but ACA made it so extraordinarily expensive insurance required insureds to pay 100% out of pocket, practically. Like no insurance at all.
Only in right wing bot nut land.
Who the hell wouldn't like something that was better? Who would complain about something that was great?
I guess AETNA faked this year-end EOB documenting the balance before my kid would get coverage.
W Trumpcare you'll be paying whole bill. Are you dense? Virtually nothing will be covered so Republicans can give a huge tax break to rich.
I am paying the whole bill dufus. I am paying for extraordinarily expense insurance and 100% for healthcare
Yes. And with Trumpcare you'd pay ALL of your medical for a while year of you had pre existing conditions like asthma. Duh.
"protecting" doesn't = "insurance." Insurance is coverage 4 future potential events. So, cover pre-existing, but call it what it is-welfare.
It's not welfare. We have chronic illnesses. We already know about them. There won't be a future for me.
I pray 4u, but I'm talking definitions. Insurance is 4 future unknowns. Anything else is welfare, or public assistance if word offends you.
So. I don't want your prayers. I want your understanding. Understand we are just as human as you, and this is inhumane treatment.
P.S. Why would you not want someone's prayers?
Because I'm an atheist, I believe it's a waste of time, and it's a way for you to feel like you're not a jerk.
If there's no god and we humans don't matter, why should I "understand" or care about how you view my logical insurance tweets?
I'll make you a deal. If you stop believing in God, and instead believe in every god or goddess worshipped ever, I'll give yours a go.
The good news is you'll be paying a lot more for his coverage if this American killing bill goes through. And you're going to be voted out.
1) you didn't protect pre-existing conditions. This is a damnable lie.
2) why do you keep trotting out the length of Obamacare as if being long automatically equals bad? It's embarrassingly simplistic.
3) your plan doesn't address the problem. We've always had high risk pools. They aren't a solution.
4) they also depend upon the anti-government GOP continuing to adequately fund the program through the decade and beyond.
5) I have no faith in this. You just slashed Medicaid by almost $1 trillion. Why should we believe you'll fund high risk pools?
It appears it was cut by $1-T but it really isn't cuz it gives the states the power to take care of Medicad users in their own states
Medicaid is a federally-funded, state administered program. Cutting the funds means states LOSE the funds. Unless they promise to match
Funds (they aren't) "giving states the power" is just another way of saying this is your problem now. They offset this massive rollback with
@votebenstuckart and @votesutherland are running against Cathy. Donate to them and show Cathy we're going to #fliptheseat!!!
Oh, she can count on it.
I will
Is that why you kept the Obamacare protections for your own healthcare? Your son is covered, but millions of regular Americans are not.
You're a liar & make me sick to my stomach, but using your own son to justify your moral depravity really takes the cake. Not fooling anyone
Except you voted to keep that for yourself and your family, and screw everyone else. You are a horrifying person. Vote this woman out!
Cathy, I've watched you talk and seriously girl, that's all it is. You're a 45 zealot out for yourself. Don't even pretend.
FYI:  You are being SKEWERED in the Comments section of that article.  People are wise to you.  You use your son as a political prop.
Is she stupid? Downs Synronme is on the list for Pre existing conditions.
Party before country? Party before family? That's some serious purple kool-aid....
Below, you retweet the Republican tweet that Iowa may be left without an individual market if their lone insurer pulls out.
Do you understand why?  Medical has a single individual with a $12 million annual claim.  To help them stay, they suggest:
At the federal or state level:

A reinsurance pool for known high cost persons, a reinsurance program for unknown high risk persons, or...
confirmation that the rules will remain stable through 2018.
Under the House plan, this person is not protected against a premium in the millions of dollars.
If Iowa waives the preexisting conditions requirement, and this person can't pay the multi-million dollar premium, what should happen?
Should this person lose his or her coverage?  What will be the results to that person of a loss of coverage?
Should Medica shoulder the load? should Iowa's 3 million people shoulder the load?
Preexisting insurance will cost so much no one can afford
His pre-existing condition will be too expensive to do anything about. Unless you're rich. @HouseGOP does love the wealthy. And uneducated
The GOP healthcare is nothing but a deathbill for the poor and tax break for wealthy
NO BRIANER. PUT YER MONEY WHERE YER MOUTH IS!!
... not intelligent, beneath contempt, monstrosity, shameful, unaware, telling lies for partisan political ends at expense of her child...
Perhaps you didn't read the entire bill.   Or perhaps "alternative facts"are beginning to roll down to Congress?   Shameful
... can't do basic math, pants on fire, hypocrite, garbage, ashamed, despicable, irrational, jerk, cruel, entirely predictable, ridiculous..
I already pay $1600/month for basic plan and get it on exchange.No subsidies and I have pre ex Now as 60 yr old you want me to pay more.
Bullshit! If that were true you'd vote against TRUMPCARE VOTE YOU OUT
Pimping your own child to camouflage moral depravity.  Shameful.
It is, indeed.  Narcissists will do anything to make a name for themselves..
Just because you don't agree with her, you feel the nd to be hateful & to judge her?
Your personal mission is evil. 80% of pvt insurance money goes to actual healthcare. 94% w/ Medicare. 60% of the country wants #SinglePayer
If it's so good will you quit you Gov insurance and get what is offered to all Americans?
So why did you screw us? My son has autism & epilepsy, and I have intractable epilepsy. #ThanksForNothing
Your bill screws those with preexisting conditions. You must be smart enough to realize that.
Because they made sure that pre-existing coverage was in place for members of Congress, their families, and staff.
They ended up rescinding that yesterday. Still a terrible law though. We'll see how bad the one in the senate is next.
they seem to be benefiting from the same system they want to dismantle They should get insurance from their district
Washington Post is FAKE NEWS MEDIA
Firstly you're an idiot if you believe that. And secondly the rep that posted is sourcing WaPo. Reading is fundamental
You introduced the amendment that covers not even 10% of what would be required. This article is misleading propaganda.
SHOW ME THE MONEY! MONEY TALKS BS WALKS...
... written by nameless ghoul at Heritage, selfish narcissist, greedy, lying through her teeth, mindless, fear mongering, twisted and cruel
What a surprise that zero democrats have a child or family member with a pre-existing condition. They couldn't see the wisdom of your #AHCA.
Your're not telling the citizens as a member of Congress U excempted yourself from the pre-existing waiver. DON'T LIE TO YOU'RE CONSTITUENTS
Disgusted with your vote. Dare you to try to justify it to adult self-advocates with DS who opposed this bill and will suffer because of it.
IF you voted YES for the new #Trumpcare bill, then you just contradicted your above tweet, as the new bill DOES NOT protect preexisting!
And thanks to the exemption Republicans voted for themselves, you will never suffer the results of your own vote.  Moral monster.
Vote her out!!!
2 of my immediate family members have preexisting conditions. Please find another mission bc you are a terrible advocate for them.
And there's no call for it in the Constitution while we're $20T in debt. Stop being a RINO and GIVE US THE FULL REPEAL YOU PROMISED!
CMR staff, you can knock off these BS tweets.
You are using your Down's child as a front for your bullshit argument to destroy lives? May your God have mercy on your soul.
Only her child matters let the other children die ,while we pay for her health care

Mission accomplished through the exemption for members of Congress. Those of us on the outside still get screwed on pre-existing conditions
All your enthusiasm for yanking healthcare away was for naught...Don't worry though, we'll remember in 2018 how hard you tried!
Tell us? Where does your family live? I hear they are in CA
This tweet is going well for you. @washingtonpost op-ed has over 1000 negative comments per hour -- a new record for you! Our favorites:
You were in office during Obama care, if you thought it had that many issues perhaps you should have been ready with a more appropriate bill
ACA problems were CAUSED by the GOP protecting Big Pharma/insurance companies profits! GOP wouldn't allow single payer 1/
And Rubio eliminating risk corridors! The GOP is obscene!
Not aword from you in 3 months. Not a Townhall. No decent legislation to help your people. Stop being a disgrace and do your job for WA!
Hope this article was worth your seat in Congress. #AHCA
How long will this (lie) be your pinned tweet?
Hey CATHY! Americans want 2KNOW exactly why the HOUSE is doing NOTHING w the Sanctions Bill that passed Senate overwhelmingly!!!
You don't know what the Senate is doing? Or do you?
You are making $174,000 a year and are exempted from the AHCA, so please spare us the cry baby story.  It is FAKE news!
Postpartum depression is a #preexistingconditon but erectile dysfunction isn't! #IamAPreExisitingCondition and I'm gonna #ResistThegop
They need to keep getting their Cealis to fuck America longer.
... pure evil, supreme ideological delusion, mind boggling, big steaming pile of BS, arrogant, incompetent, swamp person, doubly ashamed...
Then you state just the opposite. Best wishes for your son but you are vile. #preexistingconditions
The USA will have Socialized Medicine! The vote to allow Paid  Sex Change for Military, proves it! #SOS
This is unconscionable. I will do everything I can to defeat you in your next election.
Thank you from all of ys.
Put your money where your mouth is and purchase insurance and get insured on the market the way your constituents have to.
I will give $100 to anyone running against you. You lie- you kept good insurance and are hurting millions of Americans
So far gave $27 to each of her opponents. I will give the rest after a primary
.@cathymcmorris You're a member of congress, exempt from #TrumpCare. Pre-existing conditions are very real for those of us not in Congress
President, Grab em by the Pussy, hires Communications Director who says, "I'm not trying to suck my own cock" America?
America knew you were lying.
Keep this pinned tweet up! It memorializes your enthusiastic desire to take away your constituents' healthcare & gut public health providers
Cruz provision in Senate bill allows insurers to discriminate against those with pre-existing conditions.
I'm sure you love your family, but fact is you exempted yourself from this law, you're wealthy and powerful. You're not affected. #FlipWA5th
You are lying, unaffordable is NOT providing even access!
You exempted yourself and your family from this horrific bill ! You know that you need the PE  condition protections from OBAMACARE ! #liar
Sold your special needs kid out for lobbyist kickbacks. Keep it classy, baby.
Cathy I absolutely support president Trump! I want the Republicans to support and protect our president Trump 100%
The American people live in 50 United States. We need a United Healthcare plan so workers aren’t required to uproot their lives for health.
According to the CBO your mission failed BIG TIME. How do you square that with voters?
they can make their own decisions for their family...just can't make decisions for me and my family to pay for their unfortunate situation.
2/2 #UniversalHealthCare works elsewhere. @POTUS said it himself. & the pros outweigh cons. Ask the ppl, we will pay  taxes for this.
Cool, so you have donate all your money to people with pre-existing conditions.  No? You just want to donate my money to them
If your personal mission kicks 25million people off health care, rethink your values. Rethink everything.
Liar!!!!
To me being a responsible adult means I don't wait til I'm sick to enroll in health insurance making "pre-existing" conditions a moot point!
What will you do if your state chooses to opt out with #preexistingconditon option in #AHCA ? There should be NO option to opt out. #MAGA
Then why are we allowing plans to discriminate? If you want a free market, just repeal all insurance regulations.
What a horribly dishonest statement. Shame on you, ma'am.
To you defending the interests of the rich is your priority. Even if 24 million won't have healthcare. Genocide!
"We’ve had conversations — tough conversations — with people from all walks of life" how can this be true if there were 0 public hearings?
Going out on a limb here-you didn't bother to read the entire bill did you?
And you can recuse yourself from joining and keep what you have
Why did you sell out to big insurance? Your insurance covers it, how about ours?
Vote Cathy out! Support @votesutherland 
Pretty sure that you are part of the group that never opened the bill to read it! Don't be a hypocrite!
@SpeakerRyan @washingtonpost And that by being placed in "high risk pools" those people won't pay higher premiums?
@SpeakerRyan @washingtonpost Are you saying that states can't waive the "pre-existing condition"part of their state?
Did YOU READ the bill BEFORE you voted? After reading about your Son, my guess is no, you did not. Thankfully, a Dem will take your job 2018
Mother of the year!
We won't forget. It's on you now.
Then why did you vote for the AHCA? Discussing, sad. Vote your heart not your party or loose in 2018.
Wow we found Sarah Palin's death panels finally/ Who knew it was the entire Republican Congress though?
So why vote to exempt congress and staff?
OMG How fucking stupid do you think we are?  You are a monster Town Hall soon? 
You have better access and funding for healthcare than your average American. You said nothing on how this is better ... because it isn't.
@JohnCornyn @washingtonpost There r SO MANY issues w/this. 1st-she claimed 2M ppl have PEC in US,4 Downs Synd alone it's 3.6M
my personal mission is to get you out of office
Disgusting specious #GOPLies from a member of the #GOPCrimeFamily who's owners can afford to pay for any issue her son may have. #GOPShame
Please explain to me how 23 million people losing their insurance is "protecting people" with or without pre existing conditions!!
It's  the Trump/GOP Burial Plan (wrapped in Free Market lie) 4 working class, poor, elderly & pre-existing 2 go bankrupt or die.   Unreal
@JohnCornyn @washingtonpost Ppl living w/any type of cancer=14M, MS/ALS, my disease, .5M live w/it. If u have cancer or MS
How do you sleep at night?
"Promise kept" was the Tax Cut for the wealthy
pretending this had anything to do w/healthcare is disingenuous at best
Senate will rewrite
CBO Cost Est AHCA 2017
https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/costestimate/hr1628aspassed.pdf …
I will not vote for you next term! You have lost my respect and my vote! Really pregnancy is pre existing! Wtf
If AHCA covers everyone with pre-existing conditions, then there's no need for high risk pools!  It's simple logic!
This makes no sense. Then why did you vote to screw us all over
Father you forgave them when they killed your son on the cross in his words for they know not what they do
You do know whats been done
liar
You wanted a system where Washington doesn't make decisions, but insurance companies can?
You are a monster who should be run out of the country on a rail. If you had to have the same insurance as us, you would have voted no
CBO: 23 million loose Health insurance 
Why vote to screw the most vulnerable?
Children. Elderly. Disabled
That's fine if you believe in that, but only 18% of the country wanted repeal and replace- not sure why our representatives aren't listening
People with preexisting conditions will pay MORE for healthcare in order to give the rich tax breaks. Stop pretending to care about people!
Is she really even pretending anymore? She just gave the vulnerable people a great big middle finger.
If preexisting conditions were important in the way the bill changed. You would not have VOTED to be exempt from DEVILCARE you passed for us
Then why vote for the AHCA?? You lie.
hey cathy check this out  vote indprent or write then and maybe thn the amnerican sheepls will lern? if not thier no hope for u
Self Reassure, Rinse, Repeat, Justify, Rinse, Repeat. Necessary evil of @GOP life, esp w such a danger in the @WhiteHouse. It helps u sleep.
Then why are YOU exempt from this bill's impact?
If even one person dies because they lost healthcare access due to a pre-existing condition...then you are a murderer....
Liars! Why not wait for the CBO? What are you hiding. While only keep the wonderful protections of ACA for yourselves and not also us?
Just because it's "available" does not mean that regular people, unlike you who makes $174,000 per year, could possibly afford the coverage.
U are lying 2 the American ppl. Pre-existing conditions will not b covered. New hires can't get insurance for 90-120 days they will pay more
And destroy the health insurance industry for the other 95% of the country...yeah...real great
Multiple times, Trump claimed that pre-existing conditions will be covered, they MUST be covered. Again, HE LIED!!!  Trump supporters, wake!
This BS tells me u are a little too secure in the belief that u can do whatever you want and get elected over and over again. Think again.
And that sexual assault is a pre existing condition? Explain how this is right? @potus @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
You voted for a bill that lists rape as a preexixting condition. What is wrong with you?
You can't be pro-life only b4 we r born & kill us after.
Still not speaking the truth, still trying to take from the poor, vets, elderly? Have fun @ your fundraiser in Bellevue! #resist #resign
lolololol she is going to the belly of the beast, to fundraise that's funny, will she be having it on a roof?
Why is your son more important than 24 million other people?
How's that trillion dollar tax cut for the rich comin' along??? #ShellGame
This is unbelievable doublespeak since you're causing confusion & distress among sick #ACA patients. #AHCA
You Republican women really puzzle me do u enjoy your war on women
Confused. ACHA will increase premiums for pre-existing. YOUR insurance won't change.  How are WE helped?
except you do not have the same parameters what a fraud you are
Yesterday's vote didn't accomplish the mission. Allows opting out of protections.
Your "mission" will jack up my premiums until I can't afford them. This will be true of all children who have been raped.
You know the bill was imperfect and voted for it anyway rather than vote for something decent.
As a native Spokane resident, I can definitively say Cathy is evil incarnate.  She's a Trumpette trying to hand our nation to the 1%.
This is hypocrisy! Cathy's son is covered by her Congressional health care, not AHCA. Say this at a town hall and hear the boos!!
Congress exempted itself!  Unusual for a woman to have her nose up 45's rump!
You will underfund Medicaid and any high risk pools, putting the burden on the states to cover it. All for a tax cut for the wealthy...
STEPFORD WIFE ALERT
Then why exempt Congress if you believe in it so much? Disgusting.
@SpeakerRyan @washingtonpost Then do it. You haven't done it yet. More #GOP lies and B.S.
It doesn't protect them it charges them up to 30% more....& poor ppl don't pay taxes so TAX CREDITS WON'T WORK FOR A SINGLE ADULT W/PREEXIST
FAKE NEWS - @RepFrenchHill and @cathymcmorris are exempt from Trumpcare. Don't act like you will worry over YOUR healthcare- #Hipocrites
.PLEASE BE TELLING THE TRUTH! Of course, as every1 knows, Congress' ins is better than, & won't be affected by, anything u vote in for us.
my son is autistic. B4 ACA, his desperately needed therapies were out of reach. YOU took them away yesterday. Shame on you.
And yet you're doing everything in your power to ensure that people with preexisting conditions are left with nothing. You are a monster.
Ummm are you for real!!
Separating the two makes it clear and purposeful.  Also makes it clear just how expensive covering high risk pool is.  Sorry - just reality.
Oh well they just took away pre EXSISTING.
Hey, guys!  Here's a chance to let Cathy know what you REALLY think since she refuses to hold town halls.
Liar! Your child is taken care of, you made sure of that. @washingtonpost
But why reduce what rich people are paying???  How will that help?
Thank you for voting to deprive my mother of the health care she needs. Fuck poor people right?
