My sister is a 10 year glioblastoma survivor.  #GrahamCassidy can't replace#ACA protections. Are you making fun of my sis?
Miracle! Happy for her and you. Have lost three friends.
I'm so sorry for the loss of your friends! We know we're blessed & that blessing comes with responsibilities too. We won't forget others.
Thanks, one was my cousin. Taught kinder. Retired one year. Miss her.
It takes a special person to make a career teaching Kinder. I'm sure she touched many lives. There's a great event in Houston each year..
called "Run for the Rose" that raises $ for brain cancer & gives you a chance to remember  ones. http://www.drmarnierose.org   Hope 2 see ya!
Will champion you from California! Hooray!
Hug your sister for me. My schoolmate who was diagnosed in 1998 lived 4.5 years..Dr Keith Black at Cedars operated. Miraculous at the time.
Not on the left and I oppose it on religious grounds.  It punishes the least that need healthcare.  People work and have dignity when well.
there R millions of Texans ready 2 vote U out. But then, U know that, hence ur concerted voter suppression efforts.
Exactly.  He is just another despicable Republican liar who cares NOTHING for his constituents.

yep
Against this repeal! Please listen to American Medical Assoviation and the American Nurses
Yeah, we would really prefer it if you would not hurt the most vulnerable members of our society through your shoddy legislation
Unreasonable to take a stand against a bad bill?  Guess 10 Rep Gov, hospitals, AMA, MDA. etc. are left too? #SaveACA
I don’t understand why you even tweet- 90% of the replies are against what you post. Maybe you should take that as a clue from constituents.
You don't seem to understand that Graham-Cassidy is horrible. We know why you want to repeal..because big donors want it. Shame on you.
...and if you were a moral man you would oppose it as well. Party over the people. We won't forget.
The American Medical Association opposes this bill because it violates the core principle "first, do no harm." Why do you want to do harm?
Please do not vote for this bill. I am sure my plea will fall on your deaf ears. You will vote partisan and not for me, your constituent
Right should care about their healthcare too, but they are trusting you instead of reading what you are going to do! #noGrahamCassidy
because it is wrong. But you lack the moral compass & human decency 2 see that. U R bought & sold by the koch bros.
Does that make Cornyn a 'Koch sucker' ?
lmao. If the shoe fits...
The latest bill is horrendous. Want to fix healthcare? Take insurance out of the equation and focus on medicine.
That's because your party is trying to ram through another ill-conceived bill that will harm millions of citizens.
Why don't you care about your constituents?
We are a part of your constituents, Senator.  It would be great if you acknowledged that you serve us, too!
He absolutely serves only his base! No townhalls, no "I hear you"!  But next year when all hell breaks loose, we will hold him responsible!
Only if by "base" you mean big-money donors.
That's for sure
Repeal should be stopped. Make healthcare free and accessible for everyone!
launching a "full war" to save American lives...good for them! Assume you'll be joining the cause!! 
Might be a terrible bill
That's right.  SOMEONE has to stand up for the people.  Apparently, you despicable Republicans don't give a shit about actual human beings.
Damn right we are! #GrahamCassidy is the epitome of cruelty and would be a disaster for Americans! You should be ashamed for supporting it!
Senator, if you checked the crowds you would find AMERICANS wanted you to vote in THEIR best interest...this AIN'T politics!
Of course.  Why are you so excited to take away access to health care for millions of Americans?
Why? $$$$$$$$

Trump wants to eliminate the federal program that oversees long-term hurricane relief http://bit.ly/2xiHrjj 
Please do NOT pass Graham-Cassidy- It will harm your voters
Why yes.Yes we are.Is that a problem? U R kicking tax ball down to the states & TX for one is not going to fund a thing GOP party of 0 love
Right on 'full war footing' to undo anything that starts with "Obama". Sad. Bigly.
Not just the left, sir. I voted for you and @tedcruz. I oppose the proposed bill. So do nearly all patient advocacy groups.
So.... you will vote for the Dem opposing him in his next election... right? Asking for a friend.
Yep. Planning to campaign against both of my senators.
I think I love you... I mean my friend loves you.
Tell your friend that I appreciate the love.
Democrats and Cornyn's GOP are just two different factions of the left.
THE UNITED STATES REJECTS YOUR BILL.  LAST ONE HAD 13% SUPPORT, THIS ONE WORSE.  YOU ARE LYING WHEN YOU SAY "THE FAR LEFT"  YOU MEAN TEXANS
WHAT YOU CALL THE "LEFT" IS THE MAJORITY OF AMERICANS AND TEXANS.  YOU ARE A LIAR. YOU INDIVIDUALLY WILL KILL THOUSANDS. BLOOD ON  UR HANDS.
Anything that wants to base something on facts you call left. You’re a liar and a sellout to special interest.
Yes. Because it's what is right for the people of this country. Not for the Koch bros tho. Your true reason?
His true reason? $$$$$$$
Cornyn doesn't give a sh*t about his constituents!  Hopefully people will wake up and vote his ugly ass right out the door!
Yes we are. Its a terrible bill that will hurt many people that need affordable healthcare. Why would you be in favor?
If you were a smart man you would stop ACA repeal.  You obviously are in the pockets of the corporate insurance. Shameful
Constituent from 76903 - A party line repeal is not the way to go. Bipartisan committee to improve ACA is the only way to go.
Left and right hate it.  If you support it, we hate you too
We started this in 2010.  We gave you a Conservative House, Senate & President.  We the People have done our part.  Apply pressure!!! #MAGA
There is help available for ODS. Obama derangement syndrome is unbecoming to your office and harmful to the country.
Support our President Trump and Country
The problem with your position, sir, is that this bill affects not just Obamacare, but small businesses (mine) who buy insurance directly.
You are crashing the indie Health Insurance Market.
I am a constituent from San Antonio. Pls vote no on Graham/Cassidy. Not a left/right issue; it's a health issue
Thanks to trump's policies which do nothing for middle class and frankly scare and embarrass me, this independent will now vote democrat.
YES,TX has lots of liberals.Liberal's you are suppose to serve! YES the horrible left fighting to say lives of children,sick,elderly.BAD?
History will remember your vote John to screw upwards of 32mil ppl from having HC. You cannot lie about your vote record of party over ppl!
You should be voting NO for this bill, Texans Don't want this bill...stand with the Majority of American people and with Texans and vote NO
Of course. What’d you expect People to do when their lives are threatened? Patriots to do when country is threatened? Roll over? Fuck no!
Please vote for and pass a bill that takes healthcare away from Texans. That could rally voters to vote you out of office.
Because it is a terrible bill.
It's only a war because you refuse to listen to your constituents! We won't forget your callousness come election! #turnTXblue #ByeFelicia
Rt on warpath 2 .@JohnCornyn cuz repeal isn't on the table & U R lying to say otherwise. If .@SenTedCruz follows you, he'll lose my vote 2
Glad to see you still dont get it
And we're on full war because we give a shit unlike @GOP. You make sure your insurance is the same as ours since you like it so much.
GOP has proved fecklessness on health care.
@replouiegohmert @SenTedCruz You would vote for a shitty healthcare cuz you need a win? May God have mercy on your souls. Doubtful.
I would think long and hard Senator...If this bill you are passing negatively affects people, you will be held responsible
STOP LYING TO TEXANS, STOP HIDING FROM TEXANS.  JOHN CORNYN IS A LIAR AND A COWARD, AND PUTS IS JOB BEFORE THE NEEDS OF A MAJORITY OF TEXANS
Because it will literally kill people who will lose care. You're reprehensible for supporting this repeal.
A stupid bill is a stupid bill.
It may fail thanks to RINOs like Susan Collins.Useless Career Politician. Time for TERM LIMITS.
It SHOULD be stopped.
You can bet on it. And we're coming for both Senate seats too! This is what happens when you ignore your constituents-- yes, even in Texas!
You still won't listen will you?
FALSE. "right" and " middle"also  object to this rushed, one-sided steaming pile. You WANT to push this, but it is not true.
Johnny tool bag. You're own party including colleagues, governors and AMA say this is a bad bill. Have you actually read it. Lots of words.
You have no connection to your constituents. You work for US and you will NOT take healthcare away from millions of people. Despicable.
Your excuse for wanting to pass this dumpster fire of a bill is, "we said we would get rid of the ACA to get elected."
Newsflash: If you don't lie to get elected, you don't have to perform mental gymnastics to validate voting for terrible legislation.
Right on 'full war footing' to support unstable President hellbent on tearing apart America .
Good,at least SOMEONE has their constituents backs.
All you need to remember are two words: #FullRepeal Nothing less. Nothing more.
Right. Along w/ commie pinko lib [not] insurance companies & many GOP governors. How about trying to make health care better for a change?
Repubs are no good for us.
As the Senate Majority whip it's your job to twist some arms & count the votes. Time to have a sit down with @RandPaul & talk sense into him
You are a LIAR.  Here you are being caught lying.
Senator, we, your constituents, know how horrible this bill is. All major organizations are against it, and you should be too! Shame! #78749
The left care about people and healthcare for all. You care about money from the Koch brothers.  How much did they give you?
Wow, you have something to say about the #ACA replacement. Why not talk about how it will further hurt survivors of #Hurricane #Harvey ?
Let's have a Town Hall & discuss health care options. We, your Texas constituents, say loud & clear: Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy/Trumpcare.
Sir, By supporting this, what do you gain? Donations??? Something is driving you and I'm confused as to what is more important than life?
I enjoy voting against you every chance I get, Senator, but the next time in 2020 will be so sweet to watch you finally go down in flames
DNC RADICALS TRYING TO SAVE A DYING LIE CALLED OBAMACARE SOLD AS ACA! DEMS R RESPONSIBLE & WANT TO STOP VOTE FOR THEIR SAKE; NOT AMERICANS!!
With respect, sir: I know--we all know--that you and @tedcruz will vote for #GrahamCassidy, and nothing we say or tweet will change that. 1/
At least one of you apparently considers the #ACA nothing less than a personal affront, which in fairness is your right. It's a big country.
That said: yes, the #ACA has issues (dating back to the compromises in its origin, which if memory serves can largely be placed on the GOP).
But I find it telling that every GOP-penned "alternative" presented in the past few months, including #GrahamCassidy, all basically say...
Albeit postdated far enough into the future that there is a chance that no one will immediately remember who gave the proverbial order.
Perhaps I'm being excessively cynical, but I have to think that the idea of "giving people more choices" by pushing this all on the states..
..is akin to saying "You can't buy the delivery van you need, but you can buy that Yugo there if you can get through the electric fence."
And, in #GrahamCassidy's case, the virtual elimination of Medicaid as we know it in nine years means the Yugo's tires are bald and low.
I think you are underestimating how far this opposition goes.  It isn't just the left.
The people versus the GOP members of the US Senate. (Unless you really think GOP voters WANT to lose their healthcare?) Who do you work for?
If by "left" you mean Americans who care about other Americans or Texans who don't want other Texans to suffer, yeah..we're at war with you.
U bet we r u teabagger.   SHAME
Looks like we found the true pro-lifers John...and you ain't one of us.
Forget labels and focus on substance & present that @ townhall meetings across Texas.  What's that? You fear meetings w/Texans. Disgraceful.
The @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Should get some backbone and REPEAL OBAMACARE!! If Republicans really wanted to the could get rid of mandate!!
Good!!!!! #GOPIsEvil
You are hurting more than you are helping.  How are you going to explain this to God?
Don't let it worry you
As well they should be Senator. You obviously do not give a crap about the people you claim to serve.
I'm asking you, as a constituent, to stop voting for things like this. Come up with a real plan and send it thru committees.
Because I want to #SaveMedicaid for my #disabled niece. Ban on lifetime caps gives her access 2 drug helping kids w/Spinal Muscular Atrophy
As they should be. VOTE NO TO THE BILL!  77015
Yes we are, because this bill will be harmful to people we care about. Don't lie to us or yourself, you know it's the truth. VOTE NO.
What senate. We don't have a senate. Haven't had one in about 8.5 years
Where's that "fulsome debate" you so snarkily tweeted about a few months ago? How can we, your constituents, trust you? 78240
Do you even read your tweet replies? Over 90% are against this bill. What is wrong with you people in the Senate?

Good!!! Cause #GrahamCassidy is horrendous for the American people.
Because you're out of your f-ing mind!
Our children are worth fighting for. That's not unique to the left. I wish you would fight for our children, elderly, disabled, poor. No GC.
Murderer
You are unreachable and out of touch with your constituents. STOP trying to repeal ACH!!!
As someone moderately left leaning I say, it is almost like they should have shown up at the polling places.
Hell, yes. Stopping you from condemning at-risk people from dying of manageable health conditions is a hill upon which I'm willing to die.
Yeah, often it's expected that society mobilize to save the lives of innocents
Because TRUMPCARE is obscene! It does not protect people with preexisting conditions!
Yep. How about listiening to your constituents for a change?!?
It's inhumane. A disaster waiting to happen. Drumpf and his deplorable administration are moving us back 50 yrs. Shameful US president now
if by "left" you mean "anyone that's not a far-right Republican dingaling".
We like Obamacare
Hey, Senator. Ever thought about reading the comments, listening to the phone messages?
Why are you worried, you won't do anything about it either way. Whatever is safest for you. Can't wait 4 @DwayneStovall come relection.#RINO
Do you ever read these comments from YOUR constituents? I think not. Pathetic. Can't wait till 2018!!! Buh-Bye!
Imagine that people don't want to be priced out of healthcare market leading to DEATH.
Perhaps that's because the Left cares more about people suffering than the so-called "religious right". There's an oxymoron.
While the GOP takes turns 'Koch sucking'
If by left you mean intelligent, compassionate people you are 100% correct.
Because you’re on "full war footing" to make your constituents suffer. Why do you hate us? Are the Koch Brothers that important to you?
Fuck yeah!
Mr. Cornyn, you work for us and we don't want the ACA repealed! What don't you understand about that? Coward, won't call me back....
Yeah cause your bill is absolute trash and doesn't do anything for ALL Texans much less ALL Americans #gtfoh
I had a PPO plan for my family with a $750 deductible that cost $450/month. Now I cannot afford $7500 ded $1750/month BCBS HMO. Fuck ACA
Thanks for the share. I wish this article didn't pit partisan politics so strongly. What are your thoughts on the bill Senator?
You should be draining the swamp of special interest money.  Instead, you are filling it. This will not end well for middle-class America.
If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121
Fuckem
John, you really should stop it too!! Your constituents lives are at stake. Texas already has horrible rates of women dying in child birth!
Please step down.   You're an embarrassment to your state and your constituents.
GOP= Greed Over People! What is wrong with you? Worried about your PAC/fundraising? Better worry about the ppl that voted u in.
All of you GOP and Dems suck.
Oh, yes, the evil left, trying to make sure Americans don't die just so congressional Republicans can save face.
It's amazing how motivating it can be when you threaten people's families.  Them bleeding heart liberals really DO care about others!
You're a tribalist hack.

I called your office today. Do not vote for this.
Let's see how effective you are at generating votes.
As asst majority leader it is your job to gather votes. To date you have failed. What should you garner any support from Texas voters
You're correct, John, because we don't want people like you taking healthcare away from millions. Get a clue.
I’m a constituent.  it up,  since u seem to have lost touch w/ many of us who are against it b/c it does NOTHING but take away insurance
Yes we are because we like AARP insurance companies & medical personnel know this is a horrible bill & people will die Country over party
Yes sir, wide access to affordable healthcare is highly important to most of your constituents so that we don't go bankrupt or die.
Let's have some hearing and debates on this bill to see how good it  is. That way the constituents have a clear understanding
Republicans - Leading the charge to strip healthcare protections from millions of Americans!
You and your porn pal along with the rest of the out of your minds GOP have done nothing to help Americans out shame on you
Breaking news! Less than 12% of the nation supports this travesty (what they can find out about it anyways). So, the "left" isn't alone.

I came across this in my instagram feed today and I thought you should see it. 
U haven't spoken to ur constituents to get their point of view.  Please explain to me and my family how this bill is better for us. Confused
Most of America is trying to stop Obamacare repeal! Please listen to us!
Not just the left, John. A lot of moderates (whom the @GOP is pushing to the left) are fighting this too. It's terrible!
Hell yes there is need to stop the repeal. Are you listening to anyone other than your party and Orange Fuhrer? Millions of ppl cld die.
Admit it John you are really after Medicaid...this plan will destroy Medicaid forever...
AARP, American Cancer Society, March of Dimes, All Children's Hospitals, parents of sick children - yes, real gang of lefties
Right on full war footimg to stop Obamacare - at all costs.
@GOP is trying to bypass the very democratic processes they want the Dems to enforce, resulting in harm/death for many Americans. Go Left!!
@JohnCornyn declared war on every child who is alive because the ACA eliminated lifetime caps. #GrahamCassidy lets states bring them back.
If its such a 'good' thing. Why is it being done covertly and without bipartisan effort? hmmmm?
Texas stands to gain billions of dollars if this CrapCare goes through. That's the only reason @JohnCornyn cares.
Senator Corncob
You should be against it too!  The general public is against it - R's & D's!  Support all Americans and vote NO! Bipartisanship & fix it!!
It ain't just the left, Senator.
I called every field office + DC to ask how this is implemented in TX.  None of yr staff knew. This is why regular order is impt
Do you trust our governor @GregAbbott_TX to look out for the interest of those with pre-existing conditions?   Neither do I.
You are an abomination of a public servant. Healthcare is not a toy. It is something so very important to many Americans and U do harm w/ GC
As they should to stop u and your cronies who only care about the rich from putting 32 million off health care coverage, y r despicable
Call us silly for wanting EVERYONE to have healthcare! You bet full war footing!
The right doing the same thing over and over and  expecting a different outcome. Definition of crazy.
And you should be opposing it too.
