I seriously doubt that. The entire world respects and fears @realDonaldTrump (ask him); nobody including N Korea is causing any trouble.
Law firm @POTUS used to show he has no ties to Russia was named Russia Law Firm of the Year for their extensive ties to Russia. Unreal.
How can you possibly turn a deaf ear and blind eye to what is going on in the WH? Why do you continually ignore our concerns?
And the President has told 3 completely different stories about why he fired Comey. Time for an independent, non-partisan investigation.
Ummmm... our President is melting down dude.
Have we hit rock bottom at the WH yet?How bad does it have to get before you speak out? Hint: Its bad! We need to hear from you!
Your silence infers your support. Elections have consequences, and 2020 is closer than you think.
Your silence about #TrumpRussia infers your support. Elections have consequences, and 2020 is closer than you think.
@JohnCornyn should back an independent counsel calling bc it's the RIght Thing To Do. We employ you Sir. We Demand a Rep of Integrity!
Meanwhile our nation has been infiltrated by the Russians and you have done a some total of nothing.
Pay attention to where you live, slappy.
Im a constituent and i want an independent special prosecutor for trump/russia NOW!
Baghdad is not the capital of Afghanistan. See the third paragraph...
Probably true. Not as important as the deterioration of the US security situation, but you never address that. Independent investigation!
We need a Special Prosecutor to investigate Trump/Associates for collusion with Enemies of the USA. ANSWER YOUR DAMN PHONE!
Good Thing POTUS is LEAKING CLASSIFIED INFORMATION 
#ImpeachTrump
#StandForDemocracy
Lobbying hard for FBI director?  What a joke
Too bad all attention in DC is elsewhere.
You're not fooling anyone, John...
Trump is threatening people. Private citizen, president, or not. This is not normal.  #treason #CORRUPTION #CRIMES #democracydying
Traitor!
Focus on #TrumpRussia, John. Remember when you saw Russia as our biggest security threat in 2014-2015. What changed?
Loyalty promise will be expected of you tomorrow when you are interviewed for the FBI job.  Will you promise Loyalty???????!!
HOLY .  Breaking news....John Cornyn being considered for head of FBI.
Where do you want to be standing when the dam breaks, Sen. Cornyn? Be the one to get out ahead of this mess. Call for a special prosecutor.
Stop the deterioration of this country and then we will worry about others. DO YOUR JOB!
Is this part of the MAGA strategy? I thought Trump was going to bomb the s**t out of these people. Has he gotten distracted? #WorldSecurity
Russia there for 20 years while we funded their opposition. Now we've almost been there 20 years with Russia funding the Taliban. Insanity.
Your buddies in Russia are killing our troops John.
Hey, you might want to open your eyes, your constituents are more concerned withTrump,Russia,Comey,threats... Or are you complicit? Man up.
It already has Senator!!! Taliban hold more ground than they did b4 9/11, the Afghan people still need help with that situation.
Nice attempt at deflection ... but we need to hear from you on #obstructionofjustice, #TrumpRussiaInvestigation and #TrumpTaxReturns
Looking for a nice Reichstag fire for Trump to draw attention away from his treason? NO.
So then why escalate? Can y'all get a handle of government or are you just an incompetent amplifier of shadiness?? #johncornynsucks
Is this News from 2003 when #ColludingCornyn #Bush and the @GOP #InvadedIraq and waited 4 @BarackObama to kill #OsamaBinLaden
Yep, the Taliban is coming back. Stunts like that MOAB help their propaganda efforts. Maybe try humanitarian efforts instead of military.
And... for Pete's sake... please do your part to remedy the deteriorating security problem in the White House.
Hello John, democracy is being threatened right now! When are you going to put country over treasonous @POTUS? #TownHall #FBIraidGOP
What about Trump wiretapping & threatening Comey 
What is "free beacon"? Is it right wing propaganda?
This has to be a parody account. No one is this ignorant or unaware. Jeebus.
Also, maybe instead of tweeting, you should be listening to voicemails since your mailbox is consistently full.
Why are we still in that stupid country
: it's time to be a patriot, sir. Demand an independent investigation re Russian connection. Far worse than a blue dress.
I still hate you.
Well we already saw that the security situation in the Oval Office deteriorated w Trump's handlers in there taking pictures and what not...
Um, since you are on Twitter this morning, maybe you should trot on over to @realDonaldTrump timeline.  Please prove to us you are not weak
But then again, better take that rumored new job, so you will still get a paycheck after 2020.
John, let's talk about the deteriorating state of our republic.
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
I would like to hear your thoughts on Trump, Senator. Because that "for certain" will deteriorate.
When are impeachment hearings starting?
The Republic of the United States will continue to deteriorate until Replutocrats get their tax cuts for the wealthy. Your response?
Please help reign in our POTUS. He's issuing threats via Twitter now. Thank you and have a great day!
You're sharing this why? Sending more troops and resources and tax dollars to Afghanistan. Maybe staffing the State Dept could be included!
@realDonaldTrump just threatened Comey. What's it gonna take for u to stand up for the rule of law?
How about you address the deteriorating mental state of @realDonaldTrump?
@tedcruz I'm adding you to the list of people obstructing justice.  This is OUR country. We are not gonna let one man take it down.
Add @RepKenMarchant. He is currently missing though.
Your job as member of Congress is to act as check and balance. The time has come. Step up and do the right thing.
I'm adding you to the list of people obstructing justice.  This is OUR country. We are not gonna let one man take it down.
Unfortunately one man could never take it down. Takes a party's help, with people like @JohnCornyn knee-deep in it.
Spot on. The whole of the GOP is complicit. Sickening.
Afghanistan is another Trump deflection from the Russian problem.
Trump threatened James Comey via Twitter. 

Talk about that, John.
