So glad you're ok meeting with gun lobbyists but not constituents who care about healthcare and treason.
could care less about photo ops. Get with the program and do your job!
Oh look, a bunch of old white people........
Defend our public schools, please. Our students with disabilities affected by both education and Medicaid.
how about standing up for the1st amendment, which is actually under attack. #3yearsleft #votetheGOPout #resist
what about 1st! There is,a reason why it is 1st
trump is attacking 1st Amendment rights. U r doing nothing about it. Fight for freedom of speech.  It's in the constitution.
Now work to protect 1st Amendment rights.
Think you'll ever care about first Amendment rights?
Sounds like you value 2nd amendment over 1st amendment.  #lookforanewjob
it's a stance that requires NO moral courage or wisdom or leadership.
Not proud of our Tx senator for spending time with his gun loving donors instead of town hall. Do your job!
...however, not really supporting pesky First Amendment rights.
Would be proud to call you my MoC if you had the courage to hold a townhall last week - zip code 77030
That's nice @JohnCornyn We want a  #SpecialProsecutor
better protect #FirstAmendment
Maybe you&I could be friends?Never know unless you talk to me,a constituent #TownHall @TX21Indivisible @IndivisibleTeam
you were right here in Austin and didn't bother to meet any concerned residents? VOTERS? Just the folks with $$$
Is this your method of holding a townhall meeting? U and @tedcruz are the Senators for the entire state of TX not just your base
How about defending us from a treasonous President?
@TX21Indivisible Wish that you were at our town hall yesterday.
Thank you. Truly. Now about the rest of the Bill of Rights... #FREEPRESS
don't claim threat of fun violence as a reason to avoid constituents
Any coward can join his "friend$." Why not join the people who pay your salary $ who you purport to represent?
is more interested in defending gun rights that aren't being challenged than investigating @POTUS illegal ties to Russia.
looks like the problem isn't paid protestors but greedy politicians who need to stay in their safe space #coward
instead of gladhanding big money and irrelevant PACs, how bout a town hall? Face the public sometime, Johnny boy!
But your can't set up town hall meetings?  Who are your constituents?  We need to be heard do you know what WE want!  America!!
If only there was an organization that donated money to protect the first amendment...
Just as long as "defending" 2A doesn't mean gun violence gets out of hand. Wait...
TSRA members are clearly not contributing to violence in Texas. Nor is the 2nd amendment.
I'm not pointing the finger at them so much. More at Cornyn and both his faces.
Nor am I in favor of taking all guns away (is anyone?). But u can protect the 2A & still use common sense
Should that approach be taken with the first? What is reasonable? Who decides?
I'd say looking at stats is the first step. Using facts and not feelings.
Very diverse crowd. Said no one ever.
you meeting with the lobbyists, not your constituents. What are you afraid of?
White men with Guns kill more people than Muslims.
yeah - kill em all right John!
How about defending the first amendment also that you are trying to take away
Our 2nd Amendment rights are not in danger. Can't say the same for our school children.
how about a town hall fir your constituents in San Antonio TX?
if there's a 2nd amend there must be a 1st. What does it say again?  How about the others?  #allamendmentsmatter.
how abt sensible gun controls?
Looks like you think the 2nd Amendment is a suicide pact. Rearranging the deck chairs again?
now let's support freedom of speech and the right to assemble!  How about our freedom from Russia???
, what about defending us from all enemies, foreign or domestic?  Like, say, Russia?
Planning on visiting one of TX State Schools where open carry is permitted by visitors? So safe for residents.
How well are you coping since #Obama took away your guns?
Now you can defend our First Amendment rights. You know, you have a town hall & constituents come & talk to you.
#townhall
you care more about people carrying guns than say the first amendment? Or human rights? Come on John. Be better.
since you're all about defending the constitution, how about that 1st amendment?
I'm a little more worried about #1stAmendment right now
bought and paid for.
2nd amendment doing just fine.  1st under attack by #republicanpresident.
but too busy for a town hall? How about just clearing your voicemail?
whatever it takes to get cash
what about First Amendment rights?
what about the other rights????
Wow. Followed your tweets this week. I'd love to see the breakdown of #s white men vs women, minorities you met with this week
happy to discuss this with you at your town hall meeting.  When will that be?
So, time for this but not a town hall? 'Kay.
If only 1st Amendment meant as much to you as 2nd, maybe fewer angry voters? #townhallmeeting #priorities
living the stereotype. 
What are you doing about healthcare? WHAT IF I GET SHOT?!? Are you gonna pay?  Or just let me bleed out?
I bet ur happy the NRA gives u tons of money to be in bed w/ them! Shameful no Town Hall but time for them! $$$$$
.@JohnCornyn I would prefer you were proud to meet your constituents rather than lobbyists. @TSRA_outreach
What about ALL your constituents' rights to decent education & healthcare? Stop kissing up to the and HEAR US.
.@JohnCornyn @TSRA_outreach A wise man once said ~Live by the sword, die by the sword. Believe Him? Does anyone still grieve for #SandyHook?
.@St__Jane  Luke 22:36 He said buy a sword, & yes Sandy Hook where teachers were unarmed, sad, teachers shouldda been armed like Israel
When someone that is Mental ill comes after you with a gun we will remember that you let them ...u r exhausting
From who? This is Texas. What are you doing about healthcare?
You & the administration are in different worlds than the citizens of this great country. Get it together!
OMG - who dressed you?  #fashionfail Maybe you should have worn #Camoflauge lol
how much money have they donated to your campaigns?
so glad you all voted to all those with known mental illness to purchase guns- go 2nd amendment and f*ck the 1st
@SenTedCruz @maddow Found you!!! At NRA PAC instead of Town Hall w/ the people you represent. Shame! #resist #recessresistance
right, because out of all the problems we have, *that's* a pressing issue
but you couldn't make time for our first amendment rights at a townhall today? Shameful!
I wish you appreciated the first amendment as much as you do the second! #doyourjob #2020
and the 1st amendment, John?  Where do you stand on that? #FreePress
Great, but what are you doing about the first amendment? CNN , NYT, BBC, and others blocked by your party's WH.
get out of the NRA's pocket and listen to your constituents. You should be defending our 1st amendment rights. Host a town hall
Perhaps you should spend time defending people not weapons. You need to hold a lot town halls. Face the voters!
no town hall?
Senator Cornyn, we appreciate you coming. Thank you for your support! #txlege
I think you mean protecting the profits of gun manufacturers. Easy mistake.
how about defending 1st amendment, freedom of speech, press
how about defending the rights of all constituents, not the rights that lobbyists are directing you towards?
I hope you are equally proud to defend our 1st amendment rights....
Our 1st amendment is under attack right now.
how about you defending 1st amendment rights, too?
staff won't answer phone/ return messages. I guess he'll only do that fr NRA, not his constituents. #NRAwhore
You could be more conservative. Vote like it or be repealed and replaced yourself.
Did you hear about Kansas?
Who are u defending the 2nd Amendment from? Rs hold everything right now. Let's talk about this - #TOWNHALL
and the rights to a free press, right?! That's important!
How about joining your constituents for a town hall?
What are you going to use to scare people now that Obama's gone? He was not very successful in taking guns away.
@EllenMorris1222 @TSRA_outreach how much money does NRA give you?
It was $9,900
but that was the national group
How about having a town hall and protecting the 1st amendment from Trump? His ship is sinking and you are tied
when r u coming to Galveston County?
Hundreds of your constituents came out to hear you speak, @JohnCornyn, where are you? https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1643109562662619&id=1632755960364646 … …
