That's the problem. You're prepared to confirm incompetent, unqualified people.
You lost too. In time you'll find out how much.
Yup. Be patient. You'll see just how much we all lost.
I'm going to regret this, but please elaborate on how much we gained...
Especially the unqualified ones. Right? Perry, Carson, Pruitt. Devos. Not qualified but #GOPDontCare @JohnCornyn @BresPolitico
Rubber stamping unqualified and unprepared extremists @JohnCornyn @BresPolitico
You like Mus Bro influence, right?
Says the Putin puppet loving Twit? Seriously, he has put Russia's interests over ours. @cherry_bethea
He would be a fool not to put Russia interest first.
Some fucking patriot. Blocked for sheer dumbassery. @cherry_bethea
Keep your fight on or lose the country!
GET IT DONE, We gave you the numbers in both houses
Dibt think any MusBro in o admin listed their goals. You lost!
Maybe if Mr Trump had nominated them sooner you wouldn’t have to work so hard at the last minute?
@tia6sc Thank you sir.  But won't that keep the Dems away from more important & urgent business like protesting the election?
@LindaSuhler Thank you, sir. Your dedication is appreciated!
Thank you John. You are a true Patriot!
Willingness to stay and do the work is not enough.  The people you represent want ethics reviews completed before you vote.
You are eight years too late for ethics reviews, the damage has been done! Now it's time to rebuild!
The can't stand that long without a respirator.
in order to vote your cabinet members in, they have to complete their paperwork. @CNN
Hypocritical to demand 3 years tax returns when you don't have to show us yours!
you go low we go high. Trump called @JohnCornyn on camera luncheon about $ Trump gave to Cornyn for a job
We've asked you not to confirm these incompetent, unqualified, malicious billionaires. Why do you think your VM is so full?
@BlgaethGaeth 2 bad rest of senate won't do the same. How long r Dems gonna slow walk this? Rs didn't like Lynch but let her in
How about a budget? 
8 years and counting... 
#maga
@JohnCornyn @timothypeck
@LindaSuhler as an American citizen I don't understand why you are not back in session now getting this done so country can move
Of course you will since you are part of the swamp!  You don't want to leave the swamp.  More elections coming!
@veganvecoh  Make it happen. So much work to be done.
YOU TELL THEM SIR HOW WE DO THINGS IN TEXAS NON OF THIS WAITING AROUND FOR ANYTHING
Why?
@LindaSuhler Exactly! You have a task to complete for your boss: The People. Do what we regular working folks do.
@LindaSuhler Senator it would good would be great if all the senators would do their job.
 #MAGA
What about the rest of the useless idiots?
It's about time that they do some work! No more partying until next year!
Yes! MT: @JohnCornyn I am prepared 4 Senate to stay in session as long as it takes -all night all weekend -to confirm PresTrump'scabnominees
@LindaSuhler it's inevitable let @SenateDems cont to shoot themselevs, Q is are there at least 8 Buckaroos you can work with
@LindaSuhler After Pres Trump told on them, they better get to work
@LindaSuhler Time to play hardball with those Democrats losers. Let's shove the nuclear option up Schumer & McCain's ass !!!
Time to get to work, party is over
@drstratton42 you're as feckless and useless as Mitch McConnell. All should have been confirmed by now and I oppose half of them
@LindaSuhler you are a liar, hack, and a fraud. How the hell you keep getting elected as a republican is amazing to me. Go away
@LindaSuhler then why didnt you?
Yes sir, Senator Cornyn.
MAKE IT SO !!
Rest up because you're gonna need it.
.  Did they finish their ethics vetting?
.  Even DeVos?
We are holding you to your word. Don't let us down.
It is obvious by these tweets that your words and actions are dividing Texans. An all nighter for you, years of carnage for us.
where was your gung ho attitude when President Obama nominated Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court?
you are more prepared to confirm them than they are to assume their cabinet positions
Why weren't you  that prepared to fight for the Healthcare coverage of millions of Americans?
No no no not if they are horrible choices. Listen to the calls re Betsy DeVos. Yes woman#nosupportforpublicschools
ALL TALK! 2 cabinet members apprd. What is with you guys get it done. PROTECT AMERICA & stop making excuses. @SenateMajLdr
No thought as to their ethics disclosures?
Time to get to work. Repeal Obamacare forthwith!
holding u 2 that.  Your from Texas, you can make this happen.
thanks for the work
Pooh.  Rubber stamp it and get it over with.  You'll be able to start raking in your graft sooner.
Please do not confirm DeVos. We need someone who understands public education in that position.
even if they are wrong for the USA?  Party before people, the Republican way.
working a little OT for those billionaires- good for you john
THANK YOU!!! #MAGA
I'm VERY much looking forward to voting you out of office!
They are completely unqualified! ESPECIALLY @BetsyDeVos. Put our country before your party loyalties!
Let us salute the courage and stamina of “Big John” @JohnCornyn who fought all the way to 6:40pm before surrendering to Chuck Schumer. #maga
I am prepared for the Senate to stay in session as long as it takes - all night, all weekend - to confirm President Trump's cabinet nominees
Finance hasn't even had some of the hearings. Hold your horses. So much for drain the swamp.
as a constituent it is galling that you are willing to rush the vote on these cab appointees w/o the scrutiny needed.
I guess you are nothing but a Trump toadie.  Disappointed
They need to be vetted first.   This is NOT THEIR FIRST RODEO!
Anyone who only votes along party lines is not doing what's best for the country. You had my vote in the past but no more.
i kind of wish they'd have the courtesy to end the dumb disingenuous facade thing and just go ahead and cackle openly
I'm going to hold you personally responsible for their messes, then.
Wish you'd given that same level of dedication to Pres Obama's nominees.  Blatant partisanism.
Now you want to work? 8 years of obstructionism by you,  NOW you want to stay up all night to confirm the likes of Devos?
@ByronYork Thank you
Go, John Cornyn!
I know you have a deep commitment to the children of the USA. They NEED you to say NO to BDV! Pls & thank u
please push your Leader to do so!
Surely not the incompetent and corrupt ones? It is your job to judge each on his or her merits, not be a rubber stamp.
We'll fight you and your bastard cohorts all the way. We despise you and this degenerate Trump.
How about if first and foremost you be sure and do your job instead of rubber stamping.
Go for it! We need everyone in place w NKorea saber rattling, again. We can do this!
we're watching y'all.
please. Stonewalling accomplishes nothing and further decides. #Transition2017
Deposit doesn't understand IDEA, what's going to happen to my autistic daughter?
how about you actually vet them first instead of trying to push them through when they're clearly not qualified?
Trump just insulted you all "bigly." He insulted my intelligence. I'm a constituent. Don't let ME down. Not GOP, but I count.
For the sake of the nation we hope the leadership gets these nominees approved quickly!
Many of these are unqualified and have not even gone through the vetting process. Why the rush @JohnCornyn ?
Go Texas
PLEASE!
you mean that supremely unqualified bunch of noobs nominated by the short-fingered vulgarian?
based on what qualifications?
Instead, could you honestly assess whether these people are qualified & capable of leading this country, then vote accordingly?
You should be prepared for a fight.
constituent here tried to call your office yesterday but staff didn't answer.   Left msg re opposition to Devos.
please vote no to Devos. We need someone more qualified/experienced.
PLEASE!!!!!! DO!!!!!!!
They are all terrible and ought to be rejected. The American people deserve qualified cabinet officials.
Especially those that have donated 100 of millions to Republican Party. #WomensMarchOnWashington
Especially those with ties to Russia.
the whole world knows you reds attempted to cause Obama to fail.  At the risk of the country.  Putin thanks you
y are u jamming nominees through SEN. this is not the same u did w/ Pres Obama.
@ByronYork don't give in EVER
you mean to make sure the right people are in place? Confirming these picks just to confirm is not the answer. Do your job!
Well since Trump said he's not starting till monday someone has to run the country!
please explain how 5 high level Goldman Sachs employees equates to draining the swamp? It will be fun to vote you out of office.
I'd prefer that you were willing to stay all night to determine that his nominees are qualified.  Your job isn't to be a rubber stamp.
Yeah the idea behind advise and consent is do it really quick. What a berk
get it done and best wishes.
Your fight to confirm unqualified and dangerous nominees reflects poorly on your party and your understanding of what the US needs.
Why should they when Trump took the weekend off? Day 1 in office and he took off y'all gonna complain abt his work ethic?
@JenGriffinFNC make it happen!
you are utterly contemptible and obviously r not a patriot. If u were, u would ? all this incompetence
no, really don't worry about it, take a vacation
MAGA!!!!
As usual, advancing the GOP destruction (of the country) agenda, ignoring the welfare of your constituents.
Make them stay until they collapse.  Use your rules, and your majority. They aren't your friends.
how about you wait for the ethics committee to finish?
Thank you. Let's get these good and honorable candidates confirmed
so your goal is to confirm? Not to evaluate? Are you just working for Trump or are you working for the people?
Good! #Inauguration #MAGA
. @JohnCornyn @TexasGOP Please do it, we need them in place day one, thanks so much for that. #Texas
Of course, now that you have a radical right-wing agenda to ram down our throats.
Amen
Please consider carefully. #DeVos is NOT an acceptable person to run our country's educational system. I am your constituent.
Get er done!
Thank you
Their idiocy is obvious. If they seriously cared they would participate in a normal process.
and with that approach you ensure lower news coverage of these incredibly corrupt and unqualified nominees.
Think twice a d again about the Cabinet@picks. They are for themselves not for the American public.
@ByronYork
Thank you Senator! And for fun, read the rantings of the hysterical anti-Trump lunatics! It makes it so much better!
@ByronYork don't let us down.  Do not capitulate.  Do not give in. Get it DONE!
@MyPresidentme Good !......Time to get some steel in those GOP backbones !

now you want to work hard to confirm? You're the worst
Lefty: Desperate to cram the cabinet full of incompetence. Reflects so well on your party, @JohnCornyn .
I am prepared for the Senate to stay in session as long as it takes - all night, all weekend - to confirm President Trump's cabinet nominees
Congress is about to get schooled on what a REAL work ethic looks and feels like from @realDonaldTrump !
@ByronYork You will earn the respect of all Americans to help the new president get to work on their behalf.
Your my guy. Thank you.
Will all the paperwork be in.
Per @JohnCornyn We won so confirm nominees w insufficient ethics documentation, conflict of interest issues, & competency concerns  #GOP
Excellent!!
Please keep up your good work.  We are behind you!
please do not confirm DeVos. 85% of U.S. Children are in public schools DeVos has never stepped foot in one.#DeVosHearing
That @realDonaldTrump isn't prepared & noms vetted sooner &  R's rushing this speaks ill of actios and intents @JohnCornyn 
#TheResistance
@BresPolitico Guess it sucks to be on the other side of obstruction???
confirm those idiots and say bye bye to reelection sincerely , a Texan constituent
ha! We all know you guys won't work weekends.
Stay in session 2 years, no one will mind, you're better off in stalemate than rubberstamping Trump's kleptocracy.
at least confirm those that are truly qualified & filled out their financial paperwork...your party doesn't care about ethics.
shouldn't take too long since Democrats aren't allowed to ask more than one round of questions in the hearings I saw...
THANK YOU SIR
@ByronYork Be prepared Sir. Democrats are already rushing to start impeachment proceedings against Trump. Ask Elizabeth Warren
when they finish their paperwork
And we're prepared to march, cajole, and coerce our reps non-stop until they vote those hacks into oblivion.
I wish you had this dedication when it came to Obama's SCOTUS pick
PLEASE KEEP YOUR WORD and give @realDonaldTrump his cabinet!
#illegitimatePresident #foreignagent https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/19/us/politics/trump-russia-associates-investigation.html?_r=1 …
Well sure because you need that before he is carted off in hancuffs for colluding with the RUSSIANS you phony little man @JohnCornyn
please no DeVos. Too many problems.
You're only about 640 behind thanks to Littlehands tweeting & meeting w celebs instead of building his administration. #2ndplace
@StrizzoX 
Why? To hasten the Apocalypse?
that means you will be working more in 2 days than you have for 2 years. So good earn ur pay and exv
and free to you health and retirement benefits that I pay for
please consider not selecting Betsy DeVos. She is unqualified for the job.
And we will lay our bodies down to oppose your corrupt nominees. #RiseUp
You SERIOUSLY want to burn down our government, don't you? Trump's cabinet noms are woefully unqualified but you're SPINELESS.
@BresPolitico As a former constituent of yours (I left Texas as fast as I could), I think you're hell bent on destroying the US.
@ByronYork Be cool if you showed that same dedication to actually helping Americans.
Constituent here @JohnCornyn - you represent me and I do not want you taking this action. You Represent US in Texas- represent us.
You know some of these picks are woefully unqualified.  Shame on you.
How about confirming The Supreme Court Nominee our President put forth months ago?
America waited for over a year as you helped along a SCOTUS vacancy.  DJT nominees are wholly incompetent
You should be more upset they haven't done all their paperwork, lied on it, lied in the hearings. Do UR job and make them do theirs first!
I left you a voicemail yesterday asking you to do the exact opposite. Thanks for not listening to your people.
I want him to stay as long as it takes#Texas
@ByronYork now the house and senate are prepared to work a full work week instead of spending months on vacation?
@ByronYork Thank you.
God bless you Senator Cornyn. Stand with our new beloved President Trump! We must turn the tide!
@ByronYork Good for him!
Hard to if they've not been fully vetted, senator.  Billionaires are NOT above the laws and precedents.
As one of your constituents, I expect you to evaluate these appointments and not rubber stamp them.
Must live in Austin#Texas
money over country is the motto for the GOP.
.@JohnCornyn Please confirm Justice Garland.
No#ztexas
Wow! Amazed at how hard ur willing 2 work 2 confirm Plutoklept's minion, but whr were u the last 2923 days? Obstructionist camp?
@ByronYork Keep your word. The dems would do it. Time for repub to play tough and not get ran over
Like you did with Garland right? 

Rubber stamping Trump/Bannon's unqualified noms will put you on the wrong side of history.
I appreciated this dedication when it came to Judge Garland
Shock and awe is not the way the people advising the POTUS should be confirmed, esp given how  unqualified/corrupt each is.
Scum senate would not even talk to Merrick Garland. Go home and stay there?
It's not your goddamn job to rubber stamp, it's your job to discern & reject when necessary. You serve *US*, not the president.
Merrick Garland ring a bell?
A grievously incompetent boob for Sec. of Energy? Send them back for qualified people if you have any self respect.
#FullRepeal of #Obamacare on #DayOne We hear some GOP want to keep stealing from us. R u 1 of them? #TeaParty
