Spite and revenge are poor reasons for such a decision. Such divisiveness is dangerous for our country.
many of them don't like him because he wants to deprive children of education, and have truckers commit suicide.
He has to rule based on the law and not what emotional heart strings are pulled.
all his peers, even in the supreme court, ruled that his interpretation was incorrect.
He based the decisions on how he thought the the law applied. That's how our system works. No one is perfect.
when you mess up a certain number of times, it stops being an accident
and even if it was, we should expect more from someone on the supreme court
Show me a judge on the supreme court who hasn't had their rulings overturned or dissented in their career.
Their loss.
It had better be ALL the senate democrats! Also, you should vote No too.
good, join them!
from what I can tell, each and every one of them has given a reasonable reason for there vote, so join them.
all senate Dems and Reps should vote against him until questions of Trump the sexual predator's legitimacy are answered
so? I don't see anything wrong here. On the other hand, you didn't have the courage to be on record voting against Garland.
if you say now that SCOTUS appointments should be rubber stamped by the Senate, I suppose it's no more hypocritical than normal.
Dems don't care about the people only their agenda, and what they can steal!!
For good reason. This seat needs to be put on hold until we get to the bottom of the Trump/Russian connection.
Vote them Out!
that's because Senate Democrats are listening to the will of the people! Republicans in Congress are too corrupt.
You should take a lesson from them and not allow a traitor to pick our next Justice.
And 100% of Senate Republicans refused to even hold a hearing for Garland.
So? Blame Biden for that.
Because he argued two decades ago for a rule the Senate chose note to adopt?
ALL Democratic senators need to vote against Gorsuch. Go ahead and nuke. Reps won't control the Senate forever. Karma baby.
and they have NO good reason. They're #Destructionist nothing else. Pitiful,  whinny... @FoxNews @FoxBusiness
well at least they'll get a chance to vote.
So?
as should you.  I vote in TX
Good for them!!!
Good.
fantastic!
GOOD.
It's called integrity.   If you had any you would understand.   #russiagate
All Senators should vote against Gorsuch. There has been a qualified SCOTUS nominee since March 16, 2016. #MerrickGarland
.@JohnCornyn .@WSJ 100% of the Republicans did not get to vote for Merrick Garland!
as they should. You are stealing a SCOTUS pick from Obama #shameonyou
Good! You stopped Obama from putting in a legitimate judge.
let's boost that number and add some repubs. Trump shouldn't appoint in his last year. That's the rule.
GOP hates America
good. A lot of whining from you. Can't wait to vote you out!
Which is well supported by American voters.
i hope all of them vote against him, that wasn't the republicans seat to fill
As they rightfully should. We need a justice that will stand up for individual rights and women's rights.
shutting down appt until trump investigation concluded.  Smart
Your Senate Colleagues will be voting their conscience. You vote as #45's PATSY.
they should all vote against him because of a corrupt administration
at least he got a hearing.
if you care about women, so should you.
And I, as a Constituent of yours, reiterate my request that you vote NO on Gorsuch
They ALL need to vote against or refuse to vote until this administration is investigated. You need to stop being a stooge
why? Because he upholds the constitution and doesn't make up his own agenda and policies?!? We need Gorsuch!
Good. The vote should be postponed. #TrumpRussia
Those posting about Garland are being ridiculous.fake anger being used to obstruct..none of you care as long as u can whine
as they should
good
Good. He was appointed by #TrumpRussia . Zero credibility.
move on John.  You sold us out in Texas to the devil.
Guess maybe all the GOP shouldn't have obstructed so much. Y'all wouldn't even give Garland a chance.
Good. It should be ALL of them. Trump/Russia. MERRICK GARLAND.
Showing that the Ds have a sense of diplomacy, a duty to county. Rs put party 1st, even before national security. #2018
: it's not fair to vote in Gorsuch when Trump has a cloud of csuspicion. Clear that up first, then vote on Gorsuch.
Should surprise no one. Over half of the elected Dems hate the constitution.
And all Senate Republicans refused to hold a hearing for Merrick Garland. No votes on nominees until and independent--
--commission concludes an investigation into the Trump campaign's collusion with Russia.
Oh don't even start John! #garland
trump Russia no on gursuch
gorsuch is inhumane only vote in favor of Corp and is not ready are the supreme count
.@JohnCornyn @WSJ I don't see any problems w/ Gorsuch's appt., but until the issue w/ Trump/Russia is resolved, he should not be appointed.
Half the Dems will vote for him... That's good!
Isn't that the way it works? The President nominates and the Senate votes. After Garland I can see why you're so confused.
this is getting so old. It's like grade school all over again
it should be all senate democrats voting against this guy. Repubs don't have votes for nuclear option.
Coward Cornyn kiss the ring of your trump overlord and stick it to the working class
Tell me, exactly how many republicans voted for Garland? Oh that's right, Mitch wouldn't let you.  Are you still confused?
How did u vote for Garland?
@ByronTau GOOD you should too. LISTEN to your Constituents
Garland...Garland...Garland.  Remember the guy you all refused to give the time of day to?
because they are heros.
Yes, let's leave him out in the cold like the Frozen Trucker.
Senator, for good reason. The president who appointed him is under an FBI investigation. Gorsuch seat tainted if trump guilty
Good!!
One Senator casting a vote either way is more than Garland got.  #resignCornyn
Garland, Senator.
At least they'll vote up or down unlike the oath breakers on Garland.
good. Sen Cornyn, how can YOU vote for Gorsuch while Trump is investigated by FBI for Russian entanglements?
Why? This is a travesty...a blemish on his outstanding record.
awww does that upset you? Did you honestly believe they'd roll over for you? Do you have any concept of reality or logic?
I wish the GOP didn't sell their souls to the Kochs. You are all so sad and serve only the rich.
They're fools!
I hope more than half. It is amazing he even gets a vote. They should have just said "no" like GOP last year.
good
More than half of Republicans broke their promises for complete repeal of obamacare. Your decision to work with dems won't get it done.
That's still more votes than #MerrickGarland got. Stop being a Hypocrite. It's not a good look.
because he was nominated by a traitor (who you enable)
