Yes that's right. So what r u gonna do about it
John. Less hypocrisy, more public service please? Set the party nonsense aside and just work for the good of the people OK? Thanks!
You've always been an insufferable ass, now you have a partner in Trump

Hypocrisy just doesn't cause you any shame at all does it? Sad!
Hello? We have a Russian operative in the WH and by all appearances you are aligned to him. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.
You should know that trump pardoned a criminal
yes they should. Same for Flynn, Manafort, carter Page, Jared, Donny Jr, etc etc from trump campaign
What about if the president represents a foreign government
You mean like Flynn or Manafort?
You DO include General Whoreflynn, RIGHT? DM me sometime and I'll tell you MY #sf86 #ebi story.
John!....John!!...get to work.
Hello? Pot calling kettle!
And don't forget this:
With @POTUS representing Russia, that is like putting the fox in charge of the hen house lol.
Sorry dude what have you done for the last 7 yrs? And the first 8 months of this? What's your purpose? SAD!
What about Flynn, Manafort, and the Trump family?
Why, yes, John. They should. For example: Manafort. Or how about Flynn? Or maybe Lewandowski. #TurnTXBlue #Hack
Ole John must be sweating the Special Counsel, or maybe the Atty Generals investigations!!!Podesta had deals with Russia&Hillary loss???
Suddenly you're concerned?
She's trying to stsy out of prison.
#MichaelFlynn #RussiaGate #TrumpRussia #Manafort
You are so right. #flynn #manafort #kushner should have been honest on their security forms.
Like Mike Flynn?
Please resign. You care about money more than American citizens. You are #Corrupt and #Complicit #VoteOutGOP
And yet another example of the liberal double standard of "Do what I say, not what I do, AND DON'T YOU DARE QUESTION ME!!!" Bunch of losers.
Really Senator?? Not one peep from you with all the retroactive filings from POTUS representatives. Guess we know where you stand.
And - her emails!! John, when will you leave this obsession behind & focus on the tRump mess endangering our republic? WHEN? #2020iscoming
How are the citizens of your state doing?  Can't stay unpolitical for ome weekend??  Examiner is very apolitical by the way...not.
Has any one heard about Clinton Collusion in the news? Funny how that works with 45 being falsely accused.
U just don't know when to shut up do u? Americans need to know when the president & his enablers (YOU) represent another country.
By the way, Texas is suffering the effects of a major hurricane if you happen to care about that.
He only cares if it affects his corporate contributors, not us individual constituents. #VoteCornynOut
Move on. You are a disgrace if you still support @realDonaldTrump who pardons white supremacist and #JoeArpaio ... #Phoenix
Take a look in the mirror, John
Interesting, you haven't mentioned Flynn?!
The irony here is too delicious.
Or, when the entire @GOP is complicit in a Russian cover up.
Huh. Not really failed but maybe not as much as he wanted.
Watch what they do, NOT what they say!
You should know when they represent your party, you clueless twit!
What on earth ... #SenEmptySuitCornyn ?
Your president is a shitshow.  All the photos of Clinton in the world won't keep him from being impeached.
As we are enduring a catastrophic hurricane u r bringing up HRC. Roll up your sleeves. Help Texans who have been affected by #harvey.
surprised u posted this. Must have known how much response re: Trump admin and Russia it would get. AND the ongoing filings by Kusher. LOL
Lobbing itself should be illegal. Don't sellout your vote against what is best for US CITIZENS. Ethics is what we need in politics.
Please don't try to minimize the dumpster fire that is the current administration with the "look what they did" argument.
Congress and the American people should know when POTUS represents a foreign government. #trumprussia

Really? Cornyn, the head of your party pardoned a man who violated the constitutional rights of thousands, shitting on The Constitution.
Freakin' hypocrite
Useless propagandist 
Conniving shill
Kleptocrat

Yellow bellied
Offensive 
Ugly unAmerican
BOOM!
Justice must be done when Sec State bribes multiple Foreign States by requiring money for her Foundation! Where is Special Counsel?
Your hypocrisy and party over country mandate will not be forgotten. You are a sad excuse of a public servant.
It's about time it's pointed out how corrupt Podesta and the democrats are. Mr Cronyn you need to step up to the plate and support POTUS!
Or your lack of concern with the Russian ties to Flynn, Manafort Kushner, and all the Trump's? You failed us but continue to support tRump.
You and your imploding @GOP are getting pretty desperate. Reminder: HRC wasn't elected--Putin's Puppet was. FOCUS!
You mean like we should have known how bad the Russians were attacking us during the election? Like you didn't consider it a big deal?
YOU and the @GOP have enabled & supported an unhinged, corrupt, compromised, incompetent president.Thiswillbeyourlegacy. #RussianWH
Absolutely.  Lobbyists need more oversight and more transparency.
Are you kidding me?  Why even open the door for lobbyists to begin with ??
#GOPCowards
This Senator is the worst POS
Where is trumps pic? He's the one who is the traitor.
No question.  And should make no difference what political stripe.  Same standards should apply to Podesta as to Manafort and Flynn.
So transparently hypocritical, do you have no self-awareness @JohnCornyn
and when will the American public be clean of Trump's mess?  How about when Russian presidents rule America?
Are you seriously posting about #Russian involvement in America when you actively supports
 #Traitor @realDonaldTrump?  Protect democracy!
That conservative rag, the DC Examiner? LOL Millions of Texans' lives are in peril from #HurricaneHarvey. Pay attn, or at least try to care.
Lol irony much?
Flynn/Manafort/Lewandowski/Trump

#hypocrite
Maybe we should know about when POTUS, as candidate, met with foreign agents. Why not get to the bottom of that?
Trump asked RUSSIA TO LEAK STOLEN info which he weaponized to steal the presidency from the popular vote winner-- he 's a foreign agent
And when their politicians take their money, right Senator?
Of course. But the GOP seems to think this is only true for Dems. Look at WH advisors for reference. We're watching & we vote.
Like Flynn and Mannafort???
Really? an @GOP wants to talk about lobbyist? How about a FULL disclosure of the money YOU get? Feel free to disclose BEFORE it's a law.
Stop with the "but her emails" John, we are tired of it and we see through it, take your own idiot President to task for once please
How about presidents?
What in the actual f$ck are you even saying right now. You are also shameless. Sick. #Bye2018
Is this your way of endorsing & supporting Trump? Of course it is. History will judge you harshly.
Washington is corrupt and since Nov has gotten even more so. You are part of the problem.

'Whataboutism' a fave of the @GOP Standing by Trump-We know exactly who you are
Yeah, that seems to be the top of the list of things we should be concerned about.  North Korea, Nazis on Main Street - no biggie, right?
Just stop. Are you even in Texas now or are you home in DC? We are flooding. Our coast is a disaster. You're a disgrace.
Shameful! No caring leader would send such a message when millions of his residents are in a historic storm.

Especially when people from their own administration do so, AKA Trump the Grifter in Chief. Represent all Texans not just Grifter's base!
Do you know how pathetic you look right now.  Get a grip, Trump is hellbent on destroying America. Wake up Pinocchio.
Or when their elected officials get Russian kickbacks. #PutinsPuppets
Aaaaand we're back to the emails.... #CastroForTexas2020 #GOPisBadForPeople
I agree, now, if you and the GOP think Podesta is responsible...shouldnt Tillerson also be condemned since Exxon violated sanctions
Shouldnt you be worrying about residents in Corpus over settling political scores! you are disgusting! #traitorgop #republiKKKlanparty
Seriously??? Texas just got hit by a hurricane and you are saying this? Effin tone deaf Johnny
Are you talking about the Trump administration and its Russian ties? #potmeetkettle #yourdaysarenumbered #numberonetrumpcroney
P.S. A real leader unites in times of trouble.
I think we should know when @ALEC_states @kochie_online Mercer's @The_JBS @NRA are writing our BILLS & stop paying you all.
Hypocrisy - the practice of claiming to have moral standards or beliefs which one's own behavior does not conform.
right,  look how rich McConnell & ryan are sabotaging trump agenda giving everything to democrats,  McConnell 28 mil + ryan 17 mil+
Usually I read articles you post, but I just know this is to speed up the hiring process at the Trump WH and to update your donor list.
Is Hilary more important than the hurricane?!!!! Nice to see exactly where your priorities are!
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know is your name masked in investigation
Or take kickbacks right Johnny? Hypocrite!! Why keep bringing up HRC? Trump is the Idiot in Chief! Tweet about his mental state!!!
What difference does it make, the congress will not do anything to stop it, how much has your net worth gone up since you became a senator?
How many of the lobbyists that have you in their pocket represent foreign governments
MICHAEL FLYNN
And you are still a senator from Tx unfortunately shouldn't you be worried about Rockport or are they too liberal for you?
Wouldn't hurt to know when WH employees represent foreign governments. (i.e. Flynn)
. .  And should know when lobbyists (Manafort) represent (Russia) pro-KGB (Ukraine) and illegally annex Crimea! (Trump's campaign manager!)
Like all of 45s criminal family & staff? Your projection won't help you distract from your support of this traitor to US & our values.
Esp. when they later become members of a President's administration!
What a sad man you are.
After what's gone down and is going down with the current admin you really want to go here?
The first thing I see on Twitter this morning is this post. You are a senator from TEXAS, you clown. Get your priorities straight.
How many times has Kushner filed? Flynn? And those who haven't -- Trump Jr and Trump Sr? Oh, and part of your state is under water.
Maybe you could be doing something about the catastrophic flooding your constituents are about to endure? "But Hillary" doesn't help anyone
you're right.. they should.. you're going after Flynn and Manafort soon I hope?
You and the entire GOP will be held responsible for fascist take over by Trump, Inc. Disgraceful dereliction of duty.
You mean like Michael Flynn, Carter Page & Jared Kushner? You hypocritical ass. #worstsenatorintheusa
Saw a US congressman volunteering at a hurricane evacuee center yesterday. All Cornyn can manage is tweeting more BS about HRC. Worthless.
The People should know when the Rethugliturd Farty is comprised of God-damned bigots.
Sounds like you are among the traitors.
Senator, & former judge (does the word have meaning anymore?) again limply attempts the Clinton-distraction card after Trump pardons Arpaio.
Exactly. Cant wait for Mueller to end this circus.
Senior Senator from Texas decides to reopen Hillary attacks, 7 hours after fiercest storm since Carla strikes his state. Constituent rep not
You, GOP actively worked w a foreign enemy to steal an election. We will see it proved and see u in jail.
You got that right , you Hack.
Thx for the tone deaf partisan opinion piece.TX is in the biggest hurricane and Trump just pardoned Sheriff Arpaio. Your thoughts/opinions?
Trump also banned transgendered military  service members. No word on that from Cornyn.
I think you should focus your energy on Trump !
You will have to answer to God. He will not be mocked.
Why is Clinton in this picture? Did she work for the Podesta group?
Damn but you have no issue with 45 pulling his bullshit! You're PATHETIC
You are and own #TrumpGOP ! @CitizensFedUp will not forget what #Senate thinks supports and defends against all common sense! Godless souls!
foreign govts shouldn't have lobbyists, in fact lobbyists should only be citizens not former politicians stacking the deck against us
How about looking at the Trump administration?  You are useless! #ImpeachTrump
Senators from Texas should know when political attacks are tacky #harveyhurricane
#partissnpoliticsagain PRIME EXAMPLE-the current president and the connections to RUSSIA founded by OUR national security agencies
Maybe Jared Kushner?
Stop John. You stood too close to trump. You gave up on Texas. You abandoned your state to protect trump. Your words mean zero.
Like Mike Flynn and Paul Manafort?
What do you seek pardon for?
I'm so glad my Senator is on top of this. Thank you.
What don't you do something about it?  That info has been in the news for quite sometime!
Dirty pool.
Why didn't you post a photo of Podesta? I suppose you hate Hillary, but she lost. You won.
It weird how silent you are on this issue when the people filing work in the current administration. Why it's almost hypocritical.
But if trump plays w Putin we should look th other way, says the guy pretending t b a patriotic senator.
You have got to be kidding me! Where was your outrage over Flynn & Manafort? Senator you are a partisan hack. Texans deserve better.
Flynn? Manafort? Kushner (who still -inexplicably- still has security clearance!)? God, you are dense.
You need to look after our current president rather than worrying about Hillary. He is a criminal and you don't seem to care.
Meanwhile Archie Bunker pardons a sheriff who blatantly profiled AMERICANS because of their ethnicity - SOBs
NOW you're concerned? The article mentions Manafort, but you show a picture of HRC. Where were your outrage tweets about Manafort?
Don't need this kind of crap while your citizens are struggling with Hurricanes & flash floods.
Isn't there a hurricane in your state at this moment? Shouldn't you pay attention to that? Why are you sharing pictures of @HillaryClinton?
He is stupid Senator.
Better late than never, Senator.  That includes Manafort, Flynn, Epshteyn, Gorka etc.
Does that include you?
"Hey, Kettle....Did you hear what Pot just called you?" [Flynn, Manafort, Page, etc.]
ROHRBACHER!
Why are you still so obsessed with .@HillaryClinton ? Does your wife know about your love for Mrs. Clinton? #GetOverIt #TownHall to discuss?
Are you serious? What a about #Kushner what about #Jr what about #Manafort & here in TX AG #KenPaxton under indictment for Securities fraud
Hows that Russian council going? Turkey? Iran? Your support of @POTUS while hes covered in foreign slime cost you your complaint card!
You disappoint, Senator. On many levels. You disappoint.
Like Flynn? Or 3 more in this Adminstration? Or like what because right now you live in a glass house... and you support a racist.
Still looking for a foe to unite your base? The election is over.
Yup
@GOP  no spine to impeach a true racist president. Last night Donald trump showed his true color.
@POTUS took a dump and wiped his rearend with the Constitution of the United States last night in pardoning joe the racist sheriff.Pathetic
Get off this crap!! I came to ur page to read what ur saying about #hurricaneharvey!! Seriously?!!Kinda more important to us than HRC!!!
Oh FFS. Turn right oh blind one.
And when Congress & President represent criminal interest & intent defrauding the American people.
What about Flynn??? Where is your outrage for that vetting?
Are you fucking kidding me??? #Manafort #Flynn #TrumpRussia ffs. Hypocrite
You just can't resist being an a-hole, even in the midst of a hurricane. Your true colors are showing
Your leader (& apparent puppet master) pardoned a total monster, your state (remember us?) is inundated. And you're tweeting about Clinton.
How about when presidents do?
Unless of course it's someone you support.
Your priority tweet this AM is not Cat 4 Harvey slamming your state or even 45 pardoning racist Sheriff Joe while natl disaster in TX?
You have GOT to be kidding with this one. I think you meant to say LAUNDERERS!!!!
Didn't hear you complaining when #45 scrapped the Dodd-Frank rule on oil extraction/payments to foreign governments.
You've got to be kidding.  Look squarely in your GOP mirror and tell me you're just joking with this tweet.
Today would be a good day to investigate @JohnCornyn.
when are they going to be held accountable?
Also, just a reminder (since we're talking about people representing foreign governments): this is Republicans handing secrets to Russia.
It's been a regular revolving door made possible by the GOP not passing the bill preventing this.
