Finally??? Trump still has 100s of vacancies that have no nominees. So who's dragging their feet?
Well we can't blame Trump entirely. There aren't many qualified people who are willing to be part of the Trump regime.
It's  NOT even t TRUMP 'regime'.  It's dealing with LIFER- Politicians who are all obstructing moving Govt MORE in the hands of the People.
Do we really want to have people running the govt that aren't experienced or particularly competent?
Most people who getup in front of others (to get elected) are competent.  Prob is that we dont have enough that Stand Up. Ther4 we get Nanci
Plus Trump vetos a lot of people because they criticized him during the campaign. Trump just wants yes men and sycophants
I actually used to have respect for you @JohnCornyn, but you are now just another hypocritical Trump parrot, putting party over USA & TX 
Join the club
Dude! Wasn't it your party leader that spent WAY too much time trying to repeal Obama care instead of confirming candidates?
Where is the Merrick Garland nomination? Oh, he never got a hearing.
You know how ridiculous it is to tweet about partisan obstruction when that's all ya'll did for 8 years. Don't you?
Stop lying. R's control the nomination process, the lazy president whose boots you lick hasn't even nominated people for most positions.
Do me a big favor. GET OUT OF MY STATE!
Jesus Christ. You have the majority. It's not their fault you can't get anything done.
Is Steve Miller your son?  2020 arse
Can u stop playing the blame game...blame your commander in chief for being in bed with russia,cuz u guys don't have the stones to push back
You know, you wouldn't have needed to confirm a new FBI director if King Trump hadn't canned the last one. That wasn't the Dems...
Come home to Texas and stay, John. You don't seem very busy in D.C., and we need you to help monitor bathrooms for correct gender usage.
Shit, you know about dragging your feet, Garland sound familiar?  Your GOP had to cheat-DEM's didn't because they have integrity and respect
@JohnCornyn once again, reaching across to aisle...

to blame the Democrats.

And you whine about the Dems not wanting to work with you?
Oh for god's sake, do you even listen to yourself?
Would never have needed a new FBI Director if Comey wasn't fired for investigating Trump/Russia..stick to the facts senator. Town hall soon?
I believe Comey was fired for not publicly stating Trump was never under investigation and calling the Lynch, B Clunton meeting a matter!
#MerrickGarland
What? R u pissed because the Ds wanted 2 make sure they werent russian operatives or foreign agents. John, really, sometime u r just full of
Based on the track record of Trump's nominees so far, (FLYNN, etc.) I'd say you guys are moving TOO FAST in rubberstamping these requests.
You're a little too old for finger pointing and gibberish.
U did same to Obama ! How does it feel?
Your party controls the schedule and can appoint nominees without any Dem votes. Why push false, divisive narratives like this, Senator?
Ditto
How about the truth? 45 was too busy tweeting to nominate anyone to fill those positions.
You definitely know foot dragging when you see it.. and so do we

Hypocrite.  You blame dems and you have all the control.  Disgusting.  Can't wait to vote you out.
That's what y'all did for eight years.
STOP complaining. You drug your feet for a year and did nothing to confirm Mr Obama's nominee for Supreme Court.
Wrong again, look at the stats
it had nothing to do with the #orangeidiot not having good nominees vetted & ready. Just like past 8 years, whine & blame dems.
Did a democrat steal your girlfriend in high school or something?  You're such a sad and petty man.
You see, John, you're a part of the problem, but you don't even see that, do you?
Wow.  More of the blame game.  Why not come back to TEXAS and get some work done
...or Trump not giving nominees. You know, same difference 
Oh how your memory fails. Republicans have been worse at approving nominees. How about an apology to Merrick Garland?
We teach our children not to whine. Wish u wouldn't either.

Liar.
Please get the State Department noms confirmed Rex Tillerson is alone and needs help.
I wouldn't continue to blame the Dems for everything. Trump & team are clearly responsible for all that's happening. Still can't grasp that
How do comments like these move the nation closer to bipartisan action?
Rep. Have the votes stop lying.
@JohnCornyn shall we review how long it took to confirm many Obama nominees. Some of them took years. This has to be less than six months.
suppport POTUS Trump on immigration law enforcement and immigration law reform...voters will be ok w waiting till 2019 for hcare and taxes
How's that confirmation process for Judge Merrick Garland going?
work on appointing federal judiciary with constitutional conservative judges....wait till 2019 to get super majority for hcare and taxes...
Right? It's better to make poor, snap, regrettable decisions. Good thinking! Talk about PARTISAN - how'd the D'a do that on their own? Liar!
We sure hope Texans vote him out of office.
So tell Americans, how many people have been nominated vs. how many open positions since January 20, 2017? TELL THE WHOLE STORY!!!
...then again you cannot confirm what has not been nominated #comeonnow #partyovercountry #nointegrity
SHAME ON REPUBLICANS for being completely incompetent in dealing w/Democrats who are in MINORITY!
If Rs weren't bogging the senate down with healthcare & Russia, maybe things wouldve moved more quickly
Many of your constituents will always see you and Trump as joined at the hip.
Bullshi*! The R's deserve every single frigging moment of foot dragging that the Ds provide!! Merrick Garland Johnny....you supreme jackass!
Oh, so you're not partisan one bit, are you? Such hypocrites! We don't forget Mitch "We will make him a one-term president" McConnell.
You Sir are absolutely the worst.  Such a huge hypocrite that totally ignores his constituents. I wish you were up for re-election.
Nope. Extreme vetting.
You'all did this to Obama as well.  You have been part of the problem, and remain part of the problem, party>country
Blame Dems if you want.  It only  widen the road between us. Can you try to look at all of your constituents? Blue homeowners pay taxes too.
I can't remember the last time you tweeted something positive about what you are doing. It's all buried amongst the trashy tweets #growup
Merit Garland........
Senator, with all due respect, "pot-kettle ".
Oh yeah, it's not the fact that you were locked in a closet with old white dudes trying to kill people with your "healthcare"
Snowflake @JohnCornyn is out balling his eyes out again. Crying and blaming all his failures on Senate Ds. #FlipTheHouse
Wow. How does Trumps colon look? When do you start working for the people of Texas?
Almost as if these votes got paid for by Mc Cain and others failing to fulfill the promise made to us. Trust me we will remember in primary

Trump has nominated lowest number of appointees @ this point of presidency of any POTUS. Part of Brannon's plan 2 destroy govt
What is your opinion of new FBI DIRECTOR????
Maybe y'all shouldn't have been so shitty when Obama was president and we'd be willing to help.
And we've lost count how many X you've dragged yr feet over democratic confirmations. You're the biggest hypocrite in Texas short of Abbott.
Merrick Garland
False narrative.  GOP controls senate.  Stop being so partisan.  Country wants bipartisanship.
So, why don't you change the rules?
Senator, bless you for standing up to Mik Mulvaney. Brilliant statement. Sen sets its own priorities. Sep of powers. Again, much praise to u
Don't appreciate statement re partisanship-lots of blame to go around. But think new director will be superb.
meanwhile while GOP blames everyone but their circus clown acting as POTUS
One moment you tout bipartisanship, the next you're pointing fingers and whining. Decide who you are and what you stand for!
Again with the partisan BS.  Stop being part of the problem and start being part of the solution.
Please step down,another worthless republican politician
Do you remember Obama's presidency and how your boss, @SenateMajLdr blocked everything?
You're welcome.
Really?  You do realize that POTUS didn't nominate folk for a loooong time!
You have absolutely NO PLACE to be talking about obstruction.
Sorry you are not fooling anybody with this tweet. How many openings have not had a nominee by .@realDonaldTrump ?
Most of your posts r appalling hypocrisy. So bad that, at this point, since i don't ever see Cornyn mega fans here, I think u do it for fun.

In meantime need to look for new US Coast Guard commandant - incumbent @ADMZukunft is publicly declaring he's committing act of insurrection
You are CLASSIC! Classic partisan manipulator... now why did we need a new FBI chief again?
The level of your hypocrisy is amazing.
You simply suck.
How do you sleep at night knowing you spew so much BS on a daily basis? As your constituent, I grow more embarrassed by you daily.
Please. Which party refused to confirm Merrick Garland? Bless your heart.
If you were better at your job this wouldn't happen. Sad! Low energy whip!
They must have been paying attention while Merrick Garland and scores of federal judge appointees twiddled their thumbs for 8 yrs.
18 months later I'm still waiting on Merrick Garland.
Let's go over this one more time. Republicans are the majority. You cannot blame the Democrats for diddly. Sucks to be you, huh
Why do you even use Twitter? You never come up roses...
Haha. Alternative facts
Let's discuss Merrick Garland.
I'm a constituent. I hope you work with Democrats, as opposed to your regular missives about how partisan they are. Work together, please.
Stop bitching and start governing.
You've spun this to such an extreme, Senator, its turned into a lie. Start working for the country, not Trump, not GOP. Why is this so hard?
No. New FBI Dir was only just nominated. For every 8 nominees there r 75+ more empty w/ NO nominees. Stop spinning @POTUS laziness. #NOSPIN
You are seriously complaining about stalling appointments? This pales in comparison to what the GOP did to Merrick Garland.
Why is it always somebody else's fault you and the GOP can't handle your business? Take some credit for your failures. It is all you got.
Oh like Merritt Garland nomination???
You're telling it OUT of context - I shouldn't be surprised.  We do NOT want tax reform for the rich.  We want max number of people covered.
Eight years of obstruction of anything Pres. Obama was behind, capped off by Merrick Garland. Not concerned if 45's actions are stalled.
By the way, 45 is a disgrace to this country, and you are carrying water for him
Hasn't there been a problem w these people clearing the ethics office ? The ones who questioned their ethics have resigned. That's why.
And we needed a new FBI Director why?
Amazing hypocrisy from the obstructionist party during Obama administration.
Seriously? Prez didn't nominate people.
Does the other guy always need to be blamed?  What responsibility are you willing to accept?  Grow up children.   This is a dangerous world.
The FBI director was an EXTREMELY precarious vote, after your president fired the previous to obstruct justice. DT lacks nominees.....
Everyone knows you want McConnell's position. Guess you will be just as terrible. Texas deserves a real senator, not you. #kakistocracy
Well isn't this a partisan statement.

Oh come on John. After 7 years to rewrite the ACA, the GOP failed. Pot and kettle here.
Mr. Cornyn, Have you read the recent book and interviews by @JeffFlake ?   Encouraged by his thinking for R's.
Bet you're regretting this stupid tweet now dope!!

How about trump dominate people that are not mired in controversy and conflicts of interest
This from the party that blocked all Obamas nominees. What is it with you guys? You have memory issues?!

On the sanctions bill, rumor is that DJT will pocket veto when Congress n recess. We expect Congress to whip override veto faster than Flash
It appears to be signed now!
LIAR.
Stop blaming Democrats for your & Prez & party's failures
MERRICK GARLAND you hypocrite
JC, I don't know if these are your personal tweets or staff, but the tone is not conducive to bipartisanship. Other comments so reason.
You wish...so PATHETIC....REMEMBER GARLAND. Jesus, I swear John...by the day you get worse.
Oh quit your cryin if they copied the GOP playbook...imitation sincerest form of flattery
The new @GOP strategy: blame Dems for their own failures and bad decisions. You're a joke. Where are the statesmen?
And just because everyone should hear this. Enjoy a clip from @PodSaveAmerica that best reflects what your constituents think of you.
You like the D, I see.
[ctrl-v] Merrrick Garland
[ctrl-v] Merrick Garland
[ctrl-v] Merrick Garland
[ctrl-v]
[ctrl-v]
[ctrl-v]
[ctrl-v]
[ctrl-v]
[ctrl-v]
What does Trump have on you? It must be big for you to be this ridiculous.
A) confirmation is a simple majority - R's control, Ds can't stop you. B) After 8 years of R obstruction, you're a hypocrite.
???? What??? You have a majority. Even if every Dem votes against a Nominee you can still confirm. See: the unqualified Sec of Ed.
@JohnCornyn you have been working in nothing but a partisan way with healthcare, so you have no right to say one word! Shame on you!
U wear hypocrisy and lying so well #cornygoals
Well better than 45. At least ur suit is the right size.
No one believes you. Besides we all know Trump plans dismantling the admin. state. You and GOP supporting him and Bannon. Be ashamed.
Yea can't believe the Democrats fired James Comey. So partisan of them.
Trump is obviously incompetent so it's really unfair of Democrats to hold him to any kind of standard.
Stop making excuses & blaming Dems. Your folks have the House & Senate & STILL can't get anything done, so maybe, just MAYBE, it's you. 3/3
Please just resign, John. You can't whip your way out of a wet paper bag and spend all day whining on Twitter. We deserve better.
Why has @realDonaldTrump @POTUS not signed the Russian sanctions bill?
Oh, by the way.  You are supporting a narrative from @realDonaldTrump who lies about phone calls from the President of Mexico and the BSA
Stop it with the whining. You wasted all your political capital on a half baked HC bill and protecting an incompetent @POTUS
How does it feel now that the shoe is on the other foot?  All of you get over it and start acting like adults.  This country is tired of it.
Chill @JohnCornyn you do realize you have the majority in the senate right? Yall just reall suck at governing.
Stand behind our President
Also, False. The only priority before the Senate was repeal/replace ACA. Your partisan blame about partisanship is hilarious, though.
"partisan foot dragging" <headdesk>
Majority knuckle dragging
Merrick Garland but sure more negative spins from a horrible rep. Texas deserves better.
Like how Republicans did with Merrick Garland?
Hey, how's Merrick Garland doing?
You lie so much. There's a nickname for you with your ridiculous Twitter posts - have you heard it?  Makes Ds lol.
And we should have confidence in you why - Because you are a champion partisan foot dragger.  Johnny, your hypocrisy is showing.
They're probably bad dancers, too.
You don't think the delays had anything to do with a closed door Republican only committee working unilaterally on health care do you?
Why exactly did we need a new FBI director? I forget which lies were peddled by Spicey, Huckleberry, & The Mooch.
A WHOLE 8 DOD noms? Ask your @POTUS when he plans on filling the 100's of vacancies. Maybe he should focus on hiring and not firing. 2/
Congrats. Senate Dems are looking really bad during all their childish antics. When they say they want to help I don't trust them.
It would be a much better state of the country if you hadn't backed a celebrity wanna be with less qualifications than my door stop!
You are so tiresome.
Quit whining!
We're done with this, John. We're done with your hypocrisy, done with with your partisanship, done with finger-pointing. Done with you.
Look, you are a United States senator. You are  (for better or worse) one of a small group of people who can make real, tangible change.
Blame, Blame,  Blame. Us against them. Great way to work thru legislation.
Best not to cast stones when you're standing in a glass house. FBI Director was confirmed because the old one was wrongfully FIRED. 1/
Dems are not in control! Time Republicans take charge and do what we elected them to do! You get 73% subsidy from us for your OC ... ENOUGH!
You sh!t the bed, enjoy!
How do just repeat this nonsense?
Do you mean like the foot dragging that happened with Merrick Garland?  And why are we in this situation? @JohnCornyn
Shut up. How many positions have NO nomination, John? Christ, you are a hack.
Tell it like it is @ToniTagliarino
MERRICK GARLAND. CASSANDRA BUTTS. DC CIRCUIT NOMINEES UNDER OBAMA. I could go on, but you remember as you were part of the OBSTRUCTION 
In case your dementia is flaring.
Fingerpointing...and distraction from real issues...the most childish forms of leadership and governing. bravo. This constituent is proud.
Well if that isn't the pot calling the kettle Merrick Garland
Oh! Wow! A word out of the mouth of my senator! Marking this day down on my calendar. #Speak #TakeTheLead #Represent #IExpectMore
