Congrats for creating a problem and then offering to "rescue" people. Bully politics.
Obama created the failed Health system. It's unaffordable unless your being subsidized by the government or an employer.
I am proof that is not true. If the @gop wanted to fix they could have.
When the new plan gets approved you will have Healthcare choices and not mandates. Imagine you get to Keep Your Doctor and Keep Your Plan
New House healthcare plan would be worst disaster in recent history. I read it: worse than bad. Bankrupt most participants, kill the rest.
Of course, that's what Deplorables want. That they will go down too is concept they are too dumb to see. They vote emotions, not brains.
Emotions? I want Health care how is that being dumb or emotional?
So write or call your Senators, tell them the House version is not acceptable. Write one that won't drive everyone but the rich broke!
This is a lie. Obamacare is NOT in a "death spiral" at all.  In fact, most analysts say marketplaces have stabilized.  Total fabrication.
They aren't paying for anything! We need something done before a lot more people die or homeless cuz they r sick
Not sure of your point.  Obamacare gave 24M new people health insurance who had NONE.  Lowered rate of cost growth. GOP bill takes it AWAY.
those 24M people should go get jobs and BUY their ins, not expect it for free. Those are Medicaid reductions.
You're totally incorrect on every point. Sad that you're so low-info. You think the 24M were all unemployed??? You're totally ignorant.
So much for dialogue. As usual, just resort to insults when an opposing view comes along. 
Again, you have NOTHING to contradict facts. Obamacare cut rate of premium increase in HALF and insured 24M new people, you ignorant clown.
It's hard to argue facts with ignorant, tea-bagging hicks such as yourself. Go finish high school.
#KellyanneConwayhatestrump
A mission to put in a program to #killthepoor #killtheelderly #killwomen #killchildren #killthesick
@TallDonATL @SpeakerRyan Well, yes to all except women. They need women locked up at home having babies. That's all they value them for.
Their "barefoot & pregnant" is gonna flop since pregnancy is now a pre-existing condition & childbirth costs predicted to rise 425%. Oops.
So, without invasive and abhorrent family size laws, like China, do it by empowering women. Feminists win and so does the economy!
please stop spouting lies and pretending you're the savior of the American people. You are a snake.
You caused the disaster that requires a rescue. No immediacy in reworking healthcare until @realDonaldTrumphad had to distract from #Russia
Come on Paul Ryan, quit selling your soul!
Lol!!! Oh my god, when are you up for re-election? People of Wisconsin, I implore you...
Well when you have done everything in your power to ensure failure of the ACA, it will be doomed to fail. Thanks very much.
Their leaving is partly your fault
You are aligning yourself with a madman. You will go down with him
Paul Ryan and John Cornyn are not the great saviors of healthcare
#healthcareisaright not a product. If it's a product be honest. Independent investigation into Trump/Russia Now
ANOTHER LIE. 
You people make me sick to my core. Just because you hated President Obama, you rare robbing MILLIONS of Americans of their healthcare. F u
Thank God you never became VP. You had 7 yrs to come up with a better plan-can't believe you are able to keep a straight face.
Don't worry Paul, the Democrats will fix your mess when we take back the Senate and House in '18.
THEY BROKE IT TO BEGIN WITH! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?? I personally have had the brunt of the UNaffordable care act.
#paulryanextremelycareless
17 @GOP STATES REFUSING #OBAMACARE; KILLING THEIR CITIZENS JUST TO SABOTAGE THE ACA.
Eliminate Congress' Health Plan & Benefits Now! They can get healthcare from the free & open great health markets in the US.
BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS BS
The rescue mission is from the republicans greed, and hateful behavior.
if you had spent the money you have spent fixing the problems rather than repealing it we wouldn't have any issues.#cruel
Medicare for all!
Nothing wrong with Obamacare for the people only for politicians
It is all in Paul Ryans demented head.
Yes, nice job gutting Obamacare so you could hold a victory lap for your very bad replacement option.  Tax cut disguised as a health plan.
@PRINCETONAVES @SpeakerRyan And they never learn. Tax cuts for the rich and deregulation always tanks the market soon after. INCOMING!
Time for single payer system. Get rid of insurance companies and their profits.
#prison #Treason #trump'smadnessinvitesmutiny
Or I suppose you could have let Ocare implode / do nothing like the Dems are doing. Folks will never be happy. Keep to MSM.
plz rescue me from free preventive birth control, free mental health appointments, care for my mom with a #PreexistingCondition
You can save the ACA and make it work as it is meant to by capping the SOURCE of insurance cost! Medicare-allowable-style! It's COMMON SENSE
You want to make healthcare available to all affordably? Obviously, the market can't be trusted to do it. We tried that for a long time!
Finally a healthcare plan without government mandates and individual choice. The ability to Keep Your Plan and Keep Your Doctor. #MAGA
But seriously, if you leave 24 million uninsured and thousands dying as a consequence every year, what kind of "rescue" is it? #StopAHCA
More DNC #fakenews with prior plan scoring from a CBO that got the ACA so wrong. Like we believe the accuracy of any of their estimates.
Not true @speakerRyan. You have been doing all you can to stop ppl from accessing care. You are going to create more poverty and misery
You are not a hero.
Killing your constituents by denying the healthcare you so generously appointed for yourselves? Shame on you. Fix it for all. Not partisan.
Yes, a rescue mission to restore the ongoing destruction of having millions of Americans insured, and better health outcomes.
Call all 100 #Senators 202-224-3121 INSIST #SaveOBAMACARE! #aca

#Progressive #UniteBlue #Science #Obamacare #TheResistance #DemForce #rt
#Complicit
Stop lying
@JohnCornyn bullshit
learning how to be a lying conman like your mentor Donnie @realDonaldTrump granny over the cliff  #Trumpcare #agetax #RussiaGate
Only because GOP has made it a "rescue" mission by sabotaging the ACA...
SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP........whew!
Rescue the wealthy from taxes? Bravo, brave Christians.
Many doctors including me @aafp @AmerMedicalAssn @AAPexperieNCE disagree with you #NoTrumpCare
Seriously- this bill is still an abuse. Take more of a leader roll and check your president!
hope you are not a part of the death spiral.
since you guys want to regulate my body, thought you should learn something about it.
Says the Senator who received almost $900K in contributions from the health industry during his last campaign.
How about we rescue America first? 
By uninspiring our seniors
Spin it , kid!
Son with Autism. Has a good plan with BCBS. Dont screw it up for us.
Bunch of Rep congressman who only answer to the rich people who bought them have brought us to this moment. Good luck on re election
You seem to think if you keep ceaselessly repeating the same lies over and over and over that it will brainwash people into believing them.
You are fooling exactly no one. And now you support the firing of Comey. You have put self and party over honor and country. #traitor #2018
The general public no longer believes you nor the GOP, tweets like this being a case in point.  #deadinsenate
Charlie Munger says single-payer healthcare is the answer 2  nation’s healthcare. A longstanding Republican the Berkshire Hathaway

By killing more people?
Don't try to blame Obama care for your stupidity!! Your a racist that has his head up Trumps butt!!
And here's what you said WAY WAY WAY WAY WAY
back in 2016 so please forgive us for thinking you politicians are full of crap
You pushed a monstrous bill thru the house, & expect the grownups in the Senate to fix it. You're no leader, & you don't know how to govern.
Here's YOU in 2012

I know, I know, I know --- It's been SUCH A LONG TIME AGO
You probably forgot - but I doubt it

@SpeakerRyan
Now who's fault is that? The @GOP that's who.
The insurance comapanies are the problem here noy obamacare its u corrupt fucks who are puppets for your corporate masters thats the problem
Let it collapse and open the market across state lines. Insurance companies can sell what they used to n there will b choices.
Rescue people by taking away their healthcare?  Anything else you want to 'rescue'?
Only because trump/bannon sabotaged ACA on 012017 in trump's 1st few issued Executive Orders. Insurers predicted a profit in 2018!
Lying fool . U should be prosecuted for that bill & photo op. U act like it was actually passed. Get real.
GOP has cut ACA reimbursement funding, and mandate for the healthy to help the sick. Of COURSE ins's are going to pull out of the markets...
Such bs they want to provide little to no coverage and max their profits by not covering the sick and killing people off. AHA is working
After all your efforts to sabotage it! Go figure!
How about repairing Obamacare AS THE PEOPLE WANT! OR IS IT JUST THE NAME YOU WANT TO ERASE WHICH SPEAKS VOLUMES OF YOUR LOW CHARACTER! #2018
So VERYobvious GOP members rallied prior2 Yates hearing 2decide WHO wld B responsible 2 ask/say Absurdity & 'Party over Country' tactics.
Republicans are the DEATH SPIRAL. Nice try, though, Paulie. #Republicare #Trumpcare
You call that a rescue
$880Bn taken away from the poorest Americans to give to the rich,bankrupt states with medicaid caps. You are no more than a social terrorist
Unbelievable can't bullshit the the people! which you screwed with this bill you passed. Just to get a win. taking care  of the rich!
Self fulfilling prophecy, nothing more.
The 4 D's of mainstream Republican strategy:
Divert, Deflect, Deceive, Distract
You can't count Aetna leaving Iowa as "multiple insurers"...
That's only because dead people can't vote.  Wisconsin needs to stay alive long enough to fire you and repeal your healthcare.
#ACA not collapsing! You are creating uncertainty, which is raising premiums & making insurance companies pull out!
Your rescue, so far, consists in closing me out of the insurance market. Snatching a life preserver away is the opposite of rescue.
Now there is a great point! Let us flush the insurers and bypass them
The thing about older people is WE VOTE. When our insurance goes up, which it certainly will under this plan, the @gop will lose elections.
You will all be held accountable for #trumpcare. How do you think the next elections will go after 24 million lose their health care?
Think it'd be kind of stupid to ask for help from the person who fought to destabilize the #ACA from day 1.
Do you think you wear a cape now? You can't get an inch of the ground ...
As you ignored it for 7 years. Did nothing to improve it. On purpose. We know you don't care. And it will be proven out in history.
Everyone can see @realDonaldTrump & #CorruptGOP are deliberately trying to destroy #Obamacare. #TrumpcareIsAHateCrime #LyinRyan
You can't sabotage something and use its failure to justify your actions. Like begging for a new house after setting fire to the old one.
GOP - now more than ever, the party of stupid
The insurance companies are grateful I'm sure.
Wow, URE such a dreamy hero for the  ppl. How can we ever repay U?!? I know, sign U up for the AHCA. No pre/conditions in ur fam, right?
No you are trying to price people out of affording insurance if they have pre existing conditions
ACA can be fixed. Majority of Americans like ACA. 17% like yours, yet you persist. We will resist.
#RussiaGOP 
@GOP @Cabinet @VP @POTUS @USAGSessions INVITED RUSSIAN SPIES N2 2016 ELECTION. PRE-MEDITATED TREASON. 
#trumprussia #trumpgang
You better get your bill cleaned up! Pre-existing coverage, Medicaid, no harm to Seniors! Otherwise voters will say, Adios!
but you kept all the gov run socialized medicine
Isn't It Abt Time r Insurance Companies r Penalized 4 Exiting R American Ppl n Leaving Them Out In The Cold With No Good Deductibles SMH
No one is buying this story. Fear seems to run your party's message.
Only in your mind you keep trying to make it fail 24 million lose health 2018 midterm talking cry
@SenateDems @SenateGOP on  @SenateFloor broke public @ACA healthcare by removing the much needed #RiskCorridors.
Give us preexisting and keep max out of pocket!
BECAUSE BILLIONAIRES NOT HEALTHCARE!
Your's is the party of selfishness   John Dean was so right, you're party (w/ some exceptions) has no conscience. #TheResistance
Like the kid who kills his parents then wants sympathy bcz he's an orphan, you sabotage ACA then say it's proof it doesn't wk. Disgusting.
#RussiaGOP INDICT @GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @USAGSessions @Reince @Cabinet Tillerson Ross @VP @POTUS GRAFT TREASON #trumprussia
Which you will not do because that's not what the Koch brothers want.They want ACA, medicaid, medicare, social security gone.
ACA is only in trouble in states that undermined the program from the beginning. #TrumpLies  You should be working to fix it not repeal it

Like arsonists who set blaze and then pull alarm, WH &  House @GOP are promoting collapse of exchanges by creating doubt about subsidies.
Another reason to get rid of insurance companies.
"...and with our brilliant new rescue plan we simply need to let 24 million people go down with the ship!"
Indeed.  Rescue the wealthy from taxes while allowing States to determine who dies from lack of Healthcare!  How silly  #FailingSpeaker.
Can't wait to see video of your next Town Hall.

Clapper: "to me the transcendent issue here is Russian interference in our elections," calls unmasking & other issues "ancillary"
#GopIsTheNewIsis lie every time they open their mouths! Their Golden Rule: screw the little people 2 enrich the greedy!
Pathetic
Liar
What a total load of horseshit. Not fooling anyone. #SAVEACA
Maybe you and Marco Rubio should put the risk corridors back into the ACA. This is what destabilized it in the first place. America knows.
The ACA is not the solution. It will kill Americans. Single Payer Insurance is the solution.
Oh, so now you're a hero? Your hypocrisy apparently has no limit.
Just make sure more people are covered not less.
fake news ryan
@JohnCornyn and the @GOP can't stand that Obama gave millions of Americans health insurance. Sabotage is all they can do. All boughtbygreed
But who's gonna rescue YOU, @speakerRyan? Caught on tape at RNC w/Kislyak agreeing to take dark Russian funds into your campaign.
You keep telling yourself that.  We know what this is it's a tax- break for the super rich. #OurRevolution #2018midterms
They R leaving cause of what U & the LIAR R doing. But heck with either of U & the oaths U both took when sworn in. Both R killing Americans
Apparently pro life only applies to in utero life. Because letting insurers deny coverage to kids with cancer is apparently ok.

That's really funny. You're rescuing pole by losing 24M Americans off healthcare!?! Fool
@JohnCornyn No need r any of this IF lazy, dishonest Congress had helped with the ACA.
I'm going to puke. You've got to stop this bullshit.
These are the healthcare experts opposed to your "Rescue Mission". They are urging you to listen to them.
I wish you would leave the marketplace

You work so hard to hurt Americans as you forward your population control plan. The rescue mission America needs is to ban you from politics
