And your point is?
You mean Merrick Garland?
What's your point "ALVIN" are you a chipmunk or something?what kind of argument is in a last name? Sit down now, there are grown ups talking
Here is my solution.  Get a real moderate with integrity  who's not a Koch puppet nominee.  Let's all be adults here.
He and his record are flawless and deserving.
The D's get it.  He will rule according to the Constitution - not the D's agenda.  No wonder they don't like him! Go "nuclear"!
Got your Gorsuch email. You say: "The reality is there is no intellectually honest argument against Judge Gorsuch."
Seems like you may be the one being intellectually dishonest here.
The Senate @GOP acted improperly and in violation of its constitutionally defined role to steal this nomination.
that is not something to be proud of
Well, at least the Democrats are doing their job!  You could learn from them.  #PayAttention!
Welcome him with open arms. He is a good and just man who will honor the law as good or better than anyone else and you all know it!
dumb dems
So, when is YOUR town hall? Do you realize you represent ALL of your constituents? Some of us are independent or @DNC
Don't go Nuclear.Think about it #Proposal #PatriotsNeeded #delayGorsuchVote until #investigation #russiagate #taxReturns #whatDoYouHave2lose
No D support, thank god! They are the only adults in the room!
And Garland...how quick you are to forget....
history will show you are wrong and you will be the death of the effectiveness of the senate if you eliminate the filibuster
I'd like you to come to my classroom for a lesson in honesty and collaboration. A mini town hall of sorts. #cornynjokeoftheday
I'm your constituent and I do not support using the nuclear option! Gorsuch puts corporations before people! #78749
Merrick Garland
No sir! Gorsuch is NOT  a good choice! Not ever!
If only u cared about actual issues that are immediately impacting ur state more than those impacting ur partisan agenda #disappointment
merrick garland
maybe you should be working together to get a good nominee more can agree on. this is despicable. you are despicable.
Barely
You're a disgrace and your 'R' party will be remembered by pushing through a SCOTUS by a President under FBI investigation.
No nuclear option! Play by the rules! And #IndependentCommission now. The truth is in everyone's best interest, right?
11-9 Straight down party lines. You're ridiculous!
Merrick Garland
Also, please fix your fax. You seem to be wasting my tax dollars again trying to avoid our calls/faxes/emails/townhall requests. #Shame 
Gorsuch's name evokes vomit. Do better than that for a lifetime appointment. Maybe something that evokes a winter holiday? #MerrickGarland
Your constituents don't want him. #MerrickGarland had no support. How soon you forget. We have not forgot. #stoplying
Re: CNN Editorial 'Dems wrong to block vote on Gorsuch', did you oppose Rep action (read: inaction) on Garland? Integrity matters.
There was no R support for Merrick Garland when @BarackObama nominated him even though you said you liked him before #hypocrite
How can you vote for this judge who is on the side of corporations & against women, workers & the disabled? Gorsuch is unfit for SCOTUS
tried to take away health insurance from millions, & are now whining abt Gorsuch after y'all were heinous to Garland. Not impressed, John.
us or themselves, enabled hunters to kill hibernating bears & wolves, obstructed low income & rural women's access to preventative care..
When are you gonna start working for Texans? Thus far you've: sold our Internet privacy, enabled the severely mentally ill to buy guns to
please confirm Gorsuch! I am from AR but originally from Victoria Tx #confirmGorsuch
mr. cornyn, it's politicians such as you that truly breed divisiveness. you are what makes dem's dislike rep's. a good man you are not.
Dear Sir, if you need to do filibuster, 1 Republican is all it will take - just keep talking about Russia's connections with HRC.
John you are handing the USA over to a dictator and his children because your family will get millions for generations.  Prove me wrong.
if the Dems were smart they'd vote 2 confirm.  He's a good candidate.  Can yoU imagine what criminal Trump might drag out next ?
The hearing by Dems was more than #Garland got from Reps
so?
If the person who nominated him is under federal investigation for treason, then there should not be a vote to confirm him.
John, GOP cannot keep being the opposition party. You guys need to learn how to govern. Learn how to reach across the aisle. #noprobenorobe
#noprobenorobe
That at least have him a hearing which is more than you did for Garland. Don't expect Dems to help you dismantle democracy.
No deals with dems.
Merrick Garland. Ur hypocrisy is showing w/ all this whining.
Oh wel! Merrick Garland is all D remembers...Do You?!Merrick Garland was nominated by a Legitimate President   #dontgettrumped  #fakepres
Garland never had a vote.
6 Justices seated in Election Years GOP highjacked Garland's nom & now crying foul? Gorsuch is anti-women & anti-employees #weobject #resist
Still waiting for Garland hearings.   Still waiting for indie investigation into Russian ties with Trump & crew.
Rank hypocrisy&misplaced indignation. Garland WASN'T EVEN GIVEN a HEARING in EIGHT MONTHS that EFFECTIVELY was a REPUBLICAN FILIBUSTER, sir
What do you expect? You broke the system when you refused to give Judge Garland a hearing.
He has plenty of dick support; you're backing him #MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
Gorsuch is a right wing extremist. If he weren't, those right wing groups wouldn't have spent tens of millions pushing him on us.
The man is an "originalist" and inflexible. I say he's a NO. Being conservative doesn't mean 1776 interpretations
Wonder why? Maybe becuz U stole the seat ...U think maybe !!! U stoles the seat  U stoled the seat  U stole the seat  U stole the seat 
Merrick Garland
Liberal cry babies
Libs resists. We resist them.
John Cornyn-Out in 2020. How will repubs do after collusion with Russia is proven? Ready to see someone who make RBG look like Alito?
Can you not remember as far back as last year?  We can.  Merrick Garland.  YOU DID THIS, SENATOR!
Merrick Garland??? R support???
Why would you support his nomination due to his views on women Senator?  He prioritized corporate interests over access to basic healthcare
#MerrickGarland
Release trumps taxes to an independent investigation of Russia's influence on this administration
Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland
Garland Garland Garland. Speaking of a favorable candidate with no support from one particular petulant party.
Who fucking cares this much besides you?  This is all you ever focus on.
Guess the @SenateDems don't support Presidents under investigation for collusion with Russia...  Sad that @SenateGOP does, if they're an (R)
Garland Nomination never even interviewed, #frozentrucker @txlege @dallasmorningnews @statesman @HoustonChron @texastribune @tedcruz45 
That is a lie. I just read what happened. Because the Republicans didn't get their way, you r going to attempt yr stupid nuclear option.
Goes to show you are 'party before country'.  Blind support for a Putin-installed Authoritarian POTUS will be your legacy. Sad!
This from the Senator that sold our internet data to a donor base of ~$579k, how much did you get for Gorsuch Vote?
@GOP cheaters.
Another case of GOP amnesia. Remember Garland? #illegitimatepresident #FilibusterGorsuch
And yet he got a vote, you wouldn't give Garland one. Stop playing the victim, your side are the "bad guys" in this chapter of America!
Merrick Garland.
This should be a clue that Judge Gorsuch is not a good candidate.
boy they must really disappointed in you their favorite RINO.
You're such an embarrassment to the lone star state. You know you sound like a 5 year old, right? #corruptcornyn #nogorsuch 
GARLAND!!
Find someone who can get 60 votes, sir.  Harry Reid isn't in office anymore. If there's a rules change it's on you; Americans will remember.
I can't imagine why that would be. The #Republicans were so accommodating during Garland Merrick's confirmation process. #hypocrisy
If you did your job to represent us, you would not confirm gorsuch.
Also the hypocrisy is staggering.  Remember Merrick Garland?  Travesty of justice-literally.
Don't change the rules; change the nominee.  Gorsuch is unqualified.  @SenateDems should filibuster.
#CornyTheDivider
Leadership JC!
Try this next time:
“Today, the Judiciary Committee voted favorably for SCOTUS nomination”
If you break our Senate procedure for one win in the bag, i will not vote for you again
Maybe it's time you reached across the aisle. GOP: holier-than-thou. Dems: saviors of mankind. I think you're ALL acting as children.
Merrick Garland.
And I doubt there will be any.
Shame on you, Cornyn, for backing him!
#2020
Yaay! More corporate purchase of candidates! Yaay, less health care for women, & voting rights for browns. And the LGBTQ still dehumanized.
Freeze frame this tweet when the shoe is on the other foot.
HeyJohn!America's tiring of Rs changing rules when Rs don't get their way.First block Garland (unprecedented)now about to change rules again
nobody with a conscience should support this guy
GOP broke the nom process by refusing to give Garland a hearing. You've sown the wind. The whirlwind will come in 2018.
Merrick Garland. Remember that name buddy. You and the republicons are enemies of the United States.
How about giving Merrick Garland the heating he deserved? He would have gotten 80 votes easy.
How about not crying over Republicans taking the advice of Democrats? Dem advice: No "lame duck" nominees -- use "nuclear option...
How did you feel about Merrick Garland?
I felt like it was a wasted nominee since Dem's had advised for years that there should be no "lame-duck" nominees... :-)
Go D!! FILIBUSTER
Does not mean it will pass in the floor.
You obstructed Garland to steal this seat. Now you're all surprised the Dems don't want to play fair either? #hypocrite
#Hypocrite -- taking the advice of the Dems: No "lame-duck" nominees -- use "nuclear" option when desired ... Now crying foul - #Hypocrite
Yesyesyes!!!
The people of the United States of America, would be hard-pressed to find a more qualified nominee, IMHO.
There is.  His name is Merrick Garland who was nominated bated by a legitimate POTUS.  Gorsuch was nominated by a puppet.
This #BlindHatred is why a big "Thank You" must go out to @SenatorReid - he made the Nuclear Option acceptable! :-)
No SCOTUS nominated by @realDonaldTrump should be considered until investigation by FBI is concluded.
All I can say is I hope he does you some good when the GOP gets charges of collusion of the government for Russia filed against them.
ROFL -- since there is actual evidence of collusion by the DNC, this keeps getting more and more comical! :-)
Repubs=LIARS,OBSTRUCTIONISTS,HISTORY REVISIONISTS, RU OPERATIVES.NO Prz undr criminal invstg gets SCOTUS pick
#MerrickGarland  #StolenSeat
Par for the course, D will never support anything anymore for people.
LOL, like the #PartyofThives ever did work for a solution
You seemed a little quiet on CNN just now.Not the bravado of your buddies w you.Starting to see how much damage you're doing?
this could have been Garland not being forwarded. But cowards that you are, you didn't want the American people to see what you dismissed.
It could have been; but, it wasn't. Rep's followed the advice of Dem's: No "lame-duck" nominees and use nuclear option as desired.
Lame duck period is between election day and inauguration. I see the Constitution doesn't mean as much to u as it does to me. Que Sera sera.
Lol - using duly elected Dem representatives. It is rather difficult to keep up with their ever changing terms, isn't it? :-)
GARLAND WAS "the people's" choice a YEAR AGO!
Thank you for supporting Gorsuch!
the American ppl don't want him
bullshit he's an idealogue who wants to rake woman's rights. It won't fly
So funny! What rights exactly, does Gorsuch want to take from you?
you and your old cronies are gone gone gone. Along with your fraud prez. Gorsuch rulings will always be in ?  Shame
Merrick Garland gets a hearing or no one does
I do believe that is a #FalseNarrative since the "hearing" and confirmation should be over by the end of this week.
Repubs stole that seat. Supreme Court decisions will never be valid again, and no American need abide by them.
ROFL -- you really believe Merrick would have been confirmed by a Republican controlled Senate? Wow... But, go ahead and break the law...
You in no way represent the ppl of Texas!! You are a crooked, self serving politician who cares nothing for the ppl of Texas. #votehimout!
There's a reason for that which seems to be beyond your ability to understand.
GOP hypocrites prepare to destroy Senate norms.
Don't you really mean no support from the "Marxist" Democrats?
No D support? That is an issue. #TheresAPillForThat
#hypoctite
What's a hypoctite.
You,Lee,Cruz,Crap,Sasse,Graham,Kennedy,Flake Grassley,the whole gang were good.dems should be embarassed,franken,feinstein,blumenthal sad
boooooooooooooooooo
so unfair considering all that time y'all gave Merrick Garland
ROFL - can't get past Republicans using recommendations of Democrats, can you? Decades of recommendations from dems for no "lame-duck"...
John, John, John... How's that town hall planning going for you these days? Focus, John. You're still sounding petty.
The nomination should have zero support from anyone familiar w/the Appointments Clause. #GarlandGoesFirst or it's a #StolenSeat.
@POTUS has yet to issue a public formal statement on the tragedy in Colombia or the terrorist attack in St. Petersburg Russia
So we see what Trump is truly concerned about, it's not the people of America, he's made fools out of us by not issuing statement....
Do any of the Republicans have the integrity to issue a public statement about these tragedies over ego...
obama didn't get to appoint a nominee his last year in office, why should @realDonaldTrump ?
#TrumpRussia
#Justbecauseyouuseahashtag doesn't mean you have any clue about what you're saying.  Idiota.

Merrick Garland was a perfectly qualified nom.
I'm not crying. I'm calling, and donating, and marching, and voting. You're the one whining on Twitter, buttercup. #shillsayswhat
Oh yeah, winning real hard. Obamacare repeal? Hillary locked up yet? NAFTA repealed?

How many lies are you gonna believe?
The GOP scuttling of the Garland nomination _was_ without precedent. It _did_ destroy our nomination system.
