You've had 6 years.
Psssssst. I'm in your district and you've got my vote. Give 'em hell.
If you live in Texas he's in everyone's district brainiac.
Are you making a reference to the ridiculous gerrymandering in TX or are you unaware he is running for TX17 and not the Senate brainiac?
Psssssssst. I'm talking about @ManteyDS and not that hack @JohnCornyn who tweets fake news all day during committee hearings.
He's not writing these tweets. He's got a peon doing it.
Peon? Trump must be involved.
John, seriously, are you serious? ACA is failing because it's not funded. TX didn't take advantage of expanded Medicaid funding.
Arlen's are unstable because Rs are saying they are going to repeal ACA, not fully funding, and have not worked on it for 7 years.
*Markets are unstable. Plus, I cannot see how the retroactive tax breaks for the top 1% are in any way going to stabilize the markets.
This is just greed and a lack of vision on how to make ACA better. It's been 7 years and this is the best y'all can do?
You're not trying to save anyone from anything. Nothing proposed by the House or Senate addresses ANY of the ACA's problems.
What you're trying to do is give a tax break to your rich donors by sacrificing the wellbeing of the most vulnerable Americans.
If you think we don't see what you're doing, you're sorely mistaken. We see you. We know what you're doing. And we all know it's wrong.
Texans know how you abandoned them by not expanding Medicaid.  We see you @JohnCornyn .
Now you have plans designed to toss people into risk pools most will never get access to!
Get active,join the fight @INDIVISIBLE. Support @BetoORourke in midterm to take T.Cruz seat.
John r you saying CBO scored a fake bill? Was it not you as part of GOP ONLY team that drafted that fake bill? John you lie just like trump
Join @INDIVISIBLE Support @BetoORourke in midterm to take T.Cruz seat. Beto will work for you. Go to his fb
What are you saying bozo?
"workingonit?" if Obamacare is so bad but you don't have a replacement yet then where is the urgency to "save Americans?" logic fails you.
The "failures of #Obamacare" are due to the likes of you...dating back to 2015 #sabotage #MarcoRubio #Republicans
Let each state make up their own healthcare plan. Not the federal government.
Spot on. Get Gov out of the health care business. The market would eventually adjust.
Work faster please and listen to @SenTedCruz @tedcruz
Cruz sucks. Beto 2018!
The ACA is not failing, you are. GOP has WH, Senate and Congress, still can't get anything passed. You are the Keystone Cops of governing.
#workingonit should include getting President Trumps appointments approved.
Your not listening!We've been askg you to work improve ACA.Repeal will cost you your career. Consequences,activism will be huge
Huh? Insurance companies made $300 more per person than they spent. More people have insurance. Seems pretty successful to me.
Failures that were put in on purpose so you would have an excuse to drag your feet on any health program that might actually help people.
DOA!

you had 7 years to show leadership.  No women, disabled, poor, activists, or experts.  Just 13 guys telling us what we will do.
Fact #BlackLivesMatter to which you respond - No #AllLivesMatter - how does that argument fit in with you dropping Millions from healthcare?
I don't have insurance. Haven't since obamacare started.
You should get it before it gets worse
so the bill 13 MEN worked on for only 6 weeks is in the garbage pail?  You had 7 years to improve for Americans.  You failed.
What about that thing you guys released a few weeks ago. You know the one panned by the HC industry and polling at less an 20%
Angry get active @INDIVISIBLE .Support @BetoORourke in midtem take Ted Cruz"s seat.Hold those accountable.TRUTH TO POWER
You'd better detach yourself from this horrendous death bill -so much footage of you pushing--Your constituents will heave you out
Repeal ACA with be death for many American like myself with lifethreaten http://pre-exist.You  will be RESPONSIBLE for DEATHS. EVIL
Correction: As you seek to line your pockets with health insurance campaign contributions...
Y'all had SEVEN YEARS to come up with something you liked better and this is the best you can do? Not so good at legislating, are you?
Tell me who the last R that could legislate was. ALEC was born for a reason
So ... what did the CBO analyze? McConnell's golf score?
Join @INDIVISIBLE. Support @BetoORourke take T.Cruz seat in midterm.He will work for all us
Not wealthy/spec intetest
What are you talking about? Of course there is and it is terrible. #22millionlose care. #CBOSCORE!!!
Fix the ACA, which repubs have sabotaged, and add a public option choice. Do it now. Dems will help
Your nose is growing.
Get an FBI director with no ties to Russia
We have seen enough of you in your 15 yrs as senator. Time for some new blood representing Texas. #2020
I'm watching him and all my reps, and you better believe I vote.
You are, and have been, making it worse and not better. Y'all are about the party politics, not the people or the people's health.
Stay until you get healthcare and appointments confirmed.Disappointed in GOP so far.
The ACA works:
ACA failures= Greed of Party (GOP) Listen to your constiuents!  #lookingforwardtomidterms
Some people would be dead now had it not been for Obamacare, jackass.
So the CBO evaluated something at Congress's request that didn't exist?
Your actual plan: save rich Americans
#StillBlamingObama
JUST IN: Study shows ObamaCare markets are "stabilizing," not collapsing
ACA is not a failure. The proposed replacement is a cruel and inhuman disaster. #MedicareForAll
You have 7 years to prepare for this day.  Seven.Years.  Your entire party is an exercise in failure.  Fix the ACA, no need to replace it.
I once thought that @SenTedCruz was the most transparent con man Texas had to offer, but you're really giving him a run for that title.
You really have lost any sense of being honest to your constituents. What did the CBO score?
Well that's interesting considering you were originally planning to vote on it before the holiday break
Where did @SenateMajLdr get #BHCA, the @HouseofCards props department? Cause that would actually explain a lot ... #UnderwoodCare
"bill" or not, it's really a badge of shame that you have pinned on yourself
"Save Americans" from intentional sabotage of ACA and stop pretending a huge tax cut for the richest will somehow fix healthcare. Stop lying
@JohnCornyn you are a loser and you are just chasing money. I'm from Texas and I remember what you DIDN'T do for our Medicaid.
Yeah, 'cause the ones you've come up with so far are real winners.
What's that smell? Your lying pants on fire! #goplies
We the people would do better if you saved us from the @GOP. #notgonnahappen
You're killing not saving.  Rhetoric.
I love Obamacare.  Fix it not replace it.  I vote in TX
Working very hard at taking healthcare away from millions will never be popular - and for good reason John. Because it is simply wrong.
John Cornyn retire bitch
So what are you sending to CBO?  So your willing to have committee hearings?
More like #LyingAboutIt #American1%First
Covering pre existing conditions is not insurance. Don't force ins comp to evade reality.
"Obamacare" hasn't failed. The GOP has failed ... and has been sabotaging it, especially here in Texas. Get those lies out of your mouth.
Why are you so willing to blatantly lie? What did the CBO score then?
Why the hell is this tweet still up? You must adore advertising your stupidity for the world to see. Congrats - you've succeeded.

The ACA would have worked if Republicans had worked with Dems.  Bad job on you.
At the risk of repeating myself... you really are a terrible hypocrite https://twitter.com/johncornyn/sta …
You've had seven years to come up with a fake alternative. This is a clown show. Enjoy your Bud Light and Texas toast.
DON'T remove mandate!  Or young healthy won't participate.     HC BASICS- need largest pool to spread risk! They'll travel instead. LISTEN!
No bill? Working on it? You've been campaigning on this for the better part of a decade, and you have no bill? #Unserious
#FullOfShit
U r an embarrassment 2 Texas & USA. Surely u aren't best TX can send to Senate.
You people are as leftist as they come .. brainwashed..WHO is going to pay for these entitlements?? Your children!

Free markets!!!
You lost the comment:retweet/like ratio pretty BIGLY
You have no respect at all for the intelligence of the American people. Please stop embarrassing yourself.
You do not represent hard working Texans, just large corporate interests. Fix Obamacare!
Joke right? From state with largest number uninsured, with largest maternal mortality after Republicans dismantled women's health ? Shame!
