Flake has got to go!  He has let myself and fellow Arizonans down time and time again.
I'm voting against Cornyn in the primary. I hope other Texans follow.
NO WE DONT
No.  Apparently not when the @SenateGOP @SenateDems are more concerned about their hate for America and our @Potus. Very childish games. 
Dear Texas, please primary @JohnCornyn out of office when he's up for reelection again.
Absolutely
I wasn't open to it before.... now? You bet!
U loved Cronyn?
Loved is a strong word but I have voted for the man. Seemed somewhat sane before today.
Trump has driven everyone to madness 
Believe me, things aren't even close to the #BIGLY level of madness I'm capable of. That I can tell you. #MAGA
Is that a joke?
So thanks for playing ChemTrail Kelli, you have to stay home now.
RINOS protecting each other. Guess what? We are voting out every one of you Rinos that trash our POTUS and don't support his agenda to #MAGA
RINO? They both vote with Trump ALL of the time
Vote with Trump?
He might work well for AZ, but non-Az residents are impacted by his behavior.  Support POTUS or stay home!
No! Not just No but hello NO! We support our POTUS all that don't can find another job. You cave to Dems and get nothing done!
We will work tirelessly to vote out all #TrumpObstructionists It's already begun. You work for us you dipsh*ts,  #TrumpStrong #TrumpAgenda
What we need is for the Republicans in DC to do what they're supposed to do. Support your President and get things done. We're fed up.
We need Republicans who support the President's agenda.  RINOs will face new scrutiny in upcoming elections.  #worstgopcongressinyears
We'll decide who the best fit is John.  Sanctuary senator Flake isn't it!  Ward is.
And when will you stand away from 45?  Seems you are still joined, would be nice to have a senator stand up against 45's BS.
We love 45!!  Leave if you're unhappy!

Better than what's coming out of your mouth!

How does it feel to be a lap dog for McConnell. You keep it up voters don't forget! Retirement coming soon for you.
•
That should be helpful in the process of this dipwad seeking a new job after the Primary.
Not!!
Says one RINO about another RINO.  Both McConnell Yes men.
SEN FLAKE IS JUST THAT...A FLAKE! HE NEEDS TO GO! HE IS INDEED A RINO! VOTE KELLI WARD!
Can't wait for these quisling RINO squishes to get primaried and kicked to the curb. 97% of the Senate is nothing but corrupt. #MAGA
NO TO RINOS!!!
You're insane! Jeff Flake is a rino that needs to be voted out of office.
@JohnCronyn None Of Us Are Well Served By Politicians Who Don't Support Our President@myGianLuca @LouDobbs @seanhannity @LindaSuhler
Amen to that! Certainly have shown true colors since @POTUS Trump inauguration. #MAGA
Cornyn is such a Flake! Can't get rid of that Trump stink!!!
You'll eat those words when DearLeader disses Flake. DJT won't be on prompter at the rally. Be off the rails in 2 minutes flat.
Girl, what is wrong? You ok?
Flake is a phony conservative that can not be trusted!
•
Help Kelli slap his peepee.
And Trump will denounce him at the rally.
UGHHH......Give me a break.   Flake attacking POTUS is what's insane.  Supporting Flake the RINO is outrageous.
Oh John, don't drink the koolaide! Flake is out to undermine our President....... are you?
really what an embarrassment John Cornyn is to State of Texas for making this endorsement.
I now question the vote I cast got you. Birds of a feather....
We need two Arizona conservatives in the Senate. No more RINOS & those in office too long. #Senate
Awww all the old white guys are getting their asses kicked by the white supremacist in the WH
Cornyn, great job repealing Obamacare.
You boys are at the end of your RINO careers.
Of course you do, John Wayne Cornyn. Flakes another #progressive Republican. #dontmesswitharizona
Um no.
Wish you were as concerned about Texas residents.  We need senators that put people before party.
Your endorsement of Flake is exactly why we need an Article V Convention of the States...Term limits, a balanced budget amendment
Senator, you're painting yourself in a corner between angry Libtards & real conservatives. Every RINO like you needs a primary challenger.
You need more RINOs like I need another whole in my head!  What we need are more constitutional conservatives and less wimps!
You have to be kidding- right?  He helps Arizona about as much as you help Texas!!!  Worry about your own seat in 2020!
He is too business focused and does know when he is out gunned on health care and he is not whining about it.
Yes we do.  He is principled like you and presents his preferences well.

Both are Tea Party members. Neither stand up again the party minority or white nationalist like trump. #cowardcornyn #FlakeisaFlake
Yeah right
I think soon, it will be time to start looking towards removal of John Cornnyn, his true color's are really showing lately.
No he doesnt. He is a flake. I immediately regret that joke but decided to comment on the regret instead of deleting it.
We need more people with the backbone to stand up to this complete maniac grifter @POTUS you are definitely rolling over like a beta b*tch
As an AZ voter, I call .  Flake is all hot air & votes to please his donors, not AZ voters
Why don't you tell our Nazi/KKK loving president how great Flake is? He attacks Flake harder than actual anti-American facists. Today's GOP!
Bull shit
You mean you need to maintain 50 votes. Party over country right John.
As a Texan @JohnCornyn is an embarrassment to all non beta males.
Wow!  Good for u as Flake as shown more of a moral compass than Trump has in his life.  Now, please, speak-up against the racism & bigotry 2
Need Flake? As a Democrat or Republican?
Ur time has come and gone to  yn. U will be history next go around RINO
Do not agree with that statement.  He is personally motivated and an anti-trump Republican.

Senator Cornyn, the senate is not your private little country club. Get serious and support President Trump or you will ALL be voted out!
When are you politicians going to DO THE JOB WE VOTED YOU TO DO?!!!!!
#rino
No, we don't need that worthless RINO.   You're not too far behind
No.
RINO's will fight harder than Dem Antifa to stop Trump's Phoenix rally. Ain't that so @JohnCornyn goofy @SenJohnMcCain and Flaky @JeffFlake
Sorry, he's not getting my vote or my wife's vote.  He does not support my President.
Really Really Really REALLY REALLY hope that Trump gives @kelliwardaz a shout out in Phoenix on Tues night! better yet-have her on stage!
@kelliwardaz @IngrahamAngle All Anti Trumpers must be defeated at the ballot box. Go Kelli Ward! You have our vote!
Don't waste too much $ on this campaign. Flake is as good as gone.
Better be careful with who you support or you'll surely be voted out. Get with Trump's agenda or get out. Sincerely, constituent of Texas.
Ya no. Voting @kelliwardaz
Cronyn has lost his friggin mind. The two of you are losers and enemies of the State. Go away!
He's a neocon hack. He needs to be replaced.
Time 2 vote both these do nothing #Rino's out of #Wash. I'm a Texas Republican & will not be voting 4 Cornyn! @POTUS @VP @RedNationRising
More #fakenewsBS. Arizona is much smarter than that #FlakeisaFlake
Real Americans need someone who will stand up for them & not the Swamp
Vote for @kelliwardaz in Arizona
Trump needs supporters in Senate.
#TakeOutTheRinos 
False.  Flake is an establishment hack who attacks our @POTUS every chance he gets. We need Senators who have his back. #VoteKelliWard
Well now we know that you are a member of the corrupt establishment.
Support Pres. Trump or resign and let a real patriot represent Texas.
He is going down!
Really????   Term limits is a must.   #TermLimits
Next election..........
Don't go there Senator or he won't be the only one being replaced
PLZ: Make retirement plans. #WTP VOTED OUT #Dems in 2010, 2012, 2014. #WTP ELECTED #Trump @POTUS 2016. #WTP DECIDE #RINO's are next. #MAGA
Because uncontrolled and illegal immigration is what's best for AZ? LOL Anyone but the #RINO @JeffFlake
Bullshit. Flake must be defeated.
Thank you, Senator
John, Jeff Flake has spent the last year fighting against citizen, now Pres Trump. Flake, u are fighting against we the ppl now. U will lose
not according to your Dear Leader that you always support! You & Flake just voted a birther judge to lifetime bench!
BS...he is a bought and paid for open borders politician.

Please do NOT support this fake conservative . I can't believe you are backing him. Primary this fraud NOW! Contribute to Kelli Ward!
Who knew one tweet could turn me from a supporter of yours, to someone that will never vote for you again?
Right on. I made my mind up when Cornyn said on Tucker (I think) that we didn't need the wall. And he's from Texas. What a dope.
I liked the guy. No idea he was this big of a flake.

Pun intended.
Your tweet for Flake loses you my support. Flake doesn't support Trump so that means you don't either. Pitiful Senators
ALWAYS going against The President is good for AZ &  the USA. ALWAYS.
I am donating to his opponent in the primary. He and all that do not get behind our Potus must be run out. #RINO #POTUS #RepealAndReplace
Then you better get Mr Flake on board. If you want to get reelected you better get on board and pass legislation.
@JohnCornyn As a Texan, I didn't vote for you in your last election, and I will not vote for you in the next.  You are one of the worst.
OMG! NOT ANOTHER John McCain clone! God forbid #Flake getting votes. #Elect @kelliwardaz You voted for the rest, now VOTE FOR THE BEST!
When are you going to join him in his comments about the President?
Ohhhh good for you John. Finally not kissing up to 45. About time!!
Jeff Flake is a HORRIBLE person in AZ! He needs to be voted OUT & if you stand by him I will vote You out! I'm a Texan!
Jeff Flake is a Rhino and does not stand by our President. I cannot vote against Flake because I live in Texas but I can vote against you.
And another vote against Cornyn in Texas!!! We stand united for Trump and those that support him! Flake serves his name well!
Both of you Rhinos will be gone. You can count on that.
He will be gone soon Johnny and you next
You have lost your last marble!!  For God's sake when will you wake up!!!
Big mistake
NO JOHN! FLAKE IS A PEDOFILE AND YOU KOW THAT FACT!
I wish we would elect more women to run things. You guys are so petty and dramatic.
I'm thinking no.
Say goodbye Cornyn. Flake is done, n hopefully McCain demise is in very near future. Ur gravy trains r coming to an end. True colors seen
He can't go fly a Kite Republican leaders are Cowards letting Swamp Media Run Them, Standing with President Trump and Country COWARDS
Can go
I thought he was "toxic"
What do you expect from a back stabbing Rino?
@JohnCornyn I am your constituent BUT since you support @JeffFlake I will not vote for you again!! Your shaming Texas!
Proof positive YOU are not RIGHT for ME as a Texas Senator....friggin RINO.  Support our POTUS traitor.
Does he hold town halls with his constituents?
I'm speaking as a Texan.  You, Mr. CORNYN, are an embarrassment.  SUPPORT POTUS TRUMP & STOP THE B.S.
No we don't!
The Az Senate needs him more than the U.S. Senate needs him. We want people who support our choice for POTUS.
Flake fights Trump harder then he fought Obama
of
John, you probably just ended UR career in #texas by backing the Flake.  Hope the money is worth it or R U going to be indicted too?
.@JohnCornyn @JeffFlake sure you want to disagree with Trump @JohnCornyn
Wrong John. Flake is a globalist. He even said so in a press conference. He likes being called a globalist. Wake up John!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We don't need him or you. What good does it do if RINO Senators effectively vote with Dems? I will definitely support your opponent.
RINOS backing RINOS - no surprise there.
How about you join him on getting voted out. @SenateGOP are lying frauds. Vote all of these self serving liars out!
You don't have a clue about leadership! At least post about things you know and experience. For example: party is aways over country.
*always*
I don't think Flake has a snowball's chance in hell beating Kelli Ward. This dog sit in front of me and lied in my face! BIG RINO!
So the prez attacks him. #ImpeachTrump #FlushTheToilet #Eclipse2017 #USSJohnSMcCain
Yeah will Trump just added 300K to Kelly's coffer.
I sent Kelli Ward a contribution yesterday. I'm in Virginia. #trumptrain is on it's way!
You are the same guys who endorsed Charlie Crist for Senate b4 @marcorubio got the nomination. Let VOTERS decide, not the #SWAMP
You are next . And I'm from Texas.  He is open border, under mining potus. Oh wait, that could be you too. GOP has THROWN AWAY OPPORTUNITY
You, Flake and Corker are just alike. Wimp RINO's.
John John John, loyalty should be to Texas.. not your peers
Good place to start thinning out you traitors.
You all need to go
WRONG!
HA!! Y'all better start helping out goals not the damn idiots. No Flakes!!! No McCains!! Vote out that bummer care we can't afford it!!!!
Bahahahahahahaha! Sorry, @JohnCornyn,  @JeffFlake is DONE! 
Hey Cornyn, you're up for reelection in 2020. Enjoy what time you have left. You'll be voted out in disgrace.
Wow. Sometimes you say the right thing. Good for you, sir.
Are you sure you want to support a flake who is a rogue rather than a team player? @GOP is failing itself and its constituents.
Sorry John, we disagree, he is fighting the change Arizonans voted for, not good! @LouDobbs @replouiegohmert @HeyTammyBruce
No tweets about supporting any of our POTUS' agenda, huh? Nice job on O-care repeal. Do the agenda WE SENT U 2 DC for!!!
NO they aren't. You are both RINOs. Out you go
Arizona will vote for @kelliwardaz
First we get rid of Flake and then McCain!  Senator Kelly Ward in 2018!

As Texas does for @JohnCornyn & @SenTedCruz .  Neither of them cares about Texas or Texans!!!
Awww he tweets a kiss ass tweet about you and you wait a bit and tweet him one back. So cute...in high school
Jeff the snake Flake doesn't represent you! He's supposed to represent me and he is a complete failure and a shame to AZ
Jeff took AZ voters into a dark room in DC after we elected him and he inappropriately touched us.

No more Rino molesters! Perverts!
Interesting. This is the 2nd tweet I've seen from you recently signaling break from @realDonaldTrump regime.
I'm not really a fan of @JeffFlake but at least he's willing to publicly criticize @POTUS*. When will you find the courage to do the same?
it is unfortunate that @Johncornyn does not understand the needs in Texas. AZ voters will decide their needs. Can you focus on TX?
#Swamp Creature John Cornyn copied John McCain's tweet it seems. But doesn't live in #AZ so how could he speak for us? Weird.
You will counter the attack by the racist president on a fellow Senator but you won't condemn the racist president? #WeWillRemember
Nope!
Agreed! RINOs and establishment posters boys opposing progress. So disappoint me in my Senator Cornyn. Flake  is a Flake and needs to go!
Jeff Flake is one of the supporters for censure of President Trump.
He spends too much time in Cuba with his friends the Communists. Works hard for Raul Castro but not for Arizona !!
Agree
Best GOP strategy: Dump Trump !!
You are the enemy of Texans and Americans...unbelievable you support Flake.......no way I will vote for you or anyone you endorse
No we don't!!!
Thanks for confirming your allegiance to the status quo of getting nothing accomplished! You establishment stooge!
You serious? This isn't an attempt at humor is it? Unless it's sarcasm you missed badly.
Disagree. From #tx36
@JeffFlake has #ashamedAZ
Are you for real? Rinks going away
You are wrong on that. He consistently opposes President Trump. He should be replaced by a real conservative. Flake is flakey. Swamp man.
Unlike what trump says
Which means sadly to say you are just as much of a progressive crap head as he is
Ummm, no Johnny, he does not serve Arizona constituents, the President or America ...  he's gone!  Vote for @kelliwardaz
and pardon Sherriff Joe tonight!
It's about time for Republicans to stand up to the negative nelly trolls. Face the Breitbart war head on. Wheel to the storm.
No "We" don't think so.
