He lied to @SenFranken and @SenatorLeahy under oath. 
@JohnCornyn LOCK THEM UP. The swamp under Trump has become an ocean of swamp water.
Apparently he not understand the question or mayB he doesn't know what no means under oath.
@JohnCornyn No wonder 45* is tied to Russia #Trumprussia , the majority of that video is visible in the MY Military Academy
@JohnCornyn Al Franken didn't ask him that.
@JohnCornyn Why did he lie about the meeting? It doesn't bother you that the AG lied to Congress?
I believe he was asked merely if he met with Russians. He lied. #alieisalie especially under oath.
Wow. You're still alive? 
On @SenatorLeahy, you're right,  @brithume. I watched the tape on @SenFranken. His question was broader. It's an intrepretation question.
Better safeguards needed! Ethics in Congress: From Individual to Institutional Corruption by Thompson
but there was evidence of a meeting and Sessions lied about it. Whether they talked about the election is irrelevant
Note he states how many Californians = 1 electoral vote, not how many actual citizens. Fact, illegals count as Californians.
Sessions DID NOT LIE ABOUT ANYTHING! Those claiming he did are liars! The ? was abt "as a surrogate"…He WASN'T!
Please read: Ethics in Congress: From Individual to Institutional Corruption by Dennis F. Thompson
@JohnCornyn Good grief, investigate transparently;one report from committee, not 1 by Dems &1 by Rep.  this is NOT A PARTY ISSUE
OBAMA IS A PEST!
No proof that Sessions lied. Lots of proof that Obama, Holder, and Lynch lied multiple times and nobody got their panties in a wad
@JohnCornyn Yoy do know how Fox was started dont ya.... Its mccarthyism at its best
@JohnCornyn except for that pesky one at the RNC right when Trump announced his pro-Putin stance. are we just ignoring that one?
@JohnCornyn One thing for sure, he didn't answer Franken's question. Maybe if he had not been evasive all this would be moot!
@JohnCornyn "about the election"
@JohnCornyn  and how do you know this?  Even sessions "can't recall" so were you there?
I think I left part of it out
Right. Sessions talked to the Russians as part of his job. He never discussed the campaign with them.
It's really hard for me to take any politician seriously that was a member of SNL cast...you know...Al Franken!
...no evidence? Based on who's investigation.....
Congressional and the FBI
@JohnCornyn The Franken exchange is a different issue entirely. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2BpgHcanjCQ …
@JohnCornyn @GOPKleptocrat @SenFranken @SenatorLeahy he met with a Russian. He lied. Period.
@JohnCornyn John, stop defending the indefensible! Do U want 2 go down with this sinking ship!? I'm pretty sure U R in on coverup!
@JohnCornyn The point to all this: Sessions did the right thing to remove himself from impending investigation. That's best 4 USA.
@JohnCornyn @GOPKleptocrat @SenFranken @SenatorLeahy no evidence they didn't meet about the 2016 election.
Not the instance of perjury, good try though.
@JohnCornyn "No evidence" does not mean didn't happen.  Why independent investigation needed.
@JohnCornyn Lazy journalist, that wasn't the question he answered.
just a reminder---your Texas constituents want the wall!
Hope Texas (not rest of us)  taxpayers will fund that wall.  Also support a Reagan like amnesty program.
''''''''Obama and his Sedition! Wire Taped Trump Tower! Worse than Watergate!
Only Sessions knows for sure, & I trust him as much as you trust HRC.
Are you now so biased that you think a senior Trump surrogate DIDN'T talk about the 2016 election? That is comical.
The hysteria, downright lies, misinformation and defamation of the left, such as @GOPKleptocrat never cease to amaze me.
Keep your head in the sand, champ. No harm will come to you with Trump's #RussiaFirst agenda.
shouldn't denigrate baloney that way
DEMS have met with Russian Amb...how can any NOT meet..it's politics and business for God sake.
@GOPKleptocrat @SenFranken @SenatorLeahy and holder lied about fast and furious
Twitter, lots of fake, newly created accounts in this thread. This is a problem. @support
@jweber_janet THEY ARE PIRANHAS...ONE DROP OF BLOOD LET'S RIP THEM APART!!
@GOPKleptocrat @SenFranken @SenatorLeahy hey guys what about Hillary and her crimes?
Wonder if @GOPKleptocrat failed English class as it is obvious AG Sessions answer to exact wording of the question was accurate.
Yep. Nor any real evidence of Russian interference that isn't done by every nation including USA. Russian mantra is #fakenews
I appreciate your objectivity Brit, thankyou.
Appreciate your keeping it straight!
@luvGodncountry Why did OBAMA order surveillance of a sitting US Senator last spring and summer?! Unprecedented & Outrageous!
stay strong
how do you know it wasn't discussed?
Why did Obama authorize surveillance of a sitting US SENATOR in the spring/summer of 2'16? …unprecedented scandal!
How can we find out which 30 Sen. Dems met in secret with Russians to push the Iran deal?
@GOPKleptocrat The question was specifically as part of Trump campaign not as Senator with Armed Services committee.
Never mind the facts. If Frankin says helied, he lied.
you must have been some investigative reporter, NOT
Why did Fox's own Judge Napolatano say that Sessions could have "mislead Congress" which is a serious problem?
@GOPKleptocrat This guy needs a hearing aid. Obvious Sessions was answering the question asked. Nothing wrong at all.
@GOPKleptocrat Question asks "...about the 2016 election". Answer of "no " is true. His contact was routine cmmttee interaction.
following the guide "say it long enough and loud enough and they will believe it"
You ignored this one. Baloney as well?
Obama should be arrested for treason-He is working against the Trump administration.  Sessions said truthfully about 2016 election
@GOPKleptocrat @SenFranken @SenatorLeahy we get that you loathe President Trump but do you also hate America?
@johncitysq Great tweet from City Square - shows the question in full and the in context answer in full.  Dems' con exposed.
Fraud Franken should not even hold the seat to question an Attorney General.  Republicans go after his illegal election!!
Super easy answer, right? Yes, Senator, I met with Russian Amb about the terrible situation in Ukraine. Instead #SessionsLied
Sore losers. In 2 years they'll be down even more. America doesn't like sore losers.
Perhaps we should ask @alfranken about votes and suitcases. Ummmm, perhaps HIS election wasn't legit...#MAGA
Love your direct honest punches.  Thank you for truth.
Wrong! The meeting happened. You nor I know what was discussed. Am I wrong?
meetings between Senators and Ambassadors happen all the time. Not unusual at all. The left is mad they lost.
@GOPKleptocrat @SenFranken @SenatorLeahy hang on the evidence might be coming
Holy @#$%!!! Brit swore!
creating a narrative.
Here's the lie under oath: "I didn't have - did not have communications with the Russians, and I'm unable to comment on it."
Arms service committee had these meetings. Frankenstein was asking about campaign.
you can use "quotes" to justify it, but at the end of the day you know truth from untruth. Lost all respect 4 you. #notajournalist
@GOPKleptocrat @SenFranken @SenatorLeahy You honestly think that he didnt discuss the election in Sept 16 it was #1 issue in world
and Loretta Lynch spoke to Bill Clinton on the airport tarmac about their grand kids, Washington D.C. baloney on sale 24/7
Franken is an incompetent.
total BS this whole grocery store tabloid non story! Armed Services committee had these meetings Franken was asking abt campaign
let's inbestihate@every senator or congressman that has ,et with Russian ambassador. Let's start with Pelosi, mcCain
Rock on Mr. Hume!
Thanks Brit. Thank God we have at least one competent journalist left with integrity and courage.
You are absolutely correct.
But, with that kind of lead in, I'm not surprised he answered that way, @brithume
exactly! "About the election" he answered, no crime and Dems aren't happy. Politics hurts my brain with the lack of liberal logic.
Too bad you are not a Rep.Senator. That should have been their response today.
depends on what your definition of is is...intellectual honesty is dead be willing to call BS regardless of the red or blue source
agreed, they refuse to see it.
So glad to follow you Brit! Always an honest fair voice of reason!
He did NOT lie.
Is this tunnel vision?  It's astounding to see how anyone's focus ceases at the phrase "...any part of the Russian government..."
i was told he was talking about his grand kids and airport schedules.
This isn't just "their" country...
However they are not. I just wish the majority of voters get sick of them. Nothing can be accomplished.
All this is very disturbing. Very sick of the nasty politics of the Democrats! they should sincerely be ashamed of themselves.
You misspelled bullshit Brit.
@GOPKleptocrat doesn't read too well
Read this, Sessions' words: "I did not have communications with the Russians." Perjury charges coming.
haha. Franken asks "in the course of the campaign" after talking specifically campaign related conversations
Let's follow Senator Sessions' lead here, "nobody is above the law."
Jeff Sessions in 1999 speaking on the importance of prosecuting Bill Clinton over perjury allegations 
@GOPKleptocrat @SenFranken @SenatorLeahy Would like to see more of you on Fox. Always a calm thoughtful voice.
Come on,Brit,your buddies are a bunch of liars,don't take it personally,it's just politics.
Sessions perjured himself during Franken's questioning: "I did not have communications with the Russians."
about the 2016 campaign.....there I finished it for you.
Probably just talked about how lovely Moscow is in the spring.

@brithume @SWEETPEACE3
it's a bunch of bullshit, GOP makes it WORSE doing stupid things like "recusing" himself. need to grow some balls!
probably wise to recuse himself. Takes some of the bite out of the dems
No "continuing exchange" one meeting and handshake.  No lying possible
Most stations are NOT playing Franken's entire question. May be part of confusion . Sure it's on purpose
actual words are irrelevant now. Its Trump!
Let's look at his record- maybe he met with Russians.
investigate Obama investigating Trump & campaign during election! & giving more power to NSA on the way out! That's the story!!!
The facts that matter:Not Russians!Dems chose awful candidate who lied;got caught,lost!Sore losers now sabotaging Trump.Period.
It's called "Fake Evidence" made by the Democrats and believe by them is the true evidence.
It's obvious to me all these people screaming "he lied" have never been deposed. You answer the question asked.
Thank you for eschewing the double standard we see so often today. Tiresome, as is "Johnny did it too."
Does anyone remember back in the McCarthy era 1950's, when the Left denounced witch hunts, rather than demanded them ?
But Hillary sells r uranium to Russia...And they r not investigating this CROOK?..Put Hillary in JAIL.And Arrest Soros, FIRE Comey
They DID investigate Hillary Clinton,NOW it's time to investigate Trump and his people.
that would be a good plan
That is NOT what Franken asked him in that question,you are being dishonest,Brit.
...its anything and everything now to take attention away from the great speech Trump made.
and THATS the key component
Dems are going to push the narrative that Sessions lied even though there's no evidence.
It's all about diversion, distraction and deception by the democrats always- Al Franken hasn't changed his farcical ways since SNL
Brit watch your blood pressure, you should know trying to explain anything to a Lib can be hazardous to your health!
Brit these people work for either @mmfa or  @Shareblue. Don't waste your time
why respond to someone that has a pic of the American flag upside down on their profile?
One must always parse
Terribly tired of the Russian thing, it is just a sideline to keep real work from happening. Shut it out move on media!!!!!!!!
. Fox news = #fakebaloney
you must be a liberal globalist, let's destroy America snowflake. Am I right, or am I right, I'm right.
keep circling the wagons around that dumpster fire
Are you talking about Hillary and the liberal wagon train 
READ THIS VERY CAREFULLY. IT READS "Anyone (Russian) about the 2016 election "
maybe the Russian meddling investigation will find Hillary's 35,000 missing emails. Or uranium sale receipts.
Correct! Why did Sessions recuse himself to avoid "appearance of conflict of interest"? This encourages #fakescandals, they work!
From what I heard there was a very SPECIFIC question and he gave a very specific TRUTHFUL answer.
Dem #Destructionist have nothing better to do than spread fake baloney @FoxNews @FoxBusiness
@POTUS & AG are dealing with @DNC & MSM Morons who believe Voting Citizens don't research political #Facts on our own!  #shame
your supposed to be a reporter and be neutral. Your credibility as a journalist falls when you defend a side.
he's actually pointing out facts, calling out lies. Novel idea?
These accusations will be an enigma forever. The FBI can't release info they obtained with FISA warrants, not even to congress.
one meeting was AT THE CONVENTION
After 8 yrs of lies that cost Americans $, jobs, pride, & lives, Dems just now decide 2 change their stance on lying!
That is not 2 say Sessions is lying, he's not. If any honest person read question & answer, it's beyond obvious he spoke the truth
The real issue is that the left is so far gone they can no longer recognize the truth bc they don't have 2, thanks MSM!
I heard Trump put ketchup on macaroni, while sexting Putin. He was also deporting 20 million Black people back to Africa.
Brit, if the ambassador is a spy as has been stated why did senators meet with him as part of Iran deal in 2013?
Yes like Chuck Schumer
You are correct. No evidence for any of this.#fakenews
I would clarify that as a lie.
Arms Service committee have these meetings, Frankenstein was asking about campaign. Get the facts straight
Brit~nice to see you are standing on truth and paying attn to what was actually stated vs what ppl want to 'hear'.
@GOPKleptocrat @SenFranken @SenatorLeahy "about" it's the key word
Damn the facts, they have an agenda to push.
they want stop till they destroy him. I just pray he doesn't fall for their trap by tweeting about this.
The democratic party has turned crazy and pathetic.
how do people not see "election" and "campaign" in question and draw that obvious connection
what I saw was the DNC hacked by Russia. That's all, no other evidence of any wrong doing by Trump campaign.
@GOPKleptocrat BOO; since when did the GOP fall in love with Russia? Recusal is not enough, we need an independent prosecutor
That's utterly ridiculous just more Resistance!
I will resis those who work with Russia to manipulate elections and those who dump coal waste in water!
You mean like the animas river spill?
why aren't we checking to see how many democrats met with any russians last year?
fake news Brit we'll never stop it they just keep putting it out there and hope it get reposted everywhere. So sad.
He watched Bullwinkle and Rocky as a kid. It had Borris and Natasha on the show, so thats close enough. :)
Baloney is apparently the most important ingredient in nothing burgers.
I don't remember any Democrats calling for Loretta Lynch to resign after she met with Bill Clinton on the plane.
..to have a meeting with the Russia Ambassador is not a crime...the Q is what they talked about..and that nobody will  ever know..
There were others present so no "secret" meeting
chill Brit
all this nonsense began when Trump made a snarky comment in a debate. Dems took it to a level of stupid unheard of in politics.
yep, both asked questions in relation to the election/campaign
how would you know that? There's no current reported evidence would be a better response.
Context is key.
