'Stunned' Sen. Susan Collins: Comey asking a friend to leak a memo not appropriate http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2625411  via @dcexaminer
When did inviting the Russians to your GOP convention become OK? You're worried about leaks? We are worried about #treason by GOP
John you are absolutely right.  On the law AND on the facts.   Truth will out please God
Dump discussed the conversation on tv. Ask him.
Why do you lie?  Why are you a liar?  You know, or you should know, that they were NOT classified.  What about djt outing Israeli intel?
@dcexaminer ummm.. he was a private citizen and defending himself and the FBI against defamatory remarks.. that is not leaking
If he'd leaked classified info, that would have been wrong,,,but he Didn't. You are a disgrace.
Stop spinning and lying to the American people. You are a US Senator, have some decency and for a change choose country over Party or resign
STOP DEFLECTING! YOU WILL GO DOWN WITH TRUMP IF YOU KEEP EXCUSING HID ACTIONS!
He didn't. He's a private citizen who recounted his personal recollections...not a leak or classified
$900 Billion in tax rewards to rich? ? $830 Billion cut in Medicaid cuts. MEAN. It's mean.
Desperate times call for desperate measures. Comey is hated by both sides. Usually the sign of an honest man stick in the middle of crooks.
as former FBI director after he was fired
So that’s the part he highlights. Oh geez. His Twitter account is also sometimes snarky. Unfortunately he’s my senator.
I think the most unfortunate part is that he's the more reasonable one of our two senators...
Ugh -- sad and true! At least with Cruz I can call his office and voice my opinion (fwiw). Cornyn is very unavailable.
Yes, that is true about Cruz. His office has been much more receptive. And, honestly, those two might be better than my rep. He's the worst.
Texas rep acting like an ass again...i swear, does anyone in the state have an IQ above 100?
ahhhh, now now.
Okay...one.
lol
You're just showing your own poor understanding of the law. Go back to bed.
A memo regarding possible obstruction of justice by a president who can control investigations by his own DOJ. So don't be naive.
Remember a special counsel hadn't been appointed yet. Had he not, you might've gone down in history as an enabler of the worst POTUS ever.
What do you mean "might have"?
I mean Susan Collins is a moderate. The fact that even she feels the need to defend Trump shows just how much he has put their jobs at risk.
You've really become quite the joke, haven't you. Always embarrassing Texas.
You are the swamp but you know that already.
Seriously, that's what's troubling you?  Nothing else about Comey's testimony under oath?  Lies from White House, alienating allies, Russia?
... you're totally ridiculous with that remark - disgraceful lie.
First of all, he didn't admit to leaking confidential communications. Second of all, what about trump "hoping" he drops Flynn investigation?
Most people disagree with you (about most things), Senator.
Against estate tax, LGTBQ rights, #ParisAccord, education benefits for veterans
The president you are supporting is a Russia spy!! Are you?
Very troubling that this is @JohnCornyn concentrated on instead of @realDonaldTrump incompetence and danger to our country
Senator, you know full well the information Comey shared was not confidential or privileged. Stop being dramatic, it's not becoming.
Were you not listening? They were NOT confidential.  You are losing all credibility.  When is your next town hall?  #Indivisible

He wasn't FBI Director when he gave it to friend and they weren't confidential. I would think a Senator would understand this...
What he "leaked" (not really a leak) was rude, illegal behavior (not classified info, a la Trump) by a crass bully, while a private citizen.
Less troubling than #Trump giving info to Russians that was actually classified or ...? #Hypocrite
He wz not FBI director, they were his own notes, not confidential and most certainly not privileged. He wz free 2do what he wanted w/memos!
Why are you shilling this nonsense while refusing to hold Trump accountable and pushing AHCA through without any visibility or review?
Do your job and represent your constituents. I would be happy to tell you in person. Your staff is pretty rude to constituents BTW.
Nothing to do with National Security..just personal notes he decide to pen down, turns out he had good instinct, somebody is lying.
very troubling that Your as corrupt as trump.
Senator there was nothing classified in the information shared with a friend.
It was a 'note to self', unclassified and NOT constrained by executive privilege. Give us a break & stop defending that #%# LOSER!
2020 we coming for you.
It wasn't a leak. Comey was a private citizen, the notes were his own, and 45 didn't claim privilege. The End.
You are not worried about interference in our election process. Noted.
They only would be if they lost.
It's OK if a Republican Does It...
How about doing your job and protecting the US?  You must be voted out!!!
https://twitter.com/mattyglesias/status/873582462751961088 …
He wasn't the director when they were leaked....
Very troubling that a disinformation campaign is being waged against a private citizen to deflect the criminal conduct of sitting president.
Very troubling the John Cornyn is still a Senator. Guy needs to be voted out.
Amen! He's my Senator unfortunately  
Me too
Dianne Feinstein and Kamala Harris are mine  Campaign, register and vote. Get Cornyn out.
You have a rockstar lineup. Its pretty much a west coast thing. My WA senators are pretty kick ass too. And all women!
Indeed! West Coast is the right coast. 
Bay Area here! Get's my vote!
Mr cornyn we are all troubled you still hold a seat at the table time for us to vote you out we are done with your GOP party over country
Will type slowly so you understand: documents were not confidential and Comey was a private citizen, therefore there was no leaking.
Congratulations on your prowess at fitting the most falsehoods into the fewest number of words. You could work for the @GOP !
It's troubling that you support a sexual predator.
Man we elect some seriously stupid people to Congress.
The thing that's stunning is watching the @GOP allow Trump to run roughshod over our institutions.

It's party over country.
He was fired, remember? For the Russian stuff, as Trump said. Comey is a crime fighter. You're a coward, turning his back on country.
@dcexaminer you are complicit. Did you take Russian money too??
How about the fact that a hostile power is undermining our democracy?  Or nah.
He wasn't FBI director at that point, as he was fired for refusing to be Trump's lapdog (a role that you seem very comfortable with though).
Seriously, Senator, just stop.
Very troubling is self serving, fluid & "holier than thou" application of ethics & rule of law, Senator. Comey isn't villain, & u know it.
Comey released info of his own unclassified recollections. Trump gave damaging Israeli intel to hostile foreign govt BUT THATS OK????
Wtf is wrong these people!? Do they believe the words coming out of their own mouth!?
No way.  Cornyn is a lawyer. He knows better.
He knows better and yet SOMETHING compels him to pretend otherwise. What could it possibly be.....?
I'm going to bet that his connection to Exxon and the Rosneft deal has a part in it.
He does know it. What he is saying is malpractice. Maybe he deserves a bar association complaint?
Sounds like it
Do you find it "very troubling" Trump tried to intimidate a witness w/ threats of tapes? That's obstruction of justice, Senator. Do your job
lmao..more like s subtle reminder to comey to TELL THE TRUTH.
THEY  WEREN'T  CONFIDENTIAL  OR  CLASSIFIED 
DOES ANYONE THINK COMEY STUPID ENOUGH NOT TO KNOW WHETHER THIS WAS BEAKING THE LAW? Move on, Cronyn! #TrumpRussia
Very troubling that the people in charge of the country are incompetent and selling out our intrinsic values and ethics for personal gain.
He didn't. I know you were just joking, but there are some shitheads out there who think he did.
Senator you need to put down the pom poms support America!
No Puppet, no puppet, you're the puppet, no you're the puppet.   lol
Seems to me "troubling that he leaked confidential communications" is a euphemism for "troubling he didn't show more loyalty".
You have become such a fraud.
No, it really isn't.
Remind us how many public hearings on this latest AHCA your committee (or ANY committee) has held? Is the newest AHCA bill "confidential"?
It was not confidential and you know it you are using trump's bad habit of lying 
He didn't. So stop being troubled.
He leaked as a private citizen, not FBI director.
1) not classified, 2) it's not leaking, its whistle blowing, 3) and this is important HE WASN'T THE FBI DIRECTOR...your dictator fired him
Holy cow... what planet are you on... did we watch the same hearing.... no confidential and he wasn't FBI director...facts matter...
No evidence yet anything confidential leaked
Private memos aren't leaks. And Trump already mentioned the dinner and the meeting. Not troubling at all. But @JohnCornyn you are.
Very troubling that you are normalizing an incompetent clown president. This is our republic, not a game show. Be a Patriot.
You are a liar
honestly you should know better. re-watch interview with  Lestor Holt. not confidential once it was blabbered to national TV audience.
You are villainous in your defense of a coward, thief and traitor. History will call you pathetic. Honor your oath of office. #impeachtrump
When did the President asking you to obstruct justice become a "confidential communication?"
Yes, this is the perfect time to align yourself even more with this administration, well played sir!
Say hi to ted Cruz
 Keep up the good work in Waco Dallas el paso and amarrillo.
Not confidential Not classified and lord Marmalade had already fired him.  You lose.
He was a private citizen think traitor I'm sure the special prosecutor advised our country hero Director Comey
Very troubling that you and the GOP are supporting treason and Russia. @SenatorCollins
leaking classified information is a crime because it could be important to national security. Leaking other information is democracy.
First, he wasn't FBI Dir at the time. Second, it wasn't confidential. He's a hero even tho I'm still mad at him for what he did to Hillary.
Very troubling how you consistently put party over country
What exactly is confidential?  If that means unclassified then, ok.
Were you troubled when the White House leaked to Nunes?
He did NOT leak confidential information, dunderhead. I know you must have a functioning brain. Use it.
Trump leaked classified info to the Russian, and you guys are upset about a "confidential memo"?
He's up in 2020.
The only real troubling thing is the traitorous GOP, defending trump  who's a liar, a traitor, a cheat, and who's destroying the GOP.
Well you aren't very intelligent then. Comey, a private citizen, can do as he wishes with his notes. You know that, u r just lying to base
At that time he was a "private citizen" Sen. Corbyn. Very much like you will be soon.
He didn't. But @KellyannePolls did at a D.C. Party last night! #leaksarecomingfrominsidetheWH 
You are misinformed.
Voted for you in the last election but I'm going to enjoy voting for your opponent next time around.
Good to know you have no concern for the safety of your constituents.
This is a BIGGER problem for you boy.......
He gave a copy of his OWN personal non-confidential memo over & it's grossly dishonest of you to claim otherwise
Lie away!!!
You should be ashamed.   He didn't leak govt confidential comms.  Smearing someone for your own gain (tax cuts 4 rich) is despicable.
Very troubling that you don't know the law, that you are a lawyer, that you are a senator who does not know the law. Fake lawyer/Senator.
Grasping at straws there, John. Is that the best you got?
It wasn't confidential, classified or privileged. But thanks for coming out.
#Impeach45
#alternativefacts Senator.  Comey leaked his own unclassified memos. He didn't steal them from another private citizens email.
Was Comey Trumps doctor? What's the legal basis for this confidentiality? Comey was a private citizen and shared his unclassified notes.
You, sir, have not one drop of integrity in your entire body.
Everything the President says is part of our public record, unless actually classified. Trump Presidential Library:
First, he wasn't FBI director.  Second, he said "the contents of the memos."  He did not say the memos.
Wake me when you remember this is not an investigation of Comey. Remember Russia and the election? That trouble you at all?
Trump already made that conversation public thereby negating any action against Comey if he made any public disclosure.
wow! I'll be curious to see if this track will get the MSM to refocus their attention. I doubt it.
very troubling indeed that you sit in the United States Senate.
Since when was a conversation w/ Trump "confidential?" Oh-when he requires signed NDA loyalty agreements from his volunteer campaign staff.
He leaked his private notes as a private citizen, as you very well know. Integrity much?
Keep shilling for a Traitor senator
The information Comey relayed wasn't classified and you know it. Stop deflecting from Trump.
You show your true colors when you attack Comey as a "leaker" while your own POTUS is leaking classified info about Israeli spies.
Such Hypocrisy And The Sad Fact Is They Don't Even Know It!
That would be true is he was. But he was fired so?
Nice twisting of the facts to fan the flames of falsehood. Not surprising, given your character. Or lack thereof.
You are an embarrassment to the state of Texas, as is Ted Cruz!
Sir, did you know Comey was been fired? Ask your staff - someone has misinformed you. Never trust them -- Never! You have been betrayed!
Sen Cornyn are you suggesting that any conversation with the President is confidential? Or just if the President suggests something illegal?
An anti-Paris Accord Senator pushing propaganda. More theater, or are the fascists infighting?
You are an embarrassment to our state
I'm more concerned about why he was fired. As should you. Sign, your constituent.
President Trump has been discussing that conversation for weeks. It isn't confidential. My God in heaven, how were you a lawyer?
History isn't look kindly on you being on #TeamTreason
Comey is a whistleblower.
Very troubling that you are a know-nothing shitbird.
Very troubling you don't know the basic facts & irresponsible of you to make uninformed comments. And kinda pathetic.
MORE troubling that a US Senator(YOU)is totally incorrect in his 'facts' and spreads false info as a result. Not confidential or classified
Don't trounce this man. Flawed or not, #Comey is a real American hero, unlike you who won't even stand before a town hall crowd.
Assume you also blamed Rosemary Woods for Nixon's 18 minute gap. Party over country, keep up the goid work. You'll enjoy minority status.
He       Had.      Been.      Fired.
#1 not FBI Director at the time; #2 memo didnt contain classified info and #3 if FBI retains a copy, he's good to go (as per intel experts)
Incriminating a private citizen to protect that lying POS in the White House is not a good look.  History will not be kind.
very troubling: You never asked Comey how the president was working to keep Russia out of our election.
He didn't
Yes far more troubling than content of said memos , forest for the trees...
No classified info released by comey. Trump asked for his loyalty his son confirmed it on fox news  #dontprotecttrump he is a confirmed liar
Nothing he released was classified.  Quit spreading false information.
I am so ashamed that you represent my state.  You know this isn't true.  You are lying for a man that would throw u 2 wolves in a heartbeat.
I find it troubling you don't man up to the president. Instead you bend over & let him do what he wants. You are complicit #trumprussia
Even more troubling that you don't know they weren't classified. Be better.
NOPE NOT TRUE. Talking abt conversations with a President that entail unclassified info. are not leaks. Not like leaks to Russia in Oval Ofc
You should freaking know what the word "confidential" means in a government setting. Come on.
Your failure to understand the law is almost as bad as Trump. Resign.
The word twist comes from the word wicked: a candle wick is twisted cord. TWISTING TRUTH to fit your ideology SENATOR is just WICKED!
I do solemnly swear that I will support & defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I
You need to understand @JohnCornyn  that most Americans now realize @POTUS is the liar.
If that was the most troubling thing, you would have a point.  It is far down the list for most Americans.  DJT is more troubling every day.
Except that he didn't.
But you don't mean 'classified' confidential, do you? Play the tapes.
It sure would be if he had... Luckily, all he did as a private citizen was "leak" a memo he himself wrote of a meeting he attended.
But not as troubling as so called @potus doing nothing in response to a confirmed hostile act against the  US by a foreign government??
He was a private citizen when he leaked. But let's haggle that maybe at a town hall in Austin? Please?
Very troubling that you have not condemned Trump's lies.
I'm troubled that you can't correctly identify when something is confidential or not. Some serious second hand embarrassment for you.
It's not troubling, it's patriotic. He is blowing the whistle on malfeasance in the administration. Why are you trying to enable it?
Are you seriously this dense? Will you stop at nothing to defend Trump? The Republican Party has become the embarrassment of our country.
I find the senatorial presence of a man w/ur tendencies 2ward outright lie 2 b very troubling But ur there lying& Comey was w/in his rights
Shame on you, Senator.  This is disingenuous.  We're not stupid.
More troubling that he did it because he feared the President would lie about it.
What is troubling is Cronyn is telling lie about the information! I guess they forgot they work for us the PEOPLE!
More troubling than Trump leaking classified information to Russia, Turkey and Philippines? #priorities
very troubling you can't tell the truth. it wasn't a leak-they were not confidential communications & he wasn't the FBI director anymore
Dear sir, how about you stop commenting and go back to doing what you do best...representing your own interests
Very troubling indeed that a Senator is tweeting  misinformation.. personal memos, but you already know that. Puts you on the radar now, sir
How do you leak as a private citizen non-classified information?  People who write books do this everyday.  @MalcolmNance @NicolleDWallace
Hm, worse than giving an ally's secret and sensitive intel to the Russians? Comey's memos aren't even classified!
Nor was it as an FBI Director. He had already been fired
He was a private citizen.. MEMOS ARE UNCLASSIFIED..NOTHING WRONG WITH THAT!YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE SAYING IS A BLOODY LIE!!
Thank you for letting us all know how much your oath means to you. Blatantly lying to your constituents. You must be proud.
Were you also troubled when Trump discussed the content of his meetings w/Comey in the letter firing him?
So, what your saying John, is that you are neck deep up Russia's ass too.
It was a personal memo ... not a confidential communication.. Christ you're on Intel committee you should know the difference!
He didn't. #Russians got #PeePeeTapes of u 2? Remember, the future of Texas is blue, u redneck.
He wasn't FBI director--he'd been fired @JohnCornyn
He released his own, non-classified memo.
The information was neither confidential nor secret. You have a security clearance and don't know that? Seriously? Delete your account.
