But have you even looked?
Well, WE have! Russian funding, banking interests, etc. directly linked to POTUS & pals. POTUS tells COMEY to 'back off Flynn'! U are blind!
Nope. Trump needs to fire Mueller now.  Why pretend we're a democracy?
Open your eyes and mind.  Collusion is real.
Seriously, look at all the obvious "coincidences." Then remember, there are no coincidences.
Keep in denial John. It's your only defense. 
I am disgusted by all of the political infighting. Congress works for the people not the President. Start legislating. Country over Party
answer your phone
You're a hack. Retire already.
You also don't have the guts to demand the release of crooked Donald's tax returns because you're terrified of how fraudulent Donald is
Why don't you want to know the truth? What is your payoff for the cover up?

Do you get to name the new United States of Russia?
Are you leaking info from a closed hearing?  Make the hearings open and the people can decide
Funny how you quote other R's saying 'no evidence' but never yourself. Your way of preserving what little integrity you actually have?
His whole feed is a masterclass in disingenuous, passive-aggressive tweeting. I really hope it's a staffer doing this for him.
It is very passive-aggressive. However his name is on the acct whether his thumbs are moving or not...it's his. I just don't think he cares.
Manchin is conservative WV Dem, which is John being passive aggressive & shady. He's trying to distract us from Dear Leader #Trump wanting
You exactly right! John is bowing down to 45. Interested to see how they (R's) react to Sessions hearing. All spin I'm sure. I'm curious as
to what ?'s Sessions refuses to answer. I think those will be infinitely more telling then the ones he does. Also 45's tweets. Hmmm
Senator, Let's not try a case in media.  Let Robert Mueller do his job.  Keep politics out.  Work on healthcare and jobs
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Clearly you've had you're eyes closed this whole time then
He was asked if he agreed with Pres that there is NO evidence of collusion- not asked if there IS evidence. 
#ComeyDay wasn't about #collusion it was about #ObstructionOfJustice. Aren't U concerned #Trump hasn't inquired ONCE about #RussiaMeddling?
You must be blind Senator!!!
Stop posting from biased news sources that are not credible. I'm embarrassed that my Senator can't rely on respected/established news
Have you seen evidence that the president leaked to Russia classified intelligence information provided by Israel? Anything on that?
Seriously?!  Your constituents have seen plenty of evidence.  You are on the wrong side of history.
When treason is finally proven, I hope you're charged with collusion. You're a piece of dirt.
Please Senator.  Put the kool-aid down.
The investigation isn't done, yet there is so much smoke you'd have to keep your eyes closed not to see it!!!
Maybe there was/wasn't, I don't think Putin's plan requires collusion - just incompetence, idiocy and easy influence - a new breitbart post.
What about #PreExistingConditions? #EmployerBasedHealthcare? #StateWaivers? #PrescriptionDrugPrices? #LoweringCosts?
THE MAIN REASON, YOU OBTUSE SOB, IS THAT NO REPUB ANSWERS QUESTIONS...AND UR PREZ WON'T CRITICIZE PUTIN OR ANY OTHER RUSSIAN...WILL YOU?
You quote a "Dem" that consistently votes 4 R agendas? Ask the brainiac abt his daughter? WV needs 2 get rid of that head.
Your tireless search for the truth is amazing. Thanks, public servant.
And when will U hold a #TXTownhall??  I've got serious questions about the senate version #AHCA?! Why are #ZEROWomen in the group?
But y'all sure have seen evidence of obstruction. Why is #Trump trying to fire Mueller? Did he subpoena IRS for his taxes today?
Time will tell, Johnny
The investigation just started...Questions to answer. Leads to follow. Officials to question.
What???
The least of your worries.
I wish some of the GOP would start colluding with our laws and the justice system...
Trump is on the wrong side of history on Russia, Climate Change, equal rights, fair pay - strange you align yourself so closely to him...
Why are you so quick to put an end to the investigatory process? Are your big donors getting restless wanting a return on their investment?
People used to say they saw no evidence that the world was round...until investigation proved otherwise...
Wait, did Joe Manchin replace Special Prosecutor Robert Mueller? Didn't think so. It's curious why you desire to prop up Trump? #Democracy
ONE GOOD DEMOCRAT IN CONGRESS!!! Machin is a good man who is for USA, not self or party or Obama's Resistance clone!!!
Oh you did mean Manchin! From WV.
Imho i think your both wrong about what we've seen.
Sorry excuse as a Senator. Sorry you represent such a great State
Really John ... good thing you're not in a position to serve the public. Oh you are ... but you don't.   So a partisan hack vs patriot.
You can't see if you refuse to look Senator. You remind me of the proverbial ostrich with your head in the sand.
don't pass this version of the healthcare plan. Two very ill family members will lose healthcare as it's written and my indigent friends.
Have ATX town hall & we'll talk evidence. I'll bring sweet tea. Much better than the orange koolaid you've been drinking. #resist #itmfa
Hey, Senator, show us the healthcare bill! If you are worried about what people will say, you know you shouldn't be trying to pass it.
Is that all you have to say. Let me ask you a question. Did you or not. Know before hand? Still something about you doesn't sit well with me
It took over 780 days to get " whatsoever" on Nixon. Investigation just started on trump.
You would source an alt- right unethical online "news" site!!??!? REALLY JOHN?!? That is how you are?!?!
Sessions LIED under oath. Why does he still have his job? You are a traitor to your constituents, caring only to sneak bills by us.
You don't see any evidence of salmonella but it will still make you sick!
Are u trying 2 distract us from the fact that ur hiding in a back room writing a bill 2 take away health insurance & give ur pals a tax cut?
Let's hear it from all Repubs too, Senator CORNYN...speak up @SenateMajLdr ! @LouDobbs @HeyTammyBruce
#ShowUsTheBill
Gee, I thought that was Mueller job. Maybe we need to wait until the investigation is complete, or maybe started in earnest.
I don't know who to petition to put an end to attacks on POTUS through investigations of Russia collusion. That horse is dead!
Probably something to do with the whole 'ongoing investigation' thing. You familiar with the process at all, Senator Cornyn?
You're a partisan puppet. Cant wait to vote you out!
What does Mueller have to say?
Why won't trump release his taxes?
Texans:We haven't seen any evidence Cornyn working for Texas, 'Whatsoever'
So END the Sp Counsel!!!  All they do is mission creep, drag on for years and work to find ANY PETTY WRONG DOING to justify their existence
Put the crack pipe down,   Are you believing the bs you're saying?  Have a freaking town hall already..we will do an intervention.
I predict your next step will be to badmouth Robert Mueller.
Stop pretending there is nothing to see here.
I. Don't. Care. Finding a random comment from a random Dem is not satisfactory. The investigation is ongoing. Your comments are improper.
Senator, you are missing the point.  Why are you not SCREAMING from the rooftops about Russia's BLATANT interference in our election?

What about obstruction of justice and treason? What about dementia? Any evidence?

Really? You make yourself look more pathetic every time you tweet things like this.
You're support of this so called president is bewildering and concerning. #TownHallATX to discuss? #StepfordSenator strikes again.
Hard to see with your hands over your eyes, Senator. Please put your country over party. Also, #townhall, quit hiding behind Twitter.
John, you're becoming an embarrassment. i was never a fan, but this party over country bullshit is just exhausting.
Texans aren't stupid and we aren't buying this ocean front property in Arizona you're selling us.
instead of endorsing this article, tweet out ur questions for Sessions. Let us help u weed out Hillary and weather questions.
ha ha!
Listen again. That isn't what he said. You're screwing with your own colleagues to dedfens the President now. How do you sleep at night?
He went on to express concerns about Coats's testimony, Kushner's alleged back channels, and the White House turning a blind eye to Russia.
Why have you not shown the same concern after seeing the same evidence? How can you turn a blind eye to Russian threats?
In the same show, Bharara explained Trump's pattern of cultivating relationships w/those who might investigate him
Watch @PreetBharara explain why Trump's phone calls to him were inappropriate & that Obama never called him 
Given the nutty you had over Loretta Lynch meeting with Clinton, I wonder why you don't find this disconcerting
Oh, you so want there not to be.
@JohnCornyn, you tweet about no collusion, @BernieSanders , Loretta Lynch, etc. But you don't tweet about WHAT YOU DO for #Texas and #Texans
What if we let the investigation proceed and then discuss this? There is some reason (other than being new at this) to try to cover up.
Is the objective to clear Trump of Collusion or to get to the Truth. Country over politics
talk is cheap  anyone can say anything like trump foes all the time like tax returns
You too are in with Flynn and a complicit #GOP. May you always be remembered that way after you are removed from office.
Ethanol is the cleanest Octane on the planet.  Take the ethanol out and it will get replaced by toluene, xylene & other carcinogens. #USA
Fact: Trump openly asked for Russian assistance to hack Americans!
Fact: Russians hacked & provided helpful misinformation
What else needed?
Whenever you tweet this, you should click your heals together 3 times and say "there was no collusion".
You weren't elected to defend a mentally defective president.
Free Beacon is not exactly a reliable news source, @JohnCornyn
Hold your horses. Let's see what the special counsel comes up with. Stop lying to those who don't know better aka Trumpsters
Well there is clear evidence you are colluding with Trump. All you do is tweet to defend him. YOU REPRESENT US NOT HIM #RESIGN
You should have an intern rank the credibility of most of your sources. Unethical, muckraking nonsense.
and the rest are post-credibility. They know their base will hear & appreciate original claim, but not the refutations
Keep pushing, John. You're convincing me there IS evidence that you've seen.
Stop covering for Trump John.   When the investigations are done, then this will be worth reporting, not before.
Cornyn=Trump You have sold us out. Get us an Independent Commission and vote against AHCA NOW or #RESIGN Stop ignorning your constituents
This is you/GOP right now & it's not okay: Don't believe what you see & hear!  Just listen to me/us & read these alternative fact!
Your complicity won't be forgotten
You will not be forgiven
You & Trump will be tied forever
Your legacy will be forsaken
#CountryOverParty
Don't jump to conclusions based on your partisan questioning and tactics. Let Mueller do his job and then maybe you can try doing yours.
what about obstruction?
except secret meetings between #Putin @GenFlynn #Kislyak @gop #Cleveland #Page @PaulManafort #Gorkov #Kushner #colludingcornyn
Your timeline is going to look great in a few months.
John you keep up the hard work you're doing in perpetuating the illusion of no collusion
Justice will prevail & Mueller prove U wrong
Bull, Jonnie Boy.. Yr incompetent buddy's collusion is very evident. Comey made sure of it. You are failing your country. Unpatriotic John.
Grow up! We're not distracted! Stop sabotaging the ACA & fund CSRs #ShowUsTheBill #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
"Will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?" Senator @clairecmc asked today in the Finance Cmte. You should watch: #Trumpcare 
Exactly, they love Trump because they want to try and sneak things by us, as if we were all stupid!
And? If the evidence doesn't show anything Mueller will tell us so. Not 45s boot lickers. #Partyovercountry #YouWorkForUs
https://www.gofundme.com/spinesforthespineless …  Help raise awareness of how terrible Cornyn and Cruz are!
Senator Graham says Trump may be first President to take himself down.
Why do you choose Trump over country???
Stop being Trump's lapdog.
- your constituent
Blue Dogs don't speak for the opposition.
Your new BFF Trump is dirty to the core. It will all come out eventually. Meanwhile you just keep being partisan. It will catch up w/you too
We have seen violations of the emoluments clause.
We have seen signs of obstruction of justice. Why?
I "totally believe" you.
Don't think of an elephant..
Cornyn...you ain't seen nothing yet!  And you are involved....your putting out too many attempts to distract
All arguments are based on TRUTH. You base yours on PROPAGANDA! Which is quite shameful considering you once pledged to find the truth. #Sad
@JohnCornyn it's not over yet! If it quacks like a duck...and the duck has been quacking!
That's because it's still being investigated.
So why are you all wasting taxpayer dollars
But we have seen evidence of obstruction, abuse of power, lying, pay for play, total incompetence...
Your source is very right-wing and frequently publishes misleading info, makes your point less believable. Stop covering up for Trump.
Collusion isn't the issue now and the sad truth is you are ignoring the issue in favor of political gain and at the peril of the country.Sad
@JohnCornyn you must be desperate if your tweeting that nothing report. If @realDonaldTrump was a Dem he would already be out! GOP or USA?
u r a good party man. Unfortunately, I dont respect your party as it doesnt represent me / a large part of Texas or America. Think about it.
We haven't seen you townhall schedule whatsoever!
How hard it is to meet w/constituents in Texas towns & cities?
What are you getting on return for supporting POTUS?!
It'd be wise to refrain from drawing conclusions until the investigations end.
Don't you have work to do, John? Healthcare? National security? Crumbling infrastructure? Get off Twitter and do some work, son.
Let the investigation play out.  You need to be removed from committee - no open mind.
but we have seen tampering and meddling some of his campaign people have not been cleared @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @indtx36
Yah, like I'd believe a trump stooge like Manchin.......or you!
Here in Texas I have not seen any evidence of our senators listening to their constituents whatsoever.
Why are you promoting news from a site called free bacon? Seems totally legit! #sarcasm
Do you think Bob Mueller has?
This is a democrat red herring. Hillary was a terrible candidate, they  lost. Move on.
Senator, did you read "alternative text books" when you were going to law school and take "alternative state boards" to get a law license?
Stop, just stop, retweeting this faux journalism. We all saw and heard. Take some action. Do the right thing for your country. For once
But it is evident Lynch committed a serious ethic violation and possibly obstructed an ongoing investigation!
We haven't seen John Cornyn do his job either.  
The Senator doth protest too much, methinks.
Hard to believe you are taking this investigation in an unbiased way with a goal of finding the truth when u post things like this
Did Sessions get rid of Manchin daughter's DoJ case ?.You remember The Epi-Pen CEO
YET. Investigations aren't over.
Of course, Cornyn's on the Senate Committee "investigating" this. He's clearly uninterested in doing the job he swore to do.
Sen Manchin asked his voters for questions. Since it appears you haven't had time to develop relevant questions, perhaps you can do same?
Cornyn please quit lying to your constituents.  We deserve better. How much have you been paid off to sell out the country for one man? SAD!
Big bucks
Russian donations laundered through tRUmp casinos and GOP.
I know that
Clapper said he'd seen enough to warrant an investigation. Comey says he believed he was fired because he wouldn't drop it
Yates said she warned that Flynn was compromised by Russians and Trumps team took no action until it was leaked to the press
The president won't release his tax returns and his son-in-law met with Russians at the Trump hotel in December without US intel knowledge
Sessions recused himself from the investigation because he failed to disclose 2 contacts with Russians during his confirmation
The heads of all US intel agencies say they are certain the Russians interfered with and tried to hack our election
Manafort,  Cohen, Page (FISA)....
