Another healthy planet move not being supported by POTUS...
That is because Rinos like you is carrying water for Democrats for the last eight years
Put wind Turbine in Washington where all the hot air and excuses come from.
no thanks to the GOP!  Vote blue #AnyoneButCornyn2020
And it was said it would never be sustainable... by who?
Move to more renewable energy is a good thing.
Yet you've been voting AGAINST clean energy for decades.  #WindEnergy and #SolarEnergy produce more jobs and are cheaper and cleaner than gas and oil.  VOTE ACCORDINGLY SENATOR!
I guess Prez Obama was right about clean energy. Yet you didn't back him. Hmmm W TX & Panhandle are benefitting too
#coal is dead. Be sure to tell @POTUS
In 2018, TX wind energy will total 24,400 megawatts and coal 20,370 mw.  Most wind generated right next to the Permian Basin!  #texas
A step in the right direction.  Too much pollution in TX!  Clean energy is coal will never be "clean."
Texas #1 in wind, #4 in solar, #2 in energy efficiency, providing ~250k well paying jobs
#divest from fossil fuel
Invest in #renewables
Texas deserves better than Cornyn and GOP policies.
End the war on coal #maga
Why?  Coal gives fewer jobs and imparts greater health risks, and will wind up being more expensive on a century-long scale.
Good point. Maybe a mistake to talk about bringing back coal and dropping environmental regs. Are politicians playing voters in WV?
Look, the smart thing to do would be for congress to pass legislation incentivizing creation of wind/solar factories in coal towns. Win-win.
No more black lung for the coal miners, and those darn hippie commies in Texas get their wind and solar :P
So why do I keep hearing about the attack on coal? These sound sensible yet I am made to feel like I am not nice to poor coal miners.
Want 2 grow Texas economy & employment rates? Support #RenewableEnergy. It's growing faster than coal & more downstream economic benefits.
paid for by the tax payer.
Yea! Good news!
So your orange Putin puppet is espousing the use of coal and fossil fuels?! Your an effective gutless turd.
Reality. Also reality - coal is OVER so be useful: put some pressure on @EPA & save Clean Power pgm. Our lungs & #climate depend on it
Jeez john- grow a spine or get out
#25amendment #realpatriotsresist
Yay!!!!!
Support HR3282 NO forced Electronic Log Devices to much elec to much driver distraction against owner operators rite to run bus
Not just texas
This is a good thing. Tell President Coal to take a hike. Get thoseminers retrained for 21st century
no thanks to oil company pimps like you...
There are 92 comments. I didn't read them all but they seem to ALL be pro clean energy & not happy w/ u Cornyn. Care to respond? Is your post an FYI, or is it meant to support or oppose wind power? Please be clear!!'
I was under the impression that you preferred coal over wind power because coal was the dominate market in Texas. Was I mistaken?
Eyesores! Not worth the cost to run and maintain them. Clean coal...
Now, that's sad. What happens when all the wind power subsidies go away?

Tax deductions are NOT subsidies.
Tax breaks absolutely are subsidies, and they amount to gov't favoring that industry. Others have to cover that tax burden.
I do work in the energy industry. There are no govt subsidies to our company. We pay incredible taxes and still supply 20,000 great jobs.
I doubt it.
Once again, you're assuming many things. Energy companies pay extreme property taxes. Govt decides value of property/facilities.
Once again? I haven't assumed anything. US subsidies to fossil fuels estimated at $548 billion in 2013. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_subsidies …
Thank you! How viable is reconstructing damaged infrastructure with clean sources? Given advances in tech we get regularly, it could be lots
John, if that the case what are you going to tell your daddy " Trump"
Which makes you wonder why you support coal so much, huh? Your state is smarter than you and your party.
Somewhat confused by this post as you do not seem to support clean energy. But. We'll take it?  Clean energy will create lasting jobs for tx
Well hell we might as well make something of this terrible flatness!
Not if there is no wind or means to store are not improved!!!!
Corny...why is your parties potus pushing fossil fuel?  Stop him and the losers that support fossil fuel immediately.
Finally you post something that's positive for Texas and the country.
Hard to believe there is a bigger hypocrite than @SenTedCruz in Texas, you have the nerve to tout this when you support idiot trump’s coal.
Doesn't that conflict with your boy's agenda?
Duh who would lie to Americans abt COAL really you don't think that train ran its course try Solar power
TRUMP won't be happy to BAD protect our air @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @PoliticalDiscor @ctrnews @indivisiblewv
Useless Drump would have us going backwards ro smog and suet filled cities.Unable to go outside without a mask,YOU'RE okay with that?
Wanna tell that to your POTUS? https://www.facebook.com/HuffPost/videos/537190879958397/ …
Did anyone bother to explain this to #MoronInChief @realDonaldTrump ????
Don't tell your lord and master. He won't be very happy with you.
We switched energy companies specifically for renewable sources, it is the way of the future.
But then Trump will stomp it to death...you know, CLEAN COAL!
Maybe you should explain this to @realDonaldTrump and EPA Secretary Price.
Glad everything that is good for the environment is not getting the ax.
So why are you and the rest of the Repugs still backing Trump and his coal agenda?
Only about 50K coal mining jobs left; get President to focus on the future (wind, solar), not bury his head in the past (coal)
Someone who is afraid to speak up against Trump and how the EPA is getting rid of everything.
Go wind power! We need more clean energy to combat climate change and Texas is the leader in wind! Thanks for sharing.
As usual the GOP thinks it's 1817 & not 2017 propping up the coal industry & screwing miners out of transitioning to 21st century jobs
And yet you are in the pocket of oil companies and backed a President who is pushing Big Coal and screwing over workers. Pick a side.
He picks the side that lines his pockets with cash. He's consistent that way.
Don’t tell Trump
Change ur stance on coal?
Does John Cornyn condone sexual assault?
Now time to put that west Texas Sun to  work and transfer & store to fuel cells
Don't let your buddy, trump, know that you're posting this article...thought that you were a clean coal patron...
Another lie from DJT to his supporters. They won't be happy when they won't get coal jobs back. We told you trump is a moron.
Are you tweeting a lament or recognising this as the positive development it is?
Thank god we have a pro-coal POTUS says no one - bloody freaking idiots in Washington
But donald said  coal was making a comeback.
Hat tip to @joshdr83 @EnergyUT for getting this assessment out quickly.
Instead of propping up the coal industry, the federal government should help its workers transition to other industries.
And yet how many times have you voted against clean energy solutions to appease your donors?
That’s actually a good thing
Yet your buddy Trump wants to stifle it to prop up coal. Hmmmm
Tell the President.
What is your malfunction! McCain is the one fight brain cancer!
2545
High time this happened! Bless your heart.
Senator, I’m a constituent. This would seem to be a market-driven result.  Why should govt. interfere to prop up coal?
Don't mention that to your emperor , he won't like that.
One of my kids is going into that field but Trump's policies will decrease the demand for his skills. You working to fix this?
I think he's trolling us.
Time to vote you out!
The inevitable finally gets to clueless @JohnCornyn. Psst,  John,  more people use cell phones today than 20 yrs ago,  too. Wake up!
Trump issues executive order to curtail wind power, hoping to save wind from being used up. Also, will require coal take over for briquets.
Why then do u vote against clean energy. Townhall please explain!
Must have gotten new donors from manufacturing, the engines, blades etc provide 3x the jobs of coal & we will kill less from black lung, etc
about time
And yet your party and POTUS support dirty coal just to be spiteful jackasses. Party of no values.
So you support the war on coal! Glad  you put Texas before party.
So , Senator please put your considerable influence behind Wind Power.
My 5 year-old understands that wind is power and yet our Prez whom you wholeheartedly & blindly support doesn't get it. Perhaps, you might explain wind power to him. My 5 y/o also told me that clean air comes from trees. Seems PBS kids could teach legislators too!
Awesome news, finally we’re moving away from the destructive folly of the 20th century
I hope so! There are more jobs in solar and wind. We need all the jobs we can get.
Clean energy=good. Do good things for the American people.
And Texas wins.  Wind and solar are now and future. Coal is dead and polluting
Shhh, don’t tell dumbass POTUS!
Hmmm...you know something we don't?  Have to watch this more CLOSELY!
https://www.workboat.com/news/offshore/trumps-tax-reform-plans-threaten-wind-power-financing/ …

Well that is one positive thing. Now if U could get rid of Trump and legalize medical marijuana that would be better.  U would be tolerated.
How much longer & how many more taxpayer dollars are going to be used to subsidize windmills? Stop foolishly spending money we don't have!
A drop in the bucket compared to these.
Why haven't you spoken out about Trump not implementing sanctions on Russia for interfering with our election
Even the getaway driver in a bank robbery where someone is murdered is just as guilty of murder as the actual murder
The colors are clearly defined: vote blue for Democrats or vote #RussianRed for Republicans
I sure hope so!
Wind turbines are horrific blights on the horizon they are and need to be stopped.
No brainer Should be that way all across the USA
