...online biography names him as an adviser to Comey.  Wonder if he had security clearance @johnand2015  @Flag_Girl2 @gdshaver16 @ikosark
Comey was not a credible note taker, he was fired on Fri, wrote memos over weekend. @dizzypam @johnand2015 @joeantfahuntr41 @DeploredWarrior
Howdy....you were with Comey so you know when he wrote his memos?
Seriously, if memos were on his FBI laptop, they belong to gov., why would he carry his personal computer around at work, logic.
Howdy....I am a retired federal employee....I had my personal laptop with me often.  Along with my government one..
Guess my 30 years as a federal employee and having some knowledge of facts doesn't matter here.
Thank God for this man!!! Hopefully we will find the traitors in the Trump White House as a result
Aren't you a lawyer? You should know that there is no criminality in this.
But John's completely aligned on the side of perpetuating propaganda now. He has turned his back on our country. #ProtectOurDemocracy
#tmaketexasblue2018and2020
Cornyn... Comey did NOT leak classified information.  Your president did.  You're an idiot if you do NOT address that
His memos where his own...nothing classified. . no problem except they indicate the idiot-in-chief to be stupid.  He is a con man.  Like you
Didn't think I would ever say it, but hail Comey and this Columbia law professor. These were acts of patriotism to protect us from sedition!
Who leaked this mans name?! I'm appalled!! Wrong!!
...and I thank him for it!

Look like patriotism to me!
Pretty low your smearing Comey for Trump But your ok with Russia hacking  our election .Tells me a lot about you Guess you worship Putin too
.@JohnCornyn wants a piece of the Russian Kleptocrat pie for himself.
It appers that way
It was unclassified, personal memos and so not a leak, as you well know. Why do you feel the need to misinform? Nervous about something?
A "private" citizen does NOT leak. Wake up and represent the people of Texas and this country, and not lobbyist & big donors.
Not a leak. Personal recollection of events.
Not a leak. Wasn't confidential. Quit lying for this corrupt pres. Put country over party.
You mean: "#whistleblower #Comey chose Columbia law prof, expert in evidence & federal criminal law, a former federal prosecutor, to assist"
Not a leak.  Sad someone who should know what  leak is has no clue.   Doesn't surprise me considering he doesn't know how to represent
Very telling that you use the same tactics that the russians did in the 2016 election. No wonder you're not concerned about preventing it.
Private not the same as classified. 1,242 days until 11-6-20
Payhetic that u worry more about the leak than lying, treasonous donnie
Are you working for the Russian

And here is Daniel's wife.
Questions about Comey, Maj Whip? Have Sally Yates return to give you another lesson on jurisprudence & legal history.
not "leaking" if it's personal info and unclassified. #pivoting #partyhack #trumprussiancollusion #ObstructionOfJustice #CountryOverParty
Key word here is "private".
It seems that either you think we're ignorant, or you're comfortable letting us think you are. Sad!
Are you more concerned about Russia and Lyin' Don or a Private citizen and unclassified information? Loyalty to Trump or ?
Sen, until you are as outraged abt ominous threats to our democracy, outraged Texans will work their big hearts out to replace you (77030)
So? You're worried more about possible leaks than anything! That's BS!
Focus on the leaking aspect all you want, it doesn't make the substance of WHAT was leaked go away.
He didn't leak, he "released" Comey's notes.
Isn't illegal.
With a friend like Comey.....
When will the Senate Intelligence committee request the Trump tapes?
On FBI payroll as a consultant as claimed on his website?
Traitor with a Smile
Fatal attraction
Now he is in hiding
Yeah and....
I'm looking forward to NOT voting for you at the earliest opportunity.
The one person leaking the one private memo. Get a grip.
Cornyn- have you made a loyalty pledge to Donald Trump?
Thank you for being my Senator.
Why do you hate America!
@realDonaldTrump 
Q: So the President lied?

Comey: Lies, plain and simple 

Rethuglicans: We got nuthin'
So what? He was a private citizen by then, it wasn't confidential since Trump had already put his version out.
Who cares about the ethical train wreck that is the Trump administration. Let's run w/ the "leak" narrative. 
It's not a leak if he's sharing his personal recollection of events. But u stick w/45 so u can cut taxes for the rich. #priorities
Why is this man not arrested? Why has the Justice Department not obtained a warrant for his computer? The swamp monsters are still alive!
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Private citizen releasing unclassified documents.  Why can't people share unclassified info?     Are you throttling free speech?
And you pander 2 protect an elite anti-democracy WH who attacks free speech, Bill of Rights & Constitution. But who's counting?
And he did nothing wrong/illegal. Executive privilege does not apply here. Why does the GOP protect this dangerous president?
Politicians go through 3rd parties or speak 'with the condition of anonymity' all the time. Stop being a #hypocrite and resign.
He is a patriot - because you will not do your job to protect the country! .@indivisibleATX .@indivisibleHOU hold you accountable !
Coward! Texas will elect someone who can see when the Country is in danger and protect her! .@indivisibleATX
But what about the substance, Senator?
Accessory to defame POTUS!!
Sharing unclassified information is not leaking, but you know this. You're just as invested in Trump's Russia ties as he is though, huh?
How exactly is it a leak if there was no classified info and he was a private citizen? Are you taking your #deza cues directly from Russia?
Focus John, RUSSIA is the problem! Country first!
This isn't a philosophical difference anymore, GOP are actively undermining the Constitution. But why? Y'all know Trump is a moron hack, too
Like, are y'all that power hungry, delusional or compromised none of y'all will speak truth to power on this dangerous megalomaniac?
Again, you focus on leaks, ignoring the elephant named DT. Reason for leaking: Comey didn't trust Congress to hold DT responsible. Very sad.
Exactly! Comey's private memos that he, himself, released.  Trump gave classified intel to Russia! Huge difference here.  No faith in Cornyn
We will soon know all the unamerican sobs. Leakers, commies, traitors that have infiltrated gov!
so what?
Leaks do not make DJT's actions any less wrong
Comey wrote his memos in a way so they wouldnt be classified and he could freely give to the public. no wrongdoing
Thank God he did. He's a HERO!
Quit trying to avoid the obvious. Have you no character. Go take a leak.
His unauthorized release of private communications happened before POTUS Tweet! It was printed in NYT the day before! Comey is a Liar!
This is one.  Some people believe in UFOs
The Prof is a true guardian of the Republic. You Sir are a political hack who is only looking out for yourself and your party.
How about charging this guy with receiving confidential govt property?
Of course, journalists in the media are going to see what's going on. Trump has an answer: "fake news". More Haha'. 
Define leak.
A patriot that will stand up for our country!!! Unlike two Texas Senators elected to do so.
Whistleblowers have legal protection. You want corruption to be kept a secret? What kind of patriot are you, sir? Any ethical compass left?
I think "back room" dealing on healthcare is much worse than a private citizen allowing his memos to be shared with the public, just saying.
Why isn't this person in trouble too?
Leaked unclassified documents to the American people he serves? Oh no. 

#cornynresign
You can't "leak" private memos. And Daniel Richman now appears to have way more integrity than you, @JohnCornyn. You continue to sell us out
A private memo that is published with consent, is not leaked, no matter how many times you GOP members repeat the statement.
Stop deflecting!! This is about  POTUS firing an FBI Director to stop an investigation of him!!
Real story: Cornyn working against Texans' interests. I didn't say new story, just real story.
The very fact he leaked and why he leaked should immediately disqualify the "independent" counsel. I don't understand how you missed that.
Nothing Christian about you, sir. Unclassified. Trump leaked classified. Do you understand the difference?
Good for him.  It's the only way we the people know what is going on when MoCs try to sweep this all under the rug.
We the people are more concerned with the treasonous @POTUS and your connections with him. #CornynTheApparatchik
It's not actually a leak to discuss unclassified recollections.
This Columbia law prof is a hero, and you're a traitor to your country. You're also a coward who refuses to meet constituents.
It's not a LEAK. He's a private citizen and these were his experiences. Come on. Someone needed to make sure this info got out.
Oh whoops. There is the small matter of the FBI Employment Agreement forbidding all disclosure of info REGARDLESS of classification! Busted!
why is there no outrage of Comey leaks? He admitted leaking.
Lie, deflect, distract,  his own personal memo and he was no longer in the FBI
He knowingly and selectively leaked Comey work product and Presidential conversations to create false Trump suspicion. Can he be prosecuted?
Unfortunately we are living in a time where all the President's men are untrustworthy and will lie. The country has to depends on leakers..
..in order to establish the truth. All you, Trump and the @GOP need to do is tell the truth, to move on with your agenda, but instead..
..the President, the WH and @GOP criticizes and blames the reputation of Americans. You look guilty! Change the conversation. Tell the truth
You need to ask yourself where the leaks are originating? It's the White House! The staff are American patriots and have deep concerns.
I pray daily that Hillary face justice, not saying she's guilty, but I want her to face justice.
Just an empty suit.
Comey is a private citizen now so his memos were made public not leaked!
Stop quaking in your boots. Impeach little lyin Donnie for obstruction of justice. conflict of interest. Incompetence.
Remember! Little lyin Donnie lost the general election. To A Girl! He's just a bully. Caught with his little hands in the Russian cookie jar
Impeach lyin little Donnie! Now!
Hey, johnnie, stop shaking in your boots whenever little lyin Donnie muscles his way. Grow some balls. Lyin Donnie obstructed justice.
Thank god there are patriots left on the planet! Leak that anti American republic
Or you could respond as a patriotic American alarmed at presidential abuse of power. You represent us, not @potus! #DoYourJob
It's not a crime or a leak.
There should be a special counsel to investigate Comey leaks. Meuller is not independent from Comey.
... now put this childishness aside and get to work putting our national security and elections back in order!
His copy of memo should be subpoenaed.
You need to focus on why Trump is letting the Russians have their way with him without even buying him dinner first.
This is so embarrassingly dishonest.
Not classified.
Because he knew the President would lie.  How can you not see that Trump is a lier?  You need to listen to your constituents about Russia
Question now should be how many times has he done this. Please ask for investigation of this guy.
You do understand that giving unclassified info to the media is not "leaking," right? You're making the senator look stupid, lackey staffer.
You have been there sooo long you have forgotten who you work for.  Have you also been co-opted by the Russians.  Comey did the right thing!
Comey's patsy!
it's not a leak if it's not classified and his own document
Why don't you pay more attention to the citizens of the USA.
a true patriot. Thank you Daniel Richman!
Private citizen gives unclassified info to press, nothing to see here.  Why are you shilling for Trump, you should be demanding he resign?
Thank goddess we have true patriots in this country.
now it's not really a leak but you know that already #partyovercountry #newtothis #nointegrity
President tells Russians highly classified documents and then further exposes classified on global TV "I never said Israel", you are silent?
It's crystal clear that you have no intention to getting to the bottom of RUSSIA INTERFERING w OUR ELECTION. Who are you protecting?#Treason
Do you not get it? Russia has been attacking us since 2015. This is a patriot sir. Will you choose Russia or your country?
I want a patriot senator, where can I get one of those? @RepBetoORourke is looking pretty good!
Comey has been allowed to cost taxpayers millions in resources. He should be punished to the full extent of the law.
Your complicity won't be forgotten
You will not be forgiven
You & Trump will be tied forever
Your legacy will be forsaken
#CountryOverParty
It's not leaking, it's whistleblowing. When you vilify those that are shedding light on corruption, you're not doing too great.
Key point, Trump attempted to stop a federal investigation and when Comey wouldn't stop, Trump fired the head of the FBI. Country>Party?
Not a very good professor if can be talked into breaking spying law
Should investigate this guy too along with comey, Hillary, lynch and obozo! All criminals!
For real? You want to smear the reputation of a law enforcement officer with high integrity praised by GOP and DEMS alike to defend TRUMP?
What she said  How can @JohnCornyn not see Trump is a lier?
I think you need to come back to TEXAS and help get some worth while bills passed
Ok. So now we need to know about this unnamed reporter, since the beginning of the chain is going public.
@Varneyco I got no use for this guy. He's an idiot for getting involved and letting himself get used by Comey. And Comey outs him on TV
I'm guessing the reason this professor is not under arrest is that it is *not illegal* for a private citizen to release an unclassified doc.
You keep defending him. Birds of a feather.
Exactly how compromised are you?  What do they have on you that is keeping you in line despite the obviousness of what you are doing?
You certainly weren't doing anything. How much money did you take from the Russians? Are you complicit? Will you be snared?
Given that you here are fully accepting the memo as factual (as it cannot be a leak if it is not true)-how do you feel about that meeting?
Got tht $3mil payoff stashed already? You're a school yard bully taking lunch $$ buhbye
Cornyn legacy as AG & Judge gone, all that is left is Corny the GOP bootlicker
You embarrassed Texas yesterday, and explain how is it leaking for a private citizen to pass on his unclassified notes of his meetings?
How is it leaking if they are his private memos and are not confidential?
But it wasn't an illegal leak of any kind... Stop spinning for your Orange god.
Please stop wasting time on this non issue. Repeal of Dodd Frank & passage of AHCA are real threats to America.. Vote no on both. #DoddFrank
That this "leak" is your concern only solidifies you are unfit for office.
No outrage here. Keep trying, sir.
And thats more important then Russia meddling in our election process?  #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #kushner #COVERUP #sad #JOKE
The term leaking has no place in this scenario. 
What are you hiding in exchange for your loyalty or are you just being duped?
This narrative is a distraction John & you know it. Put the country before your party for once. Trump is an incompetent disgrace
If they are his memos, its hardly a leak, its a release.
Good thing he did. Right now our Republican leaders would allow us to be directed by a Russian mobster in return for power. Sellouts!
It's not a leak when Comey asked him to share his unclassified personal memos. You didn't even stay for the entire hearing, just stop.
How often has Comey been the "high level official" leaker?  Do he and Preet still work for Schumer?
Yes what else did he leaked while being FBI director something needs to be done about this
this is not the same as classified leaks. Stop misrepresenting to tarnish Comey's reputation.
Stop covering for Trump and subpoena the tapes for proof
Please resign.
Private not classified.  Learn the difference.
He was willing to risk his job and reputation to make sure people saw this. That's a little something called "integrity."
You wouldn't know about that, though.
Telling that you're more concerned with discrediting a whistleblower than investigating what he was warning you about.
Cornyn you're embarrassing Texas. Get to the bottom of the Russia collusion or get out the way.
Way more concerned about the content than the leaker. This is what happens when our checks & balances or our institutions fail us...ahem
He was the one who leaked federal documents drafted on federal time regarding federal matters. He knew it was classified, and still leaked!
He's one helluva Law Professor, participating in a felony. You would think he would advise his friend of the law he's breaking. DEM HACK!
Chaffetz leaked. Nunes leaked. Comment on them.
Thank you for the red herring this morning but I will pass.  Trump is in bed w Russia  We all need to know how badly, & we need your help.
If you think posting a threat to a citizen is okay for a president then you need to retire. Comey was a citizen at that point.
Is Comey responsible for any other leaks??
Your re election will not be kind to you
None of this changes the facts. You're shielding a lying traitor. And that makes you both as well.
Press charges if you think it was illegal. (Hint: it wasn't)
I'm going to use your words. 
"You're silly"
You can't leak your own memos as a priv citizen and If you allow them 2 be released, not a leak
Time for all Texans to call Cornyn's offices again. I've had best success calling local office. Look up yours on his website
Good for America.We are tired of you cheating ass no good for us repubs
We're not dumb. Not a leak. Can't leak unclassified info. Do you think books are leaks?Should books be banned?That's the next logical step.
you finally found the "leakers" eh? congrats. looking forward to you bringing them both to justice. what's that? it was % legal? ohhh well
Being an atty. you should know this is criminal.
So your concern is the leaker not then Russian investigation Russia Texas let's worry about the liquor what's wrong with that picture
1)Not classified information (and the president is a liar). 2)Don't pass a senate version of AHCA. 3)You have a large head.
Are you that daft? Do you think the people you represent are that daft? Seems to me you are trying to deflect, hmmmmm maybe it is your turn?
Not classified info so no big deal.  Comey did us all a favor
So, to clear this up, @realDonaldTrump will submit to ques & lie-detector test @FBI HQ by Mueller & provide sworn testimony to congress?
Fake senator shares dumb story
Payback from Comey,Pres. others suspected leakers from intel,only thing not leaked was actual truth,Pres.never under investig.Comey,Leaker.
