Huh. @JohnCornyn just endorsed CBO finding that 22 million fewer would be covered under GOP bill. Just casts it as a choice for all of them https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/882923546305024002 …
It is not government's role to take care of able-bodied people. They can serve as a safety net for the chronically ill.
A government's first and foremost responsibility is to ALL of it's people
FREEDOM JOHN ISREMINDING UR CONSTITUENTS THAT UWANT THEM DEAD! UTAKE AWAY #ACA SO THEY DIE! B*STARD! GIVE UPUR HEALTHCARE! WHERES UR FREEDOM
Gosh maybe you shud penalize people who make bad med insur choices to force them into a good choice that's better 4 everyone. LIKE FINE THEM
Millions are denied Medicaid because GOP states did not expand.  People may not know they are eligible.  Once again, you're trying to 1/2
Also...glad to know that now you're in favor of choice! Hope it applies to women's reproductive health as well as other human bodies.
I seriously pray for you daily, because you are sad and depraved individual.

There are 4.8 million Texans relying on Medicaid, but about 700,000 in the coverage gap as I am sure you know.
You are working on behalf of the insurance and pharmaceutical companies. How many pieces of silver did it take?
Excuse ME???  I remember 19 (red) states deciding they were too dumb/proud/conservative to expand Medicaid.
Liar
Do you have data to back up ANYTHING you say? Ever?
And why can't you put a period on your sentences?
The kewl kids don't use terminal periods on texts. This tells me Cornyn's social media intern is posting for him.
Doesn't that claim contradict the GOP claims that millions are abusing the system and are lazy freeloaders?
#GOPlies
In any other state but Texas! Plus the GOP would like to eliminate Medicaid. You truly speak with a forked tongue!!!
peddle the lie that millions will volunteer to give up healthcare.  No one is buying this GOP lie so quit peddling it like its snake oil.
Best reason in the world for taking HC so many of us rely on, @JohnCornyn is a genius /s
#SaveACA #SaveMedicaidSaveLives
Not sure if it's a matter of choice, think it is confusion & ignorance. Especially since everything HC is being sabotaged by @GOP
wow. Guess you missed that whole part that TX refused to expand Medicaid.
And Wisconsin!
Hey John? I work in a hospital. Nonfunded patients are a HUGE problem for the system.
As someone who thinks he can write laws on healthcare, that may be something you should look into.
It might explain a little something about why our costs are so astronomically high compared to other countries. Among other things.
Why are you even trying? This man obviously has  for brains.  Guarantee he'll have healtth insurance.
I guess because I'm too obstinate not to? I agree that I have little hope it'll change anything though.
Just stop.
- As always people will complain until they look at the other terrible options. Just repeal or simply let the current fail.
@ThePlumLineGS do u have any idea how hard it is to get Medicaid in Texas? I am sure u do not! #StopTrumpCare
Back your comment up with proof
I would like 2 see proof of this comment. If u r in a hosp & qualify for medicaid, the hospital's social workr will help u fill out the app!
Do you actually believe this crap? #TurnTXBlue
Instead of replacing AHC, we should replace YOU!
The only people who choose not to sign up for Medicaid haven't been sick yet
That's a lie and u know it!  Medicaid is not free.
It is free if you prove you qualify. You must meet all requirements & provide requested documentation or be rejected.
So then we should just take it away from those that want it, bc some don't?  Is that really your argument?  You are grasping at straws.
You are such a bigoted/racist liar on top of promoting treason in the GOP regarding Mueller. Go ahead defend the treasonous guy in the white house...Mueller gone will bring masses of people to the streets in protest. You do NOT love this country. You only luv $$$$$

Bwahaha really?
22 million more individual choices w/the freedom to select the plan (or not) of their preference.  #LifeLibertyAndThePursuit
Standing with Republicans to pass bill
But the option needs to be there.  Keep in mind most people using medicare have already paid a lot into it.

Don't suppose you would consider bartering a little gun control for ACA:
Yeah, its like Texas qualifying for BILLIONS under ACA and rejecting it. We cannot wait to reject you.
Millions who qualify are not enrolled because GOP govs REFUSED to expand Medicaid under ACA. Facts are stubborn things. YOU LIE!
Millions who DO sign up will be thrown off by your AHCA. Many are poor, disabled, elderly in nursing homes. GOP is absolutely heartless.
You need to study up on some of the reasons that these people do not sign up. In most cases it is not because of reasoned voluntary choice.
States (like TX in particular) fight tooth-and-nail to make it hard to sign up and stay enrolled (1). #BCRA would make it even harder (2).
Sources, please? I'll ask again tomorrow.
Seems as though you don't understand the difficulties in obtaining & remaining on Medicaid.
maybe they dont need it and are making a moral choice to let others use it who do. Maybe you could find out ? instead of posting meaningless
Why don’t you renounce your gold-plated, taxpayer- funded health insurance, with its on-site private clinic?
@ThePlumLineGS  being poor and having obstacles placed in front of you is just a mystery to you huh?!
Mr. Cronyn, how do you know they are "choosing" to not sign up?
FFS, move on to the next GOP talking point cuz this one is getting tiresome
You are LITERALLY not making any sense now.
I make too much money for medicaid.  Wonder if i could buy in.  Maybe @JohnCornyn could educate us how to apply. Or we need lawyers?
Why do they not choose? Do they know they can? Do you know? What will you do to ensure they do sign up?
Millions are unclear or mislead as to their qualifying. Others choose not to, why destroy it for everyone else it works for.
But! I thought Obamacare was failing!!

https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/7/4/1677893/-Trump-s-own-Department-of-Health-and-Human-Services-Obamacare-working-as-intended-not-failing?detail=emaildkre …
How many of them are children and disabled elderly? Have you ever put your judgement aside and asked with an open mind why this would be?
My mother would apply but makes $40 a month too much.
Where can this info be found?
lies, no one chooses not to sign up shit face.maybe your talking about those who have been turned down for 1 reason or other?
I know. What are those 3-year-olds thinking not signing up.
Bullshit.
#FakeNews #AlternativeFact There will be a special place in Hell for Cornyn, @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP #DeathPanels - next to Hitler & Hussein.
You are great at lying.
Have a pre-existing condition. Would NOT choose to lose insurance. In my early 60's, fully employed at Baptist church and have to buy my own
But there are multiple millions more that do & need it to survive. You want to take it away in the name of "freedom".  That's idiotic.
So you justify cuts because some folks can't afford it as it stands? 

GOP logic is twisted, just like their ethics and morality.
I'd love to see the studies and/or statistics stating how MILLIONS who qualify "CHOOSE" not to have medicaid.
Not being aware of eligibility is not "choosing" to not enroll.
I lot of people don't even know it's available.
Please provide source to support this claim.
Fake Statement. There are different types of Medicaid John, perhaps if you, I don't know read up on it you would know this? Something tells
me you fail to read up on anything that doesn't affect you personally John. Your arrogance in saying 22 million will choose to be w/o
insurance shows this, you speak as someone who has never had to choose between food or insurance, clothes or insurance, etc.
Coming from our state that declined to expand it......you're really looking foolish John.
What exactly is that number in Texas?
Millions who qualify have their applications denied and need to appeal, all the while spending billions of tax dollars in the ER. Old man.
You are such a Liar!
@ThePlumLineGS Fake News John.
The only way to "choose Medicaid" in TX is to be literally destitute. TX didn't expand Medicaid. TX GOP lied about having "better" way.
You need to provide evidence of this claim, because it sounds too ridiculous to be even slightly true
You can't get something in Texas that isn't available to adults, you twit.
They would be covered if they choose.
i *could* have qualified for medicaid, except i live in TX, where you refused expansion. i tried. don't 'count' me in your pretend numbers.
When was last time you actually talked to people who need Medicaid? Or ppl who struggle but don't qualify?
Free -loaders when they get sick they want the best healthcare and dont want to pay for it
You need to quit while you're behind and stop blathering about things you're incapable of comprehending
LOL at least ppl can finally see that these GOPers are just fascist right wing nut jobs. Tax cuts for the rich and mass murder of the poor.
I wonder why. Maybe you should find out why and do something about it senator.
Perhaps because in states like yours eligible people are blocked by lack of funding or lack of Medicaid expansion. #moreGOPlies
Again, you're isolated and clueless. You don't really know any of these folks, Do you?
You keep saying this, but do you really believe it? Do you really think people find Medicaid pointless?
This timely article from @ProPublica popped up in my feed:
https://www.propublica.org/article/the-medicaid-threat-that-isnt-getting-much-attention …
That would explain the lotteries some states have... have you been living under a rock!?
They are denied and have to start over your full of it
The same was true of the Chips program. Believe or not, most adults want to take care of themselves without government handouts.
We are not Europe and I don't want to be. History teaches a government big enough to provide all needs is big enough to enslave you. NO!

Then how about this: a program to help more people sign up for it? I bet you'd get a lot of support for that. BUT O NO YOU NEED THAT TAX CUT
Many are denied
Millions of eligible voters don't vote due to voter suppression. Answer is'nt  do away with voting!  Rather encourage more people to vote.
True, but we should try to fix that problem, not make it worse.  We all pay 4 the high uninsured rate either thru premiums or taxes.
Do you know what the Medicaid process is like?
People hire lawyers to get Medicaid, Medicare, SSDI, etc.
Once again, it's not free.
Do you ever think before you tweet or speak?
Gosh- so U must support a mass education program to help people LEARN to "choose" things that help them keep living, right?
Millions of us that sign up for insurance pay for those that don't buy it. Why should they get a free pass so others can get kicked off?
@ThePlumLineGS Do you know how hard t is to learn about and apply for social services?  Fix THAT!
What about the millions of people who will lose their Medicaid????
