Every day the Republicans don't repeal Obama care, u make those of us who voted f or Trump  furious
You're pushing a bill that will put hospitals out of business, so quit pretending you care about our healthcare.  We know you don't care.
Rude. Texas deserves better than Cornyn.
We must remove him and Cruz... let's do this!!!
I think @RepBetoORourke can beat Cruz!
Me too.. I'm going to work hard to make this happen!!
 looking forward to the celebration!
11 ppl in the pic. 8 will lose coverage because preexisting, 5 because they are women. one will get tax break for being a rich white dude.
Until you give them insurance that won't cover anything and they die.
A loophole could allow insurance plans to once again discriminate against the sick.
Do not pass Trumpdon't care
Did you break the news to them that you want to take away their insurance and their home because of medical debts? And you smile!!
And how many of those depend on insurance and Medicaid? You are a con and a fraud, just like trump.
So, what  are you  doing  to keep   #JaredKushner away from classified info?
Hope you actually looked them in the eye, smiled, and told them personally theyre too expensive and should die. #TrumpcareDeathPanels
Your comment please.
Pediatricians have a message for the Senate: “It is impossible to cut Medicaid without hurting children.” #KeepKidsCovered 
"...depend on Texas's children's hospitals" since they now have health coverage thru Obamacare that you are trying to take away?
Mark this on the calendar, you actually met w/ constituents.   Glad there is a pic to prove it
Did u tell them essential benefits coverage will be stripped? Pre-existing conditions?  Healthcare should not depend on what STATE u live in
They won't be able to depend on any hospitals after you & GOP gangsters take away  health care. Steal from the poor to give to the rich.
Now how about you meet with democrats and independents to improve ACA for ALL.
When are you planning on holding a townhall to discuss your healthcare bill?
Wow, that is cold. How many of those kids will lose coverage from pre-existing conditions/lifetime caps under your giant tax cut ahem bill?
I can't believe you're tweeting this while simultaneously supporting BCRA. The height of hypocrisy.
Now Cornyn get to work on passing the health care act
did you tell them their all screwed with CornynCare ?
Were you smiling when u told them that the GOP bill would strip coverage from the poor?
Senator vote against me dying please.
Wow, I hope none of them were on Medicaid!
did you actually LISTEN to them? Facebook post says photo op only, you would not talk to them. Shame on you!
Then why do you want, by policy, to kill so many of them? Do you not understand the UMBRELLA effect of policy?
Irrelevant BS, as usual, John.
Right before you kill them, I guess.
Better pass that sub par healthcare to take it all away from them
Did they tell you about hitting lifetime caps- oh those don't exist anymore (yet)
#NoBRCA TX hospitals and children will fail if your wealth- care bill passes The loss of Medicaid funds will ruin TX economy and hurt people
You know what my daughter's children's hospital held a news conference today saying they are against this bill
Hospitals that depend on Medicaid.
Why isn't my family important? why is it ok for my nephew 2 die,he needs continued support so he can stay at home?U R determined 2 kill him?
@JeffFlake & @SenJohnMcCain (4 me) & @JohnCornyn & @tedcruz (4 my family) Are ALL part of death panel (they're determined 2 kill my nephew)
Until they get kicked out & dropped because of pre-existing conditions. Isn't that right, John? Cruz wants to end essential benefits too.
Now go visit the ailing elderly in the nursing homes to understand why Medicaid is a must for them too.
And broke the news to them that I don't give a dam abt their needs we will cut your health insurance  ending your suffering

Have you spoken to leadership at TCH in Houston about the BCRA? I'm sure they'd love to comment.
#cowardcornyn
How can you look them in the eye knowing you want to deny them access to medical care?
Did you tell the children that Trumpcare will give them a lifetime cap.
Great photo! I'm sure @JenArnoldMD shared lots of reasons why we need you to #saveMedicaid for kids in Texas!
Hope they realize you're only there for the photo op & really don't give a rat's rump about them.  #resist
So you can take the photo opp, but still work to reduce/remove their care. Wow, that's heartless.
Ironic since you're gutting Medicaid & letting Abbott have free rein 2 torch fragile kids protections & keep them out of hospitals & NH.
Are you looking forward to voting yes on a bill that will devestate rural hospitals in TX?
Dear John, 
You're still missing the point. WE DO NOT WANT repeal & replace. We just want REPEAL. Bring down Obamacare. @GOP @AWRHawkins
Ironic that you want  to  take away their healthcare.
Did you tell them that ship has sailed if you have any say in it.

To be clear: new #Trumpcare deems maternity care, mental health treatment and Rx drugs as essential for Congress but not rest of Americans. https://twitter.com/sarahkliff/status/885575745191497732 …
How do even respect yourself? Your bill slashes Medicaid, and penalizes pre-existing conditions. Are you that pathological? Ugh
Next go to a nursing home and see those who you & your party will hose over with your BCRA/AHCA bull crap so wealthy folks can keep more $$.
Lie to them too?
Posing and pretending to understand how to fix healthcare is your thing. You do it well!
Wait a minute! Those are multi-milionaire midgets from TLC's reality tv show stardom. They can go anywere their cash cow TV show takes them.
Yet by supporting #BRCA you will be harming both with massive #Medicaid cuts & destroying patient protections
You're a fraud, @JohnCornyn !
Your wealthcare bill will let many Americans die to give yourself and your friends tax breaks! #Immoral!
Nice photo op to try & counter the toxic Trumpcare bill
WOW so many preexisting conditions in one pic, that will all be denied coverage thanks to your bill. And you actually think this is good?
Why pose for pictures when you could care less about them getting any kind of care
Did you ask any of them how pre-existing conditions & lifetime limits will eventually effect their kids' lives?
A group of people you intend to shit all over with the passing of the senate healthcare bill.
Let's hope they live through your abominable Health Care bill
Did you lie to their sweet little faces and tell them how much you care, how Cruz's amendment will be so good for them? Of course u did.

 Here are the consumer protections the Cruz amendment wipes out: 
Will you enjoy attending their funerals if the GOP healthcare bill passes?
#hypocrite 
#RotInHell
2020: I'm proud to say #bcra worked! Hcare so much better, hospital almost empty now. Unrelated, but also proud of 5000 new mortuary jobs
Most Rep voters are NOT POOR! Stop writing bills for them! Help them by REPEAL and free market HC will reduce prices & increase options! DUH
Some of those kids you will refuse to allow them healthcare.  May God know exactly what to do with you
Did you explain to them that you would have voted yes on any of the horrible versions of the healthcare bill just because of party?
New Senate health bill has exemption for Congress's own health coverage. Because OF COURSE. 
You deserve the best of everything, right John?
Damn dude, this is next-level evil.
OMG!  The Little Couple!  Nice to see them.
Bet they were there to plead with you not to cut Medicaid. Thus this photo op is as disgusting & misleading as your healthcare bill.
Yet by #BCRA, you are pre-meditating the murder of 100k's of Americans, including CHILDREN. For billionaire tax cuts.
"Y'all seem nice, but my bosses need a tax cut.  Smile for the camera."
Did they talk to you about their reliance on Medicaid?
Who will lose Medicaid funding under Trumpcare. You hypocrite.
Did you tell them you are terminating their insurance so you can give those tax cuts to the rich? Did they applaud?
You gonna vote to take away their healthcare orrrr
You craven P.O.S.
Congrats! At least you have the courage to meet the kids you are trying to kill, or did you just lie to them like you do to us?
too bad they won't have access with your healthcare bill that will kill Americans
You mean like the ones you're going to rip away their healthcare with your hateful plan?!?!?
Wow. Nice contrived photo op. Your publicist is on fleek!
Did u explain that they now qualify as pre-existing cond & if your  passes, their insurance will screw them?#SaveOurCare #SaveMedicaid
Just wow. That's so hypocritical!
Did you tell them how this new bill is endorsed by hospital assns? No? Fancy that- hospitals don't endorse it
wonderful!  Now let's protect all the rural hospitals.  #ProtectPreExistingConditions #PreserveMedicaidExpansions. #NOTaxcut
How beautiful!
http://files.kff.org/attachment/fact-sheet-medicaid-state-TX …  Two out of five children in Texas rely on Medicaid for health care coverage, Senator.
Did you explain to them why the healthcare that  WE pay for, for you is exempt under this ridiculous new wealthcare bill?
Well they will be dead after your Healthcare death bill
