No sir this is due the Rs pulling the risk corridor subsidies from under our feet. Rs are the ones who do not care and sabotaged ACA #resist
And don't for forget that@the great state of TX legislature did not expand Medicare
- I see u made the cut for the ALL-MALE Sen Comm working w/AHCA. You bozos realize you're gonna need female GOP votes? Clueless
We pay Cornyn's salary and for his exempt healthcare plan, and he tweets rubbish like this in return. We can and will do better w/out him.
Vote him out in 2020 but @tedcruz has to go first
So exited to support a bill that has no CBO data; #notmysenator mostly because he hides from all #tx constituents outside #gop fundraisers
And Trumpcare just added another 24 mil and raised HC costs for poor and elderly. Do your job and implement improvements to ACA vs repeal!
The world exists in Peace because every country patronizes other countries. We  preach we must protect our economy, NOT alienate investments
Boy. Bye! #Resist #gross #notmysenator #vivelafrance #makeamericamexicoagain #gregabbottisstillahorribleperson
Your days are numbered sir.
Honorable Senator Cornyn, 

Please, please vote no on the AHCA. Thank you, Sir. So many depend on good health care to not be stripped away.
You just don't get it you silly old man..stay in your echo chamber of old white men..We'll be out here dying w/ our pre-existing conditions
Release trumps taxes 
Release documents on Flynn
your bill only makes more people uninsured and makes motherhood a preexisting condition
Unlimited viagra though. There are some upsides.
On the contrary. Obamacare reduced the number of uninsured Americans by 24 million people, per the Congressional Budget Office. Don't lie.
This is a lie . Shame on you for abandoning so many who have pre existing conditions. I do not know how you sleep at night .
This is the definition of #fakenews. You should be ashamed of yourself.
U, sir, do not seem to care.  U did not do right by your constituents by voting for TrumpCare. But U did get a beer party in the Rose Garden
45 million bats in Austin have no healthcare. Senator, making up numbers doesn't add to the debate. State your source.
20 million people would lose their health insurance if the ACA is repealed according to @AAF Ds are busy fighting to retain #obamacare
It'd be great if you'd stop trying to blame Ds when R senators aren't holding town halls to listen to how we really feel. 
It's unaffordable since @GovAbbott & other Red state Govs denied the expansion. Stop lying! 2020 is coming up fast sir! We are watching #TX
2018 first
Yep! That's when @SenTedCruz is up...sadly we have to wait until 2020 for @JohnCornyn
Ugh. Don't remind me.
Don't care!!!!  You suck.  What a miserable statement.  Shame on u.  We care deeply.  You suck.
Ur wrong, same 'ol partisan BS, the GOP are the new "death panels", led by Ryan, McConnel& of course Cornyn & Cruz
You are truly delusional. Voting yesterday and then partying. What could be more uncaring and callous than that?  Rs don't care one bit.
@JoaquinCastrotx Please have the words of this moron in your ads for 2020. Remind people of the day @JohnCornyn agreed to sell us out.
Very misleading. Largely a result of sabotage by GOP governors. #medicare4all #fireCornyn #2020
There you go with the Ds again. Man up Senator Cornyn and be honest about what the Rs are doing if ya'll are so great.
And the GOP does? Have you read this bill? It's worse than ACA! Way worse!
We will fix it and AMERICARE will be Bigly awesome
This is your buddy
You are going to love the private sector.
because "unconcerned" conservatives like yourself and our sorry excuse for a governor @GregAbbott_TX refused expansions. #truth
In the 9 years before Obamacare, insurance premiums increased 180%. So it's not like rate increases are something new.
You solved that by eliminating coverage for 24 million people.  I don't trust the states to do the right thing!
BS blaming others when you could have cooperated and fixed it years ago.
Oh please!  The GOP is getting ready to strip 24 MILLION of healthcare and all you do is act like a partisan hack.  Worst Senator ever!!
#0 mil wasnt good enough for the house, they wanted it to double. How about you? How many dead Americans do you want on your hands?
Tell that to your uneducated base.  Maybe they'll believe you.
Do you care more for your ideas than for the reality of peoples lives? #Medicare4All !
Bill is only slightly better than Obamacare & only my trust in Trump to make it better keeps me onboard!
: when/where on the townhall so you can tell us how you're gonna fix this prob?  Here's an idea: MEDICARE FOR ALL!
Fix Obama care and don't leave people without insurance
Go after the insurance companies who jacked up the rates. not Obamacare. You work for the people not them.
And THIS guaranteed genocide is your idea of an improvement?
There is a company that will send your ashes if you die from Trump/Putin care to a GOP member .Get ready for lots of ashes
Your gonna spend our tax dollars pointing your finger or doing some work for a change, congress is a bunch of worthless leeches on the teat
Saying Ds don't care = scare tactic. We're not fooled. Fix ACA don't get rid of it. My quadriplegic child needs it. #preexistingconditons
Nice how your boys exempted themselves from the repeal on pre-existing conditions. So who exactly doesn't care?
Things you say not true. Go on field trip to Foundations Communities. They signed up most ppl & trained most volunteers for Obamacare in Tx.
fix that, don't eliminate pre-existing condition protections or minimum covered services
You love blaming other people for your bad choices!
Once again John you are playing partisan politics. Not to worry next election we wil vote you out then you won't have to deal w/ the D's.
You aren't listening to your constituents or medical professionals. And you CLEARLY aren't listening to your conscience.
can't wait to vote you out!
I still haven't heard anything about what can be done about premiums. Most of those 30 mil are in Rep. controlled states that refused ACA.
The president remarked that Australia has "better healthcare than we do" during a meeting with the Australian Prime Minister. Start there.
Focus on prices of HC!  #HSA. #Price transparency #individual markets
Your Texan constituent is excited about replacing ACA. (@tedcruz @RepPeteOlson @JohnCornyn )
The ACA has helped Americans, and the numbers prove it.  It has reduced bankruptcies as well.  Leave it alone!
.@JohnCornyn  Your job is to make it better, not worse. It's clear you don't listen to constituents, but we're not going away. #TXVoter
@GOP bill won't costs. What U R doing will price the rest of us out of care + placing caps on coverage will us off when we need it most
If Rs really cared for something than their own agenda, they would work to improve the ACA, not throw it out.
And the new bill as written is worse.  Republicans are incapable of fixing anything. They're destroyers. Remember what Bush did to economy?
Would those uninsured be because of the Medicaid expansion you Republicans blocked and stymied, you detestable liar?
You must be so happy at the thought of killing millions and children too.since all the GOP are women haters striping healthcare for women
problem is the insurance companies, pharmaceutical, and  charges from doctors... they charge ridiculous prices.
So why are you exempt from this great new plan? Yeah, that's what I thought. Ain't good enough for the fancy people. #resist
You're full of it!! Don't try and justify the murdering millions of people! Only people who don't care is you. You took ins away from every1
I don't understand how you can live with yourself? Yet you kept the ACA for yourselves. It was SO BAD you had to get rid of it. RIGHT!
HYPOCRITE. Saved your own and and F the rest of the country! You are a self serving piece of &^^%.
Now it will be an additional 24 million.  You were probably celebrating w House yesterday.
We care. We want single payer universal coverage like every other advanced nation in the world. Lower costs. Better outcomes.
premiums were going up b4 ACA & GOP blocked every fix! U could fix it, but wuld rather see people die & give tax cut to rich!
the too poor to be poor can't afford to be dropped from what little coverage they can get and NOBODY seems to care..
Let's chat a bit about this before u vote on our behalf. When will u hold a town hall? It would behoove you to listen to your constituents.
We simply cannot claim to live in the greatest country in the world - and then not have universal healthcare. #spendonhealthcarenotwalls
Senator, I'm your constituent and I am DISGUSTED by the disregard for human life and health that you and your party continue to show. Shame!
But your ok with an additional 25 million losing insurance. The AHCA is just making it worse for your constituents, but u know that.
This is not a healthcare bill, it's a tax cut for the already rich to your GOP can steal from the old, disabled and poor, shame on you.
More divisive propaganda? Instead of speculation have a Town Hall and see what your constituency really thinks...
Today is not the day to accuse Dems of not caring about people. It isn't a good look on you.
You mean you don't seem to care? Instead of working to ensure more people have meaningful HC you want to provide less people with worse HC.
Twisted deflection as R's eviscerate care for tens of millions and kill Americans
And the shit you all are attempting to pass is better? Lol
The mental gymnastics in this math are awe inspiring sir. Congratulations on your dumbassery... Your'e going to add at least 20MM more?
Seriously so excited to vote in 2020. We know what's up @JohnCornyn. More people will turn up to vote than ever before. You will be repealed
What have you done to fix it? Plan on killing 24 million to line your pockets? #VoteThemOut
The GOP passed a bill to defund ACA so insurance was only paid 12% of what they expected. GOP did this deliberately to look good.
Please hold a town hall in the ATX area immediately. I want to hear how you're going to fix AHCA instead of reading empty tweets.
so your answer is to make sure no one can qualify for coverage?
the R plan is awful and your tweets do not fool anybody!
... says the guy who just helped screw 24 million out of insurance, but was sure to keep coverage for himself...
So how is what you are supporting helpful in any way? uninsured, help for disabled, women, poor, veterans etc. with AHCA.
This is total BS and you know it.  Many of my friends had coverage for the first time with ACA.  Have some integrity.
Ok make up your mind. Do Democrats not care or are we bleeding hearts?
They'd be delighted to collaborate on fixes, but @GOP is waaay too busy with its vapid, cynical sloganeering. But you know that. #sophistry
Todays vote was against the vulnerable among us. One of the most disgusting displays of mans inhumanity to man. Disgusting!
You are despicable if you think sexual assault & domestic violence are pre-existing conditions. What if it was your loved ones??
Your plan is worse. You can do better for America. Don't pass this bill as is.
And most of those uninsured come from States like Texas which rejected Medicaid expansion.
Keep & FIX what needs to be fixed with Obamacare! The replacement bill is an abomination, a sham, & a huge tax cut 4 the rich. @JohnCornyn
So your "solution" makes it worse?
Obamacare caused the uninsured rate to drop to historic lows. Stop getting your facts from Steve Bannon and FOX News @JohnCornyn
More than 24 million will be uninsured after #trumpcare; those with pre-existing conditions will have high rates, deductibles. Rs don't care
Under the House bill, insurance cos can charge older Americans 5 times as much as younger ones. Premiums for older folks will skyrocket
Over 20M more will be uninsured with the House bill! And, they are the most vulnerable populations. Are you awake, @JohnCornyn ???
Have you read the House bill, @JohnCornyn ??If so u know that a HUGE part of ACHA is a HUGE tax cut for the rich at the expense of the poor
I care that as a woman I'm basically on the losing end of this health care bill. Please tell me if I'm wrong.
#AHCA is a disgrace. Vote for the ppl not your party. #immoral #roncaresucks #votenoonahca
Read WAPO ever?
GOP has crossed the line of decency. You are one of the GOP leaders of the lemmings. Between AHCA, EPA,  & Dodd-Frank debacles GOP=failure.
an add'l 24 mil will be uninsured thx 2 AHCA & destroy preexist cond protection 4 all. You just voted to kill people. Congrats.
