.@JohnCornyn leaves door open to delaying health care vote; says Aug. 1 is the "drop dead line," via @PoliticoKevin http://www.politico.com/story/2017/06/25/obamacare-repeal-senate-republicans-239937 …
You cannot possibly be serious.
Serious as a (uninsured) heart attack.
It's embarrassing, but also wildly dangerous. Any reasonable person would say, take it apart find the holes, make it right. Not these guys.
Please do everything you can to save the ACA and support it!   It's not too late to change course.   Your constituents are watching you.
Wow, just wow. It is disgusting how you are willing to pass legislation that will literally kill Americans just to give 45 a "win".
Wow do  u think the preminums r going up because the GOP is trying 2 sabotage the ACA, withholding subsidies & encouraging companies 2 leave
I think you better re think your vote if you hope to survive 2020. You've got so much brown on ur nose now you may not survive anyway.....
Big John's tap dancing. He can see negative writing on the wall & is twisting & turning to stay away from flames of anger surrounding him.
What type of mathematics do you use
The Obamacare rate increase is because the Trump administration and many Republicans are using sabotage against it!  Say NO to the new bill!
Jamming down our throats and still no CBO score. Would be stunning for the GOP of my youth, but now? Nah. Principles and honesty are gone.

That's right, John ... get those millionaires & billionaires their big tax cut asap. Eff the poor, right?!  #GOPareTraitors #ResistGOPcare
Trump has not committed to paying ACA subsidies. Insurers have been very clear that is why rates are going up
By not funding subsidies, rates go up because insurers don't know if government will pay. You are hurting Americans as a political strategy
Thanks, Lee, for giving the facts to @JohnCornyn!
Scared shitless to face your constituents over the 4th of July recess? I would be too #justthefacts
He won't face us. He won't even answer the phone. Or clear his voicemail.
Text RESIST to 50409 to fax him via your smartphone. He's reviewing msgs, Cruz fax machine not.
Stop taxing our Social Security payments.
@seungminkim @PoliticoKevin @politico Well, don't think! Do! Do the right thing and fix this bill instead of ramming it through!
Simple question-how much will this tax cut bill personally benefit you? #whatsyourcut
As a former Tx Supreme Ct J, you know better. $$ set be Tx Dept Ins
Isn't that an issue with the insurance companies? Why are you not looking at them?
You're lying to us John.  Trump care won't cut ins premiums for most of us in the individual mkt and it certainly will cut benefits covered
I think you better think again about ramming through a bad bill. We know it's all about a tax cut for the rich
I kind of amazed how stupid republicans think their base is.
RATES WERE INCREASING BEFORE ACA JOHN. YOU KNOW THIS. BE HONEST.
Don't.  Just stop.
Disingenuous BS
I agree. You don't have the votes. Let's kill it now and then get the professional healthcare people involved.

You're right, we should totally rush ahead with effectively leaving millions of Americans to die #ProDeathParty
AHCA is a tax bill cutting taxes dramatically for the wealthy. Period.
When rural hospitals in Texas close, will you show up to turn out the lights?  Or can we expect more of the same constituent dodging?
Why is no one talking about all the jobs that will be lost because of this bill. Job losses at comm health centers, Hosp & Nursing homes etc
ACA prices rising because Trump destabilizes rates when he won't guarantee  gov. subsidy pymts.  Pay subsidy=no rate hike. iow Trump=more $
Yeah that's the important thing when you are about to kick millions off of their Health Insurance - do it quickly.
Perhaps it would be to your benefit to work in August!!!!
Every senator and congressperson and their families should be required to have same healthcare coverage you are foisting on the rest of us.
@JohnCornyn The blood of America is on your hands & will haunt your soul for the rest of your life. Vote no. Fix ACA.
Trump to blame for uncertainty now with threats of not funding expansion why would they not get what they can before having to pull out?
Even if true, people are willing 2 pay 4 life-saving coverage.  Many more will be uninsured and literally die under ur plan.  Malificent.
Rates go up because of republican obstruction, then you scream it's broken. We ain't that stupid.
You systematically aided trump in destroying ACA for political reasons then try to force BCRA. Go suck your Koch Bros. TX is done with you.
You're looking at the insurance rate when it's the $ spent on healthcare services that matters - not just insurance .@JohnCornyn ...
.@JohnCornyn The Koch Retreat Really! That's where you are. The Koch brothers deciding healthcare!? You have offices in DC. Get back there.
All the time wasted with your stupid tweets could have been better spent working to better the ACA.   GOP still obstructing #44
Drop dead line, I like it. We will have those when GOP deathcare is passed.
Oh yeah!  Hurry up & pass do you can give a tax cut to your millionaire buddies & kill poor people on Medicaid. You're a monster!
Quit sabotaging ACA. Work with Dems to improve it, and stop this petty need to undo everything Obama touched
Did you enjoy your Koch retreat this weekend? While I'm fighting for my child's life & medical care to stay in tact to keep her alive?
Can you explain why tax payer is being gifted to heath care CEOs I surprized you didnt just have a clause giving money to the Kochs
You just a puppet of the Koch Brother .You do not work for the ciitizens,You wer ordered over the weekend to get the Koch brothers money
Senator Joni Ernst has a novel idea. Cornyn: http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/339419-ernst-emails-supporters-poll-on-repeal-plan …
Why don't YOU try this? Because you don't care what Texans think!
Sen. John Cornyn you are lying sir. Or if you believe this bullshite, you should resign immediately you do not have capacity to deal w/topic
Full repeal! NOW!
Not a health care plan-it's a tax cut for the wealthy.  This will hurt Texans and all Americans. Stop lying about this.
I think Congress should get out of bed and work through August. I feel you guys do not deserve the vacation.
The Republicans promised #FullRepeal
Well if you gave them some incentive to stay in the marketplaces the rates might not go up, alas you sabotaged it from Day 1
Don't you think it's more important to our country to take time & do it right rather than rush a flawed bill through that'll kill Americans?
John, that is some stupid bullshit. You want to vote in a bad bill that will wreck the budget over rate increases that YOU caused.
Don't be the RINO you've been since you were sent to D.C.
If we take Twitter as a litmus test, we can agree @JohnCornyn has 0% support from his constituents, right?

He is failing on all accounts?
Delay the vote and do it correctly. Stop the partisan bickering and do the right thing for the American people. Don't kill my GD over party
My kingdom for the day when you don't presume to represent Texas. You blasted the ACA for being "rushed thru to a vote". What are you doing?
@seungminkim @PoliticoKevin @politico we will NOT forget this in 2020! #AnyoneButCornyn2020
@seungminkim @PoliticoKevin @politico answer my question on why ok to raise my premiums 500% becuz I am over 60! SERIOULY!
U have to "work" senators to change their minds at the Koch luxury playground??!! WTF! Put the fuckin country before ur party!!
@seungminkim @PoliticoKevin @politico u are an epic hypocrite! If Dems railroaded something like this u would be throwing fit!
Suggest you hold townhall 1st to give constituents opp to speak w/you. Otherwise parents of kids w/disabil will be worst nightmare in '20.
Please do not hurry this, even better, vote no. Start over to make something better, work with Dems
Rates are going up this year BECAUSE OF YOUR PRESIDENT, you clown. Before that, they're actually less aggressive hikes than pre-ACA.
Wow, not one positive comment @johncornyn
Let's be real Johnny Boy. You just don't want to give people to much time to understand who stands to win and lose in this bill.
IS THE GOAL OF THE REPUBLICAINS IN DC TO GIVE THE DEMS BACK BOTH HOUSES? YOU & THE OTHERS ARE LOSING THEIR VOTERS
YOU DID VOTE FOR THAT ACT, YOU HAVE CRITIZED SEN. CRUZ, WHO STOOD ON THE SENATE FLOOR FOR 16 hours MAINTAINING HIS PRINCIPALS
YOU PROMISED TO REPEAL OBAMACARE, YOU PROMISED TEXANS YOU WOULD, BUT YOU DID VOTE AGAINST IRAN "KILL AMERICA" ACT BEING A TREATY
Have u sold ur soul 2 Satan or just the rich who get the money I take from the poor?Jesus said when u care for the least u care 4 me.
You don't care about premium increases. You just want to keep your tax cut promise to your Koch overlords. Be honest.
You could pass csr payments for 2018 tomorrow by UC to reassure markets. Your bill on the other hand won't lower prices in any year.

Bullshit John. Ur trying to "ram it thru"
Your plan is tragic for the least among us. We're supposed to help them, yet you want to purge them. You're disgusting, Senator.
...which again, y'all in Congress should have fixed years ago instead of playing games. This bill is worse!  (78628)
Work with Ted Cruz, Mike Lee, Rand Paul and fix it! Get this done! Please!!!!!!
Work with Dems & medical community. Work together for the good of the people or you will be out in 2018 & 2020.
You are full of it Cornyn, you lie lie lie!!!!! Vote him out!
Bought and paid for for 180k. Greedy hack!
Sounds like YOU'RE the one trying to jam this thing through on a party line vote. Sounds like you won't even get enough votes. #SAD
Delaying is your way of dealing with issue.  U won't have town hall and u r too scared to vote. I'd say your integrity is like a hurricane
What was the increase 2007-2012? Was that Obamas fault? What about 2001-2006? Obama again? Man @BarackObama was pure evil huh?
As a constituent from 79842, I would urge you to vote no on this horrible bill, but since you are one of its architects that seems unlikely.
WTF does #Cornyn now about healthcare that he should be deciding the future for us & our families. He is completely unqualified for this.
Heavens! Why don't you quit tweeting and actually talk to the people you supposedly represent!! Quit spouting party propaganda and man up!!!
Gotta have that extra $$$$ for tax reform! Go to single payer system & GOP  can be a winner...
you mean better hurry before trumps investigation hits Pay Dirt
Along with a human killing bill,  this is also a jobs killing bill. Many tied to healthcare. #wealthcare
Amen. When Medicaid goes so goes clinics & small hospitals. No way they can stay open. @JohnCornyn is guilty of killing America.
Rural will suffer an are suffering the most with access and closures of community health centers.
Prophet Jeremiah: "praise the Lord for He will rescue the poor from the power of the rich"
Help the poor not the rich, please!
You're a despicable lout. Instead of focusing on healthcare cost drivers, you choose to cut care for our most vulnerable. People will die.
Hey John, elect more Dems in TX, CA rates barely went up thanks to our Dem Insurance Commissioner and smart negotiations
How about you look into the insurance & drug companies sky rocketing profits?? Or do they pay you too much?
Cap prices on everything. #MedicareForAll and print more money and hand it out willy nilly like you usually do.  #IPayMine
your bill will raise rates
More bad things happening because of lack of investment by GOP... like you know that whole Bhengazi thing you blame HRC for.
I don't trust you or any of the other repugs to do the right thing for the American people. I'm completely disgusted with you.
Allowing this bill to pass will increase the costs of the elderly tremendously, many who live on fixed incomes and can not afford it.
Children & poor also.
@chrislhayes I swear our Senator keeps spreading every lie he can think of, he's too much of a coward for an interview though.
How can you say you are representing your constituents when you continue to push a bill that hurts them and allows the wealthy to profit?
which the insurance companies blame on T threatening to not pay, all the repeals & threats of repeals from the R's...keep lying
You better talk to Ted then.
It's not enough time
I am one of your voting constituents. You guys were elected to repeal the ACA pure and simple. Represent us please.
Is your view in any way swayed by $155,000 in donations to your 2016 campaign by healthcare giant Mednax, Inc.?
http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?cid=N00024852&cycle=2016 …
Where's the fire? Listen, have a town hall, check your messages. You're spending a lot of time cramming this down our throats. Why?
Repeal like all of you have been promising for 6 years.
John, please list the outside groups that support your bill.  Thanks!
I wonder when people will realize what the real problem with obamacare was and actual attack the cause
Which is exactly what you intended by undermining
Saint! Yes! Pass your tax cut for the super rich to "preempt huge Obamacare rate increases." Your bill slashes & burns healthcare in the US.
I'm old enough to remember that insurance premiums always increased pre-ACA. And BCRA doesn't lower costs, either. cc:  @SenTedCruz
And only a few weeks ago, insurers pointed to Trump instability, including re: CSRs, for even higher premium increases now.  cc: @SenTedCruz
You mean replace them with even higher rate increase for less coverage with your bill.  You looking for a quicker way to kill Americans.
Fix it first. We won't be happy with another piece of crap
Well except per the insurance CEO's the cause of the rate increase is you and trump
If insurers felt confident that the GOP would follow the ACA provisions and red state governors would authorize the Medicaid extensions ....
Don't worry about it Senator.  Your net worth is increasing at 34% per year; you'll be fine.
Me too. 77015
Yeah, let's kick 10's of millions off of health care, and give a huge tax credit to the rich!  That'll fix it.
They were going up regardless. Insurance companies aren't raising rates bc of ACA, they are raising them bc they can.
Call it Deathcare you'd be more honest
Need to do it before the CBO score and you face your constituents. It's so great you all write it in secret to throw people off insurance
I think you need to keep your promise of total repeal not replace!
Oh please. This #wealthcare bill is the most miserable excuse for legislation. The screws were turned against Ocare and now you're stuck
voting yes for this turkey. Grow some morals. Do not, not, not allow this to pass. It is an absolute F.U. to lower and middle classes.
I think u do too. The sooner pple realize what u've done the faster thy cn vote u out. No. Wait. The big things hppen after ur election. Why
I wish I had a time machine to go back 100 years and make sure your parents never meet and produce the afterbirth that is you.
This is such a bullshit transparent lie John. You want this voted on before people realize what disastrous consequences lie ahead.
Of course if GOP wanted to, it could announced fixes NOT repeal. The Repeal uncertainty caused the markets to become unstable.
These increases r ur doing. Not the healthcare act. How can ins companies actuaralize a plan not knowing what R's r going to do?
No.
@charles_gaba hey man, courtesy call?
No, this bill is  horrible, do not gut Medicare for the rich.
Obama care is over; you Republicans own all the action. You could reduce the premium increases tomorrow if you wanted to.
Oh pleeeeze... it does nothing about rate increases...an excuse to dismantle   Medicaid and cut taxes for the rich
#resistthelies #resist
@GOP go straight to Hell in a hand basket!
You are so awful. I can't wait to work for anyone campaigning against you.
105% since 2013 is NOTHING compared to increases pre-ACA and NOTHING compared to the nightmare your garbage is going to crest.
No hearings, no testimony. This is incompetence. You should be ashamed of yourself and your party.
You want it passed this week so the people you're screwing don't have a chance to read, dissect, & understand the  you call legislation!!
Little John, will the Senate bill reduce my monthly health insurance premium?  I am not holding my breath.
Do you ever stop lying?
you realize by January 2018, ACA (Obamacare as you call it), will be on track for record enrollment.
GOP doesn't care. It was created by a black man so it must be destroyed.
...have fun eating caviar with the Kochs?
Only people you're fooling are those who want to be fooled. Rest of us see right through the game you're playing with people's lives. Shame!
What will the rates be for the 23 MM your bill throws out of obamacare? And the human cost of gutting Medicaid?
Hope @GOP health bill gets rid of mandate & the payoff to IRS! We have enough of IRS ruling our life! Also need to buy across state lines!!
Thanks in great part to huge GOP effort to make it fail and then blame if on the system. Shame on you @JohnCornyn
John nobody is buying ur pitch...this is money shift clear and simple I what my ACA
Garbage reasoning - you want to rush and hide the bill from people because it stinks. How do you even look yourself in the mirror?
No Obamacare, no healthcare, no increases. Just people dying.
You are pure evil and Texas will never forgive you.
You misspelled "I think we need 2 do it this week so that we can take the taxcuts this bill provides &apply them 2 upcoming tax legislation"
What type of mathematics do you use?  Alternative math?

Preempting huge increases by passing legislation that causes larger increases seems like an idiotic plan.

Who opposes the Senate GOP's "healthcare" bill? It's a long list.

There are doctors, hospitals, patients, medical provid…
ACA presented 2 House in July 2009, & signed into law March 2010, after months of revisions, amendments, & debates. Ur rushing a trash bill!

Hot off the press! The Senate Health Reform Bill Slashes #Medicaid Severely. See new PPI blog: http://bit.ly/2sz08fh  
We shall see what the CBO says about premiums under Trumpcare. We do know thinking is NOT a strong suit of yours, so there's that.
as your constituant from zip 75044 - I say VOTE NO ON THIS BILL
U.S. judge finds that Aetna deceived the public about its reasons for quitting Obamacare
Here's the truth to counter your b.s. You're not only a traitor to America, but you may well be the biggest liar in the Senate.
I knew he was a liar, alternative facts.
How many Texans will lose their healthcare?
Once again, disingenuous to attribute rate hikes to Obamacare; rate hikes existed before Ocare and are overall slower under Ocare.
When you have a sentence with the word think in it, you should have evidence you can. Killing poor people isn't Christian.
I see no evidence of any Christian politicians. They have all sold their souls.
