Updated GOP health care bill isn't any better than b4. It's time Congress makes health care about people & comes together to find solutions 
You and your buddies have had SEVEN years and all you've got is - screw the poor and give the wealthy a massive tax break 
Your GOP Wealthcare proposal and your respect for constituents.
@JohnCornyn & @TedCruz right in the middle of that pile....
you will be a murderer if your GOP bill passes destroying healthcare access
How can you be Pro Life and not want healthcare for all?
dems dont want to negotiate in good faith...need to be defeated...keep whipping gop vote on hcare
1. How many hundreds of millions of dollars will we Texans need to send you to vote for your constituents instead... #JohnCornyn
Please answer: why are you so against a healthy population? Why do you hate us so much?
You will have your chance, Heidi. John clearly removed all doubt a long time ago that he would serve the people. #VoteJohnCornynOut
Single payer.

Be brave, senator, for once in your sorry career.
Maybe work with the Dems and hold hearings and fix the ACA
You lying snake. AARP won't forget and older people vote. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154425197836642&substory_index=0&id=55594396641 …
Just read the comments. We know you don't represent Texas.
Care to explainhowyou can support this? How many constituents are you willing to let die b/c adequate services arent available
This bill and everything you've done with healthcare is one big circle jerk. By the way, I'm you're constituent and I say no!
Will you take some assistance from the Loyal Opposition. After all, they helped President Bush.
Hold #townhall. Hear from your constituents. We don't want this shameful bill that penalizes preexisting conditions, aging, and more!
She'll have a chance. American ppl never got their chance. You didn't listen to those you represent. If you had, you might have gone slower.
Cornyn's words are outright lies.
Worth noting again how insane this is - two competing and very different proposals being rushed to a vote without a single public hearing https://twitter.com/LisaMascaro/status/885520687611473920 …
So you haven't given them a chance, but you've attacked them for not contributing. Stock.
2...of lobbyists and special interests? Give us a number and we'll try to get a check. You can't screw TX & come bsck from this. #JohnCornyn
I remember voting for this guy
you are just a horrible senator! 28% favorability is too high. Will plummet if this passes!
You, John....have a chance to work together!
I live in far north Dallas!

Republican senators, here's how many constituents will lose insurance coverage under your health care plan http://nyti.ms/2uS3HfS  
I doubt @JohnCornyn OR @tedcruz give a flip about who they represent, bunch of morons-Elections won't come soon enough..remember that.
Senator Cornyn, you have had 7 yesrs of chances to work on health care
You didn't listen to a word she said did you?
Oh, bullshit... Everyone knows @SenateMajLdr will use a substitute amendment, cancelling all previous amendments
I then heard there's a further trick McConnell is considering which could give only 2 or 4 hours TOTAL including debate. Here's how . . .8 
Why don't you just open the Congressional healthcare plan up to the rest of US population?
You nailed it!
There is a provision of the ACA that requires Congress purchase their health insurance from the Exchanges.
but they are allowed on  D.C. Small business exchange instead if individual. Plus they r rich!

You don't have the support of the American people for the ahca. Please stop.
Come on John. Back at least one thing that will go down in history as a good cause.
Your awful plan is being rejected from sea to shining sea
U exempted congress from this "healthcare" bill. Profile in integrity, aren't u?
Oh, so the details of the bill aren't double-dog super secret anymore?
A loophole could allow insurance plans to once again discriminate against the sick.
@SenatorHeitkamp Ih that's so sweet John. You are a smug little sicko.
Cornyn, you and your cronies had 7 years to come up with a good healthcare bill and you failed miserably. Shame on you
Why must you fill my Twitter feed with lies?

We urge Congress to defeat the #BCRA as written. Patients need a bill that protects their access to affordable care. http://bit.ly/2uf0zNx 
This is still a horrible bill.
Your train wreck of a bill for biggest ever tax breaks for wealthy labeled as healthcare and concocted by conspiring #GOP in dark is best.
I'm a TX voter & I would like 2 know how u voted re: Kushner retaining his security clearance.Ur vote will tell me a lot bout ur patriotism.
Hahahaha - not from what I hear.  Time for bipartisan work on ACA.  Oh-I don't like you being complicit to a traitor with RU in the WH.
I assume she, unlike you, doesn't want to make millions of Americans uninsured so that rich people can get big tax cuts. Weird huh?!!!
Cornyn doesn't give a rats ass about a single Texan except his own special self.  #turntexasblue.  We need to vote Cruz and Cornyn out ASAP.
It's like you only speak in smug. You realize you work for Texans, right? And you won't get a raise by cutting taxes for the rich?
Will you sign on to use it? If not, why not?
@JohnCornyn you need to start listening to women like @SenatorHeitkamp, and stop telling them to keep waiting for their turn.
@SenatorHeitkamp - Senator Cornyn, you are not listening! Please be respectful of calls for bipartisan negotiations. Statesman?
You're a sellout to a Russian traitor. Your word can't be trusted.
No she won't and you know it
Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuure she will.
Your dishonesty, bad faith and hypocrisy are breathtaking. I can't wait to vote against you in 2020.
The solution is to trash awful Obamacare. We had good plans before 2010.
Good. Vote, "no". Taking away health care from people is politically dumb.

All we need to know, Senators opted out. It's a dumpster fire of horribleness, there is no saving it, you all managed to make it worse.
Oh John, you had 8 long years. Your bill is trash, otherwise you wouldn't be exempt. This ones strictly for your donors!
And a CBO score can be expected when?
Please repeal Obamacare completely.
No one wants your WEALTHCARE plan
Lol 
Direct Primary Care (#DPC), FIGHT obesity (our real problem), + Medicaid/Medicare for the needy + elderly.  DONE.
You will have a chance to do the right thing: vote no on another heartless GOP healthcare bill. Bipartisan solution is needed!
John Cornyn responds to
Senators
Reporters
Celebrities
Constitue.... Just kidding!
#TalkToUs
As a taxpayer, I paid 4 the online h/care poll 4 TX voters.  None of your offices will tell me the result. Why not? Release it!
Me & fellow Texans will get to vote you out in 2020. You aren't keeping your promise about repeal or didn't learn from Dems lying to public
- No, he doesn't. I went to Thursdays with Texans in DC this am. No speech, no Q&A. Just photo op with Cornyn
If only your real focus was to provide healthcare instead of "repeal the ACA and reward the wealthy." Fix your priorities. Serve the people.
Dear John, 
You're still missing the point. WE DO NOT WANT repeal & replace. We just want REPEAL. Bring down Obamacare. @GOP @AWRHawkins
Cornyn is excited that more pre-existing conditions will not be covered. He wasn't more to die in his service to Russia/Trump and party
The Dems won't compromise but Repubs will lose Senate in 2018 if you don 'the get it together!

Republicans are evil
Hahaha like your bill helps people.

1 problem with ACA is it didn't address why healthcare is so expensive. Until that happens...
...any "healthcare" bill is just bandaging the real problem.
another fun fact John didn't tell us.
To be clear: new #Trumpcare deems maternity care, mental health treatment and Rx drugs as essential for Congress but not rest of Americans. https://twitter.com/sarahkliff/status/885575745191497732 …
Right now, it's pure evil. Rips healthcare from those who need it most to give a tax cut to the wealthy. Shame on you! #WealthCare
You sure you even have the votes to proceed to the point when you'll talk over and try to silence Sen. Heitkamp and other women?
American Cancer Society, AARP and nearly a dozen other orgs slam Cruz health proposal: "A betrayal of the commitment to protect Americans."
AARP is nothing but a pimp for horrendous Obamacare plans.
You said "A "no" vote is a vote for Obamacare"? So considering a "yes" vote is ALSO a vote for Obamacare, we're pretty much screwed #tcot

McConnell played a pivotal role in preventing states being warned about Russian hack until it was too late. #Traitor 
It's unbelievable that a representative in the federal government would support a healthcare bill that raises premiums on the elderly!!!
I seriously believe all members of Congress should be subject to random drug and alcohol screenings while on duty due to erratic behaviors
That should include members of the press too as obviously they're on something
@SenatorHeitkamp sure will be glad when you get in there and fix this mess you and fellow dems voted for and supported Obamacare
Are you sure? With her being a woman and all.
Senator we sent men to the moon and back. I have confidence the US can and will accomplish anything it WANTS to.
They should've had a chance throughout this whole damn process. YOU ARENT MAKING HEALTHCARE BETTER
Soon hope to have the choice to vote you out of office
Of the top 35 countries, 34 have med care for all. US has med care for all CongressPeeps. Not good nuf for you = not good 4 us.
McConnell or you allowing any D or woman a say who are you kidding and not get the Kochs tax cut
You, sir, are one EVIL Christian!  
Are you sure? I don't think you have 50 to bring your bill to the floor Senator. Thankfully a few Republicans can see it for what it is.
horrible on pre-existing. what's the CBO score?
Yea whatever. Senate has no thought of a full repeal & then putting in bills that open up free mkt. Senate only wants to bail out the Ins co
Are you mad because you can't go on vacay yet?
https://twitter.com/ChrisMurphyCT/status/885633101925416960 … here you go. The Senate opts out of their own healthcare bill. We have shitty insurance but not them.
New version of #Trumpcare exempts Congress. 

So worse care for everyone except the people who vote for the bill! https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/7/13/15966034/senate-republicans-exemption …
When? You keep saying next week.
Cornyn doesn't give a rats ass about healthcare. This is a Koch tax plan. Period.
Tack on the horrible Cruz 'Freedom 'plan that blows away preexisting conditions and we have a true Eugenics plan. It's sickening.
We have two of the #worstsenatorinusa hell bent on destroying healthcare. It's a cult.
What's frightening as well is their arrogance and pride in what they're actions. Gleefully sentencing ppl to death.
I can't comprehend it.
In their eyes, those people don't deserve to live. If you're not rich and white, meh.
