Why is your phone blocked & you prohibit people from delivering petions?  How much of a coward are you? #voteout
maybe you should consider the backlash before you continue down this path #acaworks
You'll never get to patient-centered health care while private insurers are driving the bus. #MedicareForAll
Liar. After 7 years, there is NO plan. What do you even do?
no it means less care for some and better care for others. How do u sleep at night, and lie all day.
ok. Where's your plan?
perhaps if you got specific about your plans to replace, we'd be able to make an informed decision about whether we want repeal
repeal without specifics for replace leaves constituents  who need coverage with no choice but to take what you offer. Shame.
Be sure to place your family on whatever healthcare you propose. If it's good enough for america, then it's good enough for you

Leave Medicare alone! No voucher program! Stop stabbing us in the back! Americans first , not ur Globalist friends
#Obamacare saved my life. End for-profit insurance companies from ripping us off.
SO SHOW US THE FULL PLAN OR LEAVE A CA ALONE.
Really looking forward to the minute details of your big plan. I predict pitchforks & torches if you gut ACA & don't deliver.
Republicans CREATED the BIG pharma/healthcare nightmare & now they REFUSE to spend OUR tax dollars on the outrageous cost!!
How about requiring all medical related industry be not for profit?Then all meditation would not be 10 to 20 times more costly.
people will die
just give us the same one you have!
you've gotta be a real special kind of asshole to repeal something millions rely on before having a replacement ready... #ACA
We all agree ACA could be better. How about single payer? Y should $ go to insurance CEOs? That makes it expensive.
You can fix ACA or replace ACA with a better option. But not simply repeal & leave a void. Thats irresponsible
~ My girlfriend is a cancer survivor patient and if in the future she needs to switch medical insurances, I hope the.....
you are the kind of worm that will stand there in 8 years and claim that you pleaded us not to repeal it. #ryanslylin
well we want to hear about the big plan that has not been thought or created...
Don't forget Seniors hands off our Medicare give us a raise instead of you politicians getting a raise! #MAGA
- Show a Plan! You've been complaining about #ACA for more than 7 years! Focus on improvement instead not destruction.
@JohnCornyn -Can you explain this vote to me? How can you blame the spending on one party?  http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=115&session=1&vote=00001 …
for 8yrs you did nothing and now you expect US to believe you want healthcare for America... you're a real piece of work!
Voters are going to hold you to your patient centered health care, Mr Speaker. It needs to be better than the ACA.
you mean corporation cared business
do not repeal without a plan to replace insurance for everyone, one that's equal for everyone.

~ pre-existing condition issue will be actually of not of an issue at all.
How is repealing the #ACA & defunding #PlannedParenthood giving people more options?
jessica u need a diaper u cry baby .ACA is done gone get over it. the gop plan is much better. abunch of libreal cry babies
The GOP plan does not exist. Oh, and you are GREAT at name calling bro. Bet you were a blast in the 2nd grade!
I see no reason why this is complicated. Pay premiums, get insurance. Not hard. But trying to give free ins away, complicated!

.@speakerryan @coff33loveit   Sounds a lot like more of the same.
Then why didn't you do it when Bush was prez?
I'm genuinely curious.  How do you lie this and then sleep?
Bring it on, guys, BEFORE repealing ACA.
so basically everything we have now with less insured
So, a single payer option?
http://www.beckershospitalreview.com/compensation-issues/20-highest-paid-healthcare-ceos-in-2015.html …
YOU LIE!!!  Remember that?
since Obama lied and said we could keep our doctors and our premiums wouldn't go up make good on his lies
get rid of stipends. Don't make insurance mandatory. Allow people to buy insurance from whoever they want to.
We don't believe u. U have demonstrated that u don't care about the ppl. This is GOP spin. We'll take the same plan as u have.
show us the plan! #RepealAndRun
"....some of your garbage...."
are you clueless? What do you think the ACA is all about?
you don't have a plan yet?  Pitiful.   All whining and no plan of action for years!
no your goals are: cover everyone, no medical bankruptcies, admin costs below 5%
Will you commit to personally having the same health care system that will be made available to the public?
"All talk, talk, talk. No action."
OUR healthcare. Ours! Not govt. Not unalienable right= comes from God. Repeal now! One sentence/reconciliation.GetRdone.Delay= hostage held
You've had 8 years to work on this. You are heartless
bullshit. you are working to eliminate the taxes on the wealthiest people in the country at the expense of the working class.
pre existing conditions what about that.  Are people  ready to pay  a arm and a  leg
Hidden reason eager to repeal ACA https://www.yahoo.com/news/m/a558f8a5-2855-38f7-8757-3dd894814951/ss_the-hidden-reason-republicans.html?soc_src=social-sh&soc_trk=tw … via @YahooNews
TAX CUTS FOR RICH OVER A LIFE? RUN & HIDE RYAN!!!
U could have debated the ACA to make it better. Instead U became party of NO!  Shame.
sounds like single payer!
when hospitals and Dr's charge you triple the actual cost,  ins. will skyrocket.  More competition and less govt is needed
the only problem is that until we get Healthcare services costs down,  insurance is always going to be unaffordable.
I intend to let you know how it works out for me. Hope you don't lose my insurance for me!
Your goal?Why don't you actually have a plan yet?Why do you continue to threaten Americans w/repealing when there is no replace
, 
I'm concerned....The current Health Program helps my family.  Is this a hidden agenda to dismantle what was done to help?
Ya right! Your goal is to screw #Americans and give tax breaks to the 1%. #GOPFAIL
where's the plan? It's been six years!! Repeal is irresponsible and deadly! Stop!!
Americans need real-life examples of how ACA deductibles and % of remaining costs make it unusable for most.
please stop the tremendous waste of money on marketing by healthcare and pharm interests.
.@JohnCornyn 3 reasons why the figures in @SpeakerRyan's speech are incredibly misleading.  Please vote to #SaveACA.
LOL...
Great!
Let's get crackin'.
Did this healthcare revelation come to you in a dream?
Sure took its time.
@TeaPainUSA
Great goal. Did you actually write a plan at some point in the past few years? Is it still secret? #Kenosha wants to know.

what about the tax penalties
Yeah, if it's so good why do you do your dirty work in the middle of the night? Eight years and nothing.
What IS your plan? High-risk pools that are EXTREMELY expensive to herd those of us with $$$ pre-existing conditions into?!?!
Liar! We need ACA!
you've been saying this stuff for 6 yrs with no plan whatsoever to back it up. u have no credibility left at this point.
@JohnCornyn LIARS YOU LIE your goal is greater tax cuts at the expense of the most vulnerable.
at least your honest abo.. oops I thought you said pretend-centered ... carry on
You had 60 repeal votes and 7 years for a alternative plan and we have nothing. What do you do in the house?
show us, tell us what this plan is? You don't provide details you simply repeat rhetoric
@JohnCornyn your goal is to make serfs of any one below a certain income  Putin thanks you for your support
All codes words for returning to corrupt insurance practices. Toadying for the rich is all you do.
how will you lower costs without govt subsidies? Will you fight insurance co high premiums? Don't drop pre-existing ban
@HouseGOP


Ok, but HOW WILL THAT WORK?
which you'll accomplish by dumping sick people into high risk pools that are chronically underfunded:(
REPEAL AND RUN the uninsured won't know what hit them right MR SPEAKER?
Right now it is the doctors opinion. Whatever happened to patients rights.
You are a liar! ACA is not failing! We need it!
so what are the details?  None!
blah blah blah blah BLAH!
It will still be Obamacare that Reps. aptly named it. Why haven't we heard from the insurance companies? Fightin the wrong guy!
liar
This sounds good - but how to afford this w/out healthy people paying in???? And Healthcare like this wld still be Obama Legacy @SpeakerRyan
In other words,"do what we should have done when we could have worked with Pres. Obama."  FAKE wording from Ryan
Maybe those of us who carry the burden should stop paying and let the industry take a hit and feel our pain of their gouging.

please be sure that the members of congress are on the same plan as the rest if us.  Or we may need to repeal and replace them
there is some shit leaking out your ears. Might want to get that checked with your government subsidized healthcare.
Yes. Citizens ought to benefit from their nation, which they jointly own.
Don't worry Eddie Munster will hurt all of us in the end  with his Bull
Thank you and congress for taking the steps to correct this atrocity.
Trump will bring to America the better health care Obama wanted. Good ideals stay good... does not matter who gets credit.
#WhereIsThePlan
No, it's not. It's about handouts to insurance companies/corporations, just like everything else you all do.
what exactly is your Republian system? How will it have lower costs? Lower costs for you?
Republicans want to repeal and run. I wish P.Ryan would get bills for $7,000 for one CT scan.

http://www.wnem.com/story/34280236/18m-more-americans-would-be-uninsured-under-2016-gop-repeal …
Obama said republican can go along for ride in back seat. Why are you worried what they think? Do what the people want
Have you considered a career as a vitamin supplement salesman?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2017/01/18/republicans-want-to-fund-medicaid-through-block-grants-thats-a-problem/?utm_term=.5bdde647145a …
so, will we go back to lifetime limits? Pre-existing conditions?  Having the only way to have good insurance-full-time work?
lets start by me not paying for your health care
how dare u fight for pharma we know they have u in their http://pkts.Talk  to ppl who pay$2600.00 for 1 oz meds
That is the ACA under a different name. Jerk
do not repel the ACA. Millions of Americas lives depend on it.
Dear Diary,
Pssttt. Paul. Let me look at your paper. Paul. How are we going to do that... Paul #crickets
Translation: The option to have no effective coverage and be selectively priced out of true coverage.  GOP supporting crooks.
Not sure where you lost your moral compass but your big buck donors are very happy with your progress so far.
Is there a replacement plan that I can read somewhere?
plus unicorns for all!
hold on just a sec, I have to take $480.00 worth of pills. Thank goodness it's only twice a day...
.@SpeakerRyan you forgot to add "if you get or can afford it "
patient center system sounds more like socialism hahaha.
Mr. Speaker: what is it that you don't get?https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/01/17/us/politics/congressional-budget-office-affordable-care-act.html?0p19G=c …
and we're going to steal your healthcare in order to deliver tax cuts to the 1%
single payer not for profit is the way for a compassionate country does things
Top 10 Creativity Quotes http://www.blackdiv.in/2017/01/16/top-10-creativity-quotes/ …
and that healthcare ins will be so good congress and trump will have the same policy.
Nothing congress has ever done has more negatively impacted my life than pass the ACA. Repeal!!
that's a great goal! If you have a plan that does that, by all means share it. The public is waiting to hear about it. @CNN
Only 10% of visits need to see a Dr. Big money 1) pharmacy 2)hospitals including testing, Follow the money!

in order for that to happen Fraud in the medical community will have to be reined in.
with the help of Mr.Trump and Republican lawmakers, it will be accomplished.
Obamacare only gave wrking class Americans higher cost
oh and you're a DUDE, stay out of the business of elective terminations and leave that to WOMEN!
and the ability for ANY provider to deny me healthcare b/c of their conscience? I AM a health care provider and that's WRONG!
yep, right.
...lol...your goal is to bankrupt millions
6 years of attempt repeal-where is your SPECIFIC PROGRAM.
LAYOUT. You have no plan-such BS
this should be your goal. http://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/on-health-care-well-have-what-congress-is-having?mbid=social_facebook … ridiculous you have access to this when others who need it don't
where is the plan???
@JohnCornyn
ACA just needed tweaks; it is working fine in NH.  GOP simply can't let ACA succeed - that's the truth right there!
I wish that truly were your goal not just your propaganda.
your treachery, supporting Trump is FAR MORE EGREGIOUS than anyone you could condone. You are rep of what is destroying USA 
Meaning - no healthcare for those that can't afford it. Ryan is a hero of a special kind
Yes, achieved by discarding the sick & the poor. Catering to the middle class, what you Rs call patient centered. We had that.
you sir are nothing but a liar.
what is the actual plan without the ever hated additional regulations? regulations?! shhhh #somebodysaidregulations
The GOP will be responsible for the death of many if ACA is repealed w/o a replacement! GOP doesn't have an answer. Fools!
and according to the new POTUS, health care for all!!!
Your excuse about healthcare costs rising w/ the ACA is wrong. Healthcare goes up every yr. It's rising slower than before ACA
U listened to the Rep. man tell u how Obamacare saved his life. Nodding your head like u care! U don't! Over 20M will lose ACA.
Pay attention to the protesters. We don't want the ACA repealed! For 6 yrs GOP hasn't come up w/ a replacement. 20M lose out!
If u leave us w/o healthcare while working on a repeal, many will die! O that's right, u don't give a f*ck! Got yours, screw us
why are you still so wrong on this subject? Are you willing to have the health insurance you are trying to put out there?
So what is the difference between health care for all and ACCESS to health care for all, Speaker Ryan?
Care to share any specifics? Anything? Hello?

my health care is just fine, leave it alone!
great idea. Show us your plan before you dump the current one
it's simple: single payer. Stop with your nonsense.
You are for single payer then. Well that is a relief!!
Your goal has always been lowering taxes for the rich. Patient centered care is smoke and mirrors.
speaking of founding principals.... Companies are individuals?????
Paul Ryan is a vile POS and must go!
you almost lie as well as DONtheCON
WE want mandates: no pre-existing conditions; no cap; mental health coverage; kids under 26 covered @SenToomey @USRepMikeDoyle
yo what is your marathon time again speaker Munster?
@HouseGOP Dr can't renege on the fees they agreed to accept. Stay true or get out!
I hear universal health care!  Yea peotus!
