Second, insurance companies are required to offer a % (based on gross profits from prior year)as low cost insurance on exchange
@JacksonLeeTX18 What if insurance companies are required to offer a % (based/gross profits from prior year)as low cost insurance on exchange
such a crap out
I love it. You're asking the democrats who don't have a majority to fix it? This is your mess now.
You have been complaining for 8 years. Is your solution now just to blame Democrats? A GOP majority and you point fingers?
I'm sick of Republicans whining about Obamacare. You and your so-called-President will own it as soon as you kick 20M people off
Party before country. TX wouldn't even expand Medicaid.
Are you obtuse ACA is the democrats alternative to the GOP's scam
The ball's in your court, Senator. After 7 years of complaining it's time to gives us something better. We're counting on you.
Msny corrections are needed. Let's start by reigning in the multi-million $$ salaries of insurance CEOs.
seriously?  After 8 years you ask that question.
the alternative is to leave Obamacare in place that way the Dems don't have to work ,in fact they haven't worked in 40 years!
your in charge its your turn. Elections have consequences! Do your job!
I'm beginning to think all elected officials are undermining any real effort by the people to get healthcare.
you republicans gutted Obamacare of anything that would have made it successful
and now you complain about Dems who aren't doing anything you didn't do for seven years. Reap what you sow.
We the people of Texas want a #FullRepeal, Senator.
No, the majority of us don't want the ACA repealed, which you would know if you held a town hall or two.
obviously you are not in the majority. We the People elected Mr. @realDonaldTrump for the purpose of a #FullRepeal
the GOP has had 8 years of bitching about things. .. where is your fix?
Single payer? Dems had a plan to improve healthcare coverage it was called the ACA. Don't try and pass the buck now.
Single payer. And you would not allow it to be fixed for years. So stop with this pious bullshit.
do you really believe the new plan is so great? Repubs and Dems must work together. Stop hating ACA because it was done by Dems.
Clinton had great ideas for fixing the ACA.
Texas doesn't have an ACA Marketplace; why do you care so much about repealing the ACA? 17% uninsured in TX, and you want more?
GOP gutted legislation that would have made ACA work, then you blamed the left for passing unworkable healthcare reform #shame
ACA would have worked w/support. Worse where Medicaid wasn't expanded. Cruz had ppl fighting against in TX. Sabotaged by GOP.
Supply side needs controls. Many successful models in the  w/ better care & much lower cost. We fail in health care. GOP fail.
@TheDemocrats #Dnc
Idea; let's hold a TOWNHALL so u can hear our concerns!  Instead of hiding, maybe u could become the voice of the people!
Brillianr idea.  We'd love to see either of our #so-calledSenators in Galveston
You've had 8 yr of yearly symbolic repeals and all you guys can come up with is cutting insurance for 20mil?
24 million actually
The Democratic alternative is called the ACA.  Perhaps you've heard of it.
did I see your name on a letter to bring in more refugees to take more of our jobs ???
Stop blaming, start doing.
nice try Senator! Your wish has come true now suck it up and do something! Quit blaming others for your failures!
what a freaking joke you are! 6yrs you guys had to come up with better plan & you delivered crap. #hypocrisy #youlie
ACA works a lot better if GOP hadn't sabotaged by letting states (like TX) refuse medicaid expansion. And you know that!
GOP wud rather let sick ppl DIE than allow Dems a successful Healthcare Reform. Party before country. Party before state.
And Profits over everything and every person.
ridiculous. why don't you get it? We are all so sick of partisanship. Why not take a lead and start reaching across the aisle?
have you genuinely asked?
The insurance co.regulate us where we get health care and meds we take we need that stopped.
It's not fare I pay a 30% tax and healthcare and my brother pay nothing calming disability Single payer or regulate insurance.
It is not up to Dems to fix Obamacare.  It is up to you.  We sent you to DC to do a good job for us.  Get with it.
I really hate your intern's ignorance. I'm embarrassed by your twitter. Delete your account. I'll be calling in the AM!
it's The ACA, also known as OBAMACARE. You really aren't the brightest bulb on Broadway, are you?
Maybe something that's worse than what's currently in place has a null alternative.  If the fix is more broken, don't fix it yet
it was actually ok
Texas is quickly turning purple. You might be out of a job after Cruz.
Uh, I think it's called Obamacare with no repeal.  It's not perfect but a lot of it is good even w rising costs.
Big Bad John , you guys have had 7yrs.  24 million w/out health care,Sen/House are the death panels. tweak Obamacare.#TrumpCare
#singlepayer, keep and improve ACA, do nothing
how have YOU contributed to fixing the parts of the ACA that need work? You and the rest of the GOP are totally worthless!
TrumpCare would be a disaster for this country & you know it. Put country above party!
that's the same argument fighting kids use "I'm not going to do it, u do it". Aren't u paid to try and fix things, not whine.
How about put back all the funding for ACA you have surreptitiously stripped? We see you.
pretty sure they proposed an alternative a few yrs ago #Obamacare, if y'all stopped asking for repeal they would help you fix it
John, that is hardly a mature approach to this. What is wrong with Obamacare? Has that been discussed?
Agree, but GOP had six yrs can came up with?
the same place yours was for 8 years
Aw, is your wittle jobby getting hard, Johnny DeVos? Do you need help? Admit you can't do it on your own then maybe the grownups will help.
Republicans in saddle.will REP allow DEM mods to gop plan?
come on,representTXcitizens not gop.I not poor cannot ins in gop plan
So are you saying we can just fix ACA? I'm sure we can do that quickly as soon as you cap drug prices
Took you 7 years to come up w/an alternative, and not a very good one either. The rich get richer. Everyone else gets shafted.
it's like ground hog day with roll reversal.
-It's your turn to rid Obamacare. It's on the Repb shoulders!
instead of pointing fingers why dont you work on a solution that will help everyone!!!!!!!
Ball in y'all's court, Johnny. Don't even want 2 own the POS u came up with. Ur GOPcare sucks...GOP will pay 4 debacle. Enjoy!!
why don't you work together on it? For a change.
dumb Repbulicans had 6 years to change. Republicans keep part of ACA and then help rich at expense of poor and elderly.
how many years did your party whine About the ACA with absolutely no alternative plan? #hypocrite
Deflecting doesn't work John. You and your gang have had years of complaining and obstruction. Put up or shut up. #GOPFAIL
keep mandate-encourage participation-expand Medicaid to all states-let Medicare negotiate drug prices-limport drugs from Canada
sure is... We want your health care that we give you courtesy of tax payer paid benefits. Easy... problem solved. Carry on...
your plan is to take medicaid from the poor to feed the rich with more tax breaks.... How Christian of you,  sir.
wow.  You are insufferable.  Also, CBO says Obamacare will stabilize with no changes....no death spiral.  Nice try,  tho
seriously!? You had 8 yrs to come up w an alternative & the best plan you've got will cause millions to lose health insurance
single payer.  Boom.  Done.
How many dozens of times did the reps try to repeal with NO PLAN of how to replace over the last 7 years. You fool no one!
2 of course ins companies have losses millions had no insurance...FIX ACA and quit acting like ur arguments are valid U R Exhausting 2018
GOP's plan. #Don't Care. Stop being focused on the next election & do the right thing for the people.
1 Hey U NEED TO STOP. IF GOP would have allowed ACA to Pay for losses to INS companies..if TX would have taken Medicaid supplements..ACA OK
H E Double Hockey sticks No.  They were masterminds of ObamaCare - Why even ask them, IGNORE them. !.
it's called the ACA.
stop the talking points, that's the problem.
DUMP TRUMPCARE. START LOOKING FOR A JOB
you're kinda whiny today.
And I'm certain Repubs would vote for it! NOT
The Affordable Care Act.
they wouldn't need to fix it if you guys hadn't worked so hard to break it.
first off it's "Democratic" - next ... the ACA is the law. Fix it - repeal it - rename it - but you people now own it.
How about asking this question? How do we get medicine and the cost of health down? Political or for citizen betterment?
It's called ACA. Quit fighting it tooth & nail, let the mandate penalties increase, and enrollment will increase.
Preventative care will drive healthcare costs down, premiums down, etc.
You can't put something like that together in just a couple of months.
They tried for 7 years. I guess you are doubling down on your lack of character? Maybe we didnt realize you never had any
Republican controlled Senate could have worked with Democratic Senators in 2010 to improve ACA. House plan is DOA. GOP owns it!
ARE YOU SERIOUS RIGHT NOW??? It's called the ACA you nitwit!
How about putting partisan BS aside and making ACA better. Just a thought...
I thought Cruz was the dumbest Texan in government but now I know it's you. 
Omg. I can not.
.@JohnCornyn  you mean you had no plan each of the 52 times you all voted to gut health care?
what concerns me is that you consider THAT a solution. I want a bipartisan SOLUTION. #DOYOURDAMNJOB
You had years to offer to help. You said NO! Now you know how hard it is. If they did offer a repair you would just say NO.
FULL REPEAL of ObamaCare!
what do you think is wrong with it, and does the GOP plan fix it.
We wanted single payer.  Obama tried to compromise by offering the GOP almost the exact plan they pushed in 1993.
LOL.  You are ridiculous.  I can't wait to vote you out of office.
you're kidding, right?
@SenSchumer well I am sure the Dems have a few ideas, why don't you ask them instead of asking us? @SenateDems
governing is hard, isn't it? Do you miss the good ol days of being the intransigent minority party?
This is all you people can do, isn't it, find fault with Democrats.  It's the only thing you people are good at.  Try governing.
@realDonaldTrump Own it Republicans --- if it's so good.  Trump Care.
Yes, actually, there is.  It's called the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare.
how about Wyden-Bennett? A real bipartisan solution that lowers cost AND achieves universal coverage.
I believe @SenSanders has talked extensively about his plan MANY times. Weren't you listening?
they've got time , it took you 7 years
Deflecting much? As if Republicans would welcome or support any dem amendments. Please, your constituents aren't all that dumb.
I think @SenSanders has a healthcare plan for you!
I'm astonished. All you wanted to do was say "repeal" and offer no fix, now you're complaining when Dems feel like they have to oppose #AHCA
unfortunately, D's will likely take example from the last 6 yr of R behavior and focus on blocking and hearings. You earned it.
Irrelevant. Do the will of the people and cut out lobbyist/special interest influence please
Riiiight. It's the dems fault. Very Trumpian of you to blame someone else. Always blame someone else. It's weak and ridiculous.
increase mandate penalty, drive healthy (for now) people to participate, get states to opt in to medicaid, insurers will follow
Where is the bi-partisanship? This problem affects all of us.  Why weren't the @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems invited to discuss?
you put party in front of country, any hope at a good legacy for John Cornyn is gone, stupid fool
You have majority. Don't pretend Democrat bill would have a chance. Your party ran on repeal-and-replace so YOU FIX IT.
you know that is not the way it works!
You're kidding, right?
Where is yours???  You've had 8 years to come up with something better than what you have!
H.R. 1275 Bill called world's greatest healthcare in the world...republicans are trying the harm the work class and elderly
YOU'VE HAD YOUR WHOLE CAREER to come up with something better than ACA so let's not start in on that route, Johnnyboy.
So the plan was cripple ACA, blame Ds for it not working, do nothing, blame Ds for not having a fix. What is the point of you?
you wouldn't pass it even if it was better, why should they bother?
@tedcruz @RepPeteOlson no #Ryancare
yes you want to waste money on walls and Middle East /oil Buddies but not on American people? #DoYourJob
stop pissing on our boots you are not doing anyone a favor but your corporate bosses
it is called the Affordable healthcare act you all had 6 years and this is what we get? And 50 + repel tries
@tedcruz @RepHensarling Y'all have NO shame. Hospitals, AMA, nurses, AARP against your "plan" & your fix is to blame Dems. lol!
The democrats are EVIL. They did not and do not care #Obamacare failed. Lead by example. FIX the bill!
Aren't you in the same place with the Democrats?  Like, yell across the aisle and ask them, or work together to fix the #ACA!
now you are blaming democrats???  Please!
Single-payer, Senator. It should've been on the table in 2009-10.
They tried for eight years. You refused. Now you're in charge. This Dallas voter is paying close attention.
@SenateRPC So hilarious. Laughed out loud at your dump tweet. Wife said "oh give me a bucket!"
would you try to fix it in good faith, and doesn't give the rich a tax break? I doubt it.
@JoeNBC @morningmika @RepKevinBrady  Senator here is a novel idea.  Why don't all of you roll up ur sleeves and work on a fix
Repubs have been screaming about the ACA for years. Should have been ready. Now you want to throw it back on the Dems? Please do
@Indivisibletx02 they are too busy trying to prevent you from destroying the ACA and American health But nice try at a diversion
you have turned into complete internet troll. I hope this is a staffer and not you. Republicans used to stand for integrity
Are you seriously trying to be outrageous? Are you taking lessons from the president on how to tweet?
I can't wait to vote against you.
That would be universal healthcare for all as it should be. A national healthcare plan not just an insurance reform.
It's called 
"Don't fix what's not broken"!
lol
how many times do we have to say it? TAKE THE EXPANDED MEDICAID FOR YOUR STATE! #Thisisyourlastterm
It's states accepting and working with Obamacare. Get to work.
I guess it's in the same place the GOP alternatives were during the last administration.  Your next town hall is?
Shouldn't the impetus be on the GOP who want to repeal the ACA instead of repairing it?! Why not work together for Americans?
.@JohnCornyn gotta hand it to ya, brilliant strategy. Keep patriots too busy trying to save the country to try to improve a working system
really? Where is the plan that you had 7 years to create??!! 78610
are you kidding me? You remain an embarrassment.
Hypocrite.
Seriously? The GOP hasn't been willing to listen to anything we say and that was when Obama was president
Single payer system like every other advanced nation in the world & quality med care for all! And they have better outcomes.
Listen to @RandPaul and start over
Uh. It's your turn to govern. Your party holds the majority in all the committees. Frapping.....
Of course there's an alternative fix, but you guys have been in opposition so long you won't even listen or consider.
.@JohnCornyn, expand Medicaid in all 50 states, fund the risk corridors, & stop demonizing #ACA (undo Republican sabotage, in other words).
Single Payer. There...next issue? #DoingTheirJobAsUsual
Idk, single payer, maybe?
@SenSanders Perhaps you two should talk. :-D
Where's your bill? Stop deflecting.  Take responsibility.
not even funny anymore. Rs never lent a hand, never contributed, and never had a backup. What did Rs do for last 7 years?
where was yours for the last 8 years?
Donald, is that you? What are you doing on Cornyn's account?
wow u never seem to amaze with ur shameless tweets. How would U know what dems want?! This is the 1st time u asked. I vote. Bye!
probably trying to get it right. Unlike republicans
