Are you purposefully thick in the head? It must be the TX sun.
KSM has not been convicted yet. Neither was Snowden.
they don't have to be charged (Nixon)
technically they could be pardoned.
Nixon was pardoned, never convicted.
John, 
you are very ignorant. 
   
Be quiet!
Did you just compare those who expose war crimes to war criminals?
BTW, how are your KKK buddies doing?
Think we forgot?
What about Satan?
what a silly tweet.
if you can't tell the difference, you're not too bright.
Just because KSM is a Trump supporter... What a dick. /cc @Snowden
You get to complain after you stop your party's president from selling America to Putin. Till then, zero credibility.
Way to not understand a goddamn thing!
This Tweet is absolutely disgusting and you should be ashamed.
Snowden is a good man. This tweet makes me question if you are. btw, I'm a Texan. I'm sure the NSA can verify that for you.
You care about political points. Snowden cares about our rights. I'm going to remember this tweet in the run-up to 2020.
I'm a fan, but how can you compare whistle blowers who helped the public to a 9/11 terrorist?
Considering your pronouncements on box turtles, this bit of ignorance comes as no surprise.
as somebody who's voted for you multiple times, your attitude on this is distasteful.
Stop being the ombudsman for vacuous stupidity. That's @tedcruz's job.
At least @tedcruz did two things good for the American people in the past two weeks
Did he admit to being the Zodiac killer twice?
Shouldn't you be at least equally concerned about Russian attacks on our democracy? #Constituent #GrowSome
this must be one of the most brutally ignorant posts you have ever made, a high bar.
I served 6 years. Did YOU? #DivisionStartsFriday
Snowden is a American hero.
Julian Assange should be forgiven for his truth telling, as well.
John, can you stop being an embarrassment to the state? We would appreciate it.
LOL @ False Patriots like @JohnCornyn! We're hoping Snowden and anything sealed against Julian Assange will be tomorrow. Warmongers disagree
delete your Account
@PatrickSvitek Yes. Libby sure did some hard time before W granted him relief...
KSM plotted to destroy human lives. @Snowden & @xychelsea acted to save/better them. I'm unclear how your confusion comes to be.
.@JohnCornyn This is vile. You should be ashamed for making this comparison.
Equating Manning and KSM?  Come on. You're not that dumb. Do you think your constituents are that dumb?
you + GOP are destroying healthcare which will be a death sentence for up to 50 million people, now that's real terrorism
@Snowden You clearly do not understand what Manning & Snowden did. Government is supposed to work for the people. Not spy on us
not everything should be viewed through the prism of partisan politics.  Only simple-minded and fools do so. which are you?
You, can't be serious. NOPE! Yet, you are. SMH! Proof that both parties have members who live in alternative realities.
The last thing we need in these sure-to-be-troubled times is more looney-tune pronouncements like this.  Grow up.
you're startin' to pull from strings now buddy.
@Snowden is an American hero and patriot. While you and your ilk destroy our constitution.he was exposing your treachery.
lmfao
really? Disgraceful tweet
Lives lost or harmed by the 9/11 attacks: 3500+
Lives lost or harmed by the leaks of Snowden, Manning, and Assange: big fat zero
Are you telling us that you have poor judgement, or that you'll feign obtuseness for a chance to malign political opposition?
What a silly man you are.
you are an embarrassment
deep breathe, now relax & stay outa the sun. k?
What am incredibly dumb thing to say.
Better to be thought a fool than to tweet and remove all doubt.
@Snowden, hopefully, KSM, no. Linking the two together is like linking Nelson Mandela and Jack The Ripper.
Both were criminals at one point in their lives, one was morally justified and history showed him to have been right.
The other was a serial killer.
you should ask your new leader, Vlad.
Are you insane comparing the 2? KSM masterminded 9/11 + good possibility he also killed Dan Pearl.
probably not, seeing as the 9/11 attacks and providing truth to the american people are.... idunno... not the same.
uhhh...completely #falseequivalent #stop
Yup! But that fact is lost on him.
You are in the top 10 neo cons to be primaried. Such neo con totalitarian governance will not be tolerated in our republic.
guessing this is a now unemployed staff member or intern who posted this...
your ignorance is baffling.
delete your account
You're unfit to represent me and my state.
I think his seat is up in 2020.
YOUR GUY HAS THE SMALLEST HANDS.
this is a bad tweet
Do us all a favour and just stop talking.
how is Khalid Sheik Mohammed in boat with Manning? I would not commute, but your logic is absent. Hows budget & ACA workin 4 you
That's a false equivalency and you know it.
don't see why not. All of you are crooks and get away with it!
We will know in a couple of days, won't we?
so it was Gen. James “Hoss” Cartwright, not Snowden or KSN were you surprised? Was this choice correct?
Your concerns would be more credible if you spoken out against Wikileaks and Assange in the past 6 months.
This is dumb...even for you John...
Have you have no shame Senator?
Stop with your snide comments, you are embarrassing your constituents! #AnswerYourPhone
Americans lost on 9/11: awesome subjects for the hottest takes!
people vote for this buffoon?
do you think before you type these things?
If the future President doesn't, why should anyone in Congress? 
#welcomeToTheFuture 
We had one running, but the dickless republicans ran a smear campaign against her. #WendyDavis
won't be long before you can include your Dear Leader Trump on that list
You're not very bright are you?
KSM? You're an actual United States Senator, right?
This.... is not an intelligent tweet.
Good question, and obviously sincere.
Maybe all the prison doors will be thrown open at once!
Have you always been a Stalinist?
.@JohnCornyn Mr. Cornyn...
you are embarrassing yourself -
when you were born did the pediatrician drill a hole in your head and fill it with dog excrement?
My printer ran out of ink. I think Russia used it up.
Great for Manning! @Snowden actually cares for our country! You're just an opportunistic hack with absolutely no insight!
the Manning release is concerning but less than the continued proRussia, anti NATO, anti ally, stance of incoming POETUS
optics are bad. Almost as bad as the Russian compromised Trump talking about ending sanctions.
2. to be satisfied until Trump twitter rage start a war. Would I be OK with that!
that will be @realDonaldTrump when Putin tells him to do it
IDK ask Judith Miller.
@jslovegrove Snowden's commutation will come on day 1 of the Trump administration...
Please stop. Not all Texans are this irresponsible. Please work on Healthcare for all.
Treason is not negated by gender confusion.
That is an irresponsible comment.
@PatrickSvitek Disagree with Obama on this... but Senator, neither Snowden nor KSM have been convicted. Would be hard to commute
@PatrickSvitek @JohnCornyn Yes. esp for Snowden.
@PatrickSvitek ...yes, they're far behind. Snowden applied for pardon. Totally different.
So you're breaking with your party and denouncing Assange, right?
Surely you are not serious.
I remember the videos showing US troops gunning down civilians, do you? Are you proud?
Obama said publicly not pardoning Snowden
If concern earnest then plz keep investigating DJT, Flyn Bannon-UR GOP & Russia TODAY
Don't be silly. There is no way he will pardon Snowden.
Snowden no.  He never stood trial, and ran.
No, Obama is on a mission to tear the fabric of our judicial system & country.
sad
I'm willing to bet it
And….the Rosenbergs. Don’t forget the Rosenbergs!
