Apparently to Cornyn, he views 22 million people losing health care as a fair trade for maybe 250K jobs. https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/882917169306185729 …
According to John, you have the freedom to choose to die if you can't afford that healthcare.
Unrelated, but "Bathroom Bill Hickok" is brilliant.
Thanks. Gearing up for the special session.
Apparently you weren't interested in this kind of freedom for yourself
New Senate health bill has exemption for Congress's own health coverage. https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/7/13/15966034/senate-republicans-exemption …
The apparatchik on day release to Cornyn's office is at it again.
So apparently you believe getting treatment when you need it is optional? Wow. I think I knew that when I was 3. Staying alive isnt a choice
If you don't have enough money, you can't CHOOSE health insurance or PAY UNGODLY PREMIUMS/DEDUCTIBLES. #BCRA RATIONS health care @GOP
You can CHOOSE a cheaper plan that won't cover crap and has high deductibles. Go back to the drawing board @GOP
Of course @JohnCornyn @GOP will say you can CHOOSE TO GET A JOB to pay for insurance. Try that at $10/hr and still afford food/shelter.
Then @JohnCornyn @GOP would say, "Work towards a better job" - but then who would do the $10/hr jobs?
WHERE ARE THESE HIGH PAYING JOBS for people to afford expensive, crappy health insurance, shelter, and food? @JohnCornyn @GOP
Why not do the smarter thing for the economy and for rank and file workers, and at least provide Primary Care for FREE? @GOP
Taxpayers pay $5,000/person/yr for our health care costs. You could cut this in HALF with providing full access to primary care for FREE.
Once you provide FREE Primary Care, you can do your crazy experiment with free market care on top @GOP @JohnCornyn
Shameful that you use the word freedom when advocating for people of modest means to be priced out of healthcare.
ACA cost many people the option of having healthcare, but that's not any part of the narrative that gets any attention.
Congress could have fixed that. They refused. Blame the GOP not the ACA.
It was incomplete The same w/ the "fixes" The system was breaking b4 ACA. ACA was forced through & also incomplete thus its problems.
They had SEVEN YEARS to fix it or come up w/ a new plan. They did nothing except undermine the ACA at every turn. Why do you think that was?
This is one of the stupidest tweets I've seen on your account. Not being able to obtain insurance b/c cost is prohibitive is NOT freedom 1/2
Being able to afford only plans that exclude the essential health benefits that your state opted out of is NOT freedom to choose.
I "choose" not to have insurance in the same way I "choose" not to drive a Tesla and live in a Penthouse.
Cornyn is only for the wealthy.  Got mine so screw everyone else.
Read: You can choose to buy something you can't afford! Thanks John! When is your re-election so I can vote for ME instead!
Stop with the word games...it is not a choice. They can't afford it. Improve ACA, do not add 22 million more to the 28 million uncovered.
liar. You know it's lose, not choose. Badly raised, weren't You? Lying is a sin
Would love to have you on my show to talk about this. Can do it whenever is best for you scheduling-wise
The CBO disagrees with you. Quote: “Few low-income people would purchase any plan.” If you think that's bc of freedom, you're a tool.
TEXAS DIDNT EXPAND MEDICAID!  It's your state. You should know this. There is no choice when your options are taken away.
Maybe you'll give me the freedom to choose if I want to buy car insurance or pay my taxes.
You must be nuts!
Without a soul, your cranium has lots of room for your brain to roll around like a BB in a boxcar.
STUPID Response!!  Everyone WANTS healthcare the questions is can they afford it???  Go do your job and work with D's in makn it affordable
I've heard that freedom isn't free. You would like to assure that freedom is unaffordable for millions of more people.
Give us a break Senator! You are trying to take away insurance from the millions to give millions in tax breaks to your rich donors. #voteNO
Freedom to eat cake instead of bread.  My three white, multimillionaire (R) MoC in NC also explain to me why Trump MAGA.
What about freedom from financial ruin after an accident or freedom from being unable to afford coverage due to pre-existing conditions?
Freedom to choose led to too many unnecessary deaths because individuals aren't equipped to accurately assess their risk of health issues.
You continue to foist brazen lies on your constituents. Have you no shame? Oh, yeah, now I remember! You don't.
Show me someone who would "choose" to not have healthcare if they could afford it. Being priced out isn't the same as choosing.
That's like demolishing an affordable housing development and saying the residents are now "free to choose" to live on the street.
John you are sick.
I choose the best healthcare deal by being in the largest possible insurance pool - the whole UK. When will the US have such a good choice?
"Choose" something you can't afford to buy because Texas GOP tanked median incomes. John must think Texans are stupid. #BlueTexasHellYeah
Freedom is not needing to buy health insurance. Freedom is universal healthcare.
The GOP believes that the richest nation on earth is the only one whose citizens do not deserve National Healthcare!  W.T.F.?
Cornyn's attitude toward poor people is deadly yu and sick.
Ever heard of a sense of community? I thought not.  Go work for a hedge fund.  You've got the right mentality.
Do your family "enjoy the freedom" not to have health insurance?  No?  That is because you can afford it, no matter the cost.
Freedom to not have health insurance is YOUR CHOICE for over 22 million. NOT their choice! BTW, give up your insurance first!
People aren't free when they lack decent health care, Corny. Have the guts to admit you want Americans to die in the streets bc they're poor
..and that is one of the major issues w/ GOP plan. Low-income people can't pay full price for insurance waiting for an annual tax break.
I know sir, you've never to manage your cash flow, but without subsidies, the "choice" will be to drop insurance and pay for food and rent.
Corny don't care. He believes the poor deserve to be poor & suffer. Let 'em starve & die to reduce the surplus population!!
You are flat-out lying. The vast majority of those 22 million would not "opt out", they would be kicked off because they can't afford it.
The number of people alone who'd lose Medicaid eligibility when you'd end federal cost sharing for people over FPL would be enormous.
You are so wrong!
Jesus would spit in your face, Senator. He'd spit in your stupid face. @JohnCornyn
In others words, we can Choose to Lose coverage & Die. NOBODY is buying your B.S. Senator!
Coming from the guy whose party just sold our internet privacy, that's laughable. Freedom to chose to die lets call a spade a spade.
@CahnEmily Your campaign 2020: not lose, choose (to retire.) Ain't freedom great?
So, after paying other necessary bills, I write check for >$1K for month health premium, and it bounces, policy cancelled, is that a choice
ppl go back using ER as family doc cause no insurance. Drive you have 2 b insured Have a body u shuld have 2 b insured
all lose no ins get sick every1 pays Higher taxes 4 gov hospitals higher med bills premiums 2pay the higher med bills higher ER wait times
only makes sense if you drop obligation for the rest of us to pay for their unpaid ER visits and they agree to die w/o protest
@CahnEmily keep telling yourself that, while the American poor help pay for your coverage. It's a shame you can't choose them.
Apparently you believe people would choose to die, go blind, become disabled? If one can't afford insuarance there IS no choice. Inhumane!
So a family chooses to eat, or have a place to sleep.  Money can not be made out of thin air unless you are DJT.  Healthcare is not a choice
You're giving people Sophie's Choice, do I pay for my healthcare or my rent?  You & your cronies are fools at best, disingenuous more likely
Liar.
People wouldn't choose 2 lose their insurance Just like they wouldn't choose 2 b sick You're taking away their insurance with ur wealthcare
Thanks for "protecting" my "freedom" to get sick and die if I can't afford it. Just go back to watching Matlock and eating Tapioca pudding.
I don't believe that having NO healthcare is freedom... You sound like poor interpretation of P.Henry
Okay, then how about we make healthcare virtually unaffordable for just you? Then when you get sick, we'll say you're choosing to be sick.
So a family making $16,000 a year can't afford a $6,000 deductible plan will just "choose" to not buy healthcare cuz they can't afford it.
So you're right John, that family is "choosing" to not buy healthcare. Not because they don't want it but because they can't afford it dummy
So ur basic premise is telling poor people 2 choose between a gun or a knife 2 kill themselves.That basically makes u an awful human being.
And the smugness with which u tout you giving people "choice" and "freedom" just compounds your inhumanity. Morality is something lost on u
It isnt a choice when you cant afford it. Making healthcare unaffordable to line your pockets is reprehensible.
I truly hope that come 2020 you will no longer have a job representing the state of Texas. You sir are not a true Texan.
can't choose to have health insurance if it is too inexpensive to buy because the BCRA or AHCA
In the same way that hungry people choose not to eat?
It's official. My dog is smart enough to run for Senate.
Free to go to the ER & when you can't pay, everyone else does in their premiums.  FIX THIS if you don't like it.
spoken like someone whose insurance is paid for by everyone else.
You know you are lying you people lie about everything TRAITORS.
"Freedom " GOP style in 2017
Disabled vets and poor kids don't CHOOSE insurance. #Dunce
Safe Congressional seat is the only freedom you know. There's a whole Country of freedom loving ns who don't look like you.
Dear God, you are an awful, awful, morally decrepit man.
So this tweet is not working out like you had hoped. These guys are onto you GOP insurance shills & Koch bros waiting for their payback.sad
#KOCHcare
Not lose is too kind. It's take away because Rep don't think you're good enough. I don't know who lies more @realDonaldTrump or @JohnCornyn
There is no freedom, nor is there any choice if you don't have enough money to pay for a premium
This is completely ridiculous! What a mis-step.
Perhaps, Mr. Cronyn, you could dump the hyperbole and speak truth for a change.  Which option is best for America?
You're not the first Republican to spin that lie... you won't be the right. Healthcare is a right, not a damn choice to make!!!
Nobody believes 22 million people are going to choose to give up the security of heath care. Try again, Senator. #VoteNoAHCA
You don't have a choice when you can't even afford to buy it!
Excellent satire of American capitalism, gives us all a good chuckle. Now let's make ourselves all even richer with this GREAT bill!
There is no choice when the only option is not affordable. Do not be disingenuous. You need to represent your constituents--including me.
And what say you of the freedom to make other choices? Abortion, for example? Assisted suicide?
You really think that's what freedom is about?  Not being able to afford health care.  You try it on for size and see how free you feel.
Freedom is having insurance at a reasonable rate @TXDemWomen @TX10Indivisible
You know what's optional? You are. Don't even bother running again if you keep this up.
I have access to a Ferrari...That doesn't mean I can afford it. #VOTE2018
How is it a citizen's choice to lose healthcare coverage when it was someone else that caused that person to lose coverage? Get a clue, man.
Plus, under this administration, freedom IS becoming optional. Your constituents must just love you. When are you up for re-election?
Oh, right, you think these people will have a choice because your healthcare is guaranteed and you make too much money anyway.
A "choice" between food and health insurance is not a choice.
You are lying. People can't afford it. Trumpcare isn't a health care bill it is a tax cut for the rich. And now you are going after Medicaid
Sure. Like, I "chose" not to buy a mansion, yacht, pet Senator, etc.
It had nothing to do with *needing* to spend that $ on essentials.
Apparently, you believe breathing is optional
@thugkitchen Doing Texas proud
I like when people like you tweet things like this basically showing out out of touch with many things you are. Doing TX proud
all of a sudden, the @GOP are ok with people making choices. 

At $1.05, freedom is way less expensive than healthcare coverage.
Absolutely! People have the right to die if they so choose. They are not losing insurance just because it is too expensive to buy.
Choosing between basic living requirements and health care is not choosing.  Why do you hate poor people?
Take a math class!
Stupidest argument there is if you can't afford insurance or the insurance is junk insurance then you have no choice. Access to is NOT care
Instead of platitudes why not explain that taking nearly a trillion $ out of the system will make it better. Quit lying, okay?
We need #HealthCare 
Not #WealthCare$ #NoAHCA
Really!
REALLY
Nice try with the bullshit conservative spin.
