John! Tell FEMA to answer the damn phone for my 23 yr old son! The amount of bureaucracy is staggering. Get my street drains cleaned of mud!
Are counting too the number of people you plan to kick off healthcare?  You just wanted the heli ride, admit it.
2 worthless humans spending your tax dollars rather than sending them to help where needed.
Vote NO on horrendous new Trumpcare bill.  Fix ACA! Don't repeal!  Help us be fairly insured with mandatory essential benefits.
Crazy. Who pays for your free shit
Who believes you're not a bot? No photo-no credibility.
Not close. I'm a constituent of loser Cornyn who in my opinion ranks below syphilis
And I voted for him for the last time

Trump wants to eliminate the federal program that oversees long-term hurricane relief http://bit.ly/2xiHrjj 
Why?
This disaster isn't your cover for lacking compassion & soul. Climate, immigration,healthcare, citizens united & more. Your rule is selfish.
How are the clouds looking?
Don't see many favorable comments here. Maybe you should listen to We The People. We r not pickin up what you're puttin down.
Gonna ship in some bootstraps?
Any excuse to get out of your office.  Not that you work there any way cause you're too busy kissing Orange Hitlers ass @realDonaldTrump
Perfect metaphor, Senator: safely removed, high above the suffering, blind and deaf to the will of the people below. That's us down there.
Yeah, because that's productive.  Good job guys.
Why are u there. Let FEMA do its job and u do yours. Healthcare John.
Not even addressing that fool sitting next to you
Help these people. Support Obamacare and DACA!
NO!!! Both are draining us!!
Both politicians?
RINOs on Parade!
Sharing w/you how I pay 980.00 per month for health insurance & could you tell me why you haven't changed ACA?
Hurricane Maria Puerto Rico!
So brave.
Looking at the two of you in this helicopter, I don't dare type the comment I'm thinking right now.
Survey for Robber Barons? Don't put your feet in the ground, it's toxic there. Wait, you will have healthcare. Have fun.
Where is FEMA? Why don’t you come down to Earth and help us out or have a townhall?
I'm guessing that @JohnCornyn  is seeking all the federal help he can get, while simultaneously ready to put millions out of health care.
What took you so long? Going to Puerto Rico and USVI are you?
Puerto Rico is in dire straits. You need to survey Puerto Rico, a territory of the US, populated by US citizens.
Big Gov looking pretty good now Corns?  You barely pay tax there.. where dat old moneys cummin frm? the REST OF US
Nice of y'all to join us. Get on the phone and get some help here. Audit the city records. Tell FEMA to staff up now! @GregAbbott_TX
Don't add insult to injury by repealing healthcare for the millions affected by Harvey. Vote NO!
Where’s @tedcruz?  Was he busy wankin’ it in the co-pilot seat?
Relief funding should be no problem! Texas is a Red State & Democrats care about people over money. God Bless and Help our disaster victims.
Great, thanks. Vote no on Graham-Cassidy. Your constituents want affordable healthcare.
Why would you allow so many people w/o flood insurance live there in the first place? Shouldn't there have been protections in place?
Is this the new poster for term limits?
You two are ridiculous.  Do something useful besides take selfies in a helicopter . We will remember
Why are you wasting our money with these pointless photo ops?
Two of the Revelation 21:8 bros where is the porn star lying Ted
Maybe you two lackeys will see real people who need good health care, not Graham-Cassidy debacle. Dont kiss up to the Kochs.
Hope none of plebs down there need health care. Cause they're SOL. Good job guys.
How much did this cost
More government waste. He should be doing his job instead of doing photo ops. Enough already. We know what Houston looks like. We live here!

Are you taking away their healthcare next week? Repeal & Replace is racist & hatred towards the poor giving a tax break to the ultra rich.
What do u call to clowns in a helicopter? Ryan and cornyn
Drop Ryan off he can see the damage as he drops! 2 headed snake! Big John last term! We want the wall!
When will Republican leaders Stand Together and Fire Mueller Back Bone letting Swamp Democrats leaders Run YOU
Is this work? Looks like a photo op to me. So your job
Photo opp; take some of your campaign funds and earmark it to survivors
Are those earphones to drown out the cries of 2,759,000 Texans who lose coverage by 2027 under #GrahamCassidy ? Asking for a (sick) friend.
I won't say the obvious that comes 2 mind. Look, smile & wave as we try 2 recover from a hurricane as u strip us of healthcare.  U 2 R evil
Less damage was done to Texas by the storm than by Republican policies.
I'll ask, again: when is the last time you met a Texan who wasn't pre-screened and pre-approved?

Here's the flo President and Vice President
out of touch
Why.  You did not when obama was POTUS.  Fake politicians
Photo-op to make it appear you care, while simultaneously working to take healthcare away from millions of needy Americans. That's chutzpah.
Is this photo supposed to impress us?
How about getting us some more flood debris clean up help. You federal guys flooded us how about more help getting us back to normal?
hopefully you talk to victims that need assistance and not receiving it #femafails #smithvilletx Harvey2017
Since u r here, why don't you schedule an impromptu town hall. Many people would love to discuss issues w/you. Just tweet the time & place.
How are you going to survey the damage caused by Graham-Cassidy? By flying over cemeteries?
Rich white guys could care less... Big kock brother donations coming for your next campaign huh..
Y'all need to come down here & appreciate the smell.
No wonder there was a huge stench in our city today. Funny how you never hold townhalls here. #youbothsuck
when is the trash getting picked up??
Jesus tits, you people really are milking this disaster like it's real work.
If you actually cared for people that weren't your donors I'd be impressed but you don't.
Two snakes on a plane...

President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
Hope the area they  viewing don't cause people to get sick cause left to these 2 they won't have any health care.
And these people are about to learn that you're destroying their health care. Sad when the party comes before the people. #noGrahamCassidy
From the safety of a helicopter
Nobody cares about your fake words and fake photo ops. You're an Obama mouthpiece under the weight of Soros's purse. You & Mitch are frauds!
The money wasted on the flight,getting to the site,camera person SHOULD have been used 2 HELP PEOPLE. FYI-THAT's your job as PUBLIC SERVANTS
You 2 are riding in HELICOPTER that my TAXES PAID FOR and surveying ALL THE AMERICAN FAMILIES YOU HAVE DECIDED Don't MATTERS&Need 2b purged
What is the property tax value base now?  Ready to take health care load for GOP bill?  Generate sale tax revenues off restorations?
Don't forget about Beaumont and Orange co.
Harvey took their homes now Ryan will take their healthcare. GOP greedy old party.
Speaker RYAN, who did you promise to make pre-existing conditions like ASTHMA PAY HUGE SURCHARGES? What WOMAN ask you2DECIDE WOMENS HEALTH
For 1st time in history US prez putting taxpayer money into HIS OWN POCKET and Ryan is tweeting about everything but
Also, Plz tell me what AMERICAN MOM, ASK YOU TO PROMISE TO MAKE IT MORE EXPENSIVE TO HEALTHY BABY! WHAT AMERICAN YOU PROMISE 2 GUT MEDICAID
Wow you guys look awesome. Now go back to DC, stop obstructing and get your asses to work for @realDonaldTrump and the People. #Caring
Fund FEMA
Isn't AMAZING While WORKING CLASS AMERICANS R FIGHTING FOR THEIR FAMILIES & 2 BE HEARD, THIS GUY ON TAXPAYER MONEY DO PHOTO OPS! FAKE HUMAN!
Speaker Ryan needs to get back in Congress and do what he is paid for and Support your President (we know your Game) U will not sabotage him
Confess and resign. Save USA from lying racist corrupt treasonous putin puppets and Koch dark $$$. @SenateGOP  @GOP #SaveACA #nullify2016
Trying to figure out a way to turn the devastation into a tax cut for rich people?
Every time they pass a tax cut for the rich, a Republican gets his jowls 
And you voted against Hurricane Sandy aid
So you're gloating at looking at all the people who will not get healthcare thanks to your bill
Check out @PodSaveAmerica’s Tweet:
A message for @BillCassidy and @LindseyGrahamSC 
"These people survived an almost incalculable disaster; I'll strip their access to healthcare so I can really kick em when theyre down" -you
Please get to work, kill that Graham healthcare bill.  77015
Looking at all the poor people who have to work for a living AND MEDICAL COVERAGE?
Just one little push.....
Counting all of the people you are going to take healthcare away from?
Is this why you haven't answered your phone?  Too busy taking photo ops?
And?
two tools in a helicopter
Sight seeing eh? Look at all those people working hard down below!
Another example of "wanting smaller government" until YOU need something, then making it a photo op. Along with the other hypocrite Cruz.
BOT
At least ya can't talk/lie while ur up there & is supposedly bs so you guys didn't need a private jet to get there!
Run Senator Cornyn, pls don't let him corrupt you!!
GOP politicians only care about Americans if they can get a Photo Opp out of it.  Shame on you.  As you pretend to care.

Don't forget to wave to all of us Texans as u smile and vote for your repeal/ replace death bill and act like you really care!
Easier to see from above than dealing with actual constituents?
Ouch.
These two Rinos sitting in a helicopter about two weeks late to survey. We are already rebuilding.
They'll say see it's not so bad!!! Look what's still there.
Two useless RINO republicans that voted to fund Obamacare. But hey big @JohnCornyn is just like us!
Clear you voice messages, Texas VOTERS are trying to speak with you.  Listen for once!
Because the very thought makes Ryan hard 
Pretty funny- #PaulRyan @SpeakerRyan only cares abt prevention of #TX getting #BuildThatWall and #DACA #Amnesty, not #CITIZENS
VoteRyanOUT
For a photo opp On tax payers dollars as always
How about not harming American children...#GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
So you're actually looking at Texas? Funny because you don't listen to us Texans. Answer your phone. #noGrahamCassidy
#GrahamCassidy
The ultimate question on Graham-Cassidy.

Feel free to share if it helps people. 
Why, to see how much money to take away from republican victims to give your fcking rich donors a tax cut. Fake ass representatives
Y'all love a good dress up session for a photo op!
"Hey Ryan let's take another one, look out the window and look wistful."
"Ryan, try not to smile when you realize these people lost everything & we are gutting health care, Medicaid, & soon their SS."
"Hey Paul! You be Goose and I'm Maverick this time!

Hey, I bet those people now have pre-existing conditions and may need more than "access" to healthcare. #doyourjob #SaveACA
Photo Op BS.
#RememberBeaumont
You don't look 'bad*ss,' John.
You look LARP-needy.
