And how should they stop his repugnant (possibly illegal) executive orders?
- how is Tom Herman doing in recruiting ? Are the Horns back in 2017?
Hard to tell. Kept everyone Charlie had committed. Picked up a couple 4-stars. 2017 will be better than 2016.
I haven't heard much which means he's likely working hard to finish the class. I'm afraid of Herman. Will do great things
I love his intensity. Has a great opportunity. I am out of optimism. Need to see the product.
or you and other Republicans can also step up to not be remembered as appeasers to our country's collapse.
STAND UP to this maniac you and @tedcruz @RepMcCaul STOP everything- EVERYTHING before he breaks US for good
What about you as a member of the majority, Senator? How will you use your power to stop the #MuslimBan?
If you have no power, pls let your constituents know so we can vote for a Senator who does next election cycle.
you might have a hArd time winning your seat again.  Don't be too cocky.
YOU had the power to stop him and YOU DID NOTHING
you may think them a permanent minority, but you all are allowing Trump to destroy your credibility. You choose power and party
over your country and humanity. You should be ashamed.
no to devos tillerson and perry
Vote against Betsy DeVos and other unqualified nominees. You work for Texas not Trump!
how about YOU stop protecting the party and do something to shut down this clown.
Plenty GOP were jumping from the trump ship until 11/8. Now you are all lined up behind this insane man. We see you and #Resist
best thing you can do is Dump Trump we will all sleep better if you and others put a stop to this lunatic
Seems you only represent Texas Republicans. Don't forget future election. Clean your act up or you'll be voted out.
So do you, Cornyn, so do you. Breath soul back into the GOP. Never forget DDE: http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=25838 
Maybe you could....help..them stop this Nazi demagogue. Your constituents need you to listen or we will find someone who will.
he needs to step up for humanity and stop trump
Are you even paying attention to protests & ACLU donations? Majority wants brave leaders willing to stand up.
as a constituent of yours, I urge you to join with the Dems and vote against DeVos. We have great public schools in Texas.
There are more of us than there are of you Senator. We just need a little motivation. Guess what we have now?
Such wise words, Senator...basically "Don't do what we did to President Obama!"
Don't put this off on just the Democrats. We need to band together. Are you with us? #ResistTrump
To impeach, 24 of 241 GOP House members & 19 of 52 GOP Senators would have to vote with all Democrats.
you need to fully support President Trump.
I actually live in Texas.
you'll thank them later.
President Nieto. . . PLEASE take Texas back.
because your too weak to resist him yourself?
You have the power as well...USE IT!!!
Please oppose DeVos.  Morality is not only the responsibility of the Dems.
Cornyn. YOU have the power to stop him, but you're too damn chicken to use it. What are you waiting for? Chicken
Vote NO on Russian ally Rex Tillerson
- And what are your plans, Senator?  Will you stand up for us?
Listen to your constituents. I will be calling all next week about Devos. Demand that Trump submit a qualified candidate for this position.
GOP bitched about exec orders Pres Obama was forced to sign due to GOP OBSTRUCTION. Trump is ALL EXEC ORDERS
This man is a mental case! Stand up for our country and for Texas!! Resist the insanity!!
White supremacists on twitter are calling for a new holocaust. YOU can stop it.
.@JohnCornyn Please speak out against the #MuslimBan ! This is wrong and not the kind of country we are. Please!
I hope to God they do use it, @realDonaldTrump is a freaking unstable dictator!
Your constituents demand a town hall meeting!
# CornynConference
@POTUS @ rate thumper is going, GOP heading 4 the drain. B careful what U wish 4, trumper thinks of only one.
Please stop Trump! If he is not stopped, this is who we could become. Unacceptable!
it worked for you....wait until its your time to see who is the minority..#CruzFallsFirst
Sen Democrats need to sit down, they did nothing for us.  move out of way.
that's very ballsy of you to call Democrats a permanent minority.
it is these tweets I would love a down vote on.
Senator, a proud American asking you to vote NO NO NO on Sessions AND DeVos. Both will harm our country.
in politics when your opposition is committing suicide, get out of the way.
@VanJones68 @rolandsmartin check this out Republicans know he is Wrong. I say let run a muck
keep the faith John Cronyn! The American people have spoken!!! Carry on-support Trump!!
stand up for texans against trump.  Fight against appointees luke pruitt + devoss whose ideology goes against their postings!
and I rarely use the word hate. We all despise you spineless cowards!! BEYOND SAD!!
and how about our American soldiers overseas? Don't give a shit about them? We hate you
you and your buddies need to grow some balls and do the right thing. Otherwise, Republican suicide
how in gods name can you sleep at night knowing people will die, including our soldiers!
stand up now, or sink with the ship.  TX VOTER!
when the ship sinks, you are all going down with him.
if you do not stand in opposition now, your career is over. Republican suicide.
There is going to have to be a bipartisan attempt to reign him in. This will take cooperation!
Your party was hijacked. You are now complicit if you don't act in best interest of our country. #nomuslimban
and what is your plan sir? Sit and watch because you're not willing to stand up for what is right?
No big deal being on the wrong side of history so long as you get all that lobbyist money, right?
Choose morality, ethics, & being a decent human being over political party.  Otherwise we vote you out.
I want someone so steeped in independent thinking that they would never consider common cause. Vote for DeVos.
.@JohnCornyn you know he's Crazy with a capital C...what do you need to impeach him? He's going to destroy us while y'all try to use him.
Your situational ethics are showing.
Senator, You have a chance to stand apart from the craziness of Trump. Unfortunately, it looks like you're falling in line.
3. going to use as a scapegoat NOW!
2. Yourself w Ryan & McConnell. U MF created this mess u need to clean it up.  U can't blame Prez. Obama, whose
Do u think that everybody is foolish.  U MF r the ones who voted this punk in. U need to step up and stop him
Sometines its about doing the right thing, and if my republican congressional leaders can't stand up to Trump
then I will support the deocrates who do.
You are my Senator and I want you to vote FOR DeVos. I work in the public school system.
Let's hope they do, & let's hope the GOP senators join them to do what's right for our nation. It's up to you.
what about you?? When will you resist trump??
let's hope they use it
worked out pretty well for the Tea Party, so let's just see....
Thank God, because Senate GOPers like you do not have the testicular fortitude to do so.
Which side you on John? Are you a damn dem in disguise????
Rather b a minority among your tyrannical majority complete w Boy King.
Work for @GOP. This was their strategy from day 1 of the Obama admin. Don't dare claim the high road here.
so are you agreeing with this sentiment?  Be bold and lead!  Don't pander to far right
you can stand up against this too and stop being a Trump puppet. You know this is wrong.
because at some point you can't help because...
If we survive the fallout remember that Republicans gave nuclear weapons to a narcissistic landlord. #RESISTANCE
Please advise the president to nominate a more qualified person (e.g. public education experience) for Secretary of Education.
and you proving that party is over country will be the end of the Republicans
What about your power given to you by Texans? Will you protect us? Stop sessions, stop border wall, stop BAT.
Answer your phone.
hey gander, what's good? 2010 midterms sound familiar?
And we will as long as Trump and @GOP continue to make seriously flawed decisions.
Where is your responsibility??? You're MY senator, not them!
I hope they do. His cabinet picks scare me. His ban on refugee is wrong. And we need health care. Fix or replace
Would also help for certain republican senators to stand up to what they know is an immoral administration but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
This article by a democRATic party hack has a flaw - voters. @washingtonpost
why do they wait, who is strong enough to #stoptrump Americas heart bleeds today @KamalaHarris @ChrisMurphyCT
@SenSchumer Chuck, John has advise for you. He's also tweeting photos of lunch and won't meet with constituents or take calls
And just what thing has trump done that American people were not begging him to get done? Call your senators!
Yes, let them try to stop Trump from making America great again. Voters will not forget their treachery!!
Excellent, will push them to use this strategy. You are the "permanent minority" and will remain that way. #lostby3Mvotes
Where do you stand Senator?
are you implying this is what you want?
is that what you want? Now that you've caught the car, do you want off?
GOP better understand voters want Ocare repealed and replaced! No going soft now! You've had 8 years get it done
I call it the "semper mi" strategy.
And watch their party go down the tube some more? Lots of Demos are already jumping ship!
You are CRAZY!
