...to him, mocked ANYONE who disagreed w/him (incl. disabled), caught bragging about SEXUAL ASSAULT, accused by a LOT of women of same...
...lied through his teeth incessantly, incited hate and violence, and MORE. To say that the most qualified person/woman in history to run...
...for pres under platform of making America work for ALL OF US, despite having actual policy ideas, despite decades long history of...
...public service, despite having essentially HONEST ratings by every fact-checker and even some opponents, lost because she was FLAWED?...
It's clear that the fatal flaw to which you're referring is her second X chromosome, you privileged, entitled, hateful, patriarchal abuser.
We women are fed up with patriarchal bullshit. We will not back down, shut up, go away, let it go, settle down... We. Will. #RESIST. {fin}
Party loyalty is more important than choosing to rise above the fray, detestation and remember they are there to serve the American people.
It's time for new leadership in Texas starting with Ted Cruz in 2018 and then John Cornyn in 2020.
based on a previous tweet by U I doubt U watched the whole segment on Hillary. @indivisibletxjc
I doubt she's ever had a cognitive thought. Lol
And Trump has? He can't even put a sentence together using real words.
I wasn't referring to Hillary. It was to someone else who deleted their tweet. Hillary is very smart. Agree on your Trump statement. Lol
Oh okay. Sorry 
It happens quite often. State facts to someone, get blocked. Lol
Yes ma'am. Most ppl who voted for the Orange Fuhrer don't like facts.
Hey, how about some Town Halls from you and @tedcruz back in Texas??
Why r u talking about Clinton? Start trying to protect us from the president before he destroys us. U sound like him, u will be voted out!
Senator Cornyn, you are a disgrace to Texas and our country. Please hear what we, your constituents, have to say and act accordingly! Shame!
Can't wait for Castro to unseat you. You do not represent our changing state. Lying liars lie, constantly.
I have never been so disappointed in a senator as I am with u, John. Except maybe @tedcruz. PEOPLE over party dude. No @GOP HC w/o CDO score
Absolutely true Julie - Country first - party someplace down the list - represent ALL of us - or get out of the way #TexansWillRemember
Yes we will remember. For sure.
You are a man obsessed with the Ds.  Focus on constituents and all would be so much better.
Hillary Clinton lost because she thought she could force Bernie voters to vote for her. Didn't happen, not Russia's fault but hers and DNC!
Hold up. This hearing is about RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE and you're still nattering about HRC? Senator! Come on! You're embarrassing yourself.
And the State of TX. #smh
#ICYMI: @GOP CANNOT BE TRUSTED.
INDICT @JohnCornyn @USAGSessions @Cabinet @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @VP @POTUS GRAFT TREASON #trumprussia
Horrible questions
With all due respect, you cannot be serious.
And if you are, John, then it's time we get a new senator. #peopleOverParty
Your initial statement was pathetic.
Ask him if he didn't think an exposure of repeated already seen emails was more important than mountain of increasing GOP/RUSSIAN collusion
texas is going to vote you out...how much money have you taken from russia.....
Ohhhh yes!!! Texans gonna drain the swamp in Austin!! This time your Trump support gets you in the shorts - repeal & replace Cornyn
That's a misclassification, that wasn't questioning, that was an atta boy.  I don't have a problem with that, but lets call it what it was.
Remember this john - ONE AWSHIT wipes out a thousand attaboys!  #AWSHIT 
Is he your Senator? He was such a jackass today
Unfortunately. He's shamefull.
Mr   Cornyn insulted all Texans today - let's kick him to the curb - VOTE HIM OUT!
when are you going to hire full time staffers for the investigation?
You're proud of this?
STILL BEATING A DEAD HORSE?! Leave her be!!!
corruipt cornyn whats up with you texas.......this man wants ppl to die
#russiagate is going to come back to haunt you in 2020. Trust.
Yeah, but Old COmey didn't answer the important stuff, WHY?
A partisan hack says what?
It's comedic how often you try to seem something other than a proxy for Trump. Give in, proclaim your undying loyalty, and then resign..
You know as well as I do that if Comey had kept his  mouth shut Hillary Clinton would be our president; did he do it without evidence?
Yeh but what republican senator went along with not even taking up the last Obama Supreme Court nomination?
It's about damn time #russiagate was investigated!
Hey Corny! I'm not sure you got the meeting agenda...the questioning you were doing was supposed to be about Russian ties to Trump...
...you'd be a good softball pitcher...
You're so full of it Cornyn!!Thank you Senator Franken;HRC DID take full responsibility for her campaign AND her lossThe hatred's astounding
More partisan garbage from Cornyn.
Focus John--trump Russia is the concern and current issue.  Represent your constituents and get to the bottom of this.
You are an embarrassment to this country
Resign your seat. You were pitiful.
#votehimout
Grow up Cornyn and defend your country. This is about the Russians and not your political party. @JohnCornyn
Comey's "speak or conceal" explanation falls completely apart when you recall he chose "speak" for the Clinton probe & "conceal" for Trump.
I like how this article includes Sen Franken's correction of your misspeak.
You are just another old man that is afraid to stand up to men but love to show your misogynist side to women & especially brilliant women.
Oh but you're so quiet when it comes to @realDonaldTrump and his #TrumpRussia collusion! #TrumpTreason #Hypocrite #TrumpPrison2017
And the first sentence out of your mouth sir was a lie.  You are shamefully partisan.
Only girls play softball.
You would've embarrassed Texas less & looked more intelligent, if you had just sucked on a lollipop & doodled in a coloring book today.
So basically you lied during questioning.
Seemed like an awful lot of grandstanding to me. You should WANT to her to the bottom of things. At least try harder to pretend. Geez.
So proud that @SenFranken, a former comedian, had to chastise my Senator for refusing to take his job seriously & act like an adult.
Your comments and questions were appalling...
What a sham. You have no pride or else I would suggest that you should be ashamed of yourself.
YOU MAY HAVE BLASTED-BUT IT WAS ALL BLUSTER, SMOKE & MIRRORS. WE'RE STILL FOCUSED ON TRUMP CAMPAIGN, COLLUSION, & A MILLION UNETHICAL ISSUES
I was so mortified by your behavior with Comey today. I hope you heard what Sen Franken had to say after you left early.
Love her or hate her it's still an obsession. Poor John, can't move on...
Tell it to your leader! #trump #fbi #wiretap #paranoia #liar
The public needs to know how #Russia influenced our elections and how you are going to stop it.  #DoYourJob
Why do you care about what Hillary Clinton says but not say anything when POTUS talks about grabbing women's genitals. #hypocrite
Protecting #PutinsPuppet is GOP job #1 
Read this, and then do your job. https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-comey-letter-probably-cost-clinton-the-election/ …

#TrumpRussia #DoYourJob
Senator, Comey quote from NYTimes: Russia is “the greatest threat of any nation on Earth given their intention and capability #DoYourJob
You didn't even read the article you quoted. If you did, then maybe you just ignored what HRC said and wanted a moment of the lime-light.
Questioning?  Was there a question in there?
What a partisan. Will you whine about kennedy nixon next? move on and look at the fly in the borscht. Look at trump collusion w russia.
Russia?  Russia?
Disgusting display from a former judge. Guess party before country rules all.
Yeah, I saw you.  You were disgraceful.
Comrade @statesman @txlege this was an opportunity to get to the truth at the core of our Democracy- you failed,deliberately and cynically
2/We expect questions on Flynn,Bannon, Trumptaxes, Trump money flows,Trump family,Gorka,Mercers,Cambridge Analytica, Kushner,Pence,Guiliani
Not a peep out of you about our "President" colluding with Russia. Are you complicit or do you just not care as long as your side wins?
John, john john, this isn't about Clinton it's abt Trump and Russia. How can you defend that traitor? They've got something on you?
Um, you're not a patriot, a straight-shooter nor intellectually honest. I had more respect for you, Texas! @statesman
How's being a puppet for Trump and his cronies going for ya John?
You are a joke
It's all Hillary's fault. Sir, have you ever had an original thought?
Every Republican that doesn't want to investigate Russia & Trump r more than likely connected themselves in some way. Time to check him out.
I cannot WAIT to vote your sorry ass out of the Senate. #WhatDoesTrumpTasteLike?
Give up. You are an embarrassment.
Cornyn, your conduct is disgusting. nothing short of the willful undermining of our democracy.
The purpose of the questioning shouldn't be about Clinton. You're supposed to be investigating Russia & 45. Please do your job, sir.
It will be so fun to take you down in 2020 w/ Trump. He's practically your best bud as far as we can tell. You have zero integrity traitor.
Fake News unless you also quote Clinton saying she takes full responsibility for loss.
Your constituents are so tired of this kind of partisan shit.
Blame the victim protect the traitor. GOP is a disgrace.
Cornyn shadow account? Lol
NEVER EVER apologize to anyone involved in the RussiaTrump event on behalf of Americans.U DO NOT HAVE OUR PERMISSION
Yeah we saw you lead out with a lie and typical partisan hack BS.
HRC also blamed herself and her campaign..I watched the damn interview. Did u, or just hilites on FOX? This is about TRUMP
Should have know you wouldn't stand up to Trump and Russia.  Total disappointment as usual
Where are the follow up questions regarding current Russian involvement in US politics?? #DoYourDamnJob
Just another blatant display of you choosing party over country. Scary that you are on the Intel committee.
More reason for independent investigation and special prosecutor. #corruption
What do the Russians have on you Senator? I'll bet it's juicy!
Agree.  You have to start wondereing.
DC politicians are failing our democracy and they are proud to be doing so. Where are the next gen leaders America needs?
Carrying water for 45 might not be your best choice since you don't (hopefully) know where the investigation will end.
Come on Texas, let's vote this trump/Bannon hack out of office! He is an embarrassment to us and the US!
No Wall
Most of your stupid questions were about Clinton. That is over so let's get to the important stuff like TRUMP/RUSSIA INVESTIGATION.
Why are you part of the distractions between Trump and Russia?
Liar. Done with you men smearing Hillary. She took complete responsibility. Liar. #CorruptGOP
Come on Senator you can't be serious about this.  Never mind I know you aren't for Texas nor the USA
And bold face lying about Hilary not taking responsibility when she flat out did on national TV!  You lie just like 45, perfect fit!
BUT HER EMAILS.  #WeAreSickOfYou
You're disgraceful trying to lie to Comey that this isn't Russian interference! Let the truth come out and impeach those involved incover up
Reading you comments below @JohnCornyn I would say....you have a SERIOUS problem on voters.
God you suck.
Modest he is not
Not to worry.  We were listening to u and never heard u ask 1 question about Russian interference.  Don't u care?  Watching you!
Mr. Comey do you think if I started using a "I'm so smart smirk" like @tedcruz it would help me look more credible when making up alt facts?
I can't wait to vote against you in reelection.
focus on @POTUS and campaign staff/transition team/aides colluding with a hostile nation! ask @JamesComeyFBI why he sat in this for months!
All that talk about a Hillary investigation but silence about Trump? You are a snake.
This Texas senadors are very very very stupid especially this one o and ted ted ted
Time to move on. Can you focus on getting to the bottom of #TrumpRussia ties? You have seriously skewed priorities.
Don't you have a job to do senator . Please get over @HillaryClinton.
Mr. Comey would you agree Hillary actually colluded with the Russia not @realDonaldTrump cause she wanted Rs to look stupid by electing him?
Also it is the theory of @GregAbbott_TX @DanPatrick @tedcruz myself that illegals commit all crime in TX, would you agree?
AKA "how to not do your job". #Trumplackey
You had a chance to question the FBI director about his decision making & what he knows about Russia. Instead u bashed Clinton. Thanks a lot
Omissions of material facts is equal to a lie. I'd hoped you wouldn't act lie such a partisan hack during this very serious hearing
We know that your questions were meant to try to move focus away from Trump-Russia. It's not going away. Indictments are coming. Then what?
3 million MORE voted for HRC. She lost anyway why can't you let go of her?
Finally, u called Hillary out & dismissed her excuses for losing the election. Thank you #Emails #Benghazi #Pay4Play #ClintonFoundationFraud
Hillary is a closed case. Trump investigation is urgent.
For who?...u...get a life sweetie
Living in past honey, catch up 
#TrumpRussia
ha ha ha U don't get it, Russia doesn't have a US fav, but Putin hates @HillaryClinton despite her giving Russia our Uranium #Pay4Play
