Did you ask her or just fishing?
Why?
Such a dotard...always talking BS with no support...how are the Town Halls lining up, ready to post your scheduled meetings?
Ask her...what does she say??? Does NP say she is blocking...or is she doing something else...say what, John?
Is it tied to Graham-Cassidy?
Come on John.  This is what Democrats do not Republicans.  You have the power, now get it done.
Stop you lies man YOU are a crazy fool that will lose the election We are voting against you ANY ONE BUT YOU
Liar = @JohnCornyn
Why no waiver for Jones Act? That is the real question, John. Not why Dems didn't let you privatize ATC under guise of disaster relief.
We should help those in need.  Why are you supporting legislation that endangers millions by putting their healthcare out of reach?
Probably because of poison pill amendments added to the bills vs. A clean bill Senator.  #ConnectTheDots
Because you the party of big corrupt donors want to degrade yet another govt entity.  You control the measures in the bills presented.
she is not, she is asking house republicans to include the democrats in the law making process. that is called the American way #Harvey, etc
Because Republican leaders don't Stand Together letting Swamp Run Them
What pork is in the bill john
I've only seen Gov Abbott, The Rump & his league of evil appointees approved by the GOP blocking disaster relief
You sound like Trump, Senator. I expect more from you.
Because she thinks it will reflect poorly on our President.
We know why. Stop being evil.
Where?  Where was that on the list of bills today?
So this is the GOP definition of disaster relief?  Omg, and you wonder why we hate Congress!
Why haven't you repealed Obamacare!
NO Pelosi is NOT against helping, you grumpy old cheap GOP WHITE MEN are the the stingy, selfish ones! Work together with Dems. #Bipartisan
ask @tedcruz
BC GOP is playing politics. Clean dusater relief, no amendments. GOP holding disaster legislation hostage by attaching other legislation.
Why don't you stop bitching and start doing? SeePuerto Rico senator. You were hiredto act not comment.
Why hasn't trump said anything about Puerto Rico? You do realize that they are American citizens that are suffering.
Because you guys attached your personal agenda to it. Do you think we Texans can't read? We see what you are doing.
How did you vote when New York needed relief after Superstorm Sandy?
I don't expect to have a Senator that agrees with me but it sure would be nice to have one that at least respects me as a Texas who disagrees.
You have no shame at all do you
Why did Republicans include selling out the Federal Aviation Admin to big money along with hurricane relief? The GOP is playing politics
Publish a link to the bill, so we can evaluate the contents...because A bill in NEVER a single subject in the swamp.
How can she block, John?
Instead of tweeting, why don't you walk over to the House and ask her?
What the hell does Air Traffic Control have to do with hurricane relief, John?
Democratic strategy...resist!
You need to do it clean, not put garbage in with it, doh
Because you snake oil con men want to pull more shenanigans by pushing through BS that would hurt our airports.
Why not introduce a clean bill?

Bet it has more to do with that you are trying to attach to disaster relief. Knowing you and the GOP it isn’t ONLY relief.
Because republicans stuck something in the bill they don’t agree with. You cowards.
Lies
Because of riders.
#sandy #sandy #sandy  now reflect
Why ask on twitter? Rep. Peloton is can explain it to you if you're curious.
What would u do without alternative facts? You'd have NOTHING to tweet about
Why you are supporting legislation to take away healthcare from those most in need? This will cost lives
I'm sorry, didn't you do the same thing for Sandy?
Up to your old tricks are Honest John Cornyn, lying. U disingenuous abomination of a public servant. You are a cruel and inhumane person.
Small ball bill, NP cannot block anything in the House write a rule, pass it. Simple.
GOP controls the house and Senate what the hell are you talking about
Probably because they should be separate bills.
The Junior Senator of Texas did the same thing with Hurricane Sandy.   You are in Senate Leadership. It is time you to step up!
Why can't you be honest about the poison pill of privatization of air traffic control you tried to slip in there?  Too used to lying?
Why did u do the same for victims of Sandy? Tired of GOP crying "obstruction" after writing the obstruction book 4 the last 8 years.
Stop trying to sneak crap in the bill. Pass a clean bill and no one will obstruct. That one was free. Do your job and stop crying.
I can't find what you are talking about.  More info needed
Maybe because there is something disgusting added to the 'relief bill'? Huh??
You are such a disgrace. May you live in a nursing home with no oversight, and may all the graft you have amassed be confiscated.
Quit putting terrible ideas ( the only type you have?) in bills and they would pass. Privitization costs more with worse results.
Probably because of all the other BS that is in the bill. Too late to play the victim. We have seen your party over country BS 4 yrs.
Cuz it's attached to bullshit air traffic controller shit!
I don't know. Why did you? Again everyone loves socialism when disaster strikes.
Your focus is lost on opportunity distraction....we the people do not lose focus. You only fool yourself.  I would vote for Hillary be 4 you
What a crock!!! What about Trump?!?! He's tweeting about NFL when millions are suffering in Tx, Florida & Puerto Rico. Shame on you both!
I get the State disaster....#Harvey that is a rare occurrence..what are you doing for the STATE DISASTER KNOWN AS VA CARE.Happens 24/7/365
Why did you vote against relief for Sandy?
Bc it's not for her state that's why
Maybe bc republicans have added extra packages to it???
Why do you have a hard time understanding that just because you tweet it doesn't make it true?
Mr. Cornyn, why did you vote against relief funding after Hurricane Sandy? Please know that we watch what you do.
Are you that fucking thick? #GOPIsBadForPeople
What is the purpose of having a twitter if you don’t respond to q’s from your constituents? Asking for myself and 26,469,113 of my friends.
Why are you not focused on VA reform? Do you not want the Veteran Vote? Or is it you have come to count on it???
Americans hate Swamp Rats....Get out of the swamp and deliver on Republican Promises.... i.e. VA REFORM... Support Texas Vets & Families.
As far as I can tell, you are spreading fake news. You didn't come up with this on your own though. No original thought in years.
Because YOU attached something else to the bill
To be clear, a few years ago, you voted against disaster relief.  Pot, kettle
Don’t see the press covering that.
Seriously- didn't you vote against SANDY? - hummm - ask her why?
Better question would be what did the Republicans add to it? I'm betting it wasn't a bill JUST for air cause otherwise Pelosi wld sign
Let's go over this again. GOP is control of House, Senate and WH. Really getting tired of going over this with you.
Let's have a town hall and talk abt it.
Said the man who voted not to give support to hurricane sandy. (Don't say bill was porked up cuz that's been proven a lie)?
Why did John Cornyn sit in a room w 12 men and plot to take away health care so cornyn can get more donations from Koch?
Don't Republicans have majorities in both chambers?
Because it's filled with pork, as you well know. Stop lying.
Probably the same reason you and Cruz voted against aid for Hurricane Sandy disaster.
Why did you?
Hypocrite = johncornyn
No one has forgotten that you voted against the 2012 Hurricane Sandy disaster relief bill.
Why the tone of feigned shock Mr Voted-No-on-Sandy-Relief? No extras or pork -- clean bill gets broad bipartisan support. #NotDifficult
Pizza face lies.
Because it's #NuttyNancy
Why was unrelated privatization added to a disaster relief bill?
Why are republicans tacking on extras? Put out a clean relief bill and both parties will vote yes.
I've you asked her? What are Rs attaching to it? That's the excuse y'all like to use. It's ok if Rs do it?
Because liberals don't care about anyone but themselves
Be she is like most politicians in Washington 1st it's about the dollar & 2nd it's about politics to which they don't care about #Americans
What kind of crap is attached to it Seriously @JohnCornyn Is it a disaster relief bill alone or does it have a bunch of riders & amendments
You dont know?
Like you did for Sandy?
Why are you trying to kill Vets? #NoGrahamCassidy
Why are you trying to leave my children with "pre existing conditions" without affordable healthcare?
Why r you ok with this total abuse of power against the most vulnerable Americans exercising their 1 A rights?
https://twitter.com/MEPFuller/status/912380145121538049 ….
Wow. 
Not sure, why did your college Cruz vote against Sandy aid? And what did you do about it then?
Now, let's look at your voting record. http://politicsthatwork.com/voting-record/John-Cornyn-300027 …
BOOM!!
It really is a bummer to be represented by a flat-out liar.
Or in the case of those living in #TX21 , represented by liars.
true
Let's look at Nancy Pelosi's voting record.
Said the guy who voted against Super Storm Sandy funding.  Also, don't Reps control the House?
#Liar
We are sick of your games. @GOP #hate agenda #DoYourJob #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
You're a http://hypocrite.You/Cruz  voted against relief bill for Hurricane Sandy!  I'm betting Pelosi is willing to compromise ubloke yourself
Because she cares about the illegals getting the vote Could care less about citizens
What did you all sneak into it that will kill more people in the rest of the country? Probably trying to prevent something even worse.
I thought this wasn't the time to talk about politics...
I'm sure there are plenty of Texans who'd be happy to answer your question at your next series of town halls?
Because she & her fellow DEMS in the HOUSE & SENATE are following OBAMA'S Resistance Order!!! Time to unmask & FIRE all Obama Appointees!!!!
Hahahahahaha!  Tin foil hat seems a little tight today.
Why do you lie so shamelessly, man? I thought you were all Christian and whatnot.
Why are you supporting a man who disrespect women, children, elderly, democracy, civility, Christian values and decency in public square?
Obama was the worse president in this country's history. Make America Great again. We the people support Donald Trump a true american
I guess your ok with racism, misogyny, corrupt POTUS, Russians running our gov't, Nazis and The dismantling of our fundamental rights! 
Why R U trying 2 throw over 30mil people off healthcare?Gut Medicare?Vote No against the deathplan or ur constituents, I am,will vote u out
Hey Cornyn - HOW ARE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ENJOYING YOUR GOLD STAR HEALTHCARE PLAN?  YOU KNOW, THE ONE THE TAXPAYERS PAY FOR? #shame
Because the clowns in the House GOP can't put together a clean bill if peoples lives depended on it.
You did it with #Sandy.
I was under the allusion Rep were in control of Congress. She is because Rep don’t have the guts to stop her.
Why did you and Ted Cruz BOTH VOTE NO TO SANDY RELIEF FUNDS FOR NY/NJ? TELL US WHY CORNYN!
You're pathetic! You, @GOP, & @realDonaldTrump dropped the ball on #PuertoRicoRelief & you're blaming Dems. We see you. You're out 2020.
Why are you lying and not acting? Quit whining like a little baby and start saving PR!
Why is @POTUS ignoring Puerto Rico?
Which one did you & Ted vote AGAINST? Oh yes, Sandy.
Hahaha. This moron has no shame. As if we've forgotten about that vote. Nope. Were going to keep reminding you. 
You know why it it got Air Traffic Control privation in it.What billionaires are you selling the air traffic controlers out too
Oh COME ON. Pitiful even for you.
Why aren't you having town halls? Or answering your phone?
Deep questions for a shallow party puppet.
source?
Why is @JohnCornyn lying again? Oh, right...to distract from the fact he owes favors to Hiles and Deason and is trying to kill us all.
Why tweet this out without a link to a story or supporting evidence?
That's how he rolls
2020 can't come soon enough. Until then, I guess we focus on @SenTedCruz.
#GoBeto
Why are you voting yes to GC healthcare bill which will kill millions of people???
#GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
What are YOU doing? What is Trump doing? Let's talk about THAT.
News to @NancyPelosi I imagine.
And lying about it?! #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
Why are you hurting many more Americans?!  #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
And lying about it?! #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
And lying...
Sen @BillCassidy called our reading of his health care bill on pre-existing conditions false. Here’s how we read it: http://n.pr/2fAWevD  https://twitter.com/BillCassidy/status/910316563047337984 …
Why is @tedcruz busy liking porn?
