And that the NYT op-ed page, while far from perfect in range of ideas it reflects, does reflect broader ideological range than Fox
Right Brit, the @nytopinion @nytimes is real liberalism and #FakeNews
I don't feel like Fox blindly endorses Trump--I just feel like their tone and demeanor is much kinder and friendlier. They don't spew hate!
Surely they've been spewing hate at Obama for years. Being nice to your friends and nasty to their opponents isn't journalism.
Oh so you recognize that do you do that is what all the stations do except Fox
I'd disagree. The likes of Hannity and O'Reilly are men with set opinions. Journalists should seek facts, not promote agendas.
And you think the liberal hacks that are on MSNBC, CNN, abc and the like are not biased, what a bunch of crap
I think the standard reply is that Williams, Foster, et. al. aren't 'real' Liberals, they are Fox employees, so....
As far as the regular panels brought in to discuss current events, Fox is the most balanced. For years, all ABC had was...George Will.
They brought senators congressmen and white folks. You are not smart and in denial
You apparently can't read. I said 'As far as the regular panels..." which means people who appear on the show weekly.
How many regular panels are on abc? What is commentary besides Sunday talk?  Fox News is punditry all day everyday.
I agree, however, its getting ridiculous. There appears to be more liberals than conservatives. All they do is claim sexual harassment
Or they claim everyone else is racist except liberals so very untrue
Brit - they are simply blind to it - cannot fathom that the NYT is far more monolithic and monochromatic in their agenda
Name two.
@brithume @conor64 "Liberals" on Fox are largely Washington General-style punching bags or discredited loonies like Geraldo & Beckel.
So true. Fox haters are not Fox watchers. Love to get one in a discussion because their only answer is, 'Fox lies!' LOL
Fox is more fair than any network. Conservative and liberals on all day
Is CNN missing conservatives? Is Jeffery lord, Ana Navarro, other bushies, Corey lewandowski not conservative enough for you.
I watch and you are respectful wrong.
I'm conservative and I read the WSJ, the NYT and the Washington Post. I follow liberal and conservative think tanks.
I know liberals who've never watched Fox. I hate to admit it, but I've watched MSNBC, CBS and ABC.
I think Conor has been living under a rock. Obama and other Democrats have convinced these poor folks that Fox is the anti-Christ.
Brit I enjoy your banter with some of the people who reply to you. It is a battle of wits and they are unarmed.
Fox gets the bad rep because you get All points of veiws from far right all the way to far left between alot hate that, I like it
Brit you are absolutely correct.  That guy probably never watched Fox News at all otherwise he wouldn't be writing such silly stuff.
@conor64 U obviously don't watch Fox News Lots of liberals on,in fact some of most annoying liberal analysts Tucker destroys them nightly
And Fox is getting farther left all the time
Mr. Bowling, Mark Cuban? Seriously?
Brit:  be for real.
Please. You are a reporter, correct? 5 minutes of research would find this patently false. No need to lie to defend your employer.
I think that’s because all the excommunicated heretic liberals go to Fox for Sanctuary. 

That's exactly the problem@brithume. Too many liberals for me, along with current management.
LOL, c'mon Brit. Let's be honest about how those "liberals" are "cast" on FoxNews... What drives your compulsion to mislead people?
Cmon Brit, leave Faux News already. You, Wallace and Smith are the only real journalists at that idiotic network...
Go Brit
And that Mr Hume is the problem at fox with Murdoch boys ruining a good channel.
I agree, I see more dedicated liberals given time to argue their point on FNC that I see serious Republicans getting ink in NYT.
State-sponsored media. No thank you.
The presence of liberal foils does nothing to broaden the ideological range of the message.
Apples and oranges. NYT a bastion of award-winning journalism. Fox is entertainment designed to further a political agenda. You both know.
I don't watch Fox anymore. You guys are moving too far away from you're base it is sad. 
Wow! No reaching Connor.
@conor64 who?
Apparently Mr Hume has never watched the alt-right Faux News.
There are never any progressives that aren't sponsored by big money on network TV with any regularity 
And that's why the viewership at Fox is down. There are too many Liberals. We can warthog that crap on CNN. Change the channel to OAN !!
Speaking of, I wonder who at @FoxNews thinks we want to watch liberals all the time.  You guys go way overboard on this.

I may not watch every Fox show, but I gotta get my Baier (and Krauthammer) daily fix.
Fox News Sunday panel: 2 Liberal Democrats & 2 conservatives. Maybe unfair, but certainly balanced.
Did you just say there are more liberals on fox news?
@Oddy4real @conor64 Fox is driven by ideology & convention as against facts & good sense; it's to control the poorly educated mass
Name one.
So far Fox is head and shoulder's above the rest. But you and Hannity should be looking over your shoulders. the writing is on the wall.
Brit. Conor does not WANT to admit that FOX gives all points of view airtime. CNN has conservatives on to ridicule them, not listen
That is very true!  Other than Fox,  What You get is a broader view of liberal ideas and no conservative ideas
@conor64 this is the same Conor that worked for the "conservative" Andrew Sullivan. That's how bad their weathervane is broken
Well said Brit
liberals tout the standard strawman of the despicable Fox News, that they don't watch, but have only read what some other liberal said
On the majority of @FoxNews programs, the ideological spectrum is from #Bannon to #Trump. It's a network of sycophants repeating each other.
what is Conor smoking??
That really irks me too! Why so damn many liberals on a conservative news network? Or is it even conservative any more!  Sad, very very sad!
Sadly thats true
wrong!
Look deeper!
Hahaha wow, and so dishonest conservative bigoted and biased. You wake up every day and you go to work in a propaganda machine
Brit,, how is it you always get in a battle of wits with unarmed people???
Sounds like quantity vs. quality.
CNN has a number of panelists who lean right.
They also have a few GOP Reps & Senators for comment.1/
MSNBC really only has Joe.
Fox has more regulars, but w/exception of Wallace & Smith, they're just there to be shouted down by hosts.2/2
These are the uneducated and misinformed. Low information losers
@ShepNewsTeam @RickLeventhal are just a few of the employees as well. 
Instead of debating how many liberals you have ...work on the harassment culture of the corporation
Well, Brit, as Dean Martin once crooned, "Meme-ories are made of this." That's all the deeper the lib mind goes.
Who are you kidding????
I watched some fox progs and dem invitees were abruptly stopped with their talking points bc it's too liberals. #balanced ? Not really.
Jesica tarlov, julie riginsky, juan williams, marie harf, bob beckel, the list goes on and on! Fox gives each side a chance. Debate.
Brute Fox News has never in all the many interviews asked Trump a hard question then demanded he answer same with his minions so don't lie
This is prob very true Brit-very sad but very true-we conservatives knew Fox wasn't fair & balanced #leaningleft
CNN has equal liberal and conservative. Fox News is not fair and balanced. @Brit Hume is but he is in the minority
Conor should try watching Fox News at 3:00 PM and see if that anchor likes the president
There is little sense in debating a NYT reader on any topic. They are part of an ill educated choir that expects the ravings of Kristoff etc
True. Many viewers complain there are too many liberals!
To those who say Fox doesn’t have any liberals I have to words for them. Shepard Smith.
When I was in college - graduated 1963 - I enjoyed reading the Times, but now except for science and sports, it isn't trustworthy. Sad.
if they are liberals, I can't tell.
.@conor64 meant @nytimes has broader range of fabrication of news than @FoxNews
"Fox News, where there are more liberals than there are conservatives." Hard stop. @FoxNews is moving to the fringe left. Hard stop.
So true!
People that criticize Fox have never watched Fox. I used to be one of them, until I took a chance back in 2008. Never looked back.
Have to give libs credit they're so well trained all the top has to do is issue talking points (no self research anymore)
I do watch Fox News, and sometimes I even find Brit too liberal!
@conor64 Surprised at your honest appraisal, Brit!
WAS
And soon to be many more libs.
Brit  you know that is not true
They only seem liberal on the bizarre US scale. Compared to the rest of the Allied nations, we have a Conservative party & a fascist party.
Yep
He writes for the Atlantic, he knows everything, doncha know.
Are you on the payroll of 45?  Liberals at Fox?  Unlikely I fear. Certainly you are not. Do you like everyone not in USA laughing @ ur Pres?
@Conor64's assertion is indefensible, even ludicrous. Only @MSNBC, and just now, is only leftist network featuring at least 1 conservative
Even Tucker Carlson has Leftist guests
If it weren't for Fox, the main stream media would inculcate the American public with left leaning, politically correct dogma.
This the deceit of the left. They'll refuse to acknowledge the obvious truth about themselves while disseminating falsehoods about the right
Not hardly my friend. I watch several channels for comparison and fox does have more libs as Brit said
Snort
Yes there are now more liberals on Fox than conservatives. That is true.
-yes and sadly they are bringing in more -some of these women are the worst !!
Sean and that entire morning bunch moot any retort like this. What makes Fox worse than BC are the predatory scandals.
BS. You've been around Trump too much. You lie just like him.
Fox News - where Geraldo and Shep Smith are "liberals". ^Infinity
This is just an incorrect statement. Is lying now a conservative mandate?
I disagree. (W/ panel format) CNN has more conservative pundits than Fox News has liberal Pundits. E.g
And that explains why they can say they're "Fair & Balanced"..  unlike any of the others! 
Been meaning to talk to you about that Brit. Fox fired O'Reilly and holds on to the liberals. Better watch your back. You might have winked.
Spot on Brit! Fox has too many liberals on network! When any lib starts talking, I mute tv! Fox bends over backwards to have them! Ughhhhh!!
For an "intelectual" @conor64 that is pretty dumb observation.  Liberals are just obtuse & blindly arrogant.
Only if you sit to the right of Benito Mussolini.

 Seriously.
@conor64 misses the point because at Fox, liberals are generally set up as the foil, and the conserv argument always wins the day
Like and respect you, Brit. But you can't be serious. #FOXNewsUS
You go, Brit!
You've lost your mind, Brit.
of course it's FOX management's programming choice, but it's important to correctly reflect the goals of its political/social programming.
Im w/ Brit.
Hope Fox stays neutral,  signs are looking bad. 
The only balanced media.
Dilute absolute?  then it isnt anymore (Like TRUTH)
Chris Wallace is a decent journalist. Few others at Fox earn that title. Though perhaps it's due to Murdoch's (formerly Ailes') pressure.

my two cents, one only needs to watch one show of FOX's Hannity, Carlson, FoxandFriends to see/judge the political/social lack of diversity.
Tucker Carlson is very fair and balanced. I agree Hannity is conservative but it's no worse than watching CNN where they are anti-trump.
Have you actually done the math on this, or is this like your science on global warming where you say it because it feels true?
MSNBC has morning Joe, Greta, and Nicole Wallace.. 3 hours of programming from the right
Neither is even centrist except maybe Geta.
None of that seems important. True professionals set their own views aside to dig into the truth of the story, no?
I made no claims.
My Senator continues to be a #trumplackey and now supports the propoganda channel. #votehimout
*propaganda
we are talking about ON-AIR people, right?
I suspect they're referring to anybody politically more liberal than Stalin, Pol Pot, Mao, Mussolini or Hitler...
?
Hume's right!
HAHAHAHA! @FoxNews mostly Repubes!
I take comfort in knowing that every time these libs say something stupid it weakens them.
Brit, didn't the NYTimes get it wrong with Cuba? Reported a false report about Castro in Mexico and actually gave his Cuba overthrow aide?
Conor watch the shows before you listen to what people like Obama say about Fox
Yeah when I think "gang of liberals" I think  Fox News.
Didn't you hear? Michael Moore is up for O'Reilly's old time slot.
Lots of liberals on Fox News as well, I heard they have a don't ask don't tell policy.
Present the evidence of this.
The NYT is more central in it's perspective than Fox ?  ....  .... sorry I fell of my chair I was laughing so hard.
I was a news junkie with Fox until, during the primaries & even worse now, it became the TWN (Trump Worship Network); now don't watch at all
There are a few legit people left there (such as @DanaPerino ) but not enough to waste my time watching.
Spot on Brit!
You call rivera a liberal. He calls himself a moderate  republican.  You and your network are so far to the right you call that liberal
Brit you used the phrase, not long ago, "spectacularly ill-informed". It made me laugh, but it fits so many replies.
And that is what is now wrong with Fox News.  They are going liberal.  What was once a truthful network now has too many lying liberals.
Well - there's a bigger problem to attend to:
Where David Brooks is some kind of right wing representative? #DELUSION
Quit watching FOX 2weeks ago
Do they have a single columnist who voted for Trump? Fox has liberal and centrist Hillary voters, Johnson & McMullin backers + Trump voters
Do they have any that voted for a single R?
Yes, I'm sure Brooks, Douthat and Stephens have all voted R, some more frequently than others.
You shouldn't be so gullible as to believe that Brooks/Douthat have. You're not reading/listening critically enough. They're "progressives".
what he said!
Only someone deep inside the bubble could think the NYT offers a wide range of opinion
This is why I watch. Good debate period. Both sides in vigorous exchange where you can make up your own mind.
Hahaha. How many liberals host a show on ur net?  Joe scar gets 3 hours everyday in the so called liberal net. Try again.
At Fox, debates are always 1v1 or 2v2. CNN routinely sets at least 5 liberals against one or two conservatives
If by broader you mean it's still legal and not an act of violence for a conservative to read the times?
True. Sadly there is NO conservative media outlets.
Brit your right & I dont mean right wing. FOX remains the one network that delivers more factual breaking news & better coverage of events

I've watched a fair amount; and I respect some folks there, you included; I can't dispute your other channel comparison; but
no cable news channel can compare to op-ed pages of NYT or Post for ideological range; TV more pandering across channels, w/ effect
that some cons on CNN or liberals on Fox are there as Washington Generals equivalents; but this is a TV thing, not a Fox thing
country. Everything is so blatantly biased and objectively fake it's pathetic. NY Times is one of, if not the, worst.
Well if you consider left to extremely out in left field a "broader range" I'd have to agree NYT has it all covered.
These people have never watched @FoxNews
ah but do any of them have four hours every day in which they call the shots, like @JoeNBC does at the "liberal" station?
But keep pushing that narrative @conor64
yes sir
