So why do you support @realDonaldTrump?
So are you pro-Trump or pro-NAFTA?  Your hardline support seems to have faltered here, Senator.  Country or party?
Ross Perot said NAFTA was bad for US.  It must be renegotiated.
Thank you for putting Tx before party on this issue.
I suggest that articles educating us about how the Tx economy is related to standing trade agreements is good. Ty
glad to see you are against TX economy taking a hit from dismantling NAFTA.
there is room to improve things without alienating a key trading partner.
Key what? Leeches is better.
they buy $200b in us exports. Trade deficits don't mean we just give them $. Look into it further. Scrapping
nafta outright would seriously damage the TX economy and many industries outside auto. Nothing in life is as
simple as black and white. US n MX economies are symbiotic, not parasitic.
What an attitude.
an attitude of factual, reasoned thinking. How terrible of me.
how can you post this and support a President who has vowed to dismantle it? #NAFTA
but I think the supply chain can be adjusted to be within US Borders, or at least 85% of it be US made.
Here's a long List of the Information Trump Has Promised to reveal but hasn't 
might ought to have thought of this before @realDonaldTrump
bring all mfg back inside US borders....no to globalism, yes to sovereignty, wealth for all citizens rather than for elite.
Who's the tiny widget?
So you will oppose Trump on dismantling NAFTA or are you just talking big on Twitter again?
So you can stand up to Trump!!???  You should try it more often and vote no on the UNQUALIFIED  Betsy DeVos.
see, you do have a brain. don't confirm unqualified candidates, please.
you need to steer your fellow republicans away from the crash course @potus is steering the ship.
NAFTA will not be torn apart but restructured toward more equitable trade.
please vote 'NO' on Betsy DeVos. Protect Texas' students and teachers.
this is only possible in a floating exchange rate world....restore fixed exch rate of USD$ w gold.....put an end to globalism
How does the Ego Monument play into this?
as a Texan constituent, can you please clarify your stance on NAFTA?
certainly looks like a free trade agreement that benefits workers and the economy of all three countries.
Thank you!   No going back.
probably a good reason to stand up to @realDonaldTrump and resist the wall and not get into a trade war w .
#Texan @JohnCornyn seems have doubts about @POTUS idea that #Clinton's #NAFTA is "catastrophic" for #Americans? @WSJ
http://usat.ly/2jMeMfv 
Critical? Critical came when America decided we needed to give our strength away.
Loved the article. Think NAFTA is part of a bigger picture.Have you read
Thank you. I am glad to see something sensible coming from the Republican Party.
I hope this means you will not support any legislation that pulls us out of Nafta!
@POTUS 
Thanks 4 finally...wait, is that a thinly veiled critic of thumper? Stand up 4 TX much sooner and stronger. 45=fraud
Sure NAFTA can be tweeked, but let's stand up for Texas & against Trump's protectionist trade & isolationist  policy proposals.
maybe you should have tagged @realDonaldTrump
Well, it's ening that some of your obscure tweets indicate a willingness to look at what's better rather than rubber stamp
you are finally starting to make sense. Now vote no on DeVos and look into WTF is going on with the Russians.
welcome to the resistance, glad to have you. Now, use your power & position to help the people of America.
We are also still waiting for a town hall. Do we need to come visit you in DC?
Thanks for the distraction, but how will you be voting on DaVos and will you condemn Trump's comments abt Putin?
All that can be done in USA, including making the capacitor!
thank you for this rational information
Careful, @johncornyn. You might get President Cheeto angry at you!
One Tiny Widget's Dizzying Journey Shows Just How Critical Nafta Has Become https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2017-trump-protectionism-alters-supply-chain/ …
@EricaGrieder great article you shared the other day
during the (original) debate over NAFTA, economists in Texas made similar maps showing trade flows--cool, right?
No!
Thank you, Senator, for standing up for NAFTA and the many American jobs that it supports.
Please be a voice of reason and stand up to Trump. American trade can't be treated or negotiated like construction costs.
does this mean you have enough spine to say this to Trump?
like it has has created havoc with jobs
Senator misses point...if cost of disruption < $60 bn/yr USA wins! Or support Bordr Adj But $800 bn deficit ticket to bankruptcy
Republican President Trump disagrees. Yall bought this albatross.
i sincerely hope this is an indication of your support on free trade
it's ALMOST like you're going against your daddy...
I look forward to you singing its praises to the president.
is there one thing in picture that couldn't be built in US?Just think of reduction of unemployed,welfare,US DEBT.
does this mean you'll stand against @potus 's reckless protectionism?
*Matamoros. I'm not surprised Sen. Cornyn misspells the city, given his obsequious D.C. and National GOP focus over Texans.
Are you willing to oppose Trump on this? Dismantling of pub schools will also decimate TX economy. #noDevos
Will you go on record to tell us how you plan to vote on DeVos? How many calls, emails, faxes asking you to vote no?
since He refuses to respond to constituents does anyone know how to file a freedom of info act request? This is crazy
OK Sir, and what are YOU, as our elected representative doing about it? #aVotingTexan
Where do you stand on Trump insulting our judicial branch who are enforcing the necessary checks and balances?
simpler question..where do you stand on the constitutions sepearation of powers?  Simple question..is it good or bad?
NAFTA is important. Please don't let it be destroyed. People refuse to see implications of legislation and EOs that impact all
FInally some real discussion inserted into the NAFTA politics. Thanks for watching out for Texas.
Businesses & gov't become reliant on each other and become entrenched in deals, then insist it can't be changed
oooooh! Broke those boxing gloves out! Don't scratch a nail!
.@JohnCornyn Will you tell the president? #NAFTA
Also dizzying: you won’t condemn @POTUS’ attempt at starting a trade war with Mexico that would decimate your state’s economy
Senator when will you urge the President to deal with the terrorist training camps in Texas and the rest of USA?
it shows how ridiculous it is to not being built and constructed entirely in the US is
in El Paso it's mostly transportation (trucking) companies to haul items made in Mexico that were made in El Paso pre-NAFTA.
Just because we have come to rely on NAFTA, doesn't mean we shouldn't negotiate a better deal.
I agree but shouldn't start with ultimatums. Presidency is a bully pulpit not pulpit from which to bully.
when negotiating, you start with your strongest position and negotiate downward from there.
Border tax would be a terrible idea.  Tax would be passed on directly to US consumers for things like groceries, clothes & cars
Tear apart NAFTA and renegotiate same trade different terms ITS EASY JOHN join America and represent
global trade is important. Do you support undoing it?
federal judges on immigration restrictions. Agree with them saying parts are not constitutional, or disagree? 75082
you're doing a lot of retweeting. I wish you would do even a quarter of that work responding to constituents.
