MSM doesn't want to hear about all that. They have all their staff assigned to Trump. If not bad for Trump not news worthy.
Media says not unusual, all do it. Timing is odd now. No replacements ready. Bharara was told he can stay, now not. That's the story.
going to start calling you #DisengenousJohn. Every POTUS replaces US As, but ensure cases not harmed rather than intending harm.
If you paid attention to the story, 1)This happened in MAY after having replacements. 2) Not all were replaced at that time.
ALSO, from the article: They specifically said they did not want to  "disrupt the continuity of the offices". #LiesOfOmission
The argument isn't that this is not normal.  It's that it was done abruptly and without replacements. Hiding an investigation?
a) the numbers didn't total anywhere near 46 and b) they weren't told personally by POTUS that they would keep job
Did he promise any of them they could stay and then pull the rug out from under them? Lies, lies, and more lies!
Obama let the incumbents stay in their positions until a replacement was confirmed. BIG difference from what Trump did.
Obama however, did this with warning to effect a smooth transition. @realDonaldTrump is like a bull in a China shop
wrong focus - tax cuts for wealthy while older Americans pay more for healthcare WTH?? Fix it!! NO CUTS! BAD!
.@JohnCornyn "Senator uninterested in overall wellbeing of this country tweets misleading article." Show us where they were all fired 1 day.
President Clinton  (not my fave dem) kinda did the same thing.
kinda..."Despite Reno's request for all...resignations, some...stayed on the job for several...months." LA Times
Yes, that's why I said.'kinda.' Probably shouldn't 2said anything. Rs use it as proof of their story.
It was five(5) months into Obama presidency. Not same. Don't cover for an inept current administration. How about a townhall?
You're making yourself look bad w/these ridiculous tweets. Can't wait to vote you out! Traitor.
We all know this happens, Bush did it too, you once again miss the WHY at 45* outrage, a Texans townhall would help you out
You are right he did, none were looking into his businesses though, big difference. We are not dumb John. #TownHall
you once again show you are aligned with a corrupt government.
Senator, this work is from years ago, & shows how Obama tried to have a seamless transition. What's your point?
we get each Potus does it.  Some just do it with concern, class and care
#partyovercountry
Taking lessons from DJT on tweeting bcse you're making a fool of yourself
Every single time you Tweet I'm more disappointed you are my senator. Every. Single. Time.
Amen to that Kyle!
this just proves the point that Trump and Sessions are out of line. Not about replacements but about how handling it
let this shit go.  He is out of office.  Trump is dirty and uneducated for his job.  I am beginning to think u r too.
Why is @JohnCornyn blind to twit's POTUS incompetence? To deny, oppress, & exploit so your GOP cronies profit & segregate. 99% VOTING U OUT
Yes after they were given notice and not all were changed. Bannon said he wants to destroy gov. Is that your goal?
Yep - he did it gradually over a period of time with notice.  Not all at once in one day.  False equivalency
no one cares. What we care about is 1 you not having town hall meetings 2 you not answering phones 3 healthcare 4 your corrupt
It isn't what was done but the manner & context. This is all about Big Oil, and you are mixed up in it, too. #Trumprussia
Oh FFS John, no one disagrees that it is done. It's how it was done, and that it was done to Bharata. Stop it.
not the same thing and you know it- getting rid of Preet a big mistake.
Are you with Bannon in trying to create an oligarchy? Is your goal also to destroy our government? So only the rich benefit?
RELEASE COMRADE TRUMPS TAXES! WHY WONT TRUMP RELEASE HIS TAXES?  NOTHING ANY OF U SAY MATTERS UNTIL TRUMP'S TAX  OUT
a "batch" "in the next few weeks" does not equal all of them before 5pm today. Including the NY atty who might investigate him.
We k own it happens every new administration, but not this way. We know he thinks he's All the justice we need. WRONG
So similar. "One of the things that we didn’t want to do was to disrupt the continuity of the offices" 05-15-09
@realDonaldTrump is going for secrecy from the press. Gutting the state dept & domestic security for needless wall
article from May citing replacements coming vs. direction to resign in March. Has a very diff feel to me - what am I missing?
#trumpapologist
People of Texas to replace John Cornyn with someone with principles.
Yes!  It is normal to replace USAG's, they are usually nominated before old ones are asked to resign!  Texans are concerned!
Dated four months after he took office.
"President Barack Obama plans to replace a "batch" of U.S. Attorneys in the next few weeks [...]"
No one is saying Trump isn't allowed to replace them. It's the way he has gone about it that's wrong. No real plan of action.
Process matters. Respect matters. These are things you should also consider in dealing with constituency. Grade F
Really? U don't see the diff btw this & how tRump's doing it? he asked @PreetBharara 2 stay in Nov, in Mar no? in mid-case? Ugh
Trump says that Politico is FAKE NEWS. SAD!
There was a transition. Dominoes falling. Investigations into Trump/Russia/Financials. How long you risking your own career?
Did u read this article? He replaced in batches. Not fired all at 1 time w/o any replacements identified. Different? Yes!
twitter needs an unlike button because you SUCK
why can't U defend 45s actions based on their own. U only have disgust 4 Obama unless your trying to justify 45 #sad
John, note that prev President gave couple weeks notice.  Respect for their service.  Quit trying pathetically to protect DT
we'll see if he has replacements lined up. His MO is 2 not be prepared then u whine about appts and blame it on someone else.
Focus on @POTUS. Obama didn't have Russian ties. Obama wasn't under cloud of TREASON. Stop this crap. It's not working
So when is your term up?  Clearly you don't get working for USA best interests.
It's fair to do. That's not the uproar. It's how it had been handled and how quickly.
- US atty replacement std, but rollout over mths, not 1 day. And not when Exec under active multiple investigations
I like that O valued continuity and waited as new Nominees were named. Wonder what  Sessions is afraid of
Each president replaces previous staff with a NEW STAFF IMMEDIATELY. Trump does not have replacements!!!

Condolences to everyone who spent the afternoon describing the WH handling of this matter as routine and normal. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/03/11/us/politics/preet-bharara-us-attorney.html?referer= … 
It's going to be a beautiful day when #Trump goes down and you with him. You sold out #America for a #Russian agenda. #Traitor
the staff really needs to do their homework
Most ppl should know this, it more or less happens with each president similar to ambassadorships, but timing is odd.
You are right and there was no uproar. Perhaps it is because we lack faith in DoJ leader to provide justice and civil rights.
@All100Senators @politico It's cute when you post a story that shows how vengeful & inept trump admin really is, thanks!
the difference is that these attorneys were let go without replacements in place. Duh.
Again, the TX Senator proves his ignorance. The DIFFERENCE, is that Donnie told him he could stay and then asked him to announce such.
Did you read this article? Not the same situation at all. Stop covering for this administration.
Tell him Alana. You are exactly right!
cornyn,  you are not credible.
it isn't the same situation, as you would know if you actually watched CNN MSNBC. Both have explained issue.
have a townhall & explain to us what is going on at State Dept & EPA, & your position healthcare! Quit sending news links
Nunes Burr,McConnell and your self show me That Trump and Putin are more important than to you than your own country
.@JohnCornyn Did you read the article?  It happened in May and wasn't wholesale firing like now.  Again, sir, apples and oranges.
no news, we know it's SOP (but it still stinks). How about #TrumpCARELESS #IndependentInvestigation #TrumpTaxes #DoYourJob
We get that political appointees are replaced by a new POTUS. But they're kept on long enough to wrap up ongoing investigations.
Optimistic republicans will rise above Washington hypocrisy - 0%. It is a vicious cycle that continues at American ppls expense
Stop trying to justify the shameful and treasonous actions of this administration.
What's next? You're going to wrongfully accuse Obama of "tapping" your phones too? Stop trying to deflect. #TrumpRussia
no one is arguing that trump didn't have the right, just that it was ill planned, I.e. a shit show as usual.
"next few weeks" indicates attorneys were given notice, not fired immediately. All signs pointing to fact that potus is vengeful
#CorruptCornyn #VoteHimOut2020
Preet Bharara was asked to stay and paraded thrun Trump Tower .But he was investigating Fox News and Trump him self
But Obama wasn't colluding with Russia and under investigation by US security agencies at the time. Stop defending #TrumpRussia
We understand the past practice. We are questioning now why one was told he would be kept on but was then fired. Can you answer?
Took him long enough. I guess Dems dragging their feet on confirmations didn't help
You mean like with Merrick Garland?
It's nice that Obama was organized and concerned about continuity.Is disruption the motive when there's no plan for transition?
Are you proud of: Delegitimization of intelligence, judiciary, state. Decimating State, EPA, Educ. And taking away healthcare.
Future Headline: Voters to replace John Cornyn
AND @tedcruz @SenTedCruz too!!
Old articles? Blame game? Reaching much?
all fine and good IF 45 replaces them with QUALIFIED judges, and SPEEDY. Otherwise it looks like dismantling of the Justice Dept
Trump made big deal about reaching across the aisle to keep Preet Bharara on board, too. The speed of firings is fishy, no?
Obama wasn't under active investigation by those Attorneys. See the difference?
No, he doesn't. Texans are fucked. We have these crooked buffoons in charge. cc: @tedcruz @GregAbbott_TX @DanPatrickTX
why don't you google all of Trumps stupidity.  Oh no that doesn't serve Das Party.
with plumbers? 
not day of and not with pending investigation against POTUS
it's really odd, the timing on Friday after Flynn lawyers up & files foreign agent paperwork?
