.@JohnCornyn what we should do is get @elizabethforma to introduce legislation to cut health insurance to all Senators until 1
still waiting for your solution...waiting still...still waiting...waiting...and waiting...waiting #noreplyatall #shameful
John, it may not be "perfect," but your answer is to yank it away for 6 mos and leave people dangling. Cancer doesn't wait.
Present the American people with the GOP alternative and quit whining about Dems doing exactly what you guys always do... Block and Blame.
.@JohnCornyn what is your plan to fix Obamacare? Can you answer that? If you want your name on it say it. Obama does not care. #FuckTrump
That would be a prescient comment if it were true. What is your plan to replace it, oh yeah you don't have one.
.@JohnCornyn Changes and repeal are not the same, look the words up. Maybe offer some changers to ACA instead of repeal
BUT! Didn't Harry Reid make it impossible, in fact, for the democrats to block such a move? A simple majority should do it.
well someone's got to look out for the little guy. Lobbyists, special interests and corporations- you got them.
.@JohnCornyn Senator, if you're now for reform instead of repeal, it'd be welcome news to the millions worried about losing health care.
at this point ANYTHING is better than the catastrophic coverage I have that I pay premium $ for. So shove it Jon.
How about nothing,  is that better? Millions of Americans disagree.
LMAO. Made my day!
@pantsuitnation @HCDPChair  Time to repeal and replace Ted Cruz and John Cornyn.
you seriously think politicians are consistent? I'll have what he's having.
if the ACA is so bad, coming up with a better replacement should be easy. Where is your improvement? 

Nothing is perfect
if Obamacare is so Great why did they pass a law that they don't have to enroll in it
they didn't, I'm an insurance broker. I would happy to explain how the ACA works to you if you are open to it
.@JohnCornyn Why do you find it necessary to lie to your constituents?
Your lamentations sound like a prelude to capitulation, a game you RINOs have become adept at. I don't believe in you.
.@JohnCornyn a new law is signed that will replace Obamacare.if we can't have health care none of you should either
"apparently..blah..blah..blah.." You sound like my teenage daughter.
It's not perfect and everyone doesn't believe that it is. But don't kill it, improve it
stop lying. It needs adjustments which was clear from beginning. Thanks for that BTW, GOP.
Nope! Just not repeal without a comparable replacement.  I stand to lose my insurance.  If you give something better, go for it.
where is the replacement, John?  You have had 6 years!  What you got?
multiple replace plans have been offered, in fact one of the issues is finding a plan that has enough support.
please!!  The issue is designing a real plan that actually covers anybody. Rs won't - and can't - do it.  Joke!
the current plan doesn't do that and people have a right to not be covered.
expansion of Medicaid alone covered close to 10 million, mostly kids.  U want to end that?
I don't do false dilemma.
pretty simple question.  What do you propose
personally I support catastrophic insurance only.
learn the difference between reforming & fixing a program or repealing it. Why not offer to work with Dems to fix it?
You've had years' worth of control of the house and the senate but chose to do nothing when you could have. Stir your cocktail.
Senator, my Senator, Id like to call your attn to fact that GOP had NO plan prior to ACA, just as having NO plan now.
Exactly. Why should anyone believe GOP is interested in reform when they never cared about healthcare issues at all?
This attitude Dems r2 blame becoz no reform is possbl is bull. Dems hv tried 4 yrs to get GOP to work on reform 4 ACA
talk is cheap!  What's your plan?
don't lie to your constituents. That is not the stance of senate democrats. They're opposed to repeal not fixes
Didn't you MF just block a supreme court justice. Your mind may be short, but please stop thinking everybody else is!
Not perfect, but 20M more people with health care, and reduced costs for all, are worth saving
before ACA, had insurance companies _refuse to sell_ me insurance. It's flawed, but  demand to repeal w/o replacement is wrong.
the liberals are far more aggressive compared to the republicans. McConnells press conference made me sick. Pathetically timid.
.@JohnCornyn how about presenting a better option before repealing/reforming what you say is broken? Or maybe you can't? Open market plan...
.@JohnCornyn lacks the revenue to run properly if only sick people sign up for it... Please I'm all ears...
that's a false and disingenuous statement. Making the ACA better/stronger is welcomed by all.
It wasn't perfect, but it could have been if you hadn't set on your hands. #Obamacare's failure is the GOP'S Failure. Bad Senate
Maybe if Republicans would've worked with the President instead of bitching and moaning the entire time a single payer system
could've been put in place, or at least a stronger version of the ACA. The problems fall on both sides, not just Obama.
Way to contradict yourself in the same sentence.
Dear Senator Liar: fixing problems does not require killing the patient.
Apparently believing Obamacare is perfect, Senate Democrats vow to block health care reform even though many of them have called for changes
changes don't equal dismantling it!
Don't play stupid, Senator.  It's unbecoming.
what's it called when Republicans are obstructionist? Asking for a friend.
A repeal is not a reform.
fellow Texan here. ACA fan. I vote.
where the hell were you for the last six years!   Like your Traitorous President! Lies! Only Lies!
is that better or worse than blocking aid for Hurricane Sandy while continuing to demand aid for TX? https://www.google.com/amp/s/thinkprogress.org/amp/p/1ea0a82683e0?client=safari …
You are misrepresenting sir.
Changes that needed to be made because healthcare is complicated but could not tweak it cause Rep suing to repeal entire time
and without any reason, common sense or respect for their official duties.
You had a chance to work w/dems to make ACA ideal for Americans. Instead, you put your political gains ahead of constituents.
They are going to do exactly what they decried in shoving it down our throats: They will act totally political and ...
Dems have never ever said #ACA is perfect. They've said it's better than the nothing GOP is offering.
Believing that it's better than the absolute nothing you propose to replace it with is perfectly sensible.
, curious why GOP interested in "reform" now and refused to work w/ Dems on ACA reform for years? GOP has no plan for replace!
You could have been part of REFORMING the #affordablecareact for the past 6 years but no because #partisanship.
You can and should change the existing law without repealing the existing law with no plan for replacement, causing chaos!
Who said it was perfect? So your suggestion is to uninsure millions b/c it's called #Obamacare ??
Its not perfect because GOP sabotaged it from the beginning. You vowed to repeal and replace. Reform was never on the table.
you're not calling for reform, which is good idea. You're calling for repeal, w/ nothing to replace #makeamericasickagain
if you wanted to reform it  you had seven years to do that, ryan says you guys have lots of ideas/plans really? Where r they??
LET US FIX THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT NOT DESTROY IT. LISTEN TO SEN. RAND PAUL , HE HAS SEEN THE HEALTH CARE BEACON !
Apparently you don't understand much.
when your GOP packages repeal with no alternative as "reform", then yes Senator...and thankfully
Dems NEVER said perfect. Jeeze
LOL health care "reform".  You want to kill this legislation  no matter how many Americans will die w/o coverage.
Heartless.
Get a plan FIRST, explain it to the PEOPLE, and let US decide. This is how gov't FOR & BY the people works. NO REPEAL NOW!
how is it reform? WHAT are you replacing it with? absolutely NOTHING.
Repealing the ACA is not "health care reform," you pustulent crotchgoblin. Single payer would be health care reform.
From a constituent, you're being insincere here. Reform would not come in the form of exec order or defunding.
So what is your plan 2 make it better? Oh, that's right, u don't have a plan even though you've been crying abt the ACA 4 years
Oh, so now it's reform? Not repeal? Your base is going to be so mad at you. LOL
chickens coming home to roost! spirit of Ted Cruz lives! filibuster the GOP at all costs!
stop lying. Your entire goal is to repeal healthcare. Stop making your constituents believe that you want to repair. BULL SHIT!
Dems would be happy to discuss reform not repeal.
You have no replacement plan.  You've had past six years to work on "reform".
GOP the last ~40yrs: Cripple what is fixable, scream that it's broken, try to sell it to highest unaccountable bidder.
So propose comprehensive changes, don't snatch health care away from the tens of millions who depend on it.
why not reform? Is it fair to say the GOP doesn't want POTUS Obama legacy "clouding" your "image"
They don't think that,It's cute how you frame reform by the GOP as being good when in fact it isn't  BTW What's the replacement?
Texas has the highest maternal mortality rate in the dev. World and this huckster wants to share with the rest of the US
repeal and replace?
no bill/law is perfect for everyone. What does the GOP have in mind to substitute in place of after 6/7 years of complaining?
Baloney. Dems have asked for GOP to work with them on changes. You've been as obstructionist as possible.
You say they believe it's perfect but then say many want changes. John you're too stupid for words, but perfect for #trump fans.
because all you offer is repeal. No plan to replace or reform. Insurance market chaos effects everyone. Bad idea.
ACA isn't perfect, but huge improvement to Pre-ACA small business or individual ins. Glad to hear you want reform, not repeal.
I don't think they believe it's perfect at all. But crushing access for millions of families in a single sweep is unacceptable.
Maybe if you didn't waste time & $ trying to repeal the ACA you could of come up with a replacement but the #GOP is full of 

Name 1 figure the GOP will improve. Mortality? Premiums? Coverage? Wait to see a specialist? Deductibles? # of poor children?
You've had over six years and have done nothing but scream "Repeal!" Don't pretend now like you have any ideas.
No plan. No plan. No plan. Get real.
Let's hear your "reform" plan.  Hmm?
.@JohnCornyn GOP and Dems should be Improving Obamacare. Repeal not necessary or desirable. Majority of Americans want to keep & improve it.
Repeal and replace! Hate ACA! Too darn expensive! Will bankrupt USA...penalties hurt people who can't afford it already.
Actually sir, Democrats asked for help to revise ACA, but GOP Senators were sitting on their hands doing nothing for 7 plus yrs.
You are in the pocket of Ins,Cos. Keep your dirty hands off the ACA or be voted out by those tou harmed. You're DIRTY POL. SHAME
Senator, you are such a lying hypocrite. I would laugh whenever you open your mouth, but your words are poisonous.
For years, have asked for your ideas on how to improve while increasing covered people. If you provide it, support exists.
They are hypocrites!
Because they realize there's a difference between making changes by fixing the roof and burning down the house.
Mr. Cornyn, Texas wants you and Mr. Cruz to take it to Senator Schumer; suspend the filibuster as they did, do not let him rule.
, one of your DC staffers told me that my opinion didn't matter because it doesn't match Texas and ACA drove up cost. Wrong
corporate greed is why Ocare is failing. Profits over people sounds good to you doesn't it? Where is your replacement plan?
Stop gaslighting your constituents. You're not reforming anything. What's your equal/better plan? All GOP knows is obstruction.
No, they said stop trying to defund/dismantle unless you have a fully working plan to replace it with! Stop the lies!
They called to expand the law via a public option or other progressive fixes.
You've been telling America this same crap for 7 yrs and we still have seen any plan in writing.
Actually, they know it's not perfect, as you darn well know, but you're so full of hate you block your own ideas for spite.
Apparently, you are trying to deceive the American people. No sale.
we do think there should be changes. It should be converted to Medicare For All .
How can you reform with no plan?
20 million Americans effected. Make necessary changes. Be compassionate. Maybe it should be like the health care available to U.
the problem with all of this, not a moment of honest conversation...
The House voted 60+ times to repeal the ACA. Your buddies in the House wasted 4 yrs + $ playing grabass instead.
You wonder why the Democratic Party is "blocking reform" instead of voting on changes? Your party wants to destroy the ACA.
You can drop the "Surprised Act" now. Nobody believes anything that comes out of your mouth about anything.
As your constituent, I want to hear YOUR plan to replace Obamacare. My guess is that you & Lil Buddy don't have one.
no one said it was perfect but if you think pulling rug out from under millions of Americans is the answer, you sir are a fool
WRONG! They want to block repeal....are you saying you favor reform?
Where's the plan for this "reform"?
mandate to Republican states to implement ACA it's all repairs needed .my daughter's employees insurance not affordable either.
Only GOP'ers think so concretely/extremely. Democrats DO NOT think it's "perfect" but you know that. Make it better/change= fine
ObamaCare needs changes but should not be dismantled. The mandate that GOP removed needs to be reinstated to keep costs down...
Where's your replacement plan? Where's your reform plan? You've personally had 6 yrs to write reforms, where are they? Post em.
How do they know what to reform  you said you were going to gut it, and offer no replacement? How do they know what to fix? When you don't ?
If repeal without replacing, the entire medical sector will be in death spiral. To cover Butts,blame Dems. #partyofblamers
I have an idea, let's "reform" *your* health insurance coverage and see how you feel about having no insurance.
since when is GUTTING the ACA healthcare reform? You haven't given any plan for its replacement. Cut the crap.
Also Sen, Sen Dems have not vowed 2 block reform. Sorry to correct u -shld be your job 2 know. But yall also blckd Medicaid exp
Copying your PEOTUS's style by telling a lie, eh?  D's want reform, R's want repeal.  Tell the truth.
They NEVER said it was perfect, but it was SOMETHING which the GOP NEVER had!!!!
I'm a Texan and you sir are NOT for Texans who have no other way to get insurance. Quit blaming Dems! Where is the BETTER PLAN?
reform would be great, but many of your colleagues are calling for repeal
Saw you speak on the floor this morning. Did not hear one single policy idea. Just a repeat of 2009 talking points.
No, that's not it. It needs 2 be retooled, repealing will leave 22,000,000 w/o insurance! Trump has nothing to replace it with.
I don't believe the ACA is perfect, but I know it's keeping my brother alive & giving him his dialysis, and you have NOTHING.
Changes? I thought you had to repeal all of it?? Already walking back the disaster that would come w/"repeal and delay", huh?
GOP wants to repeal, then replace ACA.  What about the time between repeal and replace?  Just don't get sick?
I just called your office & left you a message. ACA good for Americans.  improve dont repeal. Leave Social Sec & Medicare alone.
THERES A DIFERENCE BETWEEN REFORM AND REPEAL!!! WORK TOGETHER MAKE ACA WORK...FIX BROKEN PARTS DO THE WILL OF THE PPL ..FIX!!!
Dems are going to sit back and watch ya'll hang yourselves. Not our fault you didn't have a plan ready to go after 7 years.
Your conviction to spreading misinformation is frankly befuddling.
You blocked the ACA from day one and never batted an eye at healthcare reform.
Not once did your party offer a solution that intended to cover more than what the ACA intended.
And yes, there may be a smarter way to reform the ACA. But have you or your party actually taken the time to make another plan?
America isn't asking for much, Senator. Just that you know what the hell you want to replace when you repeal.
You guys seriously thought there wouldn't be payback for last 8 yrs of obstruction.
No Senator, we Dems don't owe you a damn thing. R's have the majority. You want to repeal it, you deal with the ensuing chaos.
.@JohnCornyn We will do our best to block repeal. We can talk about changes. #Obamacare
Changes can be good. Burning ppl's insurance before replacing it is foolish!
Yo @JohnCornyn, you are not reforming healthcare, you are simply going back to the way it was! Have fun with that!!
Man, it must suck when people block things in the Senate.  #SCOTUS must be perfect with 8 judges, eh?
It's not perfect-but, if u want 2 insure the sick & elderly, there will be costs. Can the GOP have an honest convo about this?
- You had 7 years to fix it or come up with a better plan. Now the GOP will be to blame when people lose their insurance. #Karma
You are blocking it by Larcenous amount of spending. Net cut & balance budget. FULL repeal of #Obamacare .@realDonaldTrump
No one believes this crap coming from you. How many times did your party vote to repeal and never come up with a replacement?
reform or repeal-Which one? I'm on and rely on aca and need to know.
What is your plan?
Democrats will block GOP efforts to repeal ACA without a replacement that works for Americans. Nice try. We're onto you.
Don't pretend "repeal" is same as "reform". Quick visit to http://dictionary.com  could clear this up for you. #ACA #MakeAmericaSickAgain
Repeal is not a fix, dummy.
they passed it and it no good they
Had the gall to put this on our kids it never been
Cheap if tax payers don't pay no can buy .
I really hope we can get rid of it. Especially the FINE for being alive that the govt is forcing US citizens to pay.
Why, yes, reform would be good. Do you have any ideas? You have had years to come up with some. Please Be Specific.
I think you might be confusing "change" with "repeal". Honest mistake, I'm sure.
I'm a Texan, born and raised, please don't repeal. Adjust, refocus, fine- but please don't repeal.
You have actual ideas for reform? Let's hear them.
Proposals by REPS as far back as 2009 to ACA People just use google for petes sake DO some research before you spout off
Sad that u can't tell the truth
Bill Clinton pointed out the areas needing reform, he NEVER supported repeal! You Reps like to twist words to ur favor.#Shameful
Ryan on Plan We have some "Ideas"....No Plan Zero! Unwilling,Incapable! 
#NoPlan
#TrumpLeaks 
#LostPopularVote
#TheResistance
What health care reform. ACA repeal reality is finally here for the GOP.  This isn't going to be much fun Senator.
learned that tactic from the @GOP
just bc Dems have come to the table w reform ideas doesn't mean they want the law repealed.The law & provisions r good.Fix$issue
So u finally admit that u have been blocking the needed changes for the last 6 years?  Good for finally coming clean about that.
Now about those changes Obama wants - he is still President you know.  You can get it done and show those Democrats how it works
let's call this what it is. RomneyCare. Stop campaigning & sit at a table and collaborate. #ACAReformNOTRepeal No mandate!
article from Politico June 2013 showing REP proposals to improve ACA None of the hacks below know how to GOOGLE & im no EINSTEIN
and what reason do we have to trust  a republican?
Saw you on CSPAN espousing how everyone should work together. Apparently, have short term (8 years) memory loss how you acted.
let's not forget @POTUS chose Rep plan to push thru.Not single payer.He wanted bipartisan hc reform.U refused to wk 2gether 6yrs
repeal then replace AFTER midterms is not reform. That is partisan politics and nothing more.
No Democrats think it is perfect. Most believe it needs improvements. Be a constructive participant and you'll have buy in.
I listened all day.Stop lying. Never sd perfect.Dems have asked for collaboration for 6 yrs,incl today. Stop throwing H8 at BO.
.@JohnCornyn well they want to not have it repealed. Reforming is a different word, John
Same Washington bs. It is called the blame game and I for one am sick of it. No longer work for us but for themselves or party.
u&ur clan r essentially the next leads in the house of cards spinoff..I didn't use the word clan by accident fyi. #HookEmhorns
we don't think it's perfect, but we do know the amount of work republicans did to create problems in it.
. What reform is being blocked?  ACA repeal is not feasible.
No one thinks it's perfect. That's a straw man argument. The question is repeal vs. reform.
They don't want repeal. The Democratic party would love to hear your ideas regarding reform.
So contradictory; you should be embarrassed to claim your re-forming (repeal) would make anything but fatcats’ wallets better.
please stop trashing Democrats and try to work together to fix our health care debacle. Try working for your constituents
I believe the majority of ALL americans would prefer the GOP to fix it. Not just scrap it and reinvent the wheel.
True GOPers maybe, but Trumpers are something different.
John Cornyn, apparently believing he has a clue, vows to continue to hurt the American people.
Repeal it all or lose your job! DO IT NOW!
we are absolutely ok with reform. We are not ok with repeal and delay.
stop lying John 
...false.
Democrats will not partner in GOP crap plan of taking away health insurance from 30 million Americans. Sorry, not sorry.
You want to throw millions of ppl to the wolves. Don't think we don't see you.
