Let them worry about their constituents while you worry about your own.
Just vote him out in 2020. Trump if he survives will be wildly unpopular and Texas will turn blue. make sure to reg
as many democrats as possible and see that they have proper ID so they don't become disenfranchises as Rs would want
Don't you wish that were true Johnny? When was your last townhall? I'd love to attend! Got a few things to discuss. Chicken?
#townhall2017 When will you hold a townhall?
. @JohnCornyn  so 2 wrongs make a right? How childish. Schedule a town hall in Houston
last I checked Texas doesn't have a democrat senator. Hopefully after the lack of response from the (R)senators we will change.
do YOU dare? u r afraid of confrontation too. Too busy fund raising? Save ur $ we vote you out. 79536
Nice bit of misdirection, but beside the point right now.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2017/02/27/video-shows-tucson-police-shoving-86-year-old-woman-to-pavement/ … @DNC held town halls @GOP took away rights. Avoided #trumprussia #russiagate
TX, Mo could use logic, not @clairecmc
That's not an excuse for you. I'm a constituent and I want to see you at a town hall. Soon.
interesting that in your mentions it is the GOP that is screaming against you. I would love an actual conversation.
"everybody does it", is not an excuse. Hold a town hall.
Did you read the last line? "Hiding from your voters isn't a winning strategy". Where are you? I'll be happy to meet with you.
.@JohnCornyn Speaking of town halls Senator, when do you have one scheduled for the DFW area?
and? This makes ok for you  to hide ? I'm your constitute, do your job and talk with me, or lose my vote
...and compel me to campaign for your opponent, and I am one nasty persistent woman.
perhaps you can explain why it is that you have chosen not to meet your constituents, rather than pointing fingers.
this doesn't excuse you from doing the same! You do the right thing! Meet with your constituents. Start with me
What point are you trying to make? A few Dems are cowardly too, so this justifies your cowardice? Face your constituents.
For the record, or do you care to dispute? via: https://theintercept.com/2017/02/24/town-hall-meeting/ …
waiting for a response...
hahahahaaaaa! The Democrats that wont have townhalls. You're hilarious. As if you are having townhalls. Lol'ing so hard.
I feel like if you post that you should be willing to have your own. The whole, stones in glass houses thing. So when and where?
It's obvious the answer is never and nowhere.  Each day he rises higher in the "Worst Senator Around" category.
you are on target. So true.
Still waiting for a town hall.
You won't allow your handicap constituents to park in the garage of your Houston office. Shame on you. I witnessed it happen!
don't be a hypocrite. When was your last town hall in Texas? $50 a plate dinners don't count. Meet with us!  #repsontherun
You should add both "coward" and "Hypocrite" to your description, Cornyn.  Such a shame, you were once a great man and now you're a coward.
Are you imitating Democrats?  How does this make your actions acceptable?
that's rich coming from you ....
so does that mean you will have a #TownHall bc you are better than that?
or -- dare I suggest -- you actually have found some common ground with those Dems that hide from their constituents?
yes! Yes! Yes!
so your excuse is the other side it first. But you are supposed to be running the country
are you digging that plank out of your eye right about now (that's from the bible - you should know that one you hypocrite)
So when can I attend yours??
Really John? #Republi-cons will be held responsible for permitting Trumps perverted reality against humanity #Impeachment2017
when is your town hall?
see you soon. #TownHall
bull shit Coryyn, what's the matter, can't you admit Reps r the cowards, doesn't matter, you & the other wimps will be history
Your constituents have called, emailed, visited your office asking for a #townhall, and this is your lame ass excuse?
Democrats aren't hiding from their constituents. Your cowardice and disdain for real Americans will not be forgotten. Traitor.
you will be replaced
are you kidding me??  you would really post that when you have yet to hold one yourself?  pot and kettle and all that...
Do you dare face voters at Town Halls? #coward
Man are you wrong or just stupid?@RepDerekKilmer held a town hall Wed to a standing room only crowd. 'Twas democracy at its best
HELLO? When is YOUR TOWN HALL?????
welll,  neither will you
since u r neither Democrat nor supposedly hiding y did u post this?
Do you have a date for your town hall? Waiting...
Don't you mean you?!? Haha, your times coming.
The Democrats *AND @JohnCornyn * who don't dare face their constituents.  Looking forward to your #Houston town hall!
so, when is your town hall?
you don't dare answer ur calls to hear the voices of our children #SayNo to #HouseBill610 show us u have #Courage 4 our #Kids
.@JohnCornyn is there room for @PatTiberi and @senrobportman in your glass house?
.@JohnCornyn Wow! The word #Hypocrite is obviously not in your vocabulary. No townhalls scheduled in Tx, only in DC. Who is the coward now?
.@JohnCornyn when and where?
So where have you been, my Senator?
I don't care about them. I do care about you though, sir, since you are MY Senator. I take this to mean you are coming to Dallas
never tweet
You're king of the cowards...
just let me know when you show up at an event in Dallas open to all Texas voters
Does that mean you'll be coming home to face your own? Still not seen hide nor hair of you in TX that wasn't self-serving.
Oof.  Such hypocrisy from you.  #GOPHypocrisy.
shut up or put up Cornyn.
I can't stand people who can't stand up for their convictions in public. So when's your town hall?
really?  When is your town hall meeting?
What about the John Cornyn who won't face his constituents in a #TownHall?
NY Post is a biased, Murdoch/Fox news source so not worth paper it's printed on. Did you have a town hall in Austin this week?

Oblivious much?
I wouldn't be calling names until you face them yourself.
How about you just worry about facing your own voters.
pot calling the kettle black no? Answer your phone, and show up at town halls yourself.
I have been emailing you about a townhall, but I haven't heard anything back yet. I hope I didn't miss it.
oh wait a minute. Pot meet Kettle. You cant talk smack if you are refusing to hold your own town hall.
Pot, meet kettle.  #DoYourJob @JohnCornyn
pot calling the kettle black. #doyourjob
We aren't buying into your deflection.  Hold Town Halls throughout the state. #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS
forget about them. You are my senator and you will not face me or talk to me despite me asking to talk to you.
Ugh. More petty score keeping. Do the right thing.
when is your town hall?
speaks of not daring to face voters in town halls? That's rich.
I don't personally have a Democrat to complain about - just you and your #scared friends @tedcruz and my rep @JudgeCarter.
Republicans @TomCottonAR @SenatorTimScott and @BillCassidy have all faced their constituents recently, what about you Big John?
Then you found something in common with them. Is this the first step toward a relationship? #loveisintheair #soprecious
, the definition of a town hall isn't "$500 a head fundraiser." pointing the finger at a few Dems doesn't excuse your behavior
with all due respect, Senator...glass houses....
And I wonder why u, in a red state, are worried about facing ur constituency in Texas.
people in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. When is your town hall? Oh that's right you don't even answer the phone.
Looking forward to yours. You'll have a big turnout.
oh so mature... "But Jane didn't do it either...".  Grow up, face the voters you misrepresent and gain some empathy/insight.
I believe this is covered under the maximum two wrongs don't make a right. I expect ALL of my representatives to do their jobs!
I suspect you are trolling your constituents with this one. Why would you do that?  Hold a Town Hall, John.
when was your last town hall???
76201 here wondering when you're going to face us, you know, your constituents?
is this criticism of an elected official who won't face her constituents? #hypocrite #twowrongsdontmakearight #texastownhallnow
you certainly should not be throwing stones!!! Have a town hall...bock bock....
I'm sure that being pathetic is a bipartisan affliction. Don't lower your standards to meet those of other pathetic people.
stones in glass houses!!
So does that mean you've scheduled town halls?  I guess I need to check your website again.
focus on you. Focus.
yeah, those jerks! When is your town hall, btw? Austin is looking forward to speaking with you.
Your news source is a puppet of the Russian admin, & you won't call for an investigation. How much $$$ did you take from Putin?
hmm. Pot, meet kettle.  All elected reps should have town halls. Starting with you bro.
how is that glass house, John?
A constituent here. I've been to two Town Halls for you so far. You weren't there. When can we expect you? #resistancerecess
when is your #TexasTownhalls going to be??? Don't you want to hear from your constituents? @Texastownhalls #DoYourJob
Clair Mccaskill has made herself available and has been at a Rally I attended.  Roy Blunt is a coward to face the MO VOTERS. 
you are so brave. people in your state must really appreciate your commitment to avoiding them. #townhall you clown!!! I'm 77840
NY POST! You always have the best sources. I would  to make an appt to talk about quality journalism or TownHall 75093
Oh yay!  So yours is scheduled when?
.@JohnCornyn I didn't see you facing voters at a #TownHall this break either.  #DoYourJob
meeting with officials and campaign contributors isn't the same thing as meeting with constituents
Trying to take the spotlight off yourself by throwing someone else under the bus? Unbecoming to say the least.
Wow...standing tall with others who also don't do their job. Bravo!
when is the town hall in Houston?
when are you having a town hall again?
Pot, meet kettle.
When is your next town hall meeting scheduled?
when are your town hall meetings going to be?
We are all waiting on your town hall. I bet it won't happen. No problem, we will just vote you out. Good day.
when's your town hall, bud.  I'd love to attend
WHEN ARE YOU HAVING YOURS? - Actual Constituent (Not Paid)
once again, pot meet kettle.  You are such a hypocrite.
maybe you should focus on your constituents. Have a town hall and stop trying to find fault. ALL reps should be accountable
No matter your party .You should do your job No problem going to events when its a fund raiser
totally agree! When is your town hall?  I've been calling your office and only getting the run around.  Schedule and announce TH
looking super forward to your town hall now, Johnny. Remind us when that is. 
You're too well paid to hide from constituents.
this is a bit hypocritical isn't it? Also, you were a bully in school weren't you?
are you serious??? Have a town hall in Austin, face your constituents. #townhallforall
Coward. If you'd hold your own, then you can throw stones. Instead, you think you don't need to listen to the people.
Again with the fake news from the MSM John? Apparently, you having trouble telling real news from fake news.
Do you represent the people of Texas or are you there to be the President's puppet
unlike yourself who refuses to meet with your constituents?  Doesn't that make you exactly the same?
You're not holding one either. Show some courage and do your job.
This reminds me of one of my representatives....hmmmm? 
I don't care! We pay ur salary to represent us period! Or is it u represent special groups Koch brothers, NRA, other rich folks
all you want are friendly photo-ops--and to protect your big fat pension
Umm, hate to tell you but, Kettle you're black.
where is your town hall?
A sad diversion attempt from our no #townhallmeeting senator.
can we get you to hold a townhall meeting to show the Democrats how it's done. Lead by example
You didn't face your constituents. 86% of #Texas did not vote for you must represent all our views. We will persist until you do
That's rich coming from you, a piece who runs from constituents.
.@JohnCornyn Repubs always say how much better they are than Dems so why use them as an excuse for NOT LISTENING TO CONSTITUENTS? #Coward
they can also be replaced, like you will
I am looking forward to your town hall this break, when is it?
Does this mean you've scheduled a #townhall ?
So when is your #townhall ?
just because both sides are avoiding them doesn't make it right. We want to know our reps to hear us and our concerns 76126
where was yours?  I asked you never answered.  Scared?
I truly home there is strong grass roots opposition to all Democratic Senators up 4 reelection in 2018. Republicans should fight
, how does it feel to live in a glass house?
When are you having a Town Hall?  You didn't have one this past week. Time to meet with your voters. Listen and heed.
- when will you be holding a town hall in Houston? #cornyntownhall
when is your town hall? You were invited to several in Houston, but I haven't been able to find a schedule with you on any
when will you be holding yours?
we will be waiting for a town hall schedule <3
keep this crap up and I guarantee that your name won't make it on the ballot
and maybe, just maybe you may earn the right and HONOR to be our senator again.
do what we, your constituents, ask of you.
listen to our concerns
so sit down with us.
and we can just as easily kick you out.
we elected you.
because you work for us senator
is that it?
are you scared of a group of women?
did you lose you courage?
at least @tedcruz met with a group of concerned constituents for a meeting
ummm.  People in glass houses?  When's your #townhall in Houston?
you don't get to do this
I haven't seen any notice of a town hall your your Houston constituents
you know you're being a hypocrite, right?
I'd love to attend a town hall of tours in DFW area.
pot....kettle...black
pointing the finger at Democrats when you are doing the same thing! 
the hypocrisy is strong with you. Bash dems for exactly what you are doing. Deflection much?
ain't that the pot calling the kettle black? #irony #whenIsYourTownhall #resist #persist #hearourvoice
I understand you only meet w select "business leaders & border patrol "waiting for ur town hall, when is it?
oh please. This is very immature of you. Two wrongs don't make a right.
we are waiting for your town hall!
#pot
--- what about YOU? You are hiding from your constituents as well.  Come on, Chicken ... show your face at town halls in Texas
I don't care which party you belong to. The fact is you need to show up and listen to your constituents.
When & where will your in-person town hall be?
Why are you criticizing others for not doing what you will not do, either?
Don't fret your time is coming soon.
you aren't serious are you?   77096 here.  I'm still waiting for your townhall.
