
Heather shouldn't be there. Garland should already be on the bench.
Serious question: If Clinton had won but Senate was still R, would you have allowed vote on ANY of her SCOTUS picks?
It's not about the candidate as you well know.
this is a stolen nominee slot
Dems are doing more than Republicans did with Merrick Garland.
you blocked Garland!!!  Stop being so bleeding obtuse!
please after what you did to Merrick Garland the Dems should block all GOP nominees, forever.
Need to postpone adding a judge until Trump is off the Russian hook
after the way you handled Merrick Garland you really have no basis for complaining.  It was politics then & is now.
Likewise: if don't give Garland a hearing, you won't give anyone a hearing.
John...it appears tweeting Texans largely don't agree with you...again. You should listen occasionally.
At least Gorsuch is getting a vote, you never gave Merrick Garland a chance. #hypocrite
if you denied Garland a proper hearing, you'd deny anybody a proper senate hearing. #hypocrite
Anybody who isn't Mitch Garland.
They learned from your examples, Senator. Next town hall is?
fillibustering anything is certainly something republicans are familiar with, aren't they John? #CornynFailedTexas
.@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer if you'd refuse to hold hearings for Merrick Garland, you'd refuse to hold hearings for anybody
The point is to wait. A POTUS under criminal investigation for collusion with a foreign/hostile government... #wait
NO scotus until this administrations ties to Russia are completely investigated by nonpartisan committee.
anybody Trump nominated.....
Except Garland.
Yes we would! #RememberMERRICKGARLAND
Stand up and be a Patriot! Remember the Whig party? The "Know Nothing" party? Republican Party? John Cornyn? Hmm?
omg citing @DCexaminer again; why????
Kinda tough learning how to govern. Easy to be opposition. All on you now, Maj Whip. Blame game no longer works.
did either of you even meet with Merrick Garland?  You may have amnesia, but we don't.  I want Dems to scorch the .
Not Garland. Also I don't appreciate you allowing the selling of my privacy by ISPs. Individuals before corporate $.
Uh...he was nominated by someone under FBI investigation for treason. Let's finish investigation first.
#MerrickGarland you giant hypocrite!!!
learned it from GOP tactics past 8 years #RESISTANCE #Trumprussia
as your constituent I wish you'd not vote for him.
As long as your father is under federal investigation he doesn't get to appoint a judge.  #fillibuster #hypocrites
Still waiting on the Garland hearing...
if you'd deny Garland a vote you'd deny anyone a vote.
@washingtonpost Until we get to the bottom of #russiagate swamp all congress work should be put on hold. #resist
Cornyn of you would refuse Garland a hearing you would rufuse your country over your party anytime.
WERD!
Since you all refused to appoint Garland, you've got it coming.
all you repubes,are history look to the north of Texas 1 gay child molester
2 thinks rape is God's will
I've heard excellent coverage of his hearings on NPR. He seems like an ethical, caring judge who believes in the law
There is one man they won't filibuster: Merrick Garland.
Probably not Merrick Garland
Actually, we could just renege on our constitutional duty and refuse to meet with him at all like Republicans did.
Wait until the investigation.
Still deliberately missing the point, I see. Not your seat. Merrick Garland!
Merrick Garland.
Try Garland.
they'd filibuster anyone nominated by a president under investigation you mean
You're kidding right? Do you have short-term memory loss? You stonewalled the bejesus out of Merrick Garland. Karma.
Because if you voted for that, don't act like you have your constituents best interests at heart.
btw Senator, did you vote to allow the internet sell of personal info w/o consent of that individual?
Entire Republican caucus: If we don't even allow Garland a hearing, there will be no consequences.
If you'd refuse a hearing for Garland, you'd invade Poland.
1) If you complain about this you are a hypocrite, 2) If Hillary was in office and under FBI investigation what would you do?
Hey, remember Garland? Y'know that guy you wouldn't even give a hearing?  Shut up, you hypocrite.
Filibuster Gorsuch!
good for Grassley. You won't make your next term
or u could refuse him the hearing for over a year. How about that??? Oh wait..I did that to #MerrickGarland #iseeyou
No on Gorsuch until legitimate, real president in Oval Office & that ain't Pence, he's part & parcel of #Trumprussia
- guarantee no Dem filibuster of Merrick Garland! It's his seat.
it's too soon til next election. We need to let NEXT president choose SCOTUS.
Likewise, if you'd not even meet with Garland, you won't meet with anybody.
#TrumpRussiaCollusion first, then SC
wow senator, seems like your hypocrisy has finally caught up to you. And the whole @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP  SAD
Clearly you're both partisan shills. You want to confirm a nom by an admin under FBI investigation. unAmerican.
- not Merrick Garland
At least Dems. have option to filibuster, unlike what you did to Merrick.
Why no hearing for the eminently qualified Garland?
A GOP created problem..  It seems inappropriate considering the CI of WH officials to appoint a SCJ until resolved
2. It's that whay the Republicans thought about HRC. KARMA is something. Food for thought!
What's the difference disrespect or filibuster. Republicans disrespected Garland! Trump is under FBI investigation
#MerrickGarland
.@JohnCornyn have you considered GOP stonewalling on Garland led you here? You reap what you sow. #kickcornyntothecurb
You could cut the hypocrisy with a chainsaw and have to replace the chain a couple times.
if you refuse to even have a hearing for garland, refuse to have a hearing for anyone!
how about not accepting a nomination from potus under FBI investigation for possible collusion #Trumprussia
Merrick Garland
*yawn* your lies and gaslighting are getting mighty tiresome, John.
.@JohnCornyn “We will be united against any SC nominee that Hillary Clinton, if she were president, would put up.” John McCain, Oct. 2016.
Pot, meet kettle. #MerrickGarland
guess your memory short #MerrickGarland
 remember how you didn't even hold a hearing for Merrick Garland? You insufferable hypocrite.
Could you blame them, after that stunt we pulled with Obama's pick?  Come on, we get what we give.
Not Merrick Garland. Try him.
yep filibuster anybody except Garland #GarlandNotGorsuch
If you wouldn't hold hearings for Merrick Garland, YOU ARE AN OBSTRUCTIONIST! You deserve what you get.
Oh, and thanks for voting on murdering wildlife while they sleep. What a treat you are.
this shld halt until FBI finishes their invest of @POTUS. Why the hurry @JohnCornyn? Guess we need to keep calling, huh?
Guess you forgot you & Repubs effectively filibustered Merrick Garland for 11 months. Remember that?
Of course you don't tweet this shit for public knowledge. 
BREAKING: The Senate just voted to allow internet providers to sell consumer data without permission. Our statement: https://www.aclu.org/news/aclu-comment-senate-vote-allow-internet-providers-sell-consumer-data …
For a Plutocratic Party that ignored Article 2, ur gall is galling. John, hope you've started on ur retirement plan.
Bet your asses they had best filibuster. Your administration is under federal investigation.
shut all of the restrooms down all day - let them filibuster
Payback sucks, doesn't it?
if you'd stand up for Trump, you'd stand up for Putin.
Go Nuclear on him JC.     Don't take it.  We have way too many other battles, and you have to nip in the bud (or butt).
if you refuse to have hearings on Garland, you'd refuse to have hearings on anybody.
It's a shame there isn't a law against hypocrisy. 
You are gone in 2020. You could do the right thing, and resign now, but when have you ever done the right thing?
mr garland didn't even a hearing. Sad!
SHUT UP Cornyn!! Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt.
, you refused to even give Garland a hearing.  You wear the black hat (+ support 45) and Texas voters won't forget.
There you go. That's what they intend to do.
are you aware vast majority of the country disagrees w/ Citizens United & doesn't think corporations are people? Unacceptable.
corporate domination is the great injustice of our time. Not that you rich bastards give a shit.
Funny, the GOP used this exact tactic against Garland. We haven't forgotten.
It is not appropriate for Trump to appoint a Justice in his final year as President. Hold a townhall, @JohnCornyn ! @dcexaminer
Fillibuster anybody who has clear bias against humans in favor of corporations, and clear bigotry vs LGBTs. #voteno
What about Merrick Garland as a #SCOTUS candidate? You made this bed. Now sleep in it.
Memo to Chuck: If you'd block a SCOTUS nominee, then you'd block anybody.
Garland, Johnny. Garland
***MERRICK GARLAND***?
Same goes for blocking Merrick Garland.
two words: Merrick Garland!
I agree with you that such would be nonsense.  Gorsuch a good choice.  Dems shouldn't die on that hill.
Interesting, in that this is actually milder than how GOP treated Garland. The hypocrisy of the GOP is incredible.
Doesn't Grassley need to get home to bed?
Because the seat belongs to Merrick Garland? Or POTUS is illegitimate? Take your pick.
