<Texans want a wall, who are you listening to? The next democrat president will open the borders again.
Ability to create positive relationship with closest allies and 2 top trading partners declining. National mood is declining.
oh brother....
then no reason for a wall, right? U must be so proud of your party. MAGA? Whatev. Tourism drop, too
USA isn't looking so good for citizens either. Did you ever think you would see refugees from the US to Canada?
It's only been a month.  To credit Trump for that would be the same as blaming GWB for 9/11.  Lets see if it holds.
.@JohnCornyn Turns out when you make your country hell for other cultures, races, & ethnicities, those people stop wanting to come here.
.@JohnCornyn ALL international travel to the US is down due to Trump, including foreign tourist & biz travel.
Put another way: Essential Mexican workers (who we usually exploit across multiple industries) are boycotting U.S. Economy.
This will hurt Texas and the rest of the country in industries from farming to oil, industries that rely on undocumented labor.
Any idea how many undocumented workers work in oil in West Texas? (Aside, any journalist reading this, I have a story for you.)
and in the construction/roofing industry.
Then get on board with the rest of his agenda.
But that would be logical.
Can't have that.
Key word "appear", appearances can be deceiving.
value of leadership
as well as tourism but who cares it's only a $1.5 trillion industry
It's been dropping the past few years.
Crossings INTO the US have dropped. Crossing OUT OF the US increased. People don't want to be in the US anymore.
correction. liberal people don't want to be here. Don't like it leave!
cool, but wrong.
The drop is due to Obamas cancelation of the "wet foot-dry foot" policy that allowed Cuban to receive amnesty
as are tourists, as well as people who agriculture and other industries relied on for labor. Well done.
You are bad for the Texas economy.
you mean undocumented crossing? 
Correct, so has tourism. No one wants to come to bigoted, hateful and dangerous place.
This is good
Stop blaming immigrants. The rich are will get richer under trump while we stay stagnant-your constituent
yes because who wants to come here with trump in office? No wall needed.
Under @realDonaldTrump America is no longer the Land of Opportunity, the Shining City on the Hill. Oligarchies are unappealing.
THAT'S what happens WHEN YOU STOP INVITING THEM IN.  Look what happens when adults r in charge.
A more contextual statement would be that border crossings continue to decline.  That decline has been happening for a while now.
when is your next town hall in Texas?
No one wants to come to a country run by an insane person.
why would anyone want to come here anymore?
Proof we don't need a VERY expensive wall.  Don't let him do it.  Plan Congress developed better approach.
1. They were almost nonexistent to begin with
2. Legal residents are being locked up - I'd avoid us, too
Ability of US to influence govts towards democracy declining, attract scientists declining, attract tech interests declining
Funds to education declining. Faith in American institutions declining. Trust in government declining. Rep of US declining.
They were already declining. Net zero migration. Good, we don't need a wall. Tourism also declining. Business also declining.
crack down on giving away free shit and they will stay home.
maybe. But hate crime has gone up under Trump. Don't see your party denouncing it as much as you do refugees
because we are putting American's back to work not illegal Immigrants
optimum word here "illegal".
because no one wants to come here at all anymore. Our govt doesn't want to help anyone who isn't a millionaire or more
even citizens are hesitant to be here, so...
Do not spend any money on more wall. Listen to the border agents and give them what they need to keep Border safe.
most border agents want a wall or a fence otherwisse can't catch em
because nobody wants to live in Trump's racist America
No one clambers to enter a country run by heatless tyrants.
No, it's just that people are crossing into Canada now.
Who want to keep here But you will steal health care ,school everything for a 25 billion dollars Trump show wall
This is "fake news" right? I mean, it's from the "failing" @nytimes so it has to be, right? Or just when it suits the @GOP needs
good. Now you and David Duke have something to celebrate about. How are those detention camps coming along?
reading comprehension matters. DHS report noted folks caught.  It's difficult to count those not caught.
Too easy 2 give 45 credit for this, but then again he's created 2 million jobs and dropped unemploy rate to neg 80. 
- Takeaway is we don't need $25 billion Wall. Meanwhile Lady Liberty weeps at our hardline attitude & weakness it shows
fine. Just don't do anything to curtail trade. Besides harming Texas, a bad Mexican economy will boost illegal crossing
'appear'? You do know that many undocumented fly over that walk in planes? Drugs come in UNDER the wall via tunnels
Good! @POTUS making America great again.
the increasing lack of greatness has no one running here! #TownHall #lastterm
Yes, because this is no longer the home of the free or brave.
give me a break, it's due to our economy
"Border jumper" isn't a race.
No wall Senator! You know it's an expensive band-aid
if we just make this country shitty, none of those brown people will want to come here! Great plan!
“deterrence through perception" is working so now tell @realDonaldTrump NO WALL, right?
I don't blame them, I don't particularly want to be where Trump is either. But as an American, I'll fight y'all from within.
