At a immigrant stash house 
(2) It sounds pretty American to me. Do u think instead of pics of "stash houses," perhaps we could focus...
great work thank u
Congrats. You are the captain of a sinking ship. You planning on staying aboard til everyone's off? Or u going down w the ship?
Arrest does not mean the arrested is guilty unless GOP plans to do away with due process & sentence arrested w/o trial.
let's discuss this at your next town hall? When and where will that be?
this will be my tweet to  @JohnCornyn everything @JohnCornyn tweets until he talks to Texans.
at this point he may as well he screaming "PLEASE DEFEAT ME AND DONATE TO MY CHALLENGERS!" Right?
Can't wait until they arrest you for collaboration with a traitor!
Have you perhaps stopped thinking of people as human beings?
#canCornyn2020
(3) on trade measures that help to eliminate the desperation of these poor people? Opportunities, not walls?
There, but for the grace of God, goes your own family, sir. Human beings reject destitution and take risks to seek prosperity.
And your point is... Oh, that's right. You have no point. 
What were they "stashing"?  Sheets?  You are a sad little clown.
yes go ahead & show all the bad stuff the Valley has to offer! How about all the poor people in the Barrios? They need jobs!
Sad that you r chasing immigrants but not Russian involvement in our govt. #TownHall 75248
your mother...would she be proud? Or would she tell you to act like someone who has courage to face critics #TownHall
love to hear your thoughts on the at your next Town Hall. When exactly is that?
(1/2) @JohnCornyn that looks like a bed full of sheets. 
Between that pic and the photo of your name tag, I'd say don't quit your day job..
(2/2) but I really want you to quit you're day job... but before that hold a #TownHall
you should be arrested for disavowing American values.
people so desperate in their home countries that they would live like this in ours. Mercy.
i bet U think this earns U some political capital? Some things shouldn't be posted. Those ppl are human beings, not trophies.
are you proud of this? How about focusing your attention on something useful such as protecting out democracy
You shouldn't be proud of this.
Will you please hold a #TownHall to discuss these arrests with your constituents?
since we're more terrifying than the immigrants and you refuse to  hold a town hall, they clearly weren't doing much wrong
more misdirection. We want to know about the GOP's (and maybe your) treasonous ties to Russia. What did Putin promise?
Be careful. When your owners can't get cheap labor, they may blame you and cut off the faucet of funds.
Hey @JohnCornyn - you gonna post pics like this for all 11 million alleged illegal immigrants or try to come up with a fucking solution?
I am ashamed that you are my senator.
keep up with law enforcement of federal immigration law....do that and we solve a lot of problems.
It could be immigrants becoming Americans if our vetting process was better. Figure out a way to have a better outcome.
Investigate Trump's Russian ties!  Get Trump's tax returns!  Hold Town Halls What are you afraid of? #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS
Show your constituents some love, when is the town hall meeting?
@Fenwaynine Violent criminals or frightened people hiding from deportation raids?
This is something you're proud of? Why not help instead of arresting? Seems like a huge disconnect...
cruel.
don't u have anything better to do. Perhaps investigate the president.
"an"
Tell me you were one of them for impersonating a representative of the people of Texas. Plutocrat Cornyn.
Come to Houston and face up to your constituents
I guess u r proud of urself? Pitiful!  When is our town hall?
- another sr Russian official suddenly dead today. JCC Houston had bomb threat. Thoughts? Investigate Russia & domestic terror.
so
Context? What's the point? Trying to show that you're doing something, even though you have no public events during the recess?
Does it hurt to be such a tool? There are >18 GOP in our govt who need to be arrested, wtf r u doing about THAT? #fakepresident
At *an* immigrant stash house.  Words beginning with a vowel sound are preceded by *an* not *a*  Elem. school level skill.
if you are reading your constituents tweets, explain why no town hall meeting? Silence is deafening
why do you show up there? Why are you hiding from your constituents. Face your constituents- stop touring in nonsensical places
they aren't numbers, they're people. Kind of like we are people - your constituents - remember us? How about a town hall?
Got em! Look at that luxurious life they were stealing from us! Problem solved!
you DID have enough room to type "an" instead of "a"
pulled out of restaurant kitchens?
how many children?  Jerkwad
ILLEGAL ALIENS!!! Immigrants are not in stash houses!
bomb threats at JCCs in USA again today. There was a bomb threat in Houston. Speak out. Condemn violence!
I'm pretty sure none of these immigrants is threatening to bomb JCCs across the country.Can you focus on domestic terrorists
Where?
What the heck is a "stash house"? But MORE IMPORTANTLY @JohnCornyn when is your next town hall? Your CONSTITUENTS want to know.
Did you set them on fire? Execute them? C'mon...we want details!
Forgot to take pictures of them?  How many were women & children?
meanwhile you will continue to protect the employers who exploit these people. You will even accept their campaign contributions
coward
#TownHall #investigatetrump
are you posting this to be boastful and prideful?
wow, I guess Russian espionage takes a back seat to "taking down" desperate people, huh?
has no problem with passing high prices onto the consumer.   I guess it's nice work in the Senate if you can get it.  #SOLDOUT
do you tweet about every arrest made in your district?
Amazing how you have plenty of time to TWEET but ZERO TIME to meet with your constituents for Town Hall Meeting :(  Avoid much??
so you are going on raids of immigrants?  Why r immigrants being targeted.  Are they legal or illegal?  Why don't U DO town hall
everyone of you are now committing Republican suicide by staying silent. The clock is ticking.!!
this is a good thing? How about some context. And #TownHall
You are the elite and you're proud of this crap. You could show a little compassion.
at a immigrant....have you taken grammar yet?
Yet still not you? Strange.
nice photo op to show your constituents up state how hard you're working.  Why won't you meet with us in a town hall?
we want to know where your safe house is.
Did you ask them their names? Were they hungry or thirsty? Do you consider them to be human beings?
.@JohnCornyn many of your constituents are immigrants or children of immigrants. Undocumented or not, why are you gloating about this?
Hold a #TownHall.
Another proud moment? I cannot wait to get the opportunity to vote you out!!
town hall John, town hall.
*an
This does NOT make me feel secure NOR proud of my country
are you a real person or an android?  Town Hall!  Voters want to talk to you, not just read tweets.
You're doing a GREAT job, senator. Please keep in mind you, & other GOP, are targets of professional Twitter astroturf hitjob.
Let's have a #townhall and discuss why people risk so much to come to US and how we can reform immigration.
And your point?  Arrested for being here illegally or other?  You are so vague that you never seem to take any position at all.
Still totally unclear. You would have made a terrible reporter. Let's think 5-Ws, shall we? Use your words.
REPUBLICAN B S .
stash of what? Where is this at? Will you be doing a townhall from that location? Why are you afraid of talking to Texans?
More than 18 will be arrested if you fully investigate Trump/Russia. Were they funding your campaign too?
not sure what's more sad, those who sacrificed everything only to be caught or your cold tweet as if 18 is who they are: number
You are going to be remembered for your time in office and being on the wrong side of history. What a terribly tragic legacy!
So sad women and children are raped multiple times before entering America.
What are you talking about? please contact me at dell@cbsnews.com?
This seems a bit improper 4 u to be tweeting, Sir. What was their crime? Or were they just "illegal?"
How DARE those nasty immigrants flee oppression and violence. You teach them John.
Please provide more info.  Where & when did this happen?  Arrested for being here illegally or other crimes?
That'll show them! Hope that's the last time they try to improve their circumstances or try to get a better life for their kids.
How DARE they.
Big John. So proud of yourself.
at an immigration stash house.
wow you really showed those thirsty children who's boss
are those diapers?
Fact: before the #MuslimBan, vetting was already extreme, w/multi-layer security checks that took up to two years. http://buff.ly/2ltG7Ui 
