I don't think so! God is not in your heart.
Where are consumer protections to keep premiums affordable? Insurance cos have all the power here.
10% of this bill is about making sure Medicaid users get disenrolled if they win the lottery. Wow.
Gives tax credits to the insurance company's, takes away Medicaid
1/2 @JohnCornyn Another constituent who thinks this is a bad deal.
2/2 @JohnCornyn  Can't wait for $600+ premiums, $5000+ deductibles, less coverage, aka situation pre-ACA. #sarcasm
is it what you've been waiting for?  Let's repeal your health care paid for by tax payers and you can sign up for Trump Care!
You are joking,right.This is not what Trump promised.
The health bill that hurts poor people and gives tax credits to GOP donors & CEO's.
#TrumpCare is not what we've waited for. Please vote no. @CongCulberson @SenTedCruz
Ah yes the one that takes ALL rights away from women, takes away insurance 4 poor
this is most certainly not the bill I have been waiting for.  How does it make healthcare affordable?
Until you address skyrocketing healthcare costs, any bill you advocate is worthless.
there is no competitive market for healthcare. THIS is why Obamacare is failing, and why Trumpcare will fail.
regulate hospitals and force them to publish their charges; make insurance companies put us into 1 risk pool.
I don't think people realize just how much free care hospitals give out to the uninsured. It's staggering.
I used to be opposed, but looking like single-payer is gonna be the only viable option going forward.
Can't really blame a hospital for making money where it can when it IS a business. They do have to pay
employees, bills, buy supplies, etc. etc. etc.
This is NOT the health bill we've been waiting for. $2k/year tax credit is a drop in the bucket.
Nope. Not even close. #singlepayer
1 what is imp to def 2what is the increase in out of pocket costs 3how many ppl will lose covg 4 how many ppl will lose Medicaid
Tell me again how this helps your 99%.
@SenTedCruz @JudgeTedPoe - How about we just agree to take care of people?  I hear that's what good Christians r supposed to do.
are you protecting patients and providers? Or insurance companies?
will everyone have a choice in plans?
keeping pre-existing condition coverage?
less coverage-lessen Medicaid protection for the most vulnerable-you are lackey for the ins cos-
Clearly you don't actually care about your constituents. #Republicare makes that clear. Sad.
- the health care plan I'm waiting on is SINGLE PAYER. You know like every other indus Western nation. Go back 2 drawing board!
Start googling a new job. Texas sees you as a traitor. This is #NaziCare at the best.
Flynn got 40k from Russia. How much 45 give U 1-19-17 CNN on live air? Or did U have $ from Russia too?
never responds via Twitter. Call his office (202) 224-2934
Texans won't be able to afford this .. especially when businesses leave because of #sb6 
Thank You for talking care of the rich .All looking out for the rich
Brady is in the pocket of his private donors (insurance and medical firms) he will NOT be protecting citizens

the bad health bill that makes affordable care out of reach for tens of millions
This bill is a bale out for the insurance companies!  Not good for Americans! Do better Congress! Repeal OC! Not an entitlement!
health bill is horrible, benefits wealthy only. Akin to death panel for elderly/poor
Being forced to pay more for coverage lapse= mandating coverage or pay penalties. ACA lite
I read the bill. Do u know how many senior voters & their kids u have? Say no to this bill!
how does charging retirees on fixed income 3x more save them $????
Wow, this is great!  Insurance company CEO's can pay themselves any amount they want!
when I lose the healthcare I'm already struggling to afford, you'll hear from millions of us
This is not, in fact, the healthcare bill I have been waiting for.
I dare the GOP. Drafting brochure as free download 4 local elections. Writes itself. #ACA #2018
no it is not.
this bill makes it very clear who you're listening to, corporations not constituents.
This bill removes important elements. I am #happywithObamacare. #2018 #2020
will you be adopting this option for healthcare since it's the one we have all been waiting for?
Of course not, they have a better option paid for by us.
So now that it is out, how about you come back to Texas and hold a town hall so we can all let you know our thoughts on it.
it's awful. One problem (of many) is the cap. I guess you just die if you pass the cap. #deathpanel
Obama passed the health care bill I was waiting for. Fix what we have.
nope. I've not waited for one that makes me worse off. Thanks for screwing me @GOP
@tedcruz @RepMcCaul  I vote in Cypress TX and I don't like TrumpCare as it lacks choice (exchanges) for middle class families
I want exchanges for when my employer doesn't offer health care or I don't like the plans.  Ur plan isn't choice 4 middle class
OK to sue & make you liable for covering my med expenses for rest of my life? I'm 67. Medicare defunding in 2025.
Was that tweet meant just for your rich donors?
Have you read it, Senator?
The unemployed have no access to health care.
It's horrifying. After saying O-care was the reason rates were high so they could get elected, these rates higher.
You are a bunch of murders. History will record this.The Republican party is finished
U should do some serious research so you know exactly how this affects your constituents.  Will u even bother reading the bill?
.@JohnCornyn @All100Senators @RepKevinBrady @repgregwalden @WSJopinion @WSJ no one wants this. Voucher bullshit will just kill Americans.
, insurance burden put on employer not good for either side, #SinglePayer is the only solution that makes sense #TrumpCare
You haven't even figured out how much it will cost! Get back to work and do your job instead of bragging about your lame plan!
so you favor of huge cost increases for older people under the plan? have you seen a CBO score?
ahh,@WSJ is not fake news I see. @PressSec just posted same link. You own this,better b good.
how do y'all sleep at night? You cannot honestly believe in heaven and hell. I refuse to believe it.
Bill could take away ins through employer, give $ to older Americans but charge them more too
tax cuts for the wealthy & ins companies is my favorite part. You don't care about the American ppl.
Right?! But what would I know, I'm just another Lindsay in Austin 
clearly we are out of touch bc we like health care for all. So Austin! So Liberal!
thank you for working against Americans once again. Your focus is amazing
Junk insurance with caps and limited coverage, so rich get huge tax cuts. No thanks.
