the press seems to be doing their job--unlike the GOP Senators.
sayin' it doesn't make it so.  Stop trying to discredit all media outlets.  You're embarrassing yourself.
What are your thoughts on only sharing info meant to manipulate the process of keeping yourself and your party in power?
or manipulating district lines to ensure your party stays in power and controls legislative, executive, judicial branches
#45s peeps are going to do each other in to climb to the top and spill guts along the way!
@StrongerForce what about your fake president? Because of your complacency, you will forever be tied to 45 and his disgrace.
it's not fake news if it's true
It is not the free press. But really bad fake News.  Obama started up, I would rather take John Cornyn word over the Press.
The GOP is laughable always talking about fake news.
not your best tweet, senator
They are manipulated by the White House. Hand it to Trump. He is the #trollinchief
It's time to start prosecuting those who knowingly publish classified informtion.
But they are whistleblowers when you agree.
https://t.co/Sd6eWVjXuI?ssr=true.  Fake senator
.@JohnCornyn pointing out here... Trump said Cruz's dad was involved with JFK's assassination ..
Well, that was Trump's son in law, and Trump picked it up. Nice to see loyalty between TX senators. Snakes.
more shocking how often @POTUS just makes up news himself. No one trusts him and @GOP is guilty by association
please don't stoop to playing the fake news card.  It's a weak card for the feeble minded.  I expect better from you.
Are you kidding?  Thank God for a free press.  We need to see Trump's tax returns.
So you are implying Flynn didn't talk about Sanctions? Then investigate and prove "fake news" wrong.
FIRST AMENDMENT...remember that one?
you say "leaker", i say "whistle blower"
Flynn got 40k from Russia. How much 45 give you 1-19-17 CNN on live air? Or did you have a direct line from Russia too?
What's shocking is how so many Republicans put party above country. Reporters are the least gullible people on earth.
GOP voters the most gullible.
No, what is shocking is how quickly you rush to support a dictatorship. Stop calling real news fake. America will not be gaslit.
a free press is critical to having a free country.
You're jumping on this deranged bandwagon, too? You're worse than I thought. #constituent
Is it a leak, or is it fake news? It can't be both. You're smarter than that, Senator.
fairly routine move from Russia/Bannon that you're being complicit in. Are really not aware of this strategy?
denial ain't just a river un egypt
how about that town hall?  And stop saying #fakenews it makes you and Texas look like kool aid guzzlers
every day it's harder to believe you have an education
.@JohnCornyn Shocking how little Congress seems to care about the election being manipulated by a foreign state.
Shocking how little the DemParty seems to care about the election's being stolen from Bernie by Hillary.
Bernie was no Democrat. Never has been. HRC had more votes.
so you're you're going to go along party line regardless how out of touch trump is??? Screw the voters that placed you there!
is this Trump???
you mean like Trump claiming 47%unemployment, national crime rate highest in decades  Inaug.crowd size ?Seems WH loves fake news
such as Trumps Sweden terrorist attacks that never happened, or Bowling Green or Atlanta ? You mean the type of fake news ???
Please senator, don't you start on the "fake news". So dangerous.  It is either substantiated news or non substantiated reports.
And responsible people can do their fact checking and tell the difference.
@owensdao @JohnCornyn
you can not be serious?
fake news?? Really?? you are making a choice to adopt language many Texans find concerning @ best, frightening @ worst.
Prove it's fake.   Let's have a townhall and discuss like adults.  77096 here.
wow do you do yoga to maintain utmost flexibility when you bend over!?
I see you have quite the troll (non-fact-based personal attackers) following. You must be doing something 'right'.
Stop the diversions and gas-lighting. Independent bipartisan investigation now. Save Democracy. #Resist,#Persist,#Indivisible
I'm confused. 
Let’s have a townhall and talk about it.
Have you considered not sucking as an elected representative? I'd start with not showing support for abridging freedom of press
One tweet says classified leaks are dangerous; now they're "allegedly" classified. Which is it? #resist
I'm so disappointed in you, Senator Cornyn.
Is this tweet before or after you had the FBI briefing? @JohnCornyn
This is not why you were sent to D.C.  Do your job.
Especially Bannon and Breitbart. Isn't that where our POTUS gets his news from? Can't wait for mid term elections Senator.
This from a guy who doesn't even read the articles he posts. Hon, I know how to evaluate a news source. Do you? #CronyCornyn
have you lost your mind! The free press is not fake news!!!!
Tell us your thoughts on investigating Trump and Russian connection.  Let’s do a town hall!  C'mon, John: you represent US.
Every time you align yourself with the paranoid rantings of @realDonaldTrump you do yourself and the country a disservice.
but you wouldn't know anything about it because you are too busy being puppetized by orange koolaid
it's really embarrassing to see my senator using the term "fake news." If you see a specific issue call it out, cite facts.
Where was your passionate concern when WikiLeaks violated HRC? Hypocrite #impeachTrumpnow #2020
Well, if the issue with Flynn wasn't leaked, he'd still be there. Leaks are more truthful than what @realDonaldTrump says.
That is the most absurd thing one can say. You are a Russian sympathizer covering for a man who is selling out our land. Sad.
Shocking how senators of the people stay silent while a crazy Russia dupe sits in the White House declaring free press an enemy.
hold a town hall and tell us all about it. What day is good for you? Most of us can make it on short notice!
Just stop being a parrot.  Be what Texans are proud to be: strong, independent, knows there own mind.   #DoYourJob
Shocking that you pretend to represent the people who elected you. Answer your damn phone. Schedule a town hall meeting.
Shocking that you are willing to ignore the Consitution. Are you getting paid by Putin too?
Shocking that you are willing to throw out our first amendment and throw freedom of the press out the window.
Shocking how soft YOU are on treason. What happened to the fourth pillar of American democracy, freedom of the press?
I applaud the media. They are our only defense against our crooked government.
Even more shocking is a sitting U.S. Senator parroting authoritarian themes.
@amuse presumably the leaked info is real, the idiot confirmed it in his twitter rants.
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
So you've jumped on this "fake news" bandwagon. Calling it fake doesn't make it fake.
time to decide. Are you a collaborator or a patriot. What's more important, power or our democracy?
So you're carrying water for Putin now, too?!
So you're on the fake news bandwagon too! You sir are despicable! We WILL get to the bottom of it! You'll be gone!
#resistance
I guess your colleagues graham and McCain are gullible too?
you hate the News channels because they uncover and report errors made. Glad others are not Azz kisser like Fox.
you grew up in an era where Russia/USSR was an adversary. How are u NOT concerned about Trumps ties to Putin? U sold your soul.
shocking how Republican staffers leak info to press.
omg did Trump take your twitter account.
you're such a follower. When's your next townhall? #CornynFailedTexas #FascistCornyn
hey, don't be hypocritical! You LOVED the leaks when the were about Clinton.
hahah Trump is gullible enough to be manipulated by RUSSIA and you say nothing! That's being a fake senator!
dont  believe what you said Ur 2 smart 2 B blind to Real truth U dear sir R being manipulated Have a grt weekend Down with Fake
speak in facts not in fear -- this kind of tactic doesn't work on educated people
Fact: Donald Trump's supporters began using 'Lugenpresse', a Nazi word for the press, months ago.
I hope John is listening and hearing
You're a Fake Senator.  #LastTerm #TexasSenators
shocking how many gullible senators are being manipulated by a fake president. Party over country!
shocking how you will not stand for truth and the constitution---stand up to trump
If it's classified info, it can't be fake news, can it? Classic delusion in trying to have both sides of the argument.
it's really disappointing 2 c u using this term.  Don't trumpet his talking points. Quit whining about the media & get to work!
how about manipulating districts? Manipulation of your party? Manipulation of the election?
2020
Sounds like @POTUS. American's are smart. We can tell the difference and to think otherwise insults us.
Wait. U tweeted it's illegal to leak classified info and now it's alleged info used to trick journalists. Can't be real and fake
You're on the wrong side of history. We will remember in 2020. When will you be in TX for a townhall? Waiting in the 10th dist.
unfortunate.
hope you are getting your resume ready. Last term for you
Early warning signs of fascism are to invalidate the free press.
Up is down and down is up in Trumpworld. So called ruler of the US (Scrotus) needs to be reminded he is a SERVANT of the PEOPLE
so bummed to read this "fake news" line from you. Strong journalism is necessary for freedom.
You might want to change your Twitter password.  Think @realDonaldTrump hacked your account.
Attacking the media and using Trump's tag line of "fake news" is dangerous to our Democracy.  Dictators use that kind language.
Don't say that, Cornyn. You put us #Texans to shame by supporting #Trump's attack on #FreedomOfPress.
Damn!  That gravy train you're on must be REALLY good. #fakesenator.
Stop, please don't tie yourself to a sinking ship. Bipartisan review of collusion with Russia should be focus.
your unequivocal loyalty to 45 will make it that much harder for you to wash your hands of him when he inevitably implodes.
oh no, are you in with Russia as well?
find the Rat and put them away !!!!!
You're an embarrassment to Texans. Don't use the childish term "fake news" it makes you look ridiculous.
Have you not noticed that the #1 source of fake news is @realDonaldTrump? Thank goodness the press fact-checks him -- YOU don't.
Senator, if we felt we could trust you, we wouldn't have these problems.  Ponder that.
classified information in the news usually come from Congress leaking. Good luck with that
You're in this and you've got to leave DC with the rest of them #Flynnghazi #Putingate
Getting your salary from Russia now?
it's disappointing to see a fine man like yourself but into trump's rhetoric
Term limits!
When you loose your next election bid that wont be fake news
Was this what you discussed in the Comey meeting 
...next time get some more buzzwords and talking points into your tweet!! 
John, enough already!!!!!  No one even heard of "fake news" until Trump coined the phrase.
you're on crack.
there is no fake news, it's just news the fact you want treason covered up is quite disturbing
one more thing .it is you solemn path to serve and answer to the people not the other way around. Do not forget who u answer to
2. Press is demanding accountability while Congress props up this propaganda. Ugh.
1. Paid for subscription to @washingtonpost because of this fake news bs. Now to buy @nytimes.
an ignorant comment, but from a Senator it's downright inexcusable. Any evidence to support your baseless claims?
this is barely coherent and suggests serious anti-free press sentiment. Don't go full Trump on us, please.
ur tweet started to make me sad! but then read every single response and now happy bc not one was supportive of this crap
you sound like Nixon
this is vague word salad. What are you trying to say, exactly?
Trump calls reporting on true leaks Fake Reporting, not Fake News. Very different. So to recap, FR ≠ FN. Got it? Good.
does Trump give you a napkin to wipe his jizz off your chin when he's done?  Sad!
is this in regards to you ignoring your real news?
You support the guy who led the birther movement.
What about Russia leaks is fake so far? Do your Job, investigate and find out. Wait.. you only want Dems investigated. Pathetic
Not liking legitimate questions raised by press doesn't make reports "fake news". If that were true, you'd be my "fake senator".
would love to discuss with you why you're following the dangerous "fake news" trump train. How about a town hall in Austin?
is it a real leak or fake news? Can't be both, Johnny boy.
Shocking that John Cornyn's mailboxes are almost always full and that he WILL NOT SCHEDULE ANY TOWN HALLS.
How DARE you repeat the president's lie about fake news. You know better. You deserve to lose your seat over this and you  will.
Shocking we are just trying to talk to you and you are completely unavailable. WE ARE NOT PAID PROTESTORS. TALK TO US.
Shocking that we've been calling and trying to get in contact with you for the past month and have gotten NO respose from you.
Shocking you don't seem to understand what a town hall is. SCHEDULE A TOWN HALL. Meet with the people who want to talk to you.
Just a reminder; YOU WORK FOR US. Answer the damn phones. Schedule a town hall.
that we have begged you to meet with us and schedule a town hall so we can have an open dialogue and that you refuse to do so.
Shocking that you will not schedule a town hall and that you refuse to expand your voice mailbox to accommodate calls from us.
Prove it is fake by revealing the truth. Show his taxes. Release the FBI and CIA reports. Russian collaborators?
Shocking how awful all our representatives are in Texas and how they pick party over country and their constituents.
Shocking that you defend a president who is a pathological liar and that not one of you will tell the emperor he has no clothes.
Shocking that a senator would be such a traitor to American values and the fourth pillar of the free press. Shame on you.
Shocking how blatant you are in your partisan cronyism. You don't even pretend to care about what your constituents want. Shame.
Shocking you will jump on the crazy train and lie about fake news and refuse to defend the free press. Read your constitution.
Shocking that an elected official like yourself refuses to schedule any town halls to hear from his constituents.
Shocking when a partisan sellout like yourself who ignores his constituents jumps on the crazy train lying about fake news.
Shocking how often your voie mail is full, Senator. Your bosses are calling. Answer the damn phone.
Can you give an example?
let's talk about it at a townhall.
You're a hypocrite, & part of the problem. Perpetuating this asinine "fake news" defense makes you even less credible that ever.
lol that all that you don't like is "fake news." Very Trumpian. #nobackbone
disappointed in u
The only gullible ppl r u republicans &u thing the majority of the country r. Just your gullible low info supporters!
Yes it's surprising how much stuff you'd think would be classified actually isn't. But the news... oh it's real alright.
please don't put Texas on the wrong side of history. This is both frightening and embarrassing.
you've been sworn to uphold the constitution. statements like this erode the very fabric of our republic. you're a #traitor
- so are you now the diet version of Donald trump?
I just read that you were arrested for soliciting sex from an underaged immigrant transsexual prosititute. Let's see if gullible
you sir have jumped the shark!!  What are you doing to investigate Russian meddling in our elections???
I thought the meeting was classified.
not surprising that a GOP senator is just another traitor
you're one more stupid tweet away from losing my vote.
Here we go with fake news stuff
Co-opting "dear leader's" use of fake news is shameful.
wtf is wrong with you! You sir are an embarrassment to Texas and America!
love seeing so many angry constituents
L O fucking L. You're hilarious.
ur now trumps puppet his hand up ur ass? I'd abort he's going down
says the guy who tweeted politically expedient Wikileaks stories to smear opponents. Disgusting. Hypocritical.
@nytimes so when Trump said he paid you lot $ on 1-19-17, what kind work were you doing for him? Was it American or Russian $?
You mean like when Comey told Guiliani things that helped ruin Hilary's election?
you're a puppet
