Good god.  History is not going to look kindly upon those who were so cowardly they covered for Trump's corruption. Delete your account.
Did I miss the proof of corruption or is that an outdated concept?
My god what's your standard?  Blatant self-dealing and obstruction (not to mention compulsive lying) all A-OK in your book?
Legal standard: Proof
Man-I-Really-Really-Really Hate-Trump Standard: Whatever you wish it to be
"Legal standard"?  This is Twitter.
But I'm sure you've never condemned behavior as "corrupt" or unlawful before a court has rendered a verdict on the matter.  
You got me. I think OJ did it.
Ok cool. So when are you gonna get the Russian out of the White House?
Only the most fervent liberals (read: not enough to win an election) talk about Russia. FWIW, there's no there there but please keep it up.
I'm not a fervent liberal, and I care deeply
We all "care deeply". What delineates is prioritization. Russia is seven deuce off suit & (most) Libs are going all in. Best of luck.
I'm sorry, I just don't understand how one can care deeply about our nation & democracy but blow off a foreign interference in the election
Every country on Earth is trying to (your choice) hack/interfere w/every other country, elections or otherwise. The incredulity rings hollow
Cornyn's latest narcoleptic brainstorm..
Have you had a stroke? Should we call someone for you? Do you really think we are going to believe everything you're spewing.
BECAUSE THE REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP THREATENED TO POLITICIZE IT.
Your ALL CAPS almost convinced me.
Because McConnell threatened Obama that he would use that revelation to suggest the President was trying to harm Republicans.
Obama is a part of a lot of things. When he thought Hilary was winning it wasn't important! Investigate surveillances during election!
This is Old News.  Had he come out with it, you would have accused him of Election Tampering.
Shows how weak Democrats are. Trying to be all "moral" and non-partisan, assumes GOP values the same things, gets trampled
Ask Mitch McConnell why. He threatened them.  Let's not forget that you knew also and did nothing. #hypocrite
FYI, the bill you helped draft hurts the disabled and elderly...oh yeah and people who are actually sick! #MEAN @realDonaldTrump
Fix hacking, fix infrastructure, fix healthcare, fix undertrained for new work.  Taxes will fix themselves.
So what does that mean? Does it matter or not? Anyway who cares... He will go down for money laundering. #FelixSater
Mitch McConnell knew. And YOU knew. But you threatened Obama with being partisan if he said anything.
So now you're saying that Obama was told what to do by Mitch and John? Really?
I'm saying that Obama and Democrats cared about how America percieved the election. And Republicans took advantage of that.
You would've complained he interfered with elections if he had said anything. You want to complain either way. You & DJT whining about BHO.
Horse manure, everytime the Republicans  screw up, you blame  Obama.  #REPLACECORNYN
And trump won't even admit that it happened.
Finally, you are admitting Russian attempts to compromise the 2016 Presidential election.
Holy shit man!  Focus on your job and stop with Obama and Clinton.  Are you smart enough to do your job by thinking for yourself?  Not sure
Three years from now they won't have anyone but themselves to blame and they are scared shitless. The Blane Obama Crutch will be gone.
Where have U been? They took it to Senate who decided to keep it quiet! Talk to McConnell about your outrage!
You sound like Trump
And you know, but refuse to care. #trumprussiacollusion
Sooooo....you admit Trump is president illegally. Now what are you going to do about it.
So now the are doing the same.
Wait a minute, yesterday you tweeted there was no hacking? Do you believe there was hacking or attempted hacking of the election ?
That's your default: Obama did it. We have a major problem Now & it's time to deal w the Russians in our WH Now.  What's your plan?
His plan is to retire before being voted out in 2020. @JohnCornyn is a sellout just like the rest of Texas Reps!
Didn't u serve as Senator during the Obama administration as well? What prevented u from speaking out when notified? what a hypocrite.
He was, I called & as usual got voicemail. #CanCornyn20
Oops, you accidentally omitted reason for the delay: #Obama tried to keep investigation from being politicized and aimed at hurting #Trump.
You don't get to use that excuse either.
Shouldn't you be more concerned about the actual hacking?
Obama damned if he spoke up and damned if he didn't on Russia hacking.
U & the rest of the NaziGOP would have cried like little bitches saying Obama@was trying to put his finger on the scale
It could have been anybody. Could have been someone in China. I hope you can let it go.
yes they were trying to put country over party, which I really wish you would do for your constituents as well. #DoYourJob
Because of Mitch McConnell
Your party blames Mr. Obama for everything. He's damned if he did & damned if he didn't. Where you not in Congress at the time?  I blame U.
You sir, MUST get this out and expose the OBAMA administration for the criminals they are . PLEASE DO NOT HOLD BACK!  ATTACK, ATTACK, ATTACK
I'm confused...haven't you been denying Russian involvement this whole time? Which is it??

Mitch McConnell doubted Russian hacking intel & said he'd consider any Obama admin response "partisan politics." https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/obama-orders-review-of-russian-hacking-during-presidential-campaign/2016/12/09/31d6b300-be2a-11e6-94ac-3d324840106c_story.html … https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/877879361130688512 …
Cause dump and GOP would call fowl play!
But... Yesterday you tweeted that the NASS said that the election was not hacked. What do *you* think?
Partisan crap from Cornyn the partisan hack. Please resign.
Did YOU know? Weren't YOU briefed as senior leadership? Why didn't YOU do or say something?
Oh, so now you admit, we were attacked. 

I agree with john, investigation is now legit.
John, what are your thoughts on the proper response of Americans to taxation w/o representation as it regards to your healthcare bill?

BREAKING: Dems to #WhiteHouse: Explain Why #Kushner’s Clearance Has Not Been Suspended During Ongoing Investigation. https://medium.com/oversightdems/explain-why-kushners-clearance-has-not-been-suspended-during-ongoing-investigation-b66b629a7515 …
That's a straight out lie. Now I see how far up trumps ass you are
Wait, so was it a hoax? Or was it Obama's fault? Make up your mind, Senator? You are all over the road. Scared?
I'm so sick of the Russian narrative. We have more important issues facing our country. The left can't accept the election.
Blame the black guy theory is petty, spitful and stupid!
First you're all "this is fake news, no story, etc" and now you're all "this is all Obama's fault." Typical.
A tough call,especially when Trump was claiming the vote would be rigged against him.Interesting that Trump made that claim, was it defense?
I see you are back to the Trump Syncophant role...sad! By the way, so what that Obama didn't release info. Why don't you do your job!
Obama delay so horrible. Trump denying, screaming FAKE NEWS, and refusing to do anything to prevent in future, perfectly acceptable.
John Cornyn Knew Of Senate Healthcare Bill, But Delayed Telling
So what's your excuse for doing nothing now that you've known for 6+ months? And why is it Trump can't admit it was Russia?? Sad, very SAD!!
President Obama has integrity. He didn't want to influence the election until he had all the facts.
They thought HTC would win
Omg. The pettiness level of these old men is friggin . Unreal. Do your job.
You would've crucified Obama had he intervened... Hypocrite. I cannot wait to cast my vote against you and @tedcruz ASAP
Why did the Russians think the GOP candidate would destabilize our democracy? Hmmmmm.
Obama and his Admin had one goal and it had nothing to do with fairness.  It was and is all about his self defined legacy.
Very unflattering article for @GOP and your treasonous president. If DT hadn't been screeching "rigged!!" we would've had more options.
Really? You are trying to make people think they are idiots that they don't see this posting by you as being two-faced, and you know it.
Because if they did, it would have had political implications that R's would have been furious about.
WTH is your  point here? YOU were senator. YOU knew too. YOU are a hypocrite. YOU are trying to take healthcare from millions, in secret.
No vacation work full time like Americans that elected you
And if they did you would have been screaming partisan politics.  Now the President would even say it!
I'm on vacation so I'm a little behind - didn't you tweet YESTERDAY that there was no election hacking?
Yup, & if had said you'd be trumpeting he interfered in the election....what would you have done, huh?
- Future headline "GOP in Congress Knew of Treason, but Voted for Trump Agenda Anyway" (And no mitigation for you guys)
But @realDonaldTrump says there was no hacking
You are implying that you would have listened to an Obama WH.
And if he had told you'd have accused him of trying to influence the election. And you know it.
Wait, wait, wait. Last week, this was "more silliness." It's only silly until you can blame Obama? That's a tired, gross habit of yours.
I thought you said yesterday there was no hacking. And that all of this was "silly." Make up what's left of your mind.
The Dems never ever thought they would lose ! They thought whatever they were hiding would be forever hid .. America had another idea! #maga
You are useless to Texas and to the country. #ShowUsTheBill
Yes he did. You know about it so what are you going to do NOW?
If Obama knows of hacking, and you know of hacking and 17 intelligence agencies know of hacking, how come your Dear Leader still denies it?
Senate Intelligence Committee knew it too, right? So you knew but chose to be part of Russia-a-Lago instead of serving your country
...for oil money. Plain and simple.
Obama knew. That's why he kicked Russians out if the country and strengthened sanctions. Your party wants to lift them and reward russia...
At the end if the day, you're a coward. And when you leave this world, you'll be a coward. Your grandkids will only read about a coward.
So Obama supported Trump. Got it.
You knew. Period. And yet you still deny. Obama didn't want to look partisan. He knew the fox news gop shitstorm you guys would've had.
And the Trump Whitehouse denied it. So not sure what tweeting this article does for you since you were a senator during both.
Maybe they were waiting to see if @realDonaldTrump would do the right thing and tell his friends to cut it out?
Yes and they had reasons for doing so...called damned if you do.  You and the GOP are complicit allowing Trump to continue the collusion.
Since you're hiding your healthcare bill from your constituents:
Um. Obama should've screamed it, but the GOP & McConnell arw complicit. You know that. Y'all are full of "not my fault". #toddlergovernment
Since you're too fucking lazy to post the healthcare bill:
You really wanna go down that road and sound as pathetic as @realDonaldTrump blaming people who are no longer in the game?
Republicans since the primary...that they hired a investigator
Believe it or not, before we had a president who incriminated himself via personal tweets, discretion was a virtue
What would R outrage have done to him if he'd said.somerhing? Y'all were dishonesty, cruel, unAmerican and inhumane to him for 8 years.
And you have known and done NOTHING! NOTHING you miserable SOB!
We've known that for months.
How will you prevent recurrence?
I like how you play the altar boy. You knew and you know it, it's not like you were out  spending time with your constituents.
WE WANT A PUBLIC HEARING ON THE HEALTHCARE BILL. I will not vote for you again if we don't get it BEFORE the vote. I AM A TEXAS VOTER.
Yes, because that plague upon humanity known as Mitch McConnell threatened to politicize the disclosure.  You knew John. Why didn't u tell?
Acute rectal cranial inversion. It's real, people. Our Senator has had his head trapped up his ass for some time. This cow plop proves it.
See, there's this thing called OPSEC and COMSEC. The O administration would not want to throw the race into a frenzy.
Hiding something
BECAUSE they feared it "would reveal too much about intelligence gathering and be interpreted as “taking sides” in the race."
Johnson told states into the fall of last year "no credible hacking threats" exist.
And? Now, all Americans know so what are you going to do about it?
The Obama administration was too distracted doing illegal hacking of their own.
How loud would you be yelling if information was released before the election when the investigation was still new? #Hypocrites = #onceGOP
Show us the bill
Also DWS says FBI and DHS never contacted them. 

Is the FBI or DNC lying? 

Why not interview DNC?
And look at how well it worked out for the GOP.
It was either Obama for the DNC or Ukraine. It wasn't the Russians.
And they explained why that was. Amazing you would omit that.
Yes because of McConnell threats You do not care only about your party
trump knew also
It's almost like your are pretending to care about it...

