Finally see some movement on @POTUS cabinet nominees. Dem's need to realize they lost power for a reason.
yeah, gerrymandering, voting restrictions (by republicans), and the Clinton campaign.
I fail to see how proving one's identity is considered voter restriction. Don't you have to have ID to drive a car?
there is a right to vote, not a right to drive. Burden for restricting is higher
I justed used driving as an example to explain that most people have picture ID's. Those without ID's can get them for free.
@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence America is 110% safer since Nov. 08, and even moreso, since President Trump's appointments have been okayed.
@ainsleyearhardt @kilmeade Ainsley please don't refer to the Berkley thugs as animals...animals only act violently when attacked.
was that his wife holding bible, if so he acted like she wasn't there.
finally! Now what about Sessions? I will be voting again in 2018 and it won't be for any blockers nor party.
We need to confirm Davos 1st since we need Sessions vote - then on to Sessions
your gonna sellout our kids 4 a vote for sessions, that's just evil, such a swampy thing 2 do
we will all be speaking Russian soon! or dead. Thanks, Donald! #GOPcorruptAF
great, another yes man joins the clown club
General Mattis has already blown that liberal lie out of the water.
oh no... General Mattis is on our side.  Lol the LIBS!!!
Yeah Okay....As long as you believe that. I thought it was "Mad Dog" not "Cupcake"
lmao you haven't heard him speak have you?  Typical Trumptard.
I have & I'm familiar with his career. You're dumb to think he's on a political side
well didn't you say that in your original comment?  Pot meet kettle.
No I didn't. I didn't realize you didn't know how to read. I'm sorry. Try again
So now Tillerson is ready to sell out Ukraine to Putin?
why not vote all confirmed at once
and blatant obstructionism.
all this winning! Not tired of it yet tho lol
Don't be silly. A reckless President and an unqualified staff. WTF did you win?
@ainsleyearhardt Being in News, have you uncovered the same information on Tillerson and Sessions as reported on Vice News-others.
@JohnCornyn @SenatorSessions I guess this what you do when you don't answer your phone.  Counting down the days until you are out.
good news for Russia!
@kilmeade  thank God and Fox management Brian is tops on @foxandfriends.  Would be VERY lame without him.
DATA...???
lets fire them for lack of participation at work.Demo are not for USA they're for their pocketbooks Shame on them
rights....sorry we usually have to fix crappu economies after a Repubtard serves.
if I were paying the Democrats to work and they weren't showing up I think I would be taking some of their pay
did you do that the past 4 years with the Repubtards?? Hmmmm...
We are with you Senator Sessions. God bless you 
@JohnCornyn @SenatorSessions why @realDonaldTrump is calling putin today? letting him know his boy tillerson is on way? INVESTIGATE
@JohnCornyn @SenatorSessions More white guys appointing more white guys. How about the rest of us?  NO to all of you!
it's about time those cry baby democrats.
We need Betsy DeVos  confirmed prior to Sen Session giving up his Senate vote after todays announcement
Republicans please remember this. Democrats not confirming picks. There will be payback 
congratulations!
Thank God!!!
keep moving nominations to confirmation.
it's not the press's job to hold people accountable your job is to report the news accurately, that why your hated
@foxandfriends @SenatorSessions it's about time!!!!
it's about time
@JohnCornyn @SenatorSessions yuck traitor
@foxandfriends @SenatorSessions there getting threats to make sure @realDonaldTrump @POTUS  gets his way,get loss sessions
@ conSenatorSessions Did they confirm or not?
AWESOME!!!
FUCK FOX NEWS.
congratulations secretary RexTillerson!
.  Thank God and our president Donald J Trump that john kerry is a skidmark in the underwear of American history!!!
You Couldn't have stated it any better!!!  Bravo 
Could you please get rid of Obamas prayer rug behind you.
Rex knows how ISIS makes money from oil, smart choice by prez.T
Democrats who refuse to work/vote could be fired or not Paid. Anyone else would so why not them. Fair is Fair.
trump is getting his wish, Make America White Again. Make America Russia.
Let's see where Tillerson goes first. Russian or Ukraine?? I think I know the answer.
@JohnCornyn @SenatorSessions confirmed by Republican ONLY
and the Dems and Libs LOOSE again! 
@foxandfriends @SenatorSessions Believe Rex will be terrific won't use this job as a vacation club like Hillary
Thank God.
@foxandfriends @SenatorSessions  I believe Rex Tillerson will do this country good and not use his position as a vacation club

@foxandfriends @SenatorSessions Finally needed him a week ago
cant wait for him to get confirmed already
looks like we r getting there!
#Sessons is a good man, we like him, he is a healer, he needs time alone, those fruit loop dems should like him too
@foxandfriends @SenatorSessions Come on just give us Sessions already! 
There goes the planet...
Good Grief! DO IT!!!
Democrats are not learning to pick their battles.
please don't let @POTUS  swear you in until you are able to vote on Betsy DeVos. Every vote counts.
Next to unravel the tangled liberal web from the prior administration and #MAGA!
closer to a dictatorship
yaaaaaaay
Wait didn't MSM, libs, dems and progressives all say it would never happen? Wrong again??  Yep
they have NEVER been right about Trump..lol
and never will. Several steps behind. Their problem with America is that it has too many Americans
Tillerson seems perfect,
Calm,patient, doesn't embarrass himself, like some of these fools.
too racist to be confirmed in the 80's.  But if you think it's cool.  
well at least he's a Texan @SenatorSessions u mislead on civil rights cases
All the way now Mr Sessions.
You can't know a man's heart. But Sessions, in my opinion, is a #CamoRacist who does a good job hiding his prejudices.
care to give an example or two? Or is it just psychic mutant powers? SMH.
The SPLC is a good watchdog: https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2016/11/18/jeff-sessions-champion-anti-muslim-and-anti-immigrant-extremists …
Nice! Only 1440 days until President Trump's 2nd term. Let's get Rocking...
@JohnCornyn @SenatorSessions what is going on do not vote for Betsy DeVos she is clueless
Can we please stop DeVos? Simply, not qualified.  Money shouldn't buy the position.  Dept. of Ed needs to be gone.
everything is going fr our country. Amen!

- Too "racist" to be AG of ALABAMA(!) - yet fit to be AG of US? 
Nope.
Seriously?
Hep us God and Baby Jesus.
http://mobile.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSKBN15G5QZ …
yes!!!
about time!
God Help Us! Putting wrong people in just so they can keep Trump in line is absolutely crazy
we will soon be the USSR. Sold out to the Russians.
it about time. Now lets move on the rest
Good news...Great days ahead

FILL THE SWAMP!  FILL THE SWAMP!
congratulations
same everyday. Moving closer but no vote
Wonderful news. Loving  all this winning. and all the DEMS LOSING! MAGA one confirmation at a time.
Good luck Rex!!
Tillerson is completed,  get the Ku Klux Klan sessions completed, according to Constitution Dems Can't Stop This
no to Sessions
could there be a bigger conflict of interest!?! Trump had enough and now he's throwing in all these $$$ mongers
finally! Senator Sessions is a good man that has been treated horribly.
big win for the Koch brothers right #Trumprussia   FaKe Fox News
I doubt you know much about thinking.
yaaay!!!
Yeah!!!!!
how can these senators not do their jobs the tax payers pay them! Please fire those that don't show up
how many times them Republicans not do their jobs for the last 8 years?  Did you whine then?
great grammar now go back to school and learn something
Wow talk shit and can't own hypocrisy.   I live in the south.  Us rednecks talk different.
Thank you Jesus!  Prayers answered once again!
@POTUS will always find a way to succeed #thingsthatmatter
And the liberal tantrums just get louder and louder. I think I'll grab some popcorn.
Yeah!
