thank goodness!  We were so enjoying our safety here in MA, but I guess you are taking care of that- guns everywhere, yes???
extreme vetting for immigrants, extreme vetting for gun ownership. At least we have a driving test... #TownHall
we have vetting for gun sales n concealed carry. N it works darn well.
it works for c&c, I'm a tx supporter. same scrutiny isn't applied to all sales, criminals can easily get guns.
Well go after criminals, look2 cities like Chicago strictist gun laws most gun crime.I agree we need 2stop crime.
Everyone there knows you can drive right outside the city and fill your trunk with guns, only need fake id...
what city? No you can not get gun from lic.firearms dealer. They do not want to add to mess or lose their business.
Really, that's what you want your legacy to be? Come on, do something meaningful for this country.
You can keep your open carry in Texas. Leave the rest of us alone! How do you sleep at night? Who owns you?
- How much were you bribed to introduce this bill???  Really, we want to know how much your soul is worth.  Greedy coward!
How many guns are enough? Is there ever enough? Or is it the money the NRA brings with it? How much is your soul worth?
Did they promise you another $57k to tweet this?
As a Texas resident I do not support this proposed law. Please consider the potential for escalations & violent encounters.
Gross
surprise! NRA wants to sell more weaponry to more people. Shocking, I know.
What the hell is wrong with OPEN CARRY .@NRA?  CONCEALED carry should B outlawed.  I have right 2 know who is carrying a weapon
OPEN carry would detour a criminal BEFORE he commits the crime....CONCEALED CARRY does not....WHAT IS YOUR GOAL HERE?
What happened to states' rights?  Don't individual states have the right to decide this issue for themselves?
Yes, legally purchased complete back round check. Texas has it.
Say TX allows anyone to carry, but Oregon doesn't. This law would make OR do what TX does. Not right.
U have wrong info.Sorry,Texas does not allow anyone to carry.Conceal carry is total back round check.
Of course they do. You've got the support of the NRA, but NOT the support of your constituents. Time for a #TownHall.
shame on you and the @NRA
Here's @JohnCornyn picking & choosing when states rights matter and when they don't. His only consistent action is siding w/ GOP over Texans
Thank you for making us less safe in this crazy world.  You are in bed with the NRA.  How can you sleep at night?
All the tweeting you do you could had held a town hall, but guess you're just another GOP coward
considering the amount of violence perpetrated by the "tolerant" left, I'd be hesitant to be a target as well...
.@JohnCornyn Duh, of course they do. They wrote it a paid you for it.
Real Texans don't carry guns; my ancestors worked to tame Texas. You want to take us back to the 1800's. Shame on you.
Funny how you're all states' rights until you don't like how they use them.
Let's make this happen, @JohnCornyn
Never gonna happen.
I almost forgot, before this happens, planned parenthood gets defunded. How great is that? Hahaha!
You sir are dead wrong. We, the voters in Texas are watching your choices.
Shit bought and paid for by the NRA! 
last week a man shot his wife in front of their 11 year old son in Spring, TX. Clearly, more guns and less screening are needed
#RussiaGate Stand Up!  We Are Watching You! Demand A Grand Jury. . #TheResistance
How much is the NRA paying you?
Blah blah blah...Sen Cornyn loves NRA & NRA loves him.  $$
great!  More guns. What could go wrong?
This just in! The NRA wants you to buy and carry guns! And lawmakers will do whatever the NRA wants. No matter how wrong.
Shameful @JohnCornyn @NRA doesn't make America safe! Do your homework!
get trumps taxes released
We need special investigator for Trump Russia-gate.
I'll be happier when SCOTUS underscores 2nd Amendment infallibility, rendering state & local laws null and void. Manifest tenor.
Has concealed or open carry decreased gun violence??
# Ithinknot.
Shame on you.  This is the worst bill ever proposed
You do realize, by creating a one size fits all the default is the most restriction.  letting states choose gives more freedom
Investigate Trump and Russian ties.  Get his tax returns.  Protect 1st amendment.#DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS #iamnotpaid 75831
Come on @JohnCornyn, of course they do, duh! You know what else they back? Your campaign funds I'd bet #WeCanDoBetter
Why is this a priority, Senator Cornyn? Texans have real problems beyond access to guns. I don't get it. 75238
ohhhh so THAT'S who you're willing to meet with. Glad to see you're easily bought
no no no
YOU WORRIED ABOUT A TOWN HALL?
@GOP ARE THE BIGGEST YELLOW SNOWFLAKES OF THEM ALL! #TRAITORGOP #trumprussia #resist
with your great Texas gun laws wonder why Dallas, Fort Worth etc have police recruiting issues & they all live in the suburbs 
so much for states' rights, huh?
how much were you paid to try and gut laws that Americans want????
WE DO NOT WANT IT.
pls vote yes, my rights do not end at doorstep,township,city,county,or state lines.this is freedom endowed by r creator
There was a fatal shooting in my neighborhood grocery store parking lot last month. This is foolishness.
gangs of illegals having illegally gotten a gun not the same,we r law abiding
Remember De'Maree Atkins. Reflect on her 8 years of life. Her violin. AND TRY TO SLEEP AT NIGHT.
Funny how "STATES RIGHTS" r ur mantra EXCEPT when u don't agree w policy. MY STATE DOESN'T WANT UR CONCEALED WEAPONS.
Y should i give up my freedom when in ur state?
Remember "State's Rights"? But of course you're a pawn for the @NRA so I'm not surprised at 'Reciprocity Bill'
sooooo....it's all about states rights unless it's about lethal weapons
that's wild I thought the NRA would put their foot down on this legislation. I'll sleep better knowing this debate is over. Thnx
yes we get you're bought.
because more states are enacting stand your ground laws? The right to life only applies between conception and birth
Do you have a conscience? How can you sleep with the blood from all of those violent GUN deaths on your hands?
how about you backing your constituents
I'm not sure of the point of this bill. Can you explain?
Of the issues facing this country you guys do a Muslim ban, guns, killing regs and concealed carry reciprocity. INFRASTRUCTURE!!
#TownHall! You are a joke!  You need to listen to your constituents.
Just great! NOW, can you focus on investigating this corrupt White House!!? I'm beginning to think YOU have Russian ties too!
Not surprising. Please hold a town hall to get your constituents' views on this.
color me shocked!!! #sarcasm . In not obvious news, when are you holding that #texastownhall #HearOurVoice #resist #persist
Reasonable people demand reasonable gun laws. I am terrified to see a man walking with his guns!
been talking to Rubio about #TownHall meetings?  #investigatetrump #healthcare #yourseatsnotsafe #listen!
so you had a #TownHall with the NRA then? When is it the turn of your REAL constituents?
@SenThomTillis Flynn got 40k from Russia. How much 45 give U 1-19-17 CNN on live air? Or did U have direct line from Russia too?
would you please disclose how much money the NRA has given you?
Trump Russia investigation independent
, thanks for reminding us how deep you are in the pocket of the NRA.
Oh the irony. You want every whack job to carry a gun but you're too afraid to face angry constituents that might be armed.
, you are all about state control of reproductive rights and schools, but open carry laws should go state to state. Disgusting.
too bad you don't care for your constituents as much as you do the NRA
It's the NRA. Duh.
In related news, Big Tobacco backs marketing of "candy cigarettes" for school fundraisers...
and in other news, ExxonMobil opposes the clean air act. Can this be filed under NSS?
But do gun owners? NRA is losing touch with majority of gun owners and hanging on fringe.
John, what exactly do you back, since you refuse to meet with us and tell us. Thoughts on ACA/Trump/Russia??
Reminder - you work for the residents of Texas, not for the nra. Please remember that.
We haven't put enough $ in his pockets.
Speak fir yourself. I support those who vote to enforce my 2nd Amendment rights. I AM the NRA.
I am speaking "fir" myself, fool.
Mr. Cornyn. So glad you have made the NRA happy. Now please consider your constituents....even those without conceal carry.
He IS considering his constituents, those of us who beleive in the WHOLE U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights.
...believe...
Going to research when u come up for reelection. U got to go!
Thanks for reminding us who owns you...lock, stock and barrel.
Meanwhile, gun violence and deaths are constantly on the rise. But hey the NRA owns you John.
Only in Chicago.Texas, because of increase in Concealed Carry, Texas has drop in crime
That's right. Unlike what 45 has been saying, there is actually a drop in crime. That's been hanging for years.
I was just thinking I it was easier to travel interstate with firearms.  Should hold town hall so we can thank in person.
Hope you are speaking in irony
because states rights don't matter if we don't agree with the policy followed by the state.
@GOP So states get to decide healthcare & civil rights for themselves, but not whether they can have gun control? Hypocrites.
Yes. But what happens to reciprocity with the current push for no permits needed?
good question.
well of course it f-ing does, it's the NRA...
the question though, is do you back an independent investigation into Trump's Russian ties?
WHAT Russian ties?
