Says the guy funding an expensive and useless wall
another poster here used that exact wording, you paid trolls need a more versatile script
'"anyone I don't like is a shill" a trumpster guide to political discussion'
once more "I know you are but what am I" is not an argument.  You honestly get paid to do this?
Wow you don't even know what "I know what you are but what am I" means?  Top minds
that is your response?  A slightly reworded "your mum?"
You're not even American!  So I guess you're projecting?
there is the "I know you are but what am I" again
We've always been concerned about deficits & debt. You just didn't pay attention. This #taxreform is a disaster. Don't rob medicare/medicaid
yes, you have always been concerned about creating more debt through your cloward-piven strategy
Hold a town hall chicken
I more worried about when @GOP will be concerned about treason, ethics violations, and the emoluments clause.
luckily for you they aren't or the entire democrat party would be behind bars
Can pigs fly?
u have the worst tweets. Hire another intern.
Can't do much about that but do wish you were concerned about those things. No government in health Care.....
What do your voters think?  I'd put more focus on them and less on people that don't elect you.
Partisan yes? Not representing all constitutients.
You could help by saying no to some military spending.....like.....ever
what is it with you child killing marxists and pet avatars?
Lol, what?
Could it b that Republicans are still unconcerned with health care? Why can't you tweet things that let me know u represent me.
what "healthcare" does he need to tweet about to let you know he "represents" paid trolls?
Why the focus on D's? Grow a D and govern and quit pointing fingers at "D's"
How would you know what we are concerned with?  You don't stand for your constituents, only big money.  #TownHall #HearUs
Because you are raising them.   Did you notice?
The party out of power is always concerned with those. Democrats always are, too. But you guys keep insisting on infinite debt.
Why do you continue to disparage democrats you work for us too. You forget that don't you. Try working together toddler man
why would anyone work for communists?  Don't you useful idiots believe in "no top-down leadership?"
- We've seen this movie before. Trickle down is a flop. The Ds always have to swoop in & fix it. Why don't GOP learn from past?
The DS have never swooped in and fixed anything. The party of double the national debt in 8 years. Liberal lunacy.
could it be that the repubs stopped giving a ... altogether.
No. They're just adopting the R's old argument ... I recognize it because I'm a D, too.
Won't believe it until I see it!
Yes, which is why we are vehemently opposed to ridiculous plans like the useless wall.
Your candidate ran on a platform of drastically increasing our national debt. He has your full throated support. The party of hypocrisy.
Lol lol you're no better by simply mentioning that point. When every goddum thing ds tried under Obama , rs cited debt and deficit .
One Dem. was able to cut spending and save our economy. What was his name? Oh yeah. Barack Obama!
@JohnCornyn logic: "okay, I'll sell out and pass a terrible budget and when people care, I'll blame them for caring"
Could it be that you plan to no longer even pretend that the GOP ever did?
You are a liar like trump!!! Impeach cornhole (Cornyn) & trump!
Last two government shutdowns both involved...Republicans.  One of them from Texas. Grow up and reach across the aisle.
Could it be TRUMP MISSES HIS OLD LIFE THIS IS TO HARD. SHOW YOUR TAXES! STOP HURTING WORKING CLASS ELDERLY AND POOR.
Tax and spend vs tax cuts and spend, both Ds and GOP have no interest in lowering debt don't kid yourself.
Bullshit!  It's you that has raised the deficit and republicans that break the bank.  Obama cleaned up a Bush mess and now Trump screws us
You're an #oldfogey @JohnCornyn maybe you forgot #IranContra #taxcut #Reagan #deficit /debt? Maybe #iraqwar taxcut #GW #Bush deficit/ #debt?
I seem to remember a democrat potus - Bill Clinton - who balanced the federal budget. What gives John?
But every #GOP pouts has deepened our debt? Reagan? Bush Jr? Trump doesn't seem to care about the debt either!
Could it be that our senator is still a jackass who has to attack the democrats rather than focus on doing his job? Shame on you!
Only a Dem has balanced the budget- Reps get us further in debt. So this is just a plain dumb tweet.
Will GOP ever act other than to line their own pockets - and have different healthcare than constituents? #hypocrites
You're only concerned about the deficit when Democrats hold the majority or the White House. Otherwise you don't mind mortgaging America.
what about the 9 vacations in 3 months your boy trump has taken with tax payer money? #typicalgop
Could it be that u r trying to take away HC for millions, destroy retirement for seniors, & give more money to the already rich? Hmmmmm
You don't fool anyone.
No...just how GOP wants to enlarge the deficit by reducing taxes on Top 10% to put $1Trillion in their pockets!
Trump's tax reform is shameful.  As a republican I am ashamed daily but what y'all are doing.  Think beyond yourselves, please.
Could it be that tax reform appeals to you because it will line your pockets?
Could it be that Cornyn is  finally  concerned about his constituents enough to finally meet with them face to face? NOPE.
Could it be that the Rs are finally concerned about only the wealthy affording healthcare? NOPE.
Could it be that Rs are finally concerned about how they only line the pockets of the top 1% while the middle sinks to the bottom? NOPE.
Could it be that you're a hypocrite for moaning and groaning about the debt for the past 8 years?
You leave Children with 
Debt & a Poisoned Planet  

But screw it, as long as the Koch Brothers are happy.
Someone has to be. It sure isn't the GOP
Could it be you didn't learn shit from the Bush era...
Tax Cuts & War = Massive Debt
They are the only ones that have ever balanced the budfget & paid down the deficit.
tRUMPRUSSIAN MUST BE INVESTIGATED..BURR MUST RECUSE SIR
ARE YOU SERIOUS???
Republicans are good at trolling their base and creating fake news but facts elude the #PartyOfLiars. Cornyn is a #hypocrite and a #liar
1)The deficit +debt have always been lowered by Dem's- after R's raise them to pay for tax cuts for the rich- like now by 2 TRillion @txlege
You spend a lot of time criticizing D's. Offer  constructive ideas and try to  represent all the people of Texas.
Hey Corny! Why don't you hold a Town Hall and see for yourself what D's (and the rest of your constituency) are concerned about...
Staffer that runs his twitter account is an idiot too.  Instead of connecting with voters all he does is troll. Cornyn takes up space #sad
Cornyn is nothing but a party shill. He's contributed nothing and all he does is stand behind others. He's a fence sitter #hypocrite #whimp
Sarcasm is not an attractive quality in anybody. Do your job. Work for us. Do what's best for the average Texan, not the rich.
Repugs like u talk a lot about deficits and debt but do nothing when in power but make tax cuts and increase defense spending. #PartyOfLiars
Name the last republican to balance the budget? I thought so. Clinton was the last president to do it. Repubs are terrible at governance.
What is it you actually do?
Repugs like you dont care when you're in power. Wars on credit, tax cuts, defense spending... Repubs are historically bad at governance #Sad
Listen John, you work for all Americans, not the Trump crime family, please do the right thing....
You probably could've learned the answer to this question if you'd held a town hall.
the ds don't want to cut taxes to increase the debt.
if only you used all that sway to eliminate the deficit and pay down the debt. Call their bluff, Senator. #tcot
If so, let's challenge them to partner on entitlement reform. At 60+ % of budget & $80 trillion in long term obligations, we need reform!
If corporations and billionaires paid their fair share, no one would have to be concerned about deficits and debt.
Always have been, but people are more important that bottom lines.
nice to know you realize this tax cut explodes the deficit. Now what r u going to do about it?
your way of admitting that this tax plan blows up the deficit?
EVERYONE should be concerned about deficits and debt!!!
Are you really just a @GOP twitterbot?  Do you even think for yourself?
those are all "d" words.
Could it be that republicans have never been?
Could it be that r's might ever put country before party and the rich and help their constituents save their health care.
Cmon man @JohnCornyn be a leader 4 the Great State of Texas n stop being sarcastic.  Ur party has control of Congress n u and  staff R MIA!
I've seen Men in Black, and I'm convinced that senator Cornyn is the guy with the little alien in his head. Calling #voice to report Cornyn!
Could it be your still an A-hole?
Burr needs to recuse himself #trumprussia
Hope you are not thinking about adding to the deficit with that stupid wall. #resist
When will Republicans actually B concerned w/vulnerable populations, WH corruption, #RussiaGate or #Flynn? Focus on country B4 party.
I don't know about Ds senator but your constituents want to know where you stand on Treason, Taxes increases on the middle class and Russia.
Your staffers can't tell me either. They said they would need to look it up on Google. Is that where your constituents should look for you?
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation and #NoNuclearWarWithKorea
Where is the 100 million dollars that was donated for the Trump inaugural Not all of it was spent!
Rs are only concerned about deficit and debt when there is a D president. Rs happily spend $ on war, but not vets and the poor.Hypocrite!
Could it be that Dems were always concerned. That's why we wanted out of IRAQ. Why don't you have a town hall ? #yourlastterm
We are concerned about Russia and your merciful leaders taxes.
I'm concerned with finding a replacement for your sorry behind. #biggestdoucheinthesenate #partisanhack
What about the republicans ?????
It seems that Rs are more concerned about spending when a D is in the WH not when an R is 
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @RepKevinBrady @realDonaldTrump   Senator, could it be the Trump Kool-Aid Drinking Republicans don't care?
At least Ds don't engage in magical thinking, such as the myth that cutting taxes on the wealthy increases revenue. Pure lunacy.

I called your office, was told you tweet for yourself.Do you read replies?Advice:build consensus, not division.Think bipartisan.
I would hope everyone would be....no wasting money on Trump's trips to Mar-A-Lago, his unneeded wall and his tax cuts for the wealthy.
Could it be that Rs aren't?
Why did you not hold a town hall?  Because you are a coward!
You mean like the R's weren't under W?
Could it be that Republicans never really were?
We are not D's We are American men and woman working for a living and yes we know debt and are fiscally responsible because we have to be
Divisive senators like you need to be replaced with people who want the best for America, not their party
When are we going to see how this proposal benefits 45? Tax returns John, we want them.
Where's the reform? I only see tax cuts that will only work in reconciliation which means temporary. Do something real for once.
D's are always concerned.  R's are heartless.
Stop saying stupid things please.

All issues should be bipartisan. If Congress doesn't stop this political bull the voters will.
When will Republican s ever be concerned about our country and democracy? #treason
Could it be Rs only care about tax reform for corporations and the wealthy. #taxreform
Find out by holding a TOWN HALL!  Then, u can find out what ALL UR CONSTITUENTS THINK!  We want u t feel the love, Senator.
Let's see: who had surpluses during their presidency's? Bush 1? Clinton? Bush 2? Go back and look at the books. Clinton wins.
Your tax reform is billionaire welfare and adding billions to the debt.But your lecture about Ds.Clean your own house
Ah.... yeah..  let's cut taxes. Give a refund. And add to the debt.
The President wants to raise the national debt by trillions, making the country even less equitable.  Of course we're concerned.
Doubt it!
You can not build a Wall, Repeal Obamacare ,or defund Planned Parenthood ! So get the the log out of your eye before you start with Dems
Do you really just represent the bankers and oil companies who are your main donors? ExxonMobil needs a tax cut? Why do you sell us out?
Congress is responsible for deficit more than POTUS. Constitution Article 1 section 9. congress isn't interested in deficit only power.
Because you are not?
Way to represent your constituents. Please for once in your life stop supporting division in this country.
Hahahahahahaha. Laugh not to cry.
The tax plan is a bunch of bullet points that only benefit the rich and corporations. What about the rest of America?
How about slashing and burning small programs while ignoring military slush and overpriced defense contracts.  What % is military again?
Did you vote yes on 2003 tax cuts? Did that enlarge the deficit? In 2009 you said deficit was an issue. Did you only care because of Obama?
Trickle down economics does NOT work  If one time 15% rate is tied to mandatory repatriation by US Corps & 25% go forward - maybe.  Townhall
Bwahahahaha
Were you ever?
So, is the plan to bankrupt he govt and then be "forced" to gut SS and medicare? Why do republicans hate anyone not in top 10 percent?
They'll always get around paying taxes, look no further than The Guardian article about all the LLCs that set up shop in Delaware.
Lol. bc your one page budgetary cliffnotes is serious? You don't get to act like you're serious about debt while supporting 2 unfunded wars
how about you stop screwing over America for the benefit of the rich?
Probably not.
Could it be that you're a condescending hypocrite who's afraid of talking to Texans?
They and you should be  the way Trump wants to spend money. @maddow
could it be that youre a craven coward, given that economists predict trump tax plan will add trillions to deficit?

HOLD A TOWN HALL JOHN
Your tax reform has been tried by reagan, bush I, bush II, Brownback, and Jindal.  Supply side doesn't work.
Could it be that Republicans were NEVER concerned about deficits and debt?  #taxreform
Yep. That one page tax reform bill that the WH rolled out really inspired a lot of confidence. 
I'm sure all your D colleagues are inspired by it too.
R Reagan - huge deficit
R Bush 1 - lowered deficit
D Clinton eliminated deficit
R GWB - huge deficit
D Obama - lowered deficit
Come again?
Once more for the folks in the back.
R Reagan - huge deficit
R Bush 1 - lowered deficit
D Clinton eliminated deficit
R GWB - huge deficit…
You are confusing (annual) budget deficit with national (long term) debt.  $19trillion in debt, a 100% increase under Obama & Dems.
The "two party" system is a fraud and you know it! It's about the  ESTABLISHMENT... and you're part of it SCUMBAG!
A sitting Senator; divisive and unproductive. 

You seriously call this a plan, Senator?
Great plan right there! #progressive socialism plan has failed, miserably.  give 'em @JohnCornyn
I'm an I. How we pay for things always concerns me. Explain how most of GOP proposals help that please. With facts, not MAGA job gibberish.
And I also worry about everyone paying so that we can be a fair, helpful, compassionate, creative society.
Could it be that your debt hysteria from 2009-2016 was a total scam?

Trump's massive tax cut would cause debt to surge from the current 77% to 111% of GDP (highest since WW2). My @Morning_Joe chart 
We're also concerned about not being able to afford health insurance under the new plan that the admin is trying to sell.
It's not reform to give endless amounts of advantages to the upper class you dolt.
Rs only worry about debt and deficits with a D president. The hypocrisy, it burns......
Republicans certainly don't. If anything, it would be the "tax and spend liberals" trying to be revenue neutral.
Your constituents are concerned about tax cuts for the very wealthy & corporations.
What we are concerned about is the hypocrisy of GOP at every turn .@JohnCornyn
Could it be that you finally are concerned about your constituents? Nah, not a chance, you are a Rump guy all the way.
Maybe cause trumps tax break for rich is going to pile up the biggest deficit/debt we have seen. Added bonus of screwing middle class.
Tax and spend liberals are more deficit neutral than borrow and spend republicans. You do know this, right?
Could it be that the @GOP isn't?
Well, it certainly isn't that the @GOP is concerned with anyone at all but their own pocketbooks. Do your job, #Feckless John. #Impeach45
Well, if they are, they're scared to death of the President's one-page head fake that is based on the laughable (discredited) Laffer Curve.
Nope.
