Why don't you go work 2 jobs like I did work between 60-80 hrs weekly to take care of my responsibilities
Ok,Richie Rich..how much extra do u pay in excess of taxes due each year? How much do u do contribute to charity? If ur like other libs
Just remember..you said you were rich so de facto you amd your liberals friends would say it's impossible for u pay ur fair share.
Penalty was just added, wtf, do you pay attention to real news or just the propaganda from Fox?
Ignoring your attempt at ad hominem, are you positing any proposed penalty is *exactly* the same as the one repealed? Details matter.
Read his tweets in the thread. Wasn't ad hominem at all. Any mandate is a bullshit tax on the many to benefit the few.
Non-responsive to my point. I agree on mandated. Forcing citizens to engage in commerce for the purposes of regulating it is totalitarian.
Right. You agree with the mandate which you just acknowledged is authoritarian. Cool.
Nope. I don’t agree with a mandate to purchase medical insurance for the reason stated. I agreed that it’s BS no matter who proposes.
Ah. So you meant you agreed with my sentiment about the mandate? Your wording made it sound otherwise.
Also, couldn't agree more - it is a step too far, for sure.
This bill also penalizes you for dropping coverage, and it's much more costly.
The real issue is to lower the cost of healthcare. Hospitals in USA spend so much. Luxury compared to rest of world (like Europe healthcare)
22 million forced to pay for illegal aliens health insurance. Mexico provides free healthcare! Send them back!
Not nearly as many as you appear to think, and we will still be paying for their health care in the ER. Penalty was not much.
Great point!
2:  CBO was quite explicit, 15 MILLION on Medicaid, Disabled, Elderly in Nursing Homes will LOSE Medicaid,
the rest will lose ins due to exploding Premiums
How many had coverage they did not want?
Who "doesn't want" health insurance? Have either of you seen anyone running around demanding that their health insurance be cancelled?
Young healthy people with lots of other expenses forced to buy coverage they can't afford for conditions they don't suffer, that's who.
What are you talking about? At any age you could contract a flesh-eating bacteria, break a leg, get in a car crash. W/out insurance? Ruin.
All ppl SHOULD have insurance, but that shouldn't mean they MUST have it.
Question: You MUST have auto and homeowner's insurance.

Why?
Do you have to buy auto insurance if you don't own a car? Auto insurance is mandated by the state not the fed government.
If you have a car you must insure it. Why?
Get real! If people can't afford their premiums due to pre-existing condition upcharges, then it's not really their "choice," is it?!? 
.@brithume Retain the mandates requiring ins cos to offer the "essential benefits," but make it optional to buy them. #competition
Why don't you tell us since it's in the report. Be, you know, a reporter.
Or you could comment, on how healthy people don't like insurance costs, but the 1% that can't live without insurance, need them.
But that would cause you to argue against the very premise of insurance. After which I would ask if you have insurance.
Just like the 23 million who haven't bought Obama Care. No difference
Britt you were once a compassionate human being. Since you hav been to Fox it's what u have lost  They will fire u for age one day just wait
This may shock you, but the ER only does emergency care. You can't go there for cancer treatment, maternity care, therapy (phys or psych)
You can't get any kind of preventative care or long term treatment. If you're dying too slowly, you're screwed.
And you know who pays for what they WILL do at the ER when people can't pay? Hospitals and taxpayers.
Nah, think I'll go with the American Medical Association's recommendation on this one instead of a TV commentator.
I will go without for first time only because I cannot afford to stay in it. 25% of our gross income this year. Mom & pop biz owner in WV
since it'll be a choice between eating or health insurance; heat or health ins; diapers or health ins; gas to get to work or health ins
When you get a full time job you will have insurance. If young and fit go work.
No. I worked 10 years for employers that paid no benefits. And what about disabled, children? Send them up chimneys?
How many will lose it regardless if this passes? #ourfamily #aca #providerout
Have you no shame? Is there any lie or misrepresentation you won't peddle to support your GOP/FNC overlords?
this is sick. A millionaire being paid to convince mid class people to blame poor people while the billionaires loot the treasury.
False argument. Nobody cared about penalty 2 begin with. R u OK if it's only 10m? I'm not that kind of @gop.
there is still a penalty if you go without insurance...it just paid to the insurance company.
Honestly I think the term flee is a better descriptor of what people will do if the penalty is repealed.
this is so dishonest. the penalty isn't repealed, it's just being added to your premium by insurers instead of being collected by the state.
Yes, and then they'll "choose" to go to the emergency room for what are very much non-emergency issues. Great.
They do that now anyway because they buy the cheapest policy to avoid the tax penalty and it has terrible coverage.
back in the real world, every insurance policy is required to meet standards.  all that BS about cancelled plans?  didn't cover anything.
Idiot
Paying well over $200 a week for insurance since the Obamacare scam came into existence. Sure would be nice not to have to pay that much.
Also ask how accurate the original CBO score was in 2010
@JedediahBila Good point!!!
People don't actually 'choose' to go w/o coverage. They choose to pretend they don't need it & when they do, shift it to others.
Who is in a better position to make choices that effect your life, you or the Federal Government?
You're making choices that affect all our lives when you forgo insrnce and stick us all with the costs of yr uncompensated care, Einstein.
and when I drive my car, use my AC, utilize a public transit...
Tell you what. You get to go w/o HC ins if you agree that all you get is morphine during illness/injury...unless you pay cash up front. 1/2
I don't go w/o ins. I learned the hard way what happens.  That doesn't give me the right to dictate how YOU should spend YOUR $
All industrialized nations pitch in to provide healthcare for all.Americans do it on all sorts of thing, medicare,etc. It's quite reasonable
Yeah, look at the current state of that program. It's going bankrupt.
My mom is going to die of prostate cancer & my dad of breast cancer because Obama covered them & now they won't be covered.
@greggutfeld Greg,  what I wrote above is how stupid the Dems really are, they're paying for crap they can't use right now.
That's the way it should be. To have choice. Not gov. Telling us what we want.
just don't expect hospital to cover the cost of an ER visit. You never know.
Count me 1
I broke my little finger, 5000 for ER visit, orthopedic visits, physical therapy. Out of pocket $500. Get insurance.
A distinction without a difference. Ideology hurts. People like Brit want semantics to matter when there are lives at stake. Do better
There isn't 22 million on it now . Is that liberal math ?
Help me out Brit. This is how insurance works. You need healthy people paying premiums, but one day they'll need it.
And you can't force people to buy it. You need to have good options that entice people to buy.It's why ocare is failing. Young aren't buying
1/ Liberals tanked the greatest healthcare system in the world to insure a fraction of the population. It was a train wreck from the start
Why were were the best? What changed? How has it tanked by insuring more people ! Why insuring less good? Why did we have choice prior?
Gee Junior, have you ever researched socialized medicine and wait times for specialized care? Hip replacements take months. Here it's faster
What is Medicare? Have to tried to get into a specialist recently ? They didn't fix my SLAP tear in 2 days. The rest of the world
Medicare is not insurance dummy. It is an entitlement. Try to keep up. Yes I got in to see a specialist in 2 days.
Saying illegal aliens will loose health coverage isn't being honest! Good news, Mexico has free health care! Just send them back to Mexico!
Only one good hospital in Mexico. It's private and very expensive. Mostly American trained doctors. No free ER
This is embarrassing, Brit. Aren't you a journalist? The CBO clearly states that most of the losses will be due to Medicaid cuts.
By "cuts" you mean "non-increases"?  It seems strange that people will lose coverage due to not having funds they do not currently have.
it increases 2% everyyear
Obamacare is the law of the land. BCRA greatly reduces the level of Medicare spending from Obamacare. That's a cut.
BCRA reduces future increases to spending.  The $ amount of money spent on Medicaid would still rise over time, but just more slowly.
Did not millions lose their preferred coverage when ACA came into effect?   If you can't pay deductible, and can't use ACA are you insured?
27 yr old girl who is healthy said it's too expensive & can't use it bc of high deductibles. She makes under 30,000. Cant wait to drop out
You must disagree with @POTUS that it's mean. That's one of the first truthful statements I've heard him make.
Not being able to afford health insurance is far from making a choice. Since you are allegedly intelligent, you should know the difference
I am intelligent. I work a full time job. I pay ALL my bills with NO help. I pay $300 p/m for healthcare. I cannot pay copay for doc or meds

Yes, it is a choice - between food, utilities, or health care! Thanks GOP for the choices!
I didn't have to make those choices until after obamacare. 
Either did I. Health insurance wasn't an option.
I had health ins. Lost my plan. Lost my doctor and now I can't afford ins. because premiums over 30 grand a year. So I choose no ins.
That seems really high, unusually high. You must be making a bunch of money, or you could be on the exchanges. Or, you are lying.
Middle class income!
Also ask, did the CBO predict Obamacare collapse and if not, why do we care what they say about this?
CBO did not predict Obamacare collapse, because they didn't foresee that @GOP would sabotage it.
Yes, they have been actively working to destroy it. Rubio did a real number on it with defunding key things. They are still at it!
Wow. Just Rubio did that, huh? Did those mean old Republicans use voodoo too? So these are the Madcow talking points?
BREAKING NEWS: #MitchMcConnell  #Obama  & a #Trumpster  explain #Trumpcare.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UkkTJ9vHA8 …
#ACHA #satire #ACA #Obamacare
It's the quality of coverage, since that determines ability to use the medical services. Bad or unusable coverage like not having insurance
First class.
A-1 #1 Top Grade
If there are only 11 million on Obamacare now, how can 26 million lose their Obamacare
How many of those didn't need it in the first place? And how many needed health care and could not afford Obama care and took the penalty?
Even Fox is reporting it in this misleading way. If there is no mandate there will logically be fewer insured. Context please.
Exactly..fewer insured=higher premiums and lacking personal responsibility=pushes cost on to others.
Exactly. The way it was before the ACA - that was the whole point. 9 million more people with health insurance has been good for everyone.
It was good for people in the middle class that had crippling hikes?
If they had a big hike, they are quite wealthy compared to everyone else. That's the bottom line. It was not "crippling" at all. Whining.
Or people that lost their jobs because their employers couldn't afford the taxes
Which employers are those? Do you have a list?
Employers had to give Ocare if had 50 employees that work 30 hours a week, so tons of companies hired 49 people or had them work 29 hours
How many were spending $12 K a year with A $12 K deductible.
Nobody will "lose" coverage if they need it, no kids will "die" because they "lose" their care. GOP can't/won't push back against this bs!
Everyone is just fine. I'm actually not even paying attention to insurance shit. Doesn't bother me.
But they won't do anything because of political points for 2018. Reps should be making Dems own this but they're not!
Amazing how all the DNC Media reporting is framed to deliberately omit that fact, isn't it?
It's amazing that you don't see the problem with 22 million healthy young people opting out of health insurance.
There's nothing amazing about people not deciding to buy a crappy ObamaCare policy once it's legal for them to not do so.
Your actually whining about people being given a choice to not buy something instead of the gov't forcing them to purchase it.
It's not that hard of a concept.
When people don't buy insurance they r treated by emergency rooms and then we all pay for that service one way or another
People who coast along w/o buying insurance (when they can afford it) are freeloading off the rest of us. And that's what the GOP is
fighting for: the freedom to freeload. If don't have insurance the rest of us have to pay for u when u get sick, have a car accident, etc.
Confused?  You thought GOP was all about "personal responsibility?"  Nope. They're really only about one thing: tax cuts for the rich.
Try rearing kids with no child support, no govt. handouts of any sort. Add a 17 year old car you only keep because it is paid for. Try it.
I didn't have med. insurance for a few years when I was young adult. But it made me grow up&want a job that offered it.Less pay w/benefits
You meant 22 million more. And by choice, for those you won't be able to afford #Trumpcare - the numbers will be a lot higher
I'd rather ask the dumbacrats to use their physic abilities to give me the winning lottery numbers
Other great Brit Hume questions include "where are my pants?" and "is doodoo food?"
Only ppl that should be on Medicaid are the elderly that paid in and the real unable to work. Anger issues or anxiety doesn't count.
Evidently u fall under anger. Wow check urself. I am basically saying ur young that claim anger issues or anxiety can work. How is that bad?
Also, we have a ton of ppl who have been told they "can't" in life. What if they hold a major breakthrough in science, med. Etc. And can.
How many won't be able to AFFORD IT!
Keep bringing the facts. Keep bringing the correct questions. Thank you Britt.
Well why would that logical questions be asked by illogical DEMS doesn't fit their death Narrative #WakeUpPpl
"By choice" because it is too expensive for them to afford?
Ask how many small, rural hospitals will close
When I was 11 years old, I told my Dad that health insurance would not work, and now that I am 73, I am being proven right! Still won't work
What assumptions does CBO make in their calc? And what is the error probability for those assumptions? Sensitivity analysis is key.
 I have MS, no cure & no way to prevent getting it. Ins co's denied me left & right. So yeah, I will "LOSE" my healthcare.
Brit, the question is if nothing is done then are we better off?
@Daggy1  Increase F.I.C.A. And apply that to Medical, everybody pays.  Fine those who are caught not paying a large amount
And I didn't want to pay into SSA when I was 22 either but somehow survived the horror.
CBO is a constant joke, no way can they assess the results of Trumpcare.
No one died BEFORE the insurance bill was shoved down our throats. Hill-Burton Act was good enough!  #REPEAL #REPEAL #REPEAL #DefundPP
all those who opt-out are now a liability to the rest of us - free riders
They are more desperate than ever.
Nothing will change unless gov steps in to regulate big pharma and insurance pricing. Sen. Paul said they had a $15 billion profit.
Check how many will be kicked off Medicaid. You'll get the floor of what you're asking. Doubt you care abt facts,  you're just being shady.
Brit, If Only 11mm became insured under ACA, who are the other 11mm who already had, but will now lose, insurance under the Senate plan?
Does going without health insurance because you can't afford it count as a choice?
By choice do you mean people who can't afford it? Do you mean people unable to pay the out of pocket that is going to be ridiculous?
Most of them.
Another agency or entity should do an assessment to check the CBO's. This is an enormous calculation that deserves a thorough check.
Exactly!!! As a small biz owner the penalty is brutal! Besides, not every person will sign up for health care. It should be a choice
@Liz_Wheeler More people right now  can't afford Obamacare and don't go to the doctor because it's too expensive.
The ones that don't plan on getting sick so why not go without, everyone else pays when you get sick, which is why the mandate made sense
The elderly, people in nursing care, disabled, pregnant women and new moms, kids - aren't willingly giving up coverage, you tool.
Yeah it's funny bcuz I know people (young & healthy) that take the penalty on their taxes & DON'T have any insurance! How is that healthcare
#IfYouThink its #OKToViolate the #13Amendment #AsLongAs
they #ForcingGirlsToLaborForTheBenefitOfAnother s #Healthcare
#YouAreDoingItWrong
We know that won't be you, Brit. Your money gives you options others simply don't have. Young people can't wait until they "need" it.

People just want what @realDonaldTrump promised: "great health care, at a tiny fraction of the cost—and it’s going to be so easy.” 1/2

why do wealthy people need a massive tax cut so 22 million people lose their healthcare?
Try to justify murder all you want.  GOPcare is class warfare.
Exactly!!
Exactly, ill be one of those 22 million
15 million from Medicaid. 4 million from employer plans. That leaves 3 million who might opt out.
$800 premiums, $4,000 deductible. "insurance" covered 3 medical bills this year. Everything=out of pocket. But cry becuz others lose FREE?
isn't that just a form of virtue signalling?
@brithume, EXACTLY!!!
The bill removes the penalty and will charge more for worse plans... of course less people will be insured.
Why don't you ask grandma!
The Left has never let the truth get into their way.
Brute.  Prob about 90&.  Bill

2. CBO: Medicaid is the biggest loser. Enrollment down 15 million by 2026. Accounts for 2/3 of overall drop in insurance
Why are you such a cheerleader for Trump. Are you still claiming to be a non-biased news source?
2 mil of them are Vets, 300k of them rely solely on Medicaid; tell me again how much you care about those who served our country.
Smart Brit.
I asked exactly that!
Many will "LOSE" coverage b/c coverage will become prohibitively expensive; now talk about choice. Propaganda. Working to get you off air.
Does that matter, it's the principle... why is one person less worthy than another?
Seems like the sort of thing a real news org would report on instead of just raising the question.
Health insurance is not healthcare I would like to make my own choices and keep as money people out of my wallet as possible.
Excellent question! However, those low income folks that want to maintain their coverage need to be able too. Say, a sliding scale premium.
First off CBO can't tell how many will lose coverage -it's a guess and a bad one - like how great  their projection for Obamacare was-lousy
Those 22 million are probably illegal Imigrants
Get government out of the insurance business an lower our taxes 
R u including 15m on Medicaid, disabled or elderly? Or those, like me, that CBO foresees a 73% prem increase for? Read the bill @brithume
Brit. Only way this works is if gov provides 100% like in the UK, no choice, or Gov lets private industry provide. No half measures.
Key words "BY CHOICE"! #NotRequired #BCRA
And who's going to pay for their care when they get seriously sick or injured. Just like in the good ol'days, we will...
Feh! That would require painful thinking, Brit.
I'd guess 2 mil will lose insurance voluntarily, so then it's "only" 20 mil who will lose it non-voluntary #Trumpcare #AHCA
Excellent question and very important distinction
"by choice"
You should probably get back to your treason isn't a crime fluffing brit.
21,980,00
21,999,999
This is just a stupid comment by a stupid man.#ignorant
I didn't choose not to buy a Lamborghini when I had no reasonable option to buy in the first place.
People will opt out because it will be terrible health care, at increased cost. How many will lose coverage because companies opt out? 2/2
you mean like they are now?
Things that make you go: hmmmmmm...
Brot - With report that premiums go up by 74%, how do you define choice?
Liar! If health care costs go up to 1/2 income, how much "choice" do I have to decide between HC & food/shelter. It's not hard 2 get. Think.
That doesn't fit the Dems and LSM narrative! Go figure! 
How many are without insurance now?
Need to repeal Obamacare. 

USA needs to run...RUN AWAY quickly from single payer.
Incorrect. The individual mandate is still there, only a violation results in a fee to the insurance companies instead of government.
'Choice'? Might choose between eating and paying premium.  Filling up car vs premiums. Clothing? School? TV? Phone? U do w/o ANY of these.
I wonder, does he kiss that beautiful child with that mouth..just sayin
but NO ONE WILL LOSE ACCESS.
How many are PAYING for insurance, right now who cannot afford to use it???  it's almost July & I've yet 2 come up with $$ to see a Dr.
What has happened to you? Terrible, awful reporting. Let's begin with the 15 million thrown off Medicaid. You went to @UVA. Expect better.
Raising my family I had Major Medical- covered hospital including pregnancy- I paid Dr's & Pediatrician bills out of pocket 5 kids-$$$
Also ask how many go without because they can't afford to buy the coverage they need. Would be an interesting ratio I think... 
Thank you.  I'm an adult and will provide my health insurance if I want.
If by choice you mean  "they can't afford it any longer", you're closer to cooking with gas half-wit.
Sounds good in a tweet but before ACA uninsured people with no doc were going to the ER for every cold/cut & sticking us with higher bills.
So it's all a question of money, right? Rich people can live, poor people die! Congratulations! That's the American Dream!
Remember that Obama gave free healthcare to Dreamers and illegals and foreign refugees. There are your millions without insurance.
People who don't have #Healthinsurance need to get medical bills for services rendered. Irresponsible people get no sympathy from me.
Americans don't like being told what they MUST BUY others just simply can't afford what was forced upon them.
The penalty was ;put back. This is just Ocare by another name.. Vote NO. enough of these rube goldberg plans that make things worse.
As a self employed, I couldn't afford to buy insurance, but was forced to pay a penalty. The penalty was still cheaper than the insurance.
Wow Brit. Just going to throw any credibility you had out the window, huh? Tell us again how colluding w/RUS isnt illegal. #Traitor #puppet
I ask how many million $ were stolen from others to provide that coverage.
Millions of young ppl haven't had insurance anyway..Didn't need it..couldn't afford it n deductible was insane

@DeploredWarrior
JUST MORE FAKE NEWS FROM BRIT HUME
And.............Fox only Network who told truth about reducing the deficit by over $350 Billion.
No one I know doesn't want healthcare. Don't be daft, Brit!
16 million lost to Medicaid cuts, does that answer your question? Or do you even care, since it doesn't fit your narrative
My first guess would be none.
Main stream media is really trumpeting the 22 million figure but never criticize Obamacare
CBO says 15 million will be forced off Medicaid; most of the rest won't be able to afford coverage.

Good commentating though.
My young healthy son in law beat cancer at 26. You would have young people risk their financial lives by having cancer w/ no insurance?
Health care is a privilege not a right.
Exactly! That needs to be made clear.
Quite a few. And then half will go to the emergency room when sick for free care, driving up premiums for the rest of us...
Dont believe the BS.All they have to do is go out and buy health insurance.
Exactly right - but that point will not be reported.
Don't forget to ask how many are illegal or refugees?
Not being able to afford insurance is not a choice.
Exactly !
Exactly Brit people will no longer be forced to have it crammed down their throats and will be free to choose if they want it or not!
Healthcare costs are going higher.Say what you will,least ACA is helping people.Everything related R's have recently pushed is a disaster.
Your wallet or your life is a choice by your logic. Just silly!
It's All supposed to be a choice! It's becoming pretty clear that the Progressive Rino's are moving us toward Single Payer Socialism! @POTUS
thats irrelevant Brit, if we're not able to force it down their throats, how can we ever have socialized healthcare?
22 million more without it ?? . Lol. They have it now but can't pay the high price or the deductible. But sure feels good to have.
@satin_silkn @Gr8boxingtrolls @RichardVeii   a very rare occasion I agree with you, you're lucky Butt Fume
YEAH!!  WHAT HE SAID!!!
