Come on dude, keep up with POTUS and delete tweets like this when he changes the story.
Where is your outrage the Russia's were in the oval office while America media was locked out.Price has reporters arested .Dictatorship now
I agree! those photos of Russians in Oval Office made me sick to my stomach. GOP what did you do to stop this?! Nothing.
Party of Putin has no care
Trump said "no ties to Russia". Then meets with Russians and fires Comey.
Shockingly you & your Rep. counterparts aren’t speaking out against the firing of #Comey. #BadJudgement or #MisplacedLoyalty? #Elections2018
cover up
Since we know the real truth about why #COMEY was fired, what is your position? WH has been caught in ANOTHER lie. #TrumpRusssia
BS
I expect better from my rep. We need an independent investigation. Esp. when Rosenstein is denying his role. It's Trump.  #VichyRepublicans
The President fired the FBI Director because the FBI Director was investigating the President. That's obstruction of justice, Senator.
Firing Comey was obstruction of justice, no matter what you say. Excusing it goes against American values. #CountryOverParty
Trump told us it was not based on Rod's memo. He was thinking about the Russia investigation into him --said it himself. You need to listen.
So happy to see all of the GOP finally being fully unmasked! Your truth is showing John. And we're laughing all the way to the voting booth!
When will you grow a backbone and stand up to King Donald? Are you going to ride his bandwagon all the way to IGNOMINY? History is watching!

Connect the dots:
Tues- Comey fired while away
Tues- Copy his computer to thumb drive
Wed-  Give thumb drive to Russia in Oval Office 
@JohnCornyn history will judge Donald enablers very harshly. Maybe TX voters will too.
How did you like the photos of Trump smiling and shaking hands with the Russians??
Obstruction of justice. Truth finds a way.
Senator, you cite WSJ ... it also states Comey says Trump is unhinged, crazy. You are supporting a lunatic who will take u down
Resign. Your ignorance is hurting Texas, the country, and the world. #Trumprussia #ComeyFiring #TrumpLies #ClimateChangeIsReal
You know his letter didn't explicitly say Comey should be fired, right? What side of history will you be on Senator?
Granted, he's no Elliott Richardson, but you may not want to promote his actions of evidence that this was just.
Deputy AG Rosenstein threatened to quit, Post just alerted: https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/how-trumps-anger-and-impatience-prompted-him-to-fire-the-fbi-director/2017/05/10/d9642334-359c-11e7-b373-418f6849a004_story.html?utm_term=.c390d8e3272b&wpisrc=al_alert-COMBO-politics%252Bnation&wpmk=1 …
Comey should have been fired. The timing of was dismissal is highly suspicious. Both of these can be true. Why refuse independent review?
If you're in Houston, join us every Tuesday, 11:30-1 in front of Cornyn's office, 5300 Memorial
#ResistTrumpTuesdays
Edit: Rosenstein framed for Trump's justice
Ps, your continuing commitment to Trump at the expense of the truth is a travesty. You serve your constituents, not the President.
Only banana republics let the investigated fire and replace the investigators.
Please remove the US flag from your offices.  You dishonor it
- much of your am tweets = partisan swipes. This is legit. But - NYT op this am also legit. As is WSJ scoop last night. Complex
We need an independent investigation!  Your party is trying to protect this clown of a POTUS!
Tired of reading other people's opinions John. Why cant you share your own (without using Democrat in it)? #SpecialProsecutor
Your constituents are watching your participation in this circus. We are looking forward to election day.
Trump fired Comey be cause he was leading the investigation into Russia .When Comey refused to lie for Trump  he was fired
You and Rosenstein work for us the taxpayers not Trump or Putin You have forgot you oath to protect us the taxpayers
Are you seriously going to throw your reputation away for Trump?
Your partisan tweets are embarrassing. Stop.
And for reference, you should read the NYT opinion piece this morning.
You know he is considering resignation over being used this way?
Your partisan tweets are insulting. Senator, your serve at the pleasure of the people of TX & the people are NOT pleased. #TurnTXBlue
Y'all are really throwing Rosenstein under the bus think we'll buy it. What happened to the buck stopping with the president?
It's really condescending to your constituents to assume they have such little intelligence. Do what's right for the country. #Gaslighting
You are making excuses & it makes you look complicit. We Demand an Independent Bipartisan 911 style Investigation. You're #OutIn20
Rod Rosenstein threatened to resign after Trump suggested pressure to fire Comey came from his office. #IndependentInvestigation now!
you should read the WHOLE story, John. We will.
DAG Rosenstein threatened to resign after WH narrative cast him as prime mover to fire Comey, @SariHorwitz scoops http://wapo.st/2q4FDGq 
when John brings us one dude's opinion, clap back with LEGIT REPORTING. 

This. Was. Wrong.
F U
Opinion s not fact.
u know Comey got fired bc he was leading the Russian investigation. but the amount of posturing/posing u do is really something else.
John, always thought it strange how u pushed for that bill to let 9/11 families sue SaudiArabia. Now with everything's unfolded, we know why
