Listen closely. High deductibles do not hurt as much as HAVING NO INSURANCE.
Uh, "insurance" with a $10K deductible is effectively the *same* as HAVING NO INSURANCE, lab partner.
Nah. Not if you get hospitalized. Many families can pay off $5k-- but $100k debt=bankruptcy, disaster.
Yes, that's called "catastrophic insurance". It's great when premiums are low- useless for typical family's year-in-year-out needs.
Except, lab partner, that under ACA ALL preventive care is covered-- which is 95% of year in/year out needs.
LOL. Ok, True Believer. Have a good day.
The Cruz amendment *could* basically destroy the entire individual health market in America. This coming from the insurance market.
and you are ok with this? Destroying 1/6th our economy to just put a Win in the column for trump? Seriously this is delusional to do this.
You've been saying for years it's failing.  Yet the best you could do was vote to repeal 60 odd times not improve.
How come no one mentions the unconstitutional penalties enforced by the IRS??? Legalized theft is all that is.
Repeal and restore the free market
Tell your fellow Republicans and President Trump to release funds already approved to subsidize the market.
Then fix the ACA.  Time to work.
Your previous comments regarding deductibles vs no insurance is ridiculous.  To some it's no different.
Another hollow nonsense statement from the  insurance agent in arms in the senate
Make it betters!!
Nope, it's the petulant insurers like @Aetna who when they throw temper tantrums hurt millions of Americans... NOT the ACA.
Why would anyone sell or buy policies they can barely afford it already and are afraid will go up in smoke with the current administration?
A lot of sky- rocketing costs are due to markets GOP governors & legislatures created. GOP has always wanted ACA to fail. #Obstructionists
This current bill up to a vote appears to cause a rise in premiums even higher than current premium costs, while killing Medicaid, thoughts?
Because Rs refused to work to make better & underfunded/denied funding to ACA.
So make it better for us!!! Your efforts aren't helping. Don't throw the baby out with the wash.
Fix it dont repeal it.
Prices were out of control prior to Obamacare.  That's insurance companies, not the law. You've got to control costs of services.
Thats because REPUBLICANS were underhand the ins. Comps by forcing the raises that were in Obama care when they could have forced a freeze.
#Repeal Repeal repeal. We need fix, but only after the entire #ACA is trashed. Then on then, work on new free market solutions. #MAGA
Do what you promised and #repeal. Dems passed it without a single GOP vote. #GOP can repeal without Dem vote. #MAGA
Again, it is the fault of the insurance industry, not Obamacare. GOP plan is very bad. Dump it and go for best option, Universal Healthcare!
Your plan will result in even higher deductible for my patients in San Antonio, bud. And then your cuts to Medicaid will hurt kids & unborn.
You, the rest of the republicans and 45 are tanking the ACA. Health insurance companies are making a big profit right now. Improve the ACA.
Your plan will hurt millions more!
You blocked everything Obama did just because he was the one who wanted it. What do you expect?!?!?!
Yeah, things were so much better before with skyrocketing premiums and record insurance company profits because the didn't cover SQUAT.
Your policies make everything worse for much larger population. It's time for bipartisan hearings & listening to those you disagree with.
Forgot to finish: ... because of @GOP obstructionism and intentional sabatoge of America's health care system.
The problem being the insurance companies...
Don't punish Americans. challenge insurance companies to be innovative. Their products are stale and obvy don't work anymore.
Figure out how to make it better vs shitting on it. That's what leadership is about Sir!!

#GOP
Please do not vote for TrumpCare!! As a Texan, it is not how we treat people!
Well, you team-up to NOT work with ACA so... it's on you too... but now you do have a GREAT idea, right? Oh no! After 8 yrs U GOT NOTHING 
Insurance industry organizations say GOP Senate Republican health care bill is "unworkable in any form."
I hope you read the AARP letter published in the Houston Chronicle regarding this terrible replacement plan you are pushing!

The trumpcare you support will hurt more. Stop the hate and just work on improving existing ACA
Even insurance companies hate it!
Cruz amendment cuts medicade by 36%
Because the GOP is strangling it to death. #FIXDONTREPLACE
No one is buying the lies you're telling. #SavetheACA or give us #MedicareForAll
Premiums were skyrocketing before ACA. And exchanges are failing partially because of uncertainty and GOP sabotage.
Do your best to wreck the ACA, then criticize it's imperfection. Y'all aren't that sneaky, Senator.
Stop describing effects of the Senate plan & restore certainty to the ACA funding to help those millions then.
No, health insurance companies are hurting millions of Americans. Get real.
Why are the substantial premium hikes prior to ACA/Obamacare being left out of conversation? Problem is Independant of party or philosophy.
How much of that has/had to do with them forecasting political sabotage of ACA? it's not ours economics either way
Why then is nobody in Washington seeking to remove gov't interference in health insurance?
Repeal"ACA" !
Get the Dems to the table and make it better.
No @JohnCornyn u and the @GOP AND @realDonaldTrump R HURTING MILLIONS OF AMERICANS. @dallasnews shows us who u r. Don't gaslight us. Thx
Seriously? What do you think this chart will look like under your plan? #youbreakityoubuyit #savetheACA
Then repeal & replace, not just tweak. How about that great medical insurance you and the other "representatives" of the people get?
John you're being dishonest. The Repubs have actively worked to destroy ACA & Healthcare in USA. You are the embodiment of Repub Rot!
it's helping more than it's hurting so fix it so it will beneficial to all.
and so your solution is just to boot them off of insurance altogether??
You hurt millions of Americans.
Repeal Ocare only! Do NOT want government in healthcare!
GOP & trump sabotage causing that! Insurers say Cruz amendment would be even worse! STOP THIS! you r literally trying 2 kill ppl
No John, your work is hurting poor Americans in Texas.
So why did you write a bill that makes all these problems worse?
The irony is that when some republican plan really decimates healthcare, it'll incite the grassroots support needed for single payer.
so whipping votes on gop hcare delayed until ???
1,206 days till your constituents vote you out of office
I almost want you to gt your way...so all the Americans you screw will never believe in you again

The proposed plan hurts millions more. Stop. Start over. Improve and compromise. This is not about parties it's about American lives.
Then why don't you just repeal it?
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL WE STAND WITH RAND!!!
John's ego has grown past his capabilities. Whether he runs or not depends on where the most $ is. He could be indicted and jail Trumpgate.
you say that even as the insurance companies say it's because of sabotage?  And you want to exempt yourself from your own evil plan?
Repeal the damn law!!!
That's because Republicans refused to expand Medicaid in many states. Deliberately destroying the market. Aren't you for free markets?
Mine haven't skyrocketed at all. They're pretty reasonable actually but god knows how bad it'll get under Trumpcare.
It's up to you to work with the Democrats. You are the governing party, so do your job.
When you work to undermine the system it's no surprise what you can do.
You're not convincing us are you?
The GOP has and continues to hurt millions, but yet it is not enough. Not enough to work hard all your life & choose bankruptcy or death.
Y not consider expanding MediCare 4 U65 w ACA "stuff" chrg accord 2 age/condition/income? Easy. Let ins go back 2 b ins ???
The new plan will throw 22 million off healthcare.  That should bother you too.
The repeal and replacement you GOPers have is awful and nobody wants it. Listen to your constituents! Fix ACA and don't punish poor and old
The @GOP is hurting millions of Americans with their inability to come up with any solutions for America beyond blaming the Dems.
FIX IT!
You care nothing for your constituents. #TrumpcareKills
if you guys had a good health care plan, the populist would've accepted. but as it stands, you don't, and they don't.
Your plan betrays tone deafness. The list of health prof orgs against it is growing. Health insurers have joined the opposition. C'mon!
Don't anyone believe this drivel - here's a comparison of anticipated costs ACA vs BCRA
So it's cool to uninsure millions, and allow them to sell crappy plans that don't even cover ambulance rides?
#MakeAmericaLookDumbagain 
GOP plan leaves out those in need and ask middle class to pay for it.
BECAUSE YOU'VE BEEN SENDING THE INDUSTRY TERRIBLE IDEAS AND MESSAGES.
GOP voted No 100% of the time for EIGHT YEARS under President Obama. Complain after 8 years that Dems did nothing. Rem.? No Sup C. J? 1 year
Are EU countries, Canada, the U.K., and Australian citizens more deserving of good healthcare than Americans? And why is that? USA  richer
Does the BRCA, or does it not cut $500 billion dollars in contributions by corporations and millionaires? National. Healthcare. Or nothing
I completely agree. That's why we need a single payer plan. The private market hasn't worked. We need a different system.
Fix it
#DoYourJob for Texans. Stop lying. Hold townhall meetings.
If you stop sabotaging the ACA & work with Dems to make fixes Americans wld be gratefulMaybe they'll even vote for Repubs in 2018 @SenateGOP
SO FIX IT. We're watching you.  Sincerely, America
Quit sabotaging it & work bilaterally with all parties to fix it. Just kidding, since u & ur family is exempted u really don't care. #RESIST
Yes, a nice "crisis" created by #GOP threats. #GOPisBadForPeople #cruzcareKills
repeal it completely in its entirety....you are leading us downward to fiscal nightmare.
BCBS just sent you a letter splaining just how bad the BCRA IS. I double dare you to post
Your solution to hurting millions of Americans is to hurt tens of millions of Americans. Good thinking.
1st, the AMA;
Then, US Conf. of Catholic Bishops;
Now, nation's insurers, nix @SenateMajLdr's "new" Trumpcare basis.
Oh, ICYMI:
https://twitter.com/zacseder/status/885906081800736768 …
Please do whatever needs to be done to pass repeal & replace;@tedcruz amendment is exactly what is needed; shd repeal taxes too. GOP WISE UP
No, you & your rich white male cronies are hurting millions of Americans. You are ready to pull back Medicaid & let them die.  Shame on you.
Nope. Republican obstruction and Trump statements about making it fail are the major problems. That and another lousy new plan.
You don't have a better idea so shut up
Tell you what John, come back with a plan that doesn't exempt Congress and staff and then we can talk. Otherwise just shut up with the lies.
The instability of the Healthcare Market is being fueled by Congress not being able to act. Insurance companies are reacting to uncertainty
Only in Red states, doing well in CA. How about fix ACA instead of throwing millions off health care.
Keep polishing that turd.
GOP’s concerted persistent sabotage of ACA hurts millions of Americans. This is established fact. Your statements are established fiction
Senator, you had 8 years to devise a replacement. What's YOUR excuse, other than repeatedly complaining about Obamacare? Shut up/do your job
There is no Obamacare- that's your derogatory acronym to  hide that fact that the GOP tanked the ACA  from Day One!  #fakeGOP
Then fix it. Don't replace it with something worse just to give tax breaks to your donors. Insults our intelligence.
Who voted for your personal health insurance? They need to vote for ours!!
So why aren't you doing anything about it?  Your tax cut for the wealthy that you call a health care bill is certainly not going to help.
Then REPEAL it. Just talk from all of you. Blah, blah, blah...
Senator, if what you are saying is true, why not fixed it rather than selling the idea that your Republican plan is better - pure politics.


Just give us the same plan we pay for you and your family.
Premiums and deductibles will continue to rise no matter what you do because the cost of healthcare are increasing uncontrollably.
The real problem is how much everything in healthcare costs. Meet with all in industry & find ways to reduce the costs.
The chaos yall are creating with these worse health care bills IS hurting americans! You should be ashamed, John! How do you sleep at night?
Division & contention because government involved in everyone's personal healthcare/insurance. End it all with #FullRepeal. Expensive!
Keep selling your phone wares, but again, maybe check with doctors, hospitals, BCBS, other insurance, and AARP before you lie further.
You're snake oil salesman. If you pass your bill you can add murderer to the list. He knows its garbage but for john it's party over country
Congress underfunded it on purpose so it couldn't stabilize. Good job. You broke it, you bought it.
So what is Ur answer?Just let people go without insurance?Ur plan is worse than Obamacare. Universal is the only way 2 go. Make it happen.
Health insurers wrote a letter claiming that premiums under BCRA will skyrocket.
Yes get it done please.
Lies lies lies, vast majority of millions covered happy, all will lose coverage to pay for your millionaire tax cuts
And the current GOP plan will kill folk.  Improve the ACA and work across the aisles to do so.
U should tell ppl how GOP via Rubio blocked the risk corridor payments designed to stabilize the Obamacare markets. GOP sabotaged ACA
n so then sabotaged millions of our nations poor. then they gather sad stories n sell America on failed healthcare system the GOP made fail.
@JohnCornyn you are hurting Americans by not repealing ACA. #youpromised #limitedgovernment #repealobamacare #article5
But ins companies have stated the big rise was still lower than it would have been & isn't expected to continue. Stop lying VOTE NO
Exactly what have you done in the last 8 yrs to help? GOP lobbies for big pharma and Medical CEOs' pay. Can't  wait to vote you out in 2020
No your rich cronies are....
Just drag out that old repeal bill, sign it, ship it. Then do a Medicaid funding bill. Just do it!
If Greedy People would take the Profit out of healthcare you cancel one  sub we could all have reasonable healthcare#ScaredFatOldwhiteGuys
Liar
Agreed. Why wasn't GOP prepared to define problem & present solution? Looking confused/unprepared doesn't provide confidence @SenateMajLdr
Then why don't the Senate repeal the damn thing in it's entirety?
"If any" ??? Really couldn't be bothered to do the 2 seconds of research to not be a liar? Stop.
Senator, you and your cohorts have been knocking Obamacare for the past 6 or 7 years. Your party is hurting millions of Americans.
What did you do to help with Obama care though?
This pointing fingers thing is b.s. when you do the same. We are all onto you. Both parties act the same. Please grow up.
PS - I live and vote in Texas. You should listen to the people you directly work for.
So, your F150 needs a tuneup. You take it to the mechanic and tell them to chop it up, throw it in the dumpster and light it on fire?
And all because you inherited the car from someone you don't agree with? .... what about all the Americans who still NEED medical coverage?
You're just going to hang them out to dry because you need this hollow victory so much? Classic cut your nose off to spite your face ...
As proof that it's SHIT LEGISLATION - the congress exempts itself from the new law. What kind of chef won't eat their own cooking?
Ones who know they are poisoning the intended consumer. That's what kind.
You are hurting us. You removed the support needed for the insurers. Single payer. No caps, no pre-existing existing conditions, maternity
You think you've seen skyrocketing premiums? Buster, I'll be thrilled to send you my rescission letter and bills if BRCA passes.
TrumpCare will kill millions of Americans.
The GOP response is to deny care to those who need it the most and sell worthless policies to others. Are you mean, stupid or both?
After 7 yrs you should of come up with a better plan,not a totally distractive plan that will bankrupt family's and benefit the rich
Please. No more posts about this obscene legislation
Wrong.
mine has not "skyrocketed" quite happy with it. be a bummer to have none. I am going to vote out!
U r nothing more than a string puppet of trump.  How much money is he giving you? What has he promised u? Does it feel good to have no soul?
Just stop with the disinformation. Please stop. Honesty is less thrilling, but please senator - can't you make an honest argument?



@JohnCornyn u tweet like @realDonaldTrump & are enabling a sociopath. There r other ways to talk 2 us. Quit insulting our intelligence!

Pretty sure they don't want to sell policies because they know it's not supported by govt & don't know what law will be next year.
How about a town hall at Hole in The Wall on the drag ATX
Your plan is much worse!!! How about people before party! Embarrassment to Texas
The insurance companies are out of control -- why not change them and work on making this ACA better
Premiums are rising, but at a much slower rate than pre-ACA. Not satisfied? Fix the problem. Don't burn down the house over a broken window.
No. YOU are hurting Americans.
And studies show your plan will be worse. You don't fix a car by removing its braking system. #ForesightIs2020 #CantWait #GTFO
I've been able to have insurance thanks to Obamacare. I couldn't afford it before. Now u want to make it more unaffordable again?

Can we just have the same quality of care that Congress's health care plan affords you?
Because you and the #Trumppets want to ERASE @BarackObama's legacy than FIX the current law. We see thru your party's BS.
- Work across the aisle & FIX the ACA! That's what 83% of US, AARP, AMA, AHA, rural hospitals want
Senators should be ashamed of themselves. This is NOT why you were elected.
The majority are against it. The approval rating for this bill is lower the POTUS approval rating. The fact you defend both is appalling.
I'm sure you'll blame Obama & say the GOP didn't have a hand in the mess, from mayors to senators & now the pres. Your bill isn't the answer
The GOP's refusal to fund the exchanges is causing insurance companies to pull out.  Good plan, sabotage, then ram your horrible bill thru.
Your insistence on a plan that will remove vital patient protections in favor of a tax cut for your rich friends will hurt millions more.
So y"all do something about it!
Genuine Q: If BCRA passes and premium and deductible rate of increase is even higher in 2020, will you run for re-election?
...because it sure as hell looks like you're betting that BCRA will reduce the increase in premiums and deductibles. Analysis says not.
I called their offices and asked that. Cruz's rep said "no, my deductibles wouldn't go down"
Well butter my buns and call me a biscuit......
Laughing...
