speaking of not answering questions...when are you going to hold a town hall for your constituents
Fire your social director for retweeting fake news
So y do ppl keep voting these types ppl as elected officials? It's beyond me to think part of our country has demented traits like gopagnda
Jr ADMITS his guilt on Twitter. Trump asks about pardoning himself, also an admission of guilt. And you post THIS crap? #LockHimUp
Trump never asked about pardoning himself. Fake news!!!

Nice try, but Trump loyalists can't/won't read. They only listen to Trump.
Newsflash: 80% of K-12 dropouts illiterate voted for Democrats.
Care to site credible source for that?
Research of 2014 Census data mined by http://ProgressivesToday.com  reveals Democrats take the prize as the party of high school dropouts..WoopS!
Christopher Steele owns Orbis Business Intelligence. THAT is "the firm behind the dossier." You & @FoxNews are lying intentionally.
- pleading the fifth is that unusual for the deceitful people and democratic admin !
I bet Ronald Reagan is spinning in his grave, mister
People only plead the 5th if they have somethig to hide.
He's not likely on Trump's pardon list!
So did Flynn, your point?
@FoxNews = #FakeNews 
#ImpeachTrump #RESISTANCE
Is it too much to ask you not to be complicit with a treasonous family?
Sessions lied under oath. Kushner lied on security forms. And a dude is pleading the 5th. 1 of those is legal. 2 aren't. Which is worse?
I hate it when people exercise their Constitutional rights...except for that 2nd Amendment. Happiness is a warm gun.
And you think this is important for what reason?
Here's a good read on your buddy clamming up
http://bit.ly/2uL0rG0 
Supreme court has ruled that a pardon, once accepted by the recipient, is an admission of guilt.
Are you really quoting fox news? Stop spreading propaganda, and #DoYourJob. You are supposed to work for the ppl, not the Orange Fuhrer.
Interesting that Fusion GPS and Flynn both allegedly worked to eliminate Russian sanctions. Trump knows he has to sign new sanctions bill.
Not just! Those guys should b subject to same level of public scrutiny as Comey, Sessions, et al. Congress let's them "make a deal". Sad.
There is no doubt, this man is a threat to our democracy
The new party line from the Repubs. - let's say the Democrats are the ones that colluded with the Russians.  You guys are shameless.
Stand and be a man not just a republican. Be honest about what is going on.
LIAR! you will REAP what you sow.
Do you remember that you work for us? Texas constituents? #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpcareKills 75248
UR always misleading. Fusion hired Steele's co. who made Dossier. Why? Akhmetshin ex-RU intel at Trump Jr meeting days B4, worked for Fusion
Looks like you're guilty of spreading fake news #worstsenatorinusa.
Now THIS is #fakenews. Fusion is not "the firm behind the dossier." They had nothing to do with it except buying it. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/07/21/fusion-refusal-co-founder-firm-behind-trump-russia-dossier-to-plead-fifth.html …
#ComradeCornyn you are letting your colors show and they are NOT America's red, white and blue.  #VoteOut #Complicit #TrumpRussia #shameful
You further damage your credibility by tweeting a Fox News article. #worstsenatorinusa
What credibility? Cornyn lost that long ago, if indeed he ever had any.
I agree completely
I once believed you to be a fair and descent man. Now you are just a hack. It's time to retire if you are not going to put country first.

Humm....
Since when has the GOP been interested in the truth when it comes to anything with the Democrats or Clinton? Another GOP Witch Hunt.
We have laws for that several years in prison will help
"Why is everyone looking at the President?  The real oversight needed here is this small research operation's cofounder."
Tweeting FOX? Come on ,John. Do better.
You are wrong. But you knew that, didn't you?
People don't plead the fifth unless they have something to hide. HRC aides given immunity and still plead the fifth. Part of the fix by AG.
Texans and all Americans care about Justice and Democracy. You my friend show us daily what you care about. #partyoverpolitics, #DonTheCon
So disappointed in your appalling lack of patriotism, Senator.  You are carrying water for the  most corrupt administration in history.
Isn't that his right under@the constitution?  Or do you want to take that away too?
....and this
This is what you're protecting when you tweet such untruths.
Why do you keep defending this crook?  Country over party!  Country over party.
They were hired by the Jeb Bush campaign how come you have not condemned Jeb yet? #SenatorHypocrite
Steele. That's who needs to testify. Is the POTUS raging tweetstorm this am not worrying you? It should. He's panicking. When will Cong act?
You don't seem to believe any of this, so why do you keep tweeting about it? We're sick of excuses and lies.
This is total BS, so it seems you are full of it
Straight from the Mike Flynn playbook. 
@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP are #Spineless Amebas! #PolitcalSpying by @POTUS44 on @POTUS was #Illegal Speak Up for LAW, Morals & Ethics
Are you really willing to lose everything for Trump?
That's what all you clowns will do whenever we get to question why you voted to repeal with Obama but won't pass same bill with Trump
And this is a surprise, how? Wake up Senator. Trump and his buddies are corrupt and we are taking notice. You may be gone in 20.
JohnCornyn we know @realDonaldTrump guilty. Trump went to Russia is fake news to can I pardon myself. Why would if want a pardon ? Guilty
@benjaminwittes this seems like a tick tick tick...
So much for transparency.
watch what Kushner, Don Jr, managing plead so sad @MSNBC @PoliticalDiscor
manafort
Remember what you say in insinuating guilt here . Going to say the same when trump and company start pleading the 5th?
The same company hired Natalia Veselnitskaya.
What would you do Senator if it is found that Trump or associates did collude with Russia? Would you and your Party still defend him? Asking
I want to know about Paul Manafort's laundering money & who Jr. met with.
Where are the Russian sanctions?
Are you really adding distractions to Trump's ties to Putin? Sad. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.
GOP reminding folks of dossier is not smart counter PR.
And your POTUS is trying to figure out how to pardon himself. You & the rest of the GOP refuse to do anything to defend our democracy!
@tedcruz @GregAbbott_TX   Let's have a townhall 2 discuss this. Bring Cruz & the bathroom monitor boys, too.
ITs probably not a good strategic choice to use the Russian dossier to go after Clinton, kind of like Marcia C. asking OJ to try on glove.
Q. Will Trump Jr. take the fifth before his in camera interview? Watch for it.
Maj whip 2 plead ignorance 4 supporting Trump while evidence mounts.
Nothing to say on Sessions, proven Russian collusion, or Kushner's never ending revisions to his disclosures and clearance forms? #SAD
You didn't seem upset when AG Sessions effectively did this when he still managed to perjure himself at least twice... Make up your mind.
You are the worst and worthless to Texans. Please take your Russia/pharma/insurance money and go away.
Talk about people with a hidden agenda refusing to answer up to it
Subpoena his emails to see exactly who he was talking to. #DrainTheSwamp
Quit wasting tax money and time. There is nothing there Mr Swamp Thing.
Foolish man. Bless your heart.
Well, hasn't most of the dossier come true? Why should they testify on sources and methods so you can go share that info with Trump??
There is NO Crime by Trump Campaign!

Flynn pleaded the Fifth too.
Kushner should not have security clearance. Sessions lied under oath and Trump is in bed with the Russians.
R u trying to defend trump and his collusion/treason? Cuz if u r, that and ur HC vote will be ur downfall!
Jeb Bush hired Steele as part of his oppo research. And no matter, proof is in the pudding with stream of evidence confirming the dossier.
Your only way out is to side with America. Hitching yourself to this admin will cause you to go down in flames too. Choose wisely.
Then he needs to sit in a jail cell for an attitude adjustment!
Senator, please don't cite Fox News. As a constituent, I'd like to know that you get your news from balanced sources. Fox does not qualify.
Following in the footsteps of Monica Goodling, Lt. Col. Oliver North and John Poindexter
mueller needs to be fired....russian investigation needs to be shut down.
U finally mention #45*/Russia, but no mention of 45 trying 2 pardon self. Flynn pleading the 5th? #texastownhall  #repeal&replacecornyn2020
Will you be laid off?
Guilty Cornyn
Republicans are in so deep with this situation now that many will go down with the ship. Looks like you've made your choice.
Looks like your running interference for our (likely guilty) POTUS. Are tax cuts/taking health care away more important than collusion?
#TraitorTrash
Which is their constitutional right. Correct?  Not admission of guilt  you're a lawyer??
How about that Susan Rice testimony got any information on that close door session?
You sir, will go down in history as being complicit with a Pathological Liar.  Enjoy your legacy
Steele owns Orbis Business Intel-not Fusion GPS. He delivered the dossier to John McCain (a real patriot) who then gave to FBI. Stop lying!
This retweet is why a growing number of your constituents consider you the epitome of party over country.
Now I know where there's smoke, there's fire.  Pleading the 5th is only done by the dodgy.
Fox news?  Buhahaha
If you think that people are gonna forget that you and the cowardly @GOP have kept Americans anchored to this corrupt admin-Rude awakening
He's too worried about turning over our voter data and ramping up police presence to help ICE.
We see a lot of you standing with the thieves and tweeting. Thinking about future higher office? Backing @POTUS killed that dream.
They are not the problem. Stay focused on what is in front of you. Trump and his team worked with the Russians to get him elected.
Then let's get Donald Jr and Manafort back on the docket.
This whole article proves what a mess this Russian thing is & how ridiculous it is that you don't make @potus take his part seriously
Grassley pleaded fifth for Manifort and Trump Jr. Not hearing them next week.
Shifting the focus from Trump just like Grassley. Thanks @Maddow for putting America on notice GOP would do this
It's all a big club, and you ain't in it. #DrainTheSwamp
Thank you, Senator. My Senator!
You and @ChuckGrassley are two of the few that seem to care about rule of law!
Proud to be a Texan!
Don't u have real work 2 do. Like looking out for constituents,  seeing that they have good hc options, good education
We know what you're trying to do John
Well, let's wait until AFTER Jr. and Manafort testify...We will see if they plead as well.
Seems to highlight @GOP has ZERO interest in dealing with Russian acts of war against United States and GOP treason cloud will not abate.
"But they did it too!" does not exonerate someone of a crime. IMO all of them should be locked up, and if you actually functioned...1/2
..as a proper 2nd branch of government you would DO YOUR JOB, investigate, prosecute, and remove. But no, crime is political now. Pathetic.
Unfortunately the truth about Fusion GPS-CIA intel connections will never see the light of day. It is a sordid tale.
Chuck  Grassley  and friends trying to discredit  the Russian  Probe & trying to blame  Democrats. UnAmerican ! !!!
WTH is YOUR opinion? We read this overselves. What do YOU think, or do you?
