Are we seeing the beginning of the big GOP split from POTUS? https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/896007893341700097 …
Have I missed your statement on #Charlottesville?
Lord, I can't wait to fire you and Cruz.
Your party is already synonymous with racism & bigotry. Nice unity ya got there. #Charlottesville
Really? I'm calling bull shit on that one!  Actually, I can say the same about all your other tweets. #TownHall
A call to whom for unity? You need to directly address those people wearing hats and carrying disgusting signs at a rally. They support YOU!
We want to see tangible anger coming from the GOP directly at these people support you. Tell them you don't want their vote. Man up.
Invoke the 25th. He is unwell and white supremacists are thanking him for what he said. Do you care about your constituents?
Good luck with that Cornhole.
The first GIF that pulls up for me when I type in cornhole is pretty spectacular .
The more I think about this, the more I'm entertained that your response was to gif cornhole in the first place, haha. 
I always hope they catch our cornhole's attention. Plus, they make me laugh. Tell me that one is not spectacular!
God I hope he paid attention to this little convo and secretly tried it out for himself.
Call out DT by name for what he is: a narcissistic bigot bereft of moral character. If you don't, you're no better than he is.
Do you still want unity with this vile, despicable "human" we have as president? It's time to move him out.
Naw John, you need 2 condemn the racist 45th POTUS & stand on right side of history.
let's see can't pass any major legislation they are loyal to the wrong people or business.  The splitt will be in the voting booth.
If you want to be re-elected you'll stand up to him and do what's right for the people of America, not Trump and his crooked cronies
Ted Cruz made a good statement today about the killing in VA. You remain quiet. Why? Trump is taking down the GOP.
Nazis rioting and chanting, "Russia is our friend!" while you continue to support a POTUS who won't even say the word, "Nazi." #Sycophant
Was that what the rally was all about in #Charlottesviille - uniting the right?
#coward
Standing by your white supremacist Dear Leader. You are no Christian. Shame!
Unite the right?
you better split if you want to get reelected
Y'all need to figure this out. I expect a fellow Texan to keep his word. #repealthesumbitch
@kherman Nah! Anyone who aligns w/ @POTUS as he emboldens White Supremacists needs to LEAVE OFFICE! You R part of the problem!!
Sign the censure legislation.
As in #UniteTheRight? Oops! Surely not.
@kherman Might want to check the news from today before you hug the *President to you too tightly.
Split from him. He is not worth it. Let Republicans of principle move on.
TOO BAD.  I THOUGHT MAYBE THERE WAS ACTUALLY SOME INTEGRITY IN SOME REPUBLICANS.
There should be no unity with white supremacy. Esp not in our WH. Your silence on this specificity is complicity.
Reach out with love for all Americans
That's the prob. The #GOP does nada about the embarrassment of 45 and his WH full of racists & bigots. So U are complicit. It's unbelievable
Too bad John the Donald will hang the gop
President Trump should use executive order to remove 75% tax assistance congress gets for O care. You and McConnell would get 51 vote then.
So POTUS shaming & name calling is a 'call for unity' 
Unity with who?
John Cornyn #worstsenatorever well, maybe 2nd worst, we always have #TedCruz
Yeah fucken right, stop talking like you've been there !
Will you make a "call for unity" disavowing the white supremacist rally at UVA or do you support them? How about unity with North Korea?
Trump is the final nail in your coffin.
@kherman Good luck unifying with your POTUS 
We, the People, have placed you in a unique position based upon your promises.  @SenateGOP +@POTUS =get 'er done!



https://finance.yahoo.com/news/house-gop-budget-ignores-trump-090000741.html …





Yep...this is our president. #shameful
Trump to the Governor of Guam: "I can say this: Your tourism. You're going to go up, like, tenfold." http://bit.ly/2vNK6AM  
Let's unify around throwing this incompetent bum out, along with those that endorsed him.
Translation: Cornyn's still got his lips firmly planted on Trump's fat ass
A call for your statement on N Korea. Do you have anything sane to say? When are your daughters & the Trump hyenas enlisting?
@kherman are you still stumping for Trump Senator?
Pls bring a true leader , the current POTUS is dangerous to everyone
Changes coming in 2020 Senator.
Oh, unity! Wow! What a concept! Hey, did you know that Dems are actually Americans, too? Could you unify with them maybe?
As a former Republican, I can say that John has lost his love for America and democracy. He was, past tense, a man of honor. He lost path.
If unity, I haver serious questions about the mentality of the GOP.
You need to get on board and PROMOTE HIS AGENDA
"Naw"?
So, you want to UNITE, with the maniac in the WH?  It must be so, 'cause u are not uniting w/ constituents.
So have you guys been taking $$ from Russia, or not? You know, the Russ. PAC.
Yes unite to a conservative agenda like we want. Stop obstructing with your moderate views
POTUS is out for one person and one person only. .himself . Pacifying  him to get your horrible agenda passed is spineless.GROW A SPINE
Unity comes, Senator, when 65 Million Americans see PROOF of your support for @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Can you tell us this B.S. at a #TownHall please?
I'm Standing with President Trump because he's fighting for our Country, Republican leaders don't have back bone
yes Ken. a split is inevitable..,pay no need to the  Trump administrations apologist in chief
heed

If @GOP didn't support #Traitors & #Russia their approval ratings might be better & might not be losing so many seats in state elections
You afraid to have someone answer your phones now? I'm still trying to see if you have guts for a townhall. At least Cruz & Poe say no
So, you are going down with the sinking ship & taking us with you. Thanks
unite in hate!!!
Those who don't split from this crazy man will be voted out if he doesn't get us all killed first.
Naw John, you're seeing a quickening GOP train wreck and Dems organizing like never before- get this madman out of the WH -25th Amenment NOW
A call for unity?  To do what?  More lackluster leadership for America?  We will vote all of you out. Dems as well. Bye bye
So you're ok with inflammatory, unhinged language Trump is using re N Korea?  Good to know. Hope we all live long enough to vote against you
Darn.  I thought you were getting wise... If you are going to be dumb you better be tough
Gallup approval ratings

Obamacare: 53%
Trump: 36%
Really John? If you were smart & decent human you'd be calling for #25A right now. @realDonaldTrump unfit & possibly loony
Naw John .... Naw
Unity?  I think you misspelled fealty.
If you're smart, you'll distance yourself.
It doesn't appear to us (Texans) that way. Your primary's will be soon. Get some work done.
Unity against the American people... your voters
If Russia connections doesn't call for a split or 22 million losing healthcare..maybe our next election will...too bad Cronyn not up in 2018
Aw naw! Hell naw! Man, y'all done up and done it!
Yup, party over country every time.
Y'all gonna put politics aside and get to work?
or will this just be more "same old, same old."
Yes, grab for the coattails of the p*ssy grabber. There is no shame in that, right? Heirarchical unity above humanity, always. Natural @GOP
You wouldn't know unity if it kicked you in the teeth. You are a divisive person at your core.
A call for leadership that will do what the citizens who elected them to do the job. Time for new leadership including you.
Unity for what?
GOP needs to put #CountryOverParty & work w the Dems or this country will dive further into a dictatorship. Remember--WE can FIRE U ALL
I think a split would be in the country's best interest.

You need to be voted out in 2020. I'll help your opponent. You don't care about us. We should unite against @realDonaldTrump
Unity?  Can you even define it?
Tell McCain to give up his seat to a Conservative, then we might have a chance for unity
I'm pretty sure that wasn't a call for unity. The president is spewing all sorts of dangerous and destructive rhetoric. GOP must stop him.
Hey John, are you united in your support of trump's universally reckless statements on North Korea? So you support nuclear war?
You really should split with POTUS. He has none of our interests at heart. None. He thanked Putin for expelling our diplomats.
John Cronyn has gotten nothing done in all his time in Washington. Maybe what we need is a civil war in GOP to find out where party stands
Bullies don't tolerate diversion; must maintain the Trump delusion.
Can you also call for sanity from potus please?
How can you possibly unite under an insane president? Your constituents will not forgive these last few months.
Unity with an illegitimately-elected president who is in deep with our greatest global foe? Texans see you, John.
Get something done then dammit
Good luck with that one. LOL
I stand with our PRESIDENT not the GOP! Let's get that straight.
You got it backwards, John.
 The WH can't even get unified.
John, dig your head out of the sand...
IT'S TIME YOU ALL BACK  OUR PRESIDENT! We're of politicians getting nothing done! Back or prepare to go. I've always voted 4U, not again.
U should be ashamed to call for unity with a whackjob like Chump. Are all GOPs like Chump?
Yeah, people loyal to Trump have been richly rewarded... Sessions McConnell Manafort Christie ect
Unity towards conservative goals is great. Unity towards more spending and bigger government, no so much.
I hope so, the elitist need to retire & get out of the way as they are the obstructionists! So out of touch with the American people!
Lost cause. Trump doesn't do unity. You don't know that yet?
Sir, how is what's going on a call for unity? Plz elaborate because it does not appear to be.
How does John Cornyn get people to vote for him? Literally the worst.
Low voter turnout.
Sad work for your lobbyists.
Like rats from a sinking ship.
Are you going to have any open #TownHalls? So we your constituents can voice our opinions!
I'm not a bot, I'm a concerned Texan that's going to keep asking for our voices to be heard
#vetoBeto
All you had to do was stay in DC and work then you wouldn't have to allow Dems another victory..
when someone lies and betrays others it is time to move on   country before party!
Why would you block Trump's recess appointments and still go on vacation?
Too many ugly factions in what once was the Republican Party.
Just remember; everything Trump touches, dies. 

cc: @TheRickWilson
No you are confusing Trump with Hillary. Her people die mysteriously
Bless your heart, pumpkin.
total victory is ours the day we realize that Trump, the world peace candidate is EASY to market to DNC slaves as well.
Unity against Trump? That would be okay.
So nothing about N Korea? Nothing to your constituents? We're concerned!!! 78240
Ditto here in 78130. Don't give a damn about the wall or tax cuts for the rich. Rein in this insanity of threatening war on Twitter.
Then why does leadership continue to push back on issues that are simply better for Americans?
Naw, John. Your current party is a disgrace.
That's also called a split
I don't think you guys ever came on board tho .. 
Seems like more time is devoted to Mexico's interest instead of OUR interests these days .. 
Mexico gets to keep NAFTA while we are forced to keep Obamacare .. there's something I am definitely not getting obviously .. 
LOL ok Pepaw. I think maybe you've lost touch with what's going on around you.
He thinks he has a life long job in DC
Only until 2020.

Yep.  Status quo working out great for y'all.
