You're taking away our healthcare but tweeting this? #DIVERTING? #Stopahca instead AND hold a townhall with us! Address what we care about!
Guarantee none will lose health coverage You will NOT cut medicaid You will NOT include tax breaks to the rich Preexisting conditions ok
We are not a communist/socialist society.  Provide for yourself.
What is a socialist society to you ? Some  bad word a politician taught you? Look it up before repeating fake ideology THINK
Ultimately its about where our tax $$$ go Tax cuts for rich or to our healthcare and infrastructure Stop the communism ideology bullcrap
The money belongs to the people and companies that earned it. Government programs are not the solution.
I'd rather my $$$ go to healthcare guarantee than to tax cuts for the rich Trickle-down is what created this mess we're in.Look at the facts
#fakenews why do you keep RTing this rag?
You're in Oregon, what do you care what a Texas Senator shares?
Becauase the laws passed in DC effect the Whole country not just Texas that is why
That is exactly why"national" health care is a bad thing, this is a state level issue.
Why? Do people's needs for health care differ from state to state? Sick in CA seems to me no different from sick in TX.
If a state sees abortion as bad then forcing it on them is wrong.  Our founders got this, so the Constitution left such things to states.
Except Rs don't really care about local control. Everytime a city passes a liberal ordinance, conservative state govts step in and regulate.
Your confused. CA voters passed a referendum on bathroom use and the liberal courts overturned it. That's a liberal tack not coservitive.
Good to see you reading the Washington Post and not referring to it as Fake News. #babysteps
http://www.npr.org/sections/alltechconsidered/2016/11/23/503146770/npr-finds-the-head-of-a-covert-fake-news-operation-in-the-suburbs … http://niemanreports.org/authors/jestin-coler/ … Really interesting info re: creating and using fake news.
Thank you so much for posting this!!
Thanks, now whatcha gonna do about it Senator? Any ideas?
Even Texans living in big cities believe D.C. IS OUT OF TOUCH & doesn't care about concerns of middle class & working poor!
Please read the article, you will learn that rural anger towards urban areas is more about racial animosity & white identity than economics
In cities, you have to get along with all sorts of people who don't look or believe like you. Where's that story?
Disagree about deep cultural divide. Folks out here want the same that every American wants: honesty, integrity, healthcare #ShowUsTheBill
my fave part: "Joseph Cloward, 27, a high school teacher in the border town of Roma, Tex., said he voted for Clinton" #stopsuggestingwehate
That's not unusual in Roma, Tx, along the Rio Grande Valley its highly Democratic area

When you Republican do-nothings take health care away from both rural and urban Americans, then we'll all have something in common.
Quick call Kennedy.  Tell him not to go to Dallas.
Texas, being a fairly realistic microcosm of the nation, would be a great place for a senator to bridge that divide. What are your plans?
Who drives the wedge for better ratings & political advantage? Rightwing media & GOP capitalize on animosity toward urban racial minorities
I moved for school and opportunity, and find Houstonians are pretty awesome on balance. Not so different, really. We're all making a living.
Where is the healthcare bill, Senator? Let it out of the box y'all are hiding it in.
And in other news water is wet and grass is green.  This has been the narrative for a long time rural folk hate city dwellers and vice versa
This is the America you and the tea party created   The hate you all encouraged based on lies about Obama You could not put country 1st
Jesus, no shit. What century are you from?stop making the divide worse!
Hi, I'm a rural liberal, and your constituent. 
And what are you doing for your rural constituents. Rural hospital funds cut. Medicaid cut. Food stamps cut.
Ya think? With racists like u & thump?
What about the #Secret #TaxBreak your working on to replace #ObamaCare?
What are you doing to correct the differences in perception between these two groups and unite the country in peace and love?
how do you think they are going to feel about you after the AHCA causes rural hospitals to close?
And throws elderly people out of nursing homes & cause 50% of children to have no healthcare insurance? #ShowUsTheBill
You are one of the people feeding that "divide." Like you care enough to do anything to bridge it. 
It would be nice if you and your friend stopped exploiting that divide and those fears for political gain
One day you say Wapo is guilty of sharing leaked news and the next it suits your political agenda to share their stories. Hypocrite.
An interesting study.  As 1/2 of the representation of an extremely large, diverse state what are your proposed solutions to reunite us?
This isnt news. Rural people are sheep. Urban people arent. And WAY more people live in urban areas.
Stand with the President!
Read back over your own Tweets. Almost everything you write is blaming someone else for why you don't do your job.
Partly because they are being PLAYED by politicians like you and Trump to feel that way.
Trump budget ‘fails agriculture and rural America’
Rural America and farm sector to take a hit with Trump's budget plan
The Trump Budget’s Massive Cuts to State and Local Services and Programs | Center on Budget and Policy Priorities
#captainobvious
This passes as a deep thought for you, huh? If you spent more time listening to your constituents you wouldn't be surprised.
Would you care to do something to address this problem?
As someone who represents both u have a rsponsibility to bridge that partisan divide rather than widen it. Wd like to see that more from u.
Rise above and be a uniter, Senator. Please hear ALL of your constituents. You are supposed to represent ALL of us.
Every politician or "news" commentator who selfishly exploits such divisions is to blame for the demise of civility.
what is your take on this trend? @MSNBC @indtx36 @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible @indivisibleATX
Hasn't that always been the case? This is not new news.
And what are you doing to try to bridge that gap? Nothing, it would appear
hold a hearing on healthcare.
the divide between urbanites and rural America is clearly illustrated in the comments section of this article.
Are you proposing a course of action to bring America together?   If not, forwarding an article provides no value ... kinda like you.
Both want Healthcare and the AARP does not want your plan! Is this really much different? Rural vs urban? Different needs wants
Please start supporting our President and getting things done!
I can see that...
that's why gerrymandering urban precincts w/ rural is nuts. Everyone loses.
Isolation of change w/n society -
Native, rural,  50 + Texas constituents who identify, empathize with urban America. Be aware, John. You do not represent all of us.
Stop making it worse then!!! Stop sabotaging the ACA & fund CSRs #ShowUsTheBill #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
"Will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?" Senator @clairecmc asked today in the Finance Cmte. You should watch: #Trumpcare 
But everyone, rural or urban, needs great healthcare. Show us the bill!
And you represent people in both rural and urban America, John, though you wouldn't know it from the glee you take in exploiting divisions
@JohnCornyn @tedcruz I remember when I had good health insurance.  Let's get health care done! #RepealAndReplace
Yep - and you, your lack of willingness to have a real dialogue and the Koch brothers are at the pointy end of the spear causing it.
If you'd hold a town hall you wouldn't need to rely on press, you could see it first hand.

Love how u pick & choose what is real Or fake
Fascinating, thank you for sharing.
I thought WaPo was fake news, so then this story is fake, unless it fits your agenda? 
What are you doing to help repair that divide?
It's Sunday and Father's Day, John. You think for just one day you can ease off spewing divisive, partisan stuff? No?
My farmer friends in rural Waller County are super worried that you'll take their health insurance away. Maybe show them the bill?
Not exactly new information, even if it's a new poll.  Read the history of the Wizard of Oz.
What is sad is all the comments on the article from people who live in the city. They validate why Trump won.
I wonder why?? Propaganda much?
Captain Obvious johnny on the spot! Yet refuse to see the obvious liar/raitor? Did he funnel Russian $ to you?
Let's have a town hall in a location = distance from urban & rural areas & talk about it. Tell us how secret HC bill will help us all.
Rural and urban Americans can agree that you need to show us the healthcare bill.
I will bet you are deeply concerned about rural hospitals under the healthcare dilemma NOT. Let's see that bill, senator.
SHOCKING
the divide is with GOP corruption and you are causing it
Thank you, Captain Obvious. Now where's the healthcare bill?
Revealing GOP Senate health care bill - & how GOP congress works - and legislative agenda could b a start 4 Maj Whip @ townhall meetings.
Aka sheltered, scared white people who have never bothered to meet people different from themselves. That's not a "culture" needing respect
Ok. What are you doing, Maj Whip, 2 limit the divide? Townhalls in Texas cities & towns could be an answer. Where's your schedule 4 them?
What are your views Senator?  How do you plan to help us overcome the divide?
Yeah and the more people get civilized and educated, the less Republicans will get elected

Cool stuff where's the bill? When do the hearings start? What's the markup time? How long is the amendment period?
