Just a reminder, listen to your constituents instead of condemning them and you MIGHT have a clue how to vote appropriately.
Have public hearings, use the committee process and get 60 votes instead of this dead of night, underhanded bullshit.
Agreed.  I am a conservative and I will vote you out if you repeal and replace with crap.
Just a reminder you are up for reelection..we see what a brown nose you are..
Who controls those houses, Senator? #SkinnyRepeal #Obamacare #DrainTheSwamp

Yes, we get it. We're going to be knifed in the back by Republicans in both houses!
NAME ONE QUOTE OF THE HISTORICAL JESUS THAT SUPPORTS YOUR POLITICAL AGENDA.  YOU CAN'T. YOU DON'T FOLLOW THE TEACHINGS, YOU AREN'T CHRISTIAN
Please just stop hurting us. Just STOP. Fix the ACA, John. Your constituents hate your position. 77401
And if it gets to the House and passes, you and your Republican friends will own it. Kiss your jobs good-bye.
Congress could have spent month of August balancing budget, cutting taxes, shrinking government. Instead vacationed on our dime
Why didn't you have this revelation earlier? Idiot who puts party over country.
Mr Cornyn, you have proved you care for nobody but yourself.
Oh wow. Already threatening obstructionism. That didn't take long
You say this after allowing 2 hrs total for debate? Ridiculous that we have to be heard by other states' senators.
Imagine you got that reminder this morning.
more honestly, the advise and consent of the sponsoring lobbyist.
To bad @GOP voters don't know that.
Is that why your brave colleagues were making sure the bill wouldn't pass in the House before they supported it ?  #lying #hypocrite #gop
I'm almost tired of being a republican.
Enough is enough, John. I thank @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins for  representing me. 77401 constituent.
WE CAN VOTE HIM OUT 2018.
Just a reminder you should know what is in the bill.  It should be debated in the open.
Exactly but if one house cannot pass anything then nothing becomes a law.  So what is the plan now given RINOS switching vote to no?
YOU KNOW YOU CAN HAVE THAT NAME CHANGED.  YOU LOST.  AMERICANS DIDN'T WANT REPUBLICAN PLAN (17%). YOU SAY GOD BUT U AREN'T GODLY.
Don't let Trump sabotage the ACA, make Big Pharma lower prices, start process for Medicare for all. Then you'd redeem yourself.
Who are u reminding? Your president?
You are a weak senator. Repeal the damned thing and let us choose what is appropriate for us as individuals and families. You knucklehead!
Tell @realDonaldTrump
And the #gop in both houses couldn't legislate themselves out of a paper bag. #useless #spineless #grifters
You should send that video to Trump.
Just a reminder, the coalition of catholic nuns called this bill a death bill and not prolife. Glad it's dead - political capital spent!
You've got to be kidding. This is not normal and not funny.
Just get out of the medical business. It is a vote buying ploy just like welfare.
Has the @GOP healthcare bills caused you to forget what the normal legislative process looks like?
Just remember the @POTUS has to sign it regardless of what both houses agree on. He just might say No to something Congress want in future
Reminder: if you don't really want a bill to become law, then you can vote no too. #WhyDidWeVoteForYou?
Just a reminder, it's your job as Majority Whip to make sure your bill has the necessary support before going to a vote.
just a reminder,a bill should be read before a vote,a bill should be published in time for Americans to read, a bill should have a CBO score
Here is a reminder for you...we will vote you out! Start looking for a new job! Such an embarrassment to Texas & US!
Just a reminder, SINGLE PAYER is the only way forward. Stop screwing ppl trying to remove decent HC John, do your job helping ppl not the 1%
No shit Sherlock! So if the senate passes the skinny repeal it goes back to the house. If they pass it, it becomes law! F..kin' Einstein.
Did you really just "remember" this?
Aren't you the smart one you neocon, progressive fake conservative politician in every way. Lies and more lies from Cornyn
Then why did some say they would go along only if it would NOT pass in the house. Politicians are so devious
This just dawned on you, senator? You're reminding yourself!
You weren't elected to pass the buck.

I've read the constitution more than once, John. Of interest to me at the moment is the emoluments clause.

Yep - and you *almost* sent a horrible bill to the House with the *hope* they would not agree to it
 duh
Just a reminder-I'm a constituent and I vote and I have a very long memory. I fully intend to fire you.
2018 Vote them OUT
Both are worthless and can't deliver. The 3 Republican RINOs have to go.
And the point is ... ?
Shame on you for voting on denying healthcare to our most vulnerable. You are on the wrong side of history
When a real leader fails...he owns it. It was a bad bill. Now drop repeal and work with Dems like we elected you to do. #doyourjob
Repeal ACA as promised.
Just a reminder: attempting a closed-door end run on the process with no debate isn't the best approach.
#FailureFriday  Quit already, we need some one who represents all of us not just the right wing
Another reminder...John McCain is a traitorous dirtbag.
You should probably watch this again... you clearly don't know how to do your job.
How bills actually become laws
#DrainTheSwamp You have been in D.C. a long time. You talk a great game. But, we still have open borders for example. What have you done?
Do your job and work with the dems. to fix the ACA.
Hey congrats Sen. 28 percent approval rating. Great job on the skinny - you and your teary eyed 'leader.'
Thank goodness there were three responsible republicans last night. Shame on the rest of you!
Don't insult us with "we promise it won't pass as is". #emptypromise #closeddoortactics
How much $$$ did you get from your Pimps to vote to take health care access from millions of Americans.
You're being condescending. You think we're mad because we don't know how this works? We're mad because it seems like YOU don't.
Tonight three brave Republicans put country over party. You were NOT one of them. Texas will remember.
Ensure that Donny Trump sees this video. Have someone around to explain the big words to him.
And John McCain must agree too.
Empty your voicemail box.  I want to tell you that you are a loser and I hate that you are my senator.
What say ye now Cornball? Majority Whipped Cream @JohnCornyn
So much for a Republican majority in the Senate making America great again.
Just a reminder: by passing a terrible bill through one part of Congress it becomes possible to pass it through both.
That makes it ok for you to vote yes-cuz maybe it won't pass the House? Shame on u! Reminder- a blue wave is coming.
So where's the discussion and debate?
Just a reminder you all work for America
Well, pretty obvious you and McConnell can't accomplish a thing. You guys will step down today, right?
Just a reminder, if a piece of legislation is bad then a representative shouldn't support it
You and your colleagues are absolutely thorough failures.
Last night was the 9/11of the current GOP Congress.  Mr Cornyn you should expect Texas to clean house. Bring on the primarys!
Yes JohnCon it does, so you & MitchCon & ConDon need to get over your sabotage & hate for America & Am people & do the RIGHT thing for all!
School House Rock, college, tutorials on governance, yes, please.
Just a reminder: you said “don’t worry about house bill, pass it we’ll fix it in senate” and looks like you deleted that. Will you X this?
Senator, it was a secret deal, it hurt millions, it would destroy rural hospitals, please fix it. Consider successful healthcare globally!
Could you be any more condescending? How about you hold a town hall and we'll remind you who you work for - hint it's us 'we the people'.
Why would u have to remind anyone of that Johnny? TrumpCare begone....
Now go back and repair the so called Obamacare ( what Clinton called it in 2008) and rename it Trumpcare. Hard to do without a strong POTUS!
That doesn't excuse your bad behavior. Voters will remember in 2020. I'll be voting for nearly anyone but you.
Unlike the pinky swear you guys tried earlier this week?
Thank GOD!
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-jr-s-meeting-with-russian-lawyer-was-about-sanctions-financier-tells-senate-panel/ …  Just a reminder...your behavior on the committee is looking all the more inappropriate as time goes by.
You're such a condescending twit willing to sign anything to claim a win. Step up and lead for your constituents or step down.
You & the rest of the despicable Rethuglicans will be remembered 4 ur vote last night. We WILL NOT forget!
Clearly, you and Ted will have zero ideas on how to move forward. Sadly Texas will have to sit out a process that can meet the nation's need
Not now for this skinny repeal. And not when you're up for reelection. You or @tedcruz #Bye
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP @JohnCornyn @tedcruz @Scaramucci @POTUS @SenateMajLdr  Senator Cornyn, First you need to have a plan which sells
What that a lesson for trump
But to vote yes on a shell that you don't want to become law is just partisan stupidity
Thanks for breaking it down for us poor slobs. When is the part where you actually listen to Texans instead of working for McConnell & Trump
Why did you vote to raise my premiums by 20%?!   Why are you trying to make healthcare WORSE?!?
Just a reminder, the GOP is done.
just a reminder, don't gloat until you've successfully kicked millions of Americans off their insurance #KilledtheBill
Thanks for the civics lesson. Now, go pack for your next luxury weekend with your bosses, the Kochs
Oooops!
Look at the bright side you just got money for your HATE WALL that we don't need. I hope one day you can be a man and not bow down to 45.
Just a reminder, Congress is all R, there is an R madman in the WH, the entire world is watching & laughing and you are tweeting BS. RESIGN.
Unfortunately nothing ever passed the Senate. Inept bunch.
You should have sent this to @realDonaldTrump before he had the ceremony in Rose Garden with House of Reps.
Yeah, I watched Schoolhouse Rock too, Senator.
Right, because @SpeakerRyan and the rest of the @HouseGOP won't trip all over themselves to pass a monstrosity that benefits their 1% base.
You are a terrible senator...I hope you get voted out soon
Happily, skinny didnt make it. Made my morning when i seen it fall flat

Go home, John. Oh wait, they hate you in Texas, too.
Term limits.
Cornyn, did you take note of the part about the ppl telling their Congressman what they want? It sure don't seem like u did.

Have I missed news of large groups of protests all over the country FOR your bill? Why do Rs com to us to ignore the ppl? #YouWorkForUs
Full repeal NOW! Do not replace! Get out of OUR healthcare!!
just a reminder that good triumphs over evil like it did tonight. Guess which side you were on?
The People are the master of congress, & the Constitution. May the Lord speedily replace all who hate & oppose Him His will His laws N Jesus
Maybe you should have watched that sooner #cornygoals
Cornyn, rejoice. Tonight, you were saved from own folly.
I can't  afford insurance. I don't care anymore. Having to pay a penalty for that doesn't help my situation any.
EPIC FAIL by Republicans!  Does McCain think he be dead before re-election? Tell the traitors that conservatives WILL send them to the trash
History will remember how little "courage" you showed the last week.
Thanks for NOTHING Cornyn. Nov 2018 you are toast!
How about having Texas accept the Medicaid expansion?
John, McConnell got 49 votes despite his president spending the week setting his own pants on fire. It’s Trump’s fail
Just a reminder: midterms are coming
I am glad Congress is struggling with this. It is a hard thing and should not be done in haste. I wish both parties would work together.
You just kissed your job goodbye !!
U know @JohnCornyn U really don't care about the people instead of UR Good Ole Boy deals to make U money.  That's why it's No 4 U in 2020.
You should have thought about that when you excluded the Dems from the process
Just a reminder, a terrible bill that harms millions of Americans to facilitate tax cuts for the wealthy is likely to be very unpopular.
Another reminder, awful Senators who vote for terrible bills can expect to hear from their angry constituents.
So far its not in agreement under your standards

https://www.senateconservatives.com/post/3585 
Just a reminder, you're the biggest liar in the Senate and you just got STOMPED
AHAHAHAHAHA OWNED PENDEJO
After McCain came on floor, he spoke to Cornyn, who appeared upset, turned around and gave a thumbs down to Daines.
Just a reminder, @SenJohnMcCain requires the upmost respect by both houses of Congress and the nation.
Just a reminder - if you had bothered to involve more than 12 GOP white men to come up with a new bill we might have a bipartisan answer
Ha. Failed.
But first it has to pass the senate. #resign
Suddenly you remind folks how bills r passed? You couldn't remember authorities of house spkr. Thanks for the lesson, but no thanks Cronyn.
Congratulations on your loss.  Maybe next time you will listen when wise old men like McCain hand out advice.
