In 2014, John Cornyn claimed to have integrity. I guess all things change with time.
he receives money from telecom companies to vote against your privacy
Turnabout is fair play
Ah, the halcyon days of 2013, before the GOP refused to hold hearings on the Merrick Garland nomination.
@ddsmith3388 John, people change minds! You changed you mind when you decided to drop Texas for the Trumptrain.
If nuclear option was good for dem's, it's good for the Republicans also
@SenSchumer He was for it before he was against it. #hypocrisy
then the republicans absolutely refused to hold an up or down vote on merrick garland. What's your point?
why do you read @dcexaminer? Russian propaganda rag
- could you possibly be more of a hypocrite? How do you tweet something like this? Have you no morals, or ethics?
And then he took the  2013 - 2016 GOP master class in obstruction. Don't like it when your own tactics are used against you?
The people don't want Gorsuch.  The Dems are doing their jobs, representing their voters.  You should try it.
was the current President under FBI investigation?  Nope, so things aren't the same.  I vote in Tx
and so why didn't the house vote on healthcare?  Dems we're ready to vote.
that was before u asshats rewrote the play book! He's now following ur rules! Payback is hell!
Yep, that was 2013.  You Republicans taught us well.  #garlandnotgorsuch #stolenseat
Read an actual newspaper. Not @dcexaminer .
When will you care about Trump/Russia scandal?  I am a constituent.
you should have done the up or down vote that you wanted for Garland...
YOUR SOCIAL MEDIA SERF IS HORRIBLE, either that or you fail to understand that half your constituents don't agree!
Why are @GOP always so hypocritical?History shows us how they handle being in power!
@dcexaminer
Keep tweeting!! Your political hypocrite rhetoric is material for your opponent's campaign advertising!
Vote down then 75089 Texas Voter
that was before you all denied Garland a hearing.
The Dems are just following your lead - Repubs  are leaders, right?
That was before #MerrickGarland. You pooped in the bed. You can't un-poop it now. So nuke the filibuster - if you dare..
I Sound familiar? Point a finger @ someone and 3 fingers point back at you. Think "bi-partisan," to truly serve us.
So you conveniently remember this and forget your 9 months of obstruction? Nice try.
I can't believe the audacity. It's amazing
Agree! They could own their actions but they act like it never happened! They'd have more street cred if they did
Nice try at deflection, but no cigar. Not all of your constituency have dementia. Jury still out on you though....
Before R's unprecedented stance on Garland. Time of nomination, Obama approval rate 3/16/16, 50%, Trump's rating 1/31/17, 43%.
Yeah, it's as if something drastic must have happened between now and then to make him change. Weird.
receives money from telecom companies to vote against your privacy.
Maybe if you had agreed on a vote for Garland.
Schumer is a joke and not a very funny joke either. He's like a knock knock joke.
Ancient history that became irrelevant after the Republican stunt of blocking any vote on Merrick Garland.
Like stolen property, a stolen SCOTUS seat must be returned to its rightful owner...Merrick Garland.
Righteous indignation does not sit well with someone that spent 8 years as obstructionist.
Dems are hypocrites
repubs obstructed bigly!
two words: Merrick Garland
@susancrabtree right that's what you do-Obstruct
Hey John - I'm a constituent - you guys are polling around 17% Approval Rating...Trump isn't doing ya'll any favors
Hey John - remember how Mitch wouldn't even hold hearings for Obama's SCOTUS nomination?
Hey John your short term memory seems to be going...remember Mitch's call to obstruct all of Obama's actions?
Obstruction?  Seriously? American public deserves GOP to represent them demand Nunes recuse and stop his obstruction
Lord Almighty, you are the worst kind of hypocrite. Does the name Merrick Garland sound familiar? #senatorfail
Things change when the Republican Party refuses to respect a Presidental nomination and not hold a hearing on Merrick Garland.
that was before you obstructed for 8 years. Boldly declaring you would not allow 44 a thing including Garland. FRAUD
so what are YOU doing about it?
bold approach, call out others hypocrisy by highlighting your own. I like it.
a filibuster is not the same as what you allowed the Rs to do to Garland.
I don't want a treasonous president appointing anyone to SCOTUS.
That was before you stole the seat !!!
don't hate the player, hate the game
2013? Was that before Merrick Garland's nomination?
Republicans held up vote that never happened on Merrick Garland so don't talk to Democrats about obstruction.
remember when Rs vowed in Nov to block Clinton appointee for her entire presidency? #hypocrisy
Questioning the validity of a post nominated by an administration under FBI investigation isn't 'obstruction.' It's patriotism.
@real_pat_henry @dcexaminer @txbman Schumer is a swamp RAT
what about republicans? Or are you a hypocrite? Merrick Garland!
And where was the up-and-down vote on Garland?
u r such a hypocrite. U obstructed Obama for 8 yrs.  I am one of your constituents. I have a long memory.
The minority party always uses filibuster, and the majority party always opposes it. Stop being dense.
Really???? Merrick Garland!!! GOP obstruction and hypocrisy!!!!
Well Schumer is a clown so.
I don't think you have any place to comment on obstruction.  Seeing as yours was the party of obstruction
It's your playbook dude.
things change John.  You can't expect to get what you are unwilling to give.
Refresh my memory on obstruction, what was your vote on Garland again?  
<--- in 2016 to hell with the constitution no hearing for Garland.  #cowardcornyn makes his own rules do you kiss w/lying lips?
Schumer is causing as much trouble as Harry Reid did. Both in politics 4 themselves. Stupid ppl keep them in ofc.
Of course they did, then they got a taste of @GOP bullshit with Garland, of did you forget that?  Reap what you sow
Schumer MUST resign after his Bizzare behavior @nyc eatery! We live n a Democracy-he is not representative of that
looking forward to an honest & bipartisan investigation by the Committee into Russian interference.
1st, stop talking about Dem obstructionism for SCOTUS nominee til a year is up. Then the R's & D's will be equal.
Slow down, John. It's hard to focus on this when Russia is on the minds of your constituents. Comments?
Schumer is Harry Reid 2.0
Not even having a hearing on Dems nominee is obstruction to the MAX.  Repubs are a joke and can't even agree w/selfs
Merrick Garland...
You hypocrite. Do not cry obstruction when that has been all the GOP has been about for 8 years
Why tweet your whining when you could be meeting with Schumer to talk things over?
quit being such a crooked politician!!!
Bob Dylan sang, the times they are a changing.
Interesting, since the GOP had no problem just completely halting the flow of appointments and denying a nominee even a hearing.
Also, I'll repeat myself yet again: NO VOTES ON NOMINEES UNTIL AFTER AN INDEPENDENT COMMISSION INVESTIGATES RUSSIA TIES.
That was before they got schooled on #MerrickGarland 101 by @GOP More #GOPHypocrisy
that was said while your party was rewriting the book on obstructionism. Welcome to the world of turnabout.
these assholes change their rhetoric with the wind.
right, but then in 2016 you refused to give a perfectly good candidate the respect of a hearing, much less a vote. Deal w it.
i must have missed the Garland hearings...hmm.
How about we make sure the administration responsible for a lifetime appointment didn't #TrumpRussiaCollusion?
Personal responsibility+ bit of humility + mea culpa would serve you, & entire GOP, well. Until then, tit for tat.
- you need a new social media mgr. Tedious. Perhaps Cruz losing seat will jolt u into reality. Bipartisanship not one-way st
@JudsonMcCulloch @dcexaminer He's just a conniving, lying bastard
DOWN.
i think the term is resistance these days
That was before you stonewalled #MerrickGarland. Your constituents are NOT stupid John!
& the republicans responded with obstruction.  so, is your point you were wrong and Garland should be on the SCOTUS?
When it comes to Dems they say something and do something. Most hypocrites of any politicians.
Yes, before your unprecedented doucebaggery related to Merrick Garland.  Now, reap the dysfunction you've sown.
when I think of @SenSchumer the lyrics "greasy grimy gopher guts, mutilated monkey butts" come to mind
...to fill this vacancy. - John Cornyn

Like you, I'm willing to wait until the NEXT president, too.
your posts really do demonstrate the principle of 'It's OK If You're A Republican.'
just carry the R and all is ok
ONLY when it's their (Dems) side that needs the votes...
Obstruct Gorsuch nomination ! We want @GarlandSCOTUS
Schumer is a proven liar, as are most Democrats/Socialist/Marxists!
The only way to empower the American people and ensure they have a voice is for the next President to make the nomination...
Fair enough. But Gorsuch is too extreme -- and that for 30+ years. Wrong guy.
Ruth is too extreme as well.
Give me an example of her extremism.
provide a case where she sided with conservatives.
So you don't have an argument. You just know you're not supposed to like her.
u could not give me one example either huh.
Let's focus on what you do to improve tx economy, environment and healthcare? 
Why r u always diverting from work?
@dcexaminer
Your tactics created a new reality. Your actions have consequences... This is a stolen seat. There should be no vote
just keep on tweeting this insanity.  @tedcruz will lose his seat next year, and then we are coming for you.
- GOP Party No put partisan BS B4 OUR COUNTRY Country was in deep fincrisis; GOP obstruction ADDED 2 crisis
Before Kremlin takeover of White House
Where was the 'up or down vote' on Judge Garland?
Your party would not even meet or hold hearings w/Garland.  Okay to go year w/ just 8. Why the rush now?
Please stop sending me form letters patting yourself on the back for doing such a good job!
.@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer Like how the GOP obstructed Merrick Garland nomination?
Only when it suits them!
Speaking of obstruction, what do you call what the Republicans did to Merrick Garland?
oh like you swore an oath to uphold the constitution? Turn about is fair play. Remember 8 yrs of Obama obstruction?
This isn't obstruction. It's standing on principle. The seat belongs to Garland & Trump is under investigation.
are you missing the key point? Sure seems so.  Corrupt administration in power doing bad things to country.
aaaaaand then Merrick Garland was fucked over so guess what? Bend over #gorsuch
Yes, but then they learned about obstructionism from the masters. Thanks @SenateGOP !
Oh please. We're not stupid, Johnny DeVos.
You don't actually think we take you seriously, do you??
Merrick Garland much?
Coward
hasn't @realDonaldTrump discredited any form of hindsight when it comes to statements for or against something?
So?We changed our mind.
r u saying if Hillary would had won Garland would be the appointee?
McConnell will go down in history as a partisan hack. He ruined any semblance of decorum.Sincerely, Merrick Garland.
.@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer And then what happened, John?
@SenSchumer is a Dem #Destructionist - no policy just destruction. That means, the past has no meaning.

@FoxNews
Your hypocrisy is showing, Feckless John. #Resist
the time is now for morality to win in America! Do what you must to protect Americans first, but do it in God's will
a bit disingenuous   I didn't hear you repeat this then.
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say "maybe @GOP treatment of Garland nomination CHANGED HIS STANCE." howbowda?
r u saying if Hillary would had won Garland would be the appointee?
I'm not saying that at all. Garland's hearings could have been completed way before election.
schumer is a disgrace to our country.
Garland! What happened with that again?????
I think they'd be more willing to work with y'all had you not been jerks about Garland. You reap what you sow.
r u saying if Hillary would had won Garland would be the appointee?
I think they'd have approved Garland had Clinton won out of fear of who she'd pick.
Point is that by refusing to give Garland an up or down vote, they're now being hypocrites demanding one.
So first Biden ask Bush to hold off on a Nominee but when it comes to Obama he would not hold off.
The "Biden rule" isn't a thing. Many SC justices have been approved in election year.
BHO have installed activist judge and used thm to push his agenda and certainly should not happen for SC
LOL.
what was your vote for Judge Merrick Garland?
r u saying if Hillary would had won Garland would be the appointee?
no, I’m pointing out this moron’s hypocrisy
so you say "let us do the obstructing, don't copy our tactics". Seems slightly hypocritical.
I don't see any recognition on your part that what you and your party did the last 8 years is wrong.
Yeah, dingus, it's almost as if things happened between then and now.
