Well then, y'all better shore up that gutted STATE DEPARTMENT, AMIRITE?
The hypocrisy is palpable, senator. Btw, as an American in Europe, respect for the US here has dropped sharply since Trump took office
POTUS 45, fortunately for all, is taking Reaganesque approach.  Next missile strike, if needed, may be on Assad's palace. No red line fail!
Now he is. When first sarin attack occurred, he was against military action.
And so was the President at the time. Then that President claimed he'd cut a deal to remove all chem weapons from Syria.  Obvious failure.
U both are jokes.Cornyn voted no on @POTUS44 plan 2 strike #syria.Now he's OK w/ #Trump doing it illegally. Joke.
thank you Senator John Cornyn
Are you delusional? Trump is so inclusive of other countries that mexico is looking to deal with Germany over us now.
So when you voted against Obama's resolution to strike Syria you were voting against receding? Coward and Hypocrite. Sad
Is Cornyn an idot? Dubya and Uncle Cheney made the world a much more dangerous world.
I liked that he looked for countries in the area of disputes to become involved. America was diplomatic.
Cornyn's belief on war oversight like ethics oversight: for Dems only.
The GOP would not allow Obama to do anything in Syria .But Putin Puppet does it with out even going to congress and you praise
oïnk you, Fox and friends ! Oïnk you deep without vaselynn !
Thanks to Obama when you act like a whimper you get sand kicked in your face. After 8 years of sand is enough
You do realize you elected/supported a fascist, right?! Why is it right now but dumb for Obama? Gonna help refugees now?
That's why you elected someone who's slogan is America first right?
I agree with the air strike, but the claim that Obama withdrew us from the world stage is utterly ridiculous.

If you have to be good at something it may as well be lying. Were you on Fox and Friends the day Obama asked Congress about engaging Syria?
John your racism is showing again. Don't justify actions based on the past. The election is over. You own it now ... live with it.
So, all if a sudden w Bannon out of the picture, Trump is no longer an isolationist? He now UNDERSTANDS that he more than just POTUS OF U.S.
THe blame Game favorite Of the GOP  Your on your own The situation is yours to own Remember the Invasion of Irak
Why are you on Fox News?  They sanction the abuse of women.  Are you ok w that?
I'm so glad we're making Syria more unsafe so we can turn them away when they want to come here.  Yeah!!
Why won't trump release his taxes? Release Trump's taxes to an independent investigation of Russia's influence on this administration
everyone  duck,  bullshit is flying all over the place.  Let's resurrect Saddam, put him in & pull out.
Like a stopped clock, McCornyn is right a couple of times a day.
you are either suffering a serious case of cognitive dissonance or you're as spineless and evil as you seem. #2020
How do you not choke on the bs and hypocrisy flowing out of your mouth?  Doesn't it leave an awful aftertaste?
Hypocrite! Aug 31, 2013 "Today I'm calling on Pres.Obama to bring Congress back for a vote before any military action in Syria."
U voted AGAINST the use of force when Obama requested it. Now ur 4 it.What's changed?  Again, the GOP is useless.
Isn't an "America first" agenda - building walls to literally block of a nation - Banning muslim entry into the US - the exact same thing?
You quit playing the blame came to, you're not a Monday quarterback @indivisibletxjc @IndivisibleTeam
Withdrew?  Obama asked for air strikes vs syria. Gop turned him down.  That was you john.  Obama didn't insult our closest allies.
Senator,  I seem to remember Congress did not want to commit to military action in 2013. You are a coward.
Lucky for you, I am repulsed by FOX.  But I still think you are unamerican and an ass. 2020
But "America First" isn't withdrawing? Trump said we won't touch Assad. 3 days later, Sarin attack. Do the math. And block Gorsuch.
Good point. What better way to protect others than to put Americans in the line of fire instead......
So let me get this straight! After calling Hillary a war monger, you r FOR trumps tomahawk missile attack in Syria? Asking for a state!
Your own frigging president told Obama not to engage in Syria! And BTW OBAMA IS NOT PRESIDENT ANY MORE! The GOP seems to constantly forget!
I thought Trump was the America first let them handle it guy??? I'm so confused.
You literally support a president who campaigned on an "America first" message of isolationism. Now that has changed and you blame...Obama??
It was BO who (1) drew line in sand (2) ignored that line after gas attacks 'cause (3) he claimed he cut deal to remove chem weapons. Failed
Yes, our interjection on the international stage in the Middle East during the Bush administration was very effective. Bush created ISIS!!
Pls -as a voting Republican -every one of you need to be upfront & honest about political maneuvering to hinder
John would like to take the blame as an ineffective leader over the last eight years. He did nothing.
Oh so now you care about Syrians.... Good enough to bomb for but not good enough to come here!
Not wanted here by The People. Do you not see the rest if the world that took them in? Freaking idiots. I hope your head is one of the FIRST
seriously!!! How arrogant are you?
Overly simplistic. Obama was a reaction to Bush overreach, and we DID get involved (catastrophically and expensively) in Libya.
We do need to be engaged. The world system still relies on us. A multipolar world is good for us long term, but getting there is hard.
From 2013
God lord, You voted and railed against airstrikes in Syria when Obama asked in 2013. Talk about two-faced.
I'm sorry, I must have missed the day that you voted for use of force in Syria so Obama wouldn't have to go it alone. Liar.
You guys voted against use of force and then called Obama weak for not acting. It's shamelessly hypocritical and pathetic.
Agreed! When America withdraws, the World becomes a much"DARKER" PLACE!!!
That's because low life OBAMA is a yellow belly translation ballless coward
there days ago trump withdrew from Syria, he is using this for political reasons
Enough is Enough - I support our President !00%!
Obama wanted to talk tough, but everyone knew he was weak. They knew he was more worried about his golf game & being on talk shows.
What about Trump? When first sarin attack occurred, he was against military action.
War is peace. Ok GOP.
Guess he is too old to remember the Iraq invasion which started this whole mess.
@2christian @JohnCornyn True!!
@ChristianRep @JohnCornyn It is not USA that is so great. Wherever Christ rules the heart of a Nation -THAT country prospers!
Leaving Monster Assad unleashes the other Monster of north korea.America CAN NOT lead from behind as o'bama did and let villains prevail!!
I'm thankful to have a representative like J.Cornyn!!
Overrated, always standing behind McConnell shaking his head up and down, Brown nose ass kisser smacked down by ted Cruz. LOL
werrrre back
Obama waffled long enough to destabilize everything and let terrorism grow! I have my suspicions why!
The senate voted against action in Syria. Obama had his hands tied. Is that your suspicion?
I don't recall senate stalling Obama on a strike against Syria but I will be glad to fact check as I do recall senate committee approval
Yep! If Trump went to congress could you imagine all those democrats telling New York Times were coming! No one in congress can shut up
Syria not in a civil war but is facing extremist Islamic attack supported by USA, Saudi Arabia and Turkey 2/3 of the Syrian people pro-Assad
US trying to kill ISIS and kills 200 innocent Iraq civilians, Assad trying to kill ISIS Rebels and kills 70 Syrian citizens and we bomb them
This is laughable! What did congress allow him to do? Nothing--they obstructed his every move or idea.
US used white phosphorus in Fallujah, killed hundreds of innocent civilians. Now the US is outraged because Assad killed 70 Syrians with gas
Team America: World Police
That is true, when we recede completely, things fall apart- Iraq, Syria, Libya, etc
International communities hate Donald Trump and loved Obama. Donald Trump working with Russia to destroy the UN.
@realDonaldTrump Since the Russians have turned off the military "Be Advised Line" perhaps a FYI memo keep your military away from Assad.
obama withdrew nothing, WH and media reports and facts not the same as what actually took place.
https://twitter.com/pedro_riguez/status/850171270041935874 … @foxandfriends @JohnCornyn
Do you agree with @realDonaldTrump's decision to attack Syria's airbases with 50 Tomahawk Missiles?
Obama only protected his friends Muslims and illegals evil.
Obama was an absentee President with an adoring press
Oh yeah
