WTF is he doing there?
We have some troops there so I am certainly glad he took time out of his busy week to stop in and show our support for these brave troops.
Brave troops? How do you know that are brave?
a "real man" would cross the DMZ into north korea #doitnow #nutcheck #guts #pansy #dare #wimp
Can we talk about the fact that our VP cannot travel for business without his wife, because she doesn't trust him but we should?
I think it's his idea cause you know the other women are devils who tempt him or some crazy crap
This thread is proof that chivalry is dead in the Democrat Party.
It's also kind of telling on how he views women
Oh, please. Ask 'Slick Willy' Clinton about his views on women. Pence is a gentleman, Clinton's a creep.
Why are you changing the subject? We aren't talking about bill Clinton.  DTJ is a major creeper btw
Never let him leave, thanks!
It's called morale for the troops & Support for our allies.
While @realDonaldTrump golfed in Florida.  Again.
How terrible and unprecedented for a president to golf while in office.
he's golfed 19 times in 11 weeks he's spend more times golfing than he has weeks in office. low energy!
There's pretty much a golf course in the back yard of the new White House...how many times do you think Obama played basketball at the W.H.?
I don't know how many times but I am certain he didn't spend 3 million each time he went
good point.
This administration is not doing anything to deescalate the situation. Doing more to tick the trigger happy regime off!
Okay. Do your civil duty North Korea.
This tweet contradicts everything your profile says. What a horrible thing to say about ANY other human being.
You mean pray for him to get captured.
Keep building up #NorthKorea as a threat (it isn't) when you have no plans outside of bombing them.
Is there a way that we can make him stay there?
Did Pence get fashion tips from Kushner on how to project a truly asinine look?
I guess there are no women who are not his wife in the demilitarized zone.
VIVE LA GUERRE!!!
Work for Trump & suddenly you have no regard for your life 
You know that he was wearing a diaper cuz he was s*** in his pants little coward looking b****
Soon to be militarized...probably...not a hard guess.
I hope he never comes back!
New York Times. July 20, 2016. https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/20/magazine/how-donald-trump-picked-his-running-mate.html …
Ah shit
Pence think? He is moving the beehive :(.. to drive away the attention of the Republican government
Is it wrong to think only to myself, "If N.Korea was going to do something horrible anyway, like attack Seoul...?"
What about East and West Korea??? #FakeNewsAlert
Please be careful, we need you and president Trump. That man in NK is crazy
Unless they shot him, I don't care. Investigate ties to Russia.
This is all bullshit. The entire plan is bullshit. #DumpTrump knows VP is a target, so really...think about it. This is just another dance.
Top secret US plan: bore North Korea to death.
Because anytime a country may be bombed by us, or them bombing us, always send your VP and wife to deal with things. This is such a hoax.
Okay?  I thought something major happened? Y'know 44.5 beginning ww3
Badass

You seriously didn't think trump, the #snivelingcoward was going to go, did you?
hope he stays on the right side
Push him over
Hope there are no women there.
I hope to God he didn't spend any time alone with a woman
Unless you're reporting that the 'vice prick' is no longer consuming oxygen... then, this isn't "BREAKING" news.
STOP PUTTING THE @VP IN DANGER!
There's no danger. Be serious. This is all a bullshit joke. Who cares if VP is over there. It can't be that important if DUMP is golfing.
I've served in the Army over there, and you  Sir, are talking out of your ass.
Tell him never to come back
Mike Pence's trip is grooming to take trump's place once Russian ties checked & impeached. Fire the whole lot of them. Fire all of them.
@rie_rie76 Maybe he'll stay Maybe....#justsaying  #Trumpestablishment
Maybe Jill 1 could hope....
People should read DMZ: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DMZ_(comics) …
It's not about North or South Korea but it's a good read.
God please bless Pence while he's in harms way
NOT breaking news
#notmypresident continues to gaslight-
pretend escalations, pretend solutions (w/China)
all to distract from #trumprussia
I'm surprised the US Govt sent our vpotus near n. Korea.  Huh?
News: Yes.  Breaking News: No.
#News #Military #VP #Troops #VVNG
Coo
Shouldn't have visited. That discredits the idea that the US is serious about launching an attack.
You are Fake News.
Pep talk for war to come.
Big deal.
Can he stay there?
Can he an djt have a sleepover and get lost somewhere. Anywhere
Great scene in Die Another Day
Not sure why this is BREAKING but ok
