and Russia asked the same thing many Americans who aren't paid journalists are: where is the proof? Yellow cake
so you just had @nikkihaley on your air and you didn't ask her ONCE to see proof it was Assad. Might as well be state TV
She can't give Intelligence info of certain kind out. Thank you @nikkihaley & @POTUS for being strong leaders
Well then we're at aluminum tubes, yellow cake, and "Saddam is working with Al Qaeda" all over again. Rinse and repeat.
No. Difference is we have a real @POTUS now who is actually FOR . It will be fine. Just relax. Gods got this.
There is no god, and our POTUS is the color of a Cheeto with very little interest in actually governing.
ask yourself how to justify the existence of god, considering the three perfections of god. Aquinas couldn't. There is no god.
Im sorry @nikkihaley but you are wrong. They need not because they care not. Presence or absence is inconsequential to their end game.
TRAITOR!
Or the whole thing a set up. Do u really trust 45?
And US is not to blame? Lmfao President Bush said YEARS ago that Syria had them and the left and media called him an idiot
How much are you getting paid for deceiving and lying to the American people Tapper? Pizzas? Hot dogs?
great job at questioning Haley today. She is full of it and clueless
And if there's one thing trump's people know about, it's "being played for fools".

(THREAD) The evidence that Trump's completely ineffectual military strike on Syria was just an empty political gesture is now overwhelming. 
Are you completely stupid? Ever hear of operation infinite reach OR line in the sand? Now THOSE define empty gesture
US should provide some answers about their jihadists puppies that used the CW
or they just don't care
Ask the 2 Russian cosmonauts on their way back home. Lotta tech happens on that ISS we dont know about (just saying.)
WHERE'S YOUR PROOF, HALEY? So far nothing but Powelesque sympathy fotos? Old fakenews-we don't buy it anymore. CHEMICAL ANALYSIS=your a liar
Tough talk...(nudge,nudge , wink,wink)
Same goes for us? Looks like maybe it's the public who's being played about Syria's chemical weapons 
She wants answers? Well, here you go: He's Putin. He's a killer. "There are a lot of killers. You think our country's so innocent?" - Trump
- Well, let's see what Tillerson does in Russia. This will be telling. NH, ur vacuous prolixity whispers.
Excuse me,but it looks like Haley is doing public sabre-rattling at Russia to dispel those pesky #TrumpRussia connections in admin
& #Trump WH should provide answers why #Trump gave #Russia heads-up re:attacks but say NOTHING to Congress
To Russia  denial  doesn't  make it so.
t-RUMP administration needs to provide some(ANY) answers.The US populace paying a president to putt while the world waits for Jared to act.
They will not respond to this and we all know it. Of course they were complicit in the chemical attacks.
@nikkihaley ask your boss he's putin's puta.
And then please ask Putin about that pesky election scandal thingy.
I love the way she acts as if Trump actually did something
Sticky Nikki knows what's it's like to be a fool that's been played given her acceptance to be a turd in Trump's cesspool.
No @nikkihaley Russia isn't being "played for fools," but Trump sure is!
Curious. What's your take Jake?
or we're being played for fools.  Occam's Razor answer.
Her boss @realDonaldTrump is the one who needs to provide some answers!! 
you can probably rest assured they won't be answering that question anytime soon...
@bannerite @nikkihaley trump just drumming up a war.  Trump lives Putin, there's a deal in this somewhere
Whoop-de-doo! So assume RU knew about CW. They invaded Ukraine, occupied Crimea, shot down MH17, weaponized info... US reaction... crickets.
Russian is no fool. They know exactly what's going on.
And if you don't want to do that - how about info on the election
Trump is the one being played for a fool.  Kushner and Ivanka and the neocons are in charge.  Trump looks a fool.
trump is against muslims, I see a racist. Refugees are not terrorist, grow a heart. Trump and u are crazy.
trumps heart big as flea, brain same size. U lie as good as trump. Putin ok d both attacks. Russian on base w gas!
ask Haley why 1-2hr warning,no russian jets hit, base oper in 4 hrs,
or we are being played for fools, Haley answered about 50% of your questions SAD RUSSIANS were on base of gas
Grt job from Amb Haley in TURNING ON intl political heat on Russia a bit.  #RussiaInPoliticalHotseat
No @nikkihaley - it's us being played for fools by this administration. The smoke and mirrors game won't work. Trumps in bed with Putin.
Great interview Jake!
Translation "But they've been telling us on the QT since last July they would take care of that if we won".
No doubt that Putin is playing Trump and the Republican Party.
Bigger question needs answering. Why was Russia informed of strike before Congress?
Two words: Watch Ukraine.
And so did @JohnKerry  #Obama @HillaryClinton  @TheDemocrats
All b/c Assad refuse the oil pipeline. Who gave syrian rebel the sarin gas. War propaganda- neoliberal style
How many more Syrians must die to protect oligarchical interests?
establishment class intentionally tying themselves in knots to avoid doing what common sense demands - remove Assad to curb genocide.
I'm thinking Nikki was and is the right choice.
Here's a thought: It serves both Putin and Trump to create a distraction that would cast doubt on Russian ties if Putin helped elect Trump.
don't play us for fools, Nikki. we all know Putin is in charge and telling Assad what to do. Russia responsible for gassing children.
#fakenews ISIS and Obama's rebels were the only ones with motivation to use said weapons. Assad was winning think about it Fake News
We bombed w/ no investigation,disabling 6 MIG's & killing 6 Syrian soldiers.... then ISIS launches offensive.  We r on the side of ISIS.
@patsyofthesouth @nikkihaley no fools. Masterminds.
Ambassador Haley doesn't mess around. I like that
For more perspective follow @AlabedBana
There is a third possibility:  that poison gas came from neither the syrians nor the russians.
Trump is making ISIS great again...
They are complicit. The real question is why attack civilians. Surely the rebels aren't holed up in the population. If so, for shame.
Please, Trump knows what Putin is doing they both need to be accountable.
Nikki Haley is an airhead who never should have been governor of SC.
Putin Russia helped Trump to get elected ...yes, Trump Putin Russia needs to provide some new answers on this self-created event as well.
Better yet Americans being played for fools by this dictator family business nitwit ! When are we going to finalize Russian investigation
Malicious or ignorant? You be the judge
They knew. Putin is too smart to be played. They condemned the US missile attack, have yet to condemn the reason they were launched.
Or Russia played Trump for a fool.
They knew  they were part of it ffs
why do regular Americans know Putin and Assad are the same person, but Nikki doesn't? 45 is their pathetic puppet.
Or they encouraged Assad, are using as a sacrificial pawn to get Trump to ease sanctions.
What happened to @TulsiGabbard on show today? @CNN too embarrassed??
And Trump is DEFINITELY the FOOL.
HEY NIKKI HOW ABOUT THEY DONT GIVE A DAMN
]res needs to provides some answers. Either he knew most of his staff were communicating with Russia or he's being played for a fool.
Really.  Middle East News says Russia and Assad have been bombing the area for months..American citizens are being played for fools ;)
@nikkihaley was put in UN by *45  She's there to create  illusion that admin isnt complicit w/ Putin. Empty condemnations to seem moderate
She's right. Their answers will help to set US policy @realDonaldTrump
Russia needs to provide nothing. All this happening in the region only to give the Jews in Palestine time to exterminate Palestinians
Jake, a lot going on but we have to stay focused on Russian collusion. If we allow trump time he'll bomb something once a week to distract
She is being played for a fool by her boss
You, sir, are a WAR pig. In 2013, media parroted same lie against Assad, UN later found WRONG. No more evidence NOW
Why when we all expected Trump to start trouble in N.Korea or Mid East to distract from Russiagate investigations was it allowed to happen?
Ask trump. Putin is his lap buddy.
Jake...shes 7...

Sadly I think Nikki is being played for a fool since Putin and Trump's inner circle already know all the answers.
C'mon Nikki, you know they knew. If they didn't know their reaction wouldn't have been so supportive.
Did you fools not learn a thing from Libya?? The American people must stop their corrupt government from destroying peoples lands.
Can you get to the bottom of Why Nikki"s jaw is wired shut?
Still wondering what Putin said during Trump's hour-long, unrecorded, inaugural phone call to him.
HAHAHAHA Asking Russia to provide answers, is like talking to your boss, Nikki. Give us a break.
We know ISIS has chemical weapons. We know they will use them. We know Syrian terrorists are ISIS and Al Queda. Connect dots
Not going to ask her about iraq deja vu? Nikki just stop you war thirsty harmlet!
So does Obama. Either he knew and helped Russia to cover it up or he was a total fool!
sure wish we had some credible intelligent experienced people leading us right now like we had before Jan 20
We're not the fools you hope we are.
The people being played for fools are the American people and the media. I saw the movie " Wag the Dog" I'm not falling for this BS again.
I bet you're the kind of person who falls for things all the time
Quite judgemental of a Dolphins fan. Some of us in this world do think a bit more than you Americans seem to.
Dear media:

Why show dead Syrian children but we NEVER see mangled bodies in Stockholm? Or London, Brussels, Berlin, Moscow, Nice or Egypt?
Curious if anyone knows if Russia as chemical warning equipment that would be stationed at the base with troops?
I would say both.
I thought the whole world knew they used that gas on people and that they had it?
Weapons of
Mass
Distraction
CNN has been playing Americans for fools for over a year.  They learned one thing.  Most Americans are not fools and don't believe their BS
Assad would do this without permission? Nikki is playing a role orchestrated by Putin to help DJT and distract from Russia investigation
Good job this morning to both of you. Tapper is the only reason I watch #CNN And Amb. Haley is shining in this role. #CNNSOTU
says the administration that gave Russia  a two hour heads up....
Duh, it's the other way around! #Resist #Trumprussia #russiagate #mentallyunstablepotus #lockhimup #TheResistance
Russian needs to answer #TrumpRussia  #SyriaStrike We demand to know legitimacy of man in office before war #NoMoreDistractions @nikkihaley
Why isn't the President saying this out loud to the Nation.
Jesus the usa is in big trouble can't anyone answer a question anymore it's the same old same old , things are not going good but they lie
putin played by fools? Impossible. 
he knows, he knew, he accepts or even orders these actions,  no doubt at all.
trump, still trust him?
Russia were either complicit or made fools of.  Either way not a good position for Russia but this doesn't seem to stop them issuing threats
Is Tillerson bring press to Russia?
Obama admin needs 2 provide answers. They knew there were still chemical weapons.
Trump needs to provide us answers about Russia & taxes first! You're looking under the wrong rock! 
#trumprussia
#russiagate
#Resist
#45A
I really don't see what others see in Haley - she's an incompetent loon that feeds off a script. Once she veers off, comedy ensues.
I was watching Jen Psaki on Tapper and thinking EXACTLY the same thing.  Wowza.
Guess who's being played for fools? American people that's who
They are fools. They elected trump
I think the Russians need to provide a lot more answers than this. Let's not let this distract from #TrumpRussia. Still need those answers
Still need some proof any collusion happened.
<---- russian bot
Yes, we'll wait.... and wait... and wait...
@nikkihaley Trump didn't care about these babies in 2013.
He didn't have poll #'s then
 True
Nikki Haley to be fired in 4-3-2-1
Yeah. Russia will offer alternative facts and analysis that will confuse everybody and point the blame at US.
