Confirmed, 100-0:

Executive Calendar #17, David Shulkin, of Pennsylvania, to be secretary of veterans affairs.
why are you are supporting an administration that is going to result in you losing you senate seat?Do you speak any Russian?
1) failure by GOP to prioritize and 2) Dems continue GOP's legacy of past 8 years to obstruct. Congrats GOP, you built this!
Why did it take so long for White House to fire Flynn after learning of his Russian vulnerability? #justgotcaught
they were waiting on you to come do a town hall first...
We could ask: Why is Merrick Garland not on the SCOTUS? He was more qualified for his position than any Trump cabinet nominee.
AND... 24 hours later we all see why. I hope you are being a little more thoughtful with your decisions in Texas.
Probably had a lot to do with the completely unqualified individuals up for other cabinet positions ahead of him.  You think?
when was Merrick Garlands confirmation hearing?  How many days after Obama nom?  Oh, that's right, it didn't happen.
.."action on a Supreme Court nomination must be put off until after the election campaign is over." - Joe Biden
but it's never happened, ever before. doesn't make obstructionism by repubs ok.  Rise above?  Just too hard for you.
Nope.  Just saying that turn about is fair play...Dems set the rules, we just play by them..
I'd say the turnabout is now. Repubs obstructed and now they can cry when it takes 3 weeks. Flynn was great. 
Shulkin was not even scheduled for first hearing until Feb 3 by GOP Senate.  Stop making political issue where it isn't.
How many days has it been since you met with your constituents?
I don't know. You tell us why it took so long in a GOP controlled senate?
Why 24 days? Simple. Cabinet nominees a collection of ideologues, incompetents, & fools. Tried to stop them for country's sake.
investigate Trump-Russia ties. Also because the rest of the cabinet was abysmal
Why has it taken just as long to start investigating #Russia #Flynn #hacking. Waiting for yr return to TX. #presbannon
For ethics review.. don't you think that's important?
because his nomination wasn't announced until Jan 11 and by then OGE had backlog since other noms were late to turn in paperwork
Any further question on that, Senator?
Because we will resist you and Trump until we throw both of you out of office. We aren't going away.  Do your job!
Rep schedule the votes... I shouldn't need to tell you this...
r u asking why it took so long for flynn to be fired after conspiring with russia and breaking law? i ask the same. investigate!
Democrats are being obstructionists is why (yes, I know it was a rhetorical ? ). But they are now irritating me. Not good.
poor thing
Speaking of yourself are you?
Which begs the question, why no vote for Garland for a YEAR?
"..action on a Supreme Court nomination must be put off until after the election campaign is over." - Joe Biden
9 months of obstructionism and calling it honor. Smh at the delusion.
just playing the game as defined by the Dems....
Looks to me like they should be taking longer. How many do overs will you need?
How long has it been since you held a #TownHall in Texas? #AnswerThePhone
He's too gutless to hold one.
what's taken so long in replacing a Supreme Court Justice? How about those open Federal judge positions? Pot or kettle?
Do you really not know? You guys control the calendar, so it's actually your fault
why so long on Obama first cia chief
How long will it be until you start answering your phones and listening to your constituents again? Or til you have a town hall?
Really? Why did it take your new boss 18days to fire Flynn? Why does your new boss lie daily? Much better ?s
#Flynnghazi
Because Dems are playing it smart!
Your democrat allies being childish. #Texas, fire this democrat.
you know the answer why confirmations r taking so long.Your buddies,the democrats, want r President to fail
there weren't issues with some of his picks like there were with others. Why couldn't people be chosen that both sides agree to
Why are you asking us? You are in the Senate. Besides, you never listen to your constituents anyway.
What took you & other Repubs so long to speak up to protect our democracy from Flynn, Bannon, Miller, Manafort...
obamas cabinet wasn't duly inplace until april of 2009...it's February. #doyourjobandchill
why did it?
It's disingenuous of you to keep acting as if this admin is analogous in any way to any recent previous one.
I dunno, oversight and vetting actual takes longer than a trip to Starbucks. Besides GOP sets the Senate calendar. #mirror
Why has it taken you so long to schedule a meeting with constituents?
Senator, you were elected to represent us - your constituents. Why wont you even hold a town hall to hear our concerns?
Senator, I would love to discuss this topic with you at your next town hall. When will that be? #TownHall
Probably because we were busy trying to get to the bottom of the Russia scandal. Why do you and @GOP not care at all?
Despite lying to the Senate, Trump’s Treasury pick is confirmed.  Keep looking for that moral compass.
Gee Senator, it looks like your constituents want a town hall.  Best get your calendar open!  @JohnCornyn
and why wont you investigate Trump/Pence for Russia collusion???????
why have you not even begun work investigating interference by Russia into our election which happened more than 90 days ago?
Please investigate administration's ties to Russia and COIs. These issues should be top priority, security depends on it!
quit rushing to vet! Flynn was horrible & there will be more just like him!
Your boss was busy with Russia.  You hitched your wagon to the wrong horse.  #2020
Why has it been 24 days & we still haven't seen taxes, he's jeopardizing natl security, his conflicts of interest? #doyourjob
You should go to a doctor for a checkup, you might have amnesia
Y'all set the agenda, not Schumer.  You decided to put controversial picks 1st.
Asks a man from the party who obstructed a SCOTUS nominee for 9 months?
you just don't get it! The individuals you all pick suck! #Resist #NotMySenatorForLong
After Michael Flynn shenanigans I'm thinking y'all should be taking far longer than 24 days to confirm
I guess they didn't want to make another 'in like Flynn' mistake...
Russia
Your actions r being logged by large groups of activists in TX. Times have changed. U have brand damage.
why did it take until April for Obama's 2012 cabinet? Bc of G0P obstruction. Not as dumb as 45 voters.
So why wouldn't you let President Obama appoint a judge to SCOTUS? #WeAreWatching #2020 #TownHall
Knock it off. Many cabinet appt. did not have papers in order like Pudzer & Devos. Some w/ conflicts.
So. Many. Reasons. #WeAreWatching #2018 #2020 #WhenIsOurTownHall #AnswerYourPhone #YourConstituents
Why did it take so long to confirm Merrick Garland? Oh, wait, NEVER MIND. #hypocrite
can you say: hypocrisy?
Merrick Garland
maybe because it takes time to fully vet a nominee so you can provide advice and consent rather than a rubber stamp?
why does it take so long for you to answer your phone?  At least Senate Dems are actually doing their jobs.
And we don't want another Michael Flynn.....that one is on you the Republicans who "rubber stamped" all candidates.
Yes, why did it take so long to get rid of Michael Flynn?
because trump put together the worst cabinet in history and you supported it! Got a lil brown on that nose John........
How many days since your last #TownHall?
because Obama and every other President made better choices.
#GOP @JohnCornyn: It clearly proves if @POTUS #Bannon picks good candidates & when @SenateMajLdr schedules it, @SenateDems vote unanimously?
seems like y'all need to cool yr jets. Confirmed Flynn w/o proper vetting & he's out less than month? #justdoyourjob
you tell us.  You're a senator from the party controlling BOTH houses. Seems like it's up to y'all to push things forward?
look at Flynn, now answer that stupid question yourself. Republicans are going to bring down themselves with Trump.
You can come home today for a #texastownhall or wait until you are SENT packing in 2020 - either way you WILL be coming home!
remember when u were concerned about email servers and Hillary? Pot kettle to 45s behavior this past weekend! Hypocrites!
As you probably know more about Senate scheduling than the rest of us, wouldn't you be the expert? It's a low-priority position?
Now how many scandals will it take for you to stop being a "yes man" to Trump and do your job for the people of Texas? #aTXvoter
because conflicts of interest and some very objectionable nominees
I'm deeply concerned about your focus on the time this is taking over properly vetting noms and getting competent cabinet ppl
You have no right to talk about confirmation delays. #MerrickGarland
why don't you answer the phones? #hearourvoice #resist
sorry, were you talking about the first cabinet member to resign in disgrace? He made it a whole 24 days!
you need to move to the center and stop aligning yourself with this administration while you can. #flynngate  #FlynnResignation
maybe you should ask Pres Bannon or Mitch the turtle
Well Flynn quit. The psycho boat U chose 2 hitch onto is sinking & U R going down w/them. Shouda listened 2 us your constituents
merrick garland
Because Trump didn't announce the pick until January 11.
Sen Cornyn, please do your job. I don't understand y you keep getting elected.
... it's taken you longer to respond to your constituents... why!?
Did you type that with a straight face?
#mikeflynn, surprised you even have to ask.  Guess you don't need to interview, vet and do your due diligence.  R U kidding?
Because our pres persists in nominating people who are uniquely unqualified for the positions.
why wasn't Merrick Garland given a hearing with more than 100 days after his appointment? #glasshouse
Because there were too many no nothing billionaire appointees clogging up the system.
when will you be holding a #TownHall in Austin?
sorry, can't hear you over the resignation of Michael Flynn and your yes vote for DeVos. Town hall soon?
Since Michael Flynn has been fired, you need to start working on a full investigation into the nature of administration/Russia.
Because he wasn't #1 on the list, obviously.  You're better than that, don't ask questions with obvious answers.
, when are you going to call for an investigation on Russia's ties to this administration?  Be a patriot!
, Why is security lax w 45 & those around him? Football photo, sec. key on table, phone call in non- secure rm. This  is scary.
, because obviously extreme vetting is needed. Look what happened without extreme vetting of Michael Flynn.
... how many days will it take for you to come back home and meet with your constituents here in Austin? We need 2 talk.
Flynn just resigned, maybe pick better candidates?
How will you vote on letting seriously mentally ill people being able to buy guns? Surely, an easy no, right? RIGHT? Zip 78109
We Dallasites would like to know when to expect you in town for a #TownHall
Confirmed: 200 (+) - 0 Texas constituents expressed their dissatisfaction with you, requesting a #TownHall, and open dialog.
.@JohnCornyn good question. Let's have a #TownHall and talk about it. #AnswerYourPhone
Corrupt Flynn just resigned. When are you going to investigate the depth of Russian collusion?
it took too long to vet the other losers that u approved regardless of what your constituents have been saying.  NOV 2018, dude.
Because this Republican administration is a complete & utter mess. #RepublicansOwnThisMess
@realDonaldTrump Plagiarism.  Disgusting how a normal GOP function has been co-opted by the Dems.  Why can't they be original?
It worked for the GOP for 8 years.
Because it isn't about just saying No.  It is about saying Yes to nominees who are free of ethical conflicts. #Qualified
Pander much, Senator? #RepublicansOwnThisMess
Really, as whip you can't figure this out? Senators actually don't want to vote for unethical and unqualified nominees
BC trump is an incompetant boob.
Because #EthicsMatter and #QualificationsMatter  DeVos, Mnuchin, Sessions & Tillerson belong to the Republicans.
you controlled the order the appointees were brought to vote! The other nominees were damaged goods!  You own time!
wow John...you've got a lot of Texans madder than wet hens. Your popularity is waning.  Voters will remember. #HoldATownMeeting
in case you need a reminder constituents =   one who authorizes another to act as agent.
It is quite simple really.  Democrats won't support #Unqualified and #Unethical nominees. Surprised you have to ask this.
perhaps it is in response to you and your colleagues blocking and arguing against every darn thing past 6 years. #Karma
when is your next town hall meeting?  Why are you paid $173,000 a year if you can't answer phone calls or hold THM?
says the man who denied Obama scotus nomination for almost a year
Think of it this way: The time it took to approve these people is in direct correlation of their quality as candidates.
ask Mitch McConnell - he schedules them.
Well look how many days it's been & Merrick Garland still hasn't been confirmed. By the way, when are you coming back in town? #TXTownHall
I've got some thoughts on that. Wanna chat? #AnswerYourPhone
literally you have better thing to do than make these snarky tweets. Try checking your voicemail instead.
Because the GOP-run Congress is pushing thru the most incompetent slate of cabinet members in US history, & ur afraid of Trump!
shall we review the last eight years and see how long it took to confirm Obama appointments?
trump is making the GOP like ignorant fools.  Stand the fuck up John!
Trumps team did not vet Cabinet nominees 4 security clearances and financial conflicts of interest.
because we are giving @SenateGOP a taste of their own medicine. Duh. #resist #gop #
- how many months has Scalia's seat been vacant? How much longer until you hold Town Halls in TX? #AnswerThePhone
thank you for representing me, Senator!  More of us than there are of them...keep up the good work!
GOP has control of both Senate and House. How ironic.
Because he is yet another unqualified pick. Stand up for US! Do your job! Protect #Texas! #ResistTrump #impeachtrump!
We implore you to LISTEN TO ALL of your TX constituents. Your tweets make me sad. I thought you were different.
Why? Because Republicans don't know how to govern. You never make govt smaller. You just break it. @JohnCornyn
So why did it take 24 days since inauguration? https://twitter.com/johncornyn/status/831307256725635072 …
is this like some kind of cheap thrill, Senator? Asking nonsense questions into an abyss that shouts nothing back but criticism?
Whatever you do always give 100 %. Unless you are donating blood. :)
the GOP controls the voting calendar dumb shit, so you tell us.
maybe he had to wait because he is the most qualified???  (Live in Texas, not paid, know real Veterans). You?
.@JohnCornyn why did it take 110 days to confirm him as HHS/US? Why did it take so long for trump to get around to appointing him?
because y'all lie so much everything has to be checked!
Why not 24 days?  When is the hearing on Garland?
wow. Democrats just agreed with you on something and you still blame them. Is this all you care about? Say goodbye to my vote.
#chickenshit #Townhall
maybe if you put patriotism over party once in a while cooperation might happen more often. #Gonein2020
why haven't you had a town hall?
Maybe because VA secretary was the last cabinet position Trump got around to nominating? Incompetent.
Because The Left is Going Ballistic! Democrats are responsible - Outrageous media attacks, Civil unrest!
hope this person is better than #MICHAELFLYNN Should we not question his appointments? Trump's power will not be questioned?
You tell us, your party has complete control of everything that happens in the Senate.
your days are numbered in Texas
Oh and what about the delays in vetting? You just want to accept everything Trump puts out hook, line and sinker. #aTexasVoter
because of the multiple vacations to mar-a-Lago? Because of the protests? Because of Russia? Because of the travel ban?
why are you consistently voting the party line instead of listening to constituents? #accountability
because he was one of the last nominations to be made AND because ethics office has to vet nominees? Why do you not know this
not but really, why do YOU my representative not know this? Do u get it now?
Same reason it took until April.
Other stuff going on, like completely unqualified appointments, Senators who take their jobs seriously and don't rubber stamp.
.@JohnCornyn we are still waiting on the ACA replacement bill. Also waiting on 45 to release his tax returns.
Why did some Obama nominees wait two years and never got senate confirmation? 24 days doesn't sound so bad now.
@Zwoodbutcher I hope David Shulkin does a great job for our VETERANS, we owe our FREEDOM to them! Lets hold his feet to the fire
24 days in Senator time is really 168 days in working people time.  & omg, u really are bitching about turn about is fair play?
Let's discuss at a town hall in Austin...
your party controls Congress. You tell us!
perhaps the appointees found the disclosure statements too daunting and were unable to get them completed.
YOU really shouldn't jump to suggest something as obstructionist, also please announce a Town Hall location and time!-Texan
I am one of your constituents. When is your next town hall? #doyourjob
The question is why do you fail to respond to your constitutes
- see what happens with a good nominee - unanimous approval. Plus doesn't Mitch schedule the votes?
because of the way republicans treated Obama for 8 years
marvelous rhetorical question John.
Because it is who they are, Senator...
