Oh no!!! Women in this photo are wearing sleeveless dresses! Did you call them whores and make them cover up?
At least neither of *them* is up on assault charges back home. But just give them time...
Coward!!!!!!!!!!
I'm glad they are Congress's new members.I am MUCH MORE ANGRY that u have NOT aligned yourself w/the President,but rather w/PACS paying you!
REPS UNITE N SUPPORT PRESENT TRUMP
I see the hateful Libs are at it again!! Spreading the party line of lies.
Definitely your kind of man, Paul Ryan. Ridicules a victim of gun violence. Is this your Laura Ingraham moment?
Garbage elected .. garbage results
In case anyone wants to read the pile of garbage that is #TrumpCare : https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/BetterCareReconcilistionAct.6.26.17.pdf …
American Medical Association Slams Senate GOP Health Care Bill |
More thugs to add to the gang. Not representing anyone in their states.  Such a mockery of America. Fascist state now.
Hi Paul Ryan
So much diversity....this land is who's land?
Always with the race card, nice.
It certainly is mostly one sided, racially if that's what you mean by race card.  There's definitely a theme.
I hear unemployment is lowest in 17 years for blacks. Does GOP get any credit? Obama didn't do that.
As red as it gets and almost lost. We're coming in #2018.
Almost doesn't matter. You still loss and will lose again in 2018.
Paul, get to work, either repeal Obamacare or REPLACE IT ASAP, STOP DINKING AROUND!!
You need to retire dipstick!!!! We the PEOPLE HATE YOU!!!!  REMEMBER YOU WORK FOR US. NOT THE OTHER WAY AROUND. ELECTIONS WILL BE HERE SOON
Best result for Rep Karen Handel is the McConnell/ Ryan healthcare repeal failed. Now she joins the House of Legislative failures.
Congratulations Rep Ralph Norman! I know you'll serve my state well sir! #MAGA
maybe they will have a backbone.
This means that if you lose coverage for just one month, you have to wait six months before you can get it back.
Enjoy it while you can.....
Loser's
And was their welcome gift "A JAR OF VASELINE"...LOL
The white supremacist house of horrors have 2 new members.We are back 20 years with their racist views and views of womenand low income ppl.
WOW. CBO: Premiums for a 64-year old with middle income go from $6,800 under ACA to $20,500 under #Trumpcare 
Top doctors group comes out against GOP healthcare bill:
#MAGA
Handel fits right into your inept & crooked party!
Awwwww! She looks very kind.
#Trumpcare is nothing more than a tax cut for the 400 richest American families.
I mean "blech" Pandering to Putin puppets.
look at all the exposed arms. how did you retain your giant hard on?
house of Representatives, doesn't represent Americans, if they did, they would hear those outside their clubs.
Barf me out!
But for all the liberal 's in here I will warmly welcome #KarenHandle WELCOME!!!!
I'm sure she will teach all of you have to suppress votes.  I wonder how many people she prevented from voting?
Nope. Crooks and liars that will continue to destroy America. #voteGOPout!
Just another Scumpublican who bent the rules in her favor - "Georgia’s Discriminatory Voter ID Law Her ‘Most Important Accomplishment"
More homophobic bigots in the WH. Just what we fucking need.
How sweet it is 
Barf

SC's 5th congressional district volunteers were honored to be a part - neat way to finish a hard campaign. Honored to have met you.
Who cares
Looking forward to the rest of you being voted out of office in 2018.
Great, welcoming more racist, homophobic criminals on our dime. That's great Paul.
Another rigged election? You people have no respect for the constitution.  It is an awful time to be an American patriot.
i see white people
Racist gross woman
What is so good about it so you Republicans can continue to worked for Trump, Putin and Saudi Arabia rather than the American people - sad.
Good, now don't waste your chance to do the right thing. Get into the @freedomcaucus ASAP. Otherwise you might as well be a democrat
Lets hope she performs better than the other 434 in the House.
Welcome Karen Handel and Ralph Norman to the republican house of representatives.
Build that wall.
While unlikely 2 change election outcome, I've seen claims of ballot tampering in GA. U should investigate in case its a Putin practice run.
Hooray for the Republican wins. Now support the President 100% and vote 100% for healthcare reform. To hell with Obamacare
You are abhorrent people. #shameonyou
Welcome to the swamp!
Oh good! More white folks. Glad to see we're working to diversify. 
Not on your life!!!
Did you have to show them the secret handhake or secret way to rob millions of life-saving, affordable healthcare?

Gross
Join the killing spree...death by pen!
Grossness overload
No thanks...two more cruel human beings. Just what we need. Less humanity.
Will they have to get healthcare like most Americans, or will they get special Congressional Health Care under the Affordable Care Act?
You all thought they'd lose! YOU LOSE.
@karenhandel hey woman hater Karen. Did you put on a 100 or so?
Thanks, I'll pass
Welcome to the neighborhood
Sure. Embrace the homophobic racist with open arms. It's what @GOP does. #CantStopWontStop
No thank you
Cheaters.
Pardon me whilst I puke..
They won in squeakers -- in areas other Repubs. carried by 20+ points. Whole new game in 2018. #wethepeople will end this insanity!
I'll welcome them and the rest of the GOP's departure. Resign traitor!!!
's all!
Better eat it up while you can. AHCA is DEAD ON ARRIVAL. And if you attempt to pass, the backlash is going to be amazing.
Welcome White Collar GOP terrorists. You can now kill us and ride the GOP money  train. #Resist
More racist republicans! Can't wait to make the rich richer and sell their souls for corporate interests.
Resign.
And soon you will be retired by a new rep from WI.
Um no.
This is the start of a Republican renaissance, 2018 here we come... we the people
No.
Everywhere contempt for Congress. Don't put on a happy face.
no
Yes @SpeakerRyan maybe she can help drain the swamp
He's fired too.
Handel won with the assistance of typical Republican corruption.  She joins the mass of the incompetent

Welcome to the circus and the ringmaster @SpeakerRyan.
Time to force the middle class out of work by taking away Medicaid care from elderly/ disabled relatives.  No to #ADCA #AmericanDeathCareAct
So if the media @MSNBC @CNN  or even fake @fox wants the truth ask Paul Ryan-he wanted to warn us of Russia with Obama McConnell said NO WAY
Paul you were at the meeting with Obama and agreed to tell the American ppl Russia was attacking our election-McConnell threatened ethics!
Welcome. My God bless you give you direction as you serve the UNITED STATES of America
More minions to help you destroy the programs that helped you when you were young. The world hates a hypocrite #AHCAKills
Handel only won through gerrymandering and voter suppression.   Just like you and the rest of the GOP.
She is not welcome in the House. No should be who openly states she does not think people should be making a livable wage. Bogus
Not welcomed
Both there with the help of President Trump not you
I didn't think Lane Bryant made suits that big. #KarenHandel
Netanyahu holds strings of House of Representatives in his hands and directs tt as buggy driver diercts horses to pull Israeli carriage.
Dowdy, Grand Old Prude. How original.
It's going to be a very short term for them and a pleasure,when you're all voted out
I sure like that guy that's going to run against you hope he can pull it off he's a good guy
Quelle famille
This makes me want to throw up. Crying over not being able to do more harm. Sobbing about not being able to cause more pain.
More swamp dwellers awesome just what America needs.
REPEAL AND REPLACE RINO RYAN @speakerryan progressive globalist
Winning by the skin of their teeth in races that should have been landslides! Keep failing the people & it's over in 2018!
Ryan is DERELICT of DUTY.He turned his back on DEMOCRACY. He places PARTY above COUNTRY. He will take your Heathcare away for the Richest 1%
No thank you! She's a horrible human being!
Yeah. Girls keep your hands behind your backs. Ryan wtf do you have your hand up? And has that book ever ever ever been actually opened? DTS
Pfffft ! Tell them how you collected social security  Now you want to destroy healthcare & social security for seniors who paid in 45 yrs!
Tell us how much you love and respect Trump. Say you love Trump. Say it over and over. Tell Trump he is the best. You love Trump.
Welcome to Putin's corruption of our political process.

Karen Handle who wants to take away healthcare form millions and give tax cuts to the rich.  Perfect addition to your team.
LAST TIME A DEMOCRAT WON THIS SEAT WAS IN 1979?  GOP HAS RIGGED IT EVER SINCE VIA GERRYMANDERING; CORRUPTION BY DESIGN!
Yeah! More racist hateful corrupt morally bankrupt Christians to do the work of god knows who cause it ain't the big guy...#geeksresist
Yeah. U be proud of those Americans. U heard what they believe. What would your dad say? In American beliefs, but as long as u get, right?
Enabling #TrumpRussia is enabling treason. The stench will never leave you. You'll never be President. You go down when Trump does
@SpeakerRyan START DOING STUFF FOR US, MY COUNTRY, OUR @POTUS SO FAR (NOTHING) YOUR APPROVAL IS 39% SUCKS, SO U ARE EITHER @NancyPelosi FAN?
Most powerful member of House of Representatives is  Bibi Netayanhu he lives in Tel Aviv.
Bibi holds House strings in hand steering members like horses hitched to Israel carriage.
We wouldn't allow either of these people into congress.  They both are an embarrassment to the Republican party.
Great.. two new cronies for u.. congratulations. They will learn how to do nothing from the best im sure..
All that matters is 18 and there will be a dem speaker and they will become president because u don't have  normal boys grow out of A Rand
Then I'm going to do atlas shrugs in the gym! It's the normal P90 with a hardback copy of atlas wedged up my ass. Ayn Rand wrote YA novels
I'd rather clean all of the bathrooms in Grand Central Station with my tongue than to spend 1 more minute w/you 
@SpeakerRyan @karenhandel
Gross
Yippee   Welcome to Karen " doesn't believe in a livable wage" Handel
You know your time is up. You will not be re-elected. Blame your buddy, well, no, blame your weak spine.
Seriously... Can you GET anymore white? Lord.
Stop feeding off the government, Paulie
What a victory! She is exactly what is needed!
Handel is a disgusting racist, and she is against people having decent wages.



Since she is against a livable wage, I'll welcome her if she accepts no more than minimum wage for pay. Disgusting person.
Lets welcome more Republican vultures that want to take away healthcare from us so they can reward their millionaire donors with tax cuts.
When Republicans place America in financial ruin this time; I hope Americans do not forget and place them back in charge of the Congress.
No help. You won't be leading them though.
