Schumer: President Trump’s decision to end the cost-sharing program was an act of impulsive malice with no benefit and to no end.
You and fellow R hated to see people being served.  Shame on you for following party line to detriment of yr constituents
Vote Cornyn out. That is how you get heard!
You are a failure.  You will be repealed and replaced in 1,110 days.
Congress fails to do its job and attend to the will of the people.  Tragic.  No solutions.  Simply self-congratulations on destruction!
You're in the Senate. Failure to fund it is on you and your congressional colleagues. You're elected to help your constituents, remember?
Do you realize how far down I had to scroll to find a semi-positive reply? When will your constituents' obvious disagreement sink in? #jfc
The eyes of Texas voters are upon you.
Sound like you been drinking the Trump cool aid so I'm sure you condone all of his stupidity that spews from him. Repeal and replace both u!
so do your job and fix that, John. Work with Mccain on bipartisan bill to fix. Dont just destroy like Trump. Be a better man
It was the end of another illegal action taken by BO.
You & .@GOP did everything to make the ACA fail. Why are you against people getting healthcare? Your healthcare is fully paid by us
It was a failure of CONGRESS. So what is YOUR plan to protect US?? Dau has breast cancer. What is YOUR plan to help? Are you PRO LIFE???
Or are you just pro birth, not so much for thd already living?  What about CHIP?  Medicare?  Senator, I vote. And I'm not happy with you.
Legally?
Trump pulls the very rug out from under sick people's feet b/c it wasn't appropriated by Congress and you're OK with that.
How can you endorse an idiot like Dan Patrick??
Youre lying. Trump has been open about trying to make the markets fail. Why do you hate Obama so much? Is it because he's Black?
Like a farmer plants in rich soil, then the dog just pisses on it. Twit is the dog in this parable, in case partisan hack Cornyn missed it
Stop with the baseless lies. Congress and therefore you failed. How about you man up and do what's actually good for Texas and resign?
ACA was sabotaged by poorest state "red" they think what they had was obamacare. Trump loves the uneducated.
Sen Cornyn,please review budget cutting billions from Medicaid &Medicare.Not how to treat sick. elderly,children in America.People not walls
Also. When have you ever helped people more than your corporate master's? Never
Let's say you're right: What, then, did YOU do to fix it? As has been repeatedly pointed out the payments reduced federal costs overall
No, it was a deliberate action of GOP congress not to fund the law in order to undermine Obama presidency.
Presidency? I think not, as has been described elsewhere- crimespree
You are unbelievable!  U had 8 yrs to come up with better plan. And failed. You and Trump are failures. Instead of blaming, do something
Which leads you call it a failure most of us that depend on the ACA call it #Lifesaving but then we aren't paid by big pharma.
You never have anything to say worth hearing @JohnCornyn
It's the failure of republicans to deal with it.  You are playing with people's lives because OBAMA's name is attached to a campain promise
Why is it so hard for U to do right by Americans? You are aware most people want ACA to continue? But you're above listening to constituency
Trump and Bannon going to take you out anyway.
Senator Cornym you serve at the pleasure of your constituents. Fix the ACA
Are you a YES for cutting Medicaid by a TRILLION & Medicare by 472 BILLION this week? Where is CHIP funding? #fakeprolife
ACA was doomed to fail because of  Congressional apathy, and WH jealousy, because a Black Man fashioned it to help all Americans.
It was and remains the largest power grab in the history of the federal government
Trump is working to kill Obamacare and try to make it look like an accident.
Thing I used to tell my 7th graders: making constant excuses for your inaction is actually much more exhausting than just doing the work.
Also. You've had 8 years to fix this. If obamacare was so bad and YOU can't fix it In 8 years then you are not fit for office
Mercy, senator, all this blaming and no mercy.
BS. You kill people to gain political advantage.  That's what it comes down to.  That's what he did and that's what you're defending.
Do you think the way to solve it is to leave people high and dry?
No John it was a failing of congress in which you are a part of. Blame is all Trump and GOP. Own your BS John
Says the senator from the state with the most people uninsured. Shame!
BullShit! John, just BullShit! and lies. Lake of fire for all eternity, weeping and gnashing of teeth. Repent your lies John!
This is your failure, @JohnCornyn  Congress must appropriate these funds to protect ALL OF US from absorbing the cost.
We now all expect the President to screw us in as many ways as possible. We need you to take action to protect us.
and what have you and the rest of congress done for me lately?
It was a #SAD FAILURE of the Republican Majority in the Senate that they couldn’t #Repel&Replace #Obamacare #TermLimits @RedNationRising
Congress didn’t appropriate the program b/c GOP obstructed ACA. You caused this, bless your heart.
It was GOP sabotage!! Shame on you!! Russian puppets!
Funny that you haven’t complained once about president executive “order”
No, Mr. Cornyn it was insensitive at best and ignorant at best and does not consider unto the least of these - those without Healthcare
Seriously? This was not appropriated by congress either. The stench of death is on you and ur legacy. U people are evil personified. Bye.
Senator. Please. You have GOT to do better.
You failed to rectify the situation because you wanted the ACA to fail.
I always had rate increases for 36 years. Didn't get ACA subsidy. But ACA prevents bankruptcies. Seven @GOP years of nothing to save lives.
court ruled illegal , giving billions to companies making billions isn't what government is about, unless agenda is above people
It was a Repub. move to sabotage the healthcare of millions. Instead of supporting the traitorous fake pres. work on universal healthcare.
The @GOP have deliberately undermined citizen/taxpayer healthcare, while preening before C-Span cameras and enjoying their own insurance. 
it was a typo. stop putting obstructionist ideology before Texan's lives!
Obamacare no longer exists. Now it is Trumpcare. Republicans have all the power and responsibility for Americans’ healthcare.
IT was rather cynical because DJT knew about CSR negotiationss.
Congress fault for not appropriating CSR, the irony you folks will be appropriating the money, finally.
You are a failure as a Senator from the great state of Texas. How about fixing O'care for your constituents?
Trumps actions is Obama's fault? Nice
Own it. You're part of Congress. We are so tired of the partisan maneuvering for the sake of "winning." Don't cut medicaid/care/CHIP.
It was the failure of those charged w/ ensuring those subsidies got paid by the goverment. Now people will lose coverage & possibly die.
You are a failure to Texas. Please do not run again. We need compassion and decency.
Nope....it was sabotaged. You break it, you buy it so maybe you should shift your focus to fixing it. ~ one of your constituents
Yes. Subsidizing it was illegal. POTUS is upholding the law is my understanding.
I called your DC office last night .Worry about other issues besides who's at fault. Take care of constituents.Speak out against Trump words
The payments could've kept being paid while Congress worked it out. Wasn't the court already saying this?
@realDonaldTrump cut payments as a political show 4 his base who is very likely 2 suffer as a result
Why did United health care just report record profits, if ACA is in a death spiral??  Quit the lies and fix healthcare. Lower Medicare buy in age to 55
When our elected officials care more about a political win than the welfare of their constituents it is time for them to go.  Get out John.
We do not believe a word out of your mouth anymore.
Liar you need to stop lying to yourself!
So your plan for action is what, Senator?
Your election was a failure of Texas.
No, sir, it was a failure of the #progessivedems that didn't read the bill b4 they passed it & #BHO in his thirst 4 a grab at 1/6 of economy
Texas deserves better than Cornyn and GOP policies.
This is your failure to not act to implement improvements to ACA vs just sabotage.  Your inaction hurts all Texans.  So your job!
POTUS Trump just agreed to legislation to fund csrs.
But you could have done it. Such BS
Pure  malice helps country NOT. 7 years NO plan on your part. Shameful.
How you going to fix it?  I’m a Texan and I vote!

In this case, they're both right. Due to a pretty clear drafting error, Congress did not appropriate funding for that program in ACA bill.
That's a load of crap. The GOP sabotaged the ACA by not funding it properly. You hate Obama's legacy more than you care about people.
Show us a better plan
so you want to subsidize billion dollar insurance companies, ACA, handouts by obama raised insurance stocks 400%, yes he made em
No, the Moron did it n GOP is complicit
Which is legally true.  But in our state alone, 600K people impacted by the President's decision.  Legally true; morally irresponsible.
Millions may loose health care and you want to talk about the past. People need help today and in the upcoming year!
#VoteCornynOUT
#TexasDeservesBetter
#OutWithTheTroll

This will be a test of whether the Republican Party has any interest in governing the country they are in charge of https://nyti.ms/2kVUsdO 
This is all on your party John.  Ted will answer in 18 and you in 20.
Then fund it.
Where is the repeal? You only represent yourself and the $$$payoff
Okay, so why don't .@JohnCornyn and .@SenSchumer bring it up for discussion on the Senate floor so it can be vetted and voted on
that’s a failure of congress - but I appreciate a white supremacist like you cant understand that
ACA failing is the result of Replutocrat belief that QUALITY health care, like private jets, should only be available to well-to-do. Own it.
Don't you get tired of lying to us.Angry u keep sabatoge ACA and won't work with Dems to stregnth/improve it as MAJORITY American keep sayg
What part of ILLEGAL pay-outs does @SenSchumer not understand?
the votes to do it. YOU FAILED!  But still, you go after it; Something that helped so many people (and also failed some people), something
that still works and is FIXABLE and DOABLE!!  Here’s an idea; why don’t you people find a way to work with the other side and fix what’s
sabotage. Plain and simple.
As a health actuary and your constituent, if you are anti-deficit, fund the CSRs. APTCs spending > CSR spending. Cut the partisanship.
.@SenSchumer is just a socialist/communist that wants the government to pay for everything so the Dems can threaten the voters.
It’s being broken on your watch. Now you own it. Either fix it or be prepared to take the blame at the polls.
Resign if you don't know how to govern, John.
Obamacare didn’t fail, you bloody Republicans did everything within your power to break it, poison it, repeal it...and you couldn’t get the
Sounds more like a failure of Congress than a failure of Obamacare.
I became a San Antonio Spurs fan last night. The coach was talking primarily about you and trump.  Shame on you, John.
So appropriate it. Failure to do so with cost the federal government billions.
It was failure of GOP to work in bipartisan  manner to help US citizens (not in 1%)
So you're saying that your party is guilty of consciously tanking this program that effects the health of millions. Hypocrite fool.
But this ties your responsibility as you are a member of Congress, so where does the buck stop? How do you intend to FIX it?
You are a failure.
How do we get Cornyn out of office?  He clearly does not represent the "majority voice" and needs in Texas.
To the extent ACA is failing it is because of efforts by people like you to sabotage rather than improve it. Real failure is GOP leadership.

It was the job of congress to fix a technical error.And the court allowed payments until you do.This is your failure. Own it.
Are you really that delusional? I see that you plan to defend that cretin in the White House until the bitter end.
Lies, lies lies....
We see right through you Senator Cornyn.It is now republican Trumpcare.Own it because as our costs skyrocket and millions lose insurance
can we get respect back into the oval office
  can we get dignity back into the oval office
 and  honesty  back in the oval office
Are you going to give up the healthcare the taxpayer provides for you as a show of good faith?   Your taking mine?
You understand lying is just as big of a sin as cheating and stealing?
My health care costs are going to skyrocket because of this.  Your my senator what are you going to do?
Well what are going to do about it?  You guys just stole reasonable heath insurance from my family in Texas!?!
To me it looks like the regulatory equivalent of pushing car off a cliff because it has a flat tire. ACA had problems that could be fixed.
Or could have been before Trump took it down at a weak point.
If Congress fails to appropriate funds for the military, is that a failure of the military, or in Congress?  We aren’t stupid.
#SocialismSucks
Once again you fail as a senator that represents Texas best interest. Still voting party over country. You are so indebted to big $$
Neither was the Iraq war under Bush. Hmmmm
Funny how so many R’s call Obamacare a failure, but can’t/won’t provide specifics showing how it failed or how to fix it.
159 Republican Amendments disagree
Isn't that like saying "Sure, I said I'd pay you but I didn't say how therefore I don't have to pay you?"
Do you even know what your job is?
You are so lame.
You and your republican colleagues made it a failure.
A GOP planned failure. GOP and you have a long history of trying to repeal it. If course you'll continue any way you can to take it away.
Stop lying...gop breaks it and then says it broken...look up risk corredar
you're just a little trump parrot. quit blaming Dems for your failures, for your cruelty to Americans
You're a failure for the state of Texas!
Congress (GOP) has done everything in its power to spike ACA premiums behind the scenes. Trump just made it overt.
Repectfully @JohnCornyn, with Rs in majority, there was a failure to pass a new healthcare bill
You guys basically controlled Congress for 6 years and literally control it right now but somehow this isn't your fault? Nice try.
Eight+ years of whining about it is quite long enough. Fix it already.
Can’t O be held financially responsible for illegally spending taxpayer $’s to fund OCare?
Sorry john your party owns this mess. All of it
It was a failure of the GOP in obstructing and trying to sabotage the ACA every step of the way from start to finish
I'd say you and your entire caucus act like nine year old children, except I've seen student councils more functional and mature than the current Congress.
You & all your cronies are cowards for not booting out 45. Your hair would’ve been on fire if 44 had done 1 % of what 45 is doing. Cowards!
Ending subsidies was a Trump option...was NOT required. He CHOSE to hurt poor folks. You seem happy. Why?
@DSenFloor @realDonaldTrump  actions will cause insurance companies to raise premiums to make up difference of CSR @MSNBC
Well old white rich man, what is stopping you from appropriations and CHIP? Oh yeah, tax breaks for billionaires.
At this point we really just need u to do ur job and think about the people not a party.
So, what's the answer? Why does every other 1st world country have universal health care with low cost & we're killing ourselves over here?
It was deliberate sabotage.  You and DJT own it.
Christ alive, John, I know you haven't had original thought in your life but could you TRY to come up with some new dumbshit things to say?
Gop would not act. Obama did the best to help Americans
More lies from a another worthless Republican politician
No this is on the R-party you did nothing to improve it just sabotage it. You all own it now. It is no longer o-care it is trumpcare.
It will cost both the government and consumers more. Lose-lose. Good luck to the AGs fighting this stupidity in court.
A failure of John cornyn! You did nothing for eight years. All your fault.
You are responsible for any death caused by 45 undermining ACA. I hold you personally responsible.
You’re a deceitful lying man.
As described by the TownCryer
You are right @JohnCornyn ! It was totally illegal and a payoff to the big evil insurance companies! 
Give me a break. You own #TrumpCare so you better be prepared for backlash. Live it, Own it, Love it.
#TrumpcareSucks
Exactly!
It was entirely discretionary, pretending otherwise is just bullshit

Why don't you just appropriate the program then? The CSR part of the law was never a failure.
It was plain sabotage by the GOP, instead of fixing it you are now screwing your constituents, they will remember you John, bc I will!

The only failures in Congres are GOP leaders putting party over people. You should be ashamed
Do your job. Work with Dems to repair the ACA!
You must be thrilled at the prospective to kill thousands of your constituents! Once we're dead, you won't be reminded that you're a sellout
and a lied and Trump/Putin's lab dog. What you are not is a Texan! Texans have integrity, you do not!
That’s a very one-sided viewpoint.
Lying John is just like lying Ted. Both have thier lips firmly planted on the a$$ of trump. Both happy to kill Americans.
Loyal soldier, mindlessly repeating the party line. It's a failure of Trump-and all R's in Congress share in what he is doing to the country
Excuse me, how many exec orders has Trump signed which are NOT appropriated by Congress? You literally preach out of both sides of ur mouth
Not true
One benefit of trump is that we have gotten the opportunity to see which of our representatives are in it for themselves .
Obamacare did not "fail"; it is being actively sabotaged and destroyed.
There is something wrong in the head with you.
Ol' pass the buck John. Shut up and govern.
You've had 8 years to fix it, but have nothing because it appeases your insurance company donors who have continued to profit exponentially
And the Republicans sabotaged the program and Trumps current sabotage is criminal. You can lie all you want but it won't change the truth!
Senator - you had the chance to work with Obama to create a healthcare plan. You had the chance to create your own over seven years. R=FAIL.
