ITA but #SusanRice has proven that she can look right into the camera & lie, would it be different under oath? Idk...
FALSE
Lolol
#fullrepeal of obamacare  Now!!  #MAGA 
NOPE
A president with Russia mob ties sets out to burn down out govt and you were silent.Time for ind investigation and special pros.
Russian mob ties?! #Trumpderangementsyndrome
His ties aren't really in dispute (Trump Tower inhabitants, real estate deals, friendships).Dispute is only about what they mean.
Okay, but Obama minions are not known for telling the truth even when under oath. What then?
FALSE
What is false? And could you provide links to proof that whatever is false is false? Thank you for your patronage on Twitter.
Your local Public Library can assist you with understanding why your statement is FALSE.  They help those at all learning levels.
Standard cop out from someone who has no links. To your credit, you didn't suggest I "google it".  As a former librarian, I appreciate that.
Why did she listen to communications for almost a year? Who gave her the order? Who did she leak intel to?
You might want to check her job description.  Geez.
The much bigger piece this morning is from Pollack at Daily Caller.

TARGETED DOMESTIC SPYING AGAINST TRUMP
FALSE
Why WOULDNT she lie? U have 2have a conscience, morality, integrity & care for others 2 B truthful. There is nothing here 4her 2 pull from!!
FALSE
Please don't get distracted from investigating Trump ties to Russia. The issue that harms us most is Russia's influence on executive branch.
what's more important here, Senator: leaking info of Russian collusion, or Russian collusion?
So Rice is a big deal but actual collusion with Russians not so much.
She needed to tell the truth about #Benghazi too, yeah right. Fat chance on the testifying. Accountability is not a virtue of the Left.
FALSE
Rice was doing her job, Cornyn should try doing his job sometime.
If they ask her to testify under oath, she will lie.
FALSE
Da, comrade. Am in hearty agreement for investigation of stand in the way of glorious leader of Union of American Soviet States.
And who said jokes in a Russian idiom are nyet funny?
You know what will come right after being sworn in and asked the first question. #SusanRice will immediately invoke her 5th amendment right.
FALSE
#OBAMA #WhiteHouse logs indicate #SusanRice consumed unmasked intel on Trump associates
Yawn.  You might want to read her job description.
John since when did you care if someone was under oath to tell the truth. Trumps cabinet.They all lied and got caught. AND? NADA NOTHING
completely agree. let’s do this. #TrumpRussia
FALSE
No problem.  YOU need to ensure that a Special Prosecutor is selected to investigate the #TrumpRussia connection!

#DoYourJob
You are a partisan instead of an American
I say Trump colluded with the Russians. He MUST testify under oath too, right?!?
@ a Grand Jury Would Suffice .@JohnCornyn @WSJopinion
see how well that worked out for the knuckleheads y'all confirmed?
Problem is she'll probably take the 5th
a good attorney might want to think of the answers before he asks the question. She could very well help the Senate investigation.
To say the Least
I doubt testifying under oath would even bring out the truth.
Rice needs to come clean with the truth, of which I doubt she will supply.
Rice requested info thru proper channels as part of her job. Her request was approved by IC. This is hogwash.
But I'm sure she'll be happy to testify as an expert witness at T's impeachment hearings.
You and your colleagues need to control our goofy President who is intellectually lazy.
She will take the 5th. Then hang her
Surely you jest. As if any of these people have qualms about perjury.
Thanks SEN Cornyn for leading this! 
Watch Mark Levin's EP247, Intelligence Information Used Against Trump; it's helpful; excellent analysis
@zebra78610 @WSJopinion why bother do you really think she would b charged not a dam chance bud nobody at state gets charged
She will plead the 5th and that will be the end if that. Same as Lynch...
right I say stop jerking us around no charges will be filed GOP is communist lite they fucking us too
A Grand Jury must be convened! This is a matter for DoJ these are serious, multiple felonies that involve all of the Senior Intelligence Os!
Yes! I think she will willingly tell all she knows. That's REALLY ok with you? Tread carefully... the dominoes may begin to fall.
Rice would still lie!!!
Rice as National Security Adviser had every right to ask. You assumed she leaked it.
We do not want #Fake hearings just 4 show or to pacify us. It is criminal to leak classified intel. 18 U.S. Code §
Dear Obama/Rice defenders.
I got you a gift.
Will she be above the law, too?
Yeh, I'm 100% certain NOTHING WILL HAPPEN TO ANY LEAKERS. Congressional Investigations are where the truth goes to die.
your non-concern about Russian collusion & Sessions' perjury really leaves no leg to stand on when calling for others to testify under oath
She was doing her job, @JohnCornyn
She was investigating Russian spies interfering with our election and Trump campaign got swept up because they were colluding. Good luck.
what in the world is wrong with you? #partisanhack #CountryOverParty
What a waste of time and resources. If she did unmask, she did so securely, and within the role and security clearance of her job.
you people are truly awful.  Just despicable at every turn.  Trust me, this is not what you want.
What will happen if she does?
Sorry, here's the link: http://ln.is/www.dni.gov/files/do/JVVfD …
She better have a valid reason to unmask USPERS, otherwise she violated USSID 18 Section 7.2  http://ln.is/ln.is/www.dni.gov/3Yn76 …… …
She will lie. It’s what she does.
#Putin while we're at it, we'll get @CondoleezzaRice to testify about #Iraq and @ricekrispies #snap #crackle #pop on #gmo #shame
