Bipartisanship is not a virtue in itself. It's a choice.
Remember when Obama was President and you worked with him on a bipartisan basis and didn't filibuster anything?
This tweet of his proves he doesn't think things through, doesn't it?
Fighting ZIka. This is about to be a major issue again, clown in the White House or no.
infrastructure plan. Tax repatriation. Comprehensive immigration reform
Hey, why don't we investigate Trump's ties to Russia? You're my Senator, do something about it.
when does it end crazies right left running ruining this country be brave senator like weicker baker were
Amen.
Is there any shred of decency or morality in the GOP worth supporting?
No, and I believe after backing treasonous Trump for so long, after impeachment 99%of GOP will loose elected office
Impeaching Trump. Get that done, then move on to other business.
Rs threw a pants shitting hissy fit refusing to work with BHO for EIGHT YEARS. You don't get to pull this card
Who are the "inquiring minds", name them? Please don't be hypocritical, that is dishonorable & lacks integrity.
that's calling the kettle black?
I am at a loss as well. 
You must think we aren't paying attention.
when Ds compromise Rs move the goal post e.g. gave up single payer for mandate, carbon tax for cap and trade, both compromises
When did the GOP work with @POTUS44 ?  You guys are full of CRAP
Now you value working across the isle. This is your broken ass system. Tweeting won't fix it. Electing new and less hypocritical pols might
controlling health care costs. Government ethics reform. Additional russia sanctions. Nuclear disarmament.
Bipartisan investigation into #RussianTies
easy; most want gun safety; ind commission look at russia ties; infrastructure spending and not being cruel
Russia, infrastructure, Medicare for all single payer health care. Really quite easy.
Infrastructure. Improving our schools. Raising wages. Reducing economic inequality. Protecting minorities.Reducing gun violence.
anything that'd please your shared corporate donors comes to mind. Aren't you all bribed/owned by the same oligarchs?
tell me how many things republicans were working with in a bipartisan way the last 8 years

i’ll wait...
Don't get all sanctimonious. It was less than a year ago that you and yours blocked any and all propositions by Pres. Obama
infrastructure  education environment   I'm a moderate Republican who unfortunately sides with dems 90percent of time. 1 of 2
have repubs done that the last 8 years?
Didn't you guys basically steal a seat on the Supreme Court?
fixing ACA, infrastructure, fair taxes, humane immigration, Russia investigation. We'd work with you on all of it. Try listening
How about we get together and investigate the Russian agent in the WH and #gop plot to put him there? Let's work together for US
I suggest you choose a few D Texans and spend the day with us. Get to know us and what is really bothering us. That'll help!
You won't even meet with us. How can you be at a loss? I'm a native Texan,  love to talk. Let's do lunch! Schedule meeting!
well it would help if both sides took a step back towards reality and leave LaLa Land for a while!
hypocrite.
hmmm maybe the same thing the Republicans were willing to work on with the Dems during the past 8 years??
Healthcare! The current system is genocide of the poor esp in Tx which didn't take fed funds
wind power expansion in Texas!!!!!! We are the leader in the USA we could be in the world but China and Costa Rica are ahead!
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem.
will treat with same respect you gave President Obama. Block him at every turn. And he wasn't a criminal!
they are working on Sedition, civil unrest and obstruction of Pres. Trump. #seditionists.
pot, meet kettle
So very glad Dems won't help remove our safety/consumer/environment regs and make more $$ for corporations. #resist #getintheway
Says the most obstructionist GOP in history. LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL #resist #getintheway
Name one thing congressional Rs were willing to work on, on a bipartisan basis WITH OBAMA IN OFFICE? You ARE lost.
since when did you care? When were Republicans ready to work as bipartisan? Answer: never
Come to a town hall meeting and we'll chat. You need a new employee on your Twitter feed. Breitbart is yesterday's fake news.
Clean air & water. Not losing healthcare. Dealing with skyrocketing prescription costs. Educating our children. To name a few..
Screw you.   All of you in the GOP obstructed for 8 years.  Now you want bipartisanship?
Inquiring minds want to know: name one thing congressional Rs worked on, on a bipartisan basis, under Obama.  I am at a loss.
Russiagate?!
An Espionage Investigation regarding a subvert attempt by the Russians to interfere in our democracy? Let's start there.
one thing? How about #trumpRussia investigation.
I believe that congressional Ds wld be happy 2 help you impeach trumpy and get America a new leader who's NOT INSANE! Ask them~
How about move to amend the Constitution to get $ out of politics? How about term limits? How about special prosecutor to
investigate this administrations ties to Russia? So many! Call me and we can talk about it.
it's YOUR JOB to find common ground and negotiate! You need to take a lesson in conflict resolution. #DoYourJob
Impeachment
Name one thing the GOP didn't block or try to obstruct in 8 years of Obama. I got nothing.
How long do we tolerate this laughable presidency? We have already given him too long.
just about anything that is ACTUALLY good for American working families. But you don't care abt that stuff, so nothing I guess.
You wouldn't be @ a loss if you really tried working collaboratively vs photo ops &  what you think are bon mots. Get to work!
A bipartisan investigation into Trump's campaign would be a great start.
After 8 years, which included an unlawful  GOP refusal to confirm a SCOTUS pick, you can't blame D's for not playing nice.
I got a list if you'd have a town hall and listen to your constituents you wimp.
#1 Bipartisan investigation into Russian collusion.
Huge hypocrite @JohnCornyn was part of GOP leadership that met night of Obama inauguration and vowed no coop on any bill. Ever.
I would imagine at this point they are willing to work as hard as the Republicans worked with President Obama for 8 years.
Republicans already have the majority but are too used to losing to use it.  Stop whining and GET IT DONE!
all the same things you were unwilling to work on or blocked, for the last 8 years of not being an inquiring mind.
impeachment baby!  olbermann nailed it.  trump's a chump.  you know it.  do it for your kids and grandkids.  stand w/the Ds
you have an amazingly short memory
why should they?  GOP = Obstruction from 2008-2016. Sucks, doesn't it?
They've been working with Rs to screw the American working class for 40 years. Dunno what more you want.
Your senatorial career has been a "loss" for the country. You have sacrificed principals for ideology in support of a narcissist
An immigration bill for starters. Who blew up the "grand bargain" on the budget. If I recall it was your party, I am a Texan.
I'm at a loss that you don't see how previous 8yrs set this up.
Hiding behind the mantra of "unleashing the economy" in order to eff over the consumer and our environment? Pass.
- why doesn't the Senator start a bi-partisan effort to rid us of a madman.
- doesn't the Senat
- as a Texan i have no representation at all  because of Sen Cornyn. 1 party - 1 dictatorship.
.@JohnCornyn Americans are NOT trump. when you figure that out, you'll have the answer to this.
GOP said famously said" Our number 1 goal is to make Obama a 1 term president." So you all did nothing tohelp pass another thing
What did you work on in the past 8yrs?
.@JohnCornyn John, take a walk back in your memory - way back to 2013, 2014, 2015, and ask this query of Rs and the party of no.
Silly question @JohnCornyn. What abt d entire Obama admin. Have U forgotten? We haven't. These games r beneath u, own what u did! @missLtoe
Job training programs, reasoned environ protections/Carbon tax, sensible infrastructure bill, fair budgeting, crimjustice reform
Impeachment!
Clean energy.
While you not only won't work with Dem's you won't work with your Texas Constituents!  Who do you think you're fooling?
what were you willing to do besides obstruct President Obama?
Saving healthcare for millions, avoiding $54B def budget increase, not building a silly wall, investigating Trump/Russia ties!
. @JohnCornyn serious question:
after the election i heard that both parties want to address sentencing reform
not true?
.@JohnCornyn For each bipartisan gesture by the GOP between 2009-16, we will name two that Dems will work on now. You start.
Well I would be happy to advise my D Congressman if I weren't being adversely affected by  taking away ACA and harming immigrant children.
If you held a town hall or picked up your phone your constituents would tell you. #doyourjob
Healthcare,Russian ties to the WH, infrastructure and impeachment
am at a loss to name one thing you obstructionists have done in the past 10-17 years.
You should know John, since you avoided working with Pres. Obama for years
Investigating the entire #Trumprussia  Administration for treason.
I can guarantee tireless dedication.
They'll also work w/Repubs to impeach this pathological liar of a president we have. Can't have a leader with such low character
They've always wanted infrastructure investment. Still do! Will work w/Repubs on that
Name one Democratic majority that deliberately attempted to shut down a Republican presidency.
and when presented with the same opportunity to work with Obama what did you do? Yep...fought him at every turn.
you forget that you have been part of the party of no for years. They learned from the best #karma
can you explain why you're taking away our healthcare but have nothing to replace it with .I'm. SURE YOU have great insurance
you're joking, right ?
Hlthcr, infrstrctr, wages, edctn, jstc rfrm, imgrtn rfrm. Rs last 8 yrs, only obstructed. Ds wrk w any to move cntry frwrd.
infrastructure, Veterans, Healthcare, etc. GOP is the party of NO. You voted AGAINST Veterans. #deplorable
We're learning they were right in NO votes. The Veterans in need, PRE9/11 were left behind in major bills.
D's have been clamoring for infrastructure bills since 2009...also don't claim to want bipartisanship now after 8yr obstructing
Democrats are folliwing the Republican example when Obama was president. They set the precedent and whar an example that was !!!
infrastructure since you don't believe in woman's rights, climate change or health care for everyone
, a bipartisan committee to investigate Russian interference in our government should be something y'all agree on.
Yes, all #Democrats in #Congress should cooperate with #Republicans to the exact degree the reverse happened under Obama.
there is nothing to@work@on.  This admin hasn't come up with anything good yet and I don't anticipate them doing so either.
Name one thing that congressional Rs were willing to work on the last eight years, on a bipartisan basis.  You lose.
Turnabout is fair play. Reminds me of how the @GOP stymied Obama. & he wasn't crazy like @realDonaldTrump sorry. U asked for it
we have asked them to be as "non partisan" as republicans were with Obamas justice pick.  Sucks, right?  I vote in TX.
Where were you on holding a vote on #MerrickGarland?
Impeaching Trump, investigation of Russian interference in the election, and putting Trump's cronies in prison?
GOP spent 8yrs literally shutting gov down rather than compromise and you can't figure out why they don't like you?
I think what we need to do is arrest/detain Trump and his cabinet and go ahead and put Hillary in. 

*******SHE WON*******
Impeachment
impeachment
Impeachment? Infrastructure? Investigations?
Cant both sides work together to get spelling lessons for Trump?
why would anyone call you? You don't answer the phone or comprehend an email's message. #reelectioniscoming
because R congress was so cooperative and bipartisan, right?
that tweet kind of back fired on you, didn't it?
Name one thing Republicans worked on in a bipartisan basis in the last 8 years. Obstructionism begats obstructionism.
energy efficiency and clean energy standards, infrastructure projects, adding more STEM class work in schools.
Infrastructure spending and jobs bills ya know the ones that repukes never let go to the floor 4 a vote "bipartisan" 3/16/17!
.@JohnCornyn Are you fucking serious? Entire GOP strategy during Obama presidency was obstructionism.
Impeachment.
Name one thing Republicants are willing to investigate the so-called president on?
probably what their constituents directed them to do, unlike GOP who does what they want not listening to anyone
sounds like what you did for 8 years.
45's impeachment, you fool!
Infrastructure/innovation/jobs, repatriating $1.2 Trillion offshore profits, revenue-neutral carbon tax, clean energy/storage
Many progressives have REALLY high IQs (above 160) & could make you look like a rock star. But, first gotta deal w/psychos in WH
why not a project to wipe out the mosquitoes that carry zika, dengue and malaria. It would save more lives than anything else
All of you GOP were absentee politician 8 years when Obama was the President. Why? Is it bec. he is a Dem or bec. He is black? @JohnCornyn
No, that's not until 2020. In the meantime, remember the last eight years, loser.
Investigating and Impeaching Trump? They'll be happy to work with you on that. And I'd like to see it!
What? Melania steals Michelle's speech so you plagiarize what Barack had to say about GOP Congress for last 8 years?
Never mind,  we've seen YOUR view of "bipartisan" which is unipartisan.  You are out in 2018.
investigating Russian ties and their influence on the election. Holding trumpet accountable for his lies. What are you doing?
why should they? For 8 years no one in the GOP did. Trump is YOUR problem now
Sounds familiar. Republicans did the same thing for 8 straight years. #Karmaisabitch
You work 4 Putin.  Trump & the rest of you Gargoyles that enable him are middle management. Independent Investigation 4 Dem help
tell me....what were you willing to work with prior administration on? #2018
@LagunaMary1 inter structure, roads and bridges
An investigation into Trump stealing the election, saving the Endangered species act, sensible gun control....
infrastructure
Stay at a loss. We'll take care of fixing this catastrophe you and your old boys club have created. How do you face yourself?
.@JohnCornyn How about an independent investigation into #russiagate?
health care, infrastructure, budget.  All things Rs obstructed for 6 yrs.  Rs own all now and still NOTHING. Can't blame Ds now
impeachment? investigation (legit, independent) into Russian ties/interference? the confirmation of merrick garland?#youwanker
is it a little bit of the de ja'vue with what the ridiculous GOP did to stalwart Obama for 8 years!!! #EpicFail
a comprehensive investigation into Russia's involvement in the Trump administration.
You first.  Name one thing Rs worked on a bi-partisan basis 2009-2016.
Some good suggestions here. Let's get cracking on impeaching our sorry excuse of a President.
impeachment
Impeachment.
hmmmm...impeachment, independent investigation into Russian ties, demanding tax returns, refining ACA, immigration reform
Try a comprehensive investigation of ties to Russia. That'll get your
 Democratic colleagues to work with you.
what were YOU willing to work on, on a bipartisan basis, during the previous presidency? I am at a loss.
This is silly and you know it. The GOP is in control of both houses so you don't need Dems to do anything.
Indep commission on #TrumpRussia
#Impeachment
Improving ACA
Infrastructure
Wealth inequality
Fair taxation
21st century jobs
Criminal justice reform
Humane immigration reform
Ethics, transparency, accountability in government
Environmental justice
if by 'willing to work on' you mean cave to R demands, sorry. name one thing Rs were willing to work on for the last 8 years.
how'd you work with Obama?
.@JohnCornyn The GOP spent 7yrs bashing the #ACA and now refuse to reveal their #repeal plan to  @SenateDems.
IMPEACHMENT Open your eyes Trump et al ties with Russia/Putin.  #CountryOverParty
that's rich given the Congressional GOP's behavior for the last 8 years
Hm. The need of a $21b wall, Russian interf with election '16, inc. in defense budget necessary, prescrps cost more here: why?
Bet you were doing that under Obama eh?
an indep. investigation into Russian interference in election.  Also ACA, justice, tax and Dodd-Frank reform  - a TX constituent
also immigration reform and confirmation of a moderated Supreme Court justice. - a TX constituent
HR 669.
in case you missed it Hillary won the popular vote by a lot
tell us about all those bipartisan days when Obama was president.
