Shame on you, little man.  You will be silenced in 2020 when we vote you out.
These statements show very little concern or respect for all of the constituent calls made against Jeff Sessions to your office.
Texas should be ashamed of you, you apparently like bigots and racists Sessions is a HUGE bigot
disgraceful.  You will be voted out,,
stay on offense, no prisoners, get price confirmed, repeal replace aca
Houston needs more and better light rail.  Senator, please stop playing politics and pay attention to your constituents
As a constituent, I am respectfully asking you to vote NO.
Also...the GOP is an embarrassment. I hope you enjoy your jobs while you have. Can't wait for the next elections.
U WONT BE HERE YOU WILL BE DEPORTED ALONG WITH EVERY OTHER TRAITOR WHO WANTS THIS COUNTRY TO FAIL I GUESS UR MISSING OB
If I wanted this country to fail, I would support all the crooked, rich men who are lying to those naive enough to believe-like u
He needs to resign circa 7 pm this evening.  #perjury
I am a constituent. Please tell me why you support Jeff Sessions as attorney general. Your answer will determine my vote for you
#@congressmandumbass how does it feel dismantling 228 years of American excellence?
NO No NO he's racist
HORRIBLE idea!! You guys are not representing the majority if you vote him in.
God you're an incompetent ass. You don't listen to your constituents. You don't have my vote, or anyone one I know.. bye.
Coward!
Admit that you are a coward that puts party before the best interests of the nation. You don't serve trump. You serve US.
2020 is coming soon.
shame on you & @tedcruz, I will definitely be voting against you in #2018 & #2020! I'll be seeing you...
Yeah. Me too
Once again, you put party above country. Kiss your cushy job goodbye in the next election.
- that's nothing to be proud of. Luckily we have time til '20 to get someone that listens to all of us in TX. #uworkforus
If only your voting errors were as easy to correct.
Thank you Senator and the #GOP for putting a public racist in charge of our laws. #2018 #Sessions
Very disappointed in you, Sen. Cornyn.
as your constituent, I am opposed to Jeff Sessions and urge you to vote against his appointment.
welcome to the swamp Jefferson.
after you told the little lady to sit, shame on you little man, #resist @SenWarren has more brains than you'll ever know
and he will cower just like you.  He has no respect for the judiciary. You have no respect for us. And AG Yates DID HER JOB.
keep lying to us as well as yourself.
That's it, vote for a bigot for AG. About your speed for being a KKK sympathizer.
Of course he will. You all cower at the idea of voting your conscience and facing Trump's wrath. Be a man. #AnybodyElse2020
You represent fear, hate and bigotry.
.@JohnCornyn Senator, this is just one more reason that I will be actively campaigning against you in 2020. We need LESS injustice, not more
Answer your phone Coward.
GOP wouldn't  #LetLizSpeak because the truth hurts. USA going down in flames hurts more. #CountryOverParty and it better be fast
#CountryOverParty because you are on the #WrongSideOfHistory by staying on the trump bus. It's inevitable and you KNOW it
about time! He is one of the most honorable men in gov.
what an injustice to MLK and civil rights
This constituent of yours wants you to vote #NoOnSessions
little John, your office is not answering the phone or responding to email, your Facebook page is not accepting posts.  Hiding?
finally thank you for those that supported
You should know your grandkids, their kids & all future baby Cornyns will be ashamed of carrying your genetic material.
when are you going to investigate Russian involvement in our election?
You must call McConnell on his horrendous behavior. Not ok to silence what you don't want to hear. 1st amendment.
.@JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz constituent here. Why would you support a racist the senate has already rejected as such?
but I thought you said we don't need another politician as AG???
Typical lying politician
I'm sure that you are proud @JohnCornyn  
As a Texan, I'm embarrassed with your actions.
Senator Jeff Sessions to be confirmed as our nexta Attorney General circa 7 pm this evening.
This is my fav pick so far. I so admire this honest man. He is going to bring back law and order in this country
you will be voted out in 2020!!
enjoy your last moments as a representative, you are sooooo out come re election. Like it's laughable how easily you'll be out
consider why others are terrified of Jeff Sessions.  God help people of color. Where is your sense of justice for ALL.
thank you for ensuring that civil rights will die under this administration, you snake
https://www.nytimes.com/section/magazine?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=first-column-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news …
VoteNo! DO YOUR JOB for Texans!  No Racist AG Please!  Appalling lack of independent thought, FAILING REP party stooge
#retirecornyn2020
So very sad
. @JohnCornyn So, you're going to ignore the (likely) thousands of letters and calls you've received to vote No on Sessions?
Easy to ignore them when @JohnCornyn hasn't checked messages in the last week. #Corrupt #Bought
and one more reason to VOTE FOR YOU. THANK JOHN! #MAGA
#Shame
This isn't what your constituents want and we will remember this. We ask you to vote against racism, vote NO to Sessions for AG.
You should be so proud of the new racist AG. He'll be one of the crowd, including you.
Your constituents want you to vote no, but you don't care. #turntexasblue
Hooray 4 all the racists in Texas!
Know first hand how many there are. My father for starters, many more in my family & state!
Now openly admitting U r going against the wishes of your constituents? Wish we could fire U for insubordination. #NOtoSessions
looking forward to voting against you
Your spelling give Texans a bad name.
Why would you silence Coretta Scott King on a question of justice?  From one of your "dysfunctional" constituents
One more reason to vote and give $$ elsewhere. #cornynoutin2020
,  thank you Senator now please focus on tax reform,  thank you
You do not represent me.
Voter suppression key to GOP agenda.
Jeff Sessions perfect AG candidate. #letlizspeak.
and you're scheduled to be voted out in 2020.
typo:  RABID dog
So that our dictator can commit crimes against humanity without impunity.The Republicans have let loose a rapid dog on society.
correction:  rabid dog.
Let's hope not. Power, including the Executive's and including yours, must be held to account.
"Anyone who has used the power of his office to intimidate and chill the free exercise of the ballot should not be elevated"
That's disgraceful, as is the silencing of @SenWarren. I'm a constituent, I'm watching and I'm voting in 2020.
you've got my support
We're so proud of you and the adult-baby from Eraserhead smackin' Pocahontas around up there. Keep up the good work comrade!
despite his lack of/overhyped record on voting rights? And despite many calls/emails/faxes of your constituents!? #election2020
Forget about your constituents and toe that party line... 
As a concerned constituent from San Marcos, TX, you should be ashamed of your recent conduct as our representative.
"Mr. Sessions has used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens"
that's too bad. Voting NO for you will be a pleasure
just what we need, another racist, thanks for that, I vote no to you
Yay for racists! Amirite?
*next.
#AnswerThePhone #Feckless #GOPHypocrisy
You and your fellow Senators are fools. You don't represent me.
