Let's see how well this tweet holds up when he's arrested for laundering Russian money to GOP candidates....including you.
How is that before Trump RNC under Reince never won the Presidency and he didn't help Trump so Reince is still a loser
Who cares what this amoral a-hole thinks?
I would wish DT on any human but Reince got in that bed.  A silly man serving an even sillier man.
He will also be remember as the shortest term of any Chief of Staff in US history.  Stop pretending this is normal, Trump firing staff.
Anyone who quotes @newtgingrich has no cred.  He's a disgraced pol and serial wife dumper.
Resign
That's right John, the one who oversaw the destruction of the party.
John Cornyn will be known as the guy who loved John Cornyn.
Perhaps the only one
yes, well old Newt is really smart , eh ? nope.
So nice how your hero fired Reince In soap opera drama Gingrich will say or do anything to keep in Trumps graces
I'll be happy to vote against you when the time comes.  Your health care vote was shameful.  Did you not think we were paying attention?

Unfortunately, Cornyn isn't up 4 reelection until 2020, but Cruz is up in 2018. Cornyn thinks we won't remember how awful he is. #TurnTXBlue
Newt single handedly made the process a cage match, Cheats on Wife battling cancer. Family Values? Blubbermonster, blowhard. Corns cob, Y?
https://www.economist.com/news/business/21725303-six-months-mr-trumps-conflicts-interest-look-even-worse-how-donald-trump-monetising … cc @HoustonChron @statesman
Pffft.
Priebus' chairmanship brought in the age of Trump, if remembered at all.
Thid GOP in entirety will go down in history as the people that sold out to elect a carny barker.
Real gold card examples of what the GOP stands for. Especially now, with the freak show on full display for the world to see. YOU OWN IT.
Indeed. Wear your failures proud John, it's all you have anymore
It's been quite a week for GOP. Repeal/replace failed. Sessions under siege & Priebus & Spicer out. Profane WH Comm Dir rants on the record
Winning.
Keep smokin what you're smokin
Using Newt as a character witness is a gag-worthy joke.
Hypocrite deluxe.. but thats the game Cornynins
Can't wait until your extramarital affair becomes public like Newt's.
Important. Yeah. In the same way Paul von Hindenburg was important.
Hahahaha, oh jeez, that's to laughable...
screw both Newt and Reince - both are/were the worst of partisan Republican bullshitters
You are so right. But don't forget Rudy. Newt and Rudy hands down the two most sub human rats in Washington.
 by which you mean "the failure who got Trump elected," right?
@NatGarland24 @dcexaminer he will still be incognito which will be better.
So he's not part of the deep state? Whatever. The fact that you're reading anything Newt says is quite telling.
You suck at throwing shade, John.
The GOP is done. What's the point of a party if you can't do ANYTHING???
Can you actually write these tweets with a straight face?
Yes for helping to bring us the debacle and sideshow that is the Trump "administration". Nice job on healthcare GOP.
Dude... you really are not fit for your position:
Yep he will. The one that shuttered the party.
Not no more.....out.....do your job and impeach Trump
Nice.
That's a pretty lofty prediction even though most middle class working Americans don't give a flip
Newt Gingrich is completely unfamiliar with reality.
Shame on all you.
Seriously?  What kind of drugs are you people taking?   T is vowing a war on @GOP if I were you I would save yourselves & #Impeach45NOW
Every vote for Trump was a vote for vulgarity.
The fish stinks from the head down. And Mooch is merely the mouth. A column about conservative vulgarians: https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/07/28/opinion/trump-vulgarity-scaramucci-conservatives.html …
Trump’s Approval Rating Sinks to 42 Percent in Texas
Name 3.
John, did you order the ham with the side order of toast?
Doubt it.
doubtful. highly improbable.
Only if he turns evidence on @realDonaldTrump
Pfft

WashExam might have cred with the alt-right but it's nothing but a ph piece. Kinda like (not-so) Breitbart. Y do u read it? #RESIST
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA! You're  joking, right? Right???
Keep drinking that kool-aid. People are watching. The game is changing.
Priebus gone.... like another glass?
What about last night on Senate floor? Did 7 yrs of empty promises & 60+ pointless votes fail 2 yield a result when u control 3 branches?

Trump is all over the place mentally!!!
"Reince Priebus" and "most important" are never going to be used in the same sentence again in the history of the world
Fix Health Care. Do Your JOB
Really? We should care what the grinch says? You really are all about party over ethics, morality and the good of the public. #YouWorkForUs
And the shortest serving chief of staff!
Especially when he turn's state's evidence on you and Trump's Russian connections.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha FUCK YOU and your garbage Politics.
Why?
Priebus didn't die, for God's sake - he was simply exposed to public humiliation by a narcissistic business man with no soul,


Newt is one of the scariest SOBs alive.
Good one John. LOL  That coming from the "newt the pit"?  You are impressed by disgusting people.  What does that make you?
BBBHHHAAAWWWWAHHHAHAHA
Also, Trump is rescinding Callista's job...
Because he couldn't get Obama out; couldn't keep Trump from tweeting; couldn't get Congress to repeal ACA; couldn't keep Scaramucci out?
U need to stop drinking at work! Every time ur on tv ur faced is flush red from alcohol! I guess being a POS would do that....
Texas is not paying for Trump's boondoggle wall, not even a #SkinnyWall
Newt? You're quoting NEWT!?!?!

PIIIIVVVVOOOOOOOOT!!!!!!!!!!!
Lol.....he is almost as big of a joke as you are.
Look at you, quoting a trash of a human being gingrich! U 2 are 2 peas in a pod. Well everything but being a cheater I guess..@newtgingrich
He will go down as the facilitator of #Russian interference with our elections & democracy through #Traitors @realDonaldTrump & his people
2017 Survival Tip: The President will burn you in a second if he wants to.
Hahahahahaha
Love how the Swamp Rats circle the wagons.Great job on repeal.
@newtgingrich .. no Mr Speaker, he will be known as the GOP plant that he was from day 1 !!!
BINGO.
Done in by a sniveling coward of a President
In that he helped bring the GOP to a point where they can't govern even with full control of Congress and the White House? I concur.
POTUS is completely out of control.  Defend him now but he will turn on u.  He isn't a R & you guys r crazy to let him diminish US like this
This comment just made him the least important RNC chair in history.
Three of the biggest liars around. All servants to Trump and Russia against the American people. @newtgingrich @Reince
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump 
Go ahead & ask Dennis Hastert (GOP speaker & sex offender) what he thinks. Same value as Fig Newton.
Laughable.  And that coming from a has-been and is-now FLOP.
@realDonaldTrump Yet he served an amateur w/no public or mil service & thought Drump could get things done beyond nepotism & emoulements.
yep. The one that allowed the oaf & traitor of trump to be elected!
You kidding me?  This is not going well.
Newt will be know as... John Cornyn's bromance?
Yup. Been with Trump since he came down the elevator.
No, he'll be a NOBODY or lumped in with the @GOP: @SenJohnMcCain will be known as an American hero to whom future gens will aspire!
Wait... I thought newt was dead... guess not, my bad...
In fairness, it wouldn't be the first time that Newt Gingrich had been completely and laughably wrong about something.
I think the National unemployment average would be 3.9% if not for the West Wing firings...
... on opposite day?
Oh please do shut up John. You voted to throw MILLIONS off their insurance. You are a political troglodyte.
@SiegelScribe
What will Trump be known as?
Also, I remember you. You voted 3 times FOR #trumpcare, which nobody wanted.
Considering your take on healthcare, this statement makes perfect sense.
Is he off the wagon?
Newt Gingrich will go down as the worst used car salesman of all time. Are all your sources liars, Cornyn?
From his constituents: YES.
Yeah the one that imploded the Republican Party and turned the GOP into the Party of Putin.
NYTimes now reporting on how he embraced Trump much earlier. Priebus welcomed in the TeaParty and gave far-right loons mainstream platform.
Important like Nero. #FatDonnyBigPants
Somehow I doubt that's what he'll be remembered for.
ohhhh lawd!!  The comedy hits just keep on coming! 
