And somehow that's worse to you than the President of the United States lying and obstructing justice. Get your priorities straight
Nothing new from comrade Cornyn...but..her emails ! Disgracefulperformance today#complicit #coward @txdemwomen
Overuse of unnamed & anonymous sources has damaged @nytimes credibility. Rightfully so. Use of anonymous sources is exception, not rule.
Dude, I'm so confused. Are you seriously just picking and choosing what pieces of his testimony supports you and Trump to believe and post?
HOTAIR, now that is a blog that I missed!

Don't put your party before your country.
Not true at all, stop defending traitors, have you no shame? Have you no allegiance to the country that serve?
Can't wait until this so called wrong story takes down the GOP. Who ya gonna blame then Hillary Clinton?
But there was also the whole attempt to obstruct justice thing.
Amazing how far you've fallen.
@GOP Believed everything Comey said about Loretta Lynch, but not @POTUS #Comical
"Mostly wrong" If there was even an ounce of collusion with Russia from ANY American it should horrify you.
You literally embarrassed yourself, Texas and America today. Just stop it! Protect and Represent this Republic/People. 

ITS  YOUR  JOB 
Not to mention--what the hell is http://HOTAIR.COM ? You are on the Senate 'Intelligence' Committee right? Do you listen to the briefs?
Comey: #Trump obstructed justice; @VP is a filthy liar; & Sessions is in deep Russian doo-doo. John: I was a partisan hack bef. it was cool!
Totally
People full of hot air like Cornyn, get their news from hotair . com. So some of it is true and may all be true but not confirmed.
Trump lied.
感谢你的email!我现在请求你们让特郎普总统马上签发外交文函关于我的人权问题
"100s to 1000s" of intrusions by Russia and that's your takeaway?  Priority refocus.
More distractions from the fact that the Senate is FAILING to do its' job and provide us with a secure border. America needs the wall.
Mostly? Mostly? Oh, what a relief.
#76177 wow you finished the investigation? #RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad
Anyone who supports the dangerous, treasonous administration of D Trump deserves to be voted out of office at the earliest opportunity.
That earliest opportunity would be Tuesday, November 3, 2020.
Don't worry @JohnCornyn. #America will do your job for you and continue to #FOLLOWTHEMONEY.

#TRUMPRUSSIA #FLEECINGOFAMERICA #PutinPuppets
fascinating to watch you stab your own when unethical behavior is at hand.
They might be worse than reported.
...Even if, mostly wrong means partly right... Want to acknowledge that?

And it's a big IF...
How about calling him a lier multi times?  How about him confirming there was connection to Flynn and Classifed info?  Can u b objective?
No kidding. lol  Great article. Call me crazy, but I like Comey. He was in one tough position, now he can come clean.
So we are pick and choosing what to believe of Comey testimony?
Your TWITTER team sucks. They cannot be over the age of 22yrs old
Why are you constantly defending Russia? What is wrong with you?
As a member of the committee conducting the investigation don't you think you should keep your comments to yourself? Poor leadership.
wow! Hot Air indeed.
Help me understand: Former Pres Clinton has meeting w/AG Lynch, scandal/investigation. Trump FIRES the FBI head BECAUSE of Russia, it's ok?
We have a liar in the WH and you appear to be his sycophant. 
Non-voters have been awakened and will vote next election. #CountryoverParty
http://Hotair.com ???? 
First of all, try better news sources. Second, seriously?! You're gonna believe liar Trump on this one?
Your my senator, @JohnCornyn, you shame Texas.
This source is embarrassing for you.
you sound more and more like you're in cahoots with the Trump Family. Wonder why..
Dude you're a US Senator with access to top secret intelligence and you're whining about the NYT?! Weak dude. Really weak.
Cornyn & Cruz = #InvisibleSenators  No town halls, siding with Russia & pussy grabbers. Spending time on Twitter instead of W/constituents
Texas can do better than you as senator. Did you hear Comey say America was attacked by Russia & Trump tried to influence the investigation.
Do you also accept what Comey said about Hillary not being guilty?
But Trump fired Comey when Comey refused to kowtow. Comey stated Trump lies. You do nothing. Shame
John 'Donald Trump' Cornyn.
So any comment on the countless lies @POTUS has told.
Mostly wrong about what? Not specified. You however are putting party before country.
How can you investigate objectively when you are so biased?
That all you got from that hearing? You must not have been listening to what I was listening to.
You wasted your time on the Comey hearing by bringing up Clinton's email instead of asking real questions. TRAITOR!
You embarrassed your constituents today. Again
John, you are bad for democracy.
How long are you going to grasp at straws before you take your responsibility seriously to uncover all the facts? We are watching.
Arrest comey for leaking classified info to the press. He admitted doing so.
Arrest lynch for obstruction of justice in HRC email case
So, you find him trustworthy on select parts of his testimony that appear to help 45? #hypocrite
He also said Trump's a liar & was so unsettled by Trump's actions he released his memos. BTW, can you get tapes from Trump? #Cherrypicking
Cornyn, still have a stiffy for Hillary?
I'm not sure what's more horrifying today:

- that POTUS is a liar who obstructs justice
- that you're OK with that if you get your tax cuts
BUT HILLARYS EMAILS...
Put country over politics, get rid of 45, or get another job. #SHAME Signed, Corpus Christi constituent
But you missed the rest of the testimony? You know, the important part.
We see thru you    You traitor to the United States
So who lied? The anonymous sources? Did reporters fabricate this? Were other stories based on reports from same sources?
I also saw the NYT addressing that stmt trying to figure out how to correct any errors. Real journalists make mistakes, but admit & correct.
Why can't you put the country first instead of trotting out yet another bogus news outlet?
So we should shut down the free press?????
That is your takeaway? Did you doze off for much of the hearing? Oh, I forgot. You're just a lackey.
Heard that too. I also heard a lot more, did you? Like DT is a liar and either obstructed OR is totally inept? Heard u ask stupid ?s too.
Really?!?  This is what you are focused on.  Focus on ur job please.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Wrong again, John. What is the matter with you?
This is what you took away from today? You are a traitor sir.
You are always wrong. #ComeyTestimony
You have no integrity
But ... Clintons!
Just like you!
Why do you spend so much energy defending Trump? Do you have a dog in this fight--on the wrong side?
Mr. Cornym, which part was untrue, old assistant cult leader.
All you care about is power. Nothing else. Career politician making a living on backs of Americans. You're a goddamn embarrassment.
Is he under investigation for obstruction. Yes or no?
Mostly wrong? Not even worth commenting on!!! Texas, let's vote this embarrassment out!
Can't get re-election on your dubious merits? Decide instead to run against the media for 2018?

@GOP has bad plans.
If there are tapes tell Trump to give them. If he has done nothing wrong he has nothing to hid, unless he lied abut the tapes!
Someday we'll find that Trump is holding Cornyn's family hostage and then it'll all seem sad.
This is embarrassing. Post from legitimate sources, not #FakeNews. You are, unfortunately, a representative of the United States
I'm lost for words senator.  There is no doubt what Russia did. How long will u defend a liar.  Wrong side of history.
Really? That's your takeaway; what you chose to RT from the entire day? I think you're full of "hot air" Sir.
You shld b upset pres never asked about Russian interference, lied, &tried to obstruct justice/worrying about Flynn unmasked-he's a traitor
Bang up job today, johnny. God almighty, you simply refuse to put the country your father defended over your party.
Is that the same as "Fake"?
How many stories have they been right about? The President is hiding something and going to great lengths Where there is smoke there is fire
Russia hack us and this is your concerned...Russia attack us gop don't care
How embarrassing for you. Trump makes you all look bad. Funny you'd post articles from a site called hotair. You are so full of it.
You could have used your questions to ask about Breitbart, Fox News, and the Enquirer? What think you his response would be about those?

I can't believe you "but her emails" Comey's testimony. You were an embarrassment!
Date of Tweet May 12th news story May 11th Comey leaked b4 tweet @SenatorBurr @SenatorRisch @JohnCornyn #ComeyLied
(2) The date of the tweet is May 12, 2017.

The New York Times published this story on May 11, 2017.

…
Pro-Trump world: Trump isn't under investigation. Reality: Comey said Mueller is investigating him for obstruction, possibly for collusion.
Whatever positives you can take, man. You're a leader of a party rotten with corruption at the highest levels and I guess you need a win.
You're quoting a publication called Hot Air?
How apropos.
:Cotton-picking senator from a state where he exacts the world's climate as denied+factual reports on many actual Russian contacts is denied
"But...but her emails!"  Your fascination with Mrs. Clinton's emails and disregard for questions of Russia/Trump connections is unflattering
Hotair?? WTF!??
Be more responsible.  You represent all Texans and there is a big handful of us that would rather our elected official not spread Fake News.
THIS is the most important message you walked away with???
I don't recall that being his exact words either.
Pls require all testimony use more detail terms for RUSSIAN-Russians in Russia, Russians in America, Russian American, Crowdstrike employee.
Russia hacked our election and will be back .But emails and defending Trump are all that matters
Check your source, a blog ..... really?! Any college student knows better
BTW You work for the good people of the Great State of Texas and not that buffoon in the WH.
Truth be known. Most leaks are from Democratic operatives.
Hot-air?!?! You're blowing hot air at us? Do you not see the #irony #hypocrite #resist
Why don't you tell us whether Rogers & Coats admitted Trump asked them to help tap out investigation? But that hurts your boy Trump, right?
They are probably worse.
Since when did "loyalty" imply an expectation of criminal activity?
But we didn't get to hear what he couldn't say in open hearing, now could we
Way to focus on the wrong thing. Comey swore under oath that 45's been lying to the public. Demand truth. It's what we want & need
I get all my latest breaking news from "http://hotair.com " too, John.
Comey: President lied... and lied... and lied. Which Comey do you like, Senator? I like both of them. 'Cause he's good with the truth.
Tough day? Pretty brutal Comey own on the whole "there was no case" on your Hillary question
