please do so.please do your job.stop your snarky little tweets, roll up your sleeves, and fine tune the ACA.
and exactly why did you think the GOP needed to stamp their signature on Obamacare in drag? #draintheswamp
you sir are a liar you never had any intention of repealing aca. Can't wait to vote you out .
Thank you #Freedomcaucus for holding to repeal and replace and not passing tweak and put back.
Get rid of your privileged insurance WE pay for & go with Obamacare.
Y'all had 7 years to find a "better" way & #Trumpcare was all you got #idiots #wehaveeyes #resist
- So you want healthcare to fail, and for people to suffer, to justify yourselves - You're all despicable -
@AshLeeStrong @POTUS @SpeakerRyan throwing millions off of healthcare is NOT doing better You are a jerk
Govt has no place in my health care.
I would rather not have the government involved in my healthcare, just repeal and move on.
That's not true ACA isn't failing Ppl but I'm sure you consider it failure because the 1% will be getting Millions in tax credits w/Repeal
their bill had a 17% approval rate. It failed to convince their own party. Why would you thank them?
well, this finally answered my question. Do you work for your party or your people? Counting down days to vote you out.
At least Obamacare attempts to assist people, @GOP only cares about it's big donor sugar daddies/mommas.
#votehimout2020 stop with the lies you don't know what your constituents want you don't listen to them
#WRONG
This 61 y-o female Texan is delighted that you failed to repeal. Fix ACA. Do no harm.
what's to fix?
A continual lie by @SpeakerRyan and @GOP who've done nothing but try to sabotage it for years.
Corrupt, tyranical facists! You are currently standing on the wrong side of History. There are a lot of...
Actually miss Buckley, you are.... Obamacare is a disaster! @JohnCornyn @POTUS @SpeakerRyan
You're a lying fraud, but TY for exposing GOP as a bunch of conmen. Voted GOP since 88. Won't do it again
@AshLeeStrong @POTUS @SpeakerRyan actually Paul  and Trump are failing #first100
GOP want perfect & won't agree to great.  GOP reputation is we're good at obstruction but poor at governing
Now is the time to work WITH Democrats to tweak the #ACA. Stop playing party politics- we deserve better.
what's to tweak?
Texans like me who despise this cruel regime. I demand that you reconsider your position today! Or just keep
U are in another reality. If Dems cared abt ppl we wouldn't b in this mess right now
U have lost ur dignity what a shame
sliding on down the hill of stupid, mean, heartless assholes who wish they lived in the frickin’ 50s. You...
thank you Betty for speaking up for those of us they completely ignore! We appreciate you!
Thanks John You wouldn't have been able to deliver the senate either.
wow dude. Thanks for nothing. . I'm sad when I think about you, Cruz, Abbot, and Patrick as my leaders.
You could have worked with everyone for years instead of just complaining, instead you did NOTHING.
You had years. You came up with nothing. Easier to throw stones than govern. You failed and need to go.
Wasn't that your job this time, geniuses? #trumpcaredefeated
Is this tweet an acronym for #failure?
Y'ALL are failing us! I thought America was better than this. #2018 #2020 #WeAreWatching
Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Man, what an implosion, amirite? R's just can't govern, it seems.
you should of worked together and listen to your constituents. Instead U tried to kill healthcare benefits
thank you Americans for paying attention to Washington, D.C., a place in need of adult supervision.
when?
Not smart or nice to try to harm those who need healthcare.  Hint: we all do.   Voters noticing.
Had you tried to work with Democrats to begin with, you wouldn't be in this position.
I'll believe it when I see it.
Sir, you had 7 long years to develop a plan that would work. How much time can it possibly take?
Medicare for all.
Bless your heart. Suckup
Y'all passing that Kool Aid around like it's communion wine. You're perpetuating a lie. Not failing U.S.
You clearly don't read the tweets of your constituents, but they read yours and will remember your party politics in 2020.
it is not as good as could have been after GOP decimated the original ACA.    
#LastTermCornyn 
#townhalls
Why don't you have a plan? Seven years of bellyaching and no plan. Do your job or move out of the way!
can't wait to vote you out!
"Party b/f People" really hitting you in the nut sack now.
8 yrs of "doing everything to block" coming home to roost - actions have consequences!
Thanking them for FAILING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE with that bill, or for NOT BEING ABLE TO PASS IT??
Obamacare received years of no support over the past years.  Imagine how good it could be working together,
Thanks for what? Drafting & advocating a comically awful healthcare bill that failed?
Trumpcare DID FAIL. And all who continue to support him will fail, too.
way to take advantage of your "so-called" majority and mandate.
By the way we are all itching to vote you out. You were on the wrong side of this and many other issues.
Do you know something we don't? Sounds like Tiny Hands has given up on healthcare.
then demand insurance companies to provide options. They are strangling Americans not Obamacare
well said. The dems took 2 years to ruin Healthcare, we can take some time to fix 1/7 of economy
Release the number of calls you got for/against AHCA.
Off topic - Just curious Senator...who do you think squeals first: Manafort, Page, Pence, Stone or Sessions?
r u just that stupid? U r on the wrong side of history! karma is coming for u (rubbing my hands tog in glee)
yes, do better. This last bill was trash and that's why it died - as it deserved to.
Just REPEAL IT. !!
you had seven years to do better
why are you thanking them?
there is nothing to thank these people for. What on earth has tunneled into your little brain and eaten it?
I hope you mean come together, Democrats and Republicans, to fix Obamacare. #doyourjob
And have you forgot about #Russia. Do your damn job while you still got it.
hahaha! Yeah, the American ppl don't seem to agree with you.
how do you think that will play out in the voting booth? Better start planning the election fraud now.
Your success is the peoples' failure, so I hope you join these guys in their failure corner.
Get it repealed or look for a job!
Medicare for all no more unnecessary wars so we pay more for gasoline.
you serve at the will of the people and we WANT healthcare - FIX ACA!! No repeal
Obamacare isnt failing the Am. people-U repubes R! Go away - sooner rather than later
what planet are you on?
Trump is your daddy and your both going down with him. He is your legacy. #sellouts #hypocrites #Resist
Cornyn is a party shill that's done nothing. The staffers that run his twitter account are traitors. #sad
not if you keep trying to find ways to help the rich at the literal expense of the poor. Single Payer Now!!
make imp to ACA. Not enforcing indv mandate will hurt risk pool.  U R trying to make ACA fail and we see you
Your failure is well earned. We know you have no interest in serving the people. #resist
YOU HAD SEVEN YEARS
How stupid do you think people are!  Obama care is not great.  Better than the crap y'all have in mind! You sure won't get my vote!
seven years later. NOTHING!
You better try harder,  not all of the people in Texas are rich!  I question the motives if you support this BS TRUMP care!!!!!
Says you. We say differently and loudly. @RepBetoORourke
You talk crap, John. Why do you think EVERYONE was against YOUR plan, because Obamacare WORKS!
Dear Sirs, please give serious thought to getting rid of the mandate and opening Medicare to all.
you have had 7 years to come together!! #unamerican #unpatriotic #congressisajoke! Hopefully last term!!
You are a robot.
The GOP is failing the American people, a fact that has never been more apparent than this week.
Sugar Bear, it's failing in TX b\c @SecretaryPerry refused to expand Medicaid or open state marketplaces.
Are you calling Texans "stupid" w\this nonsense, or are you telling tall tales again?
I find that following you has become an exercise in finding new ways to feel disappointment.
I have to pay 13k for Health Ins for a fam of 3 and the deductible is 12k WTF.  PLEASE GET YOR ACT TOGETHER!
I am gonna be real I voted for u and all GOP thta I could.  You are not keeping it red except with my blood
Or you can fix ACA's problems as you could've done years ago and let us keep our care?
ACA isn't failing but probably will since it helps Americans. Keep sabotaging it, we see you all
The only things failing the American people are the ones referenced in this tweet. Change is coming...
<-- The American people are experiencing failure, true... Maybe you'll catch on in 2020. #wearewatching
Traitor.
how about Wyden-Bennett? A real bi-partisan solution that lowered cost and achieved universal care.
Want something better?  Improve Obamacare...or is it too painful to keep something with his name on it?
You've are just as delusional as Trump. Listen to your constituents because you work for us
Then make your party's promises true.  You good Christians.
You have no idea what we the people want. Trump & you are FAILING the American people. Take the blinders off. You know better.
y'all are the ones failing America. Fascists.
if that was your "best", it's time to find a new job.
Why don't you be a leader & work on improving the ACA. Get out of the insurance companies pockets!
,you are all failing the American people, #CrookedCongress
With all due respect--bullshit. #resist
please stop kissing up to these men and stand up for your constituents.
Great!  So glad you're ready to work on repairing the flaws in the ACA to make sure we all have coverage!
No it's not. I'm very happy & have excellent coverage for a reasonable cost to me since I lost my job!
Failing? Then why didn't you change it for the better?
Really!? Did you even read Trumpcare? You're my Senator, please just tell me 1 good thing about Trumpcare?
you're failing your constituents by not listening to us and putting party before country. #shame
Bullshit that it is failing the American people! Come for a townhall and listen to us. 75248
How much more time will it take to find a better way? 7 years wasn't enough?
single payor!!
but seriously, you have nothing in common with regular U.S. citizens and you don't listen, so please stop.
y'all will all be out of a job soon enough
You've had how long to propose fixes to #ACA or even something new... doesn't seem to matter, you didn't.

GOP had 7 years to 'come together' and you failed.  Do the right thing for your constituents!  #DoYourJob
no it isn't. It only needs some tweaking. This is all about tax cuts for millionaires.& b/c Obama did it.
You all cannot stand that he actually came up with a workable plan. Get over it and help the American people
Obamacare needs a bit of fixing.  But not repealing.   You guys can fix it if you TRY.
shame on you. Fiction
Failure of this plan was because your party & the president did not put the people first. Not healthy not productive. Find a better plan.
Paul Ryan: "We were an opposition party for ten years, now we have to govern and it's harder."
Then do that. Work with your 'enemies' for the public good instead of your wallet. #suckitup #bealeader
591 days........
Try proposing a bill that improves what is there rather than trying to tear down a program that has some very good components!
OMG, this is terrible.  My family needed this yesterday.
the evidence suggest that you will not.
You just don't get it do you?  Unbelievable. Why not try to improve it?  #Resist #LastTermCongressmen #Texas
reduce your own taxes is  > than improving Obama care? Sad agenda.
you had seven years to be ready for this opportunity and you failed.  The Republican Party owns this now.
Release trumps taxes to an independent investigation of Russia's influence on this administration
hey guys. Here is the only way ur gonna beat ACA. 
SINGLE PAYOR like EVERY other advanced nation.
and what about Russia senator you looking into that yet?
Every time you tweet your chances of reelection dive deeper and deeper into the negative. All of you.
The people spoke and unlike you, some listened to their constituents and realized their jobs were on the line.#YOUWORKFORUS
u r full of it John. ACA is doing fine. It would do better if u and others would quit sabotaging it.
Fix it/Fund risk adj 2 stabilize it/ pool size. Or phase in Medicare4All. Americans really like THAT idea!
unfortunate you couldn't pass new healthcare Obamacare will and is failing. I don't understand the dems.
You have lashed out at ACA. 7 years later this was the best you could do?
Please work together to fix ACA.
50 times took to vote in the House to repeal but no vote today?
no YOU are failing the American people and we will all change that at the next election cycle.
,why don't you try working to improve the ACA and w/ Dems? 8 years of obstruction hasn't helped constituents
yes, please come TOGETHER to do better!
How about just improving Obamacare? Or expanding Medicare? Something that actually provides service to patients.
A better way?  Y'all had 2558 days to prepare a bill that would pass.  The blame lays solely with @GOP
I don't know, having health insurance that covers my needs doesn't seem to be a failure. Unlike trumpcare.
Get your resume in order, prepare for career change, at best. Passport up 2 date? No worries we will deport.
pro life but against maternity care for women.  Really!????
get those knuckleheads together in the house. Reps making a laughingstock of themselves!
You have a long way to go if you want to help most Americans. Keep ACA and make it better.
But you're in charge now, so YOU get to be the one to fix things. Bill failure all on Rs, not Ds.
@hsanchez128 @POTUS @SpeakerRyan y'all have the majority, not sure why we're thanking them for failure
Gonna have to do better than kicking 26 million off of health insurance.
work/w& learn from Freedom Caucus.Don't blame them!They hold their ground&wont turn on u when it gets tuff
So much winning. Or maybe whining.
CBO says Obamacare not failing and GOP can't even pull off repeal and replace with a unified govt. Sad!
tax breaks for the wealthy is not healthcare CBO says O'care is stable . You are the failure.
yes, please improve the current law.  Thank you for your service.  I'm happy w an improved ACA
Let's get this straight. ACA has problems, but is NOT, a nightmare or "failing" by any metric.
 Failing America and Texas #77401 #yourconstituent #notmysenator #notmypresident #notmyspeaker
Why are you thanking them?
work together to fix ACA.  That's what your constituents want.
Thank you for what?? They failed, just as you failed to listen to your constituents!!
What in the name of Sam Houston are you thanking @POTUS @SpeakerRyan for?!? Seriously asking.
... go find a democrat & work to fix ACA.  we didn't send u to WA to be partisan.  This is American lives!!!!
If you really want to work for the American people, how about working with the Democrats to fix the ACA?
it was a horrible bill. Obamacare is far superior.
All hat, no cattle.
At least we will live through this; many of us would not have lived through the Republican AHCA!
