Say his name: Merrick Garland
I say again, sir: pot & kettle. Support Gorsuch & ur constituents will remember in 18.
Oh, just like you put politics aside with Merrick Garland?
yes, pretty much like John Cornyn did for Merrick Garland.
how hypocritical of you and the Republican party who obstructed President Obama for EIGHT YEARS. NO CAN DO,
The people to @Sen_JoeManchin: Get the hell out of the Democratic party or start acting like a Dem! #StopGorsuch
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C3jVLm6VYAAgjXf.jpg …
tell fucking Manchin he just needs to go ahead and switch parties
Is that what you said last year about Merrick Garland?
practice what you preach.
#MerrickGarland
I trust the opinions of @ananavarro @Evan_McMullin @SenJohnMcCain, so he must be okay.
"politics aside" would mean Garland was in the SCOTUS. So no.
says the people that put politics over country the entire time Obama was in office? You disgust me.
hahaha. Yeah right. I'm hoping the Dems took notes on how to obstruct a SCOTUd nominee.
like you did with Garland??
wasn't the case for Garland. 
nope.  No nominations in final months of @potus term.  @SenateDems can revisit with Pres Pence.
not a damn chance. #MerrickGarland
In exactly the same way you put politics aside on Garland & every Obama bill for 8 yrs.
No you sold your soul. Gorsuch stole this seat. He does not want to provide public disability in class for autism.
#AnswerThePhone
Let me introduce you to Merrick Garland
put politics aside & hold hearings for Merrick Garland. Otherwise, you may very well find yourself out of a job. TX is watching.
.@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer You would not vote on Garland. Dems owe you nothing.
I have a suggestion as to where Minchin can "put politics."  Spoiler alert: up his ass.
Sen Manchin needs to become a Repub. He seems more of a moderate conservative than a liberal, & agrees w/Trump on many issues.
what a hypocrite you are you have not put politics aside on anything
y'all must be high. We are teaLiberals & we totally reject you & Cheetolini
No.
Put politics aside and approve Merrick Garland a year ago.  Also your voicemail is full.
@Sen_JoeManchin  DINO. Sad. We primary him then vote for a Republican in WV. @Sen-JoeManchin - you're fired.

The way y'all did on Garland? Hypocrites. Please do hold your breaths.
when is your next town hall meeting?
just like you did?!? #scotus #hypocrisy
like you did with Garland?
@SocraticTense @dcexaminer Where was this attitude over the last 8 years? Found reasonableness now that it's to your advantage.
I agree. Neil Gorsuch deserves a vote - right after Merrick Garland gets his.
He's not my senator. YOU ARE! And you keep voting for terrible people.

Work on it!
Really? Like the Republicans treated Garland? Just get on with it? Get to work? Dream on.
You know, the one that Republicans failed to vote for for nearly a year for political reasons?  #Hypocrit
You mean like what happened with the previous nominee for the Supreme Court?
like you guys did with Garland?
All of your constituents see right through this.
It was politics that didn't allow Merrick Garland a hearing; now it's time to reap what was sowed.
MERRICK GARLAND
And vote against him because of the unconstitutional Hobby Lobby ruling?
@susancrabtree Like GOP did for the last 8 years???
- did you put them aside for Obama's nominee?? Funny how all of a sudden Repub's have amnesia
Do you recall how you and rest of Republicans have treated Merrick Garland?  U set a good example.  Karma's a bitch. #resist
... with a long memory.
Republican Party is full of hacks and opportunists. Trump has no popular mandate for his agenda and YOU KNOW IT.
Ask yourself, @JohnCornyn, did you put politics aside when it mattered? @dcexaminer
Repubs must admit politics all they cared about with Garland to reduce the anger and make compromise possible.
They can't PUT USA 1st!
Never won that way!
Only by LYING&CHEATING
ask Donna Brazile or Wasserman or Pelosi Schumer
put politics aside and protect the Constitution. Protect health care, women, 1st ammendment, LGBT...
you want to put politics aside on #MuslimBan ? Did not think so.  #thislandisourland my zip code 75238
just like the GOP last 8 years, right? I think not. GOP will get what it gave, 10x worse.
.@JohnCornyn It is just SOMETHING when your own behavior comes back to bite you, ain't it?
Like y'all did with Merrick Garland?
Why aren't you holding town halls?
oh please Manchin is worried abt his own butt in WV. Here's hoping Dems have 1/2 the guts repubs had in denying MG.
Stolen seat. Karma!
Gorsuch is a good choice.
"Do as I say, not as I do."
you mean like you did? 
