This is about your rich campaign donors keeping more money in their pockets.
Why do you guys lie so goddam much?
That's true for the wealthy, but what about most Americans?
No .. it doesn't. Wow 
Actually .. it doesn't. Wow. You guys just make it up as you go along?
Jesus. Google it and study your history. It never worked for Reagan. Wow. You guys just believe anything huh? Sad. Ask a economic professor.
What's that for middle class an extra $20-25/mo? For wealthy thousands to astronomical amounts. Benefits absolutely favor wealthy bigly
um, yeah, no it's not.  not at all.  nuff said, moving on.
Raising taxes on middle class AGAIN so your rich buddies can save millions -!! PATHETIC!! STOP LYING FOR CHRIST'S SAKE- you're a crook!!
Yeah right. Whatever. More $$s for the Kochs so they'll contribute to your next campaign. We'll remember & vote you out. I promise.
We can only hope.
Thou artless tardy-gaited canker-blossoms!
No its not...no welfare for the wealthy
BIG GOVT: Don't look at it like we're taking 39% We're letting you keep 61%. End the FED and IRS. End fiat currency - save the Republic
Not what reviews,are saying this is give away to upper class & big business. It's a failed economics. Doing same again is insanity.
Oh Johnny, we know you are lying
Your definition of "people who earn money" must be limited solely to millionaires...

#CHIP expires **tomorrow**. Congress left town without renewing it after spending months on ACA repeal http://talkingpointsmemo.com/dc/after-sinking-months-into-failed-repeal-congress-poised-to-let-health-programs-expire … 
Im sick and tierd of hearing rich ashats lying to get even richer off the backs of us workers. Resist revolt and rise up we are many.
Do you want to become a rich asshat and create jobs? We do need rich asshats.
JOE, wealthy people do not "create jobs" ecenomic activity is driven by neceity and production. Most wealthy pepole only create wealth.
What are you saying?? Your tweet makes no sense, neither grammatically nor intellectually
How do you figure Chuck....asking for info not trying to challenge you
You lie. You are bad for your constituents...
B.S.! This is a boondoggle for the wealthy and you are enabling the takeover of American by the oligarchy. Traitor!
Real issue is not keeping the money you earn, it is that wages are stagnant because of corporate greed and more tax cuts for them won't help
Wrong. The money has to move. And not in the direction of the gov. Do you think they're going to just start handing out money? I'm confused
That is cause your God Hussain obama did nothing to help the working man since he has never worked in his life he had lived off white people
The problem with the @GOP is that they didn't learn that trickle down economics DOES NOT WORK. Wow 
Cool fake graphic tho bro 
Lying straight to the camera
It won't just do that people who have more at tax time in their pocket spend more which is good for businesses to grow more sales
How does that enhance my standard of living?
I'll lose money.
"Enhance their standard living?"  I will no longer be able to claim head of household?  I take care of my elderly mom and have a teenager.
True for the very rich. Deficit expands. Then all the programs for us less wealthy get cut in the name of fiscal responsibility. You stink.
Right, all your wealthy and corporation friends while you screw the middle class. Texas deserves better than than greedy Cornyn.
Billionaires didn't earn it. Balance the sheets
So, the more money you make, the richer you get!!!  well that's what's been going around for the past 15 years. The poorer getting poor
John, you, I, and the intelligent voters all know that Reagan’s economic plan failed then and always will.  U need to admit that truth!
Oh, Bullshit.
Thank you!
Better use some mouthwash to clear the aftertaste of bullshit that just came out of your mouth.
Ya Trump has his good ideas.
My taxes will go up!  Thanks!!
Trump gives Americans an unbelievable chance succeeding in life.   Only those unwilling to take chance are bitching.
Well, it will do that for corporate executives and heirs to fortunes
Bla bla bla
Including the top 1% because without them who makes payroll. Put THAT in the damn bill. Logic helps John. Btw when are you leaving traitor.
Ha! Any time you hear the GOP try and sell their policies with: "This is about..."  You know the American people are about to get screwed.
At the cost of the middle class and poor. Seriously what are you doing to help Americans who need it most, starting with Puerto Rico?
There Cornyn goes lying to all of us again. Does he really know what he's doing, or is this another scam like Graham-Cassidy was?
Liars and the lying liars who report their lies as truths. #FauxNews
Why don't we just do away with taxes altogether. See how much everyone's standard of living is enhanced.
This is really what you’re saying so I fixed it for you.
Nailed it. But I've quit being surprised at just how stupid every @gop senator thinks we are. They're counting on it with the help of FOX.
You’re a liar. Also, you look like a blowup doll in that picture.
Thank you Senator for my $1,000. I can finally get a new car, or perhaps remodel my house. Oh the possibilities!  Smh



The people who benefit from this do not earn anything they have.
So NOT helping lower and middle-income taxpayers, then?  Got it.
How bout ur lower payroll taxes and the burden of workmans comp to small business so we can hire more people?
And increase debt by 1.5 trillion while cutting taxes of 1%. No Tks.
First real numbers on Trump's tax plan: Multi-millionaires get more than $700,000 back. The poorest fifth gets $60.
By lowering the tax rate for the rich?  We know trickle down theory doesn't work.  The rich need to be paying more!
John Cornyn-such a liar. How will the government make up the shortfall? If the government doesn't need the money, send it to PUERTO RICO.
Is inheriting money the same as earning it?
My taxes will go up. Im middle class

This Tom Price scandal, bogus tax bill, and Trump's rise are all connected by GOP philosophy that wealth symbolizes individual worth. 1/
The first real numbers on Trump's tax plan: Multi-millionaires get more than $700,000 back. The poorest fifth gets $60. EK
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/blogs/compost/wp/2017/09/29/it-was-all-worth-it-for-this-tax-reform/ …
You mean fuck the middle class good?
Giving corporations tax cuts has never benefited the middle class let alone this country learn from past
They will need the extra cash when fast rising inflation kicks in
So the government won't give our money to people who won't work
Tell that to your president. The king of overseas manufacturing!
No it won't because Govt spending inflates prices faster than wages
Senator, does this plan benefit you, an elected representative, or me, the working middle class, more? Please explain your answer.
By "people," @JohnCornyn means anyone making six figures or above. Be clearer.
Lawmakers say this. But wont likely accomplish anything for us. They can say it to appear honest. Knowing the other side will obstruct!
Exactly the opposite actually. It's about letting people who INHERIT wealth keep it. #dontbeatrumpstooge

I think the people that bust there butt in heat all day risk their lives should have an enhanced standard of living , example : Auto mech
Wow .. bots are thick today !! 
Wrong! Enabling the very rich to get even richer and denying social support for the vulnerable. USD trillion less for schools & hospitals
Can't expect people who spend hundreds on scratch tickets and celebrate when they win $10 to understand any of this
No....!!!
Hope to see the fine prints to believe it.
Cause I can buy a new car or reno my kitchen right??? LOL! Thanks for the laugh.
"This is about making sure that people who already have a lot of money can get more. And not so those who need it can get it."
Sure, $1000 cars and kitchen renovations!
More lies.
Let’s do this!!!
You mean these?
Why is so hard to say that it will give a lot more tax cuts for the wealthy ? Just because expose the fact Trump is not for the lil guy ?
Lies lies lies and More Lies GOP is now latest on the American people this is where taxes will lie on GOp time to flip out these Liars
Let's hear his tune if a wealth tax of 25% is made law.
Bullsh!t Johnny!

$269,000,000,000.

That's how much the GOP #TaxReform plan would give billionaires like @BetsyDeVos & @RealDonaldTrump by ending estate tax.

Donald Trump denied this but his tax plan is a gift to his family while some middle class taxpayers will pay more https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/09/28/us/politics/trump-tax-benefit.html …
Raises debt by 1.5 trillion...middle class more likely to pay more....
Another Christian lie
The less money you make, the less you get to keep thanks to Trump. #ImpeachTrump
John, you're really not accomplishing much, so can we #keepyomoney, too? #TrumpTaxScam
This man does nothing else but LIE! He needs TO GO!
I'm excited about the $1,000 car Gary Cohn promised
Ha!
The rich spend on luxury items while the rest of us maybe pay off part of a bill or two. #GOP Sales 101:  promise,  deliver. #FOX #CNN
How about growing from the bottom up for a change.
In case trickle down doesnt work out (again).

Are you hoping he will start using American Manuf for his hats and political items-I think you may be disappointed he is do as I say not do
How many 10s of Billions of$$$$ could be kept in the consumers pockets if u look intothis
It will give more money to corporations and the wealthy. Same old GOP.
An extra 100 a month doesn't do shit
That's bad according to left?????
We are also paying multi-millionaire Ex-Presidents hundreds of thousands of dollar. That needs to change@Potus
Nm .. bot 
doesn't matter who  or what. It's their money and assets. Statist left. What a joke.
Bullshit!!!! Trickle down economics is code 4 tax cuts for the rich and profits for corporations. Middle America never benefits. Ask Kansas
The government DOES NOT DESERVE SO MUCH OF OUR HARD EARNED MONEY. We work to earn and they take it.


Yea but who? You? Other rich? What about middle class? Lower class? Fuck you.
Cornyn is Louie Gomert with some semblance of hair left.
"#TaxReform could lead to almost $4,000 year more for family making $50,000 a year" WOW @JohnCornyn MAYBE THAT COVERS #ObaMECARE Hike in 18
Uh, if you're already rich. Trickle-down does not work !
If Trump is the 10x Billionaire he says he is,his family will reap 4Bill at his death-let's talk about how this admin keeps profiting of US
You left out "rich people" it goes inbetween about n letting got your back dn't want #FakeNews getting out narrowly averded
BS
Lie
Trump - this is not a middle class tax cut.  Need to keep top rate at 39 - keep bottom rate at 10% with the increased standard deduction.
I don't make much & I work hard for what I do earn. I also want to keep all that I earn, as much as possible.
GOP lies.
Contact your Tax person and let him tell you how this doesn't benefit you In anyway and how it benefits ppl like Menuchin/Price and Trump

RAISE #PayrollTax on GOV #Paychecks & it will Balance #SOONER with less #DEBT & or #Deficit Spending. #FACT IS its $200B per year $2T in 10y
Like President Trump.
Republicans Bull.
Tax Facts

Words of the month not the 
This is a LIE & if you don't do your own research then you deserve this tax cut for the rich- I have no sympathy for those that support this
#Democrats & #Rino's stand for #NoRules #NoLaws  #NoAmericans They  WANT   #BACKDOOR #Immigration , 2lines #WTF we have a LINE,#go2EndofLine
No it isn't. Quit lying! #Texas is against this. #NotOnePenny tax cut to the rich and corporations. #NotOneCent extra tax on poor.
Bull!
@GOP PASS TAXREFORM! Do it!
Ppl that make 40k is not middle class. What is your tax cuts going to do for the middle class ?
And also Trump and co keeping more of what they steal!
This tweet is the mantra of Tom Price. Keeping tax payers dollars for his private trips & trips to Europe. Trump is the swamp
Liar!
Sen Cornyn, I'm Texan - losing personal exempt. for fam of 4 and local sales/prop tax ddtn will cost me addl $10K - reduces my std of living
Then I hope this passes. You should have to live with the policies of the people you voted in. Stay home next time.
Interesting that your default assumption is that I voted for him, also that I am responsible for 100% of things that happen on his watch
100% admit that when someone leads by saying they are Texan, I assume they voted for Trump. My bad.
Just pull out the 1988 (Reagan era) tax code ...all Republicans/conservatives should be "good" with the Ronnie Rates  @potus
This is about fattening the wallets of the wealthiest!
Yet the people who own the businesses and hire the employees won't get one!
I hope you're right.
American people are hurting
Is anyone tired of listening to these asshats tell us what stuff will do but never passing shit. I for one am.
Terrible bills should not pass. But yes We are tired of listening to them.
It hasn't been released and your already calling it terrible. If it was gold plated you liberals would condemn it. Killary lost,need to stop
You do realize that Cohn has been all over the news talking about it.. right? Keep up 
Why wasn’t tax reform on Obama’s agenda? Giving people back their own money or let the gov keep it. Next question...
Who's standards of living not us your lies are becoming more obvious
Then why did You add language for congress to Add a Bracket to Tax Job Creators even more!!?
It hasn't worked in the past.  It won't work now.
And the economy is completely different now than it was in 1980. All tax savings will be used for automation. That = less jobs
The why are you raising Taxes on the WORKING POOR?
We will see if it does  I doubt it  not more than a couple bucks
Seems simple to me. Why are dems fighting so hard to rob the rich? So no reform will be passed for anyone. Good tactic, voters take heed.
Bot 
Lies and 
More crumbs from the YUGE govt feast table
Classic GOP tax rhetoric. Problem is that only the wealthy get to keep enough to have impact. Trickle Down doesn't work.  #FOX #CNN #MSNBC
Yea now they can buy a new car for $1000.00



Not sure why high income W2 earners pay more % than pass through business owners? Also forgot the Hedge fund cronies again.
TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMICS DOESN'T WORK.  TAX CUTS FOR THE RICH DOESN'T WORK
"Trickle down" is how we work. Have money spend money move it down the line. It's not rocket science. Someone buys from me
I take that money and buy something   The person I buy from takes that and buys something from someone. Trickling down.
So, that's not what trickle down economics means.
That's a trickle down economy. It's what we live in. People need money to spend money. Over tax and they'll just hold on to what's left
Umm .. that's not what a trickle down economy is. Wow  google it
read it its a con the way it is set up now will cost the mideast class more and rich keep estate tax!!!!!!


You mean the 1 billion dollars this is going to save Trump in taxes?

This 'tax reform' is pure corruption!
Tell trump to withdraw his increased defense spending and apologize that there is no money for spending on the wall and infrastructure.
By "people who earn money", I assume he meant "people who earn BIG money". Yay for the 1 percenters!
 Tax cuts for billionaires while raising taxes on the working poor is not reform and it sure as hell is immoral!
Show us the details

no!in my middle class where & I lost my retirement in the recession-I'll  pay more tax &the estate clause helps only the rich wake up people
Democrats don't want Americans families to keep more of their money 
The press conference yesterday said the middle class would save about $1000 a year and they can redo their kitchen, I Don't Think So
the politicians on both sides of the aisle think the American people are stupid, give me a break, save Corps millions& Mid Class $1000 ha ha
Hmm so are you still supporting Trump and the people who are trying to sell you this garbage?
People in this context means "rich"
you have more than me. I want yours. Pathetic.
We don't buy your bullshit!
