At least Dems offering something positive. GOP only wants to destroy ACA, Medicare, Social Security, EPA and food safety.
so did Donald Trump don't see you saying anything about that also ignore your people lately
Where have u and the GOP been the last 8 years. Stop with the pandering and do your JOB. work together or go home, you children
@realDonaldTrump signs executive order for wall without details of how to pay for it.
yeah, reminds me of a wall.
sounds like Donald's wall plan.
I thought Trump wanted the infrastructure plan.  He campaigned for it.  Is he a Dem?
Taxpayers are paying for the $15 Billion Wall and your worried about an infrastructure bill? Really, John. You're a Hypocrite.
Sounds like a wall project I've heard of.
Better than paying for wars we can't pay for. At least we benefit by roads and buses!
work for us not your party. Trump is doing the same thing on the wall. Maybe Mexico will pay for ours roads?
And where is that $$ for the WALL coming from again?? Roads or wall.. hmm
oh yeah & you just eliminated health care without a plan to replace & you support a science denier & censorship promoter!!
They're trying to do something productive! What have you done for us lately? #gophatesyou #stoptrump #resistance
Sounds like something that idiot Trump does all the time
isn't that what President Trump gonna do?
sounds like your wars hypocrite
Why are you refusing to meet with your constituents?
Take, take, take. Is that all you know how to do? When you do something productive for us you can complain again #gophatesyou
Just like starting wars in Iraq & Syria?  How are we supposed to pay for those, Senator?
same thing Republicans did w/tryn to strip Americans frm healthcare. NO PLAN.
btw, "proposed" is just that! Now you come up with an idea. Don't just trash an idea. Get to work!
sure does. How will we fund the President's wall? Or his statement of ACA replacement including "insurance for everyone?"
sounds like they are taking a page out of @POTUS 's book.
at least they did not out and out lie and say Britain or Canada will pay for it.
Donald Trump proposed $1 trillion infrastructure rebuilding plan w/o providing details of how he would pay for it. NO WALL!!
Pay for it with the $$ spent on diversity. Who gets paid to do what's right anyways? Pay for jobs & infrastructure, not votes.
yeah sounds like a republican healthcare plan. Oh wait no thats worse because people will die.
What Do You Plan To Do About The SILENCING OF THE EPA? We Deserve To Know!!!
Sounds familiar: Republicans propose a $20 billion dollar stupid wall plan w/o providing details of how they would pay for it
damn! that is like building a wall on the border and not explaining how we will pay for it!
Yes all too familiar. How will you pay for the new border wall?
U have the gall to talk about Dems obstructing?  Remember the last 8 yrs? As a Texas voter I'm ashamed of ur representation.
omg can we fix the crazy president problem? #NOWALL
You really need to employ competent staffers that know your positions or I will use every ounce of my energy to turn TX blue!
yeah it reminds me of Bush's extracurricular war spending that left power vacuum in Middle East
Well you have the power so you better figure it out. You know Donnie wants it. You don't want to get on his bad side.
so did Donald Trump. Plus how are you paying for the wall? Was it loud enough outside your office today? Looots of protesters
Sounds like Your Trump building a wall without saying how it would be paid or YOU taking away ACA without alternative in place
right, that's a deflection because that's what Trump said he promised to do. Dems are excited the GOP wants to help the people.
kind of like you taking healthcare from millions without providing an alternative yet? #itsgonnabebigly
.@JohnCornyn you reading your mentions/replies on this? Noting the hypocrisy? Anything to respond to your constituents with?
Good job, Senator. It is important that you focus on things like this an not lies, threats of martial law, etc. #GottaGo
I mean, I thought the plan was Mexico, like all the other awesome plans the Republicans are coming up with these days.
your President is going to do the same...
Sound familiar: Republicans vote to repeal ACA with absolutely no details for replacement.
I'm a constituent. At this point you need to be concerned about the lunatic in Oval Office. Democrats are your allies. Wake up!
let's fix this stuff Senator.... now!! Go TRUMP!
like repealing and replacing. Like replacing with what?
They just assume tax payers will take another hit.  People are sick of big government.  @JamieRJN
Well, don't ask Nancy Pelosi. She'll just tell you Congress needs to pass it to find out what's in it.
This is Trump plan! What r u going to do!
OK. Here's how to pay for it: Tax the rich.
The @GOP has the @HouseFloor, the @SenateFloor,& @potus but u want 2 blame @TheDemocrats?
The @GOP is full of
#alternativeFacts
sounds familiar the President talks about building the wall but doesnt tell the truth on who will pay for it. Hypocrite much?
Says the party who got us into two wars without funding them that subsequently lead to the Great Recession. #alternativefacts
are they trying to build an expensive border wall,that doesn't address real immigration issues or modernizing our infrastructure
as opposed to Republicans replacing the ACA with as yet unknown plan. Give me a break John
Dems didn't even provide details of what they would do with it, so it all got pissed away.  Good projects pay 4 themselves.
.@JohnCornyn Is it familiar because you repealed the ACA without details of how you'd replace it?
And what's your plan for replacing Obamacare?  be specific -- esp about the Medicaid expansion and pre-existing conditions.
Better idea to come up with a plan for open discussion. GOP prefers to allocate funds with no plan. #SaveACA #Transparency
you really are even trying to deflect??? You souled your soul and looking for excuses. Your constituents, me, do not believe you
how's that border wall coming dick nuts? How about the ACA replacement? This is pot meet kettle level partisanship-- get bent.
Isn't that the same thing @realDonaldTrump proposed in jos campaign? You seem so fond of him...
.@JohnCornyn Sort of like Republicans repealing #ACA without providing details or plan for replacing it. Sound familiar?
No more war!   America can pay for a lot of nice things if we quit stealing oil from the Middle East.
It does sound familiar, John.. kinda like the GOP's planned repeal of the ACA with no plan on how to replace it.. #SavetheACA #TaxTheRich
Voters remember democrats promise of $1trillion in shovel ready jobs that vanished, also remember Obama & Immelt laughing
where is your plan for infrastructure? Your constant negativity isn’t getting us anywhere.
sounds like a democrat proposal, blank checks......um NO!
you got a better idea?  Say, all those taxes we pay per gallon of gas.
Isn't this the same exact amount that Pres. Trump said he would spend?  GOP"S complain about plans, had 7 yrs.to work on ACA.
We will just sayCanadians will fund, until we realize that they won't. Also don't you owe us ACA Plan? #texas #vote2018 #resist
So, how do you feel about the censorship of the EPA, USDA, DOA, etc.?
I believe not handing out tax breaks to the wealthy was one...
Yes, sounds just like Donald Trump & GOP Congress! You know it too!
please provide details on how you plan to replace the ACA.
Very interested in the GOP plan to support better infrastructure
; instead of attacking democrats, what is your plan to replace ACA?  I would love to hear it.  #WomensMarchAustin.  I vote in TX.
What does the GOP plan look like?  You had at least the last 5 years to offer one and didn't
sort of like how there's no plan for replacing the ACA?
Sales tax on Pot, socialize healthcare, end corporate giveaways, there's lots of ways; y'all figured out how to start Iraq war!
Should sound familiar, it's right out of your own playbook.
Sucks to your nuclear option.

Tried to visit @JohnCornyn today. He wasn't home. We will return next #resisttrumptuesday @TX21Indivisible @indivisibleATX @IndivisibleTeam 
@belikeaduck @TX21Indivisible @indivisibleATX @IndivisibleTeam Thank you.  Think I'll  join you next time!
Why don't you help them figure out a way instead of pointing fingers work together instead of #OBSTRUCTING!!!!!!
They are repeating just what the #Sexualpredator claimed he was going to do when he was on the trail.
no infrastructure 1 trillion bill until full  to the dollar accounting of last spending
interesting that you just stated on MSNBCdemocrats obstructing the president's nominees...remember your record under Obama?
Yeah that's what your Monkey Clown Trump said during the Presidential Campaign.
Thanks for reminding America how stupid Republicans are 
alternative facts. He did provide a way, even stood under the bridge in KY but u and ur party blocked it. Voters have a memory
Can't wait for the oil spill to ruin the precious Texas soil. Karma is waiting.
Heck yeah it does. It sounds like @realDonaldTrump.
: Hey, now your going against your guy Trump?
Sounds kinda like a wall that your Republican president is proposing to build. Oh, sorry I forgot #Mexico will pay for it later.
didn't 45 pledge to re-build infastructure? Where is your plan, majority whip?
You're repealing ACA which will be VERY expensive to the nation and will kill people without any replacement.
funny coming from a party that wants to take healthcare from ppl for 7 years with no plan. #doublestandards
sound like Obamacare and Pelosi?  We have to pass it to see what it says
your president wants to rebuild infrastructure too.
just like ACA
I'm sure it will pass so we can find out what is in it too 
Sounds familiar: Trump proposed a $1 trillion wall plan w/o providing details of how he would pay for it.
What's your plan and how will you pay for it?
it sure does sound familiar. #Senate #Republicans want to repeal the #ACA w/o providing details of how they'd replace it
John, how did Obama pay the Palestinians 200 million, 1.2 million to climate change etc if we have no money?
What about all the money we were supposed to already spend on infrastructure? Isn't that what the gas tax is for?
And the 2 Iraqi wars the GOP didn't pay for? And the Reagan military buildup, with its piss down economics? FU!
With the droplets of manna coming from your supply-side voodoo policy of course!
how we paying for that wall? How are we funding both private and parochial schools w/ public money ? The list goes on w/ GOP
how about that budget you guys passed that explodes the debt?
Yeah, and how outlandish is the pork?
Almost as familiar as GOP cutting services w/o concern for citizens. We send you to D.C. to work toward solutions. I dare you.
tax the rich more like back in the old days y'all love so much.
kind of like promising to repeal ACA with no replacement plan. #saveACA was at your office w 300 friends today. Read our letters
yes-we plan. We don't run by middle of the night tweets, nor the seat of our illegitimate prezzy pants.
We'd take it from your oligarch buddies and multinationals ripping us off.  That and ice cream, yep lots of ice cream.
so you should be right on board as that is what GOP does constantly.
Wait, did you guys want to create jobs or not? Cause...infrastructure rebuilding is great at that.
you mean like how GOP has no details about ACA repeal and replace hurting millions of Americans?
or maybe you meant how the GOP will pay for a wall
you forget Republican voters will be hurt, ppl in rust belt and farmers will be hurt. When they realize it, beware 2018
hypocrit.
Sounds like the trillion dollar war, Medicare Part D, and TARP you supported without a plan to pay for?  Sound familiar?
Big difference: Trump intends to leverage PRIVATE entities... privatizing "public goods." Eisenhower is rolling in his grave.
sounds like a wall someone's proposed.
Almost as familiar as the GOP's plan to hand out tax credits under the guide of their infrastructure bill? #p2 #tcot #MAGA
so how do we pay for it senator?  How about offering up some solutions instead of feeding partisanship?
one solution : legalize and tax pot at the federal level.  Whole new revenue stream, doesn't raise existing taxes.
because I'm pretty sure a large majority of my fellow Texans will agree our infrastructure needs some work.
The answer is that it's going to be paid for with money, with United States dollars, with deficit spending, with $1 trillion
Oh, that's right!  When the GOP is in power, deficits don't matter.  I forgot that maxim.  Thanks.
Deficits mattered under Obama. They were too small. @DrMDunk @bryanmishkin
