progressives have both, and both are good! #resist
We are eccstatic!  Not the least bit dismayed!!
- This Texan is dismayed by Cornyn's lack of engagement with constituents that aren't a photo op or a big $ donor
no one is dismayed, actually quite excited.  Believe they will talk with all of us, not just alt right. Who said dismayed?
who's dismayed?
don't really care who heads either party. What matters is what the elected officials do. To much time in beltway?
I'm way more dismayed that you're my senator and don't truly represent me.
dismayed? Nah. Just par for the course. One day progressives will govern. Your days are numbered.
funny, I don't feel dismayed. I'm glad the party had such great choices.
Again, I did not see you at the DNC.  We were not amazed.Start humming "Senate in my Rearview Mirror" #impeach #2020
Are you going to just bash liberal while voters pour their hearts out to your empty chair? https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1552809581474379&id=171602059595145 …
Dismayed about my Senator coming to Austin and not having a town hall.
how do you know how progressives are feeling when you refuse to meet with them?
We have Perez and Ellison. You have dumb and dumber. Have you and @tedcruz decided who is who yet?
Y'all must be really frightened of Perez.
Do you not have the testicular fortitude to attend a town hall
not at all and what business is that if yours?
Pls schedule town halls w/your constituents. We deserve to be heard. Democracy is bipartisan. Let's work together.
the cowardly lion. Have the guts to do what is right for USA & call for independent investigation of 45. #CountryOverParty
more fake news
Not sure progressives are so dismayed. Perez' choice of Ellison as Deputy is a gracious & smart choice. Buckle up!
Look at the DNC, already building bridges & uniting people. Gee, I wonder who needs a lesson in that #Trumprussia
Hey Johnny. You're supposed to be a politician who works with others. Your hatred for hispanics is showing
Well aren't u just the sweetest to worry about our progressive snokwflake feelings! Come comfort us at a town hall!
Y aren't you defending 1st ammendment rights against Trump
 Y aren't u getting trumps taxes released. Bannon wants 2 replace gop
No, actually we're fine with it. A good compromise, and blending the party together.
, do you know any progressives?
The republican party is begin remade in Trumps image...and it ain't pretty.  No more Christian values left.
@Kyle_Feldscher not this progressive, I'm happy to see Perez make Ellison next in command to unite the party!
so are conservatives.
It's OK to be upset, don't worry, we will not hurt you LOL
right. Because the DC Examiner really knows the pulse of progressives. Maybe source your articles from actual news
not dismayed. I'm dismayed you won't take my calls or respond to any comms. #DoYourJob
Not really but ok @JohnCornyn  
 #SpecialProsecutor
not really
I would be more concerned about your party's image and reputation worldwide than trying to stir up trouble w dems
Sir, if you had a town hall you could hear actual TX voters' thoughts on this.
Coward. Answer your phone.
all #GOP are insiders. Except for @realDonaldTrump and we see how well that's working out
Cherry-picking coverage, huh?  Like others have said, energized, optimistic, & no longer apathetic re #TXGOBLUE!
Perez is a progressive, braintrust.
#TownHall #TownHall #TownHall #TownHall
Dont fear the DNC, fear your constituents of any party affiliation who are no longer happy with you & Russia
I'm a progressive and I'm not dismayed.I wanted Ellison, but they'll work together. Even better.
please stop repeating this tripe.  What would you know about it anyway?
yeah, you come out from your hiding place. Now doe your job or you may be dismayed.
not really. It was close and going to be one or the other.  Nbd.
Please focus on investigating 45 ties to Russia.
8 year old girl shot to death in Houston Sat. by someone whose gun rights you defend. Pay attention!
2 things:
1. I'm not at all dismayed. I'm excited.

2. Aren't you supposed to be having a town Hall right now?
----@HillaryClinton, "Congrats to @DNC chair @TomPerez & deputy @keithellison. Excited for strong, unified party..."
nope.  Progressives are good with the pick and his chosen deputy.
Republicans dismayed by take over by plutocrats like Cornyn.
who gives a damn? An independent investigation into Trump's Russian ties is needed now.
Im dismayed by your unwillingness to participate in democratic public engagement. Your fear of criticism is sorry.
- Wrong again. Instead of worrying about DNC (anxious much?), shouldn't you be investigating 45/Russia & meeting constituents?
This doesn't help Texans. Have you squared away the WH on its Mexico nonsense yet?  Where is tax reform?
I'm sorry but why exactly is it necessary to disparage DNC? Obviously SOME were happy cuz he won. Disunification.
people are more dismayed you don't call out the admin for trying to destroy the First Amendment.
Did that article really criticize Democrats for rewarding rich contributors.  Remember DeVoss?  #hypocrisy
John, stop with the partisan bullshit. We need to unify to make the best of the situation.
time to see check on the Dems but no time to meet with the people u represent & pay ur salary?  @dcexaminer
Once again you dont get it.They have united the party. Understandable it scares U&should you might have to get a job
Perez is a Radical Liberal Progressive Democrat supported by Obama, Biden and Chief Progressives Soros & Podesta.
More fake news from the Examiner.
not really. Glad Perez and Ellison will be working together to take the GOP down
I sure it upsets you a Muslim and black man Not the all white GOP male that you want
PEREZ is NOT MY DNC CHAIR. Riot, punch him in the face. WAHHHHHHHHHHH!!! I need crayons and cocoa.#LiberalsUnite
your continued attempts to divide this country make me sick. Ellison gets leadership position and keeps congress seat 
you should worry about your own party sir. Unhinged is the word that comes to mind
progressives are fine. Lets move forward!!
Progressives lamented Perez named DNC head. For once I was rooting for them-Ellison would have ended party relevancy
Aren't you supposed to be at a Town Hall right now with @PPGreaterTX?
Yes he is, but instead he continues to ignore these people. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1552809581474379&id=171602059595145 …
@tedcruz does too. Sadly, it's  believable, yet completely unconscionable.
I'm happy. Stop reading @dcexaminer. It's making you stupid.
No, sir. We're good. Energized. Optimistic.
I was fine with either of them But now we have both
not true
Washington Examiner? Right Wing Conservative paper? Not all Texans are red - #TownHall #Russia #TaxReturns
I am a progressive and not dismayed. Congrats to @TomPerez and @keithellison .
Don't get your hopes up John. I'm neither, and I still won't vote again for you!
Wrong! He named @keithellison his deputy DNC chair! #winning #MAGA #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
You know, it's really sickening that you spend so very much time badmouthing anyone who opposes you. No class, sir.
Huh. My feed is full of people happy that Perez ask Ellison to be deputy chair. But cherry pick away, lol.
there are some who are upset. Ppl on the right see this as some deep chasm to exploit.
the hardcore purists are. Not sure how many of them are actually Dems, though. Some might be trolls.
not me, because we don't need the opposing party championing anti-trade nationalism. Bad economics.
plenty of room to practice domestic structure building while remaining an integrated part of the global economy.
We are NOT dismayed...we are ready to be even more organized and #Resist!!!!!!!
no, we are incredibly dismayed
not me. And I consider myself a grassroots activist.
Agree!
