You murder people for money.  https://twitter.com/dkthomp/status/877884223251660802 … #HealthcareBill
Medicaid covers:
64% of nursing home residents 
60% of kids with disabilities 
49% of births…
The Obamacare expansion is not the part of Medicaid that covers the things you listed.  Stop listening to propaganda.
These cuts to Medicaid go far beyond rolling back the ACA expansion. The program would be decimated by this bill.
Decimated how? Stop watching propaganda & inflated rhetoric. You're going off sound bites. You're not going off of data, there's no data yet
I'm going off what healthcare policy experts say after reading the bill.
That's great, but meaningless. Reading the bill does not actually provide data and the math required to support your claims. Wait for data
It does provide data because it provides numbers. Are you saying we cut Medicaid, see who dies, and then count the bodies?
No, I am saying that we don't know how much, other than the expansion, is actually cut. It's not a numeric cut. It is a calculation change.
If I write a 300-page novel & you make 10 pages of edits, does that mean you've written a better novel?
Usually edits are done to improve the original novel.
These edits make the novel far worse..but even if they were improvements, still stupid to claim "our edits are shorter!" as selling point.
"Our shorter edits make a better novel!"....lawlwhut? That's not how this works!
There is no case to be made, at all, that this bill improves healthcare over ACA. It's a tax cut, pure and simple
They did tout it as the first step in tax reform, didn't they? :-/ makes me wonder what else is next?
Medicare and Social Security, that's what
These fucksticks want to turn our Social Security funds over to private bankers to gamble with. SS funds are paid by every American worker!
Well Kochsucker Cornyn... When You're Writing A Bill to give Your Koch Pals massive Tax breaks, what's complicated about that? #Loser
Looking forward to moving to TX soon, where I will campaign for, donate to and vote for any viable candidate who opposes you. #VoteHimOut
Don't forget to vote for @BetoORourke and get Cruz out of office!
Already my plan!
Nobody cares how long it is, only what it does. And what your draft does is yank the rug out from under millions to cut taxes on the rich.
Did this excuse work for you in high school English class when you said why read the novel when I can just use the Cliffs Notes? 
Have you NO shame whatsoever?
Tax cuts for the wealthy and the medical industry, while stripping healthcare from millions, doesn't require a lot of verbiage.
They're sticking to the little words. TAX. CUTS. FOR. THE. RICH.
It's still 141.8 pages too long.
1/. I still don't get why there's this theory that fewer pages somehow equate to better policy or small government.
2/. What it actually shows is you didn't do your due diligence and your homework.
3/. For people that get sent to write rules, I don't see why you are happy for not writing any. This is really that #YouOnlyHadOneJob moment
It's a tad more complex to GET people healthcare than taking it away from them and giving the 1% a tax break
You may be focusing on the wrong numbers.
I guess you prefer a greeting card to a book, then?
So it's like a children's picture book compared to a complex novel. Not like health care is complicated or anything. Got it.
So that somehow makes it better? I know your base is stupid but...
I'll post others as they come out. You're trying to convince us that small equals better but this is not true
American Lung Association: "The healthcare legislation released today falls woefully short." 

GOP bill literally bars pregnant women from enrolling in Medicaid expansion so that they can deliver big tax cuts to millionaires. https://twitter.com/DavMicRot/status/877920555458060288 …

The bill gives $200MM to drug & insurance companies while regular people pay more & get less. Senate, we'll hold you accountable. #VoteNo https://twitter.com/davidcertner/status/877744131778465792 …

The Senate released their #healthcare bill limiting access to care for ppl w/ #diabetes. Tell your senators vote NO: http://bit.ly/2t165Th  

AARP Calls on Senate to Reject Health Bill, Vows to Hold Senators Accountable for Bill That Hurts Older Americans https://press.aarp.org/2017-06-22-AARP-Calls-on-Senate-to-Reject-Health-Bill#.WUw_GtZbPPg.twitter … 

Thursday: a bill making over 1 million veterans on Medicaid vulnerable to bankruptcy and death @votevets https://twitter.com/markknoller/status/878060733245816832 …
Catholic Bishops ... bill is unacceptable as written ...

http://www.catholicnewsagency.com/amp/news/us-senate-healthcare-bill-unacceptable-as-written-bishops-warn-34642/ …
Per your HOU office you helped draft this R bill, You need to look my family in eye and tell us how you could do so. LACA saved us from ruin
But we aren't able to comment on the draft since it's a draft and not the actual bill! You are a sad loser!
Galatians 6:2
Bear one another's burdens, and thereby fulfill the law of Christ.
#HealthcareBill
And you haven't read a single page of either.
It's a healthcare bill, not a tweet. It shouldn't be simple.
Wow....
Takes fewer pages to say "fuck the poor, enrich the rich".
Proverbs 19:17
One who is gracious to a poor man lends to the LORD, And He will repay him for his good deed.
#HealthcareBill
as your constituent, I want you to vote NO on repeal. Keep the ACA
It's short because it was slapped together by a small group of heartless  imbeciles with no policy skills.
omg PLEASE stop embarrassing us 
Not a lot to write when you're just cutting taxes for uber wealthy & cutting medical care for those in need
Your buddy Rubio rationalized this atrocity by saying 23 million people was just a "small percentage". 
Technically right, morally bankrupt.
One helped people.  The other is an excuse to give the rich tax breaks.  The length of the bill is not important.
The Civil Rights Act was longer than your draft bill. It destroyed #JimCrow. I think you should reconsider your size matters theorem. #ahca
Although, Civil Rights Act could not reach into FL's Const and undo 1868 clause disenfranchising ex-felons for life. 1.5M can't vote!
#VRAFL
Still too long
You're stupider than I thought...and meaner and less Christian. Congrats karma will come
if you were going for brevity it's word count, not pages.   plus what a weirdo thing to brag about.   very odd man.
Quantity doesn't equal quality. I thought you knew that with all the useless words you say on national TV. #DoYourJob for All Texans
Work across the aisle to fix ACA.  Btw way you just defunded a women's right to healthcare.
I guess after 142 pages saying, "Not Covered," it's time to stop.
Matthew 25:40
Truly I say to you, to the extent that you did it to one of these brothers of Mine, even the least of them, you did it to Me.
And?
For a 142 page healthcare act that doesn't kick up to 22 million people off insurance, adjust font size on the ACA.
Philippians 2:4
do not merely look out for your own personal interests, but also for the interests of others.
Shorter is not necessarily better. We're talking about healthcare for millions of Americans. A novella-length paper won't cut it.
You want Americans to be too sick/too poor to be able to Resist the hateful GOP agenda. That's what this Bill appears to be. Shame on you.
Huh? Quality of content is not the same as quantity of content.
That's because it cover so many fewer people #TrumpCare #trump.
More evidence they are pro-birth not pro-life.
It's not even pro-birth, it's control of women.
It is. Women haven't been minding & staying quiet like good girls. We refuse to be nice anymore. The 'boys' just need to get used to it!
Yes having no plan takes up less words than having a well thought out and researched plan. 
And that matters, why?
It has to be shorter, nothing is covered, most pages are retroactive Capital Gains reimbursements and how best to give YOU my money
Yes--because #ACA expanded health care. It's a lot easier to take it away and give the wealthy a huge tax cut
AMEN BROTHER!  Obamacare is a JOKE. Thank the Senate GOP for ridding this albatross off the neck of the American Tax payers! #HealthcareBill
I hope you get the health care you're asking for.
That is becaiae it was well thought out and heavily researched. Drafting a bill that affects the entire population without careful study 1/
Which means it's not a very good bill. Tax cuts for the already wealthy while uninsuring people and cutting medicaid is not a good bill.
Educators know when a document has been researched and constructed properly. I can give you 142 reasons why yours doesn't make the grade.
Your point?
Because "Fuck the poor" is only three words.
Doesn't take many pages to say that does it
So. You know how to read.
A bragging point, why?  Bill affecting 1/6 of US economy & matter of life, death & financial security for ppl deserves utmost consideration
I thought you were a religious man? How can you gut health care for Americans and give the rich a huge tax cut? Do unto others...
Measuring quantity over quality is a sign your quality sucks.
It took Republicans 142 pages to take away health care from 23M Americans. Great achievement there Einstein.
And don't forget the pages to give tax breaks to the rich...gop sure do love tax breaks for rich people/corporations
It doesn't take a lot of words to say we're trying 2kill poor ppl.. it takes a bit more 2actually help them when market based system failed
You could have saved 141 and just said " GOP does not give a damn about kids, poor,disabled,elderly as long as the wealthy get a tax break."
'Cause less detail is always better, yeah?
Since when is it smart to brag about how small yours is?
Master's thesis vs. fifth-grade book report.
Why use a scalpel when an axe will do?  Shame on all of you. People will die while you're trying (and failing) to be witty.
You've got to be kidding me. This is just a stupid tweet. Your bill is HORRIBLE, MEAN, and will not care for your constituents!
And you note, he has no intention at all of letting his constituents know how bad it is for them that because he is a coward w/ no man parts
You sound like you are in the unfortunate situation of being one of his constituents, like I am...
Yes, because healthcare is complex.
I wouldn't brag about your Cliff Notes healthcare bill.
Yeah - you can cram those cliff notes right up your....
It amazes me how someone like you was actually elected.  Sad!
How do you sleep at night?seriously, really seriously how do you do it? I am not on medicaid but I am American. This is just wrong
Except that the bill is actually less than 900 pages(still long). Why is it @GOP lies about Obamacare at every single turn? Shame on you!
Shows how much work was put into them. It's like GOP pulled an all-nighter before a project was due. After reading it, I'd give it an F.
That is because you have not given this 

health care bill enough thought and debate. Vote to defeat this wrongheaded bill.
congratulations!
Constituent here. Less effort to destroy than to build. Healthcare is complex. Need guts to challenge insurance companies
Trump's WealthCare is slow motion genocide of millions of Americans.  Congrats.
Senator did you vote for ObamaCare?
Destroying is always quicker than building.
You send out form letters written by underpaid staffers. You dont know how to read anyway, so why are you celebrating a shortening of words?
I have 46 chromosomes. You have 17.
Interesting facts about chromosome 17, it harbors opiod dependencies, which the bill would cut funding for :
Omg that's a really good segway
*segue
Because the R draft is not a comprehensive new bill: it's an amendment to the existing ACA. It's not the size that matters, it's the content
this is a very stupid argument the number of pages
For a man with such a big head you have very little gray matter.
moronic observation
What about national marketplace, drug price fixing problem, open pricing? Sell out bandaid bill! 
That's cause this is simply a $$ giveback to rich ppl who will likely never need Medicaid anyway
Nice to know you can at least count even if you cannot do anything else.
I bet a Medicare for All bill could be 3 pages revising two paragraphs of existing statute...
#Wellactually GOP draft is a 142 pp.amendment to the longer H.R. 1628 (AHCA) 

Not that word count matters; it's about content, you dolt.
You were the pasteater that upon being assigned a book report by your grade school teacher, shot up your hand to ask "How many pages?"
Pity you are too old to have used a word processor, or you could have adjusted font, size, spacing, and margins.  How did you pass the Bar?
Do any of y'all read? We know the "president" doesn't. Stop. Embarrassing. Texas.
An idiot
By this logic, the Satanic Bible is better than the Christian Bible because it's shorter.
Which means precisely dick.
It's an attempted massive transfer of wealth. BTW, how much Russian $$ is in YOUR coffers?!
https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/summary.php?cid=N00024852&cycle=2014 …
Yep, like the deranged letters of a serial killer, the @SenateGOP #AHCA bill is a shortly-worded, unhinged manifesto #HellerVoteNo
#No!
Here's one word for you: retire.
Three words...stick to sports! . Just poking the bear!
Vote no. Be one of the good guys.
That is really the most important metric for legislation. Great work!
Those 142 pages are not constructive - they are destructive to Trumps stated objective of providing affordable medical health insurance
#killthebill
You would think to pack that much evil in 142  pages, it would have had to be written by the devil himself. Nice job!
Go for Medicare for all then.
And your point is????
It's easier to destroy than to create...
Well duh, Y'all cut everything.  U only need 1 page to fuck people over
A page for every bathroom on the hill!
Seems like one-sixth of the economy is worth scribbling at least a few notes.
You lie so much that you are rivaling Trump. If enacted, the R bill will kill people. The ACA helped save lives. Your bill will not.
You're like the kid in the back row who only likes books with pictures. Disgraceful. #AHCA #GOP
you would be the worst salesman on your car lot even if you were twice as good a liar as you are
Your point is? Newsflash. Health care is complicated and if you've distilled fed policy to 142 pages I'll bet you missed something
Dem laws sure are complimicated...
Don't be infantile. Shame on you.
Obamacare didn't murder tens of thousands a year. There's that.
What does that have to do w/ providing healthcare for America? Doubt if it even applies here. You r forcing a half-baked hypothesis on ppl
What does that even mean!? You need less pages to say "Screw the poor"?
You accuse democrats of driving by the accident. It is you GOP WHO ran us over. Unreal.
delete your account
Always easier to destroy
142 pages that every medical assoc’n out there thinks is a bad idea. 8+ years to hammer something out & y’all produce tax cuts for the rich.
Which is why Highlights magazine is better than "A Tale of Two Cities" or some fuckin thing. How perfectly "2017 Republican".
 for best reply on the thread
Profound statistics to idiots.
Why does that matter?
So the fuck what? It will still kill many thousands, probably hundreds of thousands, maybe millions...
Apparently to dudes like Cornyn size is all that matters. Guess that means Comey beats Trump
I've seen this before & tho I know the tall lady is just a normal lady I always worry for the smaller one that the big one is gonna eat her
Are you implying that short equals sweet? That's such a stupid comment I'm embarrassed you represent my state
Here I thought healthcare was complex. Bragging about shortness means zero vs. the details that lay inside! Fight for TX, not your party!
Now that I think about it, the Bible is way too long
Change your name to J-Corn then.
Are you really so moronic that you don't understand why that is?
And all the smart things you've ever said or done would fit I  a fortune cookie! Word counting is fun!
yeah wow it's almost like healthcare is complex or something
142 pgs? After "death to the poor, retroactive tax breaks for the rich" how much more space was needed? I did it in less than 140 characters
That tweet is evidence of incompetence.  You're an embarrassment.
Wow. You really don't understand how this all works do you?
Obamacare insured 20 million, your bill uninsures 20 million.  Maybe add some pages?
Completely meaningless piece of information.
You cut Medicaid so much that you couldn't afford more paper.
Liar, The ACA is fewer than 1,000 pages. Why is it you can never tell the truth about this law?
Yes - we appreciated the thousands of expert hours poured into that massive piece of legislation - your short, hollow bill is simple cruelty
Size doesn't matter, Senator. It's how you screw people with it.
It's DOA, gramps.
And? Therefore? Ergo? 
No? Nothing? 
That's what I thought.
How can a US Senator be this ignorant?
I wonder if it's because good legislation of complex systems involves months and years of research and impact analysis.
Rushed and careless legislation affecting millions of lives Is Nothing to brag about, @JohnCornyn .
The bible is a long book. Maybe we should condense it to a 142 pages, and add pictures.
Moreover, does it matter at all to you that some of your constituents will die because of your actions?
Sir. That's nothing to brag about.
That's what happens when your bill is for only 1% of the population
It doesn't take that many words when your taking everything that counts out of it.
Don't need many pages when u cut every fucking thing out of the health care cvg. Bet ur healthcare plan has more pages.
I'm surprised it doesn't just say "Make healthcare great again pls"
"Any jackass can kick a barn down, but it takes a carpenter to build one." - Sam Rayburn.
How many of those 2700 pages were amendments that the GOP insisted on adding - only to later abandon it.
Should be easy to have a public debate if it's that simple then.  Explain why you won't be giving up your ACA in open debate.  #NoAHCA  
Had to dumb it down for trump.
Trump only reads one-page, bulleted phrases.
Oh well clearly the fact that it's shorter means it's somehow better. How many debates and amendments did the GOP add to the ACA?
How much is the tax cuts for the rich that you're so hard for?
Shorter is always better when you're an illiterate Republican.
Only a complete moron would point to this as a good thing
Why make it 142 pages? Why not just one that says "Screw you if you don't have money! Tax cuts! Woooo!"
Analogy:  It took 120 days to build a house; it took only 2 hours to burn it down.
Seriously, what a lame defense. The R bill line item changes things in OC law. So the R bill really is 27142 pages long.
How is this a positive?  This is because you are trying to rush this vote.
Scrap this horror and start from the beginning with some experts. Quit making this a Demo/Republican thing.
1) Your bill borrows ACA foundation. You're welcome. 2) "Way less readin'!" is the anti-intellectualism that destroyed Buckley's GOP. GG.
So, GOP draft could be improved just by being shorter. Might I suggest we take it to the limit and say the best GOP bill would be 0 pages.
How will tax cuts for the wealthy improve healthcare for Texans? How will limiting healthcare access help Texas's economy, Houston Med Ctr?
All that means is 2558 cuts to the American public healthcare system. Duh!
2700 pages of substance vs 142 pages of crap. The elderly, disabled and 40% of all children thank you.
It is much easier to destroy than it is to create.
Shame on you.
That should make the Cbo score faster #fail
142 pages will kill 26000 Americans in 2026...
I hope they paid you well because you sold them every last shred of your integrity and decency. may you suffer the rest of your days.
