Now make it a more favorable business climate as decided by the workers. Raise the minimum wage. Provide better benefits. Support unions.
Or the people/workers could seek to better themselves and learn a skill/trade that will earn them more then minimum wage
Would they be able to do that between their two minimum wage jobs? What if they got sick and couldn't afford school AND medical bills?
Paid training is not that uncommon, especially if one is willing to work hard in a blue collar field
To use the phrase "not that uncommon" means it isn't common enough to support the millions of low wage workers that would look to use it.
No it means there exist a realistic understanding that many would rather live off the welfare state then by the fruit of their own labor
Do you think people aren't laboring or that they don't want to get off welfare? We must not be talking to the same people...
Being a hamburger flipper with seven baby mamas is a far cry from being a productive citizen
It won't be if flooding issue is not fixed and we don't drop the bathroom bill.
How is it for humans? Such as students, hourly workers, mothers, those can't afford college? U forget. U represent people not corporations.
What have you done to get the Wall built? You have been there a long time. #BuildTheWall
Sorry mouth-breather, the wall ain't happening.
It will be built and you will never be heard from again. #BuildTheWall
No one's building the wall.  You got conned.  Because you're d-umb.
And Trump will never be President. #BuildTheWall
So. Much. Winning.
Keep your list and add Supreme Court Justice, Jobs, Economic Growth, unemployment, reduced illegal immigration, fewer business regulations..
Why do you capitalize random words?  I actually know. It's because you were never educated. I'm muting you now. You'll never get the wall.
And dont forget, the most human trafficking of people of your own state.
Come to Texas where women die!!!!
OR representatives want to take your healthcare away @SenTedCruz @RepRWilliams
Let's get Amazon!
Doesn't every business want to come to Houston which goes underwater in even the slightest rain? Great job Republican senators, governor.
And first in population (and percentage)of those without health insurance!
Especially for absentee biz owners. Don't want to be a resident.
"favorable business climate" = foul air, polluted water, and lousy schools
Hurricane and floods are good for biz?
What's good for business execs is not necessarily good for communities. Particularly if they offload a lot of their costs onto taxpayers.

AP Exclusive: Evidence of spills at toxic site during floods http://trib.al/0IepyHU 
The @EPA seems pretty indifferent to this also. Took their time getting here and don't appear to be talking frankly about health hazards.
deja vu
http://www.gothamgazette.com/rebuilding_nyc/sierraclub_report.pdf …
Then why is our economy hurting?  Could it be stupid steps like trying to pass a bathroom bill and 45's hostility toward Mexico?
What about wages for workers? Benefits?worker protections???
arg! you used the word 'climate'!
@GovAbbott @tedcruz Texas is great for business because of GREAT conservative leaders
Remember that when your buddy Dannie Scott Goeb once again becomes obsessed with where people urinate during the 2019 TX Lege session.
Party over country. Big business over Texans! $$ in your pocket. #CowardlyCornyn #HoldTownHall
But what did they say about our education system and healthcare?
Sen. Please vote no on Grahm-Cass.
And the aftermath of the real climate needs to be fixed. Corporations won't come where they'll be flooded out. Need Houston flood evaluation
Tell that to all the flipper babies born next summer in Houston.
Stop digging.
With almost nonexistent rights for workers, it's easy to see why.
Why do you insist on trying to take away health care from my family? #noGrahamCassidy
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy bill
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/11/americas-top-states-to-live-in-2017.html … We didn't make the top ten when considering quality of life.
Interesting to see how the journal's employees see the company -
Are those corporate execs evangelical Christian   anti-immigrant Republicans then?
Get ready to pay a lot more for your healthcare thanks to John. Tell him to oppose #GrahamCassidy. His number: 202-224-2934
Yep. Good for business...bad for people. We need balance. And if they keep pushing bathroom bill, etc. things will change.
favorable because no living wage, lax enforcement of EP, no healthcare for poor, catering to religious right nutjobs. yep. real proud of TX.
Meanwhile it has the worst politicians, who focus on non issues like restricting abortion access and discriminating against transgendered
Then go be a degenerate somewhere else, this is the south
As for the actual climate, you'll either burn up or drown. But hey, no taxes. 
And the highest percentage of uninsured residents in the county!
Vote no on healthcare
Lack of regulations for business. But that may change after Harvey. Add lack of employee rights, medical, bad.
Businesses depend on their workers and customers. Unhealthy workers, unhealthy customers, lead to unhealthy business. Fix, not repeal, ACA.
Yea... remember those chemical explosions from Harvey ? 
The company hid behind your "business climate" (no regulations) and people got hurt
Remember West, Tx??
Until you take away our health care
The 2 states at the top, TX & FL, are most "pro-businsss".  Meaning least regulations. Silly regs, like building codes & chemical storage.
Good thing you guys cut out that useless kind of regulatory stuff.

Meanwhile, enjoy your FEMA money.
why do you hate Mexicans?

If the state passes this senseless bathroom bill it will not be the most favorable business climate state.
Tx state w worst health care. Doubt people are dying to work".
That's a fine metric. Now let's work on topping the list for education and worker quality if life.
Not at the rate we find schools, fix roads or deliver healthcare to poor people
https://twitter.com/votevets/status/909862229109075969 …
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Our @will_c_fischer says #GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans. 
And the opinion of corporate fat cats is all that matters.
Why do you think pleasing corporate execs is something you should brag to us about? That's literally the opposite of anything good for us

Please support my GoFundMe campaign: https://www.gofundme.com/4drkyh4?pc=tw_co_shareflow_a&rcid=961411af95724bb2a0c1c423fc735886 … @gofundme 
I am so relieved that businesses want to move here and raise little businesses of their own.
Notice it says Best for Execs, not employees or families. Because of cheap labor, lax regulations, no protections.
If you love chemical spills and infant mortality, thank Cornyn and Abbott. If you hate healthcare thank Cornyn and Abbott.#GrahamCassidy
They care more for the Insurance Industry than the people being covered. They would prefer to cover people able pay higher premiums only.
And some of the highest property taxes and insurance rates in the country...Texas is great for business, horrible for homeowners.
They won't if Gregg Abbot and company pass bathroom bills
Not for long at the rate our public schools are funded.
Both Apple and Google oppose SB4 and Bathroom Bill and support DREAM Act., what about you? More to business climate than taxes.
Well, Apple does like having a cheap workforce it can treat like shit.
And with all the people moving from CA & other failing states, how long before that gets screwed up?
You mean states with stupid things like safety regulations and belief in climate change?
The climate will always change, and "safety regulations" are a very subjective concept.
Also Texas:

Builds subdivisions INSIDE THE RESERVOIRS.
Most sane people are fleeing Texas because of our horrible (R) representatives. @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz @GovAbbott and @KenPaxtonTX r awful.
Texas picked itself as highest infant mortality rate in the western world.

