Harry Reid was explicit that if Dems had the Senate and presidency, the anti-deliberation first filibuster would be toast. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/869553853750013953 …
Tell *45 that as he is so ignorant that he does not even know
@TheHRH Yeah. Continue to reach new lows. It's just more ammo to boot your treasonous, complicit butt.
Please remember for whom you work-the people of Texas. Think about what is best for them, not just the top 10% or the Republican Party.
Please do so.
Cornyn once again says "Let's break the rules" so we can win.  If you can't win doing things the right way, then stop what you are doing.
You are rotten to the core and TX will vote you OUT next election. We can take only so much of your BS. #CorruptGOP
Won't this go against the @GOP commitment to doing nothing?
God will judge you for how you treat the least of us. You know that, right?
Ashamed of your heartless, selfish, agenda. Shame on you, John Cornyn. You have shown your true colors.  And we will remember.
Prove it! We are tired of republicans telling us what they will do then make excuses for not doing anything
Shame on you following POTUS to further harm middle and low income and sick people.
Feels good to be able to kill healthcare for  those that need it, huh?
Git-er-done!!
Right, because denying healthcare to 23 million Americans is just like confronting a suicide bomber to save the US capital. What an idiot.
Obama & Pelosi r to blame 4 denial of healthcare--"we have 2 vote 4 it b4 we can know what's n it." We didn't know it was bad until 2 late!
Baloney. ACA is flawed, but can be fixed without denying care to 23 million Americans.
Dems had a few years to fix. GOP says they will, but not holding my breath. Reason enough to drain Swamp of both parties.
Parties not the same. ACA was designed over five months w/ CBO score, public testimony. AHCA was rushed through with plan to dump on senate.
But can Dems do it? Repubs? Not holding my breath for either party to give us competitive HC, that doesn't look like socialism.
Yep..do harm to Americans &give tax cuts to the rich.Ur shameful.  Don't have town halls.. ur a coward. & got $1.5 from oil/coal/gas co. ???
We can do unseating you with 51% of votes.
Or you can care more about the people of America than a "partisan win"
What exactly do you mean by "do"?
Methinks you're going to F them both up.  Is that what you mean by "do"
#SaveACA
As a former republican, I, today, vow to fight to remove every GOP in office.  I do not agree with everything Dems do, but Paris is BAD
Then do it.  We, the citizens do not care about party politics.  We care that the job gets done.  We are dying oit here
@TheHRH or you can actually work in the public eye and for everyone.
Please don't strip protections for preexisting conditions - my life and many others' depend on it!
Would that be Senate healthcare for men? 
FYI: Matching X chromosomes are NOT a preexisting condition.
You mean un-do healthcare and skew taxes more to the rich. Beto 2018. Anyone but you 2020.
As long as you win, who cares about the consequences? Who knew that you would turn out to be a denizen of Trump's  swamp of sewage?
What about cutting some serious spending?  You can't have it both ways.
TX does not want the ACA repealed. AHCA is a Bad bill. 23mil ppl to lose coverage for a tax break for the rich? Shame. #OutIn20 #TurnTXBlue
Good. Just make sure it's #FullRepeal. (Includes getting rid of "Guaranteed Issue") Insurance companies should be allowed to sell insurance!
That's the only way you could get them passed because they suck so bad! You Republicans suck!
What will you do to positively effect the lives of your constituents?Because, GOP health plan and tax plan are both disasterous #dumptrump
you mean you can destroy healthcare and make the rich richer
But you shouldn't.
. You will never get re-elected again !!! Texas voter
It's time for Republicans to act like they have the Presidency, the House & the Senate! We voted for Trump so SUPPORT HIM!
You're pathetic.
Since you worry about legalities, is that legal per constitution?
You are really terrible at your job.
but , "we the People" want neither from GOP! @tedcruz @charlesschwertner @JudgeJohnCarter @txlege @statesman @TXDemWomen @TURNTXBLUE2018
51 votes to remove health care from millions while providing tax cuts for the wealthy 1%. 
Shame! You are elected to represent all citizens.
Do it before your next (vacation) recess, don't wait until September
Doesnt matter what was said in past. What matters is what is DONE NOW!!!  You would regret removing filibuster when dems take over senate.
Right! But why would you do that now when you have done nothing the last 7 years! #doyourjob and make affordable healthcare for all Texans!
Please remember our most vulnerable as you work on healthcare law
This is a tax cut for your donors and a death sentence for real people. #countryoverparty #senatorforsale #partisanhack
B4 u "do" healthcare could u explain to 24 mil ppl why they can't afford it anymore, why preexisting conditions and lifetime caps are back?
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/01/republican-senators-paris-climate-deal-energy-donations?CMP=share_btn_tw … #ParisClimateDeal
Even yr staff admits y won't listen 2 us in TX. Yr 2 busy pandering & pushing Senate Rs over the ACHA cliff.Quit putting party over people!
So you have gone from whining to threatening us? You are a poor excuse for a Senator. Only 8% of Americans support #Trumpcare.
With higher premiums for people like my daughter with a preexisting condition. Wow way to represent
This is ridiculous. The platforming & party-line rhetoric coming from D.C. to justify destroying our democracy & health Care is disgusting
I don't trust you to have anyone's best interest at heart. You've been hurting people for so long, I think it's habit now.
there are reasons our founders set the rules of governance please do not undermine that incentive to work together
Keep it up and you won't even get 51 votes in 2020. #doyourjob #resist
Shame the freak on you.  Are the fumes from "draining the swamp" having an impact on your thought processes?
You can, but there will be political consequences. Is it that important to GOP to give a massive tax cut to 1 percent?
Top 1 percent, that is.
You're not doing healthcare. You're doing tax cuts for the extremely rich.
You guys criticized this move by #Democrats and now you're in favor of it? #DobleStandard
Do it, but don't comeback crying when you're  in the minority and @SenateDems play by the same set of rules you're proposing today.
John is losing the confidence of his own party and they have to rush before the numbers get even lower.
60 votes not 51 as has been the norm.  You'd be livid if the Dems had tried to force the vote in their favor.
Do something for Americans Not republicans. Are you going to continue support Making Russia Great again?
BULLSHIT!
Both leaders of House and Senate going down with Trump. That's what this is all about.
Rushing to pass bills before #ImpeachTrumpPence happens. Nothing will get passed after July. Doesn't care if it's right or wrong.
@TheHRH Seems like from here you care more about the principles than the American people and their health. And just your taxes!
"Those who live by the sword will die by the sword." You might consider these words before you blow up senate protocol. #Resist #Indivisible
Senator, just do something. DC is failing and you & the other DC pols can't figure out how to govern the entire country.The campaign is over
Go ahead. Watch how fast we have single payer when the adults are back in control of the government.
You can also screw healthcare and taxes with 51 votes.
Lost my vote for next election. I will throw 100% of my effort & support into replacing you. No place for senators without conscience in TX
Go ahead take my Heathcare and raise my taxes -- lose your job! We are not stupid
Do so at your peril. We will not stand for the tyranny of the majority.
You CAN, but you can't even get that many. I'm one of your constituents and have no insurance due to Texas not taking Medicaid expansion.
That would be foolish and divide us further. Work with the other side. Remember he lost the popular vote.
Are you in bed with Russia? Did you see what you Texas Repube House Rep Did? I see brown people call Ice! Disgusting Party!
Your going to regret doing that when Republicans do the have the majority.
Younare flying in the face of your constituents
You're paid by insurance companies.
Even insurance cos are publicly stating Trumpcare is awful. So to review: patients, docs, hospitals & insurance hate AHCA. Only big biz wins
Even against the wishes of your constituents (who you have thus far refused to meet with in person)
So ur gonna pass horrible legislation because u can? WOW The GOP really IS on its way out.....
They did and you know you shouldn't #CountryOverParty #SAD#BIGLY
You and the GOP are not doing what 51%+ of the people want.
Heather , the GOP  all its members would sell their mother's to make a profit. Plain and simple. They don't give a  about me or you only$$$
& whatever you do, don't mention the Russians.
Ugh!  Murderers
@TheHRH Justifying your (future) actions with "..Dems would do it, and it's wrong" is morally bankrupt. Do your job, John
Senator Reid was wrong on this and just because a dem said it doesn't mean GOP should do it!
Hold up, you're actually going to do HEALTHCARE and not "screw over the poor to give tax cuts to my pals"? That would be great!
You have House and Senate and still can't pass legislation because your bills suck.  Now you think you should rewrite the rules?  Resign.
It's not what we want. Why are you ignoring us?
If health care and taxes are not good for the majority the republican party is toast ! 2018
You can't do either. Your party is fractured.
You collect enought kick backs to pay your own healthcare .
Since the GOP does not allow any one but there self's healthcare.Why do you exect tax payers to pay for your healthcare
And just when did we start believing anything coming from Reid's mouth?
Look into getting some integrity and human decency. Hope u get voted out in 2018!
Glad to see this.  Let's get it done!
Why don't you explain how the reconciliation process works? You know, truly represent your constituents by giving them the info they need.
If you have something that you can even get Republicans to get behind. Consider that you're too extreme for members of your own party.
You could maybe get to 51 by including Democrats in the discussion. But that would be a bridge much too far, right, John?
So u & your cronies can win with 51 votes and the entire rest of the country loses. Why do you hate Americans John? 77373
Then i belive the saying is.... DO IT.  Please
Yes please
isn't that the advantage of holding the MAJORITY? Explain that to McConnell!!!
You need to listen to your constituents. Nobody wants this and you're just not listening. You know you can only not listen for just so long.
No town halls? I guess you don't care what the folks back home have to say. Your bosses who bribe you are pleased. You greedy fraud. chicken
The pharmaceutical and insurance industries paid you over $740,000 so you better do what they tell you. Your constituents can kiss your ass.
If you vote for Trumpcare, you lose your job. Simple as that. Your bribe money from big pharma and insurance will stop too.
Many of us won't vote for him anyway. We want @JoaquinCastrotx #TurnTXBlue
The haters will be out in full force; remember, they will never support anything you do. Keep pushing forward & you'll have our support.
Good! Texans need ACA to disappear - it has cost us too much! Changing the tax code is another good call! 
Why do you call it healthcare? There is no care in our health. Only care for the rich. 
It's all about the win? What about the damage these bills will do? Doesn't that matter?
Why do you care so little about actual people? Is power really that good? Do you just care about money? Seriously, what is it?
Would love to discuss this more personally in a town hall...as you've forgotten about Texans apparently...
He's scared of a town hall. Just hope voted remember.
Y'all have had years to devise a "better" healthcare plan and you've delivered this farce and an orange leader. You don't care about TX.
Politics shld B abt IMPROVING people's lives (spec. the majority of your constituents) rather than creating hardship & . People over Party.
Bless your heart, John. You're truly horrible! That's NOT what Reid said & you know it, yet quote a delusional woman to suit your interests.
Can you be a patriot, cowboy up and demand an end to nepotism and clarity and independence on Russia-gate with 51 as well? Giddy up JC!
Bless your heart.
GOP is so out of touch they can't even comprehend how out of touch they are...
Yes there are a lot of things people can do with the right number of votes...#CanCornyn
Healthcare? You mean Wealthcare...
Then do it. The sooner the better.
What are you thinking? You are failing your constituency.
You can break both you mean
Respectfully, who is "we"? Your constituents?
And we should.
51 votes. Not okay.  Do not change rules to suit your needs.  Do what best for all Americans.  Do what is expected of a US Senator.
Their will be less healthcare for americans, and cuts to education programs. Long-term your partisanship will hurt the economy and kill.
Do you know there are actual constituents out there?
Do you even think before you tweet or is covfefe contagious?
You can do more if you do away with voting altogether. Go for it. Let your putin flag rin high

Gladly obey putin @gop
And you can lose your seat next election.   Time to vote you out.
U R So Tone Deaf.....don't take our healthcare to give Tax Cuts....People will die and it will be YOUR FAULT Countrymen over party
Isn't reconciliation reserved for a single fiscal piece of legislation in a year? And isn't there a date limit to use a reconciliation bill?
There is no low too low for the GOP. Smoke & mirrors, can your party ever go for the fair and honest win.
Unlikely you'll be in Senate when the worm turns & GOP is minority.  Take Mitch with you so obstructionism departs D.C.
That's NOT WHAT WE WANT. You aren't working for John Cornyn OR the GOP, but for US. You will be remembered as a selfish buffoon.
I'm convinced the Republican Party has pledged its loyalty to the itself.  Sound familiar?  Cornyn no longer listens to his constituents.
They always have. It's just that it seems more extreme now bc their hands are everywhere & we can't keep up. They're destroying themselves.
"DO healthcare"? You've gotta be kidding, John. What a horribly cavalier remark. I NEED coverage. 61 y-o female TX 77401
Remember rules you learned in Kindergarten? Play fair, clean up your own mess, share. If Congress played by these rules we'd be better off.
7yrs blocking ACA, obstructionist behavior instead of bipartisanship have broken the system. Bring civility and honor back.
