Nice pivot from the trouble at home, Johnny. Get your head in the game!
Or are you one of those Rs who has moved on without seeing the need for calling out white supremacy by name? No need to #FireBannon eh?
Nothing to see here, folks. Just your garden variety white supremacists and Nazi affiliates here in the White House. Oh, look! Venezuela!
Trouble in the White Houae of the Nazi/Alt Right/White Supremacist flavor. When will you actually do something and #FireGorkaBannonMiller?
Don't you think you've turned your cheek long enough?
What are you doing to protect democracy in this country? Free press under attack from the trump. White Nationalists in the White House.
Trouble in #Texas if you do not denounce the white terrorists in our nation. Some reminders: KKK  Alt-right  Nazi. #TownHall ? We can talk.
Aaaaand Charlottesville?
And soon there will be Nazi's at TAMU
Maybe you should focus on the "trouble" right here. We are still waiting for your condemnation of the racist violence. What are you doing?!
Don't start a war with Venezuela,
That is one of the things Congress does.
Well get the Kremlin out of the White House!
How about the trouble here at home with your #POTUS support/employ white supremacist terrorists? You are complicit with your silence. #2020
Men bearing symbols of genocide against Jews & torches reminiscent of lynching POC march in the streets& u only have 1 vague tweet to offer?
Too bad you don't have the same concern for Texas..the state you supposedly represent. Time to go John, we need a voice.
Distraction Johnboy ! But we see it.any comment on trumps new advert? What happened to th "bigly" press conf ?
I know what wrong with @JohnCornyn #coward #corrupt #complicit and it's too late for him to jump off the treasonous ship of fools in the WH-
You still refuse to denounce white supremacists, KKK & Nazis in USA. Why? #DarkMoney
Helping create a diversion to Trumps crimes and overt white supremacist racism? Your days in office are numbered.
Trump retweeted an alt-right conspiracy theorist today.  It was a clear signal of where he stands, despite his lukewarm condemnation.
Wow,... great pivot there Johnny boy. Have problems at home but you scream 'lookie here!!!' to deflect from issue here. #YouAreComplicit
These same bigots have targeted Texas A&M next while you remain silent and complicit.  You are failing your country. #Charlottesville

Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
https://twitter.com/omanreagan/status/896563796071731201 …
Yeah so let's go take military action, John, and then we can have a real immigrant crisis to stoke flames about. Why no town hall?
Texans, it's not too soon to mark your calendars for 11/3/2020 and vote Cornyn out of office!
Replace Cornyn with a real Conservative who won't cave to lobbyists & special interests
The whole continent of South America; sorely ignored by the media for years. Atrocities committed by Farq rebels : horrific
If we don't stop Iran regime now, we will see IRGC in Venezuela.Mullhas been sending there money and arms already.
Your lack of outrage over #Charlottesville is sickening. When will you put party over country? #FireBannonGorkaMiller
Russia? You mean like the Russians who run our POTUS? #45sBootlickers
Give me a break!  You & Canadian Cruz need to worry about Texas!!!!!!
I don't live in Venezuela, how about paying more attention to Charlottesville, Va.!
Defer and deflect...white supremacists Johnny. You own this and your silence = concent.
You seem to be more worried about Venezuela then tax reform & a wall that the majority of Americans want & voted for.
Are you going to say anything at all about all the trouble back here in the US.  Nazi sympathizer murdered US citizen on American streets.
@MaryAnastasiaOG Meanwhile trouble in America while U insist on supporting White Supremacists enabling @POTUS & administration.
No war in Venezuela. Stop trying to justify trump bs
You need to worry about what is happening in YOUR country and within your party. These monsters want to demonstrate @ A&M. Thoughts on that?
What are you going to do about attacks on American democracy? Texas deserves better than Cornyn.
No comment on what's going on in the U.S., no comment to the TX A&M hate rally in Sept., you kiss this Pres ass. Sad.
Wow, Cruz is doing better than you. Cruz. You are less trusted than a man with negative charisma and no ideas.

Meanwhile, back at home...Nazis have invaded the White House.
You don't have the courage to speak out against Trumps dangerous threats of sending troops to Venezuela. We don't need a coward like you.
More trouble at home. Still waiting for you to speak against this in "strongest possible terms." Silence is complicity.
More trouble in USA
Please condemn your president's failure to condemn White Supremacists and neo-nazi supporters.
Why don't you move there and become King Cornballs? You obviously could give a rat's' sass about your own country
Sen. John Coryn & KKK?
@realDonaldTrump needs to be in the Venezuelan front.
Let's discuss White Supremacy here at home & in the White House at your next Town Hall.
Thanks for the news report.  What about trump and racism.
So quiet about Nazis in the streets in America, John. I guess you're happy with what you're seeing, huh?
When is your Town Hall to address what's happening here at home?  You've been very quiet on this Homegrown Terrorist issue.  Why?
Deflection.
.@JohnCornyn , it sounds similar to the USA, where the .@GOP depends on Russian financing & cyberterrorism to "win", & Neo-Nazis rule.
Interesting that you seem to think that nobody cares about Russian meddling in our election, but we all care about Venezuelan politics.
Says a person with no idea or doesn't care about what   is happening  around her. Pipe down Jill
Enabling Trumps future distracting War.  Good job. 
Oh, so we're wagging the Venezuela this time, I see.


Profoundly disturbing: VA Gov McAuliffe said police didn't engage because the armed racists had better weapons than they had. https://twitter.com/ezlusztig/status/896889313845104641 …
Right now would be a good time to repeal the AUMF.
Worried about trouble here more. You've been awfully quiet about that. 

& Do you plan to vote to confirm the birther non-scientist Clovis?
Shiny object.
Quit trying to distract from things in this country you hack. We have bigger issues.
