Sterling: Confirm Judge Neil Gorsuch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRQwyguh2KA&feature=share …
The GOP has a decision to make:

a.) Excuse plagiarism.
b.) Acknowledge plagiarism as the grievous offense it is.

#GorsuchPlagiarism
Speaking of plagiarism, Meredith McIver is still missing. (Pls RT)
We know you believe party before country or state, but why you reject the people and ride the Trump/Citizen United train means WallSt.is God
You are voting yourself right out of a job.
Gorsuch will forever be associated with the obstructionism dealt to Garland, changing the rules to win, and plagiarism. Real pride points.
You avoided and sat on your butt on Obama choice for supreme court. Why do you want one now ? Go sit back on your butt for another year.
Republican have turn out to be nothing but hypocrites sat on their butts for 8y Then stop Obama from doing his job picking for supreme court
Well Mr. Cornyn, you have ignored the people's wishes with your vote for Mr. Gorsuch. The people will make our correction on election day.
Let's fact it. You would confirm a carrot in Trump told you to. It has nothing to do with qualification. Ask yourself, do Texans want him?
Do you hate your mother or something? How did you get to be so anti-women?
I respectfully disagree with you senator.
Apparently he is great! One of his decisions was overturned by the sitting SCOTUS, 8-0 in the last few days. Wow, wonderful...NOT.
if you're a corporation.
Ummm...not so much from what I have seen
Mostly because you disdain women's rights and you don't listen to your constituents. We get it.
How about his plagiarism? Is that considered outstanding? Of course u support trump, so ur standards r very low!
You are voting for him because all you care about is your big money donors not about hard working people and we think!
Why are we confirming a nominee from a president thats under investigation? Wasn't that a HUGE issue during the campaign? Hypocrisy
John, enjoy your time in DC, it's your last term
You're not fooling anyone.  You serve the GOP not the people of TX.  You would have supported a rattlesnake if Trump nominated one.
You gave no quarter to Merrick Garland. Your  time is coming. Hypocrisy has no place in democracy.
NO NUCLEAR OPTION
So you're gonna vote for someone who told a man he should have died and who also committed plagiarism?
He's also voted against women's rights, religious freedom for individuals, healthcare for individuals, voted for corporations over people
I do not believe you should vote for Gorsuch. He does not represent all Americans. He will not fight for all rights. Vote NO!
Outstanding except for the plagiarism? The Supreme Court deserves better.
i'm #conservative, but changing the rules to get #gorsuch in will delegit the senate and court. it was wrong to deny #garland hrgs.
Merrick Garland has a stellar record too (+he says "no" to plagiarism), but you had "79 obstructions & Garland ain't one".
I beg you to reconsider your support.  He is not the right nomination at this time for our nation.
@YouTube obviously you don't want to hear from the people since your voicemail is full, but we said NO! AND, for good reasons.
Gorsuch plagiarized...
He's pretty good at taking care of big bro & big corporations, but not the little guy. Just ask the freezing truck driver. Nuts!
Your voting along party line #russia #LIES #UNamerican #unpatriotic #congressisajoke #DOyourjob #fakecongress
You're going to retire when u our term is up. We're going to vote your ass OUT.
Remember how you voted in favor of releasing private information to corporations?
Plagiarism is outstanding?
Just how many of your constituents are calling for you to VOTE NO ON GORSUCH?  Do you know?  Do you care?
What do you say to parents of disabled children?Better luck next time?Kinda like your ofc staff say when asked about dis rights? #NoGorsuch
Go Away Cornyn.
of course u will. ....sigh....
Also, why have groups paid for commercials for him. He can't win on merit?
Also, Judge Garland.
Also, plagiarism.
No vote til Trump/Russia is cleared up.
Wow, you want to change the long standing Senate rules for a Pres under investigation and a nominee that plagiarized? Hypocrite much?
What about his records against women? How is that outstanding? Why don't you care about women's rights at all??
YES!  Thank you.
"These rules don't work for us. Guess we'll just change 'em."  Says every politician who can't work well with others.
Wrong Senator.. Gorsuch's record doesn't reflect what you say.  Voting should be suspended until after the Russian involvement Investigation
Where is that town hall schedule for upcoming break?  MD will be on site 2 make sure your ears are not clogged.
It would be amazing if you would stop and listen. No confirmations. No Gorsuch. Because #RUSSIA
Don't forget you are retiring (or wish to lose re-election bid) and could care less who sits on Supreme Court as reason to support 45.
I don't know if he is outstanding since he wouldn't answer any questions!
you're voting Gorsuch because that's what the republicans tell you to do.
no need to announce, we know. Gorsuch is an extreme hardline conservative that cares more about corp than ppl (like you) and a plagiarist
Estrada Estrada Estrada. Remember Estrada before Garland.
The Senate has been broken by the Democrat party for a long time. At no time in 230 yrs has a SC nominee been filibustered. Schumer=liar.
We all look forward to Supreme Court GORSUCH taking his seat at the court. Don't stand down to the minority party threats.
Outstanding would be working with both sides to find a candidate to fill the seat. Change the nominee, not the rules. Shame on you.
Cornyn...You and Cruz are out as soon as the next election cycle comes around. Both are deplorable.
Thank you all for standing up to the Democrat Minority Leader & Senators & remove the idiotic ability to filibuster Supreme Court Nominees!
Hey John!  You know who has an OUTSTANDING reputation?...Merrick Garland...
God bless you & Sen. McConnell to confirm this judge by Friday & put him on the court! Chuck Schumer is doing something not done in 230 yrs!
Oh please, the main reason you are voting for him is because he is a Republican appointee.  Period.
That is so correct!! How full is Trump's bed these days since you are in it too!
Ok john, so what you do best...ignore your constituents.
I'm a relatively new Texas resident and am appalled at the two senators....How much money are they being paid to vote for Gorsuch?
He doesn't care about what his constituents think. 'He's' voting for Gorsuch.
The R Senate should had the decency to hold a hearing for Merrick Garland even if a no vote.
Find a nominee, build consensus and get 60 votes. That's how the senate is supposed to work. #SCOTUS
Why don't you guys quit messing around and get it done by nuclear option.  The hell with these childish democrats.
Pretty sure he just got caught plagiarizing.
When's that vote coming for Garland? #feckless #resist #impeach45
If you consider a reputation among greedy corporate elites, then I guess that could hold some truth. He's just not right for the People! 
Trump is under FBI investigation.  Stop the hearings!
Gorsuch says corporations have the same rights as individuals.  This makes him insane.
merrick garland
Nope. Contributing to your opponents campaign. He is not good for America and neither are you.
apparently he is outstanding at plagiarism.
I like how he called the trucking company despicable for firing the freezing driver, but answered the question, Can they fire him? Yes.
So basically you're ignoring your constituents? We call, email, fax, and write, but you turn a blind eye. #hypocrisy #DoYourJob #resist
He plagiarized and you still support him.  What a lack of integrity & character you're displaying re party over country.
Republican-led Senate acting like petulant teenagers who if they don’t get their way
Too extreme. Lifetime appointments should be moderate. The GOP Is really turns no people away.
Git it done!
Let's dicuss this at your next town hall, shall we?
Because Your a party puppet, who cares more about the welfare of the GOP. Then that of Americans and democracy.
#NoProbeNoRobe #TrumpRussia
Hypocrit
Would have loved to have asked you about this at a town hall. Alas...
Cornyn and Cruz are both cowards.
"copied the structure&language used by several authors & failed to cite source material" A.K.A. plagiarism #SCOTUS http://www.politico.com/story/2017/04/gorsuch-writings-supreme-court-236891 …
No matter his reputation, no vote should be taken on a SCOTUS appointment while the President's campaign is under investigation by the FBI.
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
#MerrickGarland
Gorsuch is a prime example of a jurist who doesn't understand the difference between reading the law and delivering justice.
He rules based on the Law, not based on feelings! Lawmakers make and change the laws, not judges! #ConfirmGorsuch
Do you think Gorsuch deserves the appointment because his supporters have paid for it?
$7 million spent to make sure Garland did not get a chance to be heard and $10 mil to make sure Gorsuch did.  Sounds corrupt to me.
This is the same #Gorsuch that was hand selected by Steve Bannon who ran the racist hate site @BreitbartNews. Vote "NO".
Please..no confirmations while the traitors are in the WH.  Remove the incompetence
Outstanding in favor of corporations and extremist religious lunatics. Atrocious against individuals. #NoGorsuch .
 NO NO NO
