Which has absolutely nothing whatsoever to do with this hearing/investigation.  Get a life already, partisan hack!
I was listening on the radio. Was cornyn the senile dude who was asking questions at the end?
McCain.
Thanks for correcting me.
Which was highly irrelevant but Cornyn isn't exactly known for staying relevant so...
So did comey but lynch got everything she wanted. No indictment. No referral.  No grand jury.  She got it all and comey gave it to her
he got these revelations too late 4 justice. Desperate to redeem what's left of shredded reputation.
If one was jaded one might think he got her message loud and clear.  And she got what she wanted. But who's that jaded
Certainly not me. I never notice all that, or the people who get immunity to turn evidence that's never supplied,
Seriously, do you know how you look to Americans? People are fed up with the bs
So odd that he couldn't focus at all on Trump/Russia, the point of the hearing, Comey's testimony - 'but her emails'! #DoYourJob #Shameful
Damn, I misconstrued the topic of the hearing. I could have sworn it was about Russia. Any theories about JFK?
Why did you choose to waste your limited time asking about this? Party over country. #RussianGOP
@JohnCornyn what did that have to do with the hearing?  Stop with party and start with country
And yet he didn't take any notes. Hmmm. And where are his memos on HRC and the email scandal?
Which isn't the scope of the hearing. Stop being so partisan and do your job
Ol' John Cronyn can't do that.  You see, he's abdicated all his personal responsibility to his country & constituents for his power & party.
So THAT is what you picked up from the testimony?
Which. He. Addressed.  Your point?
Not the point! Geez. Put country over GOP! (HRC lost- you guys need to get over it)
1/TX constituent here - Russia hacks the election.. the POTUS may have behaved in a manner unbecoming of his office and you are asking..
...but her emails...and that party with the tea thing
Hmmm. I must be psychic Senator. Look what I tweeted at you 5 hours ago.....
Uh that's why she recused herself from the decision to prosecute. Where were you last summer?
That's terrific, but we're 4 months into THIS admin & still don't know if Ruskies have pics of Trump w hookers or loans w his name on them.
Since Sen. Cornyn is so invested in distraction tactics and collusion to whitewash this dangerous and unstable admin, he'll say anything.
Not one single ? about Russia.  More deflection. So disappointed in Cornyn.
What about your country?
Cornyn is an idiot. Ask a relevant ????
He comes from the same state that gave 
us Ted Cruz. I understand now..
And on behalf of this Texan, I apologize.  Doing my best to #CanCruz18 and #CanCornyn20.
Unfortunately, my state gave us Mike Pence
I'm not proud of that.
Russia hacked our election but we are back on emails .Trump over country
Lol Russia! Seth rich leaked the damn emails and this is a mass cover-up to hide multiple deaths and corruptions underneath democrats beds
Election is over a John so stay on point. This is about the lies of this Administration that you continue to support.
This is important today, because???
Again, you wasted your time!
2/.. about Clinton emails?????  2020 can't come fast enough!!!!  P.S. - when are you going to show some bravery and face your constituents?
Yeah, that's the real story here (you are lost)
It's time for Johnny to drop the email issue and instead focus on protecting our constitution instead of his electability.
Cornyn,I think you were unaware what hearing you were at. It was about trump. Maybe you should have asked him about his favorite restaurant
Duh!  but it's ancient history! What are you doing about the MASSIVE conflicts of interest in existence right now?!?!? Nothing!! #voteuout
#Comey must be prosecuted for leaking classified information  to spark an independent counsel.
Ya think
Yet he did NOTHING!
I agree. The DOJ was not acting independently or objectively. They've been broken for a long time. Great interview with Comey.
While today does not settle the matter, it's good to know there is enough to keep the drip, drip, drip up for at least another year. 2018!
Stop! We are dealing with what is happening right now! Stop trying to distract with school yard bully tactics. This is  #TREASON, Senator.
What a joke! John wasted his opportunity to truly get answers. Embarrassment & complicit.
But that he had done the investigation and KNEW that there was no "there there"
Pathetic move, still have a hard on 4/Hillary. Please move to Oklahoma where they still suck.
John Cornyn is a disgrace to Texas.  Quit going back to the Clinton email. It's NOT the issue.
Some failed to let you guys know that this hearing is not about emails.
But the emails!!!  All you can talk about when what is in front of you is obstruction of justice by 45*.  Your partisanship is legendary.
@JohnCornyn why do you continue to try to embarrass yourself & our state? Get off the damn Train & Do Your Job!
#RepublicansAreCriminals #comradeTrump  #putinspuppet  #TrumRussia #TrumpTiesToRussia #TrumpTaxes

https://twitter.com/SayNoToBs/status/872854721425551360 …
His questions display his inability to move forward. Are his loyalties to uncovering the truth or displaying vulgar politics. #AmericaFirst
Yes, and Comey is "hopelessly biased" against @POTUS . Loyal to Lynch and Obama. Enough said.
Unbelievable. You concentrated on HRC's emails again. So disappointed, yet not surprised.
And then Comey dunked on him!
Remind the public, did Obama fire the head of the FBI for investigating the Clinton emails?
And Trump wanted JC to be head of FBI!  Imagine that, the only senator at bi-partisan hearing acting as defense lawyer for Trump.
funny and convenient that Comey has no written notes from that era! Hmmm #gangof8
You think? LOL Clintons are crooks, Trump just questionable
Which is irrelevant to why comey is there Hillary is not under investigation Donald is but he is incapable of working for us only for Trump.
OMG...let if go...she lost...you  #yourlastterm
Why are you so obsessed with HRC? Let it go. It's sad that you didn't really ask about anything important. #Shameless #resist
@JohnCornyn wasted his 7 minutes because he's a petty spotted old man.
So? Lynch admitted as much which is why Comey was in charge of that July announcement. Old news.
Cornyn is a fu kking 1diot & a traitor to this country. I wonder what Putin has on him and his side chick/chicks.
And yet THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH CLINTON’S EMAILS, YOU PATHETIC PARTY SHILL, @JohnCornyn
When ALL else fails, try to shift the focus away from Putin's useful idiots. Most of America is too smart for you Cronyn!
Wow, how excitingly irrelevant! What are Comey's thoughts on Reagan's role in IranContra?
Good one
You really do have a crush on Clinton, 'cause you just won't leave it alone... smh
Clinton emails ??   You know man... we're watching you !!
Bringing up Clinton AGAIN WOW THIS IS ABOUT TRUMP MORONS
NO..Stop lying "I knew there was no case there" Comey said, adding that it would be unfair to appoint a special counsel for that reason
Spot on.  Thinking of moving to Texas.  Keep up the good work.
You'd fit right in.  #UsefulIdiot
Sticks and stones...

Get a grip.
Nope. I've got a grip. You're a traitor to America. #Cockroach
Confirmed Russia is hacking into our elections.
Yay!  More emails news!!!  LETS FOCUS ON THIS!!!!
