Isn't it? Considering the Senate is forging a bill with 12 white men,  no women or minorities, including Dems, I'd say that was newsworthy.
And that bill is being forged in secret,  without debate, & plan to go direct to a vote to cram it down our throats . . . or up something.
Yeah.  Newsworthy.
Actually glad to see that.  Thank you for posting it.
And it IS.  Wld be nice  if the GOP stopped crafting policy that is a - for  the people & worked with  dems. DO. YOUR. JOB.
You blast Dems every other day. Yes, it is newsworthy because people like you put party first.
it definitely is newsworthy compared to all #fakenews they have been spewing out lately.
Honestly, when you all appear on shows and go along with the vitriolic speech about how Dems and The Left are destroying US, then yea...
Well...they are shooting people. So...he's not too far off.
Let's be very clear...the shooter hated mainstream Dems only slightly less. I could make the same comment on ultra right shooters.
The VA shooter was a mainstream Dem. A member of The Resistance. Tell yourself whatever you want, but he was like you.
Ok, if I agree with you, will you own the Portland shooter? He was a Trump supporter.
I'm assuming you're referring to the guy that stabbed people? Another Bernie supporter...
How about you being some BBQ to a healthcare hearing?
*bring
BBQ the great uniter! Sen. Isacson, one of the kindest, hosts every yr.
cruel and unusual punishment for the reporters who had to stand outside and smell that amazing-ness Thurs afternoon
You need to make nice w Team Isakson!
You don't get to pat yourself on the back b/c you were assigned a seat near a #dem that you didn't even talk too. #dobetter
Hold #townhall #complicitcoward #DoYourJob  including meeting with your constituents not just pleasing the interests that line your pockets
Harris and Leahy's are definitely making a "No, @SenTedCruz , you cannot sit with us" face
Did you invite miss Harris so you could interrupt her?
WaPo thinks sit actually reports the news
Probably cause y'all have us convinced you're mortal enemies.  It's like looking at divorced parents in a custody battle being civil.
Don't they call that chewing the fat?
#Together - It's how we develop mutual respect and deflate partisanship in order to defeat common enemies and resolve common problems.
It is newsworthy. Would like to see more of it.
I bet Rs pay the check
More tweets like this please and better treatment of Ms. Harris too. Thanks!
oh for heaven's sake, grow up. Your infantile tweets are really irritating us here in TX @txlege @TXDemWomen
senator, your tweets promote divisiveness. Isnt it better to have nice news to report vs more violence? You are a callous shallow old man.
More noteworthy, did you interrupt Kamala much while she was carrying on polite conversation? Asking for some women.....
This is really snarky, from someone sneakily trying to pass legislation to kill millions
I would start hanging close with Kamala Harris. She is an intelligent, strong women. We need her in the White House.
Is there something wrong with that?  Would you prefer a dividing line down the center of the room?
1) I'm inclined to believe you only mentioned it because you're in the cover photo.
2) Given how much time you spend libeling the Democrats and dismissing their concerns as "crazy talk," this IS newsworthy.
3) The story is about a rare moment of bipartisan unity after an armed gunman attacked your colleagues, but you're too busy slamming WaPo--
-- to notice.
4) At least include the actual story. It's available online.
So. On. Point.
I do what I can.
What about your support for the president?....crickets
Sure, WaPo thought so.  What did JoCo think about breaking bread together?
As hateful as Rs and Ds have been to each other the last decade, it's newsworthy and refreshing when you guys act civilized!
If only you could enjoy that kind of camaraderie with your constituents.
When y'all having a town meeting??? #coward
Maybe y'all need BBQ once a week!
#ShowUsTheBill
But was it pulled port or dry rub brisket? #FightingWords
I'm a constituent & haven't agreed or supported u much lately. Rs & Ds dining together shouldn't be news, but it is. We need more of this.
You tend to be way too bipartisan
You're such a partisan hack. No gravitas.. seems that wasn't always the case.. who stole your cajones??

how about ordering up a BBQ feast & invite Dems & women to discuss the health care plan; stop secret talks numb nuts. stop deflecting.
Aren't we all Americans?! Do you think it's cool to be cynical? Isn't that what 12 year olds do?!
It shows that the Dems unlike ppl like you Cornyn try to work together. You whine about an article while you work to strip healthcare
Why take time to be snarky about this? Your tweet has 0 value.
You must be a really miserable person to paint a rare moment of nonpartisan humanity in a negative light.
I would not enjoy a BBQ w/you. You are the biggest threat to my health. 77401 Senior female constituent. #ShameOnYou
Bad photo.  Not one of you looks happy to be there.
This Special Counsel is nothing but an indictment or impeachment in search a fictitious crime. I have never seen anything so stupid.
If you don't reign in this out of control Special Counsel, i and thousands others are done with the @GOP . Mueller is hiring Hillary lawyers
So when is @washingtonpost fake news? 

You are both adamant & inconsistent on this depending on what you're deflecting.
Senator Leahy looks thrilled to be sitting next to you. #ShowUsTheBill  #TXVoter
BBQ, get a town hall going and I can get several pounds of brisket and sides from Franklin's and take them to Houston
As much of an ass as you are to Democrats, that shows a great deal of patience. I hope your table manners were better than your politics.
How 'bout you sit down with your constituents for a town hall to talk about #healthcare?
Breaking bread is always a good first step.
Well, do you want them to report good news or not? Which is it? @SenKamalaHarris
nothing brings people together better than a good rib
All Americans do Senator.  Just listen to the dc political conversation and tell us that RsVDs is  not predominantly the storyline.  DC SAD
I think it newsworthy  that you are not tweeting a disparaging article about a D, Obama or HRC, since that's most of what you do here...
I would find it newsworthy if you talked openly about the healthcare bill you are sneaking through the Senate.
I dislike WAPO, and no longer pay any mind to What Ever They Say.  Makes no difference if right or wrong - I pay no attention to WaPo
Why are you bashing this? Your negative attitude is exactly what is wrong with politics and #Americans don't appreciate it! You work for us!
Yeah but you thought this was worth tweeting about when you could be working on important issues like healthcare, Russian interference, etc.
He's in Texas. He could have a town hall.
Yeah he sure could. @JohnCornyn what gives? Do you prefer BBQ over doing your job and holding a #TownHall ?
Your constituents would find it newsworthy if you held a town hall so you could truly represent us. #TXVoter #RepresentUsAll
Actually it is. It gives people hope you guys might actually have a conversation about working for the people of this country. #weneedhope
It kinda is. Bc to many it appears that Rs and Ds cannot get anything done TOGETHER to benefit this nation rather than the party.
Do you accomplish anything but tweeting? You are susposed to be fighting for our president, not hanging with the enemy Kamala Harris.
So how about including Dems in the secret health care negotiations?
And this is strange to you. I live in Texas. 75% of my friends are Republicans. Geez, John. Get a grip.
It is newsworthy, John. You're secretly crafting a TrumpCare bill that will kill millions. No one wants to eat with a monster.
Why are you a source of such persistent negative energy?

Most Senators have so much in common in their rarefied positions of power that ideological differences probably matter v. little socially
Do you think it is weird that you cannot get along with your peers?
Considering the current state of affairs, it is not just newsworthy but important for the rest of us to see. Like AHCA.
WaPo included a picture. OH NO. Unlike your constant pandering to your base, this is fake news. Represent ALL Texans please.
Hey, Austin. Let's reword last sentence to: You never quit being a jackass. Think we need to spell it out cause obviously he can't see it! 
Now if only you could legislate for your whole constituency together. THAT would be big news.
Glad to see this 
Yeah, its newsworthy. Rs aren't interested in doing anything in a bipartisan/open manner. They've lost their understanding of democracy.
I prefer @KamalaHarris Sir, at least she is fighting for my rights and health as a woman. What are you doing? #TXVoter #SaveTheACA
The sad fact is, the only thing the shooting will change is the budget for congressional security detail.
Politicians should be able to separate political business from personal business. 
I find it newsworthy b/c coming together for a meal is a start. We're so divided, any opportunity for unity is welcomed.
It doesn't matter whether you all eat together or not. You all don't work together PERIOD and it's tearing the country apart.
You can just say you don't like the photo hun
Fake pboto?
This is what political correctness looks like from the Right.
Initiate more bipartisan events @JOhnCornyn and perhaps it would not BE newsworthy.
Were you interrupting Senator Harris?
Of course. To hear Ted tell it, it's sacrilegious for a Republican to eat with a Democrat! Now, open up the Healthcare bill to both parties
Sadly, these days, that is newsworthy. Still waiting on champion from either side 2 b willing 2 work with both sides in constructive way.
Considering YOUR vitriol, I would find it newsworthy if you were nice to anyone nor funding you.
Sadly it is noteworthy. I think it's something the grown ups in Washington should be demonstrating more often.
@gop @rnc Dude, R's & D's having BBQ is not the problem. It's the whorish addiction to Dark Money and the subsequent "legislative" agenda!
Great barbecue in ATX. Have a Town Hall and I'll bring some.
Well it is based on the way you trash-talk Dems all the time.
Are you interrupting Sen. Harris in that photo though?
He's probably asking her to get the table some more sweet tea.
That was a start, now if the Rs would let the Ds in the room where the healthcare bill is being crafted, that really be news worthy!
Why are you crowing about this when you're one of the people causing all the polarization? Sanctimonious hypocrite.
True. You post insulting things about D's on twitter all the time. Maybe if you didn't contribute to the divide, this wouldn't make news.
As much as the two parties like to blame each other for everything under the sun, maybe it is newsworthy.
Photo op for Cornyn.
He does like seeing his name in the paper. Regardless of what the article says.
It looks to me that the article was more focused on making it know that Rs And Ds are civil and actually behave cordial towards each other.
You would have been invited, but you were to busy kissing Trump's ...
I for one find it refreshing
Its newsworthy
Given your public complaints about "Ds", this shouldn't surprise you.
