Yep. Done. https://twitter.com/DavidMDrucker/status/847906699231072257 …
right because not holding hearing wasn't unprecedented. Stop with the holier than thou bullshit.
John it's the job of the senate to WORK TOGETHER for the good of the country rather than party or self. Why don't you get that?
Garland????
Just like Merrick Garland
Really! Why do you say this stuff? If you want to tweet-try tweeting true stuff. M. Garland. What did you do last year? What do you expect?
Can you explain GOP treatment of Merrick Garland?
Dems did the same thing for a Bush pick. Listen to what Biden has to say about final year appointments. Dems are hipocrites
& why does #gorsuch want to be tainted w/ appt by a crook? If he were so honorable he'd be w/drawing right now
No, what is "unprecedented" was @@gop robbing Obama of his @scotus pick #MerrickGarland  #resist
absolutely.  His name is Merrick Garland.  Remember the guy you wouldn't even give a hearing.  Your Hypocrisy is unbelievable.
How about Garland???? #2020
It was unprecedented to deny Garland a hearing, much less an up or down vote! Your hypocrisy is unprecedented.
You are a shameless confabulist with a memory problem. #MerrickGarland #SCOTUSnominee Looking forward to 2020
sure, Merrick Garland
Unprecedented?!  Ur kidding right?!  You're acting like GOP didn't through a tantrum onEVERYTHING dems support. Including Merrick Garland
@seungminkim republicans didn't allow garland a hearing
@seungminkim GOP started this obstructionism, up to them to extend olive branch to fix it.
Oh, Please. GOP wouldn't even give Garland a hearing or vote. When will GOP quit being as childish as the President?
Do you think the dems would forget Garland - think again -
Wow. You have a short-term memory problem. Google "Merrick Garland" to refresh your memory.
@seungminkim Sure. Merrick Garland.
@seungminkim Up to Rs.  Partisan refusal to meet SCOTUS nominee unprecedented.  If not Garland, would they ever allow anyone a..
Sounds like a great job by the Democrats until we figured out what's up with 45 and his administration of billionaires
Remember Merrick Garland?   When is his hearing? He was a legit nominee by a real president. Pretty selective memory you have.
How about when you Rs refused even to give Merrick Garland a hearing, let alone a vote? Vote No or I predict karma will get you
GARLAND
Rhymes with Schmerrick Schmarland

No vote til all criminal investigations into Trump/his campaign aides are closed. No probe, no robe. Also, #MerrickGarland , ya hypocrite!
@ddsmith3388 thanks Nick! Love the no probe, no robe. Cornyn thinks we forgot Garland. He's trying to please the Orange One, and the MAGA!
Seriously, @JohnCornyn? You refused to even CONSIDER Garland. Don't pretend partisan BS began Jan. 20--we know the truth. #notgettingoverit
You thought it was great when GOP obstructed & wouldn't grant Garland's hearing. How did you not see this would happen?
Funny how short your memory is...Merrick Garland...ring a bell?
for the record, I'm your constituent and we will #voteyouout
I'm going to side against 2017 John Cornyn and with 2016 John Cornyn. Let's wait for the next president to fill this vacancy.
Sure, Garland.
Da, komrade
Why do you want to confirm a judge who is anti-working class and pro-corporations? Who is anti-everything we should be standing for?
Country over party John. Gorsuch is a bad choice, much like everyone else @POTUS has presented to congress and YOU have approved
You are Mr. Short-Term Memory.
do you mean like last year when GOP wouldn't hold hearings for Garland? Because that seemed partisan. Just saying.
Stealing seat from a sitting president was also unprecedented.  Do you think voters have forgotten?
John Cornyn must be intentionally trolling his constituents now. Not smart buddy.
So, because Dems vote no = obstruction? It is their right to vote. But GOP obstructed by NOT even hold hearings. You are responsible.
Rs blocked hearing and constitutional nomination of Merrick Garland. Blocking hearing is unprecedented and only done by the Trump GOP.
@seungminkim not to beat a dead horse, but remember that whole Merrick Garland fiasco.  Don't think y'all allowed a vote either.
John Cornyn, king of hypocrites!
R's refused to even vote on last nomination. NOT UNPRECEDENTED.
garland should be scotus
Explain Merrick Garland. Hypocrite! Signed, your constituent
Pot, meet kettle.
ummm.... MERRICK GARLAND?????
In all seriousness, please go to a doctor and get diagnosed for Alzheimer's. You're forgetting things that recently happened.
Ummm Senator?  Does the name "Merrick Garland" ring any bells?
No. You did the same. You didn't like Obama so you did not even allow a hearing. Stop acting like you didn't start this bullshit
The filibuster is unprecedented.  Did you just skip the entire 2016 year as an elected official?  I'm so glad I get to vote against you soon
We aren't going to appoint anyone in @POTUS last year.
Nuke them.
what goes around comes around
Remember when y'all wouldn't even give Merrick Garland a hearing?
Like you gave Garland a vote. #DoYourJob
these are unprecedented times.  when did we ever have a Russian puppet prez?
It's hard to imagine how hard the head is of the writer of your tweets. GOP deliberately obstructed all of 44 measures, and now this note!
Two words: Merrick Garland. Your argument has NO merit.
You and your GOP cronies can't really be serious when you point the finger of "partisanship" a Dems. Merrick Garland would be voted "up."
If only everyone played by your rules. Lol. Maybe we should block everyone until the next president has a chance to nominate.#fairisfair
You just don't get it John. It's not about a nominee. It's about bringing disgrace to the court with anyone nominated by a traitor.
You were gonna cock-block a Clinton nomination the same way you did Merrick Garland, don't feign outrage because Dems are doing the same bs
Garland!
What about Merrick Garland? It was the longest standing nomination so yeah, maybe SCOTUS will be 8 people now #hypocrites
Why was Garland not appointed? Oh yeah, y'all held out OVER A YEAR! Trump has NO business in politics, & now we see you don't either!
dpRemember  Merrick Garland? You didn't even offer him a hearing.
HOW CAN YOU SAY THIS when your party spen nearly a full year denying even to meet with or vote on Merrick Garland's nomination?
What goes around comes around. You've only yourself to blame.
Where the fuck was your vote on Merrick Garland?
Unprecedented? Merrick Garland wasn't even given hearings - last year. Surely you remember.
Sure. Just not this guy. Prefer someone who will answer a tough question. Understand?
are you kidding? Unprecedented. Remember Merrick? #outoftouch
All you gotta do is vote on Garland first man
You're a hypocrite, John. I can't speak for everyone, but your condescending, gaslighting hypocrisy and cherry-picking is getting old.
You are so blind. Why didn't Garland get an up or down vote? Once again, so ashamed that you are my Senator.
Maybe you should be more bipartisan with the Dems instead of being so hypocritical. Treat other as you'd like to be treated.
Ask Garland?
You are a hypocrite. Where was your outrage with Garland.
@seungminkim stop this. Your caucus didn't allow Garland hearings & members said they would leave the seat open entire HRC term
I do find it strange you call it unprecedented. Were you in Russia last year, too?
Really? The guy that was nominated according to the protocol of the constitution your party disregarded.
#Garland
Oh the hypocrisy. Do you remember someone named Merrick? Oh wait maybe you don't since R's didn't even give him a hearing
And one more Big Thing. Don't confirm until we get to the bottom of TrumpGate. Period. We aren't sure 45 is legitimate.
Yes. #MerrickGarland You guys could have done the right thing last year. Give him a look. It is the RIGHT thing to do.
Is a SCOTUS apptment from an illegitimate Pres able to remain on bench? Why don't we postpone Judge Gorsuch, so we don't have to find out?
Senator.... you're a damn joke.
Do you have so little respect for the American people that you think our memories are this short or that we are this stupid....really?
Merrick Garland gets a hearing or no one does.
Uh. Merrick Garland?
I know I know!!! #MerrickGarland....you know this, John. We know this. Just.....stop.
and honestly, I wouldn't even want #MerrickGarland confirmed at this point. NO SCOTUS until #Trumprussia complete.
#merrickgarland?
They'd allow Merrick Garland.
.@JohnCornyn seriously, I'm beginning to wonder how it's possible for so much hypocrisy to ooze out of one person. #gorsuch
I hear Merrick Garland's pretty good.
Just like ya'll refusing to even have a hearing for Merrek.
You going to see people are involved now and won't forget
Are you suffering from selective amnesia, or do you think we are? Merrick Garland ring a bell? Hypocrite.
Garland... remember him?
You guys thought you were smart asses when you blocked Obama from his appointments, it was his to choose!
You didn't even have a hearing for Garland!  How do you live with the hypocrisy you spew every day?
How abt apologizing for not giving Garland a hearing. That would go a little ng way to repairing a bridge
@JohnCornyn You should really ask yourself the same question. What happened to Merrick Garland?
No. They should not. #MerrickGarland
You didn’t.
Merrick Garland
no.  I vote in TX
Yup, Merrick Garland, rightful owner of that seat. At least give him a vote.
yeah, totally unprecedented. Not like the GOP would refuse to meet with Garland...
For 8 years, your party in the Senate taught an advanced course on obstruction. You have demonstrated bullying since the WMD lies. Reap.
#MerrickGarland
Nuke it. Dems have no basis, no courage, no ethics
What has precedence these days?  DC  pols make their own rules and expect citizens to not care., just go along. We care deeply Senator.
Hahahah! Actual question: do you think we're stupid?
The Rs started this when they would not allow Merrick Garland an up or down vote.
I'd guess they would allow Obama
If not Garland, would Rs ever allow anyone an up or down vote? You make this too easy, Senator...
@seungminkim Except the precedent from your party just under a year ago, you mean?
your party is the biggest bunch of hypocrisy ever.
The losing Democrats are "The New Party of NO"!!! They are following Obama, DNC "resist" Alinsky radical procedures!!!
Maybe if he had a better history of judgements. I don't want someone who treats corps as people, as more important than people, etc
Much MUCH worse what Rs did to Obama nominee. U were in that group. Remember that? Probably forgot all about it. We didn't.
did you allow a vote for Merrick Garland? #NoRussiaProbeNoSCOTUSRobe
Yes. After the criminal investigation of #POTUS and his campaign team are cleared. Simply asking you to wait. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Merrick Garland
Your ability to lie with a straight face is so fascinating.
Agreed @YesHeatherSays. The hypocrisy is amazing! And Obama was legit! This one may not be! How's that for a reason to wait?? #hypocrite
Did y'all? Merrick Garland?
THEY LEARNED IT FROM WATCHING YOU DAD!
That made me lol...thx
You're welcome!
Oh please, whiney man....you wouldn't even hear Garland.
By stealing Garland's seat and going w/nuclear option 2 appt Gorsuch during investigation of 45 & co, his rulings r effectively compromised.
Every tweet u send makes you look like a bigger hypocrite. I'm going to be so happy to vote for ur opponent in 2020.
Senator, do you remember Merrick Garland?
MERRICK GARLAND ...
Dems would vote in a nominee that hadn't consistently shown he is far right. Try for a moderate nominee and see how easy it would be
No nominees while under FBI investigation. No means no.
Not unprecedented. What's unprecedented is R obstruction of lower court judges during 44's term followed by stealing Garland's seat.
You feeling okay? Has all the "winning" made you delusional? Btw, I'm your constituent. #merrickgarland #hypocrite #voteyouout
As am I. Try listening to us. You work for us. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #SenateIntelligenceCommittee #TrumpRussiaCollusion #goodbye
Wait, what? Tell me again what happened with Garland? Hypocrite.
I guess it's only slightly different that your party's blocking of Garland...how many days again?
Not while trump is under investigation.
What about your unprecedented block of Garland?  #shameful #representMe
You know what else was unprecedented?  Blocking another SCOTUS nominee from even getting a hearing for a year. #obstruction #hypocrite
Reading all the comments here, this tweet kind of backfired, eh? Kind of like the @GOP backing Trump idea backfired. #VoteCornynOut
Yes. Merrick Garland
Remember Garland?  Gorsuch bad choice-track record bad for America, as a Constituent I ask you Vote NO.   #noprobenorobe #Trumprussia
Yes, absolutely.  Merrick Garland.
Not hearing Garland was "unprecedented" too. Reap what you sew. No @scotus robe til deep painful @potus  probe.
As one of your constituents, I say....
MERRICK GARLAND. YOU thought it was a brilliant plan to stop Garland's nomination. You can't cry about D's now. Hypocrisy!
Merrick Garland. This is all about moderate, well-qualified Merrick Garland, and you know it. I'm a constituent, by the way.
Oh do you have amnesia you obstructed Garland's hearing! In the name of what? Hypocrites!
#MerrickGarland is the nominee @JohnCornyn promised to beat like a piñata. A #SCOTUS nominee should pass 60-vote threshold or be withdrawn.
After what you jackasses did to Garland, you have one option right now: shut up and rethink your choices.
It doesn't have to be taken away. I'd bet once the investigation ended they would vote to confirm POTUS nom.
"REMEMBER THE ALAMO!"

With @GOP turning America over to Trump/Russian #FakeNews, & cowardly sucking up, @TheDemocrats are our only hope.
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
@JohnCornyn Garland.
#merrickgarland
Not unprecedented at all.  What IS unprecedented is a R senate that is turning a blind eye to its country.
Let's just rename the @GOP The hypocritical party!!! Unbelievable. Playing by two sets of rules!! Americans are tired of your corruption!!
No @JohnCornyn it is not unprecedented. You did it first. Remember? Last year?
And Obama was a legitimate president. We're waiting on #SenateIntelligenceCommittee hearings to conclude that this one is. #Trumprussia
Gorsuch is even less centrist than Scalia was - why is this response so surprising to you? Garland was lib, but more centrist than Sotomayor
Essentially, the administration nominated a partisan candidate which elicited a partisan response in return. No concessions made from Rs.
And yes, we would "allow" Garland. He was actually a gop pick. That's how fair Obama was trying to be!! N u wdn't even give him a vote!!!!
Your hypocrisy just cost you one vote in TX. Mine.
Count one more mine
*cough*GARLAND*cough*
All important actions need to be stopped until the trump Russia is concluded. We have an illegitimate president!
Merrick.Garland.  And Cheeto shouldn't make appt while under such an investigation. #Trumprussia
Marrick Garland.
.@JohnCornyn How about an up vote on releasing those tax returns? #Trumprussia
Garland!
Simple fix. Don't use Nuclear Option and reduce court size to 7, oldest member retires. Congress can change the size of SCOTUS #FTFY
What about that Merrill Garland guy
Up to Rs. You know full well that Democrats would allow a moderate Republican judge; not an extremist like Gorsuch.
#merrickgarland
I freaking loathe almost all of you, no matter what your party is, because you're full of crap and completely self-serving.
@seungminkim GARLAND
It was also unprecedented when the Republicans left a nominee to not be confirmed for a -year-.  I don't see you complaining about that.
Yes they would. For Merrick Garland.
