Wall?
While taking food from hungry children. Shameful!
where is the revenue coming from?  How is this being paid for?
last 4 tax cuts led to increased revenue - Kennedy,regan,bush,Coolidge...like a charm every time 
All were short term before losses.

For GOP cuts to break even economy has to grow by $5.5 trillion or 4.5% for 10 yrs according to CRFB.
4.5% may seem hard today cuz the last guy never broke 3% though evry other prez for last 50yr did
The GDP has averaged over 4.5% growth once & it was under LBJ who maintained 5.3% growth.

Kennedy was close at 4.3%
Clinton kept 3.9%
GW Bush lowered it to 1.9% in 2007 and concluded his presidency with a recession that took 5 years to overcome.
yea he didn't always understand the free market either
You are aware that we spend more than any other country on military/defense?
Plus funding for Planned Parenthood, sanctuary cities, & ACA subsidies.  Senator Schumer  appreciates your supporting his Liberal Agenda.
You forgot to mention you funded Planned Parenthood again and didn't fund the promised border wall.
Big John didn't forget, he knows  exactly what he funded. He will continue to do the work of the democrats so long as he's in office.
Please discuss increased spending of the 45 family. I am particularly interested in NYC and FL expenditures.  Can you speak to that?
More bombs & fences?  How many "small business" owners do you know who are gov't contractors??  Take you time, up I'll wait...
Time for you to demand an independent investigation into #TrumpRussia!!  Now!!
And 41 million just for trump's golf trips....so nice to see our money put to good use 
suggestion: instead, try $21B in student loan forgiveness. #Budget2017
And let's continue to be at the bottom in the country in education.  And the top in births to teens. You need to retire.
We need to flip Texas blue in 2020
AKA $21B for racist claptrap.
Wasted $$.
And you are proud of this? Because in your view there's no better place to invest in the future, yes? #election2018 #texas
Funded planparenthood,Obamacare,sanctuary cities  Didn't give president what he wanted in defense spending NO $ ForWALL you make ubama proud
and funds baby murder and sanctuary cities and no funds for wall. Good job. WHY do we vote for you? why?
What about education?
Been throwing money at education for year. How about hiring better teachers,holding them accountable, reward the best and pay them better?
Seriously??? Can we please invest money in education and healthcare so we have a nation worth defending?
Please listen to her Cornyn
Absolutely the opposite of what we should spend money on. We should invest in mental health, health care, & education.
You caved in every way! Pathetic, we didn't send you there to roll over! Grow a pair and start fighting or we'll find someone who will #MAGA
If only that $21B would trickle down to the troops so that they don't have to use food stamps.
Yes, let's take away health Care coverage to make sure people die with in the borders. These are wrong priorities. #sad #resist
let Trump and his elite WH staff pay for his wall. @AltStateDpt @DFWIndivisible @SenTedCruz @maddow
Exactly
We don't need more defense spending and you know it.
No.
Out of touch
We already spend more on defense that the other top 7 countries combined. But we all know how Rs love the idea of blowing ppl up.
Could spend that $21B to invest in the American people instead of perpetuating a near-constant war machine
I do not want a wall, we can secure the border a lot cheaper, the wall is a stupid idea made up by a stupid man
We know you don't want to build that wall.
get united and fight like a Dem. We will elect someone who will. Reps have a super majority.
USE IT!
No. Spend more on education, universal healthcare, and resolving legislation involving immigrants.
Who do you represent?  You work for us not the President and these expenditures are not in line with our priorities, e.g., education.
Budget Deficit Hawks betray their principles again
Where u getting the money Senator?
ah Bombs not womens health- got it _ Town Hall to explain it to us ?? #nomoreyears @txlege @TXDemWomen @statesman @dallasnews
Republican version of fiscal conservatism...
Wow, John! For someone so dedicated to US military, your own military svc. record seems to be lacking. Did you have bone spurs too?
AND an increase in a lot of things conservatives don't want to fund. PLUS Senator there are NO funds for THE WALL! GOP are weak!
Good, I want to spend more on defense then the next 40 countries combined! Spend it all on defense! Genius!
And go ahead and say it ... it also undermines the ACA and puts American lives & healthcare at risk.
Build the wall!!
Stop wasting taxpayers money on unnecessary, over-the-top defense spending. Just a gift to contractors who fund your election.
Let's keep wasting money...

But no more for education and Healthcare. As long as we can keep people out, undereducated and sick then we have succeeded. Repubs are sick!
But not a stupid wall!
What percentage of tax income do we spend on defense?
At the expense of children, the poor, and the sick.  Don't call yourself a Christian, sir.  #hypocrite
What a waist of money. 
USA Outspends the next 5 countries combined. 
But we can't offer healthcare or decent education..
Not pleased about concessions to Dimms.
No deal
Not that that is anything to be proud of.
A good start.  Get good proposals and fund the wall 2018.
On the backs of the working poor, women, and children. Great idea.
if schumer says this is a good deal, then it cant be. let us down again
Not good enough! Why let the "dims" get their way again?
Fund. The. Wall.
This is why you won't have my support in your reelection. These funds are much better put to use in our schools. Education is everything
No wall and give Planned Abortion all they want. Stop bragging about big accomplishments. Get on board with HC and tax cuts.
Right. Cuz the largest military in the history of the world is more important than healthcare. Idiot!!!
ICYMI=House=Republican control+Senate=Republican control.Why allow Dems to bully pulpit conservative policies? BTW=PRES=Trump (R) #GrowAPair
“@JohnCornyn: Spending deal: include $21B increase in defense spending and increased border security funding” #fb #Texas #Senator
We do need increased security at the borders so that our TX Highway Patrol can go back to patrolling highways. But NO WALL.
Just like @GOP start wars, send our soldiers to die, cut taxes on wealthy, tank the economy! NO thanks! @All100Senators
The people demand a WALL & a budget. You can't run the US govt without a budget. That's insanity.
And how much for security at Mar-a-Lago and NYC? Why does Rump need 3 White Houses?
The majority of voters did not vote for Trump. These are 2 things the majority of America does not want. Hold a Town Hall & see for yourself
When Chuck Schumer is tweeting how great this bill is, you guys have screwed the pooch.
Deception by John Cornyn. Their plan is to increase funding for the border so they justify not building wall. Cornyn is a liar.
How will you pay for it, if also cutting taxes? Honestly, I'd rather see infrastructure and anti-poverty spending than the useless wall
last 4 tax cuts resulted in increased govt revenue...bush,regan,Kennedy,Coolidge - like a charm every time
Who's going to keep us safe from the White hate groups ? Aren't they terrorists !?
Completely given up on that balanced budget, have you?
Senator Cornyn, what about the border wall? The American people want a secure border. Will you support The President on getting it built?
mexico is paying for the wall, as the president promised. or it won't be built. i will not, NOT give a cent to this bait-and-switch con man.
Don't worry Hector, NAFTA will be renegotiated and somehow someway Mexico will end up paying for it, maybe not directly but indirectly
well, they're going to have to, because i'm not paying for it directly or indirectly. a man is only as good as his word, president or not.
Is Rebekah Mercer ok with that . We do not need to spend more on defense .The GOP loves to start wars
Democrats love to lose them.
Not enough military funding and we want WALL funding!  Do it or get booted!  Americans feel as if their Republican congress has failed them!
Sir we don't want to fund Plan Parenthood. I don't think you guys get it!
But no wall and murderous PP still funded. Traitors!!!!!
- We spend $618B annually on defense
- Illegal immigration has been declining for 13 years
- El Paso has lower crime rate per capita than DC
You're funding PP, obamanocare & bailing out Puerto Rico Medicaid. This isn't what America wants. Fund wall or shut down gov't
Increasing defense spending is like increasing the amount of quick sand a person must wade through. Better management of dollars is needed.
Fiscal responsibility? Bullshit.
So we have the biggest most funded defence in the world several times over but we need to spend more money bullshit that can go to fix roads
That big increase in defense spending is irresponsible senator.
You got hosed bro
Will this allow us here in Texas to return some of that Money to schools k12 & higher ed. ?
was our defense lacking before hand?
No and no.
Demand the wall ! No more excuses !
I keep hearing how many Republicans think Russia is our ally now. What do you think, John? Is Putin an ally or adversary?
We have the biggest/best military in the world...spend that increase on enrichment, poverty, and healthcare where it can do some good.
And science and research investments protected, for now. Public science and R&D are essential for long-term US economic security.
You corrupt Republicans build the damn wall!
What about the American people? What about not needing a bigger military? What about most illegals getting here by plane on valid visas?
Where is the money for the wall?
I hope Potus vetoes this bill.
You people (Congress) just don't listen to the people.
Where are all promises President Trump wants
And doesn't respect ANY of the rest of the president's agenda. This is a Democrat budget! You should be ashamed, sir. I hope it's vetoed.
Yes, and unfortunately funding PlannedParent and NEA. Let them get donors & patrons. Taxpayer money should not be used on that way.
Thought you were serious about the debt
What about the wall?
mexico will have to pay for it....as promised by @potus.  as a taxpayer, i feel bamboozled into possibly paying for a wall.
We are all bamboozled!
