@RosaR1942 well said
is speaking the truth!! The people should listen to our good elected officials. Keep fighting John
simply disheartened in your response on behalf of all of #Texas. Defend #trumpoverrated in lieu of empathy. #gop #TXvotes #unfit
your boy trump is a reality show figure.  He is all about the camera and what will get a squeal
What part of Ms Streep's speech do you disagree with?
The rest of us, including the former Trump supporters who've already wised up, want him exposed for what he is.
And we have the right to demonstrate by the millions against an autocratic administration; you wait & see
Oh brother, you just continue to disappoint me.  Why did Streep say that you disagree with?
It can be upsetting when people tell the truth about the damaged President Elect, if you put the R party before America.
what part of her speech don't you agree with? Making fun of disabled?  Bullying? Free press?
We also have the right to not re-elect morons
Hollywood characters live in a fantasy world they create & have difficulty relating to a real world where they aren't in charge.
agree! Sad dementia riddled actors should not talk about politics. So out of touch!
I see you're following The Fonald's playbook. Call people names. Defame character without justification. Say "Sad." Sad tweet.

Obviously. Neither does Donald. Not caring doesn't = good argument.
.@JohnCornyn Translation: Trump criticizing the disabled reporter is OK by me. #maddow
And the right to totally kiss their orange ass too, apparently.
And a right not to give a rat's ass what they say.....
Referring to Ms. Streep? Guess you have trouble with her criticism of Trump, who does not have an iota of common decency.
Decency....look it up
you mad, bro?
Yes, freedom of speech works both ways. Knowing more people disagree w/DJT than support him, how will you serve the people?
your PEOTUS mocked a disabled person; where's the human decency in that? Not a virtue to hold up for our children.
the potus elect is a freaking reality tv star. Get a grib.
Trump did not mock the disabled reporter
I watched all videos; bottomline: poor judgment to use gestures so easily misinterpreted. Not presidential.
And we have the right to primary you in 2020. Better start looking for a new job, sport.
Who knew that pointing out an act of indecency, inhumanity was so problematic #NOMORALVALUES of ANY KIND
she spoke the truth and it's a sad day when u criticize someone for speaking against bullying.   #texasvoter
You're right! That's why Ted Nugent & Kid Rock will never see a penny from me.
And as the voting public, we have the right to campaign against you.
even the entertainers that originally backed your candidate don't want to be associated with him. Think about it
U must love a guy that #gropesmarried #Pregnant women? Talk about moral values much?
First defn of "patronize":  Treat with an apparent kindness that betrays a feeling of superiority.
Tomorrow I'll lecture everyone at work on my political views...until I get laughed out of the room for wasting peoples' time
Thank you for speaking sense.
I guess that leaves you with football and mixed martial arts.
and I have the right to not vote for a person who won't treat all people with dignity and respect.
Answer your phone instead of tweeting about celebrities. Do YOUR job.
What was the last Meryl Streep movie you paid to see? Probably not a big impact from the crowd you're appealing to.
Meryl Streep speech wasn't about politics. It was about decency.
something he knows nothing about.
Have fun defending your reality TV star. I will never again vote Republican.
he said 1000 times he wasn't mocking a disabled person. Seriously???
So @JohnCornyn does that mean you support @realDonaldTrump 's mimicking of other abled ? And his apparent lack of respect for others?
Your party was hijacked by an entertainment figure and you act as if this is normal. Remember when the party actual had values?
like we have the right not to re-elect Reps/Sens who toss 20 mil off insurance, w/ no plan on where they should find coverage.
It wasnt political. It was a call for decency
Yep. Trump is horrible
She was talking abt decency not politics.  Party over empathy?  shame on you.
Such a shame you didn't follow your own advice ...
Isnt trump an Entertainment figure that used his fame 2 express his political opinions? Will u not patronize him either?
Donald Trump is an overrated rich celebrity. 
Meryl Streep is an overrated rich (cont) http://tl.gd/nnba9t 
like that's really going to work. We have a right to oust you from office. Focus on issues not an actress!
or not to re-elect them in 2020!
Ya know John, maybe, just maybe what she brought up has merit. Maybe you should think about looking into that.
I agree, but Senator, as a man with Parkinson's Syndrome, she spoke what I've thought. I know you're supportive and reasonable.
BTW, What have you done for me lately? Other than sit on your ass and plan to strip my friends of their healthcare
We also have the right to vote for you, or not.....
Are you being purposely clueless about Trump? Is that hard to do? Trump mocks the disabled- how is that ever ok in your opinion?
Streep Art/  Pay $40 to watch 3 transgenders try and figure out what they really are. Want hate. Refuse to cater a gay wedding.
I agree. Hope you support those who are boycotting the Inauguration performers.
You have the responsibility to listen to constituents. I'm one & agree wholeheartedly w/what Meryl Streep said.
@realDonaldTrump is unfit, uneducated and vengeful.
True leaders OWN their mistakes, they unite not divide, and they work for everyone. I can not count you in this group.
Yeah? So now we need to move on to approving Trump nominees without the full vetting process? @JohnCornyn
you mean it is acceptable to use her popularity as a "bully pulpit". We become that we rage against
Wouldn't hurt you to listen to them
She said we should be good humans and she condemned bullying. You actually disagree?
please read and heed the last paragraph of Lincoln's inaugural address. Reps at every level should listen to and respect all.
it is not a political opinion that a disabled person was mocked... it is, sadly, what actually happened
@realDonaldTrump Entertainers like Trump R citizens firstly  time to own up It's obvious clear as day TD was mimicking disabled
you're right. Trump is a bully.
: Entertainment figures have the right to use their fame to express political opinions; we have the right not to patronize them
trump is an entertainment figure and a bully.
What they don't understand is that this is why (one reason, anyway) Trump was elected.
Will you be boycotting the arts in TX? FYI, All/Texas artists are all about expression so could be slippery slope for you.
it's not patronizing to listen, those views represent the majority, who voted Clinton #GoldenGlobes
if you defend Trumps actions you are just as guilty.
What's your favorite Meryl Streep movie?
Like where you going with this. Can you boycott ppl& DJT who support Russia, & racists/Sessions, Bannonn, & xenophobes/GOP, too
And we will exercise the right to vote you and your Trumpery enablers out of office.
Even a blind hog finds an occasional acorn.
She's educated & entitled to speak out as Trump did with his celebrity status for many years. Always dbl standard fm u
RIP Irony
That's true, they, like all of us have the right to criticize PEOTUS by quoting his degrading, vilifying, & untruthful rhetoric.
haha wow. "The sky is blue" one heck of an aid to Meryl Streep. Thanks for the edification John! (Heavy sarcasm implied here)
You should probably watch Silkwood first though.  You could learn some import stuff from that movie.
You know Streep is right.
So, it is a political opinion to say we shouldn't mock the disabled?
Good luck not patronizing MERYL STREEP.
Also, how do we not patronize the entertainment figures when they become President? Like *cough cough* Donald Trump?
If the American people elect a reality tv show actor they should value the opinions of a brilliant and talented actress!
I hate when "entertainment figures" jump into politics. Just shut up, act, start a charity, and die. We don't need your lip
Liberals love a good boycott. One should not complain about her words & then promptly go see her movies.
.@JohnCornyn why would u move forward w/ cabinet post hearings? Especially impt given fact that most have never been vetted 4 any govt post.
.@JohnCornyn U were once a lawyer. Wld u move forward with deposition w/o first having complete responses 2 rogs & doc requests? No, so 1/2
.@JohnCornyn Instead of calling 4 boycott of Streep, why don't u call 4 full vetting of cabinet nominees? #Priorities
We haven't had cable provider in 4 years and haven't been to a movie in 6. We refuse to spend our hard earned money on 'elites'
and he is a narcissist, sociopath, and psychopath.
and he's humiliated & belittled many without knowing any of them.
The intern that runs this account is really substandard.
So, you're fine with mocking disabled people? It wasn't a political opinion, it was about basic human decency.
.@JohnCornyn @PatrickSvitek This is so  true, as the NFL and that QB have found
Its a lot easier to disagree with them when we don't elect degenerates to represent the GOP.
but you patronize trump the worst celebrity
New yorkers like him have this habit

He always tends to use hand gestures as a tool to communicate
How about you stick to your job and do it as well as she does and then you can judge that?
Like how we're boycotting stores that sell Trump goods? Cool.
The guy you supported mocks disabled people don't patronize us @JohnCornyn
Mr. Cornyn, did you speak out against it & the other times he's insulted people with his name calling?
Entertainment figures? You mean Trump?

good one
