And this is your way to restore the rule of law and security?????
SO IF SOMETHING YOU APPROVE OF TAKES PLACE ITS DOJ, IF YOU DONT ITS TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, PLEASE CHANGE YOUR PARTY AFILIATION TO DEMOCRAT,
Great way to stick to the poor. Let the payday loans run amok. Let anyone buy a gun. Yes, I love my guns, but this is stupid. Talk about WH.
You really have no #shame, do you, Senator?
When will Republican Coward leaders Stand Together with President Trump and Country Support our Country Stand Together Cowards Wake up
Wow You really don't see what a racist you are by supporting the end of a program intended to help POC and marginalized people. #Gross #sad
Disc. after just complaints? You don't even listen to your constiuents' complaints. How much corp $ was involved? You were against CFPB too.
No thought, no analysis just "Obama was for it ergo, I hate it." No principles to evaluate legislation. Can you sink any lower?
Of course they are; OCP was working to reduce fraud & money laundering, which Rump loves! You are going down with the ship @JohnCornyn
Your parents didn't raise a man of the people. Just a predator like these financial institutions. Oh, they must fill your war chest. #RESIST
You should be ashamed by your party over country support of @realDonaldTrump!  You'll be outnumbered in 2018 & gone by 2020!  #boybye

Are you saying that enabling loan sharks and money laundering is a good thing?
Banks are evil. Money makes people evil. Politicians are vile evil. Medical Insurance companies are the vile evil. Why support so much evil?
Oh look, more Nazis supported by Cornyn.
JC you have really lost it!
Another win for big business, Repubs that fill their coffers from same.
U have never had to live paychck to paychck as u are privileged. These companies prey upon the poor INCLUDING military. U should b ashamed.
John, figured out how to blame ObamaCare for #Charlottesville yet, you will. Liked your no more criticize Prez, so you want praise #Nazi ?
On your watch
This was quite a segment from @CNN that will be shared far and wide 
You gloated in obstructing for 8 yrs. without thinking of improvements. Now, all you do is destroy. GOP cannot think.
You're anti-facts Cornyn, trying to create a false reality alongside Trump.
You're contemptible Cornyn
Cronyn supports all efforts to hurt Americans. He wants supremacists he supports to be able to get easier access to funds to buy more guns
How about extending that same idea to cannabis shops? Let banks do business with the entire legal cannabis industry.
Are they going to continue to downplay the significance of right wing extremists who cause by far the greatest loss of life through violence
I guess you missed antifa's violence
Jeez, still no firm condemnation of the racist KKK and Nazi groups.  You are deplorable.
Nazi lover hate monger coward old white gray weak man
#ImpeachTrump
I so agree!! We need to cut these payday lenders loose on our low income citizens! There's dollars to be swindled there!
John what will you do when Trump resigns and walks away leaving you in your puddle of words?
Because of course it will make the businesses more money and the little people less.
Now if we could only get rid of that pesky CFPB, customers would be freer to choose how to get ripped off with no recourse.
You are using this as a bragging point? Do you need to be shamed into "seeing the light" about predatory lending, just like neo-Nazism?
Action


Only greedy pigs like payday lenders.  Republicans are wallowing in their mud.
What part of that helps "common humanity?" They are there to rip people off and keep them in economic poverty.
As we restore the rule of law and security, @JeffFlake reminds us of the value of hard work and our common humanity.  You just missed it.
And u think this is good? Wow.
Thank you President Trump. Thank you for accomplishing what lazy senators refused to do.
#NoBalls #Complicit #RacistTrump #NotMySenator
do you know any specific businesses that were harmed by this law, besides payday loan scumbags?
Congratulations. Another Obama rollback.  So what are you doing to try to protect Americans from gun violence, fraud, and predatory lending?
You're complicit in every way possible with your continued support of Trump! ##impeachtrump
Another Twitter distraction from a do-nothing senator who can't stand up to the idiot in the White House.
"Law abiding business" does not mean it has the public's best interests in mind.
Is it 2020 yet? #VoteOutCornyn
We're starting with  @tedcruz @SenTedCruz #BetoForTexas #Beto2018
Short term loans are a predatory business. You should take action to protect citizens
Follow the money. Release the tax returns
Have you ever spoken to a person who had to use a payday lender? Are you aware of how they hurt poor people?
Yay! Now fraud will be easier. Thanks @JohnCornyn
Bahahahahahaha
But do pig blood soaked bullets really work, Senator Cornyn?
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
Trump trying to end democracy.  #NazisInTheWhiteHouse
.@GOP to continue Operation Chokejob. #ImpeachTrump
