Does it ever get tiring to just like, troll constituents instead of doing any actual substantial governing?
He is such a DBag
And the estate tax?? Bullshit we know it doesn't trickle down it trickles up
Dishonest John, you left out the parts where he said any tax cuts must be revenue neutral, and that we needed to use surplus to pay down
Debt rather than giving tax cuts to the wealthy. What @SenSchumer said is NOT your plan at all.
"It would be a huge mistake to take the dollars we gain from closing loopholes and put them into reducing rates for the highest income
"brackets, rather than into reducing the deficit...Some on the left have suggested corporate tax reform could be a source for new revenue,
"but I disagree. To preserve our international competitiveness, it is imperative that we seek to reduce the corporate tax rate from 35%
"and do it on a revenue-neutral basis. This will boost growth and encourage more companies to reinvest in the United States."
You need all the words, John. Not just the ones that suit your agenda.
No it will not... a discredited idea for years...
So many ellipses. It's almost as if it was taken out of context.
So ... It’s ... as ... it was ....
I know you abhor dealing with your constituents, but you work for us. Turn your D.C. fax machine back on.
No to GREEDY corp/wealthy tax breaks.NO Repeal of Estate or Repeal of Minimuim Alternate tx.#NotOnePenny #TaxReform.Focus on what we say
Since everything you share is out of context & an attempt to hijack the conversation, let me remind you we have not moved on from Vegas.
Senator, can you educate my child on best method to survive a shootout with an automatic weapon? Should he run in a zig zag or play dead?
Running a larger deficit. Does Kansas ring a bell.
A tax cut would not be logical given the deficit
"Offshoring funds", "tax havens", "shell companies", "corporate welfare cheats"..say it, guys, say it!
Paradise Papers: 6 things to know about report exposing tax havens of the mega-rich http://on.mktw.net/2yzWu9F  via @MarketWatch

Manipulating context much?
Except there's zero evidence that works. How about addressing gun control?
Voodoo economics didn't work in the Reagan Era and they won't work now.  You are incapable of learning.
H.R. 36 wants to insert itself into my uterus. It makes medical decisions for patients & medical professionals. Regulate guns, not women.
Last I checked you are not a doctor and not my sexual partner, so mind your business.
H.R. 36 takes medical decisions out of the hands of pregnant people and medical professionals. #NoAbortionBan https://prh.org/press-releases/hr36/ …
Im thinking it will fatten their pockets & those ppl lucky enuf to be shareholders & and we'll be like da poor tax of 15.00 man on monopoly
It sure takes a lot of ellipses to piece together your propaganda tactic. You, sir, are a disgrace
You clearly have no regard whatsoever for your constituents. Trickle down is a bad joke perpetrated by the GOP. Never works, never will.
How do you even live w/ your cowardice? People dying by tens of thousands every year from gun violence you vote in favor of. Ur a criminal
Nice ratio, Senator Scratch-n-Sniff.
Kansas
You're dear leader is cruel, demeaning, and racist. What lovely values the GOP has! https://twitter.com/thehill/status/915302776057548800 …
You’re more full of crap than the Thanksgiving turkey ... no #TaxReform until tRump #ReleasesTaxReturns

I think you hate the people you were elected to serve. Whether it's the money you take from the NRA or the Koch Bros, we know who owns you.
Trickle down tax cuts don't work, John. They ALWAYS cause skyrocketing deficits. A ventriloquist dummy - no courage, no shame.
Reduce All Tax Rates, best growth. Great Tax Reform plan is President Trumps, Not Paul Ryan's. We are Watching & Support Trump's Agenda.
@JohnCornyn that thinking is as dated as your video
Quit screwing the middle class to pay tax breaks for the rich. U r redistributing money from the middle class upward
They pay u off & u give them MORE tax breaks. They already get TWICE as much subsidy as people. They pocket the $
BS John. The actual rate is low. U kno this.
Just like all the other times it worked like that? (Never)
Because this has never worked in the past. Just bigger bonuses for hire ups, never gets to those who need it, no reinvestment #pipedream
Quit talking, start doing!
What an tired and idiotic idea. Grow up
Supply side doesn’t work. History has proven it. Also deregulation of banks is an epic fail. Read a book.
John Star Trek there is no currency, free healthcare!

No it won't.
Great!  Trickle down again! Thats worked out great for the middle class! Soooo cool, thanks.
Stop bloviating and do something
Even if this were true, why then increase taxes on the middle class and poor and go to such efforts to end the estate tax?
This is why we tell you that trump is RACIST AF! https://twitter.com/pdacosta/status/915226413900468224 …
Yeah, let's talk to Kansas about that.
Because when rich people make money they just give it to the rest of us? Becaise that assertion doesn't pass the smell test.
Getting Old, Please !!!
Corporations would just use any benefits from tax cuts to buy back stock or purchase their competition.
It’s not the time to talk about tax reform. Talk guns.
For once we agree. I think corp.rates are too high
25% seems fair and doable.
I would eliminate the ability of corps. to pay no tax
You didn't seriously just use a meme? Are you a child incapable of stringing words together? How did you ever get elected?
So, You can use a name; and a year; and a 21st century meme!
This includes getting rid of all of the loopholes and writes offs and stuff that you have been putting in as gifts to donors right?
You say one thing one day and a different the next week on the same issue.
People who study economics understand it works just the opposite. Go back to the 1950's. High taxes stimulate growth and wages!
This is one of the best lies you have told in a long while.  We know where your vote will be, regardless of what you say. #Liar
Be careful with that football Lucy!  https://www.usnews.com/news/economy/articles/2017-09-29/would-a-trump-tax-cut-boost-economic-growth …
Corporate tax breaks only helps the Super Wealthy get Richer, 1%er's didn't get where they are by GIVING their profits to their employees!!
I don't trust quotes with this many ellipses.
how many corporations really pay full  tax rate? Few few few
Not so pro life there, are ya? https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2017/10/01/9-million-kids-get-health-insurance-under-chip-congress-just-let-it-expire/?utm_term=.ba7b77f62d25 …
Sober up for Christ’s sake, Cornyn, this is embarrassing.
Not when this is attached to it Johnny! No way on God’s green earth!!
Watch this Johnny. You might learn something.
Trump and Republicans are trying to sell you the idea that American corporations need a tax cut in order to be competitive. It's rubbish. 
WTAF are you talking about? the two top companies in the US are sitting on a $Trillion in profits that they sit on, but give them more money
Are you seriously that stupid to think, they haven't spent any of that yet on US,  but if we give them more, surely they will. Stop Lying
Meanwhile you have 59 lives on your conscience if you have one, but glad you are a Trekkie... that's important too!
How much were you paid again for selling our internet privacy? https://www.texasmonthly.com/burka-blog/cruz-cornyn-co-sponsored-bill-allows-web-browsing-history-sold-without-consent/ …
Draaag him.
@WilliamShatner this bad Texas Senator is using videos of you.  
Pass real gun control policy.
What loopholes will you close to ensure that corporations are actually paying the taxes instead of dodging them like they already are?
Are you completely tone deaf to what's going on in the country right now? Do a Google search for "Las Vegas."
@johncornyn will never do that, he's on @nra payroll, got over $10k. Just empty praying. Hypocrisy every where.
Cheap trick to lift these out of context to paint an inaccurate picture. Thought you were above this.


Data from similar reductions show otherwise; corps already swimming in free cash and using $ for stock buybacks, not expansion in the US.
"Boost" and "encourage" both sound pie-in-the-sky iffy.
Interesting that your GIF invokes a futuristic egalitarian society in which money does not exist. See #StarTrek IV for amusing illustrations
In mean time...work on gun control and cut your income for being our Texas senator.   Your not doing a good job.
We need to do mor this “encourage” it must be mandated we NOT in a mfg. based economy what we have is wage stagnation!
Stop lying. #NotOnePenny
No it won't this is trickle down crap and it never gets to the bottom
Still a political coward. Where are your position statements on Puerto Rico and gun control, @JohnCornyn ?
Devoid of facts as usual, Senator Cornyn
Thanks to President Obama the economy is already growing, why change anything?
How about instead of this, you could talk about sensible gun control? It's time for you to stop taking the NRA's money and care.
Cutting the Corp tax rate will just put money in stockholders pockets. Growth responds to spending. When the middle class doesn’t spend 1/
there is no growth, cause there’s no demand for more to be produced. It’s simple economics. Can’t republicans figure that out? 2/
Funniest GIF ever
You know John, Reagan proved you wrong...
Trickle down economics already proven ineffective/disastrous. Take a page from Eisenhower and grow the middle class.
Don’t make fun. Get stuff done!
all the lies you've told should inversely equate to living in truth on the other side. Is that your hell John?
Lol, good one.  We should adjust corporate tax rate, especially to reduce inversions, but focus should be small business.

I'm not sure everyone fully grasps yet that GOP tax plan is actually cutting Medicare and Medicaid. That's how they pay for it.
Trickle down economics doesn't work...and you're still useless!
To that I say: You’re a donor tool not a tax expert!
Biggest troll in the Senate has been drunk tweeting again.
If you had half as much integrity as you've got snark, you might make a passable Senator. These out-of-context quotes don't fool anyone.
The democrats are losers.
Well, corporate welfare isn't unique to either party.

Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”

Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…
Please provide specific examples of when this has worked before.
Show me the example of where trickle down has worked.  Reagan:Fail, Kansas:Fail.
I don't care how cute you get with your GIFs, I still want you to work for actual tax breaks for MC. W/loopholes, many corps pay $0 taxes.
And go ask your buddy @tedcruz why he spoke to a hate group today
Oh the @GOP took yesterday of from their tax propaganda. Today it starts back up without a single republican talking about the gun problem.
Do you really want to go there Johnny boy?
https://twitter.com/jbendery/status/915300694399307777 … Yeah can't pass healthcare reform so let's steal it from you.
So... Senate Republicans' budget cuts Medicaid by $1 trillion and cuts Medicare by $473 billion. 

That's all.

That is not the same as giving Trump 4 billion dollar tax savings. Idiot. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and GOP.
A lot of editing there with no context. Your social media [manager] is reaching [for] ... [justi]fication.
No substance, just like Cornyn
why are you so worried about the Dems? GOP plan on the rocks again?
Senator, with all due respect, it is imperative we rebuild the infrastructure of PR, Florida and Houston. Put your fellow citizens 1st.
Ok John which fat cat donated to you to say such bullshit, so much for looking out for the little guy huh
Hey why don't we just cut taxes for your boss & your friends so they can continue to fly on private planes & do other things to rip us off?
It is imperative we reduce the taxes on the middle class and raise wages! Trickle down economics does NOT work. Proven it does not work.
Bless your heart
Glen, wages have not increased with the cost of living in decades! I make more money in my 20's than I do now and shit costs more! #Wakeup
Get a better job, get more education.  Quit your bitching and improve your situation.  Nobody owes you.
Tweeting such a GIF is embarrassing for a public servant, but I realize the bar has never been set lower. You don't have to follow it down.
Not if you allow pass-though and do not impose requirements in repatriated $.  We’ve done this before.
Bullshit.
