I guess if Siegel's ret engineer dad can afford 2 fund a HSA then, yes, he should be allowed to save that $. However,
Mr Siegel gets some things wrong in his artcl: 1-HSA's r not 4 retired, they sh/b only 4 the working, who have $ 2 save
No surprise - the only thing it gets right is making wealthy richer on backs of everyone else. That seems to be UR only goal.
Just where in the constitution are you authorized to engage in the insurance business? IT IS NOT AUTHORIZED. Leave it to the free market!!!
Give me a credible source, not an OpEd piece.
Perhaps it may be best to also tweet the other NYT editorial?  
The Trumpcare Disaster
Very fuc*ing little, that's for sure!
So you are ok that people with mental health issues can buy guns, but not health insurance? Crazy. Hope your plan covers mental health.
No insur, they'll save ur child's life, but u would likely owe that 4 the rest of ur life. How does that look 4 a 18yo?
then they will do whatever procedure. BUT- the young person or older person will still be liable to pay the bill! So if
if he couldnt, like my mom, then why shouldn't Medicare/HC cover it?
Unless this links to a blank page, it's wrong.
If there is anything right in it why did they put an exemption for Congress in the bill?
When you have the same insurance as the rest of the US IT WILL BE RIGHT.
What GOP health plan gets right = Absolutely Nothing.
Next question please.
nope-it doesnt-ignorant of how ALL other universal health plans work/funded- stop tweeting and showing your ignorance @TXlege @TXDemWomen 
#2Wrong: Siegel says trmt is given @ hosp whether u hv insur or can afford it. If it is determined 2 b immed. necess.
"The only way to keep some people from spending money is for other people to die".
AARP AND AMA disagree with the plan
today u are healthy - low ins premiums; tomorrow get cancer - high ins premiums. low when not needed, high when needed. SOME SYSTEM
being a mom shouldnt be a pre-existing condition
being a victim of malicious acts shouldnt be a pre-existing condition
John, you've been in the swamp too long. Most of the people you're trying to help I have their hand stuck out and vote Democratic
Correct answer: nothing.
140 characters not nearly enough to list what it gets wrong.
You listen to the FAILING @nytimes now? #RepealAndReplace
Healthcare is NOT a right. STOP using my tax dollars for unconstitutional programs.
You're a miserable excuse for a human, but you get great healthcare and lots of the taxpayer money. What do your constituents get?
limit excessive cost sharing for health ins? that is what all insurance is about, sharing risk.
I practice med. I was dx'ed at 40 with MS.  Bye surgery! Re-invent,still work PT, BUT need REASONABLE $ ins. OR I on disability.
Nothing
Move along people. Just another Cornyn alternative fact. #countryoverparty #cornynlies
Dude, every medical organization hates your ideas. Because it's not about health, it's about tax breaks to billionaires. #CornynFailedTexas
@nytopinion argument is facile. health insurance will NEVER be affordable for most people. Question is how not to burden it, how to help.
What u fail to point out is it was added to stop corruption from #Republicans like u taking advantage of sick now u just plan to kill them
Doesn't do any good if he buys bare-bones-cover-nothing-at-all insurance that's costs hardly anything.  This weakens one of the stools 8/
With this framework we can answer the authors rather obvious question.  Since we need the construction worker to pay into the system it 7/
Those being forced to buy coverage who can't afford to so.  Kick out one these 3 stools and system comes crashing down 6/
W/out mandate the healthy may choose to go uncovered because...they're healthy. The mandate needs to be backup with subsidies to help 5/
To cover preexisting con. we have to force the young and healthy to buy insurance to prevent adverse selection in market places. 4/
If we as a society decide it's wrong to discriminate against this w/ pre existing conditions our healthcare becomes a 3 legged stool. 3/
Any belief that the GOP is working for everyday Americans has been completely dismissed with this Health Plan.
....pay more for coverage she might never need, while a construction worker choose a cheaper plan, that might only cover the essentials" 2/
The arthur asks a lot questions that reveal his ignorance on the issue. For example he asks "Why shouldn't a patient who is risk adverse..1/
Cherry picked hogwash. You need to look at the study he actually cites. He pretends that MINISCULE number of hypochondriacs are driving up
Costs when that isn't what the study said. It said the top 10% of spenders were more likely to be less healthy than the general population.
The reason that 5% of the population accounts for 50% of healthcare costs is because THEY ARE MORE SICK. This was the entire purpose of ACA:
By expanding the pool of healthy insured people, we could drive down costs for sick people. It's the Christian thing to do and a burden I'm
Happy to bear. Also, this study is from 2008 and 2009. It's citing pre-Obamacaee numbers. It's hogwash, just like your healthcare plan
You're not going to kill us without a fight, John.
So hypocritical and sociopathic to exempt yourselves from what you're imposing on your constituents. We see you.
gop needs to take control of the public policy legislation from dems....stop ignoring the fact that 33% of US pop is rcvng govt health bens
If it's right  then why are you exempt from it?!!!
everyone is sick sometime. you don't see it because you have Federal Blue Cross. i don't mind sharing risk that is how insurance works
Nothing. It's gets not one fucking thing right. #Resist
Medicare for all. No premiums. No deductibles. No discrimination in coverage. Rich pay fair share.
- Maternity & mental health were named as ess benefits to trim? Maternity? columnist is male but WTH. #GOPImageProblems
You won't get this right either because you are too greedy. Noticed no preexisting con on erectile dysfunction or other male related issues.
Answer:  Absolutely nothing (unless you're the insurance company or are rich).
Just #repeal, nothing more. We don't want the federal government in #healthcare  No politician has or will solve any problem.
This is what the Republican health plan gets right... umm... wait for it... ok here goes... umm... uhh...
any comments on the TREASON from Trump transition team? Why did Flynn want Kislyak's CIA profile? Copying and 1/
removing info from a classified, secure setting?
Holy cow: Trump team copied documents and removed them from SCIF https://apnews.com/b109774705594ae887a86b337c444e6b/Trump-transition-raised-flags-about-Flynn-Russia-contacts … 
Not much, actually. Have some town halls & listen to what your constituents think about this.
Get with the Aussies, see how their healthcare works, talk to people other than the drug companies, start caring, stop taking bribes.
Compared to what it gets wrong? Very little.
"Shouldn’t [people] be asked to save their own money for just this sort of rainy day?" Not when wages for bottom 90% stagnate since Reagan
And if it's so great, why is congress exempt?
Finally, not when drug companies are hike prices for treatments 400% because they purchased rights to generics.  That's $ redistribution
Insurance isn't a right and covering pre-existing conditions isn't insurance. Start there....
We're watching #2020
Nothing! It is almost like you want to laugh in the faces of Texans!
Nothing. 
TrumpCare = ObamaCare 
We're watching Mr Senator....
#2020
A credible article. But why was none of this rational approach a part of the GOP discussion? They rushed to vote without engaging voters!
The fact that this article exists clearly shows how defensive you guys are over something you know hurts millions of people.
Let me get a handle on those 'hurtful' portions of the ACA. After the ACA, insurance companies couldn't deny coverage or charge you more...
For a pre-existing condition. They couldn't charge women more, and they couldn't charge seniors more than 3x the cost of a young person.
Before the ACA, do you remember how you had to wait months to be eligible for your employer-sponsored insurance?
Do you remember how you could not buy an insurance policy on the private market in Texas that offered maternity care?
Do you remember when insurance companies had lifetime limits and even annual limits, so if your cancer care or your preemie in the NICU...
Ran up too high a bill, your insurance company could refuse to pay?
The better question is what it gets wrong. You need to be asking that question.
You promised us something better than the #ACA, but you voted for something worse.
What are U doing about the Russian influence? DONT distract. Be a hero. Call 4 indep. investigation now.Do right thing.
The debate used to be - is health care a right & should gov provide it. Now - it's a locked in entitlement & the debate is what's best plan
We pay you and your wife's health http://care.You  collect 3 penisions and get big kick backs .Pay your own health care or save up
Why does protecting insurance companies' bottom line outweigh providing affordable care? Get rid of insurers as middle man.
I'm guessing this is another case where you didn't read the article. The purported issues with ACA should be addressed, versus repealed.
: you just don't get it. The rich get massive tax cuts, the rest of us get pre-existing conditions.
#Trumpcare is a tax break for the wealthy, not a healthcare bill.
Get some women to work on the bill.And hold a town hall,learn what we want in it. And get Cruz out of that group. He's bad news.
: you just don't get it, do you.  Rape is not a pre-existing condition.  You don't care abt me, abt us.
You're on the HC committee how @ a couple of #TownHalls to discuss?

You have 11 days off!
Let's discuss what your voters want, novel idea!
: you just don't get it, do you.  Only vote for a bill you'd want to have for yourself, for your fam, your father.
Massive tax break for rich, hurt poor: women, elderly.  Republican dream.  If could include hurting minorities, would be perfection.
Why doesn't congress and Sen pay for their own viagra  vasectomy's and hair plugs ? They are still http://covered.Pay  your self

There are exactly zero women working on the Senate version of the Republican health care bill https://qz.com/977083 
It has the word "health" in it...
Nothing is right they rushed this. We the people will remember.
