Build Bibi, Build!
so you want more war and want to be bombed??? Edgy
No, sir. I want the Jewish state to be built, not to be frozen.
then you guys will be bombed for years and no peace will ever be reached, btw you have a Jewish state
be careful. It may not be just Israelis doing the bombing. They've got a friend in US.
we're not their friend, they buy our politicians which make us turn our back when they do bad things
Israel is a friend. The Jews weren't dancing in the streets when the twin towers fell.
no one was dancing in the street when the towers came down, I was in NJ
One state solution, means either you become Palestine or all become Israeli.
well, the land is a Jewish holy land, so it will become Israel
Its a Holy Land for three religions: Jewish, Christianity and Islam.
but Jews have been there longer than anyone, in fact Jews were first, then Christians and lastly Arabs
Ah, no. After 76 AD. It became Palestine. With the fall of Eastern Empire. It became part of the Ottoman Empre until 1918.
Ah, no, it was called "Palestina" 2000 years before by the Roman Empire and it was a region within a country called JUDEA
It was called Judea.
You two love each other for your perpetual hatered for Iran& Palastine!When will yall realize your policies create terrorism!
THE OTHER WAY AROUND, IT IS THE SO CALLED PALESTIANS WHO HAVE CONTINUAL HATRED FOR THE JEWS AND WANT THEM ALL GONE!
Your statement is somewhat true. U have hatred of Islam looking at your account. Netanyahu has a lot  of blood on his hands&breaks laws!
@marcorubio We,as Americans,are excited to once again #StandWithIsrael and apologize for the embarrassing actions of #Obama
Who misses Obama ?
YOU CRAZY, WHATS THERE TO MISS, HIGHER DEBT, TRANNIES IN THE WOMANS WASH ROOM PERHAPS
Israel is state of success . 
And a lot to learn from 
I wish to visit Israel some day :)
Netanyahu is a land thief and an innocent killer.
Happy about the renewed friendship between Israel and The United States of America!
very good.
very different from the prior administration.   There is hope.
@severussnape198 Obama will regret the disrespect and hate for a country that deserves to flourish.
Got a wall going spare?He's fine if racism, lying, sexism & treason are your things.Would've thought better of you
:Welcome to America. Thank you for your patience of 8 years.
well said
You beat me to the "well said"
I would not trust Trump.  Nothing about him is Presidential.
. So excited for your visit. Real Americans have and always will b with u. So happy W a successful union W Mr Trump
@POTUS finally a President who speaks the truth! No agreements until the Palestinians recognize Israels right to exist!
Welcome back to our country. What a horrible embarrassment Obama was for most of us. We love and fully support Isreal and You! ♡
@theREALdondeg USA Stands with Israel, God bless this alliance
It does now! That's for sure!
Joshua 1:8
Keep this Book of the Law always on your lips; meditate on it day and night, so that you may be careful to do [1/2]
for all those below who carry hate in their hearts,u needto follow The10commandments,reach God to find peace in ur heart
A Successful ETERNITY for the God, Land, Torah and People of Israel and all those who love Him
awesome ..Finally got a USA president who respects You and Israel .. God bless P Trump and you to prime Minister ..God will lead
Wish you all the best
GOD BLESS ISRAEL
God Bless!
Hope your new relations with the US leads to freedom for the Iranian people.
.@netanyahu surely you realize he already has an atrocious human rights record only one month in...
just keep telling yourself that ... by the way how many hotels did he promised u he would b opening in Israel?
thank you for being Our friend!!!!
#ICUMI
@POTUS finally Israel has a friend again. May it be eternally...
BB stay home!  You and your wife have enough problems at home with stealing everything in sight from your taxpayers.
God bless you and Israel ! My family stands and always have stood for you all and always will ! Finally our America is too !
God bless Israel. You are at the center of the earth. Everyone must respect your God given inheritance
@grannygethealth We voters...millions of us...u!
Was so proud to see you and Our President together! USA  must ALWAYS stand with Israel ! Hello from Lincoln Nebraska USA 
@cyndioops God bless you....always....PM Netanyahu 
Baruch HaShem!
Fantastic Sir..! God bless America & Israel!  
@brad_studio great pictures! Great day! Thank you for coming to visit us!
Now, let's bring our security forces together to obliterate Islamic aggression from the earth.
Not for decades,....for eternity
God bless you and protect Isreal from all enemies.
I love the way these two interact - obviously a great friendship there.
that's so awesome
Because nothing spells success like supporting the end of a Jewish state.
@tponews waiting for @CNN to report on this
@WhosFibbing /God Bless you Sir! Thank you for leading Gods chosen! My King and Hero who gave His life, Jesus was also a Jew.
please defeat Muslim
Did u ask him about the increasing anti Semitism in the US since his election?
WHAT A JOY TO HEAR THIS GOD BLESS THEM BOTH
It was great to see you so happy at the two-way press conference. God bless!
So nice our friendship is healing.
Welcome to the U.S. under a president who loves and respects Israel. God bless you♡
Wonderful to see you and President Trump together! My , our support is with you and Israel !
This American thinks you are great Prime Minister!
You looked bewildered as tRump SAT and pretended not to hear the questions. Can we say ackward???
#America will always have Israel's back!, 'cause we don't want nor need anymore obamas running our christian base country. 
Thank you for your patience Bibi we are so glad that the relationship is not renewed and stronger than ever
America has a true friend in you. God Bless Prime Minister Netanyahu
@CNN @ POTUS Trumps response to a Jewish reporter today, OUR brother, is an ugly reflection of his inner truth.
So glad to begin a new, positive chapter with our friends.  
BeBe, Trump and America is there 4 U and ALL OF ISREAL- KEEP HIS BACK TOO Signed: pissed off at CNN = SCUMBAGS
We luv & feel SO GOOD seeing U w @POTUS TRUE FRIENDS! WE PRAY 4 U 2, 4 USA & Israel! God must B SMILING seeing U2! @FoxNews
@charlene_welch I'm so happy to see Israel welcomed back
Whatever he promised you, he lied. He does that. A lot!!
Unless, of course, he'll make money in the deal!
so that one state solution,  is that Palestine only?
God bless and protect you and Israel sir..we have your back!
Did you enjoy it when he imparted the age-old wisdom: "One state, two states, I'm fine with whatever the parties like best."???
@AmbDermer Tzrichim L'hamid Oto L'hitnaged B'kol Tokef L'ma'asehAnti-Shemiut V'Ntinat Onesh K'Hate Crime Toch bill/exec.order.

Sr. don't mind the ignorants, There is no worse blind, than one who will resist to see. USA is with Israel & so do I
It was good to see you smile again. Nice to see a POTUS that is a friend to you, and you to him.
: we support Israel!
thank you for standing up for your own people sir! Every world leader has an obligation to protect his own people.
AWESOME...About time sir,and we apologise for the previous administration total disregard for one of our best allies!!
A change of president
makes all the difference.
@speedprayers Together We Will Fight Radical Islam and End ISIS. #GodBlessYou and Israel.
God bless you. Thank you for loving Israel and America. We r praying 4 your strength, hope+courage+ ur enemies to scatter 7 ways
Sir I think you are a very good man I stand with you
so glad to see the alliance strengthened once again.
we are with you! 
@JohnCornyn I only see Isreal, it is Isreal and belongs to Isreal and not the United Nation's.
Thankful for you and praying for Israel.
@JohnCornyn We are very lucky to have a great and wonderful person as our President.  President Donald Trump.
God may be with you both
thank you for sharing your pictures, we love you mr. netanyahu
Praise God!
@Fonda_Carm62 God Bless you and our President
עם ישראל מתברך בכך שאתה מנהיגו בתקופה זו. גאים בעמידתך, אוהבים את הופעתך ומוקירים את מאמציך למען המולדת.
@snakeriverking Welcome to the USA hope all goes well
is that the first time you were in the White House? It was a beautiful day for it!
I'm very happy to know that you sir. are back in our lives here in the States. My God bless you.
God promised to return the Jews to their homeland. Samaria Jerusalem Jude is their homeland. Shalom on Israel.
hope discussion was on a menace called islam. World is looking forward to u two for relief.
Zechariah 2:8  for he who touches you touches the apple of his eye.
@LindaSuhler finally we have a strong lead like you!
It is about time.
welcome back friend. America stands with Israel.
Love you BB
@SmallBiz4Trump GOD BLESS ISRAEL & The Jewish People 4EVER! GODS CHOSEN LAND & ALL its Beautiful WONDERFUL PEOPLE ALSO FOREVER!!!
So Glad to have you and your fine country on our side Sir!
so Wrong! As a strong Israel supporter, they looked like Russian Oligotrophs.
Netanyahu is the best leader for our beloved Israel.  Trump will not let you down and will protect you.
Thank you for your cordial meeting with our new President. Nothing but respect for you Prime Minister Netamyahu!
Welcome to America. We love & respect you and look forward to your work with our president to find peace in the world.
Thank you! Here's to renewed US/Israel relations!  
@glassyelegance so refreshing to see smiles instead of Obama hate and disregard for almost a decade.
@marcellahall6 AM YISRAEL CHAI! 
Americans love you & love our ally Israel!Thank you for your friendship & support of our great new President Trump & our country!
@JOMainEvent such a genuine friendship between the two of you! #unite #peace #love #MAGA #israel
America stands with Israel.
@MelissaTweets it's about time!
And yet you let @realDonaldTrump get away without an explanation in rising anti-semitism in the US. Shame on you!
A great day for the Jewish state
@JohnCornyn how can you support such a low life as @realDonaldTrump ???
AND FOR US in AMERICA who have been GRIEVING so many years over the ABOMINATIONS of our Govt which doesn't OBEY
We pray for the peace of Jerusalem!! The world is blessed to have Israel and the Jewish people. Thanks for so many gifts!!
@BoilerSandy PRESIDENT Netanyahu...Please help PRES Trump. I feel like he is our last hope.
@BoilerSandy DIDNT '08 PRES CANDIDATE OBAMA SEND FUTURE AMBASSADOR MILLER TO IRAN PROMISING good relations after he beat Hillary
@KSTAR102TALK thankfully President Trump is a friend to Israel unlike the jihadist liar Barrack Hussein Obama
So honored to have you in America, Sir! God bless America, and God bless Israel?
So glad you're here sir, I hope you and @POTUS create an unbreakable bond. My cowboy church in Texas prays for Israel.
@grammybijou3 FINALLY someone  who won't THROW ISRAEL UNDER ThE BUS! TY POTUS ISRAEL IS OUR ONLY ALLY in the Mid East
what a turnaround for our friends from a president that did all he could to favor Islam and terrorists to honoring our friends
Bibi, you played Trump perfectly. Compliment and support Trump (personally) and the store is open. Well played sir.
@JohnCornyn What a tool.
don't know why Palestine have sympathizers.British created Transjordan from Palestine mandate. Jordan is a Palestine.let dem go
@AKlepac it's a new day for all of us!
@yogagenie welcome Sir! So happy to see you being welcomed into our Country! 
God bless Israel
. Thank God Abe never made an Orange Room ! Mr Crooked Trump will never step foot in our white house again...#ImpeachThePresident
welcome to the u.s. Sir! It's an honor.
YES INDEED.
"Do not be afraid, for those who are with us are more than those who are with them." I am praying for you & Israel!
God Bless the Nation of Israel ,and God Bless Our president @POTUS
אחיזת עיניים
Love to Isreal!
America adores you PM Netanyahu! Come back soon and often!
I absolutely love this man who is both preserving his ppl & freedom
you are such an admirable leader Mr PM!! USA AND ISRAEL ARE STRONGER THAN EVER!
good for you, good for us...:)
God Bless Israel and United States of America!!! Such a great time in history!!!
now see it in 3D!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YB0UZN83N-w …
hope you received all you needed from !! USA
I stand with Israel.
#trump was off base with his response to ´antisemitism' question; just plain irrational
making deals with the devil, but then your one also. I hope you can sleep at night
@IvankaTrump love your outfit #pleaseReachOut so I can purchase it! Thank you in advance
praise the lord!who will bless those who bless Israel! Amen! Amen!amen!
The American people are behind you just like they are behind @realDonaldTrump @POTUS !!
awesomeness

And a bad one for those whose lands we occupy
Come again - any time. Israel is a friend and always will be. Apologies for the last few years - our bad.
Aren't you happy you don't have to deal with Obama anymore? We are!!
God will bless those who stands by israel, no one can take away from you what God gave to his people
FUCK
The favor of the Lord is upon Israel and those that support and pray 4 Israel r blessed. Bless God's people!
true Americans love you and your nation sir!  Shalom!
It was a pleasure seeing you feel welcome and 'at home' today in America.
Don't make us regret it.
We want you to win.
#IStandWithIsrael
Heart warming for us, who were always embarrassed by the treatment you received from Obama! Thankful for @POTUS & you, Sir!
May all the Arab nations stand by Palestine and obliterate you and your wandering race "nation"
@realDonaldTrump @potus can't form a coherent sentence much less a coherent plan. I suppose you think he'll be your puppet 2
@Darren32895836 Love you, Bibi, and President Trump! 
..
We must destroy hamas..
Mb..
Cair..
American people want it..
@realDonaldTrump .
We love @netanyahu 
Anti isis
@VladimirPutin
Your friendship with America is back on solid ground. Pres Trump won't bargain with your existence like the Divider-in-Chief did!
@Darren32895836 we must bond together 
Welcome to America! Sending love to Israel. 
Thank G-d for the president
We support you and the President 
so happy there is a supporting president in The White House now.
when do US taxpayers get our $38B back? By the way, aren't you under investigation for corruption?
