you may be my senator, but you don't represent me anymore #hypocrite
oh shit i thought he was being ironic
Considering the rest of the nominees are unqualified, I'd say that they are doing a good thing.
Boy, D's should just roll over after what R's did during last 8 yrs, right? What a bizarro world you created.
Democrats are protecting the Constitution. 1st ammendment!
if we're playing fair, we still got eight years of this behavior to match what you did. Suck it Cornyn.
Merrick Garland.
, you say this as if confirmation is a foregone conclusion. Per my call, a Yes for @BetsyDeVos loses my vote.
If you were a real reporter, you'd mention the amazing hypocrisy of @JohnCornyn in the statement. Another polishill?
@RosemaryBucha17 @JohnCornyn @CBSDFW It's time for Repubs to take notes and learn how to be an effective opposition when needed.
Time for Democrats to stop stonewalling? Is that a joke?
Cornyn seems to have forgotten all about Merrick Garland
LOL @gop blocked obama pick @TheDemocrats should be doing the same now to stop neofascist supreme court @cbs11jack @JohnCornyn @CBSDFW
Eleven months, Senator Cronyn. Eleven months.
The GOP wrote the book on divisiveness & obstruction. Dems are just borrowing a chapter. #RESIST #NoSessions
hey John, it's time for you to start looking for a new job! The ship is sinking. TX VOTER!!
Dems need to own it and become the blocking-est sonsabitches of all time
@madamecrab @cbs11jack @JohnCornyn @CBSDFW /Goin 2 b hard 2 beat GOP record&not sure anyone wants the new title. Just so sad
why you guys did it to President Obama can dish it out but can't take it ?
Appointing people I disagree with is one thing. Appointing those with zero qualifications is another.
John Cornyn is a cowardly shit bag.
all hypocrites!!

RT if you agree: We should give Donald Trump the same level of courtesy Mitch McConnell gave to Barack Obama. https://twitter.com/SenateDems/status/826488412505042944 …
can't eat your own cooking, huh?
LOL. pot calls kettle black.
They all need a enema so they can get going.
Senator Cornyn: quite a hypocritical stance!
JC: "Stop it!  That's from OUR playbook!"
They are following in their leader's footsteps of the past 8 years. It's boring!
I wonder if we have forgotten the GOP tactics used against the previous President. Same thing.
In all seriousness, could we get some reasonably qualified candidates first?
Two Words: Merrick Garland.
Speaking as a republican, thats abit hypocritical given our past actions towards democratic nominees.
We're reaping what we sowed, besides, there are good ressons to block Sessions, and I ask Mr. Cornyn to do so
It's page one of the @GOP playbook. #hypocrite Answer your phone, Senator! The people of TX deserve answers.
lol ok they learned this from the GOP the past 8 years!
Why?  It worked for the GOP for 8 years. Turnabout is fair play.
Looks like the Alzheimers is taking over old @JohnCornyn..You seem to forget how the GOPs been acting for the last 8 years.. #DoubleStandard
You mean -THAT- divisive strategy?  All of you, Republicans AND Democrats need to quit acting on party lines.
You mean like the Republicans did to Obama?  How Obama's Supreme Court nom was blocked for nearly 1 year??
maybe Trump should nominate some humans first. Or they should stop lying. Or fill out their paperwork properly.
"I wish we would have been less divisive when Obama was president." There, fixed it for ya!
Uh... Sen. Cornyn, which strategy? The one the Mother-Of-All-Obstructors aka #ItchyMitch employed, or what?
Hello, kettle? This is the @GOP. You're black.
they should be diligent to confirm highly qualified nominees only, with no blemishes.
They are getting the same respect they gave President Obama, which was none. 8yrs of GOP obstruction.
Are you saying the Dems should stop acting like Republicans?
, that's the best you can do, no wonder
Don't be a hypocrite Cornyn, it's unbecoming of a senator! #GOPhypocrites
Ahahahahahaha....oh wait, I thought that was a joke. It was a joke, wasn't it @JohnCornyn? #hypocrite
to the point where the people of the USA are going to have to go to Congress to get our attorney general
And now Republicans are delusional. This division is due to your President
I'm very disappointed in @JohnCornyn once levelheaded, now amoral, doesn't seem to know what  he's doing. #hearings
You mean like the Republicans did? I think @JohnCornyn may be learning the dishing it out/taking it lesson.
.@cbs11jack @JohnCornyn @CBSDFW 
.@NRSC You need to delete this shit right here. You refused your Constitutional duty for 293 days. You set the bar now live with the result. 
.@cbs11jack @JohnCornyn @CBSDFW When it comes to lecturing on obstruction I'll speak for all Democrats and say Republicans can kiss my ass
@SumerSloan @JohnCornyn @CBSDFW he can go f himself.
the Dems and RINO's are worried there will be prosecution, but does Sessions have the spine to do it?
all the tempest-in-a-teapot politicking is bias-media driven.
They learned it from watching you, John.
this is hysterical! Piss off and back at ya.
Dems are finally learning to play the game the right way.  The world isn't fair, and action defeats hope.
EVERY #Republican needs to consult a dictionary before commenting further @TheDemocrats @cbs11jack @JohnCornyn @CBSDFW #Irony #Hypocrisy
Divisive is when Republicans blocked President Obama's Supreme Court nomination for nearly a year.
@GOP is a bunch of hypocrites. Divisive is what they were for 8 years under Obama, obstructed SCOTUS nom.
we can get by with 8. So says the GOP!
A mind is a terrible thing to waste 
Dude, seriously? You reap what you sow. What goes around comes around. Goose, gander. Etc., etc., etc.
Oh, Cornyn, cry me a river about you being sad about divisive strategies. Republicans OWN divisive strategies
Pretty rich coming from the party of 'No Obama Appointees' Isn't @JohnCornyn a member? @CBSDFW
so hypocritical
turnabout is fair play!
nope.  How bout the scotus you refused to even debate. The lack of anything from repubs last 6 years!
Hypocrite! I mean, just ask Supreme Court Justice Merrick Garland. #POS
.@JohnCornyn says Sen Dems delaying confirmation of Pres Trump's nominees: "It’s time for Democrats to drop this divisive strategy" @CBSDFW
pot/kettle
And how long has the Supreme Court justice position been vacant? Hypocrite!
Wow. Have you been living in a cocoon for the last 8 years, O Party of No?
that's rich
