Please do not vote to de-fund Planned Parenthood. There is no principled reason to deny women legitimate health services.
Corporations don't have religions.  Faulty Hobby Lobby decision is reason enough.
your hypocrisy is mind numbing #MerrickGarland
there was no principles reason to vote FOR @realDonaldTrump #trumprussia
So what principle led you and the rest of the Senators to not give Merrick Garland a hearing?  #2020
And what was the Principled reason to not to consider Judge Garland? I dare you to answer!
what an odd thing to say. There was no principled reason for Republicans not even giving Garland a vote. Come on.
you're not allowed to speak about principles, John. You sold your constituents out for the party whip role. #CornynFailedTexas
Fully agree #CornynFailedTexas in a number of ways.
seriously there was ZERO principled reason not to vote for Merrick Garland. #Hypocrite  you have zero moral compass
Sure there is. Merrick Garland. Where were your principles then?
neither was there any principled reason to block even a hearing for Judge Garland. But you did so anyway. #ReapWhatYouSow
there was no principled reason to deny Garland a vote
There was no "principled reason" to oppose Merritt Garland.  Didn't stop you from stalling.  Good for the goose/gander...
only for the love of obstruction!
Wait. You have principles? That's cool.
lol republicans using the word principled after the bs move they made on Merrick Garland. Hypocrites
There was no principled reason not to hold hearings on Garland. And yet you didn't stand on principle then. So, no. Just no.
I had the exact same thought as @joannstringer here. Bet senator @JohnCornyn knows swiping this spot is wrong; rationalizing to himself.
So what's your "principled reason" for not voting on Merrick Garland? This seat is stolen.
there are MANY reasons for #NoGorsuch, you just ignore constituents pointing that out. Represent us correctly!
You guys started this fight by not even holding hearings for Judge Garland. You embarrassed yourselves thru cowardess. @tedcruz out in 2018.
Failure to confront Trump on his blatant lies re crowd size, wire taps, etc UNPRINCIPLED!
@TexasGOP except that hes a self proclaimed fascist?
#MerrickGarland
There was also no principled reason to vote against Garland. John, grow up, you are going down with Trump.
#2020
Like there was for Merrick Garland???
and there was a principled reason not to vote for Merrick Garland?
Merrick Garland
do you? Why aren't you investigating Russia-gate?  Our democracy is at risk.
, 45 is already in  campaign mode, so let's wait and let the American people decide.
There r many! He is against  Women's rights 2 start with & many more! I will send a list tomorrow. We like @GarlandSCOTUS  Night
you dear sir and your G.O.P (Govt Of Putin) have ZERO PRINCIPLES so take those lies elsewhere
#Resist
. How about your failure to protect USA from Russia corruption? No investigation means they'll do it again. Principled decision?
and Garland?  GOP are hypocrites.
there is no principled reason to have stolen that seat from MERRICK GARLAND.
- except that's he's demonstrably not Merrick Garland. There's that small issue. Reap what you sow
except the fact that he is groomed by big business interests
Merrick Garland
1. Who would want to come here now.
2. Are these “bad dudes” that are no longer coming? ( I would argue not )
how about he stands against my principles? And the principles of most of the US?
There is no principled reason to refuse to hold hearings for #MerrickGarland.
How about the reason that he always puts Corporations above individual's rights!  Does that work for you, Corny?
There was also no principled reason to block Obama's Supreme court nominee.
Merrick fucking Garland
Remember that guy named Garland you lying hypocrite
There was no principled reason to NOT TO HAVE A VOTE AT ALL on Garland in year 7 of Obama's presidency.
but I can think of many principled reasons to vote against you, @SenTedCruz & @RepRatcliffe. I'm watching your party line votes.
and there was for your refusal to even consider Garland? Careful, senator--your hypocrisy is showing.
, there was no principled reason to IGNORE Merrick Garland, either.  Turnabout is fair play, however.
No, we need to wait for the next Presidential election. The people deserve a say in their SCOTUS.
Also, as we all know now, a scotus can't be confirmed in a campaign year. Or by a #fake president squatting
Sure there is. #MerrickGarland
- you're correct senator. Just as there was no principled reason to vote against Merrick Garland.
yep, Merrick Garland
principle reason for denying Pres. Obama's nominee? Oh, Repub obstructionism. Not the best principle but go with what you know.
You shouldn't talk about things you don't understand, like principles.
There was no principled reason to refuse to hold hearings for Garland. The spot should be his, not Gorsuch's.
No new anything until all questions regarding #treason are answered and the WH is cleaned of present filth.
no principled reason to not hold a hearing for Garland
Hypocrite.
THEN WHY THE FUCK DID GARLAND NOT GET A VOTE?!? #hypocrisy
I wish u cared as much about all American people - as you do your party. Poor people matter too #goodbyein2020 #uworkforus
there was no principled reason to refuse Garland's hearings either. #glasshouse
You stole the seat, you pathetic excuse for a Texan. That's a clearly principled reason not to. #republicansdontcare
If only he cared about our tweets, calls, emails, letters. Unless we start protesting those who donate to him, it's useless.
There was no principled reason to block Garland unless your principles are to break government. Which you did. Reap what you sow
But there are good political reasons to vote against him. It's not the GOP's seat to fill
how can u even say that. U didn't do ur job for a year. Anybody else would have been fired.
Hey! You spelled "principled" correctly! Good for you!
There was no principled reason to not give Garland a hearing. Try again, hypocrite.
There should be no vote on a Supreme Court nominee until we have all the facts on the election, including his tax returns.
You are also overlooking the fact that we have an illegitimate president in office.  #RussiaGate #fullbipartisaninvestigation
Also no principled  reason not to vote on Garland. I appreciate your service to Texas but have some perspective.
there was no principled reason to deny Merrick Garland a vote.
Sure there is. Cruz already said the GOP would block any Clinton appointee for 4 years. And 45 has already filed for reelection.
There was no principled reason to not give Garland a hearing.
Merrick Garland.
Was there a "principled reason" to not hold a hearing for Garland?
Had you voted on Garland, you would have a point.  You didn't though, so you're a complete and utter hypocrite.
bullshit John there is as there was a nominee a year ago who was never even given a hearing do to obstruction
There was no principled reason to vote against Merrick Garland so that argument doesn't fly.
principles and reason - two elements not evident in this administration you support.
there was no principled reason to not even consider Obama's candidate.
Yes there is: the seat was stolen.
Maybe not, but when has principles ever stopped a politican.
so far I haven't heard anything disqualifying, but disagree with several of his past ruling. Merrick should have been confirmed
so just like Merrick then?
He's illegitimate. That SCOTUS seat was decided by the people who voted for POTUS Obama. Judge Garland.
other than the fact that you stole a supreme court nominee. Your job was to advise and consent. Lying Coward.
Well, John, yeah there is. See, you stole this one. We haven't forgotten that. Oh your legacy is getting more tainted. Bail!
2. an apology from every last one of u for your unprofessionalism and humiliating him. So disrespectful!
To bad u didn't feel that way with Merrick Garland. The disrespect u MF showed him was horrific. He deserves
Yes, but sadly, the Rs don't play principled politics. They can't be rewarded for obstruction. That's the ugly truth. They cheat
Merrick Garland.
WRONG!
Except that he refuses to interpret the Constitution in the context of our current, modern society.
@KHancock4TX @washingtonpost Where were your principles, Senator, for the last year? Why do you not think the majority matters?
@KHancock4TX @washingtonpost If you take the election purely as a referendum on the SCOTUS seat, the majority spoke clearly.
do you mean the almost 57 million who voted for Hillary
She was closer to 66M, but yes. Over 10 million voted against him with 3rd parties.
APARTHEID FAN CLUB. Just for laughs! Kind of like making women second class citizens from the bench. Hilarious!
@KHancock4TX @washingtonpost the Republican mantra was "let the people decide." Nearly 3 million more people voted against Trump
there was no reason not to vote on Merrick Garland, but here we are...
@KHancock4TX @washingtonpost Where was this self-righteous indignation when Merrick Garland was refused a hearing?
why aren't you talking about the plan  GOP is using to kill hard working Americans?are you ashamed of your party?You should be
@KHancock4TX @washingtonpost Yes, there is a "principled" reason, and that is the theft of this seat by the Republican party.
Principles!? U R talking principles! UR hypocrisy is epic! Do U think we were born yesterday? U need a Psyche eval. U R crazy.
Doesn't change that what y'all did to Garland was wrong & would have disgusted the Founders. #notgettingoverit
Democrats no longer operate on "principles"
I have principles, and I personally think Gorsuch should be in line AFTER Merrick Garland. I'm a TX voter, btw.
Merrick Garland
Just like there was no principled reason to refuse to even hold hearings for Merrick Garland.
PRINCIPLED? That's rich coming from u! There's no principled reason not to investigate 45's Russian ties! Taxes!
You are one to preach.  There was NO principled reason for you not to vote on Garland last year. You are a hypocrite.
Merrick Garland
How about his stands against women's constitutional freedom?
Hypocrite!
democrats have not principles except political victory for their party
hypocrite. We're taking you down in 2020.
Merrick.
Garland.
I like Gorsuch; it strikes me as  principled, I will treat the party in power the way the treated us. Scripture quote needed?
.@JohnCornyn And the principles reason to NOT vote on Merrick Garland was ... ?
#Garland
just as there was no principled reason to vote against Merrick Garland. You make a bed, you sleep in it.
can't expect Democrats to roll over and rubber stamp a stolen seat. That is what it is. Stolen.
While I share your frustration, what is the solution. Just keep 8 justices?
There was no good reason 4 eight years of obstruction - no immig reform, no tax reform - & GOP sitting on hands.
There was no principled reason for the #GOP to block Obama's legitimate pick before he left office, but they did it.
#RESIST
Unless you are a woman, LGBTQ,  or a person of color. Or you care about any of the above.  #MerrickGarland
How about the principle that stealing is bad?
1. Merrick Garland
There is no principled reason that Gorsuch should accept the nomination. Merrick Garland.
My gut feeling is Gorsuch is capable of protecting the Constitution and not be swayed by the Administration.
Russia
just as there was no principled reason to deny Garland a fair hearing.
Yes there is. His name is not MERRICK GARLAND.
