Check out the signs as reported by Byron York.  Not suitable for PG audiences https://twitter.com/pfikac/status/823212194481500161 …
When you trample on rights you force action and confrontation. Civility is 2.5 million protesters and no reported arrests.
Time and time again it is claimed the left should not be offended by open misogyny, racism, homophobia, and violence.
Your constituents are not homogenous, and they do not all share your "values." Sometimes civility isn't count.
Also, many protesters took their first steps to political action yesterday. To make a bold step forward.
Yet rather than applaud that voice of democracy you see fit to complain of a "lack of civility."
But protest isn't polite. It's not "nice." Because the dismantling of fundamental rights isn't polite or nice either.
If you are only paying attention to signs then you're missing the point. Your constituents are angry.
We're angry that you won't call out a dangerous administration that is attempting to lie to the American public.
: are you serious? We have an unstable and narcissistic president and your problem is with a. It's word!!!!
curse words offend you ?  And Trump's lies, instability and narcissism aren't problems for you?!
Try a little civility yourself.
So what do you call this mess?
Give me a break.  Do you truly think Trump is anywhere near civil?
and all of us prayed daily for civility from Trump.  Now want accountability from elected officials and Truth fromTrump.
civility went to lunch when PT used the word F@ck on TV, when he said "grab her by the pussy." BTW, that's assault & not civil.
I would EXPECT civility from president-elect Drumpf. Do you? How about you demand it from him? Your Bosses order you to.
Civility begins in the house - and the Senate. Women have shown incredible patience towards you and your ilk. Be kind yourself.
I don't have amnesia & remember horrors on signs from Tea Party 2008-2016. Are u saying GOP deserves more respect than Obama?

Really? After he bragged about his sexual predatory practices?  How civil is that?
We'd ALL Appreciate a lot LESS Gross STUPIDITY from Our POTUS, Sen. Cornyn. Maybe YOU SHOULD Coach Him?
When the GOP cronies stop using "grab 'em by the pussy" and "dried up cunts", maybe we can find a little "civility" too.
and i quote the president: grab 'em by the 
Like you showed PBO and Merrick Garland?
, I would hope for more civility from leaders by not grabbing pussies then bragging about getring away with it due to fame
I am hoping for a government rep who cares more for the constituents than himself.
You sure as hell won't get THAT from Cornyn. It's PARTY over country for these Republican traitors.
Sorry Senator.  You supported  misogynist for president, and will soon find your voice marginalized in this discussion.
I remember when Senator John Cronyn told the democrats that they destroyed everything he  ever believed in.
I would hope for more civility from our @POTUS than to be an unrepentant racist misogynist lying bully, but it is what it is.
it was ok when Trump said it? You shd have told Trump to be civil
Stuff it, you silly twit. We have gone 8 years
a without civility. No point in starting now.
Texans are watching YOU, Mr. Senator. Texans are watching President Trump.  I am watching.  And I vote.
Proud of Texans!
You reap what you sow
did you check out the words of Donald Trump about grabbing women's parts? and you expect us to be polite? are you kidding?
here are a few signs from your constituents ... thread: 
#WomensMarch #womensmarchhouston
#WomensMarch #womensmarchhouston
#WomensMarch #womensmarchhouston
#WomensMarch #womensmarchhouston
.@JohnCornyn #WomensMarch #womensmarchhouston
oh I'm not done, sir .... #WomensMarch #womensmarchhouston
#WomensMarch #womensmarchhouston 
Check out the signs ... of your constituents, as reported by YOUR constituent. (That's me)
#WomensMarch #womensmarchhouston
in "everyone" do you include the new president, who bragged about grabbing p&%*! nonconsensually? ~a constituent
how about let's start with civility in the presidency!!!!!!!!
thank you, Madonna.  If you want more civility, john, perhaps you should start with your president.
I'm sorry talking about grabbing women by the pussy is ok. talk about double standard. typical republican
You can talk about civility when you stop supporting the self-proclaimed sex offender you put in the white house. #ForShame
You mean like this?
it's KARMA. You earned it. Get used to it.
civility is protecting women's rights, our most vulnerable, and our planet. Show me yours.
hat is your opinion about the president saying "grab them by the pussy" you hypocrite.
I would hope you didn't back a man for the Presidency that "grabs them by the pussy" and jokes and brags about it...
@realDonaldTrump  grabbed civility by the pussy and you did and said nothing.
is a seditious Dominionist dead-set against Democracy! He is a traitor and a coward who has zero principles to stand on. OWNED!
Civility? Bwahaha.  We take our cues from the pussy-grabber in chief. #LyingLiarsWhoLie
You're kidding, right? There are no words right now for the GOP except maybe #hypocrite #cowards #shameful
The dude is a cuntchop. Stop telling women what to do and how to say it. Stop normalizing Trump
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
When women roar the language won't always be pretty. You have some gall given the vulgarity of the current Unpresident.

You haven't earned civility, nevertheless, we had a peaceful march. Perhaps you should speak to your President about civility.
not suitable for PG audiences?  You mean like "grab them by the pussy."  Didn't seem to bother you before.  Not mein fuhrer!
1.) Grow up.  2.) The same could be said for the sitting in the White House.
Criticize all you want, we are rightfully angry and allowed to express ourselves. You are TERRIFIED when we display our power
Well, we've had enough of this Republican PC culture. Us Democrats finally want to speak our mind.
Broken glass is an opportunity. Fix things!
, like Drumpf? “I moved on her and I failed. I’ll admit it. I did try and fuck her. I moved on her like a bitch.” That civility?
Dear Senator "I Support President Grab Them By The Pussy":  

Please explain why you should expect civility?
That is #sarcasm yes?
don't get too comfortable at your desk - a movement is going on & clueless dated outta touch "reps"  like you will be out !
good luck.
Sure you would, @JohnCornyn but if you could be grabbed by the pussy by @POTUS, you wouldn't be so smug, patriarchal and condescending. Sad.
Maybe if they held signs that read 'Grab 'em by the Pussy' - Trump 
Your feelings wouldn't be hurt.
I assume you are fine with "Grab 'em by the pussy" and "Get him the fuck outa here"?
You are killing women with your ancient views on abortion, how civil is that?
When you say everyone, do you include the pussy-grabber-in-chief?
that ship sailed years ago, thanks to your party
You mean like the "civility" of undermining health care for 20MM Americans? #Obamacare #womensmarch
.@JohnCornyn, do you mean the same civility given to @POTUS44 @BarackObama?
https://imgur.com/gallery/Y7Zpt 
like the Fuck Hillary tshirts I saw people wearing at a Pence rally... in front of small children.
bless your heart
oh gimme a break. Tell your president to be civil.
What was your position on these signs?
B4 Donald Trump I hadnt heard a single woman say "pussy". Maybe we learned it from him
Hypocritical. Your support of the most vulgar president in modern history should have prepared you.
Civility? Really, the least civil administration ever, and it's week one. Your cry of civility is laughable and offensive.
"grab em by the pussy" "I came at her like a bitch" "I was trying to fuck her" **mocking disabled reporter**

-- Donald Trump
.@JohnCornyn  Does it occur to you that language, images are a protest of the PRESIDENT'S own words? The time for fastidiousness was October
#Grab'embythepussyJohn #offendedyet?  #OrangeMenace #NeverMyPresident #Resist
you're kidding, right? Please tell me you're kidding. Oops. I'm afraid you're not kidding.
You didn't object with the overt racial coding & overt racists remarks aimed at President & Mrs Obama. Explain yourself.
But you were ok with Trump bragging that he likes to grab women by their ****ies?
No party that nominates and fully embraces Trump can make a claim for civility.  Matthew 7:3-5
LOL
From the moment your party yelled "you lie" at the president during the State of the Union your party has destroyed civility.
After all, John, your party set dizzying standards for civility. Can you show me your critiques of Repub. conduct? -- a vet
Ur brother Trump LEADS on the subject of civility: For example, he loves women so much he regularly grabs their pussies.
Grab them by the pussy.
have a Tic Tac
U support POTUS* who routinely publicly insults ppl he doesn't like, admitted 2sexual assault & u want us to be civil? Funny guy
And another thing, Jacky Boy, how about getting civil as in civil rights and voting rights for people of color in Tex-Ass.
Jesus, Jacky Boy, how's about you get civil about taking 20 Mil people's health care, you pompous demagogue.
.@JohnCornyn with love...
.@JohnCornyn you mean like "grab 'em by the pussy?" GFY hypocrite - lock the lying shit-weasel up and we'll all listen #trump #goldenshowers
backing Dumpster Trumpster kinda ended all that civility stuff.  to quote: 45- SAD!
It starts with Texas Republicans, "john."
pearls clutched.
civility?  No voter deserves your administration shoving Trump down our throats.  Sad and no more vote from me
we are treating Trump the way you and your ilk treated Obama, and we will continue to do so!
how about that time that Joe Willson a republican called President Obama a liar during the State of the Union was that civil?
Well your President is the one who used the vulgarity against women.  Where is your outrage over that?
I see a country becoming more decisive and polarized by comments made by our new president. Your silence is deafening.
.@JohnCornyn Suck it up, Snowflake. #MAGA #UniteBlue #Trump
Nope. Y'all started it.
I would hope for more representation by my elected official. #TexasVoter
Perhaps the Senate can build a safe space to protect your delicate sensitivities.  The John "Snowflake" Cornyn Safe Space.
"Love — Not Hate / Makes America Great!" Oh, the humanity! (So glad I'm not your constituent anymore. #NotMySenator)
your President ruined any of that by his rude, name calling campaign. Get used to being uncomfortable. Go govern, if you can
The @realDonaldTrump being a legitimate President is the original #AlternativeFact
I would hope for thoughtful consideration from my elected reps on #ACA #BLM #ClimateChangeIsReal #LGBTrights #russianhacking #truth
Sorry, Senator but Trump's lies, his lack of honesty regarding his taxes & business dealings are not appropriate at all.
Stuff yelled at me and my kid in my march of <100 people in very R Tx city was vile, too. Fix this scary mess. Do your job.

"LOCK HER UP!" "Ape in heels!" "Lyin' African!"

Oh, wait. IOKIYAR - or male. Right? You disgust me.
You built this monster. Own it.
Start with The Pussygrabber-in-Chief you installed.
Shocking. Sort of like the caricature of statues of Jesus hugging soldiers.

sorry, you lost the ability to call for "civility"  when this guy became your leader
case of the vapors, Johnny? Talk to Lil Hands Donny about civility
1st impressions matter & Trump's 1st, 2nd,etc were terrible.Have you read transcripts of his Howard Stern appearances? Vile
Trump and you are adults, you can take it. I'd hope for less raw stupidity from your boys in the WH
You prefer the shirts being worn at Trump rallies?  http://nymag.com/thecut/2016/10/the-most-misogynistic-things-people-wore-to-trump-rallies.html …
Zero arrests, which is more than we will be able to say for this administration
I thought Senators would be more civil and not support a man who grabs pussies because he gets away with it, but you sure did.
<<== Senator from #Texas where #Republicans have been fighting a constant war against #VotingRights. #civility?? #ChangeIsComing
Prepare to be unseated.
Rich. Coming from the "Trump that BITCH" crowd. You've salted the earth.
You obstructed Obama for eight years & questioned his legitimacy. Fuck civility.
Did you steal that line from Merrick Garland? Oh wait, did you even meet with him?
you are the worst Senator Texas has ever had!  You are a fake!
would you be willing to denounce "Clinton for Prison" & "Obama not a citizen" memes if we're just going by 'what's out there?'
guessing probably not.
Civility by everyone @JohnCornyn? Looks like you elected the wrong person. You support the one who threatened to have protesters beaten.
except for the man I supported as President, who was more vulgar than anyone who has ever even run for dogcatcher.
Your hypocrisy is mind boggling. I guess you missed the infamous tape. Or the hate shown President Obama.
. @JohnCornyn My sign was civil, Senator. I stand with Texas women. If you don't, you won't get my vote. Cheers, Amy (Houston)
I'm sure you said the same thing when people painted a hitler mustache on Obama right?
And I'd hope that my Senator would be more concerned with @POTUS conflicts of interest than with some vulgar signs.
I will speak with civility when the GOP removes the self-described "pussy grabber"from office. #Unfit #UnPotus #Trumputin
were you there? Kindest bunch of marchers you'd ever want to meet. But you have no interest in that, do you.
Where were you when Tea Party was posting racist memes about Obama?  Or when Rush called Mrs O "moochell" for years. Spare us.
Hey John, did Trump grab you by the boys
You helped create this reality.  Own it.
civility as in calling Mexicans rapists and talking about grabbing women by the pussy?
Did you ever emphatically disavow any of the Birther nonsense?  Did you state that it was a lie?  Talk about not being civil!
I'd say a nearly million person march with 0 arrests is pretty damn civil #WomensMarch in DC
Really?  Well when you stop trying to strip us of our healthcare and control of our own bodies, then we can talk. Buck up!
Glad to hear you're going to stand up to the President. I'll expect you to reprimand him via Twitter
Agree. I saw SEVERAL signs that said "I moved on her like a bitch." What kind of person would even use language like that?
better tell your president first.
And I would hope the president wouldn't be selling the country out to Russia like a little whore, but life's a bitch, y'know?
I don't know if you saw the pics on your link, but all signs in those pics are G rated.
How much more civil can we be when there were no arrests reported? Please educate yourself on the mission of the women's march.
http://trumps.blog/not-my-president-videos/gop-senator-john-cornyn-rips-harry-reid-for-anti-trump-tirade-dems-sound-like-sore-losers/ …
Directing your press secy to lie doesn't deserve a civilized reaction.
Go have a talk with the pussy grabber in the Oval office Senator.
Funny didn't hear you or your buds say that during 8 years of President Obama.....
JFC, you support a man that boasts he sexually assaults women and wants to destroy America so don't lecture us about civility.
.@JohnCornyn nearly 5 million protested peacefully on 7 continents yesterday.  Don't try and distract from fact.
talk to the prez...grab 'em by the pussy, schumer is a clown, lewis is a loser.  now that's leading by example! #WomensMarch
You might want to speak with the pussy-grabber-in-chief. This is counter to his own behavior. #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump
Because you and your Party were so civil to a President who was twice-elected and won popular vote. Twice.
I would hope Donald Trump wouldn't be such a liar. So, yeah, don't hold your breath. I'm not.
‘Cause Trump is so civil.
you're a public SERVANT.
we're still here and like we said while marching in Dallas yesterday, we're strong and we vote. You'll do well to remember that.
Where was your outrage when the President and First Lady were disrespected and insulted -- explicitly and in racist code?
certainly, especially @potus, or is he allowed to grab what ever word he wants?
I would hope for a Senator that will serve our children by voting against a clearly unqualified nominee.
I would hope for a Sen that would serve all Texans & not a narrow agenda. Many have asked for POTUS tax returns when will you?
I would hope for more civility from our president. Introducing concept of "Alternative facts" is far less "civil" than bad words
you are right Senator.  We need civility & attn to major probs not crowd size ect.  Lets get the cabinet approved & #gettowork
