There is an issue that GOP and Dems should be able to get behind. Oh, wait, Intuit is a big donor. Sad!
This sounds like the perfect opportunity to discuss your plans get the president's tax returns released. Congress has the ability to do so
A HUGE part of that is due to the various tax preparation companies, which have a vested interest in complicated taxes.
Go after business for a change, rather than screwing over the middle class in favor of your rich buddies.
But trump hasn't paid taxes in years and won't show his returns. You are on the intel committee, John. We know you've seen collusion.
Ask Rachel Madcow how that worked for her. Big story showed he paid more than Bernie Sanders. 
I would hope he paid more than Bernie given that Trump is a billionaire 
WHAT!? I thought one reason your side wants to see his return is because "he's not as rich as he says he is". He paid a HIGHER RATE than BS.
I bet you paid a higher rate than both. Glad you enjoy being bent over by the rich. I'm independent and have my own brain, not a "side".
So bloody what? Who cares? Not everyone thinks 'taxes' is a dirty word, John. #2020iscoming
- No tax reform bill until we see 45's returns. Is he paying? How much? Who does he owe? Conflicts of interest? #DemandRelease
Yeah. And we could have gotten the same information from 44s college records, but they were sealed for some reason. Couldn't care less.
- Right. A college transcript provides EXACTLY same info as complex tax returns. 
- exactly what I said. How much has he paid, who does he owe, where are conflicts, how might tax reform benefit him
And I would like to see if BHO had ever registered as a foreign student. But since records are sealed, Trump's tax returns can be sealed.
Tax returns are not sealed. Congress can compel IRS to release them if Trump won't. GOP should focus on present & quit worrying about Obama.
Except for Trump
And? Paying our taxes=roads, education, parks, culture, & programs I don't need but others do! That's the privilege of living in the USA.
And unlike @realDonaldTrump and many rich people most of Americans will pay their fair share
Smh, do your homework, the top 1% of income earners pay almost 50% of total income tax collections. Don't believe #progressive lies
As they should - the gap between them and the rest of us is ridiculous large. They can afford it.
Spoken like a true socialist! Well done!
Not a socialist. Just have never heard a convincing reason why it's good to have so few with so much. Whether we're talking functioning
society or for moral reasons. But if you've gotta start making assumptions to make your "point" go ahead.
Americans have spent close that in 2017 asking to see @potus' taxes. Make it happen! #ReleaseYourTaxes @potus
Does this mean you support Sen. Warren's Tax Filing Simplification Act?
We have Woodrow Wilson to thank.
Ur refusal to insist on Trump transparency = ur complicity with his shenanigans. DO YOUR JOB.
Speaking of taxes, why is the GOP (you) not voting for the release of Trumps taxes? The GOP is complicit, voters are not forgetful.
An average of 3/4's of an hour every day for 90 days?  Sounds like fake math to me...
Definitely spend more time than you do, John. Now that we've seen this, focus, John.  It's called a     T O W N     H A L L    M E E T I N G
Are those hrs tax deductible? 
The top 1% will spend even more so that they can pay less. Close the loopholes!
This is a disgrace! To be sure we follow tax law we spend to have taxes done. We're middle class/small farm/NOT RICH!
what @ realDonaldTrump?
Corporations will spend double. But pay no taxes.
So ask Trump to show his...#yourlastterm
Reinstitute Eisenhowers tax rates to make America great again
I support tax reform with elimination of loopholes for the ultra wealthy. Do not blow up the deficit. Consider a VAT.
That's a lot of time. Good topic for a town hall, isn't it? When are you holding yours?
Are you in favor of pre-filled forms then Senator?
Why not push for a flat tax or, even better, remove income tax and do a national sales tax? It would shut up these idiots for good.
He's including business accounting expenses? Because this would be about 25 hours per person.
Maybe Trump should take one hour and release his tax returns. Sorry the audit excuse is not valid...like your candidacy.
Oh please simplify the forms. It takes me 2 weekends to do taxes + Obamacare added more complexity. Repeal Ocare + separate from taxes pls.
Instead of posting articles, your new go-to plan is to post the words of others.  Got it...Investigate Trump, tell him to release his taxes
Return most of the crap to the states & reduce fed spending & involvement.  #LimitedGovernment
But the rich, like trump, aren't paying their fair share. But maybe trump isn't rich? Demand to see his taxes- let's find out.
Where are @realDonaldTrump taxes. No one believes that BS about an audit. Just another lie from the Trump Administration and @PressSec
Share YOUR returns please.
1. Tax the wealthy. 2. The IRS has the data, so why aren't returns optional under the current Code?
since govt has forms already, just send what we owe so we can stop paying rich corporations?
Does he have the hours 4 Trump family? Nepotism & emoulements: which form?
Russia connection: form?
Spending tax money selfishly: form?
And the President won't pay any at all
And your constituents have been waiting about that long for a #TownHall, @JohnCornyn! Have one scheduled yet?
how much of your income do you receive from all taxpayers?   Lobbyists?   Special interest groups?
Tell Trump to show us his!
So help me, if you try to lower taxes for the wealthy more than for the middle and lower classes....
Hours the president will spend on his taxes: 0. While we're at it, we should probably look into your tax returns, too.
Except for our president. #Trumptaxes
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @RepKevinBrady  After we see Trump's Tax Returns,  Tax Reform is OK as long as, it is Reform, not favors
... Remember boys! 2018 and 2020 is coming and so far your "you know what" is in the street.  Your business as usual favors to few are lame!
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @RepKevinBrady @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner   No Tax Returns..No Tax Reform. Drain The Swamp
By the way, that is too much time doing taxes. Please be a part of something good for the country to streamline taxes
45 still refuses to release his taxes. Demand he release his taxes like every president since Nixon. 80% of America want to see his taxes
Does that number include undocumented immigrants? Many of them pay taxes too.
 you really love opening the door for us to roast you, don't you? I mean bringing up taxes when we want to see Trumps is asking for it
#TownHall to discuss your views on #TrumpTaxes? What is your position on this common sense topic? #conflictofinterest #TrumpRussia
Here's an idea: let the IRS do your taxes for you & you correct using a free website. But it would hurt H&R Block so I guess we won't do it.
We pay our fair share, unlike Trump and your wealthy friends who you want to give MORE TAX BREAKS-and we don't EVEN deserve town halls???
Would you like to share your plan to fix this senator?
Who does yours? I bet u don't count in any of those hours! Quit pretending u care!
How many hours do you spend defending Trump for not releasing his taxes?
Trump will not even release his.  Don't you wonder about what he might be hiding?  He said he would, but it appears he lied.
So simplify it.  Whatcha waiting for?
And we will spend 1000x this amount demanding @POTUS release his tax returns! 

#SwampOfLiars
#RESISTANCE
@realDonaldTrump tax returns are so complex that you likely wouldn't understand it anyway
Oh ye of little faith. Don't bet on it.

#SwampOfLiars
#RESISTANCE
That's staggering. I guess @realDonaldTrump should release his tax returns.
Not sure anybody opposes simplification. Problem is Replutocrats think simplification equals big cuts for wealthy. 1/
Most Americans file 1040, Schedules A and D at most. Pretty simple. Simplify for for wealthy and Corporate revenue neutral NOT using 2/
Dynamic scoring and I can support the rewrite. Let's see 45's taxes to know what his tax folk recommended to him. I think he knows squat.
