Israel fully supports President Trump's decision.
Israel hopes this resolve in face of the Assad regime's horrific actions resonates not only in Damascus but in Tehran, Pyongyang & elsewhere
The strikes damaged nothing, American air strikes killed fleeing women and children hours later. Now you know. Get outraged.
Art Garfunkel rearranged 
Yay, President Trump,!!
As passionate supporter of @POTUS, this would go down as his worst mistakes as the POTUS. "Physician, heal thyself" is appropriate.#sad
Calm down. Assad did attack to create confrontation between US/Russia. Assad playing dangerous game manipulating Russia.  It will backfire.
To solve a crime, we follow the money, right, so why not apply same logic here? Who are the biggest benefactors of this mess...Assad?
What are you talking about? Assad afraid of losing power. Good relations between US/Russia would threaten that. Chem attack sabotaged that.
Typical of all Mid.East govt, & it's not in his best interest to foster disharmony b/w US-Russia. Shld've investigated b4 takin action.
It's in Syria and Iran's interest to foster disharmony. I'm sure Russia wasn't innocent either.  This was test to see how far they could go.
How so?
What does Russia want? Sanctions removed? How better to get what you want then to create conflict. Neville Chamberlain folded.
And to destroy two talking points of the hysterical left. One not so friendly with Putin, & 2 he used a woman to do it! #maga
-Thank you! We love our President Trump's decisive action to protect America and Israel. PM Netanayu USA respects you also.
@LelenaPeacock @POTUS
Lol, ok??
Mr. President sent a strong message to everyone in every Country including New World Order Elites Global PEDOPHILES!
STOP MURDERING CHILDREN
We the People Elected POTUS Trump for his Strong Leadership and Determination !
GO WITH GOD SIR.
I STAND WITH YOU AND WILL DEFEND YOUR COUNTRY .Even if it means coming their .
A nuclear arm in the hands of extremist won't be accepted. Am sure north Korea and Iran got the message
Peace,freedom,and compassion is our only hope for the entire world
The real message is that Trumps America responds to atrocities-the last eight years America decided to stop and stare. #SyriaStrikes
ARE YOU F*CKING KIDDING ME?!
But cluster munitions are AOK.
Proud to have Israeli support! Thank you!
#Istandwithtrump
Especially without an investigation and evidence!  Woo hoo Trump!  Blunder#1 and you KILLED 5!  Sleeping well now? Assad didn't gas peoples!
@PrisonPlanet look here.
You can decide to trust God, or you can decide to be miserable.
I think you now have the kind of US President you so richly deserve. God bless you, and may God richly bless Israel.
To hell with both of you. Both got bloods of millions on their hands.
This will embolden other world leaders to Take Down the nuts #Syria #NKorea
He showed the world that the Sleeping Giant is awake and he will not tolerate an attack on the U. S.,   our allies.
Amen!
President Trump is a man of integrity and solid character. Swamp rats whining now but had chance to stop Odimba when he drew red line.
Not true Susan. How do you figure he broke his word to us?
Fking fascist!
Heinous message! Everyone loses in WAR! Erdogan's son Bilal funds ISIS using BMZ~WhHelmet Intel>Bilal is responsible
Amen G-D Bless Israel ...Shalom Bibi ..#ShabbatShalom our friend . 
Isreal shouldn't be a cheer leader for US actions. Remember The Liberty.
I agree! WE THE PEOPLE voted for TRUMP bcs he's a WISE man of action who doesn't take any crap- He loves this country & wants what is best
Thank god obama wasn't  still there or Clinton. They would of stood back and did nothing. The poor people but most the little kids and babie
The USA is back baby..we finally have a @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS  with balls.
God bless our friend Israel!
Why Russia, China supporting Asad. So much misery.
25% of Trumps base was wiped out by his actions
Jews are the real SJW.
And @netanyahu we stand with you,  #always #cheers From the great state of #Georgia as well as the rest of the #USA
The Bottom line  if anyone uses chemical or biological weapons we will F..k you up
By falling for a #Soros backed #FalseFlag & helping #AlQueda(#ISIS)? Sorry not feeling the strong message.
@davidmweissman @POTUS so glad the ship built by my company served our sailers in there mission
@USA_Infidel247 @POTUS "All open burn and open detonation [disposals] now [are] prohibited under the Chemical Weapons Convention"
.@IsraeliPM @DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS

Wars for Israel. Mangled American boys.
The @POTUS  sent a strong and clear message that Israel can keep the Golan Heights and such other territory as will make Israel happy
Doesn't White Phosphorus count? Are you asking for strikes on Israel?
when will Israel act ? show the would the IDF can do good
Be careful what you wish for. Our handouts of 4 billion annually are being used to buy the dirtiest weapons on the market. Depleted uranium.

There's a new Sheriff in town!
Great Weekend Your Honorable Mr. Prime Minister Netanyahu
The message is for all countries except Israel so u keep killing Palestinians, taking their lands & Building new houses on their bodies.
Yes sir as he should have I haven't support Trump I fully stand strong behind the decision to hit Syria. America appreciates your support
The message was not limited to one airbase in Syria.
Yes, it's hugely encouraging and rather than an endless procrastinator like Obama we appear to have a decisive president. Splendid
Thank you Mr. Prime Minister for supporting our President we will have Israels back always
ROGER THAT!
Suddenly you fall for pallywood propaganda. So your sources are Al Nusra and #WhiteHelmets  ? Great. I would say target is you. Cause Napalm
Assad is despicable, modern day Hitler. NEVER AGAIN.
Mr Prime Minister.  As America's greatest ally, I trust we can count on your strength as a leader and work closely with us regarding Syria
Mr president. Israel is our greatest ally. Remember that and keep your friends close.
Amen!
This would be Absolutely hilarious if it wasn't so hypocritical considering the amount of innocent kids you psychopaths have murdered..
We have our own methods of spreading death and destruction.
Don't know, How they tolerate #ISRAEL and #SAUDI.
Ahhhhh! i forget about the so called #NATIONAL_INTERESTS  #US
Realizing globalist NEOCONS & ISIS are happy about this decision speaks volumes! We voted 4 @realDonaldTrump to put -> #AmericaFirst <-
where is your help ?? U r a lot closer man...
#NoMoreWars #NoMoreWar build the wall build the wall deport them all
@DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS 
Thank You.
Usage of chemical weapons is crime agaist humanity
That's because we are doing their deed in Syria
following the same failed unilateral policies of previous US admins.....was this strike coordinated w/arab states??
Not to mention nukes, a?
How about the murder of Palestinian children by Israel? When do we attack for that?
@DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS Will not be tolerated. Strong words from a strong President. Who will benefit? Every decent human being.
Trump Wrong to attack Syria! No threat to USA. No approval by congress! McCain & Hillary both support! Neo con war mongers love it! Idiocy!
We stand with Israel.
But Burning them in Bombs and Burning them with White Phosphorous like Israel does, is OK?
@DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS America and Israel both are so much stronger supported each other. So glad we have @POTUS who understands
Proud of @POTUS for decisive action.
U forgot ur killings in palestine? Illigal occupation of land? Creator of ISIS? and u support this attack....makes sense
it's all Propaganda,not surprise if #Israel used comical weapon in Syria to get #Trump attention
The world rest a little easier tonight knowing The eagle is watching, but tomorrow comes, more will be required.
The eagle just littered the landscape with radioactive dust. Guaranteed birth defects for the next generations to come. You must be sadistic
you know the kenites had a hand in it.
May God bless you may God bless May our countries friendship and loyalty last forever
Afterall, the use of White Phosphorus on Gazans is okay!

maybe there needs to be a string and clear message to Israel on the spread of Israel into other countries
UN need to be reconstituted to stand the taste of time not Islamic UN as it is now. This is a true Fan UN fight against offenders not US
Hilary in trousers
But Hillary already wears trousers most of the time anyways
TWO THAT WERE NEVER BRIGHT!
@LindaSuhler @POTUS 
Thought only Saudi & Iran wanted to wipe Israel off the map, not Assad ?
.@IsraeliPM @POTUS @DonaldJTrumpJr >From one old war criminal to the newest one on the block…
Then stop funding isis!!
Yes, it's great news . Appropriate , limited  and logical response to Assad and Russia. Obama dithered for far too long.
Yes but did he send it to the right people or has he been duped by the swamp in Washington? Assad using sarin in a war he is winning? No.
Unless they're being dropped by Israel in Gaza.
"If you are not part of the solution, you are part of the problem." Finally the U.S.A. has a powerful Commander-in-Chief in President Trump!
"All it takes for the triumph of evil is for for good people to do nothing."President Trump, in his forceful actions vs. Syria, stands tall.
What, by firing weapons of heavy metal, low level radioactivity that will contaminate the bodies of Syrians for generations to come? Sadist.
Screw you and he for bombs
Donny.  How many of you have to tweet the exact same thing. I thought you had your own life.
Trump's first inclination was to back off Syria in tweets to Obama. How soon we forget. #TrumpLoser
We stand with our friends in Israel
...and Palestine!

.interesting. this was gaza 2014.
Thanks for your support Mr. Prime Minister!!!
Well said, very proud of our President!
pay attention at (2.08) why not saran gas ?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pm7E-eaMZ7A …
@DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS I love Potus but those on the hill have murdered Amn citizens & intend on throwing us into camps & murder.
fake news...
That guy has it all figured out 
ابن الرئيس#ترمب الأكبر  يعيد تغريدة رئيس وزراء إسرائيل بخصوص #امريكا_تقصف_نظام_بشار .
But WHO ordered the gas attack? Need investigation. Why wld Assad gas his own ppl? isis is on the run...
R u on drugs? It's well known Assad murders and tortures and uses chemical weapons on his own people try to keep up
No, I am not on drugs. There is something suspicious about this. Listen to Savage's show 4/6/17. Brought some good points. MAGA!
Except when Israel is using them on Palestinians?
Isreal the usa is behind u no matter what msm says , they were wrong about election and wrong about pretty much EVERTHING! I LOVE U GUYS!!
So glad he's with us, as all should be
I love isreal and so does JESUS!!! Trump needs u , i love the Lord and i love Israel
Terrorists used the chemical weapons if anyone. Why no gloves worn by men helping children if chemical weapons used? Poorly staged maybe?
People are idiots who can't see that! Fake chemical attack. Ugh.
Did Israel provide intelligence in regard to the chemical attack?
I haven't been this proud in over a decade! Standing proud & strong w/our POTUS & the conscientious leaders of the nations around the world!
We wanted the grown ups back in charge!So now We KICK ASS AGAIN, WE DON'T KISS IT!#AmericaIsBack
Well said Israel  we stand united
Your tweet shows your complicity.This was not Syrian, nor Russian.  A fact I'm sure you already know.Neither was it Sarin gas.On 2 Damascus?
Shame follows this family.
Both of you are under investigation. Dark clouds follow you both.
Really? He bombed an almost empty airfield. Strong message. 
Bunch of bullshit, if he gives a shit what does and he let the refugees in?
If Trump says Assad & Syria gassed their own people, Assad gassed his own people. I'm behind Trump 100% #MAGA
Intell showed it was a Syrian plane  that dropped the Sarin gas  bombs so unless it was an Al Qaeda pilot was flying it then it was .....
What a load of 
B
U
L
L
S
H
I
T
Disgusting Zionists!
Why don't you destroy Assad, Israel?? Why get the US to do your bidding?
He would have done better to try @HillaryClinton & @BarackObama for #WarCrimes .  #LockHerUp
Remember Israel that same guy wants to ban you from USA because of the color of your skin he does nothing unless it helps him
Trump is Bossss!
Trump is a madman!
Stay out of it, one clown at a time.
Amen to that.
@22Avengers @POTUS Wait for tomorrows assesment. Assad still has means to continue.
#IStandWithTrump
#syriastrike 
God Bless our strong @POTUS
Strong? He is retaliating with warheads that will cause birth defects for generations, you sadistic monster. Birth defects. Satisfied? Sicko

