If you listened to your constituents you would know we don't want this. But you never do despite that being your literal job. #CorruptCornyn
Yes we do.
Well since you live on the ethereal plane you don't count. The rest of us don't want repeal or crappy "replace."
Repeal and free market.  Remove the expensive government bureacracy involved in healthcare and it will become affordable for everyone.
No it won't. That's ignorance of our healthcare system talking. Try again.
Hint: "free market" isn't some magic land where everything regulates itself and everyone can suddenly afford care that covers the basics.
How do you know, have you ever seen a free market?
It would really behoove you to listen to the experts when they talk (and I don't mean me).
And here's hoping that you fail in that. You are supposed to improve people's lives not fulfill vain partisan promises.
The people want repeal.
The people want cheaper health care. That isn't linked to repeal. ACA is more popular than it has ever been, hence John's difficulties.
Yes and government involvement has and will only make it more expensive, want greater value for your buck healthcare, remove the bureacracy.
I'm not necessarily arguing that a country of 335M can have one national system, but bureaucracy isn't the cause of high costs in health.
Yes it is.
It isn't.
And what else rose during those times?
Wrong
Right.
Wrong.
I've got more likes. Right
Wrong
This is a fun game..@xd_richter & @BoundforBedlam are correct & the bill hurts our most vulnerable #NoCutsToMedicaid
These graphs make pretty clear that BCRA does NOT provide access to health care for those with low incomes: https://www.brookings.edu/blog/up-front/2017/07/20/how-bcra-2-0-would-impact-enrollee-costs-according-to-your-age-and-income/ … 
Incontravertible?
Why!?  polls show the majority of Americans don't want a repeal now that they've been made aware of its importance.  Work with dems to fix!!
It would bring me great joy to watch you commit this political suicide if it weren't so  devastating to millions of Americans.
You should be ashamed of yourself...you are a joke

You need to fire your social media director.  Imitating Trump's approach doesn't work for you, very unbecoming.
And stupid.
U make me sad you are my senator.
And do what, Skippy? Health care and insurance in Texas b4 the ACA was precarious at best. Do your job to HELP your constituents!
Five days ago.
So heroic of you to try to take health insurance from millions of people 
Wrong the ACA did that but keep believing the #FakeNews
Allen, can you point me to a valid source that says ACA led to fewer people with insurance?
ACA led to 3 in my family dropping insurance because the cost went up ×3!
They should fix that. That ok?
Quit talking and deliver, move, execute or get out of the way
Please vote NO today, it's been wonderful teaching kids that aren't sick. ---Texas Public School Teacher

#FullRepeal
How about meeting with your constituents to see what we want? Republicans just working in secret....so cowardly.
Shame on you, Mr. Cornyn! The only repeal of Obamacare should come with a replacement with single-payer. Anything less is heartless.
Tell us you never received ANY campaign money from big Pharma and then we might believe you are working for your people.
does that mean you are giving up your insurance?  Stopping staff's insurance also?  Party before country every single time.
Then DO something...#donothingcongress
I hear your frustration . . . and feel the same way.
Umm...what might that bill look like, Senator? Seems like the same-old, secret, white-man-only bs that's been voted down multiple times.
You are delivering on a promise that only the ignorant want because they don't know what repeal means.  Shameful.  How's your insurance?

Cornyn just attacked Dem proposal for more stabilization money as a "bailout"

Last night he voted for a bill with just such a provision 
"It's time to deliver on our promise to give tax breaks to the rich and further marginalize the poor, and we'll have that chance next week."
And the Senate better deliver. We voted for POTUS so this would be done. The GOP better do what we put them in power to do
Finally someone with sense here.

Where is your proposal to provide affordable health insurance to all Americans?
You truly don't care about the millions of people you will be hurting if you repeal.  You are shameful and I'm sorry I voted for you.
Keep the Aca. Just fix it. It's mitt Romney's healthcare plan - it's already conservative.
Senator, with all due respect pull your head out of Trump's butt. What's the matter with you? #koolaiddrinker
It was a stupid promise. Please deliver on your promise to serve the people instead.
Okay Johnny, you gonna repeal ACA and millions will lose healthcare. You are a real butt
Ted has THE plan. Let's do this!
Well 49% liked that promise before they knew about your lack of preparation for the job. Now it is pretty plain that you lack good ideas.

Wld b sickening if you got @SenJohnMcCain from bed from his own healthcare crisis (get well soon Sen McCain!) and IF he voted ppl off hc.
Do NOT vote to repeal #ACA, & leave millions w/out healthcare. Work w/#Dems on bi-partisan solution.
Or you could believe us, your constituents, when we say that we NEED Obamacare. Don't repeal - fix it! (I live in 76710, btw)
Is the repeal going to affect senators and house members? Scalise, McCain, all of y'all should have your benefits repealed too!
So what's in the bill?
Do not repeal. No Rep proposals increase coverage while decreasing death rates. Vote against repeal. Constituent-78028
country to VOTE your way. We will come up with a way to deliver suit on that. VOTE NO ON GOP DEATH BILL. WE WILL NOT BEG
If you vote yes on this bill you will kill my sister,my grandson, and myself. PERIOD. VOTE NO And stop offering to drive our Senator cross
This Trumpian style video w/side camera angles makes you look even more untrustworthy. #WealthCare
Do it
I truly do not understand why you hate America.
.The government has no business being involved in healthcare. Government ruins everything it touches. Get out. Stay out. 
#Repeal
Blah blah blah blah blah.  Man up
Yet u haven't listened 2 ur constituents, the experts or the CBO. UR plan is worse than #ACA & particularly mean to the #disabled community
I'm a Texan and I don't want your shitty plan. How about representing us instead of him? Him= @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Stop trying to repeal find a solution that is good for all Americans The president does not give a dam all he wants is to keep his base
VOTE NO!!! YOU WORK FOR US, NOT INSURANCE COMPANIES, PHARMA, OR YOUR DONORS! @tedcruz VOTE NO!!! #maga
Yes vote to abolish Obamacare. Thank you.
Don't vote to repeal the ACA. How and why is that better for Texans. More than 4.5 million Texans will lose coverage
You had better vote against it. Mainstream Texans are sick and tired of not getting a voice. Courts will end gmandering and you are gone.
From a Texan: NO repeal. (Some promises are meant to be broken.) How about working to improve ACA instead!?!
NO REPEAL!
Just shut up big forehead
Please work to make the ACA better. Do not repeal. 
Listen to your constituents. Read the responses to your tweet. #dotherightthing
Millions of Texans will lose coverage if you repeal ACA. People will die and millions more will go broke trying to get medical care
Its called put a cap on the insurers!!!
AND MOST AMERICANS DONT WANT IT!!!! REMEMBER...WE ELECTED YOU! WE CAN VOTE YOU OUT!! FIX THE PROBLEM IN A BIPARTISAN WAY!!! OR YOU WILL GO!!
Bad idea!
We need to pass it to find out what's in it, right?
No. Affordable healthcare for ALL! Do it now.
Told by your staff I would be covered bc I had cancer 35+ years ago. What about taxpayers who are sick now?
Patient advocacy groups oppose it. Insurers oppose it. Hospital associations oppose it. Doctors' associations oppose it. Square that 4 us.
No Johnny, it's time to deliver fair healthcare for your constituents.
KILL THE REPEAL ALREADY. SIGNED, AMERICANS
Show us where there was EVER a mandate to Repeal ACA? Pew Research=17% support repeal. @GOP train wreck just doesn't stop.
Go for 55 over for medicare &single pay
GO for 55 over for medicare
With what, precisely? Last I checked, there's no actual bill to vote on!
What is that fixing? How is it helping? Be honest for once.
So you are on record that you promise to throw 10s of millions off healthcare
all due respect, talk is cheap.  actions speak.
If your replacement is so good why did Congress exempt itself from the plan that hasn't even been published yet?
ah yes "the compassion is called for" but go ahead and die guy. Border security...healthcare one note dude. #cornygoals
And fail a 3rd time on healthcare legislation?  Move on to something you can be successful at.
We do not want a repeal for repeal's sake. Make the ACA better and stronger!
Don't do this. Either leave it alone or improve upon it by insuring more of us at lower cost. Please don't harm the most vulnerable.
Repeal without replace will create confusion and disarray in industry-
Just repeal the whole thing....like the politicians said as they ran for office....
NO ONE wants it repealed without a good replacement! Too bad none of you damn republicans can come up with one!

Please carefully consider that it is far easier to tear something down than build something new.
@MattMackowiak If GOP allows Trump to fire Mueller , THIS will occur right here in the USA
WARSAW! 
You lie. You know you lie. We know you lie. Just stop it.
You are a Trump tool & he's throwing the entire GOP under the busTime for Texas to realize it's time for a change! Vote Blue for progress
If it sucks so bad, let it fail. Let the free market kill it. You're a Trump lackey and an embarrassment to the great state of Texas!
That's not what we want. IMPROVE it don't repeal it. By repealing you are hurting my daughter & many like her #preEXISTING #lifetimemax sad!
Without knowing what's in the bill? That doesn't seem like something competent leadership would do.
WTH was there before the ACA, Einstein?
