I am a senior who pays $500+ for a Medicare supplement for my husband and I. Do think this new plan is fare for us? NO
Go back to work! No such thing as retirement in GOP's America.
There's no such thing as retirement in Dem's America - to retire, one must 1st have a job!
How do you square that circle? "Trump's America" has 4.5% unemployment, nearly everyone has a job. So that doesn't make any sense, nice try
Keep in mind Obama in 8 years had the longest stretch of job growth in American history. So don't put this GOP healthcare nonsense on jobs.
Paltry record of job growth that didn't even keep up with population growth! Only President EVER to not achieve 3% GDP growth in any month!
We will NEVER hit 3% growth so long as we have a $20 trillion debt. It limits large scale project funding, job growth and development.
Since last time we hit 3% growth, we added $14 trillion of debt under Bush and Obama. Bush increased debt by giving tax cuts! Can't do it!
dc has become everything are forefathers were trying to escape from these people and their lies are tearing the country apart all for money
Chart wrong. $<75k should show negative as subsidies and Medicaid are cut. The poor will pay more.
I don't know what's in the deal their working on but hopefully it will help all people get insurance at a decent cost.
It's less than 100 pages, read it.
Where do I find it?
Libtards will not like a tax cut.
NO ONE wants a tax cut for just the wealthy 1% of Americans. Especially when it makes our health care system a backwards mess.
The 1% are call employers.
This has been proven false. Tax cuts have not translated to more jobs. Wealthy keep pooling their money and not building economy.
Trillion affects
Let me help with that statement "this is going to be a tax cut...for the rich!"
Damn liar.  So embarrassed that you are our senator.
You'r  kidding yourself  GOP seems to think people are deaf & dumb as in they don't know what going on All the smart ones do
Blatant lie about the effects of GOP tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires, better known as AHCA.
Thanks for admitting it's a tax cut bill not a health care bill. You are reverse Robin Hooding the American people.
America desperately needs tax relief-
It's one of the reasons we elected President Trump & Republicans!
Thank you- let's get it done!
These aren't the tax breaks you're looking for. And historically, when high-end taxes are higher, we do better economically in the middle.
Affordable for YOU, maybe, but not for teachers. Will YOU put YOUR family on this plan? 
Have a conscience VOTE NO.
Do right not Right
Lol! A tax cut that benefits mostly whom senator? And you're right, you'll be screwing the poor.
What about seniors who were promised that they would be taken care of and have no ability to raise their income to cover increased costs??
Go back to work grandma! Stop sucking the government teet!
I worked in a hospital for 30 years saving lives..paying my taxes..ruining my knees. Company & govt lied. Pension taken away..now healthcare
That's a lie @GOP
Holy fuck, I wish we could make them stick their corporate owners' marks on their faces like this. Maybe then more people would wake up.
It astounds me, how you've hitched your wagon to Trump.
John Cornyn is an evil trump sucking monster! He's gonna tow the party line no matter how horrible this HC bill will be for constituents!
Us in TX eyeing @JohnCornyn like ... 
PS- can't wait to vote you out in 2020, John! 
He doesn't act like a guy who is running again. He probably won't. After all, his approval is at 28%. Lmao.
Haha that's ok! An open seat in '20 works in our favor, too. Esp if @Castro4Congress @JoaquinCastrotx runs then. Removes adv of incumbency
He probably plans to run for president.
Or governor.
A tax cut for the wealthy. You are LYING...did you enjoy your special invite w the Koch brothers? Hypocrite
But not the rich, get it?
You are hurting the most vulnerable Texans. Shameful.
Read the bill.the tax cuts are only for the ultra rich!!! Middle and low income people will pay lots more for coverage though!! Quit lying!!
"It’s a repeal of the social contracts that have been estab in Amer health-care policy since Medicaid & Medicare passed in 1965.
.@JohnCornyn making the rich, richer while taking healthcare away from the middle class and poor. #sheriffofnottingham . Where is Robin Hood
But killing those people by cutting Medicaid
#RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #SAD #JOKE #fakecongress #fakesenator #76177 #MakeAmericaLookDumbagain
Yes, John it's more important 2 give relief 2 millionaires who had 2 pay more 2 fund HC than 2 actually help middle & low income ppl get HC
Sure, and spend it on healthcare? Americans are so sick because of diet. Health cost will go even higher! #lowcarb
We want numbers: What is the phone tally for/against? We want town halls. Listen to your constituents not corporate campaign donors.
Its a tax cut for people making 200.000 or more a year.Sorry I not a  Sen getting 6 figure kick backs
Tax cut for rich, screw the middle class and poor. Vote for this and start looking for a new job.
You're handing tax cuts to the wealthy, not to middle or lower class, so please stop lying
Wrong. It's a transfer of wealth from the most desperate to the most privileged ... to folks like you. Shame on you John Cornyn. Shame.
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @RepKevinBrady @POTUS @realDonaldTrump   So Senator, you are going to give that money to the top 1% ?  2018!
You're taking a calculated & designed risk by backing the Senate #trumpcare is #Wealthcare which isn't #Healthcare. #SaveACA #ProtetOurCare
The tax cut is for the ultra rich not for the working people.
If it's such a great bill, why don't you come down to Texas and hold a #townhall so we can discuss, @JohnCornyn?
Tax cut for the rich. Probably a little creepy knowing you sold your soul for the benefit of the rich, rationalizing ain't going to help.
63 followers. Photo shopped banner.
...by killing them off through what we call "passive eugenics."
How much do you make for each disabled person you rip from Medicaid?
Maybe besides idiocy, you lack any other pre-existing conditions. So, NO WORRIES.
Cornyan "I think this a better plan for healthcare". Good, now let's see you give up your tax subsidized health plan for the Repub. one.
Oboman was trying to bring this country down with Saul Alynski  plan to dystroy America as we loved it
You will do anything to defend tax cuts to the wealthy. Crack down on the sleazy insurance and big pharma's. They are causing this nightmare
Horrible
Thanks to @ChrisMurphyCT and @TheDemocrats for providing a true assessment. #StopTrumpcare
What exactly is inside the new Republican health care bill? Let's take a look. 
@JohnCornyn, so sorry you drank the cool aid.  Nobody likes it. Would you want this coverage if you had to have it?  Probably not.  Vote no!
& wshat happened to that ($1 Trillion in taxes) money????
Where did all that ACA tax money go for the people who's taxes were raised due to ACA every year?
It's a tax cut, but not for poor and middle class.
Bullshit.  You backed a trillion dollar war of aggression for oil and now you want the middle class to pay for it.
TX leads the nation in perinatal mortality. You are defunding PP, gutting Medicaid. How many more dead women? I'm TX07

You're right.  Your tax cut DOES affect middle and low income people.  It HURTS THEM.  #Traitor #NoCutsNoCaps #WeAreSickOfYou
Stop lying. It is #sad #SaveMedicaid #SaveTheACA #MedicareForAll
Please explain how care is going to be better when there is less funding and fewer basic healthcare requirements. #NewSenators4Tx
Yeah it affects middle & low income people by pricing them out of Health Insurance.
Instead of working on a Tax Bill - why don't you guys try working on a Healthcare Bill?
Trump promised time & time no cuts to Medicaid, American Hospital Association hates it, Americans hate it - who did U really write AHCA for
John, how do speak so freely as you knowingly screw over your constituents? God help the poor, old, & sick.
That is not what your bill says.  Read it
Impacts- of ACA improved lives of middle and lower income people BHCA tax cut for rich that deprives them of affordable insurance
It's very hard to believe anything  you say.
What are you blabbing about, those taxes have minimal impact on the poor/middle class
Liar lying on liar platform
It would be more honest of the GOP to simply kill the poor and elderly quickly.
Too soon after lunch. I don't want to vomit.
It's going to be a tax cut for the wealthy, and stripping of health care for the not wealth. I am cornyns constituent and I am against it.
Great topic 2 discuss at townhalls across Texas for performance review of Maj Whip.
"we'll continue to discuss it"  what does that mean ? change it ? talk about it, and don't do anything ?  we need this explained
If you feel you must delve into federal health care, at least limit it to catastrophic/major ailments.
omg that's such a lie haha
Like, it is so false...homeboy didn't even read it
Interesting. But a blatant lie. Obamacare taxed the rich (those making >1M), not the poor & mc.  I can't wait to vote this fool out in 2020.
Come hold a FREE town hall in texas and HEAR WHAT WE HAVE TO SAY! #TRUMPcaresucks #RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad
Your cra cra. Show us the facts how it affected middle to low income. Your putting money in your rich donor pockets. #lies #fakesenator
This is Wealthcare, plain and simple. And it will have a devastating effect on jobs as well as Americans health. Shameful!
Just admit it John ... you hate poor people.
The disruption to the healthcare market will likely cause large rate hikes in the group market which had slowed under ACA.
Glad you're admitting that this is a tax cut for the wealthy that will cause the poor to pay more to fund it, John. Thanks for being honest.
For you while 24 million lose coverage! SHAMEFUL @realDonaldTrump



Good of you to admit that it is not a health care bill...just a tax cut.  We already knew that. 90 percent of those tax cuts go to 2 %!

What drugs are you on?
If I'm not getting a cut in taxes, I'm against your plan. By the way, I'm not getting a cut, so I'm against your plan. Do overs...
BULLSHIT John,  don't lie to us your constituents over and over again. we aren't all lemmings like you blindly following dear leader john.
Cutting 800 Billion from Medicaid will harm the poor and middle class. I don't know how you justify this. #MedicaidMatters #MedicareForAll
He is out of touch with the struggles of real Americans. Let them cuts pills in half or go without bc can't afford meds. Get real.
I don't believe you.
Your atrocious Bill rips healthcare coverage from millions of Americans to serve a $600 billion tax cut to the wealthy, you sociopath.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Capitol Police are physically removing protesters who are staging a "die-in" in front of McConnell's office 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
I expect all Republicans to vote for clean repeal Right Now!
I can say my biggest fear for upcoming retirement is affordable healthcare AND affordable insurance.
We need to rethink how we do health care.  We need to focus on cost side of the HC.  Ins costs will drop in response.
Exactly!!!! Ie Tort reform will help. Liability ins is outrageous & passed on to consumers. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr !!!
MISSLEADING lies
A tax cut for the rich while gutting Medicaid and kicking seniors & people with disabilities off health care. Satan is singing your praises
Now this is honesty..transparent.
This is a wealth transfer from the poor & middle class to give a tax cut to the rich who don't need it. Cuts to Medicaid affect kids & old
Yes middle and low income people will suffer financially, especially those 50 plus who buy insurance on independent market.
But if I renamed it the Affordable Care Act I bet it be ok. Fix the ACA (aka Obamacare)
You lie.
I believe you haven't read the Bill, are seriously deluded, or are lying through your teeth to stay in lock-step unity w/ Repub leadership.
Well, he's right that it affects middle & low income people - they will suffer so the rich get the tax cut.
Online thing the left sees is a cut to wealthy, not realizing it also helps lower and middle class
Yes, it affects them by giving them access to health care that they didn't have before. Now the GOP is going to take that away for tax cuts.
We need a bill: open market competing, sell whatever people want buy, create funds: gov & private for preexist condition to minimum cost.
No single payer like all the other grown up countries.
40 years of wage stagnation.

The wealthy class, who won't pay similar wages they benefited from, cut taxes for themselves and deny services
It did before and alway has. You really think that we all are idiots? Your wrong. Most of us want to live peacefully.
Your hate for Obama is big enough for sacrificing your life and your families lives? Oppose this. Call your senator.
Sure... it's gonna SAVE the middle class said no republican ever ... #Trumpcare won't cover that - you are gonna die
low and middle income is the new $200k annual threshold?
framework for #BetterCare would be #MedicareForAll   Stop pitting us against sick, poor, elderly, kids
this bill #bettercare #Trumpcare negatively affects Everyone, except the rich and the insurance companies.
Reducing medical help to save money. Hmmm...  Will you call on your son to pay your $9000/mo nursing home? Forego grand kids college?
people had all these fines and still no insurance and now it is going under
You only had a fine if you didn't get insurance.
Insurance systems only work if everyone gets insured to ensure large enough pool.
#obvious
Every GOP MoC speaking about #AssHatCare is hedging their vote. Ultimately when just 1 vote is needed to pass, the hypocrisy will flow.
Poor John. Looks tired. Guess that defending the indefensible wears you down.
Citizens help business b successful.They owe America something for it.What kind of rich people want more at expense of others?Greedy ghouls
President Trump was wrong, guys! This bill isn't mean!

Here's how:
Planned Parenthood does not provide Healthcare - they chop up living children into little pieces except for organs, which they sell!
That's a lie. 

97% of what Planned Parenthood does is health services:
ObamaCare is helping millions while dropping the uninsured rate to its lowest levels. It's success is what worries you.
What alternative planet are you inhabiting? Obamacare has RUINED people with its exorbitant premiums and lack of doctors, hospitals, etc.
Let's make the middle class eat the poor
You're clearly counting on voters not being able to:
1) Read
2) Comprehend
If this is a tax measure surely it's unconstitutional? As per the arguments made in the first SCOTUS challenge on the ACA.
I have worked all of my life to be able to enjoy retirement, but Obama and company have screwed the working people. I demand that's fixed.
Elections have consequences remember that Bob Corker and Lamar Alexander and Phil Roe. This is a unfair burden that we the people don't need
Like I said, I have WORKED ALL of my life to be able to get to this point. You all are trying to make sure that we can't enjoy retirement.
I am thru venting for today, More to come for sure. Thanks and God bless all of you and God bless the USA from upper East Tennessee no less.
By "middle and low income" he means "not middle and low income."
I ask respectfully. What has the democrats done for the middle class?
GOP Health Bill is an attack on middle America. A monstrosity worse than Obamacare. Look up the definition of repeal.
I don't know, my deductible is unaffordable.
Sir you have changed!!!! And frankly not for the better.
John Cornyn says CBO is fake
Of course. If it's not in their favor it's fake. Until it's in their favor and then all of a sudden it's true! Funny how that works.
He raised the most wealthy taxes and they hated it now comrade trump is raising the middle class and low income workers
Holly shitttt
Better Care? For WHOM? The ALREADY RICH never HAD to worry, they get the $$, so WHOSE CARE IMPROVES? Stop Lying! NOBODY IS FALLING FOR IT!
don't worry we have 1 trillon of trillons @miFBIHouston
I am tired of the 135.00 that my wife and I are paying for our Medicare. I am also tired of the 150.00 ea for our supplemental insurance.
You'll be paying more with this new plan. Only an idiot would want this.
So who's going to absorb the cost of increased ER visits that go unpaid?
If U wonder why (R)s wrote this bill. Look at the amount of $ the ins. ind paid to McConnell & Hatch and the other ones. Who wrote this bill
It's a tax cut by default since it's considered a tax.
the pt is that it will cost more. Label it as you will, but the #'s don't lie.
this man couldn't be more full of shit if his name was Trump
LIAR. @JohnCornyn is a Texas Redneck Republican who should not be in a leadership role if he is so out of touch with those who elected him.
Another way obama subsidized his unpopular agenda at the expense of the taxpayer
Our health loan is the best in the world with 0% interest rate
23 million uninsured within the next decade and Trumpsters are naive enough to believe they won't be affected. A rude awakening is coming.
Considering most of the uninsured are individuals CHOSING to opt out then you might want to rethink that point.
Obama care did nothing but hurt the middle class especially the ones right above the poverty line. They were hit hardest.
Straight lies
good thing you said straight lies there for a minute I was believing the man who read the bill. silly me lol you don't know shit
Don't hear anybody comparing the bill being readied with actual free market principles. Have Republicans given up on the free market?
cut taxes for middle & lower class Americans, Once economy is going,everyone's going to be happy. Even critics
low income individ in the US don't pay taxes. So if you're on Medicaid, you don't pay taxes so no tax cut for you and u get thrown off ins.
Texas is ashamed of you
Screw health. We all die. I want the damn tax cut so I can buy more stuff and enjoy it before I die.
President Obama should have stuck with #SinglePayer only!!!
