Three years ago Cornyn said Dems seeking to overturn Citizens United would "repeal the First Amendment." Now he wants journalists arrested.
Hypocrisy is alive and well with Corny...oh, did i spell his name wrong??
Hypocrisy is the name of this ENTIRE administration!!! The saddest part is they dont even recognize it staring them right in the face
They have to have nothing but contempt for their voters to treat them like they're too stupid to see what hypocrites they are. It's pathetic
Isnt it sad? But at what point do these people wake up and realize he's a fraud?

John Cornyn: it is more important to protect the Trump administration from embarrassment than to let journalists inform us.
You do know that you're not the bosses of us, right? We're your bosses, and we want proper performance evaluations.
You'd give guns to madmen and terrorists in name of 2A, but you want to throw journalists under the bus. Protect the 1A.
The Pentagon Papers established that the press is not responsible for protecting secrets.
The leakers are in the White House. My money is on Pence.  P.S. Time for you to retire. You have been in DC too long. You're the problem
Yes
Should senators be creating false narratives to cover up for the President? You're a bafoon
Now you're being ridiculous. The press is our eyes and ears to our gov't. Make sure press is protected as provided by our Constitution.
QUESTION: Should #Sinclair broadcast group be able to force GOP's extreme conservative views on people without them even knowing it?
 Y/N
NO
Leave the press alone. These are bad people in the white house.
For a lawyer, this question is excruciatingly embarrassing in light of the First Amendment.

Or do you think we're this stupid?
FREEDOM OF PRESS!
Should a senator understand the constitution? Yes or No? #FreedomOfThePress #FreedomOfSpeech
#TheFreePress #WeThePeople
the same question can & should be asked of Congressional Reps/Senators
Anything that Sessions touches is going to hurt a lot of people. He is going down when Trump goes.
Texan for First Amendment right here
MIGHT?
He needs to do it. I think he is part of the establishment. Been there in D C  too long not to be a swamp dweller
Come out with a public statement supporting President Trump on North Korea. Strand with our President!!!
Remember the Senate Intelligence Committee gig?  Does Kushner still have his security clearance? Hm..anything else you could be doing today?

The only reason I wish I still lived in Texas is to vote you out when you are up for reelection.

Chilling question.

Here's the law that applies to all citizens:  "Congress shall make no law ... abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press..."
Freedom of Speech. It's so important they made it the FIRST article in the Bill of Rights.
Yes. They tell us the truth you won't. It's the only thing that keeps us free. Should elected officials not be corrupt liars? Yes, or no?

Should John Cornyn grow a pair, execute on parts of Constitution he dislikes, and put country before party - Yes or No?
The law spells out certain protections to journalists to ensure a Free Press, and ,yes, those laws should remain in place.
Yes
Should the President and his family be exempt from laws that apply to all citizens?  Yes or no?
Unequivocally Nooooooooo
Are your proposing narrowing 1st Amendment freedom of the press protections?
Will they also be jailed without a trial?  Cause if gonna go Banana Republic-y might as well really go for it. @maggieNYT @GlennThrush
This is rich coming from someone in a body that frequently exams itself from laws it seeks to hold the rest of us to.
Should all citizens be exempt from laws that apply to all journalists, bloggers and pundits? Yes or no?
First amendment, dude. Read the US Constitution. But you're a political hack. For you it's corruption over country.
Should traitorous perjurers be Attorney General of the United States?
I'm glad you're supporting the rise of fascism, makes it easier to vote you out
I dunno, John. Should Congress be exempt from laws enacted that apply to all citizens? Such as healthcare laws?
I can't decide if you're stupid or insincere, and which one would be worse in a Senator.
Should we follow the First Amendment or ignore it? The world may never know.
If you really want to abolish the First Amendment we get the Second Amendment. Deal?

Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press. https://twitter.com/johncornyn/status/893818965100834817 …
Freedom of press, like the freedom of speech, has limits. Criminal conduct is criminal conduct and should be treated as such.
Freedom of press, just as freedom of speech, has limits and illegal conduct must be prosecuted no matter who it is.
Intellectually dishonest question.
Look it up, dipshit.

Should Congress and the White House be exempt from such laws , Senator?
Yes
First amendment.
It's something that a high ranking Congressman shouldn't lie about for a political point.
But high ranking Congressmen lying about things to score political points has been the entire GOP strategy since 2000.
Yeah, but now we're veering into full on shades of Hitler, and I didn't think they would sink that far

Fact check: you can't subpoena all citizens over anything. Attorney client privilege exists, etc. some places recognize reporters privilege
What about catholic priests?
George Washington would punch you square in the face for even suggesting it
#1A does not give press freedom to slander others, commit treason and endanger American and soldiers lives publishing classified documents.
What is wrong with you?
You are NOT an American!
Read the goddam Constitution and Bill of Rights, Johnny. JOHN CORNYN=SHAMELESS LIAR
The answer is in the first Amendment to the US Constitution. Jefferson is particularly well-documented on the need for a free press.  Read
Why are you asking this question, if not too chill the media's willingness to report of criminal element occupying the White House? Traitor?
How dare you even suggest curtailing the right of the people to have a free press.
Unless they absolutely libel, which must be proven in court, the press must be able to have the freedom to report.
Read it.
Memorize it.
Now, sit down and shut up.
My God, we need 2 vote you out to save democracy! You preach about overburdening government control yet here you are Hypocrite! Shame! Shame
Looks like we are indeed moving into an authoritative state. Just like the likes of North Korea and Russia. Heil Trump!
Don't repeal the 2nd amendment, get rid of the freedom of press for exposing inconvenient truths.
If current administration can't use current law to stop classified data leaks (the way #44's admin did), it's weak & incompetent.  IOW, NO.
Sir, precisely what law[s] are you intending to imply is being violated by them?
Dumb question. What are you drinking?
Freedom of speech. First amendment. Do not go there senator. Our patience with the GOP trying to change our democracy over. We will fight.
I view any attempt to silence journalists and bloggers as a step towards totalitarianism, which I will fight against vigorously.
Nazis.
Have you stopped beating your wife, Mr. Cornyn?
Yes or no.
Yes
I can't support you anymore. Please stop trying to turn this country into a hell-hole. You know your politics are entirely off base on this.
You value party over country, and I will be happy to vote you out. So disappointed in you.
We need a strong. Independent press.
Neither should government officials running for office. They should be subject to civil suits for demonstrably false advertisements
Should politicians be exempt from laws that apply to all citizens? Ask your President.
When they're convicted of violating law @JohnCornyn, give me a ring.
Asked the man who couldn't legislate a background check into law because he's scared of the NRA.
Yes
Which laws have been broken?
Should Congress be exempt from the ACA or have same options as all citizens?
You are a liar misrepresenting the question.
Real question is:
Should we have a free press? Yes, both sensible & it's in the 1st Amendment.
It's not against the law to accept information that's not classified. Disturbing that a US Senator doesn't know this.
Also, where was outrage when leaks were against Hillary?
Could this be the reason you're so concerned about leaks? How much have YOU taken from Russian oligarchs?
Um, see, the press is afforded its very own rights by the First Amendment, so absent a g-d const'l convention, YES. OMFG.  #ReadTheUSC
The First Amendment applies to all citizens, specifically protects the freedom of the press -the media. Maybe you should try reading it.
They are specifically protected in the 1st amendment. Court rulings also show they can't be prosecuted for publishing "leaks".
If journalists can't protect their sources, you enter dictatorship territory really fast. This is DANGEROUS!!
Democracy fails when Parliamentarians lack the courage to hold governments to account. Shame on this feckless #GOP controlled Congress
You realize means your conservative & Breitbart buddies too. My TX Sen, r u so iron clad you don't  need to worry about elections ?SAD
In some cases yes.
The 1st amendment grants special protections to the press, no? Which came first, the 1st amendment or the 2nd amendment?
Yes, they should. A free press is a cornerstone of our democracy & our soldiers have died to protect this freedom. WH should control its own
No one is above the law. It's in the Constitution. Just like the First Amendment. You'll find it due north of your beloved 2A. Read!
You're a punk.
Should those in Congress go to prison for foisting healthcare fraud on their constituents? Outright lying in order to do harm, pathetic.
You should resign.
You've given us a false choice here.  It's very misleading.  In any event, I'll write whatever I want. That's not against the law.
Who do you work for? You work for us! We like the first amendment and a free press! Now go back in your hole
NO but the need some improvement/lecture in so part, pls i need a job
Can hack politicians continue to get elected in a state rapidly turning blue? Good luck with that.
Should you reread the First Amendment Rights..yes or no?
John, you never did understand First Amendment law, did you?
If the intent is simply political harm, or if it endangers our national security, the leaker should be held accountable.
If the intent is to protect our Democracy by acting as whistleblower, exposing major government malfeasance, we should consider it a service
I would say, as with many laws, one's intention should factor in to any legal repercussions.
Contrarily, people who leak classified information, even with the purist intentions, are liable for their actions and should consider b4.
It is a journalist's responsibility to report the truth. If they are following journalistic standards, they must be protected. #fourthbranch
While I like the intention of your question, the same should be asked about our elected representatives, as well as candidates (Clintons).
what law says you can subpoena a reporter and force them to reveal a source? A violation of the First Amendment!
Yes. Stop being coy. Because  you very well know this is settled, constitutional law.
When people hear blatant lies and corrupt behavior and report it I call them patriots John...u should respect that!
We're not receiving classified information.If they don't want to be embarrassed by reports, stop acting stupidly
Only reason they're concerned about leaks is because of their own nefarious embarrassing behavior.
The most useless Senator in congress. Has accomplished nothing but obstruction.
The First Amendment applies to all of us.  Leaking can be illegal. Publishing the result is not.
1st Amendment. We want to know what nefarious deeds the president and our representatives are up to.
And the will plead the fifth as they have done for decades..
One of my personal favorite @realDonaldTrump lies
@realDonaldTrump is a liar
Well shucks Beauregard
Lies of omission
@realDonaldTrump hall of famers
Should Congress accept the existence of "rights" and stop shitting on the US Constitution?  First amendment means what it says, dipwad.
Well somebodies lying
But sometimes @@realDonaldTrump does tell the truth
@realDonaldTrump uses visual aids to tell lies



And don't forget so called "trump University"
@realDonaldTrump is a liar
no called freedom of speech. So glad you're not going to be running again
Too broad a question. Journalists have Constitutional rights and responsibilities. Democracy requires robust access to information.

@realDonaldTrump is a liar
@realDonaldTrump is a liar
You are kidding right? You do remember first amendment?  My God and you represent the state I live in.
@realDonaldTrump is a liar
Should @realDonaldTrump be allowed to lie to the American people?
John, you really are a weasel.
Of course the 1st Amendment should apply to all citizens, including journalists and their sources.
Some ppl say acceptable speech is that which they approve of.
They think they can define what is socially correct & acceptable... and moral
The fact that @GOP is focused leaks is a disgrace. Try improving things maybe?You're the worst and I can't wait to vote for your opponent -
So because you want to control the flow of information does not mean you should punish journalists.  You work for us Senator!
the real question is do people who have taken an oath our constitution a rt 2 defend our country against enemies foreign & domestic by press
Freedom of press enshrined n Constitution.So important, it's n the 1st Amendment.As u won't uphold (as u swore 2 do) press might save us all
No
Watergate leaks and the Pentagon Pspers are why we trust journalists more then government-- esp those who have been in office for years
Bigger question: why are you still defending this corrupt and incompetent administration that seeks to take away const. rights?
If only you cared as much about the first amendment as you do the second
trump fever wipes out your memory. Thanks for NOT returning my multiple phone calls to your office. I'm a constituent and a FORMER GOP.
Do you want to punish those who bring truth to light? Do you want to destroy the 1st Amend.?  If you answer "yes", you want a fascist state

Should a President be able to encourage sexual ASSAULT
Law includes case law which provides significant  protection to journalists & whistleblowers. @gop needs to get head out of derrière
No one is above the law. Sessions job is to prosecute all law breakers. Including journalists and Hillary Clinton.
I'm a huge fan of AskDearTabby - but i have to disagree with you ..Cornyn is NOT better than this.  He's a shameless trump-tool
https://www.google.com/search?q=Nobody+Speak:+Trials+of+the+Free+Press&prmd=vni&source=lnms&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjF0IuFvMHVAhVK5CYKHceIA0EQ_AUIESgA&biw=320&bih=454&dpr=1.5#mie=e,overview,Nobody%20Speak:%20Trials%20of%20the%20Free%20Press,H4sIAAAAAAAAAONgVuLVT9c3NEyrsMgyLzFJe8SYzi3w8sc9Yam4SWtOXmOM4OIKzsgvd80rySypFPLiYoOyVLgEpVB1ajBI8XOhCklJCUlwCeon5-fkpCaXZObn6adl5uQWizIwNNjzAAAyv5c7ewAAAA … How wealthy/powerful try to silence speaking "Truth to Power" endangers our Democracy
I know your forte is misreading the 2nd amendment. Try not misreading the 1st amendment too!
Emphasize the proper way to "blow the whistle" as you round up and jail journalists. Easy as that.
Nope, anyone releasing classified info should be prosecuted.
First Amendment is all that stands between US (the people)  and fascism.  I stand by the First Amendment and journalists.  #FirstAmendment
No!
Hell no!!!
I think this may come in handy: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_Amendment_to_the_United_States_Constitution …
It's called the 1st amendment for a reason John. Don't try and change the narrative.
It is of utmost importance to protect 1st Amendment rights.

Also, you are a senile old fart.
He said yes when President OBAMA was in office. How much Russia $ did he take? As much as Mitch? @washingtonpost
Free press.1st amendment is not up for debate. You're a senator; you either don't know the constitution or you are trying to undermine it.
As long as you are willing to compromise on the 2nd Amendment.
Freedom of the press is one of the cornerstones of our democracy.
Being a journalist is NOT a license to disclose classified information and contents of phone calls between heads of state.  Prosecute them
Ridiculous. Your job to defend us from exec power abuse. Free press protected by constitution #FreePress
Something to hide?
So, Senator, any thoughts on the responses thus far?
Mr Cornyn, this should apply to FOX not news and the terrible lies they spread in Reoublican propaganda .
Be very careful John.  Two PACs associated directly to you are linked to Russian oligarchs.  You don't want that evidence leaked do you?
Are you saying the first amendment needs to be removed?
Should police officers be exempt from laws that apply to all of us?  Should bureaucrats be exempt from laws that apply to all of us?
Should politicians be exempt from laws that apply to all of us?  Should the military be exempt from laws that apply to all of us?
Should our intelligence services be exempt from laws that apply to all of us?
Maybe when laws are actually being upheld and the constitution is actually being followed you'll get the answer you seek.
Until everyone else is following the law, I see no justification to punish those who report that the law is not being followed.
