Oh BTW @JohnCornyn said that a health care vote would happen "next month." AFTER the July 4th recess
It's always later, is it not?
And it will be a #repeal? With NO PP funding? And NO extended maternity leave funding? Or O-care with a bandaid? #UnitedForFreedom
Town hall in fort worth during recess or ignore the people of texas? #RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad #JOKE
You will no doubt vote with the liberals and try to push through socialized medicine/ AHCA. If you vote yes on it, I vote no in the election
I will vote with conservatives. Period. Trumpcare is socialism and stands to raise premiums 20%. You better do your homework.
And yet the bill is still being hidden from the public. Are you guys so ashamed of your work that it has to be done in secret??
Will it be scored by the COB before the vote?  When will the voters see it?
Never. The Dems and Ind senators haven't even seen it. GOP drafting in secret. 100% corrupt.
Here's the side-by-side of the debate process for the ACA & for #Trumpcare. Notice the difference? 
Which is more important to you: trying to erase Obama's legacy, or serving your constituents?  FIX the ACA.  Repealing it will kill people.
Move fast when u ram thru w/no hearings or opportunity for all mbrs of body to have input. U are seriously corrupt.
Here's the side-by-side of the debate process for the ACA & for #Trumpcare. Notice the difference? 
Glad to see you're excited about throwing 24 million off of healthcare insurance AND raising rates for elderly and sick. You're a disgrace.
#FULLREPEAL #DefundPP Government has no Constitutional Authority to legislate healthcare.
Where is the CBO score? How many millions will lose coverage? 20 million? 30 million? How many will lose access to medical care bc of @gop??
Why are you working on a bill behind closed doors and trying to push it through without public input? Something to hide?
Not just w/out public...w/out the 48 D&I members...
This senator ripped Republicans for trying to rush their health care bill without a hearing 
My husband and I both have pre-existing conditions. It's not a matter of CAN we buy ins, it's IF we can afford it. We are paying attention.
Can't wait to screw people over?
How many million will be dropped from insurance this time? TX already has the worst rate of uninsured in the nation. Do you care?
How many Texans are you going to vote to throw off healthcare, or will have no access to insurance when you vote? How do you sleep at night?
Be a man and release your Senate Healthcare Bill, stop hiding behind that tyrant MM
Oh, BTW - Why is the senate slithering around with the healthcare bill behind closed doors? This affects more than the 35% bottom feeders.
You had better hope Obamacare taxes and mandates get repealed or the midterms will be ugly.  Nobody wants Obamacare just the media

@JohnCornyn @SenSchumer It would be great if you stop putting party first and pass a good bipartisan bill like Wyden-Bennett. CC: @RonWyden
Not gonna happen, Cronyn, @senorrinhatch = swamp.
This senator ripped Republicans for trying to rush their health care bill without a hearing 
maybe  @JohnCornyn will start to represent texans and have public transparency in healthcare, not backdoor, dirty, UnAmerican politics.
could always fall back on the #GOP line that y'all are "new to this"
Will the people get a look at it before repubs. push it through?
Will you need to change the rules to get it passed? How much Will it hurt and cost middle and lower income people? Single income families?
Young adults over 25? Women?
PLEASE DO NOT VOTE FOR THIS HORRIBLE AHCA BILL OR ONE LIKE IT.  You will devastate millions of ppl who will lose health insurance.
nothing any GOP does has legitimacy while #RussiaGate remains unresolved.@txlege @TXDemWomen
John, please split hairs over which day in July you plan to consign my sister & other patients @MDAndersonNews to an early death.
You do unbend your noble strength, to think so brainsickly of things-Shakespeare
Still foisting a miserable excuse for a health care bill? It's a metaphor for ur president: gut the poor, give more to the rich. #RESIST
Do you plan to actually read this bill? Do you plan to wait for a CBO score? Do you plan to address the 23 million fewer covered under AHCA?
Sometimes I like to pretend that you're a decent man who is willing to engage his constituents.
And this is quite the health care ad: 
When are the hearings? The town halls?
It doesn't matter what you say. You have already shown yourself to be a Putin/Trump bit*h.
And that is BS! AHCA is no where near what we need!
And yet none of our republican leaders will actually hold a Townhall
this couldn't be more perfect. The R party thought Trump would provide cover for all its nasty policies. #adiosGOP
Cannot wait to vote you out in '20. Typical hypocritical politician that you are.
Please explain to your constituents why repealing and /or sabbotaging the ACA is in OUR best interest.  Serious question.  Town hall please!
When are public hearings?? The Senate cannot do something this impactful without public hearings!
Are you an expert on healthcare or just what lines your pockets?
You claim no other solutions to fix #ACA but refuse to listen. I challenge you to have a real debate or discussion RE: HC w/those opposed.
Will you come to my funeral?
@LACaldwellDC oh by the way she's retarded
the 1 precent party .Only the 1 precent matter
And will you do back room will you cont to leave 23 mil without?
Still haven't found your integrity
And when will see this #Trumpcare plan? Are you still screwing us baby boomers by making us pay 5 times more than everyone else?
@LACaldwellDC are you going to insist on public hearings & allow amendments that could make it better? Not radical ? #Trumpcare
How long will your constituents have to review bill and provide feedback to you before you vote?
While you're answering constituents, any chance that we can see what you've been working on? Pretty please?
And if it is as idiotic as the House version, I think not. We want to know what it is before you take a vote on it. DON'T HIDE IT AWAY.

He's a #liar Not to be trusted #traitor #CoinOperated
Doesn't McConnel say by July 4th?
@LACaldwellDC Yeah. The worlds falling apart and you speak of adding fuel to the fire by pushing horrific GOP healthcare plan.
GOP blood lust is def up...375,000 homes lost, back for more w/Choice & ready to kill millions w/no insurance.  Hitler & Stalin both proud
Why do you want to kill so many people & bankrupt millions more?
If only you guys had the sack to just bring out universal healthcare.
Gonna celebrate our independence by kicking 14 million off insurance rather than 24 million.  #SoGenerous #shame
.@JohnCornyn When can your consitutents see the plan?
@LACaldwellDC hope we don't lose our coverage because of astronomical premiums @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
So you will answer a tweet from a reporter but not your constituents? Smooth move exlax. We better see bill before you vote and not day B4.
Based on your ancient history questions at the Senate hearing today, I'm worried this new bill will be based on humors and bloodletting.
#showusthebill
Anyone who supports the dangerous, treasonous administration of D Trump deserves to be voted out of office at the earliest opportunity.
Best way to lower healthcare costs is lifestyle! Force new diet guidelines with bill. #lowcarb Tax starch & sugar in food, fund tax cuts.
Hope it's #MedicareForAll, national insurance marketplace, ban on price discrimination, eliminates #Medicaid !
Are you going to do what is best for the average American??????
Will the public see the bill before the senate votes on it?  ACA was online for 3 months before it was voted on. #ShowUsTheBill

Bring it!
Let's please have a town hall meeting in Austin about the health care vote. And anything else you'd like to discuss!
Will there be a CBO score? Will we get to read it first? Will it still screw over poor, sick & elderly in return for a tax cut for the rich?
To get the bill to pass with just 51, must meet certain guidelines under reconciliation. I understand that to include a CBO score.
A real representative of the people, a true senator, would explain this to inquiring constituent. I took my shot because Texas doesn't have.
And with luck AHCA will fail!
Yeah, would hate for you to commit to a firm date for when you sentence poor people to death.
....townhall??
Will we get to read this bill before y'all start voting? It will be shameful if we don't.
Why do you hate the poor and elderly?
And women. Pregnancy is a pre-existing condition? GOP has got to be kidding.
