enduring hell?Just know Federal law so parents of special needs kids feel counted too
that's just wrong and you know it, if she understood education in all forms there wouldn't have been an outcry
well we were talking about being qualified for a job, she isn't, that's a fact, I get it, you don't like Democrats.
I never said I was in Hell, I responded to DeVos enduring Hell,your quote,from what I saw she had a job interview.
Retire.
Did you read the part where the teachers' unions donated $33M to Dems; dwarfs her contributions.
You mean where they tried to save Americans from Satan Devos brainwashing them again?
No, I meant the part where the teacher's unions used $33M to buy politicians. U have any facts, or just venom?
If that is how the system works how else are they supposed to save Americans? Think carefully now.
No competition would have us driving crap cars. Think what package delivery would be like w/only USPS and no FedEx or UPS.
Charters operate under different rules of accountability and mandates. Cant compare apples and oranges?
Just compare results; isn't that what we are all interested in?
... and using my tax dollars to teach #creationism (not #science) in how many days?  Pls keep your god in your church.
Darwin's theory is just that, a theory. None of it is provable scientific fact, a.k.a scientific law. Gravity is scientific law.
so teach it all as theory then= creationism as theory - a kind of childish fantastical theory but theory
It is all theory since no one observed any of the beginnings.  None can be recreated in labs nor fields.
so creationism is just a made up explanation - we agree
So is evolution.  So is big bang.  Both are theories.  So is creationism.
but creationism with big daddy god in the sky is kind of the least convincing -
More evidence of it than big bang.  Anyway I'm going to sleep. Good night.
Lead? If they are not corrupt how can you really do anything for anyone?
These people of done a terrible job work only for the teachers truancy rates are unbelievable
In B&W this looks like a Nazi group.
Do they know you know nothing about American History
That’s a meeting? People in rows, blackboard up front, it looks like a 1940s classroom.
And how many of them in the room thought you weren't qualified to be there???
you're no leader, you bought your post using ur family's $ which u didn't even earn #stoptheignorance
Did you tell them how God created dinosaurs?
God did create dinosaurs. Didn't you know that before?
Yeah, it's in the Bible. Duh. The dinosaurs ruled the earth in the beginning. And ate all the apples. Except one.
Stop this evil....
Yea, lead them right off of a cliff. You need to resign, Lady. You are unfit to lead the nation's education system!
A true leader doesn't remind people they are the leader.  They just lead.
really? They're horrified
Thank U Betsy DeVos 4being willing 2stand up N the GAP of Education 2make it better. Appreciate ur talents, work ethic & commitment 2POTUS!
I don't know where you were during the 1950's and '60's, I was at an ALL black School and NOT BY CHOICE BUT BY RACIST!
and very happy to SCREW PUBLIC SCHOOLS
NO vouchers! You are useless to the masses if you do not consider all children. Also, keep the free lunches.
Bears are very, very dangerous. Believe me. Very bad and very big. BIGLY bears.
Not to be rude, @BetsyDeVos, but what in the actual hell is this?
The person who came up with Common Core.

Oklahoma schools go on four-day weeks so teachers can make rent by working at Walmart on Mondays https://boingboing.net/2018/02/07/this-is-not-ok.html …
You are a pariah to the American education system.
You are correct a lot of schools are just babysitters if the kid show up
The Dept. of Education should be dissolved. Has done more harm than good.
Too bad you bought your position
Not too many smiles in that crowd Bets!  Paid audience or threatened with their jobs?? #NeverMyEdSecretary
Dept of Ed needs to be pared down. Many Obama holdovers who will resist. Get rid of them.
Whatever you plan to do; do these 2 things. Kill Common Core & prove the Libs wrong about your lack of qualifications.
you probably don't even know what common core is.
I've looked it over its a great way to teach math and other correct subjects
it teaches you how to understand and do math, not just memorize it
Admit it, you're only here to DISMANTLE the Department of Education, not LEAD it. #justresign #NeverDevos #CruellaDeVos
That's fine. Has education improved since the Dept was created? No, it's gotten worse.  @BetsyDeVos @usedgov
Worse due to billionaires buying legislation cutting teacher pay, federal public school funding, food programs. They own politicians.
Did you slip them money for the photo opp?

Lead...You couldn't lead a blind person across the street. Please step down and let a real educator lead this group. Go away.
OK BETSY WE GET THE POINT @BetsyDeVos @usedgov
they look disgusted
the kids need better history books with no alternative facts.
they need real history books that tell it like it was. Democrats changed the facts and all their abuses et
That funny last time I check Republican wants to whitewash history books.
I'm not a Republican... Dick
Sorry but that comment wasn't meant for If was the other fool.
I sincerely apologise. I never leave negative replies or argue on social media. Sorry
Proud to have your dedication to kids/parents in K-12 serving our country.
I have yet to find anyone who agrees with this statement.
Your search is over...:).
Please stop supporting a loser. Get someone with a PhD and 30 years of teaching and admin exp in both ghe public and private school systems.
Well, I'm not proud of You or Your Staff. What idiots on your staff allowed BS and LIES to come out of your mouth.
DO US ALL A FAVOR, RESIGN.
@presbo @usedgov Hire more deplorables!
@presbo @usedgov Must return Education, back to the 50 individual States! Education, should be, close to home. PTA's!
Betsy
Fire them all. Return education to the states.
Why do you need a staff to destroy the public school system? Surely you are evil enough to do it yourself.
They look like they are inmates in a prison.
the grande dame ...mingling with her peasant underlings....they bathed for you, Betsy, wasn't that sweet of them?
great woman
Totally unqualified, no education, no experience. Read the Constitution the law of the land
they're not proud to be led by you
you and the word leader NEVER belong in the same sentence. You have no clue how to be a leader.. you follow the $$$
as they all laugh at your idiocy
don't get too comfortable you won't be there long
Haha! They look thrilled.
Be very careful Betsy, most of them are liberals and have a different agenda than you do.
#Devosistbildung?  - TURN OFF YOUR PHONES!!!!
Hopefully your first & last! You're a follower not a leader! Remember that!!
are they proud of you?
I mean let's be honest... Are you really leading anyone?
Did you explain why charter schools are a colossal failure? Did you speak about how vouchers only benefit the rich? @usedgov
That's a lot of people that will pick up the pieces after you fail.
Please tell me they booed you off the stage like you deserve.
they much REALLY love you LOL  #sike...
We are a Charter school family and are soo excited to see what you do for education. We adore our school! #Imwithbetsy
so proud to fuck up americas public school system. Let's go!!! 
@BPPope @usedgov thanks for all you are attempting to accomplish! Prayers for safety and success among the intolerants!
All disgustingly unqualified for the job. What a show we're getting! This country is better than these no-goods.
"used" is right - they know how to do it even though you don't and should be ashamed.
How wiil you help when you say that Trump's 40% approval rating means that half the country support him?
this is such fake news. How much did it cost to pay for a crowd like this? Because no truly supports you.
Trust that behind ur back ur the brunt of jokes and the Bain of real educators' existence. #SecOfEdPaid4ByDevos
this is Americas hope for the future. stop the liberal indoctrination in public schools. our only hope
And they look scared shitless
Let's #MAGA & get these kids educated!
Lead them to what, ruin? You are unqualified and it is a travesty that 45 did not withdraw your nomination. Joke!
How can you lead as a representative of unethical immoral trump
Do you not realize that 90% of the people are thinking "what a fucking joke" when you're babbling up there?
@KathrynKemm @usedgov : Hang in there Betsy. Ignore the haters and make our education great again!
You're welcome!
proud? How can you be proud to be so unqualified? You should be ashamed.
@JohnCornyn @usedgov ...Over the cliff?
Shame on you for buying one of the most important jobs on earth.
No offense to McDonalds of course, just saying.
They look thrilled to have a boss who could work at McDonalds instead of directing a fine group of professionals.
Feeding shit sandwiches to your captured audience!  Feel proud, no 1 wants you in their schools & we surely do not want
how many of these great people actually cried in horror when you walked on the stage?
Doesn't require any smarts, just money to  buy your way in. You are nothing but trump trash
,Mrs Devos why not start making laws stricter on bullies that target special needs children!!
betting they're not nearly as proud to have to follow you.  We can only feel bad for them.
you are a joke. Resign and go back to Michigan.  Noone respects you. Everyone knows you bought that position....
They look terrified and shell shocked. 
Get real. They loathe you and your lies. #RESIST
proud you can buy this job with money your inlaws grifted from undereducated rubes #theconfidenceman
Look at your audience as they are vastly more qualified than you.
maybe your "awesome" group can learn how to spell #gobacktoschool
Lead? Are you sure you know what to do? Hope you googled, Secretary of Education  before you walked in there.
none of them want to be there and not a smile in the room.
Hang in there Guys! And make sure all the School Supply's are from @AmwayUS  @nytimes @washingtonpost
You're not lading anyone, cupcake.
MANY of those people are Marxist Feminist drones... they will continue to work against America... too them.
You may be proud. But based on your TOTAL lack of experience, I'm sure they feel anything but proud.
Gross.
@qubrat1s @usedgov people glad to have you too Ms. Devos Please make trip 2Illinois Democrats have destroyed our schools here
one  you paid off
Proud to have you support our children's education..they're our most valuable resource 
FIRE THEM ALL !# Start all over!
Hoping staff stays strong and do the right thing. #resist
What the hell do all those people DO??
how many of these people are going to do your job because you don't know shit about education?
get rid of half of them and reinterview them all or bring in loyalist. Vouchers
we're screwed.
They could give two flying f&$$s about you and your unqualifications. #illegitimate
which 1 of these staff members removed the IDEA info from the DOE site? Or, was it you? Don't forget..it's the law!
I have a PhD in Special Education. I know IDEA. You need me as one of your advisors. I have 33 years of experience.

Hopefully, that "awesome group" can find a locker into which to stuff you.
they look sad.
Blind leading the annoyed
likes lemming if they follow you.
hope they have pencils
When are you leaving?
They despise you and know you bought your way to that altar, I mean podium.
Did you begin with your qualifications?
I'm positive they were all throwing up in their mouths having to see you and listen to your evil words #christofascist
You are not a leader and no amount of money can change that, I heard that room was full of rolling eyes
I'm sure they all can't believe you are the boss
Go privatize your the ants in your backyard and get out of office.  We don't want you in our Houses.
Yes, Ma'am. Now scrap it and return education to the states.  We can do a lot with $68 BILLION a year.
@STOPTHiS @usedgov 

...into Extinction
#fraud. Maybe if you'd has a public school education you'd get it.
They are awesome. They deserve a leader with experience.
They all look so glad to be there, led by the incompetent!
what about restoring http://idea.ed.gov  instead of redirecting to legalese page? http://bit.ly/2lC4EEn 
@NDSS @ndssbuddywalk @LanceShepherd3 @autismspeaks @The_CDA @POTUS
#americanshame #BOUGHTYOURJOB
Everyone in that room knows that you are the most unqualified Sec. of Ed ever. Deep down you @BetsyDeVos know it too.
Do you see that they are all laughing at you and rolling their eyes? 
#convertthis!
aren't these the people who won't have jobs when Trump closes Dep. of Ed.
sad day for #qualified #EDUcators #BA #BS in #education #MA #M #MS in #education #EdS #DoctorofEducation 
@IrcinkSuzanne @usedgov I taught for 20 years please fix the schools they're a wreck
@VeteransTake @usedgov 
Thin.The.Herd.
@VeteransTake @usedgov can we eliminate Common Core now?
understand something: you're no leader.
AWESOME? Are you kidding me? Know any other big words?
proud to lead them to their demise. Did you know your own party jokes about getting rid of you?
Did they explain to you what a “public school” is?
#GoGet'emBetsy
Way to go Betsy De Vos you rock.
Betsy De Vos will do a outstanding job, I have faith in her.
I'm sure they are wishing that literally any other person was standing in front of them. Except for Trump.
you are like the Titanic captain.
Oh cool! Looks like a room full of people whose hard work and dedication are now completely meaningless. #Unqualified
they seem so happy to see you, too!
you lead nothing. You bought your way there and no one respects you. Not even the people with whose vote you bought.
They're itching to get to work submitting resumes to http://monster.com .
you're taking an opportunity away from someone who is actually qualified to lead
LEAD? Who the hell is going to be stupid to follow? NOT teacher!
Nope. Nazi.
a leader you are not.
Wow they all look thrilled.
i doubt they feel the same.
i might like DeVos if she gave some of her billions to our schools instead of using it to pay for her cabinet job.
They look THRILLED!   Mr/Ms Intern that runs this feed for Bets.  PLEASE advise her on the negative comments!  TellHer
What a FAKE!! She's talked about dissolving Ed Dept. and put back in States!
...right over a cliff.
Betsy - You have zero experience. It's a shame you were confirmed.
#Resign @usedgov
brah, most people don't like you. Do not mess up our schools or screw over our educators.
yup. I'm sure they are excited to have a pathetically under qualified piece of garbage leading them
A literal captive audience! Can u tell how happy everyone is?!
don't forget to do your homework so you can pretend you know WTF you r doing
I don't think the feeling was mutual...
