"I'm from Texas," @JohnCornyn said, where Obamacare actually helps people-like these folks! http://tinyurl.com/zcr6gsc  https://twitter.com/lesleyclark/status/885575041848619013 …
Access doesn't matter if they can't afford it! So much doublespeak from your lying lips!
Don't lie.
It's really sad that u stand behind this bill.  When is your next town hall? Come to Houston and see how welcoming we are to traitors.
Plz EXPLAIN how that will work.  In 2009 the pool for those w/ pre-existing illness was costing $1200 for 1 person. Not affordable! EXPLAIN!
No they won't. Under the Cruz amendment, insurance doesn't have to be insurance.
Under Cruz amendment you can buy platinum veneer and when u need it find out it is a bag of sh*t. What a deal!
The Cruz amendment says only one plan per market has to allow preexisting conditions. Guess what'll happen to the price of that one plan?
I'm just wanting for them to leave the individual mandate in with all this shit.
They pretty much have to because it's not a budgetary provision. But of course the 9.5% of income rule will effectively kill it anyway.
Once the death spirals start and premiums skyrocket, the mandate will apply to fewer and fewer people, and eventually no one.
Death spiral is fiction.  It's dying because republicans are strangling it.  Wake up!
@mikehalltexas @TexasMonthly -
Yes, if you define access as premiums + deductibles taking more than a third of your working class income. It's not access if unaffordable.
Do you still think we are the United States of Stupid? Looking forward to voting you and Cruz out!!
Notice the careful wording.gain ACCESS to insurance.  Not that they will actually GET or be able to AFFORD insurance
"gain access" is rather murky.
@mikehalltexas @TexasMonthly how many tx hospitals will close? How many jobs lost? How many seniors have premiums quadruple?
Access but can they afford it...
Yes, gain access on another Gov't subsidy and bail out program on my back. You sound like a GD Democrat.
I have "access" to a million dollar mansion, but I still can't afford it.  Access is NOT same thing as coverage. #GOPtalkingpoints
Access to unaffordable and/or essentially useless insurance... With friends like you... who needs enemies?
I can read and have read the entire documents. Access to health insurance too expensive to purchase isn't access.
@mikehalltexas @TexasMonthly They will "gain access"? John, playing word games with citizens shows you are dishonest
You are lying
Yep, let the poor into Tiffany's!

Why do you bother? Ur base betrays their country for their party no matter how hard you lie and deceive.
Take a breather.  Lie this hard and you are going to break something more than the truth.
U have the nerve to ask "Did you know" questions? WHEN did u release this latest bill+discuss it with your constituents in a townhall?
Yes, When is your townhall?
Is that the expected *net* change?
Did you know that had Jim Abbot accepted medicaid expansion many of them would already be insured.
Happy to pay so that #Healthcare4All is truly that. Hardworking friends and those w pre-existing conditions helped by #Ocare. #SinglePayer
Not accurate...
Define access, please.
Who paying for it? Not the wealth (koch's), your donors to gop. #MakeAmericaLookDumbagain trump
"Access" does not equal coverage or affordability.
Did you know that 150,000 people with disabilities are on a 14 year medicaid waiver waitlist?
I have access to mansions in the Hamptons.  Access. That doesn't mean  I can afford it. Stop the nonsense.

#SinglePayer
You are supporting absolutely disgusting legislation.  Selling nothing insurance.  How much does insurance co give to republicans?
What about the millions of us that will lose it
Tax cuts remain so, I'll ask again, how will you personally benefit from these tax cuts?  #WhatsYouCut
Did YOU know that this will get you voted out of office? This is an awful bill. We can read. Stop talking AT us! Be our advocate!  @GOP
I appreciate you, fellow feisty Texas librarian!
We've got to keep speaking up, right?!
Did you know that if Texas had accepted Medicaid expansion nearly a million poor Texans would have gained access to health insurance?
That is Fake. U made it up!!!
Come on.  You don't care about them.  You care about yourself and your ideas.  Insurance is a con.  Only works if you likely won't need it.
Your constituents DO NOT believe you. Whoever is writing this BS, STOP! You assume the readers are ignorant sheep. Extremely rude&insulting.
Briefly. But in a few years the GOP plan cuts Medicaid funding and people fall off the rolls. Telling half-truths ain't the Texas way, John!
How did you created that number? Other estimate for TX has us losing 100s of thousands to a million and some have showed the math. Prove it!
And how many others will lose it because of the rest of the bill?  Tell the whole story John....
I know that they already have access to health insurance- and your plan will reduce their incentive to buy- bc they cost more cover less
But you'll get the "better care" right?
But you'll get the "better care" right?
No one cares if they have insurance as long as wealthy tax payers don't have to bare the burden. Vote GOP to end public healthcare!
Access and affordability are not the same thing.
@mikehalltexas @TexasMonthly do the pants on fire test.
Tell everyone it's Medicaid reform. We all know it. Tell us the truth. I'm an AARP member with pre-existing conditions. It will kill me!
Did you know you've not met with your constituents to explain your P.O.S. legislation?
Hey Rino. Repeal period end of story. Get out of big pharma's back pocket and do your damn job.
Get healthcare,taxes,immigration done. Everyone is tired of republicans afraid to govern. Only worried about reelection not american people
@mikehalltexas @andreamvaldez You sound just like a Dem evoking the image of a few poor helped by OC forgetting the MANY HURT!
By "access" do you mean the ability to buy it, when everyone knows they can't afford it, and plans they can afford are terrible?
I have equal access to Lamborghinis, but it doesn't mean you will see me driving one around.
@mikehalltexas @andreamvaldez Never knew Cornyn was so out of touch with middle class Texans who are being bankrupted by OC!
What on God's earth r u talking about? Where did you see  Texans would gain coverage? Are you talking about access? I have access to a yacht
Everyone technically has access right now John. Is everything great?

It may help poor Texans but as usual the MIDDLE CLASS & WORKING POOR will PAY. We weren't promised O-care lite & won't forget!
"Gain access"  does not equal "insured" you you know it.
Get real Senator...work with Dems to fix healthcare and preserve the social safety net for Texans. We're not all millionaires you know.
How many will be left uncovered due to pre-ex conditions? With a very insubstantial tax credit ? No 1 is for it. Not AHA, AHIP, AMA, AARP.
"Access" does not mean affordable Senator! #VoteNoBCRA #VoteNo #VoteOutCornyn #VoteOutTheIncumbent
"Access to" is code for "they can't afford it, but we'll 'offer' it".
Dear John, 
You're still missing the point. WE DO NOT WANT repeal & replace. We just want REPEAL. Bring down Obamacare. @GOP @AWRHawkins
Right, a bare bones policy that covers nothing.  You get it for a year and tell us how it worked out for you.
There's that word again "access". We all have access 2 the lotto but that doesnt mean squat!
Why did our great state refuse the Medicaid expansion so that TEXANS suffered? Your propaganda is so disheartening. Tell the truth
Stop Lying!!! Lyin' Ted and Lyin' Johnny. These morons do not represent me. I have morals.
More Betsy DeVos math?
Did you know you lie every time you open your mouth or tweet?
Insurance that your plants will love!
I got some private coverage for you. It will only cost 3 dollars and it guarantees wonderful coverage according to doctors of quality.
Lower premiums but less coverage, explain how that's good for poor Texans.
Did you know that exempting yourselves from this coverage means it's a big pile of bulldinky?
I'd rather have my taxes go up a little to take care of our most poor & sick by doing #MedicareForAll then one penny going to a billionaire.
@mikehalltexas @TexasMonthly does that mean 600k are thrown off Medicaid? They have "access" to private insurance today u fool
A barebones insurance policy.
Repeal and replace. I do not know one single person who has not been hurt by obamacare. Texans matter.
@mikehalltexas @TexasMonthly insurance w/o essential benefits & w/ lifetime caps is NOT ACCEPTABLE! Gutting Medicaid not OK!
So @JohnCornyn doesn't get it. A person on ssi disability making less than $9000 a year with a pre-existing condition can't afford a policy.
What are you smoking @JohnCornyn ?
Senator, your bill has a math problem
Repeal Obamacare now. Get the government out of healthcare!
@TexasMonthly If you believe that to be true, how about u guarantee to personally pay for those who lose their insurance? :-)
Did you know the national assoc of governors has ideas to helpfulfill 45 promise of affordable healthcare for all. Stop working in the dark!
Can't wait to give someone else access to your office. #CanCornyn20
How about the members of congress living with the options WE THE PEOPLE have. Hypocrites!!!
That's just expanding medicaid, have you seen the corruption,fraud and abuse in that system first hand. I have
they have 'access' to private insurance now, like I have access to a private jet. But living on social security means I'm not gonna get it.
define "access" please.
@mikehalltexas hey John access doesn't mean affordable @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC @TxBlackDemocrat @TXDemWomen
Amen.
"Gain access" to coverage they will not be able to afford.
The "cheap" plans don't have essential benefits. Obamacare *prohibited* ins co's from offering such junk. Plans had to provide coverage!
Day drinking doesn't suit you, John. Saying things doesn't make them true. Poor Texans will be devastated by TrumpCare.
Did you know that the MAJORITY of Americans want to keep the ACA?

Http://
We'll let you pay for "insurance". Oops you got sick? Too bad sucker.
Stop lying. If Texas would have expanded Medicaid we wouldn't be in this mess.Comment on Trump and Russia. Remember no comment is a comment.

 Here are the consumer protections the Cruz amendment wipes out: 
The word “affordable” is conspicuously absent from that short tweet. I have “access” to a Bentley, but it’s not a rational choice for me
here you go again with this word "access" . It's deceiving. Access to anything is pointless if it's not affordable.
For the 100th time, access is not coverage. Like car insurance for car owners, healthcare should be required for everyone who has a body.
What is projected cost relative to disposable income?
Are you defining access to private insurance as losing access to Medicaid? Because that's what it seems like...
Having access doesn't mean people can afford it.   Nice spin though.
You should have your constituents best interests as your top priority. They will NOT gain anything and can lose what they have.
I didn't know that! Because I don't watch @FoxNews. And because I believe in facts. And numbers. And facts.

Cornhead is misleading us. Notice he said "access"? They still may not be able to afford it or they find out they have no REAL coverage!
Are you saying a comprehensive policy with low deductibles and OOP? Well child, immunizations, breast exams? Pregnancy coverage? Details!
What I would like to know is why, if this insurance bill is so great, you made yourself and your staffers exempt from it.
I think the least expensive policy offered in each state is what the state's reps should get.
And WON'T BE ABLE TO AFFORD PREMIUMS!!! Unlike other states accepting Medicaid expansion, Texas let poor people die for 8 years. More coming
John the Bill sucks, Entitlements =  DEATH & COST, Free market @RandPaul is the only Sen that actually know what Rep voters want. I'd listen
Is this the same way I have access to a brand new Ferrari? As in, I'm totally free to buy one, but there is no way to actually buy one?
Actually, I don't like this comparison. Because I don't need a Ferrari. I do need health insurance and care. Again, I work 60 hours a week.
How many do I have to work before I get the health coverage you have? Or do believe in this plan enough to subject yourself to it?
Poor women in Texas will certainly need that access since you're defunding Planned  Parenthood. So, again: Define 'access.'
Define "access". Can they afford it and what coverage does it provide?
Did you know that Medicaid is vital part of rural healthcare Senator? & this bill will cut much of that. So where do rural folk go for care?
by #BCRA, you are pre-meditating the murder of 100k's of Americans, including CHILDREN. For billionaire tax cuts.
Define 'access.'
Maybe, but a large number of them won't be able to afford it.
@mikehalltexas @TexasMonthly - As I told you in person this am at the "coffee" (photo op), you need to fix ACA. No AHCA or BCRA
Your actions, not your tweets, show Texans how much you really care.
Full repeal and replace
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP @RepKevinBrady @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  Senator Sockpuppet, no one likes your plan &. Ur shelf life is up
The more I read this the more I realize you are intentionally contorting the bill's impact to make it sound positive. Stop insulting us.
Notice the disingenuous usage of the word, "access.". Yeah, they'll have "access" to it the same way they have access to a Lamborghini
Butvtey can't afford what they can access, you know that, you are shameless by not acknowledging that!!!!!!
This whole bill is really a Medicaid repeal....that's so much worse than repealing aca.
You are SUCH a liar! Or you don't know how to read! Either way you need to leave!
