When the overwhelming majority of scientists say we're in trouble, the time for debate is long past. Time for action. Do better, Senator.
Overwhelming majority of scientists do not say that. Just those the Media chooses to spotlight. Don't believe all that you read.
No, they really do
Scientists agree-if evidence finds you are wrong, say so, be honest enough to change a position. IfObama did it, Rs called it flip flopping.
Could say the same thing about healthcare
tough words from science denier Cornyn
So we shouldn't follow the scientific data we have? Should we start being more cautious about accepting that planets revolve around the sun
Some of that data is biased--not based on empirical data.
That is assinine. Data is data, people r biased. To say the earth is not going thru period of warming is just craziness.
1970's--"huge" concern that the earth was cooling & "the majority of scientists" warned we were moving toward an ice age.  Follow the $$$!
If they wanted 2make money, & these r very smart men, they'd make millions working 4 oil companies & lobbyists denouncing warming
Money & power
What are your favorite papers of 2017 so far John?
I'm talking about peer-reviewed journal articles not NYT op-eds btw
What if you replaced 'science' with 'bought-off politician'? That would fit you much better John.
John, please save this for the person who balances your humors. You sound melancholic. PS, Twitter is not a person in your magic box.
Sure. But there's a point at which the evidence for a scientific claim is so overwhelming that debate becomes ludicrous. We're there w/ CC.
Do you consider yourself educated?
Just gotta say: gravity is only a theory. No way to be certain though, so...go jump out an airplane and tell me how it works?
Well-supported scientific claims should be doubted only when there is reason to do so. Science says that anything may be called into doubt.
It doesn't say that everything is always in doubt. Doubt, like belief, needs to be justified by reason.
You are the worst kind of science denialist. I'm afraid for our future because of nut cases like you. Why risk everything?
That is true
You, or whoever tweets for you, are/is bad at this. I feel like you could find bad quotes that don't piss off half of your constituents.
Science is science. Empirical data is what u make decisions based off of. Science doesn't care what u choose to believe.
Science should be science; however there are some who are not utilizing empirical evidence. They use their bias & their political leanings.
shut up and DO SOMETHING useful for once!
Total certainty may be impossible, but when we're taking bets on the future I'll take the 99% bet based on what we know so far every time.
John Cornyn, you are an embarrassment with the anti-intellectualism.
But underfunding it guarantees any misunderstandings we have now will remain for far too long.
Protecting your Oil & Gas campaign contributors as usual. Gotta keep your hand out. You are a vending machine politician...coin operated.
Really… Can anyone in your party think for themselves
Why would anyone want to take such a chance on being wrong when the stakes are human existence?
It isn't Science thats being questioned, it's bias & political leanings of certain so-called scientists. Follow money of these "scientists."
We don't need absolute certainty in life to act.
When do you think banks are going to stop offering 30 year mortgages on property in Miami?
Note the trick here - overwhelming consensus "traduces" science, anything less than overwhelming consensus = "the jury is still out".
Just admit you prefer your big polluter money to representing the interests of Texans.  You can say it, John.  We all know it's true.
Straw man and wrong. Next?
That's cool that you are questioning if fracking is safe.  I agree we should do many more scientific studies on that.  Thank you sir.
Ignoring science shows ignorance.  I vote in your State and I'm unpaid.
You are a tool.
Pretending you can ignore evidence just because there isn't total certainty makes a mockery of rational thought.
The earth is 6000 years old and flat. Discuss.
correct. science is not fact. science is the process of exploring data to determine fact.
It is almost like you are trying to post things to get voted out of office.
There's overwhelming evidence to support gravity, evolution & man-made climate change, which means they need overwhelming evidence to refute
People who just want to "debate" without testing new hypotheses or presenting new evidence don't care about the spirit of scientific inquiry
Somehow I expected more from you
Stop it! We don't need 2 dbate this any longer. U ignore science at the peril of us all. U contnu 2 destroy what legacy u may have had. SAD!
So does conflating a healthy skepticism with willful ignorance.
True, how can we be 100% certain the sky is blue. We should continue to study just in case!
Doubting the validity of science endangers us all.
This is disgusting. Be a leader.
Using no science at all to support your policy traduces the spirit of competency
I see you being unemployed in 3 years!
So if you John Cornyn are a denier why do I pay so much for emission test at MV inspection?
Stop it. Just stop. You are 100% complicit to the destruction of our country this administration is causing. #TurnTexasBlue
I demand that you demand an independent investigation in #TrumpRussia. We need answers now and we need full disclosure. Now!
But denying science completely is moronic! And going to destroy our planet! Stellar work for ur kids BTW!
No wonder you have done nothing for so long and let @tedcruz take the lead in hate agenda for Tx. You/trump apparently both confused
science.   Climate change.  It's real,  ask your constituents that were in the path of the storms last night.   #LastTermCornyn
Yea nothing screams climate change like a  tornado in the spring. Silly sheep
.@JohnCornyn climate change is not up for debate.  You should land on the right side of history.
Like the vaccination debate that shouldn't exist?
Are you seriously hinting that you deny the validity of science? What's next? Holocaust denial? Drop the hubris of party politics.
- room for different viewpoints & challenges doesn't mean ignore consensus. Especially when consensus predictions dire.
trump emboldening fellow baffoons to deny science. Just cause your tiny brains dont understand it doesn't make it false
You and @tedcruz must've been pretty rattled by the marches yesterday, lol
Are you also denying climate change? How do you not understand how dangerous this is?
Release trumps taxes 
Release the documents on Flynn
So why don't you just get rid of everything in your life that has benefited from science, including technology and health care?
you're just horrible!
Senator, are you saying you don't believe in science?  Deplorable!
The one decent line in that whole article.
Holy shit!  Are you serious or are you trying to be unemployed?  You just sound ignorant when you post stuff like this.
This doesn't mean that we should pretend that climate change isn't happening or that humans aren't responsible - you twit.
You’re right — new evidence of earth’s flatness may yet turn up!
You quote the one OpEd in the NYT's that lets you feel better @ 45's EO's polluting our earth when the rest of their staff believe in CC?
So we should just believe whatever is convenient/profitable and not worry about it? Great leadership, John. Is Inhofe handing out snowballs?
You're quoting from an article that has multiple proven falsehoods in it.  It's depressing  that you are supposed to represent our state
Are you serious?
Not sure why you on fixed on this when we have bigger fish to fry - like how is the #trumprussia investigation going?
Are you familiar with Newton's Laws?
That is probably the most stupid comment I have ever heard - love, a scientist.
Damn, just when I was certain about gravity...
Are you sentient being or a mirror for the worst our country has to offer?
Strawman
Scientists question assumptions all the time. It's what most people learned in 4th grade: scientific method. Only zealots fixate
...certainty about it, is denying many of the already written theories of physics. Yes, there are some things they can't explain: gravity..
Cornyn doesn't want to believe in science bc it won't make $$ for his big oil buddies. #TurnTXBlue #RiseUpTX
I'm sure prayer washes away hypocrisy no?
what's your point? GOP has used discussion to mean inaction and even allowing our rivers and air to be polluted.
What if you replaced the word "science" with the word "religion"?
This. ALL DAY LONG.
