Reality: Insurance companies say GOP is to blame for rising premiums, because of CSRs. They have requested the same solution Dems have. https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/876897099383808000 …
Senator you keep calling reporting on healthcare propaganda and fake news. Why not come on my show tonight and set the record straight?
Probably because 5 minute news clips are sufficient only for gotchas, not setting the record straight on such a massive bill
Ive explicitly offered as much time as the Senator wants.
Hey there, Senator Cornyn. I would LOVE to watch you on @allinwithchris 
Please contact @chrislhayes & make this happen!
What specific items in @ThePlumLineGS's argument do you find incorrect? That's not a substantive or civil way to engage a serious journalist
It is, however, very much the way the leader of his party, the president, deals w critics
I'm embarrassed that this is the response from Texas. Especially when it's not propaganda. It's actually being said by insurance companies
Please explain why you believe this is propaganda and provide us with facts and sources. Thanks!
So says you.

Prove it. Do you know what it means to make unsubstantiated claims?
No it is not!!!!
The senior senator from Texas is literally too stupid to form a complete sentence.
What facts do you have to support your position?
How is it propaganda when it is actually being said by the insurance companies? I don't get it.
Thanks boss.  It's nice to be told how to think and not to be given any supporting facts. Really simplifies life...
It's works for the trump minions 
Ooh someone learned a multisyllabic  word.  You get an extra dessert tonight. #fakenewsreplacement
You're pathetic.
You = fake representative of the people. In other words: a gutless puke.
Senator Cornyn go on @cumtownpodcast
Lying to yourself continuously may make you feel justified. Really, it just means you are delusional. History will not be kind to you.
Sen. Cornyn, do you actually believe your own bullshit?
Do you have a problem with the truth, John?
Not according to the article in my morning paper. The GOP is run exclusively for the good of corporations and the wealthy.
Senator, your twitter posts are beneath the dignity your constituents deserve. Get a new social media intern who is more informed please.
I know you have a pre-existing condition... because at your age... it's possible... did that sound mean?... Good... so are you.. just saying
Curious that someone from the republican party, who partnered with Putin to attack our elections would use that word, eh?
You're a United States senator. One would hope you could be more thoughtful in your commentary than the average Twitter troll. Embarrassing.
Look at you trying to parrot the diaper-wearer-in-chief. Do you poop your pants too you ghoulish waking chin?
Truly exemplifying a member of the world's greatest deliberative body
Honestly, you look worse with every Tweet. U r in it now. U should just shut up.
Liar
Dude. What has happened to your entire party? Just be honest about your cruel, heartless plans. Own it instead of lying about it.
ACA was a great start that you & your colleagues refused to accept. Instead of working to strengthen it, you scrap it & replace w garbage.
Hmm, and yet this bill is such a secret.
If you were so confident, why don't you make the bill public ?
Resign
Show us the bill.
Texas has the highest teen pregnancy rate and maternal death rate in the nation. Wonder why? How do you sleep at night?
Propaganda, yes that is you...a lot of white noise!
Try asking them for once instead of lying.
How is truth propaganda?
Whomever voted this stumblebum into office deserves whatever's coming to them. Enjoy!
Prove it. Cough up names, quotes, facts. How about a list of major med assocs supporting ACHA? 
It's not propaganda if it's accurate and in context...which this is.
Senator, this is pathetic. If you won’t be honest you’re not worthy of your position.
Texas is on to you @johncornyn  You aren't searching for real solutions to Texas' healthcare issues. You work for your rich donors!! #resist
Nope, Truth. You are what is technically known as an amoral or "evil" person. You literally want to kill people to make rich richer. EVIL
You're ridiculous. Shame on you.
only propaganda on aca is coming from gop
Hypocrite:
The people have a right to know what is happening behind closed doors with secret HC negotiations
I honestly don't know how you ever became a senator, but with garbage like this I will do what I can to ensure that you don't remain one.
So you've joined USS Trump #fakenews ship. Not surprising since you are #coinoperated #CowardCornyn
GOP raged they only had 2 months 2 read ACA bill. McConnell will give entire Senate 10 hours on Trumpcare. The #hypocrisy is disgusting.
No sir, it's called the truth but clearly you're too far gone to depict what's true and isn't anymore
What's in the Senate Healthcare bill? Show us the bill, and quit hiding behind your rhetoric.
Senator Cronyn, 
You have lost your way.
Nearly a week ago I asked for details on the health plan you're supporting. Silence from you (minus some fluff pieces). Where's the bill?
YOU LIE
Care to explain?
I really hope someone else is tweeting for you. It would make it a *little* better.
Too bad it's factual.
Propaganda:  Cornyn cares deeply about the welfare of Texans.  1,232 das to #CanCornyn
Your name is already permanently boldfaced on the wrong side of history so, sure, be a total a-hole. Enjoy your reckoning!
Do you have a Russian bot running your twitter account?
Show us your plan!  Why are you doing it in secret if it's so fabulous?
here's some actual news
So wish my patients who look at suicide as the answer to your killing their health care could take you out first, mass murderer @JohnCornyn
You're welcome to prove it to us, anytime. I thought TX guys were supposed to be tough but you're all hiding behind McConnell. Weak! Sad!
This tweet is grossly immature; it sounds like a Trump response, and it reflects very poorly on you Senator.
Your disdain for the American people is showing.
Why?
Glad you have finally admitted that you spread propaganda. Doesn't it feel good to be honest? Now, stop telling lies, and represent us all!
History will barely remember you, but when it does, it'll be as a liar, a fool, and a quisling obscurantist running interference for Putin.
I hope you one day come to fully grasp the ignominious station you've set up for yourself in the story of our country.
Where is your bill that is so transparent no one in the Senate has seen it? #Charade
Using Russian tactics against Americans now? You picked that up fast huh?
do you clip your fingernails before jamming up your ears?
Foster kids in TX are about to lose Medicaid benefits, forcing them into the exchanges while you play political games.
Take it to committee. Schedule a hearing. Why hide the bill if you stand behind it?
you're a liar.   everyone knows you're a liar
Oh, are we doing this one word at a time? Okay. Liar.
Another well thought out analysis. You're like an angry tween.
Pretty soon Cornyn will be citing #infowars
Nice use of the word, but you provide no evidence what is stated is not factual which is the priority here. Propaganda can be true.
#ShowUsTheBill
AARP DISAGREES with you in this
Do you understand what Propaganda is?
Do you understand exactly how close you are to acting like a Soviet apparatchik?
Dude. I know your team is crap, but what happened here?
Town hall meeting. Let's talk about this openly rather than just saying "lies", "fake news", "propaganda"
I love how they think a one word denial magically erases well put together articles and noteworthy information. Quit hiding.
It's insulting to his constituents
I don't even know what to say anymore.Your hypocrisy is transparent and shameless.
You're seriously getting as bad as t-Rump with all the ridiculous accusations and finger pointing. How do you sleep at night?
On a different note: have you noticed your ratio of likes to replies lately? Twitter can do wonders for your career. Or it can break it.
Maybe if you say it enough times, Texans will believe it? We aren't this stupid.
By 'same solution as Dems' does @theplumlinegs mean the illegal TAXPAYER SUBSIDIES to insurance companies?
Anyone who understands distribution of risk and adverse selection knows why premiums are rising.  Add to that fewer competitors and ....
Is this the new substitute for "fake news"? U are going to toss "propaganda" out there whenever confronted with facts that don't support u?
So show us the bill and prove it wrong. I don't trust anything you say without proof.
Let's have that townhall schedule 2 discuss merits of hidden GOP senate plan & a lot more about your duties & performance review.
High five your best bud little Marco! Marco Rubio Quietly Undermines Affordable Care Act

LOL
You did know your TX constituents can read - right? We also know you and your cronies have failed to #ShowUsTheBill #ProtectOurCare
You mean truth?! Explain in a #townhall-Stop sabotaging ACA & fund CSRs #ShowUsTheBill #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
"Will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?" Senator @clairecmc asked today in the Finance Cmte. You should watch: #Trumpcare 
Nope. Here, I'll use a different link for a change: http://fortune.com/2016/10/04/obamacare-exchanges/ …
and THAT folks is how bad it is when a senator who hides a healthcare bill can't even offer any debatable evidence to the contrary.  #FAIL
Ouch, didn't those fine donors pay for your election, @JohnCornyn ? Or am I thinking ExxonMobil?
it takes a spewer of such to know such.
Proove it otherwise!! We all heard the ins co...now proove ur side!!
Calling something Propaganda doesn't make it so. The fact is you & GOP don't want the ACA simply bc it was Obama's idea.
Inflation = a pre-ACA issue but GOP is to blame as well. GOP virulent anti-ACA rhetoric depressed enrollment & mostly blocked Medicaid exp.
Liar 
You only say that to keep them from kicking you off of the gravy train. You don't care about the 2M Texans who'll lose coverage. #DoYourJob
Bullshit. Liar. @JohnCornyn lies his ass off
Love to ask you about this at a town hall
Math is propaganda now.
Of course.  And science, to morons like @JohnCornyn, is fake news.
Pls explain
They are correct. GOP IS THE PROBLEM- we see thru your bull
Propaganda: @JohnCornyn is not a liar. Truth: @JohnCornyn Lies through his teeth.
Why are you trying to kill Medicaid, anyway?
You use that word as if you understand what it really means.
John, you're going down with #TrumpRussia and that's just plain sad.
@ThePlumLineGS Cornyn has decided to align with nonsense and spouting off lies. He also has turned monosyllabic, apparently....
What?! You really have the gall to aacuse others or propaganda?
Truth, actually.
You are a liar.
What an eloquent counterpoint John, with great supporting facts. Next maybe you can define McCarthyism & say how this is not exactly that.
Dude. CEOs of insurance companies are on record saying this. Good God.
You are very good at propaganda
Honest question - Will the GOP version REQUIRE everyone to have medical Insurance or pay a tax penalty?
.. bc as a Texan I know how the Auto Ins. industry cleaned up on that ... ugh
Fake views.
You're just throwing bombs. How is this showing accountability to the voters you purport to represent? Coward. Liar. @indivisibleATX
Convincing rebuttal, honky
Well, isn't this interesting : #theResistance  #Resist
Also, #wethepeople  you @JohnCoryn #GOP ... #reckless
I cannot wait to vote against you.
That makes two of us.
You're a liar. Big liar.
Hey, genius, who was in the majority of both houses for the last 6 years?
Speaking of propaganda...take your meds.
Except for it's fact.  Just because it is inconvenient for you doesn't make it any less true.

But, y'know, don't offer any PROOF about it.  Where is it?  Do you even have it or are you just blowing hot air?
He's blowing hot air  And he's deflecting. 2 things he's really good at. #TurnTXBlue
Say it in Russian.
