Why sad, repugs have been doing it for years
Just like u did, Johnny, in the case of Sandy. What's wrong? I thought u Texans didn't want to help other Americans and didn't need help?
What was hidden in the bill? That's the sick thing. GOP hides evil in what should be clean bills so they can lie about it later.
What did you do?  You attached strings to it, didn't you?  What is the full story?
That's rich coming from a guy that was part of the obstructionist Obama years, when y'all didn't do jack sh*t because of party politics.
Sad. Cornyn is sad. Indeed. #votehimout
1132 days
Did you forget the 8 yrs Obama was in office and r never worked with him??
Exactly. The hypocrisy is offensive. GOP fought and resisted POTUS 44 at very turn. Yet 44 accomplished tons any way.
44 ...history will judge him as a saint..thanks to the @GOP and their resistance
Its sad that the nation is stuck with an UNAFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE system the GOP told us they would get rid of and the Senate SHAFTS US!!!
Do not blame the democrats it is more GOP but you will not be able to do anything due to the fact God is not going to let u help us poor
Really? Because you didn't try to repeal healthcare 70x just to spite Pres. Obama despite how many it hurt.
As your constituent and a health actuary, it's a sad day when you will vote for Graham-Cassidy instead of holding bipartisan hearings.
Be a great day when you're out of a job, though. #CornynHurtsTexas
I would imagine those were tied to something unrelated that a dem would never vote for. We should pass a bill stopping that.
It's a sadder day when Rino republicans fail to do what they promised and repeal obamacare. Instead we get no votes on obamacare light bill.
Pot - kettle! Pushing another version of trump care just cause you promised repeal and replace for 8 years. #hypocrite #fakecongress #joke
The people deserve better from the democrats.
Stupendous hypocrisy John.

How do you look at yourself in the mirror.
Yeah because Republicans would never do anything like that   Just stop
You might want to go see a doctor. You must be experiencing severe whiplash, since this is exactly how you acted for the last 8 years.
REMEMBER SANDY JOHN?
It's a Sad Day when Repubs refuse to sit down and work with Dems.
John you voted against Sandy Hurricane relief. So why is it fair for you and not others? Go cry someplace else whiner !
Have you ever heard of Puerto Rico?
It is a sad day when repub play their role in 
trumps show boat, 

trump or
Its a sad day in politics every day you are in the Senate working to destroy the people and lying about it.
They can pass a rule, and put it on the floor tommorrow, Puerto Rico is going to be Trump's Katrina, he needs to kick it in.
What's this? What did you slip in the bill that will kill millions or give millions to your wealthy contributors?
Privatizing air traffic control.
So it was millions for contributors after all. Not surprised at all. 2020 lets vote Cornyn out!
Strange, seeing the budget proposed by said @PRyan eliminated disaster relief funding
Stop playing politics with American lives and go help Puerto Rico
Why are these in the same bill in the first place?
The real disaster is that you are still a senator.
It is indeed a sad day. But, in the name of politics, you ignore the real reason: the governed seem no longer to matter to those who govern.
Remind us how you and Cruz in the Senate and 8 Republican Reps voted on the Sandy relief bill?
Meanwhile, while Cornhole is busy dividing America:
Puerto Rico suffered catastrophic damage from #HurricaneMaria. Millions w/o power or water. Congress should take up emergency aid asap. https://twitter.com/NOAASatellites/status/912342036975669254 …
You want to ptivatize air traffic control?  So one of your donors can get a big contract, pay the lowest wages possible without benefits.
You control the measured before the senate.  Dont cry about the dems.
What’s sad is that you’re in office.
It is sad day when House republicans shut out their democrat colleagues from makes law for the country: Me
It was a sad day when Cornyn & @tedcruz -- in the name of politics -- vote against Sandy disaster relief
At this point I don't even need to know the details to know that they're protecting Americans from some greater harm.
What pork was in the bill john? TXresident here asking the question.
Sad Because Republican leaders don't Stand Together
What did you bundle it with?
It's a damn sad day when you can't pass Healthcare. You are just as ineffective as Mitch McConnell and the rest of you establishment hacks
Sad day when the GOP authors a heath plan specifically designed to kill people.
Its been many sad days since @GOP embraced the farthest right wing in American politics & began to legislate based on their priorities.
You should be better than that and not tied them together -shame!
It's a sad day when Rs-in the name of politics- will throw millions of Americans off insurance to be able to say,  they repealed Obamacare.
No it's a sad day when you haven't resigned or denounced the actions of 45. Your constituents are waiting. Do better start doing your job.
It is a sad day when all Republicans will -- in the name of politics -- conspire to protect a Russian puppet in the White House,a traitor.
At this point, since the Republicans keep blaming the Dems for not getting anything done, maybe we need to give control of Congress to them.
Let's see how much they can actually get done. Unfortunately, we know that Republicans, including Cornyn, will obstruct as they did before.
It's a sad day that this is what are called @TheDemocrats today v
Quit Lying, Johnnie. We do NOT want air traffic control privatized for hurricane relief. What about committee meetings & hearings?

Coming from an obstructionist that means NOTHING
House really, really exerted themselves scrambling to get Puerto Rico help!  NOT!!  Failure!
Privatizing air traffic control is a terrible idea. Maybe that's the problem. We could discuss this at a town hall.
You belong in jail!!!!  Just following the monster in chief.
They will not vote for anything that will help Trump.
Privatized air traffic control maybe?  That isn't a safety measure, btw.
Sad day when you did same thing against Obama! Payback are a beotch Texan isn't.
You sir are a liar and not to be trusted. I don' think you should have ever been trusted with the position of authority you now hold. Liar.
It's time for the swamp to be drained. This includes you John.
Look at your voting record. You are not doing what you were elected to do.
Made me sad when you did it too Obama for 8 years which is why I make it a point to never vote for you
Senator, I worry for your mental health. Your memory seems to fail you. Perhaps you should see a doctor, you have good health insurance.
Strange, seeing the budget proposed by said @PRyan eliminated disaster relief funding
Says the hypocrite who didn't say $h!t when GOP did it for Sandy or anything Obama put up. Get a real job and quit leaching of #WeThePeople
If you really think that’s their reason for voting you do not belong anywhere near Washington...
Shit look at House Republicans.
Senator, I hate to see this, but Republicans have done the same - both are in the dirt. Time to change, bring new people in house and senate
It is a sad day when house republicans want to strip people of basic health care
Oh... Oh.... Ohhhhhh.... That's your hurricane Sandy face, isn't it.
Remember Hurricane Sandy
You lie much of the time. What poison pill is in it? The 'Wall'?
Why don't you retire?
Ditch the blue slips get judges appointed and get disaster relief change the rules . Vote for constituents you will keep your job
Would it be OK if GOP reps voted against it?
Please do not VOTE for this man again......he and Ted are Toads in the SWAMP.  I am a shame of our republican representatives. ALL THE SAME
What a lying little man you are. When you are in power, quit using the victim card. What a pathetic little ball of corruption.
Nailed it.
I am just sick of the Tom Delay castoff. He was corrupt then and is worse now. He sold his soul for power and has no clue what to do now.
You're such a hypocrite.
ONE QUESTION:  Why do you hate Veterans and their families so much....that you refuse to DRIVE CHANGE.
Do u really have constituents who are that stupid to believe this statement at face value? U know why it was defeated. Don't ur people read?
It is a sad day when the President @POTUS of the U.S. tweets about football when millions are suffering in Tx, Florida & Puerto Rico
Do you know the definition if irony? Very rich coming from the man who refused Sandy aide, and refused to work with Dems the past 8 yrs.
What have you done for Texas Vets?  What have you done for any VET???
It is a sad day when Republicans can't even back their own President Elect.  
You are part of the SWAMP..... The Texas Swamp.
Agreed & just as despicable when Republicans did it for Sandy.  When are y'all going to realize that you are supposed to work together?!
Who is the POS that tied a shitty privatizing air control bill w/ disaster relief?
Damn!  Look at these comments!!  Your constituents really hate you.  Perhaps we should review your legitimacy ?   #RussiaInvestigation
Interesting that you sent this out before floor proceedings on H.R. 3823 had even begun http://clerk.house.gov/floorsummary/floor.aspx …
I'd love to read and understand the bill however you idiots can't seem to manage your own  website - https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/3823 …
Or this part of your transparency pledge? You want people involved, fix your shit. I work for a living and don't have time to hunt for stuff
It is a sad day when a public servant will - in the name of politics - vote against the health & well-being of his own constituents.
Stop gaslighting. GOP has majority. Check the president and his craziness Calling Americans SOB at a campaign rally? What if Obama did that?
Or when GOP will not even meet with Obama's SCOTUS nomination.
U R a traitor 2 UR constituents. U only care abt donations the Kochs hv promised. Greed has overcome UR promise2 serve &protect ppl of Texas
It’s sad when @SenateGOP will rush a decision that will impact 1/6th of the U.S. economy & take away people’s healthcare away
Its a sad day when our senators care more about padding their pockets than they do about their constituents, dem or repub.
It's a really sad day when Republicans elect a buffoon @realdonaldtrump to the highest honor in this country.  So just stop.  Stop.
Well, ain't that the pot calling the kettle black! #GOPIsBadForPeople
It is a sad day when republicans are focused on Healthcare (again for the 50+time) and the gunlobby not on why Russia fixed the election
The Dems are a really SAD group of ignorant people. John McCain is in that group too with Susan CollinsDisgusting
We see right through your false claims, Senator Cornyn.
Sit down.
It’s also a sad day when you care more about tax cuts than ensuring all Americans receive adequate health care
Correct the wrong done by Obama.  Get out of the SWAMP....
It's a sad day when House Republicans can't even come together to remove healthcare from 20-30 million people.
John if you Ted don't get a grip on the things that really matter to those that VOTED for you; you may be OUT.  Represent those that VOTED!
What's sad, is that you keep finding ways to poison perfectly good legislation. You can't ever just support a clean, sensible bill.
Dems willing to vote for those two items it's the added goody bag they oppose and you know that. Divisive no factual spin
Poor, sad Johnny Cornyn out to think about that while the GOP plays games with people's lives.
None sadder than the day John Cornyn was elected senator
It's an even sadder day, you murderer, when the #GOP wants to take away health care.
It's an even SADDER day, you freaking hypocrite, when Republicans reject SCOTUS appointees because a black president is in office.
"Air safety measures." Is this your people still trying to privatize air traffic control? 

Cause that's not a good idea.
Maybe AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL is not one of the places where we want to incentivize cutting corners?

Just saying.
"After reducing labor costs and delaying equipment modernization until next fiscal year, Air-Mart stock is up 12% this quarter!"
You voted against disaster relief so...
I'll wait for the truth rather than accept anything that Corny says.
Ooookkkkk. Once more, GOP has majority in House, Senate and WH. Pay attention to Senate. My goodness, GOP are idiots.
Vote out GOP in 2018 and impeach this Russian conspirator they call president.
Town hall, maybe?  Talk abt Puerto Rico, Graham Cassidy. Dallas area?  Let us know when and where. Soon, ok?
It's always a sad day with Paul Ryan as speaker of the house.  He entrenches the divide.
It was a sad eight years that GOP obstructed all that Obama supported.  
Finger pointing is for childish GOP.
Impeach now.
Who is going to stop mad Trump from starting World War III? Do something
It is a sad day when a Texas Senator has nothing original to say about anything at all. Why is he in office?
I sense pot calling the kettle black
Didn’t you do this for hurricane sandy? 
Why don't you come to Texas and hold a town hall meeting and explain why you support a corrupt Russian agent pretending to be president. 
lol Senators from Texas have NEVER voted against disaster relief in the name of politics
It's sad that Texas doesn't expand their Medicaid. You're shoving Graham Cassidy down our throats! You don't think THAT'S sad?????
It's a sad day when republicans want to rip healthcare from millions of Americans
It's a sad day when a sitting US senator tries to use an environmental tragedy in his own state to promote disinformation.
Everyday is a sad day while R's and the orange clown control government
Oh please. Every day is a sad day for the country with you and your band of incompetents at the helm.
It is a sad day when you vote to murder American Citizens by voting for tRumpcare. Your votes kill people in the name of politics.  Sad!
Remember when you called out your Senate colleagues for voting against disaster relief? Go ahead and show me where you did. I'll wait.
It is a sad day when you vote against Sandy relief (then expect relief for your state's problems. You aren't special - you are a hypocrite)
Sooooo...  #hypocracy
I thought you voted against Sandy relief. Were you playing politics?
Sad Day: When Republicans fail to live up to their promises,when a VP votes against Veterans and their families.  When the lies never stop.
Another Cornyn temper tantrum. Meanwhile, where is aid for US Virgin Islands? Puerto Rico? Why are you having disabled protestors arrested?
A completely difunctional institution. I'm hardcore GOP but sick of all of you!
Really, gonna blame it on Democrats? Republicans control everything and can't get anything done.
The only shame is Republicans only care about $$$ and paying off their debt to the soul-sucking Koch brothers
It's even more sad that republicans including yourself @JohnCornyn can't speak without lies coming out like a river flowing to the sea.
What a stunning display of hypocrisy. No one has forgotten you voted 'NO' on the 2012 Hurricane Sandy relief bill.
What was in the bill? Did you tuck something in it, like ACA repeal?
on the other hand, it will be a happy day when you and Paul Ryan are run out of DC
These are the Dems that your buddy John McCain sides with!!
I am so ashamed that you are my Senator and that you will never change. I hope you get help.
I feel exactly the same way- he's an embarrassment and I'm a shamed of him
I guess the stupid GOP hasn't figured out that the Dems DO NOT want to help the USA but want to destroy it. When is GOP going to wake up?
It was a sad day when republicans wouldn't hold a hearing on a Supreme Court appointee
Winner for most hypocritical tweet of the day 
#ImpeachTrump 
#SaveACA
Senator Cornyn-ck yr heart-NOT yr party-do what is RIGHT/moral-NOT yr buddies-TRUMP&MCCONNELL are how U want yr family/history 2 remember U?
John, why do you keep setting yourself up for all these comments?  In the name of politics what the hell have you & GOP been doing 4 8 yrs?
32 million.  that is 29 million more than you stated!  thirty two million.
Repubs whine why they can’t get anything done. Teacher once told me divide 7 by 3 & get whole #. I said it won’t go. Teach said MAKE IT GO!
LMAO you con
Do you remember HURRICANE SANDY, you Dotard!
It is a sad day when Republicans --in the name of politics-- vote against public health care measures: me.
There, I fixed it.
Maybe a clean bill is necessary
And what exactly were the rightwingers such as your self doing in the aftermath of hurricane Sandy?... Give me a break!
Why are you voting yes to a healthcare bill that will hurt millions of Americans?
hurt? No, MURDER is the word you are looking to use. People will die directly because of horrific death sentence bill repubs call healthcare
This is distorting what actually transpired.  A man in your position needs to be scrupulously honest.
This lying sack of excrement doesn't understand honesty whatsoever.
Or like when Republicans vote to strip away money for embassy security in Benghazi?
#RetireOrBeReplaced
Oh, huh. I wonder what POS piece of legislation it was attached to. Not all of us are as stupid as you think.
I am a lifelong conservative republican & voted for U. Republicans can’t govern. Won’t vote dem - guess stay home unless new option emerges.
Déjà Vu ?
It's a sad day when in the name of appeasing big donors, Republicans try to take away healthcare from millions!
Yes, very odd that politicians would do things for political reasons. Like, you know, not holding any hearings on or voting on Garland
Nothing like a disaster to get a Republican to believe in the welfare state, huh, JC?
We are voting out both parties. Our vote count on you doing your job.
I know this has never happened on the Republican side of the aisle.
Like voting against climate protections 2 decrease severity of disasters? #ironyatitsfinest #americansdeservebetter
It's a sad day when republicans will knowingly vote for a bad healthcare bill regardless of content because of a promise. Hypocrite fool.
In the Swamp: All Democrats are Enemies of the Constitution and Republic !They are not our friends.
It's a sad day when GOP Senators have protestors in wheel chairs arrested. #SaveACA
And @tedcruz didn't shut down THE ENTIRE GOVERNMENT over ACA?   Let's hire @RepBetoORourke
