Now go balance the budget and start decreasing the debt
#ThanksObama
Given that there has been zero legislation re the economy passed by this administration, there's only 1 thing to say: Thanks, Obama!
Thank you, President Obama.
John, your tax reform will place the burden on low and middle income earners. Who will pay for corp tax cuts?
If the estate tax is repealed (stop calling it a 'death tax'), how will the loss of this tax revenue be replaced?
Thanks Obama!
Wait - I thought all of those job killing regulations were bad. Im so confused.

Let me guess, you're going to credit Donald Fraud for this
Stand Strong with My President Trump and Country
Thanks Obama.
Thanks to Obama!  2016 numbers...
Unfortunately I still probably pay a higher percentage of tax than the top1%.  One raise in ten years.  What percentage did you & Trump pay?
That was under president "what's his name" wasn't  it? How could that be?
I blame Obama
You know these are 2016 figures while O was president?
Um, isn't that the way it's supposed to work?
Ah, come on. It might look good. The numbers over 16 years are flat for the middle income. Pay attention to 1996/2000. It's 2016/17. Bad!!!
Thanks Obama
Yes, everyone agrees @BarackObama did a remarkable job growing the economy after inheriting a recession from Bush. 

#ThanksObama
Thanks Obama!
Thanks Obama
Please say a big THANK YOU to President Obama. #BarackObama
Thanks @BarackObama !
Hmmm that's seemed to be under Obama and his "job-killing" regulations and programs.
Uh, Johnny, you DO know Obama was President then, right? Just checking.
B¥££$#]+
Hmm..who helped with tgat increase? Who was POTUS in 2016?  Oh that's right..Obama. .
#ThanksObama
All thanks to our #44 president.   PRESIDENT OBAMA!   Waiting on your thanks to him.
We aren't stupid Senator.Look at this in comparison to the highest income earners.The percentages are staggering.Middle class is losing.Alot
Good graphic, shows just how good  @POTUS44  was during his 8 year run!
Good job Obama!
Thanks @BarackObama
Did you say thank you to Obama?
Soo Where Is Ur Support Of Our Pres?
Yet u support a President that has done everything in his power to discredit Obama and all he's done. Complicit shill
All the time, not just sometimes, I wonder if you are insane.
#ThanksObama
Tell me what exactly you have done to improve these numbers?!
Nothing there to thank you for. But like the criminals you are, #GOP will steal credit for it.
Guessing you're going to ignore the vast disparities there. Well...not ignore. Make it worse, most likely.
That's great. But here is the graphic you should focus on.
Support our president, JohnCornyn.  Texans are embarrassed.
That was when @BarackObama was president right? Your boy @realDonaldTrump appears to be working very diligently to try to erode those gains.
But how many PEOPLE are middle class, compared to thirty or fifty years ago?
OBAMA!!! #ThanksObama #BringObamaBack
Thanks to Obama, he was for middle class. Gave us healthcare & wage regulations. GOP wants to take credit than rip progress away. SHAME on u
Again and again and again - #thanks Obama!
Thanks Obama!!
Thank you @POTUS44 for leading us out of recession.  Hope @POTUS can continue the recent trend with a focus on Hispanic and Black workers.
costs of healthcare, housing, food, transportation have inflated 2-4x the household income.....now for a family of four+ need $ 100K
Do you like porn too?
Thanks Obama
GOBAMA! Agree with Cornyn that Obama saved the economy, crushed unemployment! GOBAMA! Will take 2 yrs to see what Trump does.
a big contributing factor is that people had health care! Don't repeal ACA - help fix it!
And he got BinLaden
Thank you Obama!!!!!
You are smart enough to realize that is directly due to Pres Obama's 8 years of good fiscal policy.
Did you even read the article? Not so positive.
We'd love to keep more of it and send less to the central planners in DC. You folks don't manage money well. 
If only FOOD prices didn't go up even greater!
I can't even afford to eat canned cat food as previous seniors did in my era!
Inflation a factor?
Thank you Obama!!!
Thanks again to Obama! I miss him everyday.
We all do as we watch our country be torn apart. #ImpeachTrump
Thank Obama!!!
We are back to 1999 levels. Problem is that cost of living has gone way up. Health insurance way up. College way up. Food way up.
Thanks @BarackObama
Thank you, @BarackObama ! You inherited a mess and pulled the country up. And thank you, @JohnCornyn , for appreciating his accomplishments
Thanks Obama! Great economy he built! Now watch Cornyn and company George W Bush us with deregulation & huge tax cuts for the ultra-wealthy.
how'd the top 1% do?
Whoop about a $5000 raise over the past 40 years....so grateful. 
And this is because of Trump and NOT the GOP! TAX REFORM   BUILD THE WALL. FULL REPEAL OF HC!! GOP better DO SOMETHING or your OUT!
Any rise in income in has been wiped out +more by the increase in MANDATORY healthcare premiums
Thanks, Obama.
Thanks to the last President but the 1%'s wealthy has increased ever year even in the times of crisis...so this means no more
THANKS .@BarackObama !!!

Thanks, Obama!
Mr Cornyn - 8 years of affordable health care that have allowed knxlmes to rise and poverty to fall. You want to help destroy all that ...
Thanks Obama!
That's Median income, right? So rich got richer but middle class incomes are basically the same as 1999. Tax cuts for rich won't fix this.
And yet, we are still not rich enough for you Senators to listen to us.  Be quiet, and listen to the people. And do some actual work.
Thanks Obama!
only a republican would see this as good news and tweet as if something was the "highest ever"!
Really? The Washington Compost? You better pull you head out of your ath!
Article summary: thank Obama. The end: poor guy hopes  someone with business experience can [will] help the poor. Great that hope's eternal
Imagine how much higher they could be if a bunch of money didn't go to the rich!
There's a delay time to those numbers meaning, that's Obama-era claims of success.
Obama was president for all of 2016, so even without delay, this would be during his presidency.
Thank you President Obama!
I will end that sentence for you "...because @BarackObama was President." #Resist #DumpTrump
I'm sure you're giving credit to @BarackObama
Thank you @POTUS44, President Obama, for bringing the economy back after the downturn in 2008-2011, you are brilliant and a true leader.
Except a catch: "Agency officials cautioned that the bureau changed its methodology in 2014, complicating an exact historical comparison."
Like we believe the census bureau. lol It is a government agency after all.
I keep saying this, Nigeria military is trying to stir a war that will do no one any good. This time,no one will be spared #BiafraReferendum





I keep saying this, Nigeria military is trying to stir a war that will do no one any good. This time,no one will be spared #BiafraReferendum
Thanks Obama!
