Opposition is not propaganda.  Debate before a law is passed is appropriate. Did you skip civics class?
When are we supposed to scream, AFTER Congress has made the AHCA the law of the land? We can read, and be aghast at shifting costs to poor.
Explain to me how govt. has an obligation to provide healthcare to the poor. Where is that in the constitution
The Constitution guarantees the right to life.
Not at tax payer expense. You can live as long as you want as long as YOU pay for it
Glad to see that Christian way of thinking. You can live as long as you have money for it. You both are complete morons.
Dude, we all have expiration dates. Don't know anybody claiming to have been alive forever. Sounds idiotic just saying it
U pick up on a point that wasnt even the point and make an issue of it. The point is, U can pay for your own healthcare if needed to live
Nobody pays for their own healthcare. Everybody who uses employer coverage is subsidized by other policy holders. same with ACA
I think people are reacting to the party they had in the Rose Garden Mr. Cornyn.
Are you kidding? You really believe this? We are not allowed to complain until after you have inflicted the damage? Sorry, Sen., but HELL NO
Ok, but health insurance companies are one of the least profitable in health industry. United had like 4% PM.  That's not much.
What's my profit margin for getting access to quality healthcare?
The average PM of a business is around 8%. That 5% profit isn't premiums, its investment. They lost money on straight premiums.
Its not a charity. If the for-profit ins cos can't make a profit on your premiums what makes you think the Govt will break even? They won't.
Because we know who it is coming from and he does not have our best interests at heart
You don't want to hear from your constituents? Then quit.
It is your JOB to listen and not JUDGE.
No people are fighting for their lives because unlike you, they don't have your healthcare plan Mr. Government official with great coverage
You make such glib statements about things that are literally life and death for millions of people. Shame on you. #repealandreplacecornyn
I think you making these statements is propaganda. If someone doesn't want to die, it doesn't mean they've lost objectivity. #repealcornyn
Are you talking about @GovAbbott ?
This is worth remembering in 2019 when GOP is the minority party, speaking in Senate against bills that passed Speaker Pelosi's house....
Incorrect. Before the law is passed is the best time to complain. Also best time to disclose, read, debate, vote.
Does this mean ppl shouldn't care about the future??  Your logic is flawed...I, for one, care about the effect of potential laws.
NO, ppl are taking an active part in their role as Americans when they campaign against something that hasn't been enacted yet. #7thgradeSS
When should people "rail against a law" they oppose being passed?
Expressing opposition to a bill is propaganda? NOT a good civics lesson. Did you say that 9 years ago during Obamacare debate? #VoteHimOut
Surprised to see your opposition to NRA and friends
Because the current contents are so terrible for all Americans sans your wealthy donors.  Be ashamed of your party!
Don't know what law you mean, but bad ones take forever to get rid of, and we pay you to represent us and get it right the first time.
NO sir, the bill that has been vetted by so many news sourcesand that Rs have been talking about, is crap. IMPROVE, not dismantle. Why???
We don't need AHCA as law to know its a dog that won't hunt.  Worse its a dog going to eat us out of house and home and bite us on the ass
Maybe we've "lost objectivity" or better- lost faith in your party as you refuse to stand up to the executive branch breaches. #partisanhack
So house cramming it through w/out at CBO score, reps admitting passing it w/out reading it- totally normal. Totally trust the Senate too.
Stop blindly ignoring your constituents that do not speak to your party line. Show us the bill. Open your ears and #listen
Great ratio, my man. That's how you know you've made a solid tweet.
A law that hasn't been enacted is called a bill- a bill that is bad policy should be railed against so Congress does not proceed with it
Take a look in the mirror if you can. You've lost your soul. You are the one spreading the bs and guess what? We are buying it
#ScamArtist @JohnCornyn says we should wait until the horse has bolted to close the barn door. Disaster!
You know that ppl have lost all objectivity and are pursuing a propaganda campaign who rail against a law that hasn't been enacted yet.
Oh John you lie just like Donald does. You're a mean old man who is about power and greed. Nothing more! I'm ashamed your from our state!
Why are you giving the 1% huge tax breaks while hurting the poor?
that's how it works dude
Sure, keep following Fat Donald and see where you end up.
lol
Hi John, I'm you're constituent and your actions against the majority of us are unjustifiable. In short, we hate you
I think John must have had a stroke.  Lucky for him, Congress is exempting themselves from draconian preexisting conditions provision.
It's almost as bad as Trump publicly attacking Sally Yates, a private citizen, before she testifies against him. #facist
You know that ppl have lost all objectivity and are pursuing a propaganda campaign who beg for their life before they've even been executed
Welp, I think we can add your profile pic next to "oblivious" in the dictionary.
I don't understand how you even thought up this ridiculous tweet. People want to PREVENT the loss of healthcare coverage for millions.
So, in order to prevent, we must be proactive. Unlike the GOP, who sat on their asses for years and then came up with a bullshit bill.
Why not? The people are wising up to how our elected representatives only care about filling their pockets.
Objectivity? Says the GOP hack. How do you get those white sheets so bright?
No. The issue is people are HIGHLY CONCERNED when they see how the proposed law is being PUSHED thru by House Republicans without debate.
We can read a bill unlike our Reps Republicans don't like the bill either so stop acting like opponents are crazy. 7 years for this 
Don't be stupid. We rail against it because we don't want it to become law.
Sir, we the people have a right to voice our concerns BEFORE you pass laws. Aren't you supposed to represent the people who elected you?
Are you saying that because that is what GOP basically did to anything President Obama did?
so Y celebrate a #Victory? U R #ProLife exactly how? Denying HCARE 2 MILLIONS of #actualhumanbeings IS #murder n the opposite of slogan
You are demented...have you read the supposed law?  Welcome to your last time representing Texas!
health insurance should be like any other insurance. Should cover the big expenses. You don't file your homeowners to fix a sink
get gov out of the healthcare industry. No constitutional basis. Let's not become Venezuela or France
Good thing you don't consider yourself a Christian or pro-life This bill shows no mercy for the sick & poor  & total disregard for life!
What's wrong with being aware, informed, & concerned about legislation? Better to stop dangerous proposals before they become law.
#OutWithTheOldWhiteGuys
Voting for the AHCA is NOT talking sense to anybody. You vote for it, you own it. I expect better from you.
I'm slowly blocking the @GOP and @TheDemocrats folk that have nothing to add to the debate. So far you've survived. Talk sense on the border
Like you did on the Affordable Care Act?
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
By all you white men without any input by women?
If you're talking about the ACA, it's because it's a horrible bill that will do great harm. We want to prevent disaster!
They rail at what has been presented to them
2. U might find it helpful to get down off your high horse and see what's really happening in TX for us 'regular' peeps.
That's because you're lying before the law has been enacted!
@gamma3999 my thoughts exactly
This is not sounding very businesslike. You need to refocus on your constituents and figure out how to be a Senator. Who do you rep? Texans.
1. Say what? U represent ME. It is my obligation to tell YOU that I am dissatisfied with the job u are doing.
That's the point-to prevent it being enacted.  My goodness.  This is not only the opaque administration but also the obtuse.
Listening to talking heads on Sunday "news" shows makes obvious they were all singing from same propaganda song sheet.
Be honest. Yes, the AHCA passed the house.  Tell us about it and what your plans are.  Don't be so condescending to your constituents.
Hypocrite! If we are railing against it in its current form, it's because we disapprove of it as much as we disapprove of you! Shame!
Good point JC, we should remain quiet about bad legislation until it's actually law, then complain about it.  Makes perfect sense....
A law doesn’t have to be enacted to be inhumane.
clearly you are part of the propaganda
Do you suppose that is any reflection of people's trust that you will do right by us?
Yeah, cause letting you know AFTER it's been passed would be so HELPFUL.
There is no objectivity when fighting on all sides for your child to thrive #specialneeds #sheispreexingconditions
The GOP is constantly sticking it to people, day after day. There is no care in AHCA as written. Insult on top of injury will not stand.
It is not a matter of objectivity when politicians deliberately take advantage of the population. It disallowing bullying to become accepted
Referring to AHCA? Responding to a poorly written, money rather than healthcare need basis bill before it is law is called democracy for US.
You all look like horrible evil hypocritical buffoons:stop acting like you care about anything but big pharma and tax cuts for millionaires
It's called speaking out against a direct threat to America's health and safety so it isn't enacted, you twit.

#SwampOfLiars
Not a propaganda campaign! Just facts & experience w/ GOP legislation. Have to make noise BEFORE, even then you lie & don't care
just the democratic process at work, senator. you will be seeing more examples of it before too long.
We're trying to prevent you from enacting it !
Maybe cuz u elected a nutbag as POTUS & GOP has shown NO respect for poor, women or elderly? I AM your constituent.
Way to show respect for your constituents' concerns. 
It's still objective to be upset that your representative voted for a bad bill. Law or not the contents of the bill are disagreeable.
If people don't speak up against bad proposed laws then what hope is there after they are enacted @JohnCornyn?
Sound familiar to what your party did when ACA was being enacted; but at least, the budget office was allowed to give the public data.
That's right! How dare we check multiple sources, check the biases of said sources & then make up our own minds?
If we don't get vocal now, you will not feel guilty about being a sell and out. So yes, we are vocal, are you listening???!!!
I just.. the hypocrisy is astounding.
If one person loses their healthcare because of this bill then you should forfeit your healthcare #LeadByExample
AARP IS AGAINT IT SO.... are you belittling the AARP?
starting to have enough of it as well. this latest incident made me realize a lot. those screaming "ppl are going to die!" - unreasonable.
Why on earth would people be so scared to act in such a way? You know this is fear right. Why are we afraid and what are you doing to help?
UR buddies shouldn't have been having Budweiser 2 celebrate cutting millions of Americans Insurance! Ur just as guilty. Stirrer of the pot!
Sounds awfully familiar...
The government needs to be more transparent as to what exactly the bill entails ..unfortunately that won't happen
The reality is the insurance companies are controlling all of healthcare
It's because we know EXACTLY how you and your GOP klan are going to vote on the bill.. That's why we're already fighting back.. #Resist #ACA
n they shud b4 it bcomes law
Have YOU read it?
kinda like republicans over the ACA passing the house previously?
Nope. Just want to ensure that the Senate are more humane and caring than the House bill was.
Sort of like the victory lap @POTUS 45 took?
((Johnny, fire the person who writes your tweets. They suck, and do you no favors))
Your hypocrisy knows no limits. Shame on you.
But we have to live with what you pass. You don't. So yes, we have to speak up now & loud.
This makes no sense. So people should only oppose stupid policies AFTER they are enacted?
You step over the injured Samaritan in the road. You have lost your way, Cornyn. Easier for a rich man to go through the eye of a needle...
Maybe a bunch of old white men don't strike us as an objective group to reform healthcare.
Grow up, take responsibility for an unpopular plan. We'll keep using our right to voice anger & hope senate blocks your mistake.
U know The House has lost all objectivity n headed down the path of a propaganda campaign when they agreed to a bill they didn't even READ!
What do you call those who hold a rose garden celebration for a law that has not been enacted? Delusional works for me.
absolute piffle-explain why GOP VOTED a law they hadnt read,nor were we given the opportunity-DESPITE GOP promise to publish laws for 3 days
@MRLew409 Nope. It's just passed one chamber. Nothing to worry about here.
No it means we r trying to enact change to said legislation before the Senate passes it.  Being quiet means we agree with it or don't care.
We are paying attention to all the bills drafted in congress. We will resist.
You make me sick. The hypocrisy that oozes from every word you speak disgusts me. Seriously. Propaganda campaign? Smh. #TryAgain
So now you're offended when your constituents participate in the democratic process? Time to replace you with someone who respects my voice!
Why shouldn't ppl question it BEFORE it becomes a law? I can't wait til you're voted out of office. It can't happen soon enough.
Our President told us we will all have healthcare. How are you going to make that happen, or is it a lie.
This is, of course, why the GOP had no objections to the ACA until it had been enacted.
Only an idiot would wait for a bad bill to become law before railing against it.
Not at all. We the people are being quite sure that the Senate  knows exactly what we think of Trumpcare
If you can't imagine why people might be worried about it, then you don't deserve to be representing them.

- one of your constituents
Kettle calling the pot black. You absolutely will not be obective with Trump. Do what is right for your country, not for party
You know that ppl have lost all self-awareness and are pursuing a propaganda campaign when they hold a party for a bill that hasn't passed
Is that what you call what we did when we tried, in vain, to keep Obamacare from being enacted in the first place?
Actually no. Ppl rail against a law that will be devastating to many if it is enacted. It won't affect you so it's no problem. #2020
Railing against the shameful way Congress is behaving.
Pot.. kettle .. black. Shall I dig up all of the GOP rhetoric from 2009-2010 on Obamacare before its passage?!  #Trumpcare #VoteNoAHCA
I'm sure you'd just prefer us to nod and smile, but that's actually YOUR job. So get to it!!
why are there no women on the committee?
Is it not normal/prudent to advocate against a bill that you do not agree with, Senator? I'm pretty sure that's a big basis of our democracy
BECAUSE WE KNOW HOW TO READ.
Have you ever heard of informed debate, @JohnCornyn? What a moronic post.
What then, Senator, do you think of your GOP colleges in the House and WH holding a victory party in the Rose Garden?
WTF. When it is law, it is too late. Legislative inertia is a killer. Literally in this case.
What an outrageously idiotic statement.
We should wait until it's done and passed before we object?? How did u ever he ejected, that is asinine.
Well turn around is fair play! Please exit Trumps ass single file no pushing!
Pot have you met kettle?? Seriously, you are turning into such a backwards joke....
No. People are reacting to their representatives even drafting that joke - much less passing it! You just DO NOT GET IT JOHN!
Its not propaganda if you tell people exactly how they WILL be screwed by this bill if it does pass and they dont like it.
That would be the best time.  You aren't very bright, are you?
You know you have lost all objectivity when you pursue a disinformation campaign with blatantly idiotic statements. Your target audience?
Just responding to what your side wants to do Senator.  Usually good to derail bad policy BEFORE it becomes law.
Did you think this through? It makes NO sense. Seems to me protests pre law are more effective, as they may keep the law from ever passing.
What difference does it make?  When we OVERWHELMINGLY opposed Betsy DeVos's appointment as Secretary of Education it didn't matter to you.
Exaclty... GOP a few years ago. Remember Death Panels?
And, yes..we hate the ahca. Absolutely evil!
That's bc I can read Senator.
Yeah, and when they rally for a law for things it doesn't do. Hypocrite!!
The same can be said about a bunch of corporate uncaring shills who get together and celebrate over said law that hasn't been enacted. Dolt.
You have lost your objectivity Senator. Your support of Trump extremism in all aspects from healthcare to immigration will be remembered.
@tedcruzsenate @GOP @PRyan John, are you and Ted and all other elected Republicans going to repeal and replace your Health Care coverage?
You're the propaganda sir!
So, what you're saying is, we have no input into the lawmaking process and are only allowed to respond after a bad law is implemented?
Perhaps because leadership has lost any benefit of the doubt it might have had.
Democrat or Republican doesn't matter. Everyone there is bought and paid for by insurance companies and big business.
As you won't hold town halls or take the 1000s of constituent calls into consideration when voting, we don't TRUST you to do what is right.
the people are railing against the fact that their "Representatives" voted for poorly crafted legislation instead of #improvingACA
It's called Democracy Senator
To make a point that the Senate disavow it
John, i believe that we are smart enough to draw conclusions about what has already been passed in the house.
We shouldn't come out against an ongoing process to take insurance from millions and slash medicaid until after the damage is done. Absurd.
