In other words everyone from 0-350% FPL will get a tax credit to buy private health insurance. https://twitter.com/johncornyn/status/878609309998952448 …
Source? Your constituents deserve the truth, the whole truth.  What is the impact on the Texas economy?
Can you lay out the average tax cut for family of four at FPL and the average cost of health insurance coverage for that family per year?
Under the Senate version, 2021 is when Medicaid’s transformation begin. The expansion, which provided coverage to 11M would be phased out.
I think your math is wrong and don't understand how taking insurance from 11M is adding coverage for 2.5M.
Interesting that you used the word "potentially". I can potentially climb Mt Everest but it's more likely that I'll die trying.
Do you mean 2.5m more than currently? Or 2.5m higher than negative 24m net effect of the bill? These are not the same number, after all.
lies. Lies. Lies. GOP lies. Straight up lies.
Can you even tell the truth anymore?
Senator How do you tap dance around Ron Brownstein's comment?
Can you be anymore full of crap? I'll be voting for your opponent in '20.
78213
Ummm no. Tax breaks for the wealthy. Say it like it is.  #MedicaidMatters
"Potentially"? Pffft. Wanna bet? #BCRA
This is very misleading.  People are getting coverage taken away and replaced with minimal tax credits that only help minor situations.
This is total lie. The bill strips coverage and caps care, which will devastate millions. You're delivering a $600B tax cut to the wealthy.
Millions of middle class & poor will be without much, if any health care if O-Care is left like DEMS wrote it.
You mean, if Republicans keep sabotaging it.
Stop with the lies!  Poor Americans cannot afford to buy insurance coverage then wait until end of year for a lousy tax credit.  #BadBill
What about those who earn too much for this credit but not enough for the rich people credit? That's a lot of your constituency.
No...just 2 1/2 million getting a tax credit that might help cover 1/10th the cost of a descent insurance plan
Alternative facts. Cause people living under FPL wont need tax credit for insurance they will need i for FOOD, UTILITIES, GAS TO WORK
When are the hearings scheduled for EXPERT testimony on the bill and for public debate? ...Instead of unsourced tweets.
So you agree people covered is a good metric? What say you when CBO comes out?
No no no no no
Liar
Tax credit come AFTER premiums have been paid. Poor people can't pay premiums.
A HA!
Oh dear.. I think you need to get a peer reviewed for your number person 
But covering fewer Americans than Obamacare at your most optimistic reckoning.

A BIG step backwards.
Great. Potentially add 2 1/2 million (through tax credits), and kick 24 million off. You're a real hero!
Tax credits don't work. I'm a young, ex republican Texas woman, and I'm going to do everything to kick you out of office. ASAP.
But will it be enough to buy decent coverage. And keep up with increases.
but...if they have a preexisting condition they are out of luck.
Unless they are sick. It won't be enough.
Remind us again how many people in nursing homes are hurt?  More than half? With no way to make income to make it up. But they don't vote
Oh that is a cynical misrepresentation. People below 100% get full coverage in states that had half a brain and expanded Medicaid. Heartless
Tax credits do not work for people struggling to feed their families.
Lie. 23 million loose insurance.  You are making it all up on the fly. So this is why you kept it so secret
covering less people will produce more of a result? Did I read that right? I mean it could be true, but it sure isn't intuitive if it is.

in fact, why should the ER be allowed? Is that not a form of healthcare? If you want to argue that medicine is not a right, be consistent.
either it is a right, or it is not. Unless I hear a very good explanation why there should be a third option, saying otherwise is cowardice.
you know, instead of retweeting a chain, which is very annoying, you can reply to your own post, which is significantly less awful.
Stop! You are gutting Medicaid. GUTTING MEDICAID to give tax credits TO THE ALREADY RICH!
Tax credit does not = coverage and u know it.Same way "access" does not = coverage.Bill cuts 25% off Medicaid. Will hurt the most vulnerable
Really cause before that happens 25 million will lose their insurance. I hope your family never has to experience this bullshit
Sorry you are not fooling anyone!
Bullshit ... current threshold is 400%. Lowering it to 350% will not cover more people. Just admit you enjoy killing Americans.
How do you sleep at night?
Potentially? Says who? What's your source? Is this before/after the 23M lose coverage as stated by the CBO?

#SwampOfLiars
Is  this the CBO score ?  If not  you cannot possibly know this to be true .
Potentially? What an intentionally vague bait & switch
Pote tislly ending your career in politics, you Trump stooge. It's a LIFE-KILLING healthcare bill so you won't have to worry about jobs. NO.
why are you not focusing on potus not doing anything on the Russia attack???
This is an absolute god damned lie and you know it.
Maybe he's talking unwanted pregnancies after they kill Planned Parenthood?
The only folks buying this drivel are folks who don't need a tax credit but will get a huge tax break on the backs of sick,poor and elderly.
Fake news!
We want a bill with no lifetime caps, no cuts to medicaid, no raise in premiums due to preexisting conditions, no high risk pools
... and stop the bullshit war on Planned Parenthood. Law already stops tax funds toward abortion. Defunding PP only hurts women's healthcare
REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! THEN replace, replace, replace!
I'd really like to know how you are working the numbers to come up with these "facts".
there's great potential for mediocre results yall!
Stop enriching the ins. And drug cos. Think about the PEOPLE. Country over party.
BS

Unless the tax credit is inversely proportional to the % FPL, you're basically giving rich people a tax break.
I'm 64 years old.  I take care of mom at home. How much will I pay for the ahca?
first TAX CREDITS r worthless to poor & disabled. Second, tiny tax credit for HUGE increase in premiums & lifetime caps-NO DEAL!
From the 23M uncovered lives in the Congress's version, still leave 20M+ uncovered. All so you can give $800B to the top 5% of America.
Assuming they make enough to file, and until April 15 they are fronting the Gov the money with minimal payback...Brilliant
Health care is NOT a right! GET OUT of the insurance market!
Will the super icy get this tax credit and their huge, greedy, tax break, that future generations of children will have to pay 4?
A credit for something they still won't be able to afford. Screw the elderly and children and more tax cuts for your rich donors. Classic.
What part of getting a tax break when you make $18000/year before taxes will make when you're insurance costs 220 a month?

This so-called healthcare bill is an indefensible scam - quit attempting to defend it and actually do what's right for Texans & America.
You mean 2 1/2 million less than the 23 million the CBO scored would LOSE healthcare n the House Bill. You, sir, are a disciple of the devil
How much cool aid did you drink??
CORNYM is a sick liar and a Trump cult member.
and taking more of my money in the process making it harder to raise my family
Minus the 24 million who will lose their health coverage. #clueless
When will GOP wise up & do a CLEAN REPEAL! This would cut all bad parts & force Dems to pass bills for worthy issues!
is that based on the yet CBO score @MSNBC @indtx36 @IndivisibleTeam @DFWIndivisible
And as long as there are no #PreexistingCondition #SaveACA #Resistance #ResistTrumpcare
Stop spining and lying this is not healthcare this a tax cut with health care CEO getting big bucks from tax payers
Under Cornyn's BCRA insurance plan, the more money you earn from your employer, the more you will pay for insurance! https://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2017/06/23/republican-senate-healthcare-bill-creates-scary-marginal-tax-rates/amp/ …
just.stop.talking.
you evidently have not understood what you read. Start over, and then tweet. @txlege @txdemwomen better, explain at a Town Hall
But the poor don't pay taxes.. how does this work in real life? Example please.
You are so far removed from reality it's stunning. You are out of touch with your constituents and it shows w/ every tweet.
Only politicians care about tax breaks for insurance
So it's doing the same thing Obamacare did but now it's supposed to be a good? So much for those free market principles 
BCRA will kill Medicaid for working poor in multiple states:
BCRA will eliminate mental health coverage for many Americans.
BCRA will lead to cuts in long-term care for low-income seniors in nursing homes.
BCRA will drive up costs for older Americans by as much as 5x:
Coverage does not equal affordability. Sure I can buy mansion but I can't afford it. Same thing with this trash piece of legislation.
BCRA will allow states to reduce coverage for pre-existing conditions:
@GOP BCRA punishes those with disabilities:
Such a fckin liar.
Not a chance the tax credit will cover the cost of private insurance and you know it.  Disingenuous to the max, Senator!
Omg no because more people got the tax credit under #ACA, so I think you meant "less" not "more"
You will potentially have a job in 2021. #CanCornyn20
But what about pre-existing conditions?!  We won't be afford it so we will be uninsured them too
Tax credits do not translate to cash in hand to buy insurance with. Full repeal!
Remember when TSU cancelled John Cornyn's speech last month? Good times!
You know this isn't true. Please don't take away our health care.
You know Medicaid funds rural healthcare you know this is a lie. You know you are picking tax cuts over the disabled the elderly & the young
Where do you find all these trolls senator?
The problem: it also allows for waivers for Essential Health Benefits, which means more people might be covered, but with junk insurance.
Watch the John Grisham movie "The Rainmaker" to see what this looks like! It's supposed to be fictional, but it's too close to real life.
STOP THE BRAZEN LYING! Your constituents know better! And now we just need to be rid of you! 2020
But if it doesn't cover didlysquat what's the point? If too poor to buy insurance or pay taxes, there is no tax credit.
Sure. And DJT never mocked a disabled guy. And Comey better hope there aren't tapes! And climate change is a hoax. Lies upon lies upon lies.
John - you want to discuss things like coverage limitations or just keep up the farce that your "coverage" will be worth anything?
you keep telling one lie after another to sell your bad product. We are smart consumers we are not buying your lies.
Do you THINK we cannot read and understand what we are reading? That is some wishful potentialling there, senator. STOP insulting us.
But we know this isn't actually true. In order for you to stop lying to us, we need you to stop lying to yourself.
This bill will do FAR more harm than good. No two ways about it. Listen to your constituents and not your big money donors for once.
And honestly, the only good to come out of this will be in the form of major tax cuts for the wealthy. This naked greed is going to cost you
I don't even have words to argue with the stupidity in this statement of yours.  I'll just let the CBO argue instead.
Total BS.
Blatant bullshittery, senator.
CBO > Career politician estimate
Stop outright lying. Stop depending on people not reading or understanding the bill. I’ve saved this for when the CBO score is published.
Just saying whatever you want to be true, confusing the debate and relying on rabid partisan allegiance is the disgraceful GOP normal
Ha! The GOP norm? You so funny! Good one!
CASTRO for Senator 2020!
It's not only about coverage- it's about the quality of the coverage, too- and the cost.
had a splash of bourbon, have you?
I'm thinking 3 fingers of it at least. Probably disguised in his coffee mug...don't want to upset the evangelicals ya know.
Interesting number... The same number if all states expanded Medicaid. 
Depends on the credit relative to cost of insurance.  Likely won't buy much of anything in your world
At increased cost and reduced coverage and caps, especially harmful to poor, old, and sick.
Are you claiming the Senate bill will result in more Americans being covered by healthcare?
Tax credit of how much? Unless you can guarantee the credits will cover the costs of insurance, you can't credibly make that claim. #faulty
Do you trust MSM?
Thank you Senator
"Potentially" doesn't cut it. Coverage w/ high deductibles, no mandatory coverage, lots of exceptions is a bad deal & you know it.
Any chance you want to make a money bet whether you are even 10 million close to the CBO estimate?
But the cost of your wealth care act will be prohibitively high, so they won't.
In your imagination, maybe, but what's on paper says differently.
Liar
So you're standing alone on this pillar of "more people will be covered"?  Liar. Bullshit artist. #worstsenatorinusa
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
It seems fitting that, with the #TrumpCare debate raging, I got this bill in the mail today from Ethan's most recent open heart surgery. 
I was going to post this same thread, thank you for doing it!
