Because it leaves most of Obamacare in place. https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/877909907550240768 …
What's sad is you and your party.
How is this entitlement reform when they are giving 15B to insurances?  Gov is still in the Health Care
No good Christian who cares about poor people will vote for it.
Because this was created in secret behind closed doors and you didn't even get to read it till this week. This is a disaster of legislation
Have you read it?
He wrote it. Make no mistake. @JohnCornyn loves this bill and loves handing his donor class big tax breaks on the backs of the poor
I was asking John D Ortiz if he read it ... you too Martha
Yes I did! All 147 pages.
Lol - what is more pathetic than sad- a U.S. senator trying to mimic the twitter style of his puppet master.  Grow a pair!  Ur a Texan!
Get back to free market health care.. government intrusion is the problem.
You know what you can do with your free market?
Yes we do! Survive & thrive. Healthcare coverage is not a right. Earn it like we've been doing since its inception. Free = abuse
Tell me how my 18 month old client with autism "earns" his therapy services.
I hope he has parents
What part of life time caps and Pre existing conditions is unclear for you? He'll be spent out before he's 10, uninsurable as an adult.
You have heard of Medicaid haven't you? I see special needs kids on it every day in my practice with no cap
Have you read the senate bill? It cuts Medicaid to pieces!
So you already know the CBO score?  Please share with your constituents, Senator, how this is a "not bad" bill.
Are you seriously using "sad!" in your tweets now? It reads like the cover of a tabloid.
I don't blame the Democrats for not voting on the health care bill. Wake up and get a back bone. Your signature hurts Americans.
What about the #FullRepeal that all #GOP ran on??????
Re-install cuts to medicaid, eliminate tax cuts for the top 1%, and use that money to help those in need. You will have del votes.
Don't start writing like 45... pls. I beg of you.
We have not perfect, but not bad. You had years to consider how to fix it. Sad that you didn't choose to work toward perfect with the Ds.
Repeal the whole thing or fix.   This is half assed.
Really? Is this how senators communicate now? Thats whats really "sad"
It is still a tax cut for the elite and the companies paying for your seat in the Senate John. You're doing your constituents a disservice.
Healthcare is a human right, Senator, even if the Koch brothers tell you something different.
Because they give a shit about the 22 mil who will lose their healthcare. Someone has to; you clearly don't.
How are older people suppose those premiums in five years? After 46 we're all screwed by this plan. How do u sleep at night?
You will not be re elected if you vote for this tax cut for the rich that Rs have meanly called a healthcare plan!
And it's not bad; it's absolutely terrible. It's a tax cuts for the wealthy disguised as healthcare. You are harming your own constituents.
your plan is not about health care. and there are importance Republican Senators who are also opposed, now that's sad
#FullRepeal
Entitlement reform always seems to cut taxes for the rich. Have you ever noticed that?
I'll answer for you - No, you are incapable to notice
It is horrible and shame on you for selling your constituents out. We won't forget. Don't get comfortable in DC
@BillKristol hypocrit! U believe in entitlements for rich! Poor people r not all mooches. Ur constituents deserve better! 2020
Whats with talking like Trump sad Its make the rich richer and triple our costs and put caps on everyone but your self
Actually the bill lowers coverage cost for millennials.
Good it makes sure I will never have healthcare
Lol, well I guess our discussion will have to be put on hold until cbo report.  Until then were just speculating.
I sure the cbo will be glowing
Radioactive, that is...
I can't tell if your trying to be funny or serious...
The house bill cbo report had 23 million Americans losing access to care. How many are you hoping for with the senate bill?

Put your straw down, you've snorted enough Koch. #CanCornyn20 #NoAHCA #NoTrumpCare #NoBCRA
316 replies. I counted about 20 that supported the bill.
Senator ask the vile @BillKristol how that Iraq War is doing .
@tedcruz 

Daily reminder...

Americans Favoring:

ObamaCare (ACA) - 51%
TrumpCare (AHCA) 17%

Remember who you work for!!
Cuts to Medicaid & SSI put disabled and elderly sick on the street.  They will die without care. What you do to the least you do to God.
Oppse the #ADCA. #Americandeathcareact
Due to a job with no HC I never had it.  My last 3 years I have gotten treatment for anxiety and 2 ER trips.  Sucks to lose. Ft. Worth, TX
Just repeal the whole monster Obamacare.
. @JohnCornyn Calls new healthcare bill “major entitlement reform.” Aim clearly is to make cuts, not “fix” ACA.
Not perfect but not bad. And it is major entitlement reform.  No D will vote for it.  Sad! https://twitter.com/billkristol/status/878780390105853953 …
Sorry to break it to you, but tossing 24 million Americans off their health insurance is "bad."
Major entitlement meaning the rich are entitled to more tax breaks while the rest of us are entitled to no healthcare. Yep.
ACA wasn't/isn't perfect but instead of working to improve, you scrap & replace with a tax cut bill because..Obama. Disgraceful
They won't vote for it because its just a tax cut for the rich
Work till it's perfect!
No D will vote for it b/c you people won't work together. Has nothing to do with the bill, which is no ACA replacement. Both parties suck
Omg! Cornyn's twitter feed is quoting Trump! WTF! Now we know Texas is screwed.
Why not fix what we have instead of coming up with an even worse plan? What kind of sense does that make?
Your Senator are heartless. You don't care about good healthcare legislation you care only for a partisan win. That's SAD
No R should vote for it. Total repeal or just let Obama Care implode.  Government should get out of health care completely.
People of Texas! We need to remember that Cornyn works for party and personal gain when he comes up for reelection! Vote him out! Remember!
No Democrat will vote for it because they actually want to do right by their constituents.
You guys are not looking to fix anything. You're looking for a fight and you have found one
No D will vote because it is BAD!
How about open insurance marketplace across state lines government get out of healthcare
Not bad?  You get ovaries & get back to me.
Serious question: does this bill require us all to pay for insurance, but doesn't require coverage be provided?
All the things we (your constituents) complained about Obama care have been made worse by your bill!
Looks like Trump hacked into your Twitter account and is now sending out Tweets posing as you.
How will you answer your God when he asks about what you did for humanity sir?
U lined ur pockets w/big pharma money & sold ur constitutes   healthcare out for ur own power hungry greed. You put #DonorsOverVoters #Sad
Major "entitlement" reform = major tax cut for the uberwealthy. R only care about the rich. So absolutely correct, no D will support.
Typical, bright boy, wrong again. IT IS BAD. It's a KILL BILL not a healthcare bill.
Nothing less than full repeal of ACA and govt out of healthcare.
So you going to tell people who picks up the tab for all the ER visits w/no insurance that are going to skyrocket if this passes?
TAXPAYERS!
"Not bad" is the best you can do? Sad!
We are the joke of civilizations. Pathetic, sad, selfish assholes. Universal, single payer is the only caring solution. Murderer.
It kills Americans and you say it's "not bad".  Wow. You must really hate Americans. Why are you here if you hate this country so much.
How many republicans vote for democratic ideas? Hypocrisy
Goddammit, when will you start working for the people of Texas instead of undermining our interests at every turn for your party agenda?
Why can't you repeal and replace. Do your JOB!
for fuck's sake, use your damn words. don't talk like that criminal (IMO) you elected with a 4th grade vocabulary
It's bad legislation. If you had the capacity for shame, you would have already known that.
If I understand correctly, Several Rs not into it either... that is "sad"
@BillKristol 23 mil will lose coverage so the wealthy can pocket $800 bil. Beyond sad, it is malpractice.
Current approval rate of D's and R's for your plan? 16%. Why are you so thick you can't see that? Your approval rate? 28%.  You're a failure
He is morphing into Trump
Gov has no business in healthcare. Gov is not the answer. REPEAL OBAMACARE, every last word!
So, it's ok for people to go Bankrupt because they get sick?
So it's OK for the gov to steal peoples money & give it to some one else? Bankrupting the working person? You're OK w that?
Steal from the working man? How the fuck are they stealing? Your thinking of for profit medical and RX companies
Some of us view too much taxation as theft. When the gov bankrupts working people to pay for those who won't work. Yes, theft.
Too much taxation as theft? Well lower miliary spending to reasonable levels. Govt is for ALL people not top 1%
Military protects all of us, not top 1%. NKorea aiming nukes at us & we have no effective missile defense, cut budget? C'mon Greg.
Really? USA spends more on military than the entire rest of the world, COMBINED! NKorea has ZERO capability to launch nukes at USA
Fraud!  Filled your pockets and those of your donors. Corp ins and big pharm. left your constituents abandoned and dying. Despicable John!!
you are sad that you hate a black president so much you are willing to kill Americans and give the rich tax cuts
Health insurance doesn't do you much good if it doesn't pay for prescription medicine.  You have condemned me to a painful death.
If you ever took your constituents' phone calls, you would know not to vote for it, either.
Wow Trump has gotten to you. Using his words SAD
All except for the actual coverage & costs. Other than that, it's the same!
Just wondering-do you and Donnie share a tweet writer?  You are sounding more & more like him in you 'sad' tweets blaming others
Ted Cruz better get on board.we need to pass this #BACKOURPRESIDENT
Not bad?? "Let’s not mince words. This bill will close hospitals. . . .People will die.”  --Bruce Siegel,
president of rural hospitals ass'n
Let Heller and Collins vote no. Work with Rand Paul and Mike Lee. Less Gov.More Personal Responsibility !!
It will leave people dead
You're sad. Gut Medicaid & give tax cuts to millionaires. Cruel & evil
I'm a nurse I work in a behavioral health hospital...what is going to happen to the mentally ill? We protect our communities with Medicaid $
It is a shift in dollars from middle class and poor to the super wealthy.  Children disabled elderly self employed and part time Ur Sad
So you admit your comparing pages between bills is a sumo metric?
What didn't you invite any Dems while drafting the bill?
Wow, u even sound like Trump. Sad. And I love how u promote the bill. "It's not bad".  Like meh, it's the best we could do guys
you are beginning to sound like trump, just saying.
That is a LIE.  You are love killing people don't you.  That way, you get to pocket what they do not spend and pay off your mercedes & yacth
ACA is still better than what Republicans offer.

Maybe you should think about that.
From this side of the ocean, your new health bill looks incredibly badly thought through. Your poor countrymen to have such poor leadership!
@BillKristol you are the sad gutless wonder.
Senator, your rote copying of a mental patient (Sad!) shows your lack of connection to actual voters. Goodbye to you in the next election.
Entitlement for whom @JohnCornyn ?
Can't just pull the rug out have to slowly ween everyone that's capable of working off the Govts tit !
Anyone who supports this GOP bill that gives wealthy ppl tax cuts at the expense of the sick & poor lives is evil. Fact.
You're sounding more like the guy whose ass you've got your head up
. Why be like trump. Be your own man. Have your on tweet nonscience. #confefe
Dear Senate,
Stop with the cut&paste of O-care already. Quit trying to take the lazy way out by putting a fresh coat of lipstick on that pig
Yea we will be entitled to pay even more thousands of dollars for coverage if we are lucky to be eligible& poor lose HC. Entitlements smh...
D's won't vote for it because it is garbage.
John Cornyn, would you buy a policy under Trumpcare?? Of course not! Why do you expect the rest of us to buy this? BTW, killing Medicaid?Bad
John Cornyn = another useless Texas politician who I regrettably voted for more than once
It's cutting care for the old and sick so we can give tax cuts to the already-rich. It's immoral and "mean." And you'll vote for it. Sad!
Thank God for the  Dems! It sucks.
No D will vote for it because it's a shitty bill.
You are a disgrace to our state of TX! Shame on you for representing only the rich and wanting to take healthcare away from Americans! 
It takes away many of the best parts! #AHCA not #ReformAndRetain, you're trying to #Repeal promise of quality. Your representation is #sad!
Remember Watergate? Forty were indicted and spent some time in prison.
Murder for money
Not bad for whom?  If it really is good, why y'all hiding it and no hearings, no debate?  #hellervoteNO #CornynOut
Healthcare should not be considered an entitlement unless you are ready to tell people they are too poor to live.
People will die due to your "entitlement reform." Have you no decency?
He's cozying up to a pussy grabber & someone who dreamt of killing old people in college, so he literally has NO decency. 
Having a good time up in Colorado with your overlords? Get your ass back down to the Lone Star and come talk to your constituents, John.
You're a failure.Leave the senate. Maybe expanded Medicare is the answer. Give it a chance. It works everyplace place else & cheaper.
Coward
you don't care if patients die as long as you get compliments from multi-millionaire Fox News hosts
@BillKristol Have you actually read the damn thing?  And I think you just fawned  over Trump by employing a "sad". Try pathetic.
What's sad is that u seem so gleeful about denying healthcare 2 millions. Please take the $ u r making for participating in this & go away.
Your idiotic embrace of trumpism is SAD! People being thrown off HC and rural hospital closing is also SAD ! You enjoying it is THE SADDEST!
What's sad is how you are screwing us baby boomers charging us five times more. You are a criminal! #TrumpCareSucks
Not perfect is an understatement. SAD is that you are normalizing this sham of an attempt to divert more money into deep pockets.
Trump has perverted the meaning of the word sad. What's *actually* sad is all the kids with cancer that will suffer under this bill.
Major entitlement reform is right. Rich donors entitled to tax cuts. Struggling and elderly entitled to die quickly.
Sad! You think only people who can afford good healthcare should have it. Dark Heart Johnny.
What's sad is that you are trying to convince people this dreck benefits then when it really just sells them out. You're a fraud.
It's cruel, will prohibit my 17-year old daughter from getting healthcare, private or from Medicaid. You are a horrible person.
Aww..look at ya, John..talking like your big orange boss does..How about you get your greedy hands off Medicaid and then maybe D's will help
You're happily promoting a bill that will leave 10s of thousands dead from preventable causes in 2026 alone. This is modern eugenics.
GOP is working to have strongest possible serfs over time. DeVos will insure stupidity, Sessions - compliance.
Add a side of "kill the weak," instigate violence against the "undesirables," and they're partying like it's 1938.
It leaves a skeleton of Ocare, which your base hates. But it also dismantles much of Medicaid which is not going to end well.
REPEAL OBAMACARE AS PROMISED! NO MORE EXCUSES! REPEAL w/NO REPLACEMENT!
I'm glad they won't. It's an immoral bill that only provides tax breaks to millionaires & billionaires. Quit lying & twisting the truth
No decent God loving man would do this to the poor. You are a mean man.
This tweet is sad. What a disgrace. Have some respect for the high office you hold. Child.
It's...pretty bad. I mean, the only thing that gives a hope of insurance companies sticking in markets they are abandoning are bribes.
Why don't you throw a bone -- Nationwide public or quasi-judicial absolutely catestrophic coverage that anyone can buy.  Kicks in at $25k.
You'd give insurance companies a real incentive to go into all markets since they wouldn't want the govt plan to become defacto single payer
Massively evil way to kill kids who are cancer patients with new coverage caps. 
Meanwhile, the Rich get Richer.
If it is 75% Obamacare, its still Obamacare.  Why don't you people do what was promised during the campaign?
I know you guys think that talking like trump will make you popular. You are all destined for defeat. Him and you.
Trump ran on a platform that promised to PRESERVE Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security.

No one voted for entitlement reform.
Why not actually fix what needs fixing instead of ramming nonsense through in an arbitrary timeframe? Sad!
Because it will kill more people than it helps!
You want to "reform" Medicaid the way a wrecking ball "reforms" a building.
Not perfect? It's not even a health care bill. It's a tax cut for the rich bill.
Whoever is doing Cornyn's tweets needs to get w @tedcruz. At least Cruz's questionable social media gets coverage and doesn't parrot Trump.
"Reform"= massive cuts that will leave millions without coverage including disabled kids, the poor, sick, and elderly.
Maybe because they think healthcare bills should be about healthcare access for all not about tax breaks for the wealthiest? Crazy I know 
Dumbing down your vocabulary and spending hours on Twitter won't make the president like you.
@BillKristol it's shit John! Too many restrictions to the free market!!
7yrs of "repeal & replace" promises for bill that makes ACA worse, & all you can do is shrug your shoulders & say "Not perfect but not bad"
You can say that about a mediocre attempt at grilling a sirloin--not when you have the American healthcare systm & econmy under your pen 2/2
Sad!??? Sounding more and more like your hero DJT
Every day @JohnCornyn says or does something horrific! Now your vocabulary is falling into an abyss! Your aca = murder! #TownHall #lastTerm
Pure hate
I want total repeal without penalties. The 3% that can't get coverage the state's could pick up. The rest of us Had good plans before this
No public hearings and no debate on a bill that impacts 1/6th of our economy?  Can't know how bad it really is.
not bad?  I'd hate to see what how you define "bad"
SHAME ON ALL OF YOU!!!
Stealing from most needy Americans to pay for a tax break for wealthiest Americans is not bad? Like not bad dragging handicapped from Senate
How many Texas rural hospitals will fail for tax cuts for the wealthy? And, jobs lost in a Texas for these tax cuts?
You think 'wealthy' ppl are On our Health CARE? Delusional at best. Read it for yourself, it's not going to force a penalty on us if we dont
Yes it is. Mandate was added.
Tax cuts for the wealthy means millions lose coverage. How many lives will be lost for tax cuts for the wealthy?
Are you high?
Not perfect. Also not acceptable. We're watching & we vote.
You need to lower the COST OF CARE, it's key to entitlement reform. No R will vote for it b/c it requires govt regulation of private sector
"Not bad," seriously? Sure, we'll just kill all the poor and seriously ill people!
It does nothing to reduce cost. Every advantage should be give to lower cost. If not I'm not voting for anyone that passes it
You are at least right about the entitlement reform.
@BillKristol - "entitlement reform" - all citizens entitled to HC? Or no? Trick question (pathetic wannabe act to use Sad!)
