How each senator voted to confirm Tom Price as health and human services secretary. https://www.govtrack.us/congress/votes/115-2017/s61 …
It's surprising what people will approve when a nominee is qualified, educated, & intelligent. Vote NO if conditions NOT met!
For all the negatives about Obama that Republicans yelled about, he did surround himself with quality people. Unlike @POTUS
.@JohnCornyn the parties have not usually been separated by "working for constituents" and "working for themselves".
.@JohnCornyn, historically, Supreme Court nominees haven't been blocked by obstructionist Repub Senators.  You are a hypocrite.  #Resign!
These have not historically been nominees dedicated to undoing the departments they're supposed to lead.
You should be able to figure out why they are now.
, There is nothing typical in what is going on now.
<- 51 follower sock puppet @JohnCornyn
Why the name- calling?
I am tired of seeing ONE person with 100 accounts swarming a tweet. You have no followers, you tweet 24/7 hate. Paid troll.
But you failed our school children on a thin party line vote.  Collins and Murkowski only seeing to preserve support at home.
this is the product of Donald Trump uniting our country. Grand, isn't it?
No, but you wouldn't take phone calls against the nominees, so...
.@JohnCornyn That's because they have not historically been so blatantly unqualified. #txlege #TheResistance
Dems suck their thumbs & throw temper tantrums is what they do - because elections have consequences. And Dems lost.
Sure they/we are. Bless your heart.
today to find out. 32 mile trip because you won't answer phones. Can I write that off?
I have been a member of Republican party for 42 yrs of voting life. Issues and facts matter. What do you got?
Historically Senators visited their districts and held town halls.
these are historically bad picks for cabinet positions. Also, I called you of my own volition. I will vote against you in 2020.
When are not unqualified oligarchs they get bipartisan support  (Mattis) #SwampCabinet
because previous nominations have been vetted and qualified. Betsy DeVos is the worst nomination ever.
Maybe it's because the Trump noms aren't qualified and it's only the Dems who have the guts to say so.
These have historically not be such exceptionally unqualified, under-vetted or just flat bad for the country nominees.
Maybe because these have historically not been awful (Education) and racist (AG) nominees? #shepersisted #shewillpersist
these have been historically unqualified nominees. Hold town halls, please.
@govtrack If votes shouldn't be party line, then maybe your future votes should be against unqualified candidates .@BetsyDeVos
oh look, here's @JohnCornyn being a hypocrite again as he complains about Democratic partisanship when he has no problem w/ GOP partisanship
Two words
Merrick Garland
Joe Biden rule
historically insider trading has been disqualifying---DO YOUR JOB
it wouldn't be if the nominees weren't corrupt or unqualified
historically the democrat party was not 100% radical...started in 1960s and has only grown in radicalism.
Historically we haven't had such unqualified nominees.
We haven't had a historically bad collection of cabinet nominees before.
The radical left have gotten worse these 8 years. They use smoke & mirrors to make themselves appear larger than they are.
Not radical left, but approving Devos was irresponsible. Public Ed is my heart issue. Cornyn didn't represent me.
historically a president has put forward qualified nominees, unlike this group. Matthis who is qualified was approved quickly.
@govtrack these are historical times. <shock>  I'm sure you'll notice at some time when your retired #2020watch
.@JohnCornyn historically nominees haven't been this overtly corrupt and incompetent.
usually the party in power has the sense to not put up unqualified people or to sell their votes so blatantly.
Glad you're making such a clear stand with Trump, so you can both go down together.
historically, nominees have not had so many ethics issues you seem to be ignoring.
Because Price is an insider trading crook. It is reprehensible to vote for someone that corrupt.
what does that tell you? Either the Dems have all become Republican-like, or the nominees are a bunch of Asshats! Latter!
With you, its all about the politics & what's in it for @JohnCornyn Try to care a little bitty bit about Texas.
@govtrack I hope U realize U R messing with TX & we all know that's unwise. Can't wait for U 2 come back 2 town. We need to talk
Historically, these haven't been terrible picks. Outside of Tillerson, and Mattis.. Just garbage picks, Especially DeVos.
well, can't say GOP has monopoly on corruption and bad decisions, or voting for corrupt politicians with oath to do no harm.
We've historically had better nominees.
They have also not been so monumentally inappropriate and unqualifiedf.  Your votes will be remembered when I vote.
I'm very tired of you omitting information. Dems would confirm qualified moderate candidates, which Trump's noms are not.
Historically we've had better cabinet picks. Stop toeing the line...
Until the GOP spent 8 years being obstructionist because they didn't like that the president was black. Now there's a line.
they're fighting for us.  You could not care less
we haven't had a party go so far on to one side of the political spectrum, the problem of not walking the middle
Says the guy that has voted for every single nominee.
as said by many ppl -perhaps it is his choices to runout agencies?!
maybe don't nominate individuals who used their office to enrich themselves. Insider trading shouldn't be a GOP ideal.
these have historically been viable candidates not #SwampCabinet @indivisibleATX @tedcruz
Because normally they don't have their own agenda that is opposed to the job.
Price's shady stock deals should have disqualified him if the Republicans cared about ethics.
well in the past Presidents have nominated qualified candidates who weren't trying to dismantle the agencies they were to run.
Historically the nominees have not been under investigation either. You should all be ashamed of yourselves.
HIstory lesson.  The Republicans spent 8yrs proudly being the party of "No".  Bipartisan bridges have been nuked.
.@JohnCornyn That's because, historically, presidents have made attempts to nominate qualified, mainstream candidates for these positions.
@HoustonChron wrote an article about how you're annoyed with the public calls. YOU'RE A PUBLIC SERVANT. #PICKUPTHEPHONESERVANT
Are you looking for sympathy?
Perhaps it is time for Repubs to evaluate how their actions have contributed to this situation.....nay, that won't happen
Historically, cabinet nominees have been qualified and not so ethically challenged.
that's because historically the picks weren't this bad and Republicans wouldn't vote for them.
You will not get my vote!  Pushing through 45 nominees not fully vetted. Bad choice
They are because you Republicans refuse to honorably represent your constituents. That's "constituents" NOT "voters."
We've historically never had a person like this as President.  He does not get a blank check and neither do you.
then why haven't you opposed any! Voters in your state feel some of these noms are bad choices!
@govtrack You had no problem voting in @BetsyDeVos the mindless billionaire - despite the huge nonpartisan outcry against her
makes you wonder if there isn't actually something wrong with them; maybe we should be vetting them, listening to ethics office
These aren't normal times or nominees.
bullshit! Stop trying to compare this to a normal nomination! Stop forcing unqualified candidates on us! #shame
maybe because they were actually qualified?
and what is your point?
you know these are not good nominees. Choosing party over country in fear of midterms and/or Trump, sacrificing Americans. Sad.
Traditionally, the nominees have not been so unqualified and ethically/legally compromised at the same time. We must #resist
@govtrack These have historically been much better nominees.
you're so gone
Dems trying to be relevant voting against solid pvt sector noms giving up $ to serve. Opposite from D's typical pub sector hacks
There have historically been people that didn't have so many conflicts of interest, were ethical, and were educated #CommonSense
Sen Cornhole, keep babbling, so even Texans begin to see that cornholes are BIGGER in TX. PAY for that WALL!
Historically, noms haven't been ethically-devoid alt_fact thieves, idiots (DeVos & Perry), con artists, frauds, OK earthquakes.
So… you’re saying the Senate Republicans don’t usually vote for Appointees who are unqualified or corrupt ?
So why did you vote for DeVos, despite the many calls of your constituents? Party over the people, right?
and your party vote shows you are on the wrong side of history.
because previously the Senate would put country above party & reject unqualified nominees? Why can't you do that now?
Any comments on the real issues: unqualified candidates, Russia ties, mass corruption, lies, and incompetence?
Do you even read these comments?  Rarely ANY that support you.  But maybe your base doesn't have fancy stuff like the interwebz.
These have historically not been such divisive, unqualified nominees.
@govtrack then why did you vote the party line? Shame on you
.@JohnCornyn these historically have not been under-qualified candidates with ethics issues
2020
The historically party line votes are because this cabinet is historically unqualified.
Historically, POTUS's would make appointments with SOME bipartisan appeal. This freak is appointing BIZARRE candidates. Ruinous
With such a major ethics violation on record, this one should not have been either.
All that reaching across the aisle republicans have done has really paid some dividends, huh? Learning anything?
.@JohnCornyn fact check- what a great country - Protect the free press
the nominees have not historically been incompetent and corrupt
never in history have the nominees been so unqualified or with such conflict of interest. Listen to your constituents!
No, bc past administrations nominated qualified people who went through proper vetting. Where's your line for country over party
Was there a party line regarding refusal to hold SCOTUS confirmation hearing for Merrick Garland? Like, I just can't tell 
perhaps ethically challenged nominees dropped out before confirmation votes
you are promoting for the parties interest not for what's best for America
That is because "ideology" has become more important to Democrats than the constitution or a government FOR the people.
Dems are #Destructionist, have no policies, just division that rips at the fabric of our nation. @FoxNews @FoxBusiness
respectfully, sir, if the last 3 weeks have proven anything, it's that we're entering uncharted territory. History won't help...
and yet you continue to vote party line in opposition to your constituents wishes #rememberDeVos2020
these have historically been more qualified candidates
They wouldn't be party line votes this time, if you were doing your job instead of rubber-stamping unqualified nominees.
agreed
Tom Price failed to disclose more than $100,000 in discounted stock. Maybe do your job and ask some meaningful questions, too?
lol
That's what happens when the @potus nominates billionaires unqualified for the job. Your feigned surprise is embarrassing.
Did you see Rep Chaffetz's town hall last night?  You having anything similar soon? We really need to talk.
@govtrack There have NEVER been such historically disqualifying nominees.They're historically against the agencies nominated for
historically the nominees have been QUALIFIED. #UnPresidented
historically, there has never been so many unqualified & unethical hacks up for cabinet positions.  But, keep rubber stamping.
<- Resist account tweeting Trump hate 24/7 sock puppet @JohnCornyn
Trump puppets made a new history Senate sposed 2B great deliberate body.  When will you Bgin 2 rep constituents & not handlers.
Presidents have not historically appointed such unqualified nominees
We historically haven't had a president who appears so unhinged an incompetent to a large portion of the population either.
<- An unhinged liberal who would never vote GOP anyway; just here to troll @JohnCornyn
<- Also an actual constituent of @JohnCornyn ... Are you? @MyPresidentme
When qualified nominees like Mathis and Shulkin, they still aren't.
historically, significantly better nominees without ethical questions have been put up
DO YOUR JOB! DO YOUR JOB! DO YOUR JOB! By which I mean, think critically and not just along these party lines.
<- 45 follower sock puppet @JohnCornyn
#AnswerThePhone #YourTXConstituent Stop ducking us.
