we also need to change our assumptions that teachers stink & don't know their job, & that non-educators should be in charge of ed
48% of public schools are failing according to the government. Something needs to change.
yes, but when the assumption is fix teachers, it's not going to prob solve. We spend little on ed, we don't have counselors
we spend more on ed than any other country in the world per capita. Most on teachers.
actually Switzerland does (per student) at around 15k
still, we are high on the list- hardly "little" spending on students.
(transportation is included under spending per student)
I'm not sure how you can objectively believe more of what we've already done the last 40 years is the answer.
let's start with putting someone in charge of Dept of Ed that actually knows about public education.
because our public education is world renowned... Oh wait... Maybe time to try a new approach. Vouchers
research doesn't support that vouchers do anything but steal money from public schools.
research supports that public schools steal money from private citizens
Actually, multiple peer reviewed studies show that education returns 4x more to the economy than is spent.
Maybe...after first taxing people for owning their own property
400% return on investment isn't good enough for you?
I trust that's somewhat accurate. Taxing people exorbitant amounts for private property is the issue
1.) I don't see how siphoning money from public schools to a voucher program will help public schools.
The dollars per student will not change & may increase; usually public schools receive a bonus. @BenSasse
How does that work, Lynn?  Where does the money come from to administer a new voucher program?
The way it works now is money is divided up up per student and the dollars follow the kid. @BenSasse
Except usually not 100% is divided & I don't know the formula. In our county a child can attend any school district >@BenSasse
>willing to accept them or a charter school & it's very successful. Not sure the Trump/DeVoss plan as far as federal $$. @BenSasse
>Most school financing is local/state & usually federal money is restricted so they could provide some cash incentives. @BenSasse
>So far as I know we don't allow the funds to go to religious based school but I've been out of the loop & I'm not sure. @BenSasse
"DC has fundamental responsibilities...", having great respect for you, am curious as 2 how U reconcile this w/the 10th amendment
DeVos is going to return power to state/locals & advocate only for choice. 10th Amendment? @BenSasse
Regardless of any Dept of Ed effectiveness, what is the Constitutional justification of any Fed funding or oversight? @BenSasse
None! That is the point of DeVos returning power/control to the States. @BenSasse
hard to assume that DeVos cares about all kids when the policies she has pursued have been worse for many.
it is plausible, given her history, that she cares more about for-profit charter school operators than about kids.
her history shows her goal is to further the kingdom of her God not all our children's educations
you didn't cover the fact that the teacher is note qualified than devos. Congrats on your next donation
more qualified sorry
@benI fully support working together, but I am struggling with Ms. DeVos. I watched her entire testimony and it was not flattering
She has been in less than a week& has already sent letters to states says they aren't required to follow accountability rules
With her lack of experience in public education&her testimony,she hasnt really demonstrated the skills necessary to run the agency
The America  public, in general, seems frustrated by the selection of Ms Devos and a few other selections.
Coupled with all of the Russia developments that Congress&the GOP seem content to disregard, it is disheartening to say the least
Do you honestly think the FBI is not on any valid Russian concerns? Why did DNC not give FBI access to servers? @BenSasse
I dont typically it is good form to blame the victim when a crime occurs. The facts are established& Russia did meddle
It's not news that Russia tries to disrupt democracies around the world; you're playing into their hands. FBI is on it all.
Good idea.  And it has the benefit of being largely true for regular folks.  Finding common ground shouldn't be so hard.
Well stated. Her IDEA answers were alarming, but school choice can be tremendous benefit. My ASD son's charter is a huge blessing.
My experience is with ASD is that private/charter don't want to accept severely affected kids b/c expense.
Voucher systems can only work for kids with significant disabilities when the or child amount is much higher.
My concern is shifting $ away from schools required to take most challenging kids to schools that can turn them away
Get that, but usually vouchers way less than avg per pupil spending for local schools. Avg per pupil left is actually higher
Is it probable there will be many non-public schools around willing to take kids w/ significant disabilities even w/ vouchers?
Son did soc skills at priv school for sev aut kids. District paid neighbor's tuition after lawsuit. If enough $, they exist.
I'm open to idea. In Austin (11th biggest US city), there r no private schools that will take kid with severe ASD.
and almost no one followed the link and read before blathering. I have to say I admire you. Keep trying.
ya DeVos is special alright. How does it feel to be in her pocketbook?
rein in teacher unions and abolish the DOE!
please start there! From an educator.
can't assume that. Wish we could. And I'm glad you think so.
Yes, we all care about kids. But the left has a conflict of interest, namely teachers' unions. That is a real difference.
let's start by assuming we all know she got the nomination bc she gave money.  And you took the money and voted for her.
Poor kids? Black kids? Hispanic kids? Gay or transgendered kids? DACA kids? Who U trying to fool? @GOP @TheDemocrats @BetsyDeVos
teachers unions do not care about kids.  They care about $$ and power.  Kids means to those ends.
@JohnCornyn Totally agree: Sen Cornyn please share what you are doing to help rural Texas students
I grew up in MI, I was raised in MI schools...I saw the demise after 1993 when Devos ruined the system for her own personal gain
You can be concerned about kids and still make wrong choices that hurt them.
That's true, see Neverland Ranch.
maybe if you took the time to speak to the MI senators, you couldve been better informed. But party over country, right?
if you went to Mi & spoke to a teacher you wouldn't hear speculation of how terrible Devos is but you would hear evidence of why.
if you cared about kids and education you would have voted no on DeVos! Your career is over now because u DON'T care!
That would be nice but in today's world it is all about "me".
put simply, kids are not short-term investments
@JohnCornyn let's also begin with the assumption that we care about competency of cabinet picks
@JohnCornyn After DeVos, you have no legitimacy regarding education policy #RepublicanHypocrite #YouOwnThisMess
How do you define "care?" There are those about the country who view kids as young minds to be manipulated for political ends. Sad
@JohnCornyn
U can't push corrupt appoint of DeVoss w/ 0 experience in public ed to run public ed then expect us to get behind it
@JohnCornyn John, I understand your effort 2 smooth this over but it's done! U put $ before kids with DeVos. I can't assume U care
Actions speak louder than words.  You approved DeVos. You don't care about education in the least.#HypocriteRepublican
@JohnCornyn OK...this doesn't change the fact that she has no experience in public ed & bought her position.
@JohnCornyn How do you make such statements without choking on your hypocrisy? #RepublicansDontCare
@JohnCornyn It would be much easier to accept that assumption if you backed it up with a bit of concern. #RepublicanHypocrites
I'd really love to see that begin with the right who continually slam our public school teachers as lazy & brainwashing our kids.
@johncornyn Remember, when you "Assume", you make an "Ass" out of "u" and "me". #RepublicansAreHypocrites
privitization is not the answer. Cap admin salaries as function of expenditure. Require experience taching for admin. Not coaching
@JohnCornyn Republicans might start to have some legitimacy if they acted as if #ScienceMatters or rejected #AlternativeFacts
I teach. I have a BS in physics. Incompetent teachers should be removed. They can be with due process.
@JohnCornyn @HEB kindly sent 37 TX Ed ldrs to @govsingapore (#1 in OECD) Maybe look at findings? #txlege
@JohnCornyn Republicans love the unborn, but kids? Not so much. #DestroyingOurHealthcare
@JohnCornyn With Republican approval of DeVos, I don't see any evidence of this #Unqualified #Hypocrites
@JohnCornyn This Republican administration and Republican Senate gave us Betsy DeVos #Unqualified #BoughtHerWayIN
You blew that by choosing someone who knows nothing about education PERIOD. #disappointed
radical.
voting for DeVos confirmation probably your single biggest betrayal of Nebraskans. Drop the supercilious bs.
.@BenSasse @JohnCornyn if you voted for DeVos, we can't make that assumption.
This teacher agrees with you wholeheartedly! Time to innovate, beginning with breaking through the old bureaucracy. Thanks!
@JohnCornyn  After putting DeVos in DOE? It's obvious you know nothing about edu. or have any care about kids in public schools
you're alright, ben
fake data nerd 100% yuppie
DeVos has no credibility.  All of us involved in Education for many years know this.I WOULD NEVER let her into our schools.  NEVER
nope.
a republican care about kids? you guys only seem to care about tax cuts, rich people and no abortion. Just my opinion.
@JohnCornyn - we all really care about kids or we all really care about ALL kids? No matter race, sex, disability or spec needs?
@declanpgarvey All except the Sec'y of Education.  I will NEVER be convinced.  She is devastating to all public schools.
@JohnCornyn Wasting precious infrastructure on two systems: public & private. Go 100% public & you get economy of scale.
Prove it.
Prove it. Don't cut funding for public schools.
Somewhere along the line we stopped holding teachers, parents, and students accountable. Accountability = Caring.
how about you hold a townhall so your constituency can have a dialogue with you? Instead of you telling us what we should do
That's not a bad idea but it sounds dangerous. How about you and me talk it out at Applebee's instead over a bloody steak?
Stretching it
hard to say that teacher population is acting in good faith when rhetoric & reality don't match
Sure, but it's tough when u see non-insignificant number of teachers focused on job security & benefits, and not on kids best ints
As parent of son severely affected autism, experienced reality that only public school are legally mandated to educate all kids.
Private schools should have same mandate if they are to receive govt $, or you're shifting $ away from kids with special needs
UR not explaining why we now have Sec if Ed with zero expertise who wants to transfer public funds to private religious entities.
DeVos is not going to require choice but return more power to state/local level & encourage choice. Did you read @BenSasse post?
I read it and he doesn't answer why someone with her track record or lack of expertise should make US education policy.
Betsy's job is to implement Trump's agenda. I'm not a fan of Trump but nor am I a fan of progressive "professional" educators.
The latter of which has given us this and a number of other atrocities:
voting 4 an unqualified person that is major GOP donor-tells me to watch out 4 all kids-clearly GOP won't
you would have to get parents to not treat school as a daycare for their kids all day then. Works both ways.
have you visited a Title I school come visit @forrestkat to see the real deal.
2.) Where will the money come from to make a new bureaucracy to administer a voucher program come from ?
@MrsHiser
you forgot the disclaimer "If you are white and rich"
why didn't people throw a fit about John King, Jr.? Both attended private schools and founded charter schools.
you seem like a stand up man! Please tell me you'll fight to protect families like mine who rely upon the rights & access of IDEA
I'm sure that's why you Republicans in Congress support Donald Trump as a great role model for our kids. #grabthembythepussy
.@BenSasse I'm really concerned about protections for disabled children. The IDEA page has been taken down. I have disabled children.
A web page up or down does not change the law; very possibly it will return soon.
move to alabama and be my senator.
First let's secure our democracy by investigating Trump&Co. regarding traitorous behavior. Then... we can address everything else
What traitorous behavior would that be? @BenSasse
Most kids can't name all three branches of government and their functions so Yah, start w/bringing back Schoolhouse Rock. Serious
I won't (can't) start from that assumption about DeVos. Her words and actions belie making that assumption for her.
Amen.  Now what?
Not all do. Unions don't, and religious zealots don't either.
Very nice.
