The Senate just voted down a single payer amendment 0-57 in a troll move by  Republican Sen. Steve Daines. https://www.axios.com/senate-says-no-to-single-payer-trolling-amendment-2466257514.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic&utm_content=textshort&utm_term=healthcare …
Please vote no!!!  Don't take away my health insurance!!!
You wouldn't know courage unless the Kochs gave it to you in a gilded gift bag; a troll bill that got the treatment it deserved
Republicans were elected to end obama care. Sad
Courage is standing up to moenied interests and doing what is right for your country.
I didn't know you could be sitting senator And an internet troll. You should grow up John. Seriously, how do you get elected?
https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/costestimate/s.a.667.pdf …
You need to explain why 16 million people losing health coverage is in any way acceptable?
Courage is voting for your constituents when it may cost your seat in government.
No one answering your phones in DC this entire week! Tell me again @ courage Senator?
Are you scared to know what your constituents think?
I don't think anyone actually works in his DC office. I have yet to get a human being there!
Same, never once got a human being or even a voice mail from him.  Kevin Brady at the very least has had staffers answer on occasion.
I've received 0 return phone calls, emails, or letters.
Ditto. I've left my contact info as well and asked to be answered back. It's all a sham.
Resistbot (@botresist) has been helping me fax instead. Good luck, I'm trying every method including calling local ofc.
Oh yes, I'm an avid @botresist user!
Me too!!! Almost daily! I love that you can also snail mail with it as well!
Don't lecture anyone on courage @JohnCornyn (DD).  I do thank your father for his though.
Perspective JC, my Father, a Vietnam era vet, volunteered (having a wife & child ), served, got out, got a masters, XOM Emp 35+yrs *COURAGE*
Wow, so along with Kickin millions off healthcare, you disrespect one of your collegues during your attempt to ram a bad bill through senate
Nice try youngster. You can whip votes, but your whip term has been a failure. #TooLateToChangeLegacyOfFailure #Cornynhole
Even if ACA is as bad as Ryan and the rest od you say, giving us something worse will only lead to your being voted out next election.
Lets just face facts here. No one is going to just Repeal, and anything thst doesn't improve ACA is political suicide. Just like Medicare.
john john john. your multitude of failures are, to use your go to word, "sad."  blame who you will, but ultimately, you guys run the show.
This isn't a joke. It's people's lives, you piece of shit.
Courage is not something  that comes with power and money. Courage comes from the heart.
Courage is taking on an administration that is inept at best and may be corrupt.
There are yet a courageous 52 trying to ram through a bill no one has read, completely circumventing regular order.
*correction. There are a few senators with spines (Collins, Murkowski, etc)
We shall see. They are trying to cram #SkinnyRepeal through. @GOP. @SenTedCruz #TurdyCruz
It would require stupidity not courage to fall for that old trick, Senator. How dumb do you think WE are?
This tweet proves once again you can troll but not legislate. Enjoy your L
Courage is a lot like knowing the difference between right and wrong or taking the easy way out.
You realize "single payer" means I pay for my healthcare, right? Single. As in me. Hope you're enjoying the healthcare I provide for you...
You really don't care
Courageous are 3 Republicans with love this country more than you
As courageous as the men who remained silent when asked, "Which one of you is Spartacus?"
You're a complete coward. What would your B-17 pilot father think of your "service" to country of late? Where are your principles?
The Senator who has been trolling Democrats and Americans for more than six months sounds a little butthurt it didn't work this time. Sad!
He is not a patriot or even a human being. He would vote for Satan if he could lick Mitch boots one more time. He must go
That was pure stunt legislation, and you know it. NO Republican voted for it, even the sponsor voted "No". You are doing this wrong.
I doubt you understand the meaning of courage at all - the courage that average Americans summon every day.
Courage is doing what is right against all odds to beat the face of evil.
Voting present means my job in sen is more important that your health care choice.
Yes, it takes real courage to throw 20+ million people off of healthcare & raise premiums.  Bravo, Captain Heartless.
Courage is standing up and speaking out against corruption in government.
Not representing your constituents is not courageous.  Courage is flying from Hawaii skipping cancer treatment to vote.
You shouldn’t talk about courage. How about creating a healthcare bill in the open instead of behind closed doors.
It was a troll
As a former Republican, I can say that John has lost his love for America and democracy. He was, past tense, a man of honor. He lost path.
You're voting for a bill you wrote over lunch and hope that the House will fix. I'm embarrassed to have you as my Senator.
And, the GOP is voting on a bill no one has read in the middle of the night. 
How courageous, indeed!
This is not what I'm paying you clowns for.
DO YOUR JOB! Voting "present" is in NO way courageous it is spineless and you playing political games with constituents healthcare! SHAME!
None of you is courageous - you're thieves in the night.
FFS...we aren't paying y'all to behave like a bunch of pre-teen mean girls.  While y'all are playing, Americans are going bankrupt.
seriously? You are going to pass a bill that you hope the house won't pass b/c everyone knows it's awful. #hypocrite
Why is no one is focused on Special Counsel Conflicts of interest?
If Romneycare can't be worked out as GOP whithers cuz Traitor Trump, single payer will ultimately happen.
The Republican U.S. Senate:  No spine, No balls.
And no brains.
Almost as courageous as, say, passing a bill you hate and blaming the House if they can't fix it in conference. #ProtectOurCare
Lets not call this a Bill, it's a flipping ping pong ball
Present is the same as "Aye". Can't figure why GOP Senators don't make Manchin's life miserable. He will lose to a Repub now
Ah The i don't read stuff I just vote crowd #cornygoals
Quit playing games. You're an adult.
This makes no sense whatsoever !
Glass house much?
What on earth is going on? If you can't act like real senators, Texans WILL replace you. Work with Dems after recess to develop a real bill.
Troll.
courageous are the dissenters, the rest are all spineless sheep.  much like you john.
You and I have a different definition of "courage".
Almost as courageous as putting special interests and political pettiness over the needs of your constituents. #stopthemadness

What would you know about courageous? You're committed to stripping millions of their healthcare for your personal monetary gain.
Who's the troll exactly? I always tell my kids when you point a finger at someone else, three fingers point back to you.
I take issue with you saying @SenateDems are ignoring their constituents by fighting to #FixTheACA. Most of their constituents want THAT.

Almost as courageous as working hard to take health insurance away from people.
@JohnCornyn is a troll. He's the designated GOP troll
Can u even explain to ur constituents what's in this bill? The responsible thing to do is have a town hall to tell us why it's a good bill
Fix the ACA. Your plan will 1.7 M Texans lose their healthcare insurance. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.
We Texan's want a clean Repeal! we as heck want a Replace!
Perhaps they were concerned about upending 1/5 of the economy without a hearing or CBO score? Just a thought. #TrumpcareProtest
Did any Sen fly to DC, parade themselves on the floor and then vote "present"?
You're the troll for denying healthcare for all
Oh really? Did YOU vote for it? Did the Republican troll who proposed it vote for it? THAT would have courageous. #youfucker
Oh, please. You're too frightened to make the bill public. You have a president who is disturbed, which you ignore. Public servant my a**.
Irony = you talking about courage.
You have no courage. #trumprubberstamp
And why are you playing games with our lives? We vote remember you work or us, now act like it
I'm sure it was a solid proposal.  /s
Playing games is not adulting. Shame on you and your reprehensible @GOP colleagues.
You think single payer is funny to us?
That's good! Now, ban that little Italian Mafia man and 45 from America's White House!
The author did not vote for his own amendment, and the stunt failed.. No ads for RSCC
You have no idea the definition of courageous as you are a lying coward puppet of McConnell's, your legacy has been written, disgusting
"Troll move"
