So... is the door back open? https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/879364669907099648 …
Sen Cornyn..I find it interesting that you answer a tweet from a reporter, but not one from your constituents. I question your priorities.
His priorities are pretty clear at this point. Constituents didn't make the cut.
Pretty clear and unfortunately, pretty consistent.  I've never been a political activist, but this mess is going to force me to get involved
GOP health care reform planning:
.@JohnCornyn closes the door on health care vote
Please don't start buying votes like Dems do. Democrats=Party of Corruption. Republicans are better than them. No #LouisianaPurchase, etc.
Are you aware that he is funded by the Koch Brothers? Their agenda is his agenda in turn for campaign funds. They don't even hide it.
Oh look, every time you tell the ugly truth a snowflake blocks you!
What a poor little melted snowflake!  

@heatherscope work with dems in normal committe & do bipartisan fixes to ACA. It is RIGHT thing to do! Stop being a partisan hak
How about a year of transparency and fulsome debate, townhalls, etc.  Like the Dems did for ACA?  Or too scared to face the country?
You have an opportunity to go back and work with Dems. The art of compromise benefits us all
Is not having a spine a pre-existing condition? Better not vote for BCRA, you'll be in trouble!
Did Jonathan in your SA office tell u we visited today? Will you be in Texas for the break? When can we talk with YOU about Medicaid?
Hodor.
St. Peter:John once u were on the maybe list. Then u were complicit n causing misery for millions. What do u say?  John: But they were poor!
@heatherscope - GOP threatens that if GOP won't shut up & go along, they'll be "forced" to neg w/Ds. Dreaded bipartisanship. 
The horror!!
As. One of your constituents I say keep up the good work John! Rip out that piece of crap!
Should probably open it all the way
now you have time to meet with your constituents and work on a compromise bill. Novel idea, right?
Good. Now admit how absurd your “28 million uninsured under Obamacare” tweet was, since Sen. GOP plan will result in 49 million uninsured.
There is, in short, zero moral basis for Trumpcare. Zero. It's all about further enriching the rich and placating the Christian far right.
When are you going to be in Dallas office?  We'll go to office if you don't have time for a group mtg.
Rob the poor to pay the rich has not been a winning strategy in the past. Why will it now, or later this year?
@heatherscope this is the sound of it slamming shut.
Abt your phone calls--what % is for TrumpCare, what % against? You could make history and be a leader 4 Medicare for all.
How did you spend your payoff from insurance companies and big pharma, John?  See you in the voting booth, you pile of .
Pop yer head out and get busy! FULL REPEAL! Sick of you RINOs sitting on your hands!
So now that the vote is t happening until after your little break how about a town hall?
Vote is not happening - oops
Work with the Dems, save Medicaid, represent your constituents. You know the GOP plan will hurt many Texans. Please help.
You'll have a lot of days to meet with your constituents, like many Sens do, but I'm sure you'll be busy with photo ops & Koch weekends
So we're going from Obamacare to Cronyn-Trumpdon'tcare. Loser!!
Are you realizing that all those kids losing special ed funding in favor of a tax cut for the rich is the only thing we'll remember you for?
Just realized I missed a zero. 250,000 Texans whose death can be attributed to YOUR bill. You will be killing 250,000 people.
Again you are living in your own reality.  Please find help.
We will take a crack in door. Texans would love to talk to you about our concerns with this bill. Let's work together to make it better.
You should tell your colleagues to stop sucking Koch! Pun intended. Your goal was to repeal & replace but how about improve the GODDAMN ACA?
@heatherscope senator,  the entire portal is wrong. Find a different door, one that doesn't threaten Texan lives. Thanks.
Hey! How about you ask your constituents how they feel about the ACHA?? Oh, wait. Not your thing to listen. #politicalsuicide
I think you meant "Just smoking crack", John. Coz that's what you were doing with a tax cut for wealthy that kicks 22M off insurance.
Please just fix issues with what we have.  Take the time to do it right
funny, where did your concern about premiums go? Aren't you worried about that triple digit excuse you came up with?
Crack open your thinking pad and write out a better plan.
@heatherscope Thank God someone stopped you (if only temporarily). Won't forget you were ok with abysmal current version.
This is great! It will give you a chance to come back home for a  #townhall to hear your constituents' concerns! Let us know when & where.
Can  you  look out for the  28m Texan you represent? We can't compete with the Koch Brothers but you will have our support.  Please
Just a crack
I bet you will be headed back down to the border for your usual photo ops so that you don't have to meet with us to find out how we feel.
Are the Kushner back channel doors open too thanks to a complicit #GOP.
Might as well lock it up John and throw away the key! 
#ProtectOurCare
No matter what happens with this bill, your constituents here in TX will never forget that you gave full support to the original, evil bill
There are some  R Senators that want it to be meaner. Need to bump uninsured past 50M and they will vote for it. More tax breaks for rich
There are some jokes in this y'all.
It would be lovely if you agreed to meet your Houston constituents in person to explain how the AHCA/BCRA will affect their healthcare.
Hahaha, you dbag.

Good, cornyn. Stick your fingers in there so i can kick it shut.
So just a crack! U sir r shameful! Leave ACA in place and use ur influence to make it better....although we all know u won't!
You just can't wait to take away HC from 22 mil, inc premiums, reduce coverage, all for the sake of giving your rich donors a tax break.
...in what? Your stony heart? Swamp Boy, move over for someone younger with compassion and fresh ideas #TERMLIMITS
As a Texas veteran and public servant, I'm ashamed and disgusted by your "representation" and your disregard for your constituents.
How about you actually DO YOUR JOB and meet with constituents - Rs and Ds - about how the healthcare bill impacts them, instead of tweeting?
I'm so consistently embarrassed for you. I can't imagine being so completely out of touch with regular Americans. Texas is through with you.
It should not be anathema to craft bipartisan solutions. Everyone agrees that the ACA needs repair; work with ALL your colleagues to fix it.
Save 22m more Americans! Save aged 50-64 with middle income! Save those w/pre existing conditions! This CAN be done! Healthcare 4 ALL!
Nobody likes this bill. Open the door to Democrats and your constituents. Start over on reform instead of repeal.
So when can we see you back in Texas to talk about this bill?
...i finally agree..you have a crack
BREAKING NEWS: Cornyn confirms he's a 'back door man' who's into 'crack'
Enough to pass the bribes through, eh?
Now maybe you can re-open the door for the millions who will lose their healthcare and/or Medicaid?
You claim to be proud to represent the great state of Texas, but you can't even meet with us to discuss the bill. You're a liar & a coward.
You're comfortable because no matter what happens with our healthcare, you will continue to enjoy the best of everything. 
#LetThemEatCake
Why can't we see bipartisan collaboration on this?
You lost! GOP doesn't know what they are doing. You run the death panel by trying to kick off 23 mil. #resist
he wanted it over before everyone figured out that 2.4m txns would lose coverage within 10 yrs. Obama isn't failing if yours makes us worse
cbo is based on our current system which is obama care,  so you making something even worse is just amazing stupid of you all to do john.

You must be on crack if you think this bill is worth passing. 22 million MORE uninsured than ACA. Take this bill out back and shoot it dead!
I cannot understand how my senator can support early deaths of children & the elderly by taking away their Medicaid. It's just pure evil.
This is a Bad Bill. You know it. We know it. Hell, even T knows is. TX is clear: Don't repeal the ACA.
What does this even mean. WHAT.
Give up and go home
@RaulieGonzo lul
Demolish the door. This is a terrible bill and I'm ashamed of you for supporting it.
Is your door going to be open to hear from your constituents? Town Hall, maybe?
Despicable.
You COULD use that time to meet with constituents about the healthcare bill, but you won't. You are beholden only to your wealthy donors,
You couldn't care less that 22 million fewer Americans will have healthcare in less than 10 years. You're only interests are Koch interests.
bc it's 22 million fewer to #Resist the hateful Republican agenda. Shame.
Exactly.
Why do you want to strip Medicaid from millions of vulnerable people? Please reply. Thanks.
three more senators managed to slip out, sir!

you’re awful
Quick talking about your cornhole, Senator Cornhole.
