Sen: please id your contribution to this progress.  The electorate sees POTUS wkng 80-100 hrs/Wk for the Am people  Others free-loading..
@GregAbbott_TX Know what will help SE Texans MOST? Extend HB 1774 deadline until the end of the year. Texans deserve ins help #extendHB1774
Thanks, Obama!  Also--forget the wall, rebuild the Texas coast!!
Yep. Trump inherited a good economy and hasn't had time to trash it yet.
You need a new set of glasses - AND a new heart for America.
Thanks Obama! Also I've lost my house can you help?
Thank you President Obama!
Thanks Obama.
The article says expansion has been growing since recession ended in 2009.

Did you accidentally make a #thanksobama tweet, again?
POTUS MAGA.
Thanks, Obama!

You are #cowardcornyn a total shill #VoteOutRepublicans
Glad you took advantage of Obama's great economy!
Thanks Obama!
So glad you recognize what a great job done by Obama!!!  #ThanksObama

Economy was Growing just fine before you idiots got in charge.... lets wait and see what killing Nafta while leaving the new TPP deal does 
Your base might buy your bs but we don't.  We can thank pres O for the improvement. We will see what damage 45 does.
#NoWall. #RebuildTexas
Wait till Harvey lands on top of that.
Thanks Obama
Not keeping pace with the #NationalDebt
Obama fiscal year isn't over!
Just think if congress gets off there butts and passes Tax reform.
"Thanks, Obama!"
Thanks Obama!  You aren't very good at this, r u Cornyn?
Thank you President Obama!

Is it just me or has Trump's hard on for Obama lasted way too long? Shouldn't he seek medial attention at this point?
Tell me what did dumpster do? Nothing he has done nothing but hold rallies, golf and tweet threats!
That's because people like you doesn't want to see anything positive about Trump
There is nothing positive about a man who promotes hate, war and division!

Trump just said quarterly GDP growth under Obama never reached 3%. It was 4.5% Q2 2014, over 5% in Q3 2014. Over 3% in '13 & Q1, 2015
Thanks to our Lord above and our President Donald J Trump!  Too bad Congress can't lift a finger to HELP make America Great Again!
Cornyn lies as that is all he can do.
And you will no doubt continue to help Trump nonsensically take credit for it.
Thanks Obama !
Thank you President Trump.
Thanks Obama!
Orange in chief said 4%
EXCELLENT NEWS -- the Obama upswing continues! What will happen when Trump's budget ever gets approved? Will trend continue?
Remind me again, when was it that the trumPutin signed his budget into law? He hasn't, so we are still operating on President Obama's.
Really? While people are dying in TX?
Wow! I can almost hear the cheering from Houston, where they're surely celebrating this news, right now! Oh, wait...
#Empathy 
#GOP
What the hell! Why aren't you down here in TX helping out? Who gives a damn about GDP?
So that is why we need to stand behind our President Trump We the people voted for him
How about some infrastructure and disaster spending for Houston, instead of tax cuts for the rich? That might rev up the economy a bit.
Nice work you are doing saving all the victims in Harvey...oh wait, you just went on tv with our Biggest Loser, Trump!  Not a hero...
Thanks to @POTUS44 #BringObamaBack #TrumpRussia
Surprised the @WSJ covered this accurately.  Will see how long it takes for @washingtonpost to create a negative spin. TY @POTUS 4 #MAGA
"At a boy" Trump NOT at a boy Ryan and McConnell - and the rest of the anti Trumpers

Would have been higher with repeal of #Obamacare and associated taxes, and tax cuts. Get to work @SenateGOP
Right
Tax Cuts =More Money for CEO..Damn sure does not create jobs..but if your so confident make the tax cut conditional Jobs=Tax Cuts
Thank you Obama!
Bad news Gulf temperatures are 2 degrees above norms, Houston officials unprepared for consequences and in denial of flood risk
Thanks Obama!
And that means what for what now? That the rich get richer on the backs of the working class and poor?

Whatever.
Also from the WSJ:
Nothing new.
Remember when the Obama administration took the reins at -3% and the economy recovered?
Yes I do...
Thanks Obama!!!
