Would Bernie plan uninsured 22mm ?
What r u basing your data on, did the CBO score his plan @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible @indtx36 @tx12 @indivisibleATX
But I wouldn't be spending between $10,000 and $16,000 out of my own pocket. LET THE RICH FINANCE IT
Bernie got screwed by Hillary, but took the Clinton Foundation hush money to sing that lying, unscrupulous tramp's praises.  No integrity!


And yet 70% of Americans support it. What percent support Trumpcare? (Spoilers it's 17%)
1/2 You've done nothing by whine about other plans not working while your own is the biggest disaster of all. Pathetic.
EVERYONE needs healthcare.  There is no human who never needed healthcare.  Why are you alright with denying it to anyone?
Amen!
we pay 60% more per person than any other developed country. Bernie's way reduces! We need to do what works even if taxes go up
Is you're argument "that plan is bad, therefore mine is better and should be passed?" Do you value tax breaks over lives? By what ratio?
well if we quit giving tax breaks to the 1 percent we could afford it, I'll pay my share how about you?
well I don't mind paying my share to help those less fortunate; how about you?
Government or out of pocket spending? There is a rather substantial difference.
Here's an idea..address the CURRENT #BCRA bill instead. Stop DEFLECTING Host townhalls now You're hiding because you know this is THEFT
You forgot to mention that it will most, if not all Americans Healthcare! But all you care about is $$$$$$$$$
Ok fine. How much have we wasted in Iraq for people I don't know and will never see? Am ok with friends/neighbors having access to care.
No problem.  Build a few less bombers
It's funny the government always seems to find enough money to go to war but not to take care of at American citizens at home.
And they find ways to give money to the billionaires that elect them, pretending to call their gifts part of a health care plan. Liars.
Does majority whip mean you get hit w/cat of nine tails if folks don't swallow this nonsense? How often do you get whipped?
The whole debate is lost... get govt OUT of the health ins & healthcare biz 100%.  Unleash the market & consumers!
#NotARight
Remove all those congressional kickbacks and We just might see the budget going down while folk gain affordable healthcare. Questions?
Source? Or did you just do some figurin' on a napkin?
Do you have a BRAIN TUMOR? Seriously , you need to get that checked. SOMETHING is wrong with you
And doing so would Help PEOPLE! And thus be worth it. If it means billionaires have to shell out a few bucks, do be it! You can afford it
And your plan may kill 540,000 people
http://mattbruenig.com/2017/06/22/how-many-people-will-obamacare-and-ahca-kill/ …
Did you retweet yourself?
Your party has chocked off ACA Obamacare with nothing nothing to replace it! Eight years nothing it's a crying shame! Millions dying!
Do you include in your estimates the reduction in the spending of healthcare money through improved preventive health care
2/2 GOP even asked Hillary for help (she's not in office btw) & she has it all worked out for you #PeoplesPresident
You don't mention if it murders as many people as your plan...
To quote Margaret Thatcher, socialism is great until you run out of other people's money.
Does his alternative give everyone healthcare, though?
Like, let's say a person is dying. Let's say that dying person is poor. Under his alternative, could the poor, dying person get healthcare?
It is not the govt's role to provide health ins or care to people.  Life, liberty & "PURSUIT of happiness"... no guarantees in life.
I'm really glad you retweeted this, the comment flashbacks are .
This was a dumb take the first time you tweeted it.
But people will be healthier which must be good for the economy no? If I lose health ins, I get sick, I can't work. Not good for anyone.
So fix the ACA. Are you listening at all? What are the tallies of constituents calling you for and against your bill showing?
Blah blah blah- you forgot to mention the tax cuts for the rich.....
Less out of pocket for guaranteed health care? You and Bernie have my support! Glad to see you are co-signing.
So at rates less than half the rate insurance is increasing...tell me more.
Yet you are unconserned about the cost of a wall or increased millitary spending.  Interesting.
So what! If we can find money to build a useless wall, why can't we find money for Americans' healthcare?
Is it spent on helping provide Americans, and thus your constituents healthcare? Would love to discuss at a town hall.
Too lazy to type it up again so just Retweet yourself, John? That's the same half-assery that produced your TrumpCare disaster.
John. Rise up and be a leader. Don't just talk. Take action. You will have people following you if you do.
Bernie is no better than you. Opposite ends of the spectrum. Equally insane. You want to give all the  to the rich, him to the gov't.

All of which the working class pays for. Note the word working.
The whole thing is so tricky and complex. REPEAL now Mr Cornyn.  Replace after best options are agreed
Yeah, so why not listen to your constituents and fix #ACA? Oh, yeah, you hate your job and WANT to be voted out in a landside.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Center for American Progress has broken down the Senate bill's Medicaid losses for vets by state, based on the CBO: http://ampr.gs/2sjDZOO  
Prove your statement.
So are you saying Bernie and Mitch are our only choices?  Small minds,get to work and come up with a real health plan instead of a tax plan
Oh but his bill would have been shorter than yours.... isn't that how you're selling this one?
We need universal healthcare and a single payer system.
Promised repeal and replace. Put capital markets back in competition.
Get in there and kick some democratic butt.
How much per person?
How many lives is that?
Why would we want our tax money spent on healthcare for all when we can spend it on the war your cronies are trying to start? Old men. SMH.
So roughly the same amount the Pentagon can't account for
http://nation.foxnews.com/2016/08/18/trillions-go-missing-military-pentagon-cant-account-65t-taxpayer-cash …
and tax the 1% to pay for it.
go for it!
Funny...we now have more info about Bernie's imaginary plan than we do about the secret GOP plan #TexansWantAhcaHearings
And your point is ?
And how many people would lose insurance? That's what I thought. Doing great things costs money.
We spent trillions on Middle East wars and subsequent veterans benefits.
I wish we had the same zeal for saving American lives as we do for ending terrorists'.
And your plan did what, exactly?
Funny you talk about Bernie's healthcare plan. How much will yours cost? How many patients will it cover?
And the Republican version blows the deficit by abt 450bn, per CMS and CBO.
So guess this means get to repairing ACA?
Imagine all the healthcare that could be delivered to patients if we didn't have to pay multiple ins. ceos that seek to deny services
Your real problem is it cuts the middleman out which is the ins. companies u represent. Imagine all the actual healthcare that could be
Taxpayers would actually get something for their taxes. The money is still spent. You just want it spent to ur greedy ins. company backets
Very disappointed you continue supporting The President and not the working poor instead of the 1%. Shame on you Senator.
Why is the Senate working behind closed doors with windows blacked out? Still a free country? Citizens have rights.
and how much of that can be offset by NOT giving a giant tax cut to the super wealthy?
#enabler #partyhack #cheater I am reduced to calling names on Twitter because you play politics with people's lives. Fight for us!
I note you address Senator Sanders as "Bernie" but the VP by his title. Discredit and disrespect. Good strategy. Show your manners.
@JohnLeguizamo Cornyn, funny how European nations are paying 7.7% avg of GDP for universal healthcare...and they aren't whining about it?
They just don't care.
@tedcruz What is your alternative, Senator? No one knows because of your blatant secrecy from the public who elected you. AWFUL
But that is only half the equation. What do we get for all that money?  That deserves an answer.
And save millions of lives. I guess you choose to put a price on life.
Another smoke screen.  What does Senate GOP have in their plan?  Can you tell us as much about that as you can about Bernie's alternative?
What does the senate GOP bill look like?
And trump Care: Is top secret because you cannot defend trump Care? Were you elected to keep secrets from Texans
How many lives would it save? Oops. Sorry. You don't care about that.
At least I think that maybe they are just so bankrupt morally they will do anything for the all mighty dollar 2/2
OMG y'all I have figured this out they are trying to scream about this health care to deflect from the Russian Investigation 1/2
THEN YOU AND REPUBLICANS GIVE UP YOUR TAXPAYER FUNDED HEALTHCARE! TAKE YOUR OWN MEDICINE!
How can we tell if that's true?  We have no idea what's in the #trumpcare bill.  Do you?   If so how about a #TownHall to talk.
How much does Trump's wall cost?
We'd like to see what you 52 non-Dems came up with, thanks.
yours lets you keep your Viagra but denies seniors, pre-ext, women, maternity, the poor, seniors.  You are a hypocrite, stop lying!!
I'm ok with that. We could make that money fairly taxing the rich and corporations
Based on what? Numbers you pulled out your ass?
@JohnCornyn what does yours do?
Cool, is this on the table? No? Then why are you tweeting about it. Tell us how many lives your HC bill will ruin.
ok so lets take it away from 24 million people.whatever happened to compromise?
yeah. And we don't want to spend money to save lives unless they're fetuses. We're all about fetuses, but not people.
Complete repeal of the absolutely disastrous Obamacare is what is in order!  New healthcare plan for those in need and not all the freeload
So? You hide in a room with your cohorts and work on a healthcare plan that you're ashamed to bring out in the open. All you do is screw us.
Don't vote yes to the AHCA
How much are you giving to the wealthy 1% in tax cuts they don't deserve? Bernie is not president. Campaign is over. Do some actual work
U have something from CBO if you have detail.  SHOW US THE DAMN BILL or my ovaries r going 2 tell my hand to pull a Dem lever next election
A person is dying of cancer. The doctor comes in and says we can treat you. The patient weakly moans, "But what about the national deficit?"
wow, well can we see your healthcare bill so we can do a comparison Or nah?
Hope you enjoyed your job. You will get fired next election. Bet u got rich being senator.
Fuzzy math
And what is your alternative to ACA? Still secret? How many ways can you prove your hypocrisy? #ShowUsTheBill #ShameOnYou
Look at Venezuela! Can you imagine what it woul look like if Bernie got his way?All the promises of utopia are smoke and mirrors
How much do we spend on military?
And your alternative sucks.....but you're trying to ram it thru in secret anyway.....u shameful b*stard!
Show us the bill
Yes, but would people be healthier?  That's called a good investment.
And yours is... still behind closed doors.
But people wouldn't die. Healthcare is not free.
Admitting you have no answer for healthcare costs b/c u aren't disclosing your bill but u gladly deposit $ from insurance companies. #FEC
Sources? And how about the Rs proposal that the public hasn't seen yet?
I'm glad you're on a firstname basis with Sen. Sanders. He IS the most popular Politician in the US.  The current system costs US much more.
I would spend $5000 in taxes to not spend 10,000 out of pocket.
Show us your plan!
Better to make the rich richer, right?What does the lives of a few thousand poor people stack up to billionaires becoming multibillionaires
Keep reading: Decrease in household and employer spending by $1.7T in 2017 and $21.9T in 2017-26.  Sounds like a good investment.
So, instead of caring for the sick, lets give that money to your rich friends. That's good. Voters will vote you out of Senate for this.
Well ideas are important and no one person will deliver the best solution - that comes from working together. Give it a shot.
You and the other members of the GOP have completely abandoned the people. Oh, one other thing.....what does your health care plan cover?
Oh no! Can't spend on healthcare! How would we pay for all the guns and prisoners?!?
I suggest you and your colleagues actually spend some time to actually fix it instead of a hollow victory by passing any bill no matter
Whatever it takes to get people covered. Sen. Cornyn, I'm one of your constituents. The game has changed. We want--we demand--healthcare.
Trump's alternative to Obamacare would increase insurance CEO paychecks by those exact same numbers  <---factz
Yes it would and that's a good thing. Reduce military spending and tax the rich.
We have the trillions for wars and weapons, but not to get everyone insured? Makes sense.
But would increase the health of the country as a whole, increasing productivity
Bernie isn't trying to jam a bill thru in secrecy.  Serve all your constituents John.
About the same amount that the Trump budget is projected to increase the US debt over the same time. So you will oppose it as well, right?
Republicans  I'm hiding the bill that is the worst
@SenSanders @BernieSanders What say you?
This constituent of yours believes we can judge a society based on the kind of access its citizens have to healthcare. I'm with Bernie here.
Many Senate Democrats stand ready to address the shortcomings of the ACA and find a middle-ground solution - talk nicely to them!!!!
At least we know what Bernie's Bill would do.  The one you and @SenTedCruz are working on, not so much.  Why the secrecy?
And GOP alternative will kill people.
You know what would be great is if we could see the healthcare bill you & the other old white men folk were working on. Hello...John.. hello
As you do often shout-Fake News! Prove it! and don't forget to factor in the cost benefit of a healthy, productive populace

Than how about we *not* give tax breaks to the rich, so we can take care of all our citizens???
And yours and the GOP's alternative would kick 23 MILLION people off of healthcare!!!
The GOP's alternative? We have no idea because it's a huge secret.
But that kind of spending for military is okay because?
So? Are you suggesting the lives and well-being of Americans aren't worth it?
And millions of human lives aren't worth at least that much to you?
Fine with that tax the rich to pay their fair share and use that to pay for health care and infrastructure
Oh well. Join most other civilized nations! It's 2017. Everyone should have #Healthcare
Gas lighting
Smoke & mirrors
Lying
So far your alternative is far worse for Americans than anything suggested when Obama was in office.
You may want to wait until the CBO chimes in on your own plan before you start throwing stones at others who actually CARE about health care
You're a kleptocratic coward. Grows some  balls and help the poor people in your state.
But we can't compare the repub plan b/c U have to do it in private. Where is the unity? Americans are depending on U.
And yours would just, you know, kill people.
You are my Senator. What is your replacement plan?  I haw the right to know. #saveaca #healthcareforall
The amount of cost to government doesn't matter, what matters is that it brings overall costs down as a whole, whether priv or gov
Just stop! You are not up for reelection till 2020 but that wont make you less of a horrible person if you vote for Republicare!!
Providing healthcare to more people costs more money. Are you accustomed to dealing with people who wear doctor-ordered headgear?
The fact you and your party put a dollar figure on human life speaks volumes.
You keep talking about what other people are doing or have done. We want to know what YOU are doing.
And millions would actually have health insurance-Imagine that.
Your alternative will kill millions and give your rich friends a bonus check.
Explain what the money is spent on please.
Cut Trumps personal spending and we'd have plenty of money.
All industrialized nations pay less per person than the US by almost half on average. Ur fiscal idiots. Open ur mind & the process!! SHAME!!
Freedom from medical bankruptcy, preventable suffering, and fear... PRICELESS!
So propose an alternative that covers everyone and costs less. Most countries offer universal coverage; few are single payer.
How much more coverage would we all have?
It's easy to sit your ivory tower with full benefits (that WE pay for) decide other people don't deserve healthcare #WeThePeople
I'll take your word for this, but everyone agrees with some level govt spending. univ. health care is worthy, and known to be feasible.
Better on healthcare than bombing whomever Russia wants us to bomb.
Feel free to tell us about your proposal...
GOP's alternative to Ocare would kick 23 million off insurance, give tax breaks to rich and make healthcare worse.  #MedicareForAll
Tell big pharma & insurance companies who profit on sickness that they'll have to cut back on caviar & the jet-setting lifestyles
Why don't you focus on the profiteering healthcare and pharmaceutical industries to drive down costs to put people over your contributors.
At least you know what his is.
How does that compare to to your plan? Or are you too ashamed to share it?
His plan is out for everyone to see & evaluate. Where's the GOP plan? Why is it secret?
ha, for once we actually agree.  Sanders is batshit.
Private sector expenditures would decrease by $1.7 trillion in 2017 and by $21.9 trillion between 2017 and 2026.
