ur sorry for defending a poc like trump
You miss the point so frequently these days.  I'm worried about you, Senator.
Then why the lies? Republicans shouldn't be supporting the destruction of our gov't by Russian oligarchs.
With respect, Senator, we resent the dishonesty. Why did AG Sessions lie under oath about meeting with the Russian ambassador?
you're sealing your own fate with tweet like this if the charges against Trump are ever validated. Hope you are on right side...
Sooo y  won't Trump release his taxes? That's what potus  do. Trump is a poc. Y do u defend him. Makes u no betr
ypu work for me!  I want to see his taxes!  You are up 2020 Cruz 2018 we will vote you out!
girl, I can't wait! this good ole boy has to be voted out! He has forgotten about Texans that need healthcare!
Not without notifying the sitting President. You and your guy are not patriots, you are traitors. We see you.
Can't wait to vote you out.
Need all facts on contact w/ Russians by Trump campaign/admin. Independent commission needs to investigate,
are you kidding me? Trump invited Russian hacking, Sessions lied, so did Flynn. Not the same.
doing an about face here?  Thought you were concerned about Russia, guess not, we are
I knew you weren't a good person, and you're proving me right a lot recently. Thanks for making my argument against you easier.
Do you all lie about it? Under oath? Do you have computers linked to Russian banks? "Diplomacy" is not the word we use for that.
And smart people and journalists keep asking question. So? That's what we critical thinkers do.
COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY, Traitor
how much lying bullshit has to come out of POTUS before you start working for your constituency
If it's no big deal, then why the need to lie? And have sudden outbreak of amnesia?
You sir will rationalize anything to fit your agenda as well as #45! Can't wait for elections to vote You out!
then why do members of trump's team keep lying about it?
then why lie about it?
so? So then why lie about these meetings? Under oath, to boot. You are in a position to help defend our Constitution, pls do so.
The problem is not the meetings, the problem is the denial of them! Makes you ponder "What is going on here"
Manafort may have killed people. Sessions fires everyone. Stone spoke w/the hackers. Flynn was foreign agent. Pence lied.
so Obama was funding ISIS will you investigate that please?
it's a sad day in America when supporting Putin is more patriotic then supporting a soldier that died on the battlefield
trump's team met w/ Russians at Republic Convention. Is that normal?
!!!!!! THAT IS NOT WHAT PRIVATE CITIZENS DO YOU JERK! John SO DOING THIS. Protect our goddamn sovereignty.
Flynn was not a diplomat, he was a private citizen colluding with a hostile nation interfering in our election.
and now, you're an ELECTED OFFICIAL running interference for a traitorous act. Guilty by association.
I am disgusted that these people would attempt - repeatedly - to lie about what actually happened.
.@JohnCornyn You, sir, are no diplomat.
when are you going to demand that he release his taxes? If he has nothing to hide he has nothing  to fear.
OMG are you blowing off private meetings they denied. If this was Hillary you would be loosing your shit! Get some balls!Resist
"we diplomats" Did I miss the time when you were a diplomat?
You're an embarrassment.
is the lying about it that is the problem. What were they hiding? Besides asking Russians to hack DNC and God knows what else.
"Diplomacy" involves promoting the interests of one's country, not cutting deals to help one's private agenda. @ishantewari
I may have missed it but, why did it take you this long to say that?
not with Trump Rus connections
Then why lie about it?
apparently, you're just a partisan shill. Shame, shame. Can't wait until you are up for reelection.
the problem is not that you met with Russians, you lied  about it 
wow? You really want to align yourself with a corrupt government? Might want to rethink that.
I believe it is a fact of sessions lying to Congress makes it n issue.  I think you have been there long enough to know that...
Meeting with a foreign gov't as an official of the US Gov't -OK
Negotiating with a foreign gov't as a private citizen - Illegal
How the hell can ANYONE SUPPORT THIS SORRY, PATHETIC ECXUSE OF A SENATOR?  HOW????
seriously?!?? So they LIED?? So what?? What's one to expect from a morally bankrupt GOP?  So, they're working for Putin?? So...?
Meeting with foreign leaders - OK. Lying about meeting with foreign leaders while testifying under oath - NOT OK
not secret, undisclosed, lied about meetings
thank you for this post Sen Cornyn!!!  This is what I've been thinking all along

Silly issue. Makes the Dems look even more stupid and hateful.
no more gerrymandering in TX so you better be changing your tune!   No more safety net!
Do you really not understand why people are upset? It would be much smarter for you to stop trying to deflect attention.
Because Sessions lied. Because Trump lied.
#2020 Cornyn #2018 Cruz
we? When did you become a diplomat?  You are an elected official not a appointed partisan diplomat
It's Ok. Right Comrade?
Sounds simple, right? Why lie about it, though?
Context is important, Senator. But something is rotten in DC, & I am beginning to suspect you are complicit. #Trumprussia
Secrecy and lies. Is that what you want for America? What are they hiding and why don't you care. Stand up for us. Do your job!
do they also commit perjury to hide their contacts with Russian agents?
You better start listening, Senator. Your constituents overwhelmingly demand an investigation into #TrumpRussia
This isn't the issue and you know it. Your deceit (or willful ignorance?) Knows no bounds.
Curious, You never attack the #Trumprussia MOTIVE, just opportunity.  Has D.C. really brainwashed you to not think for yourself?

Time to stop it now with the willful ignorance.
, people meet with the Russian ambassador on the record and tend not to "forget" their meetings
True, but the relationships speak to a troubling pattern of deceit, which points to corruption.
There'd be no need to lie about it if it was just business as usual. Admit it, you let your party get hijacked by extremists!
Agree, but why hide and lie about it???
your very own colleague stated more investigation needs to be done but you dismiss the connections..Shame..
Finally some sensible argument. Just talking to Russia is not a sin. More dialogue is always better than none.
why are they lying and saying they didn't meet with the Russians?
Your constituents are not stupid. Meanwhile no #TownHall re the ACÁ.
It is amazing how Democrats can't handle the truth. Good luck with the voting out thing.
What about Russian billionaires whose plane sat besidesTrumps on campaign stops?
where there's smoke, there's fire
Going all in, John? A campaign does not have ambassadors. A campaign doesn't represent anyone (yet) #Getthetruth
then why lie about it? If this was the Dems you'd be freaking out. Hypocrites. There is more to the business side of this.
Keep backing them up, Cornyn. Can't wait to vote you out.
Wouldn't be an issue on it's own, but there are so many other indications that Russians were involved in election.
YOU ARE DEFENDING RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE? Dear god man, you need to GO!
Then why lie about it?  Under oath I might add.@washingtonpost
thank you for going on the record. Your cavalier attitude and party over country posture is noted 
and then hacked the opponents campaign.
then why the secrecy? Why the lies? #IndependentCommission #CountryOverParty #Trumprussia
, you are on the wrong side of this. We, your constituents, won't forget.
Yes, that's their job. Not the issue here. TeamTrump repeatedly lied about doing it. It's not about Kislyak, it's TeamTrump lies
Treason is how you do it?
Be an American, be a Texan, and stand against those making a mockery of our Democracy.
you are not actually this stupid, sir. It's just that it's easier to destroy an argument no one is making, than it is to be honest.
The issue wasnt meeting the ambassador, at least for session, it was lying under  oath.
Do they tend to lie, and obfuscate about it afterwards. Should their weak sycophants posing as senators ignore?
So????? You've got to be kidding me! The fact you r not concerned about Russians influencing the elections makes me ? u? 2020
Soo...what interactions have you had and when that you haven't disclosed to us?
do you endorse the GOP platform change/Ukraine?  Pls have town hall so we can understand your position vs tweeting news stories!
you're NOT a diplomat you're a congressman!!
"During the election" is missing from your statement. Violation of Federal Law. Flynn represented Turkish Government., lieing.
do you really not get it? It's not that the meetings happened, it's a) they lied about them, b) what did they discuss?
Stop your deflection, Senator.
Do you all lie about it under oath?? #SessionsMustResign
then why all the lies? Why the cover ups? Why does everyone conveniently forgot what was said?
Not in private and try to hide the fact.  What is 45 hidding?  People demand a special investigater.
Then lie about it?  Anyway, I thought you were a Senator that represented Texas, not a WH cheerleader.
SO! it seems as if the Trump team colluded with the Russians, and if you're fine with that, then move to Russia! Comrade!
Pls read it again. Last paragraph makes a good point about investigations, which is what the people want.
It's the LYING about it.  The whole Trump administration stinks with all its lying and corruption.
do you also lie about the purpose and content in the meetings?
It's not the meeting, it's the lying about the meetings under oath. Texans are concerned.
you're clearly a very stupid man if you don't see the difference
Ypu mean while Flynn a foreign  agent.. Fundamentally  changing GOP Platform.. We're  not that stupid!!!
and what did the DT team promise that ambassador of our greatest enemy?
Please start listening to your constituents' concerns. The twisting and denials are disingenuous insults.
.@bamfbbsoccermom @johncornyn Your double standard toward Democrats is disgusting, you would already called for impeachment. Traitor.
The author met with both parties. The Russian ambassador only met with Trump people.
Except that Trump publicly asked them to hack another candidate and now his admin is lying about contact.
@husainhaqqani So?! It IS highly suspect when EVERYONE LIES ABOUT IT! Stop this nonsense John. You know this is wrong!
Why are you condoning treason?
I'm sorry, Senator, but waving your hand and saying, "These are not the droids you seek," doesn't work anymore.
it's not the meeting, it's the lying.  If you don't understand that, you're as bad as DJT.
it's the secrecy and back door entering that's the issue. It's the lying and rigging of the election that's the issue. #sad
But he lied under oath.  Is that not an issue to you?  Both sides of our govt are hypocrites and that's what we're tired of.
thank you for letting voters know you are a Trump/Bannon puppet. Countdown to voting you out of office begins.
None is so blind as he who will not see. Willful ignorance is not a positive trait.
It's much deeper than that and you know it. So many have financial connection with Russia? What about you?
all of you are Commie traitors. Ronald Reagan is rolling his grave right now.
I wish you met with a swift kick in the nuts
Then why lie about it?
it's not just diplomats that met with 45s team
The meetings were amid what our brave intelligence community described as unprecedented Russian cyber attack on our democracy!!!
Ok, then why LIE? This "nothing to see here" strategy only fuels speculation. Stop re-tweeting stupidity and #DoYourJob
agreed. So why did all of them mislead to press and congress?
Cornyn: Russian meddling? Hardly news Russian contact? So? Why r you covering? Why r they lying? Open up about it if not wrong
correct in all fairness HOWEVER more n more of his team have and lied about it...THAT is not normal. Imagine 44 being embroiled
...in a fraction of this mess and tell us honestly you'd be as laissez faire as you are in the face of these allegations!!
Meetings with Russians, telling provable lies, overspending on every turn (golfing weekends, a family in a major metropolitan city needing
...protection, handling high profile 'business' at some country club, charging increased fees to be a member of said club, having businesses
...all over the world that supposedly don't create a conflict. The list goes on and on, makes congressional republicans look 2faced at min.!
You and your cronies are choosing party over country and are an embarrassment to the office you hold. #resist #indivisible
So then why lie under oath?! You people make zero sense and have zero sense.
then why did Trump say they never met with him.  Why are you trying to justify a lie?
It's the deception that is concerning but you know that and see the chance of personal profit. Just pretend it's Hillary.
.@JohnCornyn That's what longtime Putin aide Dmitry Peskov said in a @FareedZakaria interview. It's interesting that Clinton campaign didn't
Right before an intelligence leak that throws them the election? Ummmmmm...no.
Do you seriously think there is NOTHING fishy about this? We are ready for an independent investigation. 75238
"Investigating officials who may have perjured themselves about their diplomatic contacts also seems reasonable"
.@JohnCornyn @washingtonpost Then why did @VP Pence say "Of course not. Why would there be?" when asked if there had been contacts?
But, they met before it was their official duty to do so.  Your statement is just more deflecting. Sad.
If there is nothing to hide, then why the deceit?  #Trumprussia #TrumpDossier
The lying about it is the problem.
if that's not clear enough we want to know why he LIED about to the senate, while still remembering details about it later...
If you're not concerned, then once again you are a fool. If this was HRC #GOP would be FREAKING! #GOPspineless
did u read it? "Investigating officials who may have perjured themselves about their diplomatic contacts also seems reasonable."
stop pretending like you don't understand why people are mad.
if you're so partisan that you can't see that Russian influenced our electoral process. What's wrong with you?
So much for siding with your country when we need you most. Disappointing. #partypolitics #TrumpRussia #gonein2020 #DoYourJob
why did they all lie about it? Too much smoke!
A) you're not a diplomat and B) bullshit
"As ambassador, I met with aides to both major-party candidates"--when did Kislyak meet Clinton aides? when did they lie abt it?
.@JohnCornyn @All100Senators you also lie about it even happening, apparently.
No
This tweet is incredibly sad & pathetic. I hope you don't actually compose these tweets. Perhaps an aide?
If there is nothing to hide, why lie??
So it's party before country. That's the republicans motto. Thanks for screwing us so well.
.@JohnCornyn Is this the story you're going with?
The issue is Trump's close business dealings in the country and that members of his team have lied about meetings. #sneaky
you aren't this dense. You know it's the lying people are mad about. And if Trump were a D, you would be too. Party over us eh?
Question: When does not telling the truth  matter to Cornyn? Only when it applies to Democrats. Your next town hall is?
tell me you all are getting screenshots of this antagonism.
how does this not bother you knowing that they meddled in our election? And Flynn working for Turkey?
You're COMPLICIT if you don't believe something is going on with the Russians attacking our government at the highest levels!
that's what spies do.
Shame on you. Party before country politics. You know there's more to it. But if they were Hillary's emails you'd investigate!
then why lie about it?
again, the dominoes are falling. How long are you going to risk your reputation?
Cornyn is either naive or trying to pull the wool over our eyes. Which one? Both felonies/treason??
Then why do they lie about it? And are you not concerned about the Russian interference with our election?
You are right, so why all the secrecy and lying?
corruption at its best-- deny, deflect, deminish. #DrainTheDeepState
ok, sounds fair.  But why is EVERYONE of them constantly LYING about meeting them?
if you are completely honest with yourself, aren't you at least a little bit concerned about all the weird Russia connections?!
why the lies? He is a known spymaster. Why change policy towards Russia?
Not disclosing it and not answering questions honestly about it is not what "diplomats" should do.
But Hillary's aides didn't meet with Kysliak...
so then appoint a bipartisan commission to investigate the Russian influence in election? without it there will be no peace
See, John, the thing is it isn't usually lied about.
Stop defending the liars you Soviet collaborator
Yes, and the meetings are documented, were these, if so is documentation available for public to read?
THEY LIE about it all.  If there's no issue, then why all the coverups? #youpickedthewronghorse #wewillvoteyouout
can't wait for 2020.
