then expand Medicaid
@SenateRPC are you surprised? GOP sabotaged. Screwed constituents for a political gain based on Ryan-Ayn Rand dogma. Antiamerica
And @24 million will lose theirs under the republican bill  but then the ultra rich elite will get massive tax breaks
Do the math as better than 1/10 would be coverage for all. Do that & you have my support. #Trumpcare #PayMoreForLess #ACA
so you think it's better to make it five in ten? You give up your insurance first and then we will think about giving up ours.
The numbers will be greater with #Trumpcare.
Obama Care is crashing. What's your plan to fix it?
Thanks to the GOP who have worked tooth and nail to tank it
you're a joke. Please stop tweeting. Just keep your head down.
repeal mandates.
All signs point to #trumpcare increasing that number by a lot. What's your plan to prevent that?
Something, something, white race, something, something great again, something, something re-elect me. #KKKGOP
are you sure? I thought the uninsured rate hit record low. Make you're not reading #fakenews. PS We can tell #trumpcare is #fail
And #trumpcare knocks more off. You sir are #ideologue and you and your  #regressiveparty don't really care for Americans.
you are in a position to do something about this. 1/10 is low, but still 1 too many. What is your plan tom improve? @GOP #ACA
Full Repeal Obamacare
just so you guys can defund Parenthood, gut Medicaid and give a tax break for the top 1 percent.
You are right.  I know how to fix that, #singlepayer.  But, we know where you stand on that. Quit concern trolling.
what was it Before ACA? And what do they predict After #Trumpcare ?? Numbers are not your friends in this argument..
And that a number you're going to beat!! (as in make even worse).
because Texas didn't expand Medicaid.
how many people I. TX is going to lose insurance under trumpcare. How high are the premiums going to go up for the poor.
.@JohnCornyn and you didn't give a shit until Obama care existed. The GOP plan is nothing but #CorporateInterest #shame
How many will be uninsured under TrumpCare? That is by far the better question? HOW MANY?
all the more reason for a single payer system.
those numbers about to get much worse under billionairecare brought to you by repubs
how about taking the expanded Medicaid as part of #ACA
"Only 28 million people were uninsured last year, compared to just over 48 million in 2010."
You fundamentally don't grasp how you're a big part of the problem, do you? It's only going to get worse under Trumpcare.
we've developed worst maternal mortality rate in industrial world, all to score cheap political points against Obama. Now what?
So 9 of 10 are insured under ACA. Trumpcare is a disaster. If passed, there will be riots in the streets. #GOP better do better.
TrumpCare is supposed to reduce uninsured, not worsen it!
Give all Americans the same coverage you enjoy. #trumpcare is a #AmericanDisaster
what is your point? Medicare for all 10 in 10 insured.
So your job is to bring that down to 0 in 10. Improve Obamacare.
everyone should be insured, I doubt you believe this strongly, you worried about these 1 in 10?  Going to fix that?  How?
release Trumps taxes. Nothing any of u trump apologist say matters until u release trumps taxes. Trump won't because he's GUILTY
With a livable minimum wage people could afford insurance.  Many in TX have been uninsured so long they don't see the benefit.
largely because of the obstructionisim you have been complicit to.  You & the rest of the GOP have tried to gut this since day 1
So, let's make it worse.  Great point John.
And what are you doing about it? Wait and see what the CBO score is on Trumpcare & then explain how that helps TX. #DoYourJob
as long as you are insured by the taxpayers who cares about the rest of us? How are you investing your $174k?
do u honestly think it will be better under trumpcare?!?!
so your Response is to make things worse and go back to numbers before the ACA? That's strange logic
Trump making his Texan puppets make that number higher?  Dance puppet dance
problem is the new healthcare plan will kick millions off.  So then won't the number uninsured be bigger than it is now?
How many before ACA? How many with AHCA?
you're protesting too much
so it will go 5 in 10 under GOP plan. Is that progress?
well then you need to fix this- not add more people to the uninsured
access to care is not healthcare. Make ACA better no worse. The tax refunds are a joke
What is your better idea? Why wasn't it presented when the ACA was written in the first place? DO YOUR JOB!
great, let's make it worse with your partisan garbage plan.
3 in 10 with RepubliCare. Resign so we can place someone with a bit of common sense in your spot.
Then fix it!!  Don't throw out the baby with the bath water!
a lot better than pre ACA.   Will be worse if insist on this joke of trumpcare.
wait until a few hundred thousand Texans find out their rates will go up after repeal.
1 in 10 doesn't seem that bad...tbh
which will increase under #AHCA
What % uninsured in TX? What were the numbers before ACA? Numbers need context. You should know that, unless you're fooling us.
Isn't that the best it has been in the nation? It is going to be 2/10 or 3/10 uninsured under #Trumpcare for more money.
@johncornyn how many more will be uninsured under #Trumpcare?  You need to stand up for the people in your state, not #donthecon
isn't that awesome? A huge improvement from where we were pre ACA. Expand Medicaid in TX and it will improve more!
and you are making more uninsured.  Congrats! Sleep well...
how many were uninsured before? Hmmm?
The sad part is, we see 9 of 10 as a feature, whereas you somehow see it as a bug. Ayn Rand would approve, so hooray? #Trumpcare
ya'll rejected the expansion of medicaid. you cant contribute to the problem then complain about how bad it is.
Tryancare would greatly increase the number of uninsured. I would be one. I do not want to be. Please save #ACA.
We r still waiting 4 u to represent all yr constituents, not just the rich @RepSenators @HouseGOP ! U r out to take care of u !
And what is the CBO score for #Trumpcare ?  I'll bet the number of uninsured goes up significantly.
Trumpcare will: 
–insure 15 million LESS ppl 
–give tax breaks to rich 
–make coverage more expensive 
–dismantle Medicaid
Change the ACA to make it better.  Find out why they choose to do this.  Do you know why?
which is a hell of a lot better than what it was before, you have to be a fucking Trump tool to be this stupid
Also can we all have the same insurance you have...problem solved!
Are you promising trump are will fix that? Because if not please have seat we don't need to hear anything else you have to say.
I wonder what that number would look like had y'all not blocked the Medicaid expansion?
it is a huge improvement over the number from before ACA.  Please use the correct name and do not show your ignorance.
how many will be uninsured with the Medicaid cuts in #Trumpcare .@tedcruz .@RepKayGranger  .@fwgetinvolved
- sounds like it's time for UNIVERSAL HC in US. We'd all like the plan Congressional members have. Aim for 0 uninsured
have a #townhall & explain why Repub plan is better 4 the uninsured...or is it just better 4 ins cos & the rich?
With each tweet you become more pathetic and less re-elect able.
you fail to mention that's the lowest uninsured rate in American history
How do you even have the nerve to post this? You have done little to nothing to change this number.  Your plan is DOA.
and #Trumpcare increases it
You saying there's a problem with those who do not want to purchase Insurance? They willing paid the penalty. What's your point?
Why can't we have your insurance? Give us yours.
It will be more than that under #Trumpcare! We'll keep paying more for insurance while they and politicians get more money.
The more Ryan/Republicans Tweets about something, the more you know it's going to be terrible for Americans
Insurance isn't a right... it's about priorities.
rather a misleading statistic but that is so you. Bend the numbers
still: avoid all of this fingerpointing and strife. Medicare for All. Just do it.
and going much much higher under Trumpcare
and YOU want to make it more!! Fix BIGLY!!
that means 9 of 10 insured under Obamacare?
Delete your account.
Will this new plan guarantee coverage? If not, then why do you care?
Want to insure everyone? Go with a single payer system. Be honest about Trumpcare many many more will not have affordable care FIX ACA
So something to help instead of hurt.
42 mill uninsured b4 ACA, 20 mill+ insured, GOP reducing insured ~15mil=BRAGGING GOP RETURNING UNINSURED LEVELS BACK TO 2012
aren't many of those Texans? Doesn't Texas have a high mortality rate related to pregnancies? What have you done 2 improve?
THAT's called FREEDOM! We'll know soon #'s to be uninsured under TrumpCare & will NOT be their choice 
http://fortune.com/2017/03/08/gop-healthcare-plan-aarp-ama-aha/ …
What you & ur cronies are willing to do to your fellow baby boomers is unbelievable. I want the same health care you have!
, then make it better. Don't repeal it, fix it!
When penalty is removed through Trumpcare, how many will choose to go uninsured? What can you do to help? Constituents need it.
Ok, so how are you going to improve it? Wait, you aren't, simply because the GOP has been having wet dreams about repealing ACA
And....therefore you want to increase that number and make it worse for everyone!? You're tweets just show how clueless you are.
Maybe you need some some ruby slippers to make that incantation work?
could that be due to the pulled advertising?  Maybe people were confused by the misleading "repeal & replace" bs & didn't opt in
so the GOO plan won't kick people off insurance to make it worse?
OK, what was the uninsured rate before the ACA?
@antipandemonium @JohnCornyn It's 8% now. Before ACA it was 16%.
I'm not sure what argument you're making here. Where do you stand on the current proposal that will make it worse?
So....let's increase it then?  I'm not sure I follow your train of thought here...
your party line tweets sicken me. TX w other states, refused the Medicaid expansion. #TrumpDontCare is going to make worse.
9 of 10 insured under Obamacare?
I don't understand his point.  @antipandemonium @JohnCornyn
what was it BEFORE Obamacare?
THEN FIX IT!  DON'T TEAR IT DOWN!
it's about to be 8 in 10 under Trumpcare
or higher in states enacted Medicaid expansion. But @SenateGOP @HouseGOP don't care doesn't affect them or their own.
Exactly. It's sad.
And millions will lose their insurance under the proposed Republican plan. UR point?
will more be insured under new GOP plan or less?
so.. you’re aiming for what? 5 in 10?
so cute, your concern trolling on this point. Name a single thing you have done to improve the uninsured rate. We're waiting.
ACA literally cut the uninsured rate in Texas by a third. What have you done of equal impact, Senator?
not only are you enabling a kleptocracy you're also lying to take care away from the poor in exchange for billions for the rich
And the House plan is a giant, fricking taxbreak for folks who make 200K+ a year. This is unconscionable. You know it.
"And with the AHCA, we can do 2/10, maybe even 3/10."
And the GOP's new plan fixes this how...?
what's it going to be with RyanCare?
#TrumpNoCare?
Are you saying that number is too high? Cause with your voting record, I'd guess that you want it higher.
Texas contributed by refusing to expand Medicaid.
and Texas has done nothing to help this. What can we do in Texas to make this better?
take the expanded Medicaid that is part of the #ACA
Texas hasn't done that and doesn't plan on doing it so @JohnCornyn must have a solution rather than just a problem.
but he doesn't have one and doesn't plan on having one that makes it better.
realized I'm not conveying my sarcasm well. He's clearly doesn't care about making things better.
