Why? So liberals can come on and act like idiots, crying and plundering because they didn't win.
Have you noticed that there have been disruptions at several town hall meetings? People get pd to go
seriously dude Texas has highest uninsured rate in the country, what the heck are you doing to help?
Are you sure? Most get Medicaid, don't report cash income, and drive nice cars. Get your facts rt.
can you show us your source for this claim please?
Come to east tx. You'll see misuse everywhere.
I've been to east Texas. I've seen a lot of racism in that area.
ironic choice for someone so antagonistic towards immigrants.
Antagonist only toward illegal immigrants who are wanted for serious crimes.
so this is what a wall is supposed to do, protect us from serious criminals? Don't hold your breath.
Now something we can all agree on! You know like reproductive healthcare and great public education!
You know tacos are Mexican food, right??
how bout you do your job and face your constituents? #CornynFailedTexas
Beef is the word, not taco!
Get on this, as soon as you investigate Russian ties to Trump and interference in the election, and fix healthcare
there's a story here. Keep the pressure on @JohnCornyn to talk to us!
Stop wasting time on BS like this. U should be listening to msgs in ur voicemail and planning #townhalls in TX!!
are you going support putting a wall around the tacos?
How about we focus on basic human rights as the official dish of Texas? #SaveTheACA #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
There's certainly something worthy of your attention. Beats the hell outta listening to those pesky constituents.
your constituents are making the case for your scheduling of town halls
you know what goes great with tacos? Basic human rights.
Whats your favorite kind of tacos? Bofa?
I'll have my tacos with a side of respect for my constituents please
What is this??!! Our nation is in crisis and you tweet about tacos! Yes you are part of the problem! Signed #TheResistance
Then you admit that latino culture is a pillar of Texas' identity? Then stop the scapegoating of TX latinos. #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
Yes! This exactly. These ppl a r neighbors & fam.
#tacos, another thing @JohnCornyn has more time for over constituents!  #WeArentSoDifferentYouAndI #ScienceMarchHou
Texas taco expert makes the case for tacos as the official dish of Texas http://m.chron.com/news/houston-texas/texas/article/Texas-taco-expert-makes-the-case-for-tacos-as-the-10921450.php?cmpid=twitter-mobile … via @houstonchron
if I made some, would you have a Townhall Meeting so we can express how appalled we are with your leadership
If Congress doesn't do its job, it's going to be borsch!
That's rich coming from a guy who wants us to build and pay for a wall between Texas and Mexico
When and where are your upcoming Town Hall meetings? No info on your website.
I really want you to introduce legislation holding @POTUS to the same ethics rules as cabinet appts. #DoYourJob
Agree a town hall would be great. Chance for two-way respectful discussion, not talking past each other.
I'd give you a crawfish taco since you like back tracking on everything
Tweeting about tacos will not make your constituents forget the apology you owe us.
I think crow would be a better choice
Tacos! Seriously Tacos? When will you answer the phone and hold a town hall!
bet u have a committee for this important issue
Don't you have an unqualified, ethically-challenged billionaire to confirm or something? #DoYourJob
ahhh, a Chron article you want us to read - I like the one that pointed out you're a toad better
We agree on this one point. Everything else. Not so much.
oh hell no.  Chili without beans.
I think there are more important things you should be worrying about right now.  Like the crazy man in the WH
@CraigHlavaty John, I feel ya. I love me a good taco but I cant enjoy it when you don't listen & vote poorly.
always stealing stuff from minorities
mmmm, tacos! and human right and reproductive freedom and an educated citizenry!  and beer.  Yum!
it seems you are afraid to meet with your constituents that don't agree with you on issues. You are unavailable
patronizing a newspaper that's been critical of you?
Glad to see that you're working hard on real issues John. How about talking with and listening to constituents?
#45 wants to build a wall to keep "those people" out.  Stand up to him and object to his immigration policies
With a shameful 4.6 million uninsured residents, Texans need healthcare, not tacos. It's time for a #TownHall.
as a Texan I request fewer taco tweets and more town hall meetings
oh wait, more implies you've had at least 1 town hall meeting.  My bad.  I request a town hall meeting.
would the brisket lobby stand for this?
I wld expect great enthusiasm if they are brisket tacos or breakfast brisket tacos. Great source of protein #EatBeef
Fact: Texas has the worst public education in the country.
.@TXLegeFactBot .@JohnCornyn .@HoustonChron .@dallasnews No mention of disabled students. Even worse for them thanks to 12 year illegal cap.
Fact: Texas’ voter ID law violates the U.S. law prohibiting racial discrimination in elections https://goo.gl/UA1iXU 
this is what you focus on when Texas is rounding up immigrants! Good god man! You are vile!
Hell of a message when ICE is rounding up people in TX. When's your #TXTownHall? Come back and face us.
Or you could focus on reaching out to your constituents?? #TXTownhall #WheresCornyn #WheresCruz #WhyHide
BS on tacos, BBQ should be official dish!
No. It's still barbecue. Tacos second.
how about the Official Dish of Tuesday?
Steak or BBQ. At least for now Texas is still in the USA
I blame Trump for there not being a taco truck on my corner, especially when I want tacos.
Seriously Cornyn? Do your job!
i grew up in Mexico, taco enthusiast for sure, and *I* wouldn't even tweet this. Do your job pls.
you mean tacos with borscht? You know what that means? Investigate borsch, we will take care of tacos. Integrity!
Invite the public to a town hall meeting and we'll bring the tacos.
Fact: Texas' draconian Voter ID laws target the poor, black, Latino and elderly. https://goo.gl/0ifK7Z 
The irony....and you want to build a wall dude! That's food inspired by our southern neighbor. Despicable
THIS is what you post while ICE is rounding up Mexican immigrants???
So....a taco truck on every corner? Interesting choice for a guy with your views on imagination.
snake, you should be promoting kielbasa sausages. 1. They're German descent. 2. U like how they feel in your mouth
so you will be serving tacos at your town hall in DFW?
Tacos are #Mexican food. #Republicans don't like Mexicans. Why would you want to eat their food? #sarcasm
my vote is for Texas BBQ the best in life he country!
We can talk about this at a town hall, too! @maddow @TX21Indivisible @IndivisibleTeam #TownHallNow
NO WAY. It should be Texas BBQ
sure, makes sense, probably something that all texans can agree.
thought Chile  was the official dish?
Glad you're on top of the pressing issues of the day, since everything is rainbows and unicorns in Texas.
engaging on TX human interest stories-solid social media strategy. Arguing about voter fraud, ignoring other issues-less solid
I'll be happy to help get a few taco trucks for the DFW townhall.  If it happens, we'll need more than one!
you know, we wouldn't mind you tweeting about tacos if we also knew you heard us on policy.
John, this is great news, but I'd like to your thoughts on Flynn, Trump/Russia, and ACA. Should I come to DC?
According. To his office the Thursday meet & greet will be your only opportunity #HostAnHTownHall!
I'll buy you one at your next town hall in Texas. Please come talk to us.
shut down planned parenthood but don't fret, WE HAVE TACOS! #priorities 
Idea-have a #townhall in Houston and have Taco trucks on every corner
Let's get a taco truck for the Town Hall meeting you are overdue to schedule. When will that be, exactly?
so we're cool with immigration now then? Mexicans did bring us tacos after all.
actually, when we stole land from Mexico and kicked them out, we kept the tacos.
WOW. The responses that just happened on your TL, and you end with a Taco story? WOOOOW. cc @brianmrosenthal
I love tacos! I love freedom more. Health care. Reproductive rights. Solid, well- rounded education.
Our country is going to hell in a hand basket and THIS is what you are concerned about? #NoVote4U
Great. What about Russia?
Seriously: What about Flynn and phone transcript evidence? #OpenTheInvestigation
Yes! And Trump's pretending he doesn't know about those reports? #OpenTheInvestigation
Not surprising this is the type of crap you're worried about when #Texans need health care.
who cares?
