It'll transform it alright....in very horrible ways! People will literally die!
36 countries are more efficient with their healthcare without killing their poor.  We need someone Christlike.
Bill only needs 2 do 2 things: 1) published charge sheets in every office/hospital & 2) sell insurance across state lines. Then, get of way
Remember Watergate where 40 were indicted and served time in prison. As your constituent you look very likely to spend time in prison.
Yes, our country will be reformed, but not in a good way!
Rich will get richer you mean???
Have you read the CBO? 22 million not covered .  Does that bother you???
Have you actually read this thing?
Sure will. By making it LESS accessible and completely unaffordable for even more Americans.
Transform doesn't mean improve. Bless your heart.
Here's what your "in deep fear over Russian Investigation" leader had to say about cutting Medicaid... Just 1 more LIE TRUMP TOLD #GOPLiars
Please stop talking! Stupid is....
Well if you count murdering millions of poor and middle class.. yep
Another big crock of BS. There is this magical thinking that tax credits will reform health care it doesn't address the lack of revenues.
Affordable for YOU, maybe but not for teachers. Will YOU put YOUR family on this plan?  Have a conscience VOTE NO.
Do right not Right
Forbes is a smart guy.
Please don't do this to our health care
I have an expensive chronic illness & employer coverage. Lifetime maximums will kill me. Vote no. Constituent 76028
The bastard had a hand in writing it! He won't vote no. We need to hold him accountable for this crap when he's up for reelection. I will!
Yeah, transform millions into bankrupt serfs of the wealthy
Would like to see for myself.!
Oh, it'll transform it certainly for the worse. Can't wait to vote you out in '20. Constituent 78213
Well that author was a real cheerleader for that plan. I guess we don't need any more info on the matter. What a bunch of S#!T!
The bill sucks and is still Obamacare.  No tax, no mandate, but still government healthcare
Yeah but making the poor poorer and sicker  and the rich richer and healthier
By turning its patients into junkies, looking for their next, over-priced hit of health.
Transform doesn't always mean improve!
Death Party.
No a single payer health care for all would do that
Sure will.  It will transform it into a monstrosity.
You know "transform" doesn't necessarily mean "make better", right?
The Plague transformed Europe.
Transform does NOT equal improve
"Transformation" is an awfully fancy word for "destroying."
The problem with tax credits is it requires people to buy the insurance up front. People complaining the most don't want to pay anything!
Do you ever wonder where the comments supporting this bill are? Maybe.... supporters don't exist.
Forbes--a rag for the top 1%. Shame on you Cornyn. I wonder why every medical association is against this? UR bill is only WEALTHCARE.
Yes huge tax breaks for rich.  The lack of character this bill shows is telling.
Yes by kicking 24 million people off of healthcare you horrid person!!!
I see why you're tweeting this out. They quoted you at the end 
Into the crapper.  Are you willing to adopt it as your plan too?
yes by kicking millions off of Medicaid and BIG tax breaks 4 wealthy @indivisibletxjc @indivisibleATX @MSNBC @nytimes
Yea it will rip Medicaid from the most vulnerable to give a tax cut for the rich-sad #NoCutsToMedicaid #SaveOurCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
Ain't gonna happen
If it does happen we need to vote every Republican out of office when their reelection comes around. I'm voting mine out they don't care
And you're a public servant in the same way that "How to Serve Mankind" is a cookbook.
The transformation from AHCA is not a good thing. Calling your office to have you vote no because you can do better for all Americans.
That's headline.what does the article say? No link. Prob. Negative. As we Texans like to say. Dont piss on my boots n tell me it's raining.
It's Wealthcare, and you know it!  Shame on you!
Not feeling confident state of Texas will improve medicaid. Think: CPS, therapies for special ed students, education funding, roads. Hard.
You and your party have become a threat to Americans and our values. We are giving you fair warning. Proceed at your own peril.
You push too far and you'll find yourself crawling to your donors begging for consulting work.
Transform? ACA provided care 2 poor. GOP version covers wealthy, not poor. Piss-poor planning promotes poor performance. That means you.
And let's not forget his FIVE TWEETS CLAIMING HE WOULDN'T CUT MEDICARE, MEDICAID OR SOCIAL SECURITY! He campaigned on how he was different
it GUTS it! All for rich fat cat tax cuts. I guess Forbes is for that! U know Texas will not reform in any good way!
quit pushing @Forbes propaganda - it is the rich preaching to themselves
If by "transform" you mean 23 Million Americans will lose healthcare in order to give wealthiest Americans an $800 BILLION TAX CUT, ok sure
Glad to see you're up early spewing misinformation, John. Just imagine if you spent this much time crafting a decent bill. Wow!
I hear it's just Obamacare in a new wrapper. You didn't really repeal anything.
No "transformation." Improve existing law or burn it down & give us #MedicareForAll like every other civilized society in the world.
#tcot #tlot #teaparty @marklevinshow WRONG! No repeal, just a continuation of BAD HEALTHCARE for American citizens by the elite legislators
LIE! (jeez, it's so easy to dismiss this bull....)
Transforming isn't always good.
will you tell us why we should take your word over Senator Cruz's?
Its a transfer of wealth bill.
Just like Katrina transformed the Gulf. #TrumpCare #TaxCutsForRichDicks

john...  Get yo life!  Y'all so fulla . If y'all really wanted repeal y'all would send the many bills yall sent 2 obama
That's an understatement. Much like an asteroid strike would transform earth.
How about we don't cede control of our personal lives to the government? Then we don't need to be afraid of politicians.
I understand your point but don't feel that extra tax on our wealthiest to allow our poorest medical care cedes control.
That's not what we're doing, though. Everyone's taxes and insurance is affected.
You're making my point. How about it doesn't affect all of us so deeply and personally?
