All Senate R women are working on Obamacare repeal and replace bill https://twitter.com/carl5480/status/860839629230153728 …
Massive hypocrite. You take potshots at Democrats every day day and then pretend you want to work with them?
It's called politics..if the Dems really cared about their voters they would try to get better healthcare for them..not drag them on in ACA
You have no idea how this works, do you? 
Quite educated in it..please tell me how refusing to fix the healthcare system like the democrats are doing helps people?
"Quite educated" lol. I've seen your  timeline. Run along now and let the adults talk.
Or you can get a firm grasp of reality first. Tweets like that last one make it obvious you're just swallowing what you're told.
As usual no substance just deflection,your losing and have nothing to hold on to..the democrats want to control you life and your ok with it
*you're. *you're. I don't need to do your homework for you. Learn how Congress works, then go back and see which party hamstrung the ACA.
So you can blame them for the body count?
Your a fool..continuing down the path of Obamacare would bankrupt the health system because insurances were backing out..
Backing out because R legislators have vowed to end it for years. Companies don't know future so leave
They were backing out before the election..if the system was working they wouldn't care what Rs say
what's sad is the $millions spent setting up, enrolling millions of people, aligning with law=wasted $
And you can thank democrats for lying about it and wasting the money..
No CBO?  No text ahead of time?  No real discussion or examination of bill before voting?  Hypocrisy
It's the same bill with amendment changes..the democrats wouldn't do the CBO score cause it would prove them wrong
Good for you! Save our healthcare coverage..Obamacare was as a scam..let the states control their health insurance for their people!
Heck, even I wouldn't join you. The GOP stink is so bad it'll reek from now to 2018, and on to 2020! Y'all are GONE!
You wont live to see another democrat in the whitehouse. obama screwed that up for the rest of your life and your grand kids too.
Ally, you just can't get anything right today. I'm sorry. Maybe next time. :(
Watch and see. YOU PEOPLE ARE through for good
You people? To whom are you referring Ally? Educated? Informed? Sane? Nah. We are just getting started.
Dont think so. Your president is gone and Ameria wont make another mistake like that for at least a generation
gop needs to take control of healthcare policy leadership from fascist, socialist dems....#1 issue to retain majority
As my Tyler Texas grandmother used to say " your ass pumps buttermilk". 
Translation: bullshit!
D's would prefer not to participate in killing their own constituents.  Rs, on the other hand, have no such rules/standards.
What else are the R women supposed to do? You and leadership will punish them if they are not in lockstep with you.
Ha! Show me the good faith reach across the aisle you have made on Healthcare in the last 8 years.  You are the definition of disingenuous.
#FullRepeal First Sec of ACHA from House says PPACA is "modified".  We did not vote for the GOP ver of Obamacare. #NotWhatWeVoted for!
Did you formally ask them? Will you honestly listen & take their constituents suggestions into consideration?
We invite you to a #TownHall but cowardice seems to be a #PreexistingCondition for you. That might not be covered under the #AHCA 
To invite D's to a repeal & replace party is like inviting U to a civil rights march. It's more an insult than an invite. But U knew that.
Best reply so far Michael.  Well said!
Democrats want to fix Obamacare Republicans want to break it can get tax breaks for the 1%
hot potato in GOP hands- Take the GOP crap off the table- do proper study/research bi-partisan- or all u really want is DEM cover @txlege
Work with Bernie
GOP could fund the parts of ACA they sabotaged & make changes to make it better, but want tax cuts for rich instead. HYPOCRITS!
It's wrong, stupid and downright evil to give tax cuts to the rich and make the poor suffer for it.
We want the system Australia has!  @POTUS said it was better.
Stop complaining about Dems and do what's right for Texas: vote NO on AHCA.
Nothing less than universal healthcare is acceptable.
We??? Who is that???
AARP AND AMA disagree with the plan
Would love to see the CBO score......
we need universal healthcare!
When you have no use for any D's and McConnell will never allow it
Why is the whole panel male?
They don't need photo ops quite as badly as your viagra ad party
Cause you will strip women of medical benefits! #RUSSIA #INVESTIGATE #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad #JOKE
Good luck with that. lol
Crook
We, your constituents invite you to hold a town hall and work with us.  #coward
Nah, you should stand alone in leaving Americans to die.
Why would Democrats have any interest in this murderous plan? Rs own it. And they can choke on it. It's their "pre-existing condition."
Did you put this out for all to read before voting on it? I didn't get all the facts and I vote GOP.
Every time Republicans say the words REPEAL and REPLACE, they reinforce the true goal, which has nothing to do with providing healthcare
How about while y'all are in recess you have a townhall and meet with your constituents?
Really? Because your tweets give the impression you are pretty hostile towards them. Who have you extended a personal invite to?
Sounds like they (R's) want the political cover to screw us over some more by pretending to include Democrats in their disaster health bill.
Hypocrite. You made being a woman, a child a veteran a senior a pre exsiting condition. Bite off more than you could chew?  Retire John!
When is your extramarital affair gonna be reported on?
Helooooo Universal Health Care!
Step 1:  Scrap what the House just passed.  Step 2:  Write up what Australia has (that the President said is better than us).
Mighty gracious of you. Will you work with them if they do? That's kinda your job, isn't it?
who is in the working group, John?
You're a hypocrite and a fraud.
You're R bullshit has lost ALL credibility with the American people. Prepare for the most massive landslide imaginable in 2018. Mark it.
How exactly? On Twitter?
Just work on #repeal. Nowhere in the Constitution is federal involvement in health care allowed. Separation of Health and State.
How about you look at the popularity of Obamacare and fix it. It's not perfect, but it's a great starting point.
All five of them? Is this a joke @JohnCornyn?
I guess john will not be seeking re-election. He'll just screw everyone he can on the way out.
why not get with the countries that have good health care and see how they did it. Why reinvent the wheel at the tax payers expense
- Maybe that would have been better use of GOP time last 7 yrs. Then they'd have had real HC reform for the Am ppl
they were too busy cashing their payola checks.
We invite you to explain your support #AHCA at a #TownHall. You're beginning to sound like a #preexistingcondition in the Senate.
We invite you to not consign our loved ones to state death pools for having pre-existing conditions like diabetes, pregnancy, being raped.
You won't listen to ALL of your constituents, so I doubt you'll listen to any differing views.
I appreciate the effort on part of R party to invite the D's to join in on this. God's Blessings and guidance as you work diligently. #MAGA
A bunch of white GOP men making decisions for the rest of Americans. Remember Senator who gave you power, WE the people 
Bending to the pressure. John this not about party.
Why are so many pieces of this "great" new healthcare specifically harmful to women??
Because women refuse to be sub-servant to white men. We don't know our place and since they are in charge they think they can punish us.
They won't because they oppose the death penalty.

