Obamacare’s tax credit was for people 100-400% FPL.  The tax credit in the Senate bill is 0-350% FPL.
There is no type of insurance for the kind of sick you are, sir. #ACA @IndivisibleTeam
The premiums and deductibles would be astronomical!! Not to mention the out-of-pocket costs.
What good is the tax break if you can't afford it in the first place
Never mind that private insurance costs will skyrocket and you won't be insured with pre-existing conditions and you'll have lifetime caps.
You do realize @JohnCornyn that most really poor people pay little or no tax. It's only the wealthy that drool over tax credits.
A person who earns $14k pays $360 in federal tax. If you give them 100% tax credit, do you think that pays for health care? W/ no Medicaid?
When they get $9000 a year and have a preexisting condition? I guess they don't need to eat or have a home or clothes. It's unrealistic.
That's not even enough to pay for an apartment for a year.
This legislation only has positive impacts for congressmen who get millions from lobbyists.
Also, what does a tax credit mean if you earn 0?
a little tiny tax credit that won't get you a bare bones plan because GOP wants the poor, the sick, and the elderly to die.
So, the big losers are those from 351% FPL to $250k? Isn't that a pretty large number of people?
In other words the WEALTHIEST 0.1% WILL GET ANNUAL TAX BREAK OF $207, 240 while EVERYONE ELSE GETS $265! What HC can they buy for $265??????
Jesus Christ. You have no idea what people actually go through month to month.
His pockets are full of Koch money. He has no clue.
350% is still to Generous With Taxpayer Money. PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY. I'm sick of paying everyone's bills. I'm with Rand Paul and Mike Lee
If you think that's not a reduction in benefits you need remedial math.
Giving a tax credit to people too poor to pay taxes is just another "Let Them Eat Cake" solution.
Stupid plan.  How are poor people supposed to afford insurance with a lousy tax credit?  GOP bill is really a tax cut deathcare bill.
That is a LIE and you are a LIAR!
The poor can't use a tax credit.  When you're already living paycheck to paycheck, you can't afford insurance on a promise of a tax credit.
Stop misleading us as to what the bill does. It's a dumpster fire.
Tax credits do not guarantee coverage. You have no clue what life is like for most of us.
Let's get this healthcare reform passed!!
That would be a big fat ZERO help to someone whose income is too low to use that tax credit! you know, like someone who is below the FPL.
How about giving citizens your coverage?  You have it better/either senate gets what we have or we get what you get. Thats better.
I don't want a tax cut. I want healthcare for low income folks that cannot afford it. I want all pre-existing illnesses covered. SHAME
Unless they have a preexisting condition. Unless they've already reached lifetime max. Unless they need maternity care. Etc.
How about a FULL REPEAL?  We didn't  give you majorities to tinker with Obamacare.   #whatwouldCruzdo #repeal
u r not concerned about poor, elderly n u prefer insurance company executives to b paid
While millions lose ins & Medicaid is slashed-what a shameful scam. Let's see the CBO report before you continue your sales scam
How does that help the disabled kids you want to take Medicaid away from?
how does low income family on budget pay the high cost of insurance deductibles for a year in order to get a credit at the end of the year?
how does this help poor families at the poverty level who pay no taxes?
Will women be able to use those subsidies to get on a plan that covers abortion?
Tax credits don't do ANY GOOD if u don't pay very much tax. Are u saying if the tax credit is greater than taxes people will get refunds+ ?
But Senate bill wipes out subsidies to make deductibles and co-pays affordable. Near-poverty Texan's deductible would be 50% of income.
This is bs! 0-100% were supposed to get Medicaid. A tax credit won't make up for losing it. This bill will kill people! Blood on your hands!
I am retired, fixed income, barely over FPL, not old enuf for Medicare, so no tax credit for me? Currently receive under OCare. Can I afford
I want to support this bill, but can you explain where that leaves me?  Seems like I will be one of the ones falling thru the cracks?
you are! I am 61 in same boat. Laid off, job moved to India. This bill costs me thousands per month!
We were promised that Medicaid would not be touched.  Lies and the lying liars that tell them = Republican Governance.
Tax credits are useless to people who have little taxable income.
Credits of an amount insufficient to actually purchase health insurance at projected costs.
Senate HC plan: the more you earn, the more you pay for insurance. https://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2017/06/23/republican-senate-healthcare-bill-creates-scary-marginal-tax-rates/amp/ …
Or you could leave things in place, fund the payments and stop lying to Americans. Oh, right - you're the GOP. You can never tell the truth.
A subsidy or a tax credit? People in poverty don't pay taxes and can't afford to purchase private plans. Because, you know, THEY'RE POOR!
tax credits don't help people who don't have money to front it. Clearly won't work.
Lying liar! Sad really.....
Riddle me this Senator why is the thing you all are using to sell a HEALTHCARE bill is the tax credits? Not actual care accessibility...
Here's to screwing the people in the middle!!
Will there be no exemptions for congressman and senators and their staff?  If there are then, then it's just BS like obamacare
Abd why the retro tax breaks? Oh, forgot about your rich friends and lobbyists
One gets the impression that the senator doesn't have the intellectual capacity to understand why this is not an improvement.
Single payer insurance. Healthcare is unnecessarily complex. Ditto on this bill
78213 Admit it Johnny, you don't want people to have single-payer so people will be beholden to insurance comps who profit from suffering.
#TrumpCare = #DeathPanels
So disingenuous. What use is a tax credit to someone who doesn’t pay federal income tax?
Remember Watergate 40 were indicted and served time in prison. Sounds like you could be one.
A tax credit that no one can use to shift money to the people who can afford care. I am very disappointed in you sir.
Tax credits only help people who have money to begin with, you dingus.
But the only policies they will be able to afford will be worthless. You know it & all Republicans know it.
So you like Deathcare? Like that choice between bankruptcy and death? Let them eat cake!
Sorry. We're not going back pre #ObamaCare when ppl bought cheaper insurance only to find out when really needed it they weren't covered
I don't think you even know what credits are. It's not like it's a check that shows up in the mail. It's part of tax return... If eligible.
Now you give us a Wealth Care Act....not an afford health care act....wake up and see what you all are doing. .just to pacify an inept man
Ok, but you're tying the tax credit to affordability while simul. widening age bands, removing EHB, and gutting mcaid/mcare.
So while the first part is sorta helpful, the others jack up both premiums AND cost sharing.
If you repeal our healthcare, we will repeal your career.
They'll be dumped into high risk pools controlled by horrible people like Greg Abbott. The tax credits won't help.
And let's welcome back preexisting conditions and lifetime caps. We know you missed them...but hope you never have a gap in coverage.
Cornyn underwater in Texas: https://www.texastribune.org/2017/06/16/uttt-poll-voters-grade-top-elected-officials-texas/ …
Texans don't approve of you or Trump.
No not true.  Preminums will go up for  the average person. Especially those like us  between 55-65.
The bill uses the word “mother” twice, both in relation to abortion, and specifically to how it will cut health care for women. On page 8,
PittieBoo asked you a question, please answer.
Because poor people survive daily in tax credits, right?! Why don't you get a clue and actually listen to some poor people? Good grief.
Single payer.
What kind of "access" to care will they have?   What will their insurance cover?  As they say, the devil is in the details.
If you couldn't afford it before, the tax credit isn't going to put money in your pocket to help pay for it now,  nor does it drop the cost
You can be sick. You can be poor. Just don't be poor and sick.
Which they won't be able to afford if they have a pre-existing condition.
We demand congress must live by which ever insurance they pass just as the public has too. And term limits on congressional members
so many lies so much lack of integrity and character.

Bc you are trying to gut Medicaid, even for those who it is a guaranteed right so they can retain their freedom.
Tax credits go to the wealthy, insurance companies and everyone else is paying for it. Do not take us for fools. #GOPWealthCare #GOPCoverUp
And if I am a sick senior and the insurance company can raise my rates by 5X? Or a pregnant woman who's work plan won't cover maternity?
So in other words insurance companies will get more govt giveaways to offer worthless policies to the poor and not cover pre exist condition
How do these credits fit into the postcard Spkr Ryan keeps touting as the next greatest thing?
Hmmm, tax credits means first of all to make enough money to file for taxes, secondly, that means out-of-pocket costs until tax time

Will that tax credit cover private health insurance? And why are the wealthiest getting a tax cut when they can already afford insurance?
"Women would pay $1,000 more a month for maternity care," says @PattyMurray. TX leads maternal mortality. Pregnancy becomes death sentence.
Why are so many of your fellow GOP senators opposed to it already?
Massive reallocation of wealth from poor and elderly!!
Then put Congress on this same plan
The conversation needs to be one of personal responsibility, choices & consequences. Otherwise, we are on the slow march to #Socialism.
The Left's time bomb of Socialism is evident in Social Security, Welfare & Medicaid/care. SS started as 3% tax & very limited scope.
Taking some ppl's money to save others from consequences of own choices is wrong. 50% of country is obese, which is top driver of US illness
Protect the most vulnerable. #NOCutsToMedicaid #NoCutsNoCaps
The ultimate would be to get govt out of the way & let the Market work. You know, like it does for auto ins. Lots of choice, tiers & prices
Have a conscience VOTE NO.
Do right not Right
Will the tax-credit be enough to buy private health insurance? Will insurance companies e capped as to how much they can charge?
Both ACA & AHCA fail to provide healthcare for all. We are still racing to the bottom. We will soon be a 3rd world nation for the 99% of us.
Lol... so people who make zero money will get a tax credit? So generous
The huge premium increase for seniors (5 X's) is disastrous to seniors & will lose a lot of votes for the GOP.  Please change this feature.
Single payer needs to happen
If our nation is so great why can't we afford health coverage for all our people. Poor kids are worth the same as rich kids. #Indivisible
#NOCutsToMedicaid
150% of poverty= $9/hr for 40 hrs/wk. $6000=ONE THIRD of pre-tax income. So, choice becomes hc or rent, hc or food. #BCRA https://twitter.com/larry_levitt/status/878605553705943040 …
Tax credits don't help anyone making minimum wage.  Get off the tax credit business and do some good for middle class and lower
TRUMPnoCARE is not healthcare--it's KILL BILL PART 2-Senate VERSION and it's not the MOVIE.
The way that those "credit" are given is absolute cruelty.  NO constituent 75074.
Why are you trying to talk about this horrible idea like you are going to change anyone's mind about it? Tax credits don't cure anything.
In other words-------------WHITE MAN SPEAKS WITH FORKED TONGUE.
Private insurance they can't afford, after you allow insurers to discriminate against pre-existing conditions. #clueless
Sen. Cornyn, is that tax credit refundable?
We get that you are deliberately misleading us about how reprehensible this bill is. And we vote.
I'm sure parents like @aliranger29 will be so happy to accept your tax credit in place of her child's life. Shame on you.
A tax credit will not pay premiums. Mine were $670/mo. Will you give me $8040 up front to buy? Then cover deductible and overage after cap?
Why is AARP against the bill?
This is like DeVos' education vouchers: Useless to the poor. Like giving away caviar spoons at a homeless shelter.
Do these tax credits come on the front end to purchase insurance or are people reimbursed later? Poor people can't afford to pay first ...
"@larry_levitt UnderACA people w incomes up2 150% of poverty pay avg deductible of $255. Senate bill wld b > $6,000
How effective is a tax credit, though? Is that realistic that it would help people?
Tax credits don't benefit people who don't make enough to PAY taxes and you should know that. #DoYourJob
You are NOT a Texan. A true Texan takes care of those less fortunate, sick, or elderly. You treat us as roadkill. I DARE you to live at FPL.
And the 1%, what is the tax break they get from the bill??
Who going to regulate insurance companies and prices THEY choose to set? #76177 town hall? #fakesenator #RUSSIA #investigate #work4TEXANS
JUST REPEAL 0-bamacare and leave my healthcare alone! WHERE in the constitution is authority over health insurance given to the fed gov?
Will a tax credit pay each person thousands of $$/year for insurance? These costs are for young healthy people, not elderly or disabled.
only if the premiums are affordable after their rent, utilities,and food R paid more GET REAL MAN @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC
I have many friends whose lives were saved by the ACA. Please don't kill them. #StopTrumpcare #nolifetimelimits #nopreexistingconditions
Why don't u have an emergency townhall on Monday so u can further explain this & let some of us voters ask legit questions?
Please defend the retroactive tax cuts in this bill.  I have not heard ONE Republican defend this.  NOT ONE It is shameful in every way.
This isn't enough.  Giving us a tax break while taking away our access to plans that are actually affordable IS NOT HELPFUL.
#nocutstomedicaid #norepeal #keepthemandate #savetheaca or give us universal health care!
Private insurance that won't cover pre-existing condition or health screenings and have enormous deductibles. Useless!
We ain't rich... we ain't buying it!!
Will the state of Texas be asking for a waiver so insurance companies can deny you for preexisting conditions & have lifetime maximums?
Yes, it will.  I just moved here and am struck by the God-awfulness of its representatives & the sheer number of people who buy their shit.
I'm a native & remember the good ol days when Ann Richards was our governor. Our state is now run by the cruel & greedy.
I'm a big fan of her daughter and all she does for Planned Parenthood.  I'm appalled at what's coming out of the statehouse today.
You can put lipstick on a pig all you want. It's still a pig. The bill stinks and you know it. Take care of your constituents.
Private insurance that won't properly cover health maintenance, maternity care, pre-existing conditions... so basically paying for nothing
Are you going to have this insurance?? Or are you going to profit from it?  MEDICARE FOR ALL. And then, FUND IT.
You Pro-Life You care only about unborn children once they are born .Let them suffer or die with no healthcare Because You need a tax cut
A much, much lower tax credit
Sir, have you assessed the cost of health insurance? I employ 9 people, and I know what it costs. How will retired or disabled afford it?
I voted for you and will continue to do so. Thanks for updating us on the plan.
So tired of  "people are going to die" scare tactic. If no insurance caused death then OBAMACARE is mass murderer. Be realistic to be heard.
Try making sense.
are you still defending redistribution of wealth? Weak.
get your act together or I'll gladly vote democrat in 2018 - at least I'll know what I'm getting when I pull the lever
the choice is yours now but mine in 2018
dang it...2020*
Senator, you are attempting to defend the indefensible. This bill is EVIL.
It really doesn't matter, Senator. If you can't afford to feed your kids, how the hell do you figure a tax credit will help pay for ins? SMH
Have you seen the deductible go@up@under ACA. You libs put us through worst raise in healthcare ever and now you all have moral compass
All bullshit. The bottom line is millions will suffer while a very few will gain tremendously. You don't represent Texans, you're with Trump

It seems fitting that, with the #TrumpCare debate raging, I got this bill in the mail today from Ethan's most recent open heart surgery. 
With benefit caps, no requirement for essential services, higher premiums and deductibles, many will not be able to afford health care
Great, if you itemize your taxes, if your in that % that has nothing to file a credit is perfect, like giving a thirsty man a cup w/a hole.
Does TX still have the highest uninsured rate in the country?
Highest infant mortality rate too....on par with third world countries.
I'm a constituent with a cousin who depends on SSI and Medicaid & lives in group home bc he is profoundly autistic. U r destroying him.
If person/family's income so low no taxes due..how do they receive the credit in order to pay for insurance? This is worrisome to those folk
all this does is direct tax dollars to health insurance companies directly, for no visible benefit,and cut health care to cut taxes on rich.
"Tax credit" in another words you mean "taxpayer subsidy". For someone who didn't like Obamacare you're sure pushing it under a new name
None of that will matter if premiums are cost prohibitive, preexisting conditions aren't covered, and maximum coverage caps exist.
THIS
This bill hurts the most vulnerable among us. I do not support it, and I do not support you for voting for it.
U haven't fixed problem of healthy ppl maintaining coverage 2 keep premiums down. U rely on too small tax credit 4 ppl 2 pay 4 premium spike
Tax credits that are less generous than those in ACA, resulting in higher deductibles and co-pays. No ESB mandate resulting in less coverage
Less coverage+higher deductibles/copays+no individual mandate = more opting NOT to purchase insurance = higher ER visits AND DEATHS SIR!
It's terrible legislation and it's not repeal and replace. You guys lied to us.
Why is there a retroactive tax credit for those making over $250k?


@JohnCornyn is taking great care of his big $$ campaign contributors. To hell with his actual constituents.
$180k from healthcare lobbyists...
care as we as elderly Americans can't afford health care
John Cornyn wants someone you know to die. #themoreyouknow
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
with this horrible health care bill you are signing my wife's death certificate as she needs Medicaid to pay for her health
It is still a shifty plan
As a Veteran I am disgusted by your mendacity and lack of integrity. Vulnerable people will die from this bill, and we know you know that.
You mean a SMALLER tax credit, right?  Because the only people that benefit from your traitorous plan are the wealthy.  #WeAreSickOfYou
And if they don't pay taxes? Medicare is the only option, and you are cutting that.
That's not just tax deadbeats. Lots of the poor pay nothing in taxes even if they file every year. And a small credit won't cover insurance.
Tell us who benefits the most from this bill. What kind of tax break is going to the top 10%?
How will you pay for this, since your tax cut for the super-wealthy is taking away the funding source ...
Give it up, John. No one is buying the lies and misinformation. The people are speaking. We don't want this. Shut up and listen.

The American system of checks and balances is only as strong as the leaders who have the character and courage to enforce them.-The Atlantic
and we’ll pay more for worse coverage. Where is a REAL upside to this? I am constitute and am disgusted.
Agree. People w/pre-existing conditions (my son) are in deep trouble, too. High risk pools aren't going to help. Cost is too high.

