You guys have very short memories.
Without merit or without #MerrickGarland?  75189 voter, totally disgusted with you and @SenTedCruz. 2018, then 2020. We won't forget!
It's almost like Republicans with Obama, except yours lasted, 6 months was it? Refresh my memory...
and not even allowing a vote on a candidate is completely without merit and undemocratic. Where is your statement on that @JohnCornyn ?
.@SenateGOP @SenateDems @JohnCornyn "we're not unprecedented!! you're unprecedented!! merrick who? La la la la la la"
Like that time you made up a rule about not letting a president in the last year of his term appoint a justice? Turnaround is fair play.
Really?! The fact that this nominee chooses corps over people or how about the fact that Judge Garland should have gotten a fair hearing?
EXCUSE US!UNPRECEDENTED? U HAVE NERVE. ILLEGITIMATE SCOTUS JUSTICE.
Your constituents, myself included, are sick of your nonsense. You are gone in 2020. And we will be so happy to see it.
Can you all grow up? Oh wait, you all are already grown; sad that you won't get any better than you are now! Senate; useless like the house!
Oh yeah, Merrick Garland!
Sort of like the unprecedented and meritless blocking of Merrick Garland without even one hearing. You put party over country, hypicrite
What happened to Merrick Garland was outrageous and pure partisan politics. Do not blame the Dems, blame yourselves.
You are all hypocrites.  2018 and 2020 are coming..time to boot all of your sorry butts to the curb.
Sen. Cornyn, I've voted for you repeatedly, but now I'm evaluating alternatives. Ted Cruz prefers to be Pres; I'll never support him again.
Really, why do you insist on following in @realDonaldTrump footsteps----STOP LYING
Oh Senator...how wonderfully you personify TERM LIMITS to most of us!!
Exactly right! We the people, need to push term limits on ALL elected servants!
The longer you blindly back trump, with horrible approval ratings, and ignore you constituents the more you show your true motives.
You keep using that word "unprecedented" - I don't think it means what you think it means.
You have all given up your party and are now lapdogs for this administration. You don't care for our country just lining your own pockets.
The same could be said of your party obstructing the confirmation of Merrill Garland. It's your suicide if you guys go nuclear.
Unprecedented .... I do not think that word means what you think it does #GarlandMemories
How about the President and his administration are under investigation for collusion with Russia?
Accept your complicity in blocking Garland, give up on Gorsuch and make Trump put up a moderate candidate that both sides can mutually accpt
Says you. Sorry to say the Reps have lost their credibility with many of the loyal voters like me.
Remember when a bad nominee meant another was offered? Remember being bipartisan? Those were the days. 
Those who live in glass houses...
Bullshit #SenateGOPFOS
All of Congress is without merit,just take your recess
Current admin is under investigation #TrumpRussia & 45's SIL is in charge of, well, everything. What are you doing?!
BULLOCKS! Those of you in the GOP lie and cheat to get what you want, which is NOT WHAT YOUR CONSTITUENTS WANT AND NEED.
As was your treatment of Garland - and btw, your treatment of President Obama for eight years. Payback time.
I guess all of the examples your esteemed colleagues across the aisle during debate didn't count.  I wish we would have had Merrick Garland.
No confirmation while WH is under investigation. #NoGorsuch
Gorsuch has demonstrated willingness to allow employers to impose religion on employees. Vote for liberty. Vote no on Gorsuch.
it would have been way more cool to say "ALMOST every..."  and killed the "completely without..." part.
@JohnCornyn read ur replies, & atleast consider what ur constitutes are telling you. If y'all change the rules, bad news! Same ole cronies
you are changing tried and true rules to fast-track Trump appointees. Poor judgment.
#gorsuch is so much worse than I realized is he even American? He doesn't respect the laws or make decisions based on them!
Every excuse for your existence breathing my oxygen is completely without merit!
"completely without merit?"  seriously?  lol, ooookay.
#MerrickGarland
snarky little H Y P O C R I T E !
How about...Merrick Garland doesn't lack empathy or plagiarize. Also, bef. Dems. blew up  y'all had obstructed 79 Obama nominees.
Plenty of Merritt senator.
When is the town hall?
#ImpeachTrump #FactsOverIdelogies
Hello. John the man who nominated Gorsuch is under criminal investigation by the FBI.
Your excuse for Garland was a lame duck presidency.  Yet you'll support a treasonous president under FBI investigation.  Your true colors.
Every excuse the GOP — and you — came up with to not hold hearings for #MerrickGarland were, and remain, without merit. #politicalsuicide
1) it's not unprecedented 2) if Rs had not shut down #MerrickGarland Dems wouldn't have to filibuster
The democrats are not worthy to represent the USA. Lawless brats.
Advise and consent. You did not! Merrick Garland should be SCOTUS.
the won't be allowed to fillibuster because the nucealr options going to be  invoked so  they can threatend to philibuster all they want.
Another day of rhetoric by @JohnCornyn When they choose the nuclear option that will be on them. They can own every bit of it.
"It takes 60 votes for controversial matters" @SenateMajLdr  HYPOCRITES! Just WAIT til u lose power
Every one of you need big boy pants
Admit you over reached and were deficient in your duties with #MerrickGarland and you might get a pleasant surprise #ReachAcrossTheAisleBoys
It is not however without MERRICK!! #MerrickGarland  - if the @SenateGOP would apologize & admit wrong with Garland, perhaps if not? RESIST!
Hypocrites!!
Kind of like your excuses with Merrick Garland...
You Sir are so wrong!  As my Senator I want to know why the nominees views and judgements against workers, women, disabled don't disturb YOU
At least Gorsuch got a hearing. The Dems did their job. Where were the Reps last year. Oh yeah, obstructing.
Hey John! Remember when your marching orders from Mitchy the Turtle was to literally stop doing your job and obstruct Obama's every move?
The @gop have no dignity, honor or merit.
Hey John! You're probably right - your constituency's short term memory is probably bad. They won't remember Merrick Garland...unprecedented
It is since Rs stole the seat which was also unprecedented!
Merrill Garland????  Convenient amnesia
You're without merit! #MerrickGarland
Really? After Merrick Garland?
Staggering hypocrisy
How about the "excuse" #Americans come up with? We DO NOT want a #SCOTUS nominated by #POTUS under investigation for crimes against #USA!
And what excuse does the GOP have for not hearing Merrick Garland?  Also without merit?  What goes around comes around.
Oh please. They even got to debate Merrick Garland. You're so duplicitous#dishonest
Bubbas, you brought this on yourselves with your abuse of Senate powers. You kowtow to the buffoon who sits in the White House. #dunces
Without merit? Oh did you mean without Merritt? Yes GOP should have had respected non political Judge Garland enough to vote. Gorsuch evades
Gorsuch is a plagiarist. There's a reason. #GorsuchPlagiarism
#60votws
What you have done to Garland was also unprecedented. You have gone down a slippery slope. Nuke bad for the minority party, think twice
Except for the fact that Republicans blocked Garland.

My how you whine when dishing up what you serve.

_
You didn't even give Garland a hearing. You filibustered @SenateDems 79 times. Your hypocrisy is extraordinary
You are a partisan and a dweeb to boot
Garland is a good one
Dems have a VERY GOOD REASON to filibuster!! we'll ALL regret it later! NO nuclear option! no nominee til #Trump/Russia investigation done!
And you @GOP want to confirm a law breaking plagarist?
@GOP broke the system when they wouldn't give #GarlandNotGorsuch a hearing. #youbrokeityouboughtit
Of Course it is! It has NEVER happened before! No Logical Reason NOW!! #ChangeTheRule
Filibuster
John, there will be no reward for the mindless risk you are taking with your support of Gorsuch. The stench of hypocrisy persists.
You are completely off base on this and unhinged from reality. These are not "excuses"–they are REASONS. Vote on Garland, then we'll talk.
Except how you stole a SCOTUS seat...
#Gorsuch is a bad choice. Absurd rulings. @Scotus unanimously overturned. Poor decision on #AlphonseMaddin Gorsuch belongs in lower courts.
You are a hypocrite! Merrick Garland! #cowardcornyn
Really?  @GOP says no SCOTUS vote in POTUS last year, and yet Trump in last year...hypocrites?
Not an accurate statement what so ever. Thank you @SenateDems #BlockGorsuch
GARLAND.
Sorry, read that as "without Merrick" as in Merrick Garland.  You know, the previous candidate for this position that you screwed over.
Do you know what merit means? It doesn't appear so. You seem to think like 45, if it doesn't fit your view, it's fake. 2020 coming.
#MerrickGarland #StolenSeat #StopGorsuch GREED OVER PEOPLE, party of cowards & crooks. Gorsuch= $$$ ovr individual liberty! #holdthefloor
You're kidding, right? GOP "filibustered" Garland for almost a year. Give me a freaking break! 
But it was okay to not have a hearing for Garland? You, sir, are lying to yourself.
What about Johnson's pick, Abe Fortas, in 1968? Difference between now & then: then it was bipartisan.
@SenatorIsakson @sendavidperdue @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @SenateDems  #holdthefloor #StopGorsuch #StolenSeat #TrumpTaxReturn #Trumprussia
MAGA snowflake!!!!
Except....ya kinda never voted on Garland yet. Vote on him then 1sr, then I'll call Schumer and tell him to vote for Gorsuch
DC Circuit...Merrick Garland
It is your duty to block the appointee of a POTUS UNDER FED INVESTIGATION FOR COLLUSION w/ Russia. #duty
#MerrickGarland #RUSSIA #lies #excessivevacation #DOyourjob work for TEXANS NOT GOP!
Democrats are a bunch of radical idiots hell bent on destroying America!
Every blatantly ridiculous statement u make like this is an insult to the intelligent citizens of the USA
Yes, objections are without Merit (sic) Garland. Obstructionism GOP pointing fingers. 8 yrs no budget, no immig reform, no ACA plan, etc.
The filibuster is not unprecedented. The GOP's abuse of it is. That's how we got here. The nuclear option is just that. Don't do it.
Just like every reason you gave to ignore Garland completely.
Every argument spewed from your lips is without merit.
Go nuclear!
Tell me again the reasons the GOP wouldn't hold a hearing or vote on Garland? Also, look up hypocrisy.
Go get 'em Senator. This is ridiculous treatment of a well- qualified justice who values the Constitution
Here are some reasons: 1. Merrick Garland. 2. Merrick Garland. 3. Merrick Garland. *That* was unprecedented. Get the picture, Corny?
You are about as disingenuous as it gets.  Country before party!  SAD!!
Every outrageous excuse they came up with to shirk their constitutional duty to provide hearings 4 Garland remains completely without merit
pot meet kettle
Do you even read your speech before giving it?  How was Garland's nomination handled?  Just replace Garland for Gorsuch and read it again.
Pull him and you wouldn't have to worry about it
Bullshit!
Not entirely unprecedented...
Your blocking of Garland was also without merit and you know it.
Yet you people never even held confirmation hearings for Judge Garland, wasn't that unprecedented #GETREAL
so you're mad they're treating you like you treated them? About time
Here's an idea- work to-fucking-gether sellouts! You may be surprised what happens when you're not being giant douches...@POTUS
Gorsuch is getting more than Merrick Garland did so don't start whining about what the Dems are doing. #Hypocrite

#MerrickGarland
that is maybe the dumbest thing you've said yet, John. I heard many legitimate reasons that have 1/
nothing to do with McConnell's own filibuster. Gorsuch is bad on his own. Change the nominee.
and stop lying to people. We're smarter than you want to believe.
They only needed one excuse - Merrick Garland.
It's sad that I used to think of you as the least embarrassing TX senator. Now it's a tie. cc: @SenTedCruz #StopGorsuch
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
Know what was without merit? Your inexcusable treatment of Merrick Garland.
Interesting. Should have preceded your tweet with"I believe."  There are many that disagree with you obviously, and for good reason.
GOP has said many times, the burden of proof is on the nominee. Watch:
Well wow!! You people seem to fit the definition of hypocrite.
How about Justice #MerrickGarland @JohnCornyn @tedcruz
gorsuch believes the wealthy have more rights than an individual !  his ideology is extreme !
Hey Remember Past 8 years?! How much merit did you have to shut down the government? How about deny active President his right to apptSCOTUS
This isnt a necessity you have your President over half of Republican Party involved in a international money trail of evil forget Gorsuck
Every past SCOTUS nominee has gotten more than 60 votes for confirmation. Maybe you need to pick a better justice, buddy.
Just as every excuse the senate GOP made for hiding in their offices from the lawful nominee was without merit. You made this cake.
But not even giving Merrill Garland a hearing is ok? #hypocrisy
Merrick Garland.!
Garland
You and your cronies are completely without merit
Constituent here - How is a filibuster different or worse than Republicans refusing even a hearing for Garland? Seems hypocritical, no?
Absolutely ridiculous the Dem's are acting like children who didn't get what they wanted so now they are having a Temper Tantrum. GROW UP
Hmm, you seem to be in the minority here!!!
HaHaHa not among the Senate Republicans... that would be you in the minority
Garland
Totally w/Merit!!! #NoGorsuch. He stands against #WomensRights #LGBTQrights #WomensHealth & I #StandWithPP
Remember Merrick Garland
now you are just talking shit.
And what about #MerrickGarland
There will be a democratic avalanche in 2018 if u go nuclear. This would b the sleaziest thing the gop has done this year + that's hard 2 do
#MerrickGarland
Gop is a party of hypocracy. You impeded Obama  on everything over 300 fillabusters. You changed the rules last year + u want 2 do it again
You've gone a full year with 8 justices because u chose 2 not allow Obama 2 appoint a scotus. 45 is going 2 b in prison soon 4 treason WAIT
Merrick Garland. That's called a reason. A good reason. Not an excuse.
#voteGOPout2018#voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018#voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018#voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018#voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018
Wake up! He's a terrible nominee. Have integrity.  #NoNuclearOption  #ImpeachTrump
The same could be said of your obstruction of Merrick Garland...hypocrite!!
Absurd waste of Tax Payers money ACTING LIKE JUVENILES AGAINST AUTHORITY. REBELS WITHOUT A CAUSE.
Dark money, hates civil rights, loves businesses over people, Merrick Garland, plagiarism,  not answering democrat questions, too far right!
John Cornyn refused to even meet with Merrick Garland.  Now he feels entitled to lecture Democrats about "merit."  #FilibusterGorsuch
Does GOP ever put country over party?  It is a YUGE mistake to change the rules for a #SCOTUS.
Except that Gorsuch is wrong for the spot. What was GOP excuse for not voting on Garland for 9 months? Can't have it both ways.
The president is under FBI investigation 4 collusion with foreign power 2 influence election + treason. No lifetime appointment until donel
So was your refusal to seat Garland. Therefor, your argument is invalid.
What was your excuse to our real potus Obama? @realDonaldTrump is in his last weeks as treasonous president
Cornyn is the biggest blowhard of them all, but in this case I agree.  Term limits and mandatory retirement for all.  no more DNC and RNC!!
the more of a mess the D's throw out the more will fall in future elections!!! Do the Nuclear and B dine
I suppose that depends on your priorities doesn't it?
get Gorsich in, then they can't use that as a decoy from truth they R hiding from what Obama admin. did
A MAJORITY of the American people are against seating justice while FBI is investigating the administration.  Republicans =Purchaed Party
Wrong
