and a yam liar peddling Russian policy
Expand Medicaid and make adjustments to make it work for everyone.  We all deserve quality healthcare.  Listen this time!
#FullRepeal  #NoObamacarelight
And what have you done to fix it?  Time to reach across the aisle and work for Americans.  Country before party.
Perhaps it was corporate greed, like the CIGNA-Anthem where CIGNA pulls out of profitable markets to prove a point! Capitalism?
Congress must heal itself & divorce from 45* for USA

AHCA proof America awake and watching Congress

#2018 coming fast
#2020
Whatever you do, don't punch the Obamacare tar baby.  Dems desperate to stick it on someone else!
Frustrations peaked with your attempted repeal/replace. Not all exchanges have this issue, let’s replicate the success stories.
single payor John. Its this gop congresses only shot at redemption. Do sumpn for people instead of being an ins co brown noser
Really? Is that why approval for ACA is at an all-time high? It's got +4 approval. Congress is -43 and this nonsense is why.
you don't listen so I'll keep saying it: ACA problems will be helped by funding risk corridors & tx doing medicaid expansion.
the real frustration is you had 7 years to come up with a better plan and you are still pointing fingers. This is on you now.
We don't talk about insurance reform--but that's what we actually need. It's not a regular good or service.
Greed. Investigate pharma. Drugs prices up exponentially. Insurance companies are sacred cows. Not a free marketplace. U know it
Zip it please.
u had 7 yrs 2 get it right. Republicans control the house senate and executive branch and  ACHA didn't pass because its a P O S
Do you have nothing better to do than whine on Twitter?  Find out why rates are higher and DO SOMETHING!
DUH, it needs Repealing.  Can't hang on much longer.
and the GOP stalling/obstruction did not  help. Besides a risk corridor had been built in to let it shake out
We *know* there are problems. But offering a worse solution than the ACA is not an option. 75238
which would not have happened if GOP held states hadn't refused to do Medicaid expansion. Thank you Texas
Especially in red states, like Texas, that didn't expand Medicaid.  Ask Kentucky, they love ACA.#DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS 75831
@POTUS Donald Trump left it all on the field... I mean golf course when it came to Repealing and Replacing #Obamacare
Expand Medicaid in Texas! Texans are paying for 29 states & the cost of uninsured in TX thru taxes. Texas leadership clueless!
The GOP worked with the Dems on the Medicare drug plan. Work on the insurance markets under the ACA. We want good legislation!
,  work with Dems to make it better!   That's your job.
Fix it! Don't repeal!
Don't allow the health insurance companies to back out!
So what other ideas do you have or are you just going to whine.
Why did Republicans choose 8 years of obstruction? The desire to see Obama fail was stronger than desire to help people, right?
we're not stuck w anyone, 4 yrs (or less) goes by fast when watching a comedy (of errors).
then do something about the insurance industry crooks
I love my improved benefits due to ACA like no preexisting conditions: free physicals, free birth control and mammograms.  Bigly
work to improve The ACA, not repeal it..
how bout coming up with an original thought and help cover Americans honorably instead of repeating headlines all the time. FIX
It's almost like someone wanted it to fail...who could that be?!? Thankfully, it's YOU who failed, Senator. You and your party.
still beating the same old, tired drum.  Time for fresh blood?
expand Medicaid in texas
- And yet you couldn't kill it. Even with control of govt. Wonder why? Popular despite problems & miles better than AHCA?
That was all caused by Republican sabotage. ACA would be working fine now but for spiteful GOPers.
Impose a penalty on any Insurance company that opts out of the #ACA. If ppl can he penalized, so can corps. "Corps are ppl too."
Tired of your BS. Fix the problems. And don't offer insurance w/o hospitalization or drug coverage bc that's NOT a solution.
you are just the worst.  Your party just tried to pass a plan that was so much worse.  Get a clue and do something helpful.
texas should accept medicaid expansion. Boom, done, you're welcome.
then do your job and fix it. You had 7 years and came up with a pice of junk your colleagues couldn't get behind.
Because of sabotage. The American people voted for this law. You dishonor them.
quit sending tweets & have town hall so voters can give input cause u clearly have zero original ideas
Again, fault of the GOP. Instead of working to make it better for "EVERYONE".  Not just the rich people. Don't blame the Dems.
Enough talk 7 years to come up with a plan and have done nothing but complain draw a check and do nothing to stop obama.
Stop whining. Fix the ACA. Do something that actually benefits Texans.
When is #Twitter going to create a dislike button? Perhaps a calavera.
get over it already! You FAILED! U supported an awful plan and u FAILED! Move on! Good grief!
In Texas?  I thought TX opted out.  Too bad for us.
The people want more benefits at lower cost, but that means we borrow money against future. Debt. Payment $228 billion 2017
I bet if you asked any Democratic Senator they would be willing to work with you to fix problems. Bipartisanship you asked about
This is now the GOP's WATCH. Ur in charge, need to FIX the ACA.  Forget REPEAL!! Hold Stakeholder & TOWN HALL mtgs!! Don't rush!
Well I wonder what you could do about that?
don't let insurance companies run rampant and get rich on our health
and your party, along w/ the insurance industry worked very hard to make sure there were fewer options. Great job Johnny.
I know. Let all the sick ones die. Amirite?!
Yes. And why? Because states like TX refused Medicaid expansion & helped gut risk corridors. ACA was never perfect, it was meant as a start.
You'll see the frustration up close next election cycle. Buh bye!
John, I know this is not as simple as a slogan, but many counties have only one option due to geographic monopoly. Look into it.
I believe with my heart that the gops only goal is to undermine the welfare of the American people.
John American troops are being killed by Russian supported Taliban, you do nothing about it!


Btw. CHCs are in the ACA. Need funding, but begins to lay med infrastructure in underdeserved places.
CHCs means a primary clinic and helps keep women from dying in pregnancy bc can't fly them to a Dr fast enough. Pro life.
.@JohnCornyn Rate increases went down with the ACA than before its passage. Options grew from ZERO to at least SOME for millions of people!
single payer!
, prices will continue to rise on any plan do to an aging pop8.
and this is not the case for all, you are highlighting exceptions, let’s address these issues. Post solutions, issues understood
Thanks a lot( but not really) Aetna! http://money.cnn.com/2017/01/24/investing/aetna-obamacare-humana-merger/index.html …
Wait until consumers see increases 2018 premiums & deductibles will bring with fewer insurance provider options
Fund the risk corridors. Beef up the mandate penalty. Fix the family glitch. Do less of a benefit cliff for subsidies.
And expand Mcaid. Done.
Problem for you John is people are WOKE! (Sorry to appropriate the term friends but it fit so well) 
1/ Risk Corridors: When Rs call ACA "failing," they mean "bec we worked to make it fail by refusing to reimburse insurers as law requires."
There's a solution. Universal Healthcare. But those who profit from the sick (big political donors) would never let it happen.
Because Little Marco stopped funding rebates to insurers with losses. GOP is responsible.
which coincided with the sunset of the reinsurance/risk corridor programs the GOP sabotaged
does this mean you are in favor of increasing the subsidies?
.@JohnCornyn happens every time government get involved with private enterprise. You create the problem then make it worse. LEARN THE LESSON
Just stop. Please. Eight years of complaining and obstructionism instead of working to make it better wasn't enough?
that's insightful. About as insightful as Trump's 'Who knew Healthcare would be so hard'
problem is instead of fixing that, y'all decided to throw out the whole thing and give us something worse. Far worse.
Case in point- the obstructionism started before the roll out.
Your party's agenda has always been to work against the #ACA at the detriment of real human beings.
Why do you lie, John Cornyn? Did you vote on defunding Risk Mitigation built into #ACA #Obamacare? You caused it
Because YOU and your party live to obstruct. You handicap the bill and then cry because it doesn't work at 100% efficiency?
why is the fact that state Insurance Commissioners who have authority 2 approve/disapprove these price hikes not being discussed
Because your party of obstruction is actively trying to kill it from within. Texas refused the Medicaid expansion. Why?
Because each year State has to pay a bigger share until around 2020 state pays 90%.  This year paying 30%. Raise tax
what is your state going to do when paying 90%. Raise taxes or lower benefits
