Have you never assembled a budget? Yes one line item will go up, but several others will disappear altogether (prem., deduct., copay...)
It's misleading to just look at one line item. You have to look at the bottom line. Americans pay more for healthcare than other countries.
No insurance co bail outs apply that 200 billion toward Medicare and Medicare expansion
My healthcare costs are a 22% tax on me, so couldn't we work as a country to do something smarter...maybe increase our purchasing power

The US is the only advanced nation that doesn't guarantee health care for its citizens. That won't change, unless we demand Medicare-for-All
one person's ask for single payer - stop your stupid propaganda.
Misleading half-truth.

Private, state, and local costs transfer to Feds. Total nat'l spending could actually fall.
Think about it: Even if total costs rose, why? B/c more people who need care would be getting it. They aren't getting it now.
So what?  Experience of other countries is that health care costs are held down by single payer.
listen to Sen Rand Paul he has the best common sense Health Care idea!!
We are supposed to be the best country on Earth and this is the best we can do for our own people.
Single payer is too expensive and not possible, says John. Somehow many other countries can do it. Guess they have smarter legislators.
Skinnier, healthier people.  Our fatties will bankrupt single payer.
Obesity is a whole other problem than fair access to quality care.
We can't afford single payer until we are no longer plagued by diseases secondary to obesity & sedentary lifestyles.
I understand your position, I really do - in my opinion, sick is sick and every life is worth saving. Doesn't matter if they are fat.
And wasn't your job as my senator to develop a BETTER proposal? And u didn't. SAD!
Show proof of what u r saying. We don't believe this 2 b true. We do believe it would drive repubs nuts 2 have everyone covered equally.
Better than paying for 45's golf outings, no?
Wow,  there are no solutions other than choosing winners and losers.  30  Global Competitors pay less, and costs 50% less than what we pay!
If we can't trust you to fulfill your responsibilities when it comes to the Trumps, how can we trust you here?
Republican 1st, American 2nd!
REPEAL!!!  THEN GET GOVT OUT OF OUR HC PERIOD!!!  LET THE FREE MARKET DO WHAT IT DOES BEST - NO FREAKING SINGLE PAYER!!!
Better that than killing people by ending their healthcare. You're a heartless monster
We are in 2017
there are ways to lower that if congress would stop supporting lobbyists for pharma & insurers. Work to get costs out, not ppl
I'd welcome a CBO score.  Also we are all aware that covering all people for everything comes at a cost.
And we'll spend much more than that with our inefficient system and still provide worse care for fewer people
False numbers. Do your research honestly and you will fond that single payer health care will save money.
New costs? Almost certainly false
How much was USAF new fighter? How much in tax breaks?
So do you believe CBO scores or not?
Or a $32 trillion LOSS for private insurance companies and their profiteering ways.
We're on to you Senator!  Better be ready to pack your bags
Leave Obamacare ALONE.  Fix it.
July 7 2017 London
We have a single payer health care systm: the V.A. That has not worked out so well. Please bring that up regularly. Fight back ag socialists
No insurance co bail outs apply that 200 billion toward Medicare and Medicare expansion
Some how the GOP wants Americans to believe that there is some kind of S#!ty health care force field keeping us from achieving what we want!
WRONG, as always.  Single payer is the best.  Wanna save money??  Cut defense spending.
With the benefit of better health care for everyone not just the well off!
Isn't it ironic.  A senator who doesn't believe healthcare is a right will gladly enjoy HIS own taxpayer Singlepayer coverage for congress
You've been in DC too long! You don't represent Texans anymore. You need to get voted out.
Lets talk about your plan. The one actually being voted on. Even the insurance companies call it a total failure.
By the way, folks, Cornyn is dishonestly presenting a right wing economist's opinion piece as US News reporting.
Is single payer on the table? No? Then what are you prattling about?
God forbid you can't give the top 1% tax breaks at the expense of millions of lives!!
Investigate other countries where it is working. Step outside your confining box.
No, we already pay $32 trillion per decade as it is. A $32 trillion single payer plan would be parity, but with universal coverage.
Also, many estimates were closer to $18 trillion, which would be considerable savings.
And the house literally just passed a ridiculous $696 billion defense spending bill.
How about you support an independent audit of the DOD instead of using your accounting error as propaganda against single payer.
And helping EVERY American.  How much did we spend last year on the military? What a great idea
Had #SinglePayer as a child growing up in the military. Loved it. Why is unlimited military spending ok but not healthcare?
That sir, is a baldface lie.  You know we can read.  77015
I just saw a show where young people were asked what socialism is. No one knew! Scary and sad!
It's more than doable if we start cutting corporate welfare and defense spending which is also a form of corporate welfare #cowardcornyn

I'll say it again-give us the same healthcare you have and we'll call it good. #HealthcareEquality
Single payer will happen John. The tide has turned. You're just to old to see it. Pack your Koch straws & start looking for a *2nd career*.
You're a f'n tool Cornyn. Corrupt as the come. You are an embarrassment to our state AND our country.
Keep fighting for us!! One of your Texans.
Question: was that score banking on medical costs being the incredibly inflated costs we see on insurance forms or the actual costs?
Oh so you do believe the CBO, but only when it benefits you.  Not hypocritical at all.
How much do we pay for Trumps golf visits to his fcking clubs?
Obviously it will cost. What are you trying to say? We have to pay taxes to cover it. It's worth it. We pay it anyway in higher costs.
And his way is the only way to do it. No other country has ever successfully implemented single payer? I can't believe how dismissive you r
Check with England on single payer. Talk about death panels!!!!  It's your duty to die! Are you ready for that?
Very misleading senator. Single payer system gives leverage to set lower prices for goods/services. Does the score consider that?
Who cares yours kills millions abc what with those wrongful death suites it's even
You'd rather we all die without insurance-more money for tax breaks for you.
Let 'em die seems to be the mantra of @gop when it comes to those who are sick.
#REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL like you promised. What part of REPEAL does McConnell not understand?
I'd rather blow it saving lives, than literally blowing it up.
How much does our current system cost, senator snark?
#2020
Again this will be more than 100 comments and only 39 likes. It would be reasonable to consider working with the democrats now.
You forgot to mention that the current system would cost $49 trillion over that time. Doesn't fit what you're trying to sell I guess.
Kill this bill
Isn't that about the same as the proposed Trump tax cuts, which will allegedly be offset by productivity growth that's impossible?
You cherry pick costs but don't mention it will be paid for and EVERYONE has equal access to healthcare
What you didn't consider was the Insurance Companies and Big Pharma made $40 Trillion over the same time period!
$40 trillion? Think you're a little off. Ins company profits avg 3% and most of that is from investments.
Actually you are correct, I was being facetious.  However, how Cornyn can have HC costs double while taking out the profits is not realistic
John, how will u explain yourself Bailing out on 22 MILLON and then, subjecting those who remain to plans that COST MORE and OFFER LESS

Yeah while saving trillions in overall healthcare costs over the same period. Man are you disingenuous
Honestly John, you at the very least accept that these public costs are replacing existing private healthcare costs – right?
take the profit out of health care
Tax instead of premiums, deductibles and copays. What is the problem with that? I paid much less in tax in UK than I pay in premiums here.
Bcuz of Obamacare my premium has went up 300% w/o any subsidy. Obama said they'd go down $2500/yr. another lie
Pretty soon you won't have to pay a premium because you won't be eligible for coverage. I'm sure that will be much better.
$$$ are b/c tens of millions of people havent had access to preventative care. Find the 10trillion DOJ lost & we'd be 1/3 of way to covering
Talk to Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch then.
Who cares? Sanders' proposal isn't on the table.
Scored by who? You clearly don't like CBO, so who are you quoting. You are becoming the king of fantastic fantasy # to justify your position
You know using made up statistics is a form of lying... of course you do! So are you a compulsive liar?
If the GOP plan is so wonderful, all Congresscritters should use it as their own plan. And yet, y'all specifically exempted yourselves.
We could pay for it if corpations/ wealtest paid their fair share. Are you willing to drop ins congress has for your plan?
Townhall meetings, Senator. You owe us an explanation for your behavior
More lies, John. Lies, lies, lies. Doesn't it get old? Is this craven old man really who you thought you'd be when you grew up?
Perhaps we should ask EVERY developed country how they've done it. Saving lives should not be for profit enterprises. All lives matter.
They are not as advanced in procedures and treatments as we are. Why do you think they all come to the US for complicated issues?
That's a myth. Just like American exceptionalism is a myth. We stopped innovating. They haven't. I'm sure that's what faux news & Rs say.
He didn't win.  R's are majority, and can't get it done.  Stop blaming, deflecting, and pivoting.
TrumpCare is horrendous...but you'll be rewarded with $$$ if it passes.  You POS
Give us Liberty - Plain & simple.  Government is not here to wipe our arse, Sir.

ACA works for me...still
Gee, want to help with my $800 monthly premium with no subsidy? I'm getting hosed on this deal. Ind mkt policies are picking up entire cost.
So I guess all those other advanced nations are just smarter. They do it with lower costs & better outcomes. I think we can figure it out.
Is he saying that Americans are stupid? It's just too hard to figure out?
Right. In 2015, Americans spent $3.2 trill on healthcare. That what the cost is x10 years
https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Statistics-Trends-and-Reports/NationalHealthExpendData/downloads/highlights.pdf …
Speak or listen to Rep. Donna Edwards who has MS and with your bill she is doomed!  What is wrong with you?
Other countries do it with taxes. But everyone working pays and everyone receives the benefits and it does cover everything and for less.
Have you ever been exposed to socialized medicine process? My sis-in-Law in UK would have died but came back to NYC for treatment.
Never said it was perfect, but it would have to be better than what we have. I am on Medicare. It is socialized medicine, so yes I have.
Medicare here is far different than European single payer. Did u know Obamacare cut $761b out of Medicare?
Last word from me: Medicare: Predictions have been made of it going broke for years. Repbu admins have "borrowed" from it before.
Medicaid is budgeted for and administered by the state. In Texas, only adults who received limited benefits are poor pregnant women and kids
And the women lose coverage after birth. Poor women with kids not working can qualify for awhile. But mostly children benefit.
And you would have those children, both relatively healthy and those with disabilities suffer, because you don't give a rats rear end.
And putting trillions directly into the econ with increased purchase power. If employers not spending millions on emp ins where's it go?
Senator, will we be successful this time w/ Healthcare? It seems we are keeping all of the taxes, why? Repeal then replace as @RandPaul says
By who? The CBO? The same CBO that has said your healthcare proposal would add $700 billion to the deficit?
You and your party are going down in and I can't wait to watch it. America will win as a result. 
No no no. You've 2 choices: you have no understanding of single-payer or you are deliberately misleading by double-counting existing costs.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
The @SenateGOP health care bill released today is the worst one yet: 
Resign Russia man #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare  #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
http://www.pnhp.org/resources/evidence-based-talking-points …
How many TRILLION did Trump adding to the deficit?

How the Trump Budget Could Bury the U.S. in Debt http://fortune.com/2017/03/17/donald-trump-budget-deficit-debt/ …
Yep. Single payer won't work since healthcare is big business. Gotta get them profits right Mr. Cornyn?
You had >7 years to develop an alternative. You show squat, & then complain & point fingers. Governing 2 hard 4 GOP?  Resign now.
How come every other industrialized country on the planet has figured it out John, but you still try to push your tax break for the rich?
Can the finger pointing tweets stop? You are majority whip & your complaints are childish. Where is GOP: tax & immigration reform, etc.
Is your goal to help Americans, or is your goal to attack other politicians? Are you fixing health care, or are you thinking of yourself?
Instead of touting benefits of @GOP plan, he rants on paranoid doomsday results of something that won't ever happen. He can't defend his .
What are you trying to do? Do you want to make health care affordable and accessible to all Americans, or do you want to point fingers?
Source with link? I don't see this on USNWR site. Not really trusting gop numbers right now.....
Here's an idea- establish a formulary for all med. devices and equipment and open bidding to int'l companies for gov't contracts.
Re: #healthcare - why not confer with Denmark, Finland, Holland, Spain, UK, etc on mkng #UniversalHealthCare a reality here?
How come other nations have it with better outcomes and less cost than we have?
Since when is democracy about fooling and confusing people, Sen? Don't you want to help ppl live their best lives? You too @tedcruz & @GOP
What do we spend on healthcare per year now? What if most/all of that was gone?
Senator, won't God judge us based on how we treat the sick and the poor? Wouldn't A Christian nation take care of ALL w/out care of cost?
There's a moral argument, fiscal argument is that investing in health will save money in the long run. Healthy people are more productive.
Then you should be for putting restrictions on what food stamp recipients can buy? No junk food, only meats, fruits, veggies and dairy.
Have you always been incompetent, or has it been a slowly progressing event?
Off topic. We won't be fooled. He lost. Why are u still concerned with him?  Now let's get back to @GOP monstrosity of a "health bill"

We need single payer health care
Now where could we find money for healthcare and peace of mind for all Americans? How about you trim some billions off the military budget?
How much will the tax cuts you are planning cost?
Hospitals and clinics can charge a small monthly fee to clients/patients in return for free or low cost healthcare in any municipality.
Let's do it!
Defct hawk Ds understnd tis.  Give us the public option!  Stop cutting the txes of upper middle class.  Let those over 55 buy into Medicare
Bernie's plan is unrealistic, but yours is vicious & mean spirited. There is a middle ground between fairy tales & horror stories.
Adding $74b to charity plan of Medicaid is vicious? You must be channeling Chuck Schumer.
Nope. Denmark.
Better to serve taxpayers than insurance companies.  You wouldn't know about that, though.
Not forcing people to buy a product isn't "losing care". I'm in ind mkt and my prem up 300% bcuz I'm subsidizing no pre-ex class. Fair?
Unless you are very wealthy, no you aren't.
heaven forbid we actually help people and save lives
Could be headed that way if all you bed wetters in DC don't get your shit together.
How much are we willing to do sacrifice for the lives of Americans. Other countries do it and we could, too. Step up GOP.
Why the insurance companies have probably "contributed" that much to your campaigns the last five years alone, John!  Enjoy your last term.
How much is the Russian Dressing in the WH going to cost this country?
Reach across aisle to improve #ACA. The only thing "collapsing" in a "death spiral" is Trump Presidency
So, if a single payer system is so awful, how come it seems to work in other countries?  Ddduuuuuhhhhh
You're a fraud, why are you exempted for this great health plan?
#LoseCruz18 saw to that for his family too. And taxpayers pay for their Cadillac health care. How is this moral? Well, @JohnCornyn?
Because he did a crap plan. Take a look at Switzerland and Japan.
Do they have 330 mil people to cover? No.
Someone obviously didn't bother to go read.
Single payer never happen....180M in groups dont want single pay
Yet you never complain about military spending.  Hateful faux Christian.
We already have it, its called Medicaid and Medicare and it works great for everyone. We've had it for 52 years, where have you been?
30% of doctors don't accept Medicaid patients. Studies have shown worse care than private ins.
No!!?!  #Health Care Reform Now
Let's Go Beto!!! Let's Go!!!
Is that why you don't want people to have decent medical care, or women to have any care at all? The money doesn't go in your pocket?
That's complete nonsense and typical Dem talking points.
You had 8 years to come up w/plan, yet here you are b!tching & moaning abt everyone else. Work WITH Dems to bolster the ACA. It's win/win.
8 years, then they try to slam one through in a few weeks.  Unamerican and cowardly.
I'll add to your list unprepared, unintelligent, and uncaring.
How about fixing the ACA instead? As if you were seriously considering Sander's plan at any time ever. Do your job.
California considered that too and decided they couldn't afford it. Math doesn't work.
The CBO reports are worth something when they report on the Dems, eh?
Nice strawman you're building John. Talk about BCRA...Bernie's plan is not what we have in front of us.
How much would gov't and individuals pay otherwise? One side of story as usual, Senator Rabbit Out Of A Hat.
Thank god for cbo and obm
Where is the link to the CBO on that?
Yes sir. Where is the evidence!

Cancer survivor shares with staffers of GOP Rep. Lamar Smith a powerful story about how Obamacare helped extend the life of a friend. 
Hey Mr Cornyn how much does your plan add?
It doesn't add, cause it doesn't result in actual affordable health care.
Actually last time I heard it still adds over 40 billion
Nope.  See link. Scroll to impact on deficit.
