Sleazy Kochsucker
How about your fellow outdoorswomen?

And healthcare?

#GrahamCassidy
Happy National #huntingandfishingday to my fellow outdoorsmen! No better place to hunt and fish than right here in #Ohio 
If you remain healthy enough to enjoy outside activities.  Vote no on graham Cassidy.
I hope that I can continue to enjoy hiking but that requires access to affordable healthcare. Vote NO on GrahamCassidy.
Photos of you killing animals doesn't impress most of us. Course, if that's who you are you don't mind killing us by taking away healthcare.
You spelled Idaho wrong.
U know I hate to say this but Trump is making clowns out of all you Republicans
When those hunters accidentally shoot themselves or others, they will need medical care.
Wow. This is tone deaf. How about telling us your opinion on Graham-Cassidy instead? Will you be voting NO?
Yes, I would also like the answer to that. And want that answer to be no! 
- 43147
Oops. Double negative I guess. Vote no @senrobportman
Enjoy it while you can. The guy you voted for, Scott Pruitt, is dismantling the environment, one protection at a time
Yeah let's go fishing! See Picts from Maumee R, Toledo OH 9/23/17. @senrobportman will u act? #huntingandfishingday #LakeErieBillofRights
OH would be 1 of the stars hurt the worst by Graham/Cassidy
Well except for around here when you'd have to wade through toxic algae to do so.
Yesterday on the Maumee 
So sad.
Then PROTECT our environment!
All you fishers and hunters need to support keeping Ohio's environment healthy. Fund the Great Lakes Cleanup
Tried fishing in western Lake Erie lately Rob ??
Nothing like playing Army dress-up while planning to take kids healthcare away.
Ew.

You voted for Pruitt...he doesn't care about the environment....neither do you! You're a liar!!!! #PhotoOpRob #Disgrace
Yes I used to love hunting but all the states in this country took the ride away from hunters another sad day in America
How about working on healthcare and voting against this bill?
So why not vote to regulate polluters and keep our planet healthy? You are such a #hypocrite.
Yes there is - Tennessee
Too bad you can't stay in Washington and work this hard! Sad!
Worst representation of Democracy I have ever had to endure. RETIRE.
Until @ScottPruittOK and @EPA let your business buddies pollute the fuck out of Ohio
You tweet about this BS when I can't sleep over #GrahamCasiddy? NO to #GrahamCasiddy
Seriously, @senrobportman, what she s your stance on healthcare? No to #GrahamCassidy
Hellerr algae blooms in Lake Erie are worse than ever, water contamination from fracking runs rampant & city of Columbus smells like trash ?
Rob loves the perks of the job, really doesn't care about his constituents. He's awful.
For the rest of us it's #GrahamCassidywillbankrupt-or-killus Day. Every day. Every day. Every Day.
How about you care about something that really matters! #GrahamCassidyNO
Enjoy it while it lasts before Scott Pruitt has it covered in coal waste. #ImpeachTrump #EPAIsAJoke
@Aszneth Let's make it a fair fight arm the animals.
Go spend it hunting with Cheney.
Stop ignoring Graham-Cassidy we want a NO vote!
Ohio doesn't have hogs or saltwater dude
Ohio needs better healthcare. Graham-Cassidy does not provide that. Vote no
1,061.
GOP Senator Laughs In Woman's Face When Asked To Stop Taking Fossil Fuel Money | HuffPost
MEMO: Rob Portman’s Record Of Looking Out For Special Interests - Ohio Democratic Party
Koch Brothers Spend Big On Vulnerable Rob Portman
Americans: a culture that kills with refrigerators full of food.
No Ohio I'd not great don't come here if u need care.
Your buddy Pruitt will make sure all the fish and ducks are dead soon. You supported a poisoner of the environment.
Vote no on this horrible bill, so that Ohioans have healthcare, and don't die. Mire important than hunting and fishing.
You've got to be kidding me. Healthcare for millions of Americans hangs in the balance, and this is what you're tweeting about?
BUT WHAT ABOUT HEALTHCARE??!! am I doing it right?
Join @ClevelandClinic and vote no #GrahamCassidy
All those people who accidentally get shot during hunting season are going to need health care.  Vote no on Graham-Cassidy.
It won't be if Graham Cassidy passes.
Well if Dick Cheney shoots you at least you have government paid for health insurance!
@senrobportman : Are you an experienced varmint hunter like Mitt Romney?
Great job staying current. Know what else is current? The health bill everyone's tweeting at you about that you're ignoring! Vote no on GC!
G/C takes healthcare away from millions, increases premiums 20% in the first year and raises premiums astronomically for pre existing cond
I hope they'll have access to affordable #healthcare. #FixACA #NOGrahamCassidy
Waiting to hear about the great things on the G-C bill that will help Ohioans! If it passes, I only get 1 or 2 more #huntingandfishingday 's

You can tweet about killing animals, but you can't answer your constituents about healthcare?! Ohio deserves better.
If someone read only your Twitter feed the would never know Graham Cassidy exists. That's puzzling. VOTE NO.
That's disturbing!
It's infuriating!
That too!
Protect our environment so we can support hunters and their access to public lands.
stop trying to kill and bankrupt millions with that crappy health care bill. YOU know it is awful. People will just go to ER..that is bad
What's ur position on health care. With Ohioans or with party?
Hope there isn't any accidental injuries. If you vote for the #GrahamCassidyBill They probably won't be covered
Is he with Cheney?

Every major health organization, or Donald Trump? This bill isn't dead yet. Tell your senators which side you're on: (855) 999-1663 
No better place to hide from your obligations as a senator than in the woods. You can’t read Graham-Cassidy if you’re busy killing animals!
