It probably would have helped to not adopt such a position of contempt and derision towards those that do not share your views.
seems like u just want us 2 go along w whvr GOP decides. Rem tho Sir, DJT carried TX v narrow margin. There r LOTS of us.
we want 2 b heard. U seem dismissive. That makes ppl mad.
???? I do not feel that you take those of us that don't share your positions seriously.
@bryant_cate (2) I am a grandmother seeking to be heard about policies affecting my state. Would you like to meet with me?
A #TownHall would be a great place to prove this.
You are doing a fantastic job, keep supporting the truth, and our interests.
says the man who ignored constituents' will and called them 'paid protesters' when they objected
your actions speak louder than your words.
your partisanship is derisive. Once elected, you're the so-called senator for all. #independentvoter
45 needs control & u enable. I'm Ind but will work for your ouster. U  worked against the will of Texans.
...I watched the confirmation hearings and you did no such thing...
I believe you @JohnCornyn now we need to see & hear you. Your disengagement from those who ? you is deafening. There's hope here. Engage us
You replies to my emails have been condescending and your comments to the press have be derogatory.
Well you failed then.
@bryant_cate Explain your statements about phone calls on DeVos, Sessions not being from genuine public support. Very offensive.
if I remember you said objections came only from teacher unions.
Try harder then, because dismissing constituent complaints as paid protesters is inappropriate and offensive.
He thinks the protestors are paid, because he is bought and paid for. Integrity means nothing to him.
fair enough.
As the senior rep of #Texas in USGovt, it is important for you to give voice to the minority also
#TownHall
can you hold a town hall in Houston?
you have ALWAYS in word and deed only worked for the republican party not the people who do not share your view
You know what is a two way street? A TOWN HALL MEETING! #CongressionalCoward
where is outrage over Miller's' anti American rhetoric in Sunday shows?
Yet you still put party above country.
Then why won't you meet with your constituents?
It is. And those of us who occasionally disagree with you appreciate your civility
@bryant_cate Send. Cornyn.(1) Recently you referred to those calling your office as unhinged. We are not unhinged nor paid.
literally every tweet you put out would say otherwise. As a constituent I feel completely dismissed by you
answering phones and responding to emails would be a great way to start that two way street.
that means a discussion which you don't seem interested in having
go back and read your comments in media. Then rethink your stance. You ooze contempt which reaps same back to you. #heartexans
- you missed the mark today with your tweet about Al @SenFranken
Perhaps you could have a town hall soon so your constituents could discuss issues with you?
you continue to show blatant disregard and disrespect to your constituents who disagree with you.
Please try harder, Marty McFly, because Biff rules the future now. A change of course to correct your mistakes is in order. 
@tedcruz Your constituents demand a #TownHall
I am so sorry, but that is untrue.  "unhinged" comes to mind.
What about saying all #constituents against you are part of some #conspiracy? #wehaveeyes
Dismissing constituent concerns and calls as you have is respectful?  John, you are shaming your mama right now.
Hard to not hold contempt for someone using his power to support erosion of our rights, land, health. Do better for America.
It's a one-way street with you doing what benefits your corporate backers and deriding and discounting your constituents' views.
removing obstacles for constituents to share their views (even opposing) with u would be a nice start
Your twitter feed shows otherwise. Rather than RT Breitbart articles, LISTEN to your constituents - even the Democratic ones.
so you can not lecture!
It is difficult to believe you.
across party lines your constituents said vote no on DeVos but you did not listen you voted your party line!
Your contempt is showing daily And it's very apparent you are not listening to your constituents. #BetsyDeVos
If you have been reading the responses to your tweets it seems to be a common thread sir. 2way communication needs engagement
Yes, um.  I think you should try harder?
then respond to constituents.
You're kidding, right? You said we weren't your constituents. That pretty contemptuous.
Sir, I have seen you mock those with <10 followers at least twice in the last year. We are your constituents, not celebrities.
Your words and actions certainly suggest otherwise.
You're the one paid by tax dollars to represent constituents. It's not a two-way street. You have to be the better listener.
U represent a state with diverse views & needs. All r valid & deserve respect, not just the ones u agree with. #FlushJohn2020
I try never to insult my fellow Texas voters as tools of "the establishment" & hope you will give me the same 2 way street.
@bryant_cafe I agree with you wholeheartedly. Cornyn showed complete disrespect to his constituents. Let's vote him out!
@bryant_cate Sir, when is your town hall meeting?
It'd help loads if you actually came back to Texas, to your voters and talked to us. #TXTownHall
- you've dismissed concerned citizens as union thugs, paid protesters & sore losers. How is this respectful? Town hall?
Fact: @JohnCornyn has refused to discuss Russian intel GRU hacking of the DNC, despite overwhelming evidence.
you do that by.... answering your phone? Having town halls? Having constituents removed by police for asking questions?
I hope to see you actually talk to us in Houston. Your recent comments suggesting we are bought off is perhaps reflexive. #2020
In life they say there is my way or the highway, I married a trucker, we always pick the highway. Gone baby gone.
Keep up the good work sir. Thank you for not falling for all the whiny childish demands of self entitled socialists.
.@JohnCornyn Sir, objectively speaking. You ignored your constituents  who clearly and overwlelmingly opposed DeVos.Your duty is to Texans.
You were quoted in press describing DeVos opposition as "juvenile" & "irrational rage"; tweeted Dems "unhinged." Not respectful.
This tweet is a blatant slap in the face to the vast majority of his constituents. Keep pressure up and vote out.
Fact: @JohnCornyn claims that millions of calls from constitutents are part of an 'establishment' conspiracy
You have ignored the huge outcry from constituents like me asking for discourse for weeks. Don't just rubber stamp Trump. Listen
you do it everyday.  You spend so much time deriding others and are so negative.  Part of the problem.
For first time you are actually responding to constituents after weeks of simply reposting about the Dems. Next hold town hall.
Are you personally answering these tweets?
@bryant_cate you called it an "establishment" effort when voters from both sides called to urge u not to vote DeVos.
There is no try. Make a bigger effort. Not calling is "the Establishment" in interviews would be a good start. You work for us.
fact: you're enabling an autocrat. History will not be kind, and neither will the voters.
wait you just called Dems unhinged & called Elizabeth Warren's comments mud wrestling. This is just not true.
You spoke dismissively of the constituents calling you *just this past week*. How are we supposed to see that if not derision?
Your DeVos vote mocked our entire school system. We owe you zero respect and can't wait to boot you out.
This is clearly an alternative fact, aka, a lie. You have the most antagonistic social media presence of any Senator I've seen
Every time you vote on the Senate floor, you are showing hypocrisy and enabling a deranged man ruin our country.
WOW you are tweeting almost as much as trumpy today. Or is this a staffer?
Yet you do so Sir.  Routinely & at the expense of the civil rights of others.
keep up the good work and use of twitter and FB...all elected reps should be using twitter and fb...POTUS Trump setting trend.
Your tweets are the way I most know who you are and they do not show you in a good light. Today is good. More of this.
Thank you for your service to the great state of Texas. Please keep talking to us, your constituents.
You misspelled "start".
It is, actually. Even though we are different ideologically, you seem willing to respectfully engage in debate.
#alternatefacts strikes again!
Your twitter feed is constant trolling and derision, as was your 8 years of Obama obstruction.
Sir, have you read your own tweets?  You have left me with the sense that you would treat my concerns with accordingly.
I think u r doing a great job and u should just have a Facebook townhall.  Everybody all across the state can join in.
Town halls across ALL of Texas during 10 day recess would be illuminating for you. Pretend you care about the people you rep.
#FAIL
If you continue to enable a corrupt President. You are corrupt too.It is a matter of time before he will be fully exposed.
Your staff doesn't like counterviews. Now they don't even #answerthephone No confidence you listen either. #election2020
i do believe Democratic leadership is showing utter contempt and derision.
Either he isn't trying very hard or Cornyn has some impressive short term memory loss.
You're doing it now. A little humility would be helpful since you work for us.
So if I call your office and actually get through, you will not demean my motives as "sour grapes" or accuse me of being paid?
You do so every. single. day.
yesterday you called Democrats unhinged. Is that "trying never to do so"? Because that's not the way to not have contempt.
Maybe some genuine engagement with your constituents -- especially those who disagree with you on issues -- will help.
your efforts are lacking.
Look back on your recent tweets and comments, then try harder.
