Trump lost by 3 million votes. The American people demanded Garland (or a Clinton pick). Gorsuch, like Trump, is illegitimate.
I missed the "demand" from the American people. We said we wanted Trump as our President. Clinton came in second.
Clinton won by 3 million votes.
Who???
Hillary Clinton, the candidate who won the referendum about who should appoint the next Supreme Court justice. By 3 million votes!
She is the most corrupt candidate ever even worse than her husband. Stop drinking the Koolade. Democrats and socialism will destroy the USA.
She is who the American people chose to be their president. By 3 million votes.
She is NY & Ca.'s choice that's why there is an electoral college which by the way also elected every Liberal president in history. Amen
Brit.... Would you ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever consider Ian a peer?
There are a lot of stupid, ignorant people out there.
Who is @imillhiser  and why should we care????
Correct. The constitution only requires a simple majority for Supremes. Justice Thomas only got 52 votes, is he legitimate?
So was what happened to Merrick Garland, so get off your constitutional high horse, Brit. You shame democracy.
Constitutional illiteracy is the bedrock upon which the foundation of liberalism is raised.
And even those who know it reject it.
@imillhiser The left believes the Constitution has been illegitimate for 100 years. Just ask them.They will tell you straight up
Hey Ian.   How does it feel to have an IQ just above
Plant life?   John
Just like does not think POTUS president because he did not get popular vote.  This thinking is result of dimms education system.
Will their tantrums never end?
deny reality, it's what they do
Ian- Truth hurt?
Progressives seem to use the word illegitimate a lot these days
Projection is part of their Alinsky MO
most libs are (Constitutionally illiterate)
Well said, Brit Hume
Nor is their belief that Trump was legitimately elected.
Clarence Thomas was given an straight up or down vote, no filibuster and received 2 less votes than Gorsuch after a filibuster.
Not to mention blatantly stupid.
maybe one more “ever?”
Even if he rules in your favor?
You go Ian. You just resist and rail and rage and scream and rant about Gorsuch. Gorsuch will go on defending your right to free speech.
@MAnotGinger yeah on the Democrats side
Actually not .@JohnCornyn . The Constitution says POTUS makes the nomination, I.e. Obama. Hume & Cronyn hypocrisy. Gorsuch illegitimate.
Read his "ranking" of the amendments. Guy doesn't seem to care about rights or the constitution at all.
Way to flip the argument. He is an originalist vs the libs like ginsburg who got her start at the anti-american ACLU
You're calling Millhouse an originalist?
Y'all can keep pretending it's 1787. Reps let @realDonaldTrump and Putin use the GOP as a cheap prostitute to steal our election! 78259
last time I looked Gorsuch received 54 votes that is a majority I think that was how the constitution was supposed to work unless your a Dem
But, but Ina is a constitutional scholar. Or so he says
Agree Brit!  Is this guy 12?
Never use a double negative
I agree
Justice Gorsuch is an outstanding successor to Justice Scalia. 
You lost. Repeat to yourself - "I really, really lost." Wash, rinse, soften, repeat, often.
It was obviously written by a educated liberal!
Weirdly reminds me of George Wallace
In other words, predictably liberal.
Another nut case
He is not legitimate. Trump is not, so how can he be? Everything the GOP is doing so wrong for America. We beg you to take the high road.
It's sore losers
Only a bona fide idiot would make a statement like that!  Duh!
@imillhiser what a dopey statement
BS.
Well said, sir.
Doesn't change the truth that he will on the highest court in the land and voting on extremely, extremely, extremely, important cases
I understood it just fine in fact it's missing a bit never, ever,ever,ever,ever,ever,ever concede that he is legal! Always&Forever #tainted!
Remember what Abraham Lincoln said:  A house divided against itself cannot stand.  "The Left" wants POWER. PERIOD.  No sharing.
Not to mention just very, very, very,very, very,very stupid. You lost schmuck. Elections have consequences...
Who is Ian Millheiser and why does he want to prove he's a schmuck?
@imillhiser
And I care what you think why?
Denial. Ttl denial. Their only defense is none at all. What children
There is nothing in the Constitution about a nomination expiring. It was never withdrawn. Gorsuch was voted on out of order.
Legitimate to the current Left has nothing to do with law and everything to do with compliance with Progressive Agenda orthodoxy.
Never, ever, ever, ever concede that Mommy and Daddy gave me whatever I wanted!
Then the SCOTUS members voted in under Harry Reid are also illegitimate.
Altogether illiterate
Is he a 3 year old having a tantrum?
Thank you,your right Brit!
@imillhiser  Congratulations Justice Gorsuch. It's a blessing to have a man of your integrity judiciating our highest court.
Hillary lost. L O S T lost. Get over it. We don't go by the popular vote. We go bt electoral votes. That's the way it is.
 he IS a scotus!!!  Get over it!
Simple Majority Neal, an asterisk next to his name just like his President.
It wasn't constitutional not to advise and consent on Merrick Garland's nomination. Not merely illiterate but totalitarian. Rule of law? No!
He plagiarized @taylorswift13
He didn't. Gorsuch was using technical medical language and it was allowed, appropriate. Even ppl whom he "plagiarized" said so
No no no never ever ever is a plagiarism of @taylorswift13
A typical symptom of Trump Derangement Syndrome (TDS) is a stuttering tick when using adverbs.
let's just hope he does a gr8 job on the Supreme Court & continues 2 uphold the Constitution
@imillhiser ... but it uses the word "ever" a lot.
And the failure to advise and consent is Constitutionaly violative
I think its regular illiterate too
And it's also stupid!
Ian must live under a rock. Gorsuch is indeed legitimate justice.
@imillhiser The law is the law. Gorsuch was legally elected and words are like "dust in the wind". #sticksandstones
Not when you consider the source then it makes perfect sense.
There is a portion of USA that must be protected from itself
this response was predictable, the left recognizes no authority but themselves.
But he wrote "ever" 10x, so it must be true.
Does this person need psychiatric help?
*yawn*
Silly Brit the constitution is only for criticizing republicans
Until the liberals get a chance to rewrite it, which has long been their goal.
Or just a jerk!
It's really not. The Constitution allows the President to appoint a nominee with advise and consent of the Senate.
There's no precedent or provision for just NOT hearing a nominee for an entire year just because. THAT is constitionally illiterate.
I do not believethe democrats can read! The have demomentia noability toremember thatthey werebehind troublecaused! So they can act poorly!
My bet is that his vote counts equally to the rest of the court
Not a matter of constitution. It's a matter of peace negotiations. You can't ask democrats to ignore the theft of a seat.
The Walking Dead was based on Liberals and Democrats
So predictable and not original.
it is ethically and morally correct.
Really? @SenateGOP refused to do their constitutional duty until they owned the Exec. So who's "Constitutionally illiterate"?
And, in case you forgot, the Exec is under investigation for actual treason. He's not legitimate and does not have the consent of the people
Thus, his SCOTUS pick is equally illegitimate.
Reminds me of black knight in Holy Grail movie - I will never never never let you pass!  
There are too many jackasses like this out there.
Ya let's trust the constitutionalist brain trust that brought you "never, ever, ever concede that Barack Obama is a legitimate president" 
@JohnCornyn ....just, the worst people. Ever.
Dims never appreciate it when their own tactics & procedures are used against them.
@GayPatriot @imillhiser it's just illiterate, Brit :)
but feelings
On every level
they say the same about my tweets like this one...enjoy a$$hole- YOU ARE A TRAITOR..FACT!
No, it's going to be the norm of party politics.  Who cares about credentials or facts--it's the party line all the way.
It's a civil war when the left refuses to accept our victory and the power that comes with it.
Can't deny that the pick was stolen. You can call it good politics, but it was stolen, that's a fact.
@imillhiser how do you spell ever?
And you are surprised?
You can not concede all you want, but he is! #MAGA
No, it's just that Ian guy is an idiot.
Bull crap.
Thanks Brit for calling them like you see them.
Pretend life is exactly the way you want it and see what happens.
Just like explaining a wristwatch to a hog. The hog will never understand. Mobs don't rule the country. Got simple majority?
There are other words for that but if I used they would restrict my Twitter use again
You are probably not legitimate either so your even and besides no one cares what you think.
Repeating oneself got that kid into Stanford, so he's just trying what works.
You tell em Brit
He has been put on the court in a caustic way.
There are some who need to back to school in American History, then you might understand what's involved in an election process!
Then all those lower court judges from Reid's rule aren't either.  Turnabout is fair play...
@imillhiser you live in a dreamland of fairies and pixie dust while the rest of us live in the real world.
He got 54 votes to 45.... that's enough for me.
Why should 45 out of 100 have the decision to not approve a Supreme Court appointment?
Millhiser is a fool.
His votes will count no matter what the brats on the left keep screaming.
We don't care what, if anything, you might or might not concede. You are nothing more than a squeaky wheel. You will get lubed!!!
That's what the dem's do, they never concede they lost!  Get a life Ian Millhiser!
I think th author should seek help immediately.
@millhiser you have no idea what the Constitution is all about. You need to take the Hillsdale College course.
Willful ignorance, resulting from the belief that the US Constitution is nothing more than a reflection of their personal bias.
Ridiculous comment
Hey @imillhiser , why don't you try defying one of the Judge Gorsuch's court orders to test how legitimate it is. :)
Right, but Ginsberg is.
Old sleepy one refused to step down for her party ! Lol now she will probably be next!
Snowflakes excel at constitutional illiteracy.
Of course it is. Two-year olds aren't literate
It's just simply childish.
Totally agree Brit.
Yes, and simply illiterate. Period.
So is FAUX News, but that doesn't stop you guys.
Reality seems so hard for some to comprehend. Their brains are poisoned by left wing professors and the biased media.
Not my President, not my Supreme Court Justice? Bury your head in the sand for eight years!
I'll make it more simple..... it's a stupid statement
What is he, then?
Sounds like a petulant child refusing to accept reality. Summer is coming snowflake!
I get it...don't agree with someone? Just claim they're illegitimate. Makes total sense...in fantasy land.
@imillhiser. OK. Won't concede. But HIS vote will still defeat you every time. You're a sore loser on top of just LOSER
I guess he was sitting on the floor pounding his fist  when he was saying Never,ever,ever.,give him a lollipop, to calm him.
Not my president. Not my justice. I'm gonna go out and eat worms!!!!
they walk among us.
Bring a case before SCOTUS. Tell him he isn't a legit justice. You'll quickly be corrected. Obviously, a No Chld Let Bhind  leftover.
This thing is an illiterate
Only "constitutionally"?!?!
As a matter of historical fact@millhiser,VOTES ARE A JOHNNY COME LATELY DEVELOPMENT created after congress set rules, EINSTEIN!
If you look how he ranks the amendments you would know why he is a certified idiot.
Good grief! What on Earth must they be teaching in secondary education. Just spout drivel and it will stick among the ignorant.
But he's a "Justice Editor." 

And he wrote a book. This may be a verbatim quote from his book.
@imillhiser  like anyone but you gives a crap on your constitutionally ignorant rant
It also shows that when the left gets power back.... this country is screwed!!
No it will show that-YOUR party B/S is screwed!
By this point Brit, we must acknowledge Dems and folks like @imillhiser ignore our Constitution. And laws. And borders. And sanity.
more like insane ranting
Let him know we're gonna seat 2-3 more....
@imillhiser Just count his fifth vote.
You better have endurance because he will be there for 30 to 40 years.
Next @imillhiser will complain about the IRS targeting left wing groups, or Trump spying on political opponents.  LOL
Yes it is-poor Ian needs to go back to school
Where do these folks come from..
It's a pleasure to my soul everytime one of these lefties loses their mind over something the left started IE Reid rule @imillhiser
Constitutionally illiterate was denying Garland a hearing. Simple.
Nothing in the Constitution sez they HAVE to give a hearing. Dems will do the same thing if given a chance.
@imillhiser Mommy,Mommy I don like it,Wha,Wha,Wha.MAGA
Hey. If Trump is an illegitimate president, then Gorsuch must be an illegitimate justice. Both (all) pursued by an illegitimate opposition.
Ian is no Winston Churchill - epic fail on, as SJWs would say, 'culturally appropriating' an iconic quote.
He's one of nine votes. Legitimate or not
Completely-Wow @imillhiser..stamp your foot & take your toys home with this silly, petulant outburst? #nothelpful congrats #JusticeGorsuch!
Even with free speech, we are all limited in the number of evers we can use in one sentence.
Just like the media spout don't debate! Then call names and slander!
It is also why you shouldn't give every kid a trophy
Socialist/Dems are irrelevant. They should go home early & seek therapy.
Just because Democrats don't like someone doesn't mean they are not legitimate. I think all Dems should protest by quitting their jobs!!
@imillhiser but but he's a "justice editor"
He is a misguided snowflake in need of a crying towel.
Ian must be another California drug head!
