Concerning that NC GOP bragged about how they targetted minority voters. They did study to find which ID Democrats didn't have
And if you care enough about your important ability to vote, how hard is it to take one day out of 365 to get an ID? 
News flash...the DMV is only open M-F from 8-5. Not everybody can afford to take off from work...
How did you ever get a license? How does anyone? Set aside time, grow up. Btw open Sat 9-12 here.
BTW, I'm plenty grown up, son...grown enough to recognize that not everyone is as lucky as me...
Yeah so many out there fighting to find a job that gives them a day off every few years...
Open your eyes, kiddo...you might be surprised what you'd learn about other people's lives...
Massive epidemic of people having trouble not getting a day off every few years to get id's I had no clue.
And again, open Sat 9-12...
a lot of people, which you would know if you ever actually came out and talked to PEOPLE, instead of DONORS.
disabled people. Poor people. Elderly people. Students. 

It's not free to get an ID. Maybe start there? That I will support.
start with a bill to provide FREE, OFFICIAL, GOVT IDs to citizens, THEN look at your voter requirements.
but then you'd lose, so can't have that, right? (Psst. You'll lose anyway. You're supporting a fascist, and we don't like that.)
like you are actually concerned. Give me a break. This man does more to help than you ever will. 
now I know you're a troll. Tell me, specifically, what the Senator has done for ME.
if you actually lived in Texas you would know. But you are a troll and don't.
.@LunaBrandes @JohnCornyn oh, the Senator (at least, his staff) know my name. I don't need to verify to you, Princess.
Someone who doesn't drive? Quit being obtuse
there are ideas for people that don't drive issued by the state
There are, but ID still requires $ & ability to get to DOT during business hours. Not everyone can.
if you can't get to DMV business hours  how could you expect to get to the voting booth either? poor excuse
Voting is a right granted by our constitution. We should make voting more accessible, not more difficult
it is accessible unless people are lazy
Or they can't afford to take time off from work...
if they can't take off time to get an ID how can they do their civic duty of jury duty?
1/4 Concerned you seem to think everyone has ID.  Esp the specific types TX specified.  Try: 1) 19 yr old who doesn't drive,...
2/4 2) disabled or senior who doesn't drive, 3) anyone married or divorced who hasn't changed ID yet to match name (hassle/$$),
3/4 4) person working min wage 8-5 who can't get off to go to ID office (also closed en masse across TX) so now have to travel..
4/4 Why don't you investigate barriers 2 getting free ID & solve that so we can all have proper ID, instead of restricting vote?
As the North Carolina voter suppressors announced in court: Democrats. We're super-sorry that we're poor or old or black.
My 95 year old grandmother doesn't.  She never needed one before and she was very confused the last time she went to vote.
Are you serious? Lots of people don't have the specific types of ID required by our TX law. There's a reason it was struck down.
Many poor and elderly don't have drivers license bc they can't afford it. Maybe do something about that, then voter ID is fine!
Maybe they could use the same id they use to buy beer and cigarettes, doesn't seem to be a problem to get one of them
You don't seem to understand what "don't have" means.
It's free: http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/electionID.htm …
Will you volunteer to give those folks who don't have cars a ride?
What has that got to do with having an ID?  oh, can't buy and register a car without id.
Hmmm...I can't tell if you're agreeing or disagreeing with me. Care to elaborate?
I'd say he's mocking you.
Federal court found that NC GOP targeted African Americans with "surgical precision"
random twitter questions seems like a strange way for you to do your due diligence on such important issues...
these people actually think minorities are too stupid and poor to know how and where to get an ID. It's degrading and insulting.
Usually they have good reason, i.e., unpaid tickets or child support.  Not minorities only either.
but that is not a state problem. That is the individuals issue.
so you think an unpaid traffic ticket is a good reason to lose voter rights?
you're not very good at playing dumb
@rtpg_ Are you really that out of touch with real people or just playing dumb.  Waiting for your town hall meeting in Austin.
- how do you get to DPS to get "free ID" if you are poor, disabled, working multiple jobs &/or elderly? No DPS on every corner
... senior citizens, students that live in Texas from out of state
I'd respect you more if you called this what it is: gamesmanship. And yes, I'm your constituent.
No, it's not that hard to get an id. But we know why you want to require this and it isn't because voter fraud is rampant.
fact is the poorest among us don't have these ID's . Why single them out? They may not vote Republican perhaps?
Poor people who don't drive.  You are so out of touch.
everyone has an ID. You need ID for everything in life. Stop it
Weird that courts repeatedly found that significant numbers of Americans don't have IDs.
yeah...weird. also nonsense
It's because you know that it's likely to reduce minority and therefore democrat votes. Don't patronize with your fake excuse.
In Cleburne, DPS announced that it is closing for 2 months. My in person renewal = day off work and trip out of town.
The poor who can't afford to get to location where they can get voter cards. Some have no transportation to get a card or 2 work
Are you a politician doing your due diligence through Twitter?
Kind sir, perhaps you should find out how many poor Texans actually live...
Did the admin tell you this was your topic of the day?  Keep off of Mike Flynn & Kelly Anne Conway?  #smokescreen
Wife had to have certified birth certificate and certified marriage license.  Imagine being homeless and trying to register.
Texas native here who spent eight years in Illinois then upon return had to through major hurdles to get my DL back.
people who don't drive. people with no passport. A long list. Of course, no-one that you know, so it's fine.
AGREE 100% - it's not a hard concept - No ID = NO Right to Vote
Idk Who Doesn't Have ID But Come 2020 You Will Be OUT Of A JOB! You Care NOTHING About Your Constituents & We Are Voting You OUT
I know it's hard for someone who makes six figures to understand the plight of poor people. But you need to try. #Constituent
Exactly!
@rtpg_ Quit sidestepping the truth. You KNOW you are restricting the vote.
Old people that no longer drive!
many people. Elderly. Minorities.
good question! But will you care when there is an answer?
tweets like this are bad PR. 
I'm a registered voter in ATX. I volunteer to edit your tweets. Have your staffers contact me.
is that an actual questions? Talk to your constituents.
are you okay with the NC GOP targeting African-American voters as the court found that they did?
ID not required to vote BUT required to: buy cigarettes, alcohol, open bank acct, apply for job, unemployment, welfare, medicaid
, food stamps, soc security, buy/rent home, buy/rent car, get on airplan, get married, check into hotel, buy a gun, get hunting
why do people assume minorities would be the ones whom don't have or can't get IDs? Isn't that itself bigoted?
Because that's what the research indicates...It's not racist to point out racism, my friend
People who don't/can't drive or have had their license revoked, for starters.
poor people.
people who don't drive
since the US does not require citizens to have "papers" and 4 some cash is still king, 4 some IDs are not necessary. #notdem
Your argument, who doesn't have ID, already rejected. The intent was clear. Keep minorities from voting. Court saw through it.
How smug. R's love to close DMVs in poor/black communities to disenfranchise them. Makes time/cost to travel to 1 out of reach.
not every 1 is a wealthy white male w/ minions. Obviously u've lost touch w/ ur constituents. Pick up ur phone! We're calling!
Why even discuss voter ID? TX law already found 2 violate Voting Rights Act by discriminating against Hispanic/African-Americans
husband and I NEVER have a problem voting and our skin is brown.
a lot of low income people that are barely making it on the minimum wage job they work that isn't a living wage
Illegals??
is this a joke? I know the answer to this question and it's not my JOB to know the answer to this question.
It's literally a poll tax. May have heard of those before.
@rtpg_  Even illegals have ID. Of course, it's somebody else's, but is IS an ID...
lots of people don't. It's important that you represent all Texans. Understand the vast array of experiences.
took middle class white woman me hours in line to get driver's license renewed - too time consuming!
poor people who don't drive
not everyone is white male privilaged. Some ppl work for almost nothing. IDs cost $$
Have some town halls here in TX so we can explain ID problems to you. We can't call because your phones are busy. #TownHalls
There are citizens who don't have drivers licenses. Get out of ur bubble.
@rtpg_ Id means taking off work to go get one, means $, time, 5 or more docs, w kids ...have you ever spent time at a DMV?
haha this guy.
you're smarter than that Senator. Minorities are far less likely to drive (statistically proven) and that's the main usage...
it's more that some people don't have certain kinds of ID...and the law specifically targetted kinds of ID minorities don't have
OMG. Stop. It's not hard to get a DL or state ID. Just stop being idiotic. 
elderly, low income, people without transportation to obtain ID from DMV offices not close by
in Texas people with traffic warrants afraid to show I'D afraid to vote
that's their stupidity. Not an ID issue
no license, no passport, lost birth cert. hard to prove ID don't own a home. U live in bubble? Go meet ppl.
you can send of for your birth certificate. Stop being dramatic.
you're putting a lot of time in trolling these folks, but not answering my question. 
600k Texans. You should know that.
You're smarter than that, I hope. Don't be stupid. you know perfectly well.
Lots of people.  Come to shelter and temp housing in Houston almost no one does.  Unpaid tickets, inconsistent names on govt ID.
Do homeless people vote? Is that a high priority for them or for someone who wants to give them money to vote? @JohnCornyn
