T/F: The president and his family may use the presidency for their personal gain and enrichment.
This is fun. T/F: The Constitution requires a capitalistic economy for the United States.
What is a well regulated militia?
well regulated refers to trained or in good working condition, militia is the people as a whole. Nothing to do w/ gun laws.
Pre-constitutional Rhode Island “Regulating” Her Militia Arms http://bit.ly/2fMftDP   

The laws over generations.
Because the were a militia, not a cult of gun fetishists.
as beautiful as my guns are I can't say I'm a fetishist...
T/F: a clump of cells is a legal person.
3 phases of embryonic development.
A fetus is a person (phase 3) in My opinion
Apologies, I misread. SCT says state has an interest in protecting a viable fetus, but a legal person is one born alive.
So, does legal supersede moral?  I think not.
Whom defines moral?
Oh yes!!! A 10 question quiz with a mastery of 70% (7 questions) is an excellent way to defend American Democracy. STUPID!!
I was surprised at what I didn't know.  Civics should be a high school graduation requirement.
It is but just 1/2 a semester
It was an entire semester back in my day.
Not long enough
I agree. Political Science is too complex to cover in one semester.
Thats why you took history before civics.
T/F: Freedom of religion includes freedom FROM religion.
True.
Freedom of religion is to keep govt out of belief systems.  Not the other way around.
when did Civics quit being required? Had to pass it to graduate HS in Sherman TX in 65
: 10/10, and a 100% should be required to run for Congress or for Pres.  done in public.  Hillary would get 100%.
: question 11: who was Pres during and just before Civil War?
: Q13: what do we call the Pres' official residence?  (Actually, I think that is on the list of 100 questions.)
teaching to get another test. This is dumb.
how would the president you support do?  I would do great.
El Sabio en flor es como el perfume, En lo profundo del Corazón de Texas 
Me recuerda a la que amo, En lo profundo del Corazón de Texas
Why not require Government to be a year long course not 1/2 a semester in a year plagued by senioritis? Huh? Republicans should support that
1/2 a year...1 semester...of the most important class. Regardless of profession government regulates life from birth to death
Is it given in Russian since that seems to be the 45's preference? How is the #Trumprussia investigation going? #independentinvestigation
Can you ask @realDonaldTrump to take it? And if he fails, can we deport him??
Better than you
10/10. You, senator?
Can you work on getting presidential candidates to take the same test?  Not to mention congressional members.. maybe an oral exam on CSPAN?
T/F: a baby born in the US is a citizen even if the mother is not.
False
Our current system is based on the father's lineage.
Wrong.  It was fathers lineage until mid 80s. Now mom counts too... we're almost people!
Feeling the fascism. Excessive nationalism .
T/F: women are second class citizens under the Constitution.
Articles of impeachment originate in what body?
Why are you RT this? Again a riddle. What is your position on immigration?
& yes, many AMERICANS wouldn't be able to pass the citizenship test!
A civics course should be required to graduate high school. A civil liberties course reviewing genesis of major law req'd for college
No, dont wait for college
I am 60 and learned these things in public school, unlike youngsters today who do not.
El cielo Prairie, es ancha y alta, Profundo en el corazón de Texas
Better yet....how would YOU do?
T/F: corporations have a right to free exercise of religion.
Do you have to take one in order to represent us? That sounds like a good rule to me
T I thought citizenship was more than a test!
:question 12: how many parts of Cong have to pass a bill before it becomes law?
What, instead of algebra? Or music appreciation?  REALLY?!?
When I was in the 9th grade in  a Missouri school we had a civics class. If we didn't pass we might not pass 9th grade.
As long as it was in their primary language, it is a great idea, but they should also take a US history class too!
Las estrellas en la noche son grandes y brillantes, Profundo en el corazón de Texas
One more... Can you get them to enstate that all children must know thenlyrics, eglish and Spanish, to "Deep in the Heart of Texas"
If you fail, do you get deported?
Or what?  Kicked out of school?  What is the point?  I would rather a kid know calculus than the specific date ratifying the Constitution
Only if we can pay a British company to develop the test and charge us millions for it. OH WAIT, they already do?!? What a waste of $$$
You should have to pass a civics test to become president. It would've saved all of us some grief.
Finally, if they're like all the other teenagers I know, THEY DONT CARE!
Quit making kids study for the STAAR and quit Asking teachers teach to the STAAR. Kids will easily pass a citizenship test.
How would you do taking the US History EOC they already have to? A citizenship test would be easy compared to the level we already teach to.
now that really is a dumbass idea.They already study history and take a test. PR sloganizing all you guys got left?Jeez, we pay your salary.
begs the obvious question.. what happens if they fail ?? LOLOL. Do they have to leave the country ?@TXlege  just cant fix stupid...
As long as you make it mandatory for Congress people also. I don't think many grown ups can pass it without studying for it
I would do great. I don't know about the students in the last 20 years of your defunded school system.
- I passed with a perfect score. Bigger question: could POTUS pass it? Based on Civil War & other gaffes, doubtful
You have got to be kidding me. Ridiculous! Stop picking on immigrants
Why is that good?
Give it to your President and see how he does.
No more state-wide tests. They are all reviled by teachers and produce absolutely no results.
Let me guess, it will cost us billions in tax dollars to pay some jerk off company to create and administer and score the test?!  Stupid
Good idea
You [I, Lance Foss, CEO USPD] scored 10 out of 10. Well done!
No, john, WOULD YOU pass? Bcuz we all know you've ALREADY failed the test of being a decent human being. #TexasTraitor #YourLastTerm #2020
The treasonous "president" you support would fail such a test miserably.
How about we make @potus take a citizenship test?
If passing a 6th grade basic civics test was a requirement to be @POTUS ... only the real estate industry would be getting shafted.
Why only 10 questions? And why would getting 6 correct out of 10 = Pass?? That seems like a pretty low bar.
But please not in place of US history, Mr.Senator, because THAT is the plan. #historymatters
too bad the citizenship test requirement isn't for all the students. TX legis doesn't want to embarrass it's citizen students.
I would pass. Your point?
This is some straight up bullshit.
Like most Replutocrat bills Dan Patrick promotes. Does very little to help but plays well with people who are only listening to sound bites
I reckon that our Massachusetts students - who score first in US on almost all tests - would do just fine. Public schools work!
Question 1. Who was the biggest lying embarrassment for a president in history?  Correct answers accepted: trump, orange boy, little hands..
Question 2. What is a political party that used to exist in the USA before 2018? Correct answers: Republicans, liars club, repub losers
Seems like smoke and mirrors for nationalism.
Poorly... 
Shame this isn't also a requirement to run for president would have saved us from the current fool & his minions.
Better then YOU! #RUSSIA #INVESTIGATE #FLYNN #MANAFORT #PAGE #COVERUP #SAD #JOKE
The #GOP really doesn't like brown or black people voting.  This is slated directly at Latinos.
I wish Trump would be the first to take it.  He'd fail.
Is Texas Board of Education preparing its students to pass this test?
How about Trump? Think he'd pass?
I like it.  Learning the history of our nation and it's place in the world at large is fun and so important to future nat'l leaders.
Did YOU take this? You probably shouldn't RT a test that has a dancing Secretary of Energy celebrating. Did you bother or not pass it? 
How would @POTUS do? Very bad. Bigly.
Better not require trump to take it!
Yeah, nothing new here. They called it Government class back in my day. And you had to pass the final to pass the class and graduate.
How would YOU do?
The dancing Rick Perry at the end is the perfect reward for a perfect score.
Can we make presidential candidates take this exam? We could have saved ourselves from where we are today
I would do fine.  Let's see your results.
I am going to make you eat the test
Better than you would.
you don't already have to know this to graduate? Explains a lot!
How would Trump do? That is the more pertinent question!!
This would be great except the obviously racist and xenophobic intent.
i would pass with flying colors....as should all citizens....we were taught in school to be informed on current events and citizenship.
great. So more tests with less education.
TX students learn this anyway. It's called Social Studies, Civics, US History. They study for the stupid STAAR instead of history tests.
how bout we make them sign an allegiance and the others wear a star on their clothes too
Once again, TX putting money in frivolous requirements when the money would be spent so much better elsewhere. Like real education!!
Aim it at a 3rd grader and see if trump would pass it. Very doubtful and you know it!
Do you @JohnCornyn think Trump could pass the citizenship test?  Melanie sure. But Trump?  No way in hell.
Geography is stupid
If Texas would concentrate less on testing and more on civics we would all be able to pass the test.
Well I am amazed!! Something that I can actually agree with you. Hallelujah!!
Senator - Texas ranks 42 in education standards compared to all other States.  So the question is how would citizens who live in Texas do?
Yes, replace history ed with this instead of paying teachers more, getting people who know civics to teach gov classes instead of coaches.
10/10 John!
Well, we know Donald Trump got the Civil War questions wrong. Sad!
Which our kids learn in 5th, 7th & 8th grade.
we should focus on real EDU topics - like sex Ed -Texas has highest teen preg rate. Think that's because students don't know 12th president?
Sex ed would require acknowledging that people have sex, which is unholy and wrong. Instead, we should make teenagers afraid of their bodies
(Sarcasm, just to be clear. I had sex ed in a Texas public school, didn't even actually learn the anatomy of my vagina. Know abt dicks tho.)
Cornyn and Cruz?
Not what I was getting at, but excellent. Needed the laugh. Thanks.
I don't disagree with the importance of encouraging civic knowledge & engagement. I question replacing a US History course with a test.
And this "encourage students to learn civics, which...is absent from the current curriculum." If not in curriculum, how do they learn it?
They do. They take government. It isn't absent. But they take that their senior year when it is most appropriate.
My favorite question (and I got it right): Does Texas have a senator who is not a complete A-hole?  A: No!
I already passed it. I bet your fearless leader can't. #irony #sad #maga #pointless
So stupid.....
Isn't there enough mandated testing already,how about making presidents take History test @DFWIndivisible @MSNBC
We should require senators to take mental test. Your cylinders aren't firing man.
Another stupid idea...
Make candidates for #txlege and Congress pass it too! Bet they score lower than the average citizenship applicant.
Ha. Love it.
We should make the president take a civics class and pass.
100%. Liberal who knows her civics. Also what my degree is in. Pity the rep who sponsored this is a hateful loon though.
My biggest concern is replacing the history exam with this instead of investing in civic education.
You know, getting actual teachers instead of coaches, paying teachers a decent wage, investing in public schools, etc.
Definitely. I missed that line. Also: married to a high school  history teacher.
Future history teacher. Vested interest in the education system I'm a product of.
Wow!!! Good move!!! I'm all for it!!
