 Wow people are so Hateful in Houston. I'm sure he followed the experts advice from St Governor & National offices. Nobody made you stay. 
No not hate, the corruption is so thick in Houston
#SylvesterTurnerMustResign! 
Retweet if you agree!
Need help NOW!  10+ people incl babies in MEYERLAND. Cadman court. Running out of time. Please.
I PRAY YOU ARE ALL OKAY.
Failed AGAIN! This is ridiculous. Hope that trip to Israel was nice with tax dollars. Do your job
This is what I would call an unnecessary Political Disaster for the City of Houston. The ego of the mayor=loss of human life. SAD
Evacuation would have been catastrophic! People dying in their cars because most would have waited until the last minute to leave.
Trump voter so this isn't about politics. Born and raised in the affected area. Family still there. Mayor made the right decision.
God bless... I believe you
Behind you all the way Mr Mayor! I will vote for you. Thank you for your leadership and wise decisions.
Should you have provided us fair warning and we could've evacuated and avoided this mess!
He tried to prove to President Trump and Gov Abbott that democrats don't need GOP help. What a DEM disaster
Imagine the lives that could have been saved if you hadn't played politics in NOT calling for a mandatory evacuation!
Why the hell did you tell folks not to evacuate? Why does less than 16% of your city have flood insurance? Thats not leadership sir. Own it.
You blaming the mayor for something that's common sense, nobody forced you to stay in your homes

You ALONE are SOLEY responsible for the chaos this people are and WILL occur for a lifetime! You gave them a FALSE SENSE OF SECURITY !!!
Mayor Turner, thank you for leading our city through this challenging situation. Your hard work and restless days have not gone unnoticed.
satisfied people don't usually compliment- on the other hand malcontents are never in short supply- so great job recognizing a great job!
Say no more
Remembering your leadership qualities at Klein High School.  God bless all your efforts!
We love you! Your priorities are our priorities! #HoUSton
Just another Ray Nagin. I'd love to see your bank account records
You failed as a mayor with this one.
Senator, We have a news media.   What exactly is it you are doing to help our situation down here?
Stay strong Mayor Turner and let God lead you
He shouldn't of downplayed warnings. Now lives are at stake.
God gave us mercy not mothernature
Some folks are crazy. I dont need the mayor to tell me whether or not I should evacuate. Ive lived here for years and know what to expect.
Right! How many more citizens of Houston will die because of you being bullheaded?
As the body count continues to grow, keep in mind Mr. Mayor, they are all on YOUR hands!
Mayor, this past week you've been on the world stage showing what leadership should look like!#HoustonProud#TexasProud
Proud to have you as our mayor
God bless Texas!
All these neighborhoods should have been evacuated Three days ago why didn't the mayor do this? Texas strong
Anyone have an update on these poor people
You really should consider evacuating. And, take the worthless Judge Emmett with you. Take a helicopter as the roads are flooded. Just GO!
Really wish you wouldn't have voted for people that said "No" to Superstorm Sandy relief...

Until then, I have no care.

#Bootstraps
Thank you Mayor!
Thank you Mr Mayor for not evacuating more than 6 million people.  Many lives would of been lost on the road.
Any adventurous souls got pictures of Port Houston ES? Rivas? Do you know how to get live images of Port Houston.
Good question. Let me investigate.
Una Ciudad unida no distingue color ni raza,buen trabajo a todas las oficinas de Gobierno y autoridades,Gracias.
Much love to you Mayor Turner and all of our first responders! #HTownProud #HurricaneHarvey #WeAreOne
which spirit? what spirit? the storm has  already broken our wallets and we have a long way to go !
@RODistrict #HoustonStrong
Our spirit was broken long before this flood. Thank you for that you lying stealing sleazy sob.
On Houston's 181st birthday, praying for strength & safety for all. #HoustonStrong #HurricaneHarvey https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Houston  @Wikipedia
Rebuild Houston not a stupid wall @realDonaldTrump
Thank you, mayor
Bad Man.. SouthCarolina last storm evacuated by 'staggering zones' using both lanes on highway. immed...you could have saved lives
What about those who lose their life because they trusted you?
Just words!  Get the help out there!  I
@SylvesterTurner Mayor, please publish where able bodied Houstonians my sign up for volunteer work.
Hang in there guys! Thoughts from Illinois!
Storms are not to break spirits, but to build them... You will overcome with the right mindset. Our prayers are with you... HYLN? :)
We need the Coast Guard to help people out of Champions 15918 Conners Ace Spring, TX. 77379
This is on YOU!
The storm won't but you might break the people. Shame shame shame on you. Put the mayor of Houston in prison!!!
Blood is on your hands! I'm sure @SylvesterTurner is high and dry in his mansion.
Really, doing politics at a time like this, no offense but you really need to resign after this, your totally incompetent
Indeed. He should be trashing Mexico & peddling books like The Orange Toddler.
Hey genius I do live in Houston in The Westchase District near Westheimer & Gessner but you go on.  See my cancelled flight.  
Since when does a Mayor, make a call that goes against federal and the governor.
Keep our eyes on the Lord. He said we will come out on the other side...
Amen to that... #HoustonProud  #Houstonstrong
-Shutup
Thank you Mayor Turner.
Stupid #MORON Calling people not to leave - answer your dam Phone
You are the leader we need at this moment. You are educated and experienced in managing complex tasks. Thanks
It's Not trying to break your Spirit,, Man does that,, Nature is trying to Wake us up!
men this is mess up what about school
At least give 3 days public mandatory off to all the businesses and stores  in Houston.
I have relatives stranded in Houston. Luckily they have enough food for days. This is a horrible decision but you are defending that? BAD
Mayor I along with all our citizens of @cityofplanotx stand with u #wecantbebroken
Yeahhh, I remember dat too. Mmmhmm.
#HoustonStrong
k keep me posted
We need help please 9231 Oak knoll lane Houston Texas 77078 we are the roof have been for 8 hours no has can the water is rising please
How many people & Cross street? #harveySOS @USNationalGuard @
The mayor is clearly not here with the rest of us as he is off in la-la-land.
God Bless. We out west are sending our prayers and Bright Blessings to you all. Thank you for your uplifting spirit.
Ppl are always so quick to blame someone. Y'all saw the news and warnings. Besides, how can you expect 4 million ppl to evacuate safely?? 
how do ppl NOT expect the city to have an actual working plan w shelters & transport for disabled ppl & ppl in flood plain? That's the Q.
Thank you to the fire fighters you wanted to fire, cut pay and pension!!
You where to busy filling pot holes instead of working on the flood plan. This would have saved you and others billions.
you are high and dry. Left all of your constituents to flounder on their own. SHAME ON YOU!
Thank you - great job, Mayor!
Recovery begins now....rain has stopped in south houston
Here's an idea Turner, maybe lets not talk about rebuilding yet. How's about we focus on survival...
Houston is under water. People are on top of roofs. Tornadoes destroying buildings in numbers. Over 4million are in dire needs of help.
Hi. Ok
Aren't you the mayor who told your constituents not to evacuate? More sane advice from a DEMOCRAT!!  5 DEAD!!!
Thank you. #leader
Using the money you stole from HFD?
I'm curious...are you in Houston right now or safe and cozy someplace else?
Prayers sent.

Google: 

Judi Grace Storycorps

Bloody Chicago.

Murders in Chicago.

http://homicides.suntimes.com/photo-gallery/2017/#comment-3485838287 …
Gov Abbott Asked people to evacuate and you directly issued a reversal for everyone to stay.
Thank you, mayor turner. Kingwood, texas
Why did @SylvesterTurner tell us to ignore the media hype... it wasn't hype, the danger was real!
Guess you were wrong about not evacuating.
You should of evacuated the city
Amen mayor
The #Democrat #Mayor told them not to leave after #Texas #Governor told them they should.Great, lives lost,suffering?YOU SHOULD B FIRED!
Mayor Turner Houston is in our prayers #staystrong #Harvey
Why would you sit on the edge of your seat waiting on the Mayor to tell you to evacuate? If YOU are the leader of YOUR house, u decide that.
You are the WORST MAYOR Houston has ever seen. You should have started evacuating last week. You know damn well what areas flood
Last week? Nobody evacuates a city a week ahead of time. You can barely get people to leave days before.
YOU SHOULDVE TOLD YOUR PEOPLE TO EVACUATE!!!! DISAPPOINTED!!!!
Can we get the firefighters equal pay now??
Amen
You have done nothing to alleviate these flood issues since 2015!I dislike incompetence.I'd rather be flooded in Austin,San Antonio Than dis
You should NOT have told people to stay put given how this area floods. Plenty of advance notice. Evac should've been recommended.
Disregarding What Our Governor said about evacuating before all this flooding was a bad idea!
Not defending S.T., Houston has flooded in lesser conditions than this and people should know to get the hell out...
I appreciate your leadership and compassion for all Houstonions!
Thank you Mayor.
Sending prayers your way!
Idiot.
@SylvesterTurner  thanks for being s POS of a mayor and putting all Houstonians in danger by not evacuating. You are no leader!
Keep up the good work prayers from New Mexico
Maybe wait to say this after y'all finish getting broken down by Harvey. Focus on the now moment. #savelives
Will you start with green space and transgender bathrooms
Evacuate given 3 days agoYou liberals used to government help. Could have driven west a few days ago
Mayor Turner, please hold a public meeting and disclose all correspondence pertaining to your flood control plans since you've been mayor.
Catastrophe= lack of prevention and mitigation plan. Besides,inefficiency=failing to make the best use of time or resources
And downplaying state and federal warnings.
Mr Mayor THE MAIN CONCERN ABOUT #Harvey2017 WAS THE RAIN AND FLOODING:Houston was on the list 
Did you watch the weather channel 5 days ago forecasting 24-30" of rain after #Harvey2017 touch down land and move toward Houston?
Were you here for Rita in 05? If we had that many people stuck on the frwys this time the death toll would be in the thousands.
Why didn't you ask citizens to evacuate?
#harvey
You should start by hiring someone who believes in climate change to oversee our water drainage system.
#harley.   Willowbend 77096
We should have evacuate
Thank you for your dedication Mayor.
...experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! Any accountability for Houston poor drainage system?
Fail TURNER
1 TERM TURNER WHAT A JOKE
common core and Ignorance not a good combination. #Clueless #AntifaTerrorists
Why the hell didn't you call for a mandatory evacuation of South Houston?? Thousands of people trapped in Rising water
Houston has been a problem for years it seems.Austin seems to be following the same path
God bless everyone of you. 
We got your back, Houston. Many prayers and tons of support from New Orleans 

Thanks for all you do. You're in our hearts and prayers https://twitter.com/pastorabharris/status/901795624118616064 …
Mayor @SylvesterTurner should be held criminally liable for any personal injuries or loss of life to the residents of Houston!!
Houston's Mayor @SylvesterTurner gave an irresponsible order for people to stay in their homes and not evacuate for hurricane harvey??
Mayor @SylvesterTurner should resign immediately for endangering the lives of Houston residents!!
Typical Incompetent Democrat!!
how do you sleep at night!!!
You have overseen overdevelopment of Houston. You have been in the pocket of developers. You are a fraud, just like the mayor of New Orleans
You are a foolish man. You should have evacuated people when Gov. Abbott suggested an evacuation.
Should've told people to evacuate, knowing how easily Houston floods
Now we are all stuck!! No way to leave and now no supplies coming into grocery stores
U are ignorant not to evacuate and u know that's not what our governor wanted.

@BakerRipley #Houston - all in the same boat.
New Orleans would have really been screwed since Landrieu wasted $2,000,000+ on statues instead of the 16 down pumps.
Thank you!!! VOE @SylvesterTurner OUT!!!
Your decision to keep people home is costing lives.
RESIGN.
LORD WILLING MAYOR, LORD WILLING!!  Don't forget who the one that calms the storms is.  Acknowledge God.  Don't rebuild WITHOUT HIM!!!
I need a list of open shelters in east houston please help
Another problem is the toll roads and construction. You take out dirt, and replace it with concrete doesn't work
Texas strong
How can u say Houston is a great city? Not a native Houstonian, and I don't know why ANYONE, would want to live in Houston?
Glad to see President Trump anticipated the needs for Texans even prior to the storm! Coordination of efforts looking good. Leadership key!

First u need to do something to solve the issue b4 it happens, not after. Then get on your knees and pray. Do u know how?
Can you get the flood drainage system fix. That should have been a priority coming into office. Instead of pot holes.
If you're in a life threatening situation (Only), in addition to calling 911 please be sure to contact Coast Guard Assistance: 281-464-4851.
Praying for Houston & you Mayor . yes we will rebuild and be a better and stronger city of Houston &Greater Houston from Humble to Rosenberg
"Do not evacuate Houston, we know best" will be a quote that will go down in infamy.
You failed us, Sylvester.
Will be remembered as the Mayor who failed to lead his citizens to safety during worst storm in years. #Harvery #oneterm #houstonflood
Every Republican controlled city evacuated, but on behalf of Dems, just as in Katrina, you told people to stay and placed all in danger.
Amen #hoepforharvey https://www.facebook.com/gulfmeadows/videos/10155617107548890/ …
Pray for all those affected by the storm #prayforHouston #HoustonFlood
We are owned together because our leaders, mainstream media are incapable of talking about climate change. Treat symptoms only! #harvey2017
Admit your mistake.
Didn't you tell people not to evacuate??
Why aren't you telling your citizens to evacuate
@SylvesterTurner, will you help spread the word about #HurricaneHarvey disaster relief? Visit http://HELPSALVATIONARMY.org  to give.
Will you be feeding and housing LGBTQ people this time?
Your response has been impressive! Thanks for being a model to us all. Praying for Houston
Did Webster change the definition of "impressive"?

