Ridiculous. How about investigating the leaks out of the White House and the Intelligence Community?
They're part of any investigation. Have to know why there's so little trust in the WH.
It isn't the WH that suffers  from lack of trust.
It clearly is, given the number of leaks. The president got off to a bad start with the intelligence agencies.
Much more complicated than that. Entrenched politicized IC leaks like a sieve.
Which is why there has to be an investigation into the administration's possible ties to Russia. Flynn's leak...
Bless your heart. Try using linear logic. Or brush up on the new talking points.
Disappointed you dropped to condescension. But saves me the time of further arguments with the ignorant.
This is great!
As a lot of other folks are saying, I encourage you to support an independent investigation. But this is a good first step.
Thank you. Please keep up the pressure. We deserve to know what happened.
Please put your country before your party's ego. This country is in a downward spiral and you need to wake up!!!
THANK YOU SIR!!! This is what Patriotism looks like! Country over party! Thank you thank you thank you!
Will you please hold a #TownHall so you can discuss this issue with your constituents?
Is anyone going to mention the Russian spy ship off the coast of Conn.?  No? okay...
that ship travels the eastern international coastal waters all the time research it! News?!?#panic
Thank you for your reply! Can you pls cite resources?
11ABC news-2yrs ago daily mail, Breibart News 1yr ago, to name a few! Research the Ship
it got active press most resent after Cuba visit but has been more in the press now
I just like military history
We need a bipartisan investigations committee with subpoena power.
NO, we need a NON-PARTISAN INDEPENDENT investigation to investigate the ILLEGAL National Security LEAKS from w/i WH
A good start however WE DEMAND ANSWERS not an investigation that obscures the truth!
Took them long enough! #GOP
The people of America stand with President Trump. The only question is if you, Senator Cornyn, still stand with the people.
country over party. Please remember that and support the investigation.
Thanks Senator! Your constituents appreciate your willingness to look into this urgent matter.
It's not enough to even impeach Trump; his entire administration is malignant & must go to keep America safe.
tell me what Pres Trump has done 2B impeached, under the US Constitution please?
Will they go back and investigate Hillary?  Doubt it
wtf?? You are insane!
THIS IS URGENT. TRUMP IS AN ILLEGAL PRESIDENT
as if you give a shit!
I was surprise and delighted to see that you were one of the senators supporting an investigation into Trump and Russia.
Thank you
thank you Senator
If you discover that AltPresident collaborated with the Russians, will you vote to impeach? #russiagate
Americans want an independent bipartisan commission to investigate Trump ties to Russia and related issues.
what are you all waiting for?
the Arizona senator John McCain should be on the other side of the world when this investigation takes place.
Sen. Cornyn thank you for supporting the investigations, this needs to happen.
THANK  YOU! I'm a constituent. Please ensure this happens!
Please make sure that "Senate Intelligence" is not an oxymoron.
We owe a huge thanks to @JohnCornyn @RoyBlunt  and @LindseyGrahamSC for standing up for the country.
.@JohnCornyn .@washingtonpost NOT ENOUGH bipartisa independent #savedemocracy
Senator @JohnCornyn, will you support hearings that are open to the public for all unclassified testimony? @washingtonpost
@SenSchumer Please cease all business and begin this investigation. There is nothing more urgent.
please put politics aside and do your job for the American people  this is too important to ignore
give the people a special committee. this is too big for closed doors.
my trust in Washington is starting to deteriorate. The Republican Party needs to step and stand strong with our new President.
Independent investigation! The GOP has proven they side with Party over anything else. You are not to be trusted with this.
if u want 2 investigate something that might have compromised our country, have the GUTs 2 put Hillary on trial!
All these comments against Trumo r either nuts or paid Obama traitors !
All Rep senators should stand arm & arm w our Pres. & expose the LIES of the left instead of weak knee RATS!Sad!
We need an independent investigation,special prosecutor. How can you crooks in Congress investigate more crooks?
glad to see my senator finally doing the job he was elected to do. Investigate.
starting with Obama & his admin officials, staff & intel as this happened on his watch, prior to inauguration.
We need a special counsel to investigate or select committee.too impt to ignore any longer.
, "will" or "“highly likely,” to investigate Russian involvement in US? Investigate Trump Administration instead. @indivisibleATX
Glad to hear it!
this is a start thank you. As you learn more think independent panel like the 9/11 commission country>party
Senator Cornyn, I applaud your statesmanship and patriotism. As Americans we must get to the bottom of this
Today's news indicates smoke maybe coming from other sources than just Flynn. We need independent investigation
Good! I hope you push for complete transparency until there's no ruble unturned.
request and support an independent investigation
Thank you for being reasonable!
@indivisibleATX @washingtonpost thank you Senator
, thank you Senator Cornyn. Please call for an independent investigation.  This threatens our democracy.
:As your constituent, I thanks for calling for an investigation-But pls go further & call 4 an independent, special prosecution
I wish I believed you.  I can't help but think it will be a partisan whitewash.
I vote in Tx and I actually like this tweet!
thank you
Stop this destruction of American citizens by the deep state military/intell/dem/rhino complex....rhinos and democrats ruin USA.
The Senate Intelligence Comm. should also investigate Intelligence Agency influence in U.S. partisan politics.
Thank you! Look deeper than just Flynn #TaxAndHacks
this is what happens after 8 yrs of weak ineffective leadership - we blame the Russians. LOL poor dems
so when 45 said he paid you lot of $ on 1-19-17, what work were you doing for him? Was it American or Russian $?
Cornyn is the LAST person to investigate 45 because CORNYN is 45 paid employee. review CNN tape 1-19-17 luncheon
Good 1st step. Special committee needed. We have not forgotten tax returns, however. What is he hiding?
Much prefer an independent investigation but thank you for your support of at least this Senate investigation. Important step.
Really?  Actually?  Or are you just going to gloss it over & try to bury it.
Good to hear.  It should be a bipartisan investigation with subpoena power. Don't whitewash this. #DOYOURJOB
, tweeting this article implies support. I appreciate this support Senator. hope this remains a priority for you moving forward
do you support an independent investigation of this issue? Will the results be made public?
@pkcapitol THANK GOD!! Let's get @POTUS tax returns too!
so @JohnCornyn tell  @indivisibleATX if you mean a real investigation? or do you agree with @RandPaul about #GOP investigating #GOP
Good.
@indivisibleATX @washingtonpost Please, let this be a real investigation and not a bandage.
why are you just now showing interest? Take a STAND
great to hear!  Way to show good government!!
Thank you Senator. Please push for an independent authority to investigate. This is not a partisan issue.
As a constituent I ask you to be fair and unbiased in your investigation.  No party favors
thank you for prioritizing this over baseless voter fraud investigation.
Great! Now I don't have to call your office and complain. (: Now, let's talk failing infrastructure and jobs. #NewNewDeal
Don't make this a partisan issue like the GoP always do. This administration is your responsibility to check!
Thank you, I really appreciate this!
@indivisibleATX @washingtonpost excellent first step. We need a thorough, independent investigation. This is too important.
Thank you, sir. This needs to be an independent investigation, of course, I'm sure that's your intent.
Seeking the truth for the American people. Thank you.
special 911 like committee w independent counsel.
thank you
senator do u not realize this is a Demorats tactic?? Destroy Trump one thing after another! Ur term expires when
Finally! I'd say TY, but we had to beg you to do your job in the 1st place. #impeachTrumpnow and then convict!
took you long enough.
Good. Country before party. Investigate and see where it goes.
I think it is funny that the same 85 lib #FakeAccounts sock puppets always respond to your every tweet w/same talking points.
Thank u 4 supporting this. I hope u encourage a FULL investigation; regardless of who (ahem, 45) and what pet policy is impacted
...i pray you put #THEUNITEDSTATESOFAMERICA 1st...
This needs to be investigated like Benghazi on steroids. Anything less will not look becoming to the GOP #DoYourJob #WeWatch
thank you!
waste more taxpayers money on stuff that is already being done
so we're clear, THIS investigation is necessary - not voter fraud. Let's make this one count - hard truths and all.
@Newyorker2212 @washingtonpost Well that's nice However,thorough investigation needs 45s Taxes but 23 GOP vote against 
Thank you!
thank you. I'm glad.
thank you. Transparency please through the process.
Thank you for investigating the Russian involvement in our 2016 election.
let's not drag our feet on this.
as a constituent of yours, I want you to know that I strongly support this
- needs independent bipartisan investigation outside normal Congressional comms, but this is a start. TownHall?
Thank you for supporting this - I urge you to push for a full independent investigation
Finally! I hope you also are advocating for an Independent investigation? Sessions can not be trusted on this
Sounds like @JohnCornyn just got around to checking his voicemails from Texas constitutes that were left in January....
Obama all the way. I will bet.
it is about time
Thank God!
There needs to be an independent investigation with PUBLIC hearings. "We the PEOPLE"... remember?
Thank you - Senator Corwyn
I'm extremely pleased to hear it. I've called many times about the issue.
Thank you, Senator, for recognizing the importance.  Please take one step further, we need a Select Committee.
John, you've been dodging your constituents.  When is your next TH? We have questions for you @dallasnews
Thanks John but America wants a full independent prosecutor handling investigation including invest James Comy
Thank you, Senator Cornyn. I urge you to consider an independent investigation, one above accusation of partisanship.
Screw this, now your working with Democrats to undermine President Trump. Shameful!
It's a first step. What's really warranted is an independent investigation!  Please, the right thing!
Our other Senator from Texas @sentedcruz sees the double standard and the Witch Hunt of our new admin! #supporttrump
Good to hear. I only hope this is not for show.
I appreciate that you're investigating, but this needs independence. If it gets big, then you must expand it.
Thank you Sir!  This is what your constituents want to see happen.
Thank you Mr. Cornyn, I think that is the right move for the country.
I've been saying this since he won the election! It's about damn time you #DoYourJob!#illBelieveItWhenISeeIt
I see 45 needs an ego boosting rally in FL. Maybe you could boost your ego in a few town halls around Texas?!
do investigate Russia's influence on our elections. Tell Kevin Brady  quit obstructing the release of trumps tax
Where are the #TaxCuts & #RepealAndReplace John?
Thank you! Glad you finally stepped up! #CountryBeforeParty #GovtMatters #MostCorruptPresidentEver
GOOD.
Republicans continue to self destruct as usual when given power. POTUS threatens status quo in DC & they want to destroy him.
thank you for speaking out and pushing for an investigation.
We Texans voted 4 Trump and for change in America, We Texans will be watching ur actions very closely fm now until your election
we want a special committee
There still needs to be a special investigatory committee, and #Trump releasing his taxes to make this right.
Thank you for your willingness investigate this matter. I look forward to a thorough review.
You will make a fine Democrat one day John.  Good luck in the primarys.
please look at @realDonaldTrump taxes too.  Thank you for putting country over party
Did you develop a conscience all of a sudden? I can't believe it took this long before you acknowledged there was an issue.
Great News!!
Best news all day!! So if any foul play from DC they get to meet Mr. Session's. Man this is awesome!
I implore you to support a Special Committee. This is too big for normal standing committees. 1/
Flynn will not be the end, he wasn't the beginning. Manafort, Page, Stone...this is a bigger picture than one guy.
I thank you for finally speaking out, though I would like a compete statement. But this needs a deep dive. Country > party.
Thank God. I am deeply concerned about this. Glad you are investigating.
 About time! You put #CountryOverParty and you get my approval every time. Now let's talk about healthcare....or a #txtownhall
Beginning of the end or end of the beginning?
does this mean there won't be an independent probe? & that the findings will be filtered through a conservative?
I'd much rather get facts that are totally independent from politics because the findings may be embarrassing..
we can't trust you to schedule a town hall, John. Why should we trust you on this! #IndependentProsecutor
Please make sure this is a sincere, thorough investigation. It's too important to just make it a "show."
Good! Finally a tweet from you I can get on board with.
I'm still waiting... he's not answering my question about an independent review... otherwise it'l all b secret
About damn time! So quick to crucify Hilary but not Donald! #NotMySenatorForLong
Great! Let's make sure we're thorough about it, k? Trump's involvement too? #TxTownHall
and your thoughts exactly?
This needs to be an independent investigation. Otherwise it's useless. We're tired of lies & coverups.
Glad to hear you've changed your mind, Senator.
