Obama Spied on Americans for Years where is the Special Prosecutor?
Find your big boy pants & #DoYourJob Stop using past political ppl & politics as crutches. #CountryB4Party
Bubububuuuuubbuuut Obama; holy crap man, can you give that song up?
Are you okay? Do you need me to call a waaaaambulance for you? Can you possibly be more pathetic about party lines? #USAb4party
Oh Wow John! People know their shit! I wouldn't tweet the word Obama any more, or Clinton, or really anything! Set up a MEETING!
That's because we were getting out of Great Recession. Different situation.
So what? Is there a point here?
Prediction: Cornyn will whip support for Trump's GOP budget like an obedient lap sobaka. #cornynhole #maga #ImpeachTrump #WoofWednesday
Love the..."But, Obama did it" explanations.  Thought you boys were doing it better.  #obamawhenconvenient
i forget, did he use that assumption to justify a $2 trillion tax cut?
We need reality, not Reality, Senator.  Do your homework, check historical growth or consult an economist, but not a RW think tank.
That's because rapid growth after a deep economic contraction, like the Bush recession, is common. Note gap between Trump and CBO forecast.
He also assumed people would appreciate having Healthcare & a clean planet & public schools...crazy Obama!
So where's this massive growth under Trump? You aren't serving your constituents, sir
But Obama inherited a Bush-era recession and aided econ recovery. Now we're at equilibrium and 45's growth projection is uninformed folly.
But he didn't propose a Voodoo Economic budget. History says those fail.
Start looking for another job.
Do you, Senator, support this proposed budget? Yes or no? What parts?
FBI: We needed to follow the evidence,... so We went to Jared .
Obama took GOP crashed economy from brink to nearly full employment and Cornyn pretends that if they do it again, they get different result.
so your argument is, he was more wrong? what grade are we in!
Apples and oranges John ... quit trying to defend this lying, treasonous @POTUS by being such a partisan hack.

Based on figures released by the CBO.  This budget's assumptions have no such basis.  Try again, John.
Why are still talking about Obama
Just further proof that Democrats are delusional, incompetent and hypocritical.
sheesh John, harking back all you do ? economy was growing out of worst recession in US history (thanks again GOP) get real or get educated
Did he also propose massive cuts to programs that help kids, vets and the elderly?  I don't remember that part.
That was almost a decade ago. Can we please focus on the catastrophe that's Trump? #impeachTrumpPence #doyourjob #resist
Do you know how economics works?
I dont understand your point.
You mean when W managed to keep 2 wars out of the budget, decimated Wall St investors with deregulation and nearly crashed global economy?
Difference is GOP has proven themselves untrustworthy
Critics/Americans don't trust GOP
GOP has been gas lighting, gerrymandering.. 4 2 long
What does this have to do with now?
This is also 2017
Or we can keep playing this game and look at what number was in Kennedy's budget. Or Nixon.
We were coming out of a recession. But it's not the 3% that people have problems with.
And those passed exactly as proposed?

Does the GOP care about what's happening today?  It's 2017
Because we were coming out of worst recession since Great Depression, and he did not cut services to the most vulnerable.  Your point?
Thats amazing! So because Johnny hit me, I can hit him back? One stupid assumption does not excuse another
Fake math
Random neural firing
When you have 10% unemployment because of an inherited near depression, different expectations are warranted. Unwmployment is 4.5% now.
Normal non-recession economic growth is considered by the fed and economists as 2-2.3% for our 20 trillion economy.
Many even think our new normal is 1.8%
Over and Over it Obama this and that .This is on you and Trump This budger will kill the poor and hurt the middle class the GOP dream
Why must you morons keep going back to Obama? Seriously why? You've got a heinous old toad leading you, why not focus on him & his problems?
Republicans: literally unable to defend their policies on their own merits.
By the way this is 2017, that's the budget we're interested in, you know, the one that will punish everyone who is not rich.
He better cut more then
Check the cuts before you speak! #RUSSIA #INVESTIGATE #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad #JOKE #fakecongress
Dude enough w Obama . It's your ballgame act like it and ownnit
Obama was like "let's do the hard work and get this budget right even though the other party is lazy." He had fantastic budgets every time.
If you're going to defend Trump's DOA budget, do it by defending Trump's, not with the juvenile "...but Obama" defense. Stop!
And he was wrong. Prepared to admit the same by 2020?

- And that's clearly = to assuming $4 trillion tax cuts will add $2.5 trillion in revenue (10 - 4 = 6, not 10 - 4 = 8). Math
Yes. Anticipating that we would be long recovered from the Republican Recession.
He didn't cut Medicaid or healthcare for 24 MILLION people's t give tax breaks t the filthy rich, either.
Yet the rich got richer, the middle class healthcare cost quadrupled but yeah obama was awesome!
What does the #onceGOP assume? How fast can they get rid of as many of Those Without Enough as possible? #Shame on #TWMTE Have some #RED
So his false assumptions validate the most likely false assumptions of this budget? Revenue neutral hugely different from deficit neutral.
I went all in on a poker hand once with a deuce-ten (Doyle's hand). Am still working for a living..
More evidence that obama was an #asshat prop leading a vaudeville administration.
