just wait, in 2018 and 2020, Texans are gonna tweak our lineup of Senators and Representatives. #CornynFailedTexas
Because even pretty boy Trudeau is infinitely smarter than trump.
Didn't you mean to say, "Trump should be investigated when it comes to Russia"? Please come to Texas so we can talk about this.
Join @SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC and put integrity, security, and truth above party.
while he badgers & bullies Mex. u & @tedcruz stand by. Mex plans 2 buy bulk of corn elsewhere now. Great 4 US economy.
Because Canada is our biggest trading partner.  Mexico is our 2nd biggest...and he is fine poking forks in their eyes.
In other words, don't trust Trumpian self-control.
We can't believe a word he says so who knows what policy will be. However, @JohnCornyn will be a rubber stamp for it NMW
No concerns over Steven Mnuchin's lies on the Senate floor in confirmation hearing
voiced no concern that Mike Flynn used cel phone camera at North Korean missile intel at Mar-a-Lago http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-north-korea-mar-a-lago-meeting-photos-2017-2 …
- if HRC lost 3 advisors for Russia connects & intell said Russia interfered to elect HRC, wouldn't Congress be investigating?
has remained silent about Russian flow of cash into the Trump organization.
But what do you have to say about #FlynnResignation @JohnCornyn stop licking the boot on your neck.
has voiced no concern over Russian involvement in Donald Trump's election. http://talkingpointsmemo.com/edblog/the-timeline--2 … #FlynnRussia
and you have no comments on Flynn, sir? Really?
#TownHallJohn meet with the people. Don't be scurd. We're just normal people, right? The ones that ya work for...
Texas are talking & we're asking for your statement on Michael Flynn & the TREASON that @POTUS was aware of. Comments?
Lots of deflecting going on by you and your peers. If you don't demand the truth be told, you must have something to hide.
and we believe Trump?  Why?
keep blindly kissing his ass. And some point you may reach the "chocolate" you're looking for.
Russia Hacked Our Election! Trump, Pence gave orders! Biggest national security threat is WH! What r u going 2 do about it??
when are you going to recover from your POWER hangover? DJT is a Russia asset
he shouldn't be allowed to tweak anything. Traitors should be punished #dumptrump
Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
We want a #TownHall,
But we're ignored by you!
#AnswerThePhone
No more pussyfooting around...We DEMAND an independent investigation into WH/Russia connections NOW!
Treasury Secy. "Foreclosure King" Steven Mnuchin oversaw a bank accused of breaking a number of laws
extremely disappointed that you haven't called for an investigation on Trump & his administration's ties with Russia
has voiced no concern that AG Sally Yates told the WH that Nat'l Security Advisor Michael Flynn was exposed to Russian blackmail
Are you really talking about Canada? Where is the call for a Russian investigation? #DoYourJob
You may want to start unhitching from the President's bandwagon.
Senator do you have any comments about the scandal this administration is embroiled in after less than a month in office?
so nothing about Flynn and Russia?  What's up with that, comrade?
constituent here wants a full investigation into Russian interference Now #flynnresigns #flynngate
#flynngate #FlynnResignation we want to know about Russian deals not Canadian
are you on the Treason Train payroll too??  Stand up, be a man and do what is right.  Investigate
His cabinet member resigns for secret relations w/ RUSSIA, & you are sitting there lecturing us about Trade. You're a disgrace
We keep asking & asking, Sir. When can we expect a town hall (prob need more than 1). Not phone pls. We'll behave. 
Have ?s
Good morning John. This might not be the "big" story that your constituents are worried about. #townhall #DoYourJobJohn
, when are you going to call for an investigation on the administration's ties to Russia?  Be a patriot, not partisan.
I got up this morning worrying about Canadian trade.  Way to keep your finger on the pulse of Texans' concerns.
45 hasn't 'tweaked' anything yet. No evidence 2 trust 45's to be subtle & not in our best  interest to think otherwise.
Your house is going up in flames and you play Tiddlywinks.
you don't have anything to say about Flynn? Lead the way for investigation. DO SOMETHING, dude. It's your job.
When do you plan an investigation into the numerous rumors of Russian interference in our govt? Only way to restore faith.
u have the pwr to investigate. What's the holdup?
right this second, NO ONE CARES ABOUT CANADA , do your job.
Using words "only," "tweaking," "trade," & 45 are a major concern & how many days since inaugural? What a mess!
Why is he going to fuck up our relationship with Canada?  Is it because of the handshake,
Well, if you can trust anyone's word it's Trump.
Republicans  can learn from Canada how to make drugs affordable. Fewer kickbacks to Republicans from Drug companies maybe?
impeach 45!!!!  It's a sinking ship and the longer you support him the worse it is!
#impeach45
Please comment on Flynn's resignation & Russia ties that now threaten to envelop the White House.
How about a Texas town hall schedule?
thats the plan today, tomorrow’s plan will be totally different.
Are you ready to support a special investigation yet?
When are you going to start investigating this administration's ties to Russia?
liar
Trump must still be pressed on whether he knew at the time that Flynn was discussing sanctions with the Russians
Flynn comments? Call for investigations? Pursuing answers? I hope you don't remain silent & complacent.
love to talk to you about it at that Town Hall meeting you are planning. What was that date again?
Seriously? Nothing on Flynn at all? #TxTownHall
You mean trying to out his name on good things??? #dipshit
probably wants them to charge more for drugs
When do you plan to talk with the constituents of Texas? I have concerns about the ACA!
he's a coward. He won't do it. No incentive! Which is why we have to get him the hell out
Yes. Republicans must put Natl Security before party. But so far, nothing. This lack of response is deeply troubling.
sounds biased
Do you have your town hall schedule for "state work" done yet? I need to make plans. I have many questions.
Way to avoid your possible Constitutional obligations. Are you going to WH screening of All the President's Men, John?
.@JohnCornyn please remember that the President didn't appoint you, and that he can't fire you.
party>country
