Most guilty people do deny.   His denial proves nothing.
Aw, poor Jeff. Maybe if he would quit his "detestable lies" we'd get to the bottom of this crooked government!
Would you be nervous of Harris under cross-examination? Sessions also open to contempt and obstruction charges. Don't mention that.
He didn't deny anything, he just purposely forgot anything that happened
Of course he did. Doesn't make it true.

Sessions is all in with 45, and you are putting party before country, too.
Sessions being coached by basically a perverted street thug ... assume that is what you are too .
Sounds like you are proud of obstructing. You don't care about TX residents or average Americans. Time to go John.
Of course he does.  He has a habit of lying to congress (already proven), so why should this be any different.
Your lack of interest in potential collusion and determination to cover for 45 is duly noted. I look forward to you trying to run on it.
Its your heros birthday today and you have not fawned over him yet. You can chip in on a Russian flag to fly over the WH

Why can't anyone see the healthcare bill you and your friends are doing? Why are you willing to risk the health of the people for tax cuts?
"declined during often contentious Senate hearing to answer central questions about his or President Trump’s conduct."
How is it you support him in the highest law enforcement position, even though he has lied to congress and "can't recall" most anything.

Oh John. We really aren't this stupid. You keep tweeting these things and Texans know better.
How can you side with the enemy over our great country and call yourself a patriot? You should be ashamed of yourself and your fellow repubs
Pary over country = Patriotism. You didn't know that, snowflake? 
Why are you posting this? You wasted your time talking about distractions instead of asking substantial questions.
Typical Cornyn. Won't make a statement. Won't hold a town hall. It's almost like he's forgotten who employs him. #TurnTXBlue
He knows who employs him - his bank account!
Sessions lied under oath in another hearing. Is that legal?
Did you expect a man who has already shown he will lie to Congress easily, to tell the truth now?! I've got oceanfront land in AZ for you!
Yeah he has previously denied communicating with the Russians at all...and his memory appears to be so bad hard to know what to believe...
I thought the NYT was #FakeNews ?
Let's wait and see!
Sure he does, but he managed to forget every meeting he had with the Russians.
Sessions #DidntRecall hardly anything and you, as usual, wimped out on your questions.  When do you put country before party?  #Failure
Someone gave 'ol Jefferson the vapors. Hand that boy a mint julip to calm his nerves after such a verbal tirade.
This is what the @SenateGOP have turned into. Deplorable & Detestable liars. You are the Whip of this sideshow. Congrats! 
that's code for "it's true but y'all can't prove it"
Stop ignoring your constituents. Read the article. #complicitcoward
It is funny because HE is the one who put himself in the middle of this in his off the cuff answer to a ? Franken did not answer.
I don't recall.  I don't remember.  I have no recollection...Oh, THAT Russia...well, yes then
More like Jeff Sessions refuses to answer questions regarding possible collusion with Russia & is protected by Senators such as Cornyn.

Lemme fix that for you, "White supremacist Sessions lied multiple times to Congress"
The hell you say!  White supremacist who took down the KKK in Alabama.  You are crazy!
Yeah yeah. We read it
Should have read, Sessions refuses to answer multiple critical questions about involvement in Russian hack of US election. #resist

I'm a constituent. You did a little better than the last time. It's hard,I know, whenAG is your friend. We depend on you. We want the truth.
Jeff Sessions refuses to answer questions and can't provide a legal justification for doing so.
Well we will all believe him! NOT!
Cornyn....yr questions to Sessions weren't about the issue.  Sessions is an old racist man from the south. Complicent in Russia too?
... from the guy who already lied to the Senate under oath once anyways. Sure.
Disgusting performance, he's lying threw his teeth, must be removed from office.
Once again I hear nothing from U in Support of Sessions or Trump! Exactly what do u do? U should b right there !
He is in for a world of hurt. This is just getting started.
But we already know he is willing to lie to congress, so how credible can he really be.
@JohnCornyn he also said that it was clear russia attacked our election -which u ignore- & played legal jujitsu to avoid direct questions
Sen. "Softball" John Cornyn Denies Collusion With Reason, Takes Hard Line Questioning Why Sessions Hasn't Investigated Mystery at the Museum
Wow. That does not sound partisan at all. Please do your job without regard to party.
waste of precious legislative time....while obamacare continues to increase premiums for all citizens, mfg jobs continue to be exported...
How can he deny anything when remembers nothing or can't recall?
Sessions lied under oath before, lied yesterday, and will lie again. What's your point, John?
Why don't you tell your constituents about the health bill? Are Repubs afraid of Americans?
Can you even act objective?
What are you doing to our healthcare?
Cornyn is making it pretty clear he stands with those who invaded us via meddling in our elections.  He will go down in history as such.
Y'all are all in cahoots with Trump putting party before country. It's sickening. #AGSessions #DonTheCon #DumpTrump #FireSessions
U may add "contempt of congress" 2 AG Sessions resume. Invoking an unknown policy to not answer questions is par 4 course 4 this admin.
Where is your patriotism? Russia attacked us! Why are you not more concerned? Because it helped your party? #CountryOverParty
As one of your constituents, I continue to plead for you to put our country above political party. Clearly something is being covered up.
we need to let the investigation run its course, there is something there, follow the money @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc
Didn't lay a glove on @AGJeffSessons He showed that the entire Russia Trump collusion theory is a hoax wasting Americas time @NYTIMES
John. Do you have any concerns or do you see all this as okay/witch hunt?
Worth reading the article.  Quite a bit left unsaid in testimony including why he did NOT disclose his meeting with Russia ambassador
Judging from his evasive testimony, I think the only part of the Constitution Sessions understands and respects is "taking the 5th"
Wow, NYTimes writes strong headline to describe passive & evasive testimony from Sessions where he barely did more than avoid the question
#45sBootlickers #Partyovercountry
He just forgot meeting with the Russians: no one ever claimed being the attorney general needed brains. He's a mean mother.
don't forget about the part where a woman of color makes him 'nervous.'
Sessions mostly showed himself to be incompetent. And a liar, but why did you confirm this mess as AG? He's not fit for the office!
Fake AG.  Fake senator. Fake & illegit @POTUS
- You didn't read this, did you? You only read the headlines & perhaps opening paragraph. You. Need. Social. Media. Mgr
We know Sessions didn't help hack the DNC but did he hear the president talk about removing Flynn to stop the investigation?
Outside of Corpus mother had back surg at 82 T4/T8 if you and some of your compadres need backbone fragments. Just saying
Why do t you hold his feet to the fire for not answering?  Ask yourself, how would I respond if a democrat did what Sessions did?
Yea, still has a case of amnesia like the GOP.
But then he really can't remember, so cut him a break, powerful black women make him nervous
#RsScaredofSmartWomen
@JohnCornyn this administration is soooo truth challenged & Sessions is further proof. Can't you do something? GOP or USA?
What's in the health care bill, John?
Coming soon to a headline in 2020...Former Texas senator laments 'I should've put country before the party'.
So, which is it? Are only certain things from the Times fake? Only the things you agree with are real? So, what about that healtcare bill?
He seemed to remember every detail of ... wait ... nothing.
GOP Senators throw soft ball questions at AG to cover up Russian election interferance
Yes. & why are you still litigating H emails? Are you so desperate to pass your hateful agenda that you will ignore the Russians in our WH?
Sessions refuses to answer questions. Cornyn defends the awful way his bff Hillary was treated by Comey. Two more relevant headlines.
Retweeting @nytimes?! I thought it was Fake News? I wonder how you would react if Holder or Lynch did what the little racist Keebler elf did
For history: Cornyn is totally down with Soviet takeover, despite occasionally headline quotations.
Sessions is in contempt of Congress. Also, great to see him admit that strong woman like Harris make him nervous. He should resign.
He has plenty to be nervous about! & the R's just feeding him ??s. Sad.
It's obvious you have zero intention of getting to the bottom of Putin's interference with our election. #gopCoverup
Good morning Sir people like me in Texas have been calling you . I hope you are listening to our messages since no one is answering t/phone
His good name has been besmirched for strictly political reasons !!!
What good name? He's incompetent. Doesn't understand attorney client or exec privelege, flubs basic legal issues.
What can we do to repub liars.
Fends off? Please. @SenKamalaHarris ate that racist little elf's lunch.
And yet.........
