@IndigenousX
Pathetic that the American people can not survive unless they have a gun. It is not a developed country or a democratic country.
u don't have a rat's ads about the people of the US!
My God the HYPOCRISY and Dementia of the COMMUNIST LEFT is growing as fast as their Bots!  Soros must have set up a new Bot Depot to inundate with this much bullsheit and negativity. None showed up when tge Lord was handing out brains. 
Fascist Donald J. Trump denigrated and bullied protestors at his campaign rallies; said he would like to punch them, even offering to pay legal fees for those present who might be willing to attack them.
cant wait to protest if u ever have the bottle to visit the uk
Except NFL players I suppose
That’s clearly not the forum for any protest. It was meant for entertainment. People don’t spend hundreds of dollars going to a game to see our  protested! That flag is a symbol of our free country, bought and paid for by our brave military’s blood. Death, maimed, changed!
Hmm unless you actually have to see those protesting against you right?
Except NFL players ? 'sons of bitches"

Still?
So, like, you gonna visit the UK or what, man?
lol
Says the man who won't go to the UK if protests are allowed...
Unless traveling to the UK.
#SnowflakeInChief
Except if they’re British protesting Trump.
And now you’re whinging about not visiting the UK cos of protests?! Tosser
Snowflake in chief.
This tweet has aged like a fine wine
Comeeeeeee on now. You guys can't be believing this nonsense.
Like the NFL players peacefully protesting police violence this season? Hmm. Doesn’t seem your tweet fits your demonstrated beliefs and actions.
Have your tried http://www.someonestolemyphonewhatcanido.com  ?
Since when? Tell that to your injustice department.
Even females? Way too generous!
Since when!! What a liar you NEVER believe people have the right to protest, especially when the protest are against YOU!
they're marching against you, you moron. #MoronDon #morons #MoronInChief #moron
@donaldtrump says that peaceful protests are a cornerstone of our democracy. Of course he said that about women marching but the peaceful protests done by football players is un American. Wtf!!!
didnʻt really write this as he isnʻt capable of using such big words or recognizing our right to voice our opinion. What staff member wrote this? Got fired?
Unless your a black male in the NFL. Then I guess the hallmark of democracy don’t apply! You need to hire someone to remind you of your lies, for sure they are guaranteed to be around for a long time.
Like the #nfl players, right?
So why your objection to NFL players kneeling, Donny-boy?
Sir, we are a Republic, not a democracy.  I would never fight for a democracy, but I will fight, kill and if needs be die to restore our Republic.
WILL YESTERDAYS MISTAKES HELP STOP TOMORROWS MISTAKES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hope you and your Family have a Great Thanksgiving Day !
Hey BUSTED! You did not write this... it's Way too coherent!(exclamation marks for your enjoyment)
its Obama care
#TakeAKnee #TakeAKnee #TakeAKnee #TakeAKnee #TakeAKnee #TakeAKnee #TakeAKnee #TakeAKnee #TakeAKnee
#TakeAKnee #TakeAKnee #TakeAKnee
Take a knee go to church get a job and be productive to society !
My view is that you are an SOB & I want you thrown out of the office you & Putin rigged & stoled from the American people - RESIGN-REMOVE.
You are a fake illegitimate president-don't know what your doing-& you are hateful & greedy. You rape people, & everything you touch. Go!
Let somebody in there that knows what they're doing!  Someone who'll answer to the people.  Don't make us throw you out.  Have some dignity.
You are a shameful embarrassment to the country & the world! You lie nonstop & cant be trusted because of it. Make America proud again, QUIT
Really..... So taking a knee isn't peaceful?
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to exp...
Unless they play football???
Right. You’re a blemish.
No you don’t.
Until you don't. #Racist #Liar #Hypocracy
Remember when you pretended to be respectful. Can you go back to pretending. Or just quit ur job.
Do not honor our flag go to where is non!
ummm yeah, you shouldn't even feel the need to say this, it's called the #1A you moron
Bullshit
Love to see all NFL standing on sidewalk with protest signs.ur personal views can be expressed but if protest at work their r consequences.
protest on your own time,
not during working hours. He's not arguing theirnright to protest. He's saying it wrong to do it at work.
Curious...if NFL ratings are low because people would rather see you...where would they've found you to watch you instead? Your news feed?
Don't think for a second revoking journalist's license because your feeling butt hurt is no less than a Dictator's mindset.1ST AMEND ROCKS!!
Business owners forcing employees stand for the flag because govt says it must be so is DICTATING control over 1st amend rights. UnAmerican.
Unless, except, only if, and but...forgot to get your ghost writer to make it more clear. NFL should force it or players lose tax breaks?
Except for NFL players?

Lol
You recognise players rights to kneel but don't agree, Fair!! But it is their right, and they are your words! #NFL #Trump
Lie
Really?  That is what those NFL players were doing!! SMDH
Exactly! You get it.
the irony never ceases to amaze me #NFL
What was the expiration date on thought?
can’t wait for 2020 to come already
Unless you're black, brown, yellow, disagree with you
#Traitor 
#TrumpsKatrina
That's a damn lie and you proved it with the @NFL. Dear God, you are so full of it.
Yes, Kim, you also have a right to urinate on the flag.
Hypocrisy
I see you have deleted your tweet regarding burning the flag.  What, do you not want people to see how utterly fake and dishonest you are?
Then act like it. Stop wrapping injustice in the American Flag as an excuse to ensure that such injustice continues without protest.

Oh sure as long as it’s the protest u think is worth it, then it’s ok. U disagreement with it, then they r sob’s. Hypocrite!
Except blacks and other colors then it is wrong

WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME IT WAS OKAY FOR YOU TO PROTEST ON YOUR JOB, LET ME KNOW HOW THAT WORKS OUT FOR YOU HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
The hell you do! You call them Sons Of Bitches and wanted them all fired! You need to be the one fired! This second couldn't be fast enough!
This tweet hasn’t aged well...

Can I hear an, oh yeah!!!
@remymartinNYC There really is a tweet for everything
But, Sept 23, 2017 they should be fired? Your supporters are blind, but the ones who see will never forget what you’ve done to our country
If you're white
Hey! Remember this?!
You have the right to call them sons of bitches. Do you have the right to ask for their dismissal? They have first amendment rights, too.
My my, how politically correct of you.  Who is this masked Tweeter?
@realDonaldTrump aka Donald Drumpf
Shame on you, Donald.
As long as they don't kneel down to protest.. you just contradicted yourself..?
Did they report this on Fox yet so you can hear your own hypocrisy.
this ages well
dont they all
Represent the kingdom of God and serve with wisdom and love for the people.
Corey had the same right to a peaceful protest, but he was denied that right ...
No you don't Donnie or you wouldn't be whining about the NFL. To you it's only a hallmark if you agree with why they are protesting.
I'm seriously so done with this; Trump can say something meaningful, and he's called cowardly for it. Something bold, and he's demonized.
For real say .....@realDonaldTrump
I'm sorry. Say again please?
HE RECOGNIZES THE RIGHT, UNTIL HE THINKS OF SOMETHING ELSE IGNORANT TO SAY TO APPEAL TO HIS FAN BASE.
I am against the way they are protesting wish it was different but I won’t stop watching footballs ever Seahawks are my team GO HAWKS!!!
Donald Trump? Saying something MEANINGFUL? WHO ARE YOU AND WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH MY PRESIDENT!?!?!?!
Bullshit!
Do their not son of a birches then?
Does that mean you're going to take back those dozens of tweets & apologize on national television for calling protesters son's of bitches?
Unless those protesting are black? This contradicts you stand on #nflprotest
How quickly you forget/ forgot?!?!


You are such a liar, you don't care about other people's veiws at all
Did you take your meds today?  I'm pretty sure yesterday you were calling for players to be fired for protesting.
is he ok
So does mean no more @NFL bad talking?
is kneeling violent???

No you dont.
Oh shut up
lol
Liar.
This tweet did not age well.

No you don't.
Ok who hacked this dudes twitter
@jidk1187 what happened he changed his mind?
No doubt.
Unless you're black, then I urge your boss to fire you.
Because...white supremacy.
May I remind you?
lol sure jan
lol shut up
I thought you were a fan of peaceful protests, @realDonaldTrump ?
Who wrote this?

Well I guess not then huh
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
.....yo donnie .... someone hacked your account
You don't stand for ANYTHING do you?
Lmao in two days I will be expecting another recanting statement of this tweet like he did with Charlottesville 
I'm sorry for laughing at this so hard.
If that was TRUE - YOU would not have continued the way you did!
No you dont

Huh?
You were calling for the NFL to take away the most basic right that America has. Don't tell me you recognize the rights of the people
@realDonaldTrump finally you step up as the steward of our constitution and say something that resonates with the American people everywhere
What the fuck is you saying, you don't ever make sense.
The @NFL players are peacefully protesting a very honorable subject

Flip flop much? Lol
You're a lying #Dotard and we all know it.
LOLOLOL
He forgot he said it
Sometimes peaceful protests are inappropriate. Protesting at funerals may be within our rights but doesn't show Respect for People. #lean

Sure, jan

It's pretty obvious when someone else tweets from his account. This did not end with an exclamation mark and sounded reasonable.

Not Donny.
What happened?
I smell  .
Presidential tweets so far this weekend about football & race: 6
Health care bill: 6 (4 mention McCain)
Nuclear war: 2
Puerto Rico crisis: 0
The history of his tweets should be enough to get a psych eval.. Section8 Not fit 4 #POTUS Narcissist  Translation BATSHIT FUKIN CRAZY
If only U could reach your actual testicular fortitude and help!! Not have them squeezed and bound and be the puppet! Can you say #whipped

I’m sure there’s one “Wenger Out” and “Arsene Knows” tweet by Trump if I dig hard enough. Man tweets about every damn thing. 

Recognizing and respecting are two very different things.  Try the latter.
But you still want them sacked for expressing them?
You are saying this after everyone flammed your a**

Wish it was so! You are really not doing that, are you?
*puts his own dick in his mouth for $1,000*

LASER SOUND
LASER SOUND
LASER SOUND

*DAILY DOUBLE LOGO APPEARS*
Dawg
On the irony
Lollll that guy is a 
