Great to this side of USMC
You will be blessed one day
The main stream media is telling the world this isn’t true. MSNBC CNN leading the way
God Bless You 
Thank you. Marine Mom proud

Improvise, adapt, overcome
All military is represented in P.R.. What would happen if the military is shown carrying all the people in their arms to the food & water?
BTW, Brad, while Climate Alarmist's can't predict anything w/any accuracy, real data vs questionable modeling led 2 this accurate prediction
God bless my Marines! 
With you always!
Love,
Mom
Hang on boys God bless you
Thank you for your service!
This, this right here. This is why I will always be proud to be a Marine.
Thank you Matt.   We are free because of you.
Thanks & Gratitude to the #Marines God Bless Them & Keep Them Safefor their Families too
Hey NFL are you seeing this!This isn’t about POTUS it’s about the respect for the Military ,men and women in blue and the Vets! STAND UP 
UNITED STATES MARINES - “NO BETTER FRIEND...” 
Amen!
As always!!!
I feel so sorry for them I prayed for them too
Semper Fi and getting it done.
Thank you
From the loss of Puerto Rico to the floods of Harvey. You will fight our country’s battles on the land and in the sea.......US MARINES.
We love watching recruits bust out of their shells @MCRDPI in South Carolina. Thank you for your service! #CarolinaMade
MEN you can RELY ON #MAGA!
Hang on boys God blessé you
You are why we're proud to be Americans.
Thank God for the Marines
That was not Puerto Rico
Thank you U.S. Marines - Semper Fidelis.  You devil dogs are the best of the best!
OORAH Soldiers!
THESES are the  MEN that AMERICA can RELY ON and KNOW WHAT IT MEANS TO WEAR A "HELMET"!
THANK YOU to our Marines and all the good they do...and THANK YOU to our Commander-in Chief Donald Trump who sent our troops to help...
hugs and kisses...love you.
Thank you for your SERVICES!!
BZ & SEMPER FI...
we love you all thank you so much for everything you do for America one big family
Thank you for serving... you are appreciated 
Thank you every day!
. @SenWarren
Semper Fi !!!
God Bless &  God Speed
The Truth!! God bless all of you!!
1234 I love the marine corps
Thank you!
God Bless you all and your loved ones. Thank you so much for the gift of your service and sacrifice. It takes loving hearts to give it all
Well put
Never listen to that corrupt Mayor. We honor our Marines! Thank u for all u do.
Thank you
@SharylAttkisson Faithful.
Thank you all for your service! 
Very much appreciated and respected! 
Hey there Sis!
Hey Sis!

God Bless the Marines for all they do!
God bless! 
Ooh rah!
God Bless You All 
Sempre Fi! Thank you for your service!
God bless the #USMarines they work tirelessly!!!! Thanks one more time
Evening sir and folks, Outstanding post and video of the Marines. Being military it is one of the those other things we do well.
Not one word from the LYING Fake Media.
& our NFL players want to take a knee instead of honoring the men & women who deserve accolades
Thank You for Your Service @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump
It’s sad that the media is down playing the great efforts that our president and troops are doing, we should all be proud and thankful
maybe now the bitch is happy
Marines-more loyal to America than yo are to your constituents.When is the TH on tax reform,future healthcare, immigration with Texas Voters
Thank you for helping all these people! God bless our #Military

@USMCand@Cernvich And that Lying pathetic witch of a Mayor said their was no help replace her with a nother Mayor she's Crooked as hell
Thank you for your service #Marines
God bless our #Marines
Thank you for helping our fellow Americans. You are much appreciated and not forgotten.
@JOMainEvent ty Marines!!  Tell that to hillarys peoples
Semperfi
Thank you. Don't hugest caught in the back and forth. We appreciate you doing your jobs while others bloviate.
We know you guys are doing your thing .... the fight is not about you. Love y'all.  ~ Daughter of a living WWIIVet ~
thank you for your service!
But a mayor in San Juan said no one is helping? (Sarcasm). You are the best of the best!
Harvey, Irma; The nation's emergency responders have been working hard for a month before Maria hit PR. Worn out. Called incompetent by Pol
Bless the Marine Corps!
Thank you for all you do
God Bless our Marines;  Semper Fidelis
Damn looks like Trump is had two marines in Puerto Rico for a while now. But the Trump haters he's not doing
@robreiner Things are being done... Do you want the entire Marine Corps to be on Puerto Rico before you think anything is getting done?
This isn't our first humanitarian relief rodeo.  #everyclimbandplace #seaangel
OohRah!
Good job on the DSCA
Thank you to our dedicated service men and God Bless you all 
GOd Bless and Keep our Finest. In times of peace and war they serve. CNN degrades them NFL degrades them but know America loves U!

God Bless USA and our Military!
OOOORAH!

Thank you USMC and God bless you all and our country!! 
Thank you for all you do. Keep up the good work!
Thank you Marines 
I thought no one was there. @CNN #Fakenewsmedia
Marines are getting it done even though the administration dropped the ball.

https://www.gofundme.com/swj5k-hurricane-maria-puerto-rico … Please share and please help donate to Puerto Rico by clicking on the link 
God bless our Marines 
Semper Fi! My heros
This is why we stand for our Flag, to thank our troops and show RESPECT for those who paid the ultimate price...
SEMPER-FI MATES, wish I could help I did my tour in 52-61
Thank you 
Semper Fidelis
#ProudMarineMom 
Thank you!
Thank you for your service.
True heroes 
Always first to respond
First In Last 2 Leave
Thank you!
Inb4 people raging saying trump is doing nothing
The MARINES HAVE LANDED!!
Thank You!!
God bless you. Hi Nigel do your best wherever you are.
Marines always get the job done.
Thanks Marines. Semper Fi.
Whooyah!

That's because we only have the best!
Thank you!!
Ty for your service
Have lot of good memories with US Marines, always excited to work with them & serve them as a contractor.
god bless!  Thank you! For being there since i cant
Proud to live in America!
thank you marines for getting it r done hoo rah
Yes when it positively needs to get done
sempi fi
Thank you Thank you Thank youfor always being ready willing and able to protect and serveGod Bless you all
These can't be US Marines. I've seen the Mayor of SJ say no US help. How can this be? Yet she found someone to make her hats and shirts?
Thank you! They need the help so badly, my dad is out there. He thanks you!
My prayers are with your family.
It's so sad that Dems and San Juan mayor are politicizing when our heroes are working so hard for the victims
America's Marines must be an incredible sight to those in Harms way. So proud. Semper fi  
Thank you!
US Marines...saving lives since 1775. Thank you for your service.
Thank you for the services  you give. From England
From an old Marine, just take over and do what needs to be done. To Hell with the politicians.
https://kindle-campaign.everydayhero.com/us/marine-corps-association-foundation-kindle-campaign …

Please show some love for our heroes! Semper Fi
Thank you for your continued efforts and service! Muchisimas gracias! 
Always have pride in the marines and our country and always will!  Not so with the man in the White House
One of many reasons the Marines is the best military branch. #SemperFi
Muh PR op.
Semper Fi
This is why we stand. To show our loyalty to our military protectors(&police). When U kneel U are saying U don’t support UR country. 

Love and respect our military. So proud of our Marines!!! Prayers are with you, God bless y'all.
Please ask th major of San Juan  to step outside so she can see all the help
So sorry your commander n chief waited so long to send you in. We knew you could do the job helping and Saving FELLOW AMERICANS THANK YOU!
never enough never happy.  find fault with everything and everyone.  pos
Stick to FACTS...but you wouldn't know one if you saw one. POS person of sanity!
Semper Fi! #USMC
Oorah Devil Dogs!
That's awesome! Love the Marines for everything they do!
Thank you!!!!
Thank you, for all you are doing!  God bless our men in uniform and all their sacrifices to help Americans.
Thank you for your service!
Thank you ! We have seen you working hard and saving lives! Just wish you had more resources!
Thank you for your service! God bless the military and God bless the USA!
#BeingSemper Fi

