Town Hall, John.  You are just perpetuating the divisions.
you should too; your chance at reelection will be dependent on how much you have distanced yourself from this disaster.
Sound famiar? 8 years of obstructionist Republican Congress taught them a lot.  #CanCornyn2020
And you are right. We are an army, The likes of which this country has never seen. U are watching the opening of Pandora's box.
conciliation with Fascism? Never! And, by the way, we are not going away!
, you are a disgrace. It's an "army" of constituents who disagree with extreme right. Moderate republicans await a town hall
y'all did it because you wouldn't work with a black man. At least Dems are listening to their people.
Yeah but the DemonCrats LOST!!! GET OVER IT, SNOWFLAKE LibTard!
What a precedent started by @JohnCornyn and friends.
I thought I was a voter and tax payer. Who are they supposed to bow to? King Trump?
Sort of like the pot calling the  kettle black  isn't it!
no they're standing up to a divisive, racist, unconstitutional man who doesn't respect a free press. Since the GOP won't.
I wonder where they could possibly have gotten that idea?
And look at you bowing to an autocrat.  Grow a backbone or get out.  Nov. 6, 2018.
You represent both parties as our Senator. Please hold a #TownHall to meet with ALL of your constituents.
too much of a coward.
When are you going to listen to your CONSTITUENTS? We r concerned voters, not just democrats. History will not judge you kindly.
part of that army are your constituents.  You need to stand with us, too.
somewhat like republicans did for 8 years of Obama admin??? Hypocrite
and why should they when pres lies and discriminates among other things
Not liberals. Constituents, Senator. You know, your Real bosses?
turn your phones on- would love to have this convo with you or staff
An incensed army of the majority of Americans, perhaps. Listen to your constituents instead of cowering from them.
The American people voted for Hillary's platform.
we do not negotiate with terrorists who try to hold our country and our way of life hostage
they are reacting to the Republicans insane nominees, bills and way to many changes to those that aren't rich Republicans.
@JohnCornynWait,didn't all the @RepSenators @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan,u @SenTedCruz do the same thing 2 Obama 4 8 yrs.blocked @GarlandSCOTUS
Just like y'all did with the tea party and Obama. Jesus, don't you remember recent history at all?
the republican party has most conviently forgotten the last 8 years, like they have forgotten thier principles.
because WH lie every breath, refuse to be transparent, destroy families,are white supremacists. U 2
'who cares' is the question
seriously? You are adorable at social media...
I'm not sure conciliation with trump is the right thing to do
damn right!
And you have cast aside any notion of representing Americans
it would be nice if every one honored the truth - Mr Cornyn.
don't forget you represent all Texans!! Not just the ones you agree with. Might not be in your best interest to sling mud...
bowing to insane fascist, GOP casts aside any notion of being a responsible political party.
what 'bout those 8 yrs of OBSTRUCTION by you'publicans. Your party created precedent, so no crying foul.
Think maybe a bullying, disrespectful White House occupant have anything to do with it?
Even if constituents = "an incensed army of liberals" listening to them is your JOB. Try it! Might accidentally learn something.
you represent ALL YOUR CONSTITUENTS- liberal or not! Sad. You need to be relieved of your job. I will vote you out
You are a part of the problem.
Or is it just the other way around.
Such hypocrisy from the party who would not work with Obama for 8 years
Grow up. Be a man. Do your job. I have to. Represent all people. Right now you are acting like a small man, a coward.
- given WAPO report re Burr & Nunes downplaying collusion at request of WH, time for INDEPENDENT bipartisan investigation?!
we're u conciliatory w/potus 44 n his supreme court nominee
you and your radicals are going down! Radical Christian hate that you spew!
Never thought I'd say it but I miss Ronald Reagan and Tip O'Neal.
Your sneering use of the word "liberals" has been noted. Enjoy your forced retirement.
When the executive branch has eroded all our freedoms, don't come back to Texas. You are responsible!! #TXVoter
What goes around comes around John!
What I expect you to do is uphold the constitution, be a part of a separate part of government rather than rubber stamp Trump.
U prefer being blind to what's going on Your party won ACT LIKE ADULTS YOU'LL LOOK SO MUCH SMARTER Fact Trump ia bragging liar
give it a break Senator. What efforts to bridge the gap has the WH made? I expect more from my senators
Bowing and bending over for dollars is the true American way   U will see election time
barring the media is not right...
Doesn't that sound familiar, Cornyn?
Sounds familiarly like the last 8 years. BTW you have an incensed army of constituents, not all liberals. #TownHall #TXVoter
please don't write this off as extremist liberals on the left. Conservative Christians are also very concerned.
bowing down to a racist dictator with a penchant for lies have all but cast aside your hopes of being a patriot not a partisan
you benefit from gerrymandering and people who don't vote.
He's the least popular POTUS in modern history. Defend the man at your own peril.
wow. We are constituents regardless of our politics. You have sold me out.
I sure hope you disagree with the press being excluded from a White House briefing. This is terrifying.
where's the link, or it's "fake news."
the republicans were so conciliatory for all of obama's presidency, right?
the NYT is one of the most read publications in the world. 

We don't want to compromise, because we outnumber you. Wake up.
Democracy doesn't smell like Trump's ass, brown noser. Free speech, freedom of the press, belongs to all of US!
Thanks for your maturity. I'm one of your voting constituents and I'll wait patiently until 2020.
why should we conciliate? Republicans blocked Obamacare at every turn, and there's been zero reaching out from Trump.
you are exhausting. Wrong side of history, again Senator. "incensed army???"  #potmeetkettle indeed
I'd say they were responding to constituents Republican obstruction got us here Figure out how to work together #cancornyn2010
oops.....no reelection for you!!!  Sad! Texas was very purple this last election. THE MAJORITY DID NOT WANT THAT EGOMANIAC IN WH
that's a lot of nerve, senator. You work for ALL of Texas including the dems who are angry at the white nationalists in the WH.
following in the tea party's footsteps!!!
love your sense of humor.
and why would anyone build a coalition with the hate army in the White House? @realDonaldTrump is a sick pathological liar
anyone who refers to their constituents in such an arrogant way shouldn't be representing us in congress #retirement2020
- an extremely demeaning thing to say... Why are you not incensed with this Whitehouse? Embarrassed to say you represent Texas.
Are you mad because Dems are copying your playbook? Refusal to compromise is THE core Republican value. This is your doing.
incensed army of liberals, moderates and yes, even some conservatives. We are your constituents.
There was a time Republican=educated+thoughtful+justified.  Gone, as will the majority be in two years.  TKU Cruz and Cornyn!
just like republicans did with Obama
The WH wants to deport my parents, take away my HC & ban my religion.
But hey, let's talk common ground.
I'm not an incensed army, I'm a constituent. Investigate Russian interference in our elect and insist POTUS release his taxes
FYI, it's not just liberals. It's time that you reach out to your voter base and really gauge what is going on.....
FYI as you recall this is exactly what you did to President Obama for eight years.
DO YOUR JOB!
Your obvious hate for your "other" constituents is so easy to spot. You work for us remember!
I am a liberal and I hate putin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
good men and women have died to protect our democracy #CountryOverParty if you do nothing you are complicit and accountable
I'm an incensed liberal. Your constituent, in fact. I support working with the White House, and have for 8 years. #Listeningyet?
Doesn't have constituents  just donors.
What your party seems to find to be just, I don't see how anyone w/ principle could work with you.
Republicans can dish it out but can't take it. #pussies
Wasn't it mitch mcconnell (incensed conservative) who vowed to oppose everything Barack Obama proposed?  How does the shoe fit?
who will have the courage to cast aside political divides and work together for the people over the corporations?
I'm one of those incensed liberals. Also, I'm a constituent. Think about that.
wow sounds familiar, like the GOP the past 8 years.
Are you kidding?  Investigate Trump!  Trumps tax returns!  Hold a town hall! #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS
you mean REGISTERED VOTERS?! You will be out of a job very soon!!!
You know what would be great? If you provided a link instead of just a smear.
We are voters. Don't dehumanize me with a catch phrase. You are now culpable for the attack on First Amendment rights.
thoughts on the reports from @igorvolsky that NYT, LA times, CNN, politico barred from WH press gaggle? no town halls, no press?
you still represent me Senator, I'm still your constituent. This does not seem like the language of unification.
Town Hall in Htown please. Fix ACA Don't repeal
how has The President acted in anyway conciliatory towards Democrat?  He only attacks.
Just b/c Republicans cast their lot with Trump doesn't mean the rest of us have to or will.
much like the Republicans did with Obama.  Remember the Tea Party.  Don't act like this is some new political development.
you left out the sentence that follows that one: "Instead, they are mimicking the Republican approach of the last eight years"
john cornyn: "anyone who disagrees with me is a leftist agitator paid by george soros, it's a conspiracy definitely" -2017
town hall. maybe instead of hosting $500/person fundraiser in DC monday you could have had a town hall here. 75082.
some of the army of liberals are your constituents.
Why would anyone work with an administration bent on "deconstruction of the administrative state?" Are you a Leninist, too?
organized army of AMERICANS... working hard to get now bc "Democracy dies in darkness"
Democrats haven't done that 45 has! He is not a president for anyone other than those who praise him. R u one of them?
heheehe, makes me laugh. And the GOP during Obama's presidency?
this so called army is Your constituents, coward
Reality check: I'm your constituent, and you're a career politician who's been resting on his laurels for the past 15 years
just as you did with Dems for 8 years. NOW YOU OWN IT! Beware!
and you have not had a townhall
When the tea party & Repubs did it, you called it enthusiasm. But if we disagree with you, we are an incensed army of liberals?
is it possible that we aren't paid agitators from out of state, but just consistents pissed you're selling us out for big $?
you have cast aside any hope of being reelected.
How conciliatory were You with the Obama admin? It was whatever he was for you republicans were against for 8 yrs. remember?
you misspelled constituents
Bowing to an incensed army of Tea Party Conservatives, Republicans all but cast aside any notion of conciliation with Obama WH
That's both good/bad. I believe they will become "unelectable"  to the middle class voter. Impossible to work with in congress
Instead of minimizing your constituents you need to make CERTAIN the group you are supporting is NOT committing treason.
Methinks @JohnCornyn is toying w us again. He knows we will not vote for him again. #OutIn20
And then is heard no more: it is a tale
Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,
Signifying nothing.
YOU ARE MEAN!
All constituents should be incensed. You spent yesterday evening in a billionaire's penthouse rather than mtg w/constituents!
That is very offensive! You ARE NOT representing your constituents. We are not your opposition. Party or Patriot!
Americans will never reconcile with fascists. Why does the GOP? #CornynFailedTexas
The "Incensed Army" are your voters, the residents and taxpayers of Texas. Wanting your representation or will vote you out.
your lack of decency and respect for constitutes is appalling.  I'm a Republican and I am not happy with the job ur doing.
@SenThomTillis Flynn got 40k from Russia. How much 45 give U 1-19-17 CNN on live air? Or did U have direct $ from Russia too?
Republican leader says Great NY Times is fake news. So you either believe the Great New York Times or you believe repub leader!!
We are your CONSTITUENTS, you work for US! We deserve a #Townhall #CornynMissing #Coward #DoYourJob #Election2020 We won't 4get.
newsflash, there are Republicans upset, too! Stop lying and saying we're paid or brought in! When is your #TownHall in Houston.
this "incensed liberal"  will be coming after you with her vote in 2020!  So just keep standing by your man...
Well John, that may be your constituents as well if you continue to refuse to listen to us. #TownHall
you refuse to meet with us, some of whom are liberal, thereby casting aside any notion of conciliation with the people #LastTerm
Maybe holding some town halls to listen to your constituents instead of ignoring us could change things. Your call.
There is no reason to work with this president, unless your name is Vladimir.
I wonder where they found that playbook?
The White House has done NOTHING to reach out to those that did not support him. The boy in the echo chamber needs to grow up!
You haven't already forgotten how Republicans in Congress acted during the Obama presidency, right???
.@NYT When are you going to cover the incensed army of liberals that seemingly constitutes  entire Twitter following of @johncornyn?
like the Republicans refused to work with the White House the last 8 years? Try working with us locally! #townhallmeeting
Shouldn't you at least pretend to represent all of your constituents?
Remember voters, we aren't Concerned Citizens, we are an Incensed Army now. Gotta make us the enemy.  #TownHall
.@JohnCornyn the "incensed army of liberals" are also your constituents. We won't forget your attacks on us! #Shame
Listen to constituents. Nonpartisan voices have gotten louder. You: fingers in ears. "Lalalala! Can't hear you! Lalalala!"
You're going to be on the wrong side of history. The GOP should have vetted Trump before even letting him run in the primaries.
not all of us are liberals, some are registered republicans.
Republican leader President Trump says the Great New York Times (ny values, re ted cruz?) is the enemy. You quoting the enemy
and who taught them obstructionism?
Sounds similar to 8 years ago when the Repubs were cowering in front of the teabaggers, huh John?
Do you really not care about the future at all? #Trumprussia Past time for Sessions recusal & indep. comm. w/ prosecutorial auth
did you hear about a patient being dragged out who had a brain tumor so they can be deported
@tedcruz @CR I understand we're departing bad people... what what is your response to this
We have Priebus calling FBI regarding Russia investigation and this is your tweet?  THIS IS OUR COUNTRY, SENATOR.  GET BUSY!
I did not agree w everything Reagan, Bush, Clinton, Bush, Obama. This is first time upset at so MANY things #45 and team doing.
....and prior to Trump, in my 40+ years, I have only sent one note to a senator and one tweet to Obama.
What do you think the Republicans did for 8 yrs, bowing to tea party demands?! What goes around comes around!
