

Too bad @GOP didn't draft one that will work.
Fairer
Want see more support for President 
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority to pass legislation, DEMs and RINOs control Senate.
More broken promises to the American people
Ok
Stick to working man all ya want to do..vote all out
NO TAX REFORM until @POTUS shows his TAX RETURNS#ConflictOfInterest #DysfunctionalGov Corrupt @GOP
No truer statement from the idiot
Just a reminder that If you unify, push POTUS agenda, you will own the houses for decades. Common sense has already spoken. Just do it!
And help only 1%. Like your friends Koch bros
Vote them out

What did u expect from this lieing bully
This is *not* tax reform, it's tax cut for the rich. It cuts $1.5 TRILLION from #Medicaid & $500 BILLION from #medicare. #NotOnePenny
Vote them out and impeach the nut
No it won't. GOP tried this before, sent America spiraling downward.
No it will help the 1% get more money back.
Just wanted to confirm your position after hearing what Bob Corker had to say about the Senate relationship with President Trump.
For gods sake do your job and pass some legislation, we are all embarrassed about the failure of the senate!
NOT a "fairer" tax code... it's just a tax break for the RICH. You should be ashamed.
I  feel that Republican   should stick together  or become  a dems !
So why even talk about it - you are not going to be able to do it -- why raise our hopes?  No GOP control in Senate - too many RINOs
Not fair to my family.  We both work full time and will PAY MORE Federal taxes under this plan.  Thanks a lot.
I believe you and fellow wealthy politicians are out to give you and your wealthy friends a break not the hard working middle class. Shame on you.
Vote them out

What it all about for the fat cat rep. Vote them out and impeach the nut!
If this were an honest plan, you’d follow regular order, work on a bipartisan basis, and wait for the CBO score.
No
Simpler isn't the issue, Senator. It's the fact that most of the benefit is for the top categories while harming those at the bottom.
Sad @GOP shares only a 1/2 Truth : "By 2027, taxes will rise for 25% taxpayers, ~30% w incomes $50K-$150K & 60% making $150K-$300K" #FlatTax
After the GOP Senators betrayal on Obamacare, I lost faith that tax reform will@pass. The likes of Rand and McCain may double cross again
Some truth here. But Surely the left hand understands the proposal in your right hand clearly aint what you describe here.
Assuming you can read and comprehend:
REAGONOMICS/TRUMPONOMICS TRICKLE DOWN DOES NOT WORK!  RICH GET RICHER AND MIDDLE CLASS GETS POORER! PROVEN FACT! 
My #TN Senator collects more salary from tax incentives from #AL to bring #AL jobs, than for the salary for being a Senator. #NeverSimple
Cornyn, you have to leave with your friend McConnell.
100 posts about tax cuts for 1%. Not a word about gun violence
GOP blocks Dem attempts to allow federal gun research
God, Cornyn, you could fertilize half the state's fields with all your bullshit.
.@SenateGOP @JohnCornyn Hey John & @GOP, MOST are showing how this #TaxReform's a shit deal. Why do 1% need even more over us? @USCBOcostest
You guys can't even repeal n replace?
Trickle Down lies.
Get going for goodness sake.  Hundreds of bills just sitting there.  Do your jobs faster.
Your tax reform is only a gift to the rich and will hurt everyone else.  Shame on you!
Lies, lies, and more lies
Dark money the hole republicans live in
Republicans rape the nation on tax reform  health care next our social security this is the storm Trump talks is talking about the tops need
Less money in govt pockets will mean MORE borrowing and a larger national debt.
You know better. You lie.
Get er Done!!
And increase our debt. Thought you were conservative? Thought you said we were going broke?  #Hypocrite
Hey John plan on being voted out next term
John!!!  You keep tweeting things we know will HURT us average people as if it is something good. Think on ur own. Thank PEOPLE b4 Party!
fairer is key. If you are mostly lowering taxes for top 1% THAT IS NOT FAIR
Get it passed!
Reps have promised this before (ala Reagan) didn’t work then won’t work now. Majority does not want it or you and will prove it in 2018!
It's more trickle down economics which has never, ever worked.
Deficit, deficit, deficit.....
How fair? At least 30% of middle class will see taxes go up while rich/corp get big cut. Spare me the lies,
How can u pretend that this plan is good 4 me, when it is being financed by giving billionaires a huge tax cut, & gutting medicaid/care?
I'm sick of politicians, I don't believe a word either party says..
Is there proof?  Ever worked here? Any country?
Reducing tax rate of the wealthy from 39.6% to 35% while increasing tax rate of the poor from 10% to 12% is not "fairer,tax code" but a lie!
Once you vote in favor of the GOP tax cuts I will be proud to vote you out of office next year. dust off your resume.
Trickle down economics is a sham. Let the people and corporations who make the most pay the most
A "simpler, fairer tax code" will strangle the poor u heartless wonders. Raising taxes 2% on the poorest American is cruel. Good2bwealthy?

You'll find a way to fuck that up just like healthcare. I'm done wasting my time and votes on you guys.
Fair Tax!!!!
What could be simpler and more fair than ....
We don’t believe you. What happens after the firs 24k with loss of house interest deduction and loss of state tax deduction
The greatest threat to the US is our debt. NO INCREASE in the debt. Not one penny

Ya  corporate America is short on cash to expand &raise wages; maybe thier SUBSIDIARIES the smaller Business.
Your clueless and have no idea of what will happen changing the tax code for middle America
Bull sh*t!
Unfortunately this regime makes all you old white guys untrustworthy. And now that you are gutting everything, prepare for #election2018
WOW WHAT PLANET DO U LIVE ON BUDDY
Tax law isn't supposed to be simple. Especially when there are so many  aspects that need addressing in the tax code.
The people paying the taxes should get the tax cuts
You continue to push these falsehoods. Tax breaks for the rich and cuts to social programs will not improve our lives



#lies
YOU LIE! Your #TaxReform benefits the wealthest ppl/GREEDY corporations. #NotOnePenny @tedcruz @Flores4Congress NO Repeal of Estate tax
Messaging: A+.                    Results: F
If only your plan would actually accomplish that.

We aren't buying your trickle down bullsh*t.
I've heard this song and dance before. Didn't work then, won't work now. Do y'all have NO new ideas worth a damn?
A simpler, fairer tax code that sees all citizens & corporations pay their fair share because Trickle Down Economics doesn’t work.
That’s the exact opposite of what your colleges in the house just voted for. Stop lying to us we know you’re just giving your donors cuts!
It's a no go like all the rest of your bills that rob the poor, sick, and elderly!
Yes I agree 
How about a bill to define what sex is based on from MEDICAL science.  You know X and Y chromosomes.  Not a joke.
A flat tax would be the fairest & simplest. Eliminate all tax loopholes for the wealthy. There're wealth people that don't pay as much taxes
Get rid of all the loop holes rich don't pay crap
MORE LIES !!!!!
Simple maybe, fair, no, simply a way to impoverish the many to enrich the few. These are tax cuts JUST like Kansas Debacle destructive.
Simpler for your party to give our taxes & breaks to your rich sponsors & make rest pay for you lie about anything to keep the power greed
The middle class creates jobs when there is cash for purchases. Demand drives Supply. Trickle down economics does NOT work.
Not true. Will benefit rich a lot. Middle class - not so much. Trickle down does NOT work.
Well, yes, but that isn't what the GOP tax plan does. Bless your heart.
Trickle down hasn't worked for 30+ yrs, but Rs think it'll work now?booms all from Dem policies. Just more R lies. #Shame #2020iscoming
Too bad a “simpler, fairer tax code” isn’t what you’re peddling.¯\_(ツ)_/¯
LIARS. You will take away deductions &  cut jobs & give filthy rich tax breaks & stick middle class
What's fair about a giant tax break to the nation's wealthiest people? They could be creating jobs NOW if they wanted to. What will change?
Trickle Down Nonsense......tired
#ZeroTax30K
And help the rich get richer
Lies
Trickle. Down. Does. Not. Work. Okay?
In other words, we will strip away healthcare and at the same time I will line my pockets with more of the middle class and poor’s money.
That's what you said last time.. 1986 and then..
 thishappened
Stop lying
I think you meant to post this on http://billionaires.com  because @GOP has NEVER cut taxes for the rest of us!

You couldn't have picked a more out of touch senator to quote. It's more than obvious that you dumb tools don't follow his twitter account.
The Senate Repub can pass gas together wh6 should anyone believe you are going to pass tax reform. Voters don’t believe. We need term limits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BR2APeC517U …
Trying to secure wealth in hands of those who already possess it! Come on be honest!
BS, buddy.  We are onto you guys.
Trickle Down economics has been proven NOT to work. Read the research @JohnCornyn.  It's just a gimmick to put more money in rich hands.
Hopefully it won't hurt people who are retired on Medicare
A simpler, FAIRER tax code would help all; not just the rich buddies of crooked politicians
Sure, if it was geared to middle class and not the wealthy who are doing fine. 79% of cuts go to 1%.
It would. Lining your own pockets at the expanse of the middle won't.
This is where the #GOP is so out of touch.
You folks are disgusting
As writen this is true. As spoken its another money grab for the under apriseated overly influential welthy & those believing they are 2 
All lies again
Cornhole your so full of lies and BS your breath smells like an outhouse. You don’t want to pay tax on all your bribes #Resist
What happened in Kansas when they cut taxes? I await ur thoughtful answer.
This is a tax cut for the wealthy. They can't even guarantee middle-class won't see taxes go up. Pure garbage.

the best tax reform is the Fair tax proposal that has been in the congress for several years. that gives people the benefit of keeping more.
Corporations are already making record profits.
Define fair! Cuts to Medicare and Medicaid so the Koch's and Mercer can rake in billions. Seems fair to no one.
We've already learned that "trickle down" only works on pee-pee tapes.
But you’ve only done half the job, since you’re program is not fair, let alone fairer.
fair does not mean tailored to individual states. why should americans pay the price of high taxed states.
More LIES and GARBAGE from @GOP!
It's a shame that you're proposing to raise my taxes to give money to your Masters
For the Rich while the Middle Class GOES BROKE!!
Still haven't seen any math or actual numbers that support what you're trying to sell.
Excuse me Senator who are you preaching too so far the Senate is batting a big fat zero get the job done then we”ll talk
Bernie sanders on the truth of #taxreform
U make trickle down sound so wonderful Supply side doesn't work. Nice try though
LIARS. The new tax code would save YOU money, while the poorest and most middle class families would pay more.
Prolife is pro healthcare and anti bump fire stocks. You need to pass a test to drive no less should be need to own a gun. #remembernewtown
I can't read your words because that bigly ugly brown suit is making my eyeballs bleed. Obama's looked much better but he's a human being.
A trillion dollar unfunded giveaway to millionaires. Let's see Trump's returns before you start handing out goodies to your donors
BULLSHIT!
It will steal from the poor and give to the rich. We got it.
Too bad the @GOP don't understand the word fairer.
DO NOT cut the AMT! The rich need to pay taxes like the rest of us do!

DO NOT cut the estate tax. Trump’s kids are rich enough already!
Fairer for who?  The rich to get richer or for all Americans?
The Greedy Old Party doesn’t care if the average Americans live or die. Their budget cuts Medicaid/Medicare to offset tax cuts for the rich.
When a RINO Senator talks about fairness,American working class people should know that they are about to get screwed.
Repubs couldn’t pass repeal/replace, so you’re doing you can to kill the ACA & pass a tax plan with a budget that cuts Medicaid/Medicare.
how does a simpler tax code equate to econ growth & jobs? I don't think it does. the plan I read shows reductions for the 1% not the 90%
Get it done!!
Fair, when you decreased military HC compensation in the Defense Authorization Bill and gave free healthcare to illegals in the budget?
It’s very simple, but UNFAIR: The GOP (Greedy Old Party) will make the wealthy richer at the expense of Medicaid & Medicare cuts.
Yes, simpler, fairer tax code will help our economy grow. But GOP plan won't. Especially with #ACA sabotage that raises premiums & no #CHIP
