Well you can't make it much worse without actively killing sick poor people.
None of the AHCA does that...you GOP haters only read and hear what you want...not whats true. The liberal left are a bunch of CRY BABIES!
You shld read the actual doc. The preexisting conditions are ridiculous.
There are changes coming in the Senate, nothing is written in stone...give it a break.
Yeah, but why vote on something whose effects you know nothing about? Would you buy a house without seeing it? Health is 10% of GDP.
Dems created the ACA behind closed doors,no one read it..not even Democrats. Remember"We had to pass it before knowing what's in it..Pelosi!
That is not true. I read it and remember not liking  all the details.
So you forget the Pelosi comment?  Most of the people who passed the bill didnt read it...incl. Obama. + the website fiasco..millions wasted
We voted for Trump to get things done. I fear that establishment politicians, Dems & GOP are screwing around with the US citizens. Stop it
Republicans voted for that healthcare mess today, not Dems.
You forget only Dems voted for Obama care...Pelosi " we have to pass it before you can know what's in it" not very transparent was it.
Let's hope. Don't let Texas down like @RepRWilliams did.
@RepBrianBabin let down his constituents today as well.
Sad and pathetic. @RepBrianBabin should worry about re-election just like @RepRWilliams
Babin ran against only a Green Party contender last race. He won't be so lucky next election.
we will be coming after @RepPeteOlson mark my words. #Vote2018
@MacTXPress is on the list as well. #VOTE2018
It's a growing list... we see you too @PeteSessions and @johnculberson - your vote just energized us to repeal you at reelection.
We see you too, @replouiegohmert @TXRandy14. You'll be out soon enough.
The laws MUST APPLY TO ALL AMERICANS, Elected and Served. Or it is not a law!
Why does this make me nervous? Bad as it is, I worry that the GOP will only make it meaner.
THANK YOU.
Not setting your sights too high there are you Corny? It's so bad to begin with won't be hard to make it better. How about make it right
Better be some big, big changes that actually help people instead of hurting them. Make it happen.
How about leaving the ACA in place.
Well we can't do that. It insures too many people. The rich need their tax breaks!
Question from a constituent: Will you be covered under your own bill, @JohnCornyn ?
Good question.  In the bill the house passed, they are exempt.
It would be nice to feel we could trust you to keep your word, but your voting record is party line. Discuss reality at a #TownHall?
Don't screw it up and don't let Sen Collins anywhere near this bill. She will turn it into ObamaCare light.
Why the dog and pony show?
Senate better Pass a bill that's good for America! Don't let us down! We need a good win! #dontmessitup
Let's hope not
I urge you and the Senate to develop a decent plan. This is no easy task & Americans know this. We would not rush without analysis.
Fact: Senate will do what McConnell says. The posturing is an act.  Good news: This POS bill has made single payer a true possibility.
We just want ACA supported not sabotaged.
I hope you make it better...like free markets and competition in the marketplace. That makes it better!  Way less government, don't ya think
Proud of House? Passing a disaster for millions of Americans? Cruelly treating women. Ur stated "51 senators" means u resist Dem input Shame
Sure you will just like you said you would investigate Trump/Russia. Just one more lie out of your mouth.
The house set the bar pretty low.. Currently, the bill is survival of the richest and fittest. Shameful
Better?  If you really mean it, keep the ACA!
We'll see. We've kinda been hearing that for a few years now, and it hasn't happened due to Rs life mission to punish people for being poor.
Don't we wish that you would have that smart when Obamacare came before the senate?
Release trumps taxes 
Release the documents on Flynn
See the committee is all men I am concerned what else you will be doing against women
That's Senate's job--to make laws better 64 people who voted 4 them, not for paid lobbyists.
How about worrying that the people you WORK for will agree with? You do remember who they are right?
Senator, I'm your constituent and I would like all of Congress to accept the same coverage as what you offer the American people
until you can make Obamacare "better" or intro Universal health care- first DO NO HARM.@txlege @TURNTXBLUE2018 @TXDemWomen @statesman
I hope Dems & GOP will work together on healthcare. All Americans need this to work.
They already did. D's want single payer medicare for all- the compromise with R's to add a free market component was called Obamacare
ACA is NOT working!
That's because GOP passed a bill to defund ACA. Insurance was only paid 12% of what they expected. Of course they raised premiums and quit
GOP did this deliberately to make themselves look good and Dems look bad. They are playing political games with our health and lives.
I shutter to think about what you might think is better!  Remember 2020 is a Presidential election year & u will own
You said you only want time to get 51 votes, not craft what's best for the citizens. Stop using our health and lives for your politics game
Just make #ACA better. Single payer would be good.
Name one thing you will do to make it better, and do it in a town hall in Texas.
So this thing the house passed, it is going to be thrown out like yesterday's paper. So why did @SpeakerRyan help pass it?
Please protect people with preexisting conditions from price gouging by the insurance lobby! Anything less is immoral.
Will u have the "better" bill reviewed by CBO or just let 'er rip like Rs in the House? Please consider the well being of your constituents
.. because you know it is a pile of crap,to give trump the illusion of success. You are participating in his theatre
@susanferrechio You all get what we get.... no exemptions. If you think it's good enough for us, you take it too.
How many people on here are in his district and voted for him? How many making threats of voting him out actually have the ability to do so?
I surely hope the Senate bill is better. Sad day in D.C. Today. Shameful.
We don't trust you John Cornyn!
How about you keep 24 million Americans insured?
Thank you, Senator. I'm taking what you've posted on your website regarding healthcare to heart.
Go Texas big. Make it single payer. And abolish pre-existing conditions.
I hope you take the cuts to Medicaid away and do away with the tax cuts. My wife and I are both recently disabled and need that for our care
John, my parents raised 10 kids w/o Obamacare, a few with special needs. We don't need Obamacare, U make us stay with it - I wont vote 4 U.
The Senate will make it less market orientated.  That is not BETTER.
Start w/ ACA, incr subsidies, lower age for Medicare, expand Medicaid. Or just try the Trump-approved Aussie method.
Is this the same senate that confirmed Devos, Carson, Pruitt, and the unindicted inside trader Price? Color me unimpressed.
This is on you.  Taking from the poor to give to the rich.  People will die and you don't give a shit. What lowlife does this??
As your constituents my husband and I sincerely hope you do not vote for the AHCA as it could have devastating effects for our family
Today was a day where I felt like I was hated for being a woman. Don't improve AHCA. It's roots are too evil. Look at ACA instead.
Wow the first thing you've ever said I support @JohnCornyn   Keep ACA.
@RepKayGranger  #lastterm #cancersucks
. You vote yes on this Bill , your days are numbered. You will be vote out office.
I trust you'll listen to concerns and suggestions expressed by @SamaritanMin
Better?

FOR WHO?
John if you have a say in it America will be screwed by your view of what a good plan does for the people - we won't trust you after today!
God I hope this is true

Senator, your lips are moving. That can only mean one thing...
Also, don't exempt yourselves from the consequences of your legislative decisions this time.
Why can't you build on/improve what is already established by #ACA instead of throwing a partisan tantrum?
Thank God, that thing is a train wreck!
By make it better do you mean burn it?
#NoRepealNoReplace
Hearing you say that tells me you're going to make it worse.
I'm glad to hear that. If you can improve on ACA, then great.
How about you just kill it and focus on making ACA better?
You intentionally killed the ACA. Now we're supposed to believe you'll "make it better"?  Zero credibility. Stop obstructing #trumprussia
Fix ACA or give us Medicare for All. Otherwise, prepare for the toughest reelection you've ever faced #TxResistance  #2020
YES 
Let's hear the specifics.
We are already out in force against @RepArrington with two very credible opponents. Do your job: kill the AHCA or we're coming for you next!
I will be working my ass off to get you voted out
Senator, if the Senate is going to make it better, then it must be a bad bill to begin with. What the House did today is simply inhumane.
Call this shit sandwich to a vote. Kill it and actually do your job.
You better remove the part about pre-existing conditions, the terrible betrayal of disabled children and include 24 million people.
Please make it better. Not trump better, but American better.
Remember, you represent those who voted you into office.  That's me!  The House and Senate need to have the same health care plan as us!
Keep the Planned Parenthood clause in.
Sounds great. When we can we talk about it?  When you tell us your ideas?  You have your own ideas right?  Not just the GOP memo of the day.
It's clear the only ones you care about is those who donate big money to your reelection #BoughtOff
1) I voted for you. I'm now asking you to remove the list of pre-existing conditions!! 2) Will all of you accept the same coverage we get?
And the cowardly Republican cave begins. Witness the collapse of #AHCA & #RepealAndReplace of #Obamacare in the Senate. 
I don't believe you.
...and then the Tea Party muppets in the house will vote it down.
We are frightened. Truly afraid. It isn't time for snarky remarks.
You'll write something just as shitty and you know it. Stop blowing smoke up our collective ass.
All you can do to it is KILL IT!!
We don't believe you. You're a liar and a partisan hack. #WeDeserveBetter
Yes you would - you want women/poor people/rape victims/sick children to die as much as Trump & Ryan do. But hey, you get to keep Obamacare
Wow!!! Something that makes sense...
You owe it to your constituents to do exactly that. We are watching.
Remember there names vote them out. Just horrible humans all because they hated Obama so sad
Then as your constituent I urge you to remove the list of unacceptable & INHUMANE pre-existing conditions!!
This (!!!)
https://twitter.com/i/moments/860221491803287554 …

+=

#MayThe4thBeWithYou
#AHCA
#RepealAndReplace
#Resist
#TheResistence
Take Action

https://twitter.com/i/moments/860221491803287554 … 
Wow what stab in the back to house GOP! Letting democratlite murkowski write it? Betrayal
Embarrassed to say you are a Senator from my beloved Texas.  Come out of Your Ivory tower and WIN FOR THE PEOPLE with Trump.
We shall see if you're a person of your word or a turncoat @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC @AltStateDpt @IndivisibleTeam
Forgive us if we're skeptical
Yes please layer on the Texas hate agenda. Hopefully can exclude more people!
If Susan Collins has her hands on it, it won't be any better.
 At least strike while the iron's hot, get a vote in <30 days.

#BuildTheWall
Good bc it's garbage. But it would be nice to have assurances you won't adopt their asinine high risk pool plan
The next question is, will we get hosed if something fair passes the Senate and then you adopt all the ugliest warts in reconciliation?
Thank you!
