TX has innovated its way to approx 140k Texans on waitlist for Medicaid waivers to avoid institutionalization.
Is currently denying children with autism the only evidence based treatment:
All while putting an 8.5% cap on special education participation for over a decade.
Dont think Texans can survive more  "state innovation". No one will get care & state wont survive future  of $$ for untreated conditions.
But you cant possibly understand or care. It's not your problem right? You dont have kid w/disabil & probs are for future politicians.
Right, and when you get sick or injured in another state, too bad for you!
and Kasich spoke truth to power today.  Pls give us feedback on his statement where he called BS on plan!  Voter from 76008
Can you picture what would happen w/the TX lege in charge of healthcare? They obsessed over bathrooms all session & barely got work done.
Yea if only the ACA had been modeled after a successful Republican state instituted plan. I'm sure you guys would have been all over it.
You want to pass the buck off to states but how do they pay for it? At least decriminalize weed so they can #legalizeit-tax would pay 4 HC
Way to absolve yourselves at senate of responsibility. If you can't run federal gov't, get out of the way.
What if the governors are so ..... dumb they can't change their own shitbags?
he clearly has never met the Texas state government! They can't fund schools or anything else! They are WORTHLESS & do not care!
We are just afraid that by "innovating" you mean "letting the poor.and unlucky die sad preventable deaths."
Heaven forbid they do it at the local level since it may impinge upon a republican's ability to gouge the public.
Texas GOP governors have enjoyed decades of full control to 'innovate,' while our maternal mortality looms larger than any other state.
Huh?
Well if state governors are the answer, Tx is still screwed since we have the utterly moronic Greg Abbott
please. you think Gov Abbott will fix? NOT. he would not expand Medicaid to help his own citizens.
How gullible do you think we are? At best, 36% of Americans believe you.
No doubt he's a republican...
exactly...decentralize and deregulate
So we should listen to him. Why
Introduce more inequality across the country. States do not have the capacity! FIX IT!
Yeah! Dump it on someone else!
What's stopping them now?
We honestly just want it repealed, like we've been promised for years.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP
You need to address what's going on w President. Condemn all the Russia meetings. Tell him to get rich meeting Italians instead of Russians
Capping Medicaid doesn't make governors innovate
whateva
Will you be listening to the disabled children begging to keep their healthcare?
Because Congress won't get its act together?

Yes, ND with a population of 750,000,  should be leading the way.
Perhaps you shld check with your Dr. to see if (s)he can prescribe you some rare, unaffordable by 99% of pop. med to help you stop LYING.
Is this how you show leadership, just pass these problems down to the states? The people of Texas deserve better than you are giving them.
You can't really be this clueless. Bless your heart.
Be creative! Act like the 3 million Texans John is taking healthcare away from just don't exist. You know that's the # right John? 3 million
Your/My state will not have funding available & already max on property & educ taxes. Passing the buck, is not leadership.
Then what the hell are we paying you for, John? Playing on Twitter all day?
You had 7 yrs to come up w/ a plan. FAIL. You denied Medicaid Expansion, which jacked up prices & forced insurance co out of Market. FAIL.
Funny, Rep. GOT Kasich isn't saying that...
You are a liar, "john."
Yes give states the rite to phuck over people without Government intervention. Which is what most #GOP controlled states are doing. @mjk815
So you're endorsing someone who's telling you you don't have to do your job. Nice.
yes but when you have people like TX @GregAbbott_TX @DanPatrick who fight against people's healthcare then this won't get solved.
Add Mo. GOP governor and Mo. GOP Legislators to your list! They just defunded in home care for the elderly and disabled.
But, governors are not kings. They must listen to their constituents.
“[T]he way this problem [of poor people] ... get[s] solved is the governors killing people by stripping them insurance,” implied your party.
Meanwhile our Gov here in Tx couldn't give a buffalo chip ... He will deny Tx and you know it. #CanCornyn2020 #StopTheDivision
Yeah, you Repubs are doing such a good job now. #Sarcasm
The way this problem gets solved is a bipartisan fix of ACA.
Do you remember taking this oath of office...
It this your way of saying that it's not your problem?

Huh. And yet they could have done this with the ACA and...declined. Funny how that works.
@JohnKasich & @GovSandoval (both Rs) would start with preservation of ACA and Medicaid as a foundation.
You promised repeal not promote
You clearly have no clue how to legislate or what's in the bill. #FakeSenator
And you'll be sure to  remove the congress exemption right. So your old a** pre-existing conditions count against you as all Americans
Fine repeal Ocare and let states solve it with less of our tax dollars siphoned off by lobbyists 
John, u can't stop going full hypocrite. Have u thought of changing your name to Captain Hypocrite?
No, caps on Medicaid would devastate either state budgets or its people #NoCutsToMedicaid  #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
Irony here is that you're touting federalism or decentralization while Texas wants to take away rights from municipals+cities like Houston.
Except when you have a good for nothing who doesn't care one bit about the PEOPLE of the state. Just a few special interests and bathrooms.
Why does there need to be 50 different experiments?
Shouldn't matter where you live to get quality health care
So you're saying wishful thinking will solve our healthcare problems in this country? Got it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
