Did you forget about not allowing 44's nominee to even have a hearing, resulting in our nation being minus a justice for over a year?
Not a filibuster.
so the Dems should just roll over?
I didn't say that. What the R's did was not a filibuster, they simply didn't bring it to the floor
which in many ways is worse than a filibuster
If you want to argue "tyranny of the majority", that's fair, but that's what the majority does. Both sides.
for sure. but I do find it hard to believe the Dems would have held up a justice nomination for over a year. now precedence is set.
Joe Biden suggested exactly that in 1992, hence the Biden Rule. Schumer used similar language in 2007.
looks like it's time to make some history then #resist
we fought Trumpcare & will fight Gorsuch! We also want @SpeakerRyan gone as well as u and @tedcruz ! Petitions r being signed !
never in history have we had such corruption in the whitehouse and Congress!!
we also never did what we did with #MerrickGarland. We've also never had a traitor POTUS. PS. How 'bout that AHCA?
Traitor.
There's a first time for everything! Especially if you don't want a primary challenger.
but we're in the last year of Trump's presidency, so we should dismiss his nominee.
awesome tweet
Time to make some damn history.
have to start sometime! Good for them!
never in us history was a Supreme Court nominee not even given the courtesy of a hearing!!
@tedcruz It has been the year of surprises. #BlockGorsuch  #MerickGarland  #BlockTheTexasTalibanTwo
Never in U.S. history had the Senate refused to hold hearings of a Supreme Court nominee
Never before in history have we had a party refuse to hold hearings on a qualified Supreme Court nominee. 1/2
Republicans behaved shamefully, cowardly, immaturely  & irresponsibly. You and Cruz are an embarrassment to TX. #MerrickGarland
stolen seat 
Oh, I don't think they're planning on success.  I think they just want to inflict pain.  
Never have we had a party cover up a sitting president treason either
also the #republicans started it with #Garland, y'all get all #salty when the #dems use ur own tricks against u #resist
Texas never had a moron for senator and lucky us, now we have two. Never say never.
Do you support a rule change?
... Or a flat refusal by members of the Senate to fulfill their obligation to vote on a valid nominee. Get used to it. #garland
AHCA bill has been pulled. Put  COUNTRY OVER PARTY NOW with independent non-partisan investigation of #trumprussia.  USA Fwd.
My senator is a Russia loving, privacy hating, hypocrite. That's disheartening.
well it is just about time to stop this would be destroyer of real original intent of our country's founders.
your kidding right?  You would not even hear theirs. Nothing passes until we find out obout #DonTheCon. His cronies may n jail
@MotherJones @Salon #TheHill @nytimes @washingtonpost INDICT Ryan Sessions McConnell Nunes for OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
#RESIST
.@JohnCornyn Never in history have we had a Senate fail to hold hearing on nominee...followed by President under investigation for treason
We've also never had a SCOTUS confirmed w\o 60+ votes (58 + cloture on Alito). Please reach across the aisle & find a solution.
Probably because crappy ones never made it out hearings. There is a first time for everything.
love it!  Great tweet!
you're living in a cartoon world. We need serious people to solve serious problems. You aren't it.
and Obama did he's the cause of all the crap going on today!!!!
Excuse me dear, your racism is showing.
You stonewalled a twice elected prez AND his pic for SCOTUS.  Its time for the scales of Democracy to be balanced.
The rate you guys are going, we feel optimistic about making history #SaveACA #ImpeachTrump #CongressDoYourJob
Never until the GOP sabotage of the Constitution in '16 have we had a nominee blocked for no reason for over a year. #partisan
.@JohnCornyn Stay tuned, sir. Oh, never before did the Senate fail to act for a full year on a nominee, until you did in 2016.#fauxinnocence
I hope Gorsuch nomination doesn't break the mold.
Never in history has one party prevented even having hearings on a SC nominee by a president who had a year left. Judge Garland, anyone?
Cool. Let's start now. Unless, of course, we get Garland.
Never before had we seen a political party refuse to meet with a Supreme Court nominee for over 200 days until last year.
we've also never in history had a president with an enormous cloud of suspicion of colluding with Russia. Let's resolve that 1st
there's been a lot of firsts this past year. Here's to another that will actually be good news! #MerrickGarland #cowardlycornyn
Liar.
Have a town hall and we'll talk about it. Seems like you don't know or don't care what your constituents want.  Let's fix that.
We've never blocked a presidential Supreme court nominee for a year either.
time to change history. Especially since this is the first time we've had a sitting president under investigation for treason.
isn't refusing to even hold hearings or vote by the majority the equivalent of a filibuster? Or worse?
Never in U.S. History has it beenSoClearhow cluelessOurReps are! #StandUpForYourConstits #GrowSomeBalls #DoYourJob #YourLastTerm
A Senate sit-out refusing to consider #MerrickGarland was nothing more than kindergarten disrespect. #resist
I feel like I need to delouse for agreeing with you, but I agree with you that this is a bad move by the Dems.
note the addition of an actual link...
you never even had to filibuster Merrick Garland
I'm torn John.  Gorsuch has no egregious faults, but he is nominee of a Pres who I think was illegimately elected.  Dilemma
well, never in history has the Senate not even given a hearing to a nominee so there you go.
never has there been a treasonous president who is a puppet of a foreign power before either
What about the integrity of the Pres.? His agenda and nominees should be on hold until an independent commission is complete.
there's always a first. And oh what did you to Merrick?  I see similarities
then why isn't Merrick Garland on the Supreme Court?
Garland.
short memory? Man who refused to give justice Garner eminently qualified or even a hearing whines about Democrats
REPUBLICANS DIDN'T EVEN GIVE OBAMA'S NOMINEE A CHANCE. NOT ONE!
the irony is great with this one.
How many nominees have been submitted by a POTUS under #fbi investigation for #Trumprussia? Please wait until invest complete.
Many, many things are going on that never did. Let's talk about it at your next town hall, OK?
GOP should have given Merrick Garland a hearing.
Trump and his cronies are under investigation for possible TREASON! Please stand with your country, not criminals.
This, coming from "the party of NO" last term.  You made the bed, you sleep in it.
.@JohnCornyn Never in history has the opposition party (GOP last year) refused to meet with or hold a vote on a Supreme Court nominee either
Never in U.S. history has the Senate refused to even talk to a Supreme Court nominee for partisan reasons. Merrick Garland.
Never in the U.S. History have we had a president being investigated for working with a foreign gov't. Not business as usual.
We've never had a Pres under investigation for collusion with a hostile foreign power, so there's a first time for everything.
we've also never had a president put in place by Russia, so there's a first for everything.
Enjoy the majority until mid terms.  Vote out!
Never in US history has a vulgar reality tv star been elected to the presidency while spewing racism and misogyny while the GOP watched.
: If the GOP would have allowed a vote on Garland you might not be in predicament.
Trump is under FBI investigation so he has no right to nominate anyone. He's an illegitimate POTUS. #impeachtrump
Well, there's a first time for everything! Hope and a prayer time.
I read the @WSJ couple of days ago questioning the credibility of @POTUS your husband.
first time for everything
, there's always a first time.
Well there's a first time for everything. Stay hopeful, my friend!
The refusal of the GOP to take up Obama's nominee was essentially a partisan filibuster. Turnabout's fair play.
there's a first for everything.
There's ALWAYS a FIRST TIME!  We never have had a "president" who wants our great Democracy to an Autocracy w the GOP support!
Never before has the Senate refused to do its job and vote on the President's SC pick as was done with Obama and Garland.
Never in US history have we had a president so unqualified and corrupt that he is under investigation for treason. #impeach
GOP thieves like you stole Obamas SCOTUS pick. Even if Dems are unsuccessful they should filibuster.
GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND!
Never in US history have we had an administration so corrupt and determined to destroy our democracy and civil liberties.
dude, let this go.  Do your damn job!  What is it going to take for you to deal with the mess.  The SC nominee should be tabled
Same can be said of not even allowing a hearing on Merrick Garland last year. #Disingenuous #Badlook
let us hope that now we can!  Pick someone that is liked by both sides.  Merrick Garland for instance
Never in history have we had a SC justice nominated by a president under FBI investigation!
First time for everything! Hopefully NOW! He is an illegitimate nominee from an illegitimate president! RussiaGate!
Don't vote on SCOTUS until Russian connection is investigated and cleaned up.
such a hypocrite. You put party before you Constitutional  responsibility.
The filibuster serves no purpose and needs to be eliminated! Americans see it as a BIG WASTE OF TIME!
If a Dem president's campaign was under investigation for collusion with a foreign government, would you have held hearings?
Never in the history of the US have we had a POTUS & administration potentially commit Treason
party over country. You should take the high road, do you country a favor and resign. You have proven an inability to govern .
Resign.
Never in history have Republicans defied their Constitutional duty and stolen a SCOTUS seat.  Shame on you.  #GarlandNotGorsuch
Never in history has a president been denied the right to appoint a SCOTUS nominee. Remember #MerrickGarland #resist #asshat
Never have we had a President who wouldn't be in office of not for Russian interference.
never has a supreme Court seat been stolen. Disgusting really. Y'all are a bunch of thieves, liars, & traitors. Confirm Merrick.
it's not about winning. Dems need to on principle
what I find shocking is that you can be so naive as to believe you have any credibility after denying Garland a hearing.
never has a party refused to have a hearing on a nominee
yeah. Guess they just should have made you all wait to have the hearings until after the next election.
There are a lot of 'firsts' happening this year!
I hope you have noticed this flood of constituents rising up against you. We are coming for you as soon as we get the chance.
@SenSchumer TX constituents want the dems to block the SC nominee. We wish we had fair representation. Hold firm!
Right... Republicans simply refuse to hold hearings. Ass holes.
Never in US history have we had am utterly unqualified @POTUS yet here we stand. #resist
Never in my voting history have I been as embarrassed by my senators as I am now. #countrybeforeparty #MerrickGarland
Dems didn't want Bush to select a nominee, wanted Obama to do it! So Trump should be allowed the same? Hypocrisy so obvious!
Remember Garland...reflect back on that each time before you post something about the SC and the current nominee.
- buys time if nothing else. If Rs put country over party & "paused" "just until we know what's going on" = helps. #TrumpRussia
Short-term memory, much? You act surprised that your partisan actions being met with same. Cynic. #MerrickGarland
you need to vote for him as a Tx representative!!!
it's like you're purposefully trolling
doesn't mean it's not worth it or that it couldn't work.  2020...the heat is on
Never in U.S. history have we had a president under FBI inve.stigation allowed to make a SCOTUS appointment. #Feckless #Resist
Awful lot of sentences being prefaced this way these days.
how many sitting Presidents have been under FBI investigation? I know you want to ignore the #Trumprussia problem. 1/
but all it does is prove you're a partisan hack. Shame on you, John. #MerrickGarland
Oh he proved that long ago. Can't be bothered to work for his constituents, they must turn back clock on scary
black President's accomplishments. How dare he live in their White House and govern for 8 years.
The United States is known for historic firsts in the defense of liberty.
.@JohnCornyn Never in U.S. history have we had a GOP that was so hell-bent on obstructing gov't than for the past 8 years. #Feckless #Resist
Merrick Garland??
Never in U.S. history have we blocked a Supreme Court nominee because it was 'too late' in the President's term.
You can understand why this is an issue, I'm sure.
Never in US history has a President under federal investigation nominated a lifetime appointment for SCOTUS. #partyovercountry 
You tee up these tweets that have SO MANY possible sarcastic responses. Are you trying to do that?
either @JohnCornyn or his SM director has a sick sense of humor.
This sounds so incredibly disingenuous. Merrick Garland, Senator. Merrick Garland.
never in US history have we had a Senate that refused to even hold hearings on a #scotus ... http://tmi.me/1fi5Wb 
45 is under investigation. Should NOT be able to even think about appointing a SCOTUS
.@JohnCornyn You only ever quote opinion pieces from WSJ or articles from "Washington Examiner" WONDER WHY?
Never have we had a deranged child for President and an entire GOP of his playmates who don't care.
sounds like a challenge! Always a first time
Come on Senator, you don't see the writing on the wall?? Emperor has no clothes, therefore no place to appoint n confirm SCOTUS
Election year. Ask Biden, Reid, and Schumer about that.
There is always a first time.
There is hope, and the can-do American spirit.
isn't your disgraced precedent no hearings in the last year of a presidency? So you are violating your own precedent with Trump!
Never have we had a major party work so hard against the interests of the country.
To be clear, that's you and your party of greed.
But people like me want them to try.
yeah, the GOP just outright blocked MG for most of a year. You’re all terrible
.@JohnCornyn Merrick Garland
How many times has the scumbag who nominated the justice been under criminal investigation?
shame
