Let me get this straight. Your life was saved by a gay woman and you're going to speak at an anti-LGTBQ Event?? Aren't you just so grateful!
Exactly. The hypocrisy is just astounding. "Save my life but then go away because you aren't straight and white". Horrible.
The officers who helped save Rep. Scalise were doing their job and deserve commendation but must someone alter their beliefs in exchange?
When someone saves your life and gives you back to your family, they most certainly deserve your respect for them no matter who they love!
Respect, and expecting someone to change their beliefs and principles, are two very different things.
His beliefs and principles in this case are shit, and SHOULD be changed.
How would you react if someone said you SHOULD change YOUR beliefs and principles instead? I imagine there would be high 'moral outrage'.
Thank God for the married lesbian who saved your life, huh?
Really? Have you no class? Not.
Scalise deserved to not be shot by a deranged psycho. CPD Officer Crystal Griner was heroic,deserves more than Scalise's classless hypocrisy
Scalise praised her on the house floor when he returned.
Wish you treated everyone,especially people that saved your life with respect
Stock market is hitting record highs please stop
what percent of americans own stocks kiddo
Uh most fiscally responsible adults... are you not saving for retirement at all? Jeez, no wonder u guys want the govnt to pay for everything
yes I would like some of my taxes to pay for retirement not just eric prince's hard ons
kinda hard when the ppl who have most of it already steal what I earn too u human paraquat
lol that is so pathetic in so many ways 
You let me down Steve. A lesbian saves your life and gets shot doing it and you come out against  LGBT community. Have you no shame?
Stop the angst and disrespect...
Respect is earned. I will not respect someone who disparages the sexual identity and marriage of the person who saved his life.
Why not? liberals do it to soldiers every day.

@stevescalise spent nearly 6 weeks in the hospital, 20 days in in the ICU. He lost 50 lbs. And, at 51, had to learn to walk again #60Minutes

Get better!  You're such a hero!
Great job. Great message. Good luck on your recovery.
God Bless you, Sir. God Bless you! 
So happy for you..Have a Wonderful Birthday..It does our hearts good to see you so much better..God Bless You.
Finally, some good news! Kudos to Congressman Scalise, glad you're recovering.
awsome sir keep up the hard work of recovery n come back smarter n stronger.... god bless america and all involved...
both him and her should be there
Great throw!  Happy Birthday!!!
You represent well Steve your God is pleased with you.
Not a Rep. or a fan of his but I sure do wish him well with his recovery.
Blessings to you and your family.
Fantastic recovery for a great American
Most excellent to see you there out the pitch, sir  Bless you & welcome back 
Perfect strike. Beautiful to watch!

Congratulations! So happy you are alive. You made it. 
So happy you are feeling better, God bless you and keep you safe.
Go back and thank the LESBIAN POLICE OFFICER WHO SAVED YOUR LIFE. YOUR ATTITUDE HASN'T CHANGED A BIT. STUPID SENATOR YOU ARE. AVOID GUN CTRL
a shame he lived
Nice!

Was the fact she is Gay the reason she saved him? Or was it because she just wanted to help? Don't have to agree with all her choices.
Good arm Congressman!
You are now officially one of my heroes.
Great pitch!  God bless you!!
My uncles died in Vietnam http://bitch.you  sorry ass.
You do know some baseball players are gay, right?
Stop with your identity politics. This is baseball - we don’t need that shit in baseball.
Arm strength is good!
#MAGA #Patriot
Good for you! So glad that you could enjoy it!
Good for you, Rep. Scalise!  Great to see you doing well.
Why do LGBT thjnk they ars entile to extra rights?  They are Americans & afforded the same rights of all Americans. 
#GodBlessAllAmericans
You got another chance @stevescalise, the least you could do is pass gun reform. Do the right thing
As you know, through no fault of yours, you needed healthcare and sick leave to recover. Millions of hard working Americans aren’t so lucky.
He needed this recovery because of a liberal.
And they wouldn’t have asked you if you hadn’t been shot. Lucky you.
Great to see! Godspeed on your recovery
Good for you Steve.very good pitch BTW.
Nice job @SteveScalise ! 
You're amazing!!!!!
Not bad 
Great Rep. Scalise!  You are an inspiration to us all!
That’s the best!
Awesome Pitch!
Congratulations. Will you speak up for pain patients having their medication arbitrarily taken away by the "opioid epidemic" nonsense?
Very happy you're healing!!
When will you give your speech speaking out against LGBT? Like the Policewoman who saved your life? So confused
@DawnSCrawford @Nationals @Cubs Way To Go!! & it was a strike!!! You are such an inspiration!! God Bless You & Your family!!
This guy is no hero. He got shot, was saved by a lesbian and continues to speak out that her life isn’t worthy because she’s gay. I doubt the thought crossed her mind to leave him there...
Do your business associates know you are hateful?
Did you throw it at the lesbian police officer that saved your life? Asking for a friend.
Liberals found a police officer they like.
God love and protect you.
God bless, Rep. Scalise! I am so glad you are back. You had a LOT of people praying for your recovery. 
That you show up for? As a LUCKY victim of gun violence you should’ve been locking arms with Gabby Gifford standing up for sensible gun laws
@steveScalise recovering from a gun shot, in a walker, throws pitch right down the pipe, compared to #Obama s bleacher toss
#Obama 1st pitch compared to a 15 year old girl pulled out of the stands,#NoPracticeEither #JordanHynum #Brewers
You've got a serious, ah, right arm, Congressman.
You are great/lucky.  Today is Putin's birthday.
I do wish I didn't have to share a birthday with such a miserable excuse for a human being.
Way better than Obama's pitch, great job. Heal fast.
God bless you!!
God bless you Sir...!!!!
Glad your alive now get your shit together Steve. Your anti people and pro guns 
Happy Birthday Sir!
Happy Birthday. So happy it was memorable in a good way.  You deserved it. 

@SteveScalise This moment literallly gave me chills! We love you and our country needs you. God kept you here for a reason! xoxo
Happy Birthday & STILL praying for you & your family... EVERY SINGLE NIGHT b4 i sleep ...
Still 10x better than Obama!
Incredible! Prayers for continued healing and full restoration, sir. You’re a great American. 

From those who never stop to ask anyone's beliefs, religion, race, age, sexual preference, political affiliation when duty calls.
Way to go Steve 
Stand tall and proud ... I admire that
I'm sorry you got shot, but I'm more sorry that you are in Congress. You are a hateful individual . . .
Helluva throw, Steve!
I was gonna compare it to Obama's , but I won't.
@Barrie_Bender @Nationals @Cubs nice pitch
Congrats!!
Happy Birthday sir. Happy to see you're recovering well.
Bravo, sir!
All the best for a full recovery. You took a bullet for all of us. For who we are.
Good to see to you on the mend!
Hell of a pitch last night. It was an honor to watch you throw it
Better throw than bababooey
And it was a beaut! Get well!
You have a beautiful and strong spirit.  Make the most of this gift, Steve! Happy Birthday!
He is an ass
#
It’s a pitch for rescinding birth control and support #pussygrabbing. Wow you’re a real man
The man who shot Scalise was mad like you.
You are an amazing inspiration to us all. Keep healing. Keep working. Keep speaking the truth. We all need to know and see Justice, cap J!
And you're speaking at an anti-LGBTQ forum after life being saved by gay woman!!
Good arm!
Beautiful!
Known loser. Gun control needed now.
You are still a bigot.
Your one tough Italian!God Bless You Steve
Great arm!
Soooooooooooo happy to see this. Happy Birthday and welcome back.
If we had better gun laws you could have walked out to throw that pitch. God bless you!
We need gun control.
A man saved by a black gay woman now is once again speaking against gay rights and  has clearly learned nothing
I can’t believe youof all people, don’t support common sense gun control. Are you afraid of losing support or have zero empathy for others?
Happy birthday!
God Bless You! This image gives me chills. So glad you are still on the green side of the grass!
I want to be happy for you but then I remember you're about to speak at some anti-gay function and I find that sad. Why begrudge them? Love.
How about throwing a pitch for the #LGBTQ Community. It's way more important than throwing a pitch at a game of baseball on your birthday.
selfish much? Come on.
God Bless You Sir And Family Always In My Prayers.
Please thank the wonderful lesbian who saved your life when you speak to the homophobic degenerates. You got a 2nd chance

Don’t be a douche
Sure he will she did her job well no need for her sexual orientation is she did her job well and all be proud of her
Unless his sole purpose of speaking at this place is to denounce their bigotry, he is a disgusting human being
Happy Birthday! We are thrilled to have you back in the game
What she saved him becuase shes gay?...NOT...becuase she's human and saved a human.  You can disagree with someone and still be kind.
Awesome.
You are so blessed
Threw 1st pitch, but STILL speaks 4 GUN RIGHTS!  Guns in WRONG HANDS KILL INNOCENT PPL! Damn, did YOU not learn something?!  #Pitiful
Yet you can’t even duck
I'm really happy for this guy. No one should suffer what he did. But Spicer--you have no business with any of this. What a skunk you are.
Fired it, too! Well done, Sir, and congrats!
What an arm! Night to remember
You should be thankful that YOUR SHOOTER did not have a bump stock--but I guess you don't care about others!
Congratulations to you. We're all happy that you've got your health back. Now would you please approve gun control. Thanks.
In the eyes of Crystal Griner, all are equal.

In your eyes, Crystal Griner, who saved your life, is a lesser person.

Shame on you.
Nice Throw! Had to be a strike. You were great on 60 minutes, so glad you are fighting for a full recovery. Best wishes.
Glad your back in the swamp. Heal well.
Great pitch Sir
@RitaPanahi @Nationals @Cubs It's good to see you on your feet!
That's awesome!!!
Happy birthday! God bless you!
PERFECT STRIKE!
GodBlessTHEUSA
Man, great pitch! Great show of perseverance! Continued recovery! Glad to see you on your feet!
Outstanding pitch

Happy Birthday!  So happy for your amazing recovery.
Pretty cool even for a hypocrite
Damn that lesbian for saving my life #amirite or #amirite??
Damn that bitter liberal who went on the shooting rampage. #hypocrites
Congrats Steve. You are amazing!
You know what I  about  you....you were shot by a crazed Demwit  & you still support our gun rights!  A man that gets the real issues
Happy  Birthday  so glad you have recovered
Glad you were able to throw the first pitch!  God Bless
Luv it. Rebound from a democrat shooter
Imagine the memories of those who were not blessed to leave the concert in #lasvegas
Wish you’d pitch a strike vs. @nra & ban assault rifles. Columbine,Sandy Hook,Las Vegas & 30k ppl killed a yr. by guns, deserve better.
And threw a #PerfectStrike for  down the #MiddleOfThePlate w/o benefits of utilizing leg power. #Awesome! #MLB #AmericaFirst #FlyTheW #GOP
That was an impressive pitch.
I'll go with #normal. You haters STAND DOWN! He's a great Godly American. #Liberal #Simpleton alert!
Don't be a "politically motivated ingrate" (as Trump puts it). She saved your life. You want to make hers worse. Shame
Happy birthday, fellow Libra!  (Mine was on the 5th.) Your recovery is a gift to all of us. God bless!
Good throw man
Today, October 6th is my birthday.
Love you Mr. Scalise, even though my husband and I moved out of Louisiana, we love and respect "you" sir! Praying for a complete recovery!
Happiest of Birthdays! Loved seeing you on the field at Tiger Stadium last weekend!
Love seeing this video! That evil man almost took this day from you but thank the Lord we get to say Happy Birthday & God Bless!
Great pitch.   So proud of you.  Good job, patriot.
Awesome!!!
.@SteveScalise 
Rep. Scalise was awesome!

Wow! With that pitch the whole country will be routing for the @Nationals!
Good to see you back on your feet.
still praying for you what Strength you have God is watching over you .
Good throw!
Nice throw!
She was another human and did what she thought to be right. Many people disagree with that lifestyle, but would do the same for her. #MAGA.
You're awesome
Why don't you stand up for #Healthcare #Healthcare since you can stand because of it, oh and the #LGBTQ #LGBTQ officer while you're at it
Heck of a throw there congressman!! Your spirit inspires me tremendously. Many thanks
Still hate gay people? One saved your life.
CONGRATS!!!!!!
