Hopefully your time away has given you the opportunity to reflect & to come back with a conscience.
Don’t hold your breath. This guy is such a hateful person. A lesbian cop saved him and he continues to advocate against #LGTB population.
You hateful
*You’re. I’m not the one voting against other people’s civil rights.
Go find your safe place honey we won you lost you and Hillary g o find your sale place and hug each other Obama will join in lol
Donald Trump is going to die in prison. Who’s the real winner?
Merry Christmas! 
Have a great merry ho ho home big guy you and your love ones
to get on the road again The life I love is makin' music with my friends And I can't wait to get on the road again On the road again Like a band of gypsies we go down the highway We're the best of friends Insisting that the world keep turning our way And our way Is on the road
And we are glad!  Continue getting better, Please repeal ACA
Praise the Lord that you are i'm happy and i'm refollowing because Jack suspends for tweets even ones about Jesus
again Just can't wait to get on the road again The life I love is makin' music with my friends And I can't wait to get on the road again And I can't wait to get on the road again
https://twitter.com/mattyglesias/status/934752385926393859 …

Is this image too harsh...or not harsh enough??

If you think it fairly reflects today’s GOP, which is filled with defenders of pedophiles, please retweet.

…
This rep needs to go, he is horribly ignorant.
https://twitter.com/LedJEFFlin/status/937808922815160320 …



never been Seein' things that I may never see againAnd I can't wait to get on the road again On the road again - Like a band of gypsies we go down the highway We're the best of friends Insisting that the world keep turning our way And our way Is on the road again Just can't wait
FOR STEVE & ALL THE RECOVERING FALLEN & MISREP...On The Road Again Lyrics             On the road again - Just can't wait to get on the road again The life I love is making music with my friends And I can't wait to get on the road again On the road again Goin' places that I've
WELCOME BACK!!!!!  TRUMP NEEDS HELP IN CONGRESS BUD! IT'S GOOD TO SEE YOU BACK!!!

SO AM I....& FIRING ON BOTH CYLINDERS! ;-) HOPE U FEEL BETTER.
Show your thanks by not robbing poor people of health insurance.@CNN @ShannonSharpe @RepMaxineWaters @KasieDC @CNNSitRoom @DwayneWade24x7 @MTPDailyTweets @BlackLivesMpls @undisputed @realDonaldTrump @BobCorker

KEEP FIGHTING THE GOOD FIGHT!
Welcome back boss!
I was proud.. Until he betrayed the American People
He's back to support ppl purchasing bump stocks, assault weapons, ending #NetNuetrality, & supporting GOP sexual assaulters. *Yay*

In Portugal, with no net neutrality, internet providers are starting to split the net into packages. 
Can you go back please. Fuck your policies
Leave again.
So Sick Of Republican's Lies,
Watch This & Learn...
'This tax scheme is the biggest bank heist in American history' — Sen. Merkley wants to dismantle the GOP's tax plan 
yes you are, sir.  And the American people are glad of that!

The Vast Majority Of House Republicans Voted Yes On The Tax Bill That Rewards The Rich & Screws The Poor. #TheResistance Will Remember That At Election Time. Senators: Planning On Doing The Same? We'll Remember That Too...
…
#HoldTrumpAccountableFor 
#SexualAssault 
#ObstructionofJustice 
#WitnessTampering 
#EmolumentsClause 
#MagnitskyActViolations 
#RussianSanctions 
#ElectionFraud 
#Treason 
#MoneyLaundering 
#TaxEvasion 
#YemenRaid 
#NigerAttack 
#PuertoRicoRelief 
#HateSpeech 
#NativeLandAbuse
Hey Steve Scalise- how come businesses keep SALT deductions- but individual tax payers lose it? California tax payers hosed!
I am sure this will be your stance going forward :
So glad!
Annnnnddddd... who cares.
Damn shame!
So very thankful Steve Scalise is back to health and back to work!

The Vast Majority Of House Republicans Voted Yes On The Tax Bill That Rewards The Rich & Screws The Poor. #TheResistance Will Remember That At Election Time. Senators: Planning On Doing The Same? We'll Remember That Too...
…

What amazes me is how these Republicans in Washington continue to lie about who’s going to benefit from their tax bill – even when their own Congressional Budget Office and Joint Committee on Taxation show that the major beneficiaries will be big corporations and the rich.
What a beautiful photo, it says so much! We are so glad you are back and voting for the people
Bless YOUR heart! 
God bless you and am so glad that you're back
11/17/17 Still wonder how you’re doing. Hope you are recovering more each day. It’s so good to have you back doing the people’s work, thank you
I love u Steve ty for showing kindness too a crazy person like Rosie O’Donnell ! I r my hero
God has blessed you for a higher purpose 
Glory be to God
After passing this tax plan I sincerely hope you get voted out and are never involved in public service again.
God bless you 
Nice
And Americans are screwed..
Welcome back and God bless you.
Thank you Jesus. Beautiful pic 
Can you walk, Mr. Scalise?  You always appear to be seated or standing with help.  I certainly hope you fully recover from your wounds.
Too bad
Unfortunately.
Thank you @SteveScalie for  your honorable service to all of us in Louisiana and the entire country.  We need more people in Congress with your fortitude, honesty, and work ethic.  Best wishes for continued recovery.
 God DID Bless You  Help GOD BLESS LEGAL AMERICAS 

 Today Is A Very Important & Very Revealing Day. 
Republicans Have Created A Tax Bill That Favors The Rich & Screws The Poor. #TheResistance Has Tweeted & Re-Tweeted MANY Facts About That.
NOTICE WHO VOTES YES ON THIS B.S. BILL~
…

If Your Representative Votes "Yes" On The Tax Bill
That Benefits The Rich, At Our Expense,
VOTE. THEM. OUT. OF. OFFICE.
#TheResistance Will Be Glad To Remind You...
…
Back to LIE

BREAKING: the Senate GOP is planning to rip health care from 13 million people, drive up premiums AND cut Medicare to pay for tax cuts for billionaires and corporations. They just can’t keep their hands off our health care. If you fought Trumpcare, we need you in this fight now!

BREAKING: CBO: Tax bill will automatically cut Medicare by $25 billion per year almost immediately. 
So happy!  Answered prayer, indeed!  Shalom “Blessings”
What happened to the promise to put complete bill on line 72hrs before voting so people could see the exact language-right now it sounds like “you have to pass it to find out what is in it”
good for you! now you can leave again if you plan on voting for the horrendous budget and tax cuts for the rich/corps! this will devastate our economy and country! selling us out to the highest bidder! RUSSIA!!! COMPLICIT!!!
You a wasted vote people do not trust politicians especially you
Dude you in la la land!
Do you think if people smoke more cigarettes we will have less cancer and disease, like you believe more guns keeps us safe from guns?
#twistedlogic
Your vote for this bill raises the national debt and you are a hypocrite
Your linguistic skills are deficient Trump one term president tax reform a joke!
God Bless You Sir! Hooah!
Do something to help the people who voted and won
I am so glad you are able to return to work. God hasBlessed you with a goodRecovery and may He continue to pour blessings upon you and yours
You want to kill dolphins and whales...  That's what #HR4239 is all about. I would rather have them than you.
You're back to destroy the environment?... Hey everyone, look up #HR4239 ...
You both endorsed White Evangelical Christian Alabama Chief Justice @MooreSenate as did @realDonaldTrump @VP @BreitbartNews @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Glad you're back and doing well. Elimination of medical cost deductions in the tax plan will hurt people. Consider your situation if you had to purchase your insurance & pay high deduct. What about families requiring ongoing treatment for serious issues? Have a heart.
Glad you are ok.  You know what you could do to really honor first responders?  PASS SOME REASONABLE LEGISLATION & make their jobs easier.
Try treating them like the super hero’s and allow them to love each other and don’t vote against everything they are. Near death didn’t change you- very sad. Karma has a way of teaching you lessons. You need more.
You are wrong to say that nobody saw the attack coming the attacker did & so does every mass murderer of the future who who will be able 2 buy weapons capable of massacring large numbers of people in seconds bc @GOP is beholden to @NRA instead of to past & future USA gun victims
Who’s that fat bastard behind you? He’s not saving anyone not coated in bacon grease. Def not running anyone down!
Saved at least 12 people? You a fortune teller now?
You of all people know it’s time for legislative gun control measures!!!
“In retrospect Sandy Hook marked the end of the US gun control debate. Once America decided killing children was bearable it was over.”
Glad you will be able to walk your daughter down the aisle when she gets married. Saved by a black LGBT woman who you oppose on all civil rights

"This is outrageous!"

Congressman John Larson shows his outrage & goes off on the GOP for their shady practices regarding their…
You have been given a second chance ,why don't you use it to do something worthwhile, right now your actions show otherwise ....disgraceful
And still against Gun Control.
Sweet thanks for your service Welcome back so glad for your recovery Carolbrower 
Our prayers are with you & can only hope you will get Americans Justice they deserve from the criminal activity going on in congress
... thanks to God for you because of the grace of God that was given you in Christ Jesus,”
#1Corinthians1:4 ESV
Glad you recovered. We prayed for you b/c above all else you're human. I pray that you step back and make the right decisions going foreward
https://www.washingtonpost.com/apps/g/page/national/read-the-transcript-of-the-conversation-among-gop-leaders-obtained-by-the-post/2209/ … WE KNOW YOU SOLD YOUR SOUL TO RUSSIA. Why? Is it really worth going to prison for the rest of your life?
ready to dig in and accomplish nothing. texas blood on urhands tonight or can't u see that either.

1- New Petition: To prevent genocide, grant white South Africans refugee status in the United States:
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/prevent-genocide-grant-white-south-africans-refugee-status-united-states … 
Thank God Prayers do workso glad you getting Healthy and on the road to a Great Recovery  ! Many Blessings
Remembering the victims of  #LasVegas & #SoutherlandSprings May we see bipartisanship in #GunReform soon!!!!!
do something then

We have not forgotten your hardship.  Americans pray for you daily.  I know I do.  Hope you are well and that your family is too.
GLAD ur BACK! @MariaBartiromo Pls take better look at TxPln Cutting brackets R crumbs. Don't rmve Mort Int/Ptx HURT American Dream! @GOP @VP
Thank you Lord for bringing back Steve!! Now lets stop Paul Ryan & buddies from destroying the middle class!!
you’re a cunt
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT THESE MASS SHOOTINGS INSTEAD OF BACKING THE NRA!!!!!
So glad you are back.  The country needs all the good men it can get.  God bless.
You may be back but you are not a real man, are you?
God bless and welcome back he support POTUS agenda

58 people were shot to death in Las Vegas on Oct 1. Since then, 1,195 more Americans have lost their lives to guns. http://bit.ly/2zdtunj 

Katy Tur obliterates GOP congressman for his pathetic lies about tax scheme https://shareblue.com/katy-tur-obliterates-gop-congressman-for-his-pathetic-lies-about-tax-scheme/#.Wfu1brXEClY.twitter … by @owillis 

Americans are have already started to line up against @SpeakerRyan’s tax plan… #NotOnePenny 

GOP talking points on tax bill say $450,000 a year = "low and middle-income"

https://shareblue.com/gop-talking-points-on-tax-bill-say-450k-is-low-and-middle-income/ ……
So glad you are ok and doing well
Thank God for your Recovery!
when you get out of congress it will get better..!!!!!!!!!!!! why would we want to help the rich get richer? Estate tax must stay!!
Tax plan for the wealthy, not middle class. You’re out of touch
when you get out of congress it will get better..!!!!!!!!!!!!
Welcome back, but tax cut plan is pile of crap. Misguided lies
when you get out of congress it will get better..!!!!!!!!!!!!
when you get out of congress it will get better..!!!!!!!!!!!!
when you get out of congress it will get better..!!!!!!!!!!!!
when you get out of congress it will get better..!!!!!!!!!!!!
when you get out of congress it will get better..!!!!!!!!!!!!
E-commerce will be a disaster for the future economy,Industries will reined one by one,today is just the beginning.regulation & regulation

Trump threatens our Constitution, our freedoms, and our lives. It’s time to begin impeachment proceedings. Join us. https://www.needtoimpeach.com  
Glad to see u! I kp telling ppl it's STILL a sin & u didn't "select" a gay to help u. Also, since vehicles kill ppl, we better outlaw them!
Your a Fighter we need fighters in place to revive the spirit of our Great Nation God Bless I’m proud to be a Louisianian and sorry I’m late

It's been 31 days since Congress let CHIP, the children's health insurance program that insures 9,000,000, expire.
Glad to hear!
Good,  now depose Ryan as speaker and introduce articles of impeachment for Trump.  #notrumpstooge
Low class is below middle class and high class is above middle class.  Why do you separate ppl by class?  Old habits die hard? Yep!
Glad you’re back.sorry about what happened to you. NOW you need toSTOP TRUMP BEFORE HE PARDONS TRAITORS OR FIRES MUELLER. You KNOW bothWrong
I'm So glad you're  back! God Bless you and your family! I love your smile! Always positive!
You seem to have some what do you know about Ambassador Leo Wanta s funds ?????
Happy that you are ok!
Praise the LORD
God is GOOD
All The Time 
All The Time 
GOD IS GOOD
NOW.. get those coworkers to pass tax reform w/u!
Praise the Lord for your survival I’m praise God for our country
https://twitter.com/kenklippenstein/status/923741769719779328 …  This is dispicable.
She should have left you out there dude. She's a much better person than you
So proud of you. After that, most would crawl in a corner. To hear, and see you today. Pride.
https://youtu.be/dnGVoiJj3ng  )
GOD BLESS YOU SIR and YOUR FAMILY. Thanks for all your Sacrifices and your Service to our Great Country. God Bless America sing it with me
And apparently as misinformed and unwilling to protect Americans as ever before. #resign
Thank you sir, for your service & patriotism to our country!
God Bless you and your family
God Bless the United States of America
Thank God. May the blessings of Psalm 91 be upon you always for supernatural protection and health in the Mighty Name of Jesus
Please investigate Twitter. They allow liberals to insult the president and we get taken off defending him!
Just thinking about you today, and wondered how you are doing on the mend.  God bless you Sir!
So glad your better please help our country
GREAT news ...!
Just letting you and your family that we have prayed for you constantly.  The CONGRESS applauds your return.  Please take good care.
You are also BLOCKED.
