Fantastic! Wish he was my senator
All of Texas wishes he were YOUR Senator as well!
We will gladly give him to any other state
According to her profile, he IS her Senator. I think she more likely lives in Novosibirsk.
Me?
Oh, sorry--I thought you were bot-talking about Cornyn! He posted the link. You're talking about Booker. That makes much more sense!
I was wondering about some of these replies  sorry if I wasn't clear. Yes I definitely wish Booker was my senator
Me too. Hoping Beto represents us both instead of Cruz soon, and then a Castro instead of Cornyn!
Please say you're on board, John. This is:
A.) common sense.
B.) less incarcerated persons.
C.) less $ for cartels.
D.) tax revenue.
On the subject of C, cartels don't care about marijuana and you would be a fool to think legalized marijuana would hurt them.

notice how the first graph already had marijuana trending down.  Secondly Cartels are taking advantage of Colorado
Downward "trend" tracks w/ recreational legalization timeline.
It you want to deprive drug gangs of a big source of revenue that's a key way to do it.
Support legalizati or be replaced
We don't want it in Texas
You don't speak for everyone in Texas.
Have a good day.
Tweet as endorsement?
@JohnCornyn has a habit of just tweeting titles of articles. It is the majority of his feed. maybe if you smoked a little you'd feel better
I know I would
That's a great place to begin on Criminal Reform.Are you tell Sessions not to implement minimum sentence requirement?
Help kids with severe autism like @KaraZartler Help kids with seizures. Don't drag cannabis into your culture wars. It's not that simple.
How about co-sponsoring the bill and making it bi-partisan Senator?
I'm confused, I highly doubt @JohnCornyn supports this but I hope I'm wrong
LEGALIZE it && tax the hell out of it!!
... also send some to NV, they're running low!
FINALLY! So, you're gonna back it right?
Please support Sen. Booker's effort.
Legalize dope. Give them free phones. Give them free food & healthcare. Keep them poor & reliant upon Government. It's how Dems work!
How would taxing & regulating something safer than alcohol and tobacco not be a common sense policy any Dem or GOP could get behind, Terri?
Great..dumbing down kids even more
Drug dealers don't ask for ID.
corndog, why are you tweetin for that lib toilet paper politico? Thought you claim to be a Republican?
Because it makes good sense, of course.
As ur constituent I urge u to support the Marijuana Justice Bill. Stop the ineffective, expensive, n racist enforcement of war on drugs.
Where do you stand on this Bill? As a constituent of yours I am very interested where you stand.
Good job Booker! About time this bill was introduced. Marijuana should be legal.
Awesome it is not as dangerous as alcohol!  It would stop a lot of drug dealers selling bad shit!
Sadly, it can be because of fools that try to drive stoned. Dumb dipsticks. If you're going to inhale, stock munchies first.
Very few arrested high far more drunk and drive!
Not very bright! The stuff makes you a sloth.
It sounds like you don't know much about cannabis, Raul. That's how it was able to be prohibited in the first place. Sad.
I don't care if you're for or against, but REALLY??  This is what Booker wants to introduce? It's not like we don't have bigger fish to fry!
That is such a dumb argument. It was made illegal by racism for political reasons in 1937... 1937!!!! How long should people wait?
You won't support it, never mind that it lowered opioid overdoses in states that allow, treats epilepsy and PTSD and other things. You suck.
What a turd obamacare is imploding & sen cory booker highest priority is to legalize marijuana - need single chamber congress & term limits
Dumb (and racist) public policy since 1937.
Time for common sense.
Wow an R supporting this...it's about time Senator.
If you were a real, small government conservative, you'd be all for this.
What's more dangerous for America, legal dope or an agenda that makes you a dope. Cory Booker get your head out
It's time we realized the war on drugs is a money pit and approach it with good common sense. A great source of revenue.
HALLELUJAH It should be! I sure hope u get one thing right and vote a resounding YES on this!
WTH !!  Democrats 
Finally a tweet from @JohnCornyn that I agree with. Probably the last too.
I'd still vote against you if you supported this bill but at least you'd be doing the right thing.
Majority of Americans in favor
Awesome! Support it and stop wasting time policing nothingburgers.
GOP is already high
Colorado had $500m in tax revenue from mj alone
Excellent !!! Thanks GeordieYank !!! !!!
Please support this @JohnCornyn
You should co-sponsor the bill. 77373
What a dirtbag.  Add that to the opioids epidemic . Real good dirtbag .
good idea.
Couldn't agree with Mr Booker more.
Legalize and pay for healthcare!  It's a no brainer.  Texas is losing so much tax revenue to California and Colorado.
Bout time!
So are you endorsing this or not John? Or do you wanna keep fighting alongside the failure known as "The War On Drugs"?
Sounds promising.
Too bad. All we need is more stoned drivers on the road.
I support this & since you're my Senator, I ask you to support it too cc @CoryBooker
Either legalize it or enforce laws against it...stop pissing around!
you should support Booker's Bill, legal marijuana would go a long way toward fighting opioid addictions and debts

No
About bloody time.
Cornyn has zero policy knowledge or understanding of politics. Stupid man tweets other ppl's ideas. 
#CroGotRussianMoney
Senator, what are you doing about the real drug crisis - the opioid crisis? Require pharmcos to contribute to the crisis solution.
Maybe the revenue the federal govt needs to fund #UniversalHealthCare perhaps?
Logical governance brought to you by the Democratic party.
And I suggest you get on the bandwagon.
Thank you Mr. Booker! (T. Washington)
Good job Corey.  Need to decriminalize and put focus of law enforcement on violent crime and crime with victims. Support it Cornyn!
My guess is that you are against it...reason why we need young blood in DC
Yes!!
Imagine what a dent we could put in creating blue collar jobs by championing new industries like marijuana and sustainable energy
Good. Current laws are racist and feed the legal slavery of the prison industrial complex.
You down John?
Somebody needs to get his schedule and set up a funnel cake stand!
Yesssss! I hope you're supporting this.
Thank you Sen. @CoryBooker
And a large number of Texans hope that you and @tedcruz will get behind this. It makes more sense than the war on drugs!
Why not let the states decide?
We all need to get stoned to listen & put up with @realDonaldTrump @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP! Right on @CoryBooker!! 
I'm in
Hey @JohnCornyn, if u haven't realized Texans smoke (&)then ur  as smart as u think u r. Legalize it, Tax it,  Tx Revenue,  Tx Crime
Great! There are many people who would benefit from the pain relieving, tumor reducing effects of Cannabis sativa. Get on board, John!
Cool, Texas could go green in more ways than one.
Good.

We can tax it.  $$$ for govt coffers
Regulate it.  Not get bad weed
Grow it.  Family Farms could expand
Snack foods sales 
Be more like @CoryBooker.
@CoryBooker is beginning the slow roll to a 2020 bid. Appealing to the demo that Hillary couldnt.
So what is your point?  You have left States without enough budgets.  Don't you think they are interested in the taxes it will bring in?
This is what NEEDS to happen, but #GOP is stuck in the 1950s! Sad!
Good for him. Cosponsor it, Cornyn.
So, does TX want to spend $ jailing ppl? Or passing laws that will actually help?
Texans support this legislation. It has been amazing for helping some of my friends manage chronic pain. Please align with @CoryBooker
Good, more tax income $ and less prison spending $
And what is your opinion on the matter, Senator?
I'm good with that. Vote yes, please
Sounds fine and dandy to me! The "War on Drugs" is a WASTE of tax payers dollars!
Good for him. He doesn't work for the prison industrial complex whose only goal is to fill beds. Neither should you. #YouWorkForUs
Good
well good, about time.

Is there an issue? You support Trump and his love affair with Putin. At least Bookers bill would generate massive tax revenue.
This is the KIND of numbnuts that idiots elect and the kind of fool that undermines the values that once made AMERICA great!
One way to keep the brothers out of jail
#cowardcornyn defeats a tbagger to keep his senate seat only to become a tebagger. Not surprising since he's an old white guy and fits
awesome
At least one senator cares about this country.
Good!
William F Buckley was saying this 30 f'in years ago. Get on it.
Good 
Glad you're making us aware of a bill that all in Congress should support. It should be covered as a medical cost under single payer too
This is a good thing.
Wow, a senator trying to pass a good law. Rare for these Texan eyes.
I don't smoke pot but I think this is a great idea.
Great way to boost tax revenue & slash the prison-industrial complex. When properly regulated for safety, of course.
Good plan, you and Rafael need to support this bill.  It's plain common sense...
Awesome!
"Squirrel!"
You were looking for a bipartisan project, John, jump on it.
That's awesome. You should support this.
Make a lot of $$ for Texas
I hope you vote for it.
He must be on drugs.
Which clause of the constitution gives feds power to make drugs legal or illegal? #federalism
If there's one thing a Democrat and Republican should agree on it's THIS @JohnCornyn
I'm in favor, Senator. Are you?
It's a great idea, which means you won't support it.  That, and all the money you take from big pharma.
So are you gauging your constituents interest in this? I vote Yes!!!
Don't use marijuana personally but might as well legalize it.  Alcohol and nicotine are both legal.
About TIME. So many backwards paranoid states that NEED it are missing out on incredibly revenue!
That's so we're stoned & Democrats can do what they want.
Well, that's one way to pander for votes.
Healthcare paid for. As an rn I see its amazing medicinal uses. Alcohol is far worse for people than pot but that's ok?
This is a great idea. Would provide many states an opportunity to get out of debt and actually carry a surplus.
So what about it? Your job is to represent constituents..maybe you should get off your Koch horse and pay attention to what we think?
Please support him. I support you, so.......
Will you support this senator? Or do you still live in the 1950s?
He and Jeff Sessions share a 1950's ranch.
Except without the Elvis, tailfin cars and anything else cool about the 50s.
We need to #vote more people like @CoryBooker into office and less people like you @JohnCornyn! Time to #VoteOutTheIncumbent! #Vote2020
Booker acts like a Dope!
You should support it. #TXVoter
As your constituent, I urge you to support this bill. So much good can come out of it!
He isn't interested in what his constituents have to say and sadly does not even care about them at all.
We all know the Dems are on drugs....
Democrat priority: drugs. Noted.
GOP just wants to make money off private prisons. Less crime and gang violence. Check out states on Colorado
Exactly, GOP priority throw as many people in prison as possible and push opiods as a cure all.
Yes!!! Yes!!!  From a person who lives in constant pain, yes!!!
Good. There are so many ill people who can benefit from the healing properties of medical marijuana.
Well, it would be taxed. And that is bad, how?
Love this guy. #presidential
Good
#trumprussia
Get on board, Senator! Do the right thing.
Good, I hope you support it.
Do this, and you won't need a stupid wall.
Times are a changing, Medical marijuana should be legal nationwide, not sure about federalizing legality, It should never be Schedule 1.
And as one of your constituents I urge you to get behind the bill.
Jump on board John!
Good. Marijuana charges are a waste of time & money, & are disproportionately applied along racial lines. They do nothing to make us safer.
Here a better story
Do you support this bill, Senator?
Tax it to pay for education and health care
Here's your big opportunity for bipartisanship John
You down with this, Cornhole?
Interesting. And do you have an opinion on that, senator?
Good, you should cosponsor
Good.
Yep. You'd have a lot fewer folks to send to your private prisons.
This is long overdue.
Embarrassingly so.
cool
