@tristanls waste of taxpayer time and money. Focus on other priorities.
the only allegations are the voices in Trumps head.  The one case you tweeted was 2010 and 2014 only.  One from 123 million
as long as, at the "bottom", you're willing to admit the 3M fraud votes for Hillary is false, and your leader is a liar.
Unsubstantiated claims of voter fraud receive your full attention. Actual evidence of foreign tampering and you are silent.
.@JohnCornyn if you feel this is more pressing and a threat to our democracy more then Russia hacks is US and Europe. Priorities Sir.
it's a waste of money when they're baseless allegations.  Where's proof of 3-5M votes... or buses driving the people 2 polls. BS
Then request an investigation into election corruption instead of hiding behind Trump's LIES about voter fraud of 3 MILLION vote
If you were serious about this you'd be investigating actual #VoterSuppression, #Gerrymandering and election fraud. #FactsMatter
thanks for bringing up the topic.  Gerrymandering needs to be discussed at all levels of govt.
#Gerrymandering is why Austin isn't really represented in #txlege and #VoterSuppression put @JohnCornyn & @SenTedCruz in office.
If you support investigating voter fraud, please also demand investigation into Michael Flynn's communications with Russia
3-5 million?  That search is a waste of time and a lie
When there is minimal voter fraud. Why not discuss voter suppression? Stop listening to FAKE news there is no voter fraud.
TINY # of documented cases of voter fraud in the US. Period. It IS a waste of time and money, and an effort to suppress votes.
When a man who sees a small crowd as larger than a larger crowd makes an allegation, the allegation isn't credible.
Voter fraud is a proven lie. Prove it or shut up about it. Enough
Is there a dispute to settle? Who (besides #45) believes there is wide-scale voter fraud?
Go for it. Including voter suppression(especially gerrymandering) which is equivalent, if not worse.
Illegal voting, I've got two words for you; Al Franken
the only illegal voter caught, tried and sentenced was a woman in TX that voted (wait for it)

rePUGLICAN!
If your words are to back Trump's crazy number of 3 mil illegal votes, then it is a waste and stand up to Trump @POTUS
1: invent voter fraud. 2: "get to the bottom" of allegations. 3: implement strict ID laws that disenfranchise voters. #evilplan
please call for an independent investigation of the White House ties to Russia.
I don't think it's a waste of time or money for U to face the constituents of your state but clearly U disagree #texastownhall
How about getting to the bottom of Trump/Russian ties. Be an American and investigate Trump/Russian ties. #Constituent
No problem w Voter fraud. It's a GOP tactic to root out minorities, millennials and the elderly. Democratic voters
I think it was settled by several studies that all showed less than .00000013 percent of voter fraud. #realfacts
let's get to bottom of Putin's involvement
#ZeroEvidence
your better bet is Russian interference.
You are such a fool!  You play right into Trump's and his associates' hands...using you and your colleagues for their gain.
@seidson It is when there is zero credible evidence. How about investigating @realDonaldTrump REAL conflicts of interest?
I would love to see the numbers of people who have voted illegally vs. the number of people you have disenfranchised illegally.
Deflecting is an art you learned from Trump. Let's talk about the real issue of a cabinet you voted for that has no idea what ??
it is a waste of time and taxpayer money.
illegals vote here in my town and brag about it....
I think it has been settled. Stop gerrymandering.
just confront @POTUS  that it's not 5 or 6 million. Do you believe him? If not speak up & speak loud.
yes, while we are at it, let us investigate the Russian interference in our election?
He won you ninny.
resist the racist, and fascist POTUS 45. had POTUS 44 did any of this OMG u wud hav ask 4 for him 2 resign.
it is a waste of time n MY TAXPAYER MONEY work for me NOT U
I'm not really surprised so many are afraid of looking into voter fraud. Hmmmm, I wonder why? Should be bipartisan!
can't wait til you find out Putin thugs helped 45 and GOP. Would rather spend the $ on truth than a wall. Answer the phone!!!
You do realize everyone sees your just throwing the smokescreen.  Please be sure to cover Russia's involvement.
But yes, let's settle this I am definitely looking forward to discovering who has really tampered with the election.
How about you show us evidence?  Great way to waste $$.  This is what we have come to expect from weak repubs.
why don't Rep. party pay for this? It is y'alls problem. Made up by trump. You folks are all crazy!!!
Good idea. Another one, investigate trump's Russian connection.
I think a better use of your time would be the connections between Russia and our government,you should care!!!
After you settle the issues of voter fraud AND suppression, will you listen your constituents & call 45 out for the LIAR he is?
As a #constituent #votersuppression is more of a concern in #Texas than #fraud. More prevalent than #voterfraud too #wehaveeyes
I guess you don't listen to your constituents either. Typical GOP you only represent your interests, screw everyone else.
if all you can prove is 2 out of a hundred million, I'd call that a colossal waste of your time and my money.
How about getting to bottom of Russian hacking, Trumps taxes and his ties to Putie?!
It's false allegation But if it keeps being alleged every time there's an ELECTION  prooving othewise wld put end 2 absurdity ??
- I am one of your constituents $ and time can be spent better elsewhere
I wish you had listened to the people about voting no to Betsy DeVos. So bad for our schools. Never been in public school
yes it is when all state SOS has said no voter fraud or illegal voting has occurred. Made up issue for voter suppression
do your job then and DEMAND EVIDENCE.
you mean like investigating Sean Spicer, Tiffany Trump, Steve Bannon, and Jared Kushner for their voter fraud?
not a waste of time looking at voter fraud It should be looked at all over the US
why don't we use that money/time to investigate Russia's ties to this administration.  Be a patriot!
There is no evidence of widespread voter fraud. Shame on you for pretending otherwise. @nytimes
where is the evidence of large scale voter fraud. Are you in w/Alex Jones now? Trying to revamp your image to crazy-town?
settle it for good on Election Day 2020, unless GOP hacks the voting booths
@seidson @tristanls voter suppression much more impactful/substantiated, but you know that.
Provide data to support your claims and we can settle this. Baseless allegations don't do the trick.
forget about Flint
let's start with the Republican mom being sentenced to 8 years
Sure I challenge you to find evidence of MASS fraud- not singular incidents.
and while you're at it, why don't you address the gerrymandering in many states, which IS a real issue.
Ensure this doesn't lead to disenfranchised voters. And by the way, use your money to fund the investigation.
there IS NO EVIDENCE. We can't waste time&$ on every fake allegation trump spews!!!!
.@JohnCornyn who says it isn't settled except for DJT?  #doyourjob #novoterfraud
I'm going to straighten things out for me, a Texas teacher by voting against you
instead spend the money on Russian investigation and addressing gross gerrymandering
@seidson @tristanls why waste money to get at your predetermined conclusion - making it harder for the poor to vote
if voter fraud why vote to get rid of election commission?
Spend $$ investigating  ties to election! #AnswerYourPhone
And let's see @realDonaldTrump's taxes and ties to Russia 
you would not mind if you are a registered voter
the way to clear this up is investigate no legal voter will lose their right to vote so investigate
agree the more they get away with it the more they will do
let's Settle Russia's involvement. Of course you all love to spend OUR money so spend it on what we want.
First investigate and prove that it exists, then find a solution.  Putting measures (voter ID)  in place first belies motives.
on this one I actually agree with you. Investigate voter fraud AND suppression. See where any problems lie. #votersmustvote
your playing into POTUS's hands to disenfranchise voters in future elections
okay then lets have a do-over of the election!!
townhall!
what happened to fiscal responsibility. If you wan to investigate,  do it  on Flynn & his  aid. We might have a Russian spy
more important things than voter fraud. He won & he's tearing us apart. Why can't u see that? Why r u not standing up 4 TX
and while we're at it, let's be sure to quantify the impact of Russia meddling in the 2016 election.
Exactly. For all the illegal Russians who voted for Trump, right?
this whole admin is full of snakes like you
make sure you're also looking into the real problem of voter suppression and gerrymandering while you're at it
I would say investigating  flynn and trumps involvement in Russian election tampering is a better cause.
This sudden interest n answering constituents reaffirms my belief that Twitter is part of the GOP agenda. Resist by unfollowing!
Actual voter fraud virtually non-existent. Allegations of voter fraud not the same thing. Get to the bottom of POTUS lies.
@seidson @tristanls while we're at it, kinda like to get to bottom of that Russia thing and see those taxes. Kind of a 3'fer!
Just make sure you deal with foreign government interference in our elections as well.
No. Alleged "voter fraud" is not a problem. Repeating that to justify voter suppression is gross. You should stop.
Coward
it is when there is no evidence of massive fraud! It's a distraction! YOU VOTED IN DONALDS SWAMP! You will be replaced. #Resist
the allegations are unfounded. You know that. #investigateDonaldTrump #investigateMikeFlynn #rosneft #russianHacking
for once, we agree. Let's but this GOP voter fraud fantasy to bed. Tired of yall using it as an excuse to disenfranchise voters.
why not national voter id laws....we have national healthcare laws but not national voter id laws????
24/7/365 fill federal judges with jurists not kings and doj should investigate election systems in usa...why not national stds??
.@JohnCornyn ...so Trump can attempt to prove he won a White House that he's already living in? Take a stand against frivolity and vanity.
how bout voter suppression while you're at it? Only fair.
@seidson @tristanls Voting is the foundation of our representative gov't; ensuring its integrity is paramount.
.@TXCOL7 @JohnCornyn @seidson that is not actionable statement but a value statement. What makes you think integrity is compromised?
y'all are trying to remove the agency that protects voting machines. Focus on real problems, not presidential whining.
the allegations are completely unsupported and driven by a wounded ego. So yes, it's a waste. Take it from your constituents.
allegations from a delusional person who can't get over the fact that most voted for someone else are not credible.
2020 baby....you're gone
You know this is fiction. Can't believe you'd entertain this notion. You're a senator, you have to be smarter than this. Right?
What does it matter  at this point? It's a waste of my tax dollars!
voter suppression point blank.  Get to the bottom of Flynn's Russia ties, Price's insider trading & trump's business conflicts.
As a lib, I support the audit. I hope you take up the bipartisan charge to ensure MORE Texans have BETTER access to vote
but pretty much all expert say voter fraud is incredibly rare-& efforts to stop it can disenfranchise voters.
what about investigating the actually verified claims that Russia meddled in OUR elections instead of trying to suppress voters?
@seidson @tristanls You pay for it!
#gerrymandering #txlege Independent Redistricting Commission in Texas - Sign the Petition! https://www.change.org/p/texas-legislature-create-an-independent-redistricting-commission-in-texas?recruiter=680741234&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=share_twitter_responsive … via @Change.
there isnorealevidence
We should also get to the bottom of allegations of conflicts of interest, no?
I have an idea. You should find it with your @BetsyDeVos bribe money. If you think it's worth it, pay for it yourself.
I don't think getting to bottom of allegations of corruption of President is a waste of time or money.  Let's settle this.
I look forward to a bipartisan study into voter fraud and suppression. Please publish the independent findings of the study
You are pushing away a very motivated constituency whom you haven't represented AT ALL. Trump's actions (and yours) hurt you.
@seidson @tristanls Great. How about YOU pay for it.
it's been settled. Many times. There is no "voter fraud" problem. There is a voter suppression problem, however.
voting is a state function, & the heads of state voting agencies - Dem & Rep - reported mim problems. 45 created fake news.
do not get wrapped around nonsense created by 45 to distract from his incompetence.
@seidson @tristanls It's a lie. Voter suppression is the real crime.
that's right, I forgot y'all had to come up w evidence to support trumps "millions voted illegally" claim. Show us, pls. Waiting
-you don't mind wasting tax payer money-Benghazi, email servers, etc.Is the DONALD secure? Lies and waste of our $
Just like the Benghazi investigations weren't a giant waste of time and money? Let's discuss at a town hall.
wow! You drank the Kool-Aid! Or is this just horrible acting to convince your uneducated constituents? You are deplorable! #GOP
You may not think a waste but your constituents do. Please hear us.
yes, please start your investigation with Russia/Trump collusion.
these "allegations" are complete fiction created for ego's sake. Move on to what is truly important.
why are you not outrag by the Russian involvement  in our elect! Demand an investigation!  Politics aside this can't be allowed
There have been studies to disprove in the past. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump has no proof now. Waste of MY money.
Senator, you think POTUS' claim you heard firsthand of 1,000s ppl bused from MA to NH to vote illegally is worth investigating?
spending money on voter fraud in the election is wasted unless it changes the outcome! Use funds for EDUCATION MEDICARE AHC.
but sure, let's have a commission. Can we make it no-partisan, instead of a WH cadre of yahoos headed by Pence?
why aren't you equally concerned about voter suppression, when evidence shows that MILLIONS of people are affected.
because voter suppression historically benefits republicans.
it is a waste of time. Ur efforts are to suppress minority turn out. U r really feeling lucky you aren't up in 2018.
@seidson @tristanls talk to TXSOS and election admins in Texas, even Republican ones. No evidence of wide spread voter fraud
Odd to me that you're finally asking for a small dialog with your constituents, after ignoring us for weeks about #DeVos.
what you think doesnt matter. You work for citizens
town hall?
Amen Sir!
you just don't get it. Your team won, you are a Senator, listen!!!
Is investigating voter fraud a cover for voter suppression? Many have that fear, and @GovAbbott's shrill tone doesn't help.
8. doing was not mandated by the MAJORITY OF AMERICANS don't get it twisted!
@seidson 
I think there is a more important investigation needed regarding the election. What about Russian interference?
7. but not the majority of the American ppl. Understand he was voted in by electoral college w a minority vote. Everything he is
MORE GOP voter fraud fraud. You are ON it this morning, Mr. Coornyn.
#Trump's obvious involvement with the Russian govt and his #PutinLove during and after the election deserve congressional focus
6. It us time u ppl get serious about america. MAKE AMERICA GREAT! is nothing but a cliche & JOKE. He can clown his supporters.
Voter fraud topic is a minor thing vs bigger issues that are really going on and supported by officials like yourself.
5. more interested in fun and games bc he's not taking being president seriously. This is a democracy not a dictatorship.
@TX21Indivisible @maddow And by voter fraud you mean Russian interference, right? #TownHallNow
perhaps you can find the Phantom 3-5 million illegal votes Trump made up. Where is your plan for replacing the ACA?
Bush did and spent a lot of money doing it. You're deflecting from the shitshow in the White House.
4. U &your comrades based on who u voted for. This is his 3rd week as president and his 2nd trip to golf course. It appears he's
there are already closed cases of voter fraud/non citizens voting so we know it exists now fully investigate to determine scale
so you support gerrymandering and following the GOP even though many constituents are trying to communicate their views with u?
when 45 made voter fraud claims you said "I didn't pay a lot of attention to it. I was ready to move onto some policy issues"
oh great, you're answering questions! Do you really believe in wide spread voter fraud and why?
compared to the millions on security for FLOTUS or the unfounded allegations against HRC, sure, the cost is a drop in the bucket
@washingtonpost 3. All these illegal executive orders, messing up ACA plan u have no plan and it must not be important to the
I hope you will start with the recent unfounded allegations that people from MA were bussed to NH to swing the vote there.
are you advocating an investigation, use of crosscheck, stronger voter id laws? How would your proposal work?
could you guarantee not to disenfranchise a single legal voter? If so, have at it. But like our legal system, it has to be set
up to favor not convicting the innocent rather than to favor catching the guilty.
and seriously thank you for answering some tweets and engaging.
When literally every agency who studies voter fraud says it doesn't happen on a meaningful scale? You've GOT to be kidding.
Why don't you have a town hall so we can discuss it?
excellent idea!
Legitimate allegations are one thing. Southern-strategy voter suppression and Donald Trump's hysterical delusions are another.
2. should be dealing Russia interfering with our election, Flynn interfering with sanctions on Russia, NK shooting missiles.
all troubling aspects of the election should be investigated. Absolutely. Including Trumps ties to Russia. I fully agree!
he has no ties keep spreading the lie
Ohmygoodness!  He has no ties?  Isn't that precious??!!
getting to the bottom of allegations of foreign influence on our elections is not a waste of time either. Surely you agree?
yes let's talk about this. U have the pwr to investigate. Do IT. Shame on u 4 dragging ur feet.
Let's start with your evidence. Or, are you just Joe-McCarthying us with constant allegations?
“I think this is a huge distraction from really what we ought to be focusing on..." Your words regarding voter fraud 1/25/17
Thank you Senator.
"This really seems like a rabbit trail to me,” Cornyn said Tuesday night on Fox News 1/25/17
how much time and money for HRC? Go for it!
if you need a little stress relief  come join us on the 18th near  Austin, meet some LEO leaders
Let's do it- Propose an independent commission on voter fraud and suppression. I look forward to you doing this.
it is a waste since it is not a sig issue, but voter suppression is.  Voter fraud investigation = suppression.
like the wall!
NO ONE WITHOUT PROPER ID SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO VOTE!
