and what's wrong with that? It's safer than most pharma drugs. Appears they're in your pocket.
I know 4 a fact it works better than the #Venlafaxine #VA has me on 4 #depression @JohnCornyn doesn't seem concerned w/that
lining their pockets no matter what party they're in. Big pharma is worse than the mob Thank you for your service
u r 100% correct! It was my pleasure 2 serve! I served with some real heroes better men than we have in #DC 󾓦󾓦󾓦
you veterans deserve the best care in the world. I wish things were different for you all. 
#VA is a hassle, but currently I'm glad that at least I have it. 
I'm afraid Paul Ryan is interested in gutting VA benefits too.
that needs to be stopped!
Hey @JohnCornyn its actually a big issue in the fastest growing industry in the USA. You'd know that but #Texas education might be behind.
what bout banking regs. shes imposed on other industries w/ her legislation?? only #cannabis shuld be fought for?
Only #cannabis requires endless unsafe cash transactions and tax law that is prohibitive to absurdity
all tax law is by definition prohibitive
Not about taxes. It's about Bank Accounts. Cannabis entrepreneurs can't have one. At all.
.@JohnCornyn exactly what do you find objectionable? This is a billion $$ industry, employing millions of people.  What are you losing?
maybe he wants el chapo to keep making the money instead?
I'm at a loss as to why @JohnCornyn finds issue with this, outside of his rabid partisanship. It's ridiculous. I'm tired of it.
Cuz he's old has no vision and probably filling his pockets with pharma $
Hit the nail on the head. Big Pharma can't stand the idea of someone making money on useful drugs, possibly more effective than theirs.
When big pharma gets in the weed business these money grubbing politicians will change their tune
Wish they would stay out of it honestly. Ruin a good thing. That said, seizure patients among others need legal access. Now.
yes, god forbid an entrepreneur has access to financial services... #GOPSmallBusinessorNo?
.@JohnCornyn many #Vets now work in the industry, esp. in security. 

U dont support Vets right 2 financial safety? .@realDonaldTrump
I wish you would be open to learning about the benefits of cannabis medicine. No good reason for Schedule 1.
Sad, & shameful.
Also, you don't think the Bankers want to get their hands on those $Billions$? http://247wallst.com/consumer-products/2017/01/08/marijuana-news-roundup-californias-cannabis-crop-worth-23-billion/ … 2015 crop= $23.3 Billion.
Not exclusively a Dem issue: millions of Trump voters support reform: 8/9 cannabis initiatives won, in states like ND/AK/FLA.
I'm with Elizabeth warren..... originally hemp was used for fuel, food, clothing.. it is what sustained America in the beginning
It's about free markets, Senator. Or maybe you haven't heard that the federal law is a drag on liberty.
it's just time 2 legalize it and move on.
And what is it that you want, Cornyn? Certainly not the best for your constituents!
A common sense, pro biz plan. A true Republican would support her.  As a two faced obstructionist, you can only whine.
actually it is time to get on board and legalize marijuana nationally.  $$ for fed govt and deals a blow to Mex cartels
Better that than your warmongering
we have 190 employees who make well over min wage with full health benefits.   1000`s of jobs at risk without banking.
And your alternative plan is? Keep them in limbo? Why are you anti-capitalist? Why stifle this industry? #FreeMarket
your constituents want you out of office! 
Sen Elizabeth Warren is smarter than you'll ever be even if you lived two lifetimes!!
Your priorities?  Continue locking people up for smoking a plant. FREEDOM!!!
$7 billion industry (and growing) that isn't able to participate in banking.Yeah, I would say it is a pretty high priority.
You are my Senator.  Can we try being a little dignified, please?
what are your priorities?
CornDog loves him some drug war
Cornyn is a useless political hack.  There is ZERO reason a legal industry should not be able to use banking system.
Elizabeth warren has more morality in her pinkie finger than you sir will ever have!!
POS GOP! Traitors now destroying Ethics in secret meeting. Evil bastards. Truly evil humans. Traitors all. #RESISTANCE
Yeah, when you're ripping health care away and gutting ethics, you don't have much spare time for this.
what's the issue? Marijuana should be legal. End the drug war!
We can only monitor legit businesses when they're apart of a legit system + they make mills in revenue 4public
does the alcohol  industry  lobby you?
and GOP priorities, getting rid of independent ethical oversight...
oh yes, that's what she's been talking about. NOT. Another LIAR.
That's a hell of a good idea! Thanks for letting me know.
Your party's priority was apparently to gut The Congressional Ethics Oversight Committee.
John, I can't wait to vote you out of office when your reelection comes around.
you've got to be kidding!!!!! and Trump in bed with Putin is ok??
Cash businesses attract armed robbers. Armed robbers benefit from your position. Do you REALLY want that kind of support?
What I cannot stand about these drug warriors is that they refuse to acknowledge their own role in violent crime.
She is trying to reduce violent crime. Are you FOR violent crime? I doubt you are. So get on the bus please.
If you want to thwart armed robbers, then give ppl a way to process credit transactions and keep their money in banks.
Dispensary workers have been shot and killed in robberies that only happened because you people force them to use cash.
Have you not noticed that the war on drugs is lost?  Better to legalize and tax the Hell out of it!
afraid of pot shops? I'll take 2 reefers, please.
look at how much CO raked in taxes from rec cannabis -- or is that not the right kind of $? Prefer that oil $?
Your priorities? Making sure 20 million ppl lose their health insurance so millionaires can get a few extra thousand $ per year.
good, what the hell is your problem.
that's a good thing.
Hell yes.  Legalize marijuana nation wide.
cleaning up banking and organized crime is a twofer, give her a hand,
All I know is alcohol has affected me and others in a bad way and it's legal. Think about that
You represent me and this is what you're objecting to? Please check on what PEOTUS is tweeting.
nice are you as concerned with the gutting of the House Office of Congressional Ethics??
And maybe ur priority should  be making sure Trump doesn't steal everything not nailed down and  pillage our liberties.
Hey Johnny, how 'bout Russian hacking? Gutting the Ethics Committee? Emoluments Clause? Nah, you're right, let's stick w/ weed.
.@JohnCornyn You're a gutless, power-hungry, amoral fraud, btw.
A very popular position.
if banking doesn't get involved, the businesses can always get $, but the sources aren't above board. Regulate 4 safety
This is a good thing dummy
Sounds like a great idea. You should get behind that effort.
follow the money trail
STATES RIGHTS ARE THE WORST RIGHTS!
.@JohnCornyn so she's not fleecing enough poor people for you? @latimes
Yeah, pot is bad you scotch guzzling old man. Why don't you focus on some real issues like all sad Trumpets when you repeal ACA.
Knock Knock.  Who's there? 10th amendment.  10th amendment who? 10th amendment says John Cornyn is a hypocrite, that's who.
And what are you working on? Lowering taxes on the rich and taking away health insurance from normal people? What a hero!
.@JohnCornyn It must be difficult breathing with your head up Mitch McConnell's ass. Come out for air!
lubed with Russian oil from Moscow Mitch.  Traitors all.
stupid guy representing stupid people says stupid stuff.
. @JohnCornyn Why is this a bad thing? Giving them access to safe banking would reduce risk of robbery and increase oversight. Win-win.
.@JohnCornyn @latimes And it's reps like Cornyn that give Texas such a sh!tty reputation around the country. Quit being so divisive.
38 States have legalized marijuana for either medical, recreational or both.  mental and behavioral health deteriorates.
Care to show any data to support that Alamoillini? I can show plenty that show the opposite...
;  I'm an Engineer. No bank would ever loan me money for anything. I even know how to write up good business plans.
. @JohnCornyn Wow I thought you liked small business! All those small businesses That have to deal in cash, you don't care?
you want vendors in legitimate business walking out of a store with thousands in cash because you are afraid of a plant. Genius
We cannot legislate morality. We can, and should educate.  But, how can you pass up this opportunity at raising taxes?
what's the problem? Dispensaries aren't able to use traditional banking. Time to modernize.
So is your priority getting rid of pesky ethical oversight for corrupt politicians?
Why not follow up w responses to your posts, or are your posts just meant to stir up partisanship? Not good leadership.
It's common sense really. You have to stupid or stoned to vote lib.
You'd better have more than insults to run on in 2020. You'll catch all the blame if country not 110%.
Not a difficult task. Just take Obama/Dem shackles off Americans and watch them flourish on their own.
Like they were in the final year of Bush when the economy collapsed and started the recession?
Are u referring to recession caused by the housing collapse set into motion by Billary?
good! You should support her.
@Bear_Force @latimes it is a safety issue due to large amounts of cash involved-really no reason for Feds to be involved at all
Your priorities? Ripping healthcare and getting rid of your ethics committee. Not funny, sir.
Did I miss the part that states that this is Warren's priority in 2017?
. It's 2017. Time  to allow legal pot sales to be placed in banks.  I'm guessing Colorado?
Your point is? It's legal in her state (& many others) but business owners have problems getting funding. Aren't you pro-small business?
How about NO, you are violating Fed laws in those states...just saying
2017 called.  It wants you to catch up.
In all fairness, it's just ONE of her several priorities. But you know that. And you wonder why folks are cynical.
