Another great example of Replutocrats not being able to GOVERN so they use their majority to RULE. This is abhorrent to this citizen.
Cornyn still thinks his Constituents are stupid & not paying attn. Some are but the rest of us are fully awake and watching his every move.
Sounds good for now. Just don't gift a Harry Reid-like decision for the Dems to use later.
But it's okay when GOP Mitch McConnell uses it to force thru SCOTUS? You're a hypocrite too! Busted!!
LOL Thanks to Harry Reid who paved the way & forced through several SCOTUS. So bust yourself! #LiberalHypocrites
Plus I'm making the point that this type of action is NOT a good idea.
I get your point but you just said it sounds good for now and Cornyn supports it. These actions are repeated if we just go along with it.
Agreed. I was being a little sarcastic. The door never should have been opened.
Cornyn must work to only allow judges who the GOP approves of.  He cannot allow a free judiciary. Cornyn must follow Russia's orders
Cornyn will do anything to pervert the Constitution in his blind service to the party over Country. A disgraceful betrayal of Americans
Really, it is shameful how petty Rs are being. Y'all obstructed in every way possible and now are whining. Cut it out.
You love the rules when they don't apply to you. Coward!
Do It ! It was always a ridiculous rule.
You do not have the country's best interest in mind.  Please@resign.  Americans hate this partisanship.
U r a SCOUNDREL for supporting a TRAITOR, and u know it....
We are sick of politics.
Very nice of you to support this, especially after republican behavior on judges when Obama was president. Proud you're one of my senators.
I hope this is sarcasm b/c your own Senator is screwing over the state of TX. Wake up Texas.
Very much so. He's the worst
@GOP can't even win an election w/o the help of Russians- gerrymandering, crosscheck,purging of voter rolls. Scourge of the US
Y'all will lie, cheat and steal to get your unpopular agenda through. You can't get it done the otherwise. Cowardly.
They will never be able to wash the stench of Trump off of them.
Fake news!
Blue slips only seem to work when they are being used by R's to stop a D President.  You are so nakedly partisan.
Already morally bankrupt, GOP and Cornyn say "F-It! Let's go Full Monty and make sure our duplicity is as obvious as possible! PARTY FIRST!"
They all smell like trump, Pence, Flynn, Manafort, Ross, Bannon, & GOP that is using corruption to push thru their agenda.
Retire old man
Yes.
If you always have to change the rules to accomplish anything, have you considered that what you're doing isn't right?
This is GOP incompetence at work.
Weaken every aspect of our democracy to play a minor part to Adolf Trump.....great plan @GOP, #Failure
Your focus on advancing the GOP initiative is sad. Do you really want Trump to set the GOP agenda?
Not a good idea. Will end up haunting you at some point.
More obstruction?  You hate everyone and everything. Nothing you do makes sense.
No matter how pissed we get about this it won't matter if we don't take ourselves and 50 friends to vote this guy and co. OUT of office.
Vote, vote, vote! That is if you can get by all of Abbott's corrupt gerrymandering. TX is completely corrupt w/voter suppression.
Really ... you can't ensure quality judges are nominated that would pass a bipartisan vote ... makes one assume the GOP is unethical.
When @GOP use on @POTUS44 nominee it is accepted. If @TheDemocrats use on @POTUS nominee it needs to be changed. It is also not a rule.
Total Cornyn hypocrisy on full display. This dude has absolutely no shame.
Get it done
Really? Seems like y'all were fine with this rule when it suited the GOP's plan. Pettiness is unbecoming.
Oh so it's only okay when your party uses them? BS
Hypocrisy much? Texans want to see you. When is the next Townhall? Stop the rubber stamp crap and put America 1st and convoluted party 2nd.
Maybe wrong week to promote a measure that makes it easier for Trump. Please wake up and stop enabling.
NO WAY!! GOP blocked Obama appts w/ this & now u want to change it? Have you ever even heard the word fair? Pick better judges!
Any comment about the conduct of Erdogan's security detail vs American demonstrators the other day? Curious at all? Or business as usual?
@tedcruz 
Neither you nor Cruz represent me. Obstructionism was GOP for 8 years. 
Where is your townhall schedule 4 TX cities & towns?
on the plus side, you are singlehandedly making the argument easier and easier to vote you out of office.
Amen! We are busily working on making that happen.
what is profoundly disturbing is your unquenchable thirst to be an obstructionist. U must constantly feel threatened.
u spend Saturday nights trying 2 be as hateful as possible. Running out of ideas on how to phrase ?'s about leakers? TrumpRussia
Since GOP has permanent majority this will never come back to haunt you.
Always about changing the rules to benefit you and you're party. Try representing the people for once.
Sir, in the end reputation is all u have. U r willing to throw urs away in support of trump and the hateful GOP agenda. Sad!
So you don't like obstruction tactics when their used against you but love them when you can use them against the other party? #hypocrite
This Is John Cornyn.
Good god fool! Again w the support of everything trump?!? Buh bye.....
Be careful what you wish for. Dems learned this. I guess y'all need to as well.  It could come back to bite you. Ask Harry Reid.
You suck so bad.  Just awful for the state and the country.
There you go, changing things to get your way again. Disgusted with all of you! #USAb4party #DoYourJob 75189 voter
Why don't you "narrow" the congressional investigations to an independent commission?
The only way the 9th circuit can ever be brought out of the #liberal abyss it is will require trashing this rule time is short 2018 mid term
You honestly think this hypocrisy is okay? You honestly want an unfit, unstable, illegimate "president" to fill judgships in this country?
GOP are using 45's stupidity to push through their agenda. Total hypocrisy and corruption. He's is on committee to destroy your healthcare.
Release trumps taxes to Mueller
Just another partisan power grab
Is there anything The GOP will not do.Your every taking the internet away from us
Every GOP member that voted Yes to take internet privacy rights away lined their pockets. Cornyn got $148,800. This guy is totally corrupt.
I don't recall the GOP "narrowing" when President Obama was appointing judges and the GOP obstructing. Hypocrites.
Seriously!! No bueno!!
.@JohnCornyn, traditions should be observed always, not when it's only convenient for you.
Ur proud of that ?  Look at the cabinet we have now .....your going to promote the same Crazy with our judges.... Again u just don't get it
Just one more example of the blatant ongoing violation of norms, traditions, and standards.
Not sure how you feel about this, but if your current actions are any indication, I'd bet that you support party over country, as usual.
Preach. That's what I have been calling out for days. Write and call his office. I'm sick of it. Party over country is a sham.
Remember what happened when the Senate decided to change a rule to benefit one side. They got changed for the other side, w/ bad intent.
WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO BEGIN TALKS OF CONDUCTING TOWN HALLS??
Are you a coward?  I think so...spout out this kind of thing and no town hall.
Why WAIT till the Next one JohnCornyn??? When are we(GOP) going to learn HOW to play OFFENSE?
This article points to incredible hypocrisy.Are you blind to this or just didn't read it?Or simply don't care?
All three I'm sure. And don't forget he's on the AHCA committee to destroy our healthcare. Watch this guy and pay attention.
GOP has bigger things to focus on right now, wouldn't you say? We all see the dumpster fire no matter how hard you ignore it.
The Blue slip is only ok when R use it and you blocked 17 of Obama http://picks.You  will do anything to stack the deck for the GOP
You only care about power. Not democracy. White male supremacy apparently
I can't believe you just posted a picture of yourself! I mean I'd be proud to be a senator too but that's a little too big for my britches.
"Republicans blocked 17 Obama nominees, including six nominees to circuit courts, using the blue-slip rule."
Seems you believe in ending obstructionist tactics when you aren't the ones using them. Undermines the argument somewhat.
What is a blue slip rule?
Google it then vote the GOP out. If you don't pay attention this hypocrisy gets re-elected over & over again.
