what else is the party whip going to say. Tick tock, John. Elections are coming.
Then an independent investigation shouldn't be a problem for you to support.  Why are you worried?  I vote in TX
how can we be at the end of the investigation is just beginning Party Loyalty
because CLAPPER KNOWS!
Evidence often requires an investigation. Lack of it does not exonerate POTUS. Not sure why you have gone full tilt for Trump.
He's getting "love" from somewhere, right?! I just don't understand it.
I see that you ignored Sally Yates' response to the same question...lol. Your integrity means shit, Cornyn.
is this why you don't care about your constituents? Bc you think GOP is locked?
It means they're stealing elections now, and the GOP knows it.

And that's why they aren't scared. https://twitter.com/AndreaChalupa/status/838628838397587456 …
we are being attacked daily - OUR FREE ELECTIONS - and you support the people who did it?
how much did your soul go for, John? Your party, you, are responsible for this. You own this.  @MeetThePress @NBCNews
His soul was free. As long as he comes out clean (and "elected") he gave it up.
Any other outdated "news" from 10 weeks ago? Hey the Cubs are undefeated!
What was in the 4 binders at CIA headquarters? Change your mind yet?
the Republican replacement of Obamacare is worse for the working people
the penalties would ensure people would not be able to pay their premiums and be insured back to insuranc
but it's okay cuz the 1% gets more tax breaks
Not what he said.
senate intel' comitee member usesTV to jusitfy no invstigtion & appointees should not be permitted to investigate their bosses.
not how I am reading
So currently no evidence. And also no evidence of wire tapping. You going to speak out against that? Or only where it serves u?
YET. An investigation will show there is, so how about let's have one before you draw your conclusion?
@CherylShuman @MeetThePress @NBCNews ughhh what are they looking @ ? I'm no expert and I can see it. Tax returns ? Follow $
"We did not include evidence in our report … that had anything, that had any reflection of collusion
between members of the Trump campaign…" he said, but added such evidence "could have unfolded or become available in the time since I left
the government."  Full disclosure was he said nothing in the report.  Not that there was nothing.  Try not to mislead Cornyn.
do you really think we believe you?
Amazing, Imagine That, so basically the MSM ha been misleading its readers?
sad, sad, sad.
How can you be so quick to defend unsubstantiated claims? Where will you be when it crashes down? We will remember!
you work for us here in Texas not for Putin, don't do his dirty work for him, you work for Texans and America
dont twist it, he said earlier this year not currently
"It is in everyone's interest to get to the bottom of all this."
@NBCNewsmust have an independent investigation. To many of trumps appointees having relation with Russians.
then #investigate, there's nothing to hide, right? review Session's testimony. We're not distracted
Clapper also said NO WIRETAPS and that Russia interfered.  Important pts, no?
Dude. You can't have it both ways: evidence of collusion therefore wiretap OR no evidence and no wiretap. Read what you retweet.
No evidence YET. Mr. Clapper said twice that it is in everyone's interest to get to the bottom of this.
so far. Hire an independent counsel. Russia. Be a Statesman not a partisan hack.
Investigation with Special Prosecutor not associated with Justice Dept. in best interest of U.S. and Republicans.
There is evidence, now, of contact between Russians and Trump's campaign and associates - Flynn resigned!
We need a special http://prosecutor.You  have showed time after time Party over country
Your guy is guilty and scrambling. There's the crime and the cover up. This administration will not complete term!
Sir...you are probably best at this point just not to say anything. Remember you can be replaced.
Honey, did you even watch this? Do you know how to understand words people say? This doesn't prove your point.
This could be over if @realDonaldTrump just asked Comey about it. There doesn't need to be an investigation.
Also 'No Evidence' of Obama bugging Trump Tower.
Fired up voters in TX will remember you when they help throw POTUS Pence out of White House in 2020.
Weren't  you just posting implying that Clapper is a liar?  You are stumbling around in a red cloud of narcissism
it's really sad we have voted you in the Senate this long.
Toe that party line. You used to be acceptable. That has definitely changed. Out in #2020
investigate to prove there's nothing to hide. #TownHall
independent investigation NOW. #resist
oh my gosh!  U all will go down as the dumbest Senate in history.  Independent investigation!!!!
John, are u having hearing problems now? You're not parsing it out correctly. He said Russians did interfere.
Independent prosecutor council required - NOW!
I'm done! If U continue to support this farce, there's no hope for U or us. U R un-FREAKIN'-believable! So wrong!
Do an investigation before trumpeting a conclusion. Read an article before posting a headline. Did you used to be an adult?
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION IMMEDIATELY
Stop being a beard for #45 when he lies and belittles the Office of the President.
There known unknowns and unknown unknowns here. 100 Rumsfelds agree.
You selectively edited the @MeetThePress @NBCNews article. Even if there was no evidence months ago, why not investigate now?
No evidence at the time he left govt. Why not have an independent investigation & find out what happened?
obama doj and clapper needs investigation for sedition, espionage, false testimony now.
Constitutional crisis = when there's no political will or framework to stop the acts of a mentally ill President.
Didn't need Clapper to tell us, but is this the truth or just another Clapper Lie?
Thanks, but we'll wait for independent investigation. #TXVoter78628
"It is in everyone's interest... to get to the bottom of this. It's such a distraction." - where is the investigation?
Sessions still lied to the Senate under oath. Doesn't that bother you?
the CIA FBI and many others disagree. Plenty of evidence. like w/ many things, youre picking & choosing what you want to be true
anonymous sources now saying top Republicans in Senate knew about FISA requests
Show us the FISA requests!
GREAT! Then there should be absolutely NO problem with an independent panel & special prosecutor checking it out!
The @GOP is CORRUPT. #trumprussia Investigate Pence, Kushners, Ryan, McConnell, Burr, Nunes #RESISTANCE 
Call @JohnCornyn to voice ur concerns and demand independent investigation. He never responds via Twitter. (202) 224-2934
as part of the corrupt establishment you are part of the coup d'etat.
GOP congress is wasting tax payer money to clean up after trump. Can't wait to vote you out
then why are the entire trump team lying about it? What are they covering up. You don't lie when you have nothing to hide.
.@JohnCornyn only hears what he wants which is why he ignores his constituents. We want #Trump #TaxReturns & independent prosecutor 
78727
Senator, which version of events do you want us to believe? No evidence (for a wiretap) or a wiretap? Both?
#IndependentInvestigation is necessary for our democracy
perhaps we should have a full investigation of this Russia stuff & stop tweeting this he said, she said & hearsay?
you are as guilty as trump, keep lying, be glad to see you convicted
"there wasn't evidence of collusion between Russia and Trump earlier this year" doesn't mean none exists now.
You need to pay better attention. This in no way exonerates those implicated. It also doesn't absolve your responsibility.
YOU are an enabler & personally responsible for the consequences of every lie Trump tells Cornyn
No evidence that Obama wiretapped Trump.
Now let's have Sessions resign.....quit deflecting!
BTW Why the hell are you defending him so adamantly? Is there something you need to hide as well?
So let's see his taxes! If there is nothing to hide because he and his cohorts are so squeaky clean, then
don't believe it !
Good for you. You found one of the few guys willing to follow @realDonaldTrump down the rabbit hole.
Now that you feel good you shouldn't object to an independent prosecutor.
you do realize this article is almost a YEAR old? No evidence at the time - back in March.
why not address the obvious issue: POTUS conspiracy tweets on Sat.  Step up & denounce or tell ur voters u believe Trump
again, you need to include the entire quote.  You're so deceptive.
got a case of selective hearing,  dear senator?
agree that investigation important so focus can shift back to issues
Senator, with all due respect, start listening to your constituents instead of trying to prove us wrong!

Total Diversion...  Wire taps, We were talking about Wire Taps
- based on comments starting at 2:40 mark it doesnt seem 2b as clear cut as u believe/heading portrays.
you didn't even read the blurb!--no "evidence of collusion between Russia and Trump earlier this year."
You do remember Clapper is a proven liar when testifying about surveillance right?
He lied to Congress.
you should know better... you're making an ass of yourself.
After reading up on Clapper I would believe nothing he says Obama is stilling him what to do and say
If you keep yourself hitched to that anvil, you're probably not going to like what happens when Trump kicks it over the cliff.
Fake Whatnow?
Then why have so many people associated with Trump lied about their contacts with Russia?
you are a traitor and should resign or be impeached! Vote this guy out of office!!!
The proof must come from an independent investigation. You'd know this if you held a #texastownhall #resist #persist #hearourvoice
he would never do such a thing because he is a coward
And what do you have to say about Trump's latest very serious allegations?  You have to stop sitting on fence.
I often wonder if you actually watch or read what you post.
He said no evidence of collusion at the time of his report, he didn't say there was no evidence of collusion now.
He also says it is still in the best interest to get to the bottom of it.  For everyone.  Sessions lied.  Why?
then why the lies?
Time to replace the "Obamaites" with conservatives willing to work!
And I'M YOUR CONSTITUENT.  I sent you there because I trust you.  You're doing A GREAT JOB.
In terms of election meddling? But what of racketeering, bribery, money laundering? No? Well, what about now?
But see... the left REJECTS this part of the interview.  It's funny how this works.
How can there be "no evidence" without a full and independent investigation? Keep shoveling that  John.
No evidence of collusion.....earlier this year. Doesn't mean new evidence hasn't been found
riiiiight. And you're not at all biased in favor of reading it that way either. Riiiight.
why does Trump team repeatedly lie about their interactions? Your constituents are paying attention.
Your constituents want an investigation. Will you choose your party over them?
Uh, right. He thinks he's 100% backed by his constituents. Maybe in Russia polls...
dont distract-- sessions lied under oath and you know it. You are colluding with liars. Concerning.
No evidence OF COLLUSION that DNI can share in interview.  That is why we want an investigation.  Do your job.
Where can I find a copy of the written report on the investigation?
Let's focus on what's important. Jeff Sessions lied under oath. He should resign.
