Most Republicans would disagree. We can stick out tongues at each other or figure out how to move forward. @JohnCornyn
"Resistance" That is not moving forward w the duly elected President.
Look at state by state popular vote. Due to CA law, no way of knowing 3M ILLEGAL votes. See Federalist 68 for y we have EC
Don't read Infowars. Reviewed CA law. U must be deaf, dumb & blind not to see the environment created allowing illegals to vote
seemed to work well for #republicans under 44, didn't hear you crying foul then #wehaveeyes #resist #ResistTrump #liar
No one should be opposing for the sake of it. If it is wrong or done in a sloppy way or not thought through then people need to
most voters also agree that it's bad for America to continue deregulating for the Koch brothers
Are you serious?  Merrick Garland?
if a friend or son of yours behaved Iike Trump what would you say to them? Would you pretend they were fine?
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL say the most obstructionist legislators ever. #resist
how about Republicans that are silent while he makes idiotic inflammatory statements
I speak in opposition to an unhinged President. You and your party need to stand up to him!
hahaha NO. Who is running your Social Media? I honestly need to know
I hope Ds continue to oppose everything Trump does. He's BAD for America!
It wasn't bad for R party to oppose everything Obama did, at least not yet but you're getting there with ACA.
most voters felt it was bad when your party shut down government, obstructed everything, and refused Garland.  You built this
but it was kkk for Republican Party to stonewall Obama? We see through you.
I can promise you we won't stop anyway. And you and your friends are going down too. Enjoy your waning political career.
2018 is coming up next! There is a need to BLOCK Trump with a Femicratic or Independent congress.
but it was a okay when R-party did it? Hypocrisy!
Hmm. 2009 rings a bell. But who's counting.
Way to effectively source that info, sir.
@tedcruz Texans remember this: TX politics is as simple as ABC - Anyone But Cornyn/Cruz is good with me. #TownHall in #texas now
Apparently you're not very picky about those you support.  Sorry dude.  I'm praying for you.
You keep trying to normalize the situation so you can carry on, but it gets harder to do so by the day. We are talking treason.
& @tedcruz have both lost my confidence and my vote. They play nothing but partisan politics.
- not just Dems in opposition. It's indies and Repubs too.  Keep aligning yourself with him and watch your career crumble.
yeah, we voters said SAME THING for past 8 years of GOP obstruction of Obama admin.  8 YEARS
seriously senator...I believe that was the stated goal of congressional republicans the day Obama took office.
huh... like when Republicans opposed everything President Obama did.
it seemed to work for Pubs.
Cite pls.
Why wasn't it bad for America when Republicans were doing it? Double standards! #NotMySenatorForLong
Fake news! Where's the proof of that poll? Link? Sources? Pay to play old man
Poll: most Americans agree we should have common sense gun control laws and background checks.
I believe it is more detrimental for the GOP to continue to defend a man that refuses to follow their agenda. #fightback
Repubs opposed everything Obama tried to accomplish. He still did a huge amount of good, way more in his 1st month than Chump
Liberty loving Americans don't support policies that undermine republican ideals and democratic process
Except for the stuff he does that's bad for America.
if you don't get the entire FOH
BS! Just the opposite, repukesnever do anything good for America
I find it hard to take your comment seriously after the Republicans wouldn't work with Dems. to fill the Supreme Court slot.
but yet they reward the GOP for doing exactly that.
SO THE WORST THING WE CAN GIVE THEM IS ATTENTION! We know their game, WHY are we playing it with them.?Treat like TERRIBLE TWOS!
"most voters"? What % is that & were is the poll? Most voters also agree Russian election tampering is SERIOUS! #INVESTIGATE
source?
opposition is necessary. Your plans for our country are anti-American. Where are your values? Do you have a moral compass?
which voters are these? the tiny rallies of the stupid that can't think their way around conspiracy theories?
you are making all of us Texans look bad
oh, you like polls now? Majority of your constituents want a #townhall. And Americans want to keep the ACA. And the EPA....
Same result the polls delivered about Republicans obstruction, that changed what? Don't pretend the voice of the people matters!
No sir! Most voters agree there should b an independent investigation into Russian ties.
Worry about yourself, your concern trolling is unwanted
Are you listening to your constituents? No, I don't think so.
you mean like you guys did with Obama for eight years?
- just taking cues from the GOP's playbook.
Agree with him(Trump) or not he is out president! Criticism is fine but hate and slander is not.
People like you are great examples of why we need term limits in the house and senate.
you mean most Trump voters which was not the popular vote. were was your outrage when the GOP blocked all Obama wanted to do?
most republicans maybe
if you continue to put party over Country you will get a clear picture of what voters agree on. Hint: it won't be ur reelection
now that's a new thought? Like The Republicans opposed everything President Obama did??
Most voters agree its Bad for America if GOP continues to ignore Trump's ties to Putin.
you repost this phrase often, as though it is going to make everyone suddenly start accepting the POTUS actions. ??
1) ANYTIME partisan bs gets in the way it is bad for US - ur preaching to choir. But YOU helped lead Party of NO and obstructed
2) 44th at a time OUR country was on brink of financial collapse. U throwing stones at Dems for taking exception to someone
. Could you please give proof of this poll, or did you just make it up?
kinda like when it was bad for everyone when the Republicans did that to Obama.
which poll? One like the ridiculous leading question one I got recently about the media & The Donald? All should resist wrong!
POTUS has got this he knows what he is doing .. draining the swamp ain't pretty or for the faint of heart ...love my President
But the Republicans opposed everything Pres Obama did for 8 years. You are too smart to say something so hypocritical.
I believe most of you have staff read tweets and only show the favorable ones,just likeTrump's
was it bad for America when McConnell told all republicans "we oppose Every thing Obama does ?" Double standard.On tape.
That means ALL REPUBLICANS need to BACK EVERYTHING.  BUILD THE WHOLE WALL.  PISSED TEXAN!
Most voters agree that Trump is bad for America !
most ppl think the GOP started it...#sad #totalhypocrisy #totalconjob #totalBS
you loose credibility daily by continuing to support Sessions and now Trump. Trump is not stable&it shows dramaticly
You will be the one that decides your fate. You need to choose wisely & do so for the good of all. You are expendable
instead of parroting polls why don't you actually interact with your constituents.
you suck & trump sucks
... not really!! Your policies are ancient and old, and don't work!
what poll?  Citation, please.
you didn't seem to worry about the effect republican obstruction had on the country by opposing pres. Obama hypocrite.
Source? Also, couldn't you say the same thing about what the Republicans did to former President Obama?
All I can say is wait for the 2018 mid-terms to see if you're wrong. Or, give us something we can agree on.
That is so hypocritical! Need I remind you of Merrick Garland? Gun control legislation? Which poll are you referring to?
kind of like it was bad for America how Rs opposed everything Obama did?
.@JohnCornyn it's terrible when you actually have to govern, and you've run out of excuses why you can't. #doyourjob
.@JohnCornyn Your party controls the House and Senate. How are Ds "opposing" stopping anything? It isn't
Poll:  Most voters disagree with you
NO they don't, quit LYING!
Why? You opposed everything Obama wanted to do including failing to consider a Supreme Court nominee. The difference?
I will make sure this great American mistake becomes the embarrassing footnote to our history that it deserves to be.
it's bad for America for Trump to continue to do what Trump does. Bad for you to defend him. You're smarter than that.
I haven't opposed everything he has done, just the really awful stuff that runs counter to American and/or Constitutional values
"I find it unreasonable for them to expect from me what they were entirely unwilling to give."
Why did you and your republicans oppose Obama for 8 yrs? You forgot about that? I didn't. I can't believe the hypocrisy.
We want an EPA, women's rights, ACA, a non-Russian-colluding, paranoid 7 year old in a 70 year old's body 4 R President! #resist
It's bad for America for Trump to continually violate our Constitution.
It's bad for America that he has to blame Obama and Clinton for his failures. That the republicans won't stand up
Where's the cite to the poll?  Oh, there's not one.
thought it was great for the GOP if they opposed everything Obama did.
Hypocrite much?
Too afraid to meet with voters.
was that a poll from the Hill, Breitbart, or Fox News?
How many Texans want to meet you in a town hall?
But this is exactly what you and Republicans did for eight years.  Now democrats have reason to obstruct to save the country.
I don't know who you are talking to, but most people I know want Ds to resist as Trump is bad news
You are so funy. That is exactly what the Republicans did to Obama., Get real!
Buckle up buttercup. Texan Democrats are working hard against you & Trump. #HearOurVoice
Most thinking people agree that you're in bed with the gun lobby, because they pay you.
wow, John. Nothing gets past you.
MERRICK GARLAND
So far, everything 45 has done IS bad 4 country, so I'm good w/ opposing it. Why do u hate America?
I'm standing behind those resisting. Why don't you try listening to all of us?
No
Would love to see methodology on that. Also would love a town hall.
At this point, @GOP that continue to blindly follow with Trump's nonsense are most likely complicit. You will be voted out.
DUH
Investigate Russia-gate!! The American people deserve the truth.  Republicans need to put this county first!
so maybe we need to get bat crap crazy trumpet out of the white. house.  he mentioned a job opening at the apprentice ..
I am tired of Republican majority in Texas.  Our state needs to try being Democratic now!
I don't think you know or care what most Americans want or what most Texans want.  If you did, you would investigate Trump!
why don't you meet with your constituents and will explain this to you. Guess you prefer spending your last term tweeting
the way ot was bad for America for you and the Rs to do that very same thing to Obama? Wonder where they got it.
Most voters didn't choose Trump and think the majority of his actions are unconstitutional and cruel.
where is the evidence?Every poll says differently. Shocking that R's are unconcerned about the future of our country & planet.
Nope. We need you to take a look at what he's doing and consider if it's good for America.  Stop saying yes to everything.
Delusional Traitor Trump allies you're day of reckoning coming soon 
just bc you say "Poll" in front of it doesn't mean it's true. Pls stop tweeting arrogant statements and meet with constituents
I disagree.  I support both Ds and Rs who want independent investigation into DJT's Russia connection.
John,did u & all the other Republicans do this 2 Obama for 8 yrs? Now,the shoe is on the other foot. Obama just went around u !
@85thLegislature That didn't keep republicans from opposing Obama on everything
most voters want their congressman to answer their phone and hear what they have to say
Your hypocrisy is boundless
What do the polls says on Trump/Russia? Yet you choose to ignore them.

http://www.businessinsider.com/poll-trump-russia-congress-investigation-2017-2 …

https://www.wsj.com/articles/concern-rises-over-trumps-russia-ties-wsj-nbc-news-poll-says-1487973641 …
would love a town hall to discuss your poll! If you continue to back every bad idea of DJT, it will be bad for your re-election
these voters don't agree! In the rain at the @DFWIndivisible rally for Texas. We oppose policies/president bad for America!
What do the polls says on Trump/Russia? Yet you choose to ignore them.

http://aol.it/2kKXzVb 

http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/first-read/majority-americans-say-congress-should-probe-contact-between-trump-russia-n725391 …
these voters don't agree! Ellis County at the @DFWIndivisible rally for Texas. We oppose policies/president bad for America!
its bad for America to have handed the highest office to a Russian spy. Funny how that doesn't seem to bother you at all.
What do the polls say on Trump/Russia? Yet you choose to ignore them.

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/americans-congress-probe-donald-trump-us-president-russia-poll-a7598916.html …

http://politi.co/2lFm2H4 
your party did exact same thing with Obama and he wasn't a pathetic liar like Trump
sad that your pathetic self believes his lies.
.@JohnCornyn Screen shots of your tweets during these times are going to be your worst nightmare come 2020. Good luck w/that. I'm done w/u.
Most voters agree @JohnCornyn should answer his phone. {(The Kremlin doesn't count.)
Oh John, like it was bad for the Republicans? You have both House and Senate. Years of whining, no health bill. That's just dumb
"most voters agree" is the same rhetorical device that Faux news uses in "some people say..." We're not idiots.  Trump 
The pot calls the kettle Thelma...
GOP sounds like Clayton Williams "lay back and enjoy it"-is that what y'all mean to sound like? @indivisibleATX #resist
was the poll conducted by Fox News, brietbart or Russia? #RESISTANCE #resist @TX10Indivisible @indivisibleATX @ACLUTx
Oh the irony.
it was bad for america for 8 years when you opposed Obama on EVERYTHING.  Sux, eh?
And no one voted for President Steve Bannon. Give us a break
I think there's more to that poll question. Dont want D's 2 oppose EVERY thing. DO want ALL congress 2 oppose MOST things
Many also agree Trump's passive/aggressive instability is bad 4 America. What r u going to do about that?
If you're going to proceed on the basis of polls since the inauguration, you're going to find yourself in a world of butthurt.
fake news
most Americans agree it's bad not to pursue this Russia investigation.
Got the link?  If not, GTFO
Wrong. #LastTerm
so why dont we see more push back from rep's, cant we be just as loud, mean, and strong as they are
You seem to be in a state of denial regarding Russian interference in our democracy, racist and discriminatory actions,   etc
same results when voters polled about R opposing everything Obama did. Didn't stop R's
most voters also say you shouldn't support everything he does just because he's in your party.
when he proposes something we agree with, we'll support it. I.e. We supported him when he told Senate not to cxl ethics
like when you opposed everything Obama did? Really. Bad for America then?
Why are you even asking? I don't think you care what the people think.
"Most voters"?? What poll? GOP opposed Obama day 1.Only GOP goal:obstruction. Now GOP whining because Dems doing same.
Your source for 'most voters' data? Or just wishful thinking for you. We are not going away, but would love to talk at town hall
, Poll: (aka election) most Americans voted for @HillaryClinton too. Didn't know you were such a fan of the "majority" opinion.
well, senator. When trump stops destroying everything, we will stop opposing him!!!!
source?
since when did you put country over party?  Are we doing tax returns now then?  Stop ACA repeal?  Winter is coming, John.  2020.
.@JohnCornyn Could you please link to this poll, so people other than yourself are allowed to view the data?
.@JohnCornyn If you are now decrying obstructionism, sir, that is either the height of hypocrisy or the height of ignorance.
And if Rs continue to support everything he does? Also, please provide source.
you mean like as bad as Republican obstruction has been for the past 8 years?
lol, Senator Cornyn. was another 4 years after the last 8?
Look in a mirror for the word hypocrite.
Which voters are we talking about; the fraudulent ones? Which poll are we talking about? A "fake news" poll, right? @JohnCornyn #hypocrisy
So you post shit like this to reach across the isle to get "Ds" to work with "Rs"?TX won't reelect one who puts party b4 country
turn about is fair play
I don't recall you opposing the government lockdown because of opposition. Both parties should work together
Most voters find it reprehensible that you vowed obstructionism  from the 1st day of Obama's first term.
poll: Most voters ( not electorate) think you place party over country.
ACA is not a disaster for my adult son with Autism. Without it is a disaster.
