Passing POTUS's legislative agenda requires a team effort .  No one is more qualified than Mitch McConnell to lead Senate in that effort.
Franklin spoke for 'all' the colonists; not just the privileged few. Get real!
You support Trump who brought Nazis INTO THE WH. Any comment on #Charlottesville? Or do you support Nazis too? The whole world is watching.
Granny, the only Nazi I see with power in the Whitehouse is GEORGE SOROS!!! OBAMA'S MENTOR!!
Huh. Trump hired George Soros? When did that happen, Comrade?
You are uniting to advance the agenda of a white supremacist and a traitor.
I do not support raising the debt ceiling. Think about those who will follow us. Reformation is a must #Fightforliberty
Any thoughts about Charlottesville? Or are you just going to keep brown-nosing McConnell? Represent Texas, not Trump.
I expect a Balanced Budget Amendment. And don't raise the Debt Ceiling!
...and establishment RINOs are hanging all of us. Time to drain the swamp and elect America-first non-politicians who will get the job done.
We just had a domestic terrorist attack today, yesterday it was DT threatening nuclear war with NK. Your job is to protect us.
You have all lied for 7 yrs.   Time to replace every one of you.
Ben said it ALL(DT might keep it handy)
Another missed opportunity.EASY redemption.To rebuke WS,kkk,nazi's,would've drawn easy Bi-Part apprv
I would argue that -in the internet age- evil flourishes when it's watered and dies when it's ignored.
All Republicans re-election is tied to passing the Trump agenda. Please unite the party & pass the Trump legislation. Failure not an option.
I'm from Texas and have supported you in the past. I agree with President Trump that McConnell hasn't been affective leader. He'sAnti Trump
Raising the debt ceiling without significant spending reform is irresponsible. Please don't! #DebtAndBudget17 #FightForLiberty
So far Republicans have done nothing and it is frustrating.  You need to pass tax cuts and those cuts must be cuts for everyone.
We did not elect you to support Mitch McConell, we elected you to support our President and to repeal and replace the ACA. Do it!
Rep. voters are smart they will throw out any elected official who sabotages the @POTUS agenda or ignores the promises the made to voters.
Nazis will demonstrate in Texas next month. What will you do? http://www.thebatt.com/news/white-nationalists-to-protest-at-texas-a-m-on/article_807a53e4-7f87-11e7-8dab-af12a6146408.html … POTUS doesn't condemn them. You've been silent here.
We people voted for Trump to get things done. You had 7-1/2 years to write alternative to obamacare. You lied to us. We are sick of it.
Walk across the aisle once in a while.
Tell that to your Liberal friends
Senator Cornyn, I've supported you for years but now it seems that you're part of the problem instead of the solution! Maybe you need to go.
It's just that more than half of America disagrees with your misguided agenda that you are trying to shove down our throats. Stop and listen
No, you are elected to hang together with your electorate and Mitch isot doing that. Time for youth to go in your next primary.
That's a bit of collective aggrandizement, Senator.  You sir, are no Ben Franklin.
I dare you say that to @realDonaldTrump in his face...or is that political suicide for you?
Take a lesson in courage from @JeffFlake
No sir Senator...Mitch McConnell and McCain need to leave the senate along with all the RINOS in the senate. I voted for you but not again.
Cornyn has to be defeated in the primary. If he makes it to the general election again, all is lost. He's no better than any democrat.
Sick of your elitist crap, people are hurting and you people don't care you just want your power.
Yes, YOU & all your cowardly collaborators in the GOP should ALL hang together!
Congress failed to keep their 7 yr promise. If McConnell is our savior we are screwed until we die and none of you give a rats ass about it.
So do you hang with white nationalists or do you condemn their terrorism?
Hey John. Waiting for you to say there's no room for white supremacist terrorists in the #GOP. #waiting #youcoward
U support Trump Who unearthed the Nazis and the KKK and made them think this was their country.blood on your hands too! 3 died tonight!
Why are you supporting Mitch McConnell rather than the President. His agenda will get you reelected not old, worn out McConnell.
No one voted for Trump for unity.  Today he emboldened White Supremacists to promote fear and intimidation. His words today meant nothing.
Mr. Cornyn, you've had 7 YEARS to repeal and replace. Stop making excuses. If you can't do it, then resign. Stop blaming Trump.
The senate seems to forget that the taxpayer pays their salary.
denounce the white supremacist terrorist attack at #Charlottesville. Dont you care about that?
R U going 2 continue 2 support @POTUS as he emboldens White Supremacists? R U going 2 take a stand or will racism & $ win again?
Condemn the Nazis and alt right.
Please, make a public statement that you are opposed to white nationalism & the domestic terrorism we saw today.
#charlottesville
POC hung separately for decades, stand up against KKK, Nazis, and white supremacist who killed people in Virginia today.
Will you remain silent in the face of white nationalist violence, Senator Cornyn? We used to "hang together" against Nazi resurrection.
Are you and Repubs. going to stand up to Trump and Bannon and all the white supremist?  We are watching your inactions AGAIN! Disgraceful!
Where is your statement on the white nationalist terrorists?   Are you hanging with them now?
I don't remember that being your mantra when you opposed EVERYTHING President Obama did for 8 years. The republican party should hang itself
Anything to say about #Charolettesville and the white supremacist violence?
#Charlotteville why so quite on the subject? You uniting with Trump now on not calling out the Nazis
Come on John, McConnell is a hateful evil racist old nan.He shd of been nicer to President Obama.Karma is a bitch.
Happy with what you're seeing in Charlottesville, John? Strange to be so silent when you tweet so often regarding other topics.
waiting for your condemnation of #Charlottesville or are you a #nazi too?
The problem is you always hang with the wrong people! You weren't elected to be a failure but you achieve at that.
Your days are numbered unless you listen to the people you freaken RINO
If you can't say something nice, don't say anything at all.
Guy with self-proclaimed "best words" fails again in real negotiations.
BREAKING: China Says It Will Stay Neutral If US Acts in Self-Defense Following DPRK First Strike, Will Go to War With US If US Strikes First 
How was the rally ? Or are you planning to attend one here in Texas ? #KKK
. @johncornyn Your comments on the White Supremacist march in Charlottesville sir?
I like turtles much more than white nationalists.  #NotMyPresident #RealGOP
You only have agenda: the Koch agenda. The fact you're willing to stand behind DT accomplish your goals is disgusting. #worstsenatorinusa
I voted for you in your past 2 elections, but that is all over now. You have lost all support from conservative republicans in Etx. Liar!!!
As a Texas senator who has refused to vote for the choices/needs of your voters, you will hang with @Ted Cruz & with or without @SenMajLdr
Quoting someone who accomplished something will not complete your task. Get it together and work for the American people LIKE YOU PROMISED!
Support our president or step down. Washington corruption has been exposed your on the wrong side.
Term limits is all I can say, life timers get nothing accomplished worth a crap.
Taxation Without Representation, you remember that? That's what we are getting and we are tired of it
You don't get it, we know what's going on and we support Trump not you lazy frauds in government.
Your team effort is garbage,if you were a team Obamacare would be dead!Youre frauds and we will vote you all out until we get representation
You all spend your terms campaigning,collecting campaign money's doing nothing,you had 7 years to get a bill ready and you had nothing.
Just because he's been there forever doesn't make him qualified.Someone that's qualified gets things done,u people get nothing accomplished
Sir, no disrespect, but you need to stand up for the people who put you in office, who DESPERATELY need affordable, quality health care.
@SenateMajorityL didn't put you in office; you don't work for him; so remember who you should be "hanging" with. #WeThePeople #Texas
As my father said, never argue with an idiot they will beat you with experience every time . And you sir are that I...
How does all this apply when you have a Gomer president!
Winner,winner,chicken dinner! Hanging seperately it is! Hope it was worth it.
Personally I'm just waiting to see you hang period. How much Russian $$$$$$ did you take John?
Fix this...
You're supposed to be on my team but do
 NOTHING but take your salaries, illegal insurance, Lobbyist Money and 13 weeks vacation a year.
But hang you shall.
Look, the GOP base are rallying. Why aren't you with your peeps John?
#Charlottesville 9:56pm  CHANTS: "One people, one nation, end immigration" & "blood and soil" 
Oh look, the GOP base. Such good Christians.
HonSen/s all : v.experienced-hard working.Prez desp.&pushy.Time for Congress supp-speakup on China power  grab S China Sea& cheapbuyup SAsia
And Bannon would love to see you all hanged..
We need to vote out all estab repubs and quit believing when yal campaign/run like a #TeaParty candidate 

example: bitter @SenJohnMcCain
I don't think McC getting the job done. We the people voted for Trump to get things done. We need to see support. Get it done!  Tx Dist 1
It's 25th amendment time. Did your hear the phone call with Gov. of Guam? Tourism, seriously? He is not fit to be President. Do something.
Do your job as a member of the Judiciary Committee. #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNow
Either is fine with me.
If u let this jackass Trump drag us into war either in NK or Venezuela u best believe u will hang. Separate or together who cares. Just hang
You hung us all out to dry. Endorsed a sociopath, stole our privacy, tried to steal our healthcare, let Russia hack our election.
The defense of a scoundrel You all need to go
You and @SenateMajLdr are not acting like patriots, you two are more like part of the loyalist crowd during our 1st revolution.
Wrong! McConnell is subverting the President.  If you Support him, you are too.  Be real.  He couldn't or didn't want to reel in McCain.
Vote this guy out Texas!
Your a damn RINO
A pretty sad commentary on Republican senators if McConnell is the best they have to lead them.  One SC justice = 7 months of work. Really?
I get the impression we are hanging separately. I don't see the Senate Republicans upholding the Platform or keeping campaign promises.
this is a joke right?
You own this entire mess when you jumped on the bandwagon, senator. YOU created this Frankenstein when you placed party over country. YOU.
inadvertently appropriate - I wonder how history will portray whats happening with POTUS and his supporters, be fun to find out
When R Senate Republicans going to do anything that counts?We finally gave U a majority & you all doublecross voters & Trump.
Separately it is. U & Trump together, separate from the real Americans.U know, the ones who don't collude w Russians & launder their $$$$$$$
As long as "together" includes only Republicans. Can't wait for America to render its opinion in 2018 on GOPs myopic/divisive philosophies.
And why would you want to be put into a situation like that to begin with?  A better course would be to separate from the madman in the WH
Treasonous traitors can and should hang- period.
Right now the @GOP is hanging itself individually.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP @JohnCornyn @tedcruz @RepKevinBrady @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @POTUS Let's go for that together option
as long as you all "hang", who cares?! 2018 is coming for Republicans!
Not according to your beloved trump 
Can't you see what Trump is made of? He'd ditch Melania in a minute if it promoted his self image.
And we expect that the ESTABLISHMENT will hang togather. I hope you don't get all caught up in the Dark Side shenanigans and swing.
All you care about is getting reelected. Mcconnell has done nothing but make excuses. You've been on more sides than McCain
As a former Republican, I can say that John has lost his love for America and democracy. He was, past tense, a man of honor. He lost path.
Together please. That would make our lives better in an instant.
With all due respect process over progress seems to be the manisfestio in the Senate. Pose. Posture. Pretend.
So you think it's okay to abandon Texans and the AMERICAN PEOPLE on what you professed to get elected and GOP Leadership 200 day plan. FAIL
SAD state of affairs that we have SWAMP RATS like you who are so CORRUPT that you think lieing is okay. You'd be FRAGGED in Vietnam, RESIGN!
Or you could be for the betterment of the country and not play nursemaid to a narcissist.
If none is more qualified than Mc & he couldn't do in in 7-yrs, you should all  resign Try as U can, if U can't think of 1 other, go home
Sounds like you plan to hang with 45, even if he colluded with Russia?  Starts a nuclear war?
As a Tx Rep voter I am not happy with lack of support for our President.  Learn from the Dems on this one.
Spell much? 
"They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety."
- B. Franklin
This is a disaster and you know it. Do your job! 75248
Of course, Ben Franklin never worked with Donald Trump.
Only a fool would give credit to a "leader" for a resounding defeat. Oh, a fool or a RINO Republican. #DrainTheSwamp
McConnell failed to deliver. Senators better start getting something done for the people. Elections are payback. The people expect results.
I guess we have found another R Senator @JohnCornyn that is supporting retaining the swamp.. @POTUS @SenateGOP
He also valued liberty but that seems lost on you guys #stupidshitgopsays
You first.
Yes he does!
Especially civ. servs. bought off w/ Rus. $ & neutered by compromat?
You need to be sticking with your constituents, not McConnell. Get it together guys or we will vote you out! #RepealObamaCare
Says the guy with a 27% approval rating, if that. Here's an idea get your job done do what the American people want.
We can hang together, just without you failed leaders and Progressive Republicans.
Can I send you my health care bills?
You need to hang together and get tougher!
Then Sen McConnell had best get moving, stop whining.  7 years to repeal/ replace ACA is enough time.
You're just hanging yourself! You'll be out next.
What the heck are u doing to deal with our Unhinged Nightmare in the WH
So you defend do nothing Senator McConnell but closed mouth when your President needs your support. Back him on North Korea.
I don't care who's leading.. just get something done already. We are dying out here and no one cares. Too busy on vacation.
May your agenda never see the light of day and may your hideous "president" spend the rest of his days in jail.
Yes hanging with President Trump
YOU and McConnell go OUT OF YOUR WAY to defy 65 MIL Americans. YOU protect power over caring for constituents. See you at the ballot box
Stop posturing.....get to work and do what the people of Texas expect you to do!  You are another RINO that will be gone come next election.
Are you implying that members of the @GOP are doing something currently illicit under existing laws and thus need to stick together? Unclear
As Lincoln said...
And Jefferson...
I am bitterly disappointed and outraged that the Senate is not performing proper oversight of a clearly deranged president.
Tell Trump that. Or are you afraid.  And that means democrats
Lets hope there is no team. Cornyn works to harm America. He wants ppl to suffer without health care, lowering wages, cutting off support
You are going to hang separately either way.
I knew Benjamin Franklin, you're no Benjamin Franklin
Don't worry you will all hang together.
Your support of McConnel is honorable between the two of you but very stupid in the view of your #TEXAS voters! 7 yrs of Repeal and Replace!
So now you're looking up team quotes?! Where was this when u were deciding to destroy healthcare? #cornygoals#justme#team
Listen to your constituents- ditch Mitch!
you have chosen a corrupt administration to align yourself with
standing up alone is an act of great courage John. Did you not learn that in school ? or are you, as your tweet implies, just a coward ?
And P.S. I am never visiting your State of Texas again in my lifetime. A woman's right to choose is not up for negotiation. #NoTexas @PPact
You're only for Trump's agenda because you're up for election. After the election if we don't get rid of you you'll be back to being a rino
Now stand together as Senators, stand up for the United States Constitution for once, and IMPEACH THIS PRESIDENT. #TrumpRussia #Impeach45
Fine.  Hang separately or alone.  Just hang.  And ASAP would be great.
Was this quote from Texas's senior U.S. Senator a response to 2008 election, in support of then-President Elect @Barack Obama?
We missed it.
What a bizarre way to use a quote about national unity.  You really stink at this.
He was about to commit treason
Famous atheist & liberal, Ben was
