But Comey indeed was not - e.g. preparing memo to specifically leak details to press at some convenient later date. Corrupt Deep State.
As a private citizen, he can talk about anything that isnt classified.
Those leaked memos were before firing...not private citizen yet
No they weren't. That is false. You are lying or ignorant
It’s not about WHEN the memo was written (“as a private citizen”); it about WHAT was in it about confidential period conversations
Confidential is not the same as classified. Comey, as a private citizen, can share any info that isnt classified. Ur argument holds no water
"Confidential" is a security classification; "classified" is not.
Trump didnt invoke any privilege on the memos. He can't just retroactively assign any classification to them.
So does this make Trump a God Father mafia boss...geezus!!!!  Cornyn makes it harder and harder to support him.
Wow the FBI Director felt uncomfortable telling the @POTUS  he would give him Honest Loyalty.. But would change narratives for Loretta Lynch
DC swamp seems to be in panic mode...wonder if something bigger is brewing behind the scenes?
Comey leaked nothing.
Comey quite literally said that he provided his notes to be leaked
Comey's comments were provided to counter what Trump was saying took place in the meeting.
They also were not classified.  no leak.
The memos were government property that was part of a investigation and leaked
Not the memos, but his observations from the memos. And Trump was not under investigation, remember?
Trump wasnt...but there was a ongoing investigation into the Russians including mike Flynn, which was part of the memo

Kasowitz: POTUS "never told Mr. Comey, 'I need loyalty, I expect loyalty.' He never said it in form, he never said it in substance"
Not at all surprised that this was your one big takeaway, John. I, as your constituent, need loyalty. I expect loyalty. Will you give it?
After Comey actions duing the Presidental campaign , why would not the President ask for honesty and loyalty. He can't be trusted.
Can't parse these two sentences.  You appear to have swallowed breitbart and infowars hook, line and sinker.
Trump can't release any tapes because he's afraid. Comey said, release them all!
@ChrisCuomo From my vantage point I C GOP not wanting 2 loose Power ready 2   B blind 2 facts Tell Prez 2 Proove he can achieve projects
Love that we spent more time talking about HRC emails than trumps issues. So fkn happy to be moving out of Texas.
Bye traitors and don't come back when you realize where the best housing to economy ratio is
Comey said he would always be honest, and was compelled to document his meetings with 45. No one should swear loyalty to their employers.
He was talking about loyalty to the office and truth..not Trump personally
That's all you got from this? #sad #notmysenator #retirealready #embarassmenttotexas
Texas hasn't had a senator worth a damn since the great Lloyd Bentsen.
And Governor since Ann Richards.  I would take Kay Bailey back in a heartbeat!
One of the few relevant things Cornyn actually asked
Comey, willingly,purposely, knowingly n intentionly leaked notes. His integrity n rep in the toilet. Also Sen Warner
How could anyone who knows what JEHoover did w/ secret files approve Comey' S notes. Leak note caused Sp Prosecutor
Well he certainly declared loyalty to his former boss plus
Show the entire set of questions and answers about this   You won't.  Misleading Again.
He's a Obama leftover... I would want honest loyalty to if I was President Trump!
Nice twist of the intent, but I would expect no less from Fox, the televised National Enquirer
When will you @JohnCornyn and @GOP stand up for our country? 45 is a disgrace & danger. Do your jobs!!!!!!!
SEN.CORNYN UR GOOD!
Really?!? 11-6-20
@FBI agents do not take swear "loyalty" to a @POTUS....
Once again Cornyn embarrasses the great state if Texas by protecting the treasonous, unqualified oaf in office.
Is Cornyn also in league with the russians. Kinda looks that way. Change the focus. Move away from russia.  Kompromat?
So embarrassed by my Senator's performance today.  Spineless and unconcerned about constant questionable behavior by Trump and Trump Team.
Comey doesn't physiologically look real but look more like for vengeance for any means.
Pathetic attempt to distract fro Trump's team involved with Russia. He has orange all over his face, so to speak.
Country before party you hacks

Loyalty is loyalty! This man is a joke. Move on nothing to see here..
It's apparent that #Comey lied to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump about #HonestLoyalty.  @ussenate is a #CrockofShît & a #DISGRACE.
We are talking about the russia prove but you have to drop indirectly hrc emails. What a TOOL @JohnCornyn .
Before or after you asked a friend to leak info ?
The American people are educated & know all this Comey speak is just slander & corruption , the real guilty violators are given a free pass.
Also testified to Sen McCain that Trump pledged his loyalty to him, he's never disclosed that
He wasted an opportunity to truly get to the bottom of this.
As Comey proceeds along with his comments, are only personal assumptions, nothing here. Ridiculous.
So honesty was the only thing Trump was expecting from Comey!
They wouldn't pursue investigations due to his so called lack of evidence to Clinton but they are beating our president up with 0, less than
Comey just testified with Sen McCain that Trump in the same Dinner pledged his loyalty to him.. Comey has never said that
Middle America is really tired of this. Coney is the one who has not been loyal or honest to our constitution or justice.
The President isn't a politician / attorney, his language is the norm of businessman & people, absolutely diff than politicians & attorneys
So what? Of course any and all @POTUS should expect loyalty as in NO LEAKING!!!! WHAT ELSE MIGHT Comey LEAKED?????
Nothing wrong with that,it's what we need!
"Honest loyalty" means 'be loyal to me, and be honest with me.' It's Trump's way of saying 'the Constitution comes second after me.'
The quote should have been on if an FBI agent had a duty to report a crime and #JamesComey #having a duh moment since he has lied under oath
You won me my bet, John. Knew you wouldn't let me down. Political hackery. You really should ask not to follow Sen Harris. You pale in comp.
Was NOT the President right to request loyalty from an FBI director, that happens to admit to be a LEAKER? Trump was already suspecting him!
Any chance Trump asked for loyalty because he had a good idea where the leaks were coming from
For some reason, .@BretBaier and the men on his panel dismissed the woman panelist last night when she correctly made this exact point.
Troubling that Cronyn is okay w/ Trump wanting to stop investigation and supports a corrupt traitor who disclosed classified info to Russia
Who wrote your questions?  They suck, are totally off topic, and irrelevant.
And he has been honest. What's ur point morons??
@POTUS @DonaldJTrumpJr where was Comeys honesty months ago when he never revealed what Loretta lynch asked of him?

Comey admits he asked a friend to leak his conversation w/ Trump about Flynn to a reporter. A bombshell the sluggish Senators are ignoring.
Congressmen keep saying that Trump asked drop an investigation which is a lie. He hoped that they would let Flynn go. Meaning prosecution!
Was @JohnCornyn loyalty to uncovering the truth or playing politics?
THE OLD GUARD LOVES TO GRANDSTAND
BUT ALL LAWYERS DO IF THEY GET THE CHANCE. POLITICAL THEATER.
THEY NEED TO HAVE SHORTER TERMS.
I found this to be the most interesting part of that exchange. The two compromise on a principled standard of honest loyalty.
Comey is a snake
Being loyal has nothing to do with breaking the law. He agreed to be honest not break the law! Stupid Fox News!
🛇=?
Fired 4
Cause: Bias

If U were willing 2 extend Her every benefit of every doubt
Then why didnt U extend Him the exact same courtesy?
After July debacle, Comey's refusal to say POTUS was not under investigation & many FBI leaksPOTUS assurance Comey wasn't a political weapon
As a leader as a commander as an employer you have to question the honesty and loyalty of those around you at all times.
Since when did #Comey have the right to block a independent counsel into the Clinton email probe and the tarmac incident? #ComeyDay
"Look at me, I asked a question!!"
How are you tweeting at the same time as showing your ties to Trump/Russia?
The DBL standard Comey didn't use w/ Obama/Lynch/Clinton and did use with Trump is mind-numbingly overwhelming! ignored vs. created.
WTF. Why retweet this?
Ask Comey. "SINCE YOU WRITE MEMOS. WHERE IS MEMO ON BEING INSTRUCTED BY LYNCH TO "HANDLE" THE CLINTON INVESTIGATION YOURSELF???"
Comey just challenged Trump. He said if there's tapes of their conversations 2release them all. While Trump said, better not be any tapes.
Trump is a traitor
Well we now know how loyal this leaker is!! Did he just admit to a crime??
Cornyn is stuck on Hillary. No relevance at all. What a waste of a Senator.
Is that just like conscious uncoupling... 
Cornyn: All useless, pointless, feckless questions.
Honest loyalty is him promising to be honest
Now in this #Competition Era
#Leaders want make their country #Strong
Here is #Trump
Who want to sell the country to #Russians
=#FakeNews,not a shred of proof but even #ComeyHearing testifies theres nothing on #Trump;The only question=WHY u try to undermine the #USA?
Uh. Presidents don't DO that. It is illegal.
