Frequent GOP talking point in Senate hallways: +22M won't be "losing" health insurance, they'll be "choosing" to go without. https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/882923546305024002 …
Unless you're a senator forcing taxpayers to pay for your healthcare and salary. Fucking crook!
The BCRA has no virtue. It's not healthcare. It's a tax break 4 the very rich. The medicaid cuts puts the elderly poor out of nursing homes.
Math. Basic math. If the cost of insurance is greater than your income, it doesn't matter how much you value it.
And how would you suggest people choose between the things they value most such as a place to live vs health insurance; groceries vs...
Life-sustaining medications; basic transportation vs deductible/copays? These are not choices we should have to make. People are not...
Foregoing insurance or medical care because they're spending that money on sports cars, boats, and luxuries. They are simply trying...
To meet their immediate needs while still being able to preserve, maintain, & improve their health.
I live this everyday.  This is the truth.
Me, too... me, you, & 1000's of others.
Do you ever LISTEN to poor people? Or disabled people? Or anyone in need?
Sir, a native Texan & ur fan but concerned about Medicare cuts' impact upon elderly don't understand ur position
You think people are honestly going to choose to not have care seriously?
Yes, John. They will get to "choose" to value food on their kids table more than treatment for curable diseases! Great call
I value feeding my children and keeping a roof over their head and have had to make the choice to go without insurance to do so in the past
"... value AND CAN AFFORD"  you utter fool!

I guess you have the virtue of being either (a) stupid,  (b) having been bought or (c) both
No one could possibly be this out of touch with reality or tone deaf. What do you suggest people place less value on- food, shelter?
Are you ignorant that you don't realize there are ppl in this country making that choice daily?  Or just don't want to face it?
Said by guy who gets taxpayer paid healthcare. Folks can't buy what they can't afford no matter how much they value it.
you arent very bright and you cant do math let alone understand basic economics
If they can afford it.
People buy what they can afford. I don't know anyone who doesn't want useful, affordable healthcare options. Fix the ACA - don't pass AHCA.
Funny how you prefer 'choice' for certain things and not for others. #BRCA also defunds planned parenthood right? No 'choice' allowed there?
People can't buy what they can't afford.  Senator Twitter Troll #wealthcare
I value being alive, but I couldn't buy the >$600k in treatment that Medicaid spent to save me from leukemia. & now no insurer will either
Medicaid also paid for my BMT to fix leukemia- more like 1.5 million for me. If I needed another, I know it wouldn't be covered in new plan.
Yeah, I had a BMT in November, so far so good... I'm just estimating, that's based on the "this is not a bill" notices I got last year
Congrats- as you know an intense thing, but worth it. Cured my cancer, almost 9 years ago. 
So I'll be "choosing" to have food instead of health insurance when my employer drops our coverage because it's not mandated?
I'll be "choosing" to eat instead of pay outrageous prices because I'm a woman, and I've seen a counselor?
Is it my "choice" to pay my bills instead of the thousands of dollars MORE expensive my coverage will be because of my genetic condition?
Can you imagine being the apparatchik whose job is to make up this crap every day . . .
Half ppl being kicked off Medicaid not exchanges; Why stop here? Slash social sec so millions have "freedom" to go without food and shelter!
If i cant afford a yacht that doesnt mean i choose to go without a yacht.  Means i cant afford one.  Should not be acceptable w/ healthcare
Okay, let's work through this.

1. How much $ do people have left over after housing, clothing, and food?
Answer: it depends. Some have zero, or less than zero. Some have hundreds. Others--thousands. A lucky few have millions to spare.
We're not terribly worried about folks with millions, or hundreds of thousands. They can afford good care, and it's on them if they don't.
Even someone with thousands to spare- a child diagnosed with leukemia and lifetime caps put back in place...
Not unless they have enough money.  Money creates choices. Less money, fewer. How often have *you* had to choose meds & food?
America! Land of the free! Home of the sick! I would value a $1 million mansion if I could afford it too...JERK!
People value food and shelter too. It's not a choice if you have to sacrifice theses in order to obtain insurance.
These
With you age tax I will not be able to afford healthcare.But I get to pay for your wife and you to have to best healthcare.
support @COSProject & let's get amendments to constitution. #termLimits4Congress #balancedBudget congress on Medicare and social security
A Convention of States is going to do more sinister things than balance the budget or impose term limits on Congress.
What could right-wing extremist legislatures possibly want?
, people will only buy what they value if they can afford it.  That is an every day reality for tens of millions of Americans.
The BCRA will put us right back where we were before the ACA, but worse. People who can't afford insurance premiums will use ERs for care.
And that will further drive up the cost of healthcare in a vicious cycle. A real disaster looms on the horizon.
Choosing to either eat, pay rent, etc...rather than be healthy is not a choice-for many it is a death sentence. You really belong in hell.
And what they can afford. #Deplorable
I sure as hell value a vintage Ferrari Testarossa (est. value >$26m). But I haven't bought one. Any ideas as to why, economics genius?
Perfect response, paired with great taste in automobiles. #CornynMustGo
You are isolated in your elitist world, making decisions to further your own beliefs, not for the good of the ppl. None of this impacts you
You make it sound like ppl sit around with money in their pocket and refuse to buy insurance. You are too far removed from the common man
Health insurance is not a commodity, or consumer good. Nobody has the choice to avoid cancer/ disease. Healthcare is a necessity! #Heartless
People will buy what they want, not necessarily what they need.
You really are out of touch with reality!
Yes, they will ultimately value food and housing over health insurance!  Why make SO MANY have to make that choice?
GOP healthcare plan = Let's get millions to voluntarily give up healthcare so we can make America SICK again.  Nobody buys your lies anymore
This is the dumbest thing you've ever tweeted/retweeted. And that's saying something!  What about those starving kids "choosing" not to eat?
Ok, lets do math.  12 million insured by ACA.  22 million lose under GOP plan.  So 10 million are volunteering to give up coverage?  #Biglie
You are really a totally clueless and callous human being with no regard for human suffering. And you call yourself a Christian.
So even if they can't afford it they'll buy it. Come on man. At least treat people like they have good enough noses to smell rot..
Just wondering how many of your insurance industry friends will sell policies to people who can't afford it just because they value it,
You don't "choose" to not buy what you can't afford.
I agree like brand new expensive cars  iPhones etc. The problem  is that they don't value healthcare insurance enough to purchase it.
That's a very hurtful thing to say, Senator. If you don't have enough money & need medicine, shelter & food, which one do you 'value' more?
No bread? Let them eat cake!!
You are so out of touch!
So how come 4 of 5 Americans aren't buying Trumpcare? Cuz it has NO value? GOP Sens who duck constituents know it's a fraud
People also choose to NOT buy/invest in what they DON'T value. The GOP's determination to gut #Medicaid reveals how you value its recipients
So tired of GOP ghouls gutting healthcare while getting their own insurance straight from the Taxpayer Tit.
Sir freedom and free market are not synonymous. We the people is all the people not just the wealthy ones.
Your misunderstanding of basic economic principles is a travesty to "free market" principles. WmFBuckley would be ashamed of you.
People will buy what they can afford.
Have you ever driven out of your gated community and taken a look around? smh
Please stop comparing choosing to purchase something with having access to affordable healthcare.  Not the same thing! #healthcare4all

They're not buying your bullshit.
"People will buy what they value"

That's your campaign slogan isn't it?
Hey John, please choose to eat my ass
What was your supposrd value when big oil and wall street bought you?
Your tweet sounds like it's coming from someone who is trying to justify something that defies logic.  ALL AMERICANS VALUE HEALTH INS; STOP
Right so some people just don't want healthcare. They simply don't value it. Is that really your argument, Senator?
looks like I won't be able to afford a good plan under #Trumpcare. Choice does not matter if price is too high.
May God see everything you are accepting and show you how many people you have hurt by just not doing anything may he see it all
Are you kidding me? They'll buy it, oh, unless they value feeding their kids or putting a roof over their heads more? No, just NO!
This is the dumbest thing I've read all week.  Affording something and valuing it are very separate things.
People will buy necessities...that they can afford. Moron.
No, no it doesn't. Some ppl would have to give up food, rent, electricity to get insurance.
You get yours for doing nothing. What's the problem with Americans having healthcare unless you're a sociopath?
People buy what they can afford or go into debt
But we know that's #notintendedtobeafactualstatement
Not if people don't qualify for insurance due to preexisting conditions. Please think of us.
In Texas, Medicaid pays for nursing home care, and other aide to stay in your home.  Cutting medicaid will leave seniors homeless.  #SHAME
They don't chose not to buy insurance. They Can't afford it. That's not the same thing
I imagine folks of few means will choose food over healthcare. What do senators imagine is best for those with no corporate healthcare plan?
BECAUSE THEY CANNOT AFFORD IT! GET THAT THROUGH YOUR RICH, AFFLUENT HEAD! People will choose food and housing payments over their health.
Which means they don't value that crap you're pushing, not to mention Medicaid cuts. Why should ANYBODY lose their insurance?
Are you really saying those that can't afford health ins don't value their health or the health of their child?  Ridiculous. 
@JohnCornyn  tell me why a healthy population isn't good for economics. People show up for work? Oh - yeah, we don't want people working
This is an ill-informed comment based on purposeful ignorance.
My kids were 12 when CHIPs helped us. I couldn't afford for myself till ACA. Choice? Feed and house kids or insurance.
If you are truly representative of your state, I would not oppose Texas seceding from the Union. If you're not, sorry for TX.
Seriously, what would you know of virtue? This isn't a choice between HC and a iPhone, it's the choice between food/rent/electricity and HC
You seem to believe that 80 year old dementia patients can make a choice. Or that 7 year olds have control of the family budget.
Like food, shelter... I'm embarrassed u represent our state.
People won't buy things if they can't afford them.
Abhorrent. Could you at least do us the courtesy of *pretending* that you care about your constituents?
People will buy what they value... OK, AND they vote OUT what does not work in their favor. 2020 will come quicker than you realize. Bye!
Thanks Senator Grim Reaper.
I send the same comment back to you.
You say this as if health insurance is affordable.  Illness causes bankruptcy for many hardworking Americans.  So out of touch,so pathetic.
just like homeless people *choose* not to buy or rent a home /s/   

I am ashamed of you, Senator. I really thought you were a decent human
You've never even had a real job, John, what would you know about buying insurance?
People with low incomes 'value' lots of things. Doesn't mean they can buy them. And in certain cases there'll be no market.
WHO ACTUALLY SAYS "I have plenty of money, but I don't want health insurance" ?? The @GOP is taking health insurance from poor people
How out of touch you are! People like having health insurance! No rich person is going to go without it!! #TRUMPCARE 
There are those who have no disposable income left from their $7 minimum wage jobs in MO to buy insurance
You have no morals give up your tax payer paid health insurance disgusting individual
You're out of touch. Majority of those 22 million Americans can't buy essential health care because it costs too much. You care about them?
No, you sanctimonious twit. People will buy what they can afford.
I cannot wait to do everything I can to get you voted out of office. You don't deserve to represent me or my great state of Texas.
One of the most offensive things you have posted. What if it's between food and medicine John? Real Americans face choices like this.
Seriously? You're so out of touch you can't even see earth anymore. Pay attention to what the vast majority of Americans are telling you.
You are so wrong! That you cannot see this is so sad. People value healthcare but if it is between eating and health insurance? No question!
You just keep proving yourself to be one of the most clueless Senators ever. Keep tweeting hapless.
These fuckers want their 21st century #Holocaust of poor, sick & elderly. Only they are trying to disguise it as #FiscalResponsibilty
That gif was Not for you Keith. UGGH... I can't with this piece of Human detritus!
So who will be paying for those +22M when they get sick?

The Purple Health Plan-compassionate & economically sound

http://health.purpleplans.org 
Choosing to go without the meager coverage offered for the higher premiums charged is not a choice at all. Fund the ACA!  Hypocrite!
Most
Evasive
Talking
Point
Among the many like this and the lies.

We are not stupid.  Stop talking AT us as if we are.
#KILLTHEBILL
Choosing to go without insurance means taxpayers foot the bill when they use emergency rooms as their alternative @JohnCornyn
So people bought trump's load of bull sh*t because that's what you & other deplorable rethuglikkkans like you value!
#TrumpCare #saveACA
Really, Senator? You truly believe most people who have insurance now, but not w/BRCA, don't want to be insured? Go ask them! #GOP #health
you are so full of lies about taking away people's healthcare. What kind of Christian are you?
