It was the first step to Universal Healthcare - all the best countries provide.  They have better representatives than the USA.
vmy question is ,what did you do for 7 years ? No fix , just tied to destroy Obama .
careful, Senator, many people are beginning to think that your shelf life is nearing its expiration date as well.
@TXDemocrat @JohnCornyn No legislation should be considered until you demand an independent investigation of Trump's ties to Russia
it has its problems, but it helped my dad when he desperately needed surgery. Fix the parts that need it, leave the rest alone.
ACA kept my family from bankruptcy when my grandson was born with hypo plastic left heart.
Right on. Why should EVERY AMERICAN have the right to decent medical care. What are we anyway, an advanced western democracy?!
You had 7 years to figure something out. Governing is a lot harder than whining, isn't it?
It could have worked if Republicans had been willing to refine it. Repeal and replace looks worse.
Insurance is about coverage - not choice.
Lowest premium for best coverage is to cover everyone for everything.
Except it gave 20+ million insurance. Yes, it has flaws, but the GOP refused to do anything but repeal.
That's why in most countries with less costly health care systems, government negotiates prices...something neither the ACA or AHCA does.
Exactly! Cornyn & his pals like the PAC $ too much-would rather take away HC then actually fight for a quality system.
ACA has flaws, PBO/Dems knew it was a start/need refining. This admin cares more @ big tax breaks than neg with Ins Co
They would rather kill people, literally, than let anything Obama did stand. These are evil people running around talking about God.
Very true and eloquently put! I don't get it either-I've been trying to figure out their Christianity
It's not real. It's just something they pull out when it's convenient or they need a shield or excuse to hate someone or something.
I suppose, by your logic, my clients should just solve their issues w\an easily available gun & silencer instead of therapy.
.@JohnCornyn constituent in 78751 says your plan leaves 24 million (!) w/o care. that's far LESS than enough, sir.
I was just thinking that 15 years of you is enough. Can't wait to vote against you. Represent your people. #Impeach45
Go Single Payer - Single Payer - Single Payer - Single Payer
Notice how it is "failing" people in states where Republicants Gov. refused Medicaid expansion so rates rose, just to make it look bad.
You did this to constituents, caused them financial pain, just to make Obama look bad. That is fucking evil. Tell me again about your God?
when you or the REPUBLICANS can come up with something better, we will listen.
@GOP proposes ACTUAL death spirals to reward billionaire donors. Cool, cool, cool....
- keep what works and improve the rest. My sons in school need ACA and for me to keep them on my plan
.@JohnCornyn How many years have you been in office?  It's enough!
For you sure.  You have access to healthcare either way. You might ask the 1.1mil Texans on ACA how they feel about it.
.@JohnCornyn Get lost. The current GOP plan will kill people if passed, has little support and benefits only rich people. Shame on you!
@TXDemocrat @JohnCornyn why don't you come have a town hall and talk to us John? Afraid?
15 years of @JohnCornyn is way WAY too much!!!! #TermLimits
#2018 Goodbye Ted Cruz. #2020 Goodbye John Cornyn.
.@JohnCornyn @YouTube
You had 7 yrs to consider how to make health care better for Americans, and the AHCA was the best u could come up with?  SAD!!!
explain to a manual laborer why YOU deserve healthcare more than them. Your only accomplishment is being white and rich
Trumpcare is NOT enough for the working class. It helps billionaires like Trump.
so let's replace it with something worse
@TXDemocrat @JohnCornyn exactly!!
Uh, no it's not. Stop pushing lies.The garbage the gop has proposed will kill people, not save them.
Oh look propaganda on youtube , gee, it must be true.
1 year of your GOP healthcare plan is too much. #TrumpcareIsWorseThan
Then come up with something better. The AHCA is not it.
Ever hear "throw out the baby with the bath water"? That's the GOP plan.
-- gives us your insurance or you take what you're trying to give us.  #2020iscomingandwe'llbeready
you can't even come up with your own solution, you can't continue to blame Obama forever
I'm sure the 24 million Americans who will lose health insurance agree with you.
Easily said by someone who's healthcare plan is paid by the US gov't.
no seven years of you is enough @tedcruz
GOP tried 2 stopACA from day 1 but it still http://works.GOP  goal now how many Americans u can let suffer & die
We are so sick of your lies.  #YourLastTerm
u of course get free ins for life. At the taxpayers expense. U hate the sick. We get it.
I guess you are not paying attention to what we said to @PeteSessions yesterday.
Only insurance execs and kickback-takers want to eliminate the ACA.  Hold a town hall and see how your constituents feel.
Ur voting record shows you align with rich and businesses, not with the ppl of TX. U align with ur donors. UR prez has us alert
TX has the largest % and greatest number of uninsured. GOP used ppl as political pawn. TX #1 in infant & maternal mortality.
Watch Frontline documentaries Healthcare in America & Sick Around the World PBS. Insightful look at our failure as a nation.
John, the internet exists. We know that the ACA's problems are the GOP's legacy, that single payer works and lowers costs, and--
--that the AHCA will make literally every problem worse. Fix the ACA, don't destroy it for spite.
we have had enough of you too
: And wait when the riots start over TRUMPCARE you're wish you had him back.
Your Final Solution bests Heinrich and Eichman's by 18 million! #GOP #TrumpcareDeathPanels #TrumpcareEqualsMurder
Sen Cornyn we have had enough of you. You have failed your constituents. You will not win next election. You will be fired.
Poor man drops over in front of you does @JohnCornyn render aid? Does he call EMT? Does he let him die? Answer this if you care.
Believing you have a soul, I assume you care for a fellow human. Who pays the cost of care?
The hospital charges off uncompensated care at inflated rates & pass these costs to private insurance and the escalation begins!
What kind of America do you want to live in?
You are so out of touch with what Texans really want, it's unreal. SMH. Roll on 2020
your boss is on his 11th vacation in 8 weeks.
Leave it alone! I need it!
24 million losing their insurance is not a viable option. #PoliticalSuicide
Free market insurance was failing middle class and poor before Obama care, but you choose to go backwards.
have had too many years of you. Looking forward to your being out of Senate.
pathetic, you have tax payer funded healthcare but are willing to deny this to others #DoYourJob
do not repeal until you have an AFFORDABLE option FOR ALL!  We do not trust you and your colleagues.
actually we have had enough of you.
I think 15 years of you in Congress is enough.
Never too long for Americans to have affordable health care. Quit peddling lies. LIES,LIES,LIES-GOP is a one trick pony-SICK!
swallow your pride fix the current program. Nobody wants #Trumpcare
your plan is worse.
help to fix it - make it better. Not strip HC from millions of people. Listen do your constituents John
we'll make sure to vote you out on the next election. #trump #impeach #notmypresident
As long as we pay for Your health care you don't care if we can afford our own.
ready to dance on your constituents' graves are you? #CornynOut2020 #KillAHCA #SinglePayerNow
Why take time to criticize when you haven't come up with decent replacement? Where is your heart for service & duty?
...because we should remove 24 million Americans from insurance rolls and give tax breaks to the top .1%.  Right.
Your party chooses walls, deportations, nukes over diplomacy, corporations over people, cuts cancer research & Meals on Wheels.
Obama had the decency to care for all. To aspire to get us all health coverage. For 8 years your party did nothing for us. 
Thanks to Perry, TX didn't accept Medicaid expansion. Texans pay for program we don't benefit from! All for Rs to spite Obama.
Easy for you to say !!!!  Give us your healthcare.  You are so out of touch
It was named Affordable Care, not Access To Care I Can't Pay For. Why don't you want people to have health care?
you are so out of touch with the American people.
you are right Senator.  And you had 7 years to come with a better solution and you didn't.  #DoYourJob
you could care less about the ## 24millionuninsured as long as you have ur Taxpayer provided insurance. SHAMEFUL #2020
Putz.
John, quick , , , ,name one country with a successful for-profit healthcare system.  

#MakeAmericaSickAgain
Millions will lose healthcare under the GOP's WEALTHcare sham. Why do you hate the less fortunate?
no it's not
Yup. Get to fixing!
Ok, so make it better-not worse! Sheesh!
You should read your responses! We, your constituency, aren't buying your whining. You and gang played obstruction.#makeitbetter
Cool, huh? We thought about explaining ACA and ways to improve it but adding static filters and dramatic music was quicker.
president has enough tax payers money to vacation every weekend but, we don't have money for seniors or those in need. 
yeah, you had 7 years to figure out something better. Good job guys! Way to step up. /sarcasm
You're saying you will take on the healthcare, insurance, lawyers, and other PACs? I'll believe it when I see it.
and we are fixing to get a new chant
The amazing thing is that the ACA does work, despite the GOP's attempts to undermine and sabotage it from the beginning.
, fix it, don't repeal and leave more uninsured. Texans are watching.
one year of you is enough. #DoYourJob
if only the GOP hadn't spent the better part of a decade sabotaging it at every turn and then trying to replace it with garbage.
No,  7 years of it is a good start.   If you had #townhalls you would know how we feel.   #LastTermCornyn #ListenToUs
Seven years to plan and THAT's what you come up with? Throw people of their insurance and reduce subsidies and remove penalties?
only if you have a real solution, which appears doubtful.
So, do something which works! You've had over 8 years to work on it. Stop blaming and start doing! Oh, how about a town hall?
Still obsessed with Obama? We're obsessed with your obstructionism during his 2 terms. Go to work.
AHCA is just wealthcare. RepubliCare will result in DEATHS. Are you truly that partisan as to not care about Americans?

- since too chicken to hold Town Halls, u don't know how Texans feel. Maybe u will get message when Ted loses his seat next yr?
...To come up with a better replacement.  Yet here we are.
have you looked at the polls recently ?  Why haven't you spent any time in the last 7 yrs making this a better plan?
just stop already. Come up with a plan that actually helps folks without lining the pockets of the super rich. @TX21Indivisible
yeah y'all won't fully repeal it. Y'all want to fix it. That's like spraying Febreeze on a dog turd then telling us to eat it.
Obamacare takes care of my family.  If u break it u will own it.  Fix the few problems and make Obamacare stronger nothing else will do!
Ten minutes of Republican control is too much.
really well 4 more years of you will be a killer literally
Wish you were my Governor. Keep fighting the good fight. Resist the resistance. Support @POTUS #wesupport45
you guys could have been making improvements to the ACA but chose not. SAD!
Your uncompromising unwavering support of this plan speaks volumes about your priorities-toe that party line w/hands over ears
and 2 mos of Trump is obsured. When is your term come due?
What kind of healthcare do you have?  I bet its taxpayer funded....gasp, socialism.  Good for you.  Now give everyone the same.
3 months of Trump is too much.
Your 15 years as Senator is enough!
No doubt it has been a nightmare for you because Ted has gotten most of the insurance cash: 3.1 million in 2016
Then just repeal it already.
Wonder if the problems with ACA were because the GOP obstructed so much of the original plan. 
do not pass trumpcare! Go back and make improvements to the ACA!
How many years has it been of you? Enough.......
we've put up with you since 2002, and you've helped far fewer Americans. If it's a choice, I choose #ACA over #AngryMan
I think it's about time you got a job. Get off the Government Tit.
We have money for 1500 more ice agents and billion dollar walls
We have 2 billion to spend on nukes.3 million for weekly golf trips.1 million a month to guard a woman who will not move
likewise, one day of RINO care is one too many.
Just as long as you have heath care that all that matter .Stealing 119 million from the medicare trust fund to give to the rich
I will tell my kid with pre-existing conditions this when she is no longer insured and dies. Thanks!
@POTUS @JoeNBC @MSNBC @RepKevinBrady John, have your or Kevin had a town hall meeting to get a feel of what your voters think about AHCA?
Repeal and Replace @JohnCornyn
it's been enough time for u to have trump's taxes released to an independent investigation of Russia's influence
Ask @PeteSessions how Texans feel about your bill. 14 million less in one year is not enough.
You've had enough of the tens of thousands of lives the ACA has saved? You're not pro-life, @JohnCornyn We've had enough of you & your ilk!
Fourteen and a half years of you are too much. Your time is coming. 2020 you are gone. BTW, you said it wrong. Estupido
Even if 7 years is 2 think what will happen next w  new plan higher premiums, less coverage,  poor execution & more uncertainty
then offer us something better! I know! Medicare for all (including Congress). It's not rocket science. #DoYourJob
you have no idea what you are speaking about, the American tax payer paid for your plan, Dumbo.
GOP LIARS! U can fool some people some of the time but U can't fool all people all of the time! ACA-NOT FAILING #Indivisible TX
Only if you can replace it with something better for people who need it most - poor, middle class, with pre-existing conditions & >50
Make it truly affordable with low deductibles & 80 or 90% co-insurance.  $5,000 ded. with 60% co-ins. cost >$500 per month just for me.
With ACA I still couldn't afford to get sick with high deductible & coinsurance.  >$500 + $275 = >$775 actual monthly premium. Too high!!
Why, because you don't like it? Do you believe in compromise? If not why have elections? Do you think Republicans should dictate
aww whatsa matter, Johnny? Didn't like all those people having healthcare? Poor baby! Want a binky? There's a good boy!Good boy!
Ya know John, We the People would feel much better about Trumpcare if Senators were also subjected to it. How about that for an idea?
fix it instead of destroying it. Remember, you WORK for us!!!
For a man who lives on the taxpayer dime, many times over, at both state & federal level, it seems miserly to deny aid to others
it's not enough #TXvoter
Why keep something that worked great for the people? We'd much rather go broke for healthcare while giving tax breaks to corps.
It is embarrassing that you still push this nonsense.
Yes having no healthcare at all is so much better NOT!!!
oh & your unwillingness to meet constituents makes you  cowardly/ inability to stand up to trump like a fool. & I voted for you!
What was the GOP working on for 7 years? Trumpcare is unacceptable and cruel.
Possibly. But it was also enough time for the GOP to have a well designed replacement.  #Trumpcare makes you look incompetent.
Yes, seven years of Republicans sabotaging Obamacare is, indeed, enough.
where was your fake outrage in 2006? http://www.nytimes.com/2006/09/27/business/27insure.html … or 2003? http://abcnews.go.com/sections/living/US/healthcare031020_poll.html …
I spent time today researching Price's advanceable refundable tax credits. They sound like a bureaucratic nightmare. Thoughts?
You do not have an acceptable replacement.
The years I spent without health care was enough. #TownHall
Maybe you missed it, but Repukes who couldn't defeat this sabotaged it with higher costs. Health care is free in other nations.
Agree.  Repeal, do not replace.  Let the free market work its magic.
free markets (btw show me one in this country) work fine 4 widgets & apps but suck 4 people's health and lives
I would consider the clothing industry to be a free market & we have no problem with nakedness in the USA.
I have no idea what that means. We are talking about health care; there should be no profit motive, no shareholders.
& 2 1/2 months of THIS administration is enough
