the NYT shows how devious a conclusion that is - "no one objected."  Low on truthometer.
Republicans literally suggested that Obama should nominate Garland, when he did you refused to  give him a hearing. #hypocracy
Doesn't matter how qualified or past approvals - this spot was stolen by craven GOP and can only be filled by Merrick Garland!
I disagree with idea spot was stolen.  Garland was never confirmed 4 that spot.
Wrong!  It was stolen because he was the nominee, but was never given a hearing due to craven & obstructionist GOP.
I disagree.  Not Stolen.
Disagree as you wish.  That doesn't change the objective facts.  Sad.
Keep going, set the record straight and move forward - full speed ahead.
you know damn well why Schumer opposes him. Stolen seat. Shame on you for failing to do your job under the constitution
#TownHallinTexas
That was before Republicans obstructed Obama. You didn't play nice so you shouldn't expect it in return ~A Constituent
, what about Merrick Garland?
M
E
R
R
I
C
K

G
A
R
L
A
N
D

#AnswerThePhone
huh, kinda sounds like Merrick Garland... so frustrating isn't it?
when is your town hall?
And in 1986, Repub-controlled Senate committee blocked Jeff Sessions from federal judge for racism. Yet in 2017...
Merrick Garland was confirmed by 6 republicans for Fed Court of Appeals. 76-23. You should have done your job a year ago.
Biden rule. So sad dems are ignorant of facts.
Ahem. #MerrickGarland
Houston Public Works needs more funding for infrastructure. Please do something.
And Sessions was blocked.
@SocraticTense 10 years we the majority weren't this upset. This is grassroots. We gonna grow you gonna go
what about Judge Garland?
And then he ruled that corporations have religious beliefs that conveniently attack women's health...
tell trump to release his taxes. Investigate Russia's influence in our elections. Preserve medicare and social security.
77511 here. tell trump to release his taxes and investigate Russia's influence on our elections.
that was 10 years ago and not for @scotus.  There wasn't a mad man in the oval office. You know another good choice? M Garland.
Exactly.
substantial difference in potential impact...can you realy use that as a justification to not think carefully?
that is before you and your fellow Republicans decided to ignore Garland. #readyfor2020
with that logic, the divorce rate in the U.S. should be a big fat zero. Surely you can do better than that.
And Sessions was denied confirmation the first time. So clearly you can change your minds second time around.
burn!
LOL, Judge Grouch, I wouldn't want to go before him! 
Your point??
the stakes are bigger this time you silly goose
MERRICK GARLAND YOU HYPOCRITE
2020
Are you saying that SCOTUS Justice doesn't warrant more scrutiny than other court appointments?
constituent here. Not proud of the way Republicans stole this nomination from 44. Can't fault Schumer for what he's doing
Maybe he listened 2 his constituent's. U can't be bothered to do for TX. U tweet trying 2 distract from your recent mistakes!
Oops
#MerrickGarland
, Then who would be next up, Cookie Monster?
Merrick Garland you fascist supporting creep.
Supreme Court holds more power, requires more scrutiny
stop the hypocrisy. #MerrickGarland
Remember when your party wouldn't even acknowledge that the sitting President selected a nominee? You're a dope.
And Pete Sessions was denied a Federal Judgeship. If he can change enough to become AG, Gorsuch can be denied SCOTUS.
Wonder how long it will take for this to sink in to their brains? DT tweets don't seem to affect the GOP.
For the moment, it is party over country for the GOP. At some point, Army-McCarthy/Watergate, it sinks in.
LOL, BTW many GOP voted for Garland in 97. Weak argument for Oscar the Grouch.
How Freudian - karma, meet Cornyn
Ten years ago SCOTUS nominees like Merrick Garland were still getting hearings and votes.  Jerk @JohnCornyn
Judge Grouch was confirmed to the Court of Appeals 10 years ago by voice vote, meaning no one objected, including Senator Schumer
Please spend time looking for the faults in the Republican party. Let the Democrats worry about themselves.
you want cheese with your wine?
#judgegrouch ??
Sock puppet alert
*sock muppet
different job, different times.  Remember Merrick Garland?
MERRICK GARLAND had strong bipartisan support as well.
Judge Grouch? Nice pun.
Gorsuch*. He deserves better than Grouch*. Very solid pick
it's the supreme Court!
I don't know much about Judge Grouch ... I'm familiar with his brother Oscar.
I, for one, fully support a speedy confirmation for Judge Grouch. He'll need a job after you defund PBS.
can you tell me specifically what you are doing for Texans this lege?
How did you vote for Merrick Garland when he was confirmed by the senate for Court of Appeals? Ur posts like Russian propaganda.
yes but he was a grouch
that's great, sir, let's confirm the judge. Now can we talk about Russia?
And drafting legislation for the immediate release of tax returns. Whose interests are being represented by 45?
the lobbyists and trump's cronies. Mainly trump's cronies.
They're all a bit grouchy, eh Senator?
how much do you get paid not to work for the people of Texas???  When is your town hall meeting??
he's the anti-establishment senator now. You know the guy whose party is in complete control. John is edgy now.
Are you going to do nothing when Trump comes here and tares  families  apart after being here all their life.?
Did you mean Judge Gorsuch? Or was #JudgeGrouch a #bigly Freudian slip?
John, you spelled the judge's name wrong and now I'm supposed to be convinced you know what you are talking about?
session was rejected. So why wasn't he rejected again?
Not a strong argument, and his name is not Grouch.
LOL!!
