Partisan environment shows a clear need for an Independent Commission.... Will you call for one? If not, why given the delays thus far
Reality he's a fraud like Hillary. #macron
If Russia is involved, maybe Trump will win there Too!  They can have him!
you are on Sen Intel Cmtee- why are you re-tweeing like your surprised ? you KNOW Trump Treason and Illegit. Govt of USA _ do your job !
Huh, is this sarcasm? Or are you more concerned when it's done to France than when they did it to us?
So your concerns are France, trashing Hillary, and big biz donors?  We need you here in TX, John. #DoYourJob #TownHall
Pssst, it happened here.  Investigation since July of last year. A number of 45 staff have already been tied to the Russians.
There's that pesky Russia again...if only we could find out what happened in the US. Oh wait, you could find out! Do your job.
But can you make this about Hillary losing the election, somehow? I'm sure you can.
I think you're walking a fine line trying to keep DJT&base happy,but you've seen classified info&know things you wish you didn't
I think you are spot on. Cornyn doesn't take the awesome responsibility of governing very seriously these days.
It's starting to look like they want it to happen again as they now need Russian interference in order for the @GOP to win.
The ONLY poss. way YOU can hold your head up is to demand an independent investigation.  Get it out of your hands & focus on congress.
Let's not forget that Russia interfered in our election and our President has deep ties. Please continue to demand accountability.
Your president is still denying that it's the Russians who wrecked OUR election. Why do you think that is ?
Yeah!  He wins even with hacks.  sorry trump- a loss for you...
You sure seem to back Putin and Trump a lot lately
Does this make you feel better or worse that you were duped by #trumprussia?
And yet you want to talk about leaks. 
Just like Trump so why do you still support the fake POTUS
- Pattern even you can no longer ignore? Select Committee with full prosecutorial & investigative powers! #TrumpRussia
@HillaryClinton claims massive Russian hack as emails leaked right before the election, you are such a hypocrite @JohnCornyn
Yes Russia again. It's not going away senator. Deal with it.
Exactly. Russia AGAIN. Aren't you on that committee? Seems like some action is warranted.
Unlike here in America, Russia was unable to get Putin's pick elected.
if macron wins, u wont hear a word about russians, guaranteed.
fake news.
Actions, not words. What are YOU & your fellow Senators going to DO about it?!?!
Your twitter tone is confusing. Do you mean, "Russia, again " or "Russia, again ". #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Senator, does seem you're either blasse or not convinced about Russian election meddling. Not right.
Yes Russia again. You seemed more concern for France than our country. What's up with that?
Right. He sure did!
well, our country let them get away with it for Trump so i'm sure they feel emboldened to continue to derail other elections.
At least the French weren't dumb enough to fall into the trap. Can't say the same for a portion of Americans..
Might want to start hiding your gay midget porn then Senator
Yep, it worked so well here, why not try again.
Oh, just like your leader @realDonaldTrump who you love.
So when will you be investing DJTs connections?
Your half measures are complicity. You should be ashamed. I will vote anyone but cornyn 2020. #obstruction
You could do the right thing and demand SIC commit to investigating, but we have NO faith in you ever doing the right thing. Castro 2020.
That's why your constituents are asking for a serious, bipartisan investigation into Russian hacking in US. More important than photo ops.
I know ...that is twice...I have been tell you...Trump Russia INDEPENDENT  investigate
What are you waiting for?
Really? You're riled up about France? Investigate #RussianHacking in our election! #TrumpRussiaCollusion
You are in a position to investigate. Put country above party.
What are You doing about their hacking of our country
This wS yesterday's news. But in America we need an independent investigation of #TrumpRussia!!
#TrumpRussia Get after it, Senator
Again...you have yet to tweet that Russia affected the American election. Why?
Exposing truthful emails is good. Don't like the leaks but knowing Macron's views will help French electorate chose the best candidate...
As a Texan (John C. is my senator), I disagree with calling Russia out w/out proof. How about the leaks done by an anti-globalist/Frenchman?
Hey I burnt toast this morning, I want an investigation into Russian interference with my toaster! Never happened before, something's wrong
But just in Dec you told us it happens all the time, no big deal. Starting to see the problem? Good! Independent commission now!
your tweets make me think you don't remember whose side you're on.
Since they did the same thing here, why aren't u working tirelessly to prove it and make it right?
...like a shooting war in Ukraine or escalation in Syria. Leaks timed for max damage. One day it will be against yr pres and party.... /end
You probably know they have intel/hacks on RNC and POTUS. It will drop sooner or later. Better now than in a real crisis 6/
You're senior leader in Senate. Take a clear public stand on this. Nxt time Putin/hackers may come after POTUS or you if it serves them 5/
Can't comment on what you feel in private and what extra intel you have access to, but it smells like yr putting party before country 4/
Chaffetz's house committee would be running 24/7; leaks from cmttee would be coming 2x daily; special prosecutor appointed and unleashed 3/
If the shoe was on the other foot and Russia had targeted Trump and RNC for leaks, you and your colleagues would be all over this 2/
Also explains why Putin instructed Donald Trump to speak highly of Le Pen... he has the US reeling, now he wants to wreck up the EU.
Then investigate, Mr. Senator. I know you guys have a full schedule of destroying healthcare and cutting taxes for rich, but there's time.
Hey! That happened HERE, too! What are you doing about it? ya know since you're in a position to.
Also, they are tying the GRU to the hacks. Maybe we should look into that too? #TrumpCare
Rank with Oliver north and Erlichmann.
...to do their sworn duty. Failure to commit to a thorough investigation is as bad as covering it up. When it all comes out, your name will
If only you knew somebody of the Senate Intelligence Committe, you could ask them to do their job. We can all agree they have neglected ...
Key word: again.

So, now that you admit it, DO something about it.
And again, u seem more concerned with their interference in foreign elections than their interference with ours. Stop playing party politics
Why are we not sanctioning Russia further?  U said nothing at Comey hearing.  Respect democracy & frickin do SOMETHING!
Let's pray most of the French make a better choice than many Americans did. No 1st world country needs a leader like @realDonaldTrump.
@wikileaks Vault 7 already proved CIA can leave Russian ...... the emails & need for hack defense are the real story. Not the Russians
And what are you and your cronies doing about the Russian interference into our own election?
Thankful hacks confirmed what kind of ppl democRATS are-TRANSPARENCY. Now get to work on obamanocare FULL REPEAL!!  Stop stalling!
R U interested in preserving our democracy and doing something about it?
I can't wait to vote you out! You're not doing your job!!!
"Russia, again"? @realDonaldTrump said that it might have been Chinese. Party before country, right John? Get on the same page. Come on!
Please let POTUS know... he seems to think it's China or a 400lb hacker in his mom's basement.
@JoeNBC @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @RepKevinBrady Be careful Senator Cornyn!  You might anger the FAKE POTUS, your Lord and Master.
Perhaps you should ask your IC witnesses what methodology/education measures they are considering to stop/mitigate future attacks here. 1/
This would require you put down the partisan line, "What about leaks?" and put the security of our nation first. I'll be paying attention.
Please, PLEASE seriously investigate Russian interference in our election and government.
He won't! He's a Donnie ass kisser and complete hypocrite.  Party before country is how @John Cornyn rolls. 
not a "claim" but a FACT.
Again?  You did nothing last time.  Why not just follow the party line and claim it was China?
Why are you sharing this? You aren't actually DOING anything about their attack on OUR election.
