And what good is ignoring all those phone calls doing, Johnny?
but at least they're making the point that many are unqualified candidates for their jobs.
you are evil
you failed your constituents calling you to vote no to DeVos.
that's is correct because the senators are not listening to their constituents, senator John Cornyn.
well they need to be good picks and good for the country.
SOME senators actually listen to their constituents.  #Resistance #conflictsofinterest #DoYourJob
It does cause people to notice the unqualified, corrupt and dumb candidates the President has nominated
it's part of your job!  Just like offering advice and consent for a SCOTUS pick.  Oh, yeah. Y'all wouldn't do that
of course not, because Repubs are more interested in preserving their power than democracy
how about a town hall in Austin? See if your constituents agree! since you don't check your voicemail. #resistance
That's fine; just know we're watching you and looking forward to 2020. #resist #nocornyn2020
I watched all the speeches. Learned a lot about @BetsyDeVos & @jeffsessions enough to know you did a terrible job vetting.
Funny how the tables have turned. Such a hypocrite.
Absolute power corrupt absolutely. Ensure you are representing your TX constituents, not partisan rhetoric and corruption.
your constituents want you to listen and abide. Real representatives do so, we all know you're not one. #CornynFailedTexas
When will U be in Texas to see your constituents? Really want to tell you how I feel about your votes #SwampRats
Are all these hours actually working upsetting you? And those annoying constituents who keep calling & writing, so bothersome.
forcing unqualified candidates despite the voice of the people will "out" you though
boooooooooooooo
how does it feel to turn your back on your state?  Like unemployment?  Weakness? Stupidity?
As a senator shouldn't you decide upon nominees based upon more than party lines? One more thing, when rep did it it was OK...
I see all the hateful lib astroturf is on this tweet. Hillary spent $6 million on trolls to harass Bernie bros & Trumpers.
I'm still editing for my check. 
the speeches are being watched buddy---Texas has changed and you don't get it but you will
Don't worry, after reelection,you won't have to "work so hard" for your constituents, because you won't have any... 
Yes!  So many of us want to know!
At least they are listening to their constituents and the majority of voters.  You, sir, are not.  I am a Texan & I vote.
I too am Texan and will remember.
This is how democracy works.  If you want direct edicts without discourse, that is a dictatorship.
We can watch speeches via CSPAN. Whoever is up talking, we are learning from them. So far it's been mostly Democrats.
We won't forget that you were just a no-thinking yes-man for 45. #FlushJohn2020
Do Your Job. Answer your voicemails. Admit that 1. Trump circumvented vetting 2. @GOP spent 8 yrs Obstr 3. delay is false news
You'll be replaced in  2018 along w Ted Cruz.
We'll get Cruz out in 2018 and Cornyn in 2020.
can we all just write in someone else? Can anyone else run???
if you represented the people and not your wallet you'd have voted NO On Devos and Sessions.  Hold a town hall.
Hold a town hall in Texas, not DC. The people who can vote for you are in Texas! #FlushJohn2020
him and @SenTedCruz
Yes! Cowards. Do as their master says, not the real bosses: us! #FlushJohn2020 #TedManWalking2018
The demoncrats are the party of rioting, obstruction, burning down cities, and killing babies.
Good grief! Get out of ur house & meet real people & 4 God's sake turn off Fox before u rot ur brain completely.
perhaps you should actually pay attention. Many of your constituents are speaking out. Stop ignoring the message
Republican traitors of the Constitution.  Something they've been plotting for decades.
We will do whatever we can to slow down the process of incompetents being put into office.
#answerthephone
Just like it didn't work when you did it to Democrats.  Why don't you all stop playing games and pretending you are innocent?
we are watching Senator. And R acutely aware that U R ignoring your constituents pleas to vote NO on unqualified, corrupt group
translation : qualified or not, we are voting yes. Lied to Senate or not, we are voting yes. Directly against constituents? Yes.
You're one to preach about obstructionism. HOLD A TOWN HALL. DON'T BE A COWARD
as one of your constituents, it's disappointing to know you've closed your mind
24/7/365 on cabinet confirms...start on the fed judges..118 vacancies...fill all w jurists who respect sep of powers
How about representing Texans instead of being Trump's puppet. Fight Trump. I am a constituent.
when will you be conducting a town hall meeting?
Sucks to be you, huh.
but 2018 and 2020 will.
Yet that didn't stop you from voting to repeal ACA countless times.
Future elections will
well they have spent 8 years watching the GOP.
But they'll succeed in making those cabinet pics looking as awful as possible, making Americans rethink again. #2018
How many calls have you gotten opposing those nominations? Because I bet it's a lot.
Oh we're watching, @ JohnCornyn, we're definitely watching. First we watch, then we organize, then WE vote.
And still you don't listen. You don't deserve your job.
it won't be your concern come 2020 if you keep putting party lines before what your constituents want.
you're being unprofessional.
Quit gloating. Do your job. Answer your phones. Wake up to the fact citizens unhappy with trump, GOP and you. DO YOUR JOB
Watch your back, Senator Cornyn. There's an election just around the corner. Maybe the outcome of it is what will change.
Then quit complaining, methinks. #ShePersisted
@jaketapper Admit that numerous cabinet nominations are very flawed & ill prepared indeed Accept it's not just tactics Get real!
so you don't care if the pertain is qualified, just that you're orange buddy told you to jump? Good to know. #resist
But perhaps listening to the American people would. Midterm elections, 2018.
You will be surprised Senator
At least Trump could nominate and have hearings, unlike Obama's right to nominate the next justice blocked by your ilk.
it is like preventative medicine, if you vet them thoroughly you will not have to justify them later when they do stupid
by allowing all of Trumps appointments, u & republicans loose credibility.  As long as U do party over patriotism we all loose
when is the town hall meeting?
that is clear, but you should be vetting these cabinet appointments not just signing off on them.
Because Senate R votes have already been bought and paid for #listentoconstituents #unacceptable #cowards #resist
- right, the real way to get change is to vote people out of office at the next opportunity
Perhaps, you should vote against placing these incompetent, racist people in the WhiteHouse. Oh, yr Republican. U vote for KKK
Your own constituents wish you had the guts to stand up against this unvetted cabinet that is full of conflicts of interest
Thank you! Give POTUS his Cabinet and SCOTUS picks' their hearing and votes so we can get busy fixing this broken country.
- obviously YOU don't listen to your constituents. 2020 can't come soon enough. #dumpCornyn
Your constituents were practically screaming for you to vote no on DeVos and Sessions, yet you ignored us. We won't forget this.
I think they know that! It's about principle. Something foreign to you.
I stayed up. And watched. Watched you vote AGAINST your constituent.
how about listening to your constituents when they tell you that a cabinet member is clearly not qualified?
nope, but it does make them feel better about the screwing of America by the Republicans.
shame on y'all! Surely you can see that our President lives in his own reality.
The appointees being opposed are unqualified and unvetted. The Dems are doing their job. Do yours.
.@JohnCornyn complaining on Twitter won't make us feel sorry for you or save your seat in 2020.
perhaps not, but shouldn't each nominee be thoroughly scrutinized? Isn't that your job, instead of riding Trump's coat tails?
You are correct, but millions are proud Dems are doing what they can. GOP will face consequences at the ballot box.
won't change you destroying our nation
Would that be the same "D" your fuhrer speaks about. For a bunch of old white allegedly, hetero men you guys sure like to talk D
You say "delay tactics", we say "representing their constituents." You should give it a try! @IndivisibleTeam #StandIndivisible
Counting down the days till 11/03/2020!  Need a senator who cares about Texas more than he cares about playing politics.
but the media aid them in sending their message to impair and damage Trump's administration. You GOP bozos need to man up!
How many of you libs KNEW Hillary was going to win? Shows your intellect or lack thereof.
Unless you live in one of the three major cities, conservatives will hold all seats. Sorry libs, but the truth is the truth.
don't you dare chastise Elizabeth Warren. She is more responsive to people than you could ever be! Be quiet and sit down like it
. @JohnCornyn Perhaps you could start to recognize that there's great objection to these candidates because many are unqualified.
Wait, is Senate D also Easy D? I'm confused by all the D Trump & supporters are tweeting about. Thought Pence hated homos…
U R right. With folks like U ignoring constituents & appointing these folks, this disastrous train wreck outcome will happen.
That's a shame. It's apparent you aren't listening to your constituents.
Do you know what will change outcomes? My vote against you. Please try listening to your "pesky constituents" for once.
you didn't even consider Obama's SCOTUS nominee. Hypocrite.
wow! Complete opposite of what y'all said for last 8 years! Vote this hack out in next election!!!!
probably good thing you are not up for reelection soon. Your butt would be voted out so fast. Texans have had with you too
You forfeit any right to talk about delay tactics with the nonsense you pulled putting party ahead of country.
They're trying though, and they need other Senators with common sense to listen to their constituents and help #resist
Just Stop with your biased narratives. So tired of it. Listen to your other constituents and answer your phone. You work for us.
are you hearing us? I plan to vote against you as well.
You obstructed Obama for 8 years and were happy to do so. No one feels sorry for the GOP.
I can't say I could recommend you and GOP colleagues for a good performance award. A questionable candidate remains one.
what IS going to change is your employment status!!! Read your mail! Fix your website. We are pissed and we are coming for you!
you have 'bigger fish to fry' sir. There's a reckless, dangerous man in the Oval Office. #DoYourJob
Apparantly neither will pleas from 1000s of your constituents! #anyoneelse2020
Represent better the people of Texas!!! The only reason you are in that position is because of us!! DO YOUR JOB! Sad!
you represent the people do you not? Stop being the presidents lackey and do your job!!!
Have you read your twitter feed. Or at least the messages left at your office. I can't believe you think Trump is a good GOP.
But I think a few town halls might. You guys are so intent on your agenda. I have to wonder if you think about us.
I know, right? Such a great thing Rs never did that!
sad. least qualified cabinet ever
Senate GOP does the exact same thing. And you know it.
They're doing what their constituents need them to do-their jobs. Please think about voting based on credentials, not party.
apparently it also isn't getting the message across to you guys that we the people see the major issues with these candidates
john, congress has the power to abolish the 9th circuit court add you can do it. Stop judicial overreach now.
it's refreshing to have my Senator confirm he's Party before Country. At least we know where you $tand.
I watched! In fact, late night scheduled speeches allow me to actually watch for once! Thankful to Dems for advising on noms.
Actually it came very, very close. You really need to evaluate these people and not just rubber stamp them. Party 1st for you.
we may not be able to stop them, but there will be a huge price to pay.  Unqualified nominees reveal your true motivations.
though you are legally my representative, your votes on these unqualified  people for cabinet positions  does not represent me.
I'm looking forward to voting you & your good ole boy mentality out of office.  I'd start planning retirement if I were you.
An insider trader who manipulated the stock price with his position, and got discounted stocks? Why no investigation? Hmm.
You criticize their delay tactics yet your party shut down the government. Glass house, man.
Why are you supporting morally and ethically bankrupt nominees? An Education position filled by pay to play donor?
Still waiting for you to represent your constituents.
just once I would like to see you put your country and constituents ahead of your party. 45s cabinet is unqualified & unethical
we get it. You don't listen to actual voters just to donors. WE GET IT.  But take what you dish out and shut up about it.
after six years of "unpresidented" obstruction by the gop, I think somehow you can handle it.
But it sure lets you know how many people, including yr constituents, strongly disagree with you. #ShePersisted
No. But when the @GOP and @realDonaldTrump #shitshow comes to fruition, we'll have plenty of "I told you so" clips to replay.
I do wish you represented me. Come on and get real.

Worst cabinet picks EVER, and you are going along with all.  I applaud dems for trying to stop this train wreck.
it just ensures their future vote and shows us not to vote for you!!
And also, didn't y'all adjourn at 9:05 pm last night? I seem to recall way later nights in the past 8 years. Just saying.
What will?
Senator...we know we are going to lose a lot of these battles, but there is no way we are going to give up. #persistandresist
True, b/c you're going to screw us over come hell or high water. #AmIRight?
why is discussing the qualifications of a candidate "delay tactics"? Do you really not know your job?
.@JohnCornyn Maybe, but their voters will remember their efforts at the polls. It must be nice to have a representative that represents you.
We just need to change  YOUR NEXT ELECTION  RESULTS
Everything is within the confines of the law. Start to think about America and its needs. Put USA first. Think smart
you work for US, sir, and it's a temp job. you don't get to fight for your agenda; ours elected you and ours will replace you.
you hypocrite! How many filibusters! You're first move as majority party was try and gut ethics oversight! #SHAME! Unqualified!
.@JohnCornyn why can't y'all quit the partisan bickering and drinking party koolaid long enough to determine actual fitness of nominees?
No, but it's also about standing up for what is right. Have more suitable cabinet picks next time.
Sen. Cornyn I ask you to please represent the people of Texas not the Trump administration.
all I read here are threats so we know what side they are really on. Move to California
Not liking democracy?
and wtf did the repubs do for 8 years?
.@JohnCornyn  Yo, the world is watching. Believe me- we see you.
Come home, John. #TownHallNow #TexansWantToChat #standindivisible
the negative comments are people who bought into the Dems lies and believe anything they are fed
you are representing your state sir fine choices and you should support President not the Dems far out ideas
It will point out the total ineptitude of having noms set on destruction of their own agencies & alt_fact nature of R pussies.
their actions have been terrible and shows why I am glad to never call myself a dem
maybe not, but hopefully the next elections will. Many in America are pissed and won't back off.
LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS. We want a town hall.
Especially when the republicans place party loyalty over constituent loyalty. Am I right, senator?
and we will remember that you are choosing party over country and don't represent your constituents.
We will hold you accountable for DeVos, Price, Tillerson, Sessions, you better be prepared for your Townhalls
Maybe not but the Resistance continues to grow as the day will come. Listen to the wishes of ALL your constituents. #resist
Constant blind partisanship like this drives voters away. Try being a true representative rather than a hack. #byein2020
It would be nice if you'd listen to the voices of your constituents instead of donors.  We won't forget.
Texas voter here...we are watching...and ready to vote more than ever against this. Stop supporting him, Texas deserves better
you really think very little of America. We are so disappointed in your support for an authoritarian regime.
Just finished the book "Dark Money" you were in the first chapter.
You really don't get it, do you @JohnCornyn?  The point is to expose your hypocrisy and venality, not change the outcome.  #2018
Why don't you ask @jasoninthehouse how his town hall went? We are coming for you, John!
Inly gerrymandering and the sneaky influence of Koch Brother money changes outcomes.
You're my representative, but you don't care about or represent me in any way shape or form.
dissent needs to be on record. As we go forward and our union is shattered having a clear record will help.
can't wait until your re-election, YOU ARE GONE
Yourconstituents SHOULD be able to stop this madness. @JohnCornyn enjoy this last year.  Retirement date is Nov 2018
What is the point of senate confirmations if you approve unqualified nominees?
