Just what the US needs... a communist
Oh go back to school, communism is not democratic socialism!
K, tell that to Venezuela
Better that than White Supremacists and Russia taking over the GOP.
Yay Bernie, he has 75% Approval! What is yours, some where in the 20s!
Let's hope so. It was him getting squeezed out by the Corporatist @DNC that got us stuck with this nightmare @POTUS instead of him in the WH
Actually the mainstream democrats bought him a long time ago
ASSAD NEVER GASSED ANYONE.
The FALSE FLAG Chemical attack in SYRIA
SUPER! I would take ANYTHING over the lying sociopath that's in office now. And WHAT ARE YOU WORRIED ABOUT, ANYWAY? YOU'll BE GONE! 
Just like a parasite.
I love all the support you, @tedcruz and Kevin Brady keep getting  Sit down. 
Really Senator, at least he's an American.
Trump Russia independent investigation stop the Republican loyalty to party before country
I love Bernie, and my black neighbors do as well. He at least has old-school integrity and listens to Americans.
It's about time someone with a little common sense takes it over. Y'all still have a long was to go to beat the Republican Party. #MAGA
Hmmm, makes me consider other comparisons with another party.
Let's go Bernie! I want my money trees planted soon. Government pays for EVERYTHING. Wait, where do they get all the money from?
Russians have now taken over our elections while the GOP sit back and let's it happen
Russian ideology is taking over the US, let’s do something about it JC
Thankfully!  He will have town hall events!  I voted for him the first go round! #yourlastterm 
Yep sort like Republicans letting far right take over a sensible party-please step up and bring common sense solutions back
Finally, people leadership.  Someone who hears us! #ShePersisted #unitedwestand
John Cornyn us taking over unemployment | Next Election | Texas Voters #sad #fail #pickle #golfpants
At least he fights for what he believes is best for AMERICA and his constituents...not for what's best for RUSSIA. And he has Town Halls...
As a moderate conservative, given the choice between oath breakers like you and your ilk, I'll take a chance on moderating Sen. Sanders.
maybe John Cornyn should follow Bernies leadership capability & take over the Republcan party.  Quit casting stones
John's a closet supporter.
Cool; maybe we can have two parties instead of crypto-Republicans like Hillary Clinton.
VENEZUELA HERE WE COME...NOT!
No, actually, he isn't. We could discuss this at a town hall.
How sad is that?  Bernie is the best they have to offer?
You may not agree with his policy ideas (I do, though!) but Bernie has shown a level of integrity that it utterly lacking in your party ATM
Quite a statement, Johnny. It's like saying  a delusional, egomaniacal, pre-dementia, buffoon has taken over the Repubs...ah wait a minute
The young and upcoming leaders of the Democrat party.
Better than Russian's taking it over. What are you doing to stand up?
Oh joy. Jeremy Corbyn comes to America.
Can't sleep because you've sold out your constituents? Nah, that would imply a conscience and appropriate introspection.
That's a good thing. It's called leadership. You might try it
The only time I want to hear about a Democrat from you is when you finally do something bipartisan for our country.
Oh hun, you just don't get it, do you?! Clean up your own house before pointing to others. Have you been paying attention?
The Russians have taken over the Republican Party.
democrats are not a viable political party to majority of citizens
- Populist movement grows & if Trump won't deliver, others will. GOP = head in sand. Populism + Putin = 45
Bernie over the alt-right and Russian spies any day. How are you so blind to what your party has become? Guess it matched your ideology
So what.. Get the Russians out of yours then we will talk.
So no more Democrats, were now going to have a Socialist party. Have none of these people SEEN Venezuela lately??
He is a voice on how to treat people right.  GOP right now puts $ over people.  Bernie behaves like a real Christian
When people get older and seneality  seeks in .Every one needs to. Feel love.
Bernie must be contributing to all nonprofit organizations/ infatuated oops sorry I ment to say infrastructures/ obama care/ any. One else ?
that might cause U some concern @SenTedCruz @RepRWilliams @indivisibletxjc @maddow  we will vote 2018/2020
I'll take Socialism over klepticracy.  Purge Trump and I'll reconsider.
and Putin is poised to take over the Presidency.
If HRClinton didn't get info from federal "wiretappers", BSanders may have been O's successor.
#russia #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #coverup #DOYOURJOB #work4TEXANS
"Conservasplaining".
The Russians and the alt right have taken over ours. Throwing stones in glass houses and all....
Good -- that's just what is needed; someone to lead everyone down the road to total devastation....
When will you investigate the Russia connection to our election?
No
Trump took over yours and what's sadder is that you like it. What a cuck!
Hillary will stop him again!
Have you cleared out your office voicemail box though?
Now I know they've lost all hope.
