@fox7austin I hope the voters oust her from office for disregarding the safety of those in Travis county and the state of TX.
When will you be sworn in as Governor - the State of Texas needs alot of help
I hope you're surrounded by those who will support you and encourage you. This must be done. Its so outta control.
Obviously it's dayton, I'm stayin!
Kidding of course...
We're with you, Governor. Sweep the corruption out.
@elohimis1 any person in law-enforcement doesn't follow law should be accountable/crimes committed bythese criminals released
God bless!
@reniburton correction: Sheriff Sally Hernandez made her own policy denying ICE requests. The swamp is everywhere.
hope happen are will turn into california
is it only happening in Austin?
thank you! Stay strong
@elohimis1 Good for Gov. ABOTT?
@JohnCornyn Did u even read the article? They're US CITIZENS. She wasn't unlawful & it wasn't Her who made those decisions
@JohnCornyn how do we take this frustration and turn Texas blue... or at least get rid of these jokers?  I'm up for ideas
Move to CA or NY
You don't care about women and children, unless they're white, christian, virgin folks.
Racist?
#alternativefacts stop lying. If you cared about women you'd stop defunding their healthcare! #WomenAreNotProps
abortion is not healthcare, it's deathcare!
You're a good man Mr Abbott, go get 'em!
They were US CITIZENS. Has nothing to do with ICE. 
Wait, I thought y'all were all about "local control?" Oh yeah, unless you don't like the locality. #resist
@JohnCornyn There's a reason Austin consistently ranks in the top two cities to live in....and it's not you.
its also not illegal alien sexual predators
@JohnCornyn I see what you are doing!!!!   I see it. I see the hate you are spreading.  #fakechristian
@JohnCornyn how about that town hall?
Why so you can yell and stomp your feet and waive signs...ya that's productive
@JohnCornyn I want a complete list of the released an offensives made available. How much is reality & how much is politics?
@DrBuckinghamTX YOUR #constituents want the FACTS. Produce a list of the release & their charges. #SD24 #TXLEGE
Ask the Sherriff sure she has that info
I am thinking even more seriously about returning toTX, let's see who is the better governor,Greg abbott or minnesotas greatLib mark dayton?
Please direct DPS to arrest those criminals. WILCO and Georgetown will be more than glad to detain
*ON BAIL* ICE hold request denied is not 'freeing criminals' Gov's weasel words= reaction instead of thought
Governor I agree with you. Focus on the real criminals and stop using undocumented immigrants as scapegoats.
Illegals and it is a crime to be here... don't pick and choose your own laws
In America, we don't call people not yet convicted of anything "criminals." That doesn't change just b/c they're brown.
You do know - foreigners don't have American rights don't you?
Turns out your list is that of US Citizens. Quit the grandstanding and do your real job.
Right on, Glen!  Abbott will say anything to gin up the fear.  He is an embarrassment.  #isupportsanctarycities
how is it possible that municipal police are ignoring State/Federal Laws without consequences?  Anarchy
Shut em down Gov, we are with you
we made a mistake in voting you in
Greg this has got to stop.  Can I do anything?
@JohnCornyn this is a lie
@JohnCornyn liar!
BUILD THAT WALL!
Pse send NBA bathroom crashers back to New Orleans Bathrooms if that is where they want to go. TX real men us male bathroom
I love my Governor!! In Texas we have his support! God bless POTUS, TX gov Abbot and USA.
Thank you!
@JohnCornyn SHUT UP! Just SHUT UP! You are evil lying to everyone!
what about the violent offenders that aren't illegal immigrants? Clearly this is a racist agenda.
Governor prayers are even higher. All illegals must be contain. Hispanics that are here legally are protesting to ban again
they want the ban on and wall build.
@linckerney She needs to be investigated and prosecuted if she broke any laws.  Shut down local sheriff dept+replace if need.
Just have Sheriff Hernandez arrested already for breaking the law.
If they were violent offenders, they should not have been released, but how do you know? POTUS's fake news?
@JohnCornyn you guys are ray of light in a currently dark world. Your work is making TX a beacon to the rest of Nation. Thnx!
@JohnCornyn don't promote politics. You are lying. The ines that were released were primarily US citizens.Austin Co. is right
@CounterJihadUS Surely thete must be a process for removal of incompetent and corrupt LE.
#biggot #racist #gregfaggott #bittercripple #crippled
you sure go out of your way to use the word illegal in any sentence to spark up the ignorant masses
support for you from a patriotic NYer
@SenTedCruz I hope you are all working together. Texas is the greatest state, keep it that way!
@JeffBerk3 great to hear govenor. Now we just need 49 more govenors to do the right thing for this country.
@JohnCornyn Native Texan here--more crooks in govt high level positions (y'all included). You have a p***y grabber inthe WH!!
Also look into border patrol employees who want fence vs. wall & their financial reports, keep'em honest MAGA
get it done man and lock up that worthless sheriff.
@JohnCornyn I'd like a job where I make up issues, then solve those made up issues
@JohnCornyn both of you know you only keep our jobs if you distract your voters from the truth ...
Isn't she breaking some law in doing this? It is disgraceful and should be illegal. She has to go!
Thank you!
I cannot trust you after you allowed Bank of America to take over whole Texas Counties while you watched Nueces v Mers!!!
A Republican white man talking = lies.
at least they should have electronic ankle braces to monitor movement while on probation
why is it that you as Gov. can not arrest her for this ? meaning why is there not law to stop this endangerment to the public
I will say it as it is. You are a pathetic hypocrite that has sold his conscience.
@JohnCornyn This is a morality war.God sees the hatred in the hearts of Cornyn & Abbott.Pope Francis gave us moral directive
Thanks Governor. Hope you can stop this attack on the good people of Texas.
#NoSantuaryCities
@JohnCornyn since when did the state decide to insert itself in local government  that's big government right
is that you in this photo?
#factsmatter Sanctuary cities make us safer. Saying otherwise over and over doesn't make it true. No #ethics
how do sanctuary cities make anyone safer?
you resigning? Unexpected, but acceptable.
@FuhrerTomBrady she should have been removed by all means
@FuhrerTomBrady DEPORT HER
@FuhrerTomBrady TRAITOR SALLY
dzns? Qntfy & categorize. Cant accept the way you punished the citizens of Travis by taking 1.5M n funding.#mustbeabetterway
God bless you Governor!
she's an obama wannabe? She should be arrested for releasing criminals who may have committed crimes!!!
@JohnCornyn what happened to your Madrina? Does she approve?
@JohnCornyn lies, Abbott lies, ask him how many white old sex offenders are living next to you!
we see you are still a bully. That's not how to govern a state.
@JohnCornyn I vote and I do not support u or this approach to immigration. Think harder to balance people w/laws
To spite the opposition, ICE have released known hard core criminals
in the hopes of being able to say "I told you so"  What kind of people endanger the public for political agenda?
Please do. Thank you sir.
she seems to be thumbing her nose at the governor.
@JohnCornyn Link to verifiable source of numbers, please.
@JohnCornyn U R a liar & U R misrepresenting what is going on. Why don't U put an end to UR bullying? Clueless fear mongerer!
Yes, they did indeed release Ken Paxton. Even more irresponsible, Spring Shadows Glen released Dan Patrick long ago.
@JohnCornyn "Big government is bad!! (Unless we're the big government)" You guys are ridiculous hypocrites.
does that include @KenPaxtonTX ?
@JohnCornyn Where's a tree when you need one. TIMBER!
@JohnCornyn You guys make a good couple
@JohnCornyn Lots of Red blooded Texans commit crimes. But by all means demonize the few immigrants who do.
Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it!
Of course, my favorite is the British businessman we released on bail after his arrest for selling weapon parts to Iran
Oh, and there's more than a few teachers out on bail after having sex with minor students.
Remember that time Texas released a parole officer on bail after she was arrested for producing child pornography?
please but on a batman suit. Please PLEASE put on a batman suit!
please do!!!
Please have Sheriff Sally Hernandez arrested for releasing violent criminal immigrants. She is a DANGER TO SOCIETY.
how does she get away with this crap?
Thank you Gov. Abbott. Sheriff Sally Hernandez isn't doing her job. She need to step down, or be replaced.
@POTUS ENOUGH OF LAWLESS PEOPLE WHO ARE IN AUTHORITY! If they cannot be compliant to what a higher authority orders,FIRE THEM
@Bfif 
Get em Gov!
GO GOVERNOR GO! KICK SOME ASS!
Great!! Gov. You are my hero!  With you and Pres Trump, there's hope for America.
Gregg Abbott totally gets it, and is not afraid to say it. Love him dearly.
Please hurry. This insanity has gone on long enough.
God Blessed Texas with Gov Abbott and blessed USA with Pres Trump! 
why are regressives so self destructive?? they welcome islam, they welcome illegals to commit crime, waste $$$... WHY??
Did she take an oath to protect Americans? Arrest her! She is in violation
TX is damn lucky!
Yes we are!! 
Both of you should read the article to the end. The ones they released were US citizens
then do it, we r tired of waiting!  What r we waiting on, them to kill someone?
you're awesome and glad to call you my governor! #dontmesswithtexas
Don't pay any mind, he's just beating his chest.  He'll get tired and need a nap soon.
who is going to cook your food if all immigrants are targeted? You will bring business in TX to a halt.
I know you'll get em' Governor !!
God bless you and thank you!!!!
yet some non violent victim-less criminals get put in a hole and forgot and ignored in TX for things done long ago. Cruel&Un
@debameyers Why is she in office? What is preventing her dismissal?
there has to be a way
what about your buddy Paxton? And u do nothing 
@GovAbbott commits economic terrorism against Travis Co law enforcement
@GregAbbott_TX
I hope you do, Sir.  I hope you do.
it would seem these officials are not working in the Publics trust. If harm to the Public due to this they are to blame.
sounds like she violated her oath of office fire her please !
and you allow and pay schools to turn their backs on innocent children. I dare say, I see no difference
Gov. ur not being truthful. But you are throwing red meat to those who take you at your word. Shame on you. It's sleazy!
@Merry__Can  ty deport them all fire the sheriff
.@GregAbbott_TX   They were released to audition for the @NFL and the @NBA.
@Merry__Can
It's pathetic that this Sheriff cares more about Illegals than the law abiding citizens of the county.
what you're describing isn't even possible. The organs would be ruined. This fake news is literally insane.
Time to demand her badge! 
Let's have some proof.  Abbott will say anything to gin up fear.  He lies regularly @ voter fraud. This is no different.
#fire her
you better hold her accountable, just as we as citizens are....
thank you for working hard to keep us safe
Racist.
guess that's why he is married to a Hispanic,huh?
He figures he has her vote.
Racist is the only thing left-wing nuts know how to say.
call out the Texas Rangers, get her for aiding,harboring, abetting criminals. Sex crimes..good-gosh-o-mighty!!
good work Governor.   Get them out of Texas.   Former Democrat
Keep up the good work!
SIR fire her ass
She is an embarrassment to the state of Texas.  If my child were still at UT, I would yank him out.  She is endangering all
Shouldn't your office validate this type of thing before tweets are sent?  This does not help conservatives cause.
We have a house in Travis Co (lived here for 15 years). Greg please end this illegal sanctuary biz! Thanks, we'll vote for u
hurry
if this Sheriff in Travis isn't stopped it will bring out many more just like her! Get her out !!
~@GregAbbott_TX You are screaming about the Feds reimbursing you for wall duty. Who's paying for local jails doing the Fed's work for them?
There are reimbursement funds for that as well.
That is the main issue for many cities being called "sanctuaries," so the reimbursement isn't enough.
any comment on Ken Paxton? crickets crickets
best Gov in USA !
Why would you post a report that points out your obvious lies? Your tweet assumes people won't read the article.
The governor is without shame.  He'll say anything to gin up fear among the mindless sheeple who support him
Thank you sir!
this is why all women should be carrying
: Put her in jail!
Thank you, Gov. Abbott...it's about time to stop the lawlessness. Texans deserve better than being invaded by criminals.
we need to look at all legal means to have her removed
