So does CAN CORNYN
I'd prefer "shut up, Cornyn."
'President Traitor' has the ring of truth.
"Can Cornyn" has a ring to it.
Not as nice as "Shut down Meals on Wheels," though. Way to go, Republican.
TEXAS: GET RID of CORNYN
Cork-it-Cronyn has a better ring. #PutACorkInIt #Bahahahaha #GOPIsComPutin  #Resist Stand up for America!  We're Democracy Democrats!
You're a #hypocrite and you don't even try to hide it. Aren't you ashamed? Even a bit? Listen to us, #texastownhall #resist
So does "crush Cornyn"
'Shutup Cornyn' sounds better.
How about Corrupt Cornyn?
#LastTermCornyn has a great ring to it!
so does Can Cornyn
Not unlike block everything Obama puts out even if majority Americans want it & it saves thousands of lives.
Kinda like what you did to Merick Garland for no other reasons then GOP likes to strongarm to "win" regardless the fallout.
Just like fighting and sabotaging ACA just to "win" while have zero good solutions except to strip millions of affordable HC.
"Get ready rid of John Cronyn" has a better ring to it!
I'm so tired of this partisan bickering.
I've tried to like you, but now U R Trump. You sold your soul him. How do you ignore who he really is???
Thank you, Senator Schumer, for doing your job.  Wish Texas Senators would do likewise.
Senator Cornyn, you are on the wrong side of history. U need to go.
You have turned into a Trump brown noser who cares nothing about his constituents. 75248 #TownHall
The ring is hollow due to hypocrisy of #GOP shut government down once, almost twice. Bridge gaps-work together
seems just fine to me. The shoe is now on the other foot. Quite apropos.
Shutdown Cornyn has a better ring!
really...more obstruction from the Rep party...that's just sad and pathetic.  Nice to know where u stand...
Get to work, John. We've got your number. Stop this insanity.
Schumer has our back.  Why don't you
where were you when your boy @tedcruz was reading DrSeuss on the Senate floor?Didn't hear you whining @chuckschumer
I like these too:
“Can Cornyn”, “Junk John”, “Catapult Cornyn”, “Jaded John”. You’re favorite?
So does "Can Cornyn".
Cannot wait for your attempted re-election.
Do you like the sound of can Cornyn? 2020 can't get here soon enough.....
Jobless John sounds much better. #doyourjob #yourtxconstituents
Trump lost popular vote to Clinton by almost 3 mill. & to other candidates combined by over 10 mill...
So quit trying to claim you are doing what citizens of US want.
you are on the wrong side of history. #kissyourseatgoodbye #yourtxconstituents
'Can Cornyn' sounds better,.... you establishment tool
I like " Head Clown"
these nasty tweets you've been posting lately are not becoming. Be a professional or prepare to be voted out in 2020. #doyourjob
I am your constituent. I wish u and @tedcruz were 1/2 as good as @SenSchumer
John, you are a fine to condemn anybody ! At least @SenSchumer works for his constituents! U work hard 2 avoid yours
"Sh*tcan Cornyn" does too. #CantWaitTillElectionDay #CornynFailedTexas
Obstruction isn't working for you this time around? You are a hypocrite on a short timers list. #DoYourJob
@SenSchumer Thanks, but I'd rather pass. Last time was damaging enough. So much research, gone.
if you do not start working together we will vote you out of office & find somebody who will.  Come have a townhall
funny.. didn't  GOP shutdown the government over the debt ceiling ?
You are my senator. Tonight that embarrasses me. You've resorted to name calling and put downs. Lovely. So presidential of you.
I really hope you are not the real senator. If so, your comments are inappropriate for your job as a senator.
yes! As long as that shut down means you don't get paid! You don't listen to those you SERVE, why should you get $?
Why do you keep citing the Washington Examiner and not the Post?

'No Show Cornyn' has the ring of truth!
#whereiscornyn He'll be out on the street soon if he keeps ignoring his constituents #KeepACA

1981, a GOP President vetoed the Dem. Senate's budget. Shut down the government.
December 1982, shutdown because Reagan wouldn't approve job spending supported by both chambers, both parties.
November 1983, Reagan refused to pass education funding in favor of buying more missiles.
September 1984, another stalemate caused by Reagan. This time over public works.
October 1986, no one agreed on anything. Dem. House made dramatic concessions. GOP Senate and WH did not.
1987 and 1990, Dems concede. GOP WH doesn't give an inch.
seems familiar, didn't Rs do this once or twice? Don't like Ds learning from your playbook?
the GOP started the shut down games so stop griping
- remember Green Eggs & Ham? The party that ADMITTED goal was not to work for Am ppl but instead be sure 44 was 1 term Pres?
Shutdown the GOP has a better ring to it!  Your 'president' is causing great havoc!...At the expense of US citizens!
Definitely showing your true colors these days, not very pretty or "Christian"
corner Cornyn has a ring to it too.  grow up.  do your job.
he learned from the best these last 8 years - the obstructing GOP! You built this!
hey can you remind everyone when you are up for re-election?
Again things are changing you should really think more twitter less 2018
shouldn't you be above name calling? GOP has the majority. The buck stops with you.  Quit blaming Dems.
John, it's fiscally irresponsible to spend billions on the wall Mexico was supposed to pay for, and you know it.
we prefer vote out Cornyn.
how about run an effective government? Does that have a ring to it? Guess not. It's all abt defeating your opponent
Said the man that can not wait to kick 24 million off health care and give rich donors big bucks
sounds good to me!  trump lost my total respect when he got into office and showed his true character, or lack of.
I kinda like “Corral Cornyn” or “Jettison John” better
You violated your oath to the Constitution by not giving Garland his hearing. As a Republican I can't forgive that.
John... your win wasn't a mandate. Just accept that. Do your job.
Weird you didn't call Ted Cruz that when your party caused a shutdown
Shutdown Trump sounds even better, Senator.
i prefer "no Townhall Johnny" myself. At least Chuck seems to give a few more shits than you about us! #uRtheSWAMP
shut you repubes down is the best thing! TEXAS DOES NOT LIKE YOU!
So glad he's doing something to stop 45s enablers from destroying everything.
How easily you forget all the time you have done the same for less important things... selective memory perhaps? 
hilarious when it was the gop who last shut down the gov and caused the US credit to downgrade with childish tactics
#ShutdownSchumer because he is a clown, and a jackass.
Oh, the irony of republicans lamenting that democrats are threatening to shut down the government. So, ok if the GOP does it.
'Treasonous Trump' has a better ring to it
Vote out Cornyn/Cruz sounds a hell of a lot better!!!!!!!!!
Jackass John? Cornyn Crapper? How do you like it?
Shut down Cornyn has a better ring.
