We r working 2repeal &replace you and Trump, and Chaffetz, McConnell, Toomey and other profiteering hypocrites. #TrumpRussia
Cindy,  Ryan and trump are on 2 sperate teams. Ryan is funded by soros.  Trump is for the people.#draintheswamp
@realDonaldTrump
Trump is most definitely not for the people!!
Donald trump donated 29,000 to hurrican mathews victims. Did hillary or obama. No!
Obama donated all 1.4 million of his Nobel Prize money to charity, but nice try!
thats a drop in the bucket compared to all the money he took from tax payers
I agree TRUMP has taken alot from tax payers the man who doesn't pay taxes!
It goes hand in hand. Look how many people have been out of work. College kids cant find jobs. We need investors but they take risks
.@SpeakerRyan You're taking life saving healthcare away from 30 million people. Why are you so giddy about it? Rich friends rewarding you?
No healthcare is an individual responsibility; your guaranteed Freedom, not goods and services!
civilized countries consider healthcare a basic human right.
the only right is AIR. other rights, freedom, property, are dependent on good govt., and work.
With your definition, children, and those with disabilities, old age, severe illness would be left to die.
No I honestly believe Charities & family are the best way to help those in need.
In a perfect world, yes.  Not everyone has family.
so then forcing othersto pay, is the way to solve the problem. I think compassion is the better way.
I can't believe you are proud of taking health care from people because they are not wealthy like you. most people like ACA
Now that's a load of crap. How could anyone love double digit rate increases and less coverage?
one might also ask how can anyone believe a party cares for poor people when they make most laws to help rich @SpeakerRyan
That's a false argument. Trump's tax plan helps the poor, and middle class as well as anyone else.
. False in your OPINION. let me repeat, the privilege can not relate.
You should really do yourself a favor and look at his plan. It really does help the lower and middle income brackets
I am in the the lower bracket I now pay $32 a month,with ACA. With Trumpcare I will pay over $1000.
We were discussing Trump's tax plan. Also the health care cost are still being calculated.
@michele0767 No good human being esp a christian would want people to go without health care
just like he's okay using #OPM to pay for endless trips to Mar-a-Lago, just not LIHEAP and Meals on Wheels.
just get it over with and start rounding up the poor & working people. We're not "real"Americans, right Lestat?  #RyanCare
we could start the hunger games
@POTUS, @realDonaldTrump TRUMP RYAN ACT CARE may it live in infamy through history #TRACtrash
@POTUS @MitchMcConell let's call it TRUMP RYAN CARE from now on. Make sure you, Senate, Congress, WH, Cabinet is covered by it
Like Dante's Inferno but with steps instead of rings
Wish you would figure out, step by step, why you and congress are polling worse than herpes. Maybe it's your "agenda".
@POTUS, @realDonaldTrump New plan will be called TRUMP RYAN ACT CARE  "TRAC" come on everyone, retweet, #TRACtrash
But, replace it with something that provides at least equivalent access/coverage/cost; certainly conservatives can do that.

#BREAKING: Trump met with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak at a "VIP reception" on 4/27/16

#trumprussia #russiagate #resist @Khanoisseur 
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/03/carter-page-russia-trip-trump-corey-lewandowski-235784 …
Mr Speaker how on earth any good Bill won't pass 60 votes reconciliation You know it's not a good Bill.
NO HEALTH COVERAGE FOR NON US CITIZENS PERIOD!
What's the deal with the tax cuts to the rich in this?
<< This worse than Obama care, we don't trust you, Paul Ryan or @kevinomccarthy - Plz support Rand Paul's bill.
that's code for this won't be easy!
no. You're trying to fool us with this Obama lite bill. Just pass the bill you did 15 months ago & quite breaking promise
.
Like I said before,universal health care is the answer paid for by taxation.
and tax the wealthy!  What's with cutting taxes for the wealthy?  Stupid!
.
There is nothing we can do about it,but just hope and pray that people will see what republican are all about.
We will resist.  And we will vote these corrupt politicians out of office
.
Not easy,until we can get special interest lobbyists out of politics,so we can choose our true leaders #USA .
Considering that @SpeakerRyan and others are not interested in those who elected him, you are sadly correct
Promises were to repeal period. Democrats brought in the "replace" idea. Let the people replace by buying what they want.
What do you propose people do if they cannot afford insurance but have too much money to qualify for Medicaid?
The middle class can't afford the current rate hikes and becoming uninsured. The old system cheaper and better-not perfect
If thus plan is do good, why do they not have the same plan? All politicians need to be replaced. They ALL lie. GOP and Dems.
Hopefully you End the IRS Fines for people who don't have insurance and the 29 Hour Rule and the 49 Employee Rule.
can we repeal your Golden plan and replace it with crap like this??
we the people want to completely repeal. We don't need you to replace it. People walking around with $500 cell phones not poor
stop the runaround gutting Medicaid doesn't lower our cost. Dont rush legislation
"By using budget reconciliation, we are trying to avoid meaningful debate & discussion..."
tweeting your lies doesn't make the true jackass
I think you are trying to destroy President Trump!
6) ‘Truly, I say to you, as you did it to one of the least of these my brothers, you did it to me.’ Matthew 25:35     Live it.
5) or naked and clothe you?  And when did we see you sick or in prison and visit you?’  And the King will answer them,
4) and feed you, or thirsty and give you drink? 38 And when did we see you a stranger and welcome you,
3)  I was in prison and you came to me.’ 37 Then the righteous will answer him, saying, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry
2)I was a stranger and you welcomed me, 36 I was naked and you clothed me, I was sick and you visited me,
1) You speak of your Christian beliefs: For I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink,
go ahead and pass this and watch the Republicans lose control of congress in 2018.
ph1: we say u'll keep your insurance ph2: u lose your insurance ph3: we blame the Dems. See that was easy #Trumpcare
2/2 Was hard to watch chaos that resulted

Self inflicted wound. Hard to comprehend why he did not communicate the deployment
1/2 My only criticism of Ryan 

He didn't clearly communicate 3 phases NEEDED to repeal/replace Obamacare
This man a TRUMPZOMBIE #BRAINDEAD
please do this explaining phase I. Americans are unsure: Media cannot be trusted to report it. What is phase I exactly?
@GOP Seriously, don't you have any relatives that senior citizens, have health conditions or aren't filthy rich? Get a grip.
you never had to go to work so sick you could hardly stand..just to keep healthcare...yet you rich guys think we need less..ass
3 Phases: 1. Millions lose healthcare. 2. People die. 3. You lose your job!
Try replace THEN repeal? You are putting lipstick on a pig!! Then you will OWN it!
Would laugh if you didn't even have the votes for Reconciliation, but you forgot Phase 4:The people vote you out and Replace it
@JohnCornyn   Too important for thrown together approach.  #Careforall
your family doesnt deserve the perks that come with that office! Nobody will care when your children get sick and die!
can't wait to see what you come up with.  You been talking about this for a while.
@JohnCornyn step one was a doozy! Do more for the people who need it. So far, this isn't it.
@JohnCornyn  I say NO to Ryancare! Support Senator Rand Paul and Rep. Mark Sanford’s ObamaCare repeal bill, HR 1072 and S 222.
So much for keeping the part of ACA that ensures policy holders aren't discriminated against for having preexisting conditions
@JohnCornyn Guys, even your Republican constituents hate this plan. Come on now.
repeal yes. Replace no. It's really pretty simple.
@JohnCornyn No one is buying it, gentlemen. Your replacement will hurt Americans and line your own pockets.
@JohnCornyn Three Stooges
@JohnCornyn Members of Congress should have the same health plan as whatever they force on the American people.
@JohnCornyn First one was right into a dog turd.
@JohnCornyn I could barely afford ins with high co-pay & deds while waiting to turn 65. Stop picking on old people We Vote!
@JohnCornyn Let's repeal and replace y'all, starting with the traitor-in-chief. U r racist, Godless fools
@JohnCornyn Your plan takes more away than what it provides. #fail #trumpenabler #unAmerican
Backpedaling already-what happened to repeal and replace with something much better? Apparently you hear all the VOTER outrage!
Retired health care provider here.  You plan enriches insurance companies. Otherwise, it blows.
translation: every step here is a political minefield and we are attempting not to blow ourselves up.
Thank you from all the Millionaires getting a tax break.  You're such a true Christian.
@JohnCornyn why am I skeptical this will benefit all Americans.
@JohnCornyn Gross. We, as millennials, have parents to protect from you. It's not fair for anyone.
please please please explain in what universe you think you can pass a 4 part bill!!!? This Congress can't pass GAS together!
Step 1: don't make things worse. Step 2: don't cause people to die. Step 3: ??? Step 4: Profit
just get it done speaker ryan
@JohnCornyn . REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL, PERIOD
@JohnCornyn John and Ryan are liberals. They can't be trusted.
@JohnCornyn Step by step is Ryan's plan to stall as long as possible. He's hoping to stall until the next election.
@JohnCornyn  Quickest betrayal ever witnessed.  All we heard was repeal & repeal. Now it's - look at this newfangled gov plan!
Look, look- we have credits & penalties & other things.  We aren't doing what we said, but wait - there's more!
@JohnCornyn Is this healthcare that you are willing to have? Be honest Ryan! Who's going to profit from this? Insurance CEO's?
@JohnCornyn are you going to use it?
@JohnCornyn Awesome!
@JohnCornyn insurance across state lines? Lowering healthcare costs? Drug $$$? Medicare A $500 deductible per hospitalization?
@JohnCornyn let's start with a GOOD bill!
@JohnCornyn "Step by step" in taking away millions of people insurance and giving million$ to CEOs of the companies.
@JohnCornyn Great so step by step
I trust you about as far as I can throw you. Maybe not that far.
Liar! Coward! We will repeal and replace you come 2018!
the bill really is not understandable too the people who don't comprehend the slang talk for corrupted hypothesis at Washington
Did you scholars do any actual actuarial research? If you had you would have realized an expanded risk pool lowers costs.
Don't try and "FIX" obamacare!
RomneyCare would be a better alternative to your regressive "choice". The code words are pretty lame
Repeal it first! Lock, Stock, and Barrel. Then come up with a free market solution.
hubsand has work sponsored insurance. We are under the 150k threshold.
can you please answer me? Is the new tax credit for people that pay out if pocket? For example: I pay full price and my...
I get it but I think the next two steps need to be in committee asap in order to get step one passed
wtf have you been doing all these years you have been complaining answer nothing
600 BILLION DOLLAR tax cut for the wealthy! FACT!
lie.
my step-by-step let's do the best Bill we can get
repeal NOW, replace LATER!  Cheese'n Crackers!!!
that's great just don't tie up the Presidents agenda!
What about each state franchise filled with fat cats? Why can state insurance each protect itself and create so much red tape
Speaker's list for replacing Obamacare:
First: Screw the average American
Second: Make it even more complicated to understand
So first, it was all talk and no action.  Now it's a proposal that the GOP can't even unify to support...
Tax breaks for Insurance CEO-level salaries... I suppose that is creating jobs?
step one: #TrumpRussia
Step two: #TrumpRussia
Step three: #TrumpRussia
Step four: #TrumpRussia
Step five: #25thamendment
you are taking a step-by-step approach to line the pockets of the rich and kill the poor and middle class. Bravo! Genious
Whenever you open your mouth ... it's just more bullshit. Your sole aim is to kill healthcare for working men and women. Sad!
just repeal it, don't replace it.
a good start.
get a grip!
this only helps the wealthy families not the general working class people and cost more. Time will tell the truth.
Shush & just do it  puppy
Step 1. Repeal, Step 2. Get the f*ck out of the way and let the free market take care of business.
U r trying to ram down our throats. Flawed up the wazoo. U care nothing for Americans health. Lousiest plan ever conceived.
bullshit load ram and fire
all of you should be replaced
.@SpeakerRyan No more baby steps. @RandPaul will do it in ONE step. Carpe diem.
I want the same insurance that you get that Tax payers are paying for
you had at least 5 years to come up with a tight and solid plan to take care of all americans
Tired of hearing you talk Mr. Speaker. Get this done NOW!! Stop talking and doing town hall stuff. Just get it done NOW!!!!!!!!
Yes, one phase of BS after another Mr. speaker
@SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi D's have great ideas.R's open ears,stop ignoring D's.Put Amer ppl AHEAD of Self Interest
then you must not really want to replace it...all you are doing is trying to undermine the President for unscrupulous purposes
you are doing a sloppy, hurried, deceptive and harmful approach in repealing & replacing -- not even testing the costs? BAD
YOU ARE A LIAR! THIS IS AN AMENDED OBAMA CARE! NOT A REPEAL LIKE WAS PROMISED! YOU NEED TO STEP DOWN SWAMP DWELLER!
@RepKevinBrady great start Ryan hv2mk sure don't squander chance thru legislative process, phasesto rebuild horror of Obamacare

@SecPriceMD @RepKevinBrady @repgregwalden @HouseCommerce @WaysandMeansGOP and it's in a death spiral already, it's collapsing
you aren't fixing this more won't have insurance when your plan starts those with insurance pay for those who don't like before
Face it, the plan sucks and will stick middle America with the bill they cannot pay.   Fail.  Yuge fail!
I will be interested in a independent comparison point by point. Also an independent investigation of Russian issue.
The next step is to repeal and replace you so we can develop a workable health care plan that covers all Americans.
Your plan stinks & gives more to rich!Why do you hate workers & working poor?
New plan's tax credits don't help me, they hurt me. No thanks to new plan.
Please ...you must think Americans are stupid?????this will cut out millions of Americans and you know it
Give up ur healthcare.  Ur plan isn't the promise #45 made. @realDonaldTrump
So the hardship will fall on the backs of average working Americans. All this time and this is all you have?
Your arrogance is stifling! Your essentially saying "this is best we can do" well, your best isn't GOOD enough! We ain't buying
Step by step?  That's not what we said. We said fix the AFCA!!!!!! Stop wasting money. The GOP always waste money.
and it was a bad 1st step
Nothing new here! No innovative plan
Repeal now!
You can't Govern!!!!! You are destroying the middle class. What abt my hard work? No Ins on job.  Because there are No jobs.
I know why PresObama didn't fool with yall!!!! You turning my stomach lying. Republicans created lying. Sick behavior.
How do u look at yourself? How can you call yourself Christian? There is No Wisdom in the WhiteHouse. Only entitlement.
I'm not listening to anymore lying abt ObamaCare. The name u gave AFCA. As Disrespect. Stop stealing from the poor.
@HouseGOP @NancyPelosi Good ol Rip Van Ryan wastes 6 yrs & now presents a half-ass POS. It is not bi-partisan, favors the rich!
This guy is a weasel. Look how he lies. ObamaCare is not a disaster. You are lying! We all can see the facts for ourselves!
END PROFITEERING FROM HEALTHCARE!
WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SHOULD HAVE SAME HEALTHCARE AS YOU THE POLITICIAN! Socialism4youonly
no re election for you Paul! So easy to criticize, much harder to do the work huh?
Really hard to tell who is the biggest liar you or Trump.
The American people deserve better than GOP DAILY BULLSHIT
#NOPLAN
meaning deciding as it goes!
We are going to replace you
what's the difference between the mandate and the hiking rates for not having insurance?
replace should come before repeal. Leaving millions without coverage while you try to figure out what to do is wrong
Why are Republicans so determined to repeal "Obamacare" rather than make corrections to the existing law? Party Over People?POP
@HouseGOP All Americans deserve affordable access to high quality health care your admin promised this to voters  it's your JOB
How are you going to protect children with disabilities who rely on Medicaid in Wisconsin?
Step 1--step down.
welfare for the wealthy and a Dickensian landscape for the less well off. VERY Christian! SAD!
#ChatBotRyan you will reap what you sow. #Midterms @GOP disaster
losers in your bill, poor elderly and middle income people
work with the freedom caucus. They have better ideas. Are you listening to is?  Not yet.
how can you  vote on a bill you dont know the cost of?
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'VE BEEN WORKING ON THIS 8 YEARS. WITH WHO? LOBBYISTS? CAN'T FACE MY LIB FRIENDS WHO ARE LAUGHING
