Senator, are you saying you have to pass the bill before we can see what's in it?
HOW IN THE HELL IS IT NOT WRITTEN YET? You've had 9 f***ing years!!
AHCA kills Medicaid. Ppl need 2 know our most vulnerable will die. Elderly, hospice, WIC program all gutted.
"Heartless" GOP bill U support!
Nice smart ass response Senator.
That's a problem.  If it was a good bill you would want everyone to know from the beginning.
Ok.  So what of ACA will remain in effect?  What will cause you not vote for the bill if it doesn't contain?
Does that mean you're promoting a bill that hasn't even been written, then? Now that's propaganda.
After 8 years? Maybe if you weren't so busy obstructing, you could have written something. Meet with your constituents then write.
Sir, the majority of people in this country support SINGLE PAYER. Anything that doesn't move us closer to that is a travesty.
Fake news, the majority of people in @hannahtraining's commune support single payer.
So how did you find out what was in it, secret code, you are not telling the truth
But you will vote for it before it is written because Fat Donald tells you to.
If it hasn't been written what the Hell did the house vote on?
And scored by CBO?
Hopefully, because the cbo was so right about obamacare.
What passed the house? What were all those fat white guys celebrating in the WH Rose Garden? A blank sheet of paper?
Wish my job provided me that beer for barely completing my portion of a task.
So why don't you have it? It's not like you haven't been promising something better for 7 years.
You really think your "average Republican voter" will be happy when they find out how many thing they are going to lose including Medicare?
many of these people think cause  they call themselves Republicans they are rich. They are going to be affected like most middle class/poor
@ChronFalkenberg that kind of rudeness belongs to middle school students. What happen to you? Too much sucking up to Trump?
When will we see it?
Fricken scary. I mean fucking, but I don't know the FCC laws concerning Twitter and your incompetency of understanding...anything.
Honestly John,... I don't think you can read or write
So they passed a horrible bill that needs rewritten? SAD! Also how was that Sally Yates burn? You showed your true colors today.
Senator, your voicemail is full and no staffers answered this morning. I am a Texan, reject this mess.
And the House bill is written. Based on that the analysis and criticisms make clear the public response to AHCA so far. #HowDemocracyWorks
In eight years you guys weren't actually trying to write a better bill? Please.
So what passed the House? Blank sheets of toilet paper?!
What I don't understand Senator Cornyn, we've had eight yrs to prepare for "repeal and replace OBC" & just now we're writing it?
a flip comment does not speak much of you
Talk to the Aussies, THEY know what they are doing.
It is written.  I read the first version of the bill.  And I read the amendments. It's online... seriously you need to do your job.
Ha ha triggered
Single payer is more fiscally conservative than our current system. It would cost the government and the people less.
Yes, because lack of competition will always lower prices.
Yeah because Pharma monopolies have done so much to lower prices.
@ChronFalkenberg but then you don't read it.....
@batterman_terri SenManchin is on news Re:his desire 2help Rep with HC bill Call him out on it&ask him 2get involved&we'll see his sincerity
@JohnCornyn Then please explain why something would be passed through Congress before it is even written properly?
Do I hear...crickets?
Didn't you clowns have 7.5 years to have something in place?
*if* you read it...many just drank the #orangekoolaid, stamped their rubber stamp and got on a plane home #2018elections #MAGA #taxreturns
Please don't screw this up and take months to agree on something. You've had 7 years. Get it done!!!
so why did the GOP vote on it? you and they are not getting away with this one- #Trumpdeathcare and NOT A SINGLE WOMAN working on it
trolls.
That is your excuse for this travesty? That the senate will gut the House bill? Midterms senator. MIdterms.
It's written so now read it to us. I'm so mad, mad, mad. You are either with the people or against us for corporate rule.
I would not smart off to her, were I you.
Then we'll just sit quietly and await your generosity. Thank you dear leader
2 days ago @politico was fake news for saying Senate rejects House Bill. Now we are supposed to wait for bill to be written. Which is it?
Duh. But once written, R's in the house didn't read. U said already you are completely for it, as-is. Pathetic.
Even Trump said he liked Australia's healthcare better.
But you support free market healthcare which was in existence for many years before Obamacare. It failed. We need a real solution. Even....
senate gop needs to take control of hcare policy from dems. #1 domestic issue....pass the ahca as written by House w/ amendments
So if it isn't written you vote blindly for it? Figures
Don't be dense the House bill.
Maybe what she's asking for is that ACA has been written for years. You've done nothing to improve that...why would we believe this promise?
the insurance thing is NOT WORKING-no matter how you slice the cheese- SO,...do some trips, do some studies on other countries Univ. HltCare
2603 days @GOP had to craft healthcare bill FOR Americans
2599 days House passes bill
2603th day Majority Whip says House bill not real Bill
You have had 8 years. I recommend you use HR 676, it is already written and would serve all of your constituents, not just the wealthy!
Unlike Obamacare which had to pass before we could see what was in it.

Are you going to give us any clues? Sen. Cassidy actually has some good ideas about transparent pricing. Why isn't he on this committee?
Has GOP thought to read why 42 and others sought to develop a country-wide health plan? 44 enacted what others sought. History matters.
Why not have a series of townhall meetings in Texas to discuss it? Surely Maj Whip has a good sense on what Senate version will contain.
I've heard that song before As long as they come up with a decent bill Thats good 4 all Not changeable according 2 Whims of Sates
But you've had YEARS to write your own bill.
You mean....all that bitching and you've done nothing?
@ChronFalkenberg - in House version, c-sections are PEC, but erectile dysfunction is not PEC. Perhaps some female input? #Image
So you admit that the bill passed in the house was just a ploy to check the box for Trump to get 'something' passed? What a sham.
Please get a few women to help you with that
@ChronFalkenberg - Will women be involved in writing bill? The Committee is all white men. Women's HC concerns are different
Then why bring it up if it hasn't been written yet?
@ChronFalkenberg - What I still don't understand is I thought GOP already had a plan. A great plan we were told. not so much?
No Lisa, that was the Democratic Pelosi that used that ploy.
You are not helping, Senator. People are angry and very frightened and you are not helping.
And how long before the vote will this right be granted,4 hrs like Congress. Most of Congress that voted yes didn't have have time to read.
The real question is will you read the bill and wait for CBO before trying to pass!?! Be better than your House 
You said enact. That means pass not write so her point stands.
Being a smart ass doesn't exude much confidence in you being a PUBLIC servant! Fix ACA & stop politic bs! @All100Senators
Sir, what was just passed in the House?
GOP Senate has had since 2011 to write a bill or fix ACA. Why no women Senators on your healthcare bill team?
So you are saying the Repukes voted yes on a bill not written? That does not help their case!
So the @HouseGOP just passed a bill that hasn't been written? Or are you seriously this bad with writing words.
No, your seriously bad at analyzing a situation. The senate will write its own bill.
Senator, thanks for NEVER returning my phone call. Not even a staffer. Nice way to lose my vote. Done. Native Texan here.
So are you going to pass it before we read itlike the house and before there is a score
7 years it took to 'write' two imperfect versions by your own admission. Bang up job Senator!
We want the plan Australia has. Write THAT legislation. @POTUS  said it is better:
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
Then why are House Republicans taking a victory lap for their "win?"
Being a smart ass is not what we expect of a US senator and OUR public servant. Be a servant and do the work of serving.
Is this the bill the R's have been working on for 8 years?  Bring it on John!  Can't wait to see what you have had YEARS to work on!
They haven't been working on it for 8 years. They did nothing waiting on who would be elected.
If the GOP Senate was going to rewrite HC Bill, then why isn't anything ready to review?  You've only been campaigning on it for 7 years...
And what's included within the bill is a function of the democratic process (the concerns & voices of your constituents)
@yashar. Sounds a tad snarky.  You must be feeling very smug and Republican.
Single. Payer.

Never getting sick or injured is a blessing that shouldn't be lorded over someone else's head.
Which is why Cornyn will betray Americans by writing something more harmful than the house deathcare plan.
Ur a joke. 880 million cut from Medicaid?!
We can read the House version: and a lot of us hate it. Hope you'll do better.
Senator, with all due respect, what is written and passed by the house is what is causing outrage. And people are rightfully appalled.
The person who gets single payer passed in the US will have a great shot at the presidency.
This doesn't excuse GOP members of Congress going on national television and lying about the bill they passed
Single payer would be a truly populist proposal &would have wide bipartisan support. It could be the biggest legislative accomplishment ever
Not your new statements about the 13 Senators who are supposedly going to amend the legislation- Why are no women Senators involved?
That didn't stop the House from voting on a bill nobody read.
We already have the House version. You haven't denounced a single provision and haven't said a single thing you want to improve.
You don't think we have a right to be uneasy about that?
So you mean the Senate version will be the opposite of the House version?
Because the House is gloating over their tax breaks at the expense of the poor and the sick.
So why didn't some of the House GOP read the bill before they passed it?
The House bill has been written; & rich old white men will write the Senate bill.  Gee, what are we so worried about????
