However they seem to have money for top shelf vodka, drugs, designer clothes .
I'd like to know why Republicans can't stand up for the millions who WANT insurance rather than the half dozen who don't?
Stop making up problems. Like how you Rs worry about trans ppl assaulting women in the bathroom. It's not happening.
Focus on the REAL problems. Not this made up young ppl don't want insurance or trans ppl assaulting women BS.
And aren't Republicans all about personal responsibility? Isn't insurance one of the best ways to be personally responsible?
Why should I as a taxpayer and insurance holder have to pay for someone else who chose to not have insurance and then falls ill?
Right, maybe we should let them die in their homes, on the street, or in the public ERs. (3rd world.)
Missed the point. if they don't have ins., WE PAY. I don't want them to die; I want them to be insured.
When is the town hall meeting? #accountability
I pay my auto insurance even though I've never filed a claim. I pay my house insurance though it hasn't burned down yet.
We require these things as part of being a responsible adult with a car or a house.
But perhaps your model is to force young people into indentured servitude to pay off ER bills which they didn't plan for?
neither are required by the Govt. Both are required ONLY if there is a loan outstanding and that's by the lender
I sure hope you're not driving in Texas. Gov't requires auto insurance (or a $55k cash deposit).
only PIP. $25/mo.
Wow, I really urge you to talk to someone who actually has a clue - PIP is precisely what you *don't* have to buy.
You're on the hook for injury liability& property damage *to the other person* in an accident. Yourself? That's extra.
my husband's employer, not the federal government.
Why do I buy homeowners insurance?  I've never had a fire or hurricane damage?
it's like you don't understnd how insurance works.  Dd u know that smtms young, perfectly healthy people sometimes get cancer?
that's how insurance works. Otherwise, it's called pay as you go. #TownHall.
This is how insurance works!! People are covered for the unexpected and lower risk individuals lower costs for all.
Why do safe drivers (like me!) who have no accidents and rare speeding tickets pay premiums and deductibbles for car insurance?
come on! Hospitalization would lead to #bankruptcy . #KillTheBill
Unless you're a Billionaire or oil tycoon, Cornyn doesn't listen.
I am your constituent and i don't understand your reasoning. Could u walk me through your thinking? Town-hall meeting in Houstn?
it's like you get more ignorant each day DeVos is in charge of education.  No surprise there.
My younger sister was healthy. And then she was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes.
Thanks to the high deductible she's going to be paying OOP for all of her care anyway. Why waste money on premiums?
Texas still leads the nation in the number of uninsured people 17 percent. Without a State Marketplace, this will never go down.
I was planning to stay healthy but sickness just crept up on me. Oh yeah, that's why we have health insurance. Nitwit.
Sir surely you understand pooled risk analytics and metrics?  If not people 50yrs or above are totally screwed !!
@TexasGOP
please describe your health coverage and how much you pay.
Is this a parody account? Surely a US Senator would understand pooled risk and how insurance works.
thank you!I was unsure of that term!Pooled risks! That's how instance works
as a "young person", it's not just cost, living is expensive, rent is out of control & wages are slow to rise. Loans. #priorties
BTW I keep tweeting you because the people who work in your office are not too bright, just like you. Barely worth calling.
Is that a sentence? Was Betsy DeVos your teacher? Way to be a role model.
You must not understand how insurance works. #VoteCornynOut
Texas has the option of State Partnership or Marketplace and can do so through legislation EO from the Office of the Governor.
B/c I've seen healthy friends have sudden & costly illnesses/injuries that would have bankrupted them w/o insurance! #wehaveeyes
Ihave to buy car insurance although I've gone more than35 years without accident or ticket.  That's how insurance works! Pools!
If Texas expanded Medicaid, we would be able to look at reducing local property taxes across the board in all counties.
and insurance company rates will go even higher without young people on the books. Get a brain! #Trumprussia #investigatetrump
you are so out of touch with real America.
DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND THE CONCEPT OF INSURANCE? Who in the hell elected you?
How much do you pay for your insurance, grifter?
edit this please so it makes sense
....my medical expenses exceeded the cost of my premiums.  But then I get insurance through....
It's also a bit funny for you to act like the champion of young people: GOP budgets hurt investment in education & development.
#AHCA tax credits give young/healthy incentive to own medical insurance. net cost close to zero for young/healthy.
I am neither young not healthy but I don't ever recall a year where...
So why do I buy car insurance?  I've never been in accident. What benefit is there for me, a safe driver?
It's not a surprise, but your plan won't help the issue. And older people have less earning potential and much higher premiums.
This is how insurance works. Shared risk. I pay 2K+ a year for homeowners insurance, haven't used it. Haven't used auto in yrs.
.@JohnCornyn Absurd! People get insured because of what MIGHT happen. Car crashes, early cancer, etc. Only an idiot would suggest this.
I didn't have health insurance as a healthy 20-something prior to ACA. That's how I ended up with pneumonia!
No but all those pesky old and sick people who need coverage John. What about them?
"Mom, what happened to Grandma?" 
"Paul Ryan killed her for votes."
so why do I have to have auto insurance? I haven't had a claim in 30yrs but I'm still REQUIRED to have it?!
I didn't have ins until I was in college bc my parents couldn't afford it. I bought that shitty coverage in a heartbeat.
try going without health care for a while and maybe you will understand. It's only people WITH healthcare who think like you.
young person doesn't think illness or accidents will ever occur thus no need for insurance. Take blinders off
Did you buy it as a young healthy person or did you have employer insurance?  I had major surgery at the age of 23.
it will be a surprise to them when an unexpected emergency happens. Also, proofread your tweets.
I was 25 & healthy when I suddenly had a pulmonary embolism w no insurance. Still alive $30,000 later. Universal healthcare now.
Is it a surprise that @JohnCornyn will say anything to tow the party line? Would you allow your young people to be unissued? No.
Great plan until she learns her normal pregnancy is not. Her child has a serious heart condition.
Cornyn unemployed #2020
we want single payor healthcare or the same ins u have
the young guy benefited from taxes paid by his elders  Why should old people pay taxes that benefit the young? RELEASE POTUS TAX
They will buy car insurance when they have not had a wreck.
#2018
#2020
Until they have a serious accident. Or develop cancer at 26.
Car insurance required. Health insurance not. Dumb.
#2018
#2020
Wow u r so out of touch
mine don't usually, either. But my husbands broken ankle last year makes up for years of premiums. If no ins, $$$ problems now.
As a senior, I pay dearly for insurance and am grateful for years I don't meet my deductible. Bad years are bad years. Get it?
Umm, don't they buy car/home insurance even when they don't have accidents, etc. exceed prems and deds? IT'S HOW INSURANCE WORKS
Interestingly, he apparently has no problem with a car insurance mandate. Just health.
when they get hit by a bus or cancer & have no way to pay bills you will call them irresponsible. It's hard to defend crap huh!
Your sentence doesn't even make sense. Did you get your education from DeVos?
advising you get your shit together posthaste. Y'all are managing to screw your own people badly on Trumpcare. 2018 is close!
No. Also not a surprise avg 19yo indifferent/ignorant to risk pool. And?
I bought house insurance for over a decade without a claim. Am I stupid? You do understand how insurance works right?
and your plan will guarantee the premiums and deductibles are minimal???? You can't
insurance is for catastrophes not normal expenses. convince young of fact they will buy. gpo plan for elderly is catastrophe.
read your tweet! should be: Is it a..... if ending with a ?. Senators,take time to use good grammar! Question as bad as new plan
I'm 62 and my yearly medical expenses do not even come close to my premiums and deductibles. We need Medicare for All.
2 mos ago, my otherwise healthy 20yr old son had a 4cm cancerous tumor removed from his arm. Under GOP plan, he'd be dead now.
but it's ok that CEOs receive millions of dollars in bonuses.
Hey @JohnCornyn welcome to "how insurance works 101"
Are you using that sweet healthcare plan that our tax dollars pay for? Why do you deserve coverage and we don't?
we pay social security but how many young healthy people would do that w out a law--it is a societal good a societal need
Show me how your increased spending and tax cuts will balance the budget. More like record Republican deficits AGAIN.
do you not know what insurance is?  You are a joke.
It is called Insurance..that is what it does maybe u need to spend sometime educating ur self...FIX ACA maybe hold Town Hall so we educate U
but we have to have auto insurance.    Fix the ACA and don't repeal it.
DUMP TRUMPCARE. LOOK FOR A JOB CORNEY
and I thought The GOP new it all? You guys have no clue. That #Trumpcare is a disaster!
Jesus. Stupidest tweet ever. Why don't you cancel your healthy children's ins and tell us how it goes?  #JoaquinCastro2020
@VanJones68 @CNN Can you believe this nonsense?  Please ask him on air to explain himself. He ignores constituents.
Welcome to the idea of insurance.
Not at all, which is why it has to be mandated, and for the unfortunate few, they ultimately are glad because life!
But what happens when that "healthy" young person goes to the hospital with a broken bone or illness and cannot pay for it!!!
We need NATIONAL health insurance such as is available in Canada or England or indeed ANY civilized nation.  Make it happen.
This is coming from someone who claims to understand how business works? 
Not if they want protection from catastrophic injury / illness, and if the ACA penalty tips the scale.
If _everyone_ bought insurance because it was reliably cheaper than health care it’d be subsidized/socialized healthcare.
geez--this is how all insurance is: premiums exceed expected costs. How long has it been since you've had to pay for yours?
KNOWN yearly medical expenses. Cancer, accidents...shit happens. You know this Senator!
Under Trumpcare, those w/ low to moderate incomes will see their healthcare cost rise by 700% on average. Explain your support.
You're totally disregarding being protected against a castrophic injury. Young people have accidents also.  They need insurance.
in that logic why states make sure that driver have car insurance?
I'm sure you're also against seat belt laws/fines, because it's my personal health, right? Why can the govt compel me there?
no. What is the point of your question?  (That demographic doesn't vote GOP).
until develop type 1 diabetes & need insulin & other meds. But, damn, they didn't have health ins so now debt. #couldhavebeenme
That's how insurance works, you twit!
our suggestion is the ACA the law of the land. Just make it better doesn't need replaced.
.@JohnCornyn THIS IS HOW INSURANCE WORKS.
Trust me, I just love telling a young new mom that she has colon cancer (wtf?), but can only get treated at the county clinic
Check your back pocket for an insurance lobbyist.  I'm sure one of them can explain to you how insurance works.
Ok. Pull ACA, end mandates. See what happens to sick ppl's ins rates. See what happens when young ppl get sick too.
...how much do get paid to ask such idiotic and insulting rhetorical questions? I suspect a LOT more then the average American.
"If you don't like this proposal then what's your suggestion?" you asked rather obnoxiously. Fix Obama care...improve it...
REPEAL ALL OF OBAMACARE!!!
My healthy young son has ACA insurance, $18/month, lives in 79412.  He's a cyclist.  Knows he could have an accident.
what point are you trying to make?
how insurance works! do u get in car accidents daily or r u paying insurance that's greater than what they pay on your behalf?
Health insurance isn't for the average year. It's for a possibly bankrupting extraordinary year. Only the rich don't "get" that.
support clean energy & get rid things in our environment that increase cancer& they might not feel compelled to buy insurance
And when people w/o insurance get sick, file bankruptcy, go on public assistance. Who pays? Me, the taxpayer & consumer pays.
Most young people can barely pay rent and buy food. Do you have any idea what living paycheck to paycheck is like, Johnny?
I don't think you understand how insurance works...
Depends on how risk averse and educated the are, but the fact that some don't is the reason we need a mandate (or better yet, single payer)
@tedcruz @RepPeteOlson @SpeakerRyan just give everyone the healthcare you get #Ryancare
I had a baby @28 that was not covered @new job as pre existing condition no #Ryancare
unless they get cancer, pregnant or other issue.
why does the US Congress have a different plan than the rest of the US Govt?
So why mandate car insurance ?
I haven't made a claim in 20+ years...
That's a stupid argument @JohnCornyn 
You're out !!!
what???
My medical expenses have never exceeded my premiums, yet I've paid for over 30 years. This is the nature of insurance.
is it a surprise that Republicans don't care about older and poor Americans? Or that you don't care about older and poor Texans?
you need to talk to an actuary so you understand how insurance works.
If you could buy car insurance after an accident why would you have it before?  If that is how we did it, it wouldn't work.
So stupid, can't believe @JohnCornyn is my senator. It's like saying "If I'm not being robbed or on fire, why pay for police or fire dept.?"
Senator, please review grammar & usage for interrogative sentences. Thanks.
It is a GOOD year when you don't exceed your deductible, especially when it's an HDHP.
A healthy young person can have an accident or unknown medical condition which would make insurance vital. Don't gamble.
It is a surprise that you have no idea how insurance works...
@SenateRPC Until he's in a motorcycle accident. Then we pay. Uncompensated care flows to us as higher prices for all purchases
it is?  Get them decent paying jobs and hope for a future for themselves and their families instead of tax breaks for the rich
@JoeNBC @morningmika @RepKevinBrady  Perhaps you could explain the concept of insurance to each other and then to those young
ACA proved healthy young people don't think they need insuarance, generally.
is it a surprise when studen debt is the burden they carry? Have a townhall and hear from them.
Is it a surprise that an American would not want to pay for a Useless Wall or Bloated Military Budget?
yes!!! Exactly- I do not wish my hard earned $ spent on either. I need a refund, bigly 
Maybe you should have worked to improve the ACA for the last 7 years instead of ensuring its failure. We're watching #resist
Oh and a reminder, how dare the @GOP allow ins co. to charge whatever they want to people 50-65! I want your health care plan!
Hmmm maybe it's because they are paying off college loans and rent is now more than a mortgage. Get out in the real world John.
Many would feel the same way about auto insurance if it wasn't mandatory. But tax payers end up holding the bag at the end!
a surprise? Were you ever young? Of course someone healthy & young often won't get ins., they don't need it.
I think our gov was a young jogger who got hit by a tree limb and landed in a wheelchair.  Hope he had insurance.
surprised that you favor throwing senior citizens under bus
.@JohnCornyn 25 to 44 yr olds made up almost 50% of the medical bankruptcies in 2013. That was WITH insurance. MAYBE U NEED TO DO HOMEWORK
You should do something about the outrageous costs of healthcare. Maybe some laws against price gouging patients!
.@JohnCornyn Can I apply that idea 2 my federal income taxes? Can you remove that mandate too? If I want I pay them if not, not so much.
So, do you not insure members of your family? Especially children? After all, they're pretty healthy.
First, that's a statement, not a question. Second, it make no sense.
Are you kidding? Appendicitis, cancer, injuries, viruses all come without warning. This is irresponsible thinking!
You also surprised a safe driver doesn't want car insur when yearly collision expenses don't exceed premiums & deductibles?
But, I have to buy auto ins when I haven't had ticket or accident in > 30 years. That's what ins is; spread of risk for co/CAT mgmt 4 me
would you have advised your children to forego health insurance coverage after they graduated college? Of course not. 1/3
As a responsible parent you would tell them to get it just in case. That is what insurance is. 2/3
Can someone translate that question? Seriously. It's so poorly written, I don't know who he's trying to insult.
health care is not a place for insurers to make a profit. Stop the madness
Maybe because they have other things to pay like say IDK, maybe FOOD & RENT???? U R OUT OF TOUCH. Next town hall is?????
No it's not. So maybe a law limiting deductibles and co pays makes more sense and would help more people.
Objection, again, argumentative.  You are a US Senator, you’re not paid to be melodramatic. #propagandaJohn
No! But they shouldn't be penalized if they do buy.
I always bought health insurance from age 17 on. Y wouldn't today's young people?
BOOM a car accident, job accident & debt 4 10 or 20 years.  Everyon1 should have insurance. Life can bite u in the ass.
if you don’t understand how insurance works perhaps you should avoid tweeting about it.
also, plenty of young people end up bankrupt due to unexpected medical events when without insurance
my car insurance premiums also exceed the cost of my yearly car damages ($0). So why must I carry auto insurance?
true. It is a gamble. Pre ACA I didn't have insurance 4 this reason. But I lived in fear of a car accident, cancer, etc.
Wow. Just wow. I guess it's no problem if the young person with no insurance becomes seriously ill or breaks limbs?
I'm 70, never had claim on home/auto policy, seldom med claims > premiums. Guess you think I'm a fool. No. Solid citizen.
I did. I know my health is not just in my hands. Car accidents, falling pianos, flu, could all put me in the hospital.
When I was young, my mom taught me emergencies happen and I need insurance. So I got insurance.
It's suppose to be like corporate insurance. The ones that never use it. Make up for the people that dye.
it would be cheaper for us to just get sick and die, according to repubs.
It would help if you would restate this in an understandable way. With that said, you really need to understand how ins works.
What are you trying to say? Did you skip English 101? Look up the definition of insurance.
don't drink and tweet
then why does Texas REQUIRE car insurance? Please stop being a shill! #CornynFailedTexas
I buy other  insurances: homeowners, car, flood, liability, home warranty, ++ without any claims. Don't you? Age is irrelevant.
Humans don't easily assess risk, probabilities. Insurers must understand. You and Paul Ryan don't understand pooled risk.
Insurance is especially needed for low probability, high consequence events. Young ones don't think that will happen.
wait r u turning in ur seat for a comedy show. Is this legit how u feel? As idiotic as 45. Insurance definition. Google it.
Your point is?
It is a surprise a healthy young person would not buy auto insurance when yearly collision costs do not exceed premiums and ded.
BECAUSE THEYRE NOT PAID A LIVING WAGE!  smh.
do u understand how insurance works?!?! It's there when u need it!
It was a surprise that veterans can't get VA coverage unless they're under the poverty cap (INCLUDING spouse income!).
It is a surprise a serial drunk driver would not buy liability insurance when SR22 premiums exceed his liquor bill.
Do you have car insurance? Me, too. #TrumpRussia #DoYourJob
I am starting to believe this is a parody account - @IntentionallyCluelessCornyn or something
Not a surprise. But should be persuaded to buy catastrophic.
This tweet makes zero sense. You don't have truth on your side.
