Besides Prayer, what will you and Congress DO?  Please LEAD! We are divided;  surely SOMETHING CREATIVE can be DONE? #ElevatetheConversation
If you had your way, how many victims wouldn't have healthcare insurance?
The $27,750 in NRA donations makes you complicit & a hypocrite.
Senator, struggling with how to stop mass deaths.  In 24 mo. we have prayed after 20 mass killings.  Yet nothing is done, when will it stop?
Instead of praying, support commonsense gun laws that make assault rifles, large clips, and automatic conversion illegal. NOW. #LasVegas
Your 'thoughts & prayers" are written on wet toilet paper & worth nothing & the blood of the 58 murdered victins is on your hands
Pray is not enough.We DEMAND common sense gun laws.NO ONE should be able to shoot a hundred rounds in seconds #LasVegasShooting #GunControl
I'm praying Republicans put American lives before campaign contributions from the NRA or RESIGN!
Christ commanded we act to alleviate pain and suffering in the world, not "pray for victims." Get off the NRA's payroll and DO SOMETHING!
We don’t want your prayers! Be ashamed and do something! How can you live with yourself?!!! Monster
Blood on your hands. Shame on you.

Perspective | Why 'thoughts and prayers' is starting to sound so profane
Please watch this:
What will you do besides pray?? It's time for legislation. Gun reform now. - your constituent in Fort Worth, Texas
Whatever.  You voted against background checks.  You are part of the problem.
Was the $27,000 donation money from the NRA WORTH IT? How does it feel to know you indirectly helped to kill them?
What does it say about beliefs without acts? You are an embarrassment.

That gun you carry in your gym bag would have been useless in Vegas.
“Faith without works is dead” (James 2:26) Keep your prayers to yourself. Pass #GunControlNow
You politicize this issue with the comments you make
You call it disgusting that people want to look at how to prevent this from happening again, I think your comments are disgusting
You’re one of the top recipients of NRA funds. Will you renounce any further donations from the NRA from future campaigns?
Tighter security for senators 
ACA for congressmen 
+ tax breaks for the rich = full set of entitlements. Well done.
Will you support the Automatic Gunfire Prevention Act so a massacre like this will never happen again?
Prayers with out action are wasted
What are the stats on the results of your previous prayers? Did you forget to pray hard enough after pulse nightclub, so now this?
Politicizing this tragedy beyond disgusting? Tell the NRA. Beyond disgusting = your choice to let Texans and Americans die from gun violence
LEGISLATE, Senator.  Close the gun show loophole, and outlaw weapons of war.  NOBODY needs an automatic weapon.
You can shove your prayers. #TexasIsTurningBlue
You know what's disgusting? Your refusal to consider any reasonable form of gum control. The founders didn't mean this. #GunContolNow
*gun, although the original works too
Do you plan to donate the money @NRA gave your campaign this cycle to the victims and their families?
Why don't you just throw the 10 grand you got from the @NRA at them, would be genuinely more sincere. Remember you prayed for Orlando too.
Oh great...more prayers.  You could actually DO something to stop this but instead you chose to take money, watch people die and "pray."
Appeals to Govt to address the US gun violence epidemic honors victims & NOT political. Doing zero because you depend on NRA $ is political.
I just think politicizing our grief and moments of silence to dodge the subject of gun legislation is disgusting.
How much money did you take from the NRA. #nraisamericaisis
Please do more than pray.  You're a leader,  so lead already.
Bite me. Pretty words poured from an empty vessel. #EvilGOP

It would show respect to the victims to work with the Democrats to enact gun control laws no average citizen needs automatic weapons
Did you take money from the NRA? If you did, then you are complicit because you have helped pass their endless magazines and lax gun laws!
Guns should have to be re-licensed at least every 5 years with an updated background check...as many states do with driver licenses.
Stand up to NRA, put people before money,enact background checks for all and limits on sales.No person(man) needs 29 guns/weapons of war.
Praying not enough from those who can actually DO something.Talking about what can be done is rational thing to do NOW!NOW! Not politicizing
My boyfriend's brother shot himself when he was 23-because he was having a bad day.
But go ahead. Just pray and do nothing.
You pray for the victims & then you create gun regulations to prevent it happening again. That is how prayer works.
http://www.theonion.com/amp/57086 
Since there are mass shootings happening repeatedly, I  guess we can NEVER talk about gun control?
John, your prayers fall flat when they aren't accompanied with action. This country wants gun control. Lives are too precious. #makeamove
Stop with the phony tears. Do something to protect your constituents and ban assault weapons.

Prayers don't help. Laws and regulations do. #SendBacktheBloodMoney
Here is a new idea. Why don’t you actually try to do something to keep these things from happening again? Have some backbone. You are weak.
That’s all you got to say Senator? Give me a break when you say talking about this tragedy politically is disgusting.  Your standard line.
thank you - now though, we need to act as a society and do our part to limit the ability for people to amass such weaponry
Very hypocritical of a senator who supports current gun laws & NRA. I  hope now that country music deplorables were hurt something is done
Your prayers are worthless!!  You are the problem allowing assault rifles shame. Guns=rights. Healthcare=Privilege. Your mind and soul=wrong
Is it more important to receive $$$ from the NRA and do their bidding, or work hard for the safety of Americans? Domestic terrorism is real.
now is absolutely the time to speak up and demand action in Congress. No legal silencers. Background checks. No concealed carry.
@johncornyn reinstate the ban on assault weapons sales. Doing nothing is not working. Do something.
I see your name on the complicit list.
Why doesn't your office have a working fax machine any longer?
Prayers aren't cutting it - we want control. If you can't vote against the NRA we will vote you out.
What are you oray g from r exactly Senator?
Enact legislation that prevents this! Then pray all you want.
semi automatic guns  are being sold with modification kits to change into an automatic weapon are beng sold with no background checks.  what are you going to do about it?  your prayers haven't worked
Corny, get off your ass and be the solution to these massive unnecessary killings. That’s your primary responsibility. If you can’t get out!
How much money does NRA give you when it's time to vote? Fake concern because you could #DOSOMETHINGGOP.
Please put your prayer into action and sponsor and/or support a ban on semi-automatic weapons.
Your thoughts and prayers are useless.  Do something about gun control.  So stop acting like you care because your politics say otherwise.
How about YOU VOCALLY opposing #HearingProtectionAct” which is TANGIBLE.
They don’t need your prayers you miserable human. We need gun control!
How much have you taken from the NRA?
Praying is all you will ever do since you collect @NRA $. You have #LasVegas casualties' blood on your hands.
Thoughts and prayers are useless without a Trophy! C'mon Man dedicate something! A mayonnaise jar or something like trump
Prayers aren’t enough, GUN CONTROL NOW!!
Really John? Isn't this what you got paid for by the NRA?  Don't you think we need more guns. Less regulations?  Don't by a hypocrite!
You've received almost $16K from NRA no wonder why you would ONLY pray for #VegasStrong Find some desency in you & send dirty  back to NRA
Other wise RESIGN immediately.
$27,750 in your thong while you dance for the NRA. STOP DANCING for them.
You took $15,909 from @NRA, T666p $3OM. “when ye make many prayers, I will not hear: your hands are full of blood."  Isaiah 1:15 @davidfrum
Why don't you DO SOMETHING? So tired of poser prayers and thoughts.  Stop gerrymandering and grow some balls and stand up to NRA!
Enough with the rhetoric. Pass gun control laws. Please do something besides flap your jaws.
"Praying for victims and families" = "don't worry, @NRA, we will do nothing to restrict gun sales!"
Why aren't you working to outlaw semiautomatic weapons and limit weapon and ammo purchases? Scalia said public safety allows limits on 2A!
In addition, regulate guns. No one needs assault weapons. Quit talking and do something
#TheNRAIsATerroristOrganization
You freaking prayers are totally useless. Sixty people are dead because a white male terrorist had easy access semi-auto guns!
Stop focusing on taking away women’s rights, and kindly just keep us from getting shot! You should be ashamed.
Your prayers are no help. 

Send back your NRA blood money and get to work finding a real solution.
#Enough
Help #Enact sensible Gun #Control
Do something about it.
Prayer won’t do anything. We need more comprehensive gun reform. Get out of the #NRA pocket and do the right thing.

Every Member of Congress Who Took Money From the NRA and Tweeted 'Thoughts and Prayers' to Las Vegas @splinter_news http://ow.ly/9SsB30fAAVY 
You’re willing to sacrifice innocent Americans for NRA blood money. You’re complicit in this slaughter.
The Lord helps those that help themselves.  Help yourself and the rest of us by passing gun reform.
After you're done with speeches, vote for real gun reform.  You are morally bankrupt otherwise.
Then vote to protect Americans from gun violence!  No sales of assault weapons. Background checks always, anywhere! Stand up to NRA!
Stop praying and start acting!! Why do you keep voting for laxer gun laws after each horrific event? You work for us not the NRA!!
How about you do something that will actually make a difference?
@JohnCornyn send back the blood money you received from the NRA.
Unfortunately your words mean nothing as long as you pander to the NRA and accept money from them
#SendBackTheBloodMoney
Pray you get to answer for the blood money you took from the NRA
YOUR PRAYIN’ WONT DO ANYTHING. RETURN THE MONEY YOU GOT FROM @NRA AND PASS GUN CONTROL.
James 4:17 

"So whoever knows the right thing to do and fails to do it, for him it is sin."
We don't want ur damn prayers. How much did you take from the NRA? I hope God is wondering why you allowed these guns out in the world.
What are you going to do to prevent the next massacre?
Pray real hard & ask God for wisdom to reduce gun violence. Pray real hard to search your own soul as to what you contribute
Hope you enjoy your blood money from @NRA
Don't need your fucking prayers John.  We need gun control.  Cut the lies please.
Your prayers mean nothing until you work for citizens, not the NRA.  You have accepted blood money.
What is the content of your prayers? Mine?  Dear God, please break John Cornyn heart with these deaths. Amen
Praying! Again. Yay. Part of the massacre is ur fault— u & GOP has worked hand in glove w NRA t make guns so easy t get.
Did you pray for the 15,909 they gave you, Cornyn? Time to pay the piper.
Shut up and do something about gun control. Stop accepting NRA funds. Stop giving guns to the mentally ill.
What legislation will you propose or support to stop this from happening again?
Be brave and pass common sense gun regulation. These kinds of guns should be for military and police.
Praying won't help. Gun control would. You are complicit. So save it.
Politicians make laws. Guns are regulated by laws. Guns kill 59+ people. How is asking for increased regulation making this more political?
Praying you will show courage against lobbyists
Your “prayers” and your “thoughts” won’t accomplish a damned thing, “john.”  Passing reasonable gun controls WILL.
Easy for you to say since you received $$$ from the NRA
And I'm praying that you'll do something positive to prevent gun violence.  Not holding my breath on that, needless to say.
You think it's "disgusting" to politicize this tragedy?! It IS political when we have to count on u to enact safer gun laws and you WON'T.
Prayers not enough! Champion sensible federal #guncontrol legislation. It's a horrific new era - forget about arming militia; save lives
Your prayers are empty - NRA has donated $27,750 to you. NRA $ = blood on your hands. Strengthen gun laws, oppose the NRA, protect lives!
pray to imaginary sky people. that will help. promise. i'm sure the bereaved are so relieved that you are whispering w your eyes closed.
Take action to seek common sense gun laws & extensive background checks-- stop being in the NRA's pocket. Prayers don't help; action does!!
It's time to take action to increase gun safety and access to mental health care. Praying is not enough.
#SendBackTheBloodMoney
#SendBackTheBloodMoney
Sen you have #NRABloodonyourHands DO something about Guns or forever own your title #RepublicanSanctionedMurder
Their #blood is on your hands #NRATerrorism #SendBackTheBloodMoney
Return your donations from NRA. It is blood money.  While you are at it,  join Dems in impeachment of Divider in Chief. Signed,  TX
Your prayers are meaningless, your action is needed. Nobody other than our military or police need Assault Weapons. Time has come to act.
How much blood money have you taken from the NRA?
We've had #enough praying, time to stand up to the NRA. No civilian needs military grade weapons.
#NRA recipient of $9900.
I have a priest whose job is praying. Your job is passing gun control legislation. Do your job! Jesus weeps for your hypocritical prayers.
Who voted against gun control? Joe and Mika read their names http://www.msnbc.com/morning-joe/who-voted-against-gun-control … #BloodOnYourHands
Are you going to send your 15k NRA blood money to the Las Vegas victims, or are you too happy being a greedy monster?

Ur should be for forgiveness.U have done nothing but take the NRA's $$. The stench of death follows u, the ill, Kids & now concert goers.
Hypocrite...
Prayer is not enough. We do not need weapons like this. Do something, don't offer prayers.
Thoughts and prayers were not enough for Sandhook, Aurora, Pulse Nightclub. Do your job. #enough
How dare you sully the memory of those lost with your inaction. #SendBackTheBloodMoney
Praying but you are a coward to NRA.  Do something.  I vote in TX!
When you’re finished praying, can we begin to have a conversation about how to reduce this violence?  We’d all very much like that.
Return the money you took!
What does someone like gabby Giffords have to gain by speaking out about this? This is not "politicizing" but commoner sense.
Prayers aren't going to stop this madness. The blood if those innocent people is on your hands.
Unbelievable that when people call for gun control you call this "politicizing." People just don't want this to happen again.
Please tell me what legislation you plan to submit that will prevent this from happening again. #DoSomething
How do any of you sleep at night?
Your prayers don't stop bullets, they can't help the dead or living, you could have done something long ago with gun control. #NRAcoward
And after you're done praying, how's about you get to work on #guncontrol legislation to prevent the next tragedy?

#DoYourJob #LasVegasShooting #GunControlNow
Maybe we could examine the recurring problem of gun violence & unregulated gun proliferation. No? Save ur  becaus they aren't helping.
Disingenuous much?
Blood on your hands. Hypocrite.
Time 2 go beyond #PrayingforVictims

Time to show  4 #VegasStrong & DoSomething @ #GunControl

Let’s be #AmericaStrong #EndGunsanity
Senator, the can't be what freedom costs. It's time to make a change in the way we view guns.
If your prayers aren't followed by actions, then you can keep them. I'm tired of you and every other politician offering your prayers.
Sandy Hook...San Bernardino...Orlando...Las Vegas...Who will you offer your prayers to next? I hope it's not me, my family, or friends.
Prayers without action is no solution
#SendBackTheBloodMoney
Oh, nevermind, I forgot. The NRA owns you. I wish KBH was still around, she would've had the balls to do something that you obvs dont.
Stop praying and start DOING SOMETHING. No one needs that many guns.
Nobody wants to hear your prayers that that the @NRA bought for $27,750.

Mr. Cornyn, prayers clearly don't keep people from shooting anybody. Congressional legislation, however, can limit accessibility to...
the kinds of weapons used yesterday, at #Newtown, and in other tragedies. YOU could lead the charge, but you have to be willing to act NOW.
