and the Trump Administration are best friends with Russia!
ask Trump, his family or any top aid. Why be concerned now! #LIES
What do you care? Russia has threatened our democracy & all you do is stand idly by. You defend Trump & his team
and they have some influence with the president... What are you going to do about it?
your concerns w/ Russia are appreciated. Will you call for independent body 2 look into Russia's ties w/ election? #StillWaiting
You support Trump, Trump supports Russia, Russia supports Taliban, Taliban kill Americans. Blood on your hands!
Trump and Russia investigation should be the absolute priority!
And Russian activities helped get trump, and by extension some of your republican colleagues, elected.
So we need an independent commission to investigate Trump's ties to Russia, don't we?
The Russian/*45 connection is exploding and GOP need to pull their heads out and clean this up!  Put everything on hold!
All the more reason we need independent commission to investigate Trump and his connections. It will all come out at some pt.
and you support the Russian elected Trump....does that mean you support them too?
Wait! Did you just make a political pivot? Is it time to start fighting for your country and not Trump? Come on Johnny!
, then investigate 45's ties with Russia.  We need a special prosecutor to protect USA and its citizens.
and, so, say this is true... how does this make you feel about the Trump's team members' connections to Russia?
#TrumpRussia #TrumpTurkey
Russia is supplying #45. You should show some concern.
release Trump's taxes to an independent investigation of Russia's influence on this administration
Is this actually legit or are you just blowing smoke to send my brothers & sisters into another bull crap war?
so the president you so readily defend EVERY day helps the taliban indirectly?  Stand up!  #DoYourJob
Thank you for letting us know you share our concerns about Russia. What about the investigation? Please comment on that soon.
I believe since you support Trump, you must support this as well.  Represent your constituents for a change.##YOUWORKFORUS 75831
I guess having our @POTUS buddy buddy with Russia isn't a great idea, huh?  #investigatetrump
And our @POTUS is a Putin lackey...
Resign, John, it's healthier than avoiding talking to your constituents.
If this doesn't compel you to insist on impartial investigation, what will? Your constituents & country are waiting 78240
Would you let 45* (#PutinParrot )  & his pandemonium know?  

Also prepare to charge 45* with: 

18 U.S. Code ยง 2381 - Treason
why aren't you concerned about getting to the truth about Russian involve in our elect & possible Trump campaign involvement
OMG! Did Putin approve this tweet? Be careful when drinking strange tea for the next few weeks. Move no jacuzzis! Stay inside.
Given the Russian propensity for negative behavior, would you be surprised?
Also the White House. Look into it.
and our President
and you're OK with @POTUS having ties?
:  support independent investigation of Russian connection!  No on Gorsuch until we know Putin-Trump!!!
What? Our ally Russia doing something underhanded? Say it isn't so.....
Gee, we should probably investigate their influence on our election, huh? Special prosecutor now, please. Russia=our adversary.
Well, we know they are supplying trump. What are you going to do about it, John? You are on the senate intel committee.
and trumps money might be supplying Russia.   But you stick with him you immoral sob.
ask Trump he and Putin are tight
all the more reason to investigate the Trump-Russia connection!
Makes it a bit more important to discover how much they've compromised our democratic process then, right?
isn't your usual reply: "Hardly news"?
please look into Trump's ties to Russia. I am a constituent.
hmmmm, and you wonder why we find it so important for us to get to the bottom of possible Russian collusion in this admin
well there's something Trump and radical Islam have in common
hey, let @realDonaldTrump ask Putin during pillow talk
Well John, just hop down to Trump's office and ask him. Or call Sessions. Get Flynn on the line. Jared in town?
if u r shocked by this u aren't paying attention. We need u to be full throated in supporting full investigation of Russia!!!!
and your president is in bed with the Russians. Why do you continue to support him and his policies?
.@JohnCornyn Good thing our @POTUS and his pals are sympathetic to Russia.
Easy to verify when some are captured. Remember RUSSIA does not support DEMOCRACY. @DFWIndivisible @POTUS
absolutely Zero evidence stop spreading #FakeNews 
#Uni-Party
Graham is at a town hall. WTH are you????
so maybe we should get a special prosecutor to investigate Russia and the current president?
@All100Senators @washingtonpost Is it any different than Russia supplying US Exec Branch??
.@JohnCornyn So they supplied the Trump campaign and the maybe the Taliban too!
US Generals and Reuters are getting it on pretty well it seems
Link seen between Russia and Libyan commander Haftar: U.S. general http://reut.rs/2n0fKT2  
Please advocate for a special prosecutor into the Trump ties to Russia. Your constituent from 75207 zip.
demand potus-Russian investigation. Grow a backbone and do what's right for our country
Like we did back in 1980...but then Saint Ron walked away on winning the peace? #AllMyLifesACircle
and top US intel agencies say @realDonaldTrump might be colluding with the Russians... #foodforthought
Ironic, since *we* funded the Taliban to fight Russia. And since 45, who you supported, has clear ties to shady Russians.
And the US funded the mujahedeen against the Soviets in 1980s Afghanistan, leading to Osama, Taliban, 9/11. What's your point?
Top US Intelligence Agencies have said Russia has cooperated with @POTUS to subvert our democracy, what are you doing about it.
He's looking the other way. Republicans are flexible that way.
seems like our @POTUS shouldn't be besties with the Russians then, doesn't it?
@realDonaldTrump wasn't supposed to tell about that.
Didn't the US at one time.
Tell US General US & Pakistan CREATED Taliban. Hold your neocon lies.
