American health care is failing as it is in a price increase spiral between doctors, insurance, device vendors and pharmaceuticals.
That has nothing to do with the ACA. In fact the ACA slowed price increases, just not below inflation. GOP intransigence was costly
The #ACA ensured that EVERYONE except those w/ subsidies & CSR's saw price increases. And penalized those who had what they wanted.
It's the very definition of a market failure...and the ACA had nothing to do with causing it.
I disagree. The #ACA added lots of overhead and forced services. Essentially a gift to Big Pharma, Insurance, Hospitals - and wealth xfer
And how do you explain the measurable reduction in price inflation? Just the downturn?
Yes, Mostly the downturn - as has been shared. And HDHP/Huge Deductibles too. Pharma TV ads and recent med device advances also contribute
Huge deductibles are a function of price inflation. Downturn had an effect though can't explain all. And TV ads aren't caused by ACA.
your president is failing!  This whole administration is failing. Leg branch is failing!!
@GovAbbott and TX #GOP killed it. Not sure why they hate poor and sick people. It works in most states who did not legislate it into failure
So freaking fix it. Pay attention to the working class and poor; do your job rather than pandering to the 1%.
but but GOP is bought by Koch money & they want to repeal ACA. Republicans don't think poor ppl deserve health care
Some people think if you can't afford health insurance, you don't deserve it. These people are wrong, and it’s why we must protect the ACA. 
Then maybe its time to suck up your pride and work with your colleagues to better the lives of Americans, instead of partisan pussyfooting.
Our president is revealing classified information to the Russians. Lock him up?
Then pass something to improve it instead of passing something that destroys the good provisions.
It is?
Does the Senate's healthcare plan need to be fixed?  Why can't that be the plan for everyone?
Senator
I assume you either don't read or just ignore our comments!
y'all had 8 years to come up with something better, WHAT HAPPENED
Maybe you should face the facts that your sabotaging it is the only reason I'm is struggling!  Such a putz!
It's not complicated.  A thriving private insurance market creates incentives to increase health care costs.  What are you doing about it?
So fix it. That's why we sent you to DC. DO SOMETHING!
Texas failed to help kids get the health care they get and disabled people, So why do you care, you dont answer your phones so hear about it
Oh yea, #cornynhole #Traitor #ImpeachTrumpPence
Thanks to ObamaCare my husband's cancer treatment is covered. If it is repealed, we'll lose everything we have to attempt to pay his bills.
It isn't failing, but it's not perfect. Focus on FIXING it. Sit down with the Dems and so something great for the country.
yes please!
They've been dreaming of this moment for 7 yrs. Republicans don't believe poor ppl deserve healthcare.
Some people think if you can't afford health insurance, you don't deserve it. These people are wrong, and it’s why we must protect the ACA. 
#Trumpcare - bigger failure. Don't expect much from Senate's version. When R U standing up 2 POTUS? He's creating insecurity - many ways.
It is failing because the GOP needs it to. You keep pointing it out in an effort to shift blame. Meanwhile you are toying w peoples' lives
As are you senator. Resign!
To clarify, don't gut coverage for hospitalization, maternity and pre-existing conditions! Don't allow corps to hollow out employer plans!
My disabled child won't be covered if you simply do away with ACA. Improve it, don't cancel it.
So are you  come on John you have what it takes get on board with Cruz on term limits move embassy to Jerusalem
You're in office, you now own healthcare, you will be held accountable not President Obama.
You can fix #ACA if you wanted to put country before party and work with #Democrats. Start by making #healthcare nonprofit. #SinglePayer.
Actually, it's not and you know that but you choose to lie to your constituents. You and @tedcruz are worthless.
The reason is pharmaceutical/insurance lobbyists run the show. Good luck w/ Trumpcare. As u brand ur name behind it I'll see u out in 2018
How about you worry about national security? If you get FBI God help us
FIX IT! DON'T REPEAL IT!
Just ignore the fact that trump is giving away secrets to Russia right?
as well as your governing.
Because u all want to keep supporting the big companies.
Rs like YOU are making sure of that. It was a starting point, never intended to be the end product but you & your ilk keep undercutting it
ooo nazis can make websites. Color me surprised!
I realize that the character limitations precludes you from saying "Still Failing"  With REPLUBLICAN HELP ... so i will say it for you   
Obama care did not fail it was sabotaged by the GOP
Then I guess we better move to single payer lickety split!
John is still doing everything to get to be a boy in team trump.  Keep deflecting from absolute shit show in WH
You pulled the rug out from under it, what did you expect?
Stop crying about Obama. Stop being divisive.
.@JohnCornyn AND SO ARE YOU!  #WeAreWatching and #WeDisapprove #TexasSenatorsLastTerm #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TheResistance
First, you own it. If it fails, that's on you. If you cared, you'd fix it.  But alas, we know you don't care.
You know as well as anybody that @marcorubio sabotaged "Obamacare". Explain that to everybody.
that pic of you in black sweatshirt is bullshit. Stop false-flaggin Sen. & put on that "White" ten gallon hat you Love! showing minorities..
cause you're letting it Sen. its reparable Sen. you dont care about our Americans, you only care about Money & greed & lies & more lies dude
If you tried you could keep quality healthcare for more Americans than ever, due to Obamacare's roles. You have bad motivation.
You should put some effort into fixing it instead totally ruining healthcare for working Americans.
So FIX it.   Stop trying to deny people that need ACA.
So you'd rather fellate your big donors who want to profit off of human suffering instead of fixing the ACA? Glad to know where you stand.
So will you be advocating for single-payer? No? Then it is in your power to fix it. Do so. ACA is incredibly market-centered.
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump   Golly Gee Senator Cornyn, if True, the YOU, FAKE POTUS, and ACA have something in common..,
But Wait!! Polls say folks think more favorably of ObamaCare than you (Senate R's) or the FAKE POTUS.
You should intervene to save it then. Many of your constituents depend on it.
w/ GOP stabbing it at every chance! Why no Collins/Cassidy on healthcare committee? Just what tax cut not solution!
Yep and who's fault is that?  The GOP maybe. Hypocrite!
.....so r u dude! So r u!!!
John Cornyn is failing to represent all Texans that do t want Russia running our government.
LIAR! #ObamacareHelpedMe My #TXACA works, having surgeries,  love my docs, no increase of premiums in 3yrs. Contact me please, hear my story
Stand up to putin and possibly hold your seat...
Not a single person is here on the same vibe as you... thats rich...
Thanks, GOP, for doing best to make sure it does fail.  We won't forget in '18.
More important stuff going on buddy, like the assault on democratic inst from abroad and within #clapper
Why do you pretend that #Obamacare is only exchanges? So much other great stuff like preexisting conditions. You are being disingenuous.
So is the GOP at coming up with an alternative that we all can benefit from. #SinglePayer
Only because GOP won't support it
Good article and controlling costs but it still misses the fact that we need clear price discovery to keep prices down.
You tweet everyday about ACA failures. Are you telling us you can't do your job? Sounds like it.
So how about trying to fix it instead of wasting your time whining; oh wait, you whine much better than you work.
Where are your supporters senator? I don't see any affirmations here. What can you glean from that?
We don't believe you.
YOU are failing your country @JohnCornyn
Be careful.... you don't have as many backing you as you think. We now see you as Just GOP that's it!
Well since your party of idiots can't fix it y'all HAVE failed a million times over
Single payer ends the story.  Dance til your feet come off and that will never change.
And, Ryan's AHCA isn't the answer. Why can't we have a single payer system in the USA? The only answer I can think of is GREED.
AHCA would fail from the get go. Fix ocare or come up with something better. GOP is the reason healthcare is failing
And you are part of the problem!
It is time for you to admit we need an independent investigation into #TrumpRussia. Lead the pack to demand!
hahahahahaha you are the GOP are failing miserably at leading this country with a corrupt POTUS.
The AARP does not agree with you.  Call it by the correct name.  Affordable Care Act.
Here's an idea - when your cronies at the insurance companies pull out of the marketplace, offer a buy-in to medicaid(care) at a fair price.
Fix it!!!!! Seriously.
This is still the GOP's fault, and mostly false.
No, you are failing. You are still trying to push a dead campaign slogan. We want ACA repair. Do you job trumpsucker.
Thanks 2 GOP poison pill scaring off insurance providers. But your folks don't need full context. They can't even all vote thx 2 #crosscheck
U R to blame Sir how about doing ur job and Fix It ...ACA better then any GOP Plan..who is paying u to sabotage the people this time SHAME !
Because you and the GOP have helped make it fail. You still don't have anything better. And I still hate you John.
Our founding fathers knew measures like the #ACA would someday be necessary... And that free markets would no longer work!
Increase # of residencies, allow Medicare to negotiate drug prices, stop HC monopolies, increase programs to incentivize rural practice
Fix what you broke. #DoYourJob
You are so sad!
Suggestion Senator - Have a town hall and ask your constituents if we think it's failing and what we think could help it. Novel idea huh?
Affordable healthcare has to be supported by the GOP for it to succeed. GOP chose party over Americans. Just another lie, one of many.
Shame
So, I introduce THIS bill to the Senate. The cost of an uninsured Texan bitten by a rattle snake in 2015. Care to comment Senator?
GOP damaged it to play party politics. Start giving a shit about your constituents & fix what y'all purposely broke.
Oh John SMH 
And you're still a fucking traitor
So please address outrageous profits in pharmaceuticals, Insurance CEO salaries and tax breaks and get health costs down! Do your job.
Then why don't we fix it? Or, better yet, go to single payer? That way everyone can go to the hospital without falling under crippling debt!
Appears you are as well... Are you tied into the Russian money?
Fix, don't destroy.  Failing because insurers are being allowed to leave the marketplace without consequence.  Side with the people!
You're failing the country by continuing to stand by this crazy POTUS.  Put your politics aside and admit that he is unfit!
And so are you, comrade. Why would you bet against Americans? I'm starting to think GOP stands for Garbage Of Putin. #trumprussia #GOP
If you fix the risk corridors that Republican Marco Rubio removed from Obamacare that would improve it
They cite Aetna. 

And cost even though it's paid for. 
The risk corridors was a reimbursement to the health insurances for taking in the most sick in our country avoided taking losses for insur.
you're complicit in trying to make it worse...not better. #howdoyousleepatnight #shamefulgop
Is the R party so desperate to get bad policy through they'll sacrifice America to Russia & let an obvious Pres with mental issues continue?
Have you read Trumpcare bill? Not a viable solution. Improve the ACA.
Quit deflecting, focus on Trump and join the call for a independant investigation.
Then fix it.
"look a table ::cuts 3 legs of table off:: see I told you this table sucks" literally the entire GOP.
Who are you trying to convince, yourself or the millions of people who now don't have to die? #NoTrumpCare #FixObamacare
Because GOP refuses to fund it properly! You guys have become a joke! You are killing our healthcare! Get rid of these traitors!
Republicans in the Senate & House will pay for the disaster they are trying to inflict upon Americans. They will pay for not being Patriots.
John, if you take FBI, your chances of dying in prison really increase dramatically.
No one wants to hear it until you come up with something better that covers more people. Stop trying to take my health care away
Yet the House approved a plan that's immeasurably worse.  #WeAreSickOfYou
nope!https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/05/15/health-insurance-premiums-will-keep-going-up-under-either-aca-or-ahca/?hpid=hp_hp-more-top-stories_factchecker330am%3Ahomepage%2Fstory&utm_term=.b71754a561c1 …
You guys are desperate to try to push thru the AHCA but the public doesn't want it. All about big $$$. Shame.
because Republicans r being completely irresponsible and poking huge holes in it. TrumpCare is a disaster, your focus should be TrumpRussia
As long as health care is a for profit business in this country any health bill you pass will eventually end up failing.
So is @POTUS. Replace HIM and improve the ACA. Y'all are just perpetuating the issues. Get to work...for ALL of us
Get to hear that periodically from you but what is the #trumpcare solution for making it better and cheaper?
Because @GOP and 45 have sabotaged and betrayed the American people. You should be ashamed of yourselves.John what happened at TX Southern U
No. It could work but you & the GOP want to kill it so that your big $$$ buddies can get a tax break.
well we'll see What you do with Trumpcare @DFWIndivisible @indivisibletxjc @IndivisibleTeam @MSNBC
John Cornyn is still standing by as collusion by Trump with the Russians becomes more and more certain.
Fake news source
its not ObamaCare. Its the ACA and YOU OWN IT. FIX IT
you're failing. all the time. u destroyed the GOP. Abe would be so ashamed of u.
When are you going to stop focusing on leaks and start focusing on #trumprussia? History will not be kind to traitors.
So you have a link to Senate text on health insurance bill? Or is that still secret?
Gee. I wonder which party is responsible for that. 
This is the perfect time for this gif. #hailhydra

