Senator Cornyn says a lot of dumb things, Senator Cornyn.
The real horror? What if there's two of him! Gah!
Senator Cornyn retweets a tweet from Senator Cornyn about Senator Cornyn with an article, headline: Senator Cornyn.
Senator Cornyn: A Senator Cornyn Story. Written, produced, and starring, Senator Cornyn.
.@JohnCornyn First step, don't take away tax credits from veterans when rewriting Healthcare legislation
Well if you people would work with the president and not fight him. It might help
And weaken our internet?
R u also crazy? Our massive military budget insufficient? Oh. Increase arm sales to Saudis and Israelis - then we need more too. Smart yeah!
There is a lot of treasonous behaviour going on in government these days. Crooked swamp things, working with the enemy, shunning allies. SAD
Facts so unfamiliar!!! No other country can touch our military. It's the people who need your help, not generals and military ind. complex.
Maybe you can shut Boehner and McCain up.
Germany is now the Leader of the free world. Trump is making Russia Great Again

The #TrumpBudget – hands down – is the most anti-veteran, anti-military-family budget that any White House has ever released. #HandsOff 
How about instead you and your @GOP comrades write a bill that will HELP THE VETERANS instead of building unnecessary bombs! #HelpTheVets
Military already has the largest piece of the pie and they need more? Is it failing?
Senator Cornyn, more must be done to keep you all in Washington getting @POTUS agenda passed!!
When you refer to yourself in third person, the first and second are douchebags!
Our military bloated. Stop funding war and start funding education and healthcare.
The best thing you and the @GOP can do to 'strengthen' our military is to #ImpeachTrump. He is destroying America.
A third of my 38 yrs in the Army was served in & around NATO, a valuable, adaptive alliance. What happened today was embarrassing, saddening
Wow,in 3rd person
More must be done to strengthen your backbone.
how odd that you tweet about yourself saying your name rather than I.
I don't know what the hell is in the water in DC but whatever it is you need to stop drinking it. You sound like the idiot we want Impeached
Why do we need to spend more than the next 20 countries, 19 of whom are (or were maybe now ) allies?
Readiness is awful.  Boats that can't sail. Submarines that can't submerge. Planes that can't fly.  So many needed repairs. Pass a bill!
You retweeted yourself? A bit vain no? Or was it a covfefe
Which includes combating climate change.
Stop retweeting yourself. The best thing you could do for everyone is resign. You are part of the cover up &  you are a traitor.
LOL.  The liberal tears replying to this tweet are sweet as gumdrops.
You are only trying to stuff your own Pockets Mr Cornyn with tax payer money. The United States military is the beat equipped in the world.
Is it odd that you use 3rd person in your tweets?
Stay in session and pass the budget then.
The biggest military in the world needs strengthening? Really?
Idea: Get rid of waste in DOD. Pay young troops more so don't need food stamps. Keep promises 2 Vets. Proud wife of  retired AF Colonel.
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/01/republican-senators-paris-climate-deal-energy-donations?CMP=share_btn_tw … #ParisClimateDeal
Jorge wants to know why Senator Cornyn didn't fight in Vietnam if he's so gung-ho about military, since he was certainly old enough?
Right, because the US doesn't spend nearly enough on weapons as it is.
Chicken hawk!
now that you wrecked NATO, got in bed with extremist Wahabist Saudi's,tolerate treasonous implications in the WH-you want more troops ? 
Ugh, we have the strongest military in the world! Put money into education, jobs,  healthcare, anything. The military has enough!
More? Like cutting even more money from education, the poor, our healthcare, the children, etc? You're delusional
Self aggrandizement ... really John.
More must be done to improve HC. You are on the committee. Please let your constuents know what you are doing for TX. Stop sucking 45.
so you can kill off the poor and sick?
How about u do more 2 represent TX?  Do it job!  Russia & CBO R real! Stop being complicit
So you want to buy more bombs, but Service men and women will die..but as long as you make money..
Not Lockheed Martin...they already have produced substandard plane in F35. How about investing in the men and woman that serve our country.
You must live in alternate reality. What we need is a better healthcare system, fully funded education, and hike in min wage. #resist
Getting a Commander in Chief who is  not in bed with Russia would be a good start to strengthening US military.
Investigate the treason, collusion & incompetence in our whitehouse are pretty important.  Doesn't appear you care.
When is your next town hall?  We have some questions for you.
Does that include replacing commander in chief?
Why, exactly?
We out spend everyone else...by a lot.  I'd rather pay for infrastructure than another F-23.
F-22. My bad.
Why?
Colluding with Russia, severe damage to European allies while in bed with Saudi. GOP with cajones would be a start. Country before party.
Our military is already 'strenghtened' (overbloated waste of resources because we are paranoid psychotics) at the expense of everything else
USA already spending enough on military....We dont need the same amount of resources as when we were fighting world wars.
Wait, are you talking about yourself in the third person now? You are already thought of as unhinged and not bright, sir...don't push it!
You are an obedient pawn of the Military-Industrial Complex, bleeding America dry for 60 years and going.
We have the largest military in the world. Why do we need it to be bigger?
already spend WAY too much on military, much of it wasted! Worry about average people & infastructure! Stop rich aid!
Like to talk about yourself huh? Constituents are interested in #CBOSCORE #Russiaprobe & USAb4party. 75189 voter, NOT going away.
Constituents say more must be done to protect access to decent, affordable healthcare.
we already have the most expensive military in the world. Please stop.
say something new.
#Trumprussia
So about that "fake news" ... ?
Dude, 23M are losing healthcare is House Pubs get their way.  How many more billions earmarked for bombs is enough for you people?
Get your money, cornyn.
Like impeaching the traitorous #POTUS and voting out the complicit #GOP!
Can we agree that we have long mistaken quantity for quality? I would love to hear about re-prioritizing our multi-billion $ war machine
Really? We already spend more than next 7 countries combined. How about using that $ to pay for diplomacy instead.
Pay soldiers as much as Senators
Trump also speaks in the third person...

Rather strange wouldn't you say?
You're guilty of treason along with Trump, the GOP is complicit. Where are Trumps tax returns?
Senator how about starting with an administration that doesn't share our secrets with our enemies? This is the USA  not Russia .
272 navel vessels lowest since 1916. Spending from 20.1 to 15.9.. army troops 570,000 to 490,000 by 2018 will be 450,00  pilots flying B-52
And what would that strength look like?  Defense is the most inefficient  user of taxpayer dollars ever. Why more? Cuz it sounds good? Dumb
Oh from scared little man in the corner! We aren't weak we have a super large military try diplomacy something no republicans can do out
Good! We now know you watch the news. You now also know your constituents demand you appear before us to acct for your actions.
#Indivisible
Let's throw lotsa money at it
Pulled your lips out of Trump's ass long enough to hear what's happening with our allies and worried the Loser in the WH gonna start war?
I'm watching u im from Tx I better see support for our president
Step#1: Stop telling enemies where our subs are. Step#2: Stop handing intelligence sources to Russians. Step#3: Man up to traitor president.
A budget would help. Operating on CR for 8 months out of the year kind of makes it difficult to execute mission objectives or plan.
More must be done to contain the biggest threat to international safety and relations: Donald trump. #traitor #fakepresident #unfit #corrupt
More baloney from one of the most devious of Senators.
A Budget would be nice.  This "continuing resolution" BS is getting old.  Deferring maintenance on equipment WILL bite us on the ass.
Are you talking about yourself in 3rd person now? That's scary.
I see you're still looking for your lost integrity.
Or this.
Wait. Aren't YOU Sen. Cornyn? I'm confused. 
Well, Senator Cornyn is a simple idiot, so there's that.
How about using the military to force the Russian traitors out of our WH? Fix ACA. Stop diverting and do your damn job or we will finish you
Total defense spending FY15 $798B FY17 $834B. How is that a decrease of 20%. Use Google it works against fake news.
Strengthing diplomacy is the best way to strengthen the military. Stop asking warriors to be diplomats after battles. Think parasympathetic.
I agree senator, there are real threats in the world and at home.Highest security is a priority. There's a lot of misinformation circulating
$593 billion for the military.

$593,000,000,000

And you think we need to spend more?
Dear John Cornyn can you tell John Cornyn that nobody is buying the bullshit that John Cornyn is tweeting on behalf of John Cornyn?
Another good old White boy from TEXAS, ashamed to have to admit this POS and @tedcruz are our senators! 

@JohnCornyn
Then make sure the budget doesn't cut childcare for military personnel. It's hard to focus on the enemy when you are worried about family.
Try better management, the budget is already larger then the next ten biggest military budgets put together. You people are spoiled.
Speaking of yourself in third person, John? Also, do we need a larger military when we're starting a new alliance with Putin and Russia?
Senator, just focus on strengthening Senate leadership? laurel and Hardy!
Sen. Cornyn now speaks of himself in the third person
Just like his orange overlord.
Really sir wake the freak up country over party you let the Russian into our White House grow some balls .
Much more needs to be done yo get rid of Trump-where are your values?
You realize you can edit these before hitting send/tweet, right?

What's your team doing to help you? It's pretty darn awkward.
- It's ridiculous if Cornyn is actually writing these tweets & thinking they r effective. Needs social media mgr
Active duty or retired?  Trumpcare will take away benefits 4 older retired vets.  Shame on u if u let it happen!   We r watching 4 our vets!
Perhaps we could staff the State Dept. Perhaps you could be a statesman rather than a partisan hack. Lots of options.
Leftist race to fill tweets with propaganda.
Here is some real news. Your a liar.

More must be done to strengthen our integrity
CBO score is real news SIR
RUSSIA is real news as well SIR
John Cornyn let us know if you can ever pass a message to Sen. Cornyn
Why? Because the US nitwit in charge is going to get the US attacked?   Wake up.  The guy is nuts
Yea, get the Russian's out of the White House.  Complicit #GOP doing nothing.
Fuck military spending. Fuck killing civilians in nations we aren't even at war with. Fuck all these needless deaths
But we can't take care of vets when they come home. We've broken our promise to them. Focus on medicine, not guns, knucklehead.
Have you looked at AHCA?  Veterans' benefits?  Strengthen how?
So we cut the EPA and Social Service by over 15%!!!!! Good for us
We have the most heavily funded military, more than the next 7 combined (16% of our yearly budget), and the heaviest presence abroad by far.
Why? WHY MORE?
Fake.  Like our fake senator.
We spend more on defense than the next 7 countries combined. How is our military not strong enough?
@AnnieMendelsohn Your bio gave me a chuckle.
Getting rid of Russian colluding traitors would definitely strengthen our military
What a freakin dingus.
How bout ousting partisan hacks that claim the CBO is fake news? That's a good start!
Must be more to get rid of #RadicalizedRepublicans
Get rid of McCain
He would be acceptable if he did something abt #TrumpRussiaCoverUp instead of meaningless drivel
