actually troubled times for corrupt GOP.
Bless your heart. Vote against the Trumpcare bill. We're watching, we're voting, & your silence on the Russia problem is quite telling.
they will be defeated by POTUS Trump gop candidate.
I'd hope someone smarter would replace them. Obviously this wouldn't be you or anyone you know.
Better help your tx senator out. He will needed it
#makingamericalookDUMBagain
supporting Trump at this point is almost treasonous.
Must support POTUS Trump agenda and get it done.Or, Republicans will not be supported with turnout.Nov 2016 lesson. He & agenda are drivers.

I am guessing that they will join the #Resistance after seeing Trumps approval ratings. Thanks Mr. President!!
You mean that guy who won the Presidency w a minority, continuously shifts his lies as to the Russia scandal and has low approval ratings?
Time will tell. As a Texan I will be voting against you and Cruz. Texas deserves better representation in the senate.
#DoYourJob on Russian sanctions!
Distract, distract, distract.
Maybe you can put them in touch with some Russians who can help?

I know the GOP has connections there now.
Ya just trying to keep up with the last administration:)
An antivaxxer who thinks the Obama admin was in bed with the Russians?

lol

k.

No wonder Republicans can't get healthcare right.
Ur right about one thing. The swamp is a bunch of special interests drug addicts. Simply repeal the  and move on with good legislation.
We don't want the fed gov to be running healthcare.
What does this have to do w/ your representation of #TX and making the country #better?
And 2 Texas senators @tedcruz and @JohnCornyn for abandoning their constituents and putting party before country time and time again
3 million Texans. That's how many will be left without care due to your healthcare bill. & you're posting crap by freakin Karl Rove?
Seriously @JohnCornyn? Texas won't be satisfied now until we have your ass indicted & imprisoned along w/the other Republican traitors.
Would u have met with a rep. of a hostile foreign government who explicitly said they had Russian government info damaging to your opponent?
Would u have lied about the meeting for a year?  Would you have said "I love it if it's what you say it is, especially later in the summer"?
Would u believe someone who did do this did nothing with the information they were given? Most importantly, would u defend someone who did?
Call me crazy but working with a hostile foreign government who commits crimes against an American seems.... unamerican.
Your confused about 1 thing. When did Russian become a hostile foreign gov? Was it bcus MSM told U so? Or was it McCain & Graham? Fake Scare
Lol
Why is it important to tweet this partisan attack instead of answering for #TrumpRussia? Perhaps you're HIS paid-for GOP boy? #Shameless
Really?  But Jr Tiny Hands bullshit doesn't bother you?
It's a shame you aren't trying to be a solution to this partisanship, but continue to contribute to it @JohnCornyn
We're not interested in hearing about partisan politics from you.
@KarlRove is a Christian Dominionist too, correct? Does he support over like you do? Beto O'Rourke doesn't! That's why he'll win!
Oh, a lot can change fast in politics. Remember when your party was actually run by Republicans?
Really!? You should be concerned about your junior colleague in '18 & yourself in '20.
Hey Johnny Boy-you might need to worry about your bid in 2020. Stay in your lane & deal w/ lies coming from 45 & his camp #CountryOverParty
We need their seats and we need Menendez's seat (should have it now)!
All of them are sleeping way more soundly than Dean Heller.
You are the senator of all Texans yet you constantly denigrate Democrats. Rise above it, man, be a statesman.
Exactly. @JohnCornyn is no statesman. Politician yes, statesman, no.
Karl Rove. Lmao. You're pathetic. #worstsenatorinusa.
This story is about as credible as you...so basically not at all
Make no mistake, @johncornyn. PLENTY of Republicans will be in trouble in the midterms. Personally, I can't hardly wait!
Troubled times for us all. You are part of the problem.
Why don't you tweet anything of substance. Always opinion pieces from archaic minds
Look at OKLAHOMA Johnny. The MOST red state just elected TWO DEMS. We ant healthcare not #Russian interference. @GOP became #Traitors
Written by Karl Rove- Bush's brain. We see how well that  worked out - off the financial cliff and illegal war in Iraq.  Come on John!!!
Stop crowing you ghastly hypocrite! "Pride goeth before a fall."

Senator with all due respect these are troubled times for all patriotic Americans but it appears that the root of our trouble is your @POTUS
Why don't you worry about your own house.
Or will they win because, you know, Trump.
@KarlRove? #JohnCornynisatroll
I SEE Troubled Times coming for Republicans that promised Americans Repeal & Replace! NO PLAN ready after years of voting to Repeal SO SAD
Your tone-deaf tweets never cease to amaze me. Were you always like this or is it DT's charming personality influencing you?
It's always fun when you try to deflect.
Pictured.
-Rob Goldstone: Publicist who arranged meeting between Russian lawyer and Don Jr.
-Natalia Veselnitskaya: Russian lawyer who... 
By Karl Rove, the sleazy smearmonger? Senator, I never paid much attention to you til 2017. The more I listen to you, the more you amaze me.
Yeah, your boy committed treason.
P.s. @KarlRove is an irrelevant hack akin to Newt and that chick from Alaska always desperate to be in the news.

I don't think you're aware of the how many formerly quiet independents are now loudly Democrats. The Republican effect. Courtesy 2016.
You might have an inkling if you read your replies or paid attention to those calling your office.
Are u joking?! Your asinine party leader can't get squat done because he's mired in #TrumpCollusion. THIS is the news u should be tweeting.
You bet it is! Watch out Heidi us NDians have you in our targets. You don't begin to represent NDs interests. Pure BS rhetoric no action.
REPEAL AND THEN THERE WILL NOT BE OBAMACARE . You promised repeal
REPEAL  AND REPLACE
Love the part about "needless partisan jabs". Sound like anyone else you know?? #potusthatcantspeakwithoutmentioninghillaryorobama
Really sick of this, John. It isn't us versus them.  You've been away from real people for too long.
You need a better election forecaster; remember Rove's 2006 midterm disaster?
A Karl Rove opinion piece about Democrats at WSJ. I'm sure it's completely fair and unbiased. Lol
- You wish. No one but Russians & stalwart GOP are "cozying" up to Trump. Rove has zero credibility
Ted Cruz, brought to you by Karl Rove's bad tea-leaf reading!
Troubled times for all Republicans, cozying up to the treasonous president. Cruz be gone 2018! Cornyn be gone 2020!
Karl Rove Causes Fox News Chaos By Challenging Obama Victory Projection | Mediaite http://www.mediaite.com/tv/karl-rove-causes-fox-news-chaos-by-challenging-obama-victory-projection/ …

There you go again, playing politics.  Can you just do your job and represent your constituents.  Such a partisan hack!
I'm hoping no democrats are ever reelected. Plenty of diversity of opinions among conservatives 


Yup...it's not like @KarlRove has an agenda or anything...you work for the people of Texas, Senator. Start acting like it.
.  If it's because they're as incompetent and traitorous as U then then they need t go.  Otherwise this is just BS.
Small compared to the 50 GOP
Meanwhile, Senator, millions of your erstwhile strong supporters are beginning to wonder whether you're loyal to Texas, or terrible Trump.
We aren't wondering. @JohnCornyn is party over country and state.
John, do you agree? No answer is an answer by the way...
Yep.  It's the democrats that are in crisis right now.  Not the party that enabled possible treason for their own gains. Nice deflect.
This garbage sob just can't help himself.
Lol I thought you were only concerned with health care right now?
Somebody's feeling spunky today! Getting cocky thinking about all those retirees you might kick out of nursing homes?
they have nothing to worry about,  it's all the R's that have something to worry about in the reddest states like TEXAS. Stop the BS LEMMING
An article by an establishment GOPer who would rather have a R that caucuses with dems than a true republican, can he be trusted? Prob not!
County over party, John. Try it.
So John you haven't taken a stand on the House of Trump and Russia.  Your lack of comment speaks volumes concerning your ethics.

It's like the sweet 15yo running British Railway twitter acct except you found a 15 yo mean bully.  HOW ARE YOU MAKING USA BETTER???
You need to worry about American values & what Russia has done & whether POTUS had something to do w it.  Send yr h/care poll results#
I thought you only cared about health care right now?
Your tweets consistently reinforce that you are a republican first and our Senator second.  You represent and serve Texas - act like it
Thanks for focusing on our country @JohnCornyn You're so petty.
don't forget about @SenTedCruz 2018 isn't that far off @indivisibletxjc @indtx36 @TxBlackDemocrat
I think they'll be okay. Worry about self preservation. Texans see your culpable inaction...
#RepealObamacare now!
Be careful Senator,  schadenfreude is not your color. But I'm thinking maybe Russian Red??
Im sure Russia had nothing to do with it right?
Oh & I'll be calling your office to request that Trump be impeached.
Look @ trouble 4 Sessions; Trump jr; health care; tax reform; immigration reform; world standing. Need more? Country before party now.
WSJ has done some good reporting in the past few months...can't say the same about this piece
They can find some Russians to help them hack and cheat to win .The GOP is fine with working with Putin and the Russians
Wow...just wow....do you not know what's going on?  Articles of Impeachment? Mueller closing in on trump and company...maybe you??
Troubled times for yourself if you go along with cuts in medicaid that harm children with cancer or seniors with Alzhiemers.
Karl Rove is pretty much same as breitbart = 0% credibility
Just wait until #2020! #vote2020 #VoteOutCornyn #VoteOutTheIncumbent
Cute hit piece from Rove, John. Your dumpster fire of a President and TrumpCare bill means troubled times for 52 GOP senators.
Your finger pointing is comical. Where's your townhall schedule? You have lots to discuss @ your performance reviews in Texas cities & towns
Are you striving for a one party US?  Shame on you for petty party bashing
#Partyovercountry  When will you care for the US and its people instead of your petty attacks? #YouWorkForUs  and you can be fired.
#turntexasblue

Yes Lord, #Traitor  everyone.


Troubled times for protectors of traitors.  A hit piece from Karl Rove and the WSJ? Pass.



