Y isn't the gop making trump release his taxes?  U are an accomplice to the reason he won't release them. R  u as crooked as him
We are expecting Sessions to resign immediately!  Thus is unethical! #Vote
First of all why would u have anything 2 do w NYT
The part of government they want to dismantle are those that stand on the side of citizens against powerful interests.
He's increasing military spending and reducing progressive programs that are a fraction of a percent of our budget.

Weak.
Obama sent billions2 islamic countries2build walls & Mosques Day of Inaugural he wired Billions2them2
I learned that the best way to communicate w/ the Senator is call. sometimes only be 1 person in the office answering the phone.
you're unbelievable. How did you get to Washington? Can you tell us what you think instead of tweeting other people's thoughts!
u should be more worried about what ur constituents want instead of GOP. Host a town hall or be repealed & replaced!
you get your news from the nytimes? Really?
@POTUS IS doing his job every day to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain What have YOU & the rest of Congress done since 1.20.2017?
instead you'll get a speech full of lies about fake news and how he won so bigly.
good thing she's got that life jacket on to keep her from drowning in her own stupidity.
If each office only has 1 person answering the phones then that is a 1:3.5 million ratio. SAD!
a Trump puppet who supports the hate and racism and lies of the GOP - disgusting
Texans want the GOP to support a special prosecutor to investigate Russian ties.  Did you read the NewYorker article?
How about doing your job and stop worrying about Trump doing his.
YOU voted no to investigating Trumps conflicts of interest w/Russia. R u so focused on ur own agenda, u put democracy @ risk.
He's resigning and taking all his minions with him!
how about here are my long awaited and promised tax returns to prove no Russian ties?
good morning, I'm still real, I still have questions, I still want answers! #disabilityrights #notpaid #78728
good morning John it's Thursday, I'm still real, still have questions, still want answers! #disabilityrights #notpaid #78728
I'd like to hear Cornyn say "I'm having several town halls because I'm not a coward like my Repub colleagues are."
No - it's what American people want him to say! Get over yourselves! Try staying in session!
Really? 1 person in each office for 28 million constituents? He has 8 offices, 7 in Texas and 1 in D.C.
So @JohnCornyn, GOP, and Trump are all making the same mistake and ignoring the more than 50% of voters who don't share their views. Great!
Jade Helm 15!! Asshole Cornyn not a man!! Supports paranoia & delusion. Questioning your manhood Cornyn!!
did you watch Maddow?  We have a Russian money launderer in charge of Commerce.
I don't open any thing to do with NYTimes.
the people don't care what the GOP wants, you need to care what the people want, less government interference. TERM LIMITS.
guess he is their puppet too
Just heard what the President said. He was OUTSTANDING! Everyone at our house backs all he said. MAGA!!!!!!
What about what your constituents want you to hear!?
More importantly, what do your constituents want YOU to say? We need you to do your job, speak up &  #investigatetrump!
, what are you going to do about Russian interference?
How about to start an independent investigation into Russia and town halls? #Trumprussia #DoYourJob
Senator, we can agree to disagree about Trumps character. I understand you must hold your nose and support him.
You want to give authorization to go to war to a man who already abuses his power? Trump is a man without integrity or honor.
Sad that GOP puts their hopes into a corrupt leader & programs & issues the ppl don't want no matter how u package it.

John is confused about who he works for and continues to place his party over voters #partyovercountry  #TownHall
Answer: Something coherent
Some good points here. But my suggestion to Congress is old Army saying: Lead, Follow, or Get the Hell out of the way.
it would be really cool if our elected officials didn’t check with the GOP & Donors to be sure to say what they want to hear.
Agree we need a speech that will UNITE the Congress..the country is more than half way there. Congress is lagging. Dems??
how about what TX constituents want YOU to HEAR John?  #ListenToTHEPeople #IndependentInvestigation #DoYourJob
What consts want to say to @JohnCornyn & GOP: UR FIRED. What consts want to say to DJT: ur Going  to PRISON for TREASON.
I can tell you what your constituents want. A #TownHall. Equal representation.  To be heard.
The rest of the country wants to hear how you intend to cover us w/Healthcare.Repealing alone isn't a plan.Gotta fix it
Instead, 80% of his speech will be about how he won the best election ever, the media is fake news, and it's all sad.
I thought you backed 45 proclaiming @nytimes was fake news. #hypocrisy #irony #resist #persist #texastownhall #hearourvoice
the GOP once Donald Trump to lie to the people and give tax breaks to the 1%
if you don't believe me look at what Paul Ryan's actions are and Mitch McConnell
is it "I quit"? Because that's what the majority of Americans want to hear.
I would be delighted with "I resign" #yourrepublicanpresident
That he's turning in his resignation? That would be awesome! You're next!
what I want to hear?  I resign.  #resolutionofinquiry
You aren't smart enough for the truth. To self centered.
More importantly what do you want Trump to say tonight? And how are you going to uphold the constitution and represent TX?
thanks for sharing your joke. #PartyOfTreason #TownHall
@lawfareblog Russian investigation John, that's what constituents want.
but he won't because he is hiding things and trying to distract us
if wishes were horses. We have an ass as president. Get his tax records made public and get him out
The people want him to release his tax returns. How did you vote?
I don't understand "uniting America" line (last paragraph). Do you really think Trump has the temperament for that?
has he shown any indication that he is willing to reach across be aisle and "rule for all America"?
have republicans for that matter shown any inclination to compromise? The GOP has made US politics zero-sum.
probably "...all you #GOPGerrymanderbots go do your job and have #townhalls, there no room for cowards on this ship"
or, John why you dressing like Anderson Cooper and using Instagram filters on you profile - TX is last in education!!!
has he illuminated you on #Trumprussia ? Why are you willing to sell our country out to take peoples healthcare away?
How about,"I will not tolerate any violence/threats against Jews, Muslims, LGBTQ, or any people."
have you ever been to a Muslim country? One of the group you mention kills the other two. Lol
what I want YOU to say is that you have the guts to stand up to Trump and his constant lies and dangerous decisions. Will you?
time for republican leadership to lead and stop the grandstanding, advocate and support POTUS Trump rather than grandstanding
.@JohnCornyn .@nytimes What do your constituents want? Your priorities are f'd up, it will be about us soon #unite2018 #townhall
what the GOP wants doesn't matter. You're gonna do whatever he says even though majority of you said he was unfit
You mean they actually want him to act presidential for a change? Best of luck.....lies lies and more lies!
The irony of this tweet is not lost on us.  You quote a media source he has labeled failing and fake news?   Really?
Do you really think he gives a rats ass what you want?  Your silence was deafening to us, now is to little to late
Coward. Answer your phone.
are U posting this article in hope that Lord Dampnut will read it? Good luck with that. He'll say none of these things.
I'd like to hear John have a town hall and appoint an independent commission on Trump/Russia
@realDonaldTrump has learned quickly on the job.  Now has a good mix of new & old skills he must use wisely. #makeitso
Trump gave his self a A
- So the liberal "failing" NYT worth RT? Pipe dream b/c 45 has proven he is no leader & THs prove public against GOP agenda
#goodluckwiththat
He'll deny ties to Russia, brag about the size of a crowd somewhere, bring up another false attack, & ramble on and on....
Its going to be the bragging campaign speech .But now Obama is paying people to protest OK .I wish my money would get here
please know it's not just about the 'do nothing' GOP. It's what the America people want to hear. He is our messanger.
Why would you limit to just Plutocratic Party? A true rep would say Americans or at least Texans! UR a dangerous clown
if you think trump can unite the country you are smoking the good stuff. Trump is insane.
I'm from Texas, what will you do to save the ESA? Did you know there are only 45 red wolves left in the wild? #WorthFightingFor
"I resign" I hope
