Or it can just die in committee....that would be the smart thing to do.
Make sure to have women represented on that panel working on this version!
My daughter w/autism deserves affordable, quality HC, which the GOP has robbed her of by destabilizing the #ACA. You don't get to break it 1
& replace it w/worse coverage & tax cut for yourself. I challenge you to repair #ACA for my daughter & others like her, not start over. 2
It would be great if you could delete your voicemailbox.
Senator u can't this bill better.  U had 8 years already!
I'm so excited for 2018. I cannot wait to vote for anyone but you. I'd rather vote for Big Bird. You are cruel and harmful to Americans.
Correction 2020. Ted Cruz and you are interchangeable. Both are heartless and out of touch with constituents #tedcruz
Attacking killer diseases and health disparities using #NBCCEDPT as a model will reduce incidents and mortalities saving $, directing effrts
One way to GUARANTEE "single payer" in next Dem controlled congress is to pass your shitty AHCA bill, improved or not. 
Fake senator.
Fake News is that you would make anything better or easier for hard working Americans!! Just your besties in the top 1%...Shame
I wish my Senator did reject the new healthcare bill.
Do you gonna keep better healthcare for yourself like congress did?  Hypocrites.
I won't be hard to make it improvements. Right now it stinks.
Make it better for your donors, no doubt.
The majority of the House Republicans have admitted they didn't even read the bill.  We're supposed to trust you John..not happening
I took t/time to read t/bill myself.  It is absolutely absurd elected officials didn't take time to read this bill b4 voting yes. 2018...
And insulting that their office staff (Kay Granger) insists that ignorance is what informs my opinion, not educated opposition.
Agree Christine.  Said that their "clerks" read the bill.  1) We didn't elect "clerks" 2) It was the responsibility of the House voters.
Don't tell me how fu**ing good something is that you haven't taken the time to read.
Can't wait until they are looking into the dying eyes of someone they love because of a knee-jerk vote they didn't feel the need to read
There is no such thing as "fake news" there is news, like @nytimes and lies like #POTUStump #WhiteHouse
A central pre-existing cond strategy Congress should continue is to attack killer diseases and health disparities @ericawarner @HPFreemanPNI
Which part of this article is fabricated?
Oh! So despite the fact that the MAJORITY of UR constituents R AGAINST this bill, U R 4 IT!? God, you just don't care.
You should be better than "fake news." You and the Republican Party are unrecognizable. -Former Cornyn voter
Why would you ever use a phrase used by your leader and example, Trump? Oh...I just answered my own question.
Fix ACA - it's a good foundation. You are wasting time and money on this ridiculous repeal/replace act. Grow up. Be responsible.
Australian healthcare now!
So you support AHCA as written? Please be clear, I know you aren't up on 2018, however I like to plan my revenge
? The quotes
. Do your job !!!!
Senator Cornyn the natl breast and cervical cancer early detection and treatment program hits pre-existing conditions head on. It's targeted
Fake news: John Cornyn is a man of honor and worthy of our respect, and a Senator that respects his constituents.
"Better" is a pretty low bar. How about you get behind it and make it be what congress gets?
Grow up #hurryup2020
looks like wealthy get insurance (they can afford it) while everyone else get option to get insurance (?) they can't afford.
This isn't FAKE NEWS JOHNNY...WE'VE HEARD SENATORS SAY IT WITH OUR OWN EARS...YOU SUCK
Bad plan.  Fix ACA not horrible house bill.  I vote in Tx
Well, passing this monstrosity will insure a no vote next election! Hitch ur wagon 2that star
I keep saying this, but as your constituent I would REALLY prefer you just stuck with the ACA.
Unless you can tell us how you will make it better? Because I am deeply concerned about preexisting conditions and how that affects women
At that time, dems had full control of house and senate. GOP had little to say.
I don't think that term means what you think it means.
You're kidding, right? You people have lost your minds. Better? Hardly! You made it the least possibly effective as you could. No @GOP!
Stop discrediting Western institutions to help your collaborator friends, John.
Stop calling EVERYTHING fake news. It just makes you sound unintelligent.
It's impossible for any republican to pass any plan that makes sense and helps Americans. #boybye
So those Republicans quoted in the article are lying? That'll be good to know in 2018.
U hope u are not one of those Senators who say this house healthcare bill is dead on arrival. Pls do your best to get this bill passed. Thx
Sir, as a Texan you should not be misusing the definition of fake news like POTUS. As a former judge, you are surely smarter than that.
By "better" do you mean healthcare more restricted and costly than it was before the ACA? Because I don't see any other actions from y'all.
You didn't invite any Democrats to participate, and will whine like a stuck pig when they don't support your bill.
Article was accurate.  By no metric does the House bill solve problems with the ACA or move us towards better health care per dollar spent.
One thing is for sure. If you say it's fake, it must be real.
Spoiler alert: the LOWEST number of non-elderly constituents with pre-existing conditions in any district is 45%.
God, I hope y'all make it better.
I hope you are very clear that "better" has to mean "better FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE than ACA."  We are, & we vote.
Since you are so willing to get rid of healthcare for me and my family,  we will just vote you out.
U'd better make it a whole f*** load better cuz it sucks!
Ideal subject of totalitarian rule = people for whom distinction between fact and fiction, true and false, no longer exists. Hannah Arendt
Can you explain to me how this bill will bring down healthcare costs? Because there is no language in the bill that seeks to do so.
Can you please explain to me how tax credits will be better to lower premiums than providing up-front subsidies?
If you're not qualified to read the article, you shouldn't tweet.  Have someone read it to you.  Set your prejudice aside .. improve ACA.
Lets have a #Townhall and discuss ways to improve healthcare. And I don't mean some weaselly teletownhall nonsense.
Don't you have work to do?
Don't you dare pass this bill or one like it. Signed, your constituent #shameonyou
Release Trump's taxes 
Release the documents on Flynn
just make sure you actually make it better. If it is not objectively better than #Obamacare, do not pass it.
It actually really angers me that you would call this fake news. It's not that different from the Examiner article yesterday. Same story.
Do your daughters know you support sexual assaults are a pre-existing condition?
Didn't you say yesterday you're creating your own bill? Not using the other one as a starting point? That's a rejection of the house bill.
Now you're just resorting to the cries of a failing, incompetent president? I know you are, but what am I?! There--that's on your level. SAD
Several of your fellow GOP Senators are proving what a liar you are.  Trumpcare is dead on arrival in the Senate, it will never pass.
Where's McConnell? Senator Cornyn just defamed his fellow senators and party members by calling them fake news. Your buddies said it, John.
Trump promised America:
No one would lose coverage
Premiums would go down
No Medicaid changes
Every promise was a lie.
Yeah this thing is awful. Up to the senate to restore faith in this group of elected officials
#AHCA is Bad for Texas.  It will cost us money!
My story for NPR in March about what AHCA Medicaid cuts would do to Texas' already lean program holds up.
http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/03/17/520266060/texas-braces-for-medicaid-cuts-under-gop-health-plan …
You're calling this fake news for what reason? Because you don't like it? You have to deny reality pretty strong to call that fake news.
It doesn't seem to be fake news to me, Senator. Senate Rs taking their time, willing to make changes for the betterment = good news.
John just because you don't like the news it doesn't make it fake. Let's see what happens in the Senate before declaring something fake
Your a liar!  No one is going to believe ANYTHING you say.  With my dying breath this is your last term.
It's Trumpcare now.
Make it better: Single Payer.
So, bigger tax breaks for the wealthy? More cuts to Medicaid? More high risk pools? Let's hope not.
John your days as a senator are numbered. We are watching....
Hard to make it worse.
Keep some boxes and tape handy, you'll need them soon enough! #repealandreplaceyoursentor
We'll see. Screw the pooch on this one and watch out at the mid-terms. You guys talk a good game but the proof is in the pudding as they say
Fake news. Now, you've become a trump puppet?  Be your own man for a change and do something good for Texas. Too hard for you?
Changing it means sending it back to house. Rejecting it.
You are really buying into the jargon now.  Going to wave a Russian flag next? Going to personally show up to hospitals to kick people out?
I have to say, based on the statements I'm seeing from key Senators, it doesn't seem to be fake news.
Fix the ACA. #DoYourJob
Well, making it better should be easy. You could throw the entire thing in the trash, and that would make it better.
Can you guys please get Graham and McCain in line. These 2 are only out for themselves. Can't wait til they are gone from Senate.
You do realize that pushing the putin narrative is a crime, right? Carry on
Stop with the "fake news." As your constituent, I demand that you read what the Senate puts forth before voting. And wait for a CBO score.
- Avoid misusing term "fake news" - nuanced piece w/ good points. HC too important for Sen to duplicate rush hatchet job #24mill
We will see John.  Praying for that Unity.  Be sure and tell Lindsey and Rand. Everyone embrace it and quit puffing out their little chests!
You'll need a lot more than lipstick for this pig. Stand up for protections for preexisting conditions, 10 min essential benefits & the poor
Good luck with that and the rest of your career if you fail to essentially completely overhaul it beyond recognition.
HOW will you make it better? Take a break from attacking the media and tell us your plans
Anyone who views CNN CBS NBC ABC MSNBC is practicing the def of insanity, repeating the same action while expecting a different result#FAKE
I believe FAKE news over anything that spouts out of a Republicans mouth. You all are complicent in what Trump is doing...#russiagate
If you are changing it then you do not like it the way it is! Please exit Donald Trumps ass single file no pushing!
While exiting one's anus (such as DT) pushing should be encouraged. A little tearing is to be expected...no pain no gain, right DT? 
You're supposed to wait for the language of the bill and CBO score. But who cares about detail, right? #hypocrite #DoYourJob #VoteNoAHCA
Be prepared to lose. Bigly.
Tell every one how the GOP took over time pay away too.The party of family values
We have confidence in the Senate's leadership. Thanks for helping make America great again.
Medicaid has helped millions of Americans who need it when their lives are devastated by illness & disability. GOP have slashed it to bits!
I hope your disdain for Americans less fortunate than yourselves will come back to bite you. The GOP no longer serves the greater good.
Did they ever? I'm 30 years old and can't remember a time when they did.
What is fake about your can not wait to pass it and get those tax breaks to the 2 precent that some will be kicked back to you
Putting lipstick on a pig? Good idea
If you're not even going to read the article before calling it fake news, I don't think you can be trusted with the healthcare bill
So you'll dump the language about pre-existing conditions? Protect Medicaid? Outlaw high-risk pools? Sounds like you should fix the ACA.
How will you make it better? Details required.
you'll have a shot to correct the House mess up, we're watching @DFWIndivisible @IndivisibleTeam @MSNBC @SenTedCruz
You know what's better? The ACA. Why not fix that instead?
Once again you failed to read the article @JohnCornyn.
Fake News, Senator? Ok. If you say so. Me, I just want to sit back and watch. And smile. And drink coffee. And wait til you are gone.
Any bill that ends health care for #RareDisease  #hypoparathyroidism #Barttersyndrome #preexistingconditions is death sentence for us!
Stop it with the "fake news" bit. The bill is a mess that will literally kill people. Do the right thing and vote no. #AHCA
For a start, wait for the damn CBO score!
If make it better means voting no and working to fix the ACA, then Cool.
