Seems like there was another hearing this week, but I'm not seeing it on your twitter feed. Curious that.
I'm sure you will be gleefully kissing his rump as usual
Quit being #45's lackey
Merrick Garland much?
we are fine with 8. We don't need a 9th an election is still going on, every two weeks he will be holding a rally.
there has to be nine
we have been fine with 8. This is a stolen seat and he is campaigning. So by GOP rules we can't have
You should vote, "No" when the time comes.
please help us to seat Gorsuch quickly.
what's your rush? 8's been fine for over a year now, we can wait until Garland gets his hearing.
technically I think it's the Sen Judiciary Cte doing the hearing. Not SCOTUS.
Unless something turns up in the hearings to disqualify him or indicate that he is not an "originalist", I support him.
campaign 2020 under way. Have to wait to see what the people want. (We remember Garland)
#stolenseat Also Texas deserves better. SO. MUCH. BETTER.
Never.
I also support the "nuclear" option, if necessary. The Dem's would do it without blinking an eye.
-- there's a campaign in full swing (includes golf clubs).  Wait on this until the election is over-- like w/ Garland.
Stolen seat 
I truly hope someone charged with vetting him is as morally repulsed by torture than all the site called christians hearing him.
hearing on Russia!
.@JohnCornyn When's the town hall in TX to discuss the deplorable GOP "healthcare" bill? Why are you hiding Trump's tax returns from us? 
I don't think a hearing on a SCOTUS nominee should be held this close to an impeachment. Let's wait for the next POTUS.
1) ANSWER YOUR PHONE. V. Gonzalez is able to. 2) NO on AHCA. 3) we need independent special prosecutor to investigate TRUMP.
What about Merrick Garland?   He's still waiting. Let next POTUS choose.  #LastTermCornyn  DoYourJob #alternativefacts
impeachment hearings coming up next.
when is the hearing for Merrick Garland?
pray for Gods speed in his appointment
Vote NAY to Gorsuch. He is far too radical to be placed on our Supreme Court.
he said women manipulate employers with pregnancy. unqualified
Too soon @JohnCornyn . Let's wait until after the Russian investigation is over. We can't rush these things.
git er done!
Oppose! He puts corporations above people and doesn't suppoert transparency. Have mercy on the people who voted you in.
We'll be watching u thieves how humiliate Garland and stole the right fir him to have a hearing. U guys ar Rd some real MF!
Curious the kickbacks received  spooning Trump's ass daily in the tanning bed?  Cornyn--selling Americans down stream...
hearings for a seat stolen by you. Traitor is not to strong a word for how you, McConnell and all Senate R's have acted.
More importantly Comey testifies tmrw about #TrumpRussia election interference. Let's follow that 1 instead
I'd wear a suit with a tie John.
Filibuster #Gorsuch. You said 8 was fine John.  We can wait till the next election . Turn about is fair play. #MerrickGarland
--- Merrick Garland!
We need to get down to the bottom of trump/Russia before any other nominations are approved

#YourLastTerm
boo
MERRICK GARLAND
let's talk in 13 months....
A nomination by an illegitimate @POTUS with ties to #Russia
Great! Let's get him confirmed! Time to get our nation back on track after the killing of Hon. A. Scalia.
@tedcruz  Vote YES to add this great Conservative to the SCOTUS !!
Your arrogance could come back to bite you Senator. #DoYourJob
I believe we need to take care of more important things first.  The current President's Russian ties to be elected maybe?
Nope, don't want him. Vote #NoGorsuch #hearourvoice #texastownhall #DoYourJob
Vote NO, listen to your constituents for once. #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS 75831
Shouldn't we wait until @realDonaldTrump 's term is over so that the people can have a say in their SCOTUS?
Gorsuch should be interviewed rigorously and if found worthy, approved.
Neil who confirmation huh? Garland already gone
oh goody......
Reply to @JohnCornyn Whoa?  the Senate has hearings on SCOTUS noms?  You jagoff.  #MerrickGarland
get it done
I see Filibuster coming in your future.
I support abortion rights, gay rights, human rights. I oppose this nomination to the Supreme Court.
What's the rush? You were fine with 8 on the court when Merrick Garland was nominated.
More interested in what Comey has to say. Please figure a way to prevent Trump family from wasting so much tax-payer $ on trips
I really don't think you've done enough, there are still some baby seals alive that need clubbing. #UHF
What Garlannd's hearing?
Sadly. Conservative Christians make for the WORST politicians, and SCOTUS... Neil will be terrible for Americans.

You really need to follow @RVAwonk. 
I'm always left feeling like your just not in the loop. 
Get to speed man!
why are you holding hearings when your president is campaigning for re-election?
For real, we should let the people decide in 3 years. #republicanlogic #wheresmerrickgarland
when are Garland's?
let's wait til after the Russia incident- no hurry right?
That dog won’t hunt for me. I oppose his nomination.
We can't consider a nominee during the heat of a campaign.  Let the next president fill the seat.
Gotta love the hypocrisy of our Senators.
don't do anything your State will hate!
Eight has been enough for a year. Let's finish healthcare first. The eight year old in the WH has deficient attention span.
You vote him in & he'll be seen as an illegitimate SCOTUS.  

Lawless will abound.
Please vote against him. His positions r frighteningly right. As a constituent and someone who loves our nation, vote for unity
why do you tweet? You refuse to engage with your constituents constantly. You're a dinosaur. 2020 can't come soon enough. -77373
you mean Merrick Garland right? He was first to be in line. #StolenSeat

May his bigoted ass get filibustered
You forgot Garland's
