What is your position on the logs? As Maj Whip, U could steer a bill 2 change status of logs. Are you? Why do U pass stories w/no comment?
We want to see trump's taxes. Demand he release his taxes. The American people want to know.
Please know Sen Schumer is spitting angry about those log entries. Doubt he realizes Garland is responsible.
Why are y'all covering for him? You work for us not for Trump. Show us his tax returns! #TrumpTaxes #TaxMarch #ReleaseTheReturns
So he's over the entire state, not any one district. And clearly many of us do NOT love Trump. Please don't try to speak for everyone.
Uh oh. Somebody got caught acting superior when she didn't know basic politics. Maybe next time, Jill, you'll take your own advice. Study.
Although I don't agree w\this decision, @BarackObama nominated a true centrist to SCOTUS so both parties would have a voice. You & your ...
which begs the question, since Scalia died on 2\16, & Mitch refused to give #MerrickGarland a hearing, is he guilty of collusion too?
See? You would've loved Merrick on the court but because a Dem nominated him you just had to cock block the black guy. #StolenSeat
Why don't you have a town hall in Lubbock and I'll tell you what I think about that.
Is this a reason to promote secrecy?  STILL blaming Obama for everything?  Yeah, what leadership. (snark). GOP becomes disgusting.
You just hit a new low. Even for you, that was really bad.
No town halls?  Texas 11th here
.@JohnCornyn  JHC. Y in the world would u mention Merrick Garland? #STOLENSEAT #STOLENSEAT #STOLENSEAT #STOLENSEAT #STOLENSEAT #STOLENSEAT
You are so proud of this republican administration. You're disgusting Cornyn! Get a clue! Can't wait to vote you out.

Sorta shows he'd have been great on the SC, doesn't it? Should've held hearings for him, don't you think?
Trump is taking advantage of us all! What's hiding in his taxes?  Who is he visiting with in Florida and New York?  How is he tied to Russia
Just when I thought you could sink no lower, you surprise me. Johnny, we hardly trust ya. Town hall soon, love?
So? What's your point? trump will use anything that promotes his agenda!
Funny that, but the Obama admin released their logs. He was transparent and had nothing to hide but 45 is unethical and has a lot to hide.
Garland the man cowards like you betrayed America to serve Trump, party & Russia. If you had any decency you would resign immeadiately
House Republicans voted 3 times to protect Trump's taxes. I'm a Texan and I want them released. Can you help?
And yes, we'd also like to see the visitor logs. Garland's ruling certainly doesn't forbid transparency.
My advice for you.  Get off the Trump train.
You are all such friggin' hypocrites.
Are you implying that this makes Trump ethical?
It's like he's TRYING to alienate Democrats even more. All this is going to do is make them campaign harder against him.  Why share this?
I'm frankly impressed at your chutzpah at even mentioning his name
ironic much?
Yeah. The guy you stole the seat on SCOTUS from.
You missed a chance to do the right thing and vote in a good man.
The eyes of Texas are upon you, John. Best secure a lobbyist job before the elections. #YourTermIsOver
Twitler has brought us to the brink of nuclear war & this see-I-told-ya-so about SCOTUS is what you want to talk about? Dude, priorities...
So what you are saying is Merrick Garland would have made a GREAT SCOTUS and the R's made a Bigly mistake by not confirming
@freddoso when r u going to stand up 4 yr constituents &impeach the ass  Country over party!Unless u actually don't believe that
I don't want to interrupt, but can you DO SOMETHING about Trump's aggressive moves toward N Korea? Please?
Trump using Garland's ruling, must of been heck of great bi-partisan pick for SCOTUS
GOP continues to lie about Obama reaching across aisle
Your justifying trump and blocking garland=repulsive #GetHimOut2020
Shocking to see you throw all ur support behind Trump since it is apparent he sold USA out for $.
Gloating about a stolen seat is enraging.
How long are you going to hang onto trumps coat tails. Haven't you discovered yet he is crazy and dangerous to us all.
Yes, Merrick Garland is a moderate centrist nominated in hopes of easy confirmation. No more filibuster so those days are gone.
Trump wants to run a presidency of Secrecy REMEMBER AMERICA THE WHITE HOUSE IS THE PEOPLE’S HOUSE & SO ARE THE VISITORS LOG RECORDS
Who is he hiding? Why not show the truth? Party over Country again, John?
..then he is doing a good job where he is.
Trump is also under 2 Rico's,Intel investigation,ethics investigation, treason investigation and you focus on this?Country over Party John
Evidence of any of that statement?
Trump is taking American Tax $$ and his 17th golfing trip, wont show his taxes, and you focus on this to politicize? Party Hack @txlege
Obama was elected w/o the interference of a foreign government, released his taxes & divested.

Trump not so much.

Great moral high ground.
Too bad he's not SCOTUS now. #PartyOverCountry
So what? Are you really incapable of seeing the judiciary as anything other than a partisan tool, and think nobody else can either?
It wasn't about supporting Garland just because he was Obama's nominee. It was about Senate Republicans deciding to pervert government.
If the parties were switched some of your colleagues would be calling for '2nd amendment solutions.' Be thankful Ds are more polite.
Um… Trump is trying to start a Nuclear War & you’re bragging about this?

Shame on you.
And...?
Doesn't excuse foul play to point that out, now does it?
But, thanks for showing us you are defensive about GOP blocking Garland.
they reap what they sowed.  same goes for the nuke option on supreme court nominees.
who is a liberal Jill? If you are trying to convey that I am - you are totally off base.
A pathetically lame attempt to deflect blame for secrecy to someone else. Obama released visitor logs. Trump won't. This should bother you
Stop running pass blocking for the administration and do your job. We deserve to know the visitors. If it was Clinton, you'd agree
What is your point? To magnify your partisan ignorance? Let's dicuss this at your next town hall where you can defend your stupidity.
Maybe. But mostly he's taking advantage of his collusion with Russia. And you're complicit, you little red-white-and-blue patriot, you. 
But, to be fair, so is everyone else in your party. Who could have predicted that Reagan's squealing fangirls would sell us out to Russia?
See? You would have loved the guy, if you had bothered speaking with him. Partisanship is evil.
They did love him until Obama nominated him. #RecordingsRForever
You really shouldn't even say Garland's name after the way you treated him. #Hypocrite
