Iran is malevolent, but every time @POTUS threatens to renege on the #IranDeal, the chance for a peaceful outcome with North Korea recedes.
Watch out for Shifty Schiff, another hard core progressive!!!
Cornyn is my Senator and only one absolutely more despicable then him is my other Senator Ted Cruz. I also have a shitty Governor and AG
Me too! We have to work hard to vote them all out!
Absolutely. When the health care blows up and people realize they've been screwed there will angry voters seeking revenge at the polls!
I refuse to believe a grown adult cannot understand that backing out of a deal will make others less likely to make new deals with you.
Therefore John Cornyn is either pretending to be dumb, or is actually 3 toddlers pretending to be an adult.
So you believe that U.S. foreign policy in one area doesn't affect our policy in another?

Really, .@JohnCornryn? 
No sense trying to talk to Cornyn. He's so far right you can see Oligarchs head up his arse
Potus always rants about 'fake news', what about fake Christians? I seriously believe if Jesus came back they'd crucify him again for fear/1
You are out of touch with the art of the deal.
You're the non sequitor
If you fail to understand the connection, it may be time to retire.

And, buy a dictionary, ffs!
That's not a non sequitur. Lol
You might try using words your constituents understand. But it's clear understanding isn't your strong suit.
enabler
"non sequitur" doesn't mean, apparently, what you think it means.
first in line with the wood and nails. Of course Trump would put on his Centurion costume.../3
.@JohnCornyn you are correct. Schiff has no idea what he's talking abt most of the time. Two completely unrelated issues. Left are cowards.
John Cornyn =
Party before country
Rich before poor
Few before many 
Payments before people
Kochs before constituents
Malice before mercy.
John Cornyn, if you can’t grasp why those two are related, you don’t deserve the privilege of a seat in our Senate. Plus, you aid a traitor.
Actually a non sequitur would be "Our greatest terrorist threat is homegrown hate groups so let's take healthcare away from millions."
Perfect
Maybe an example you'll understand?

Cause: When you consistently lie to your constituents =

Effect: They don't believe you when you speak.
That credibility thing is hard for some to understand... they learned everything they know about ppl from Reality TV.
LIAR!  WHY WOULD KOREA SIGN AGREEMENT WITH U.S. WHEN WE DON'T ABIDE BY AGREEMENTS AS EVIDENCED BY TRUMP WANTING OUT OF IRAN AGREEMENT.
In a conflict of intellect between yourself and Rep. Schiff you are out gunned. My advice: Avoid future engagements
Your non sequitur comment is EXACTLY your problem. You don't see cause and effect. You don't see consequences. #GOPIsBadForPeople
They honestly can not grasp the concept of your actions have consequences.
How about how Trump insulted allies who negotiated deal? DUMB idea to get out of Iran deal. Reniging is UNAMERICAN breeds distrust in US.
of losing power. Not that I believe in any of it anyway, but if by small chance it happened, Christian leaders in this country would be/2
As one of your constituents, I'm telling you I want you to vote against this bill! It will hurt Texans!
Just who's side are you on Schiff?
Primum non nocere
You need to take a Latin class
I left my Texas in part because my fellow Texans insist on electing (and re-electing) idiots like you.
Yes! Moved from south Texas & its racist sexist elitist backwoods religious ways to San Francisco last yr. I miss my Tx but not the Gov the
Ex-Austin here. Back to SoCal. Glad to pay CA taxes to live in relative sanity. Miss HEB & live music tho.
Oh, I DO miss an HEB!
Proving once again, a law degree doesn't a genius (or even a smart man) make. Embarrassing. Sleep well backing your ridiculous party of hate

Outrageous that HHS won't say who paid for these flights. At a time when health care overhaul on the table.  http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/19/tom-price-chartered-planes-flights-242908 …
Like anybody really thought  John Cronyn would know what a non sequitur is. Primum non nocere, ok?
If you actually believe that is a non sequitur, either you don't know what a non sequitur is or you don't know anything about North Korea.
Oh John, if you (or the staffer tweeting as you) can't understand what Schiff is saying here it's pretty stunning. Not rocket science.
Hey John eat a dick! Everything's big in Texas
How? This is a incredibly cogent thought.
Demonstrating honor in treaties etc. ensures requisite trust for future agreements. But I'm sure you know that the Trump word is worthless.
We need to stop electing justices to the Texas Supreme Court.
If you don't understand the connection between credibility and negotiation the Latin you want is "ego sum stultus"...
Trump is unstable, insane & not very bright. Please stop making excuses for his UN craziness
Adam Schiff made you look like a fucking idiot. How embarrassing for you.
@RepAdamSchiff 

@POTUS lives in his new abode:
#TowerOfBable
No! Threatening to renege on the Iran deal just sends the message that America is untrustworthy and will not stand by its word.
You're a non sequitur.  Why don't you answer your phones in DC? #VoteNOGrahamCassidy #SaveACA
If U don't see connection, UR as blind & out of touch as the rest of @GOP. In all my years, I've never seen such short-sighted ignorance!
non sequitur ... 
I think the argument is just too complex for you.
How so? Just because you can't understand the logic doesn't mean there's isn't any...even if you use a fancy term to sound smart.
We know you are not this stupid..  so you are willing to put us all at risk to pander to Trump's base. The definition of deplorable.
johnny:  adam is correct.
You are hiding your head in the sand. Political lines have changed in Texas. Listen to your constituents and do the right thing!
Idiot!!!
Hope you lose your next reelection! We need new blood and new faces, no corruption!
John Cornyn: Big hat, no cattle.
Non security. Non trust. Non effective.
So... you actually think other countries will trust us if we renege on the Iran deal?

I take it you're regularly scammed in life.
Schiff is a smart guy - I think he's probably onto something here.
Not so much. I often hesitate to make a deal with someone who has proven to be unreliable to others. They are #IpsoFacto untrustworthy
no "non sequitur" @johnCornyn; you just need to try and follow the thread. Admittedly difficult when preoccupied w/ f-ing over constituents
Don't use phrases you don't understand John. I mean, it's not like anyone is looking to you for intelligent, thoughtful discourse anyway.
I hope a volunteer staffer mans this account, otherwise they are seriously overpaid. The sheer dipshittery...
Not a non sequitur bcuz Kim Cs DT renege on Iran deal & sez if he can do it 2 Iran he can do it 2 us. Trump breaks contracts; Y trust him?
Ignorant statement.
If we renege on Iran, why would NK entertain the idea of a nuclear deal?
John Corncob shut up
Try to keep up.
Elaborate, just saying "Non Sequitur" is a weak counter claim.  If Adams' tweet is a non sequitur then name the unnamed logical fallacy.
There's this thing called Google. And you can use it to look up the meaning of terms before you tweet them, so you don't embarrass yourself.
@johncornyn just outed himself as not understanding the tweet (or the issue)
Your inability to see Schiff's correct logic is exactly why you will be voted out in 2021. Good riddance
It follows quite well, actually.
You are not helping the people of Texas. It seems like you are only interested is helping yourself
You are a complete embarrassment to my state. So many kooks in TX that elect people like you and Cruz, wish I could move out of TX.
Reaching an 'agreement' w/ the States is meaningless.  The States have NO credibility.  Why would #NK negotiate w/a country that lies?
Sad, even Repub Senators are poorly educated. It is absolutely NOT a non sequitar. Remember your "gay marriage leads to sex w box turtles"?
THAT was a non-sequitur!!!!!!
There's a spot in the hottest part of hell reserved for you Cornyn. Your support of this psycho president for koch$ and power is disgusting
The fact that you can't follow the clear implication of Schiff's accurate comment is an indictment of your reasoning skills, not his remark

You can't really be this dense. Can you?
Not at all.  You just lack the intelligence to see the connection.  Ask someone smarter to explain it to you.
Did you ever read Aesop's Fables?  Boy who cried wolf?  Very similar principle.  But I guess ya'll don't get that in yer Texas homeschoolin'
Seems kinda obvious:

 "will the USA stick with a deal to freeze a nuclear program?"

Asking for an enemy in the DPRK... 
Proving our word is no good limits our options when it comes to giving our word to others.
Are you slow or something?
He must be.
Mr. Cornyn is probably referring to the fact that the Trump administration has no plans to enter a deal with NK. They'd rather blow it up.
If we go back on our word in Iran, NK has no reason to believe we're negotiating a deal in good faith. This isn't rocket science.
Jesus, how the fuck are you capable of putting pants on completely unassisted or unsupervised if you’re incapable of understanding this?
It's really, really not. And the fact that you can't see that makes me think you're not smart enough for this job.
You're really that stupid, aren't you? The inability to follow a simple logic chain... wow.
Maybe he means the POTUS is a non sequitir.
Senator Cornyn do America a favor and resign you embarrass your state and your family everyday you take a breath
There is a definite connection. When you renege on one deal you are potentially not trustworthy for another. Get it?@RepAdamSchiff

.@johncornyn, I think the Latin you were looking for is "res ipsa loquitur." 

The thing speaks for itself. https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/910300785447227395 …
So you don't know what a non sequitur is, huh? Because that ain't one.
Do you really not understand, or are you funnin'?
Really hard to fathom that you not understand. 
cc @RepAdamSchiff
You're an idiot.
This demonstrates you lack the intellectual capacity to properly understand policy and the basic foundation of credibility.  Sad...
Here's Cornyn with one of his two word grunts of disapproval or treachery.
@JohnCornyn insults our intelligence again, we all understand his point
I think he insults his own intelligence, whether he knows it or not.
@POTUS is too immature to see it from that angle
Makes sense to me. Pay attention, John!
non sequitur is non valid logic. Like, say, tossing $11.9 billion in medicade $ away with a vote for Graham-Cassidy? Like that?
John, have you considered a career in public service? It doesn't pay as well as elected lobbyist for billionaires, but it's rewarding.
Yes, sequitur.
Who's gonna tell Trump that threatening to cancel the Iran nuclear deal only convinces N Korea there's no such thing as a deal with USA?
If you default on one loan, it reduces your credit score, indicating you aren't trustworthy.  If you reneg on one nuke deal....
Oh dear. Do you really not  see the connection? Please talk to Schiff re geopolitics. Please. Or just anyone. Other than Trump.
Cornyn said that "gay marriage would lead to sex with box turtles," so he saw that!! LOL!!!!
Do you know what that means?
Here we go with the Orange Propoganda, AGAIN. You can't even spell Hurricane.We look like idiots to the world already. Trust is key. #resign
Iran also has kept agreement with US 100%.
You are wrong! If we renege on an agreement the N Korea will not negotiate with us!
Wrong. Those are directly related. You can't see that??
Johnny, how do you figure that? Why should anyone believe ANYTHING we do as Trump could wake in a different world and that deal is no good.
@RepAdamSchiff @POTUS Senator, you are endangering our national security. I don't know if it is out of stupidity or sycophancy.

Stunning

Katy Tur: there are no protections for essential health care benefits in Graham-Cassidy…
Have u NOT been following the actions of the AQ Khan gang? Accusing non sequitur demonstrates your ignorance
Not a non sequitur. The North Korean government listens. I mean, this article is really easy to understand.
Even easy enough for Cornyn to read? [It's a given that his lips will move as he goes through it.]
@RepAdamSchiff @POTUS Adam, Cornyn blindly follows the idiot in chief & will echo nonsense. It has reduced him to trite comments

If you actually knew what you were talking anout
If our word can't be trusted, it makes it harder to make a deal that avoids armed conflict. Do try to keep up, John. CC: @RepAdamSchiff
Hopefully, you read responses that explain how diplomacy works. You are really bad at this, aren't you? Pathetic.
Why is it a non sequitur??  If someone keeps reneging on their agreements, (Paris, Iran)  WHY would anyone else take them seriously?
.@POTUS is the weakest of weak presidents, weakening the Republic both at home and abroad. Cornyn and the congressional @GOP aid and abet.
Not at all, and it isn't hard to follow the connection. Unless you're an idiot.
Of course it declines. If nations believe our word is fickle, why negotiate? Trump has no Plan B.

How about the cuts to the state dept. is that a non sequitur bc you can't comprehend how deplomacy works?!?  I think you're the non sequitur
I'd take Schiff's opinion over Cornyn's every day.
Cirnyn HAS no opinion: he parrots what R shills tell him to say, *thinks* what they tell him to, locksteps when commanded.
How is that? Explain yourself, please, for the love of God.
Whispers: He doesn't know what "non sequitur" means.
Resign. You're awful for Texas. #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
@POTUS KNOCKED IT OUT OF THE BALLPARK!!!!!  SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT @JohnCornyn !!!!!!
Piss off Russian bot.
#Putinbot
Adam Schiff is just a robot
