Marijuana is not physically addictive like tobacco and doesn't have nearly as many carcinogens. It is often ingested instead of smoked.
john cornyn loves crap science
Well, the American Lung Association agrees.
Several sources cited in that article are more than 30 years old, the oldest being 42 years old.
And you believe the human brain has changed a lot in that period? These studies were from recognized experts, not crackpots.
Not anotomically, no. But our understanding of the physiology has changed dramatically.
You are ALMOST as ignorant as #45. It's 926 days until the next GOP Primary, and I'm sure we'll select someone better than you!
Educate yourself. Even if you smoke it you won't be smoking half to one pack a day.
Ingested can mean something else than smoking. End the war on drugs NOW!
Are you attempting to further restrict people's right by taking away the freedom to smoke tobacco? Spreading fear once again. Propaganda.
What about alcohol? Drinking alcohol is bad for the liver. Why are you not trying to take away freedom of swigging whiskey from Americans?
What part of "ingested" didn't you understand John? Do you need a dictionary just like Rump does?
How about you get Texans some world class universal health insurance. Then we'll know you care about our health.

That's specifically for cigarette smoking. You realize that tobacco and pot are different substances with different chemical compositions?
Don't be so damn lazy. If you want to post on hazards of smoking pot, use the right sources: https://www.cdc.gov/marijuana/health-effects.htm …
Is this the degree of effort you put into research for public policy? It doesn't inspire confidence in your ability to legislate effectively
Ummm...
Another good source. Am. Lung Assoc. makes a stronger statement about the respiratory impact, but the CDC also addresses the neuro impacts.
And alcohol causes liver disease. And it's legal?  What say you about that?  You can't outlaw vices, that only leads to rise of criminals.
Liberal millenials denying the science. Go figure. 
Smoking cigs, John. Are you just now realizing that marijuana isn't anywhere near as harmful as tobacco? Aren't you a US Senator?
The American Lung Association disagrees.
If it's a Health issue @JohnCornyn let's ban alcohol and surgery drinks #followthemoney #fakemorality
Unless you're advocating tobacco being outlawed this argument doesn't really hold much water.
Certainly justifies taxing the heck out of it to help slow use and offset public health costs... just like tobacco.

Legalize recreational and medicinal marijuana now!!!
Do you have studies to back up your claim, @JohnCornyn?
Despite these facts, that apply to tobacco, it is legal, limited by age, taxed. It's a very well-studied product. Suggest anything to you?
What about lung disease from coal burning power plants?
Give it up @JoshuaBaer these crusty old farts will never deal in reality on this. They still think Reefer Madness is a documentary.

So far the "marijuana industry" hasn't lied to Congress or the American people.
Your info is relevant to cigarettes. Not marijuana.
Duke University: "Persistent cannabis users show neuropsychological decline from childhood to midlife" http://m.pnas.org/content/109/40/E2657.abstract …
Good to know you graduated med school. I actually did and the jury is still out about lung disease and MJ.
If you can't call out our President by name on bigotry, you have no moral authority or credibility on anything else. #fecklessCornyn
President Trump was right to criticize both sides in Charlottesville. It is their constitutional right to protest the removal of statue.
But, but, but "freedom" and "free market" right?
@JoshuaBaer Don't forget it can be vaped to.
Cool then just legalize eatables #OpiodCrisis
There are a plethora of ways to ingest marijuana that don't require smoking. Candies, baked goods...
Litigation is NOT part of the Scientific Method. This is a big part of the problem. No evidence that Cannabis has any COPD risk. Period.
None of the 'scientific evidence' presented by either side is above suspicion.  The only fact. Nicotine: vasoconstrictor. THC: vasodilator.
I have to agree. Taking the first puff makes you COUGH which tells u it's not good 4 u then finally u DIE w/ a cough you couldn't get rid of
NOW you care about people's health?
And how's the perinatal mortality in Texas doing, John? Proud of that?
So if you are worried about lung diseases, we should go ahead and make tobacco illegal too right?
How many private prison co donations have you taken?
Not the govt's job to protect people from their own choices. Make them aware if you like and then let it go.
Can we get the link?
, know what else causes lung disease? The pollution coming from industries you're fighting to protect despite harm to Texans @EPA
Driving while intoxicated is dangerous .Looking at an eclipse can damage you retina. Now we've covered the obvious. Release the tax returns
Thc can be delivered by vaporizers, edibles, topical ointments..etc. Vast majority of Texans want legalization in some capacity. Let us vote
"By smoking tobacco" or did you forget that you don't know squat about cannabis?
HHS Sec Price will work against healthcare so don't worry about pot and cancer. Have a beer and relax.
As usual, you cite one line of the CDC report that backs up your fantasy, while ignoring the rest of the entire study. Typical GOP tactic.
That CDC report needs to be cited, John.
What r u a doctor now. Why aren't you working on the repubs agenda

@realDonaldTrump Stay in politics: Trump is toxic & bad 4 our collective health, & you say & do nothing. Minions out of office! Impeach now!
How about passing a healthcare Bill and tax reform instead of this other stuff you post?
Your administration supports COAL mining! No worst lung carcinogen than that. If you really care about the health of others, repair ACA!
You don't say.
Science should not be litigated.
Let me know when your bill classifying tobacco as a schedule 1 drug is introduced.
Go on...
Govt won't get in the way of cartels profiting from pot-they've given them power and freedom.

This @washingtonpost ranking of senators based on how supportive they've been of Trump ranks @JohnCornyn at the top. https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/senate-trump-support/?deferJs=true&outputType=default-article&tid=sm_tw&utm_term=.6d4bb53a5763 … 
So why are cigarettes, pipes and cigars still legal? Let's address cancerous affects of chewing tobacco. At least weed has medicinal use.
John, you're such a coward. Why can't you say it the way it really is.
legalize Marijuana Edibles. Sell canni-butter. Win-win, senator!!
So true, important! Now push the POTUS/GOP agenda, policies- Health Ins., Wall/security, bal.budget, TAX REFORM, infrastructure...get busy!
Seriously, you gonna tell me how to live my life like you my parental authority. You who are the vile of humanity. I need to smoke more.
Oh look today it's Doctor @JohnCornyn. Thank goodness! I do need a medical professional. I have this stabbing allergy pain in my eye-socket.
Please check your priorities.  Weed doesn't have on the brink of nuclear war. You should standing up to  Our nazi-misogynistic president.
Just pushing crooked AG @JeffSession agenda. Has no voice of his own.
Are we going to go there with Alcohol too?  Many of your constituents won't like.
If the marijuana industry lies to consumers about what is in their product or its effects THEN perhaps we will see lawsuits.
The fuck is wrong with you? THERE ARE NAZIS AND KKK MARCHING IN THE GODDAMN STREETS and you're fussing about pot? #DoSomethingGOP
In shock, total shock. Do your job and impeach Trump.
So don't legalize pot because there will be court cases? Imagine all the money we'll save by not unjustly depriving people of liberty!
Please don't act like the science is in on this.
But there are more ways to consume it. Vaporize and edibles
Remind us what you are doing about the opioid crisis.
Are you trying to change topic to the dangers of marijuana?  Seriously?  The senior Senator from TX has decided this is our top priority?
In Florida:

"The laws allows patients to use cannabis pills, oils, edibles and "vape" pens with a doctor's approval but bans smoking."
I agree, smoking marijuana should be regulated, and taxed like tobacco.  Increase state tax revenue, minimize illegal drug cartels money
http://www.thedailybeast.com/sessions-cites-junk-science-to-shut-down-pot-research …
So pence thinks cigarettes don't cause cancer.
I like this tweet storm of ignorance, I just wish it wasn't our senator doing it
Supporter here, John, but who cares? If I want to smoke (weed or cigs), let me. Uncle Sam doesn't have a right to tell me what I can ingest.
Man, you're losing your legal mind. Surely you understand that citations must be relevant. (Tobacco!= marijuana).Trolling this morning, huh?
Yes I agree, but if you are going this route, you will have to make cigarettes illegal & alcohol, which damages the heart & liver.
Cornyn is poking the hornets nest this morning. Good way to alienate younger forward thinking voters. Just go old man. It's your time...
*sigh* The ONLY reason Repubs are against Marijuana legalization is that they're told to be by their big Pharma donors that own them.
AND private for-profit prison companies. But yes.
Good point!
MJ is a schedule 1 drug. Which means highly addictive with no medical value. However, the only medical mj patent belongs to guess who?..
The US Government!! WTF? https://sites.google.com/site/6630507/ 
Foul ball. Maybe tweeting is not your thing. Perhaps the Senate is not your thing.
That's why god made edibles.
You need to educate yourself.  Maybe talk to some medical marijuana and marijuana experts.  Your statement just made u look really ignorant.
Repeal 16th Amendment! Fed/State sales taxes  & "sin taxes" are way to fund USA! Stop stealing worker's $! Enabling bad behavior=immoral!
Your interns are grossly incompetent. Or perhaps you are?
Every single day, you tweet something that only reinforces why you need to retire. Out of touch, out of arguments, out of a moral compass.
"Amen."
Still waiting for you to call KKK leader in WH by NAME. This won't be forgotten by constituents. Only worthwhile Repub is @HurdOnTheHill
I'm sure they will feel the arm of the law regarding second hand smoke as well.
He is just the worst senator ever. Medical use marijuana is needed in TX
This is about cigarettes...and they are legal.
Cornyn wants a blunt.
I'm the one that talked about Lyme disease, PTSD & many other conditions that Mar oil does wonders 4! But u will never admit it because of $
Enjoy dude!
I'm a 70 yr old grandmother & a staunch Conserv! Which Did mean sm. Gov. That didn't try 2 rule every detail of ur life! But $$$ always wins
Which does mean a framework for marijuana, yes. But I'd like more certainty on effects/benefits/risks before nationwide legalization.
Just ask Mr Nelson (Willie), he'll tell you! 

Sorry I couldn't help myself LOL
COPD includes asthma that has been listed as preexisting conditions to deny insurance coverage. #singlepayerhealthcareforall
Your Rep party supports the tobacco agenda. Hunger, malnutrition also harms the children on food stamps, which you're party wants to cut.
Yes. Because once the health effects of cigs came out, companies actively tried to conceal.
Poor John. Belongs to a party that supported tobacco. A plant also used as a base for insecticides. But now, a helpful plant is opposed.
Give me a break, you don't care about anyone's health related to smoking marijuana.  Plenty of benefits from marijuana
This just shows How Uninformed U R ! Mar. Is not just smoked! It's made into oil, a paste , topical ointment. Capsules! Ask Cancer patients
ur concern confuses, John. U stand 4 a massive transfer of wealth from the poor to the rich using healthcare litigation.
Moreover, marijuana prohibition has more of its roots in racism than health concerns. Alcohol n tobacco r both legal n both harmful.
Exhibit A of a Senator told to push fake news by big tobacco and agriculture. Look at the benefits of Hemp(can't smoke it) and still illegal
Pass a law making stupidity non litigable
Since when do you care about people's health, John? You know nothing about marijuana or your constituents!
And did you read the comment about other means of consumption? Does eating THC cause COPD, John?
20,000 people die yearly from medical errors.
THIS is what you're going to go to bat over?! Cannabis?!

Your priorities are so out of wack. You need cannabis.
If a person puts their mouth over a bus exhaust while being dragged naked thru downtown Burbank is that litigable?
So John Cornyn knows nothing about marijuana, Ted Cruz knows nothing about net neutrality. What do you two say, ya know, you do around here?
Lemme guess, the GOP health care proposal doesn't cover that, though?
Did you see that creepy video of him pinching that woman's arm at a recent town hall and accusing her of being paid by Soros? Super sketchy.
Wish I could find the video. Creepy.
You don't have to smoke it. My sister-in-law-end stage cancer patient- got great relief from edible marijuana.
You are the worst Senator in the U.S., Pennywise.
So you still trying to push open boarders with loser Jeff flake?
Boarders?
Is that a threat, Senator?
Cigarettes are illegal now??
