If you had a spine, you'd join them on at least one.
well I'm sure the money she gave him speaks louder than his constituents
For once in your career do what's right for the people of America right or left Betsy DeVos  is the wrong choice. #NoonDeVos
I'm guessing he is one of the senators receiving money for his yes vote
Oh I am sure bought and paid for doesn't give a damn about the people just about that $$$$
bingo. His total lack of acknowledgement that Texans don't want DeVos is evidence enough
she/family gave 27 million to the RNC remember he is responsible for raising $$$$ for the RNC
makes me sick!
I'll be speaking to the lovely staff in your Dallas office again today urging you to not confirm her. See you in 2020.
I spoke to them this morning. They seem so beaten down. Too bad he isn't listening to us
Senator are you not listening to us? This woman is not prepared to take on such an important task.
And two Republican Senators also voted against her.
That's really helping make government work Dems, The party of NO
you mean like the GOP did for 8 years.  Um ok?
Republicans did not block Obama cabinet appointments like the Dem's are doing. That's the topic
6/ then not to confirm DeVos or Sessions.  But whatever, the GOP now own BOTH of those
Both excellent choices
Yeah, well selecting incompetent (DeVos) and racists (Sessions) nominees surely doesn't help. Odd, though, that you like them.
GOOD!
Maybe because they're all #unqualified, #slimeballs, & not what's best for #America? #wehaveeyes #resist
With good reason...did you listen to her answers at the hearing?  Or, were you paid off too and we don't know about it?
As if the GOP would not have done the same if the tables were turned .... geesh .....
GOP senators: the best government billionaires can buy.
you are owned by Norquist and any one who flashes cash.  She is not qualified
How much did she donate for your vote?? A sad day for your rural constituents. #NoExpNoJob
And you did it. You and @tedcruz make me ashamed to be a Texan.
That's because they're all corrupt.  Deep swamp.  Liars, crooks, thieves,  con artists.
What do U expect after U guys colluded w/Kremlin & FBI & stole MerrickGarland nom?Buckle up,buttercup.U ain't seen nothing yet!
we will remember the way you refused to listen to us
damn right!!! #resist
GOOD!!!
wishing you would have listened to our concerns. #educator
I'd hoped you'd grow a spine or heart or whatever part you lack, but money is your god and US students your sacrifice.
I am very disappointed in your vote for DeVos. You are not looking out for my family. You are not looking out for TX.
yes as it should be. The majority of Americans are not billionaires John. Who is your priority?
DeVoss is the worst. DJT picked completely unqualified ppl w/conflicts& didn't vet them
GOP PUTS PARTY OVER COUNTRY...& TX kids
republicans you better do your job we already have 2 traitor and we will vote them out 2018
Ridiculous!
Can't possibly get any worse than DeVos.  For whom you voted. Your constituents will not forget
Party over Country. Big money over We The People. WE THE PEOPLE cannot wait to VOTE YOU OUT!
thank goodness! They're all unqualified
as they should. I give her 14 months before she quits.
Good! You went against everything your constituants ,wanted and voted for Devos who will destroy public schools
Yep. That's what we're paying them for. (We pay you, too, sir.)
space savers is all the Dems are
Good!  These cabinet picks are horrible!  They will steal taxpayer money !
what a shame you lacked the spine 2 join the dems & 2 GOP women who opposed.R U. really that afraid of Trump?
good! If you used your brain you'd see the candidates are almost all terrible. Way to support the #KnowNothingParty
how do you walk upright without a spine?
i certainly hope so. at least some of our senators have morals. unlike those who voted for devos
qualified nominees, like for Mattis, saw broad support. DeVos is unqualified & you shouldn't have supported her.
@edatpost None of the remaining picks should be confirmed. And the ones already confirmed are a horrible mistake.
Took a page right out of your book, eh? Darn copy cats! #jellyfishrepublicans
The majority of your constituents, including parents, grandparents, teachers, administrators, students,,watched you sell out.
2020 can't come soon enough. We will work so hard to oust you for betraying TX students #TheResistance
So you railroad our children to spite Senate Democrats. Brilliant. Pack your boxes Johnny. You'll be voted out.
Hi, many Texans disagree with your decision on Devos. I'll be voting against you in the future.
unqualified
Oh no! Politics! Maybe you should become a plumber since all you can do is whine about how unfair Democrats are.
Virtually???
so who cares
Thank god someone is standing up to what is tantamount to putting arsonists in charge of the fire department. #invertebrateGOP
so you're now listening? Vote Nay on DeVos. #StopDeVos
@SenTedCruz thank you for supporting Texas. You lost our vote-78801-like you care
you should have too. You just assaulted all the public school students in Texas. we arent gonna play nice anymore.
you lost my vote by supporting DeVos.
you had a chance to make history and to do the right thing for millions.
why did you vote for this clearly unqualfied candidate for Sec. of Education? Shame on you. SHAME ON YOU. We will not forget.
- hope those 30 pieces of silver keep you warm at night,  since you have no soul to guide your conscience.
Please vote to CONFIRM Justice Gorsuch!
If you would have listened to your voice mail maybe you would have said no too. Or read emails or twitter.
Yes, they did Senator. And if you did what was best for the country and for Texas, you would have voted against her too.
@tedcruz Neither of you care about your constituents or kids. Bought & paid for by for-profit ed. donors. Y'all are bad Texans.
per your blatant partisanship you are on the wrong side of history senator
You should've voted against DeVos. Playing party lines like this against children shows you have no real moral compass.
nice job...this vote shows you care nothing about children's education.  You will not get my vote ever!
And your vote for her means you just lost this Texan's vote for reelection
I will remember your betrayal of our vulnerable disabled children next time you're up for re-election @JohnCornyn
I'm disappointed and embarrassed that you voted for Betsy DeVos. Do you every side with Texans instead of GOP?
DeVos is grossly unqualified. With your vote for her, you've lost my vote.
Thank god there's still some principled politicians in Congress. #CrookedCornynMustGo
@tedcruz as did the majority of your constituents (Reps & Dems). You were voted in & will be voted out!  '18 & '20
Standing with the party on the vote for Betsy DeVos was the wrong stand.  Represent your constituents!
There's a reason...not qualified.
JOHN..PLEASE FOR AMERICA ...NAME THE TEXAS SENATOR TRUMP WANTS TO DESTROY....
Shame on you!This was not a dems vs republicans. You should have followed through in our interest that's what you are here for.
I'm a teacher who has worked in TX public schools, & I'm disappointed in your position and DeVos's ideas and lack of experience.
We need to strengthen public education, not undermine it. It is unacceptable that you ignored your constituents on this vote.
@tedcruz Disappointed you could not find your backbone to vote NO at this poor choice. Will wave bye bye to you next election.
Betsy Devos is not qualified. Your vote for her just cost you my vote when you are up for reelection.
@edatpost U sorry excuse for a man. I hope U and every person who voted for DEVOS, NEVER gets 2 represent us again. U R A LIAR!
If there was one thing Republican and Democrat Texan moms agreed on was this: #NOtoDevos
you Cornyn will be key in failing of education by backing this worthless woman
has caved to special interest and Washington 
@edatpost yeah Dems voted against because she is grossly UNQUALIFIED!
and why not, if they are grossly unqualified? #Devos was a terrible choice. When are you up for re-election sir?
deeply disappointed. A vote for DeVos is a vote against children 
Coward. Bought and paid for criminal.
If you have a republican primary challenger I I work for them in 2020. If not I will work for dem challenger
she's confirmed! I seriously hope u run 4 office again just so I can vote against u!! Absolutely no integrity!!
DeVos was horribly unqualified for the job and you've let us down.
Ashamed that u rep. me in TX. I will NEVER vote 4 u again because of ur support 4 Devos. Money over children won. Ur shameful
If you had any dignity, Senator, you'd vote against this unqualified Trump donor as well.  Country or party, Senator? #NoDevos
.@JohnCornyn This is not about party lines. I implore you, for the sake of our kids, to vote #NoonDeVos. She is not qualified.
Your vote is a disgrace. DeVos has no qualifications and her lack of insight will fail American children. #savepubliceducation
Can you even name the last 3 secs of education
Looks like @JohnCornyn doesn't care about the education of of America's next generation. Way to install a crony as SecEd b/c partisanship.
Take their lead and #VoteNoDevos
and as your constituent I ask you to do the same for the unqualified. Be brave and Please reconsider on Devos. #DumpDevos
as you MUST!! She is grossly unqualified!!
as should you if you actually listened to your voters!
Because ALL Senate Republicans are poised to vote FOR remaining Cabinet picks. Politics as usual. SAD.
Dems have given facts and reasons to oppose her. Ur constituents have been BEGGING you to vote no #VoteNoDevos
Listen to your constituents & vote no as well.  77043 resident that feels she is not qualified to reform our educational system
We will work to get you out of office! #VoteNoDevos
would be nice if you listened to the people of your state and vote no as well. Party lines be damned,this woman is not qualified
If u cared about kid's education, u wd vote against http://her.How  much did her family donate 2 u?
I'm from Texas and ashamed of you! #VoteNoDevos
Do the right thing @JohnCornyn and vote against Devos! She's dangerously unqualified! Texans are counting on you!
And, rightly so
You are not representing your constituents with the vote on DeVos. Your self-preservation instinct will backfire.
please, do NOT confirm DeVos. Our children and teachers deserve so much better. Be on the right side of history.
Devos is not qualified. Dems voted for Marttis, and Carson. StopThe partisan divide
.@JohnCornyn Confirm @BetsyDeVos & convince naysayers 2 vote YES. Parents/children priority-I'm public tchr! @J_Wade_Miller @NETarrantTea
how are you going to vote Sir?????
.... VOTE NO!!! Be the Republician that makes a difference and represents the people that put you in office
you should vote against her too. A vote for her does NOT represent this Texan.
We must take their seats in 2018!
and you should join them.
She is unqualified. #noDevos
@tedcruz I'm a Houstonian with 4 children in public schools. Please, DO NOT confirm Betsy DeVos. Vouchers steal from our future!
You have over 30,000 mostly negative comments on your FB announcement of supporting DeVos. Maybe you should listen to TX voters!
you should too! #NoonDeVos #NoonDeVos
that's because the remaining nominees are so unqualified for the positions. Give legit nominees and they'll get approved.
thank God for Dems
Set politics aside and put #CountryOverParty Vote #noDevos 78725 Look at her lack of exp in public edu & dismal record in MI.
you're the fool if you DO vote for Devos.  do what's right.  this is not a partisan thing.  wake up, dammit.
Good. Hey just want to cripple those agencies.
Stop avoiding our calls with a full voicemail!!  Throwing  public schools out for a billionaire donor.  Shameful! Tick tock.
please Mr. Cornyn support the Education of our children and vote no on Betsy DeVos. Texas needs your leadership
VOTE NO against #Devos Your constituents 76712 do not want her. Guess you want her money though. #ChildrenofTX
Betsy DeVos is not qualified for Sec. of Ed. #NoOnDeVos
Please vote against Betsy Voss for education minister
Senator, do what is right for America and Texas!  I implore you to change your vote to NO on Betsy Devos!
GREAT. Now, stop party loyalty over your obligations to your real bosses. You answer to the people of Texas. No on DeVos
As your constituent I urge you to vote NO on Devos
You say this accusingly, as if you shouldn't vote against nominees who are objectively awful.
This is not a matter of Democrat or Republican. It's a matter of qualified versus unqualified. Betsy DeVos is UNQUALIFIED.
He's not draining the swamp. #devos is unqualified. Listen to the people. We don't want Devos.
Today we will see a glaring example of how Republicans serve their political donors and not their actual constituents.
I am a public school teacher in Dallas, TX. I strongly oppose the nomination of the unqualified  Betsy DeVos. Please vote NO.
because they have a conscience, and want qualified people to have the position, not just campaign contributers!
Vote no for Betsy DeVos!
Listen to your constituents and do what's right! VOTE NO to unqualified DeVos!
Voting for Devos Senator? How much money did she give your campaign? Shameful. #NoonDeVos
Country over party #NoonDeVos.
DeVos is a horrible pick for secretary of education!
because they are listening to constituents who are fearful of what #devos will mean for special education
Virtually all Repubs set to vote for unqualified DeVos even though Repubs have been inundated with calls to vote no.
vote NO to DeVos.Do you have children & grandchildren? You were PAID maybe Russian$ to deny best ed for children
as you should also oppose!  Hear our voice!
DO NOT VOTW FOR HER
you better vote no on Devos, please care enough for our education, I have called your office and left you messages
.@JohnCornyn as they should. Do your duty and stand up to autocracy. Vote No on DeVos. CC: @tedcruz #AmericansNotGOPorDEM
As you should, especially Devos.
do the right thing and vote no on DeVos. One Texan to another.
I can't wait to help vote you out of office.
Thank goodness someone cares about kids.
Please join them in voting against DeVos. She is unqualified and supporting her only signals partisan politics and Trump loyalty
do you suppose, just maybe, that there are serious ethic concerns with these picks, and the Ds are not rolling over like the Rs?
well, to be fair, they're all terrible and unqualified.
I urge you to vote against de Voss too! She is not qualified!
His mailbox is full. This Texan can't even tell him NO on DeVos
@edatpost They are right about DeVos. Listen to your constituents and vote #NotoDeVos Be a man & show us your vote isn't bought!
you would be wise to join them.  Vote no or ruin your career in Tx.
Sir, instead of focusing on politics, why don't you focus on whether the nominees are truly qualified for their positions
please listen to your constituents. We do not want someone who paid for the office and has no experience.
this woman isn't qualified to teach our kids let alone head the dept of Ed. Stand up and vote no.
they are unqualified and do not have the people's interest at heart! #peopefirst
what would you do?
Follow their lead on Devos.  She is highly unqualified.  It's not a partisan issue.
because @TheDemocrats have done homework and answer their phones to listen to constituents unlike you!  76012 NO
