How come you didn't tweet when the Mango Mussolini spent all of the Secret Service money? What about gov agencies  paying money to him?
Don't built the Wall.  Limit personal travel to Trump.  Stop secret service for sons and family.  Tax the RICH!  Drop drug and gas prices.
Cannot cut disaster funding. You just can't do it.
Thank you. That's reassuring.
Your white supremacy, war mongering, ineffectual representation will not be forgotten. You'll be gone in 2018. #votecornynout
@realDonaldTrump 's wall looks REALLY stupid now.
Ok, so are you going to support cuts to FEMA and the EPA?

But you and TX don't need help, right, Johnny? Isn't that what u said when u rejected Hurricane Sandy support? U are the worst hipocrit
Since you guys are in control of Congress and the White House, are you planning to bump it up to Thursday?
And whose fault is that????
Ask donald trump for some "billions". Yeah, right.
Wonder if your climate change denying colleagues will NOW become believers after paying billions of $ 4 these superstorms!  #NOTCONSERVATIVE
With 2 other hurricanes following Irma there will be no money left. #ClimateChangeIsReal
This is the why you should oppose the Trump budget cuts and the tax cuts for the top 0.1% (that would reduce Federal revenue).
Guess you better get to work Cornyn.
They can ask Iran to return the billions Obama gave them
And yet you want that wall?!  And support the golfer in chief?   Thanks cornyn!
Being the second most senior Senator, I bet you can probably fix this
Boy did u look like a deer in headlights when predator in chief rejected your debt plan & supported the Dems, u have never looked so small
and what exactly are you doing ? posting propaganda and photo ops !! @txlege @houstonchron @dallasnews @austinstatesman @All100Senators
Senate needs to approval Relief for Harvey!  Should be the only thing you guys should be working on right now!!
They have....now for Irma. With no pork.
what's the plan to prevent this from happening? Tweeting doesn't really help
Maybe if they didn't blow their budget on those camps!
Add the wall funding to every bill.
But yes, let's build a wall
You happy about this?
So many hurricane tweets, so little actual work.
What are you doing about it?
Give up funding stupid wall and stop paving the hell out of greater Houston and put some money into infrastructure and climate change REAL
Then get something done fool
And you are doing what???
Well, your party is IN CHARGE of the entire government, what are you DOING about it? I seriously do not understand the point you make?
But we can always afford a MOAB, or golf weekends, or flights to Fort Knox. To hell with the citizens who pay for all of that. Right, John.
Then use military funding.  Or use your millions.  You and the rest of your money hungry mortals who sit fat off the tax.
What do you intend to do about this? You didn't want to help Sandy aid, but want to help Harvey. What about Irma? Do female names bother u?
Texas is ashamed of you and Ted.
Hmmmm.  Why is that?  Could it be the budgeting process?

Lets see.  What to cut.  Hmm.  Lets cut the money Jesus would use to save people.
Better give the super rich another tax cut!!
How about we cut off your pay and benefits till the budget is fixed!
Guess you better fix that and quit tweeting.
And who's fault is that? #dumptrump
Another example of the @GOP NOT taking care of business. #ImpeachTrump Get to Work!
Go ahead and give your wealthy benefactors a tax cut though.
And yet...haven't heard a bipartisan peep from the Majority Whip. #DoYourJob
Did you know that Puerto Rico and the U. S. Virgin Islands are part of the United States and also being hit hard by Irma?
Hmmmm, I bet that had nothing to do with your president slashing FEMA's budget.
What about Texas
With Irma approaching, I think this supplemental could only last a very short time, I think another supplemental soon.
And you are doing what exactly to remedy this?
Sounds like a problem Congress will have to actually do some work to resolve.
Yet, "CUT TAXES" seems to be the rallying cry of the GOP.
Wait, I thought smaller govt was better? How will GOP proposed tax CUTS help pay 4 essential services like FEMA?
but you want less government, right?
So are you still contemplating reducing disaster relief funding to pay for a wall that we were promised Mexico was going to pay for?
& w/ idiots in charge at the white house level that can't do basic math, we r screwed!! The 45th tweeted false numbers about taxes 2day!
The GOP is a nightmare- no souls.
...and what are you and the Senate going to do about it?
Hi Ted. The House Majority Leader announced that the House would vote today on an emergency bill to send to Senate.
Thanks, but I knew that much.  What time is the vote?  If house passes today, when will senate vote?  should be later today or tonight!!!
Budget cuts may be the culprit!
Way to go, John. Conrats man.
You, your party & your orange hero are the reason.  
#FEMAcuts
#ClimateChangeIsReal 
#elections
So what are you going to do about it?
Hi Justin. The House Majority Leader @GOPLeader announced that the House will vote on an emergency bill today and send it to Senate.
Thank you for the reply. Now what is he going to do about #DACA?
You are the party that's dismantling the USA piece by piece. Secret Service broke too thx to Golfer in Chief. Thoughts & prayers 2018/2020
So how is this going to affect us in Houston? And what is up with #DACA you going to save it or just keep making shit decisions?
These vague tweets really annoy me.
So what are you going to do about it?  Or is this like the commercial where your job is to notify us of problems, not resolve them?
trump gutting all these agencies, incompetent leaders.Let them run out of money and see how well our Country does with limited federal govt.
I bet they still have enough money and time for another photo op with you. #kakistocracy #cornynout #FEMA
Is this your way of admitting responsibility for this clusterfuck? Are you finally ready to work for your constituents? #hypocrite #Resist
So do something
What is the Senate doing?

 NADA
Use the rest of the unspent Katrina $$$.
Better get to work
Hey @JohnCornyn last I heard you were in a position to do something about that.  Guess you'd rather tweet incoherently. #gopisncompetent
Gee, if only we had some people in Washington who wouldn't let the situation get that dire with their negligent inaction...
Let's see...Florida went for Trump so I assume you'll support sending them money.
@ChuckGrassley Why are you & @SenFeinstein hiding this?  @HouseGOP People deserve to know that trump should be gone.
But hey don't ask @GovAbbott to use TX rainy day fund b4 getting fed $, that would be rude, right?
#2018 #2020 #VoteThemOut
Plan B: "Thoughts & Prayers" When you're too damn cheap to help your fellow man. Suggestion use Thoughts & Prayers to build your damn Wall
Do your job!
Is this bragging?
You complicit republicans believe cutting funding to federal agencies and spending billions on a wall is a good thing. Please resign
Work harder. Americans and our neighbors are suffering.
Yeah .... 6 trillion and counting war machine is a waste of money
Wow what a concept - the govt is not responsible for hurr, tornadoes or other nat distasters. Those r our responsibilities as citizens
Oh shit John, what the hell have you guys been doing since Ike...I know f'ing nothing and it's catching up with you...Pathetic!
Thanks John for pointing out how ridiculous Bloomberg reporting is as I thought they were done by now.
What a disgrace you and the #FakePresident are! #VoteOutCornyn #Vote2020 Still at 22% approval rating, John?
I can't wait to see you voted out. A reckoning is coming, John, and you've more than earned it. #votecornynout #ImpeachTrump
Get the debt Ceiling Lifted Obama not president you do have to pay your stone wall games any more
100,000 for car rentals for Trump ex wifes vacations Trump kids business trips Pay there own way like tax payers do
We need to be careful the money is spent wisely so there is enough to help
You might tell your boss to staff FEMA fully. The skeleton crew needs help in order to bring help to those in need.
I pray for Florida and East Coast.
Pass some laws and stop allowing this waste with the Secert Service and vacations all over  Time for Secert Service reform for all
sounds like government did a poor job of planning. Who controls the senate, house, and White House again?
Its time for you to step up then.Stop worring about Koch Brothers and Trump tax cuts and walls Get the money where its needed in Texas
Maybe it's time to consider climate taxation -- when we fought an enemy in WWII we had war bonds. Now we need climate change fighting bonds
Seems like you could do something about that-like your job!
I know Congress will authorize more FEMA funding. Let's get it done and off everyone's worry list asap
From the comments the wets and libs dont like you either.   Hurricane disasters to further your trillion dollar spending is shameful
#Houston #Harvey @TexasGOP

Will you, @SenTedCruz & #Republican #Texas members of the @HouseGOP support funding, since you haven't in past?!
Stop funding Mara lago amd other trump businesses. Our tax money should not be wasted making crooks more wealthy.
Intellectual honesty my dear - try some on for size
Yeah like hey lets all pray.
doesn't the Trump/GOP budget cut disaster funds? Should probably rethink that.
Stop funding Trump family secret service extravaganzas and the money for real American's would be there. Wake up and govern!
And Texas is still in dire straits.
REAL nightmare 2follow after 2nd hurricane hits @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr  know how 2 obstruct but cant solve problems
So you're planning on doing what? You never say, nor do you meet with constituency to see what they would choose to do. Waiting for Mitch?
Isn't FEMA socialism? Why can't ppl whose property and house blown away just pull themselves up by their bootstraps instead of mooching?
That whole dismantling if the government y'all have been up to will bite us all in the ass. Y'all can't pray hurricanes away.
And TX is sitting on Rainy Day Fund
that's called preparedness...
That unnecessary expanded military budget could have been used here. You are woefully unprepared for your job and uncaring to boot.
Sure could use either the $113 BILLION USA funds for illegals or Obama's Ben Rhodes IRAN secret payment in DARKNESS of $1.7 BILLION....
Everybody loves socialism when disaster strikes.
If only there was a branch of government that could do something about this, possibly with members from Texas
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Hey, they'll be just like the Secret Service!! Maga and all that....
And understaffed. Where were you @JohnCornyn before FEMA was needed by Texas?
Thank you President Trump and you Cornyn for this. #worstsenatorintheusa
As is the secret service but some how spending on a wall seems like a good idea to bigots
Part of the problem you are and not part of the solution - support ppl - be there yourself to help. Be worthy of your office !
So global warming, God's punishment, need for higher taxes, better government?? Whatcha think?
Stop scaring people @ChrisCuomo this has to stop - politicians and press scaring ppl - the ppl will do their jobs and help ppl in Irma
Take some from the HATE WALL Fund.
