but remember  everyone was fawning over obamao...
i wasn't either but the media was...
thank you for calling an investigation into The Trump administration's involvement with Russia. Finally! I'm a constituent
what do say sir? Do you still support Sessions after lying and misleading the Senate Committee in his confirmation hearing
& we all hated Obama's governing. I guess we should have put up a better fight to oppose back then too. Maybe we'd be better off
Because Trump's picks are unqualified. Obama chose a Nobel prize-winning nuclear physicist to head the DOE; Trump picks Perry.
because Most of the nominees are totally unqualified....keep playing party politics,2020 won't be your year Senator!
Obama's nominees weren't cronies, corrupt, incompetent, sellouts to foreign powers, and white supremacists.
he made better choices at this stage...
You're one of the jerks that obstructed Obama's nomination. Now your side breaks the rules and it's OK? Hypocrite.
Hilarious!  Contrast is invalid.  You lose.
Hang in there !! They will pay at the POLLS
constituent here. I'm begging you to listen to us and separate yourself from this Insanity of the Trump Administration
me too. Him and #Cruz can hit the road. Maybe we can collectively sue them for not representing us on #DeVos.
#letlizspeak #ShePersisted  I'm so ashamed of my Texas Senators
thank you! I have a habit of calling each day but I also need to write! Thanks for the encouragement
Your party obstructed the nomination of a Supreme Court justice. Unprecedented sabotage of the best interests of the people
perhaps if DJT had nominated people who were qualified it would be going better for you.
because they hate our country and want to dismantle our government
In other words, Obama had more intelligent, ethical nominees. I'm a Texan. I voted for you. I'm watching what you do.
YOU ARE HEREBY INVITED TO A TOWN HALL WITH YOUR CONSTITUENTS.  PLEASE RSVP ASAP!
Senator, the people of Houston do not agree with these cabinet picks. Please represent us. Vote NO on Scott Pruitt for EPA.
Two parties should work collaboratively, bringing different perspectives to find solid solutions, not at absolute odds. Tsk tsk!
cry me a river! Clearly YOU don't listen to your constituents. And I don't think you objected to any of Obamas nominees.
Obama nominated qualified people, vetted them, had them complete ethics reviews. Not Dems fault Trump didn't do his job.
that's because Obama made better choices
Dude, how do you look at yourself in the mirror with a straight face? #GarlandNotGorsuch #SCOTUS #SupremeCourt
probably because Obama was better prepared and chose better people than the tweeting orange baby
@crawfishaka They t punishing the American peole
.@JohnCornyn @KurtSchlichter Because Democrats reach across the aisle. 
And are open-minded. 
"Liberal"
Ya know
well, could it possibly be taking a long time because the constituents are making themselves heard? Are you listening?
perhaps if reasonable, intelligent, knowing, non-billionaire donors of DJT were put forward you'd see confirmation
hope you folks are taking notes, Regressive Left always treat the folks on the other side horribly
The BEST is WORTH waiting these IMPOSTER  so called Senators OUT. Next Election let's DUMP them ALL 
Maybe if @realDonaldTrump nominated better candidates or if any of them had been properly vetted you'd be further along
People Obama nominated were worthy. Donald's are not. Serve Texans, not Trump. #ThisIsWhy
So? What's your point? Other cabinets took even longer than this.  If DT had picked qualified people there wouldn't be issues!
Maybe the Republican Administration should stop being so radical. Stop nominating incompetent and/or David Duke approved cabinet
Listen little man, tell all of it. Obama's full cabinet wasn't conf. until April 28 & most tRump noms didn't do paperwork timely
@ArodStraus it was easy for Oblame-ya, he just appointed who the brotherhood told him to.
great choice @realDonaldTrump
riddle me that?? These cabinet nominations are egregious. What ever happened to #draintheswamp
Again sir. If qualified candidates who actually submitted ethics paperwork were nominated, this would not be a problem!
That is largely the fault of "roll-over" republicans who offered no resistance to Obama
must have something to do with how unqualified the nominations are.
the last one was the end of april..alternative facts..not real ones
thanks to the feckless Mitch McConnell
How was this able to go on for 8 years? We demand indictments...& plenty of them! TREASON!
Hope you realize why #Swampcabinet
The most corrupt cabinet of cronies in American history. History textbooks 50 yrs from now will not look kindly on you.
Remember the Party of No?
shouldn't have dragged their feet on ethics disclosures
Oppositional forces have become hideous. Dem's only deceive and destroy. JFK warned. https://youtu.be/Or6z_wKUU5w 
I could be totally wrong,  but I don't remember GOP giving O a hard time on his picks.
the answer is in the qualifications. Line them up.
Didn't Democrats control the Senate then? I don't remember.
@KurtSchlichter & gives us the chance to point & laugh at hyperbolic hysteria-that rarely happens & we've been given a gift
All the dems. r playing politics. They are STILL pissed about Nov.8.
2 ways to look at that. Neither great.
.@JohnCornyn And Obama had signed HALF as many EOs. Whereas yr guy bans Muslims, Obama EO created Council for Women & Girls. BIG DIFFERENCE
Also don't start this obstructionist rallying cry BS when you and your allies stole a grand jury pick from @BarackObama.
Obama picked qualified people to lead those departments.  @realDonaldTrump Has not done so with very few exceptions.
This proves that highly qualified, well vetted nominees sail through the confirmation process.
Senator, that's because all of Trump's picks are grossly unqualified and do not represent the best interest of all Americans.
Well maybe it he had nominated QUALIFIED candidates that would be a different story.
no one cares about the number. This isn't a competition. We want fair, qualified members to be confirmed.
Yeah, it helps when they actually are qualified. Takes much longer to confirm foxes for the henhouse, don't you know.
Perhaps if they didn't have an #unpresidented number of potential conflicts & did their ethics homework on time.
What about Obama's SCOTUS nominee? And remember when we had a POTUS we could actually be proud of, not ashamed of?
How unfortunate for the American people. #SwampCabinet
.@JohnCornyn How 'bout you nominate something other than old rich white guys??
.@JohnCornyn Refresh my memory but weren't you & .@SenateMajLdr who said "We will do whatever it takes to block President Obama"?
.@JohnCornyn Eh hem *clears throat* MERRICK GARLAND
Wise men store up knowledge but the mouth of a fool invites ruin. Proverbs 10:14
I'm sure that you are doing the best you can with this worst pool of cabinet nominations ever. Start asking the hard questions!
if you can't see the difference you are beyond hope. I'm Texan. I give, vote & volunteer. You are on your way out, dinosaur.
@stormestone Slowing us down will not stop us.
I'm reading your constituent's tweet replies, are u?! Man U r in trouble. Change courses now if u want to keep ur job. #ivote
Which comfirmed we were all fucked!
That's because his picks are horrible. #ShePersisted
Good god, the liberal replies here are some of the bitterest, angriest, delusional things I've read all day. Get help, you all.
the difference is Obama's nominees were qualified and wanted to run their dept. Not tear it down. Tell Trump to release his tax
thats because President Obama picked better people.
Some of these cabinet picks are truly frightening. Your lack of integrity is appalling, and you have permanently lost my vote.
because THEY were qualified! Your disrespect for your constituents voices is reprehensible.
@_CFJ_ 2 things 1) dem pushback and crucially 2) careful appointments vs impulsive need to fill positions.

#MAGA
@GMamachckn they trusted the devil in disguise
Yep.  Get over it ☛ @SenWarren  The wins, keep coming lol!  Enjoy the ride  @realDonaldTrump @PrisonPlanet @Cernovich
@reallyo1 let's face reality, @TheDemocrats will do anything to stall progress.
It's part of the disfunction narrative that will transcend into the impeachment narrative that will transcend into the....
obama won both the a majority popular vote and ec dt was underwater on the popular vote
probably because his cabinet picks were actually qualified for the job.
Shameful confirmation. Become a representative of your constituents not your political cronies. Embarrassing to our state.
, Dear John, would go faster if DT chose even ONE QUALIFIED PERSON.  Why are YOU a sycophant for this pathetic POTUS? Payoff?
How many highly unqualified billionaires of questionable and concerning business ties did Obama appoint at this time 8 yrs ago?
vetting. Google it. Also lack of qualifications.
Traitors don't get re-elected. #AdiosIn2020
Slowest confirmations since Washington and he only had 4 nominees. Quit stalling Dems! You are hurting progress! @1VoiceMatters
They think they can slow the Trump Train but we're just getting up steam!  Trump Trump Trump
yeah. That's because he nominated people who actually qualified for the position, not those who contributed to his campaign.
Obama's were much more mainstream.
Perhaps if DJT had nominated qualified people it would have gone better.
Cannot wait to see the flood of Federal Judge appointments flooding the Senate this year
There gonna wear out their shoes trying to stop this train !
@seanmdav but they were not, how did Rumsfeld so poetically put it, the worst of the worst.
TIITF!
What about President Obama's AG pick? Remember?
but not even a vote on Garland! What hypocrites and whiners Republicans are. Karma.
tell the cabinet they to complete all documents and return them...what's the delay
Trump's picks are CORRUPT, friends of Putin, &UNQUALIFIED..I wonder why they've been slowed down? #StopGOPCorruption
Hey Cornyn have you turned off your fax & phone lines?
@sassyandcowgirl can't wait to #LockHerUp , the Clinton foundation cronies and the #pizzagate child sex traffickers
@seanmdav Obama didn't have a bunch of pacified crybabies trying to stop him at the time.
@WayneDupreeShow democrats are such a disgrace
- is this a contest? I thought you were there to do what was right by America.
let's just get this over with so we can start uniting our country and get on with the issues we are concerned about ..
@SenWarren is not a "little lady" and that kind of tone is unacceptable. You are fanning the flames.
@WayneDupreeShow people need to get on the Trump Train and MAGA
Sessions and DeVos confirmations are shameful and disrespectful to the nation.
Better transition staff work. Vetting started earlier. Also, we were in the middle of an economic catastrophe!  #historymatters
@guypbenson Why are there 21 cabinet members? #toomany #shrinkit
I thought GOP liked smaller government?
who gives a shit what Obama did he is a has been
@zorn17 and all of them incompetent liberal fools for Obama
I will work to defeat you in 2020.  You aren't representing your constituents.
yes Obama was a better President. You disappoint your constituents with your confirmations of Trump's cabinet.
The number should be zero for Trump. Worst bunch of hacks and pay-to-play toadies ever. Shame on you! We'll remember this. 77006
This is absolutely UNACCEPTABLE! I believe the Media is mostly to blame!Just ridiculous plus it places America at risk.NOT COOL!
That's what winning the popular vote will do for you.
@guypbenson Yeah - because Obama's picks were 'bipartisan', 'uniquely qualified', and no doubt doubled as angels in heaven.
@jjauthor that's because the Republicans were/are morons...they expect Dems to play by the same rules.
@WayneDupreeShow The party of No huh
@WayneDupreeShow regrettably this is a strong reflection of the depth & influence of the cancer of Clinton Inc in Washington
@WayneDupreeShow that just means Republicans are pushing fast enough.
Time to take the gloves off and let the Republican train roll through
and ur point? Let me help: Obama picked qualified people! trump picked unqualified, corrupt people! & corrupt congress likes!
Because 45 is a train wreck? You are so right. Time to get off the bus senator and start saving this country.
@billpostmus you know media slammed Kelly for saying as much, calling BS, thanks for reality check!
if Trump had qualified cabinet nominees it might move faster!
Just another reason to go to the polls in '18. #dumpcornyn #NoToCornyn
That has something to do with quality of the cabinet members. These men are ALL members of fringe groups!
being embarrassed over no integrity isn't part of the Dem vocabulary or demeanor, no surprise here
@billpostmus Thats because these 0 power Libs know theyre beat and thats all can do. Whine and obstruct.The Voters are watching.
@ahrferrier cabinet level!
@guypbenson Yea.  I know. Obama was a God and Trump a fascist.  But the stalling on his cabinet is getting absurd.
stop complaining about the past and just do your dang job!!
You say you're "honored to represent the great state of Texas." You don't. You represent a handful of millionaire Republicans.
What about Garland??? You guys ever appoint him???
Everybody knows that this unconstitutional insanity is not what you signed up for- STAND UP. Your great-grandkids will thank you
@American_Momma I'm in sad New Jersey. I wrote to our pathetic liberal Senators Booker & Menendez to COOPERATE WITH TRUMP!
right. What does that say about your poor choices and ignoring what the majority of people want?
it helps that Obama picked vetted people who knew the job while Republican administration is nominating inexperienced cronies
just MAYBE because his picks are WILDLY unqualified unethical and endless conflicts of interest?? #duh
.@JohnCornyn so, what you're saying is.....Obama was better at being President than 45?

Agreed! Finally!!
Trump less successful than Obama. Low energy. Sad!
@NavyChief_Mark #Dems need2stopTemperTantrums
because his picks weren't multimillionaire CEO's who invest in scamming of the people
H-Y-P-O-C-R-I-T-E
Stop acting like your party was a victim. We are all going to remember what side of history you are on sir. #WhyIResist
, isn't there only 15 cabinet members? And Obama had 21, no wonder you hated him so much!
Obama was prepared for the transition and his nominees got their paperwork done. Don't blame Obama for the failure of Trump.
Maybe Obama made BETTER picks than Trump is doing.  One more thing,you say Senator Warren  out of line re: Sessions? JOE WILSON
I am ashamed you represent me and Texas. I listened to you last night. And now this. All nominees are unfit as are you.
Because Obama chose qualified people of integrity for the positions, not the circus act chosen by Bannon.
Hahahahaha. Persons of integrity?
Obama didn't nominate bunch of unqualified racist grifters.
it's a little harder to elect klansmen and White Supremacist sympathizers... But not by much.
Senate Republicans still held up plenty of Obama's nominees, who were qualified for their roles.  Party or country, Senator?
#ethicsmatter #2020
