You know that ppl have lost all objectivity and are pursuing a propaganda campaign who rail against a law that hasn't been enacted yet.
Perhaps we won't criticize the 'improved' one! But until then, the House version is the one we can look at, and it is a disaster.
One gets the impression that you're not really used to the idea of participatory democracy. It's not your place to tell us to be quiet.
I heard you say that all you had to do was get 51 Senators to vote for it, don't you care that Obamacare has a higher app. rating than Trump
So we're just supposed to take your word for it? Your tweets don't inspire our trust.
Point is: we don't believe you. Show us a bill that improves life rather than stuffing dollars in Trumps pocket. Stop telling us to shut up.
Improved for whom? Do you represent us or health insurance companies? After you sold off our internet privacy, I'm skeptical.
Honestly, you could have said you were working on improving the bill for your constituents but instead you decided to be condescending.
Point is, House GOP didn't even read it.
I hope improved = transformed into something totally different
As a citizen of Texas and a voter I prefer policy details.
I will decide for myself if it is "improved"
But I will listen attentively to your assessment of the house bill.
liar out and out liar
Where's the draft? American people deserve to know what's going in this bill. Besides a massive tax cut for the 1%.
House Republicans ram through an incompetent, dangerous bill counting on grownups to fix it later?
That's how your party governs?
Rob, are you serious because all this started with Ocare? Where was the governing then? Be honest, please.
Obamacare expanded coverage for poor & created protections for the rest of us: pre-ex condition coverage, no coverage caps, care standards.
Serious question: where was care lacking before in Pre Cond.? No coverage at all? Even with state pools?
You could also get dropped completely if you got an expensive diagnosis. Rescission departments - the real death panels - will be back. 
But if you were already covered, they couldn't drop you, could they? I really don't know.
Many big insurance companies had "rescission departments" whose only job was finding ways to drop coverage when paid customers got too sick.
Sorry, been away. I didn't know that about Ins. co. Is this where expanded Medicaid could take over? Low reimbursement, though.
is our #civicparticipation too much for you? STEP DOWN
Heard that before, haven't we?
No, your point was that you don't want us to participate in the democratic process. We are fighting for our lives. #IAmAPreexistingCondition
You don't know what's in it, either. You voted, that's all. #Corrupt
Senator, your colleagues voted for a bill that makes rape and c-sections a pre-existing conditions.
Point is: it will be improved https://twitter.com/johncornyn/status/861244045431123968 …
Republicans want to kill off the poor
Is this like taking a shit sandwich on Wonderbread and changing it to toasted rye? Still a shit sandwich.
New and improved box of crap. If you want me to crap in a box and mark it guarenteed I will I've got time!
Ask your constituents what they want in their healthcare bill.  Then you will know. You need to hear us. Not yourself and your party.
If it has to be changed, why wasn't it written the right way in the 1st place? It was touted as "the improvement."
Because you cowards passed the buck!
Will you be reading the improved one or is that asking too much?
I don't know if I trust your definition of improvement, John. Don't get mad that we, your constituents, want a say in our own laws!
"We're not screwing you over America, take my word for it," @JohnCornyn right before royally screwing many Americans over.
The fact is, most of the House admits they voted without looking. Yet you seem to blame the victims of governmental malice and negligence.
We have little confidence with McConnell, Cornyn and Cruz. We've already burned too many times this year
I am happy to believe that ... when I can see it. I look forward to you proving me wrong. Until that happens, I fight.
LOL, @JohnCornyn talking to @JohnCornyn again .  "Nobody loves @JohnCornyn more than @JohnCornyn", says @JohnCornyn
Will you hold a Town Hall to address our questions and explain plan?
Your job is to improve the bill BEFORE YOU PASS IT! 8 years of obstruction and "repeal & replace" & nobody bothered drafting a new bill?!
So u r saying we should all be fine with House crap version and just trust that Senate will improve it?  I have ocean prop in Az for sale.
You need to insist that the team reviewing and improving AHCA is comprised with at least three or four women on board.
Inproved for who .You donors will get bigger tax cuts
Hahahahahahaha
According to whom? Your constituents? That would require you actually listening to us. The party line voting is really sickening. #listen!
@JohnCornyn Why wasnt it improved in the first place? Why are Republicans working against constituents? Why no town halls or Accountability?
Show us the plan. You've had 7 years. It should already be out there.
Too bad your not a good Christian John. Because if you were you would never allow this.
Why don't we get to see this bill you speak of? Is it as bad as the sh*t sandwich the house passed? The one with a 17% approval rating? Sad
will only believe that when we see it! Highly Doubtful it will be improvement over Obamacare. Easy to improve house crappy bill
You are supposed to represent us. The not enacted law you speak of doesn't take care of us! #DoYourJob #YouRepresentUs #VoteNoAHCA #resist
How?  We like ACA.  Why can't you just improve it?
Show us a better bill and will support. Seeing you all  laughing and celebrating this bad bill like watching movie villains.
When you sell out?  When we all are broke because we are women with preexisting conditions?  Get it right
No senator, the point is that the House passed their bill, which even you admit is a disaster for the GOP.
Have the courage to risk your career to do what is right.... what John F Kennedy stood for
Maybe you should have said that to begin with. Cant get any worse so, sure, it will be improved.
Point is Obama won Profiles in Courage award while you Repubs were busy sitting on your ass being totally anti-obama like kindergarteners
Waiting patiently to hear the Senate's "improvements"
If anyone loses their healthcare because of this bill then you should have to forfeit your healthcare #LeadByExample
Point is: if we don't rail away, we'll all be worse off than before the ACA. Only thing trickling down is hot piss of contempt from y'all.
Well it certainly can't get any worse. No thanks to the house.
Seniors should not be charged more. Keep preexisting conditions (no state opt-out). Remove individual mandate.
That is what we are counting on.
what does CBO say about it?  ......
Point is: ppl are terrified & you being an elitist jerk doesn't help. Nor does the fact that you won't have town halls to discuss anything.
You guys have had more than 6 years now to come up with your own healthcare plan. Your failure to do so means anything rushed now will suck.
this string of tweets on healthcare ? methinks the Macron win has given GOP a "wobbly" tide is turning guys- tide is turning 
.@johncornyn Point is: improve it before you vote on it. And yes, we have lost all confidence in Congress when you blindly follow Trump.
Way to be vague there.  It will be improved.  What does that even mean?  Sounds like pandering to me.
That's like turning your half-completed homework in and telling the teacher you'll do better next time.  Why not do better now?
Point is: you and GOP are IDIOTS!!!!! (drop mic)
Tax-funded Minimum floor/catastrophic coverage for all, with the option for people to buy higher level of coverage on open market
Please improve it to single payer
We will hold you to that promise, sir. And my definition of "improved" is for the 98%, not greater relief for the 2%
Are you saying the AHCA is pretty good but just needs tweaking?  We are saying it misses the boat altogether.  No tax break for rich!
It's okay for you to celebrate, but we can't be skeptical about an $880 billion cut to Medicaid and nervous about pre existing conditions.
The improvement so far consists in removing me from the insurance market. So much for choice and competition.
Well it can't get much fucking worse. Will the Senate's take recognize women as citizens with equal rights?
We who "have lost all objectivity" are your constituents. We are angry and terrified. Can you HELP?
Really ?  We shall see. I doubt it . You could have the repair of ACA. THIS is how u  govern? Tx deserves better
Republicans have had years to improve it, now you made it worse and then say you will improve it? You are a liar.
You could improve a turd with some scented spray and a bow, but no matter how much you work to improve it, it is still shit.
You mean like Trump claiming a victory for a law not enacted yet? Right.
Why can't you be objective about Trump and his lying?
This on was supposed to be an improvement! I can't wait until you 'improve' it some more!

What you seem to be doing is obfuscating it.
By the time you are done you can plausibly say it can do and be anything. When the rubber meets the road, the worst of it will reign.
Don't put out and support crap u know still needs to b improved
Point Is: should never have passed in HOR. Point is: ur idea of "improved" is probably not good either. UR track record is bad.
Point is, it was a huge tax break to the 1% and horrible for everyone else. The house will turn blue, and constituents have long memories.
Perhaps because the fundamentals of repeal and replace are flawed. If I learned anything from my coaches, it's all about the fundamentals
Nothing about way GOP has handled healthcare gives any confidence.
How soon can we see a CBO score?
Improve ACA do not "repeal".
.@JohnCornyn Because the GOP hasn't shown they care about the welfare of Americans.
Don't you want our thoughts about how it should be improved? You are supposed to represent our interests, after all...
Point is: People are being proactive so politicians like you don't screw over Americans again like usual.
You are touting a bill that you say has not yet been written, but telling critics to wait until it has been written. #HighSchoolDebateTeam
I'm afraid we don't trust you. ACA could have been improved, but for cynical refusal of McConnell's GOP.
How?
I'd like proof prior to your rhetoric.
With no women at the table? Not likely.
Point is: we know you intend to do us harm.
Your constituents are simply letting their representatives know what is important to them. You should listen to these voices.
my point is vote for repeal and replace..period end of conversation..do what you promised 6 times during the o'b admin.we are watching,sir
You'd better hope so! Through no fault of the Republicans; Dems will rewrite #2020
Evidence, please. Or are we just supposed to sit quietly until the bill is enacted then have you say "It's the law of the land. Too late."?
key word "yet" -Cornyn you know right now, don't you, that all you men are going to pass this AHCA thru the Senate-good luck in 2020 Cornyn.
Amazingly beyond stupid statement--then why not do it right the first time and why should we trust one word out of your mouth?
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @RepKevinBrady   Some Republicans can improve it,  You loyal sockpuppet Trumpistas can only make it worse. 2018
Point is: You are on the AHCA panel. We have seen how GOP treats people. We are watching every move you, Cruz & McConnell make. Be careful.
The point is you bitched about ppl complaining and this bill when you did the same and you were busted for it.
Only way to improve HC is to remove for-profit motive of insurance. Otherwise, only way to reduce cost is to reduce coverage. U up for it?
Yes The AHCA will improve it for the ultra wealthy and insurance companies. You are screwing the rest of ur constituents!
Taking away #coverage from #24million mostly #poor and #elderly is an #improvement? In the words of our 43rd President, that's #fuzzymath
Point is the GOP has spent 8 years purposely sabotaging the ACA because you're a bunch of racists.
The point is: prove it! Show details for all to see. Give CBO & others time to review and critique it. Can you pledge that will happen?
Your original comment is quite different from your "point."  The comment was insulting to me and my choice to act rather than wait.
Point is: We don't trust you.
Point is: we'll improve the senate in 2020 by voting you out of office. #RepealAndReplaceRepublicans @IndivisibleTeam
Point is: it's a terrible bill
Empty words from an empty suit. #CBOscore
But how would those that represent us know how we feel about the bill if we sit by and not express our concern over how idiotic it is?
If we don't speak up, Sen would pass as-is assuming it's all good. We can't take that chance knowing you don't truly rep your constituents
By who? Republicans? BAWHAHAHAHAHAHA! I'll take my chances w a rabid lion thn trust y'all
How will it be improved? Details please. Your constituents would like some information in order to make an informed decision on merits.
Point is, don't slam your constituents for doing their duty as citizens and paying attention to what our gov't is up to.
We don't trust GOP w/ our lives at this point. It's called preservation.
Point is you, none of you have the RIGHT to attempt any law that is un-Constitutional, which is what your attempting. Repeal then go away.
Bullcrap. The pushback is based on actually reading the bill (which your bros in congress didn't do). You 've given us no reason to trust.
Makes more sense than throwing a victory party after passing a bill in the house thats DOA in the senate.  Amateurs.
That is your consolation to your constituents ..8 years should have something for us to evaluate for CBO  to evaluate but nada
At this point why should anyone believe that? Because Senate is more reasonable? Given intel investigation partisanship, asking a lot
If pre existing is removed at all then you have improved nothing but insurance and funeral home wallets
...and the check is in the mail. Replutocrats don't have a lot of credibility.
Are you saying you expect the changes to be so fundamental that the current concerns of citizens are unnecessary?
Improved for whom? The wealthy that will get tax breaks or those that will not be able to afford rate hike for preexisting conditions?
: you've been working on this for 7 yrs. where is draft?  What are you doing for US?
Then why were you celebrating ?
Perhaps you could have improved Obamacare over the past several years? We are not buying this "Phase 2" BS. GOP=Snake Oil salesmen.
The only way to improve this pile of junk would be to scrap it entirely.
Well, it will certainly be improved for the rich. They're the main ones benefitting from this bill.
You have left us with no trust in you. You didn't even try to show any compassion or empathy to your constituents. You lost all credibility.
You had 8 years to either work with the Obama Admin or write a bill that was better. You did NOTHING. You put fear in the hearts of American
You were so offended that a black man was president you obstructed everything even if you agreed with it.
We are not all mindless and stupid as you and some of your posters think.
Exactly how will it be improved?  How will it help the poor? What about pre-existing conditions?  Tell us!!
Why don't you work on IMPROVING the ACA!!!
Why did y'all vote on something that needed to be improved? And celebrated it!? Garbage plan by garbage people.
And why should we trust you? You're enabling a traitor which makes you complicit..our democracy is being eroded and ur doing nothing.
Who is the traitor? How is it being eroded?
Trump is a traitor, he colliding with Russia to hijack our elections..they weaponized fake news to sway the votes of simpletons.
You might believe what you said is true, but it isn't true. Getting mad at ppl voting for who they wanted instead of who you wanted is lame.
I don't see how. The bill missing several critical components including price discovery which no health institution is willing to disclose.
So we should be good little constituents and trust you - the same ppl who gave us Iraq War & denied Garland even a hearing?
We're supposed to trust you when you say it will be improved?
Improved for whom?
Point is: 7 years was plenty of time to have an 'improved' version.
All that was needed was to improve the #ACA which is what was asked by the Dems to the Republicans in Congress but of course @GOP said No
I'll admit that I'm concerned about the no. of anti-women's health provisions in the House bill & the lack of women on yr committee.
Setting fire to it would be an improvement.
This is disingenuous. There is plenty written (& passed by the House, for that matter) to criticize.
To truly address the problems in health care, you'd have to change this legislation so dramatically, it may as well rewrite it.
What is the public record of your comments during the process of passing ACA? Did you have a similar "wait & see" attitude?
Need three things at minumum: Community rating, subsidies for low income, and some form of mandate so healthy subsidize the unhealthy.
Great! Hope you'll keep in critical protections for the chronically ill, the self-employed, and special ed. Illness shouldn't be punishment.
Are you completely clueless? "Keep in protections"? They are removing them. They DON'T CARE ABOUT THE SICK!!!
So senator that White House shindig after the vote really didn't happen?
Seems to me it's the President and Congress who lost their objectivity. Along w the entire gop of course.
Point is publicly elected officials should get public input on what they want. Not think they know what is best
Nothing new they want to derail it.It doesn't help when the Dem leadership say that people will die @NancyPelosi Thank you for what you do!
What we've seen so far does not bode well i.e. $880 m cut from Medicaid massive tax break for 1%.   Got some" splaining" to do if u pass it.
Sure it will
Run on repeal and replace, then try to give us Obama Care lite. BS. You are not smarter or better educated than us. We see through your lies
Where's your town hall to further discuss, John? Point is: you choose to ignore your constituents.
You guys say that every time you want to be re-elected. Strangely, NOTHING changes. I stopped voting for you years ago.
Nice try, but you can't backpedal out of that statement so eaisly.   If that was really your point you would have just said that, trying
to reassure and comfort them.  Instead you chose to dismiss their concerns and belittle them for even speaking up.   Not cool sir!!!
Want to improve healthcare for all? SINGLE PAYER. You're welcome 
Amen to that.
Point is, when you and many of your fellow GOPers are out of office, our country will improve.
So your going to go Back to Obamacare and fix the rates? Good to hear!
Whatever. You rammed it thru the house to appease the freedom caucus. Ps- removing healthcare from people isn't an improvement.
(2/2) or b) waiting for a CBO score (which many Republicans lividly demanded over Obamacare)
@JohnCornyn You are literally THE most trifiling senator. Your tweets make you sound like a child. #DoYourJob #growup #Resist
We. Do. Not. Trust. You.
No, the point is that Republicans voted for it in its current poisonous form without (a) fulfilling their pledge to make it available (1/2)
Prove it. The lies from the GOP and WH have gotten so casual and out of hand you no longer have credibility.
So you want us to shut up & not be heard until the law is enacted? @JohnCornyn hypocrisy in it's highest form from you.
Lies. The only people who benefit are the rich. The poor and powerless will end up dead because of you and your ilk.
Oh you mean the tax cuts for wealthy taxpayers will be larger? #youfucker
You guys also promised to protect pre-existing conditions and to not cut into Medicaid. Your promise is worth nothing.
It's ludicrous to say "don't be mad at what we've done so far, we'll make it better." Why? When? What reason do we have to believe you?
And if your intent is to make it better, why didn't you do it BEFORE it passed the House? You haven't denounced a single measure yet.
So again, why are we supposed to believe you when you won't even tell us what you'll make better?
You are just babbling!For someone so active on Twitter, you haven't attracted many followers,you are antagonist, and a dead Troll giveaway
Point remains. We don't trust you.
How so?
