violence is not the way. we may all agree to disagree on how to save our democracy but shooting folks is not the answer. #resist
Have a great day mr president hope you get something great for your birthday
May #God be with him. Someone had to #Stalk out the #congressional #ballgame.  This is #premeditated
Thoughts for the congressman, but I hope you birthday continues to shit on you.
Happy Birthday to one Awesome President..keep up theGreat work and don't let the obstructionist slow you down
Thoughts and prayers to all who were injured here. YOU HAVE VALUDATED HATE IN THIS COUNTRY. YOU HAVE UNLEASHED THE UGLY. SHAME ON YOU.
* validated*
Thank God he had brave and trained security on site!
We must pass nationwide concealed-carry!
It's time to stop all of the bickering between parties and come together. We've elected nothing but whiny children. No one is exempt. Period
275 americans died of gunshots last week Mr President but no tweets.
Hope he has good health insurance
"If [Clinton]  gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do folks. Though the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don't know.”-DJT
...for all those say the Dems incite violence against the Reps.....look at who you voted for!
#prayforscalise
We must stop hating
Thank you Mr. President. Democrats have begun a WAR. It's time.. LOCK N LOAD. Protect yourself.

Liar
Thanks to you inciting all this hate and anger... Assault weapons should be banned! Oh, wait forgot NRA = $$$ - What disgrace!
Ban guns already. Seriously
Obama need come back Now !!!
Bring back Obama? Hes the one that caused this huge divide in our country. Good riddance to that clown #MAGA

Disgusting, evil, violent leftists. #MAGA 
No one has any idea about his motives yet. He could've been pissed at his own party, or mentally unstable. BS like this only divides us more
As long as you support that weapons can be sold in any supermarket, it such shootings will happen again and again ! You politics  !
Assassinations always come from the left!
Then you Republicans immediatly should start some very strict Gun regulations, don't you?
Impressed by the quick and concise answer to your question...(not)...
love how they avoid any rational response.
Charlie Manson is a Liberals Envitomentalist democrat who HATED BLACKS! This is what is DEMOCRATS LEGACY! Same shit they do decades!
Hey what was up with your boy Sessions yesterday? He has a pretty shitty memory for someone that holds such an important position.
You see, Mr President? You see what happens when YOU continue splitting Dems & Republicans? THIS is under YOUR watch.
Happy Bday bro
Good start. Now, #londonfire Please don't say Islam. The building was full of Muslims. Oh, and you're 71. Maybe time to lay off b-day hype.
THESE SOROS FUNDED protesters  are terrorists!these are cancers trying to change our constitution  !they may be americans there terrorist
As if the president cares abt anyone/thing but himself. #disgrace
Happy Birthday To Our Awesome, Fearless President Trump!! 
The first and only acceptable tweet you've made in your entire life. We appreciate that. May God enlighten the mind of all of us
Holy crap! You actually made a proper tweet in regards to the shooting. Must have been written by a staffer. Kudos for not instigating hate
Any thoughts and/or prayers on gun reform?
Let me ask you how stricter gun laws helped out Chicago? Oh right, it's the murder capital because criminals don't obey laws.
Because they don't have very strict gun laws. (http://dnain.fo/1Rz7wLb )

Australia does! No mass shootings in 2 decades.
I'm not giving up my right to defend myself. In fact this incident has reminded me that I need to more then ever to defend myself.
I'm not someone who is going to blame the tool. I'm going to blame the person who got up this morning and decided to go kill some Americans
I don't want to blame the tool either so you're forgiven.
I never asked for your forgiveness.
(You're the tool in case that wasn't clear)
We can agree on that one. An attack on an elected official is an attack on democracy.
Democracy was attacked 6 months ago
Wrong: the only part that's speculative is Trumps "collusion" both rep and dem acknowledge Russia interfered. Try watching the hearings lol
Slob Con Man: OBAMA, FDR, JOHNSON, ET AL, WERE ONE OF THE FEW BEST AMERICAN PRESIDENTS. You are the UNDOING OF ALL THAT IS DECENT HERE ! 
(M)ake (A)merica (M)ORAL (A)GAIN !  You and your empty-headed family are a NATIONAL/INTERNATIONAL EMBARRASSMENT !!
Mr President @POTUS 

GOD BLESSED Mr @SteveScalise 

"made excellent progress in his recovery (gunshot)"

https://twitter.com/MedStarWHC/status/890237102536916993 …

#MAGA #2A
This is what happens when the Left normalizes and encourages violence towards the Right. Disgusting.
They attack the young.
They attack the old.
The Left is hostile towards anyone who even slightly disagrees with them.
It's only the beginning. When their media applauds this aggression towards fellow Americans. There is no winner. Only a loser: America.
This was a planned assassination attempt of a Republican Congressman. THIS is the damage done when CNN employees hold up decapitated heads.
It's time to protect American citizens from gun violence. We need sensible gun legislation NOW. AR15's should be illegal, period
Banning guns won't help. Bombs are illegal. Does that stop a nut job? No. The shooter is the problem not the weapon. They will use anything.
Faulty syllogism. Bombs are much less available, right? Building them is damned hard. Guns! Guns! Guns! Are ready to use & everywhere!!!
Must stop Islamic Way in America.
Accounts so far state shooter is a white male.
Where would Middle eastern's fit in?  

Should America not allow White Males to visit?

How about Mediterranean types, considered white?
We should allow anyone in. The chart was a response to ppl claiming the shooter of the congressman was probably Muslim.
So am I...Mediterranean type.

Muslims come in all shapes, sizes and colour.

Ignorance does too

We need more tolerance and respect
That was what I was going for:)

It's time to drain the swamp! Obama's people need to go! Trump it's time to stand your ground! Put em all out the door!
Uh, they fired ALL hz highly qualified ppl a long tme ago! Therz hundrds of empty postns, so you can only blame trmputin for whtevrs happng!
#HappyBirthdayMr.Prez
Vizit to the city
We support your efforts to drain the swamp. Please protect our gun rights! Arming ourselves is the best answer.

Hey!!Hawww! ALABAMA.....If you embrace Roy Moore & Donald Trumps views. It means you embrace "Isils" views on pedophilia and child molestation. Remember Isils?. The guys you hide under your blanket from.   Americ…
You're drunk!
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and p...
Good bosd
Happy birthday boss much love and respect
its his&your own created terror of backing gun manufacturers/profiteers >which has come home2roost so cant blame any1 but your selves
This is what happens when you play with hate. You ran on hate. You encouraged hate. And now hate is here. YOU did this.
George Soros & ANTIFA are domestic terrorists ANTIFA, Soros supports MSM& many other groups. This is a #COUP @DHSgov needs to do their job!
He's not out of the woods yet. :'(
Isn't it tragic that hate consumes so many liberals to where they take matters in their own hands? Going on a shooting spree is just awful!
Oh yes! They are always the first to point fingers, however, and then turn around and do something like this. I'm tired of the hypocrisy!
They are in denial & now we have Michael Moore setting up a site for any one to report wrong doings of DJT. Not sure if it's up & running! 
Michael Moore is one of the biggest hypocrites out there. He's got a big mouth!
DITTO
It's truly amazing. People have been murdered in the streets by racist and have gotten not one acknowledgement from you.
But, Rep. Scalise, who supports the mentally ill being allowed to buy weapons is shot by a mentally ill man with a weapon gets your prayers?
What's the difference? Hmmmm, Rep. Scalise shooting vs.
One idiot has "stats" about how violence will go down if we all carry concealed weapons. If you're not BLACK/LATINO, that works out well.
Like Americans should walk around like rootin' tootin' cowboys and cowgirls. A 12yr old black kid was killed playing w/a toy gun.
You think the Police will wait for a black man to produce his license to carry a concealed weapon? That didn't work out for Philando Castile
Educate your disgusting bots...By not restricting gun purchases by the mentally ill, blood is on your hands, Donald.

33000 Americans kill each other with guns annually... and you advixate more guns... crazy...
yes take guns from law abiding so the left rhetoric kills them off . you are INSANE
While I personally believe violence is NOT an appropriate solution, it amazes me how politicians use such calamities as a podium for gain.
BECAUSE OF YOU! TIME TO STEP DOWN.
Where's the outrage about gun control laws?
Your big mouth- Your fault!
So much hate on both sides.  We need to love one another.  Too many people getting killed or hurt.  Lord show us how to love again.
NY Times Tipped Off Shooter to GOP Practice Field
Trump didn't even know him calling him a dear friend please stop with the damn grandstanding,don't use this time to publish yourself.STOP
미국이란 국가는 결국에 총으로 말할거고 그 시작이 지금부터 지속될거다.미국은 결코 자유민주주의 국가가 아니며 오로지 자국 특히 백인들의 공화국을 만들 뿐이다.트럼프는 돈이 중요하지 사람과 인간의 가치는 의미를 두지 않는 무지한 사람일 뿐이다!자유는 노

Gabby Giffords put out a very presidential statement. You should read it.
thank you Pres. Trump for everything u r doing to make America great again. God be with.
Was this your version of fake media? Fully recovered you said... nostratrumpus!!
Take the gloves off! Use the Patriot Act to freeze Soros $. Stop these radicalized domestic terrorist groups. Protect us NOW!
He has poor aim obviously.  His target was elsewhere at the time.
Everyone needs CCW because you never know when the leftist nut jobs, and crazies are going to do it again.
You don't have a clue what a true friend is ! Soulless! SAD !
Is that what a teleprompter told you to say?
you sit by and do nothing about it.Just point fingers and accuse. You yourself told people to take others out at your rally
From the Webb family in Louisiana we all wish you a fast recovery Scalia
yes its sad no one should go through this..but are you a DR now? I hope hes ok and all the others
Mr President I'm ashamed of our country not supporting you to make America great again stay stead fast you have my support U.S.A.
Schön wenn mannein liberales Waffenrecht hat !
He's in critical condition...and possible he won't. Being President doesn't make you a doctor..
translation: I speak before I know anything
Congressional folks appear no more secure than we the people.  We all need to be safe or able to defend ourselves.
You need to take up baseball. Next time it could be you!!!
what do you know about friends?  You don't have any real friends
U have no true friends . you should realize that soon
Wow. You were quick to mention him but no mention of the heroes who died defending that woman in Portland?
A fellow racist, no wonder you like him.
This is on your head. You have created so much hate and fear. People without access to mental health become more fearful. Knock it off!
You have no real friends.
Thoughts and prayers for Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, his family, and all affected by today's senseless shooting. We all need to heal 
It would have never happened if the the players were allowed to have guns on the field #NRA ! (I'm kidding of course)
OMG. This is truly laughable. GOD BLESS THE REPORTERS?  Finally figured out bashing, FBI, CIA, etc. ... NOT SO SMART. ToO little/too late?
Hold on to your Faith!! He will do great!
#FakeNews
And, frankly, none of us recover from this. Don't minimize how horrific this is.
You are not God. He is in critical condition. We all pray for him, don't pretend you can predict his outcome.
I'm so very sorry about yesterday Mr President and I pray that your friend and the others are going to be okay..
A part of me feels weapons should only be in the hands of the law. Understand the first amendmt but we live in different times
QURAN AL MAIDAH
15. O People of the Book! Our Messenger has come to you, clarifying for you much of what you kept hidden of the Book,
Notice how democrats shift blame? It was not a crazy democrat that took all the democrat rhetoric. Gun control. Just like blaming Russia.
The Alexandria shooter was obsessed with Russia conspiracies and Trump's illegitimacy as president. Untold damage MSM does on a daily basis.
I'll bet you couldn't pick Scalise out of a lineup.
THERE IS NO GOD BUT ALLAH MUHAMMAD(PBUH) IS THE MESSENGER OF ALLAH
ASSALAM O ALAIKUM (PEACE BE UPON YOU)
Get rid of the "Right to arm bears" Rambos, any old psychopath and racist who considers their rights more then society needing protection.
Where's the tweet on the two "black" police officers that saved a lot of people? I missed it.
Hehe
KARMA
And how do you know this?
We condemn violence in all settings & hope for the quick recovery of all victims.
Delusional Donnie escalated American rhetoric to violence!
Prayers going out, Mr. President.
2. A messenger from God reciting purified scripts.
3. In them are valuable writings.
America is the only sick country that allows people to carry handguns, hence the murder rate is among the highest worldwide
The buck stops with YOU!  End the hateful divisive tweets and start being Presidential.  Try uniting our country instead of name calling
You know it's your fault, right?
And you know this because you are an expert at healthcare? Still very critical! Oh but he has great health insurance!
Just listened to what Paul Ryan said yesterday An attack on one is an attack on allWhy wasn't this the attitude when the people are attacked
Get some additional world-class American surgeons to that hospital.
Sure.
We Republicans are law abiding and therefore at a disadvantage when attacked by Democrats who do not hesitate to use extreme violence.
Not counting, of course, the peaceful law abiding Montana congressman.
I pray that all recover quickly. America we the people need to get past our predjudice.

But you couldn't even see him...so weak
مهما حاولتو نشر الفوضى بسياستكم الهدامة وتشويه صورة الاسلام باعلامكم القذر .وفي الاخير الحق سوف ينتصر
When Obama spoke, he COULD speak from the heart when something of this nature occurred. NOT YOU. Read from teleprompter of paper? SAD.
, where they will abide forever. God is pleased with them, and they are pleased with Him. That is for whoever fears His Lord.
HE WOULD HEAL UP FAST BY GODS GRACE
Amen, Brother Trump
Strange,not ONE WORD about Huffington Posts APPROVAL of attempted MURDER! Also,have we forgotten 911? We WILL defend ourselves!
Thank God, our prayers go to him and his family.
How about we all just respect this tweet for what it is
Did you pray for Columbine? Or Sandy Hook?
모든 신의 화살이 이곳에 집중되어 있으며 진화론에서 유인원도 못되는 많은 저급한 무리속에 내가 이들에게 피해를 보며 바람직하게 해결될 때를 기다리고 있다 물론 사람은 진화되었으나 세상에 유인원이 아닌 신의 자손이 있다
You know we are in a generation where kids and college students don't respect there own parents how would they respect POTUS
George Soros and his fellow globalists are attempting to overthrow our Constitutional Republic by financing the violent leftist propaganda.
If he doesn't fully recover, add this to your list of lies
Your rhetoric is greatly responsible for reactions like this. When are you going to grow up and start acting like an adult. #fakepresident
Donald I don't think  u have true friends just hanger oners & family
and no one is talking about guns, why? So how many gun related deaths in US since London attack?
As a neurosurgeon,I feel that Rep Scalise is with the people who can help him the most.It is terrible that someone can be shot for his views
When nobody compromises, we are left with"thoughts and prayers and Teddy Bears" with each shooting. We need need solutions, not TV images!
So nothing about the UPS shooting Mr. Pres? Is it a BROWN thing?
That poor man is in critical condition, you twit
It was shameful hatred inflamed by the left politics. Time to cool off.
Resign.
"Thoughts and prayers" ring hollow.  WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO DO SOMETHING?  Wasn't Sandy Hook enough?  Oh, NRA $.  Got it.
انا قادم لأجلك ايها العجوز
He was saved by a black lesbian #maga
I pray he does recover, however u said FULLY,  if he doesn't GOD FORBID, they'll want to hang u 4 that too. Praying for u and America.
They haven't released his prognosis publicly. Once again you are the leaker!
Gun violence effects everyone.  Semi automatic weapons should not be legally available to purchase.  Mental heath/background checks
You clearly tweeted about this before you knew all the facts.  As usual.
Fake president
You have this on your head and his blood on your hands. Your hate speech and ugliness triggered this.
IMPEACH NOW!
#SaraHuckabeeSanders awesome Job on the press briefing today! Love to hear you push back on the false indignation of the liberal media!
Keep it up sir l beleave u a great leader but political American leaders they want to destroy America
Trump...You better start talking to God...not that Christian Evangelical one you think voted you in though.
Good man! Thank God he is alive for fathers day..Thank God.
None Poor People Very Bad Nor
Feeling guilty, u should. U pushed for violence all through the campaign. Encouraged, said you would pay for lawyers, support alt right
Shameful that you'd call him your friend.  Particularly your "true friend."  You're a shameful opportunist.
You brought this hyper partisanship and combustibility into American politics. Happy Birthday. By the way, you're under investigation.
What?  No praise for defending their Second Amendment right? I thought that was the GOP platform.
happy Birthday, Mr. President!
Our thoughts and prayers are with him. He took a hard hit.
To bad u won't send thoughts & prayers to everyone else involved in the shooting! They r important also Trump! Shame!
YOU DONT HAVE FRIENDS. WHO YOU KIDDING? U JUST HAVE PPL U USE N' ABUSE. ''SAD'' ''PATHETIC'' #NOBODYLIKESYOU #RESIST45 #IMPEACH45 #MAGA
