Nothing is secure with @realDonaldTrump tweeting like an insecure teenager. Your words ring hollow.
Shut up. So tired liberals BS.  Show some respect for a change.
Don't confuse submission for respect. Also, telling someone to shut up doesn't give you much leverage.
Have me enough for you to reply. I don't need leverage. I have Trump.
How come none of you people can respond in complete sentences? Is that even English?
Oh my goodness why is it that everyone a liberal can't win the argument they resort to showing their ugly underbelly. Lol.
See above 
How many American and Korean lives are you willing to put at risk? Or is your idea to provoke war to give a huge boost to big business?
Nobody goes to war unless Trump's adult children are in the front lines.
As you know @POTUS changes his alliances hourly.
@LenoraJ16 I voted for you wen u were running for gov cus u were keeping Mitch Daniels plans and work u are a good person help me please
8 years of biden and I have no idea what he did. 8 weeks of you and you're in the news almost more than the President. Keep up the good work
Like needing a ride home, & it's your drunk friend's car, & he won't let u drive,  so u get in because u don't have money to call a cab.
Scott, you need new friends!
I know.  Now that Fred Rogers is gone.
You are insane. Get help.
Says the guy with LGBTBBQ in his name...wow
TROLL HARDER BRO
Sorry, not taking anyone serious with that profile pic who constantly says "nigga" in his tweets. Again, troll harder.
as long as the USA....No money out of our pockets...To keep our soldiers our of warms way...let someone else Step up to the plate.

Nella foto @GEliaValori con Kim Il-sung.
https://twitter.com/foglioverde/status/854403811699458049 … 
I would like to see S. Korea become civilized in their treatment of animals. They raise dogs for meat & torture b4 killing them. So wrong.
@LenoraJ16 yes go pence I'm backing u and Trump all the way  why don't u help me here in Indy to get my disability I have a plate in nek
With Pres. Trump, the South Koreans have a friend in the United States that they can trust. The liberal traitor is finally out of office.
And Mr Vice President, we the American PEOPLE are with you and the PRESIDENT
You heading over there when you did was a very fine faceted message most definitely. The TP admin. is making a habit in genius optics.
Did you mean disingenuous optics? Stupidity running rampant....the US's credibility credit rating is DEPLETED-cause a crisis, DENY, REPEAT.
We must all unite to protect each other from N. Korea.
Since when did you become God and Judge!!! 
Please send your children and family to soul.  That way you and @potus will truly stand with the people of s. Korea
No "We" are not. No one asked me. Besides, their phones really suck.
The American Military are born in United States of America or American etnia.JFK.Lady Oscar.Steve
But I thought Trump said he was in favor of them being on their own? Wasn't that what he said while campaigning?
God bless these proud, faithful, wonderful people who have proven, over & over that they are one of our greatest allies & friends.
A message from a flip-flopping opportunist by a lying, ethically challenged messenger. Gee, I'd certainly feel reassured if I were them.
Yea right
You are set to blow them up! Read about neclear bombs...be an informed leader
Who are you kidding? This country with this President can't truthfully support anyone or anything. Neither you,Trump has a clue what to do.
Nuclear chicken is NOT a game, esp. not for the kids in the WH - are you guys completely insane too ? @txlege @statesman @TXDemWomen 
Well done
Why?   Why are we still doing more outside our borders then in?  Someone explain this.
Did you ask them if they want you to stand with them, since you're the reason their lives are in danger...IJS  #ToyVP
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/VP/status/854129837023387651 … (Ranked 6th for Apr 17.)

Pence-make sure 45 knows who th N Korea Leader is please.
USA should support free societies wherever they exist in the world
Then reign in the maniac in chief and tell him to stop provoking other countries.
#NotMyPresident's message to S. Korea: let's play 18 and eat really great cake...greatest cake ever.
They are troubled times because you & @POTUS are playing games with dangerous nuclear equipped rogue leaders!
that's what I call great leadership, you folks are doing a wonderful job for America!!
100% agree, but isn't that stating the obvious. But wait, maybe not after 8 years of Traitor Hussein's policies.
PRAISE GOD!!
If you are truly on South Korea's side, then don't make Kim bomb millions of them. Start with peace talks instead of escalating the tensions
That shouldn't even have to be said if not for a jackass of a @POTUS. Our allies should know without a doubt that we are behind them 100%.
No ideas. No policy. And not a single piece of congressionally endorses legislation. Ruling by executive power is autocratic dumb ass.
Pence is a sable-rattling warmongerer that is trying hard to make the balloon go up. Millions in Seoul will die soon.
You 're only there because he doesn't want you to see his next meltdown.. toss up which is more useless.. find a way to get along
Unless u r non Christian then your on your own, #radicalreligeonist
The only acceptable outcome is the total annihilation of the North Korean nuclear program.
Yes, 100% commitment until @POTUS changes his mind. Which could be any minute now. Whoop, there it is!
Maybe u need to hang out there a while longer.....see what develops!

Oh what a touching word!
Blessed are the peacemakers... er I mean warmongers??  Saber rattling with a loon is nuts. Bomb good, diplomacy bad in your "trumpated" view
Attacking North Korea is a catastrophe. Diplomatic solution is still the best option not WW3.
Cheating and lie to the people is your best work. You are not representing our Country USA
I am certain that message was well-received Sir!
Nothing is safe with your lies, it is a fake world to win time for the real destruction and nuclear war. Only Hypocrisy to conquest of World
Until they start shooting , pence will be the first one gone.
There won't be anything left standing to support if you have your way
Quale futuro libero e sicuro quello di esportare ogni cosa cosa in grado di sporcare etica e valori, e dopo corrompere per schiavizzare?!
Nothing will be secure by your bloody government! Third world war is knocking at the door and get ready to taste it!
EVEN WHEN YOUR CORPSES GLOW FOR THE NEXT 100 YEARS!
Das ist ja wohl ein Witz
Vice President Pence, your message, 100% alliance w/ South Korea. To preserve freedom & security, means so much to Korean people, thank you!
Then why you trying to start WWIII?
Сказать то что в итоге хотел?
You're a liar just like Donald the dictator
@CA_4_Trump love you pence! Trump! Our lives are gonna be so much better! Thanks for becoming the VP!! And PTOTUS!!
I  Mike Pence too. He's a good guy. 
 Love & Proud of my @POTUS #Trump
God bless our President and our VP
Thank you
We are with you 100% too sir! God Bless you & your family! You're a Brave Patriot & God Bless our President too. Most of all God Bless USA
America, leading once again. BHO, hiding out somewhere else
Genuine reassurance! 2 Thumbs up! Way up (As Siskel & Ebert used to say)!
@POTUS What's going on with your voter fraud investigation?  Status report please!  Elections are happening.
God bless you abundantly
@JohnCornyn my message to JohnCornyn is that if you are afraid of what your voters want to tell you, you are in trouble #2018
We see you trying to start a war with North Korea so to quiet the voices here calling for #Trumprussia investigation. It won't work.
we have been at war with NK since the 50s nothing has changed except their nuclear capability
More support for S. Koreans than Americans then.
Then stop provoking their neighbor
As always but what is the message to Turkey? "Yay, dictatorship!"?
Hopefully 'mother' is with you, however reading a story about you being caught with a ladyboy would be a riot.
they always say nothing
Such an amazing VP!!
How about women in the USA? Why won't you stand for us?
If you are a true Christian then you would find peace not war ! God will judge you on your actions VP Pence
I do not think that will happen! If NK nukes SK then what? Find new trading partners? Make peace not war !
I support strong action in response to NK. Just play nice with the US and we'll feed you!  Think about it, no ration
Mother can you hear me
At least for this moment. Tomorrow may be different. Depends what's on TV while @realDonaldTrump takes his morning constitutional.
Nothing that trump says can be trusted, so what good is your "message"/
Is there a message to pass on to the American Embassy, dedicated public servants who represent American the other 362 days in a year?
Stop talking.  Don't say anything more before you have the world blown to bits.
Great help.
This is not real estate Mr. @POTUS ! But NK will surely destroy the STATE of the UNITED STATES!
DO SOMETHING QBOUT THIS NUTJOB IN THE WH. YOU KNOW HE'S DANGEROUS. PUT YOUR COUNTRY AHEAD OF YOUR PARTY!
Our allies can be assured once again.
You seem to be trying to threaten an ally regarding trade. WWJD, Mike?  You claim to be a moral man, right?
While we threaten the US-Korean Free Trade agreement. Nice play Mr. "I'm a Christian first". Sad. Bad for America. Dangerous to America.
Thats right mr.vp keep doing great we all proud of you especially Indiana #VPmakingamericarealgreat
#Pencetheman
N Korea is not scared, in fact they are ready for war. Stop trying to start shit, we don't need to go to war.


Even?
I love my President and Vice president thank you both. you are in Gods hands, no worries here feel safer than ever
You know JFK stop nuclear war/Cuba through patients and diplomacy.Glad you think starting wars killing pple to distract from the worst pres.
Question @VP - How do you reconcile your Christian faith with the fact that you sold your soul to the devil for political gain? #hypocrite
You know even when 45 has gone on threatening & instigating twitter tirades against NK. But hey that's just details.
You and Trump have caused nothing but chaos since he took office.  Life was calm, and America was respected as a great nation before Trump!
Yep!  No shite!!!
If you and Trump would shut the fuck up things wouldn't be so chaotic at that boarder.  Life was so much more secure when Obama was Pres.
Amen. And calm. And respectful. And noble. And honest. And just plain calm and beautiful!
You think stirring up N. Korea will keep S. Korea safe? They're the only ones North can hit with their missiles! You are insane.
that's YOUR message. what's #45's message? what's mcmaster's message? are any of you even on the same page?
Fake news.
What's the plan Mikey? 
You're not exactly 100% clear. 
No women in the room, though, for you, huh.  Scawee. #MotherPense
#ElectricPence 
Their times wouldn't be so troubled if your boss the #SoCalledPresident weren't tweaking NK with stupid irresponsible tweets. #UnfitAmateur
This guy is politician incarnate
When have ROK's times not been troubled by the crazies to their north? Neither their situation nor US commitment is new. Your PR is tiresome
Check him out! What a Loser!

@realDonaldTrump I'll study the general situation there later.For I think there should not b a hot war there,But the quarrel s annoying,
&if the money theory does exist,I just hope our GPS can contain any challenges and situations.
@USMC @USForcesJapan @SecretService @usairforce @USNavy @BritishArmy @RoyalNavy Excuse me,wrong input,should b monkey-theory.
that is the core message
Shouldn't this say *especially* in these troubled times, instead of *even*? It would sound more sincere.
Why can't Americans have a happy and secure future, you may want to start doing that at home.
Until you and the Dumpster got into office there was no talk of thermonuclear war. Thanks idiots.
You look like a penis with hair, has anyone ever told you that?
God Bless Our VP Mike Pence and his family.
So how much are they going to pay? All I remember during the campaign was all these countries were going to have to pay up for our support.
Your message and delivery was superb. I look forward to a peaceful transition, and with my Korean friends, we look forward to resolving all.
You do realize that your boss is making the situation worse. I hope you can look the families in the eye when he starts a new war.
"As we instigate&antagonize ur trigger happy neighbor - but shhh baby we got this..." this admins appetite for self created crisis is insane
Wow how weak
Absolutely  Mr Vice-President, I just met my 2grandbabies 4 1st time(don't live near)&dream of being a grandmother PLEASE STOP THREATS 2 NK
My son is in the Marines. I hope you are with him 100% because I think he's pretty valuable.
Good Luck!  This Putz doesn't care!
These times are troubled because of Trump and his scattered foreign policy.
#TrumpRussia - under oath will you swear to tell the truth about what you have participated in, heard, or saw? Stand up or go down w/ Trump
so what you are saying is another Korean War is a possibility, because two crazies don't make a sanity
Why do Christians & Republicans only see war as the only answer?
You're not the SecState; you're the backup.  This isn't how it works.  And strategic patience can work; #coldwar.
A proud American
When we dropping the bomb to end the fats guy reign?
How lovely. Too bad you don't stand with 100% of your on compatriots
Blah blah blaj
If you know about Korea you know about Taskforce Faith that's when my uncle was captured by the Chinese, kept as a POW-starved to death.
Trump Pence may stand w S Korea.. but certainly not the decent folks in the US. War mongers & liars,  a criminal WH & y'all going to jail !
Pious Pence Evangelical Hypocrite
Amen  and god bless
@POTUS ... we don't want a MAD policy anywhere in the world ,,, Mutually Assured Destruction isn't a good option for America or Korea..
Made me proud 2 b an American today when I saw the video of you staring in #NorthKorea the level of conviction in ur voice said all I needed
Are you the real president?
Hey Mike- get your boss to release his taxes- this years is not under audit so no excuses -
He doesn't have too
Did saying 'America First' offer much reassurance?
@StateDept Divide and rule
Then QUIT trying to get them killed!!!
Are you going to become a superhero? Because you're crazy to think our troops need to be sent to war because your asswipe prez is insane!!
Always praying for S. Korea's safe & peaceful times!
@JohnCornyn We need diplomacy; not threats & bombs.
Beware entangling alliances. Good advice from George Washington. Bring our troops home to defend OUR borders, not others' borders.
@StateDept Oh sure...piss off that crazy little man in NK until he nukes a couple of our ships and Trump gets what he wants World War 3.
Does he think he is the only government official to speak those words??
Thanks for actually writing thought out, understandable, and respectable tweets!
What's your message to Americans
#?americafirst?
  Thank You for representing this proud veteran!! God be with you !
One reason I won't mind seeing N.Korea wiped off the map. It took 60+ yrs to get my uncle's remains returned. Good job @JPACTeams
Then please stop the provocative language. What you did today was completely irresponsible!
Pence is a Fool!  Bad Governor.  Ridiculous Veep!

