When we wrote #ACA yrs ago, we had 100s of hours of public hearings, adopted 160+ GOP amendments, & then had hours of debate on Senate flr.
Could you please focus on what you can do NOW to fix health care? Which, BTW, is NOT allowing states to excl essential benefits and capped $
The not so hidden secret. This new R party only knows how to dismantle and obstruct. They are not problem solvers. They do not innovate.
YOU SENATORS are JOKES. I now understand why CALIGULA made his horse a senator. It had horse sense.
Still not one explanation for the retroactive tax credits for those making $250k+.
How can a state with a population of 28 million not find anyone better to represent them than you and Ted Cruz?
Funny you should ask. Meet @BetoORourke who will be opposing Cruz in 2018.
I dare you to put your president out there to field questions publicly like Obama did.
I double dare.
Speaking of jamming something through with a party line vote, Merrick Garland says hello.
And you plan not to "jam it through on a party line vote???????"
That's the exact opposite of "jamming it through" ..... You're a coward!
John Cornyn-sanctimonious hypocrite. Vote NO.
Then Mr franken would have known that the voters did not want ACA. Part of the reason they have been stripped of their one party rule.
What happened to the Republicans bill to repeal Obamacare that was sent to Obama to be vetoed.  Send it to Trump
Also care to tell us about your Koch meeting last night? How much money are they contributing to your campaign in exchange for your votes?
So when will you be holding public hearings on your Trump care bill?
'Party Line Vote',... same damn thing the @GOP will use to slam through something that'll kill people while fellating the rich. #NoShame
Are you complaining about a healthcare bill getting rammed through when you want to have a vote this week? You are utterly ridiculous.
Corny Cornyn the conservative cretin...at it again with his snotty little rants. 
That's a lie, and you know it.  Hypocrisy much?  #sad #loser #CrookedCornyn
Millions of people were able to finally get insurance. why was that bad?
Stand Together Republicans because Democratic party is New Party of Lawless Lies and Hate
Because @GOP obstructionists cared more about cock-blocking the black man in the Whitehouse than fixing healthcare. @GOPs greatest #shame
Hi, pot. Meet kettle. This is EXACTLY what @GOP is doing. Closed door sessions. No debate. No committee meetings. You're hypocrites.
So, Republican philosophy is to complain then go and double down on exactly what you've complained about?  How about setting the example?
How many debates? How many GOP amendments? How many mtgs Obama w/GOP? If the bill was good, you wouldn't have to lie.
She's been on it 6 months . Withdrawals will hurt her . So can we sue the insurance co for bodily harm they are causing ?
Now they decide it's not medically necessary. GET THE INSURANCE COMPANIES OUT OF THIS
After a year plus of debate & multiple hearings on the bill. That's absolutely nothing like the BCRA process. To suggest otherwise is a LIE.
Stay in TX. Never leave. We need a wall around TX.
So you decided to one up the Democrats and make it totally secret.  Are you following trump's eye for eye Bible policy?
That's not jamming. That's how government works.
It's also ludicrous to lecture Dems for a party-line vote when that's exactly what you're going for, but in a FAR less bipartisan way.
They got 60 votes to break your filibuster. You're trying to get 50 plus a tie breaker by the VP.
But yeah...by all means...lecture the Dems for "jamming" it through. Seriously. Do you even hear how ludicrous you're being?

Stop lying senator.
how dare you cram the #americandeathcarebill down our throats. You are a pathetic senator purposely wanting to kill us off.
still want to know WHY no women were on the committee? @MSNBC
@SenFranken just the way y'all tried to ram this bill through (but in only a fraction of the time!) and with zero input...
Yesterday my daughters mesication she's been on for 6 months was denied by insurance co . There's your problem . Waiting to see what u do
IF REP AND DEMS CANT WORK TOGETHER AND FIX THIS MESS THAT W AS MADE THEN RESIGN . We will get someone else to fix it !!!!!!!!!!!
As you are doing ... your argument is a bit thin ...
And yet it does not work.
Talking head...pathetic. Start packing up your office. Even Texas will not put up with this BS.
Sorry Cronyn but your party isn't allowing a debate and there is no open amendment. U know as well as I do they want to push it through.
So I assume you're promising the AHCA will not be passed unless it receives a non-trivial number of Democratic votes
Even though a party line vote Rs had input and time to analyze. Then Rs spent 7 yrs trying to repeal rather to make better.  No comparison.
Like you want to do with your healthcare bill?
You really don't get it? Why did you hide?
Why no women? D's didn't hide, welcomed input, diverse group. Not their fault you sabotaged
You do realize you're trying to jam yours through even faster, right? That's his point?
Ur just mad cause ur plan SUX sooooooooo bad ur own party won't vote for it. Bwa-ha-ha-ha-ha BWA-HA-HA-HA-HA
@SenFranken you think this won't be jammed through on a party line vote? Are you delusional?
and you guys kept everything secret until the last minute because you know your health care plan is a farce
"And jammed it through on a party line vote"  Like we are trying to do right John?  So tell me, how are we any better???
Jamming thru on party line vote. You mean like Neal Gorsuch?Oh yeah -that was changing rules IN ORDER TO jam through.Come on,Sen. Be honest.
You're one to talk about jamming it through, you idiots had to change the same laws to get stuff through! Forgot about that one huh?
Start by getting rid of the tax cut for the rich and weakening of health coverage for the rest. Then we'll talk.
@SenFranken "..jammed it thru on a party line vote."  You guys can only do something with the VP vote.  Quoth the Donald - "Sad"
You cont to prove how badly you rep my state. The Dems have had no chances like Reps did to add their thoughts on AHCA. You're pathetic
@SenFranken Guaranteed?
You don't jam it through on a party line vote. You eek it through after offering over a 100 concessions and you still refuse to vote for it.
So party vote with ZERO amendments is better?
Delusional!
#representme
Then why did they have to pass it to read it?
I'm a Texas Republican and I'm telling you, you better wake up or we'll find someone who will listen/do the right thing.
Sen Cornyn....do you read these tweets?  Your blind support of this  bad bill is going to get you into the unemployment line.
FOS
You're such a lying hypocrite. You republicans have jammed many things through and this bill will be another. P. S. NO one wants it!
CORNYN LIES: ACA presented to House in July 2009, & signed into law March 2010, after months of revisions, amendments, and debates.
So let's have some bipartisan amendments then? U agree? U partisan hack, bowing to your donors. I can't wait to vote you out
...Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.
Justify the tax breaks for the wealthy?
@SenFranken Your campaign donor buds aren't telling you whole story, John.
"attenuate the US opioid crisis is not part of the agenda of the health insurance industry"
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4370920/ …
You can't even hide that repealing ACA is a blatant vendetta against Obama and dems. You know AHCA is not a better option for Americans!
You released it after secret meetings & now want to "jam it through" on party line vote. What's the point in crying about what YOU'RE doing!
Gene Green (TX 29) had multiple constituent meetings on ACA. Where are you? Cruz? Poe?
@JohnCornyn your constituents don't want this bill as written.  Don't mess with Texas!  we will hunt your ass down if u vote yes.  #yousuck
Sure Johnny..... sure.  How's your fake news doing btw?
Doesn't sound like jamming it through to me. #ForesightIs2020 #NahNahNahNahHeyHeyHeyGoodbye
@SenFranken - After hrs of hearings & amendments, GOP still balked but Dems had 60 votes not = jamming. GOP now jamming
And why should we believe that? You wrote the bill behind closed doors.
Town hall when?
You're such a crook.
So what are you going to do better?
#RepealAndReplace
John you wanna lie to yourself about how there's any similarity to this process & ACAs process feel free. But we just aren't that dumb.
The bill was also thousands of pages long!! Who could know all that was in there?
WHAT r u talking about?? Yah there was a D controlled congress 4 ACA. Now its R controlled. But ACA still had debates & amendments. Not ACHA
The Kochs brothers are unhappy not enought people going to die  and not enought tax breaks for them
The "Dem"ons were behind millions losing coverage, and making healthcare unaffordable for millions more! Repeal! Obama is a fraud!
There is special place in a very hot place for those that Cut Medicaid. #WWJD
You can't use the Dems as your excuse to ram through the deplorable plan. You own it and the partisan way you drafted it. Do Not pass it!!
Open amendment process guaranteed? Seriously?  With a vote on Thursday?  Are you really comparing a couple of hours to the weeks on ACA?
That's because Republicans had no heart then nor do they now.
In which the good Senator, again, willfully overlooks the hours of public discussion, the GOP amendments, and the Senate debate.
So you will limit transparency, limit debate, likely include 0 dem amendments, then jam it through on a party line vote? That's better?
Still can't defend your bill. Just keep RTing the blame and excuses. You know deathcare bill is POS or you could defend it.
Hahah noting compared to what your doing! They were doing what's right for this country, on the other hand you are killing Americans
Down, down, down.  Cornyn's goin' down.
Jackass
& after all that they still couldn't tell us what was in it.
Johnny, look at the poll #s from every state and realize that you are on the wrong side of history. #DoYourJob for ALL Texans and Vote NO
Even if that's true,when did two wrongs make a right?
Come on!  defending something wrong. Do the right thing! Lead!
#TrumpCare SUCKS! Screwing us getting older.
Dear John, looks like there aren't many constituents weighing in who are with you on this. #townhall
@SenFranken cornyn is a gutless hypocrite.
Hi John, can you explain rationale behind this: "AHCA will require people to wait 6 mths before getting insured if they miss a payment."
You are being disingenuous. Where were the public hearings? A small cabal decided in secret.  I'm ashamed of your representation.
Remember when Newt Gingrich had the same idea in the 90s?
When you had your sense of shame surgically removed, was that covered by your insurance?
you're about to do the same thing with WAY less debate, and a large number of your constituents against this bill.
keep proving your bought and paid for - by Koch brothers and more
Americans are watching closely as Rs and Ds   grow more and more childish and dysfunctional. @realDonaldTrump @alfranken
Remember Watergate? Forty were indicted and served time in prison.
yes you all will amend it to where the Koch's have even more tax breaks and kill even more hard working americans in their very companies.
You're a party hack
Then why are you doing it? Vote no. Bad for our great state.
As your constituent I think you should #VoteNoOnBetterCare it's worse! #NoTrumpCare
And then the GOP didn't come up with a plan for 6 years. Now we have this crappy bill.
You have to be joking. Their plan expanded access. You're literally trying to kill people so Sheldon Adelson can get a huge tax break.
In three days before a holiday. You are really delusional. Your time will come and when truth is revealed, we will kick you to curb.
Be genuine and let us know how much money you accepted for your vote.
Q. Does the Majority Leader get the last amendment in the VotoRama? Can he place a substitute?
With as little as one minute per amendment for debate over 3 days top. Don't even have final version you'll vote on yet. 

Disingenuous
You have no shame.
Neither #republicans or #democrats can find their ass with both hands... just go home guys!
I stand with Rand, repeal the whole ACA.
And don't replace it at all. Thank you!
You are all missing the point.. #Healthcarewould be just fine without #government and #insurance. Quit wasting #time & #money on it!
To use your own logic from your previous tweet, why, then, didn't R's "lift a finger" to help?
Hilarious that you blame Ds for "jamming... party line vote" when yours is the party that shut down the government as a tissy fit.
ironically the Senate BCA and House bill will have been jammed through on a party line vote, until Ds and Rs get together, wave elections.
Usually, when my students tell me "but he started it!", my response is "I don't care who started it. Both of you knock it off."
ACA is law. It's been litigated enough. Get over it, get over yourself, and IMPROVE IT.
@JohnCornyn why not do it right the first time instead of passing a piece of crap with an empty promise to amend  later.?
& the GOP isn't jamming things thru on party lines? Get off ur lying high horse & start thinking about the well being of American citizens.
John you missed the point.   How many hearings will there be on Trumpcare?
If jamming a party line vote is so awful, why are you doing that now? If obstruction is so awful, why did you do that for 8 years?
#NoCutsNoCaps 

Into #alternativefacts John?   I would think you would want to help your constituents  not kill them

@SenFranken it took 60 votes! u r trying to JAM thru with 50 & no hearings at all, 10 hours of debate, no townhalls. "Open"?
If you had something that Americans are going to be happy with why hide it?? Trumpcare is good then make that argument.


Bottom line question: is the AHCA going to get more (not more access to) insurance to ppl, better health care, for less cost, than the ACA?
What debate?
And it was all built on lies and the Democrats counting on the American people to be stupid.
@SenFranken Did Cornyn just promise an open amendment process to the new bill?
Voting along party lines hardly constitutes "jamming thru."  Writing in secret and then demanding a quick vote does.
Hey Senator, so if a bill passes now along party lines is that "jamming" too?
So kind of like what you're trying to do? #behindcloseddoor #secretive #youreoutin2020
And how is what you and the GOP doing now any different ? I can’t wait to vote you out of office.
If you spent as much time crafting policy as you have on dishonest talking points for this bill, we would all be better off.
Senator, educate yourself, read what you've sown here. You're a lying and disgusting representative of Texas. We, your constituents, say so.
Also, interesting that after so many of your amendments were accepted, R's still made it a party line vote.
So are you saying the repeal won't pass unless its bipartisan? Republicans have been nothing but blanket abstractionist. Blatant  hypocrisy
Are you saying there will be opportunity for debating this bill on the Senate floor?
"Whatsoever you do to the least of my brothers doesn't matter as long as @JohnCornyn's wealthy donors get a tax cut." #thingsjesusneversaid
