#BREAKING: Senate Democrats blocked Neil Gorsuch's nomination to the Supreme Court on a 55-45 vote http://politi.co/2o1tAqq  
First time in the history of the US Senate....failed to hold hearings. 
GOP refused to #DoYourJob
We remember
http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2017/01/03/Nomination-expires-for-Obama-Supreme-Court-appointee-Merrick-Garland/4841483472115/ …
That was one act. One a moderate nominee would have solved. What YOU did was permanent. And destructive. But you brag.
Why didn't you give Judge Garland a chance.  So hypocritical.
Good! I'm your constituent! Gorsuch was bad for America!
was Garland the first time you refused to even hold a hearing?
You've got ZERO credibility left @JohnCornyn you did this to yourself.
"When a nominee doesn’t get enough votes for confirmation, the answer is not to change the rules, it is to change the nominee," Schumer
Republicans... the political party that cheats to win
Sad day for Americans. He does not deserve this nomination it belongs to Merrick garland because u refused to do ur job.
@GOP & @SenateMajLdr just killed any hope of bipartisanship happening under this Congress. Good by America, land that I love.
So disappointed in Republicans under Obama.
The American people increasingly do not understand why the Senate has such silly rules as a filibuster.  Contributes to their disgust.
The pendulum will swing again Senator. But you'll be a lobbyist then, having been voted out.  #StolenSeat
You should be ashamed.
Oh John, how tiresome to continually have to remind you of your negative role in all of this. Does the name Garland ring a bell?
Stolen seat!!!!!!!!!!     I won't forget this.
Except for all last year when your party blocked the ability of the sitting president to appoint a Supreme Court justice.
Except for the #FACT #DEMOCRATS started blocking #SCOTUS nominees in the first place. #Hypocrite much?:
Dates back much earlier than that. My argument is the GOP should be consistent. The people decided on Clinton, not 45.
Hey Zimmie I hate 2 break #reality 2 ya as U cower in your #SafeSpace, but #Americans elected #Trump #POTUS. Try 2 #ManUp, ok #snowflake
Uh huh. That must be why 45 has claimed vote fraud and called into question the legitimacy of his own administration.
Once again Zimmie, U prove what a #LowInformation #libtard U R. #Trump claimed #democrat #VoterFraud because #democrats did JUST THAT:
#DERP
U stole the seat u stole the seat u stole the seat u stole the seat u stole the seat u stole the seat ....Shame on u 
You stonewall the nominee last year and this one you change the rule!! Should be ashamed! Texans will remember!
@politico your fault.
They simply do not care
HELL Cornyn the D's are just doing what the R's did. don't try to sanctify your position
GOP passes nuclear b/c they can't negotiate as Bipartisan. SAD!! This will come back to haunt you all.  I can't wait
Do for our country, not party. Set an example. Treat your constituents with respect. #TownHall #CountryOverParty
You mean except the time GOP blocked Garland? And promised to block any HRC nomination? Do you even believe your own bullshit?
and you decided to The Supreme Court filibuster died on April 6, 2017. He was 211 years old.
Wow the celebration of the inability of our parties to work together. Let's change that during your next town hall!
Except for the last time - Repubs against Garland.
Pretty sure this is the first time Republicans killed the filibuster. A bit of victim blaming going on.
You and your party blocked 79 of Obama's nominees (!!) until then in the history of congress 68 had been! You are ridiculous.
first time in history/nuclear! Who r the adults left in Congress?  You certainly are not one.  You will regret this decision!
Woohoo
You need to leave office
Good for them!
If your nominee can't get 60 votes, you should get a new nominee. Let Garland have his nomination hearing.
I'm not sure it is.   What about https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Bork_Supreme_Court_nomination …
Let me think--when was the 1st time a nominee was denied a hearing b/c of a made-up rule?
Republicans blocked every single thing that @BarackObama and @SenateDems put forward -don't play innocent outrage now @txlege @texastribune
There is a first time for everything. You and yours are more partisan than the other side. Dems didn't hold up Garland. You all did.
Town hall!!
Your name will live in infamy.
You and the @GOP Are dismantling the function of our republic. You should be ashamed. You put party above country. History is watching.
Maybe you guys shouldn't have stolen the nominee. This is on you pal.
First time seat stolen by majority party in the Senate. Are you proud of what you've done?
I guess this follows the abominable behavior of the GOP not even considering the previous Dem nominee. Compromise is needed!
Yep. This Senate sucks for sure. Can't get ANYTHING done legally
Now Dems will use this in future to pack court with lefties. And why the hell not. You broke it all for an idiot like Trump.
Just like the senate refusing to hold hearings for the president's nominee. A lot of firsts going around
@SenateGOP BLOCKED #SCOTUS NOMINEE in 2016--Stop PRETENDING THAT DIDN'T HAPPEN. You can't rewrite history to suit your cheating ways! We see
Enjoy your part of the corruption while you can, Senator. Counting down the days till we elect your opponent.
#GOP Selective Memory is outright laughable. They're a disgrace to the word "Conservative" I suggest they start thinking of a new name
It is a truly sad day. I hope you vote NO on Gorsuch in protest of this atrocity.
The "American People" that you so flippantly claim to represent and speak for won't forget your dissembling and lies, good sir.
GOP-Eroding democracy one step at a time...block SCOTUS nominee for almost a year...change rules when they don't suit your party agenda
Losers that's all they are especiallyCornyn
...and then you expect the Ds to roll over for you on Gorsuch and try to paint them as the obstructuonists. You have no credibility or class
You disrespected a sitting, twice-elected (popularly) Democratic president's SCOTUS nominee for almost a year...
You're a hypocrite, Senator. And the GOP power grab will be remembered in the next 2 elections.  #NoNuclear #TrumpRussia #investigation
#FlipTexas2020
first time Senate goes nuclear on the SCOTUS filibuster you mean? wouldn't even hold a vote for Garland, this is some sanctimonious bullshit
good
you suddenly have a problem with breaking precedent?
WRONG!!! You and Mr. Turtle have been doing this exact thing for 14 months. Wait until the traitor in chief is removed from office.
Merrick Garland was also the first time in history a nominee didn't even get a vote.
You say that like it's a bad thing -- which it isn't necessarily.
Republicans refused to give a sitting President's Supreme Court nominee a hearing -- first time in history. Lots of firsts these days.
I miss @BarackObama. Also the senate needs term limits
Spare us the absurdity of your inferences. In other words, you brought this on yourselves.  Hypocrisy be thy name.
No 2nd time, Merrick Garland was first
Did a Pepsi ad exec tell you this tweet was a good idea?
First time in US history:
Flynn
Sessions recusal
FBI Russia investigation
Twitter lies from wh daily
Manafort
#FireBannon on nsc
DOA EO.s
because of a corrupt administration at play. Think about that.
Yes and that's a shame. We wouldn't be here if you had done your jobs to appoint Merrick Garland about 9 months ago!
We will get you a tissue. Just get on with it. We know you will go "nuclear" so let's get it over with.
Hypocrite.  First time a President under FBI investigation for treason has nominated a SC justice also.
Make another 1st. Come to Texas and face the voters. 
First time for what?
Can we talk about it at a town hall? Or do we all need to come to the swamp? Coward!
Merrick. Garland.
So many 1sts: Garland not given hearings; @POTUS sexual predator; collusion w/Russia to steal election; @POTUS less respected than dog turd.
BREAKING NEWS 1ST TIME IN HISTORY House republicans BLOCK release of trump taxes for SIXTH time @RepPeteOlson  @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @RNC
Do a better job and this won't happen.  GOP has majority so not just the Dems by the way!
Hmm. What about Merrick Garland?
@politico 
There's a larger scandal that needs to be investigated before vote on Supreme Court.Independant commission on Russia.
1st time POTUS under treason investigation as well, leave SCOTUS @ 8
Do the right thing for a change! Nominate another Judge. How about Merrick Garland? That would absolve your sin.
W/every hypocritical Tweet u send I become more determined to give my money/time/vote to ur 2020 opponent. Country over party!!
How many times do you have to be shocked by opposition before you realize you're on the wrong side of history? #WeWontStop #countryoverparty
Wikipedia:"Clement Haynsworth, a Southern jurist. His nomination was rejected by the Senate by a vote of 45–55 on November 21, 1969"
good!

US Govt decline continues. JohnAdams comment so true="Political parties to be dreaded as the greatest political evil under our Constitution"
Another first to follow...appointment via the #Democrat option.
Not to sound like a broken record but the Senate has made history a lot over the past 15 months.
Changing the rules to suit your needs is no better than bitching about Dems blocking your nom. Grow up and find someone Dems won't block
It is sad that some have to eat their own words of praise (previously) for Gorsuch
Merrick Garland
500 filibusters. 500!!!  Unprecedented obstruction All because the GOP hated a black president. The GOP is completely useless.
Even if true, doesn't change your lack of attention to constituents' concerns. All about $$$. #Trumplackey
Oh, quit your bellyaching. It was your party who refused to even hold hearings for Garland. You're all petty partisan hacks.
Good. You and your #feckless comrades need to do better. Start with Merrick Garland. We chose Obama. Obama chose Garland. #DoYourJob
In 2021, when Senate GOP argue Dems are hypocrites for not reinstating filibuster rule so they can filibuster Dem SC nominee.
Find a consensus nominee, don't change the rules. #SCOTUS
Respect the filibuster and nominate someone else. That is how this is supposed to work. #SCOTUS
1st time filibuster blocks Nuclear option is up next!
Another "1st time" was when you didn't even have hearings for a SCOTUS nominee. #memories #ashamed
Dems apparently don't want a judge whose political party is literally the law, huh?
Whatcha talkin bout, troll?
Not giving Merrick Garland a hearing for 293 days was also a first. Your party set this in motion.
At the time #Hillary was a shoe-in with an even more liberal option in the offing.
2nd time, if you count SC nominees who were never given the floor vote.  Which we do.
Fortas. Stop lying, Cornyn.
Merrick Garland didn't even get a vote.   Spare me.
#MerrickGarland
Nuke 'em
