Agree: When DefSec Mattis said this would be a South Asia strategy, that tells you a lot,' said John Bolton.  The big issue is Pakistan.' https://twitter.com/johncornyn/status/899805854299500544 …
Pakistan has been one of the US's allies since the Cold War to counter the influence of the Soviet Union. The also have nuclear power...
...and we wouldn't want other countries to have it available to them. Afghanistan has also helped us protect US interests in Afghanistan...
Plus, we wouldn't want Chinese influence in Pakistan if we leave, as we compete with them economically.
The Republicans will never hold Trump responsible for anything.  Apparently his entire term will be blaming Obama and Cornyn retweeting it.
The limitations of the simple  liberal mind, name calling is inevitable as words fail them. Next is their violent rage. Use your words Lee.
A simple mind. Name calling. Violent rage. Thank you for summing up the Trump Presidency so beautifully
So you're not paying attention to anything you say, or anything anyone else says. You're just waiting for a chance to talk, typical liberal.
Stop with the "typical lib" crap.  I can't stand Hillary or Bill and I voted Bush and Reagan
The best thing about libs is their mentally ill and don't know their libs, or ill.
Obama was the best president you ever served under.
Have you seen McConnell's approval numbers? I would bet yours are going way down. Support the president or resign!
Let go of Obama it's over.  It's sad to see u continually deflect.
We see U John ...Old playbook when Pres is spinning out of control... look over here blame the black man ...U Need to Stand Up against DT
John energy knocking Obama what about our current President? Have you condemned his daily Crazy yet? Did I miss it? Do u have a plan?
Also-why is Pakistan NOT on the lovely ban that all of the GOP wanted implemented if they're providing sanctuary to terrorists? #FalseLogic
Informed, thank you very much. Check out what countries the 9/11 hijackers actually came from...not on the ban list. 
Have a pleasant day.
Lol. I reply pleasantly with facts and the little snowflake blocked me. Sheesh.
@JohnCornyn blocked you?  Would be par for the course.  No town halls and his office has NEVER answered the phone.
While I agree whole heartedly @JohnCornyn he hasn't blocked me. (I've been trying tho!) it was the guy calling me out @ my Pakistan tweet
Ah ok, that would have been a change if he started pulling a @realDonaldTrump and blocking people that disagreed with him.
True. I'll give him (or the guy that tweets-er retweets) props for actually not blocking people. It's literally the one nice thing I can say
John, you are making it so easy to vote u out in 2018. Grow a pair and support the people not the rhetoric of the pos in the oval office.
Obama went into Pakistan and got the terrorists.
And tRump said he would exit Afghanistan, how did Donienputvit, 'it's hard', what a loser and y r 2 for not coming up with solutions
Agreed, Pakistan is a big issue....
How long will u continue to defend him even when you know he is dangerous for the country? Time to put the cool aid down John, it' bad for u
Great idea. Maybe we can go to war with Pakistan 

Senator, It is beneath you.  Tell me when you held 43 and 44 accountable for the safety of the Troops or what was going on in Afghanistan
Neither did the Bush administration, what's your point?
John, it's over: The Obama admin, your future as our rep, this line of "bbbut what about...". Just move on. I'm sure you will be just fine.
What is your plan for rooting out American terrorists?
Good idea. Let's go to war with two countries with nukes, preferably at the same time.
In addition to always blaming Obama or Clinton, Cornyn & the GOP will never hold Trump accountable for ANYTHING.
So you missed all the GOP led criticism of what Trump said over Charlottesville? Really need to look at all that...
I heard no direct criticism of Trump from Cornyn. Do you have a link?
I said "GOP led" criticism, not anyone specifically. You said, "the GOP will never hold Trump accountable for ANYTHING."
Explain the difference please. Cornyn was milk toast
Weak argument from a weak senator..
So did Bush hold the Pakistanis responsible for providing sanctuary ??
Hillary did
Expand the war. Why didn't I think of that? I guess we'll have to go into Tajikistan. My son said we were fighting them too. Good soldiers.
When is your Town Hall?  I dont give a damn about your political career, I care that you are not listening to us. YOU work for US!
Quit blaming and just do your jobs. Trump threatened Pakistan's involvement because of his statements re: India.
What are you talking about? What is your point? How does this statement serve the Ppl? Is this your job? Is that why you were voted for?
Yet u dont care that Russia hacked our goddamn elections.. Priorities are skewed.. Shoot me in the head
What!? I thought trump was running the show? BTW, do your job and impeach him. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.
John Cornyn: Trump's Deputy Secretary of #WhatAboutism
This is rich.  What does the GOP know about accountability?
Neither did Bush Jr. What's you point?  Just another hypocritical post to make "your side" look good. Hypocrite GOP at its finest.
the ONLY GOP strategy for any topic is blame Obama! You have no plans & can't govern even tho own all 3 branches. Give it up!
You remember Seal Team 6 right? You don't have to hold them accountable if you just go in and get them yourself.
Oh John, the @GOP controls all 3 branches of govt #DOYOURJOB
Seems to me the reason you can't get bupkis done is all the "but Hillary, but Obama" instead of holding CURRENT POTUS accountable at all
They literally flew a helicopter into Pakistan and killed Bin Laden
You were there why didn't you offer something up
It'd be cool to run international war plans by the @UN first. You know, seek peace first... @StateDept @USUN @nikkihaley @UNPeacekeeping 
The GOP seems to forget that Obama is no longer in the picture.  Focus on POTUS, please.  He certainly needs all the help he can get
Soros ANTIfA goons. Any comment John?
Soros-Backed Activists Plan To Steal Trump’s Show In Phoenix http://trib.al/wuuAHRe  
Obama lives in your head rent free.
yes you were so vocal about it back then. Smh
Senator you need to resign the biggest threat to America resides at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave D.C
So, they let us go after Bin Laden, right?
And just how do you propose we "hold accountable" a govt that pretty much despises us, and, oh yeah, has nuclear weapons?
Obama sent Seal Team 6 to assassinate Osama Bin Laden in a safe house in Pakistan. Shut up.
The materials necessary to make IEDs comes from Pakistan and Iran.
#SenEmptysuitCornyn   --  did you have a say during those eight years? Or did you just stand dumbly by?
The Obama Administration got Bin Laden
Really. Why don't you blame yourself, since you part of the problem. Then again, doesn't gov protect terrorist so long as they white.
@realDonaldTrump has "#Conservative" value of 2300 #American lives lost to "defray the cost" from #Afghanistan? @CNN
Remember when Bush didn't kill Bin Laden and Obama got it done?
You appear stuck in a pattern of blame in past events. Solutions? You've got nothing. Time to shut up John.
Do you really believe in never or that 44 would reveal 2 an obstructionist foreign policy matters?
And this admin isn't going to either, not while it needs cooperation in Afghanistan
Why don't we just  blame Obama 4 everything. Maybe u could blame Obama for @realDonaldTrump asinine behavior u ass hat
The Obama admin never held anyone accountable for anything.
Pretty sure they just killed the terrorists instead. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Osama_bin_Laden …
Like Trump and Saudi Arabia and UAE?
What did u expect Senator bomb Pakistan? At least Obama got Osama.
Huh. Weird. I thought that CONGRESS MADE LAWS AND PASSED SANCTIONS. Quit blaming your incompetence in the last administration!
Why TF are you still talking about Obama? Is it because you cannot point to one positive thing about our racist dolt of a president?
Neither did Bush Jr.

*where was Osama hiding?

Oh yeah, down the street from the Pakistani Military Academy.  Sure...."no one knew"
Please stop with placing all the blame on #Obama, John. @POTUS  "W" was responsible, too, and oversimplification makes you look #racist. 
Why are they not on list of terrorist to be kept out of country. Hypocrites. I'm against the ban but their policies don't make sense.

Why is Pakistan not on the list of immigrants that cannot enter the US?
Yet neither of these "terrorist hotbed" countries are on the travel ban list.

Explain please.
You forgot to blame Hilary's emails!
U never held Obamo accountable for that.Never held O accountable for anything he did.U an McConnell and Bonier gave him everything he wanted
Neither did the Bush administration. Although, they did hold the wrong country accountable for 9/11, so there's that.
As if there was something that could be done to Pakistan. Same silly distraction as trying to make China deal with NK.
Oh, they just sent Seals in to Pakistan to kill Osama bin Laden and made them look really bad and stupid. You should read more.
USA needs to withdraw all US military personnel in Afghanistan, Pakistan....This is a no-win scenario for American Forces...Big mistake.
Stop it!! Just stop it. Enough of the finger pointing!
What a pathetic little shill for Trump...do you blame Obama for everything??
He basically put the fish on the hook and let Trump reel it in..
Let's deal with today please. How is trump holding them responsible?  His talk doesn't equal a plan.
He never held anyone responsible for anything, including himself.
Big talk. Let's see you "win" Afghanistan Mr. Republiklan. I'm sure this time you guys have all the answers. We'll wait & see.
You're despicable.
Don't believe anyone has attempted to assist that Dr in Pakistan who helped get Bin Laden either
They broke the agreement and killed bin Laden, remember.
Umm...he changed the Bush rules of engagement and killed Bin Laden in Pakistan.
Funny, nobody seems to want to hold Saudi Arabia accountable for the same thing. Neither Democratic nor Republican. Weird.
You do little for yourself or this Nation by bashing our President or trying to hamstring the DULY ELECTED PRESIDENT,Sincerely, 1/2ofAmerica
If only #trump spoke about #WhiteSupremacy domestic terrorism as he did about #Barcellona #Pakistan #Afganistan 
If not him -- what about U?
Obama got Bin Laden. Bush got bupkis.
Must be nice to see all of your supporters defending you here on Twitter, eh Senator? You and Cruz make me embarrassed to be a Texan.
Obama's administration won't hold sanctuary cities in our country accountable, what makes you think he would have done anything to Pakistan?
So, according to your party leader @POTUS, we want to use India to intimidate Pakistan?  The two hate each other, and both have nukes.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Asian_foreign_policy_of_the_Barack_Obama_administration …
"Since Obama took office, U.S. foreign policy toward Pakistan has deviated little from that of the Bush administration"
The leader of your own party is providing excuses and cover for domestic terrorists.
How's health care coming along, John? Tax reform? Wall building? Infrastructure improvements? Anything?
The Obama administration didn't use up the USSS entire budget in 8 mos either.
Keep blaming the black guy! HOLD a #TOWNHALL Listen to your constituents. Quite being a #LOBBYIST puppet!!!
In agreement here. No administration has held Pakistan accountable. It's created a whack-a-mole environment for the military.
Where's accountability when State Dept & ambassadors are understaffed, SS is bankrupt, EPA killing our country & we have a traitor as prez?
My 4th grade grandson has a better grasp of responsibility for his actions than you. Did your donors  give you that talking point ?
Cornyn is a paid puppet of lobbyists.
the Obama admin also did not support Nazi And KKK.
You don't know. It's just easily said.
Oh for crying out loud! Will you give it a rest about Obama and realize how truly screwed up the current administration is?
#SenEmptysuitCornyn
John Cronyn has never held Trump accountable for his words. John your obsession with President Obama you'd think he was still POTUS
Funny you haven't held trump accountable for any of his shit either. But it's ok when you do it, right? #worstsenatorinusa
President Obama never held anyone accountable
Really?  YOU want to talk about not holding people accountable?
Decimated State Department
Rehashed GW administration tactics towards Afghanistan 
We've insulted Pakistan w/their 1000+ nukes
What plan????
Hillary this, Obama that, blah blah blah.
I seem to recall a raid ordered by President Obama that violated Pakistan sovereignty and resulted in a dead Osama bin Laden. Remember?
You just made Cornyn's point. How was Pakistan held accountable for UBL living there? Inform me of what Obama did to Pakistan, please.
Maybe @realDonaldTrump will add Pakistan to the Muslim ban list now if they're so dangerous to us? What a joke!
Obama did troop drawdown, withdraw from Iraq. and they got Bin Laden - Bush II never held Pakistan accountable for providing sanctuary
Bush II mantra - no nation harbor extremits terrorists. 
Yet all signs point to Bin Laden et. al escaping thru Tora Bora on into Pakistan
You belong in fifth grade, not in the US Senate.
How is the PRESENT "administration," with a half-empty State Dept, going to be any different? Just endless war?
Could you survive a single day without attacking a Democrat? Just one?
Yes but they did fly in there and take out Bin Laden! Yes?
trump wont either you fool
You're so Obsessed with Obama. You know damn well Trump couldn't even point out Pakistan on a map.
#ObamaObsessed
You're so obsessed with Trump. You know damn well Obama can't pronounce the phrase "radical islamic extremists."
Really, it's Obamas fault? You love to keep the division going don't you? That why you won't call out the racist president? You're complicit
Well thank goodness we now have a President with the maturity to handle such a delicate matter.
Nice!
But it's all gonna turn out great now? Sweet!
The Obama administration killed Osama Bin Laden in Pakistan, fool.
