Last week I decided never to watch another NFL game. Now that has expanded to NBA and ESPN. Fuck'm all.
Why do you hate America so much that you’d boycott sports because people want to make the country better?
I do not hate anyone. I am displeased with the venue - it's ruining one thing where politics could be put aside.
Playing the anthem is a political act. Flybys are a political act. “Salute the Troops” nights are political acts. Why does this one bug you?
Yes, all your listed acts are political. I am not bugged by this one.
Apparently you are: https://twitter.com/jbw227/status/912460791785209856 …
Stand up for the flag' s VALUES.. and if those values are under threat...KNEEL
@JohnCornyn Retweet when you have to answers. Vets need treatment while you retweet.  Nicely played.  Don't forget Veterans Vote. Fix the VA
Yeah, but admit it...Last weekend while watching and gettin' mad...You were sittin' down, right?
Have already. This is my second year.
I'm there! While hiking I can think about how thankful I am to live in this country!

Congratulations Senator, you have successfully merged your racism with your Trump bootlicking
This is America, no one cares if you don't want to watch. I will gladly tune in while they #TakeTheKnee
The advertisers care that people watch.
If they don't get on board, they will lose more than, effectively, a few viewers. Believe that. 
Interesting how all these privileged white guys don't mention issue being protested - but would rather cry about flag being disrespected
@TruthRevoltOrg I'm have committed to not watching the Patriots for the entire year.  Let's see if they mature into men next year
Honest question, everybody:
How do you carry a flag, larger than an acre of land, aloft & free, and keep it from being carried horizontal?
so don't.  laters.
Count me in!
Turn off The FAKE Patriots who abuse the values the flag stands for. Blind nationalism is the opposite of patriotism

NO WAY! This is not about patriotism, this is about First Amendment rights and human rights. Going to watch football all day and all night.
It's again the flag code to display it horizontally along the ground. So get outraged!
A lot of police were killed in Nevada. I am sure that the NFL players are over joyed since they have dishonor them by taking a knee
Americans are dying in Puerto Rico and this is what you are busy with?
Interesting that you chose that image. The Flag Code states "the flag should never be flat or horizontally, but always aloft and free".
Isnt there a way to peacefully protest AND respect the flag???
US Flag Code: Chapter 10.176C

“The flag should never be carried flat or horizontally, but always aloft and free.”
Carrying the flag in a horizontal position is disrespectful per the US flag code good choice of picture
MRC doesn't stand for shit or shinola, and neither does @JohnCornyn for retweeting this click trash.
US flag code violation. Flag is never to be displayed on its side as shown in photo.
Thank you Karen, you are a great patriot. 
(c) The flag should never be carried flat or horizontally, but always aloft and free.
Turn off MEDIA RESEARCH CENTER & WATCH THE GAMES THIS WEEKEND TO PROTEST INJUSTICE IN OUR COUNTRY!
SORRY BUT YOU DON'T HAVE THE RIGHT TO DICTATE WHAT I OR THE PLAYERS DO!I stand with the players who are protesting injustice!
Bye.
We have a right to make a statement, too. No NFL at our house.
Meanwhile, while Cornhole is busy dividing America:
Puerto Rico suffered catastrophic damage from #HurricaneMaria. Millions w/o power or water. Congress should take up emergency aid asap. https://twitter.com/NOAASatellites/status/912342036975669254 …
Happy to be the one to tell you but the ratings this Sunday were the best in a while. You think your brethren have anything but football.
@JohnCornyn good to see a US Senator thinking the 1st amendment is only a right for white people. Confederate flags & Swasticas ok for you.
Your pic violates U.S. Code 4 § 8 - Respect for flag- (c) The flag should never be carried flat or horizontally, but always aloft and free.
.@realeftypickit
Right on sister!!!
They don't have their facts straight.
#FakePatriotism
@JohnCornyn So don't watch, I hear NASCAR is welcoming all racers (oops I meant ALL RACISTS)
#TurnOffRacistBastards

@JohnCornyn  speaking of simple, continue to ignore the majority for further enrichment of a small minority and u become irrelevant.
#BoycottNFL is fine but it's just the 1st step. Every individual has to look at who they are supporting when they watch show or buy anything
Disney, Amazon, Google, Facebook,Twitter,Microsoft, NBA, NFL, etc are all trying to fundamentally transform America into #Progressive utopia
Try not watch ABC,NBC,CBS,CW,ESPN,NFL or buy from Amazon or go to Disneyland You can change the culture by not participating with your money
@JohnCornyn are you saying Texans shouldn't watch the @dallascowboys and @HoustonTexans ?
I'm in
Punching way beneath your weight, Cornyn. I expected more from a Trinity man.
No.
#TurnOffNFL forever. Not American, not solidarity, overpaid bunch of gutless jocks
Dude! Displaying the flag horizontally, as in your photo, is a violation of the US flag code and a sign of disrespect. Sad!
They can excersise their right by kneeling and I will excersise my right by not watching.
I'm turning all the TVs to the NFL. You won't do your job then get the Fuck out of my country senator, or kill yourself
Why do you support disrespecting the flag, John?

USFC Chapter 10.176C

“The flag should never be carried flat … but always aloft and free.”

Looks like your stance worked.
I'll kneel a million times before i stand with you or trump once. You're both traitors. #TrumpRussia
Shameful race baiting  dictators question loyalty and patriotism
@JohnCornyn Obvious that Trump called you & told you to join his twitter culture war. Since you are impotent against him, you comply.
I've been there since pre-season. #BetterThingsToDo
You are missing the point @JohnCornyn . But then again, nothing new for you, is it?
@JohnCornyn I’m watching every game. Kiss my ass.
The flag should never be carried flat or horizontally—as is sometimes done during football games, but always aloft and free!
Sorry. That's not disrespectful. You know what IS disrespectful? Everything on this list:



Lol. This is about police brutality. But I’m glad Jerry Jones let you know what time it is. #GoCowboys 
Hey John your state and Puerto Rico had natural disasters shut up about football
You triggered snowflakes...
What a boring Sunday for you the . Enjoy gardening or something. #takeaknee
Cornhole you’re not to bright!
Says all the men that stand in their living rooms, and rise from their bar stools when the national anthem comes on. Who's really the SOB?
U really want this fight senator?

Jerry Jones kneeled
So stupid! The flag is only a fabric! True patriotism is in the heart, and kneeling displays even greater humility and worship than standing
I'll be watching the NFL all day Sunday!  They are proud Americans!
Lol  what will a bunch of beer drinking Taco belly men do on Sundays? Tweet!

I watched every game to support players/right to Freedom of speech.Your opposition is RACIST.Ppl of colored be killed by police UNPATRIOTIC.
Cornyn, you are a miserable excuse for a Texas senator. I'm a Texas resident and hell will freeze over before you get my vote again.
Good thinking .@JohnCornyn you can use that time to represent the people of Texas better than you have been.
What do I do if I ALREADY don't watch football, and I already DO support everyone's right to choose how to acknowledge flags/songs/pledges?
You do know that it's also against flag protocol to display it in a horizontal manner like that, don't you? No? Seems like you should.
I guess GOP enjoys being on the losing side - the picture you displayed violated US code on how to display flag!
Photo shows a violation of US Flag Code: Chapter 10.176C
“The flag should never be carried flat or horizontally, but always aloft and free.”
U.S. Flag Code: "The flag should never be carried flat or horizontally, but always aloft and free."
Hey, John? GO FUCK YOURSELF.
Do people who think kneeling is disrespectful go to church, or pray?  Do they pray standing?  What about verses where Jesus kneels to pray?

Dude the Dallas Cowboys are your constituents. There is an economic industry around the NFL. Jobs???  Really?
Hilarious, how you guys eat trumps bulls$@t up !!
Hypocrite Trump as always pandering he sure conned his voters, an athiest now a Jesus freak, Conservative family values?3x married, crook
Whether one agrees or not. The imbecile in the WH should not be sprouting his views against anyone much less calling for firing. #takeAKnee
When @Cornyn took office this idiot take Oath to Protect and defend The Constitution or a Flag made in China.Peaceful Protest is protected.
All these people quoting the flag code violation is awesome, but then why let facts and rules cloud your triggered grandstanding?
@JohnCornyn sure ??
Owners who gave $1M—>Trump inaug

@Redskins 
@Patriots 
…
Protest is against racial Injustic! Not the  Flag! Why don't you protest to Impeach a Idiotic President Trump # embarrassment #direspectful
I think I’ll pass on your offer.
What about tonight Mr. Cornyn? Turn off the Cowboys? 
way to tweet a picture that violates at least 2 tenants of the US Flag Code, you irresponsible hypocrite.
Sure John! You'll watch!
Look at you, with an unlawful display of the flag.
Irony: Claiming to "Stand up for our flag" while promoting violation of the flag code (not to be carried flat).
You know that laying it horizontally violates the code of proper displays of the flag, right?
Standing with you
I will be voting against you in 2020.
hypocrisy at its best
Yeah John good luck with your campaign to get people in Texas to not watch a Cowboys game lmao
Nationalism and abuse of power....taking lessons from Trump?
No thanks. I'll keep watching because I believe in the first amendment unlike republicans
Do you realize THIS picture of a flag being flown horizontally, is against the flag code and therefore disrespectful.

LOL at choice of pic: US Flag Code: Chapter 10.176C  “The flag should never be carried flat or horizontally, but always aloft and free” (1)

@JohnCornyn you'll watch @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc
@theMRC TFW when you need to know the difference between peaceful protest and disrespect. The pic you tweeted is expressly against code.
Nope. I'll keep watching, thanks!
Meanwhile in Puerto Rico US citizens are facing a humanitarian disaster and DC has their knickers in a bunch over standing for anthem. Sad.
NFL vs. #FakePresident: EARLY ELECTIONS BY FEET STARTED!
#UNTRUMP THE WORLD #FREETWITTER 
http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
Might want to brush up on your flag code of conduct.  8.c. The flag should never be carried flat or horizontally, but always aloft and free.
How about you getting on board with the people that elected you. Stop your diversions.
That picture is more disrespectful of the flag than not standing for it. Read the Flag Code before wrapping yourself in it.
How about you respect the CONSTITUTION, Senator??? Yet another reason I will NEVER vote GOP again, as if I needed one. #Deplorable
#TakeAKneeNFL
You do realize that horizontal displays of the flag are against US flag code, right?
Joining in the dumpster fire, eh Cornyn?

You're pathetic.
Funny, last month it was a different flag being honored.  I'll enjoy the game for you - was never a big fan until now. Thx 4 the heads up
@JohnCornyn
Let’s jump right in...

US Flag Code: Chapter 10.176C…
You do realize the image you promote is against the flag code right? Idiots
Fire your social media director.
cool cool cool so does that mean you'll actually get work done during that time instead?
Ha ha!  Flag code violation.  Perhaps you ought to study a bit more before displaying the flag inappropriately.
Senator Cornyn. Why don’t you support free speech?  Ummmm Koch bros much?
Way to stick it to them. My guess is they'll be just fine.
@JohnCornyn I stand for Liberty alone, not any flag.  Work on Liberty first- you are promoting BLIND nationalism.
Still trying your best to distract us from your failing health care bill?  You're going to fail. It's over.  Again.
No thanks. I'll watch.
NFL isn't necessary for life. Where else could they make so much money playing a GAME?! Disrespect me & my country, you are out of my life!
Oh poor you. Interesting that you think a respectful protest about police brutality is disrespecting you, personally.
Watch out for Direct TV! I cancelled ESPN! Direct took away all HD Channels! HBO, Showtime, Stars ETC! So Corrupt!
US Flag Code: Chapter 10.176C

“The flag should never be carried flat or horizontally, but always aloft & free.”

Please show some respect.
I love everything about this reply.
(c) The flag should never be carried flat or horizontally, but always aloft and free.
Haven't watched since fuckin' Kaepernick.
Whatever
So, you weren't watching before '09 when they didn't even come out for the anthem,right? Oh, it's politically correct for you now. I get it.
Villanueva, the military vet and NFL player lauded by those opposed to taking a knee had this to say
They try to inhibit the investigation into foreign conspiracy,  so we won't vote for them. Republicans out in 18.
Sorry turn off the Presudents hate and remind him to put his hand in his heart for the flag
Sen. Cornyn, this peaceful protest is not about being a patriot. It's about calling attention to police brutality of African Americans.
A shame, that average citizens have to school a US Senator on these social issues - Maybe needs a different job.
It is a citizen's right - more importantly, it is a citizen's DUTY - to PROTEST government injustice. YOU are not doing your duty. They ARE.
You got it, no NFL!
Join us tonight. NO MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL PATRIOTS!!!
I saluted the flag for their right to knee. I am offended by racists opposing free speech. 
-USN Vet.
And just what are YOU doing to combat police abuse and brutality against the black community?
@JohnCornyn Trump has decided #TakeTheKnee has gone from a police brutality protest to "a protest of the flag." He *decided* it.
Answer me this:  Why are my tax dollars used to advertise military branches during the game?
Y'all are in desperate need of some education-
Let’s jump right in...

US Flag Code: Chapter 10.176C…
Not a problem!! 
Why is this nonsense on my timeline? Stop being racist, it's not about flags, it's about protesting police brutality. #PuertoRicoRelief
Interesting description of the protesters as “they” rather than fellow Americans with a legitimate grievance.
How about standing for 1,000 innocent Black people killed by cops every year, all of which get off due to no civilian oversight?
Nah. They're not his donor base.  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Great, now ratchet up the Muslim terrorist talk and you have your reelection platform
Good idea, @JohnCornyn. You can spend more time on helping our fellow Americans in #PuertoRico
How about holding a Townhall.His constituents have been askg constantly since Jan.No townhall yet.That's disrespectg us,phone doesn't count

"Son of a bitch" vs. "very fine people" 
Safe space required.
All weekend baby! We will be tuning in! @JohnCornyn pretending again
I'm going to watch tho I NEVER watch football. The flag means nothing if you deny our Constitutional rights. Peaceful protest IS patriotism.
