I'm a constituent from Dallas 75232. When will you stop ignoring us and hold a #TownHall? #AnswerThePhone
Do u have something positive to add?  I doubt it or u wouldn't be on George Soros' friend list!
George Soros!  The GOP Boogeyman! Asking for a rep to see his constituents is positive. #democracyisgood
I hope u know US isn't a democracy it's a Republic with an Electoral College. U maybe off on US Civics!
If we want to be pedantic, we're a democratic republic. So then you agree w/ the importance of town halls! Thanks for agreeing!
Funny--no thinking person would agree after observing Jason Chaffetz town hall in Utah. It's a set up 4 liberals to take down Sen
Town halls are for our reps to meet with their constituents. If they don't want their constituents pissed, don't do dumb things.
Sense isn't yr strong suit! I'm happy with @JohnCornyn 's Senate leadership, yet I don't need to meet with him. What's ur intent?
Enough. The entire administration is corrupt from top to bottom. Your continued support makes it clear that you are as well.
Turn down the hate!
Follow the love trail with this admin. Easily done. Hateful admin;Hitler propaganda all over, look w love 
Just ridiculous. How can u think Hitler on day President Trump meets with PM Netanyahu in DC? WWII ring a 
#doyourjob #answerthephone and when is YOUR town hall?
Wouldn't that b self abuse. I think our Senator is smart -- at least smarter than u!
I wonder who Putin has in mind for those positions?
U?  Perhaps u know more than ur saying?  Watch out when u put ur name & face out there.
.....As a taxpayer employee you & the senate need to investigate & eliminate any treason that might be present in RUSSIA & Trump
Nice photo!  Is that ur spy shot -- in the shadows?? Hum?
So does being sold out to the FSB.
Oh please u fool. Abilene, TX? I hope not. Texans r usually smarter than that.
so when Trump said he paid you lot $ on 1-19-17, what kind work were you doing for him? Was it American or Russian $?
Cornyn is the LAST person to investigate 45 because CORNYN is 45 paid employee. Just review CNN tape 1-19-17 luncheon
great news
, in your view is this a good thing? Or is it scary w/ the tumultuous start to 45's tenure & Russia concerns?
Republican obstructionism at its finest.
Do your job, speak for TX constituents stop following the money trail. These seats shape America. HEAR US!
Investigation by bipartisan committee with subpoena power.  Release Trump's taxes! #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS
this kinda sounds like ur bragging, Sir? #CountryOverParty
Terrifying.
tell Kevin Brady @KevinBrady to quit obstructing the release of trump's tax returns
@RepKevinBrady is the shitgibbon refusing to facilitate 45’s tax returns release.  Sorry: @kevinbrady (Canadian)! @stoddard38 @zenjinx
thank you!
. Bannon is a self described Leninist; Miller is a white supremacist;Miller is a student of Sessions;                   WHO are U
I am a constituent in El Paso. We need a #Townhall here! I try to call your offices but the voicemail is ful
SCOTUS needs balance Senate should have allowed vote on Obama's nominee, a shame. #76903
hey John maybe you can ask Putin who he wants to be a judge
Please stop politicizing the judicial branch. You will be one to blame for the US downfall.
.@JohnCornyn @UpshotNYT better have trump start pushing them through in the next two years you spineless and tone deaf senator.
.@JohnCornyn Investigate @realDonaldTrump's connections & communications with Russia to be sure he deserve this power!
That scares the hell out of me, and if you had any sense, it would scare the hell out of you.
Yes, and we are terrified.
u show such poor judgment in character
It's why Ginsberg won't retire. Go investigate WH-Russia links. That could affect public safety more than travel ban
I am not a paid protester. I am a 5th gen Texan & want a town hall in Austin.
That's  right we need to get the Liberal ones out that don't go by constitution only their stand and beliefs (Wrong!)
what are you doing about a town hall?  Dallas 75287
By the way what obstruction do you think there will be if investigation goes against 45? Illegitimate ticket. Pence is no Ford.
Jerry was likeable.
Maybe you could address the concerns of Texans! Remember us. We surely will remember your disregard and disdain for Texas.
Given everything that's happened in the last 2 days & all he's tried to pull, do you think this is a good thing?
don't let him do it, he'll make a mess of too far right wing people, not good for US
Your silence on Flynn and Russia says everything Texans need to know about you. You knew & you didn't have a prob w/it. #Shame
This here's another major reason I voted for Trump over Crooked Clinton
thankfully, he will be impeached before he destroys our country
With his disregard/disrespect for the Judicial Branch of government, this should make you very concerned.
please stop everything and investigate trump admin's Russia ties. It is your duty.
Unfortunately, the majority would rather he didn't have any input! #NotMySenatorForLong
y'all didn't factor in @realDonaldTrump's pending impeachment. CC: @JohnCornyn
you should be concerned about how much power you guys are granting him. Please use caution.
Sorry @JohnCornyn - only presidents who didn't sell out the country to Russian interests get to appoint judges @UpshotNYT @nytimes
@jshkatz REALLY!? U R tweeting about @POTUS huge power when his administration has ties 2 Russia!? Give me a break!!
your constituents want a town hall, but you don't care about those folk, do you? #CornynFailedTexas
At this rate, he won't be in office long enough to appoint shit.
- Thx for service on Judiciary Committee. Now, more than ever, fight the good fight for checks & balances.
WE DEMAND AN INVESTIGATION INTO #RUSSIAGATE NOW
really scary #sadlittleman
I support you, Senator. I will be on your every tweet w/a positive message. No one should be swarmed by hateful libs.
Please keep in mind, Senator, that you are the target of an organized professional social media astroturf hit job. #FakeAccounts
This is truly terrifying
"Out of touch senator gives Texans huge reason to vote him out of office"
How many Russians do you think we'll end up with?
vacant seats were ther before #realDonaldTrump because you didn't do job
I guess we just need them to hold out for 2 more years until we can kick your majority out of the houses then...
You refused to vote on Presidents Obama's nominee for one year. You didn't care then! Why care now.
I'm a constituent from 77478. When will stop ignoring us. We are not a paid protester.
Y'all better break with these thugs or start compiling a list of countries with no extradition treaties.
Yeah doesn't that scare you?
So you support Trump's Russian interactions? Have you communicated with them, too?
Does Reince Pribus have an overview on ABA information or how would President receive names 4 promotion?
who do you represent? Because it is certainly not your constituents.
how could any ethical person continue 2 support this #corrupt administration!!??
Is this ur way of saying to hell w/his violations, let's not investigate so he can stay and pick ur judges?
This is why we need an Independent Counsel investigation into the president's Russian ties immediately. Too much is at stake
It's clear u don't represent the people of TX. In this time of crisis u chose your own interests. We will remember.
And you're okay with that @JohnCornyn? You might want to talk to your constituents about it. #TownHall
Every last appointment clearly tainted by Soviet influence.
Big surprise, considering how @SenateGOP treated Merrick Garland. Don't brag about this.
y is Trump attacking our intelligence they serve the American people stand up wrong side of history
I hope so. We need less 9th circuit court types and more Scalia/Gorsuch types.
Please just focus on investigating administration's ties to Russia and COIs. Top priority. Please.
When was the last time you met with constituents?
I'm more concerned that you aren't investigating RUSSIA and how they are meddling in our Sovereignty!  #Investigate
Terrifying. Let's hope both Trump & Pence impeached for Russia collusion before they can appoint many. (Zip 77079 TX voter.)
Can Russians serve on courts?
better start that independent investigation into the Trump/Russia connection before this happens. #DoYourJob
Not if you don't let him. Think before you confirm nominees! #DoYourJob #Resist
R u saying IGNORE everything dangerous, incompetent, &crazy w/ POTUS & pay off will be conservative corrupt judges?
- power he may have illegally or even treasonously won. Full independent bipartisan investigation!
45 is unhinged, in bed w/ Russia & on course to destroy everything Americans care about.
What r u doing?
That is what this is all about for you. Entrenched power by any means necessary.
But GOP in the Senate need to start acting like the Majority Party!
#nomoreexcuses 
#nuclear
You mean those vacant seats Senate Republicans refused to confirm? #DoYourJob
You are in the Senate, supposed to be attending Senate business on behalf of Texas.  Did you forget?
Can't wait for 2020 for a multitude of reasons!! #DoYourJob
Can't wait! Looking at you @JoaquinCastrotx and @JulianCastro 
when is the next town hall?
From trump POV make sure appointed judges can b influence with money. Can't leave choices up 2 morals. he might lose.
if you believe and love this country as much as I do, that should cause you some concern. Anything to say to allay my concern?
so you want a TRAITOR to appoint judges.  Are you in collusion with him to hand US courts over to Putin?
I hope done from a completely different viewpoint than judiciary comments Trump has expressed so far.
And with his Russian ties, conflicts of interest and more, that should scare the hell out of you. #doyourjob
Y does Russia scare u?  Look at it this way -- Communists love  our liberals 40% of population.
all the more reason to investigate Russian connection
This is the most frightening thing you have ever said!
And by Trump you mean Russia.
That should scare us all!!!
trump isn't going to make it that long. And we won't let you far right wingers have that kind of impact!
Who cares about this? We should be talking about #IMPEACHEMENT
I think you should turn these Robo tweets off for a minute. Look what's going on sir
Are you bragging about failing to do your job again.
He will shape nothing! He's going to get impeached & we will remember ppl like you! #TrumpImpeachmentParty
after the last 2 days this is what you are tweeting about? You will be voted out of office! #traitorCornyn
what about an investigation into Russian connection w Trump
assuming he's in office long enough to do it.
@jshkatz Not if he is impeached.
Can we please focus on what by all appearances is a very illegitimate president?
I'm not sure he'll be in office long enough.
isn’t that the definition of politicizing the Supreme Court?
That is incredibly scary!!
talk about this later focus on Russia and the Trump Administration
Trump has no ability to do anything. Rs need to clean their house before Americans accept anything from them
But why? You won't need the Constitution after Russia annexes the US.
Make America Great Again 
Trump. Is. Out. And when is your next town hall, again? #2020
