As we seek to save Americans from failures of Obamacare, reports of polls fail to acknowledge that no Senate bill yet exists #workingonit
How exactly does affecting 1/6 of our US econ Stabilize the Market? Need some clarification here, Sen.
Want to explain to the T voters in rural TX, How this is better for them when the clinics close? When those jobs go away? When they lose hc?
Oh yes, I would love to hear his response to this. Also, explain how people deal with insurance caps when not done w chemo yet.
I wanna hear him tell the kids in my hospital how that will work.
It will be the free market allowing competition to drive down cost.  My aca cost is 4000 dollar deductible and 600 a month.
Health care should not be for profit. *That* would make it cheaper.
What??? Why not?  R&D ONLY happens with a capitalist model.  Do you really want a surgeon that's poor?
That is simply not true. Europe is an excellent example. Being paid an appropriate wage is not the same as insurance companies profiting.
How is "best effort" cutting off 22M from health care? What are you doing to lower COSTS and not just premiums for more threadbare plans?
No one is being cut off from healthcare.  However, on the current path we will all end up with healthcare DMV style.
Just fix it, don't repeal it.
You want to save Medicaid by shoving it in a closet and hoping it suffocates?
First, this is a false dilemma. PPACA was designed to do all of these things. It needs to be tweaked, not killed.
Second, your suggestion does literally the opposite of all of these things. That's not a solution.
Obamacare would do that if you republicans stop sabotaging it
You are going at this from the wrong end. Your telescope is backwards. Start from the improvements the ACA made and strengthen, not destroy!
What improvemts? Socialized medicine NEVER works
If only you knew what socialized medicine was
Ummm yes I know what it is and please move out of TX.
Choice is fix & #saveACA which has made #Healthcare accessible for #SmallBusinesses like ours OR better yet: #Medicare4All #HR676
I'm all for fixing. Not repealing. Work together and fix it.
Its funny, John. You lie and you lie and you lie, and you dont return emails.
.@lisamurkowski @SenCapito @SenDeanHeller @SenatorCollins @SenRobPortman Keep #Premiums & #Deductibles Affordable 4 Everyone-Improve #ACA!
I just don't understand the heartlessness. The price of your heartlessness will be your soul. #GOPshameless #GOPheartless #GOPspineless
Stop lying to your constituents. Buying across state lines doesn't even work let alone save money! You don't care about Medicaid. Save ACA!
So you're in favor of improving Obamacare together with the Democrats! When do you get started?
This isn't a healthcare bill.  It's a tax cut bill to benefit the 1% @ the expense of the 99%.
And the answer is to keep and improve Obamacare with states expanding Medicaid as intended.
It's not GOP vs. Dems on BCRA. It's GOP vs. AARP, AMA, the Arc, AHA, ANA, American Cancer Society Action Network, AAP, Catholic Bishops+more
BRCA does none of that. How do you sleep at night with the lies you spin to your constituents? Shame on you! #CornynTallTales
@KellAF18 @JohnCornyn His ass ought to be cork screwed as much as he spins!
These goals can best be reached by strengthening ACA and improving access, not gutting it & hurting 22 millions Americans.

John has become Steve Bannon. Chaos, disinformation and fear mongering. Never thought I'd see this in TX. #worstsenatorinusa.
It's not like he's new there.
It was hard to see the Bannon in him when he was only an obstructionist. Much clearer now.
WTF, I think you have gone off the deep end.
"Best efforts" should be to improve Obamacare, sir. Your points are existing efforts in the current system, not the crap bill you allude to
13 white males in isolation is NOT 'best efforts'. Americans deserve better. We demand true collaboration from our elected officials
i'd love to see that unicorn "best effort."  fact is, there is no such thing.
There's no "choice" in GOP Wealthcare Bill. What good is choice if you can't afford it? But it's about giving $700 million to billionaires.
Choice is all of the above or throw 22 million Americans off of their healthcare and watch people die.
Your bill does none of that. You want those with pre-existing conditions to die & you're raping Medicaid in the short term and the long term
You don't deserve the attention you're getting. You DESERVE to be voted out. I so hope Texans are paying attention.
Really? So everything was fine before #Obamacare when we had all those choices? Get real. #voteNO
...or single payer. Just like the rest of the developed world.
Watch my video & see who you'd be harming! Do you care that my child has experience so much pain & yet the @GOP doesn't mind inflicting more
The choice is to stop worshipping at the altar of the free market and start caring about people's lives. Single payer with private providers
Waffle much cornyn
Work together with Dems to fix the problems and we all win. Americans will thank you for doing the right thing.
Senator Obama care at least helped millions of people. Your bill is a tax cut for the rich!
And cut taxes for the top 1%. Guess you forgot.  Oh yeah 23 mil loose health care.  Choice food, housing or health care-some choice.
You seek to give tax cuts to the rich at the expense of sick people's lives. That's all.
WTF are you even talking about? The CBO saw your shitty bill and calculated the effects. Now you're backpedalling
Pssst. They all went home for the recess, got an earful...AND NOW THEY'RE BACKPEDALLING! 

We need to encourage more of this.
@JohnCornyn didn't. He spent the recess with the Koch brothers. Doesn't care about his constituents.
You're right about Cornyn. Lost cause. No one front faces these kinds of disapproval numbers unless they're bought.
Senate Republican candidates take a 30-point hit when voters learn they’re supporting the GOP health care plan http://bit.ly/2tyO7IL 
You are so fixated on your RICH donors you are failing those in need of healthcare.
The current Senate Bill does none of those things. Please stop lying to your constituents
um, isn't that Obamacare or what Obamacare should've been before concessions were made to pass bill? Stop #repeal Plz #RetainAndReform
Maybe you can explain how either bill makes Healthcare better?
Sir, without essential health benefits there are NO protections for pre-existing conditions.  #Trumpcare #fakenews
8 years later you have nothing! Incompetence is an understatement
FALSE
You're an evil human. That is all.
Choice is 2 new Texas senators, but we're stuck with poor GOP leadership until 2020. Cruz must go in 2018.
Why? @johncornyn Choice - your version of Obamacare or Free Market system with safety net for people not insurers! #healthcare
GOP should've done the right thing from beginning to stabilize markets instead of destroying them. You work for the common good, in theory.
UK is number one in almost all standards for healthcare btw so stop badmouthing NHS
L.L.P.O.F.
Trumpcare is your best effort to give tax cuts to wealthy investors and to let insurance co. sell sham policies.
When your bill IMPROVES on the ACA, then we have a place to begin. You know it doesn't & you know that's not the point. So—no deal. #Resist
Do you ever think, since you deem yourself a devout Christian, that you're resigned to eternal damnation for the lies you've told about BCRA
Does the senate bill sent to the CBO actually do any of those things? From what I've read, I don't think so.
If the Senate bill is the best you can do, maybe you should quit
As a Texan, I prefer a public option, like Medicare for all.
Work with Dems. Improve #Ocare. #Healthcare4All. #SinglePayer.
your choice was to be lazy. U Came up w a sloppy solution. Choose to lose is a lazy plan.
Yeah sure, your diminishing your credibility by the minute
This is a trial balloon saying, "we just wanted to improve the ACA all along". Problem is, there is 7 years of nonsense to overcome.
Remember that the majority of Americans did not vote to repeal ACA; the majority voted to improve it. GOP does not have a mandate!
Just repeal.
#TurnTxBlue #WorkingOnIt
1/6 of economy & big $ rich + $ to US politics at stake.  Yea, & then a dance or two with US citizen "workers" (HA) that consume healthcare.
How do you have the nerve to call yourself a Christian?  Shameless liar.
2. The US Insurance companies are no more about health than a Big Mac. I realize you receive millions of $$ from them. Suck it up buttercup
The Senate bill like House bill does nothing good for American citizens. We need universal single payer healthcare....
ACA
Improve ACA. U don't want 2 but ur efforts 2 lower premiums/protect pre-exis/medicare failed. ACA done in plain sight, not in secret.
The best choice is the democratic plan- expand Medicaid, 55+ buyin to Medicare,  stabilizing the  ins markets, Negotiate  w/big Pharam
Not buying it, asshat
I'm a healthy person who buys insurance bc I want to do my part to reduce costs for everyone. What are you, who is in power, doing? Shame!
Liar. The bill you're working on does none of that.
Your Koch addiction is out of control. Put the straw down & get help now! #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #CanCornyn20
Obamacare needs to go, PERIOD! repeal that and take time to figure out the rest. Don't fail us on this! Republicans need to grow a spine!
False choices, sir.
The BCRA: #wealthcare and #deathcare
@StevenTDennis release results of your online poll!  Be transparent & tell us how fellow Texans voted.  Yr office won't tell us
 You are Trump's #1 propagandist on health care. Markets 'working as intended' & stabilizing, per Trump's own HHS https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-trump-administrations-own-data-says-obamacare-isnt-imploding/amp/ …
"Protect pre-existing conditions" = technically allow to exist in some cases but severly undermine them

"Save Medicaid" = shrink Medicaid
"Reduce premiums" = for young, healthy people. For everyone else they will increase
"Stabilize markets" = perform analingus on Insurance companies
This is all pretty incoherent Jaberwocky- or perhaps argle bargle.
Healthcare costs rise like weather balloons because GOV won't leave it alone.
You'll never tarnish Obama's Legacy. It's only going to get better in comparison to Trump. But a black president certainly made y'all crazy
Too bad you've lied for so long, about everything imaginable. Literally NO ONE believes you now, John.
You cannot explain why SD Cards prices fall like rocks, and health-care costs rise like weather balloons. #GOVstinks
FIX THE ACA.  Your discussion draft bill doesn't really protect pre-existing conditions unless it guarantees essential health benefits.
John we're not ignorant not miss informed ur bill sucked and u know it Fix ACA and stop trying to push tax cuts for the super wealthy
Senator, There are 100 Senators, over 300 mm Americans, but 13 elitist rich men decided what was good for America, huh?
This healthcare issue MUST be resolved. There is no perfect solution but Obamacare is bankrupting people.
But that isn't what your tax cut bill does.
The plans heretofore proposed by @gop do hardly any of those things.
By all means, *improve* ACA! Reach across aisle, not to libertarians. Brave man, Senator Moran, facing constituents: http://www.houstonchronicle.com/news/medical/article/The-Latest-Sen-Moran-gets-tough-questions-at-11270222.php …
Must be the choice to die since "choosing" not to buy insurance because you have no money to pay is no choice
Toss poor people off of insurance; give tax breaks to the rich!  That's some Republican catnip right there.
But NOT BCRA, cuz it's the worst choice by far!
Disingenuous or plain old lying. You're clearly bought & paid for. Work, in open, with Democrats to serve constituents not the richest.
About time!! Going to ignore the lies about no bill yet... more important to FIX ACA!
Obamacare IS best way to stabilize markets, reduce premiums, etc. Except for @GOP acts of sabotage.
Medicaid is an out of control entitlement. Cut it, not expand. I'm really tired of RINOs like Collins & Gov Kasich. McConnell should resign
Gutting Medicaid is not "saving" anything except tax cuts for your rich friends. You're the guy who excused violence against judges, right?
So what's in this version? Senate GOP & WH plan final, urgent blitz to pass health-care law - The Washington Post
after 7 years of obstruction, this is your answer?? In secret panels and no public hearings? Ignoring your constituents AGAIN?????
Medicaid too far gone thanks to governors like Kasich. Has to be reeled back in. Start premium for enrollees not poor. We pay for Medicare
No @JohnCornyn all republicans ran on repeal and replace ! Do what u said u were going to do! Not a watered down version! Keep the promises
I'll take Obamacare of those two choices thank you
You people had 7 years to think this through! Do your job and clean up these entitlements.  Too many people getting free stuff on my dime.
Everyone hates your TrumpCare bill, John. We hate it, the CBO hates it, hell, even crazy Rand Paul hates it. Try harder.
#SENATE has put the "em-PHAH-sis" on the wrong "syl-LAB-le" -- Get a backbone-- Simply repeal #ACA-- market forces solve the puzzle! #USA
Ur premise is flawed. Private, for-profit health insurance wastes $. #SinglePayer is conservative 3rd option: saves $, improves HC outcomes
Other choice: single payer like every other advanced nation in the world. Lower costs & better outcomes. Please quit ignoring that option.
So why is GOP plan tax cuts for rich, gut Medicaid, reduce premiums through eliminating essential services and high risk pools?
Just Repeal the damn thing and give us back the greatest Nation as it was before O Care
All you're doing is trying to cut money from social programs so you can give tax cuts to your donors. You are a corrupt and you are a liar.
Obama care OR best efforts? Um, that's what the ACA IS; or was supposed to be- NOT Romneycare.
Tweak it. Success is a work in progress.
no one has claimed that the ACA (obamacare) is perfect,but what YOU and your colleagues propose is FAR WORSE
"No Senate bill yet exists"...?  So...

A: After 7 YEARS, you STILL have NO PLAN?

B: What did the @USCBO score?
Longer-Term Effects of the Better Care Reconciliation Act of 2017 on Medicaid Spending https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52859 …
This Texan will take the ACA over your "best effort" any day! I do not trust you and your partisan machinations with my family's healthcare.
My "choice" is to vote you out if is anything but REPEAL. I don't mean fix or repair. Stop lying to those who voted for you & keep your word
I can't wait to vote against you
Choice is an ok start but the uncertainty of unknown replacement plan is creating instability in the insurance marketplace which is not good
or you could work with the democrats, or we could go to single payer. Those are also options. Very good ones.
Pretty clear the ACA is the winner here since your other list is just lies about what your bill does.
Fixing healthcare takes putting us, we the people, before your party! Either fix the #ACA or give us #MedicareForAll.
In case anyone wants to read the pile of garbage that is #TrumpCare : https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/BetterCareReconcilistionAct.6.26.17.pdf …
Here's the CBO score for all to read for themselves: https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/costestimate/52849-hr1628senate.pdf …
This means that if you lose coverage for just one month, you have to wait six months before you can get it back.
#Trumpcare is nothing more than a tax cut for the 400 richest American families.
In addition to millions losing their insurance, #Trumpcare poses a threat to jobs nationwide.
32 million people would lose coverage if Obamacare was repealed
5 Ways the Senate Health Care Bill Would Hurt You http://fw.to/ixqb2WY   #NoAgeTax #VoteNo
Really John, really????
Fix Obamacare.  Bipartisan solution. You know, how the Senate worked before Mitch McConnell.
we don't want Obamacare light. we want a free market solution.
.@JohnCornyn How about U listen 2 CBO, American ppl & health organizations telling U : #ACA / #Obamacare = answer
#DoYourJob #SaveACA
.@JohnCornyn I choose #ACA aka #Obamacare that saved my life
The American ppl R not idiots & we will fight 2 the end 2 save human lives.
You and your fascist comrads had six years to come up with a better plan. Admit it, republicans have never been good at governance


You are a liar cowardcornyn
Slashing federal funding for Medicaid does nothing to "save" it. All you're doing is pushing a massive cost-shift onto the states.

You've had eight plus years
Wrong! You guys have the 3 branches of govt to Repeal the ACA. Time to keep your word for a change.
Trump and GOP embrace Putin, massive personal tax cuts for themselves and gut healthcare for constituents.  SWAMP MONSTERS MUST GO
Who chooses to be elderly or disabled or poor?When 22 million no longer have insurance, it's a BCRA loss not a choice.
Universal healthcare. Really. We're watching & we vote.
John, are you fighting for the corporations and not the people. You should only receive poverty wages then. It is what they pay us.
If you wrote an honest article that explains your governing principles, lying and obfuscation would have prominent places in the document.
LIAR. Stop blaming ACA. TRUMPCARE will kill and aims at most vulnerable, seniors, disabled, kids, poor. @GOP best efforts sucks balls! #MEAN
Apparently your best efforts aren't anywhere near good enough.
Wrong again.  The choice is between shoring up the individual market under Obamacare or Single Payer.  The latter is coming anyway btw.
But what about your promise?

Let's have healthcare hearings. That is all.

now you  #Medicaid. You are aware clients of #Medicaid don't vote for you? It does not help the right people, replace with #MedicareForAll
Don't need politically correct bandaid bill that benefits #BigPharma and insurance companies and #Medicaid. Prices older Americans out.
No no no! Government 'stabilizing' the market will just end in disaster.  When has a government solution ever 'stabilized' anything?
#FullRepeal #Now
No excuses! #FullRepeal please. Freedom is better than republican & democrats #junkBills . When ready to stop lying #MedicareForAll please.
Heller exposed your sham wealthcare bill, said it does nothing to lower premiums. Grassley & Moran admitted it guts pre-x protections
CBO (whose head was GOP appointed) says it decimates Medicaid by $800 billion, caps and lock out eligible enrollees.
Guts Medicaid by 26% by 2026 and 37% by 2036. Your own party is eating your own bill. Your account is Trumpcare propaganda
Hey John, I was thinking maybe you could call one of these countries and ask them how they do universal healthcare? Worth a shot.
The bulk of your "plan" is just a big fat tax break for obscenely wealthy Americans who happen to be your buddies. So dishonest. So wrong.
Yet Cruz, Lee, Paul are making you thier beotches!
It will get more expensive over time as pharma, insurance, etc. contribute to their lackeys to protect their profits. Right, John?
#FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal #FullRepeal  obumacare & start w/clean slate
Are you claiming BCRA protects pre-existing conditions? Because we can see here that it allows states to seek waivers for plans that don't.
You've had 7 plus years to come up with a better plan. My 9 yo granddaughter could figure it out in that amt of time 
How many hearings did Obamacare have?  Didn't Obama do townhalls?  Why doesn't Trump? Why doesn't our Senator?  Why the rush?
Or you can do both. Just sayin.
