Here's some that all your #MAGA clowns griped about forever. Waiting for Trump supporters to apply!! 
Come on Trumpanistas! Not up for some hard labor?
Thanks Obama!! Job growth slower under Trump than it was under Obama for multiple years!
#ThanksObama
I would like to see the available job numbers split out by income levels.  There are jobs but can we support our families on the income?
If a person works 198 yrs @ $7.25/hr saving every penny, they too could afford an apartment @ The Austonian like .@JohnCornyn #WhiteLies
Thank you President Obama
@tedcruz @GOP  Yes, & Senate & House are leading they way!
No townhalls = no vote.
Thanks Obama!
But are filling them at a slower pace due to government uncertainty.
@ThePatriot143
Jobs added last 6 months under Obama:1,305,000
Jobs added first 6 months under Trump:1,074,000
Definitely slowed under Trump
Remind me when trumPutin signed a budget? Oh, that's right. He hasn't. We must still be operating under the Obama admin budget.
And Robert Mueller is STILL Special Council! WHY!
#ThanksObama It is funny that you obstructed O at every opportunity,  but now want to take credit for his work.  Hypocritical liar. Resign!
Do you realize rent in Dallas TX is rising 14 to 25% a year? A minimum wage job does not cut it!
Then go get a better job. Minimum wage is not a career
13 an hr is not enough to live on when base rents for 400 sqf apartment is well over 700 A month!
Thanks President Obama!  John....do your job...have a town hall meeting.
Thanks President Obama!!
So, who is rushing to pick our crops? No one. So they rot, farmers lose money, and our grocery bill goes up.
We are literally sitting here at the brink, and this is what you post? Nothing to reassure those you represent? Thanks so much.
Cronyn knows how to campaign, lie, gloat, blame and point fingers. Compassion and conscientiousness are not part of his skill set.
Particularly in the White House, but who wants to work for a madman except for another madman?
#ImpeachTrumpNow #DoYourJob
Texas schools are not producing the people for those jobs. Out schools are in trouble because of lack of money. Fix it.
fake news remember? did you not receive your bosses memo on fake media news? or is it only negative news that's fake?
Way to go President Obama. You set up DT nicely 
Yet you slam Google's for letting an employee go who was hell bent on creating a hostile work environment for 50% of the population
Yep. & a bunch of those jobs are in construction & agriculture. Too bad we shooed away the folks who were willing to do them.
Yes, I work in construction and crews are dwindling. So projects now taking longer and costing us a lot more money to produce.
Because they won't hire unless you speak Spanish. Fine the companies that hire illegals
7 years... Americans' expectations too high? Perhaps y'all can get it done in 14 years... only marginally too high. Mercy what a joke.
"Sure was nice of Obama to leave us a nice economy... would be a shame if something happened to it..."
ATTN SENATOR: Your constituents want you to do something about our authoritarian President and his war-mongering idiocy! Pls do your job.
Thanks Obama. 

God knows the GOP didn't help.
Thanks you @potus44 for the economic recovery!
Not for pharmacists.
Your point? Surely you aren't suggesting we credit your party or your man for this? #fireandfury #ImpeachTrumpNow #Resist #UnfitForDuty
Today would be a good day for @JohnCornyn to hold a town hall.
   
  #DoYourJob or #Resign!
Thanks Obama!
Healthcare John Healthcare Healthcare Healthcare. Nothing before Healthcare. Undo your failure.
Yes, because President Obama worked on improving the foundation for economic growth.  These are the fruit of his labor.
If they offered a fair, livable wage, they would have more than enough applicants. May also be connected to the drop in immigration
POTUS Trump making America great again despite obstructions, personal attacks & even opposition from own party. + He is not taking a salary.
I wonder why they're having difficulty filling them.
So resign John go take one of those open Mar-a-Lago service positions trump needs visa workers to fill. Live the dream explore life w/o HC
Tons of job openings in CA as fields are left to rot due to lack of farm workers, but your racist policies are more important than food.
What's important we thank Obama for Job well done! Kept America from a depression we have not seen since Great Depression
How many of those are low-wage jobs?
You didn't happen to notice that we're on the brink of nuclear war, did you? Got any ideas on that, Senator Emptysuit?
Sounds like a strong case for immigration
Old white guys need to step aside for new blood.   Younger men and women who have a real interest in America.
Thanks to Obama.
FYI--45 is threatening NK w/nukes. And he needs propoganda delivered to him twice a day to reassure him. Scared yet?
His lack of fitness is on the GOP.
Let's talk about how draconian immigration policy negatively effects TX economy at your next Town Hall meeting.
minus the jobs at trump properties where US citizens need not apply.
The lack of skilled labor w/a strong work ethic contributes greatly to job openings
Too bad most of your voters are unqualified
Too bad we are not training coal miners instead of lies that their jobs are coming back. Then you have betsy over education...
HI, while you are tweeting out about available job openings the president is tweeting vague nuclear threats  
Not all that vague
Thanks Obama stop lying for this administration
Obama says, "You're welcome!" Partisan tool bag. Jobs still going overseas...just ask Carrier...ya know that company that duped your POTUS.
Thanks to Obama for the fantastic economic recovery and base that is continuing to carry Trump although it is showing signs of weakening!
Wait -- I thought immigrants were taking jobs from Americans...Which is it?
This has everything to do with the previous admin and nothing to do with Trump -- what about all the lost jobs in oil??
No thanks to the DO NOTHING Congress!
Don't you have anything to say about POTUS threatening nuclear war or will you go along w him on that too?
Also #ThanksObama
References and numbers or your lying, just like the cheetoh president
No thanks to u.Don't act like it is anything u did.If u cared u would support our Pres. Texan who is fed up with your fake Conservateism
Thanks to Obama!
is that based on reports from farm communities who have lost all their immigrant workers since January?
Only lower paying jobs
Thanks Obama!
Is your head in the sand?No comments on the Presidents threatened nuclear launch on the DPRK?
GOP draconian immigration policy at work. Expel the workers in agriculture, construction & service, then claim job availability #ThanksObama
I thought the economy was a disaster because of the tax and spend democrats?
But wait, I thought we needed to cut back on immigrant labor at non-Trump locations so Americans can have jobs.
But wait. I thought we needed tax cuts because our business were failing?
Horrified w/Trump on Twitter yet? Will you support HR 669 which prevents @POTUS from first use of nukes without Congressional approval?
Thanks, Obama!
New administration inherited a good economy from president Obama. Hopefully they won't mess it up
It just amazes me how BHO has been out of office for 7 months, and done more for this country than he did during his 8 year term. 
Your silence on trumps insane rhetoric re-North Korea is deafening. He is mentally ill but GOP leaders are cowards
Thanks Obama!!
Yup, started in 2010...add in the GOP massive deportations and the continued trend in declining birth rates and US growth will stall out
When is your Town Hall?
Low wages is the reason for soooo many "jobs"
A large number: why you have done nothing to get the traitor out of the WH? Did you take any of the tainted (from Russia) money?
John, read the comments of your constituents. Does it make you feel like your doing a good job, or a bad job?
And employers are having difficulty filling these jobs because potential employees can't pass a drug test. Thanks Trump. Thanks Price.
Cornyn tell the Liar an Chief and his daughter wife to make their stuff in USA not in China Vietnam Far East so cut the Bull S..T you Phony
Thanks to Trump not the Senate
Cool, so let's kick the can down the road about how automation will drastically change that.

So true.
Is that why the President's FL golf club is seeking immigration waivers to hire foreign workers as kitchen staff and wait staff?
Thanks Obama.
Warning this picture contains NSFW Facts, you might want to hide.
PS. Thanks Obama (@BarackObama )
Our struggling companies are in dire need of even more taxes breaks to help us grow business, jobs and...oh, um, more than ever, you say?
This qtrs Jobs numbers are not due to anything done by **present** Congress or President. Lower numbers than same period last 5 years.
Winning.
Neither have disingenuous @GOP politicians adopting an authoritarian strategy of attacking the press rather than helping people.
But if Trump incinerates us all we won't need jobs. Wish to God you all would rein him in.
Abolish Common Core
Full Funding School Choice
100% Fed Grants for Tech/Trade Schools  Graduates

EDUCATE AMERICANS.  HIRE AMERICANS.
#MAGA

Thank you president Obama.
Thanks, Obama and a failed @GOP that hasn't been able to implement any of their agenda to destroy the economy! Thoughts on North Korea??
Thanks, Obama!
As someone who is unemployed I take issue with your statement.I would love to discuss this with you & other issues. When is your townhall?
Low pay?
Thanks Obama!
No more tortillas,  tacos for you and Tom Cotton.
So no comment on N Korea & threats by DJT on Twitter? Do you agree with his statements? Either have a town hall or give stmt
There's a psycho in the WH endangering us all with threats of nuclear war. Did you know?
Thanks Obama
There is a crazy person in the White House.
#ThanksObama
Return your healthcare subsidies, get Obamacare fixed and be a Texan with honor. Deliver on 7 years of promises to the American people.
#ThanksObama!
Remember when Bush the Son crashed the economy?
#thanksobama
Those jobs might go away after trump gets us into a war.  You are part of a co-equal branch of government - act like it!!!!
Trump can't do shit. Just wants off front page with #MuellerGrandJury
Yes, not enough people to fill all the jobs, do you understand how your immigration policy affects this dilemma? We need more people here.
Not more people. More skilled people who want to work. Not illegals, be legal and come and work here.
#ThanksObama
How many of them are for an actual living wage? There's a reason why jobs are going unfilled.
One has to start somewhere. Pay is generally tied to skill level. At least in the blue collar world.
Finally supporting President Obama, Pennywise?
Yeah, they can't find field workers who speak English, and the ICE vultures are picking up the rest.
Support Trump or we vote all of u out and replace with pro Trumpers
Thanks, @BarackObama!!!
