NOT as bad as Reps allowing Numbnuts @realDonaldTrump :2work w/Russians/steal election; do NOTHING while he runs AMERICA into ground
Reps know how to: OBSTRUCt vs legislate; pass tax cuts 4WELL off, while MAJORITY AMERICANS STRUGGLE http://the http://hill.com/homenews/state-watch/343174-trump-effect-could-cost-states-lost-tax-revenues?amp …


Hey Cornyn
Some would call this fake news...
I'm embarrassed to call you my Senator.
1,197 days to #CanCornyn2020
1. Every story I've seen or heard has included that caveat 2. Love it when a US Sen links a story that comes with a pop up ad to sell plasma
It could be that Trump and the Russians are setting up Sessions to disrupt the investigation
I am quite embarrassed to have you as my senator.
Why?
140 characters isn't nearly enough room to explain why. Let's just say I miss the GOP of Eisenhower and, hell, NIXON.
So you are pro-globalism?
Sorry, I'm not on Twitter to feed the trolls. Have a lovely day.
Sad I was looking for truth, Cornyn is a globalist and is in the same vein as the two you named.
here we go- watching the death spiral of a great political party. It's leaders not confronting corrupt POTUS.
So much try and fail by the media. In a real job, they'd be fired by now.
Yes, how dare anyone leak that our Atty General is dealing with Russia over sanctions prior to the election but leaks..OMG..they must stop!
My senator continues to be a Trump lackey.
He's my Senator, too and I'm proud of him.
Proud of him for what? He's saying you need less information about what's going on, and you agree? Come on now...
Sounds like honesty to me.
Not buried + you omitted next part, that Kislyak's reports historically have been quite accurate. & Dailly Caller? Really? You know better.
The story clearly reports this as Kislyac's accounts to Russia NOT that Sessions actually did anything wrong...yet
Smoke screen for the real problems.  45 & his band of idiots & asskissers need to go.   This includes you Johnny.
The article seems even MORE fair handed now.
Get your fellow Republicans in line or you will get seats taken away! We are more engaged then ever and this won't go without consequences
this is EXACTLY the reason Trump should NOT have spoken to Putin w/o another US official present. Russia can frame that meet'g how they want
Sessions still lied in his confirmation meeting about ever having the meeting.
You are either complicit with Russia, in Trump's back pocket or willfully ignorant. DT set up Sessions to be the scapegoat & is the Leaker
Daily Caller?  Talk about fake news!
@MattMackowiak @DailyCaller A Wife informed husband was unfaithful NEVER cares about the source as much as the UNFAITHFULNESS
When you leak something proving illegal activity it's called whistleblowing, and protected under US law, John.
Hot damn, Republican senators could even flunk the reading section of a SAT
Please, if for the sake of your legacy alone, stop defending this traitorous administration. Unless you are part of #teamtreason
I see that you're struggling with the Constitution, Senator. "Constitutionalist"? LMFAO!
Also bad, treason.
on the takes one to know one front- you certainly have plenty of experience at burying the truth on heathcare
DAILY CALLER BREAKING: Trump Mouth-Breathers Reminded to Read Full Articles for Themselves and Critically
By buried you mean in the text of article?

...and the caveat is "Well...he might be lying?"
Word on the net, Team Trump leaked it.
They have to. You're not performing your oversight duties. Start doing your job. Country first AH.
not one from that awful paper can be trusted.
OMG!

A long-form news source posts information in long-form, and expects people to READ it?

SHOCKING!

Not everything is Twitter, John.
But is he guilty??? Yes!! Perjury Sessions!!!
You are going to be on the wrong side of history. Sad.
So in other words" just more bullshit"
Seriously Johnny! Ur again trying to bolster trump and his evil crap! Begone!
Johnny Cooked Cornyn spewing bullshit.  Your boss leaked to axe Sessions. You are in with Flynn.
AND more anonymous source data? Some "learker" needs to be punished. They actually think they can get away with this. MUST END.
If you won't man up and put country first, then more leaks are coming. Stop protecting the liar in chief.

.@JohnCornyn Read the article! It was clear from the beginning that the intercept was of what #Kislyak was reporting to superiors.
You're right, most can't get as far as the 8th paragraph into a newspaper article. Too many words.
@JohnCornyn is supporting #Traitors especially since the leak is from @realDonaldTrump @POTUS. Why don't you stand up to #Russia #Traitor
So the defense is the Russian may be lying? Do you have any problem with Russian interference in our election?
You are unbelievable. Please resign.
Ur voters are capable of reading the entire article. More difficult 4 us is believing you represent us instead of carrying H2O for 45
Really!? Ah yes, the lying AG is your buddy. Such integrity. #cornygoals
leaked from inside, your main man the President acknowledged truth of it in his tweets. He wants Sessions out.
POTUS is talking pardons and this is what concerns you. TRAITOR!
Yeah paragraphs 9-11 are pretty important. Its WaPo what else is new?
U seem more upset about this leak than about the fact Sessions lied under oath and may have colluded with the Russians. Why?
Just mind your own business. There is zero chance that you will say anything nice about an actual NEWSpaper.
Thank you Washington Post and free press!
WashPo is corrupt and no longer a viable organization.
I bet your friend at the White House leaked Cornyn!
Next it'll be the Enquirer!
Actually colluding with a hostile foreign power that wants to destroy the United States is more serious.
That's all you have to say, no condemnation of outside interference?  That's the best you got?
So when is Congress going to put a stop to this BS??
The leaks are a problem, but pale in comparison to the seriousness of the issues being raised on a daily basis by this administration.
What do you think about the content of the leak?
What'd you think when trump gave classified info to the Russians? How do you know trump didn't leak this as a way to get rid of Sessions?
Interesting how these "so-called leaks" were never an issue during Obama's 8 years. GOP should be more concerned about what's in those leaks
More Faked News!!!
Nothing but more garbage from the garbage purveyors. Lies, disinformation and misinformation is their product. Total MIJI.
Thank you, Trump Jr.
Thoughts? Top Republican: Controversy surrounding Susan Rice unmasking was 'created' by Devin Nunes http://read.bi/2ujA33n  via @bi_politics
Your protection of 45 is laughable, john. You're a traitor. What are you hiding? Complicit? Russia/Putin own you too? #TrumpRussia
Sorry, dude, but Trump already confirmed the leak this morning during his temper tantrum. Sucks to be tardy to the party, huh.
Yeah the Trump Administration deserves the benefit of the doubt. They never lie about anything.
Huh??
Yes, reading beyond the headline is always important. I noticed the reasonable caveat quickly.
Cornyn do you get direct deposit's from Vladimir Putin to your bank account as payment for your propaganda work?
Desperate enough to tweet daily caller? Wake up, John! Trump train derailing and you're still in dining car sipping drinks and talking shit
So it wasn't ok when trump gave classified info to the Russians (that came from Israel) in the WH. Didn't hear a word from you on that
Bless your heart.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
If none of this is true then why is Potus tweeting about pardons? Why hasn't Potus ever criticized Putin on human rights, Crimea, etc.?
lol.... talk to the white house
You're tweeting Daily Caller links? Did your subscription to Highlights expire?
I remember when the Daily Caller called Obama racist for adopting black dogs. That's some great journalism for great minds right there.
...and stated when @USAGSessions caught lying under oath claims to have misunderstood scope of question #liar
Let me get this straight. CIA pays a retail company, Amazon, millions... to leak to press, coup de ta @POTUS , and Senators stop them how?
Honestly, the way AG Sessions has behaved, I would find it hard to take his word over the Russians.....
The Daily Caller??? Are you kidding me?
also stated Kislyak has a history of not bolstering reports to Kremlin like the others #cherrypicking
OMIGOD. Eight Paragraphs! Americans can't read that many words.

The theme wasn't that Kislyak might lie (the sky is also blue, BTW...)
It took me like 3 minutes to read the whole article this morning. Nothing was buried deep within. Maybe WaPo assumes it's readers read.
There wouldn't be any leaks if y'all weren't a bunch of inept criminals trying to cover each other's a$$es. May you all drown.
So are you saying that Sessions is not guilty of lying under oath and working with the Russians?
I'm amazed ... opinion formed B-4 reading the end of the article.

Lying distortion of situation.
It wasn't buried, senator. Did you READ the article or just the reporting about it. I recommend reading before tweeting. Be responsible.
Leaking Classified information is a felony! Find the Leakers, Senator and prosecute them!
WHEN are Republicans going to STAND UP and DEFEND Trump? We'll vote you OUT if you don't start immediately.
#FireMueller
