interesting u weren't bent about the actual Russian Interference, just that Obama didn't want to favor HRC. Hmmm
Obama didn't want op-ed piece on this. He wanted proof from all intelligence sources. He was a real leader, you could learn a lot from him.
this isn't about a cover up. This is called a measured response. This kind of reason and awareness is missed in the WH.
What is your point? That @BarackObama obviously did the ethical thing, as opposed to you and that ape in the WH? #DoYourJob
When Obama wanted a bipartisan congressional investigation in Dec, he was stopped by Mitch McConnell. GOP does not have any high road here
Bless ur heart.
..or so HE, Comey say. Comey is dancing on double wire.
I don't know if you've read what you tweeted, but explain why Obama would hide Russian links to Trump's campaign
Get the evidence out to stop all the fake news.
not buying that after the HRC email debacle
mcconnell and ryan knew you probably knew also.  If he had revealed it you would have called him a liar trying to influence vote
I think you are crowing. As a Trump lackey and soon-to-be retired senator, you are glad that the Obama WH was apolitical. Good for your man.
So, I take it this starts the defense of YOU
Thanks for making President Obama look good!  You've admitted tampering, now go do something about it!
Thank you for admission. Now begin the healing by rooting out all the Russian stooges in WH. Do your job for country not party.
Because he's a god damn patriot who respects the law, the WH, and we the people. You? Not so much.
Why aren't the Clinton Russian connections being investigated as vigorously? There is PROOF of that!!!
you are the last person on earth who believes that. http://www.snopes.com/hillary-clinton-uranium-russia-deal/ …
Your response is to point fingers...wow.  Instead of coming out against Russia and their interference, like a true Patriot.
And that helped whom?  The Republicans. He was trying not to politicize the investigation. Not something you all have the integrity to do.
They're hiding something John. And you're just the guy to expose him and HRC and her cronies
For obvious reasons. if he had allowed you'd have been whining about interference in election. Your support for a traitor will be revealed.
This is an example of the INTEGRITY of the former administration. They wanted more proof before doing something that could effect election!
@GOP plays the blame Obama card that's a new one!
Had he acted sooner, Hillary would be president. Is that the outcome Cornyn wanted? *crickets chirping*
sad but typical behavior of white privilege-when worried about Russian party ties,  blame the black guy.    #LastTermCornyn
remember you tweeting Russian tampering was "hardly news". You admitted you, too, already knew and did zilch #yeahrightalmost
And ur point is? Gosh, maybe we could've prevented trump being elected and f'ing up this country so much! Is that it?
Your attempts to disparage an honorable man, Obama, while trying to protect the most corrupt President in history, makes you equally corrupt
Please tell the true Senator
I know a LOT of your constituents do- even the good ol' boys down here in Texas think he's incompetent at best and unconstitutional at worst
You should really stop, Senator-still blaming Obama is petty, pathetic and childish. If you have concerns about @POTUS legitimacy say so
Your bitching that Obama kept Comey from sinking 45* and @GOP loss of WH for 12 straight years? WTF?
Yeah, I  heard that last night on MSNBC & CNN. Doesn't make sense that Comey could go public about HRC emails but not this.
now about that overreach.....
Thought the news should b backed by agencies bc of Rs, I'm sure. McConnell threatened him with politicizing issues. Rs own our mess.
What's your point?  I'd get on the right side of this, if I were you. Time's almost up! #doyourjob #representme
go back to sleep. We'll tell you when we get there.
GOP COVER UP. INVESTIGATE NUNES & WH STAFF RUSSIA NO GORSUCH.
You mean that Obama is following legal protocol? Do your flunky staffers actually read the articles B 4 they post them?
So Russian tampering has been confirmed. Thank you Mr. Cornyn. Now go DO something about it!
UR THROWING OBAMA SHADE!!
Trump accused of collusion w/Putin to undermine American elections & you say not a single word about it publicly!
Do you ever actually read or think before you tweet? Serious question. Read this article and think about your tweet. #idiocy
Because it was an ongoing investigation un-verified by the other intelligence agencies?  Maybe to avoid the appearance of swaying election?
you know you would have pilloried him if he had given the ok.  We see through you.
yeah right...the man who went rogue against hatch amendment w/yet ANOTHER dead end investigation of HRC 2 WEEKS b4 election was thwarted....
Funny how he revealed info that was damaging to democrats & makes excuses for not revealing info damaging republicans
Because of a threat by @SenateMajLdr to President Obama.
You Know Trump is at the very least useful idiot for Putin, at worst a Traitor yet you continue to point at Obama? WTF is wrong w you?
It is time to stop the "but Obama.." defense.It stinks. You need to distance yourself from Trump or will sink with him
You’re confirming Russian tampering? Are we at a point we can bring charges or dismiss? You seem to be arguing with yourself.
I love this reply so much.
Why didn't GOP do the same thing to clintons emails? Investigate THEN reveal the TRUTH to us! Vote against this idiot in next election!
The audacity of the man..to not want to tip an election.  Damn you @POTUS44
