Together, not against each other. Single payer would be less expensive option! Removes burden on employer. For Profit care farce
"needs improvement," not replacement
yeah so how about working w/ those across the aisle to make it better?! 78610
As many people have said. You have had YEARS to work with Democrats to make the bill better. You didn't even expand Medicaid
and it is but your plan is just plain disastrous
.@JohnCornyn hey! Perfect! Weren't you JUST looking for a bipartisan project? Sounds like fixing the ACA is it! Good job, John! 
Start with Medicaid expansion in TX, then I will believe this tweet is sincere.
still better than what you were proposing. Find something that helps the masses, not the 1%, and then we'll chat.
that isn't the argument. You haven't been listening to your constituents. Give us a call we'd be happy to fill  you in.
we've known it needs improvement. But repealing was not the answer
You quote this as though it's surprising. Everybody knows that. Try coming up with something *better*.
improve, not repeal and replace.
this is what people, even Obama, have been saying for years, while you clowns have been casting show votes that were just BS
Agreed. So what were you doing for seven years?
Wait, I figured it out.
read the responses to your tweets sir (assuming you want to be re-elected in 2020-- it's a ways away, but we won't forget!)
The Rs voted over 50x to repeal. Let's fix. Start by Medicaid expand in all states. LOWER DRUG COSTS. Work with supply side.
Yeah. This is the Democrats' position. Get out of the way with your repeal and replace nonsense and let them fix it.
did I miss something?  I don't see an admonishment to repeal and replace... Senator get out of your echo chamber #Obamacare
Difference between improvement (fix) and replacement (burn it down). BTW @HillaryClinton ran on platform to improve ACA. Not a new idea.
YES! So get to work in improving it!!! Seven years of obstinate refusal and sabotage is way more than enough!!!!
I think everyone can agree on this.  Why don't you reach across aisle to find solutions to improve it.
then work on fixes,  nit repealing and replacing with something worse.
so work with Dems to improve it instead of repeal. It's not rocket science.
The democrats have been hoping for bipartisan work in its improvement for years.  Get on over to the adult table and work!
We've all been saying that for years. But you and all Rs were to busy chanting repeal repeal, rather than repair repair.
so improve it! Quit putting party over your constituents.
well sure. Improve it. Don't repeal and replace it. Obama was open to it. You all have had YEARS to work on it.
so stop repeal talk and fix it
yes it does!  You had 7 years to make fixes.  Work on it
So get off Twitter and go improve it!!  You're my Senator!  Improve healthcare for ALL Texans. Get to work.
Even people who like the ACA agree. It does need improvement. That's our Reps and Senators job. Represent us and start working.
, stand on the side of the American people & not your party. Lead instead of follow. Listen to your constituents, not dt's lies.
yes, America needs single payor like every other advanced nation. We would but U REPUBLICANS r sucking on the ins. Co. tit
what have you done the last 7 years to try and improve it? No one said it was perfect
Everyone knew that but u sat on ur hands doing nothing to help American families and we know it ...what u did was scare old and uneducated
Needs improvement...not a complete repeal and a horrible disaster of the plan your party presented.
Duh.
Yes! Fix it. Americans support that more than the totally partisan "repeal and replace."
That's what we have been saying; however, Rs are not listening! It needs tweaking not an overhaul!
so make it better. It the  you proposed was far from it.
no shit Sherlock. What are You doing to make it better?
Then work to fix it.
The AHCA was not an imporovement.
the Freedom Caucus wants single payer & or single payer. 

Midterm GOP will lose Congress
just repeal like has been promised for 7 years.We are fed up with how can we fool them today.Repeal. RINO doesn't work any more
great let's see improvement #HealthCareReform #keep
Yes it does. Single-payer Medicare For All National Health Plan is the answer.
Its infinitely better than anything greedy heartless Republicans could ever come up with
why did you try to make it worse?
I agree the ACA needs improvement.  One would think you would already have an improved plan after 7 years.
exactly right so why have YOU obstructed improving it for the last 7 years and focus on obstruct and kill ACA!
all of a sudden aligns himself with an AIDS foundation.  Is this a first?  If only it was for right reasons. #DoYourJob
it is still better than the dumb one Ryan put together
Duh! But what it needs are grownups in charge so they can make adjustments.
please listen to your supporters. NO IMPROVEMENT! We want REPEAL and REPLACEMENT with something BETTER!  Corp welfare.
of course it needs improvement...no Democrat believes it's perfect. Work with Dems to fix it.
unique idea, you can get suggestions from a town hall meeting
Medicare & Medicaid should be separated from private ins. to keep more transparency. This is a way to go back to free market.
Hello Captain Obvious! So what are you going to do about it other than whine? You've had 7 years to think on this.
Nobody ever said it was perfect but it needs to be made BETTER not worse.#DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS #TOWN HALL 75831
what you proposed was not an improvement. Instead of bitching, work with dems to fix it!!
No kidding. Will you start to work on it now that you have had an 8 year vacation from any digitations?
The GOP has done everything it can to create this. Step up and work on good legislation.
medicaid for the poor. Taxpayers are already paying for that. Let me choose my plan, my doctor.
ask any veteran how government handles healthcare. What next? Government manages my trip to the grocery store?
do you read my tweets that I send almost daily? Duh!We know it's not perfect so improve the exchanges, reduce cost to consumers.
why is government involved in a free market issue. I don't need congress to manage my life! LIBERTY!!!
, work with Dems instead of obstructing.  That's your job.
We've been wanting you to help improve it for 7 years. All you could do was say "no", "disaster", "implosion", etc.  Now is time
Well of course it can be improved. Improved, not gutted. Big difference.
Not even close, really far away!
Yes, nobody said it is perfect.  It does need changing, what will you do to fix it? How about adding "cross state lines?"
where HAVE you been that last 7 years.  I thought you were cashing checks from your handlers. But now.....
Then why don't you bring some ideas to the table and work for America instead of passing the buck.
aca is law of land, because gop is unable to govern, "never trump" gop conservatives, rhinos are unable to be statesmen.
And needs respect and courtesy and lack of ego from both sides of the aisle
lots of work needs to be done, call it Fix/Repeal/Repair it doesn't matter get some buy in from D's, and the reforms will pass.
literally everyone agrees Senator. This isn't a position held only by GOP. Just Dems see that #RetainAndReform could truly work
Then fix it - now go ask him how he felt about AHCA.
- Even your favorite scapegoat, Obama, said the ACA needs improvement. What's your point? You were trying to destroy not improve
duh
"Needs improvement" means improve it, don't scrap it. A real American would strengthen the ACA to help more Americans.
I agree. Time to help the people who fall in the gap- who make too much for Medicaid but not enough to be subsidized
Stop playing partisan politics and do what's right for the PEOPLE of this country. That's your job!
Get off twitter. Sit down with people on both sides of the aisle and make some serious proposals for positive changes.
Then propose improvements! Quit strutting around rattling your sabres and make some sensible proposals. GET TO WORK.
proud of my fellow Texans on here! Listen to them please Sen. Cornyn. Repair not repeal. ACA is not perfect let's make it better
Then you should probably build consensus with Dems to fix it.
but 24 million people still have their healthcare today since #tRumpcare #failed.
agreed! But the #ACHA was not the answer! Reach across the aisle and work with Dems to get bipartisan healthcare reforms for all
Work with @TheDemocrats to fix it.
No one denies that. For 7 years Rs had a chance to improve, instead worked to decimate. Let's work 2gether for the better.
He doesn't mean what you mean, John.  But please meet with him and get his input.  Big eye opener for you.  #ProtectOurCare
Nobody including Obama said it was perfect. Work to improve and Dems will work with you. Be a leader John instead of a shill.
So improve it. Quit sabotaging it.
agreed
you have refused to find ways to improve medical coverage for 7 yrs! Start earning your pay and work on it, really work on it
- GOP first effort failed miserably. Get back to work and give the people something better, and stop blaming others.
yes, but don't throw the baby out with the bath water
no shit, Sherlock.  That's why democrats have been trying to fix its faults for years, but your party kept voting them down.
Yes it does!! Now everyone get on board so American has the best health insurance in the world.. For Everyone!
So instead of working 2 undermine the bill (ala @marcorubio & Co.), improve it.Stop hating Pres. Obama & try to govern for once.
Don't throw the baby out with the bath water. The answer is not to destroy all & start over. Quit governing w/ego & use ur brain
, we're agreed. Obama even said the same thing. That's why GOP & Dems need to work together, compromise & govern. DO YOUR JOB!
Right. So work with us to improve it. While you're at it, work with us on WH corruption, lies, & ties to Russia.
No one I know who supports the ACA believes it is a perfect solution, but it surely beats no insurance.
Agreed. How about you get busy and DO YOUR JOB. My office isn't perfect either, but I'm still expected to work.
I bet there are Rs and Ds who care about their people who could make ACA better.   You in?
of course it does!  Get busy
humble yourself to work with democrats, listen to your constituents and improve the ACA.
of COURSE! No dem has EVER said it was perfect! If u jackasses had worked w the dems for the last 7 yrs, it would be better!
ALL dems know that you bonehead. Question is, what are YOU going to do about it? YOU and yours are in power, not dems.
You ever even read what you retweet?
then we should work to amend it . We also shouldn't punish those who chose not to enroll.
"needs improvement", not Repeal! GOP is in charge now. It's YOUR responsibility to rule. Can't just be the party of NO.  Govern!
SO HELP IMPROVE IT.
Then do your part to fix it and improve healthcare for all Americans instead of giving more tax breaks to the wealthy.
let's be reasonable and work on this
yes, please lead the way John
Yes, it does and Dems agree with that. But they will not agree to plans like AHCA, which is nothing but #wealthcare.
So why haven't you tried to find bipartisan solutions for the past 7 years instead of just being obstructionist? #DoYourJob
improvement. Not repealing.
YES! So improve it. Don't replace your known house with leaks under the slab with an untested new house!  You know what needs fixing.
Get more healthy people to spread the costs of the sick out. Do more price negotiation to get costs under control. Offer Medicare to buy.
so how about GOP work with Dems to fix the law, instead of destroying it.
#FullRepeal
yes improvement, not repeal. Big difference John.
yes, it does need work! Will you reach across the isle to Senator Sanders and work constructively to make the ACA better?
This information people who can do more than recite "repeal and replace" have known for a few years. Glad you could join us.
Dems have been saying that for YEARS. You are talking back to yourself, John.
I never heard anyone say ACA was perfect, including Pres. Obama. Your input to improve the law would be welcome--he asked for it
A it is the job of both parties to work together for the betterment of all citizens @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible @dallasnews
John American troops are being killed by Russian supported Taliban you do nothing about it!
.@JohnCornyn yet you had 7 years to come up with an improvement and instead came up with a miserable failure. #kickcornyntothecurb
, that's right, improvement.  NOT repeal and replace. IMPROVE. Something your party has had 8 years to consider.
Yes. Exactly. IMPROVEMENT. Not removing EVERYTHING from the ACA that kept costs down and improved access to care for most people
I don’t think people are disagreeing that it needs improvement.  You are framing the wrong argument.
few disagree.  What's ur point
improvement. Not decimation.
The only thing that will make y'all the heroes here is single payer, medicare for all.
This is true. ACA needs improving. But not the version you put forth. Ask your constituents! That's who can help you!! Townhall!
I am far from perfect and need improvement. Please don't repeal me. Nothing is perfect,what have you tried to improve it?
So improve it! You've got the Senate, the House and the White House; do something that benefits the American people instead of self serving
You ran on repeal.  Then supported bill that didn't repeal.  Stop blaming others for breaking seven years of promises.
No one said ACA was perfect. There's always room for improvement. Your constituents are asking you to help us. Help me, help you
GOP had 7 years to Improve it.  Just saying.  And BTW ☟☟
.@JohnCornyn No one disagrees with this statement. Definitely needs improvement, not repeal & replace. Low-income Americans need this, Sir.
Literally everyone has been saying this. Where's ur bipartisan effort to improve it? Oh, right. You'd rather obstruct and blame.
OK, lead, follow, or get out of the way. Drop your toxic partisanship.
so improve it. It's the law, and that's your job.
simple. Work on improving it vs partisan posturing.
indeed, will you work with us to improve it rather than tear it down? We can suggest many ideas for improvement if you'll listen
Then work on improving it instead of trying to pass a bill that guts Medicaid and gives the biggest tax breaks to the wealthy.
so do the hard work to improve it not repeal it and make it worse! How hard is that to understand?
Yet everything else you and your cronies have presented is WORSE. Some healthcare is better than none.
