What the hell he is talking about. My child gets 19 days supply medication for $8,250. She needs it another year. That is what OC pays.
True and you ALL better be supporting the President. We are watching... #MAGA
Republicans who supported and voted for Trump of course!
Go down among normal people and see how they live. It does not look like top %2 living. They don't have the coverage congressmen does.
Get us better - but not what you are currently trying to push on us,, your party has lost all credibility-dump trump -bring on bible boy
No. It should be improved, but it is not fraud. It had given millions of people insurance for the first time.
It is not and the bill you have to replace it is. The people in this country are not stupid, they can read.
Well…totally agree….now if we can just get the Dems, Libs,  #MSM focused on making America better instead of hatred & their political agenda
As opposed to the #GOP's political agenda?  While there certainly is partisanship on BOTH sides there is also a wide ideological divide.
Well…you’re right…believe that one party seems disruptive, intent on destroying @POTUS; the other wants to #MAGA…common goal put America 1st
The problem is that the gulf between the two is HOW we go about putting America 1st. Many believe that #TRUMP is a threat to that goal.
Well, all out effort to impeach, frustrate, compromise, inhibit and delay isn’t helping America. I struggled w/ O but accepted he was Pres.
Like McConnell did when Obama was president (other than impeach since Obama wasn't in bed with our enemies).
Well…you can’t be serious….
Finally..someone speaking unvarnished truth
well said!
The only way for America to have great healthcare is by forcing Congress to live on what they pass!

Hi @ChuckGrassley - I'd like to report a senior Republican official colluding with Russia's Marakov, his name is "Chuck Grassley" cc @FBI 
Oh shut up!!!!
Then quit dicking around and #RepealObamacare now!
What hype!  How bout Bernie Madoff as the worst case?  Millions benefit from ObamaCare.  Dont you care about that?  Apparently not.
Wrong.
Then why is:nt Obama and all those involved standing before a Grand Jury.  They have violated the constitution,AGAIN////////
"BathHouse" Barry & Miss "FootBall Shoulders" Michaele did it. Typical DC swamp dwellers.  http://bit.ly/2qNmdWG 
The Fraud is that democracy can survive "Money is Speech"
I agree.  Establish a National Health System for all Americans. Conception to grave coverage. No insurance needed.  NHS sets service fees.
Hope you need it someday. Can't wait until that happens.
Thus far you have wasted 5 months pushing your stupid ideologies! many other issues. But you just hate that name Obama right?
you & republicans can fix it very easy by simply repealing it, then pass laws that will allow free markets, competition across the country
Yes,better...but not worse .....what you republicans offer for people now
If that's what you truly believe, then give us single payer

.@JohnCornyn sir, you are a fake senator. This is the official dispatch: he is the "Mr Fraud"
Wrong you undermined its success.  You caved to insurance cos. And big Pharma by not addressing costs and blocked improvements.
We do deserve better, try working towards better
you all are the biggest threat to the whole world ever in recorded history
My understanding @JohnCornyn is that Republicans and their insurance special interests set ACA up to fail. Fix ACA or single payer.
Oh I agree and the fraud is the GOO who caused its failure on purpose. Liar should be ashamed
Meh. GOP shill gonna shill.
"people deserve better"
We do deserve better. Affordable healthcare for everyone!
What is your idea of better?  Tax breaks for old rich assholes and taking away poor people's only affordable healthcare? #DoYourJob
No, I believe Enron, Madoff & Wells Fargo rank higher.  And let's not forget Trump University.
Fraud?  What about your insurance? Good for you - good for us?
Alternative Facts out of your pie hole Cornyn all bull S..t you are a phony A Hole like BEAUREGUARD Session a RACIEST TRUE
.@SenateGOP weakened the ACA & caused many of its problems. Right @SenJoeLieberman ?
U guys need to stop Trump!  He's the nut job not Comey.  Comey was used during campaign by the Russians!!!
You people are being played by @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  The party that let a #traiteur in the @WhiteHouse @BuzzFeedNews @CNNPolitics
Please define better.
Too bad your plan isn't better. What else ya got?
your just out of touch I'm guessing. This bill is nothing @realDonaldTrump promised. Tragic for my daughter w autism
works for our family!! Been on ind healthcare 4 20yrs. Tragic till Ocare.The ins comp are the prob. Mill will suffer
You are right. But American people have become sheep.they follow the Dems and media. Need to boycott both. Leading to disaster
You being elected to office is the largest case of consumer fraud!  What a joke.   So you'd rather kick millions out of healthcare right?
Then you and our Republican Congress need to follow through with your campaign promises.
The largest, I'd assume, would be the corporate income tax. Which of course we, not corporations, pay when ever we buy something from them.
Then take a step back, open eyes & hearts, appreciate its contribution to nation, and reform 4 the better. Stop blind partisan obstruction.
And, BTW, bashing the solution the other team got through isn't working together,
I wish, and I know a lot of my fellow citizens wish, that you would stop making healthcare a partisan issue. Work together.
The ACA is the best solution proposed so far to a difficult problem. It is imperfect, but the AHCA is not an improvement.
Time to repeal it only, no replacement necessary.
where is @marcorubio when you need him?
How about dangerous fraud in the White House, Senator? Step up and do the right thing!
AHCA is fraud. Cornyn is a fraud.
Just another #lieanddeny Republican.I remember when GOP did care about people.Remember when Nixon started the EPA?
How about political fraud, that of @realDonaldTrump He is the most fraudulent person ever to hold an office!
Keep talking. Americans need affordable health care. But of course you are exempt and feed off our tax money to pay for yours.
Why not Fix it? Repeal n replace seems like @SenateGOP just wants 2 win a pissing contest!
Obamacare is $40,000yr for fam of 4, with a 2000$ deductible to then pay 80% in chatt tn!  My premium before Obamacare $9000! Happy obama?
No John, that would be you.
@JohnCornyn is a real tough guy.  You can tell bc he's not afraid to speak in front of those empty seats.     
Have a town hall in my city.
If your idea of "fraud" is getting affordable healthcare to millions of people then I think we should have some more 'fraud.'
Yes lets focus on those huge tax cuts for the rich!  You know, the people who pay for your seat!
No, the GOP congress is!
Not quite, Sen Cornyn. Look at drug and insurance companies. Repeal and replace won't fix that.
Lies lies and more lies. John Cornyn is a horrible human being. Touting his words is despicable.
Reliance on medical insurance for the best care is the fraud. People of all incomes should have access to good quality affordable healthcare
They should of called it OBAMASCARE! My son had to go bankrupt because of a hospital bill when 25. Accident. It really is MEDIBROKE. Sucks
Ah. From voter fraud fraud to healthcare fraud fraud. What a fraud.
and Trumpcare will essentially end the lives if millions b/c they won't B able to afford it @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC
Persnly, I thnk DEREGULATION is the lrgst cause of consumer fraud. It sounded good re competition but gave rise to monopolies or near so.
It certainly brought about end of most hometown newspapers!
This guy refuses to meet with his constituents, only cares about cash and cameras. How would he know what we need?
Then please undo the harm that you the GOP have done to the ACA.  You now own healthcare and what you have done it it
No the largest case of consumer fraud was when the #GOP endorsed a Russian agent to be #POTUS. #JusticeisComing
The GOP is the biggest case of consumer fraud. We deserve better than you.
You could care a less about "the people". All you care abt is making a profit off of us.
But as long as you hated a black president so much you let government stand still. What the heck right?  Screw the american people
You have health insurance. Your rich. Why should you care? Right?  Don't stand there and lie to the people. The GOP is worthless
I hope you and the GOP follow Trump to jail.
@JohnCornyn To get Ocare Affordably, I was told to lie about my income! Has anyone looked into this?
Why are doctors opting out of Medicare now? I needed a specialist,but they all opted out? Has ObamaCare invaded Medicare too?
I'm a constituent Complete Repeal. FreeMarket HealthCare instead
Can you HONESTLY say Trumpcare is better?
And don't forget to tell about the fat cats dirty rich by sucking moneys from insured persons sometime giving them nothing back for this!
Well dictator Obama learned well from the masters....the Clinton's
People with "insurance" that didn't cover anything was a large case of consumer fraud — the ACA got rid of that.
You are the largest fraud I have ever seen.  You and your entire party. 2018 cannot come soon enough. Vote democratic.
"...largely because I don't understand what 'consumer fraud' means."
I do not see your worthless, corrupt party doing anything but running your mouth, sending this country down a path of ruin for your pocket.
Texas has so many wonderful people ... you are a sorry representative
the people the citizens deserve better than your globalist open border crap
The ACA has provided some of the few consumer protections we *have* when it comes to the health insurance industry.
I remember well when ins. companies sold policies that covered basically nothing. Yes, we know the ACA has problems. Problems you could fix.
You and the #GOP are soft to the core. I've rarely agreed with the GOP agenda, but this #Russian deal proves you're only in it for the show.
The largest fraud is you! Taking Medicare $$ to give the wealthy a tax cut! You are going to pay for this shit show
You got tapped by Trump for a job. That's all we need to know about how corrupt you are, Senator.
you have a way with words, much like your boss, that divides the nation. hence, you talked your way out of your coveted FBI Director job.
Well, then here is your chance. Give the People better. That would requires completely abandoning the entire House bill and starting over.
Utterly ridiculous and you know it. Shameful and craven.
Facts elude you, peolle have healthcare that couldn't ever get it before. Grow up and face facts.
You're a small pathetic little failed lawyer.
- Trump WH interfering w/ ACA markets. Also, fix the ACA rather than voting for tax cut for wealthy disguised as HC!
"If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor." Yes indeed, fraud by any other name would be Obamacare.
All those ladies having babies and want coverage are such frauds. /s #resist #resign #Impeach #TrumpRussia
Deserve better like getting stabbed in the god damned back?!?! #shame #gofuckyourselves
Cornyn would know what his constituents think about this if he held town halls & listened.
And instead of fixing it for the people, you want to fix it for the insurance companies. Awful leadership.
when you say people, do mean human beings or corporations i.e. Insurance companies? Drug companies? Wall St.? the top Wealthy? please reply
So why did you not try to help fix it?  we all know it's because Mr.Obama's name was on it. Your way of fixing is to give yourselves tax cut
All #Americans deserve #honesty, & #loyalty; especially from our elected officials.
GOP actively sabotaged ACA. still doing & hurting people. Work w/ dems & give us Medicare 4 all or single payer!
Of course since the @GOP purposely went out of their way to do everything to screw it up. Like Texas not allowing Medicaid to help the poor!
@realDonaldTrump promised a big beautiful wall and all I've gotten is this lousy special counsel #consumerfraud
 now open markets, personal accountability, no price discrimination, #MedicareForAll, and interstate insurance! Kill Medicaid!
Trump defender, enough said.
Consumer fraud is what the GOP commits every day against the American people. The lies just aren't working anymore. Americans are on to you.
OMG! Did I just read that caption correctly? 
MY RESPECTS SIR!
I've thought that for years. 
You have my vote & respect, sir. 
Thank you!
GOP helped the biggest fraud @realDonaldTrump get elected.#Impeach45
No. Insurance Companies are the fraudulent ones. You should spend more time investigating other major players in this "healthcare crisis"
So give US something better dumss!!!
If that is true...Why do you not just Repeal such a bad law. Then design a free market plan without Gov. control.
Stop. Talking. You embarrass Texas every day.
So give us the same insurance congress gets paid for by tax payers! #RUSSIA #INVESTIGATE #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad #fakecongress
well duh. you hate women and sick people and have no moral compass. P
Really?!?! Considering the circus going with your party, I'd say you sold the American people a huge bottle of snake oil.
Maybe you should talk with people in the Medical Field who aren't fooled by this.  Get those BIG Insurance companies out of your pockets!
Improve upon the great work of the ACA. Have a single payer plan and help those with preexisting conditions and the poor and aged.
You're right! We do deserve better. Can you please pass me your coverage? #hypocrite
-we the people deserve:
An honest POTUS
Government without self interest
Healthcare-ACA
Affordable education
HONESTY
Consumer fraud by the insurance companies was happening before ACA.  ACA provided a level set and an outline on coverages to compare plans
Misleading Grand OLD Party propaganda
U people had years and years to come up with a plan. .... Crickets .....
Resign
just about to late for my dad.  by the time congress gets this straight my dad will have endured.
You're disgusting, senator. Regurgitating lies doesn't make something suddenly true.
You can do better fraud?
1). You're wrong.     2).  See 1).
If the people deserve better then why are you trying to screw us over with your POS AHCA bill?
To many Americans the @SenateGOP & the @HouseGOP are the largest cases of fraud in our country!
Consumer fraud thats saved lives?! Hmmm, not a likely comparison
Then work across the aisles to fix it!!!
Then FIGHT FOR OUR PRESIDENT!!
You are a fraud and a liar.
Yes we do. We deserve single payer
Universal Health care like in Europe.Trying to push your crap so you can cut taxes for rich- we are watching you.Why not work for us @txlege
Many have benefited from the #ACA. Irresponsible to refer to it as fraudulent as you attempt to undermine it. Improve it don't remove it.
Texas deserves better than you @JohnCornyn America deserves better. Although there are some Turkish bodyguards I think you would like
Agree!
Seriously? You work for the biggest fraud.
I suggest you watch all the Republican town halls on healthcare. Angry constituents, angry voters. U all will be out
@GOP is THE largest case of government fraud I've seen in my 67 years
lies, lies, and more lies. You all are single handedly, to include 45, will destroy your own party.
And your laughable AHCA is better? Nope. #MedicareForAll it's past time.
No you....you sir, are a bigger case of consumer fraud! Ur constituents assumed u would support them NOT ur party! They were wrong!
you are really becoming a complete and utter embarrassment.
this plan only lines the pockets of the very wealthy...as does all the other crap u all r trying to push.
U R absolutely right&u Republicans better stand strong &support our President Trump! Don't let Dems destroy him!
single payer would be the best bet for America. All Americans have coverage, insurance industry evens out.
Glad you recognize it Senator... I hope you support our president and find a solution quickly for the American people
read the LA Times today? Exact opposite of the lies u r tying to sell. Trump Russia
Speaking of consumer fraud, have you seen some of the things trump has signed in behalf of America (CONSUMERS)? Tax break for business!

Governing is tough, eh Maj Whip. 8 years targeting 44, & GOP remains the gang that couldn't govern positively.
Biggest fraud is you and your party only looking out for the insurance companies
Not consumer fraud for the millions who can now afford ins, disproportionately the poor, women and children.
So do something about it - stop whining and #DoYourJob.
You have gone all in with your mango messiah, haven't you? Succeed together or go down together?
What you are offering the people are masses tax cuts for the Rich and a don't give a damn attitude for anyone else.
Just stop, please.
Here's a thought. If you're so sure you're on the side of the people, how about giving us a town hall?
