Every time you say her name, I put away money to donate to your future political opponent.  
You were such an embarrassment.   #maketexasblue....you are toast
Complete waste of time and money.  Thanks so much
Richard W. Painter @RWPUSA  
 Congress won't get the answers it needs until Sessions is held in contempt. 
  Retweet  2.0K   
Liked 4.0K   
Can't recall!
Sessions either lied when he says he can't recall or his memory is so poor that it would prevent him from doing a good job as AG.  Which one
are you not concerned that @jeffsessions displayed NO INTEREST in #russiahack made up law as he went along, and evidently has no memory ?
He didn't testify to anything but amnesia!
He did not serve our nation well
waste of valuable legislative time. while ahca, tax reform, federal court appts linger, congress is wasting time on investigating ghosts.
Withholding testimony of interactions with Trump due to possibility of future executive privilege?Why is everyone hiding Trump conversations
You mean dodges?
CLINTON CLINTON CLINTON   John I think it's love!!
You should be concerned about how many things he can't recall.
One would think attention to detail would be one of the general job requirements...
Right!!!
How good can any attorney be if he/she can't recall details. Sure wouldn't want him/her representing me. Oh wait ... he does.

crap
Everyone has that thing they do when lying. His is most definitely "I do not recall." And also generally looking like a deer in headlights.
You should be ashamed to have voted for AG who can't remember anything from 6 months ago. His poor memory is almost as bad as collusion.
You embarrassed us yesterday. Again. His testimony was inconsistent and dodgy and you couldn't even be bothered to call him on it.
I am conducting a study to determine why people that have extraordinarily large craniums have such small brains.  You would be perfect!
He never seemed to be able to answer the questions on Trump and Russia. He can stonewall with the best of them. Can you say cover-up?
Why are you holding ZERO committees for the ACHA? The Dems held over dozens for the ACA. Don't be a hypocrite. Texans deserve better....
Sen Int Comm questioning; Im seriously doubting it's capabilities! Ask appropriate questions! Make him answer! Everyone's evading! Seriously
credit where credit is due. You did a good job today. AG Sessions also did a superb job of dispelling fake news and leaks.
Bot.
TestiLied
Republicans are try to repeal the aca...again
You're clearly #GOPbeforeAmerican
When will your wife be getting a job with Trump like McCain and McConnell wife ?  Soon I figure
Lord, you are an embarrassment to TX. Guess u "can't recall" who you work for. When is your check from Russia coming in?
He already has a pocketful of checks that's why he doesn't give a s**t about Tx, AHCA, or anyone in USA. Complete traitor.
AG sessions lies and refuses to answer questions. Also very intimidated by a woman.
A shame the questions they put at him of his integrity! Democratic socialistic progressives out of their minds.
Not falling for distractions from the heinous actions being taken with healthcare. What happened to transparency you insisted Obama follow?
I share the embarrassment of our State in your performance, more importantly, the lack therrof.
Wow, Goebbels would be proud in equating testifies with invoking privilege and dancing around answers

Heil Trump
So tell us again why you declined the FBI job?  We know why...you know trump's going down.
Who do you work for??? America??? Hard to tell! Why are you defending & looking to excuse Russia from harming our democracy?
Correction: AG Sessions dodges, forgets, and vomits perjury.
He's an avowed racist and we do not support him as AG. It's an outrage.
Sessions is Making Contempt of Congress Great Again
I know you're feeling mighty proud of your party right now Senator.  And you should, they've certainly earned your admiration.
“@JohnCornyn: AG Sessions testifies ”
Where was your outrage when Sessions refused to answer questions w no legal basis?  Aren't you a lawyer?
If only he would answer the questions... His memory loss is concerning.
Trump told him to deflect & stall & you know they were all in the mtg giving 45 the loyalty pledge, the nazi salute & praising him.
Are you auditioning for a cabinet position? You, @marcorubio & @SenTomCotton sure are obsequious enough to serve the emperor wannabe
Why the secrecy senator? Is the bill mean as your president describes? It must be bad if he said it.
2 bad u didn't do anything but defend him!Recused himself from anything campaign related, i.e. Hillary emails as well as Russia!
As such, he should NOT have been invoked in Comey firing even if the first pathetic excuse for the reason is accepted as "true"
You are a traitor to your country!
You are so fos. Why didn't you have an issue with Comey and the emails WHEN HE ACTUALLY DID IT??? Oh, yeah, because it worked. #Corrupt @GOP
Better let the press question you on it
What an incompetent line of questioning on your part.This inquiry is NOT about HRC. It is about Russian interference. Sad. #TrumpLapDog
Uh, want to explain the softballs you lobbed at sessions? You didn't ask anything of significance. Who are you protecting?
These hearings are a f*cking joke, it's never about the actual problem (Russian Collusion) you all must be part of @realDonaldTrump's clan 
Did you notice the United States Attorney General just admitted he never asked for/received a briefing on Russia's attack on our election?
You never shut up about the HRC secret investigation. Amazing. Intel meetings leaked like a sieve.
You're full of& unfit to legislate.Cease&desist from my healthcare. #SessionsPerjury #SessionsHearing #TrumpRussia
Read this to find out why Sessions is lying his arse off.
#Mayflower #MayflowerHotel #SessionsHearing https://twitter.com/newyorker2212/status/874421932904644608 …
Interesting how he can answer repubs not dems. So much he can't recall. Too old for the job?

Lawyers weigh in  https://twitter.com/aclu/status/874730460345245698 …
Really.  The GOP Congress and Senate had no objection to  releasing hacked American  material s for months. Never heard a word. Hacks
Your performance during the Sessions hearing was disgraceful. You're a traitor to your country and no patriot. Shame on you.

Somehow it's only when Comey/Russia come up that Trump admin officials clam up and make up standards to avoid answering questions
You are doing great looking out for a fellow klansman .  Sessions is lying  you know that as well.  Karma is the great equalizer!!!!
Yesssss!!
Oligarchs represented by New FBI firm are billionaires via Putin grab of Russian resources. Bother you? Part of Trump financial interest?
Don't make us laugh - You loved what Comey did about Clinton matter. Shameless hypocrisy. You are just another Trump Toady!
Who are you investigating?  Comey or Russia-Trump tangles
As a Texan, I can't wait to see you get voted out of office.  Your policies suck as much as you do. You lack the balls to stand up to Trump
Sen., are you aware new FBI dir. is lawyer in firm representing two Russian gov't rel. corporations possibly involved in Trump $ interests,
All you can do is read crap??? Can you ask an actual question?? Worthless
You're just another brown nosing GOP.
Shame on you for putting party before Country!
Better read ur feed ur not liked ur days are numbered in office.
Trump himself said that Russia investigation was why he fired Comey.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Ask yes or no Q's.
Tired of word games from Sessions.
He's lying to protect Rump the traitor. Abort that sinking ship
Keebler nazi is lying through his teeth! AG never rc'd Russian briefing, utter BS!!
Russian conversation = GOP continued amnesia

@JohnCornyn you suck and we all know it
Warner keeps shutting down @jeffsessions answers.  
I bet the insurance companies know what's in the  ahca.   Hell, they probably wrote it.
To be fair, they also wrote the ACA.
You mean he is back lying! What h gonna do about it? Nothing im sure!
I wish he crap  every time he lies
That's not Dana Carvey?
Sessions is a lying piece of shit, just like the rest of the GOP. Jail time for all traitors to America.
So proud of this administration.  

Sessions telling it like it is.
God Bless AG Sessions!
And shifts the blame of his lies to God. #Complicit #hypocrisy #SessionsHearing #resist
I think what you meant is, "AG Sessions lies."
Hey John real questions today? Let me help... AG Sessions tell me how you being recused from Russia & firing Comey over Russia is possible?
John. Today @bpolitics published an article saying the Russians were able to hack 39 states. Refresher that's a lot we have 50 states.
Now. Riddle me this... knowing that Why In the Hell are you asking about Hilary's emails? You ridiculous partisan hack!!
Cornyn has this thing about Hilary. He can't seem to get her out of his mind.
Cornyn is from TX, he's stupid & he has no interest in investigating Russia. He dwells on Hillary b/c he thinks that's all TX wants to hear.
Why are you conducting the AHCA drafting in secret? What are you ashamed of?
Ditto Tim what Andy said Senator!!!!
Damn autocorrect.  "To" not "Tim"...
Shouldn't u be listening instead of taking pictures & posting? Do what we Texans elected u to do...represent us!
Don't forget to ask about Hillary emails. #TrumpObstruction
answer your phone John
cool pic jim
