I don't remember following this John Cornyn parody account.
Even sadder is the simple fact that American's have accepted our politician's lying to us so that when @GOP invited Russia we didn't notice
Ah. Yes, John. The ones you and every other Republican locked on to during the election. Do I sense regret?
When will you call out DT's false stories? He tells them pretty much every day, and yet you continue to stand with him. You're now him. Sad.
Posted by the guy that just quoted a #Breitbart article a few days ago. #TownHall to discuss #TrumpRussia? #ironic
Oh, huh! So who did it first, Russia or Fox News?
Sounds like the news media in the US.
Russia seems to have a hold on this country too thanks to our Commander in Chief and his cohorts and a complicit GOP.
Maybe listen to your constituents now?
Well, yeah....recall the election and misinformation that aided Trump to get elected
The planting of false stories is nothing new for republicans. You and you're rich comrades are doing everything u can to hold on to power
You and you're party are a powerful Russian weapon. You're complicit with Trump and his Putin connections. #PartyOfLiars #traitor
I'm really confused now...why aren't you pushing for an independent investigation and for Trump to release his taxes?
So you admit the stories about Hillary were fake.
C'mon John. This is not new. DT uses fake news all the time.  What's up?  Are we going to learn some dirt on the GOP and you're worried?
You comment on Russian interference....but not one peep about the assault on your own country. The country you were elected to protect.
Cornyn, you wouldn't know the truth if it walked up and bit you.
For a leading R to worry about FAKE NEWS and disinformation is beyond the pale.  Sn Cornyn have you been watching DC lately?
#PartyShill #Traitor #Coward #MajorityWhimp John has no words of his own. He hides behind twitter account and won't meet with constituents
It's more important than ever to demand an independent investigation into Russian collusion with DT team. Tax returns!
Like on Breitbart?
Seems to work for 45 and enablers too
#Trumprussia What are you going to do about this?
Great question. @JohnCornyn is on the Senate Intel Committee. What's the plan?
And the @GOP happy to provide a platform for those stories during the 2016 campaign. Shame!
so when are you going to insist congress appoint an independent council to investigate Russian interference in our election?
Worked for Trump!
Yup; and it looks like you fall for them all, hook, line, and sinker.  #townhall to discuss?
Add to that, involvement in our elections, the subject that you avoid at all costs. Hypocrisy, thy name is Cornyn.
Absolutely and you and your republican buddies (including Fox News) helped propagate every one of those Russian lies and didn't say a word.
It's all relevant until it has to to with #POTUS is it? #GOP has a double standard
And that is exactly the reason we have Trump as president.  Strange that you just now admit it.
Your a little late coming to the table with this one
your dissonance astounds me. Do you even read these pieces before you tweet them? #dobetter
So you would agree that the U.S. has been the target of an information warfare attack?
One side or the other Senator. Can't have both.
 Um, don't EVER quote the NYT on anything, ok please!
Same as you
Does it worry you at all that they used they're misinformation machine to seize control of your party and get DJT elected? It should.
So powerful, in fact, it lead to an illegitimate POTUS.
Wow, it could easily read a '@GOP weapon' Good thing people are waking up to you lie peddlers
@realDonaldTrump 
It shows an inability to think critically among Americans. Consider the bizarre Pizzagate.
This sounds like what POTUS does too. Spread false stories about cos that are investing because of his policies. BS!
So let's have an independent investigation  to see if this might have happened a little closer to home, too, Senator.
We need an independent investigation.
Duh! How else do you think @realDonaldTrump got elected!?!?
That's how Russia influenced the election. Thanks for mentioning.@IndivisibleTeam @DFWIndivisible @AltStateDpt
Reads like @FoxNews is a branch of RT.
GOP bought into Russian fake news when they voted Trump & Breitbart into WH. When will Russia sanctions be expanded?#constituent
This is how Trump was elected.
@JoeNBC @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @SenateDems @realDonaldTrump   So Senator Cornyn,  Do you think there is a possibility that ...
Tell me that Russian interference in the election isn't a news flash for u, b/c that would be sad.  Now ask for independent investigation
And yet you and the #GOP drag your feet on investigating Russian corruption of Presidential advisors and the election process... what gives?
Senator Cornyn Trump won on an America First platform.  That means less intervention around the world.  Stories like these push for more.
Considering worlds top botnet kingpin arrested in Spain yesterday by @FBI request, I'm sure we'll hear all about it when he takes the stand.
Wow proof is in what you say? Since #trump is biggest #fakenews generator he must be one of #Putin's powerful Russian weapons!
When have you challenged any demonstrably False Stories that push your world view? We should have some town halls, and you can show position
Propaganda
It's actually Democrats spreading get the false stories.
Is English not your first language?
So call DT on HIS false stories! He has one pretty much every day. continue to stand with him. You've become him. Very sad, as DT says.
So, @JohnCornyn, what will you do about it? These false stories were used against our democracy, resulted in illegitimate election. New one?
Not just a Russian weapon. False stories abound everywhere it seems.
It's also a powerful Trump weapon. And, in fact, it's how he got elected.
I guess your a Hillary fan!!
I think they learned that from or main stream media?
And did you promote any of these stories? We all know you don't read articles you share beyond the headlines and LOVE to hate on Obama.
