Well, yeah. For one thing, it makes American consumers pay for the wall, after having paid for it via taxes. We're paying twice.
u don't even live in Texas.
So? I should have to pay twice for a useless wall?
go lobby ur own congressman.
maybe you didn't notice Sen Cornyn is a member of the Senate leadership. That goes beyond Texas. And I do lobby mine.
I'm voting him out anyway when he comes up for re-election. So have at it
So far Trump is going over about as well as the  Hindenburg.  You must be thrilled.  He needs to be evaluated by a psychiatrist.
abt as thrilled as these guys who all just resigned
They didn't resign they were fired media got it wrong again. Stop being sheeple!
stop getting triggered monkey
Ahhhh shit! Red wine and cats. That explains it all LOL.
guess a bud and a pitbull would be more your speed?
Oh hello no! A couple Vicodins and the good video game. LOL
pass on the vics, but I game all the time, Im in the middle of my dailies atm
guess we will start buying things made in the U.S.A again. 
Hmm, I'm voting u out anyway next election but Yes to the tax.
He does to others what he believes is done to him. It's all about HIM! He cheats and thinks others cheat! He's not FAIR!
@maggieNYT yes that 20% tax on Mexican goods will have a major impact on Texas. Is that good, Sen. Cornyn?
it's to stop American companies that move to Mexico and take our jobs. How hard is that to understand?
actually that 20% import tax was in response to paying for the wall. That means taxpayers pay twice!
this simply means that we Americans (Texans!) will pay for 45s wall in higher cost of product.  Stand up to him!
Which questions have YOU asked?
big john. Big bad john.
"The answers will come", said an American who has been given hope again.
Yeah well suck it buttercup that's your president and your party speaking. #wallshurteveryone
add this to the mountain of unanswered questions that have emerged in the last seven days...
Please have @realDonaldTrump speak with economic advisors before signing a border tax law. Prices of Mexican goods skyrocket??
As your constituent, I am asking you to stand up to Trump and his Wall policy. This will be devastating to TX. I'm watching.
it's not a "border adjustment tax," it's a #TrumpTax, @JohnCornyn. You gonna raise taxes on American consumers to pay for it?
it would be voluntary.  who says you HAVE to buy a product from Mexico?  You could buy an American made product.
your office will be receiving a phone call from me shortly 
He won't answer 
I got through to his Houston office today at 713-572-3337.
It does work! Just called!
Finally some reason
please stand up to this populist nonsense. These are not GOP principles!
Ya think?
NO to wall. NO to import tax. NO to @realDonaldTrump lies. YES 2 seeing his taxes. YES to divesting his biz @GOP YES to ACA
Who will pay to maintain the wall?  Better not be Texas.
Then say "No."  People before party.
I would like for YOU to publically back our new President.
when do the adults on GOP led Congress show up? You all are enabling him to destroy alliances that've kept us safe.
vote no one Jeff Sessions stand up for civil rights
Mexico will pay Wall? Now, Wall will be paying from taxes of US consumers and US producers (GM, Ford, ect).
It's funny because Mr. Trump haven't payed taxes for years
this could greatly affect the Rl Paso and Texas economies. How did we as a party FORGET our free trade principles...stand up
@maggieNYT I have a question. How much do republicans have to put the American people through before impeaching it?
You planning to get some answers, buddy? Oh, and tell @tedcruz to answer his phone.
Please stand up against the wall idea. Focus resources on healthcare and education.
Please ask the questions. Stop anything that goes against your values
such a lack of conviction in your tweet. You know it's a bad idea and you should strongly speak out..not waffle over "questions"
yea like how deep in the earth will it penetrate to avoid tunnels and what about drugs being dropped off by drones
does anyone in the GOP understand taxes any more?  The GOP, lead by DT, is going to impose a 20% tax on Mex imports?  Wth?
do Uguys even bother2check how much goods we buy from Mexico?  Wth?We r going to have to pay 4 that STUPID Wall!  Please stop it
What is the point of congress if you guys are just going to lay down for that man? Do U care about UR constituents?do something!
First maybe let's narrow down what section of Trump's colon it was pulled from.
What would Trump have to do for you @JohnCornyn to trigger the 25th Amend? What line crossed? What behavior too egregious? Be specific.
Tariffs raise the cost of consumer goods, meaning US citizens will pay for the wall, both in taxes and in the checkout line.
@maggieNYT

like how badly do you want to bankrupt @Walmart?
tax, torture, the CIA speech, the golf story.. how much does it take to know that something's not right. No way to run a country
@maggieNYT John, can you be a wee bit bolder, please? Thanks.
I'm a voter in Texas. We don't need it. It's a waste of money.
Really? Wow that's some deep and insightful thinking right there.
you are on my speed dial you poor feckless excuse for a state leader
wall is wrong but years of lying leave you with no voice, no credibility.
@maggieNYT It's bullshit.
Paul Ryan is going to have to come up with some real jiggery-pokery for this one.
Trump's Wall will hurt TEXAS!!! Who are you more loyal to: your party or your state?
Sir,  have balls and stand up to Trump. If NOT, the 45,000 that marched at the State Capitol will remember you! (Womens March)
at least you thought about it. Was stupid suggestion. Consumer would end up paying
many unanswered questions why he is friends with our adversary Russia but such a big D lower case onald to our friend Mexico
.@JohnCornyn AMERICANS will pay the tax imposed & they will vote out all GOP that allow it. This is not MEXICO paying, it's USA paying.
Show some courage. That dumb wall is a shameful waste of taxpayer money and you know it. Pretend it was Obama's idea.
please tweet how pleased you are with Week 1 progress, bc it is completely lost on constituents. #howareyouhelpingTX
sure hope border tax screws Texas economy. Trump said Mexico was paying for wall, not us taxpayers. @clairecmc
You don't have Obama as an excuse. You're going have to actually do work  these days. Maybe stand up for Texans?
@maggieNYT yes like "how stupid is it? Really stupid, very stupid, or incredibly stupid?"
somehow we can find money for this ridiculous wall but cannot find .025 of the budget for NEA, etc? Pathetic
yeah like, how is charging US customers more AND using our tax dollars mean 'Mexico paying for it'
as in, maybe we can't afford to alienate our neighbors, and make our constituents pay thru the nose? #smartsenator
@LizMair It's okay to say it's a really bad idea.
@maggieNYT What is ' Border Adjustment '. ???
Trump, Bannon & Republican politicians are scaring the hell out of lifelong republicans. Not my party any more.
#TrumpsWalmartTax
@maggieNYT 

I'm sure the import tax was extremely vetted bigly.
Sad

#FriggingNuts
.@JohnCornyn You don't say.
It's a convoluted mess begging to be gamed.  What else do you want to know?
Such conviction, senator.
@maggieNYT  well darling don't you know there is no plan just a whole bunch of mumbo-jumbo, smoke and mirrors stupid talk!
I love my guacamole, blackberries in winter, and my bananas. Don't make me pay 20% more for them. That's ME paying for the wall.
You don’t say! …
#RESIST
Many unanswered questions about proposed "border adjustment" tax
You're a traitor.
The "wall" is a vanity project for Trump. Nothing more.
D'uh.
He's your guy Senator.  Why don't you give him a call? or a tweet?
Please don't go there. From one of your constituents.
seriously this wall is a #bigjoke, make him re-consider it
Please stand against this ridiculous border tax. The damage to Texas will be extreme.
not that many questions, taxes are paid by US consumers
And the answer to all of them is that's US tax payers are gonna take it up the ass.
This is going to cost TEXANS. We depend on trade with Mexico - moving both ways across the border.
Senator, I suggest you start worrying about the unanswered questions you're leaving your constituents w/ & fight against this terrible idea.
the emperor has no cothes. He needs a psychiatrist, not a wall. Stupid idea.
clothes not clothes.  :)
after all, he can afford it. He stands to make billions out of all the new policies he will implement that benefit billionaires.
avocado from Mexico.....
Senator, Trump is unreasonable,undiplomatic and irrational. WE DO NOT WANT A WALL. HE DOES. LET HIM PAY FOR IT.
you have not answered questions about ANYTHING!@CNN
@JoePerticone It is not hard 2 understand ! the import export imbalance says it all n must be used as leverage on Mexican pres.!
Texas will take a huge hit for this, will primary the fuck out of you with an actual conservative if you help usher it through
What an effing profile in courage there....
block it. Do SOMETHING about it! Help your state
well, get them answered! Get to work! Like Trump! Action! Action! Action!
Trump's Going To Build A Wall And You're Going To Pay For It With A 20% Tax On US Consumers.
.@JohnCornyn as owner of #LakeAmistad property, can TX sens. incl @SenTedCruz tell how #Trump destroying relations with MX helps TX economy?
let's talk about how Pres is taking advantage of a weak Mex possibly further destabilizing. These r our NEIGHBORS! Scary..
Yes, and our idiot Governor remains silent. Horrible for Texas!
WE DON'T NEED A WALL. HE COULD PUT A BORDER PATROL AGENT EVERY TEN FEET OF THE BORDER FOR HALF THAT COST.
Sir,  The President is making a mockery of your life's work. Represent and protect your constituency!
Call Senator Cornyn and tell him to stand against Trumps Border Tax. I got through to his Houston office today at 713-572-3337.
Have a few answers; creates trade deficit issues, creates further border tensions; more cost to US pop. Just what we don't want.
Wait, I thought Republicans hate taxes.
I didn't want to pay for the wall once - but twice?  Please help!  He's breaking everything!
Please fight this! Tx exports $92.5 B yr to Mex. They'll retaliate, we lose.
Just had a brief convo with @scottlincicome . May want to check in with him.
Texan here...as usual, it hits hard at those least able to afford it.  This diabetic senior will be eating less fruits/veg
This may be the only time I have ever agreed with you. We are not paying for that ridiculous wall, twice! - your constituent
do not waste taxpayer money on a wall. Most undocumented arrived legally and overstayed. This wall will do nothing.
If you r questioning integrity of this proposal then we have ur back. 16 billion on wall don't need & no ACA is unconscionable.
thank you! Please continue to ask for answers!  Your constituents deserve them!
no sh*t!?
Surely you and @tedcruz realize it would be political suicide to support this, right?
what have you actually done for Texas??!!
There should be NO question about protecting OUR STATE and CONSTITUENTS from realization of this disaster by our administration.
They are figuring out how many of them are going to get rich by building this wall.
please don't cave in to this tyrant. Texas doesn't need a wall.
How about no wall. No wall = no tax needed to pay for unnecessary wall.
@benshapiro you have been a disgrace to the citizens of Texas. McConnell, McCain and Lindsey are RINOs. @realDonaldTrump
@benshapiro John Cornyn I suggest you get on board the Trump movement. Otherwise you'll be out of office come next election.
Oh,  he'll be out anyway
is Trump cutting you in on the profit his company is going to make building the wall? (My version of alternative truth).
Please save us!! We are counting on you and Joe Strauss. Long live sane Republicans! Stand up to the bully-in-chief!
just say it! The consumer will pay any tax. So WE will pay for stupid wall. Just tell the truth!
@benshapiro He should use Sanctuary city funds.  NYC gets 7 billion a year.  Going to have a lot of extra money around.
Like just how badly is Trump willing to wreck our relationship with our neighbor based on whims and non-solutions?
, PLEASE LISTEN to your constituents, Control clown in Oval Office, or we will "control" U @ election time.#DissentIsPatriotic
uh.... why are you in cahoots with this madness? #DumpTrump
Texas imports from Mexico is in the billions of dollars. Any wall policy at all will harm your state. It's time to wake up, Sir.
you should have had answers a long time ago
Many unanswered questions as to why you still support Trump
Thanks for nothing!!!
better to reach a real secure border agreement with Mexico whereby each nation has duties over 20 yrs & each pay into fund
Sure, 20% on imports won't be passed down to customers. Businesses will be just fine with that. Will affect TX more than anyone.
IDK, Maybe ask Rep. Brady??
Please Senator don't let this tax happen. We can't afford to see food, clothes, or anything else go up in price because of this
Yeah I would say so! And why are we trying to make an enemy out of Mexico anyway? As a Texan this makes me so sad.
why does the gop hate americans so much?
@PatrickSvitek Trump is your guy, when the TX economy tanks Texans will remember your lack of courage
@benshapiro 
A lot of details to be checked, but generally, if far left is enraged/unhappy, almost certainly good for America
and what was the starting factor?
Questions? No question that it's an obvious disaster for Texas. Grow a spine.
so why in the hell aren't you calling Trump out on this?!??!?!
I hope you are reading all of these replies.  If you care about TX and your constituents, you will stand up to Trump.
@benshapiro Texas has already spent 2.8 Billion I think last year on Border control to to avail.
Great statement, how long did it take you to come up with that?
...I'm pretty sure there's no surer way to turn TX blue than the GOP taxing Mexican food. RIP taco tuesdays. 
Amen.
I have 1: Are u going 2 have the cojones 2 stand up 2 him this time? Or will u keep being as his wingman while he makes America a punchline?
is there any oversight? Is trump just wildly issuing exec orders w/no response from legislators? Seems they violate existing law
I've got a few unanswered questions 4 you myself #answeryourphone #listentoconstituents #resist
So get us some answers. Speak up. Fix this mess. You know better. Do your job.
.  Mexico can demand papers from U.S. when we try to deport illegal folks.  Then what happens?  Wall will not stop folks or drugs
Put a tax up high enough to keep out all Mexican goods until Mexico agrees to put up a wall.
This is out of hand.  You must stand and put country before party.  DT is unfit to lead.  Do something. Do not hide!
Please post your unanswered questions to @POTUS twitter feed. Let's see if trump responds
Get the money first --why should American taxpayers pay up front--you want the wall get the money from Mexico first--then build
How can they build a wall.  Y'all still haven't finished I-35 between Austin and Waco.  And thats been in the past 15 years. 
Traitor
Ya don't say!
This tariff would only benefit China. It would be a tax on food, energy and autos for US citizens. The world is laughing at us.
Would we be able to deduct the $17 billion per year in new Texas taxes on our Federal income tax return?
No, only trumpy can do that. I'm sure we'll see it if we ever see his tax returns.
you don't have enough intestinal fortitude to stand up to this mad man and the barking dogs of his base.
You need to stand up to Trump, not stand by and watch. He's in over his head.
trumps plan is for the american people to pay for this wall? (a wall not wanted by most texans who will live closest to it.)
no not really. The emperor just lied, again. And now his subjects are going to be taxed for the wall.
Also, lots of unanswered questions about how you're going to replace ACA, about Trump-Russia connections, about tax returns.
Citizens deserve a select committee to investigate Russian interference in election.
@ZekeJMiller .. Ya think?
Do YOUR job, stand up for Texans! Rep. puppet or Senator for Texas?? No wall paid 4 with tax $$$
@PatrickSvitek my college Econ is rusty but won't such a tax be passed on to U.S. consumers & mfgr's especially us in Texas?
NAFTA, WTO, automakers, farm imports. Good luck on the sort.
have you gone to the FBI yet?
"Tax and Spend" Republicans
Are we on another anti-intellectual crusade? Gump tower of ignorance is ill-suited in 21st century.
delete your account.
.@JohnCornyn @RameshPonnuru anybody else wondering how the "let the free markets work it out" party can justify a tax on trade? 
#GOP
@HotlineJosh Good for Texans to pay additional Taxes, they always vote Republican, and will get ab influx of mexicans now
Do not do this.  Bad idea.  Don't give Dems any leverage.

GOOD

OF

YOU

TO

NOTICE

YOU

TURNCOAT
@ZekeJMiller and by the way what about #MangoHitler 's taxes??!
#justsaying
