I rarely defend Cornyn, but assume he is pointing out uptick in Chinese immigration via Mexico. See LA Times.It's a real thing.
if that's what he means, he can come out and say it clearly.
I regularly disagree with him, but I don't feel everyone opposed to his POV should just assume malice.
I'm not assuming malice. If he wants to make a point on immigration policy, he can make the point directly.
Requiring us to guess what he's referring to just gives the impression he's trying to deniably dog whistle.
Town Hall Dallas?
I missed it.. when is the town hall ?
Note... We're all still waiting for a #TownHall When? ~Taxpaying Constituent
racist much?
Who cares?Are you going to have a Townhall meeting or not.If you can't meet with your constituents,then you are a loser to Texas
Are you trapped under something heavy or been abducted and that's why you can't schedule a Town Hall meeting?  #SilverAlert
Why is that a problem?  Many foreign countries post signs in their language and English. Grow up Mr. Cornyn
I don't understand your point. Is there something wrong? Are you making us aware how informative this is?
We're pushing the red button, Senator, but no help has arrived. No town halls. Bad phone lines. No email response. Just excuses.
Not Everyone speaks American! Pendejo!
and your point is?  When is your #townhall in Austin?  We need to talk.
You do realize it's for aiding someone to get help, it should be in more languages than that, we are a melting pot
YOUR POINT??
Noted... but why is that worth noting? Why don't you explain atva town hall event ANYWHERE in Texas!
too bad your constituents don't matter to you as much as signs in foreign languages. Or national security, for that matter.
Is this a cry for help?  Stay there - we'll come get you.  We can even have an impromptu #townhall.
dude are you serious?! you are meant to represent ALL of us, not just the xenophobes who voted for you. WE DEMAND A TOWN HALL.
Tourism brings important income to Texas. What is the problem with the Chinese language on this sign?
Do you have a point other than blatant xenophobia? Let me help you out. You read the top line. #immigrants
Specifically, what do you find remarkable about the language considerations?
OMG , Chinese? What are we gonna do ? < sarcasm> .
USA has no official language. You should know this. Houston town hall?
so wish I could go there!!
Why would you object to these? Don't you have anything better to think about?
and your point is what? Are you sure that is Chinese?
you should be the poster boy for term limits!
I'm glad they would like to save lives. You don't.
what do you mean "rescue?"
cornyn is a waste of time.
What's your point?
And your point is? You sir have no humanity nor heart.
John Cronyn - Town Hall : When and where?
Why point that out? Sounding like @realDonaldTrump. #TownHall #hush
Thank you, Captain Obvious. Now, about those town hall mtgs you keep forgetting to attend, lest you decide to rest from tweeting
Racism and intolerance are not okay. Ignoring constituents not okay. Returned to TX 7-17, already disgusted w you. Bad hombre=U
Cool! Hold a town hall so you can hear your constituents' ideas about this & other things. Bring along your travel buddies, too.
so it's not the Bad Hombres crossing?
PS Our economy needs these immigrants! They work for nothing, do great work and pay taxes! You should be protecting them!
- wait what? Why are we building this wall again? Bc the Great Wall in China? I'm so confused? (I'm not bc I live in this state)
ya? And
Schedule a townhall and I will come explain Chinese grammar. And manners, because the Chinese have them. You dont.
And yet, nothing written in French, despite our proximity to Louisiana.
what are you even saying?
Never seen one of these before.
You're so white it's embarrassing.
who runs your social media team?  They are doing you a disservice.  Unless of course,this is an accurate portrayal. #2020
Nothing wrong with including Chinese. Should include French too for the Canadians and Europeans plus a few more languages.
and you posted this because............?
if you have wandered away and are lost, please find a police officer to help you. We miss you! Town Hall! Cookies provided by us
That's definitely a sign. Will you please hold a #TownHall you meet with your constituents?
Not quite sure I understand what's wrong with having Chinese on a sign? Also, when's your town hall?
Hell of note ain't it John!
Alt news, China is sending ISIS via Mexico through Texas by way of  refugees. I'm so scared. Town Hall now, we have questions.
What is that supposed to mean? People who speak Chinese can't ask for help now? #DoUntoOthers #Hebrews13 #ShowHospitality
Quite the tweetstorm today, sir. Can you take a break from that for a TOWN HALL???
why are help directions in multiple languages bad? Careful, Senator, think your xenophobia is showing. Might wanna tuck that in.
great fact finding, but you're neglecting the #WalkingDead #zombie  instructions!!! #threatdown #pickle #conspiracytheories #wut
I'm concerned w. US Senators that sneak into Texas, avoid their constituents, and sneak back out to DC...#townhall plus @TedCruz
And feel free to call it the 'Bad Hombres Tour'.
Sorry twitter, he always makes racist and bigoted posts. 99% of replies are negative but he just ignores his constituents.
sign in Spanish and Chinese?  Who the F--- cares. Have a #TownHall we have important matters to discuss #Indivisible
Very inclusive! Love it! You should learn from it!
Are you saying they need this sign in Sweden?
town hall.  We have questions that only you can answer
note your voicemails por favor
and your point is .....????
What's the issue? I see English and Spanish, too. You don't want people that speak Chinese to get help?
This is literally a sign giving directions for HELP.  Why wouldn't you want it in every language possible?
you for real Big John? Did u know China largest world population, middle class economy major importer & exporter of Texas goods?
And your point? This sign is at a illegal border crossing area.
my point is, our modern Texas already reflects the world, catch up to the world, don't be an ass
so? Do you think Brooks County TX is the only place with that sign?
oh, sorry, I get it now. He didn't show up for his constituents. What a coward!!!
"your" constituents? Don't you represent all of your constituents?!?
maybe we can discuss this pressing matter at the town hall in Houston????
have you ever travelled outside the US?   There are signs in English in every country I have visited.  What is wrong with you?
Come to Houston for a Town Hall meeting with your constituents.  A Chinese translator can be found for you
If you are implying Chinese citizens are illegally crossing the border, could you provide some evidence?
- Like 45, you seem to have lots of time to tweet. Town Halls while you are here in TX? Anti-Chinese now too? #NoHate
Chinese is the most spoken language in the world, followed by Spanish, then English. Top three, good sign choice.
And your point?
.@JohnCornyn  I guess they haven't gotten around to adding them in Russian yet...
point?
unseemingly & un-American to deny help to children & refugees #NoWallNoBan #cornyn #cruz #TexasTaliban http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/immigration-border-crisis/texas-brooks-county-death-valley-migrants-n152121 …
What's the point of this? Do you dislike the Chinese as much as you do the Mexicans, & Muslims, well, etc...
More stops on the official John Cornyn doing all the things to avoid talking to constituents  tour. #TownHall please?
man what's your deal?
John, get to the damn issues already, we are tired of your petty, mindless tweets. We want a town hall.
What?  Sorry, I don't read Chinese.  What does it say?
Reply to @JohnCornyn I like that. TNX
lol orientals are hilarious, right? Omg I can't believe you are the majority whip. No wonder we are getting our ass kicked by 
google translate says this just says the same thing as the English instructions. What's the kicker here??
Are you a bigot against Chinese too, John?
that's nice. Still in Texas, I see? Town hall - bring @tedcruz with you.
I had no idea you were this disgusting until now. Thanks for showing your true self.
OK....?
I'm confused what's your point?  Is there something wrong/funny/ positive about the sign?  Do you have a problem with Chinese?
And?
Stoke that race hate! Wtf is wrong with you? Secede already. You've no place in our America.
first (Chinese), second (Spanish) and third (English) biggest native languages in the world.
See them. And...?

what does it say?
We had a really nice #TownHall tonight at the @spiderhouse in Austin - over 200 of your constituents showed up to voice concerns
Is there a website I can go to see a schedule for these? Have been looking for one to go to.
my organization @LeftUpToUs keeps a pretty spectacular calendar of local civic engagements.
I think I heard about y'all from a reddit post. Thanks for the calendar! Will check some of these out
Should be in Arabic, given the bigots in Texas.
