Y'all are probably my least favorite part of becoming a Texan. This state has a lot going for it...but it also has you guys.
Glad you're here! Native born Texans also feel this way.
This native born TX disagrees vehemently.
Based on your twitter handle I think we might actually agree - I am NOT a fan of those dudes.
Can't speak for TurnTXBlue, but she might have a point. If I lived in TX I would assume that Ted Cruz would be my least favorite part.
You summed it up pretty well. But @tedcruz and @DanPatrick are in a constant race to win #douchebagoftheday
From strictly an outsiders view @tedcruz wins #douchebagoftheday of the day everyday. Likely because he gets more national attention.
He truly scares the shit out of me! I spent the better part of the republican primaries debating who would be worse, Cruz or Trump.
Are you promoting violence against your compatriots who have a different idea than you?
UNPATRIOTIC 
We are coming to take it.
Good luck.
This tweet reminded me of this. 
Yeah, except you have no skills.
And you have no intelligence. Awww, so cute you're trying to make sense. One day.
One day what?
11/6/18
Well go ahead and use the same pollsters as last time...should be entertaining. Yawn...
Why don't you stand up to Trump/Russia
with your big, long, antiquated guns?-Oh, you can't get them up anymore I'm sure-
And while you two are showing off your guns, THIS is happening in Texas. Get your priorities straight PLEASE! 
Jesus help us! Who are you threatening? Who do you think is your enemy? You've minimized Russia threat so ... is it us you're threatening??
Texas teachers are going to take it
Texas... figures
Pry it from your cold, dead hands? Sure.
Y'all are repulsive and have ruined Texas' reputation.

Hey @GOP,

Stop being Republicans and start being Americans.…
John, I once saw you and your wife bickering about produce in the Downtown Austin Whole Foods.
I need some verbatim quotes please
Was when he was running his hilarious "Big John" commercials, so I can't quote exactly, but it was about what was—and wasn't!—on the list.
is this a threat to those who do not walk lock and step with you!  YAAFI
Who is your target today? Immigrants? My autistic sister who can't afford healthcare? Women? Hourly workers? Trans folks? Education?
They look like they're ready to fight for their country! Wait, aren't they both draft dodgers?
Do you have any other proof of your manhood, Senator? Or just that antiquated piece of equipment?
Vote NO on #TrumpcareKills bill! Vote NO on #TrumpcareKills bill! Vote NO on #TrumpcareKills bill! Vote NO on #Trumpcare bill! @SenTedCruz
Vote NO on #TrumpcareKills bill! Vote NO on #TrumpcareKills bill! Vote NO on #TrumpcareKills bill! Vote NO on #TrumpcareKills bill!
What the heck? I just moved here & this is my representation?
Yes, leave if u dont like it.
You are simply disgusting! This is the sad part of of elected officials who think this display is ok!
Reasonable people wonder briefly how your penis is that small if you need to constantly talk about guns&immediately feel sorry for your wife
You both belong in another era: The 18th century. Do the world a favor! RESIGN!
Cornyn, just another Russian collaborator.
With a profile pic of the anti-American MF who is in bed with the Iranian's and destroyed the military? Put the hash down...
The Iranian's what? 
Were involved in a circle jerk with Barack Hussein, the anti-American, globalist POS. Are you literate? ESL?
Twisting the forefathers words again???
2018
Your job?
making up for what is lacking huh "guys?"
I sat in Dan Patrick's chair at Texas Boy's State this summer so this practically makes us best friends, Senator. Don't you think? 
How dare you discriminate against #TransKids You don't represent me. #OutragedAndUnafraid #TxLege
I'm fucking both your wives while you two elderly cretins are off waging your bathroom war. They love it. Your kids call me Daddy now.
OMG you're my favorite human being 
Thanks for all your good work on HC. Because of your incompetence, millions of Americans will still have HC. Keep defending Trump, ahole.
You know what they say. Big gun small you-know-what. . .
Yes, we will come and take it - your seat, for starters.  You are an anachronism and an embarrassment.
No, you won’t. This is Texas, you will be shot. Go ahead & try to take it.
Oh yeah. We'll take it. Next Election Day
#GOPsmugoff
Old white dudes with guns. Is there anything more terrifying?
Have you visited the Gonzalez Tx museum?  That "cannon" is embarrassingly two feet long.  It was a door stop at a post office for years.
Oh look. A bigot and liar all in one place.
What is really sad is both of you are too ignorant to be ashamed of that photo.  Its not a joke
Is this the best we can do for public servants?
This is so stupid and embarrassing. really Senator? In September are you going to pose for this same stupid pic with your sword? Sad!
Appropriate bedfellows, one is trying to drive TX into the ground the other is trying to ruin the country.
#PosersGonnaPose
You're pathetic.
What are you both overcompensating for?
@gravatt  who are you referring too? I thought you represented all of Texas sad!!!!!!!
That's what's known as "overcompensation." Very much the same might be said for your salary btw.
It's like two very uncool Dad's trying to prove they can shoot the boyfriend
Here's hoping someone takes you up on that & proceeds to deposit those penis extensions into very dark places on the both of you. #DoYourJob
The “pride” of Texas?
Nah.
Two Assholes that need to be voted out.
Be there shortly. 11/6/18 for Danny et al;  11/3/20 for you. @IndivisibleTX05 @indivisibletx19 @IndivisibleTX32 @DanPatrick
Literally no one wants to come take your antiques. You're living in a sad make-believe fantasy world.
You've forgotten that Scalise is still in the hospital, that he was shot, eh?? Ahhh, Republicans, keepin it classy, I see...
If by that you mean, 'Come and take our seats if you can, we are horrible representatives' then yeah, sure. We can do that. Asshats.

Tell Dan to go back to Maryland and take his big government with him
Two old Jackasses with primitive rifles,should be easy
Is that a threat or an invitation?
Do these morons know the statehouse belongs to the people and NOT the Texas Republican Party?
All that's missing are the white capes and rebel flag.
Haaaahaa! Not funny. You look like the idiots that you are.
in three seconds or less
We are coming...  and can't wait for you to go.
Children killed from firearms daily. Gun violence at all time high. Such disrespect to victims & survivors of gun culture.
@DanPatrick Oh how sweet! All fun & games while U R screwing over Texas! No wonder the state is mobilizing to vote U both out!
And based on your policies, these guns are from the era in which your mentality derives.
I bet you two get along real well when Patrick is wearing a dress & heels.
Glad we can vote Dan and Ted in 2018 ! @JohnCornyn will be gone in 2020
That seems like a threat while holding guns !!

Take it? Sure as heck could take that from your clammy slimy live hands. It's a musket, not a fucking AR-15.
Vote Mike Collier for Lt Gov of TX in 2018!
What are we defending? Our Families ? We as a state have the worst maternal mortality rate in the world.
Truly one of our most embarrassing senators. But that'll change in 2020. Then you can go off into the sunset with your toy gun.
Against what? People that need to use the bathroom? You two are so useless. You'll be voted out.
