My wife is a teacher in TX and your vote for DeVos lost your both our votes. Stop picking fights and do your damn job.
Union teacher, no doubt.
there are no teacher unions in Texas
Really? Tell both my daughters and my niece that.
those are the facts. Texas is right to work.
Being a right to work state doesn't preclude unions. That's a fact. You need to educate yourself better.
there are no teacher unions in the state. None. Zilch. Nadal. That's a fact, Jack.
Enjoy your reality.
.@JohnCornyn what if a mentally ill, *Russian compromised*, con artist was President, and Congress did nothing? 
my question, John, is this: how much are you willing to support? GOP has aligned with Putin, and you own it now.
Stand strong @JohnCornyn GOP not aligned!  Stand with Trump and we stand with YOU! Trump won not Hillary. 
there are not enough of you. 45 is already losing supporters. My dad and father-in-law think he's nuts. Both 1
Watch out!  There are more of us than you know!!  
.@paige_keitt @JohnCornyn you don't like math, do you? He lost by 3 million votes, and loses more support every time he speaks.
If you count all the people who voted for someone other than Trump, his LOSS is over 10 million.
don't tell  @paige_keitt she thinks she's a winner. Let reality break her heart, I don't need to.
Or if they refused for almost a year to give a Supreme Court nominee a confirmation hearing?
come on, Craig. That would be downright unethical! I'm sure no party would do that to a president. #Garland
I mean really, u might get a rule named after u. #BidenRule
seems like you did notice
I will NEVER trust @GOP again! I know NOW your intentions are GREED 4 short term while climate ends our long term #Famine #water
You and republicans care more about your party than your country or the constituents you represent.
don't be a hypocrite
nothing to say but HYPOCRISY
senate D's is a good nickname
Tell us your thoughts on investigating Trump and Russian connection.  Let’s do a town hall!  C'mon, John: you represent US.
What if your constituents voted you out of office? #DemocracyIsBipartisan #WakeUp
you Reps spent the last year blocking the Sup Court Nom. Get real!
What if Obama's Supreme Court pick was allowed hearings. YOU DIDN'T
kinda like how y'all did w Garland?
also how is this different than blocking a @scotus nominee for almost a year.
we did notice and we cheered them on.  We also noticed that you are allowing a president to threaten the free press & doing 0.
You are not listening to your constituents. Read responses to your tweets! They are mostly negative to your posts.
What a petty tweet.
let me know when the do like republicans and SHUT DOWN GOVT
good, his this cabinet is a nightmare along with the @POTUS
Not nice to complain about D delays when Rs never even gave Merrick Garland a shot. #potcallingthekettleblack
Here's where we remind you that @tedcruz read Dr. Seuss on the Senate floor.
We noticed. You have voted more than once for an unqualified candidate.
dude. Pot. Kettle. You're both black.
You are doing GREAT job, Senator. Understand you are a target of an organized social astroturf (#FAkeAccounts) Twitter campaign
.@MyPresidentme is a Russian troll bot. @JohnCornyn don't listen to the trolls. They can't vote -- at least not in a real election.
Thanks for proving my point ... this new account you started only has 4 followers! bahahaha @JohnCornyn
Actually, I am a hardworking Texan with no time for Twitter except to contact my negligent elected officials.
Maybe because there are serious concerns about @ScottPruittOK? We can't keep valuing profits over the environment!
.@JohnCornyn What if Texas Senators ignored a large swath of their constituents? They did. #TownHall
They paid attention a larger swath of Texans. You still lost.
What if a Senator from Texas forgot he was supposed to represent us, not follow Putin's mouthpiece? Trump taxes? Russia?
Wow. Hate much? Rs have control of everything. Give Ds a break even if it is symbolic. The tables can turn on a dime. #TexasNice @JohnCornyn
Your way of representing is misguided. I KNOW you know this is all not going to end well for this country. Be a #patriot
this coming from the GOP who did this for 8 full years. Hypocrites
can you plz stop with the snark?! Don't you have better things to do than trying to be funny and relevant?
What if the GOP colluded with Russia to put a puppet authoritarian in the White House and we all objected? WE DID and WE DO.
Yeah, like we have never done the same thing have we John?  Quit being a hypocrite.
We noticed & we were proud.
GOOD
what if you ignored your constituents for so long you're booted from office? Hold a town hall near Austin. I will notice.
I disagree with you on, literally, everything. Still, I believed you to be above this childish, inflammatory rhetoric. #shame
Good for them. They learned how to obstruct from the Republicans these past 8 years.
Ds nuts
what if John Cornyn made a stupid post that contradicted his own point... he did
We noticed. 2020.
I noticed. And was proud of my representatives.
Everybody noticed. There's a difference.
I recall y'all doing the very same thing. Including blocking Supreme Court Judges. Might  figure out how to improve things!
what if you did your damn job? Nobody would care because you've already ignored us long enough
What if Repubs shut down the govt to deny health care to millions of Americans ?  We noticed.
We noticed, Senator. We noticed.
We noticed.
What if Senate Rs told a huge lie that they can't hold hearings for a Supreme Court justice in election year? You did.
we noticed.
Town Hall John. When?  We don't care about you staffers tweets.
kind of like how you think no one will notice you aren't holding a town hall to listen to your constituents?
your constituents noticed one party cares about clean air and water, and it sure isn't yours.
Was he as good as Michael Flynn?  How did you vote on that issue Senator? Marched right in with the rest of them, didn't you?
What if thousands of people contacted their Senator to ask him to vote against an  unqualified Sec of Ed and he ignored them?
you're proud of these dangerous people you're confirming? At least they are trying to be good citizens. Unlike you.
Everybody noticed. Not everyone watches FOX or listens to Rush. It was a necessary move.
When is your town hall? #TownHallProject
Time for you to be flipped like a mattress in the next election.
What if a Senate R named Ted Cruz shut down the government cynically and damaged a lot of people? He did.
what if a Senator was ignoring his constituents instead of representing them & they definitely notice and organize against him?
Tsk! Tsk! What if one of our state's elected officials was less sarcastic and acted like a grown man? He didn't.
What if Senate Rs pulled off a near year-long delay of SCOTUS Justice nomination? They did. #DoYourJob
what if you had a townhall meeting?
what if you investigate Russia's influence on our elections and this administration and got trump's taxes released
we noticed. We are noticing your sell out too.
you all (Repubs) behaved worse when Obama was pres. Stop rolling over and normalizing this new WH farce.
What if republicans investigated Trump/Russian ties? Stand up to Trump and show some courage. #Constituent
Democrats & rhinos defending status quo
What if our elected representatives stopped being snarky & instead listened to constituents & did the hard work of governing?
what if the GOP obstructed the president for 8 years? They did
that's a real ahole comment. I noticed!  proud of them working al night!  When is the last time you advocated as passionately.
I noticed because they're talking for me!  You have tweeted some crappy stuff but this one takes the cake! Who do YOU work for?
what if the President is fleecing America and no Republicans noticed? Oh wait. You do. And you don't care. Got it. We see u.
we noticed. Also noticing you not listening to your constituents.
What if Senate R's decided to support a disastrous and conflicted pick for a cabinet position? They did.
what if republicans start doing their job. How much  will you be making when russian sanctions are lifted?
Better yet, let's have a week of a @realDonaldTrump Presidency without him offering lame excuses for dysfunctional leadership.
Really looking forward to voting against you. Just wish it was sooner than 2020.
Shame on you!  I voted for you in the past, but NEVER again.
.@JohnCornyn who do you actually work for? Not the voters of Texas nor the future generations. Despicable!
I never knew there were so many strange people in our country that are either not reading or a paid protestor
#the  President is smarter than all you haters together laughing at how stupid it sounds
What if we confirmed a jobs/money first, clean air/water distant second EPA head. HOLY FUCK!! We did!!
we did notice. We supported them doing it because you aren't listening to us.
yeah, because Obama chose people that were qualified
Good for them!  At least someone is looking out for America, unlike you. #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS #TOWN HALL 75831
No, I heard about it. #senatedoyourjob #aTXvoter
Russia
you keep voting against the interests of your constituents. We are voting you out!
what man of integrity so insults his opposition? Mayhap's insult is all he has for lack of judgement. #CornynFailedTexas
.@JohnCornyn Your tweet is evidence that someone noticed, and now a lot more people know about it!  Thanks
Have you no sense of decency, sir, at long last? Have you left no sense of decency?
No we noticed.
we noticed,we begged not to put Devos in job which she wants to destroy.The Ds tried to convince one of Rs, Rs choose to ignore
Why did you confirm someone who is being sued for non-disclosure?
GOOD QUESTION!
: damn that fake news lamestream media, amirite? #indivisible #resist
What if Ted Cruz read Dr. Seuss during a 21 hour filibuster cause he didn't like what Ds funded? He did.
I noticed!! Think again! Also noticed you won't hold a town hall!!
. @JohnCornyn This is tone-deaf to so many of your constituents. (And apparently you did notice the Democrats...we did too.)
kinda like the time a Senate R held a nomination until the nominee died?
, people & Texans like me who care about our air &water noticed that YOU DO NOT care about it. #cornynfailsus
sir, try working across the aisle. That would be more helpful than you adding to the chaos.
What if Rs let Cassandra Butts DIE while waiting 830 days for confirmation? Would any Rs have balls to apologize? No #hypocrite
You are so right!
i noticed! I think confirming someone to head epa who has spent years fighting it is a BAD choice! And you voted for him. Idiot!
Merrick Garland!  Don't even talk about delaying tactics.  You are the worst offenders.
What if a white supremacist and a bunch of Russian Assets installed themselves in the NSC and the GOP gave not a shit. They did.
What if the Rs made up a policy that no pres in the last yr of office can nominate a SCt justice (no matter how qualified)?
we moticed
What if you had integrity and demanded the nominees be qualified.
we noticed they were doing their job why did you vote to confirm him before the docs are released we your constituents said no!
just like good ole Ted Cruz did?? Come on! We actually have memories and remember all the nasty things Reps have done too!
Seriously dude? U want to completely alienate a growing number of your constituents--pple who are sick of party of NO & snark?
oh we noticed...the same way we noticed that you don't take calls or our input for this vote.
Ch5 in Dallas talked about it this morning, so it made some news. Few people know how to respond though 
what if Congress approved DJ Res 69 and no one noticed. They did!
HJ Res 69
I see you guys confirmed Pruitt. Another totally unqualified cabinet appointee. 2020 is coming senator. #HearOurVoice
I noticed the D's are listening hence the all nighter. You won't even hold a town hall meeting to listen. (1)
I assume you don't care about constituents because you have 4 yrs left in this term then -retire as a triple dipper. (2)
.@JohnCornyn Pruitt is a terrible choice for @EPA. Your support for him shows your contempt for your constituents. We will remember!
Ah, Pruitt. Will you go on the record as wanting to dismantle the EPA? In contrast, your constituents want a clean environment.
so what are you going to do about it. Who is in control. I can't understand how Republicans get lead around by the Democrat's.
I noticed sir because I put country above party. U R becoming more like @POTUS everyday. I'll send u some orange makeup!!
we noticed and you will too
please don't vote for Pruitt for EPA, wait until you can review the emails that will be released soon. Protect the environment!
my thoughts exactly
Brannon's cabinet picks are either unqualified or lack morals and ethics. Did YOU notice? We asked you to listen. YOU didn't.
what if the GOP shut down the government because they wanted to keep Americans from getting affordable healthcare? They did
you gotta watch something other than Fox News. It was noticed, covered, shown on other news outlets. You horrid man.
Was it almost like when the House GOP stayed up all night to deconstruct the ethics comittee? No..... not quite as bad. Right?
Scott Pruitt is a disastrous nomination for EPA delay the vote for our children's future!!
You noticed.
it's not about noticing it's about doing what is right. When did R's start to prioritize party over country?
What if you actually vetted Pruitt who is corrupt? Oh wait, you didn't.
why cooperate with a traitor president, senator?
@SenTedCruz What if we had 2 senators that didn't care that the @WhiteHouse has been compromised by the Kremlin? Wait, we do.
Why are you so eager to see #unethical and #unqualified nominees get confirmed. Every hr it can be delayed is a victory  #Resist
Legislative Branch  Executive Branch. Protect us from POTUS and his billionaire, unqualified, inexperienced nominations.
what r u complaining about? Ur in recess & u can sleep in -- it's obvious u don't want 2 talk 2 constituents.
Hmm, apparently you noticed?
What if President's picks were delayed because he didn't HAVE picks or because they didn't complete ethics forms? They were.
we noticed and we'll thank them. We just wish you'd stand with them, and your constituents...
What if you took time out from being a partisan hack to listen to your constituents and hold a #TownHall ?
What if republicans rushed to get some guy appointed before he was obligated to release evidence? They did. @JohnCornyn
@TheTrueLoveIII vote at 1 pm today. He will get confirmed. Hope they ordered out last nite. Probably no tip for delivery guy.
I noticed.
they are battling with you-no compromise; just strife stirring w Russia! Destroy their nonsense!
- What if Senate Rs vetted, listened to constituents & stood up for democracy instead of going down with sinking ship? #Russia
@HeardontheHill Maybe the American people are focused on the #RussianSpyShip in Delaware near Nuclear Sub base. We know #Traitor
@HeardontheHill We voters actually did notice,  but, you do you,  Senator
Texans noticed it and this condescending tweet. #hindsightin2020 #NeverCornyn
What if John Cornyn would stop hiding from his constituents? He won't.
We noticed and agree with them.
what if Senate Rs were to approve an anti-environment pro-fossil fuel industry R to head EPA and everyone noticed? They did.
Pruitt is not a good choice for EPA.  Delay vote until the emails can be read.  What are you afraid of?
We noticed. Guarantee your voters who don't want poisoned water or a burning planet noticed too.
thank goodness someone cares about earth and it's children. What we have noticed is your (and the gop) scilence on #russia
I noticed.
yes when is your town hall? Don't think we don't notice that you are shirking that duty. You know-the one to your constituents?
Probably a good thing they did, given who the previous nominees are. #stopwiththis
Hey how that little Russia thing going?
Willful ignorance (about Pruitt) is as culpable as knowing. We need to see his emails. Vote NO on Pruitt!
John, North Dallas  what you are doing for Texas along with Ted Cruz!  Keep it up!
what if the Republicans refused hearings on a Supreme Court pick for over a year? They did.
Why can't @SenateMajLdr waive the rules until confirmations done and then vote to put the original rules back in place? #USA1ST
the gall of the GOP to question the delay on a confirmation..
you noticed.
We get snark from you instead of leadership in the face of an unstable president. Duly noted.
I will be voting against you in 2020. I bet your constituents won't notice your absence. You never see or represent us anyway.
we noticed
Don't imagine we didn't notice.
what if said cabinet pick was completely against the mission of the cabinet for which he was chosen and unqualified? he was.
good!  They're doing their job to protect our democracy.  I'm proud of them for finally starting to fight.
please stop tweeting like a partisan hack. Come talk to us instead. #townhall #txlege
good for the democrats.
Some of us did notice, Senator.
What if you put country over politics and investigate Trump's Russian ties? When is your town hall meeting? #CountryOverParty
We are backing you and Trump all the way. Losers that spout venom are just that. Losers.
