No sir, it's still in your court to fully repeal the ACA. Get to it. #PrimaryCornyn @NotOnThisWatch @DwayneStovall
With McCain home recovering, it's simply not possible. Time to stabilize the individual markets. Small businesses (mine) depend on it.
Still looking in Art1Sec8, for any auth granted to feds to do anything w HC or insurance outside of VA. Not finding it, can you?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Federation_of_Independent_Business_v._Sebelius …
So by your standard, SCOTUS ruled internment was constitutional. You're good with that, right? Art3 grants no interpretive or legis powers.
SCOTUS ruled on the ACA. To pretend otherwise is pointless mental masterbation that does not contribute to today's discussion.
#DredScott Hello, SCOTUS is not infallible.
I don't care about philosophy. ACA repeal failed. @JohnCornyn advocates ACA sabotage, which also kills the indie TX market where I buy.
Why do you hate your constituents so much, that you want to kill them, Senator?
It's line one of those nasty divorces where it actually ends up hurting the children. Shame on the Rs.
What a great analogy! So a true
Insurers just stepped in to avoid an Obamacare disaster
Refreshing to see Senator Cornyn admit that the @GOP never had any workable healthcare solutions, despite having 7+ years to figure it out.
Another #GOPFail
You're wrong if you think you can w/hold ACA payments, then escape blame for crashing the Texas indie market. Time to stabilize the markets.
Many small businesses (mine) buy on the indie market. I don't like you playing political games with my healthcare.
What is the point of having a party if you do NOTHING?
The ball is in Congress' court.  People's lives are not a political football game.
You don't get to take your ball and go home,...unless you want to resign.  We'd be OK with that.  Otherwise work with the rest of congress!
Nope. Why don't you work TOGETHER?!?!?! COUNTRY before party. QUIT THE DIVISINESS!!!
Senators are a disgrace to our country. Repeal Obama care. No wonder your approval is so low. I'm a conservative and hate y'alls actions.
Instead of gloating and blaming, why don't you follow @SenJohnMcCain 's advice and work with Democrats for a GOOD bill? Shame on you.
You know the Ds are in the minority right?
They are really not.several are RINO and most are cowards.
FALSE
John what actions are you taking to work with the Democrats to create a bill that can work for all Americans?
And if you are doing nothing, then get the hell out of Washington. We don't need that kind of representation. Be a leader, not a lemming!
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare! #UnitedforFreedom!
If you are unable to get over this, and work with Democrats, Senators CASTRO AND O'ROURKE will do it.
Let's turn Texas blue and say goodbye to @SenatorCruz_ @JohnCornyn
@GOP voted for FULL REPEAL under Obama.  You knew he would veto! Don't be afraid of TRUMP! No RINO's!  #UnitedForFreedom
Partisan Politician @JohnCornyn betrayed the People of Texas yesterday.
  Call and demand that he #Resign!
   
  Tyler: (903) 593-0902
Senator - We expect a #FullRepeal as you promised.
#FreeMarketOptions
#UnitedForFreedom
Actually no. It's with the legislative branch. That had Republicans running it last time we checked. We can fix that if you'd like to quit.
It's dishonest and malicious to call the reimbursements that are an essential part of the ACA #insurancecompanybailouts. Shame on you!
Time for FULL REPEAL like you voted for under Obama. The gov has no business being in healthcare. Be the TRUE @GOP! #UnitedForFreedom
Partisan Politician @JohnCornyn betrayed the People of Texas.
  Call and demand that he #Resign! 
   
  Austin: (512) 469-6034
And thank God for that defeat. #savemedicaid #saveACA

This video of McCain voting no with Stone Cold Steve Austin wrestling audio in the background may be the greatest thing ever. #ResistanceWon 
No. Get your own team together. And maybe go through the committee process next time? #RegularOrder
Ever tweet to Harry Reid to use regular order when he held reins? Sen Reid never permitted amendment process + debate as we just witnessed.
I did a time or two.  Would be tough to dig through all of the history, but his way of business was not very often at all by the books.
How exactly in Dems court when your party holds the majority? Oh no, what if you have to try and honest & transparent process!!???
Ha ha, I kid, I know you're just trying to pass the buck because your big dramatic hissy fit failed.
Hey--sort of new to Twitter and can't figure out how to connect tweets like this. Do you mind telling me?
and when u reply, delete the people it is addressed to.
Ah! No one has mentioned that part. Thanks so much!
Because of how you chose to handle this.  My conservative vote will go to someone else next time.  Possiblly a Democrat.  You lost one vote.
Repubs. have complete control of the Government and you couldn't get your own party to pass that shitty bill. Blame game just like Trump....
Now is the time to take the recess and afterwards work across the aisle to make existing health laws stable and robust. For Texans!
Don't put the blame on the Dem's. You did nothing for 7 yrs. Where is your plan?
Agreed!  And they control all three branches of the government and still can't get anything done. Republicans own it!!
Senator Cornyn, our country would benefit greatly if the GOP and  Democrats in the House, Senate, and White House would work together.
You own this. It's time to admit this ENTITLEMENT isn't going away and about time to work with DEMS and fix this.
So you would actually sabotage people's healthcare cause you didn't get a win. What about the 1.7 million people in Texas this would hurt?
You lost because ... No compassion ... Get with DEMS and sort it out...Quit being greedy!!!
NO GOP BAILOUT
This is an epic fail because it was undermined by your party, the medical industry and insurance companies.

Like it was in the Rs court to insist ins could opt out of market & states refuse med expansion? Insurers  (& pay) you all & its gross.
If GOP stops sabotaging the insurance exchanges and enrollment rules it won't fail.
No, ball in your court to improve the problems with the ACA. You Repugs broke the ACA intentionally, now fix it!
Why not have women of senate work on it? Women are leading the resistance & will get it done! @SenWarren @SenKamalaHarris & other 19 women
A majority in both houses, a rubber stamp in the white house. But you'll blame democrats. "The party of personal responsibility"! 
Friday, a group of bipartisan Senators began meeting on how to fix the ACA & they have locked partisan hacks like you out of the room.  #sad
WRONG, Senator! @realDonaldTrump is responsible for upholding the law of the land. Don't undercut by waiving mandate and cutting ad $.
Your job, is to make sure @realDonaldTrump does his job (and make laws). You're both standing idle and FAILING! We see it - and know.
You have, and always will back CEO's over regular Joe's. It is who you are. Insurance industry has you bought and paid for.
Senator, Texas is watching. Yoo-hoo, you do remember? The constituents who voted you in & who can vote u out in 2020. Ur not bulletproof.
I can only assume your bill was even worse  since you were too afraid to disclose what was in it. How about you do something constructive?
#TweakAndPerfect
GOP has refused to make changes/adjustments to ACA holding out for your dream repeal.  Since that failed will you now do YOUR JOB and work?
Any failure of the ACA will be on the GOP for your failure over the last 7 years to work in a bipartisan manner on healthcare.  OWN IT
Your party has been trying pretty dang hard to push the "blame the dems" narrative but dude, we aren't as stupid as you- we know better.
How was kicking 15 million off insurance and raising premiums by 20% better than the status quo? What hypocrisy. Glad it failed bigly!
You are such a horrible person!!!!! Why did we think you were a good choice! Deadline is coming up and you sir no longer have my vote!
Biggest threat to ACA is sabotage by @GOP. Expand Medicaid in all 50 states, don't hold back ACA subsidies, get for-profit ins cos out of it
Save your career, support single payer now.
P.s. No one is buying this "#health freedom" bullshit.  More like, "you're free to die cuz @GOP took away your health insurance."
It's on you and @GOP for obstructing improvements and Medicaid expansion in most states. We're not stupid.

Actually the ball is in the court of the executive branch whose function it is to enforce law.  ACA is still law.
"After I couldn't convince 50 Republicans our hastily-drafted bill was a good one, I'm taking my ball and going home."
Seriously, if this is your answer, you and McConnell should hand over to Schumer for a while. He might actually get stuff done.
Are you going to do anything to fix how you hamstrung the ACA, or are you just going to blame the other guy for your willful sabotage?
JC, maybe I should introduce to Obi-wan Kenobi McCain since he stopped Darth Cornyn (the apprentice) last night! Even w/ your double saber
Wow, Senator ... these tweets are rather brutal in sheer number and I have only gone through 1st 100 ... I almost feel bad for you! Almost..
Sad.
Bet they do a better job than you jokers. Don't get used to the Majority, forehead!
As I have noted on other Cornyn post today, JC's problem (how he is often known by staff) is that his whip was taken away by badass women!
Please stick to the no insurance bailouts and I am praying for you and all of the rest of those you work with in DC
If you Republicans would quit sabotaging Obamacare and work toward fixing its problems, it will succeed.  Medicare for all would be better.
Absolutely no bail outs or funding to fix
And any President who tries to threaten and blackmail a sitting US Senator doesn't deserve our loyalty. He's a mobster.
Senator, if you want my vote again quit whining and start working with the other party to solve this problem. McCain was right!
No, it's not Ds problem. It is all of yours. You are equally responsible to work with your peers for your constituents. Or you lose your job
Seriously, work together for the better of American people. Put your EGO aside and legislate!
But you bail out the banks without of the blink of an eye! Tired of having you represent the working class people of Texas #draintheswamp
Nope it's time for Republicans to grow up, stop squabbling, act responsibly and govern. That's why we elected y'all!
As per usual, pass the buck since @GOP can't govern. Sore losers one and all so let's make sure our constituents pay.
You broke it, you own it, Big John.
7/28/17 0129 
"Hey we gave it our best shot, can the Ds please govern, because we sure as fuck can't"
I'm sorry John but I think it's the congress the writes laws and passes laws it's your problem republican problem
Join grassroots organization to get candidates who will represent us. check out @indivisibleATX @IndivisibleTeam @BetoO'Rourke
Don't cave in to the Dems. They own ObamaCare. The people who want ObamaCare should suffer the consequences.
The people who want insurance should suffer the consequences?? What kind of monster says such a thing?
One that is sick of people who are too lazy to work. One that is sick of people who rely on the government for free hand outs.
Why do you eve represent us-you lost and you blame dems.  Please leave office.  Can't wait to vote you out
Why? Because they've proven they can get stuff done and you obviously can't?
Your extremist party failed, it's up to the reasonable and intelligent statesmen and women of both parties to start working for the people
Fix ACA or get another job be a real man not a spineless wimp like your Pres
you have a powerful voice and plenty of power.  i hope your words are true.  the American tax payer has bailed out toooo many already.
3)I'd like to know how you intend to vote.Tx 78727 I deserve an http://answer.How  will you vote on Repeal of Estate tax?
2)works have no power to negotiate.Upcoming "Default Protection Act" which allows SS to be guted to pay Nat'l debt.
1) I love the way you republicans decieve us by the way you label things,healthcare freedom far from it."Right to work bill"
7)regain the respect of Americans ppl.For now I have no respect or faith in you,just alot of anger for not servg America.
5)together to improve the lives of Americans.When you do that Congress low approval ratg will rise.More important you will
4)tax payers pay your salary not your party.Put your damn EGO aside and do what American's want.Which is both parties workg
Shame on you for voting to take healthcare away from your constituents!  We won't forget this cruel vote and we will hold you accountable!
3)to say Republicans party got a win.This is United States of America your duty is to country not self or party.
2)when you should work with Dems to get a win from America,Improving ACA would be American win,but you rather harm country to
1)That's your problem your consumed with a legislation win for your party and want to undo what Obama/Demos accomplishments
Do NOT let anyone talk you into bailing out the insurance companies. Let Obamacare collapse.
I watched the voting early this morning and I heard your 'yes' vote. I'm a constituent, but not a supporter, so I was neither shocked nor
surprised by your vote; it was expected. I do wonder, however, how you can live with the cruel hypocrisy of claiming to be a practicing
christian, while voting for a bill that would strip healthcare benefits from tens of millions of US citizens, thousands, perhaps tens of
of thousands of whom would DIE, oh great servant of the people, JohnCornyn.  And many, I'm not sure of the numbers (one would be too many),
would be our fellow Texans. How the hell could you put your name on a bill that would bring harm to so many people??  I think you and your
colleagues that voted yes on the bill to repeal the ACA and who are doing their best to erase anything and everything that president Obama
accomplished during his 8 year term are a disgrace!  Thank the stars for John McCain!!  And the two other republicans that voted no!
Ludicrous the democrats are not in control...do YOUR job or Texans will find someone who will #dumpCornyn
You are a Senior leader, your job is to work with Dem's.  Your own party rejected your secret bill.
Never about Healthcare, this was control, everything under Obama was a muck up, Socialism the goal, John McCain might HAVE BEEN a hero.
Public option on the Exchange- Medicaid buy in.
No, the ball is in the GOP AND Ds court. If u worked for a co. and this happened would u be allowed to say this or act like this.
No, it's YOUR job to work together. Your vote last night: Despicable. Murkowski, Collins, McCain and Dems: Courageous.
You come up with a completely untenable bill and now you have the nerve to pass the buck?  Where is your good sense? How about your ethics?
One last thing, how can the rest of Texas get the healthcare you and your colleagues seem to take for granted?
Our country will not fix healthcare until we stop making it about insurance coverage. Obama care and this horrible bill missed the point.
So many Texans have horrible coverage because no one has had the courage to hold insurance providers accountable.
Every day you give me another reason to criticize what you claim is leadership. Real leaders take responsibility for challenges.
Buck passing aside, why should we bail out big banks but not insurance companies? Are you advocating we get rid of insurance companies?
um, maybe R's and D's can work together to "protect millions from Obamacare's ind mkt collapse."
Time to work w D to improve ACA, not sabotage it
Your constituents didn't agree with your actions - start listening.
Can't just wipe your hands clean of the disaster you helped to create. Healthcare not a GOP or D thing it's an American thing - do your job
Why don't you do your job and work together to craft legislation that, oh I don't know....actually gives people health care coverage?!?
NO! Do your job, go thru committee & do it w/bipartisan support!  If D's bail us out do U really think U deserve to stay in Senate? I don't.
Exactly right. Mr. Cornyn, do your job or we Texan Republicans WILL vote you out & get someone who will.
A sad cop out. Maybe try to work with Ds to find common ground and fix what you can. You know... #DoYourJob
Don't blame Democrats for your state's failure to expand Medicaid.  Keeping Texans uninsured is all ON YOU.
Why didn't Texas expand Medicaid under the ACA?  Why are you so determined to undermine a law that gave healthcare to millions?  Hypocrite.
No! The ball is in the REPUBLICANS court! It's y'all who need to protect Americans! Dems had their time!! We R in this mess BECAUSE of them!
How about y'all do it together for a change? You're my elected senator and I expect more than passing the buck.
No-it's in Congress' court. You need to build/join a team with solutions. I take nobailout to mean no premium support for families in indmkt
The correct response is the American people clearly want a bipartisan bill that works for them.I look forward to working w/the Ds.

Your party holds majority in house & senate...and you couldn't do anything lol. #winning
Wait what. Can you explain what actions they could take?
Actually your the party in control... you don't get to abdicate that position. Dems can't do it alone. You chose bills Americans didn't want
it would be impetuous to repeal without a solid replacement. You failed the people, not democrats. Take responsibility.
No, you Repugs failed to create a bill worth passing.  Now, sure up the market n get to work doing what you promised.  77015
Shame on you for voting to take health care away from your constituents! We won't forget this cruel vote and we will hold you accountable!
Enough from you. You Failed. and it took 3 strong honest senators to tell you so.They are in this for people. You just pass anything.
Take your ball and leave haha. Typical politician. Do your job.
No, it's the entire Congress' job. DO YOUR JOB.
Really?  Seems to me that the #GOP is in the majority and responsible for calling ALL the shots and squelching any minority ideas.
Why is the ball in the Dem's court. Aren't you the party of promise for 0ver 7yrs now?  Aren't you in power? Ball still yours.
Please resign. You have never represented us. Your a racist &are reversing President Obamas good deeds for the people
After months of wrangling about single payer, we will end up w/ GOP creating and passing Healthcare.  7+ years and counting.
No the ball was in YOUR court. You dropped it. You lied and you failed America.
#MedicareForAll
U & gutless @SenJohnMcCain + the 2 nutless colleagues have us barreling towards Single Payer.  Disgraceful actions, distasteful results
How about you give #MedicareForAll a try? And don't give me a roll call vote list, just tell me why you don't like the idea.
Republicans still control House and Senate YOU have to honestly work with them.
@JohnCornyn plz work with Dems to reform the #ACA. We need open bipartisan process.
I'm sure they would be happy to work with you to pass single payer. Heck, they'd probably be thrilled if all ACA parts fully implemented!
No it's in everybody's court. You tried and failed. Now both D and R play ball nice for the citizens. Remember us?
Still your job until you lose majority in midterm.  You own it.
And Rs will help?
No the ball is in the senates court - time to flex your bipartisan muscles!
So you're saying your party is going to kill the ACA (people) & it's someone else's job to fix it. Got it. 2020 can't get here soon enough.
How about bipartisan work for the American people?  Isn't that your job?
Don't shift blame, Johnny. Besides why don't you work w/Ds to make the ACA better? You won't, cause you're a partisan hack.
How about the ball be in both the D and R's court. F'ing shut up and work with each other. And don't start with the obstruction BS.
You say the ball is in Dems court. Will you actually allow them to take a shot? My guess is no.
YOU HAD 8 YEARS. Stop blaming others for this massive Republican FAILURE.
No your the majority! Goes to show 3 members are not heartless
