Today, it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #VAaccountability Act into law, delivering my campaign promise to our #AmericanHeroes! 
Bless y'all's hearts.
Deflect, distract, duck.
@John Cornyn you are in the bubble- it's a shame you're a senator
What other legislative accomplishments has he had? I can't remember.
More like one of the only accomplishments
it's a worthless administration that wants to kill Americans akin to hitler and gas chambers.
Nothing like do nothing republicans.
Come on John, you put Russia first and work against America. Thanks to you and Trump over 400K Vets will be ripped from your deathcare bill
Too bad @realDonaldTrump blocked Vote Vets from his twitter feed. He loves Veterans but doesn't want to hear from them.
What's that saying John? Even a broken clock is right twice a day...
#partyovercountry
#treasontrain
@realDonaldTrump so you apparently live to suck up to him as well. He's a complete fool.....
Assuming it's funded. If it's not it's a turd.
U mean the ONLY significant legislative blah (lick ass*lick ass). He's "created" agencies that are probably not staffed yet. Still 500 posit
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha you're soooo funny!
Possibly the only accomplishment of the Trump administration.
@realDonaldTrump - The ONLY one. No maybe about it.
I suppose this is technically true since it's the only legislation passed. The bar is set awfully low.
"Accountability"
Specifically, the ONLY accomplishment. Clean air/water regs GONE, lets kill BEARS, integrity of office GONE, Paris Climate GONE.
@realDonaldTrump LOTS of horrible accomplishments via EO that you kissed his ass about!  We won't forget. The AHCA is horrific!
you tweet this as if there will be more to come #notholdingmybreath
Remember Watergate, 40 were indicted and served prison terms.
You & Trump are both hypocrites. Neither one of you ever served. You both dodged the draft. And Trumpcare will strip thousands of vets of hc
&when Trump is impeached he can display a nice, big, Gold plated participation trophy 4 all the prisoners to see. Theyre gonna be so jelly
You have truly sold out, Senator.
Trump, like @JohnCornyn is a liar.
Stand up for the people of Texas. #NoTrumpcare
Next y'all will be passing the "must breathe oxygen" act just to count that as a "win". This is not how grown ups legislate. #hack
How convenient.  It's 2 bad Trump can't acknowledge R sailors who died or address actions taken by Russia & N. Korea putting troopsin danger
I completely agree @johncornyn Donald has done absolutely nothing worthy of th office he holds. Y'all are led by a joke of a politician.
Senator, Rio Grande @cbp says they are still catching and releasing, disobeying orders, true? Your state
What's it like getting lodged so far up @realDonaldTrump's??
You mean the bill publicly drafted and negotiated to get broad bipartisan support?

Imagine that.
Why is it significant? Maybe because it actually tries to help more than harm. Bipartisan wasn't it? Amazing, Ds work with Rs not impossible
"maybe"  <--- bold leadership!
In all seriousness, in places away from DC and with fam n close friends only  do you ever laugh at what  has for a prez? A big Joke
Free Advice: If you all just spent your time helping veterans and sick people, you'd be a lot more popular.
Only if it actually accomplishes anything. Trump is the master of declaring victory where there's no success (Carrier, Ford, coal).
Since there haven't been any legislative achievements yet that is a pretty low bar.
John, there's no maybe about it and you know it. This administration has done nothing.
Ya think?
The only legislative accomplishment?
What is the deal w 3.2% tax on investment income retroactively in health/c bill?  U need 2 do townhall with us voters in TX !!!!!  Explain!
Now, REALLY fix healthcare....REPEAL and replace with completely open market system. Let capitalism fix this problem!
If only congress had funded the VA properly to begin with.
I guess so- also the only one SFB
Definitely stands out in a failed administration. Then again your sentiment isn't surprising since even your tweets are worse than Trump's
A great moment of puff and circumstance. Let's see if it actually changes outcomes for our veterans, then you can pat yourself on the back
Low bar...
@realDonaldTrump lol
Let's not forget;
1-Russian Meddling
2-Collusion
3-Obstruction
4-Impeachment
5-Prison
BTW, that healthcare bill? That's not a fixer-upper, that's a push it into a hole and cover it up.
Until you see the cuts you and your fellow senators and Trump want to do to Medicaid that will affect many veterans
Applaud bi-partisan support 4 this: a reminder the #  vets who depend on Medicaid - especially senior vet/nursing home care!


39 corporate executives were asked to describe Trump's management style, and their answers were pretty brutal http://ti.me/2sKEhjM 
It's hard to get much done when all you do is watch TV @POTUS #couchPotato4life
First step complete. Ability to fire those who oppose privatization. On to Koch brothers taking over.
Why? Why? Do you continue to support an administration base on lies & ignorance? Seriously, why?
LOL 1 major bill in ~155 days with a GOP-controlled Congress??! LOLOLOLOLOL y'all are the worst. Get your head out of his butt. Nov '20! 
Ok, to be fair those aren't legislative...but he has no legislative accomplishments....so...
You are putting Veterans in Texas at risk with this bill and #Trumpcare 

You should be ashamed of yourself
Noooo it does not fix ANYTHING.WHY is VA having problem all the time,under EVERY president.something is WRONG.This hand waving has to stop
You mean the only one ... even veterans think it's worthless.
Hollow victory...if victory is what you want to call it.
That not true all the great  legislative stuff he done to allow oil dumped in water etc has very significant to the Koch brothers
Only?
I admit. I kinda laughed. And then wasn't sure if I should cry instead.
He accompilished signing a piece of paper John.
While screwing veterans with the AHCA.
He's 0-3 on the travel ban, repealing the ACA, and building the border wall so sure, give him a cookie and a gold star.
Don't use "accomplishment" and "Trump" in the same sentence. Ever. Thx.
Yea!
And you are both still very horrible people. That hasn't changed
That's honestly not saying much. 15 bills repealing Obamacare. A bunch of other insignificant bills and then this....
But thank you for voting for Russian sanctions. Hopefully the WH and Ryan don't water it down or stop it all together
most significant accomplishment will be kicking  23,000,000 off health care. you'll be cursed for years for supporting this heartless bill.
Maybe the only? Get off the train John, it's a wreck waiting to happen
Most significant accomplishment @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @SenateGOP open and blatant collusion with Russia to destroy democracy in USA
That’s a low bar, dude, he’s a complete failure
Well we know you can count to one, how about a town hall during your summer break?
You're enabling a traitor and killing poor people..you're a sick person
Maybe the first too
And such a vast array of accomplishments to choose from...like this and.....well, that's pretty much it.  The rest is pretty embarrassing.
LOL Right?!? They are absolutely ridiculous. @JohnCornyn  has zero integrity. He's just a puppet for Trump 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Capitol Police are physically removing protesters who are staging a "die-in" in front of McConnell's office 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
Need lube to get out of that ass?
You mean the ONLY legislative accomplishment of the last 6 months, designed to make it easier to fire healthcare workers serving veterans.
We want more for our service men and a lot less for those who shouldn't be here!
More like the only.
