Smithsonian National Museum of African American History to feature Colin Kaepernick artifacts http://washex.am/2igdD0j  
It doesn't take a Museum display to appreciate & know the greatness of a man who has served this country well...Justice Clarence Thomas.
We're still waiting on him to earn that distinction.
If Justice Thomas were Black Liberal you wouldn't make your state. He's smart, he's Conservative. He sees right through the BS of Liberals.
No, you can't see through the B.S. of your beliefs and feelings and neither of those count. He didn't come to those conformation...
...hearings with near the resume' that Thurgood Marshall had. He was a pick by George H.W. Bush in an effort to secure more of the Black...
...vote,and of course, it didnt' work. Thomas was picked to to fill Marshall's seat and the seat is just too big for him. The museum...
...should never lower their standards to put up any kind of exhibit for Thomas. He cannot hold Marshall's robe or shine his shoes. Thomas...
...is just not worthy and it doesn't matter what you think about it.
Disgraceful!  What exactly is his contribution to America???
Nothing.
That is ridiculous.  Kapernick is a fad.
I'm so ashamed to hear this. Clarence Thomas is a great man who dealt with and has overcome so much adversity &  Kaepernick is a punk! Shame
Anita Hill was telling the truth.
Because you say so?  I don't think so.
Because I watched the hearings, and I believe Anita Hill.
So did I and I don't.
Embarrassing
Sad  Kaepernick is a poor example of black achievement. Must be an error
The good thing is that your opinion didn't figure in the decision,and that's not particularly unusual. No one asked you. Deal with it.
I can express my opinion just like you can so you deal with it
Oh, poo!   Put him next to Sanger as those destroying the USA.
In fairness, Clarence Thomas still has a career 
who makes these decisions.  funding ignorant  ideas like this. justice thomas is an American inspiration and a Constitutionalist.
Thurgood Marshall was the first and he's all that's needed. His background is more impressive than Thomas. Thomas hasn't written any ...
landmark opinions since he's been on the court. He's only played follow the leader and taken money for speaking at Tea Party functions...
If all you have to do to make it into a place of "honor" is to stage a protest, then the standards for inclusion are pitifully low.
So you say that about Dr. King,right ?
So far, he hasn't.
Shouldn't Kaepernick be in the Half-African Americans Raised by White People Museum, along with Pres. Obama?
SMH.
If only Byron York could do something worthy of mentioning him in the same breath as Justice Clarence Thomas!
This is blatant racism against a conservative, I hate that my side is so closed minded
What a stupid,stupid comment. Conservatism is not a race. It's a political philosophy, so it's clear you are a conservative.
Smithsonian is a joke!!
I always wanted to go there but not anymore. I'm ashamed.
Like sexually harass a bunch of women subordinates....
How do you showcase an incomplete pass!?
This is so wrong. Put a has been disrespectful ass but not a fine jurist like Clarence Thomas. No one should visit such a hateful place.
He's been on the bench long enough and has yet to distinguish himself as a jurist.
Exactly!! Well said, I'd rather see a SCOTUS Robe than a jock strap!!
No Town Hall yet John and this does what for Texas voters whom you have not met with in how long?
pictures of the family who adopted him and gave him every advantage to be included? 
Nope! Not conforming to the narrative!
Not surprised considering Nobel Peace prize was given to 44 when he still hadn't accomplished anything.
Sexually harassing Anita Hill probably disqualified him, no?
The "left" has gone completely mad. Their brainless defense of antifa will doom them. But they don't care
Unbelievable that this museum will feature Kaepernick but not a long serving African American Supreme Court Justice
They do feature a long serving African American Supreme Court Justice. Thurgood Marshall. He's the first and that's what counts.
Conservative and Catholic. What have the liberal on the court done?
Y'mean besides destroying the Constittution?
Have you been to the @NMAAHC? If you have you'd find the fallacy in this tweet...
Explain please.
He's in there so is Condi Rice and Colin Powell...
Good to know...  Thank you!!
@dcexaminer This so wrong!
If the dumbass had concentrated on playing football instead of showboating he might still have a job.
What a total bunch of crap!
Why  he just a athlete. Not a Brian surgeon
Clarence Thomas should never have been appointed or comfirmed. So many, many more qualified than he was or is.
You would think putting a pubic hair on a can of coke counts for something.
Total BS! I will never visit that place!!
Yeah, but Justice Thomas isn't woke enough
Never gonna happen....
BARF @Kaepernick7
Fantastic point......
Seriously misplaced values.
Keepernick has done nothing worthy for inclusion into any museum save "Hall of Ungratefulness"!
And MLK wasn't just a "blip"
Absolutely ridiculous.
No more donations to Smithsonian
Clarence could at least donate a can of coke to the effort....
Ripleys believe it or not might be more fitting.

They must need to fill up their museum and since he's no longer a financial burden to 49ers try to get it from someone else. Sad.
Is York obsessed?

Does not seem the same...
He already sexually harassed one lady, and was a sweet puppet for 30 years...
or pediatric neuro surgeon Ben Carson.    surely he has done something of significance to benefit humanity.
Are you kidding me? This has to be a joke??
You realize that vile POS Anita Hill also has some space there as well. That was pointed out to the perpetrators of the deed no response
This Blankhole is news worthy so far no job for this year in the NFL,
What a joke

A good reason to not watch nfl games; no one cares about personal statements or issues.  Why can't the audience just watch a game.
Maybe something like being appointed to the Supreme Court of the United States of America.
Justice Thomas is most likely perfectly  happy that he is not included in this museum filled with liberal crap. Thompson is a Patriot ♡☆♡☆♡☆
Hope Trump removes taxpayer funding for this museum until Clarence Thomas is included before an unpatriotic no talent football player is.
Such bullshit , reward a man that disrespected his country
Actually it was rewarding him FOR disrespecting his country.
What artifacts, a bench!
Why would you look for conscience in the media ? Hope springs eternal ?????
...so the player punished for racist comments is held up as an icon for racial justice?
What would that include?
is that actually a club he wants to be a member of now?
What artifacts could Kaepernick have?  Knee pads?  A cancelled contract? 
What a joke
I wrote about that. And Sen Brooke. Few media cared about insults to good men.
There more likely to put in a coke can to "honor" him...
Artifacts relate to history this implies kaepernick is history
Honoring the wrong one!'
Yes, it is shameful Justice Thomas is not recognized as he should be.
Hope he NEVER sees another team ...had everything handed to him and he threw it all away... hope to never see him again
If I was @JusticeThomas67 I would be proud to be excluded from that collection of commy crap! Beats hell out of 1/2assed QB!
I agree, Byron. What a shame.
Are you kidding me?? This know-nothing, do-nothing?
Insanity on steroids 
The hypocrisy is glaring! @smithsonian
A protester who hasn't voted and is not registered to vote over Supreme Court justice. Wow
The alt-Left under Obama has politicized EVERYTHING.
@mschlapp like propose to a muslim? Convert to #Islam?
They just rendered it unworthy of Thomas' inclusion.
So is there no mention of Clarence Thomas in the African American museum?
He never will.
Almost as ridiculous as when Obama got the Nobel Prize! LOL Not quite but almost.
@dcexaminer
Because he sat?
@realPolitiDiva @MariviTrump @SparkleSoup45 @Corrynmb Colin who?
I knew his brain would be found
Don't they have his public hair?
Why on earth would they want to have anything to do with him! #embarrassment 
Still time for Clarence to tear down a statue.
It is a disgrace that Mr. Thomas in not in the museum
Well Colin won't be using his football equipment anytime soon.
What a country.
The exhibit will read " Here are toiletries of one of the worst players in the NFL, When his career was ending he abdoned his audience "
Mr k is a big zero
Hopefully they put his career in the museum. He needs to be kicked out of the country!
For what?!! Hypocrites. It JUstice Clarence Thomas was ignored? That's why the left will never have validity!
@neilfrick @dcexaminer sorry Byron being a respectable member of our nation's highest court can't compare with a failed QB..
Smithsonian want Kaepernick in and Clarence Thomas out of museum. How pathetic is that! Typical DC drivel! US is upside down after Barry!
What a Shame. :(
#LyingLiberals @disco_dave78 #MAGA #Charlottesviille #AltLeft #Antifa #ImpeachTrump #CNN #Clinton @funder #SethRich #LiberalTerrorists
Bryon, your wit is way above the pay level of most of us. Keep it up , if you can take the responses.
Hi White People: you don't get to decide this one.
Thanks for being honest. Now please please please acknowledge and repent for #GOPSouthernStrategy
What his Muslim jihadists prayer rug?
They'll put right next to the Michael Brown memorial.
He's not black
What kind of statue should Clarence Thomas get, a pubic hair on a soda can?
Like sexually harass a peer?
What's a "Clarence Thomas?"
The leftist agenda!
The white Liberals are picking Heroes for black Americans all antisocial anti American individuals rappers or Kaepernick's
This is beyond insane.
Why we should boycott this museum until the board and mgt are changed. Ridiculous.
Yes, today's GOP thinks sexual assault makes you worthy.  Still supporting POTUS I see.
Attach This!
And to think that same museum had no room for Justice Clarence Thomas.
@dcexaminer
Patriots need to take a stand against this offensiveness !
Justice Thomas in 2020?
Oh, no...according to Marc Lamont Hill, Thomas is in a class with Loretta Scott King and Steve Harvey called "mediocre negroes".
That bar is really low over there I guess. I don't get why the tax payer has anything to do with this though.
He married that Tea Party lady.
@dcexaminer why are these tax payer funded "institutions" allowed to do this crap?  We need to say no and stop this
The progressives & Smithsonian are SICK! Need any more proof?
Colin is a has been. His own choosing.  What's to include?
Amen
OK, so now we know the SI is run by anti-American traitors too!

This is so very sad. Justice Thomas is such a kind and gentle man who has given so much to our country.
He gutted the voting rights act
This idiot shd go to Ghana & stay there.
Beyond ludicrous.
Absolutely
Might as well put his career in there too #Artifact
OOooof. The tweet and thread is a complete self own.
The bench?
Unbelievable
What a shitty thing to say. Extremely lame for a writer.
Yes as a lesson in how to destroy an NFL career in one season.
How about Dr Ben Carson or Condoleza Rice? Oops wrong side I guess. Maybe they will erase them too. # Kapernick

Appalling
Like resign!!!
Not bad for an Egyptian
Wow, no words.
Continuing to choose the things that help them to advance and achieve as a people...
Oh, for God's sakes....   :P
The 'museum' has just become a joke.
Well it's not like he's getting into the Hall of fame with THAT pass record..
I thought Cornyn was pretending to be like trump for brownie points. Now I realize he's just a less confident trump coming out of his shell
He'll look sweet next to Margaret Sanger.
Dozens of current and former NYPD officers rallied in support of Colin Kaepernick
What an appropriate last name you have...
Is that really the best you could come up with?  So pathetic...
Artifacts such as the remnants of his career
Why would anyone even mention him!  Bad behavior seems to get rewarded this day and age!
That's about as good as African American History is gonna get at this rate.
Condoleeza Rice might know of another person worth including.
Why?

Democrat women eat more than their fair share. Why children are starving for democrats.
Seriously......what a damn joke.
You mean like maybe put pubic hairs in all the sodas in the Smithsonian vending machines?
Like long dong silver? Yes if only....#AnitaHillIsMyHero
All conveniently testified to suddenly, years after the alleged incident, with zero proof or corroboration.
#FalselyAccusedByDems
It's so easy - convenient really - to deny sexual harassment, isn't it?
Like talk in court. Ever. Existing is not as important as doing.
Yes. If only
@dcexaminer disgusting
They degrade their museum to joke status by ignoring one of the most important Americans of African decent in the last 40 years
WHY???
Like a coke can with a pube on it?
Possessing integrity and a moral compass should be more satisfying than being included in a popularity contest.
If only BLM could do something they shouldn't be jailed 4....or different from "white supremacists" , ANTIFA. Tax $$s being spent on Anti-US
Soros $$$, Mr Socialism, Globalism and create chaos in the USA.
So wrong.
If only
Please, dont be a smartass.  DEFUND IT.
That's embarrassing for the Smithsonian.
Like not sexually assaulting women?
Speaking of Bubba, has the blue dress been on exhibit yet?
If only Clarence Thomas didn't use his position to roll back the gains we've made under the law.
No one is rolling back gains.
Are pubes on a coke can disqualifying?
You're a disgusting man and sadly your tweet probably qualifies you for a display in the mind of Smithsonian curators.
I'll be willing to bet the interest in this exhibit will be nil, but don't tell the curators. It's an exhibit someone paid to display.
What his underwear
