If u go back & look at things GOPrs, including ppl like @JohnCornyn have called "fake news" in last 6 mos, more than 90% already proven true
Wow. Misleading. Talk about the pot calling the kettle black.
Trying very hard to sleep at night. What happening in this country is very difficult to believe and for our senators just letting happen.
When you scream "Fake News" about anything you don't like, regardless of truth, you undermine the free press. That is remarkably unAmerican.
True. Plus the more someone claims fake news the more people look into it!  Better off ignoring or explaining than just label as "fake news"
Saying "This is inaccurate due to X, Y, and Z" is far more effective, IMO. Especially with reputable news sources. They issue corrections!
The Senator is allergic to reputable news sources.
Unless he's calling them fake, lol.
Why don't you show the world your healthcare bill then? Or would that be fake news too?
What the hell do you know about 'science' John? You & the @GOP are so full of crap when you're hugged it comes out of your ears.
Better percentage than our own president's official WH announcements on his twitter account
If I didn't have a migraine I could more coherently juxtapose this comment to the constant misleading rhetoric of Trump and Fox.
Both which you NEVER call out for misleading/flat out LYING. I have #hypocrisyfatigue and I'm pretty sure that's the @GOP goal.
PPS- Where is your quip for Trump's army of bots whose aim is to mislead 100% of the time?
Mistakes and logical speculation are not fake news. Creating false stories to target political opponents IS- #tRumpenabler
Whose measuring?? In court I'd hate to be convicted by jury on the 10%
@newtgingrich making a fool of himself on @ThisWeekABC
YOU John are the misleading one.Selling your soul makes it tough to be honest, listen to constituents and be brave. You Sir are treasonous.
The fake news crap that Trump started needs to stop. Its obvious what is tabloid and what is real news.
Totally doubt 90% true. Fake facts???
You go Comrade Johnny!!!  We all know how you and Donny T believe in science!
Oh, John... we already know you don't believe in science so calling something unscientific = true, yes?
you know what can be even more misleading then a possible 10%? a deliberate, proven 90%
Uhh I don't agree...pretty much all of the fake news has been exposed as lies. Clearly @kurteichenwald has a closed mind
Senator - Please choose the high road here.  This "Fake News" garbage makes you look just as guilty.
Here's 'fake news' for you John,... the @SenateGOP is holding open hearings while drawing up their healthcare bill & everyone's invited.
@kurteichenwald You are just acting like a child instead of working for TX. Us Texans don't like BS and you are slinging it.
Are you talking about Pizzagate? Seth Rich? GOP loves to scream fake news at anything not satisfying their agenda?
Just Like The Left Likes To Get Locked Up For Said Pedophilia Conspiracies Right? LAWL
Disgusting Animals
#sethrich
How Many This Week?
What percentage of 10% is lying by omission? Kind of like the AHCA bill -- omitted from view.
and news from GOPers has been 90% fake
Your math is not so good...
What's 100% true is that @JohnCornyn is afraid to do a town hall with his constituents.
Also, you're in Houston, right? Are you going to meet with any constituents who are not blind supporters? You represent ALL of Texas.
When can we vote you out?
Maybe, but what you and Trump are doing, is misleading, manipulative, and self-serving. Not what you were voted in for.
Uh...yeah! That's why you are such a problem.
Are you admitting you have lied 9 out of 10 times?
Stop. Lying. Senator.
What that means is that you lie 90% of the time. 10% is not enough to make up for that.
Not one of you is credible anymore. Sad.
Compare that 10% untrue to the untruths of the POTUS.
So even 90% guilty would call for impeachment of @realDonaldTrump. Don't you think?? @kurteichenwald
@JohnCornyn just like every other politician, he screams "fake news" when he can't justify his dumbass decisions.
You are horrible to care so little about the poor and needy Texans. Texas has the highest % of uninsured as well as most pregnancy deaths
And that's why you get your news from the Examiner and Fox News - their record of being right more than 90% of the time. 
Math is tough for John. Think he knows what 28% means?
if you are so worried about Truth, call out Trump every time he lies..then maybe we'll pay attention @txlege @senaterepublicans @TXDemWomen
So let's continue to call everything fake cause it bound to be true sooner or later GTFOH
Try listening to the people who elected you instead of the people who paid you off 
I hope you will be supporting and signing HR 790 restoring Glass-Steagall
John wants Texas to have strong position in New Soviet axis.
You are the king of BS and I can't wait til you're voted out in 2020. You do not work for the people of Texas!
Tell us about the healthcare bill.  Are you representing everyday Texans or are you representing the wealthy 1% and their tax breaks?
Here's a plan: if news is fake, present actual facts to dispute the claim. Otherwise, be quiet.
Not as confusing as total secrecy.  Is Trumpcare so bad that you can't tell your own constituents what you are gdoing?
Congressional leaders of the @realDonaldTrump Fan Club have no moral high ground to rest on when it comes to honesty and truthfulness. Sad!
Weird defense for a US Senator - "90+% of my accusations may be wrong but it's OK because I'm right 10% of the time!"  Glad you ain't a doc.
Might wanna jump off the sinking ship, Johnny.
I seriously cannot believe that you continue the discredit campaign.  #unAmerican #CORRUPTION #treason #fakepresident
@kurteichenwald Where did 90% come from? Made it up? I don't believe it. I do believe studies showing @POTUS negative news >90%
Kurt's stats are fake news. lol
It doesn't appear that these "scientific, precise" facts have made you rethink calling every news story you dislike "fake news." No lesson?
Which is what we've been telling you all along. But since, apparently, you don't believe in science or data you just whine "fake news."
@realDonaldTrump is the purveyor of fake news so @JohnCornyn you should have several seats. Tell this shit to your Friend Trump
JC will be last Repug on the Rump ship as it sinks under the overwhelming opposition of Americans. WE voted for HRC by over 3 million votes.
KE is a steaming lying  nothing erupting from him has credibility!
You really have no shame do you?
I found your error. It is your  ignorance in the meaning of words scientific and precise and phrase fake news.
BTW ... Where is this great and secret healthcare bill?  When will hearings take place?  When is expert testimony?  CBO score?
So you're confirming that 90% of the time your lying. That wasn't really necessary since you already have no credibility ... but thanks.
Huh?  So getting 1 out of 10 correct is good enough?  Will you please quit now and we'll fill your spot with a special election.
Remain silent and only be thought a fool. Open your mouth and remove all doubt. Thanks for always doing the latter John.
The other 10% has either not been proven yet or has been retracted.  That does not make it fake.
Yes, let's focus on the 10% instead of the 90%...

Seriously?
So can discrediting facts you should have the inside knowledge about.. Are you the one that is "fake"?
haha i know the maths are hard, but this means YOU are lying 90% of the time
Would you recognize truth if you saw it?
Then you acknowledge that you used the term 'fake news' just to try to shut down conversations, and you were right only 10% of the time.
Tell that to Fox News.
How do you like 16.667%? That's the # of our economy you're currently working on in SECRET! If you're so proud of your #AHCA show us!
29% is a good number. Queen, remind us all what that number represents?
Cornyn's approval rating!!!! She says while snickering with glee!!!
Bwahahahaha!!!!
The News I want is how are you voting on the secret healthcare Bill that the GOP is trying to ram down our throats.  Yes or No,
SERIOUSLY. Do you actually understand what you are saying!? Read what you wrote. And understand it please.
As a constituent, I want to see the health care bill. Stop trying to avoid it. The country deserves to see it. Do not vote until we do.
"Very scientific." That's rich, coming from a man who told us not to worry about CO2 emissions because it was "plant food."
So we should disregard all the truths, then?  You'd like that wouldn't you?
At this point you are pretty much just emulating Trump, a man under investigation for obstruction of justice. Not a great look.
"But the leaks!!!!"  Sounds of a delusional jackass not representing his constituents.
Like the misleading questions about Clinton when you should have been focused on the Russian election crimes against our nation, collusion?
John, verify information before dismissing it.
Argh it's you! You're the one misleading people. Damn it be better, John.
Have you always been this tweety? Or are you hoping to follow in the Dear Leader's fingersteps?
Your tweets are the real fake news.  90% of what you have claimed is false or fake and yet you snark about the 10% you were right. #Pathetic
Senator are you arguing that calling the free press fake news is good for America? Or is the issue whether or not DC pols are trustworthy?
Incorrectly labeling accurate news as false is damaging. Stop it.
John: your approval rating is 11 points higher than approval for AHCA. And your approval rating is 28%. Listen to your employers. #realnews
You are certainly an authority on "misleading," so I guess this is true.
The boy didn't have to cry wolf 9 times before the town stopped serving him.
You should know @JohnCornyn!  Most of what you say is "Fake News"!  Truth is "Fake" and lies are the truth.  Orwellian speak is your mantra.
Johnnie boy is at it again-His agenda is anti-American &  unpatriotic. If he cld kill all the little ppl he wld as demoed by supporting acha
It's the fact that you, like Donald Trump, call anything you don't want the public to know "Fake News." You're being dishonest.
Another useless tweet from our puppet senator #RESIGN Your constituents do not want you to vote for the ahca #stopahca We need transparency!
Show. The. Bill. We are going to work to toss your ass out.
Senator try fixing the 90%, we will worry about the 10%
I love watching your political death spiral through tweets
We're willing to up that to 100%. There's not a single case we can recall of @JohnCornyn labeling something as fake that he can prove fake.
Maybe you should do some research before call everything "fake news". Country before Putin.
but claiming 90% of truth is untrue is way more misleading, right?  seems like math
At least 9 out of 10 of your accusations about fakes news are lies, but we should trust you over the media? Please.
Wait, what? So you're okay with the 90% wasn't fake but is true but you're calling it fake? WTH?  John, time to retire.
@JohnCornyn I'm sure your intent wasn't to point out the 10%. Why not discuss the points you disagree with instead of crying fake news.
Ok let's talk stats: Never mind that 99% are oppressed by GOP plots. You protect the 1% who get fat profits, tax breaks, & exclusive deals 
Like you're insanely partisan tweets. Try doing the will of the people for a change. That's why your gerrymandered state elected you.
We know......you're right.  Breitbart, InfoWars, Fox News, etc. should cease and desist publishing fake news.
It's not like you would listen to a scientist anyway.
Mr. Cronyn do not allow someone like KE to set the table. Once you agree to his premise you are now on his terms. Now you're back peddling.
What's misleading is calling everything you don't agree with or that is inconvenient "Fake News"...
Uh, then how much more damaging is 90%.
Sadly Sen Cornyn is awfully misleading way more than 10% of the time
It's called human error. People make mistakes. What's important is to retract it.

90% untrue is a goddamn liar. #ImpeachTrump
We have a senator advocating for narcissistic revisionism of facts to suit a baby autocrat. Sad.

What are you doing to protect us from this puppet?
AP poll very precise, over 60 percent disaporoval rate for POTUS. You deserve that high
The point of this "fake news" BS is to erode our trust in the media and in actual facts when we see them.
Our leaders call things fake news and people listen - and assume the media is lying to us and thus we should only trust what the pols say
Clearly, the vast majority of "fake news" is true and newsworthy. Not the point - point is to manipulate us and reframe the narrative.
Real news is what they want us to hear; true news is their talking points.
And we need to call them on their bullshit!
Like most of the stuff your boy Trump says? Obama birther garbage? Your ok with THAT fake news. Why do u put Trump ahead of our country Sir?
I'm a Texan, cancer survivor, 62. I've called/written daily  re healthcare bill. NO response. Shame on you. #ShowUsTheBill
only fake politicians use the fake news excuse.   Fake senator, fake president,  only in it for the $$
#LastTermCornyn
You're proud of being wrong 90% of the time, John? That's a pretty low bar you're setting for yourself. Good luck with that.
You lying at 90% is more misleading. Your admitted lack of shame for it dishonors #Texas.
The problem is the GOP pushes 100% untrue stores ignoring anything true. Whatever gets them more is what they care about. @kurteichenwald
Really? I mean really?
How about starting with one "fake news" item.  The Senate healthcare plan is being done in secret.  Disprove it; publicly publish/debate it.
Pathetic. Deflection from the issue of millions of people needing healthcare & the secret bs will not cut it. Your lies do not cut it.
So is calling the truth fake news. You use that term whenever it suits you. And you lose my respect because of it.
This is more dribble from the Texas nexus of #LazyNews ... #Cornynhole
@kurteichenwald - "Fake news" has specific meaning. Misuse of the term misleads public & sows distrust of valuable dem soc norms
Get to WORK!!! Help our President or GET OUT!
Like suggesting Dems are responsible for the O-care meltdown as you down a few tweets down? The media corrects their inaccuracies. 
Why don't you be a man and be a Texan and stand up for your constituents? What's in the health care bill, Johnny?
What did you do to make your heart and soul find new homes?
You are a fraud.
Yes, John. And when you call something fake news that isn't, you too are being false and misleading. Stop it.
So you are saying that 10% error (which I think is much less and all corrected) means it's ok for you to continually see seeds of distrust?
John, the American voting public will not take kindly to those who stood with Trump tearing down all the institutions. We aren't anarchists.
seriously John, you are crying wolf and it's making you look so sad and pathetic to us, your constituents. Stop being a lemming and be TEXAN
doing a debate on the healthcare knowing how bad it is and using the house bill as a disguise til the last hour and switching it so no one
can have time to truly read it and debate it before the vote is very very dishonest and if you truly do something like that, will show how
#DoYourJob
What kind of argument is that? if 90% is true & u say fake then you aren't very bright. @kurteichenwald is right- your tweets are misleading
Yeah,  @kurteichenwald.  If you are interested in "scientific" Big Bad John is your go-to guy.  #MAGA #corny #texastextbook
Doesn't that make you a liar 90% of the time then? And it will become 100% when the last 10% is proven true too. Shame on you.
What is misleading is your lack of respect for the truth.
If only 10% of the allegations against trump are true I wouldn't think that most honest politicians would be very concerned. But Rs are not.
You guys were more than willing to entertain the notion Obama was Muslim and not American but deny actions that trump admits publicly.
You don't check facts, and apparently, you don't check figures either. You can do better.
Really?!?  Why do you keep trying to distract?! Stop sabotaging the ACA & fund CSRs #ShowUsTheBill #SinglePayer
"Will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?" Senator @clairecmc asked today in the Finance Cmte. You should watch: #Trumpcare 
Your whole term is turning out to be misleading. Meet with your constituents.
Fake news is something Putin says. We have to stop using this term. Very Orwellian.
I'm sure he is unaware that Fake News was used by Putin...before Trump
Interesting how Trump picked it up
Can I get the date for those hearings or was the tweet from you yesterday #fakenews
Stop it. You are becoming as petty and childish as the president.
This.
Oh my lord!  @JohnCornyn are you serious here!?  I am 90% sure you are in the pocket of the Pres and will lose your job
By his logic, that means you're 10% a supporter and therefore as good as completely on his side!
Please grow a soul and open your eyes to reality. You are instrumental in destroying our country. @GOP @realDonaldTrump
You're going on the defensive w this tweet & it makes you look Terrible just like T. Makes me wonder if you're hiding something. #TurnTXBlue
When you're describing true things "fake news" - which you are very definitely doing - the word for that is "lying." And it's bad.
@kurteichenwald Hold the press to high standard, agree, but hold your president to a higher one.
Can you hear yourself? You sound like T & it's not flattering. Facts are not Fake. You're not helping our country or TX heal. #TurnTXBlue
@kurteichenwald Holy cow, you can't. John, what is Trump's "untruthful" percentage? Way greater than 10% !!
Do a #TownHall to defend the #unicorn world you live in! What a joke!
@kurteichenwald Cornyn was a journalism major.He knows propaganda& how to recognize credible news sources.He's irresponsible.
Secretly meeting to discuss a healthcare bill that will affect all of your constituents is awfully misleading as well. Literally. #AHCA
Hope he will provide examples.
Can we have a town hall to discuss whether it is harmful to democracy to falsely deny 90% of true items for political gain?
Good Morning!  Where is town hall?  Show us TrumpCare bill.  Investigating Russia connex? Let's get together, talk abt fake news
is fake news in this day and age. He has no interest in saving America. Wants it to die with corrupt government.
You're really not clear on any of this, are you?
Jesus. Go back to bed and stop emulating the Trump Tweet behavior model. It's embarrassing.
Mistakes by reputable journalists aren't  fake news. That term undermines our precious freedom of press. US Senator doing that is disgrace.
His cult leader does it daily!
Asking about Hillary emails during #TrumpRussiaInvestigation can also be untrue and very misleading. #TownHallATX to discuss?
Cool. Cool. That's some wisdom. Thank you.

Where's our health care bill, Johnny?

Why are you too scared to let us see it?
Why won't you promote the GREAT healthcare bill, instead of simply denigrating and calling other info "fake news"?
Is the bill written yet? When are the hearings scheduled? How long is the markup time? What is the amendment period?
Use your access to voters on Twitter to educate people, not just ridicule them. We have a right to engagement from our representatives.
Since your in TX this weekend and obviously already awake, are you holding a town hall meeting?
I've seen you tweet twice. 
BOTH defensive. 
What have you done/what are you doing that is positive? How are you representing Texans?
He's not. He's representing whatever nightcrawler that has eaten the last bit of his humanity.
Very accurate description
Ester...my saying of the day! Kudos to you, my friend. May you have a nightcrawler-free life.
Don't engage @JohnCornyn on this topic. He wants to debate "fake news" and not trump team's ties to Russia. Classic misdirection
Also he's not claiming 10% untrue. Just 10% yet to be verified by the government.
10% waiting to be verified by @POTUS  tweet at 3AM.
What if same standard were applied to your tweeting?
So is hiding your Healthcare plan from the public fake news too Senator?  :(
Misleading is saying you represent Texans at 28% approval, but call their primary complaints about you fake news.
What he's saying is, you're either in denial, or part is the cover-up to protect the buffoon at the head of the GOP. Start paying attention.
This tweet is fake news.
Also...I really think you missed the point of Kurt's tweet lol
