You're avoiding your constituents.
Now if you could just meet with all of your constituents in Houston who have called and called your offices! Sad! #ShePersisted
el paso soon?
Should ur constituents(peasants) start GoFundMe account 2 raise money 4 an audience w ur highness(our so-called US senator)?
ALL of your constituents are great and deserve a voice!
in Houston your visit here wasn't extended to regular constituents like me. How much money does it take for my voice to matter?
can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen; cowardly
but no Town Halls????  #DoYourJob #RepresentationMatters
we missed each other and my wife and I call often
obviously, forgetting to tell your friend Brady about the Town Hall meeting invite in Conroe he missed. Tsk Tsk, John.
you cherry picked your great Texans.
who did you meet with in Houston, it was not with your constituents? You have ignored all requests for meetings.
let me call it what it was, invitation or secret meetings are of no help to your constituency.  Those u met with were not real
if you are too cowardly to hold town hall meetings you don't deserve to hold the office
Big fucking deal.  You only talked to people that line your pockets.
what about Dallas, Tyler, Denton, Midland, Lubbock, Amarillo, Corpus Christi, Beaumont, and El Paso? #fightforalltexans
No, Senator you visited donors.
group forum?
That's interesting Senator, because when your constituents called out your name while in Austin, you ran away.
Weird, I've called your office several times, asking when you'd be in town, never heard of this.
Did you meet with any of them in a public forum?
so, you weren't accosted by "paid for" Town hall minions? You aren't playing by the script.
None of which were #TownHalls. Will you please hold one?
your actions are those of an authoritarian Nazi. Not a Christian & not a representative of the people. You should listen more
is a Coward... Meet your constituents and do your job.
not notified about Houston, either
Vist them and tell them you support the President who builds the WALL.  Texans voted for the President with open eyes.
.@JohnCornyn Staged visits with the few fans you have left? How corrupt and convenient. #resist
Carefully vetted, selected Texans, right?
I guess the only "Great Texans" are your donors
too much of a coward to hold town halls. Only cherry picked who you deemed worthy. We will remember this.
too many Democrats infiltrating them.
what does that even mean? Democrats and Independents shouldn't attend #TownHall meetings? We can't speak?
the ones being paid are the ones I have a problem with.
No time to meet with the RABBLE, I guess.  You say your Our rep, but I guess you only rep those with MONEY, huh?  PHONY!!
huh, that's funny. I called your office just the other day and they said you weren't meeting with constituents
when r u visiting Galveston County?
but you haven't held any town halls in Dallas (or anywhere to my knowledge). Meet all of your constituents, not just chosen few.
too bad your definition of "great" doesn't include your everyday constituents, just special interests.
in open forums? If so thank you.
I'm north of Houston and wasn't notified you were meeting anyone. Fundraising is not meeting with your constituents. #TownHall
Many in Houston would have loved to "visit" w/you in a town hall. As our employee,we have ?'s about your work. Unsatisfactory.
any open to the public? And promoted ahead of time?
how much money do I need to talk to you?
yes you have. You only met with other politicians and border patrol. When is your TOWN HALL!!!?!?!?!
Are town halls not great enough for you, Senator? Your constituents deserve them.
When will you meet with some of your great Texas constituents?
I'd love to meet with you and consider myself a great Texan. Can this be arranged or are we still doing pay to play? #DoYourJob
All of them paid events? Or actual constituents who have been asking for you to hear their voices heard? #resistancerecess
Still waiting in Corpus Christi!
.@JohnCornyn I live in the Houston area and didn't get an invite.  Perhaps you could visit with all constituents vs handpicked supporters
It is 1 thing to not have townhall, but to insinuate that ur available to  constituents is even lower. #theeyesoftexasareuponu
Those great Texans will come looking for you when the Texas economy takes a plunge due to your genius deportation plans.
I live in Houston but didn't get to meet with you. Who gets to meet with you?  Donors?  Why not have a town hall?
I'm interested in starting a super PAC to support the Texas senators that meet with their constituents.  Thoughts?
town hall?  Please and thank you.
And let 0 of us know about opportunities to meet with you to discuss issues.
Please hold an open Town Hall meeting with your constituents in Fort Bend County. We are also "great Texans."
When are you having a town hall in Houston so your constituents can meet with you?
meeting a few GOPers isn't a town hall. #townhallforall
did I miss your town halls?  Oh, maybe only those that line your pockets are worth your time. I do pay your salary, btw.
Well of course you did.  You did not meet with the constituents asking for @townhall instead, sycophants.  Your echo chamber.
Be a Man Sen. & meet the people u represent! You met with special groups in these cities!  Friends, let's not forget on #2020
how many zeros need to be on the check to meet with you John?
where did the visits take place, would love to know.
The love of money is the root of all evil.  This applies to a lot in our government.
Don't conradulate yourself. Great Texans=NRA & donors.Constituents got nada, no town halls @townhallproject  @womensmarch #Swamp
At private events. #shame
and yet you couldn't find time for a town hall with constituents? This does not endear you to us.
How many town hall meetings?  When were you in Houston and was it a public meeting or a fundraiser?
#Cowards are happy to meet w/ those who agree w/ them. Be a leader & meet w/ your constituents who don't! 2020 is coming soon!
interesting. You didn't make it to any of the town halls you were invited to.
Donors or constituents?
Meet with "regular" Texans who aren't a photo op or donated $ to your war chest! We r ur constituent too. #cornyntownhall
I called your office and was told no town halls. Because why would you care about the people you pretend to represent
how much does it cost to meet with you?
I'm in Round Rock and never saw that we would have the opportunity to meet with U. After next election U will not represent me.
great seeing you in Austin!Thank you for filing the HEALS Act  to ensure #domesticviolence victims have housing @family_place
no town hall
So man up already!
listen to your constituents. We don't bite.
about time you start making the rounds with ALL your constituents, not just those who pay to meet with you.
you don't get to do what you want without hearing our voices; unless you don't plan on running in 2020.
Where did you meet in Houston????  No announcement? Did you just meet with contributor's?
you represent us, remember that.
so, meet with us.
it would be... unwise to ignore the majority of your constitiuents.
you understand we vote as well, right?
is it that we have to be rich and pay you absurd amounts of money?
Really? I don't recall having the opportunity to meet with you in a public forum with my fellow Texans.
and returned to Washington and done what??
Were these visits for donors or constituents?
They were not TOWN HALLS!  Remember that you are supposed to work for US!
---- you didn't meet with constituents although you're trying to make it sound like that. Liar!
I follow you on Twitter, Facebook and receive your newsletters and I live in Houston, yet was not notified, why?
November 3rd 2020.  We will not forget and WE WILL VOTE.
But when I call your Austin office to ask about appearances no one answers.
You are truly insulting. This tweet reads like a note from your mom, excusing your absence cuz the dog ate your homework.
But not your constituents! We sir are great Texans as well......shunning us does not help your cause!
.@JohnCornyn I hope you are reading the responses here. Your constituents are not very happy. They want you to commit to town halls.
yes but they were all paying customers or high-profile people. All of your constituents should have access to you. #TownHall
When were u in Houston? Didnt see any announcements. You must have not wanted anyone to attend #DefendYourself #ExplainTrump
I live in San Antonio, no town hall? Only fundraising? Can't wait to vote you out. Do your job until then!!
Dallas??
great final lap #bye
Another poster boy for Term Limits!
Did you meet with any pesky constituents? Why not hold a single town hall during one of our most divisive times? #doyourjob
he must be having SECRET meetings. No one knows you are there till you tweet that you were there!

SAD!
"GREAT TEXANS" being code for big donor alt right supporters?  When did middle class and poor folks get a chance to ask you info
the media didn't show up to the events where people supported #POTUS ? I guess they only cover the ones with planned protest
and what were you doing?  Surely not meeting with your constituents!  Good old boy that you are!  You sure do tweet a lot like T
No one had any idea @JohnCornyn was going to be around.  Where was the announcement  @JohnCornyn?
you were in Austin? Hmmm somehow I missed you. I had lots to tell you as you'd know from my tweets and calls. Maybe next time
not publicly... You're bought and paid for. Corporate shill!
don't try to make like you met with your constituents in open town halls.
Keep avoiding your constituents and we will vote someone in office who will visit with us #votehimout2020 #actuallyvoted4u #sad
, jetting around Tx sucking up to donors while avoiding constituents isn't something to be proud of.
i'll echo what everyone else is saying - when are town halls?? thousands of texans are waiting...listen to your constituents
no townhall????  Who are these great Texans you speak of? 
I live in Houston. I would have come to see u if u had told me u were here. Let's schedule something soon. A #townhall maybe?
none of those were town hall meetings!  Do those of us that voted for you now have to pay to see you in person?  How much money?

U show up & they question nothing because u wouldn't stand 4 that. But TXn's r scared & angry about losing AHA & walls & bans.
sounds like a Jonny Cash song. 
Great Texans putting money in your pockets but not your constituents! #FullofShit
Come to NTX. Let's talk. #RESISTANCE
When are you taking time for a town hall instead of fundraising with your rich buddies?
Hope your donors can vote you back into office next election because the people you represent sure aren't. #coward #TownHall
JUST HOLD A TOWN HALL are you serious??!! Is this because you have too many angry constituents flocking to your office?
no townhall. Guess you don't care about your constituents in Houston. Or maybe none.
but NO town hall for your constituents. Will not vote you back into office. You work for me yet ignore request to talk. Shame
Did you happen to meet w/any of the THOUSANDS that asked you not to confirm Devos & you ignored? They're the true great Texans.
#FakeMeetings
yes you did but no town halls. Just saying.
How about your constituents? Doesn't count when you only meet with those who agree with you. Town hall
and not 1 town halll meet...nothing to be proud of
I would like to donate in order to ask you questions like they did. Would you prefer Dollars, or Rubles, comrade?
it's really disappointing that you only visit with people with #deeppockets who agree with your views. Challenge yourself a bit.
Nice try. Is this tweet supposed to make yourself feel better? Try having A TOWN HALL instead of your little    visits.
I asked your austin office if you were holding a town hall- was told no. As your constituent I'd love to see you in person.
So when are you coming to Dallas for the big #TownHall ?!
You mean you drove through?  Didn't stop though did you.
I know a lot of "great" Texans that would like to meet with you. And we'll do it in one place: Dallas. How about a town hall?
well i live in Austin and I didn't get a chance to meet with you? Were you not available to the public?
What will your legacy be? You are writing your story right now, is this how you want to be remembered? #shameonyou
Yeah? Houston?  Where?  Is your phone working? Taking messages? Staff answering the phones? Your hiding in plain sight. Townhall
and still no town hall
and not one constituent
you mean "I had cheap photo-ops several times, while avoiding Texans who wanted to ask you questions"---cowardly cornyn
And?
Sir, you need to meet with Texans who aren't industry leaders or donors. We vote; you might want to pay attention to us.
but not your constituents at a #TownHall
hmm, but yet you won't meet with constituents worried about democracy in this country. Only willing to meet extremist GOPers?
where u in Austin today for the march against the ban and wall u voted yes too ?
I'm a great Texan in Corpus Christi area. I'd love to attend a town hall. I'm sure you'd like to talk to people you represent.
why won't trump release his taxes. Get his taxes released. Bannon wants to get rid of the gop too
But you skipped Dallas. :(
Eight days of traveling, and no time for a town hall? You really show us everyday Texans how much you appreciate us, sir.
you forgot a word: "I've visited with (select) great Texans...". How about giving us regular people a chance? #TownHall
meeting with contributors is not meeting with constituents, Senator.  #doyourjob
When is your next DFW town hall? #TownHall
I live in Harlingen and had no idea you were here. Must not have been open to the public, no wonder you found it pleasant #weak
Were these visits part of #townhallmeetings? If so, please provide timely notice next time. If not, you need to have them soon.
I'm in SA - where do you publicize meetings?
we're still waiting in DFW...
Lies!  In the last 8 days, Johnny, you've run scared. No town hall.
Thats funny because people from those areas keep asking for a town hall
did anyone attend any of these visits? & Have you held any town hall meetings? Yet!
so to you, you have to be a rich white guy to be a great Texan?
Where/when were you in Austin? I missed you!! Will you come back?
You mean you met with the fat cats with deep pockets?
how about a Townhall in Dallas?
Lots of great Texans would love to go to your next #townhall
but too busy to meet with constituents who requested to meet with you.
you have only met with select groups. When is the #townhall ?
but you did not have one town hall anywhere. Glad you had a cool break though!
& ZERO town halls. You work for us remember! #DoYourJob #texas
When is your town hall meeting? Your constituents deserve a meeting with their Senator.
But did you hold any actual town hall meetings with us "great Texans?"
Great, but there's so many more towns in TX, lots in NCTX.
Coward, Answer your phone.
@judgejeffbrown 
We won't tell anyone that you said you liked #RoundRock the most.
how many town halls did you hold?
lies I didn't see you once
How does a regular person get the chance to meet with you? And why do you think it's okay to exclude constituents?
but you didn't hold a single town hall or give citizens a chance to talk to you about issues!!!
I guess you keep those dates exclusives for donors/Rs. I am a constituent too and would have liked to attend a meeting.
You met with private groups, and not in events open to the public. Your lying through your teeth.
come to El Paso! You represent us also!
Did you meet any constituents @JohnCornyn or just donors? #TownHall
Round Rock?  I live in RR? How were we supposed to know about this?  Was it open to the public? Donors only?
