Hell no
Anti environment, anti science, childish tweets, threatening nukes, too much golf, only wants to reverse Obama laws, clear lies. Want more?
January to August is only 4 months apparently
See right at 2008 where it went up? Been going up ever since. How did Trump make that happen?

The falcons had shirts made!! Haha!! Fucking hell this has nothing to do with what he said.
Great, now can we move into the 21st century and renewable energy please?
We do have renewable energy. What we don't know is if we are impeding the earth's processes and to what extent. I say we make this a goal.
We absolutely know that burning fossil fuels and spewing CO2 & more into the atmosphere is affecting the Earth's processes, tremendously.
What we know absolutely is that all life on the planet requires CO2 &we should practice empirical science to understand what amounts r good.
BTW when I say emperical science I am looking for a result more substantive than "tremendous" so I can differentiate 2017 & 2016 tremendous.
Oh FFS. The rate of CO2 increase is unprecedented. The damage it's doing & will do is staggering.
Again,"unprecedented" & "substantive". I was more interested in something like a number followed by a % sign referring to a period of time.
I'm not sure how the chart on that page fails to answer your question. 5000 years of cooling negated in 100 years?
Good thing as long as gas prices go down and Russia is made to suffer.
USA is fracked
@SecretaryPerry  SOS VENEZUELA PLEASE PLEASE
I wished we had a leader as strong as Trump. Proud, passionate and openly honest.
WTH r u talking about? The man's a liar Thief Criminal uninformed not educated just lies! Scary scary man! He's not in the dump?
Brilliant leader.  Best seen for any country in world ever.  Love him. Best thing ever happened to USofA
Am I the only one who sees the word, "net" in that statement?

Which multi-national corps?
Also; to whom are they selling that gas?
BAM! Making America Great Again! Jobs, jobs, jobs!!!! 
Lmao. #trumpbot
Very good news, thank you!!!
US to become ??? when??  and to whom will it be going??
Keep denying climate change to
Where will u drill i read u r giving away our national parks & BLM lands. Those belong to the future generations.
This won't last long with new Globalist & leftists beginning WH takeover. Hope stock holders are prepared.

Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 
ray SD yyyygy  be
A hobby
What! Speak American. Here in America we speak American.
Thank you sec Perry good job
NAFTA have anything to do with this?
Wonderful news for the country. Energy so important. Chip away some on trade imbalance.
Oh no! Not US LNG! No no no #ausecon
Bad news for the environment. Alternative energy needs to be supported by this backward administration. Smell the future!
Wow! Once you found your office,  you REALLY got down to work! Orrrrrrrrrr....that was probably going to happen anyway! Thanks @BarackObama
Energy independence is #1 for USA
WORKING AMERICA is the BEST AMERICA
Bring natural gas cars (they've existed 4 decades in other countries)
And he can take the rest of his rhino herd Mc Cain and the speaker of the house Ryan w him!
Export to WHERE??? The Majority of countries with money are using solar and wind power.
China
So rather than follow thru with the opioid crisis and team up with China officials to stop the illegal sale of fentanyl, we team up
For his rich friends to profit. SMDH. He @RickPerry420 way to profit not only off your friends backs but from illegal DRUG smuggling
Love it!
Is this why USA & Saudi Arabia and other countries rise Up Against Qatar because they want controll Of tHe natural gas INDUSTRY? Amswer=YES
It is sad that you are in charge of the Energy Dept. when you cannot face Global Warming as a real happening. So sad for this country.
Oh mah gud dude really 95% of this planet dissent care. Move if you don't like it move to one of those countries
While killing the rural population who live by fracked wells. The air and water is poisoned. Interesting that you see the positive in that.
Sometimes you have to thin the herd. Just saying. Like only the string survive God bless
so it's ok if the next drilled well goes in your back yard?
Yes.,, put in a whole "string" of wells.  Lol 
Suicide isn't funny.
Its all #Trumps doing and it will continue to get better. We have 7 more years of growth under #Trump administration.
No, no this is also part of something Obama did that finally is being acted out. So, #ThanksObama #fucktrump #lazytrump #russiagate
How dare you speak to The President this way, have some respect you communist
Were gonna need to build more boats! Hay! You need a job?
Thats my Gov. Perry! Great pick Trump.
Thank god , if we had to import it, we would have to start another war to steal it
You are literally killing our planet and dooming our grandchildren to live in a barren and inhospitable wasteland! #CleanEnergyNow
Thanks to #Fracking and the good citizens of these United States giving up their water table. #NotWorthThePrice
How long did it take president Obama to criticize black live matter let's be honest leftists media you would serve the nation more#honestly
Remember to thank Obama for putting us on this path. YOU did NOT do this in a few months. Obama MADE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. Btw Nice glasses.
?
Great job !
Rick Perry, go home to Texas.  But then.....we might not want you back here.  What will you do then? Retire somewhere on a pacific island?
Great news. Thank you for keeping jobs in the US. When & on what date is the US to be entirely energy INDEPENDENT? Anticipated date  is OK.
IMAGINE---Last year you could not even spell DEPT of ENERGY and now you IS IT.
US Wins; Canada Loses. More such outcomes are already in the pipeline (i.e. EXISTING pipelines)! @JimboPopowich
So, we rape our land, poisin our water, sicken our citizens to send gas to other countries. How is Putin involved in this.
Was made possible by strong and WISE leadership of President Barack Obama!
Peery its death. Nothing we drill or take out if earth this breaking it is good news there are better options.
Prepare the best offer price and sell natgas to poland, special discounts we need to buy
Thank you @POTUS44
stupid idea..cheap natural gas is what makes America GREEN..why drive the price up?
horrible idea..drive the domestic price down!!!
Making us great again, with or without Congress!
@peddoc63 @WhiteHouse Let's see some US flag ships carrying it!!!
At the cost of shaking oklahoma into a global center of earthquakes.  Thanks for that.  My insurance company loves the extra $$$
Good news? For whom? Corporations? Not the people, this will go into the pockets of the CEO's & the wealthy! Fuck'n Hypocrite!

Who would be best to replace Mitch McConnel?
yes, we will take all your energy and convert it to energon and use it to DESTROY YOU ALL!! #Starscreamforpresident
#ThanksObama for lifting the export ban!
N?o?
@OneBADMAC @WhiteHouse hopefully gas prices will go down and the state want feel like there owed a tax
God Bless President Trump!  America's Coming Back!
JOBS JOBS JOBS
MAGA!
I think gas, coal, & oil r great temporarily but we need to get biofuel going. Turn garbage into fuel. Serves 2 purposes & we never run out!
Good Job! Now lets get busy on that WALL
Awesome!
You remembered what department you're in charge of! Congratulations!
lying liars finally admit that fracking sacrifice zones & destruction r for corporate profit not domestic energy independance. thieves
Praise God!!! It's about time!!  THX
Shut the border pipes from Canada and we might get a decent price for it. Joking, we love Canadians, they're funny.
GO President Trump!!!
"I was just doing my job" won't fly this time.
Rick Perry works for a Nazi.
Great work
Great News Sir
It's about time
Having fun destroying the environment? Your children and grandchildren will thank you for it no doubt.
Thanks for helping Trump MAGA
Oorah...
FANTASTIC!!!!!!! Lets get the OIL flowing now. We can regain our rightful position. @SecretaryPerry Good job Keep rocking!! #MAGA
Good news indeed! Well done Sec. Perry!
Ty Texans r proud of u
Excellent!!  Send it to Eastern Europe and watch Russia freak out.  Am I correct @PhelimMcAleer
Look whose talking. Doesnt even know what job he took. Loser
Good news???? Our childrens water supply is being poisoned by the extraction process...WE WANT CLEAN ENERGY!!
Rick Perry you are goofy you always were
Nobody spends somebody else's money as wisely as their own. When can we expect a retroactive negative income tax to become adopted globally?
George Washington is known as the FATHER of our country. ..Donald Trump WILL BE KNOWN as the SAVIOUR of our country! !!!
Gas and coal? What about solar and wind?
Thank you @POTUS for making a difference and putting America First.
Job well done! 
It sure is and I'm happy Sec Perry tweeted about it I didn't see it on MSM!
You won't..it's not about Russia! 
How silly of me ! 

They (countries) shouldnt buy your NatGas
Congrats Ricky!
This is great! Kudos from a US citizen that finds nearly all of the Administrations actions reprehensible. Keep up the good work.
That is one cargo vessel I would not choose to ride.
The Democrats & RINOS are leaving America?
Oh happy day!
Any thing from MSM ?
Then time all gop woke the hell up &  backed potus bigtime
Obama said that earlier.
This has huge geopolitical implications. Gives Europe alternate nat gas source from Russia/N Africa. Excellent policy over multiple admins.
America has been exporting fuel for last 3 years under OBAMA. Largest oil producing Nation under OBAMA.

F....k you rick perry!!!!!!
USA needs to build new oil refineries soon!
Hi Rick! Miss you as my Governor. 

#TX
We don't want to be outbid for our own American Nat Gas. EXPORT TAX !!!!
Great work Governor! Its easy when you have the support and leadership! Question...Trump got Poland as a customer, u should go get one.
He is a businessman, he would love that shit! Come at him with like...Turkey.
@POTUS @WhiteHouse So, are we selling NatGas to Europe cause of Russian , Is Exxon involved. And does Trump have a piece.
More winning.
LNG  = LYING NATIONALLY for GAIN
God knows you care about energy and the EPA. Oops!
Still confused about your job description, I see.
Try exporting your precious coal. Let other countries share in polluted air. Why should we be the only ones wearing masks with China?
Y'all be saying "Thanks, @barackobama!"
Go Perry! Glad you are on Trump's team. All's well that ends well!!
Worked the project that came from.
Donald Trump has shown repeated contempt for informed and wise counsel.  He is sick of mind, impetuous, arrogant, belligerent and dangerous.
Awesome keep up the great work!
There is no CLEANER energy than natural gas !!!
About time thank you , president Trump
Rick Perry has enabled himself as the weakest American politician in USA= a schleptard for the ultimate weakest leader @potus. Shithole
LOL at Rick Perry he completely failed at running a presidential campaign and now he is sticking his nose all the way up ass of his captors
#Lord #Blessings #people #selah 
Selah can not be achieved under this administration. Show me it can or can't!
God bless our country and our President
Excellent!!!
Yahoo!!!
we're all gonna be wearing gold plated diapers 
#morecowbell
poo adadaakb
 That's my President!
Best President Americans have seen for years!! God bless you Mr. President!!
Great job Secretary Perry! #MAGA
It's about dang time
Yet another Trump administration success!  Kudos Sec Perry!
Destroy our country to earn money for corporate America.. way to go destroyers of the environment! . 
By the way are you willing to drink the water from wells where the land is fracked to get the Gas?
We have enormous untapped Nat Gas resources.  Excellent action Mr. Secretary.   Also, please lower penalties on our independent refiners.
Rick Perry destroyed Gulf of Mexico allowing rigs to leak entire time in office! My friends are attys there that know his filthy OIL POLICY
Disgusting! Now USA will like like filthy oil soaked beaches w flesh eating bacteria like Galveston! I'm from OIL mecca filth you created
we don't know what that really means, Rick. U need to wk w/EPA to keep controls in order 4 environment, not cheat 4 trump who cares abt NADA
And the gas comes directly out of RP's ass
Already happened some time ago
Go ! Go ! Go !
you're still gonna get us all killed
Unsustainable. Let's keep the dinosaurs in peaceful rest and use the sun while it lasts
Why is mass consumption good news to the General Public who have to breathe and suffer asthma and other health issues 4 consumption of money
Why aren't you as honest about wind and solar as you were when you were Governor? Hope you enjoyed selling your immortal soul.
I think that is really a big deal and I hear nothing about it on news from press.
This is wonderful!
How about solar instead? How can you be so short sighted? #natgas? Coal next right? Maybe steam if the industry is big enough? #SAD
No spelling mistakes? Who has control of Rick Perry's twitter?
Never in the future cry, because in the present you deny your own supply. #Myopicplanning
All down to Obama's administration allowing export of petroleum products back in 2014! A true development!
How's that Russia thing going?
Great news!
Just don't give away the farm for short term gain!
DUH!? & THAT'S OBAMA'S DOING! SO DON'T TRY TO TAKE CREDIT! NEVER SAW AN ADMINISTRATION THAT DENIES WHAT IT DOES & TAKES CREDIT FROM OTHERS!!
Rick you suck
Yeah 
at the expense of the environment-hurray!
Well done! The LNG market is a clean alternative to help diversify and fuel the energy grid while growing jobs & economy #MAGA
I knew Perry would be the best. He was the best for Tex. Yahooo. Great Job. Now if only we could get our senators the dead beats to work
"That's great!" Thank you.
That's not good news, jackass! That means more fracking and drilling which means more man-made earthquakes and more environmental hazards.
Fake news
To what countries are the exports going.  Western Europe.Ukraine? New company in Ukraine.  Seabee base built. Sanction Russia. Steal market
Awesome! Thank you Secretary 
Happy
If the cabinet, Veep, and Pres would all shut the loose lips, on you are talking about gas not not air!
Were will the loading terminals be located? Will we be building a US FLEET of LNG Ships ? Or relying on foreign vessels?   Thanks
