This strategy is maybe the strangest yet. Even if CBO is EXTREMELY wrong, this number very likely rises under GOP plan. https://twitter.com/johncornyn/status/879481032151629824 …
Hey Senator, a quick search on ur website of "CBO" returns 5 pg. full of statements from u CITING the CBO on various issues.





Yes, you are smarter than economists w/ PhD's? I'll take their figures over yours anyday. You lie #GOPfail #resist
No it's not.
"invariably wrong" seems to be a sentiment the GOP should get familiar with these days
Math does not lie.
 Might I refer you to this. Make up your mind man!
You know who else is invariably wrong, Senator? YOU and the entire GOP.
No sir. YOU are wrong for jeopardizing your people's health and lives so the rich can get tax cuts.
You do realize you're the villain in this story, right? Has that occurred to you?

Okay, I admit. I had to look that one up. And it's bloody brilliant! 
It's only wrong when Gops want to say it is.
Up til this year, you always thought they were right!
I guess 'non-partisan' is toxic to someone with such a blind loyalty to their 'dear leader'
You are making our country WEAK with these policies that enrich the rich and diminish the poor and sick.
Occasionally, not invariably. Usually, they are pretty close when all of the variables are considered.
What Christian takes basic healthcare away from the poor and most vulnerable amongst us???
.@JohnCornyn Here's his San Antonio office number: 210-224-7485. They're answering right now
Unless it suits your bullshit narrative
Liar 
yet you praised the score relentlessly? Make up your mind man
I would expect you would say this! You use CBO against ObamaCare but it doesn't count on your "mean" healthcare? Vote this guy out of office
What proof do you have that it is wrong? Prove it!
Cornyn supported the Bush tax cuts and Iraq war. Enough said.
49 million is a lot of human lives to gamble with. Humans.
Are you willing to guarantee that 22 mill won't lose their insurance?
always? https://www.cornyn.senate.gov/content/sen-cornyn-cms-report-shows-reid-bill-worse-doing-nothing … https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/6347789705 … https://www.cornyn.senate.gov/content/sen-cornyn-seniors-need-know-their-medicare-benefits-won%E2%80%99t-change …
CBO: HC premiums for individuals will go up 11-13 percent under Reid bill (p.4). http://bit.ly/8nsThp
What you are planning to do to 50-65 year olds is downright cruel. We are the ones who vote remember. #TrumpCareKills
I am throwing the BS flag on this. So predictable to find fault because the info is against the bill. Grow a pair and say the bill is bad.
The new version won't work. Taking disposable income from people to pay for health care will slow down the economy
how does this fix what was wrong with ACA? Like not enough Drs accepting plans?
Hilariously continues to cite CBO numbers on deficit reduction. So in other words, "CBO is wrong...unless they suit my narrative"
Tom Price picked the CBO so good try
Says who? You? Trump? hahahaha...or is it Mitch? hahahhaha...Texas deserves better representation than what they get from Cornyn.
Numbers don't lie.  R plan will damage more people than help.  If you held town hall you'd know what your constituents wanted
It predicted 89% coverage by 2016, and that's what we had in 2016.
That's right. If you don't like the Humber, say they're wrong. Pathetic
Just like your moral compass. 
But you just pointed to it as reducing the deficit - is reliable or not ?
@ACLU @AaronBlake Nonstop @NAACP genocide by FRN ponzi scheme @POTUS & @jeffsessions drug war, but @USCBO is wrong? http://abhmuseum.org/war-on-drugs-or-war-on-blacks/ …
Your arrogance, greed and hubris are eventually going to bite you in the ass
You haven't given your constituents enough time to read and understand the proposed hc plan. Thus far, it looks like it will hurt too many.
Let's say the CBO is off by a factor of 2x. In that case only 11 million people would lose their health coverage. Perfect!
Maybe you should fact check before you regurgitate DJT talking points.
Says who?  They were pretty much bang on with Ocare prediction.  Millions joined and got healthcare.
The cost of a Senator to sell out his constituents - killing them & denying healthcare? A mere $180,050 to buy this dirty Texan!
So, tell me again why we should think the GOP is actually trying to help us when everything says we are just disposable to them? 10/10
are being heard when US eugenics movement was inspiring the likes of Hitler.  POTUS worships dictators that cruelly kills their people 10/
Literally everything the GOP is doing screams "We want the burdens on society gone.  We do not want to heal them". Echoes of 1921-1933 9/
Get a job for 64 days with healthcare that gets sent overseas, you get no healthcare for 6 months. 8/
It is now our fault if we get hurt, sick, pregnant...and the BCRA ensures we get to bear the brunt of this.  No healthcare for you! 7/
American's are just lazy says the GOP surrogates, get a job and get on employer plans, which would be gutted under BCRA.  6/
selling BCRA?  "Personal responsibility". The elderly, children, Vet's are to blame for needing health care.  They need to get a job! 6/
Exhibit 2-BCRA starts with tax cuts for ~ 35 pages before discussing care.  BCRA reduces Medicaid by $700 billion.  And how is the GOP 5/
Disposable is how GOP actions consider American's, and most horrifically, our Vets that get sent into harm's way. 3/
There is, however, a preponderance of evidence to argue they are out to kill us with with malevolent, willful intent.  Disposable 2/
We the people need to stop assuming the GOp, thereby Cornyn's,  agenda is to help the poor & middle class. Zero evidence to support that.
1/
Agree with this so much. Very likely your GOP Senate bill has larger growth in uninsured and much less deficit redux than CBO predicts.
Your callousness amazes me. You want to "get to yes" on a bill that drastically cuts the poorest 5th of American's healthcare. #Maddow #AHCA
5% wrong? 10% wrong?
Even IF it was fully 50% wrong - - you're still denying access to health care to more than 10 million Americans.
Number one  sabatour of the ACH
Prove it! Schedule a televised debate between you and Keith Hall ASAP. If he can convince Americans your right I'll vote for you in 2020.
You know what else is "invariably wrong"? Taking away healthcare from 22 million people! #justthefacts
Why are you lying? Does #Putin have a pee pee video on you too?
And you're a proven liar .... so who to believe?  Hmmm .... I'll take the CBO since you lie as much as @realDonaldTrump
John, are you calling all the hard working ppl in the CBO office liars? Sounds like you John.
@AaronBlake Everyone knows CBO is useless in predicting anything so WHY does everything go through them? More DC corruption!
John you say its wrong when not in your favor then praise CBO when it is... two-face !
Wrong again John.Stop being party before country and citizens. just gross and you are not pulling it off convincingly.Why do you hate us?
Your party picked him, quit being a liar about this, it works for @POTUS doesn't look pretty on you.
R can't kill people fast enough. They added to manifesto making it nastier - more likely to kill sick, weak, children, elderly pests 6 mths
As any prediction is. But the fact that this your BEST argument right now shows how horrible this garbage bill is
that's a punk ass copout, John
These plans are always worse than expected
So they were wrong on Obamacare, too optimistic. So, that means trumpcare even worse than they say? God help us all!
How can you just dismiss this report? How would you characterize the effect of this bill on the number of uninsured? Show your work.
Wow! So you're never going to listen to them ever again? Or is it smth about this topic? #NoAHCA
Really? This is low effort, John. Invariably eh? Sounds like you know exactly how bad it is already.
The CBO led by the person Tom Price selected? So two wrongs make a right John?
Very likely??? YOU PROMISE? Can you/will you guarantee it? Do the rich benefit more? the same? or less?
Be honest, is this a healthcare bill it tax cut bill? Trust CBO over D or R rhetoric.
Sen., please stop with the propaganda.Give Texans the respect we are due. Stop trying to justify a bill that will kill the most vulnerable.
Your record of wanting to pass #TrumpcareDeathPanels is clear though. John is a liar. John is a cheat. John is gonna lose his senate seat!
Yes but they usually are wrong in that it's way worse than what they tell us.
Independent non-partisan agency charged with careful assessment, headed by a Republican picked by Tom Price. Now you're just desperate.
Didn't they predict the uninsured rate around 11% this year - seems pretty accurate. How coverage was obtained was off but explainable
It will certainly not be perfectly right.  Directionally correct?  What do you think, sir?
True. It will likely be worse than predicted.
CBO has a better track record than Republicans at this point. (Lying by commission and omission GOP's only record breaking accomplishment.)
Undermining institutions with which you disagree undermines our democracy. CBO is non-partisan. Shame on you.
So we should just ignore them? Even when other groups are against this bill? (AARP, AAP)
with all due respect @JohnCornyn, instead of reading & putting faith/value to CBO how about putting things to an across the nation vote.
Your tweets just keep getting worse. Stop being McConnell's mouthpiece and start representing Texans.
do you have any evidence of? No? Didn't think so
There are lies, damned lies, and then there's @JohnCornyn 

http://fw.to/u5J3onQ 
Exactly, John. They're almost certainly underestimating the devastation your massive tax cut for the wealthy will wreak.
Ok. I'll bite. Why is it wrong?
Or is the CBO always wrong when they don't give you the answers you want? You clearly give zero f**ks about anyone but yourself & the GOP.
And yet if the CBO score had been positive, you and every other GOP Senator would have been trumpeting it non-stop
Still can't defend it the Deathcare bill can you. All whining no explaining.
That's the best u can come up with? Youve had 7 years to come up with  plan and  way to defend it! You care nothing for the American people!
Please put a number on how wrong you think they are? 
50% - That’s 11 million?
90% - That’s 2.2 million?
Are any of these acceptable to you?
So where does your information come from? If you dispute CBO, you must have a better source. What is it? You just can't say they're wrong.
How about you give up your (taxpayer-funded) health insurance for 6 months and hope you don't get sick?
So you are for dead kids so you get a tax cut? Really? is a tax cut for rich folks what Jesus would do? Don't ever call yourself a christian
aarp doesn't endorse and lots of other health organizations
1. Not really true
2. If you're saying that CBO estimates are too optimistic, what does that say in this scenario?
Hold a townhall before even considering a vote for this bill, these one off tweets are NOT GOOD ENOUGH  Talk to us in person! #stopAHCA
@nytimes @washingtonpost  Our Texas Senators are just tweeting lies How about a story about these cowards who refuse to talk to us in PERSON
Cornyn, u and @tedcruz need to hold a townhall BEFORE voting, we need to have a discussion with u IN PERSON,  face your constituents NOW
WOW I was reading y'all r desperate....ur tweets prove it!
That's what your going with?
Why does the Congressional Budget Office even exist if there’s not even a congressional budget? 
Off by how much? Who provides a better non-partisan analysis?
so why not wrong in the other direction? Maybe coverage losses are bigger than estimated?
So what's your #? How many people do Senate Reps predict with lose (or gain) insurance?
How about a town hall?  Who do you represent?
If you have EVIDENCE to back up your claims, show us! I'm open to learning new things, but your "bcuz I said so" isn't enough. #proveit
So we're meant to believe your evidence-less assurances over the analysis of an experienced, non-partisan, data-driven group? #no #tryagain
I know we're wrong you're right. Why is that?  Because you're rich and think you can treat everyone like shit. What comes around goes around
But not necessarily in your favor.
Respectfully - do your decisions support your faith?
That's your defense? Kicking 15 million people off insurance in the next year and it's okay cause the non partisan CBO could be wrong?
Actually this is not true. Original estimate for OCare did not think some states wld work against plan. In "good" states, CBO accurate.
And if CBO is so wrong then I guess premiums will never go down and deficit reduction won't happen.
I'd trust the CBO over you any day of the year

Convenient excuse to avoid accountability. Irresponsible to play politics with something so critical to peoples' lives. Vote NO. Please.
CBO's job impossible to do. They need Watson to get in there and help. Algorithms needed here. CBO just adds and subtracts
Except,.of course, when the numbers favor you.
Yeah, we get it.

#SwampOfLiars
#VoteNoACHA
Yeah, John, who cares about analysis and numbers. You've got a feeling this is better so, lets go with that. Brilliant!
Well, there are more insured now than will be under your plan. period.
@AaronBlake - You sound desperate. The BCRA is dying, much like the thousands of Americans it would have killed.
Giving the rich an $800B tax break for the rich isn't one of the predictions that will be wrong.
Yes...and #SusanCollins your Senate colleague takes it for gospel, go figure?
So #Republicans @RNC @GOP I guess everything that goes against you is wrong? Do you know how fucked in the head that makes you sound?
Not perfect, but CBO is actually quite dependable and you know this. Very dishonest, John. Your bill is disgraceful.
@AaronBlake now u r throwing a Republican appointed head of CBO under the bus?  If off by 25% it is still bad for seniors/vets
So... no score would be your choice.
U need to sit down with @ChrisMurphyCT n let him educate u in humanity n what it means to fight for the people who elected u! Texas traitor
A partisan statement if ever there was one.  I'm sure if the CBO was as critical of a democrat bill you would proudly cite it John.
So we should rely on your biased word?
@AaronBlake John you never cease to amaze us. You always seem to be a PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY KINDA GUY.
Really Senator? Are you going to rely on hope? You hope the CBO is wrong. As a Texan, I and all the rest of your constituents deserve better
Really? You're still endorsing it?
Why dont u post how many of your constituents oppose the bill? Or does that not matter to u?
20 Million people wrong? How many people losing coverage is acceptable to you?
You all have had weeks of knowing the CBO was going to tell the truth about the dumpster fire that is TrumpCare......
So even if off 25% that's still 15 million more Americans without health coverage. That sucks. You're not doing a good job
Please don't do this to our health care.
Oh my God. You didn't even read this, did you? What the hell is wrong with you?
So you admit the bill you're trying to sell could be a lot meaner?
Why did you exempt yourselves from this bill then? GOP comes up with a bill they will use for their own family first might show some 
Have you tried putting your hands over your ears and humming loudly when someone disagrees with you? That's an equally rational approach.
Your prediction is invariably wronger.
Not hardly. Ur wrong about most things u say.
Actually the CBO was on target with almost every point on the ACA. You should try looking at facts instead of GOP talking points.
And that discrepancy is enough for you to bank on millions of people's lives? I mean, you have healthcare, so, it's okay.
This level of willful ignorance is astounding
Could argue all statistical/probabilistic predictions wrong against reality at given precision… how wrong 2 be ok? 2MM, 10MM?
So it could be even worse. Good to know.
The CBO is right where it matters: under this bill insurance costs dramatically more and covers dramatically fewer people. 

That's bad.
U are truly evil
*medieval
So you're saying the bill is actually WORSE than what they found?
That's a lying excuse and you know it you knuckledragging shitape.
No, CBO (nonpartisan) score simply doesn't agree with GOP talking points.
Wrong = Not holding a town hall to get constituents views on healthcare
Right = #CanCornyn20
Best we've got...and certainly gives a ballpark. Face it, your plan stinks. It reeks of greed.
Lame.  This was clearly evil pre-report.

Enjoy your tax credits & reduced tax burden while thousands of TEXANS suffer.

You are evil.
What's wrong is this bill. People don't like the insurance industry practice of making profit off of their health. You'll never change that.
