free markets can be influenced by regulation and taxes moron
I wouldn't say natural gas is an alternative energy. Fracking is HORRIBLE to the environment and it destroys small towns. No heart. No balls
So, you're arguing for the regulation of the markets to force a move away from fossil fuels? I guess we can agree on some things!
Why just one sentence out of context? And "would have" The Paris agreement is not gone, just Syria, US and Nicaragua are not included.
Then why quit it?
Yes, as we know in DFW fracking is great for the environment. Your constituents enjoy the air & water pollution, cancer & earthquakes.
If you cared about your constituents you would know that we want a clean environment.  Renewable energy.
Technology does not eliminate the need to reduce fossil fuel emissions. Market seeks profit above all. Smart limited regs balance interests.
#ParisAccord. More about global technological leadership not about carbon emission. We just gave that up to China. US on the sidelines..
Great news, so why opt out of a non-binding agreement that would demonstrate commitment & global leadership?Your role as an apologist is sad
Stop trying to rationalize your terrible decision. We can all see the alienating impact it had. Relative effect is not a reason to withdraw.
Cornyn rec'd $1,134,506.00 from coal, gas and oil interests. Who's interests you looking out for Cornyn?
Where did you get that number?
Is your answer to do nothing?
History will prove you wrong and our grandchildren will curse your actions.
Market forces were also the primary reason coal jobs ebbed, but GOP was happy to make that a partisan election-year issue...
I don't think you have any idea what you're talking about.
The republicans seem to have forgotten what real, thoughtful leadership looks like.  It isn't pandering to the fringe elements in the party.
Then why bother pulling out!?! Just to piss people off!? The sanctions were non binding!! Ps how much did Exxon pay you to support the exit?
Coincidentally also what your lobbyists told you to say
our new friends the Saudi's kept oil prices low to disrupt fracking- there is no such thing as a free market. you need to get out more +read
Will have.  The Paris agreement didn't go anywhere.
You're a con man, Cornyn! And your constituents are on to you!
Didn't realize you are also a scientist?
There is no justification or rationalization for your abhorrent decision to encourage this. Your ONLY motivation is $$$. Moral bankruptcy
They're not exclusive, mkt forces can lower energy costs while environmental damage is reduced. Using nat gas and solar vs coal, a positive
YOU DO NOT HAVE TO USE GAS. THERE ARE OTHER FORMS OF ENERGY, JOHN, CRACK OPEN A TEXT BOOK FOR CRYING OUT LOUD
Yes, and we could have been the leading contributor of natural gas, but instead lets upset a the rest of the countries Trump missed.
rest of the world: you couldn't be more off base if you were on a DIFFERENT planet.John, so much of what this REALLY about, working together
so u admit Paris agreement would decrease climate change
Nice one Johnny-the old GOP fallback-market forces. Watch them bypass the US as your isolationist President tries to make a deal
So why piss off the entire world  and most of the American people?
But why not be apart of a larger movement that inspires responsible behavior
I've really learned over the past few months just how awful you are.
Same here.
I believe this is true. I hope Texas power providers pick up on this. Lots of natural gas going to waste out there.
I take this to mean that you, like me, do NOT like pollution. I mean, do really LIKE dirty air or cruddy water?
So that begs the question of why we abdicate our position of global leadership on the issue by withdrawing.
While this may be true, public policy ought to support private enterprise.  Leaving the Paris agreement abandons everything.  #foolish.
This piece I heard on the Texas Standard today talks about why departing the agreement is bad for Texas.  http://www.texasstandard.org/stories/katherine-hayhoe-us-departure-from-paris-climate-deal-gives-the-world-the-finger/ …
Please have a town hall and explain to us the upside of pulling out of the Paris Agreement.
U are an Embarrassment
It is about democratic governments coming together to do something positive for the people of the world.but being u don't vote for people NM
Your unsupported asinine response, simply makes it crystal clear why you and your ilk need to voted out of office.
Keep telling yourself that buddy boy.
Harness market forces through cap and trade
Dude.. just stop trying to justify this asinine move from the corrupt short sighted ill informed administration. You are just as deplorable
You have zero credibility anymore Senator.  Your partisan politics means you are ignoring almost half your constituents.
Just because the world ignores your support to kill it, your decision is validated? What kinds of mental gymnastics happen in your head?
Вы идиод.
Can't walk and chew gum, huh?
It's called symbolism, Senator. You know, the USA alongside.the rest of the world.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
because everyone knows this.
Admitting defeat or TrumPutin irrelevancy or was this an accident?
An even more positive effect would be you, resigning, today.
Time to rid of these heartless mofos creating the poor people destruction b/c they feel entitled to Rule n Enslave the masses!
Thanks for pointing our the obvious Senator.  Is that the entirety of your contribution to the subject matter?
So what?
By abandoning the accord you cede Americas leadership and put us on par with Syria. Thanks for nothing
Come on Senator,  you are better than that, or at least I hope you are.
Voters will not forget that your name is on letter urging POTUS to reneg on this treaty
I wonder if there's a parallel here with the League of Nations. Wilson did all the legwork, but Republicans prevented the US from joining.
Would we have been able to prevent the aggression that started WWII if we had been part of the League? Who knows?
Similarly, will other countries abandon climate amelioration efforts now that the US has declined to join in the Paris Accord? Who knows?
Another example of fake and misleading news.
...townhall?
But enough.  Check out what is ranked the number one risk by business risk .managers then argue how it makes sense to solely rely on natgas.
US creates new big three with Syria and Nicaragua.These countries have great values Trump is Making Russia Great Again Aren't you concerned
man made climate change is propaganda not science or fact. signed Creator LORD.
Your lack of analysis is... expected. Should we also expect the market to trade at the ratio of leprechauns to unicorns? #cornynhole
Paris has different rules for different countries.Not fair, but why not admit truth of climate issue? #climatechange #ParisAgreeement
Spoken like a man who's received over a million since 2012 from oil,gas&coal comps.Looks to me like you're #profitingoffyourbase. #traitor
If global warming is fake, why care about greenhouse gas emissions?.
Just pure ignorance
Just admit it #cowardCornyn, you are speaking only for the oil and gas companies that pay u and not us. #liar #traitor #PartyOverCountry
Silly backwards fallacious reasoning as always. What else should we expect from the party founded on silly backwards fallacious reasoning?
Dallas mayor will uphold climate treaty. It represents the future. You're willfully out of touch with Texans/reality.
Evidence?
Why are diverse markets resilient ? For the same reason diverse ecosystems are more resilient. Because they are ecosystems.
Integrate left leaning ecosystem thinking with right leaning economic thinking. Markets are ecosystems within the global ecosystem.
this position is one of many from u that will not serve u well. You are clearly on the WRONG SIDE OF HISTORY!
That's a real possibility. Storms of a different sort. S till part of the global  economy and ecosystem
ur tweet yesterday admitted ur support 2 leave was retribution for Obama not getting approval even tho it makes USA look stupid
I thought Republicans were bringing back coal jobs? Are you saying we should rely on natural gas now?
You sir will be up for reelection. We will not forget this. And we will support your opponent I can assure you
Sounds like you're trying to rationalize your support for what you know is the wrong thing to do.
Every decision by 45 & supported by his yes men is based on $$ (how much they get) & pettiness (hate 4 Obama) & not what is best 4 America.
What do you put in that empty hole where your soul used to be, since you sold it to the petrochemical industry? #ParisClimateAccords
Yeah, we know. That's why it would have been smart to stay in and maintain a leadership position.
Then why is @POTUS trying to save coal?
How about both?! You're on the wrong side of this issue. What legacy are you leaving for your grandchildren?!
Did the $3 million you received from fossil fuel people influence your decision?
So what's the fear? Why leave? We can remain in the agreement and have a thriving natural gas industry.
Ah, why don't you understand this?! It's about the US leading rather than following.
Wrong yet again .
- Your support of exiting Accord is political suicide. Texans feel effects of climate change & drain of good clean energy jobs
lies
Nyet
Natural gas is the cleanest fossil fuel on earth! Dallas has had natural gas busses for decades! More reliable than wind/solar!
since you've signed onto the sinking ship, enjoy the strength of the other counties that will surpass us
U r still supporting a mistake. It was s goal to lead the world in the right direction. Not a law.
Still not listening to scientist John! It's not just about the  $! In fact its not about the  $ at all! Your dregs are killing our planet!
Same market forces which ensure coal jobs are not coming back. Trump is conning his base & you & other fossil fuel stooges are misleading.
Um, no.
Where was Congress on this subject the last 8 years? Oh that's right you & other rinos were agreeing to the liberal agenda. Give me a break
Cheap NG has a greater effect on coal than regulations. So quit blaming Obama for the loss of coal jobs. The GOP fed false hope to miners.
So, are you admitting that greenhouse gas emission reduction is something we should be going for? Brave.
(John, we can tell that you are concern trolling.)
Which just shows your lack of ability to think in complex terms. It's not one or the other.
What about the costs? You keep telling us how we pay more than anyone, but that's a lie and you know it. Per capita, we pay a lot less.
Nothing like the WSJ to source all science.
Market forces, social awareness and behavior, new technologies *help* make those targets attainable. It's not an either/or.
That's one of the things that troubles me about  Cornyn's approach: the 'either-or' 'black/white' thinking.
Market forces sure have had a detrimental effect until now. Explain how they are suddenly the salvation of Earth?
Before you turn around and say "but the Paris agreement will have an effect on market forces," you MUST remember, I DON'T UNDERSTAND THINGS.
The thing about objectivism is that it's "market forces" is argument is just as inane, lazy, and ignorant as "Jesus will save us!"
How the city of Denton TX has banned Fracking!
A$$hat
Apparently you missed all the earth quakes in TX as of late from Fracking!
We should be leading the world and taking action instead of just sticking our heads in the sand.
The GOP is the only political major party in the entire  that denies climate change. You don't even believe in greenhouse gases.
Natural gas is what.. 98% methane? Natural gas is not the long term solution either ...
Stop deflecting. You received 3 mill in oil and gas donations since 2001.  That's why you supported the withdrawal from #ParisAccord So Sad
LIAR!! You and McConnell took $1 million in payoffs from oil, gas and coal interests as did 22 other crooked republican Senators. #payola
Called your office today. Staff sounded tired. They must be after listening to so much outrage from us. You're #OutIn20 #TurnTXBlue
I hope you're right
Yes, sir. Voluntary committments we are already making will fix climate, kind of makes withdrawal from Paris a political excercise.
Do you think climate change is a hoax ?
The combination of the two is most important. Dummy.
Are you serious? The free market is going to relocate to a country SUPPORTING clean energy. You're defending setting us back decades. Maga.
3/ I cannot wait for that extra marital affair to become public knowledge.
A truly great America would be the leader in manufacturing solar panels, windmills, and batteries. GOP chooses oil/gas donors over jobs.
1/ You're old and have had ad an entire career in politics. On the back of working Americans. Taken more money than most from Oil & Gas.
Ceding a place at the table with world leadership hurts us in many ways other than fuel prices.
This. We are abdicating our world leadership. Just walking away...
Market forces can change, our commitment to the planet we leave to our kids shouldnt.
Do you just lack critical thinking skills or is your ignorance willful?
Don't try to rationalize this. We went from being a world leader on climate to a follower yesterday, thanks in part to your fealty to 45.
imagine doing more than one thing

Dude. We're in the same category as Syria and Nicaragua. Wanted to stop immigration? Having Trump as president is good start. 
It's about our leadership on the world stage, not the specific emissions. @POTUS is making us a weak country in retreat. Sad.
Fake News!

-Sen. John Cornyn
Cheap natural gas is important, but so is a global agreement encompassing 195 countries. UN is also a loose agreement easily flouted.
Prove it. What was our NDC?
Do you realize fracking releases methane gas which is worse than CO2? Stop resisting the fact that majority of Americans want renewables.
So are you admitting Coal isn't making a come back Senator and that the Green economy cannot be reversed?
Stop. Just stop. You will post anything to back the orange vulgarian. #climatechange  #resist #itmfa #impeachtrump
Oh good, I feel better now that a Murdoch run rag says it's ok. You're a real piece of work Johnnie.
Stated another way: companies look to the future & take care of what the govt couldn't manage because they were busy taking us back to 1940.
So do you believe in man made climate change and this is a good? Or are you just randomly stating CO benefits for Nat Gas?
202-224-2934 to tell John Cornyn what you think.  Nov 3, 2020 election date to show him.
Your kids and grandkids will surely look back and thank you for doing far less than you could have....
Why did Rex and Exxonmobil wasn't to stay?
Great point. Lets not do anything else to help the climate outside of natural gas.
Why the fuck is Trump trying to pander to the coal miners then?
