I'm assuming you won't be running again since you are covering up possible treason #Trumprussia
That you don't understand the underlying issue here is deeply troubling. Country before party.
@TRUMP ON THEOTHER HAND HAD FULL CONFIDENCE
Trump praised him for his courage.  Trump has now changed his mind as he and his administration are under investigation.  What's he hiding?
So, why was he fired 6 months later? It only took the So-Called President a few hours to fire Yates. 

Getting a little too close?
And why was Trump talking to or receiving information from the FBI about the investigation!? You're casting yourself in with a shady lot.
this is not about for or against Comey. Question is WHY pendejo! You're stupider than I thought if you believe it was about HRC
Special Prosecutor NOW ! your constituents, and we. the people, are getting very frustrated by your political hackery @txlege @TXDemWomen
Comey firing now is about the timing .We need a independent investigation now
Trump fired the person investigating him. How hard is that to grasp? It's called obstruction and abuse of power!!
your boss is lieing stop passing the $$$ b/c u can stand up what is your worth 2 the ppl if you r not there 4 the ppl Stop lieing trumpis $$
We want an #IndependentCommissionNOW. Stop tweeting partisan nonsense and #DoYourJob! No fan of Comey, but your pal 45 is in deep. U 2?
We Demand a Bipartisan Independent 911 style Investigation. You're #OutIn20 #TurnTXBlue
Unfortunately he probably just won't run again so he gives no fucks about what we think
I have a question. How many full time staffers did you hire to look into Benghazi?

How many are looking into Trump FT?

Hint: 192 & 0
Again, another false equivalency from the Senator. You are smarter than this. I'm disappointed. We need to appoint a #SpecialProsecutor
I keep calling your offices. Your inbox is full. Check your messages and stop ignoring your constituents.
Whaddaya know, me as well! #75189VOTER.
Why does that matter?
Obstruction may consist of any attempt to hinder the discovery, apprehension, conviction or punishment of anyone who has committed a crime.
You had an opportunity to at least pretend to care about your country. You have wasted said opportunity.
The defense of: hey but y'all didn't like him either... Just doesn't seem to be working. Perhaps you GOP hacks should try something else?
@JohnCornyn , are you attempting to cover up concerns about a sitting president under investigation firing the head of that investigation?
No ones sad to see Comey go. We're just all wondering why now??
I get lots of people weren't happy with Comey. I care about the WHY and the WHEN he was fired. It's suspect. Need independent investigation
It's about "why" he was fired
Republicans are straddling the line separating malfeasance/TRAITORS
EXACTLY IN NOVEMBER STOP SPITTING OUT PROPAGANDA AND BE CONCERNED FOR YOUR COUNTRY NOT YOUR PARTY.
In November. People get over things as time goes on. Appropriate in January when he took office, inappropriate now. Can't you see that?
It's not in your best interest to support everything trump does.
U should concern senator about what's happening here senator. This is not another a republican or a democrat it's about our country.
your loyalty should be to constitution/US.ur ok w/the  Russian interference treason,ur morally bankrupt. ur out 2020
they know it was essential 4 head of FBI serve 10yr to keep Prez. fr firing. ur actions are cowardly.Checks/balance?
This lie still needs more work. Maybe you shouldn't just jump right in w/ whatever lie Trump is telling.
Remarkable. The White House's Comey timeline *lends credence* to the widespread reporting that Trump fired him because of the Russia probe. 
But Schumer didn't advocate firing someone who was investigated him...
ur shortsighted thinking that these 2 need to be mutually exclusive is ridiculous and inexcusable in a senior senator #Castro2020
Funny, you didn't agree at the time. The only thing different is that Trump is being investigated. Is that why you're cool w/this now?
Why are you tanking your career over #Trump, who's donated lots of $ to @SenSchumer in past, when you found out abt Comey from @CNN?
"[You] can be a critic of Comey & alarmed by what #Trump has done & how he has done it." @BillKristol via @nytimes
I mean, you're not even putting self or party before country. The only way that you guys win this, partisan-wise, if is a genuinely...
...independent investigation clears Trump of wrongdoing. Your tactic isn't just bad for national security, it's bad for the GOP.
So please stop being disingenuous. Our president might be a traitor, and you want to be snarky at Democrats?
There are no people on Earth stupid enough to believe that Trump fired Comey for any reason other than to derail the Russia investigation.
If Trump was worried about the bad judgments by which Comey got Trump elected, he should have fired the guy on Day One.
AG Sessions recommended that Comey be fired for actions that Sen. Sessions had praised.
Trump fired Comey for actions that he had praised in past.
Comey should have been fired in July or October. He should not be fired in the middle of investigating the person who fired him.
Trump was praising him last month, and Spicer said Trump had confidence in him last week.
So he fires Comey (who's heading the investigation) yesterday and who comes in to the WH today ? Nothing seems suspicious to you?
Shall we count the months since November? Yet Trump did not fire him. Gosh, it is almost like something more recent changed Trump's mind.
That really doesn't address the issue at hand.  Firing him now for offenses that occurred then is beyond the pale of reason.
As an American citizen, and your constituent, I demand an independent investigation of Trump's ties to Russia.
It is about the timing you whiner.  If you fire all the people investigating you, you are probably guilty.  I am a little concerned you r 2
John you are my senator - I am losing confidence in you. Insist on a truly independent investigation.
Yeah, too bad Donald waited until he was under investigation. Now it's abuse of power.
Senator, you are a sorry excuse for a patriot. The President abused power of his office to obstruct justice & you send snarky tweets. #shame
And Republicans were for him before they were against him.
Keep dancin Jojo.
And Donald Trump praised him. What's your point?
You cant really be this dense-How do u have trouble grasping the difference btw potus firing #Comey while under investigation & @SenSchumer?
There were many calling for his removal. But, that doesn't make the timing of this better. Stop and do your job. #IndependentInvestigation
I bet his socks don't match
Speaking of lost confidence - clean out your VM and answer to your constituents
so he could have been fired at the start of the term, and no one would have blinked. This smells fishy
We want a investigator and not a Obama care reform. Which ever one that passes isn't nothing if we can't protect it.
Do we live on the island of magambonambo? Or the USA? Trump needs to be impeached
What Thrse republicans don't GET, is that this has NOTHING 2 DO W/COMEY!!!!! U don't fire the man who is leading an INVESTIGATION ON U!
Traitor John Cornyn puts PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY.  You are pathetic.
I see you received your WH-approved speaking points. You left out the Dep AG was approved by 94-6 vote. Need to do a better surrogate job
Are you a patriot or a Trump Republican?  Any profile in courage here?
5.When will a special prosecutor be assigned?
1.Why now & not in Jan?
2.Who ordered Rosenstein's review?
3.What was Sessions' involvement?
4.What is status of the Russia investigation?
You mean like, before he was in the middle of an investigation into Trump?  You're disgusting.  You are no patriot.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ oh well, let's move along then nothing to see here just integrity-lacking invertebrates
Russia has interfered with the elections of France, the Netherlands, and Austria. This is not a fire drill. When are you going to wake up?
He said this in *November*, not right after Comey turned up the heat on a Trump investigation.

You are digging your own grave here.
I have no confidence in you upholding the Constitution & defending our democracy.  The Cornyn name will forever be associated with shame.
So effing what? Stop trying to distract us & #DoYourJob #IndependentInvestigation NOW. We're not going away & #2020iscoming
in NOVEMBER!! U r too far gone. U r only self serving. Time for u to go. U r on the wrong side of history, love, peace & intellect. #boybye
Comey was irresponsible.  But firing him after he requested more funds for Russia investigation was highly suspect.  Special prosecutor now.
The point is NOT that Ds had a problem with him b4.  The point is WHY HE WAS FIRED. You cannot possibly be this dense.
He should have fired him on day five
this is not as much about Comey, as it is about process, and who is minding the store
Good riddance
Realllllyyy trying to ride out this dumpster fire regime huh
You are ignoring the big picture Senator...RUSSIA! An independent investigation is now the only option.
Everyone did but he still was fired for a stupid reason & it makes trump look so guilty to fire the person investigating him
Sally Yates put you in a time out.  I don't think you are allowed to talk.
Well Chucky were waiting which story is it.
#Traitor #CornynHole #impeachTrumpnow
Hey, Comrade Cornyn. Tell your boys we said, "Hi."
And I have lots confidence in you and your abilities. #NoIntegrity
Senator, do you really believe that this can simply be brushed aside? Because it can not.
Duh. We all lost confidence EXCEPT trump and the republicans. The question is WHY NOW??????
Senator, I lost confidence in you long before that.
Misdirection won't work. Not about Comey. We want an independent investigation of administration's ties to Russia.
Are you kidding? Are you not even the slightest bit concerned about the timing of this? How corrupt must you be to not?
Your constituents are not for or against Comey. We are uncomfortable with the investigated firing the investigator mid-investigation.
ONE MORE TIME: you can find someones performance questionable and still have regard for the RULEOFLAW
It's less about Comey, and all about @POTUS 45 illegal ties to Russia.
In NOVEMBER , why fire him NOW. Something is fishy dear Senator. BTW, town hall , maybe
DOJ headed by Trump cronies -you have a choice. Care for the integrity of our gov't or care for Trump. Doing both maybe problematic.
The whole point is whether or not a person being investigated should be able to fire the person doing the investigation - or is this Russia?
@JohnCornyn  Sir I demand the appointment of an independent investigation I am your constituent. This is outrageous!
Exactly, glad I won't be voting for you again
How does it feel to be on Ted Cruz's level
You are the hypocrite my friend! And you're going to be on the wrong side of the law because you are obstructing justice!
How is Jeff Sessions involved when he recuse him self from the Russain investigation.  Never would have guessed you were once a judge.
- Not mutually exclusive to question Comeys actions & timing/motives for his being fired. Special Prosecutor!
This is a time to think of the Republic, not to dig in as a Republican. Now is the time to stand up and speak out.
“@JohnCornyn: Schumer too: Lost confidence in Comey in November http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2622608  via @dcexaminer” #fb
There's context missing here, Cornyn. Call for an independent investigation now!
Sen Cornyn - Not only do you avoid Town Halls but none of your phones are answering. We your employers want to speak w/ you. Do your job!
Country over Party John, we the people demand an independent investigation!
@HouseGOP @tedcruz @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC You Must Call for Ind. Investigation of Trump/Russia. This is NOT going away
You are missing the point. Trump/Russia needs an independent investigation.  Now.
.@JohnCornyn We are losing confidence in you. Failure to uphold Constitution with all avail. info suggests you may also be compromised.
He lost confidence when Comey screwed w the election NOT when he was conducting Russia investigation. Grow a pair man & do the right thing!
Why does GOP not want to look into russia/trump ties? Always looking for an out. #COVERUP #TrumpGate
Dude you work for us, not the Executive Branch. Do your job.
Your oath to Constitution: Not Trump; not party. This is not about Comey--Start independent investigation of @realDonaldTrump now.
Any reasonable person can be "against" Comey and still question the reasons for his firing.  It's time you quit covering for treason.
Again. TIMING! Why the absurd 2nd paragraph? Independent investigation and a special prosecutor. What would you do if this was Clinton??
Propaganda for schmucks? Dem POTUS didn't fire Comey amid HRC probe. Utterly corrupt to fire post-March 20 reveal of Trump team probe.
Hey, numbskull: We are not necessarily FOR Comey. We're FOR an investigation into Trump's ties with Russia, which Comey was heading!
What's your next line of argument sir? "I know you are but what am I?" These are times that call for courage and I fear sir, you're lacking
That you feel compelled to defend the action is statement enough. Act like a senator instead constant Trump apologist.
We need a special prosecutor NOW. I am your constituent in Texas and I vote!  Independent Investigation for #TrumpRussia now
You're being ridiculous & you know it. One can dislike #Comey & still see firing was BAD. B/c of #Russia investigation - duh. #Resistance
Senator, you are so missing the point. This coziness with what's happening and willingness to throw blame will stain your service forever.
Why do you and our other Texan representatives keep putting party over Country? #ComeyFiring #VoteNoAHCA #russiagate #SpecialProsecutor
Why are we having to rely on the Russian media to tell us what is happening in the White House today? Do you care at all about this country?
John, we get it!  You and Trump are reach around buddies.  If you could just limit that to after hours, maybe U could get back to your job
I don't think @SenSchumer is FOR Comey now, he's just AGAINST a terribly obvious coverup of Trump-Russia ties. You should probably be, too.
You fail to mention that Trump praised him - then fired him.  I think we all know why - getting to close on Russia.  Who are u for, John?
Agreed I don't know why they are so surprised. It's time to move forward more pressing issues facing the country.
@JohnCornyn You R a horrible congressman, turning a blind eye to the unmitigated fact that Russia is subverting our democracy.
Trumps bitch
Your constituents have lost confidence in you.  Special investigation and prosecutor is the only clean way out of this.
Come Nov. 2020, do you think I'm going to cast my vote for the guy who cowardly protected DT or ensured that, we the people, were protected?
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp You are complicit. Watching U question Yates, Comey, Clapper you clearly trying to subvert the investigation. ? is why?
@JohnCornyn  - Once a "tool" always a "tool" and one of the great embarrassments of Texas.
what do they have on you Cornyn, that makes you fixate on irrelevancy and avoid the task at hand?
Glad you look to @SenSchumer as a role model: he wants a special prosecutor and so do I, your constituent who voted for you.
Yeah. Well Trump was giving the dude a handy extolling all he had to endure, 3 months later he fired him. You're such a pawn.
Then why wasnt he fired in November, you insincere lying senator? You will go down with Trump, mabe be cell buddies.
YOU will be held accountable/stop being a flunky for a perverse lying tyrant/act like a Senator
Dems did criticize Comey but that's not whay he got fored for and you know it. Stop pandering to 45 and start having some honor & patriotism
stop. Just stop. You look and sound silly.
Well, look at statistics and see there's usually a reason....

To get justice they cooperate fully so that police can rule them out and go on with investigation for justice. The ones who don't cooperate?
It reminds me of when a child has been murdered. 1st thing police ask is for polygraphs to rule out parents. Most parents are so desperate
Of this country believes there has been collusion and a cover up?
If there is no collusion pls explain why you aren't demanding an independent investigation to clear this administration knowing over 1/2
I can reject his handling of the email investigations and reject his dismissal at the same time. Those two things aren't mutually exclusive.
STOP MAKING THESE PATHETIC, TRANSPARENT JUSTIFICATIONS! They don't work, and they are super obvious. Stop being partisan & ask for inquiry
John - We all know Comey was fired over the Russia probe. Country over party. Independent prosecutor must be appointed.
STOP BEING A PARTISAN HACK!  Losing all patience with you. "I just felt I had to say that."
Many Texans and Americans lost confidence in You on May 04th 2017. The feeling hasn't changed.
@SecretsBedard Ij. Ok. We lost confidence in U when U started defending a treasonous @POTUS. Can we fire you too!?
No confirmation of a new FBI director without a special prosecutor selected for Russian interference. A True Patriot would want the same.
Yes, yes ... many lost confidence. However the timing and justification reeks of cover-up. Your support of that makes you complicit.
Schumer can be both outraged at Comey's behavior and alarmed by the President's actions. Everyone should be. Why aren't you?
Comb over the facts and choose Trump over Country
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATOR. if there is nothing to hide, you shouldn't be worried. Thank you @SenSchumer for being a REAL SENATOR. unlike JC
If Schumer say he has lost confidence in AG will you support firing him too? Thought not. #partisanhackery
Is this your idea of an explanation? If hypocrisy was currency Dems and Repubs could fund all their dreams. This is about the rule of law.
This is about Trump/Russia. Do your job and stop supporting the despot.
We lost confidence in you, Cornyn, YEARS ago. How much is Putin paying you? #TraitorTrump #TraitorCornyn
The country deserves answers.  We demand a full and thorough investigation into links between Trump and Russia!
So many people throwing their credibility in the trash for a con man.  Glad to see you're one of them.  Winter is coming, John. 
And Trump blew kisses at him. Your point?
You are such a joke; having to cite 6 month old news to support an event yesterday; STAND UP AND LEAD!
Do you work for Russia too? You seem to care about everything BUT the people
Do your job! Appoint a special prosecutor. You're making Texans look bad. Change or be replaced.

You are a member of another branch of gov't and should not be licking Trump's balls. You should be providing oversight.
Do you even care that you're enabling a man who could easily turn the US into an authoritarian dictatorship? Grow a pair & do your job.
