Yes - Cornfim Gorsuch NOW - Screw Harry Reid and his band of criminals
Merrick Garland
is irrelevant - please move on and support Gorsuch who is a far better candidate
No, I'm afraid the coward's filibuster of Garland is VERY relevant, 

Since R's too chickenshit to filibuster in the open, time to kill it.
Yawn .....
Ah, yes. Good. Would you mind continuing to yawn for another 20 months or so?
No way ... love Trump and what he is doing .... #ConfirmGorsuch
Aww. Bless your heart.

Since 2/3 of the US *hates* what he's doing, go ahead and kill the filibuster. Let's see what happens!
When you go nuclear, expect #fallout
A pres under investigation for treason and constitutional violations allowed to make lifetime appt to SCOTUS?
Our democracy just went down another notch.  Your arrogance in helping this occur will be remembered.
I get discouraged with the misdirection of " love the flag" no one ever said bat
I am also a patriot and I so are we all good sirs
congratulations.  You just lost your job #setthewheelsinmotion
No, Sir the Russians chose Donald Trump and that traitor nominated Gorsuch. Every decision he makes will have a Russian halo. Good job.
Tit for tat not sound practice of a seasoned politician because the dems did it. Rep nation over party No Gorsuch. Voting you out @ election
Senate and Congress needs to be purged. Just start over, man.
@GOP can't win ANYTHING without some kind of fraud. They have to steal to stay relevant.
Great, I look forward to the final destruction of the ugly, hateful Republican party in the coming years.
He is more then qualified for the job! Two thumb's up!!!!
You know that it never says - women- in the Constitution. Just -men, man. You ready to lose all your rights cause you're a woman? #realnews
Abuse ur power while u have it.  End of GOP in sight. Gone 4 next generation.  U gone next election.
THERE US NOTHING MAKING GORSUCH WORTHY OF THE HONOR
Shame on you . How dare you abandon the  women of  Texas with this nominee.
Confirmed to a stolen seat after nuclear option w/ a pres. under investigation for collusion w/ hostile foreign govt. Bet you're proud!
Thanks for reminding us why you'll be voted out! :) #PartyOverPeople #PartyOfScapeGoats #trumpRussia
Goodbye California's recent and stupid anti-2A laws, goodbye... kiss them all goodbye...
@SenateMajLdr Looking forward to the confirmation. Don't blow it like you did Obamacare repeal.
You know that it never says - women- in the Constitution. Just -men, man. You ready to lose all your rights cause you're a woman? #realnews
Your hubris is staggering. If a nominee cannot reach 60 votes, then the nominee should not be confirmed.
PS @JohnCornyn I'm a Texan and I expect better from my senators.
Liars, thieves! You are stealing my country for Russian politics What made you turn your backs on America? GOP is all traitors! HOW DARE YOU
Dictatorships change rules when they dont get what they want @txlege @dallasmorningnews @HoustonChron @statesman @txdemocrats @TexasTribune
Confirmed to a stolen seat that you needed the nuclear option to fill bc you can't even muster 60 votes. Vote no on Gorsuch!
I will do everything I can to see that we have no R Senators in the future.  You should be ashamed of this vote.
Are you proud you just broke the Senate?
How you want You had a choice and The Supreme Court filibuster died on April 6, 2017. He was 211 years old.
Ok more calling it the Nuclear Option should be the Harry Reid Option so Dems can own it!
They put that man through h***!!  Democrats are low class Godless hearts of evil.
welcome to the House of Representatives, Senator. You are officially a partisan hack, now.
When is your constituent meeting?
You are weak and inefficient. We will vote you out for your #hyprocritical stance of choosing party over People #StopGorsuch
@realDonaldTrump LOST THE POPULAR VOTE! By millions. We the People did NOt select this. You are  lying. You are playing games w. Our Lives!
You certainly are a piece of work, Senator. I do not look kindly on the actions you and @tedcruz continually take.
You have not earned my trust. This latest stunt is the opposite of what this country is all about. You are betraying the People.
How does it feel to betray your constituents and choose party over country?
You have NO honor!
I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure you lose your job!
SAD day. Senate is going to be just like house. All votes will be party line. No more working across the aisle!!
Changing the rules to get your way isn't winning, it's cheating. #republicans do it best.  #sadlittleman repubs R out in 2018 Will haunt you
You are going to hate this decision after mid-terms. Why is it McConnell can't see the future?  Enjoy, see you in 2018.
Despite phone calls, letters, faxes, emails, tweets, and in person protests by your constituents, you stand with @SenateGOP not with Texas!
Changing the rules to get your way like petulant children, in the middle of ethics investigations. Shame on you.
Quit gloating over your cheap trick. You know Obama's pick should have been confirmed. Johnny Boy, I dislike you more today than yesterday/
This is a stolen seat. Merrick Garland never got a hearing. The hypocrisy is thick in the GOP. They spit in the face of democracy.
How do u possibly think this is not going to come back & bite you?  Ur not planning on running again r u?
You're miserable. Awful. Despicable.
And we will pretend like our past obstruction didn't happen. We will NOT pay the wages of sin.
Shame on you. You, Cruz & cronies are an embarrassment
If you can't get 60 votes to confirm, it's time to change the nominee. Not the rules. #Integrity #Honor #Truth
GARLAND!
WRONG judge for a lifetime job. He will help send the country back to the 1950s along with Trump & his goons.
Really?
Please do not confirm Gorsuch, you know by now that Russia/trump connection will be found, WE DO NOT WANT ANY CONFIRMATIONS UNDER  T Rump
Yes and he will always be known as the Justice that the GOP cheated and broke the rules for. #GOPHypocrites #SwingLeft
So...a lame duck black Dem didn't get a nominee but a white guy colluding with Russia to alter our election will?
You will weaken the Senate by changing the rules. The Founders would be disgusted with your petty behavior
Thank you! God bless.
You know that it never says - women- in the Constitution. Just -men, man. You ready to lose all your rights cause you're a woman? #realnews
GARLAND!!!
Garland. Stolen seat. Asterisk Scotus #SCOTUS #ConfirmGorsuch
but your constituents don't want him confirmed. #sellouts
If Senate Republicans do the dirty deed there will be retaliation at the ballot box.  You guys live in a separate greed induced reality.
You Why vote for a man who was selected by one elected not by majority & with the help of Putin! Part of latest pole
Cornyn was shown live CNN 1-19-17 where 45 called him out to start working after the multiple times Cornyn came to his office for $. Traitor
Oh, on CNN! The Clinton News Network!
Ever since Trump, GOP went from being known as the educated & classy party to 'dump & trashy'! Ethics & Integrity? 
The cost will be great to America. @GOP failure to confirm #Garland. @GOP using nuclear option. #Gorsuch's treating corporations like people
It's not like the GOP have hearts or souls. Disgusting.
How do you Libtards have souls? You beat people up and destroy property for politics
Do you really want the Яepublicans to go down in history & be known as "Stolen Seat"?
Oh and known as the party of "DARK MONEY". #integrity #ethics #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
If the Яepublicans pull the Nuclear option, we know they don't care about America & will do anything to meet their AGENDAS! 
GOP - Supports Russian traitors in U.S. government for power.
Vote for Gorsuch & you'll b seeing us in '18 - in full force.  Stolen seat by GOP.  We won't forget & will show u what nuclear really means.
I hope to f#ck not. We will remember all of the corrupt @GOP who screwed us in the upcoming elections.
What about the corrupt democrats that screwed us in everything?
If he is confirmed, it will be for the same reason @GOP voted to sell your online privacy. Gorsuch will do whatever big corporations want.
Completely unacceptable. POTUS under investigation. Listen to your constituents. Vote NO on Gorsuch.
No thank you.
#stolenseat #MerrickGarland #filibustergorsuch
Run to your safe places this is gonna sting a little bit.
No he will not #impeachGOP
And may you reap what you sow
Delay until Russia investigation done. And we find out who's behind the $10 million in dark money supporting him.
You mean the pointless investigation made up by you liberals to try to and sabotage for your party?
You're a #CorruptRepublican who is allowing a #traitor to occupy the Oval Office.
Thanks, Senator. Hang in there and stay tough. 
Merrick Garland
#doublestandards & #hypocricy abound.  #truenottrue #funnynotfunny 3/3
by the time evidence r confirmed DT will control the us system.Watergate will be nothing in comparison
(& the findings could render the results of the election invalid). 3) The nuclear option spirals our democracy further into grave peril. 2/
I vehemently oppose your vote as well as the use of a nuclear option. 1) You're stealing a seat. 2) DJT is under FBI investigation   1/
For something made up by liberals.
May God Bless you all!
Arrogance, greed and evil. Shameful GOP attitude to the Constitution. The people see you.
negative
I can't wait until the country votes you guys out of power. #StolenSeat
^^^ idiots who put party over country say the stupidest things.

We will not forget.

MERRICK GARLAND, never forget
Really? Kind of like how democrats kept people out of the cabinet, putting their party ahead?
The people say no. You work for us and we will not forget. Midterms will prove to be the undoing of the Republican party. #NoGorsuch
I agree, wish vote was today, so we could move on.
Trump ties to Russia
Hypocrisy wears on U very well. U will lose your seat.
So it doesn't really matter what ALL Americans want, only what Republicans want, did I understand that correctly? If not, please correct me.
You know democrats only wanted what they wanted, right?
(1) And therein lies the problem, doesn't it? When Americans, identify as GOPers or Dems, what happens 2 us who don't like the party system?
George Washington was right, political parties are evil.
Gorsuch will forever sit in a seat that was stolen from President Obama.
Suck it up butter cup.
BREAKING: Cornyn has been confirmed as a d-bag by millions of Texans...
If you want to vote for a Texas Senator that'll fight for your interests see below:
Yes! Yes! Yes! Beto is a fantastic pick
