At some point you are going to have to answer for your undying support of the liar in the White House.  These deflections are pointless
Cornyn Owns this HC debacle; he doesn't care if constituents suffer. He & GOP will stay on the Train till it derails then blame HRC.
Blaming her will not work
An  Awakening has happened
That's the cost for the uncertainty you've created + R states not accepting Medicaid expansion. Rs are responsible, not ACA
#MedicareForAll
NO BIG SURPRISE ins co's seeking BIG prem ;CHAOS breeds oppty @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP are MAJOR contributors 2market chaos
Over last 7+yrs GOP: voted 60+ 2REPEAL ACA;  TCare "solution" SUCKS; willing 2TANK marketplace vs seeking bipartisan solution.
Reasons GOP can't come up w/solution is: ACA used GOP IDEAS; GOP can't handle fact that a BLACK prez gave us ACA; NUMBNUTS is prez.
IF GOP truly wants 2HELP AMERICANS start by: holding townhall meetings - can't represent US if u don't listen 2US; put COUNTRY b4 party BS
Single payer.
We already pay more total and more per person for health care than any other developed country. Whoever pays, we still save money.
Reason rates are going up is GOP & Trump are not paying ins co the subsidies. Blackmail/Extortion @ ppl expense. Amer ppl are not stupid
Because of the president actively sabotaging it.  Pay attention, John.
He literally tweets about sabotaging it and the insurance companies are pulling out of markets and raising premiums because if it.  Pay attn
Get insurers out of health care. #SinglePayer
Sen Cornyn  get behind the President...
Work for Americans that rejected the Progressive agenda that was being put upon U S
Do it....
Trump and the GOP been sobotging the ACA  Getting even with Barrak Obama does not hurt him it hurts the America people
ACA hurts me. My premium just went up to $1,796 and still have no access to care. I'm guessing you don't pay a dime. Or a wealthy lib
Quit telling the American people! We know this!! Go talk to your GOP buddies. I hope POTUS does EO that puts Congress on ACA.
At the behest of the admin. How can you continue to support taking away hc from millions? O wait! That doesn't bother you. #TurnTXBlue
Stop recievg us Yes bc Trump's position on ACA is creating more risk edpeciaLou since he threaten not to pay insuranc companies.
In the hood old days senators would work it out for the good of the American people not because of party.
You just don't get it.
It's exactly why we need single payor John. Problem is those insurers u ACT upset about r who u represent so u won't let USA have it
Because why would you try to control greed
This #TexasConservative expects the Republican majority to fix this. Whining doesn’t impress us.  We are furious at your inaction.
Sure. Private Corporations are out to grab every cent they can get.  And you're helping them,  instead of protecting your constituents.
lowest compensation for ins co CEO was $9.3 million in 2016. Highest was $22 million. They're not hurting all that much
As Maj Whip & GOP colleagues do nothing, & fall back 2 obstructionism, health & insurance coverage 4 all is misplaced yet again.
And you're too hateful and Obama-obsessed to take on insurance cos. How much did Tenet, Aetna etc donate to you in last 2 years?
Y'all left the door open and POTUS ain't helping  citizen's on this issue one bit...stop cryin & do something about POTUS
Tell us how much does your health insurance cost the American taxpayers?When you pay UR own premiums then we'll take your opinion seriously.
We urge you to work across the aisle and fix the ACA
And you have done NOTHING to stop the ACA though you campaigned to. Now obstructing POTUS. You are delusional if you think GOP will survive
Why don't you expand Medicaid here in Texas Johnny?  That'll lower premiums won't it?
That's up to the governor. Both Perry and Abbott are to blame for that one. Time for some leadership in TX.
However pressure from a Senator would help.
That is directly because of the uncertainty coming out of Washington! It's your issue. Deal with it
Consider flood control canals, and resivors where repeated flooding occurs.  Cheaper than rebuilding cities, Creats jobs.
Or get cancelled altogether.  Not sure what options I have for 1-1-18
And you don't won't to help
You created this uncertainty in the insurance markets with your lack of legislation.  You were a member of the gang of 13 with secret plan.
DO SOMETHING!!
How is the GOP shoving a tax cut for rich ppl bill through a debate on healthcare? Nice try, but we ain't buying...
As a Texan thanks for the Bipartisan effort to strengthen the ACA, that everyone loves.
Repeal ACA NOW!
Why don't you all kick crazy McCain off every committee 4 supporting Obamacare? This clown is no "hero" for crippling Americans healthcare
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
Because of #TrumpThreat to not pay #CSR cost-sharing reduction payments. Y'all are creating the instability and doing the sabotage. #OwnIt
Article says that the uncertainty caused by you is the cause of most of the increase.  Stop the sabotage and do your job.
If only we had someone in DC in a position to rally GOP votes to do what's right for constituents & FIX IT. You know, a party whip...
And we know the reason for this is republican attempts to kill it. You can run but you can't hide. Stabilize the market with dems NOW!
Stop destabilizing the market you are too crooked to lead this state
when you don't make needed repairs to your home things continue to get worse. You have the power to make repairs to #ACA
We await the Senates solution!
Perhaps you should have read past the headline.
...because @potus has postured that he will not make due payments. #MAGA
Yup. Been telling you that. Your nonsense has caused my ESI to increase. So knock it off.
Of course the markets are in turmoil, & both Congress & the White House are to blame. Please return to order & work on bipartisan solutions.
Wouldn't you do that if you owned a company and was not sure about revenue for next year! The unsureness is related the Republicans.

Rates in some states are going down John
Not true
You're the ones we elected to fix healthcare. Nothing so far. I don't think tax cuts will happen. Rep Party is defunct.
You are supporting the systematic destruction of our democracy. Anything you have to say is irrelevant noise. Delete your account. #2020
Look John, it's all going according to GOP plan. Proud? Are you going to fix it or whine and do nothing to help?
Put the risk corridor back in place that @marcorubio gutted you hypocritical hack.
When are you going to do some legislating to ensure CSRs Are released.
2nd thing...
Two things...1. When are you going to listen to Texas voter's real concerns on healthcare in an open Town Hall meeting face to face?
As you and the lying freak show you protect, sabotage and make it worse.
This is the problem with market-based insurance. Find another solution.
Yes, b/c they have NO IDEA if they can rely on  cost sharing reduction funds, as POTUS is threatening to remove them OUT OF PURE SPITE.

Again, clearly you didn't read the article which puts the blame squarely on you and Trump. You are an embarrassment
Baby Donny is threatening to illegally withhold payments, don't forget. #ImpeachTrump
Thank your orange idol & his clueless band of merry men.  Do your job, you work for your constitutes not #idiotorange
You proud of the uncertainty the President and you have injected into the market?
And what's you plan? Eight years and you don't have one. Single payer is the answer. Obvious.
Get off your ass and be a senator and work across the aisle and fix the ACA. Else, Texas deserves better than Cornyn.
So help fix it. Are you ready to get to work instead of trying to break it?
that's on you! Fix it. The people have spoken and we are still a democracy.
Hey John have you seen what Oregon is doing to give everybody HC? You being TX are a fool John. Stop with all your damn lies.
Gosh, they're going down in Alaska. By 20%!
Stable in Minnesota: https://www.usnews.com/news/best-states/minnesota/articles/2017-07-31/shoppers-to-get-first-glimpse-at-insurance-rates-monday …
Talk to state govnrs like our @GovAbbott if he let the ACA work/expand in TX this would not happen. You can fix ACA or continue obstruction
Gee, if only there were a way for Congress/WH to stabilize the markets instead of throw it into uncertainty.
Expand Medicare. #TurnTxBlue
restatement....gop senate is dysfunctional at expense of citizens.
and gop congress is dysfunctional at the expense of the citizens.
So fix it. Stop trying to erase it because it has @BarackObama attached. Y'all own it now anyway. You'll see in '18. #SoPetty
If so many members of congress didn't receive campaign money from them perhaps y'all might stop them.
They're going up that much because of your inability to get anything meaningful done. If it fails, it's because of you Senator.
Cornball, why don't you explain WHY that's happening?  Dear Leader is clearly sabotaging the exchanges and you and your brethren, let him.
Hey...I've got an idea...what about passing some legislation that prevents ins cos from doing that??
Because you keep "debating" healthcare!!! Maybe just shore up the markets and protect your constituents.
Some aren't increasing premiums at all, John. You've tried lies and misinformation already; it didn't work. Please resign.
With the sabotaging by trump, and Rs at state level; and with doubt Congress will help what do you expect. Stop lying
...because ...
Wow.  I wonder what would have happened if you had focused on fixing the problems w ACA versus repealing it w no viable alternative.
isn't it a little early for shameless pandering to the base ? Clearly, the effects of Trump and GOP's sabotage efforts.
Yes. Health insurers r communicating impact of Trump n GOP threats 2 block the cost sharing payments. Make payments while u work 2 fix ACA.
Get govt out of healthcare.  #repeal & go back to open mkt. Medicare could be expanded for truly needy.  What is Senate doing on this now?
then take some constructive action to improve healthcare delivery and access for all your constituents. This is not a game.
You are clearly out of touch with your constituents. Mitch , Kochs, and Trump don't represent Texas
Thanks for reminding us of your inability to get anything done on capital hill
You're actively supporting this. This is on you too.

I believe that's because you're threatening to stop support payments & causing market unease. We have you figured out
25% for #teachers in #texas.  And that is with a $5000 deductible.   Cannot afford insurance @GovAbbott
So why are you undermining the markets?
I agree with this article.  Take a moment @JohnCornyn http://www.caller.com/story/opinion/readers/2017/08/01/health-care-suggestions-cornyn/528461001/ …
You realize this is because of the president's actions, right?
Then it looks like it is time to vote you out so that something can actually get done in DC.  #VoteOutCornyn #Vote2020 #FixACA
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP @JohnCornyn @tedcruz @RepKevinBrady @SenateMajLdr @WhiteHouse @POTUS   So your solution for a bad auto fuel pump
is to junk the car and buy a new one.  I would roll up my sleeves and change the fuel pump.  You need to sit down with Dems and DO YOUR JOB!
Ur fault. Ur making premiums go up and insurance t pull out.  UR. FAULT.
Block grants with stipulations and restrictions, such as, who must be allowed coverage and no funding of Planned Parenthood!
Exactly why congress needs to find a bipartisan solution to stop the uncertainty and volatility. Universal healthcare!
Someone needs 2 explain 2 45 that politically GOP owns HC, esp since his rage-tweets conf he's sabotaging ACA & wants implosion 2 hurt ppl
John, ICYMI the party of no has been told no on this issue. You and Ted need to get on board and help or stay on the tracks and get run down
You got your wish.
#trumprussia sanctions signed?
Instead of fighting to eradicate #ACA legacy of @BarackObama, modify it to make it work! Don't let perfection get in the way of better.
Join Alexander and DO YOUR JOB
Why is the taxpayer subsidizing private insurance companies, members of Congress and their staff. Shameful
And when are you going to work with democrats to address this?
Love how you're celebrating the results of your own party's sabotage. And millions of us suffer. We will always remember. It's personal.
@POTUS  continuing 2 force US ppl 2 pay premiums w/deductibles 2 high 2 use justifies stopping SUBSIDIES to bailout ins co.
Some increasing is due to Trump sabotaging the ACA.  Stop covering for him, it only ruins your own name.
@TheDemCoalition
it's over john.
Try taking your foot off its neck & demonstrate the expectation that Republican governors fully implement the law.
Single Payer can't get here fast enough. Healthcare is a right.
