Good thing Bush Senior has good medical coverage. How many others would die ? No joke/GOP will kill Americans
Bush 41 & wife Barbara not required to have Obamacare. Thats how DEMOCRAT Congress made the law THEY passed
ACA/'Obama care' covers well over 20 million Americans; 20 million Americans while sending them to corporate insurers.
Get your FACTS straight: 

March 2016, Paragraph 4, 

LOUSY Obamacare only has 12 Million signed up
Breitbart… American trash. You could just as easily be citing RT Weekly. Become interchangeable but you don't know that
Here u go. FACTS vs FAKE NEWS media info on Obamacare real enrolled #s 
Dec 2016, Paragraph 7 -- A mere 17M
@HouseGOP @GOP Use 22+ million enrollees in their campaign to undermine ACA. Numbers change only in propaganda sites
Horrible Obamacare data reveals:

January 2017, Paragraph 1 -->  just tiny sum enrolled - 11+M

SAD

http://washex.am/2j1Orus 
hurry and get well Mr. President.
The world has a mysterious way of repaying those who have harmed & deceived the American people for his hateful agenda.
. Get well soon President Bush!
he's an evil pedophile! Ask the evil monster about Cathy O'Brien and all the other little kids he has molested.
Love these two and respect them so much. So glad you are getting stronger. God bless you both!
@laurabergerol @GeorgeHWBush I bet they are also very grateful for their #healthcare & #science.
Bush 41 & Barbara not required 2 have Obamacare. Thats how DEMOCRAT Congress made the law THEY passed
yes, I'm sure w/ all of their oil $ & former CIA benefits its hard for them to make ends meet, detracting fr/ longevity
God Bless you sir.
wishing you the best and a fast recovery.  keeping you and Mrs Bush in my prayers.
The Majorie Family sends prayers to President Bush & Mrs Bush. Get well & may God Bless you & your family!!!!
looking good! Best wishes and <3
sending love to you  George  , we have different  political view but you always had my respect
and we thank them for everything they have done  from a girl in England who's doesn't know anything, thank you!
Best wishes. Get well soon
Best wishes to a great man.
Get well and take care you were my HERO PRESIDENT FOR SURE
Raif Tawakol M.D.
wish A safety & Healthy Life for this Great Family,may The Lord Bless Your nice Family Mr.President.
My President! Only one like you! Thanks for your time and work as our President! God Bless!--and--Git ur Health Back!!
feel better honey
Truly an incredible couple..be well <3
I'm glad he finally got to go home. God bless George HW.
Please get well soon.
God bless and know that prayers are going up for the Bush family. We thank you for your service
I will pray a #Rosary for this man 
@GeorgeHWBush. A #TraditionalCatholicPriest should be called @SSPXUSA to hear #CONFESSION now.
love you both
get well mr president.
Hope you feel better
May God bless you both. Jim Robinson III introduced. You are the last of a breed. John McCain & GHWB our last heroes.
thank you for your smiles... always keep a smile...
Bless you both, for all you did for the world...♡
. Esteremos atentos , preguntale sobre el salto cuantico de esta era !!!!
get well soon Mr. President. May God bless you with good health and long long life 
Get well soon
wish them the best - even from us Democrats
Josh, you are the kind of Dem i like. You can appreciate them as people. Put the politics aside for a moment.
is a good man (and better woman).
And unlike our current #POTUS, he served our country in battle and as a public servant. #StayStrong & #GetWell!
i would love to see them in office again.
Blasphemy! From Bay of Pigs to JFK, Watergate to CIA Director becoming POTUS, Iran/Contra to 9/11. It was Bush!
God bless you both!
@1776Stonewall @GeorgeHWBush I love you George and Barbara!
praying for you both!
Last POTUS to serve in military & do so with honor and distinguishment. Thank you, sir, for your service & God bless!
@GioBenitez @GeorgeHWBush Bless his heart.
speedy healing and extended good health and happiness to you both 
Didn't like his politics but loved these two for their ageless vitality, and rockin' the socks #ccot
Wishing the Bush's the very best and a healthy new year!! Get well soon!!
love you
Looking good Mr President & Mrs Barbara
wish them well and thank for rep and serve our country with grace
Get well, God Bless both of you
God bless to both of you. How fortunately to live and love so long together.Get home soon! Love from your favorite Dem!
God Bless both of you. Prayers for your complete recovery.
#BushMafiaAgh

...get well President and Mrs. Bush!
Dear President and Mrs Bush. You look wonderful. I'm " So Happy!"
Sending big hugs and prayers your way.
Like the Emperor Palpatine he awaits his Return of the Jedi Darth Vader toss down the shaft into oblivion. Waahhh prrrt
@thehill @AriMelber  Happy for both of them. Especially that they didn't have to endure that inauguration!
.
Best wishes always to Bush41 and his Silver Fox.
God Bless you both
love to Mr.and MRS. Bush from a Fellow Texas Family The Fowler's
be well. We love yall5.
I "thought" she was in hospital also ????!!!! Hummmm
Please stay heathy President Bush and Mrs. Bush. I don't want to cry if something happens to you both.
so grateful for this picture! Looking good! God bless.
GOD BLESS YOU BOTH & FAMILY
I pray for YOU & FAMILY.  TRUE LOVE, I LOVE YOU ALL!

DO NOT EVER CONFIRM SESSIONS WTF IS PAYING FOR COMMERCIALS TO CONFIRM HIM?
God Bless you both.  Best wishes for a speedy recovery.  You are a wonderful example to us all.
41 is hanging in there!
so happy these two wonderful people are doing so well.  prayers.
your welcome
get well soon Mr President
Get well soon! 
Get well. Class act.
GOD BLESS YOU BOTH
Get well soon
praying for you from Our family to yours
Continue to get well Mr President, your wife needs you home. God Bless you Both.
I meet the president in Beirut  after the Beirut bombing God bless you sir simper fi.
Keep pushing that rock up the hill 41.
prayers for a speedy recovery and s vidit to the superbowl
Get well soon Mr. President!
Thank you President Bush and Mrs.Bush,  from a grateful nation. All Americans are praying for a quick recovery.
GLAD THE OLD NEW WORLD ORDER 'DON' IS BETTER.. SKULL AND BONES LIVE LONG LIVES
God Bless
Get well!
 Wishing you a speedy recovery. God Bless
feel better..
really that who you have good wishes and sympathy for?
@figment2211 @GeorgeHWBush  Here's a memorable pic of the lovely couple.
#RelationshipGoals
Bless you Mr. President and Lady Bush. You both look wonderful. You're in our prayers!
@AmericaforTrum3 @GeorgeHWBush 
GOD BLESS PRESIDENT BUSH AND HIS WIFE.
WE PRAY FOR YOU.
Get well soon Mr. President and Lady wife, prayers are with you.
@JohnCornyn @GeorgeHWBush We are so grateful for your recovery. We continue to pray
is it just me or did he out age and out grow her since 1986.
wish them speed recovery.
Hope Mr. Bush gets better soon
@TaggertGirl GREAT FAMILY
. A lot of God bleese on our President and his entire families.
Best wishes for your health sir.
YOU KNOW YOU TRULY ARE BLOOD KIN TO ME AND MY FAMILY HONEST TO GOD ALMIGHTYS TRUTH
GET BETTER SOON MY COUSIN OK
Bless your hearts, President and Mrs. Bush!  Wishing you blue sky from here on out!
prayers my friend! A great man in my book!
Mrs Bush looks fabulous.  What a classy woman and wonderful wife she truly is!
I love this photo. Much love to the Bush family.
God speed, sir. Get well soon! 
@JohnCornyn @GeorgeHWBush Continued Prayers! Shout out to 72 years of Marriage!
Hope & pray ur both Feeling better very Soon!!! We need yall!!!
God bless you sir!!!
Thanks for all you have done for us.
good morning again and get well soon
prayers for a speedy recovery 
I say let the hillary supporters pray for the bushes..they supported her against Trump and I won't forget it.
Beautiful couple! Have stood together for so long!
Get well soon Mr President and the mrs too may God bring you to a speedy Recovery
best wishes on a speedy recovery @GeorgeHWBush and Mrs. Bush. I have fond memories of watching them in the White House when young
i'm in tears. a lifelong democrat yearning for the days when I respected the political opposition. best wishes.
god.  Bless.  The. Bushs.
What a class act you two are! Glad you're feeling better! #OnTheMend #MarriedForever
God bless them.  So glad they are out of the woods and mending.  They look wonderful.
God Bless you both and thank you for the loving letter to our new President. Such class as always.
#Leadership in faith, family and county.  God Bless you both!
Get well soon Mr. President!  So glad to see the former First Lady is feeling better as well! Please take care.
we should be thanking them...daily.
Glad YOU ARE DOING BETTER MR BUSH AND MRS BUSH 
Being president,jumping from planes,wearing hospital gown in pic.Always adventurous.Lov'm both!@JessFaulknerOH
Thsnks for your service.  May God bless this great couple!
Get well soon, Mr. President

quick recover Mr. president   God bless
SPEEDY RECOVERY......GOD BLESS
we are rooting for you both for a speedy recovery!
We love you both.
Great to see them both back at 'em.
Thank You  Mr. President for your service to our country. It was a honor to have U as my Commander in Chief.
Wishing you both a speedy recovery, Mr. President. God Bless and prayers with you. Make that #SuperBowl !
Is he in labor? Now that's women's lib!
I am so happy they're doing so much better. Best wishes to both of them.
Feel better Bush family. Prayers going up
@MattMackowiak @GeorgeHWBush would it kill him to say something about our current political situation? He doesn't care about us.
my prayers for your continued full recovery and wish you both the best and goodhealth..
Let me just be a little superficial: Barbara looks younger now. Just sayin'
She looks great it's true
God bless them.
So happy to see him in good spirits....God bless you President & Mrs Bush.
God bless U'er grace and i pray 4 U'er fast recovery president Bush and first lady.
love and honor you President and Mrs. Bush!! Barbara, you inspire me to hold my head high, laugh more, and love hard!
Looking good! Sending best wishes and a very speedy recovery! Love them. God bless you 
You r both in our thoughts + prayers! 
Stay strong...and get well.WE love you and continue to lift you up to the Throne room.May God continue to bless you!
praying for your health!.
Our best wishes and good health Mr President! May God bless you and your family. Our prays from Georgia
May The Divine Physician heal them and bless them!!
@SassyPantsjj @GeorgeHWBush blessings and wishes for full recovery, joy and peace filled days 
@KTLA @GeorgeHWBush  
This guy is a bad person. Mr. New World Order. I hope he gets everything he deserves on judgement day. He definitely needs your prayers.
dead walking....zombies
I'm a Dem. Who wishes them well! Great couple.
What about this?
