How did you spend your payoff from insurance companies and big pharma, John?  See you in the voting booth, you pile of .
They're endorsing it cause they can go back to fleecing those who pay into them.
One in support, all the others oppose, so what does @JohnCornyn do? Only comment on the one! Speaking of fake news! #CornynIsAWeasel
AMA doesn't. Hospitals don't. Most Americans dont. Where would u rather go for HC? 2 An insurer who's gonna get rich?
Sure they like it. You give them what they want. Not what your constituents want & need.
Everyone else thinks it's trash, but hey! You got Anthem!
Because they profit off of it!
It's not about whats good for insurance companies, it's about your constituents!  #pendejo
And 29,000 will DIE every year. Republicans want genocide.
Gee...wonder why?
AARP DOES NOT!!!!!!!
How about AARP, AMA?
what insurer wouldn't love sky-high premiums for crap "coverage"?
weird, given that you told them they can stop covering sick people, but keep taking money from healthy ones.
Oh Hell yes! How much of our health insurance dollars do they waste in bribing Congress every year? >20%!
Wow! The profiteers making money off of our screwy private market system want to make more money? I'm shocked!
I'm sure they do.  All insurance and big pharma too. Check with AMA AARP and see what they have to say.
Of course they do, John. How much $$ did Anthem and the health insurance lobby put toward your campaign?
Seriously? Why wouldn't they? You're lining their pockets with blood money!!
Well bless your heart. You have no idea insurance companies only care about the bottom line, do you?
Well, sure, it makes them loads of $$$$$. Are you forgetting that you represent humans, not corporations as your constituents? #voteyouout

Cornyn "initially majored in biology and planned to become a physician" - Texans would be better off if you were a crappy doctor instead.
He sure could harm fewer people that way. Too bad he can't turn back time, but we can help him by voting him out. #CornynForMedSch2020
I will be on that bus.
It is a windfall for them. As for the American people, thanks for nothing. #gopdoesnotcare
Of course they do, john. They would have a windfall tax break from it.
So you're letting big for profit insurance companies dictate Americans' care?? I cannot wait to vote you out of office. You're heartless.
Congrats on effectively bribing insurers. Patients, hospitals, and doctors are still opposed!
In other news, "Lions support Zebra-Eating Bill". I voted for you in the past, and greatly look forward to voting against you in the future.
Since even the private/employer market is unstable right now (I still don't have insurance for 2017-18), I guess they see it as a net gain.
Of course they would, they put so much money into you to endorse it. Do I need to call you? I will use my chipmunk voice to crack you.
Doctors charge ins. 3 to 4 times more than cash payers. They're as bad as Pharms, Ins & Gov. Repeal, no replace & open state markets.
Health insurers make $ off this bill. Why aren't you listening to your constituents who will die if they lose their healthcare?
Of course they do, bloodsucking for profit healthcare systems - how much money did they donate to your campaign?
How much money do they get without having to actually pay any claims? A bird's nest on the ground.
Because they profit from it moron
Quit trying to push this as a good thing, you're just excited b/c you'll be getting a hefty tax break and a kickback from the ins. industry.
An insurer - that's all you can come up with in favor? Overwhelming opposition to cruel bill to deny healthcare to millions.
As usual insurance companies win under GOP bill but your constituents loose!  Way to look out for us John!
Are they the ones who falsified financials to justify abandoning less profitable state markets?
You really want to talk endorsements John?

How about @AmerMedicalAssn and @AARP?

Remind us again what they think of this abomination.
 the people that got bribed and can kick off sick people for profit!!! Yea I bet
What good is an Obamacare card if you can't use it and can't afford to use it?
Of course, I'm sure their CEO will benefit from your tax cuts. #TrumpCareFail 50-65 year olds will not be voting for YOU again.
The American Medical Assn opposed. It does get more serious than that. Anthem endorsed for $ reasons. We are not stupid.
Offer me $100 Billion in bribes and I'd support it, too.
Outlier. Ever heard of that?
Of course Anthem does!  They want more profits!
Profit meet the money. Clueless as usual Johnny.
Of course! Ins companies endorsed Obamacare too but people hate it! People were promised REPEAL OF OBAMACARE! Keep PROMISE!
How much was the bribe ?
Those folks at Anthem are working hard. Emptying bedpans, starting IV's, oh wait, all they do is extract money from the equation.
Are they on your FEC filing?
How much of the Senate does @AnthemInc endorse?
I need to hear from Aetna Texas & to hear that our rates are going down 60%. $1200 a month for a teacher is criminal.
That's like saying billionaires approve of your killing Americans for tax breaks bill. #replaceCornyn
Of course they do! CEOs want their multimillion $ bonuses and tax cuts!
The Hospitals, Nursing homes, Nursing orgs, and AMA OPPOSE it.  I care more about patients and providers than the for-profit Insurance Co!
Well that says a mouthful, doesn't it?
Anthem has long been a proponent of higher premiums for less coverage. Hiked rates & decreased coverage every year employer plans.
Dude , nothing will stop the fact that tens of thousands of Texans will die as a result of your vote. How can you accept that?
who do you side with, for-profit insurance company bureaucrats or the AMA, whose doctors oppose the bill?
You mean the company or their lobbyist who you met with behind closed doors?
Yep! Got to write it the #TrumpCareKills bill not the senators
Well they love the idea of skyrocketing premiums
Doctors and nurses are against it. Insurance companies are for it. This says all you need to know. #NoAHCA
Which means it's good? This is your claim of success? This co. approves? Holy mother of God, when did you sell your soul, John?
Hey dummy. You work for the people of Texas, not for an insurance company that you gave a bunch of breaks to
Call it what it is Deathcare bill.
Health insurance endorsement is not a good yard stick to judge efficacy of healthcare bill. They are in it for profit! #resist
This is all a game to you, isn't it? #Sad #NoBCRA #CanCornyn20
#Dems dealt the country a very bad hand with #Obamacare. It is a colossal failure.  Would be better to repeal it, make published charge  1/2
Sheets available at every doctor's office & hospital, & buy insurance across state lines. Then, be done with it
@johncornyn but every physician group opposes it. Who is caring and who is profiting.
Al due respect sir, but I'm more concerned what doctors say about the bill instead of an insurance company.
The Republican Party has lost its morals and integrity. It is the party of the 2%. Screw their constituents.
American Medical Association slams Senate bill. "First, do no harm. The draft legislation violates that standard on many levels."
Of course they do.  They'll make a ton of $$.  What about the AMA??
Even more evidence that the bill is NOT good for American citizens. If an insurance co loves it, they get more $$ & more of us die.
Already knew u value corporations more than individuals.1corporation approves.Millions of people won't as premiums increase &coverage lowers
Because anthem will get more money but provide less coverage
I'll bet. You guys are so myopic.  It's the insurance companies that are causing this crisis
Great news ... where's >> UnitedHealth,  Aetna et al???

Looks like you're selling band-aids for a broken bone 

@GregAbbott_TX @DanPatrick

This is wild. The tax cuts 400 families get from the BCRA equals the Medicaid expansion for 700,000+ people. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/26/15862002/tax-cuts-ahca-republican-health-plan …
#MakeAmericaLookDumbagain 
The american people dont!
Why don't you talk about what the AMA said?
But did you read the AMA's statement? What the actual health care providers think? Or do you just not care?
Well, the National Enquirer endorsed 45, so everyone gets one supporter I guess 
Well of course they would. Look at all the incentives you're giving them at 22 million people's expense.
You mean the insurance companies like the fact that they can raise rates on the sick and elderly? Shocking!
Congratulations, you found literally one company that says this and you've not let it go for days.
Nobody else has. Pay attention, sir.
...because appropriations for CSRs. They're not supporting the bill, they're telling you to appropriate funding for CSRs. Second para.
And why is this?  Could it be that while we suffer they will make even larger profits?  Time for you to go,  u don't work for us
Good lord you're not a good person are you. Did you also decide not to tell Americans about ? #NoCutsToMedicaid
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
Why wouldn't they? You give tax cuts to them and their execs at the expense of Americans.  Classic conservative over here
Gross
Well 1 out of a hundred is something to brag about.
Republicans are just straight up cruel. It is heartbreaking to watch. And you sir are the leader of the cruelty.
You gave them millions in tax breaks of course they love it.
1 for 20 ain't bad
Who cares? Every entity worth its salt is against this plan. The fact you're not speaks volumes about your intentions. #worstsenatorinusa
Where are all of your supporters on here? Not seeing them voice their pride in your venality.
Sure, this Bill has a 17% approval rating among the people. Just stop.
How many others-none! This is like Trump calling out the only poll where he has a 50% approval rating!
Texans, real voters, overwhelming disapprove. One insurance co may donate lots of money, but it can't reelect. Listen to your constituents.
Taking $117 billion from Medicaid and giving it to the top .1% is heartless. 28,000 people will die because they will not have insurance.
28,000 will die every year, according to scientific studies. Of course, Republicans don't believe in science.
Note to self: avoid Anthem
Who?! Anthem is a subsidiary of Blue Cross Blue Shield they specialize in small group health insurance. The top 10 list do not endorse.
No matter how much lipstick you put on this pig called healthcare reform, it's still a pig!
4 million will lost there employer-provided healthcare too.But not congress or the senate who put in loop holes for the best fot there self
They should endorse it. They are co-authors.
At your next town hall, THIS will be shoved up your ass. When you call for a doctor, we will laugh.
NO shit. It's a tax break for them and money in your pocket I'm sure.
- What a SHOCK insurers who stand to gain as much or more than 1% would love this plan. Folks actually providing CARE hate it!
The CEO is getting a massive tax break. More dirty politics. No respected major medical org or patient advocacy org supports this bill.
Of course they do! They wrote it, and will get billions richer , and you will get more millions too, right  Senator. Blood Money
@anthemgame I have Anthem & preexisting condition. Thanks for making them richer while I get to pay more. People will die. #NoAHCA
They are FOR PROFIT, just like you. #SwampCongress
Many organizations and millions of Americans don't.
Shouldn't you be looking out for us? Anthem endorsed. @ama, @AARP among others that don't. What's more important? Medical care or insurance?
So very smug and vain mocking when you made made the markets unstable  Anthem gets billions in bonus so yes they for it
can we discuss at TOWN HALL when yr back in TX next week? (real one not staged like culberson had, please). #NoTrumpCare #CountryOverParty
When and Where???
Of course it does....
Page 30. This essentially subsidizes the bonuses of Health Insurance Executives. 
You're putting the welfare of a company's bottom line over ability of individuals (your constituents) to afford care for a better life?
By reading comments, I'd say you're not explaining yourself well. How about a townhall to explain it and listen to us?
They were part of a letter blaming u for next rate incr bc of threats 2 CSRs. Of course they will back it 4 lifetime caps & rate increases.
You're a terrorist.
Of course they will....collect premiums and provide no services. Outrageous! Texas voter
Of course insurers are happy, John. You and the GOP senators behind TrumpCare are in their pockets. Money talks, poor folks die.
You don't work for the insurance company.
CEO has a half a million reasons to love this bill,as in $$$.I am glad you found someone that has as few principals as you to kill citizens
Again, why should I trust an insurer whose goal is to make $ off of sick people? Constituent here 78240
The AMA & people w/ a conscious do not! What kind of insurance do you have @JohnCornyn? How will bill apply to you? Exemption for Congress?
Who cares?
Hold townhalls to discuss health care, immigration & tax reform & more. Hear what Texans in Texas think of it.
Why not? Talk to your constituents you fool.  See if they want to spend 40% of their income on healthcare. 8+ years and this? DISGUSTING.
Health groups urge governors to fight Senate healthcare bill
What about your constituents? Are you interested in what they think?
The American Medical Association came out against your death Bill. Why no link to THAT Senator?
They probably helped write it.
That's because they're tyre ones who stand to gain. What about ttys AMA? Patient groups?
This is telling more about what I feared.Go back to the drawing board and fast. We were hoping you guys would fix this, not the ins co.
@AmerMedicalAssn states it violates "Do No Harm". But go ahead, listen to an insurance company that has a lot of $$$ to gain from your bill
Texas we have got to #CanCornyn2020 he is working for big business and doesn't even care how many will die due to their greed.
Does Anthem even offer policies in Texas? Quit trying to convince us. Actually, quit trying to kill us too. 77373
"attenuate the US opioid crisis is not part of the agenda of the health insurance industry"
Cornyn's num 3,8,&12 industries own this bill. Say 'hello' to the healthcare cartel:
Relative to Anthem's CEO:
y'all forgot to ask him what the annual paycheck has been for ppl in his post for past 20 yrs. & does he offshore that income?
Well duh.  Of course they endorse getting tax cuts and the ability to offer watered down insurance plans for higher premiums.

Still trying to put lipstick on this pig?
You mean a company who will benefit from tax breaks likes this? Talk to me when you win over @AARP
You're despicable. Do you even care about your constituents? Or just $$$? No need to answer. I already know. Can't wait to vote you out.
because they get a huge tax cut for the CEO, and you brought them in to write it for you. you and all your rich friends get breaks on the
backs of all hard working Texans that are going to die because they can't afford to keep insurance because the premiums go up 20% next yr.
here's a novel idea john, fix the healthcare industry itself and not screw over 1000's of texans that are end users of the broken system.
fix the prices that are charged by hospitals and doctors and pharma companies, its sad the person next to me can pay 10x more 4 same thing.
that's the true way to save healthcare is to fix the actual system, not penalize the end users of that system because youre paid by the sys.
Quit lying to us texans john,  Texas 2.430M will lose it in 10 years. one of the biggest losses.
Cuz it'll make millions! I know that's what I care about...that the insurance giants flourish! CBO Score! How much r they paying u?
An insurance company is glad it could bring back lifetime caps and charge more for pre-existing conditions? You don't say!
What happened to @GOP 7 YEAR promise of #FullRepeal of #ACA? Did you think we'd forget? It's why we worked so hard for your majority/pres!
Of course. $$$
On top of that, the AMA, which should be your go-to source as to how it will affect your constituents, slammed it as a disaster.
This legislation is in-American, as is any Senator who votes for it. Shame on you
Nearly every professional healthcare org. in US opposes Senate bill because they took the Hippocratic Oath: First do no Harm. Partial list:
You tweeted this out yesterday. I wouldn't hang my hat on it, seeing how CEO is thrilled for pay raise and the bill is a monstrosity.
