Fair framing.  You ask your question and I will ask mine.  I don't think anyone - president or journalist - has a right to defy the law. https://twitter.com/BresPolitico/status/893825502657613824 …
disregard the Constitution
My worry, trying to limit the free press-FP appears to be better checks and balance to the executive branch than the legislature #NotOkay
Need to define leak.
If U want 2 prosecute the press, prosecute those that are reporting false information like @seanhannity. He KNOWINGLY reports FALSE info
Welcome to Texas, where we worship the 2nd Amendment and Football.  1st Amendment and Hockey need not apply
He was for it during Obama admin before he was against it during Trump.
In my humble opinion ANYONE  who leaks info or publishes it that puts USA National Security at risk should be prosecuted
the trump has leaked info compromising national security. Should he be prosecuted, or is he above the law?
There is such a thing called the Constitution, remember that one Johnny?  It has a few amendments, the first 10 are called "The Bill of
Rights).  The first, the VERY FIRST amendment protects speech, grants freedom of the press, to peacefully assemble...I guess if people like
you can vote to strip millions, MILLIONS of people of healthcare, then you wouldn't have much trouble trampling all over that pesky first
first amendment, would you SIN-ator?  You and your buddy little sessions and the rest of you (expletives deleted) up there on the hill. But
But you & @GOP will only aid & abet one to do so!!
You're a senator. Seems like you would know this. New thing you should try "Google it"  it's too complicated for 140 characters.
Town Hall? When and where is your Town Hall meeting, many Texas Voters want to discuss healthcare, the f'ing wall, Russia.  Well?
Hopefully, only in the interest of national security.
I'm with you Comrade Johnny!! We can't build a totalitarian state if we have a bunch of reporters telling people what we're up to.
Why reporters are the focus when it should have been Russia Today and Wikileaks? Asking for a friend.
Yes IF the information revealed was classified. Otherwise they are not committing a crime.
Problem is that they classify nearly everything and there are several levels of classification. "Classified" is a slippery slope. :(
Totally get what you're saying, though.
Likely not under the Texas reporter shield statute, Chapter 22, Civil Practice and Remedies Code. Not aware of a federal shield law.
It is true that much of the implementation of the First Amendment is due to custom, it is also true that we re-elect based on custom, too.
Good luck with that.
So does this mean DOJ will be sending arrest warrant for POTUS leaking classified intel?
I have no idea why trump bows to Putin-but I do want to know.  The free press exists to be a voice for the powerless and the poor.
What you're asking here, as a powerful U.S. senator, is exactly why we have/need a free press.
The journalist has not broken the law - the leaker has. You're  suggesting using the police power to compel an innocent party to cooperate.
That's dangerous gov't overreach (thought @GOP were opposed to that...huh) & a very slippery slope re the enormous power of the gov't.
Heh. Cheney & GOP Congress increased power of the Executive for Bush#43.
Then wailing & gnashing of teeth when Obama used those same powers.
Who's civil rights would the court violate, the 1st Amendment rights of the reporter, or the 5th Amendment rights of the source? Useless.
Freedom of the press is not freedom to publish illegally obtained classified information/documents.
Cornyn--if leaders speak truthfully & make reasonable, thoughtful decisions you'd have far less leaking
My God do I miss Molly Ivens.
Mr. Cornyn, maybe the leaks are due to legitimate concern over trump's refusal to stand up for USA.  What does trump owe Putin?  Money?
I'd be more impressed if you were going after law breakers, colluders, etc. Me thinks you doth protest too much
Let me ask you this.  You're a judge. How would you rule?

For evidence, I direct you to your campaign website.
I thought you were a lawyer?
First thing I did was to check.
Yup. UV Law School,, 1995 Master's.
But then he lay down with dogs, got up with fleas + White Man Goggles.
yes but you used to be able to know the president would support freedom of speech and didn't use intimidation on reporters and FBI
And many journalists are willing to do to jail to protect us from the autocracy we are spiraling down toward
Prosecute Alex Jones who reports wild conspiracy theories like denying Sandy Hook massacre. That kind of reporting has consequences
(Whistle Blowers)
Ask Judith Miller.
Nope! SCOTUS says so
guess the Shield law is headed back to the Supreme Court.
Questions: 1) does the POTUS have right to lie to Americans? 2) should leaders care about the people who elected them?
The press isn't the problem. Our WH wouldn't have leakers if the WH didn't have so many liars. Checks and balances between fact and fiction.
Laws enacted to prevent a free press the freedom to do their jobs is unconstitutional.
Congress shall make"NO LAW"....abridging the freedom of speech, "OR OF THE PRESS"......It's self explanatory.
I think a thorough debate needs to be held on what is public information before there are more DOJ prosecutions and new guidelines issued.
Freedom of the press means the Freedom of the press 2 do their jobs. Meant as a check & balance between fact & fiction. Constitutional right
Why can't some responders answer a simple question? The reporter should not be held in contempt. The Leaker should be found and punished.
I think the original question posed and your two questions are fair ones.  What about non-classified information?
I feel a new, thorough debate on the information that is public needs to be held and modern guidelines be developed before more prosecutions
1) it happens all the time. What's ur point.  #cornygoals
Welcome to fascism people! Republicans sure loved leaks when it was Hillary. Right Jason Chaffetz?
No we are not a communist nation, freedom of the press is essential to freedom of the people #cleanhouse2018
are they leakers or whistleblowers? it's not news if it's not a secret.  Dealings in the dark deserve to be brought to light
Do you consider unclassified info passed from WH staff to reporter breaking the law?
One more step toward authoritarianism?
Uh, yeah. Does the name Judith Miller ring a bell? Shouldn't you know this?
Were I a reporter, I wouldn't want to tell you my sources. That would make me a nark, and no-one likes narks. Also, we know about you.
Did I miss the second question?
What happens if the leaker marries the reporter?
That question was settled with Brazburg v Hayes (2973)
Sorry that was 1973, not 2973
Yes and no. Look it up.
Oh and also, restrict the first Amendment, means the 2nd if full game. Good luck!
Hey John, transparency is good for everyone to see how the govt actually works. Why hide unless you're part of the issue.
One question, really: 1) can "Senators" be voted out for failing the American people or have their gerrymandered that problem away?
They are Seriously not above the Law
Comrade we are watching all your extremist moves and we are not happy you are representing us. tell us at a Town Hall why we vote for you?
As a U.S. Senator, did you take an oath to defend our Constitution? Remember you serve Texans. We will hold you accountable.
A Free a Press is VITAL to our democracy! Americans deserve to know that Trump is an incompetent negotiator and betrayer of our allies.
It is far more important to denounce the steady stream of lies from Trump and his administration.  Americans deserve better.
A Free Press is vital to our Democracy. Americans deserve to know that their President lied about border wall and who would pay for it.
You really want to squelch  the 1st amendment  don't you.
A Free Press Is VITAL to our DEMOCRACY. Americans deserve truth about political campaigns taking money from Ukranian Putin supporters.
A free press is VITAL for DEMOCRACY. This is especially true when the President, his press secretary, and members of his administration lie.
A free and assertive press protects our democracy. Our Founding Fathers made sure of it.
For example NSA spying on Americans.
No reporters shouldn't. We want leaks about the shady stuff the government is doing no matter who's in office.
Legally?   Of course.  But this is really a policy question.  Should the gov do this or does it go against the spirit of 1A?
Nature of the leaked info is a factor.  Don't citizens have a right to know what gov is doing if the leak doesn't risk national security?
Complex. Question isnt THEIR speech, its shielding of source who broke law for info.  Nation of laws or not? Not black & white.
Why didnt Republican leadership inform  about  as our IC communities confidence grew? #TrumpRussia
NEVER FORGET that in September, McConnell reportedly rejected calls for a unified front against Russia & cast doubt on the intelligence. 5/ 
EVERYONE should have to obey the law. Unfortunately there's 2 tier US justice system. One for politician/bureaucrat. One for WE, the People
Complex, but yes. They can hold back their source, but w/consequences, if legitimate US secret. On other hand, too much stuff is classified.
Reporters should not be neutralized by forcing them to betray sources. That is a thinly veiled attempt at govrnmt authoritarianism.
The 45th president has been defying the law since day one, thanks for freedom of the press or we wouldn't know about it. Country B4 Party
This is very dangerous territory you are venturing into. 1st Amendment & freedom of the press, without that we fall to tyranny.
You have the finest investigation tools available
Just hunt down the damn leakers and perp walk them out in handcuffs. Charge them, prosecute them and lock them up
Yes, they can be held in contempt for failing to comply like anyone else. That's the law. You were a Texas Supreme Court Justice?
Can members of this admin be held for lying on forms and during confirmation hearings? See- Sessions, Mnuchin, Jared, Ivanka, Bannon, etc...
 that's a topic I think @JohnCornyn should discuss.
No journalist with a conscience will betray a source. That's an ethical red line for us. Jail is preferable to breaking your word
The only 1A right Cornynprotects are his own. He give not a single damn about the rest of the Citizens. Not a Patriot at all
May 19, 2013 on Face the Nation in case you can't remember.

http://www.cbsnews.com/news/obama-cultivating-culture-of-cover-ups-and-intimidation-cornyn-says/ …
Not what you said in 2013
Courageous journalists have gone to jail rather than reveal a source.
Sen Cornyn. Surely you value and support the 1st Amendment Freedom of Press. You are now talking like a dictator!
You mentioned president. Keep that in mind when voting to convict during impeachment.
Stop trying to change the subject. The subject is the criminally insane @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow

Do you think the President has a right to lie with impunity?
Many great reporters have gone to jail rather than give up sources and they will again if need be.
Role of leakers & reporters in Watergate. Protect democracy, free elections, free press... Same today. What is your intent?
So many inaccurate stories from anonymous sources. They should step out into the light. The accused has a right to face accuser
How DID you get elected?  Is there plenty of koolaid in Texas?
Two questions What should happen to GOPmembers that have taken Russia money2 what should happen to GOPmembers that fail to protect  country
I agree with you 100%. To me, no one has the right to defy the law regardless of status or reason.
The Liberal leaning press in its zeal to prove Trump should not have been elected gives no thought to revealing national security info.
Fox news talking points!
Do you want the reputation associated with imprisoning journalists that rogue countries have? Journalists need freedom not imprisonment.
Just two questions, in: how much money did the #Russian oligarch give YOU, and was it worth it in the end? 

#treason
#Russiagate
Do you really want to die on the "the First Amendment doesn't really protect journalists THAT much" hill?
Would you really want to prosecute Paul Revere or Thomas Payne???
I would say no.
Two questions really, 1)How did you become such a shill to Trump? 2)How soon can I vote you out of office?
Not according to most courts, John. Which begs the question: how long before y'all start dismantling those?
Leakers are not the press problem, the press is failing in creditability, bias coverage! #hardtruth report & let us decide! #freedom
If you want credibility in journalism then shut off Foxnews!
Double edged sword. Without the ability to protect source-press less likely to uncover secrets. Zeal to reveal scoops could endanger others
If it concerns national security then yes if they don't comply pull credentials and jail
 you old men in the @SenateGOP have let @realDonaldTrump defy the law since January! #bigot #PartyBeforeCountry
Yes. Why would it be illegal under Article 1 to protect your source except to throttle freedom of the press?
You are just as treasonous as the #fakepresident attacking the free press like this. You don't care about truth.
Can I drive around in a stolen car, if I wasn't the one who stole it?
Historically, yes. Many reporters have been jailed because they refused to reveal their sources. Thanks to them for their courage.
The problem is with the cowardly sources

She cannot speak English or even program a computer but she does need salvation hope warmth and comfort #refugeeban 
#NoTravelBan #NoRaise

#Syria might not be in the news any more but the planes still fill the sky and the bombs they drop are still killing and maiming thousands 
#NoRefugeeBan


#NoMuslimBan
no
pretty sure my answer to your second question will be no as well
well shit, meet me for drinks and I will explain


Not long ago IRS & Lois Lerner got in hot water on tea party applications. DOJ and WH pushing political government policies.  No outrage!

Pictures say more than a thousand words 

https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/07/bill-browders-testimony-to-the-senate-judiciary-committee/534864/ … Everyone!! Blow up this article with likes/retweets!!!! This is what Putin wants to turn the US into!!! #TrumpRussia

Our statement on Jeff Sessions' disturbing press conference announcing a crackdown on leaks and journalism https://freedom.press/news/statement-jeff-sessions-disturbing-press-conference-announcing-crackdown-leaks-and-journalism/ … 
