If that it true, then we need to know why? What was the Trump campaign up to that warranted legal surveillance?
and who ordered the warrant for  surveillance!! Why don't we get the answer? Who gave to press? Why no answers 
The POTUS can not order it. A judge okays a warrant and not easy to get.
98%are approved
.@JohnCornyn Imagine if Obama had to fire his campaign manager, national security advisor and maybe his AG over their ties to Kenya.
No evidence that there was Kenyan influence over that election
.@boatsgilhooley @JohnCornyn - right, thatsthejoke.gif
sorry, that is not good enough.Who at Justice Department. WHAT reason for bugging?How long. Who got the info?
.@MadSquaw @JohnCornyn - you realize this is made up right? It's called a distraction. The real story is Russia, komrade.
Senator, do you have FACTS to back this up or is just hearsay?
do you have better facts?
who gave authority to tap gen FLYNN AND WHO GAVE TO PRESS ?? Why never asked Can't believe let go unasked   We know someone did
Damn, John!  You guys need to get your lies figured out BEFORE you start talking.
Through the court. So what are you saying, John?
"Mukasey said if there were a wiretap on TrumpTower,it would mean ] there was suspicion someone had been acting as Russian agent"
really? How long before you have to delete these tweets? Be careful here.
So YOU ADMIT enough evidence on #trumprussia  & 45* just leaked FISA court order?  If so, why block #Trumprussia investigations?
@realDonaldTrump @RepRatcliffe @SenTedCruz Call for special prosecutor to investigate #obamagatewiretaps
I say congress investigate they can be held to account independent cant
OBAMA's tainted DOJ.  Loretta Lynch already lowered appearance of propriety... Clinton/Lynch/Plane fiasco.#dirtyduo.
which shows a judge thought there was cause for surveillance. Where there's smoke...
So they were with warrant and legal
Sounds like they've already got the dirt on 45 and his team. When will you unhitch your wagons from this train wreck?
Special InvestigationThat SICK PUPPY OBAMA getting his ROCKS off SPYING/DRONING Reportrs 70yro MOM! @kerry_manzo @JohnCornyn #Cnn #Hannity
"Mukasey said if there were a wiretap on TrumpTower, it would mean there was suspicion someone had been acting as Russian agent"
not by order of then President Obama
@JohnCorn.   RATHER PRES BARACK DOJ DEPARTMENT ONLY WAY ! SHOW NO CONCERN OVER WHY OR WHO DID TAP!! Or illegally gave to press
#sessions #trump #putin #russia #sessions #trump #putin #russia #sessions #trump #putin #russia #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@JohnCornyn Spreading #alternatefacts ?
Start answering your phones, listening to your constituents, and standing up for what you say are your values.
Mukasey knows exactly nothing. He's a paid talking head. #factsmatter John. This will be remembered in 2020, John. #resist
that means there was probable cause. Shouldn't you be looking deeper into things if a court issued a warrent
that's not the entire quote. please grow a pair. put country over party.
Mukasey "Wiretap wd mean there was some basis to believe somebody in Trump Tower may have been acting as agent of the Russians"
whose basis and by whom ?!such a bunch "who shot John" and the real meaning of FISA WARRANT  WHO DID THE WIRE TAP !!
Mukasey said he based this assessment on news reports, meaning he had no direct knowledge.
One day it's #FakeNews, next 45 bases accusations against @POTUS44 on same outlets #StarkRavingMad and you own it
Grow Up and act like a Senator Country 1st Comey Asks Justice Dept. to Reject Trump’s Wiretapping Claim https://nyti.ms/2lsSWj9 
why though?
If so, then DoJ had reason to believe Trump&Co were acting as agents of a foreign power. BAD! #LockThemUp
WHAT THE BLANK WAS THE REASON? DOJ  I AM LISTENING? NAME PERSON ORDERING WARRENT FOR PHONE TAP, RELEASING YO PRESS?
If government is to be believed, Justice Dept doesn't just "tapp" people for funsies. Probable cause must be shown. Ergo: ????
You left out that Mukasey (worked for  USB)said that there must have been reason to believe there was collision w/ the Russians
you know, an independent investigation would really behoove all Americans' ability to trust our government leadership right now
I want congressional not independent less cover up
Which means there was probable cause.
So go find the truth!
"if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor." Lynch is appointed by Obama and she works hand-in-hand with the FBI.
"Mukasey said if there were a wiretap on Trump Tower, it would mean there was suspicion someone had been acting as Russian agent"
hog wash
To get a FISA warrant there had to be probable cause. Perhaps this is something you should look into? #DoYourJob #Trumprussia
Former DNI Clapper said there was no FISA court involvement on this morning's @MeetThePress.
You really are Trump's lapdog at this point aren't you?
Expose it all! #draintheswamp
so he has been talking with the Russians, impeach the predator!!!!!!
In the midst of the biggest ever Russian election interference, our USIC should not be subjected to baseless political charges.
Shameful to put risk #natsec ability to use FISA to surveil bad guys. Country and #natsec first please.
Recommend you delete this tweet with seriously misleading misquote.
@poppyme4 Clapper said NO FISA& there were TWO FISA! NYtimes reported on it 2X as did other news papers.
John is part of the cover-up. The new Dick Cheney. What do they have on you? Ties to Reed and Abramoff?
@poppyme4 Clapper lied to Congress abt NSA tapping Am.citizens&Snowden proved it! Obama enabledDOJ tapBC held on tight leash.
And how does he knows this? You told him?
Nunes Barr clearly have both showed can't  be unbiased .. communicated With WH while looking into it..ridiculous
Yall are fighting having an independent investigation/Special Pros. Into hostile foreign state hack/Ties ..Why?
lmfao. What a bunch of irrelevant  libtards. Dem party dead and beyond help. Can't wait for heads to explode when arrests start
We can always petition the state to allow recall of elected officials. Not sure why we dont already have that on books.
This way, we wont have to wait until then.
not good
Not according to #FBI & #jamescomey. I know ur trying 2 support 45, but it's a losing game. #45isInsane #MyPresidentScaresMe
why is this still up? Mukasey doesn't actually know, he said as much.
So, Go After Them, protect the "Right" and Just.
There ya go. Call for Independent investigation. NOW. NOW. NOT yesterday, NOW
advice:break from @realDonaldTrump -your constituent
Show me the warrant.
.@JohnCornyn These are times that call for statesmanship, sir. Not run-of-the-mill politicking.
stop the lies you are an embarrassment
In order to do this surveilance you need to get a FISA Court warrant. For this warrant to be issued, you need evidence.
If that's true you should all be extremely concerned. Because that means your buddy is a criminal.
Comey denies crazy irresponsible Trump tweet. Time for a WH psychiatrist.
is Trump being blackmailed?
The point - info gleaned from FISA approved warrant is being deliberately used to take down political opp. - Not justice
you are party hack to trump-trump is not worthy of you blindly standing behind him-try standing up for principles and Texans
fisa court, dog. You people did this.
Ever think that @POTUS is shady, has always been shady, & will always WILL BE SHADY!? U & GOP R part of coverup. No reelection!
focus on Russia. How many times have u met with the Russians?
You are a prominent & serious Senator.  Time to stand strong for America.
It's NOT THE TAPS, it's THE TREASON. Investigate Pence, Kushner, Sessions, Ryan, McConnell, Chao and #trumprussia #RESISTANCE  
You're a member of Senate Intel Comm &have repeatedly shown yourself to not be impartial. We need independent investigation NOW.
Yes!!
when is the senate going to investigate Trump's ties to Russia?  I don't care about his tweets!!!
ahem.  That IS your monkey & it is your circus. #oversight #russianproverb
You'd do well to watch his whole interview. #youpickedthewronghorse #ThingsWeShouldInvestigate
.  Speculation.
Who can we count on to put our great country before partisan politics? Not @JohnCornyn
please be a hero to your constituents and stop sticking up for Trump. Lead us to an independent investigation.
you should be ashamed - that quote is entirely out of context and edited And you know it
I would jump ship if I were you. Soon will be a new sheriff in town.
.@JohnCornyn Evidence, please? (Rumors spread by pundits don't count.) You may not care about truth, but we do. Signed, your constituents.
your irresponsible use of this snippet of quote shows your choice of party over country!  Never will I vote for you again!
does context mean nothing to you?? I expect my senators to get ALL the information before tweeting. You're better than our pres
he's too busy perpetually right running for office sp he is republican shill. He's working on securing a 4th pension #hypocrite
can we please obtain more details?  Dems claim we are lying
He demonstrates zero moral courage because he is owned by special interests. He can't speak out because he wants reelection
What?!!!
He's worried that a. He will be implicated b. His legacy will tie him to one the worst abuses of power by a president and party
Dems trying to invoke a "smear by unfounded accusation" campaign.
it's Sunday. Open a bible and read the part about bearing false witness
as a constituent I find it disturbing you are tweeting unverified information
Mukasey said his guess is there was court approved investigation. real issue here is #trump actions
are you #patriot or not?
I am so confused and I am trying to follow this. Let's get an independent investigation so we can get answers and go forward.
Same justice who met SECRETLY with ole pervert Bill!
You omitted his line that Trump likely mistaken, @JohnCornyn. Like saying "He...betrayed country" instead of "He never betrayed country."
What did MUKASEY say about Schwarzenegger and the Apprentice?
Paper trail is there, lets find out. No proof -- sounds like what MSM is doing to Trump. Don't worry senator, we have your back.
Let's investigate EVERYTHING. All cards on the table. Let's see how it all plays out, shall we?
How about "Trump says Cornyn molested children last week. We need to have an investigation. He's got to be stopped."
.@JohnCornyn what does Putin have on you, Senator? Why do you put Russia's interests ahead of those of your own country?
Should have read his whole statement before putting this out there.....doesn't make your beloved trump look good!
2/2 or had reason to suspect — that agents of a foreign government were operating within the Trump campaign.
1/2 Mukasey explained that the Justice Department would sanction such scrutiny if it believed —
It makes me physically ill that my senator is more concerned about advancing conspiracy tweets than actual governance.
Senator, I be willing to bet you knew about it also and said nothing??
Full quote is " I THINK Trump was right", followed by admission he relies on news reports, not independent knowledge.
You all seem to think that #Obama would follow protocol. #Obama does whatever #Obama wants. He is a #Traitor , U must see this!
are you intimating that FISA court approved surveillance is problematic regardless of whether it happened in THIS case?
still searching for that #repubicanTBD
you forgot the first part of that sentence you fraud. You're manipulating that quote to fit your narrative.
Shouldn't you be more concerned about the fact there was enough probable cause to issue one? Plus, Pres. office does not issue.
if approved through the FISA court, there was probable cause. We're getting close to Trump & entire GOP indicted for treason!
if it's not a problem, please furnish proof.
so a federal court found that there was probable cause to believe that our current president was engaged in criminal conduct?
Are you fucking kidding me? And still no concern at all about Trump admin and Russia? Enjoy your final years as Sen. #2020
Wouldn't that mean the court found probable cause? I don't think this is good for you.
Why do you keep defending Trump and his absurd assertions? Is your future dignity and reputation meaningless to you?
And if our POTUS44 thought Trump was in cahoots with Russia, all the more reason to wiretap  It was his job to protect democracy
FBI AND DOJ/ OBAMA'S SURROGATES - get original appS to  FISA/Congress needs to review all intel briefings- OBAMA interfered.
The deep look on your profile photo betrays the content of your feed, which is bereft of anything intellectual/truthful. @JohnCornyn
Please check out Senator Sasse's statement and follow suit in providing measured non-partisan leadership. TX is counting on you.
your abandonment of common sense in favor of party power is pushing me right out of the Republican Party. You'll see in 2020.
you quote Mukasey who is quoting a rumor put out by Breitbart. If FISA court found reason to issue warrant must be ??  Activity
Okay, and what????????????
You are turning into Trump and you won't respond to your constituents unless we put money in your pocket! #TownHall 75248
Trump has totally lost his mind making accusations(without evidence) of his predecessor President Obama. ON TWITTER!! 25thAmend
Senator, this is an incomplete quote and you know it.
Just before he said that Trump was wrong - 44 did not order tap
I expect you to diligently insist on truth not made up tweets!
you are legitimizing Trump's unhinged Twitter outburst based on a Brietbart article? Have some respect for yourself.
Is anything in that statement true?
Is so, there must have been a damn good reason.Too many Russians. Why did Manafort remove the aid to Ukraine from RNC Platform?
This is somewhere between grossly misleading, and knowingly spreading a falsehood Senator.
But there's really no reason to think DT was a target (and there's plenty of reason to conclude otherwise).
And Mukasey has inside information directly from FISA and/or  federal judge? More reasons for independent investigation.
AND . . . ? Probable cause? Are you accusing the FISA court of something nefarious, or don't you respect judges anymore?
also: "I think the president was not correct certainly in saying President Obama ordered a tap on a server in Trump Tower."
Then there was probable cause. #Trump has exhibited a love affair for Putin, this should be concerning to you also !
@TexasGOP
Thanks for posting this, knowing its actual context says a lot abt your credibility, integrity & sincerity. I won’t forget. Tks!
Let's investigate exactly why they'd need to do that. #Trumprussia
If that's the case, John, it means there was probable cause and you should distance yourself. Your legacy will stink.
do ur job or we will some1 who will!Investigate Trump's ties w/ RussiaTreason is illegal still,unless it's a member of ur party?
Exactly.  Treason is illegal and shameful for everyone!
And the FISA court found probable cause!!!!
Rougue FISA Court!
if this had been Obama u would b trying 2 impeach. Sessions should resign or b removed. That's it. Anything else is unacceptable
Oh John, just stop it. You know you can't put GOP before country. I know your mama taught you better.
what's there to hide?? Full investigation and let's see trump taxes!  Country over party!!!
Cormyn understands how much he concedes here, hopes readers will not notice.
misleading quote. U ignored prior sentence. But I expect that from water-carrying republicans like yourself
Trump's Paranoia rules him. He lies like breathing. He fears being caught & exposed. He is DESPICABLE & corrupt to the core.
Mukasey report:BREITBART! Mukasey wanted to impeach Obama. Very reliable! Hahaha More FAKE NEWS generated by The White House.
You, John, have received my last vote.
I think you took Mukasey's comment out of context.
Mukasey wasn't in government at the time, why would he know anything about this?  You're Senate #2, what do you know?
How about including or citing the entire statement?  He didn't say what you are implying and I suspect you know that.  Bad!!
Prior sentence: "I think the president was not correct in saying President Obama ordered a tap on a server in Trump Tower."
.@JohnCornyn, you know he hasn't led the Justice Dept for 8 years, right? He's guessing. Be ashamed you're covering for a traitor! #2020
Quote taken out of context. You do know this was on TV and video exists, right?
Party over country. Shame!
Congress needs to see daily pres intel briefings over the past year  Repubs are majority, investigate Schumer et al #coverup.
time for a full blown independent investigation on all of it. You people disgust me... politics over patriotism EVERY. TIME.
Is it not concerning to you Senator? This would suggest reason to have POTUS under investigation.
guess you're not #RepublicanTBD
Focus: DT & administrations connection to Russia & his taxes The American people deserve to know & its your duty to find out DYJ
You sir are frighteningly out of touch w the legal issues/reality, despite having served as a justice on the Supreme Ct of TX.
It's going to be an interesting chapter in history books, how you enabled a madman.  No shame at all?  Really?  No conscience? -sigh-
FISA TAP ON THE RUSSIANS living there. Mobsters. Stop being an accessory to treason before it's too late Senator.
it's sad to me how willing you all are to follow the whims of Dear Leader and defend his insanity.
very unpatriotic of you, Senator, to call our President a liar. What a cuck!
Did you forget to read the entire statement? Or do you continue to show disdain to us common Texans?
Did you hear Pelosi try and defend the remarks made about @KellyannePolls ? She sounded as inane and clueless as you do. People
want Reps to stand up for them, not for some ideology!
Why must you divide the country sir, Why must you tear us apart. This line of attack is evil and you will isolate 56%  of us.
prove it
So you're calling for a special prosecutor?
Seriously dude...you really need to read your tweet responses. We don't believe you. #ThingsWeShouldInvestigate #factsmatter
