despite you and people like you.
Hint: no thanks to TX Republican politicians
By listening what #colludingcornyn says then #Houston Leadership doing the exact opposite.
You can add Barton & Thornberry to that list.
So diverse that TSU cancelled your commencement address-some people aren't fooled. Congrats, Tigers!
So Cornhole, does that piss you off no end, or pleased as punch that it offers you more folks to indiscriminately profile & target?
agree with this article. Do u? Good in spite of GOP fighting them every day! You lead them in DC
I don't think you actually read this article lol. Don't think you'll like it when you do.
Yes, and that's what upsets you. Sorry, too late. You're done.
Too bad you don't care about any of them but the white Christians. #resist
Yes, just like that s**t sack @GregAbbott_TX who hides behind Bible verses then proceeds to destroy TX.
#TrumpRussia - Vladimir Putin is working on a 1-2 TRILLION dollar deal with ExxonMobil. @JohnCornyn biggest donor is ExxonMobil
John! It all makes sense now!
For most of us diversity on this scale is a problem and a danger.  Let's start encouraging and protecting the majority.
the majority in Houston is Latino. Agree they need to be protected, especially by people from TX in GOP.
and thriving because of diversity. home to the WORLD'S largest medical center, imagine intellect in one area. ps harris county went BLUE 
And Fort Bend County
Houston is an enclave, a one off. Large parts of TX & th nation want to follow Trump's lead on racism & nationalism, which go hand in hand.
A republican talking about diversity? Was his Twitter hijacked? Will a staffer be fired? Does he realize he won't be re-elected? Stay tuned!
I'm sure you will want to go put a stop to that !
And turning bluer all of the time! Watch out........
They have no idea. The Blue tide is thriving and growing in TX.
Coming from a man who supports an administration that wants to build a wall. Houston diversity has nothing to do with you.
Unlike the Senate.
If you become the new FBI director, we the ppl demand your loyalty to this Country, we certainly hope you're not part of the Trump's cult.
Have you not been paying attn? Cornyn doesn't even believe Russian hacking which has been confirmed. Trump will own him if picked for FBI.
So like I've thought he certainly can't be considered for this position. This circus already has enough clowns being loyal to the Con man.
Cancellation of your commencement speech in Texas!?
Is it finally time to address GOP enabling Trumps abuse of democracy!
Oath of Office!?!
Most diverse means #liberal? If that is case, I agree.
So how come all the donors we saw walk into your event last night at Willie G's were old white men? Oh yeah, the rest of us don't like you.
@JohnCornyn I hope you become FBI director so we can elect a Senator who will work to keep it that way.
I mean you shld really think abt your future. Never have another job in politics. How do you want to be remembered? As a water boy for T?
Director of FBI?  Don't want a political hack in the FBI like Sessions and Rozenstein in the Justice Department.
The Full English episode of ‘The dubious friends of Donald Trump’ is online now! Watch it here: http://bit.ly/2pTBxSv   #Zembla #Trump
It is odd since you support legislation to stop diversity and immigrants as well as minorities. But you are a sold out Trump/Russian puppet
Clearly you did not read this.
I had no idea that you valued diversity. Maybe you could stand with the ACLU against SB4, the racial profiling monster bill
And THAT's NOT GOOD #bansharia #diversityisnotallitscrackeduptobe
You do not qualify to be the director of the FBI.
WE THE PEOPLE WILL RESIST YOU
A republican in Texas, sounds like a man who's with Trump and against the truth and loyalty to the American people. Hope I'm wrong...
So should we take this as "diversity is bad"? I'm sure that's your intent given blatant attacks on all things non-white. Another dumb post.
How John Cornyn became DT's lackey and a compromised tool of Putin....
old news senator perhaps you'd know this if you actually met with all of your constituents
I guess that university doesn't like you too much, I am wondering WHY?
I'm confused - are you saying this is a feature or a bug? It is hard to tell with the modern GOP.
i assume it's because of a wall you built to keep immigrants out. #Cornynhole #Traitor #MAGA #ImpeachTrump
The fact that Tx Southern canceled your appearance speaks for itself. They understand your position on minorities.
Until you and Sessions get them mexicans and blacks out!! Am I right?? Still nothing from your mouth or heart about Jordan Edwards. Coward.
You realize this article is mostly about how your brand of conservatism is not welcome here.....
 You are on the Titanic and it is going down, Distance is key, Save yourself, John.
You are an http://enigma.You  support Trump's xenophobic travel ban & rhetoric on ant-immigration,yet highlight the value of diversity
And yet you support @realDonaldTrump who fears diversity.
And, Houston's diversity has not been properly represented by our national Reps!
Why don't you go on AM Joy? Afraid of the questions?
I bet you hate that
support our President, fix Healthcare(Ocare sucks) cut taxes and build the WALL!  No excuses!!  Especially lame dem obstruction!
As more people are seeing your true color, your political career is over. Stop supporting the Lying president. Unless y'r like him. 
You don't care about Diversity. You support KKK and support Bannon. Please for once be true to yor heart.
And they will vote Democrats in the next election
Arrange for Comey to addresss the public now ! Stop siding with this treasonous administration! For you and your party's own sake
How Houston has become the most diverse place in America...over the objections and legislative agenda of Texas GOP
This is an article about how we make it work and you want to destroy that...town hall!!!
Sorry John, but you espousing diversity is like @realDonaldTrump telling the truth ... it's hard to imagine!
No Wall.
One of the most disturbing items this week is you on the short list to head the FBI. Will you pledge loyalty to Trump? Or have you already?
He has already. Heil Trump.
That's right. The thing speaks for itself doesn't it?
Not fooled. Did you even bother to read the article? You say you represent 28 million Texans, but you refuse to hold a town hall.
No thanks to you and the rest of your wall building friends.
Thanks for sharing this article. Makes one wonder what all those young people interviewed think of GOP policies, doesn't it?
Yeah Senator. We're convinced you care about diversity. You care for NOTHING but your party, $$$ and divisiveness. Proven multiple times.
I bet you can't stand that so much diversity is in Texas.
How about answering questions from your constituents? How about a few town halls?  How about opening your eyes to what #45 is doing?
Loyalty to Trump over country??? Prove US wrong !!!!
Which is why we hate your xenophobic attitude. Texas deserves better. #keephoustonhood
Did you read this article? It paints Repubs as the bad guys!
Can we hear about how you became the most self-interested sellout in DC, backing the worst President in history for your own advancement?
All illegal immigrants should be deported. Have ICE do a top to bottom sweep of that City.
If you become FBI director, lord help us.  You'd make Hoover look like a saint.
: I'm confused. Did you post this because you think diversity is good?  Of bad?  Let's have town hall to talk? When/where?
Yes, we have. So when do you start representing ALL of us??

#SWAMPOFLIARS
#RESISTANCE
#IndependentInvestigationNow
You shld spend some time thinking abt how to extricate yourself from this admin, ya know? Don't take the job. U already look like a lackey
- Great piece - I shared it Mon! It's city & will make harder & harder for GOP to hold TX back.
gotta get our tx house, senate, gov & lt gov BLUE as well!!
That's great back to you Cornyn said the Russia thing was not real
Is that why the GOP is hell bent on excluding a generous slice of tha diversity?  2020 is coming for you
I do this because you refuse to actually engage with us. You seem to forget you work for us.

No thanks to you and you cronies!
immigrants make america great! start protecting them senator! #noban #nowall #nosb4 #RefugeesWelcome
Don't act like you care about diversity.
If confidence of American public is important, you aren't qualified. YOUR racism & xenophobia & partisan stance are sickening #usab4party
SPECIAL INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR FOR TRUMP/RUSSIA NOW!!!!
Acknowledging diversity doesn't make Ts draconian policies better. You're still complicit. #TurnTXBlue #OutIn20
Horrible story.  @JohnCornyn and I are doing our best to stamp out diversity in our great state. #SB6 #MAGA #txlege #diversityisgross
No Wall
Time to focus on the liar in chief! Ps- you'd be the worst to head the FBI. #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump #Trump45
Don't forget crime infested too. As a criminal records searcher for employment I see a lot of crime with Dreamers & illegals there!
Hate to burst your racist bubble, but Houston checks in 3rd in violent crime rate, behind Odessa & Lubbock.
Amazing for a city of its size and diversity. San Antonio doesn't make the top 3 & sanctuary city Austin has 1/3 the violent crime as Odessa
If you want to someone, it'll have to be someone other than undocumented immigrants, because they aren't the problem. Seeing brown people as
Being the problem regardless of the statistics, however....that IS an issue.
And that city votes democrat. If they are the future you have a problem.
Republicans are idiotic. They cater the left's religious devotion to ever greater "diversity" (ie fewer whites), then wonder why they lose.
What a sad end for such a great city.
How Texas infant mortality rate grew to that of a 3 world nation...MAGA
And "freedom caucus" lawmakers just used procedural measures to block a bill to address the problem as part of a temper tantrum over their
Bills not getting what they deem to be fair priority. This your Texas GOP: Pro-life until you stand in the way of their gun laws
I don't trust anyone who doesn't have the guts to call this nonsense out from their own party
Townhalls John??
For the record. You had nothing to do with it. #htown
Better get busy jailing brown people..your private prison masters are waiting
And I'm sure you're not too please about it. You could care less about the constituents you claim to serve.
@GregAbbott_TX is not working hard/fast enough. Have to get rid of Hispanics, Muslims, other minorities. I know @DanPatrick isn't happy.
Forgot LGBTQ community, one of their priorities
You're tweeting about diversity now after TX Southern ran you off?
And I sure Cornyn is supportive of the sanctuary city bill just signed by @GregAbbott_TX
Nice segue way huh? Brown people scare them. Time for TX to clean house.
Yep
