https://twitter.com/qz/status/860575392956133376 …
All FIVE of them wow lmao
They are not on the main committee he is just saying this since they have gotten so much bad press.
Of course i just think it's funny he's bragging about this when 90% of GOP senators are baggy viagra receptacles
You know they kept Viagra covered. I think if God gave them limp dick then it's no sex for them.
They have strayed from God's path w/chemically induced boners
So true!
@carl5480 - I don't think Susan Collins is on-board with AHCA. Sounds like she thinks it has to be dumped & it's start over time
Would be nice to hear Cornyn's thoughts on that. He never really tells us anything, does he?
And will the Great White Male committee (seriously) consider anything a woman had to say?
- Coral - I cannot the Angry White Men Committee listening to reason at all, let alone female POV. Sad!
Then why aren't there any women On the committee?Why isn't impotence on the preexisting condition list?Or does it fall under mental illness?
I have called, faxed, tweeted and still no town hall!!  When are you going to do your job?  You work for the people not DT yet no contact!!
Offer to give money...I bet you get a meeting.
Maybe we should start a gofundme account to raise enough money to get a meeting with OUR OWN FING SENATOR!!!
Sad but money seems to be the only thing that works with the two scum bags we have.
So why aren't there any women on the bill writing group? Hypocrite in Chief John Cornyn?
You mean the two of them?
I'm guessing they get to make your coffee?
Use Rand Paul's bill. We must have regulation roll backs for costs of services & supplies to drop or this won't work.
Liar! "Thirteen Republican senators are writing a new version of the bill. The group doesn’t include a single woman, or any moderates." NYT
vote NO on the healthcare bill, it doesn't fulfill PROMISES you made
So they'll be doing the work for no credit and no final say? How very @GOP.
Stop putting GOP ahead of USA.  It's deplorable. Immoral. Texans & all Americans FIRST. Then worry about your precious "R's" last!
@carl5480 Aww how sweet of U 2 give women a seat at the table while U R screwing over ALL AMERICANS (esp. women)! U R a peach!
How?  By baking y'all cookies?  They certainly are behind the scenes..  Which women's issue are they working on?  @JohnCornyn
Elections to the United States Senate will be held on November 6, 2018....counting down the days.
Nothing to be concerned about 
All 3 get to have a meek voice on 50% of U.S. Population.  Even this you lie about.
Senate women, so you r saying in no way the male Sens will help? Are they having keggers too? The plan as is, will be the R party downfall.
So it's just a mistake that Collins is not listed as being on your committee?
@carl5480 Why are they not on the named committee?
They're not even trying. They've gotten away with not including women/minorities all their lives. Why start now?
Agree they have never & probably won't, nut will eventually bite them in the ass!!!  We will not forget!
In direct conflict with this - U.S. Dems on Sunday criticized the lack of women on a working group in the Republican-led Senate
Cornyn is feeling sensitive because he knows he's already lost the 20 election. Nice job picking on your constituents Senator. #TurnTXBlue
There are only 5 Republican women ? Hmmm, the party of old white men who should not be in control of women's health .
Truth.
#TurnTXBlue
I realize he's not your guy, but this time maybe listen to Axelrod.
Senate @GOP is probably not looking for my advice but guys,  empaneling a 13-member group of senators to write health hill, with NO women?
And yet your "Committee" is painfully, glaringly white and male. It's not like we can't see you, you know.
guess that proves none of them can read.. oh wait... we pay their Obamacare, that they voted to keep for themselves...@txlege @TXDemWomen 
There must be 2 or 3 of them. You should be ashamed of what you have done.
AHCA makes women's health a pre-existing condition, and this is how you respond? 

The @GOP war on women is real.
Earlier u asked Dems to help, have you? Why r only women working on it & why only GOP? If Dems told you "no", why?
Just let us know when your next town hall is, Senator.
What are they doing making copy's and making coffee ?
We are Texans John and contrary to what you believe, you work for us, not the President, not the party, FOR ALL TEXANS.  Do your job please
Really ??? Who are you talking about exactly. Talk is cheap
Yet another Cornyn alternative fact. Reports indicate that a group of 12 WHITE MEN will do that, of which you and    @SenTedCruz are in. 
not from Maine. you are trying trump tactics
The issue is not repeal and replace. It's what the @GOP is trying to replace it with. Create a healthcare alternative that makes sense.
Oh we know. And you'll pay dearly for hurting Americans. Better secure your lobbyist job quick.
like you care about what women think
. Oh, and  #CorruptComplicitGOP
Town halls are now just shout down fests. Until people agree to have civilized adult discussions, there really is no point.
It's your lie, tell it any way you like. I personally think Humana, Anthem, Aetna et al are working on the bill for the Replutocrats.
From the sidelines maybe. The optics are clear.
Huh, I don't see those women in the group. All I see is old white men. We'll see if erectile dysfunction is a pre-existing condition or not.
The visuals at the WH don't show this.
All five of them.
How many women is that?

.@JohnCornyn finally, remember "no taxation without representation"? Kinda famous slogan. It's feeling rather apropos right now.
.@JohnCornyn in case you've forgotten, here's the team. And picture of you! And no women.
.@JohnCornyn good morning! I'm back, and I'm sure you've missed me. If "all Senate R women" are working on ... http://tmi.me/1fiyed 
If this passes you're going to have so much blood on your hands. 
Really, we never see any Republican women in the pictures.  No statements from R. Women
I'm from Sugar Land. What are you doing to protect therapy, medication, and education for special needs children? Adults?
Really?  How many are on the committee? And BTW, your office in SA has "no idea" if you will be in town soon. How can we plan to meet w/you
Until you see us all as  PEOPLE, not an R or a D, your judgement will be clouded. You put party over politics and money over people.
And because women are just as capable of evil as men.
Trying to preemptively spread the blame
Are they on the committee? Are they chairing they committee? Are the men listening to them?
I think you're lying. That's all GOP can do, you wouldn't tell the truth if put to the rack. #Resist #Trumpcare #GOPDeathPanels
Now there's an Idea but I bet they still won't admit what they did is wrong!
@carl5480 - Why not officially? Another instance of women doing equal work for less pay & recognition? #GOPImageProblems
Your constituents are going to hold you to that. Meaning, prove it. Every. Single. Day.
Biggest tax cut con in history. Pure kleptocracy.
Will the senate guarantee regular order and require 60 votes as the ACA went through @SenateMajLdr
Sure they are... just like they were at the table when Reps met w/ Pence. If the Senate's bill is as bad as the House, u will be #VotedOut
You guys have an image problem. Work on that maybe?
Meet the people handpicked to decide the future of women's health. 
Where are the token GOP women? I guess you have them hiding in the dungeon. We the people can take ur power! #2018 #2020 
They were just off camera view in the photo???
Then why isn't at least one of them on the official committee?? You have an odd interpretation of the word working Senator.
Republicans in Congress have a very skewed idea of working anyway. For 6 years, it was "show up and block things from getting done."
So after bad publicity you called them and told them to help?
Sure they are.
So is a c-section going to be a preexisting condition? @lisamurkowski
Is there anything that won't be?
Anything penis related probably.
Same ones that said they would give up right to vote if it meant trump would win?  Gives us great comfort to have great minds working it.
Good. Y'all are gonna need all the political cover you can get.
Stop saying R and D, we are men and women not party's STOP making everything about party #TrumpTreason #TrumpColluded
They would have to since the House version is toxic to women
OMG you responded! Great! Now let's talk about that town hall you never seem to want to have!
He won't. Coward.
