build the damn wall!
How about building a wall around a Town Hall??
How about shut up and get to work.
why not tell us all of this in person?  Too bad you hide behind a video. Afraid to say it to our faces? 2020 u r out
Did you lick all over him? Fact checks: he lied! 
Let me make it clear, the wall is essential and the majority of Texans want the wall and want you to support it  FULLY !
I want the wall @JohnCornyn! I live in Texas.  You just wait! You slacker. 

@pastorbones @Rambobiggs @RealAlexJones 

@TuckerCarlson
when will you be holding a townhall meeting?
would have loved to discuss this and many other topics at a town hall. When is your next one scheduled?
senator Coryns is an idiot! Call for his resignation. He is a mole!
why not respond to us,  your constituents?   #townhall #ListenToUs
My family and I are very disheartened to learn that you do not fully support the border wall. Not one mention of the border
I disagree with this platform. Believe they do not help, but hurt .
It all sounds wonderful.  Until you realize it's all only LIES.
I'm not interested in your thoughts. I want to know what the plan is for getting us ALL on YOUR health insurance plan!
get your own healthcare. Try working!
yea yea yea, you'll tell those Texans to suck it up and let the gov take their land for a big wall.... Right? Time for #townhall
Are you losing any land? Are you even a land owner?
just saw Tucker. Build the wall and man it up!  That's what we voted for!!!  Stop Wasting time and get it done!!!
Everybody wants a WALL!!!!!
His speech was lie-riddled and lacked substance. "Cares about air & water as you all deregulate. Taxes, air, ACA #TownHall
I'm just gonna guess you support everything he said puppy dog. Might want to listen to constituents. #TownHall
Oh Shut UP! Ted Lost.
history will not be kind to you and your complicity with an authoritarian leader
Hey Leila. No one gives a shit what you think.
#BuildTheWall 
you should have been more worried about responding to your constituents' concerns last week than to the #jointaddress
optimistic?he called the country lawless and chaotic, I guess the optimism you feel is that fearmongering will get you reelected
#TermLimits need to be enacted. @JohnCornyn is a poster person for this act! Vote out @JohnCornyn
I completely agree... time will give him his due #turntexasblue
#BuildTheWall you traitor!
another opp to throw Pres Obama under the bus instead of addressing DJT's deficits.
This is sad.  Not a word against Trump.  If you are AGAINST THE WALL SAY SO! Not listening to the majority of your constituents!
I'm a constituent. Listened. Saw yrs of growth under Obama. Saw healthcare for all. You're wrong.
I saw paying all my money every week on insurance , that didn't work
actually Clinton incentivized banks to loan to people who couldn't pay their mortgages. Facts!
I don't need to watch it. You said Best. Speech. Ever. Am I right?
Your response is you're against building a border wall. Correct?
Do Schumer and Pelosi have so much control of their puppets they won't stand and pay tribute to the widow of a fallen serviceman
oops while not when
It is my hope the disclosure law will not be required and repealed when being detained by police. Nation wide.
congress was asked 4 immigration reform by 3 presidents - 24 years of nothing. ACA & GOP nothing - how long? Tax code?
I am watching you,I expect you 2 support The budget items & The promises. on ACA, Wall, VA & Defense, Education - all of it.
I disagree w/your assessment, and disappointed nothing on Wall. Are we at war w/Mex? Nothing on drug demand in U.S. sad
silly Republican #RussiaGate
more #FakeNews you don't support your constituents #PartyOfTreason this is sickening
I felt Democrats were disrespecting by their behavior at the event.  
I will remember that years to come, I will remember.
So you're OK w/treason?You have no problem w/ripping families apart over a freaking traffic ticket?You,sir,are on the way OUT!
We saw you with Mr.McConnell - shaking POTUS hands after speech.  On Fox News. :)
Your support and complicity in this corrupt administration is duly noted. 2020 can't get here soon enough.
- We need CIC who owns his actions, not one who shifts blame to military. Alignment with him = political suicide in due course
- NO greater priority than investigation to assure Americans 45 is not a traitor. Can't move forward with taint of treason
- 45's Muslim ban & immig crackdowns on non-criminals make us less safe. 80K votes --> slim electoral victory not mandate
- Still parroting failed eco ideas (tax cuts & deregulation brought us 2008 collapse). 45's global rep already record low
- We saw this movie before from 1980-92 & again 2000-08. Where was economy in 1992 relative to 1999? 2008 relative to today?
More smoke screens to keep the Russian hacking covered up More showing us we live under a regime now
we don't care  about your views...you cant justify foolishness #fakenews #TrumpAddress #resist
what's your replay to us, your constituents, when we ask for a town hall. Remember, POTUS can't vote for you but I can
so out of touch w/your constituents! How about a town hall? Or will you just hide behind @realDonaldTrump's skirt? #DoYourJob
How about you respond in a #TownHall filled with your constituents?
You must support @POTUS !  Push harder @JohnCornyn ! @RealAlexJones @Rambobiggs @pastorbones 

@YouTube
I hear you speaking of $ not the Constitution. 1st protect the constitution then public security.
Trump said 1/19/17 live CNN he paid you $ to work for him. So I guess your still on the Russia payroll! Bye 2020.
my response to your support of this Putin puppet? Work my ass off to unseat you.
Not a response. Also, the Affordable Care Act (stop calling it Obamacare, it confuses people) isn't "1-size fits all"
who cares what your response is. Where's your town hall meeting in Texas?
Why don't you tell us in person, at a #TownHall?
Tell the truth. #TXVoter
most of these people commenting are paid trolls or just made they lost true value is leadership not hate #MAGA #jointsession
Does that mean we were on the buses from MA to vote in NH? Fake news by a one w/no public service or exper. Sad.
The red tape you referred to exists because of the financial market mess the GOP admin of Bush made. And the economy did grow.
Who cares. You're a sheep and a follower.  #townhall
you are a parrot who only repeats the Republican party line verbatim. Represent us!
his words do not match Budget
Do you have the longhorn pic to remind you of the state you have turned your back on? Town halls.
he was awful very bad.
big words. So far all we saw was a big mess :))
best speech i've heard in those chambers @realDonaldTrump GREAT SPEECH!.glad you're on same page... don't forget #draintheswamp
How's the weather in Moscow tonight, Theresa?
Advil needs to advertise. All those 70 year olds constantly standing and sitting. Arthritis will be flairing up in the morning.
Are you still in congress?! SMH
you're excited for big business and defense, but what about the safety and welfare of individuals? What about our children?
well you will be more secure from terror and street crime. Your job will also be more secure

prob redirects to a BJ video on youporn. #MAGA
Let's see...you're asking for an independent investigation of his ties to Russia. Did I win?!?
