Constituent; voted for you twice. Feel threatened by House health bill. I'm not a checkbox on a policy list.
then u r willing to vote people off of health care. Shame on you.
yeah!  Let's kill the poor!
this tweet is crap!!
more than a dozen don't
Are you being serious 
supporting repeal is one thing, coming up with replace seems to be your challenge.
bunch of nut jobs
millions of constituents don't.
a whole dozen? Not even a Baker's Dozen? Sad!
Is that who you work for?
and millions of Americans support the ACA and want to keep it.
Meals on Wheels is being cut that serves seniors many who are vets, do you even give a shit? 2020 get here soon!
Support of RINOCARE is anything but conservative!
Make it a law that YOU have to use GOP health plan. That's only fair.
of course they do! They don't care about the poor and elderly! But you sure as s*** should! Do better!
Do you even read the comments from your (staff's?) posts? 99% disagree with you every time. Every single time.
But they don't vote in TX like I do.  I am for reform not repeal.  I am watching.  Represent me.
But MILLIONS OF AMERICANS DON'T
Many many more groups oppose it.   Your district will suffer.   You hide from us.  #LastTermCornyn
FAKE NEWS
And MILLIONS of the electorate want it to stay & be improved. Are you ignoring 2018 is soon & courts ruling against the last redistricting.
#FullRepeal
I hope they r fm Texas  u r going to need them.
“A” dozen on your list to be exact. DOZENS oppose, democracy wins.
*No* conservative would support this plan. Anyone supporting it is not a conservative.
26 million Americans who stand to lose their health care oppose it.
Yeah, but they don't like Trumpcare either.
everyone needs to slow down.  Not choice , but AFFORDABLE.  If you struggle to buy bread, choice is unimportant
Alternate Headline: Dozen groups of people forget how to be decent human beings
thousands of your constituents against the repeal of ACA, but you've shown no regard for their voices.
Fake news
Never mind pretty much everyone else that agrees it is a complete, discriminatory (age and poor) disaster....shame
Cornyn is a scam artist.
Do you read anything besides @dcexaminer?
So do your donors. Your biggest political donors are from the medical industry. Represent all Texans John
you all realize that's just 12 right? How many oppose?
the photo says it all! Do the right thing. Support #RandPaul and his bill. Pass a Medicare expansion. Kill Medicaid.
yet 55% of voters do not... wise up
dozens? As in like 24???? Lolz...... let us know when you get to the millions.....
Again from the Examiner? Is that the best fake news you can find?
Many of us, including doctors and hospitals are opposed. Go back to the drawing board.
The @AmerMedicalAssn,  @aafp and @AmerAcadPeds disagree. But sure, let's listen to conservative groups instead. @IndivisibleTeam
#goodluckwiththat
U have millions of people protesting it do take yr dozen groups. De how that works out 4 u . We out # u !
That is not what I read. U have some of the biggest corporations against u ! The biggest AARP and they r out 4 blood

Favorable ratings from Fox poll:

Bernie +29
Planned Parenthood +25…
Wow yet the AMA, AARP, Heritage Action, Cato Inst, Americans for Prosperity, FreedomWorks, Tea Party Patriots and ur constituents give it 
what about the 1 mill ACA marketplace enrollees who are your TX constituents? You think they care about those groups? #SaveACA
SINGLE PAYER UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE  FOR ALL AMERICANS IS THE ONLY HEALTH CARE OPTION!
many don't support it.
single payer
9 out of 10 school children want jelly beans instead of broccoli. The 10th was at the dentist. What's your point?
So I guess the millions of Americans who will lose coverage don't matter because these 12 partisan groups like it?
Quit tweeting, John, and meet us for a town hall.
Please don't vote for this unless it gets fixed - a fellow Texan.
that's an embarrassing list of groups. Maybe delete that tweet.
Because if all the poor people would just die we wouldn't have to worry about them.  #ProLifeStrong
More people in your constituency oppose it!
Ryancare is no different than OC! Rand Paul is right! Bring in the bill that u all tried 2 pass 2xs!
And yet groups responsible for actual healthcare say no. Quit sucking Koch and realize we are all your constituents.
Let's talk about ALL the groups opposing it. Not ALL are liberal. Con or liberal have -0- to do with it. Next town hall is?
getting freedom caucus and sen paul, cruz needs more work....i think dems xover as time moves fwd w aca crashing
And the pope is Catholic. How about some moderate governing instead of extreme right-wing?
Have you seen this man?
This is just proof that @GroverNorquist would support a frozen turd for legislation, as long as it didn't raise taxes.
remove the poison pill U heartless bastards inserted & allow ACA 2 flourish to single payer
Oh, yeah?  Well, millions of CITIZENS do NOT.  #NOTrumpCare
I think it's being called #WealthCare
So you said 'Let Dems fix ACA'...I say, yes, let them and don't block them this time! We'd have a much better Act if you hadn't!
K, hon, but it isn't supported by your bosses. Isn't that the problem? Think it through, dude.
.@JohnCornyn the only way @POTUS can keep his promise to America is to allow a free market for health insurance. No mandates of any kind.
many many Americans, liberals, caring kind hearted people don't support #repeal
And if you put on blinders and clap your hands over your ears, you can pretend you don't notice that everyone else absolutely hates it.
- So what? You don't have the votes in Senate. And majority of Americans oppose it, inc AARP, AHA, AMA
Ask their mothers and fathers if they agree
Don't repeal it until you have something better that helps low income, middle class & those >50 yr old with funding 4 PP & contraceptions
Don't listen No one wants Repeal Things have changed be careful get out of ur bubble hear us 2018!
cool.  What do your constituents think?  Have a town hall and find out.
oooh! A whole dozen conservative groups support it; it MUST be great then! #dozensinfavor #millionsagainst
What is your healthcare plan?  Is it better than AHCA?  Can we get in on it?  Only offer what you yourself would buy
Funny how only CONSERVATIVE groups support. Unlike the rest of us. #wedontbelieveyou #youneedmorepeople
a dozen out of how many total groups?
CONSTITUENTS don't nor do Medical-related assoc which actually treat the millions who need healthcare. Vote BLUE '18
but do your constituents? Trick question, they don't.
they too love to take away healthcare coverage from people because you seem downright giddy to hurt people.
can you hear the echo in here?
Let see cut off seniors from health care .cut moblie meals .looks to me like your after senior citizens
Did you bother to count the number of groups opposed? Bc it's more than 12. (And they're, like, doctors and stuff.)
well 64% of Americans don't
Yay! They are in favor of penalizing the 26 million people too? What about you Senator? #PayMoreForLess #Trumprussia
Not a one of them involved in medical field. Big miss, not even a good swing.
well the other 379,999,982 do not support it!
and dozen more say NO to it... so...
Love how you just keep spouting your propaganda w no thought to your constituents.
Did you read the article? It isn't a ringing endorsement of TrumpCare & the loss of coverage for 24 million people.
u do realize that a dozen is just 12 right? Let's think about the dozens with an s that oppose it.
conservative groups? Did you hold a Townhall for conservative groups?You represent all of Texans.Did U forget? MAGA?
12 is all you could get? Also, you don't have to tweet every WashEx article you read. That's 3 in a row. Diverse info sources?
just conservative groups huh?
Hundreds of groups oppose GOP health care bill, including the biggest associations for doctors, nurses, hospitals, retired ppl..
exactly, they act like a dozen isn't just 12. Like it's a secret code for "huge"
Keep trying Johnboy. Perhaps you'll do something meaningful yet.
More oppose the REP. mess that you're trying to sell as healthcare.
hahahaha. Its crap.
did you forget you work for us? All of us in Texas, you don't get to pick, now go get me a sandwich and healthcare.
dozens of groups also favor grinding up old people and feeding them to the poor.
Are there only a dozen conservative groups in the US? Seems like there are a lot more who oppose it.
They must be the top 1%!
I sure at least a dozen Conservative groups support lynching random brown people too
, none of which appear to advocate for healthcare
Stop the presses
except it is unpassable so it is changing
keep to your fake News sheep .
The irony is palpable.
And how many major medical/healthcare associations oppose it? Care to tweet about that?
I support the repeal, not the replacement John.
Dozen?? Wow. Meh.
