Urbana man charged with living, voting in U.S. illegally http://www.news-gazette.com/news/local/2017-02-10/urbana-man-charged-living-voting-us-illegally.html …
guilty until proven innocent?
voter suppression, especially the legislated variety, is a far greater problem. Start there.
Care to show proof of "legislated voter suppression" you know with actual laws that suppress voting? Myth.
it's like science. It doesn't give a shit what you believe. Calling it a myth doesn't make it one.
In other words you have no proof with actual laws that suppress voters.
you mean other than the dozens of studies & court rulings?
.@JohnCornyn nobody ever said zero, and it was investigated it was negligible, your account seems like propaganda and you don't engage.
Election Fraud vs Putin hack on our elections, which one is more credible? Which one is a national security threat ?
I live in Urbana & the person in charge of voting is a republican.
Isn't it interesting though that only Democrats are opposed to investigating AND ID's confirming citizenship?
.@heartotexas .@JohnCornyn Really? Where are your facts to support this?
Really? On Twitter?  Do your own homework. Plenty of facts for discerning truthful research.
oooh you so mean! Obviously a follower of #alternatefacts Moving on to more open minds.
Sure. Fine. But investigate the Russian hacking while you're at it. I am a constituent. I am educated. I vote. #doyourjob
Are you suggesting an investigation of the election results? Seems called for, if you and GOP admin believe in widespread fraud
What about the Republican Gerrymandering that has gone on in Texas for YEARS in order for ppl like you to maintain power?
point not withstanding, they can't gerrymander a US Senate seat.
A great article from the Dallas Morning News was just written abt Gerrymandering. It determines everything #Resist
you are as delusional as #45 Voters are watching you closer than ever now. Start looking for a new job!
How about a commission to address why you won't meet your constituents IN TEXAS and hear what we have you say #texastownhall
.@JohnCornyn You are the definition of insanity, repeating crazy ideas and getting the same response: your constituents disagree! #resist
.@JohnCornyn who despises #Veterans now wants to waste money, 2 investigations by #Bush & #Obama, be damned
#Texas #USN #Army #Navy #USAF
#Veteran hater @JohnCornyn forgets to mention investigations by Bush & Obama not turning up evidence of #voter fraud
#theResistance #cnn
face the truth...your constituents are not represented by you...we know it...you know it
- so commission on negligible voter fraud but nothing so far on how deep the Kremlin in our WH? #priorities
One illegal voter can't swing an election. There aren't enough cases of voter fraud in Texas TO swing an election. You know this
Are you investigating the Russian hacking, Flynn, gerrymandering, and voter suppression?
no one said zero - negligible. Stop supporting the whims of a thin-skinned megalomaniac.
Yes, please. Throw money at this pretend issue and meanwhile have teachers use their own money to buy supplies.
.@JohnCornyn What should be subject to immediate investigation & a commission is Trump & Co. ties to Russia. How you doing on THAT? #Corrupt
Scale of 1-10, how much evidence do you have that people voted illegally? How much do you have that Russia interfered?
LOL, "more than zero." Good job.
Thinking ahead! You know as well as we do that voter suppression is your only hope for 2020.
You should be equally concerned with voter suppression. Let's open it up.
one case in IL is a long way from "millions". But it's a handy start if u want a policy to disenfranchise your opponents.
's constituents must be very gullible. But then, they would have to be if they voted for him in the first place.
pay attention! They have done investigations....voter fraud is almost negligible...except that woman who voted twice for Trump!
it's all propaganda for  other suppression .
OK, right after the one into interference from Russia.  What are all of you hiding?
how about you stand up to Trump LIES & his Russian ties?? Are you just going to sit back & relax while Trump burns down USA?
I would rather see my tax $ spent on protecting voter enfranchisement, ending gerrymandering, & expanded early voting.
but yet you don't think voter suppression is an issue.
instead of investigating voter fraud, which didn't influence our election, let's investigate Russian meddling, which did.
don't waste $ on this bullshit, investigate 45's russian ties.
Or we will see you in court!
It's been investigated & States report all illegal voting & there is 0 wide spread problem. Come up with proof B4 restrictions
Why don't you start by investigating how Russia interfered in the 2016 election in favor of your candidates?
what r u really doing for me?
I'd like to see congress investigate POTUS' COI and releasing tax returns #respectfulfeedback #realvoter
ya know people could vote illegally for Trump too. Ivanka registered in 2 states.
So illegal grift by @POTUS is more than zero.  Should be the subject of an objective investigation, maybe a commission.
@POTUS evidence of Russian interference is more than zero.  Should be subject of an objective investigation, maybe a commission.
Are you really this stupid? Or is it an act to justify voter suppression? Which is it?
Great get that commission together and let's look at Russian involvement.
@POTUS violations of emoluments clause is more than zero.  Should be subject of an objective investigation, maybe a commission.
the Federal Election Commission says stop trying to add layers that aren't necessary. Some conservative you are.
as a Texan, I agree this is very concerning. You should step down since we can't be sure voter fraudulent votes elected you!
Viter suppressors like you are a bigger problem
Feckless. Where's your outrage over Flynn's betrayal? An independent commission is needed to investigate this, not distractions.
how about when it affects the outcome, Colombo? QUIT WASTING OUR MONEY
do it. Tho it will cost us $ to find out what we already know and trump and other GOPs will call the results fake when they lose
how can you even say this without expressly advocating for an investigation into Russia's role in the election. Flynn too. #wtf?
what about the GOP being penetrated by the Kremlin at the highest levels of the Executive Branch? 
Unconscionable. There is no real voter fraud problem in this country. History will damn those who use this to suppress the vote.
How about gun deaths, more than zero? Perhaps it could be the subject of an objective investigation? Maybe commission?
.@JohnCornyn Investigation into Flynn/Russia  is more important. And another to find out why GOP must use voter suppression as a strategy.
NO corruption is zero. NO illegalities are 0.  Making a federal case when unwarrented is regulatory overkill. Investigate russia
And of course, the gerrymandering and suppression efforts of YOUR party, which would not stand in Europe and shouldn't here.
Orange gators > zero; just how big a problem should be the subject of an investigation. @jasonkander
An orange alligator has been spotted in South Carolina. http://bit.ly/2kxJUPJ  
So this is more important to you than a select committee on Russian interference? you're a disgraceful hack.
How about you investigate gerrymandering and voter suppression and oh, yes, Russian ties with the admin, yes? Do your job.
investigation, commission better be founded on #facts not the lies spouted by current admin
So white house ties to Russia are more than zero; just how big a problem should be subject of investigation, maybe commission
How about an investigation into voter suppression? You know, an actual problem.
Are you equally concerned about Putin's interference as you are about this one alleged case?
as an election judge in TX  for 12 years,  I can say it's just not a problem in Richardson. Focus on real problems,  please.
thank you.
The lady just sentenced in Your Backwater State voted Republican! You are less than a Man
solve something like this instead: http://www.politifact.com/texas/statements/2013/jul/17/elliott-naishtat/austin-legislator-calls-austin-largest-us-city-wit/ …
Dimwits!
there's a none zero chance Trump admin. communicated with Russia but I don't see you doing anything about that. #DoYourJob
Bush did one already.
how about you focus on universal health care and education and taking care of our veterans?  Stop wasting money
Why the need for an investigation? You guys are already saying there are millions of illegal votes. Just present the evidence.
Bullshit. That's a fishing expedition for a vote-suppressing unicorn and you know it!
How about u take the word of all 50 states who've done their own investigations & ALL said, in prez elec., there is no evidence
@Let_AmericaVote Since voter suppression is a bigger problem, why don't you pull together a commission on that?  Oh wait...
Instead of focusing on core issues, you waste our time.
haven't you suppressed & intimidated voters enough ? How do you sleep at night? Besides on a bed of money
When you mix the unfairness of the electoral college in, it's hard to be sure of anything. And we finally got snake eyes.
I agree. Illegal voting must not happen. Can you fix gerrymandering as well? How about legislation against electoral college?
No one is 4  voter fraud but I think U R either obsessed R attempting a lame deflection. Hit Flynn, Russia, Korea & impeachment!
If it's been going on for years and all political parties complain about it, there should be an investigation.
Not with my tax dollars while we have homeless veterans, children and a criminal in the White House.
children are dying in TX foster care. But please, worry about two cases of illegal voting.
.@JohnCornyn Let's not forget the bigger issue which is Gerrymandering.  There's no there there in illegal voting, but you go ahead and look
you know what's a bigger concern that needs to be investigated? Russian interference & a compromised 45*
I agree 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_P._White …

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2002_New_Hampshire_Senate_election_phone_jamming_scandal …

http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/303406-iowa-republican-voter-arrested-for-alleged-voter-fraud …

http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/1/29/1625154/-Sure-there-s-voter-fraud-By-Republicans …
Americans are actually losing their lives due to gun violence. Investigate that independently. Maybe form a commission..
so gun violence is more than zero; just how big a problem should be the subjet of an objective investigation, support that?
Are you willing to repeal voter ID laws if data shows that more citizens were prevented from voting than illegal votes found?
Issues of #treason, #mentalhealth of 45, and lack of #humanity should be a priority.
while we are at it let's further investigate Russia's role in our elections as well as our president's relationship with Putin.
hey, they found 31 cases in a billion. Drop it. You're lying like Trump
looking in China, huh,
it's almost as if the study were conducted over multiple years
stay on offense, appoint a commission or DOJ investigation, special prosecutor.
.@JohnCornyn @realDonaldTrump profiting more than zero from being POTUS; should be subject of an objective investigation/commission.
get back in the closet fool.
looking for more problems that don't exist.
but that does not mean now we should implement voting restrictions that we know make it much harder for certain groups to vote
The fact youre perpetuating this fallacy is enough evidence for me to know how I will vote in 2020
why wait? Cruz is up in 2018 :) !
.@JohnCornyn Communications btwn Trump advisors & Russians more than zero; should be the subject of an objective investigation/commission.
Can't you just save time and arrest Trump's family and cabinet?  They seem to be the ones registered in multiple states.
WI study: 7 cases among 3mill voted cast in state's 2004 election. 2014 IA 2 yr investigation led by R found 0 cases.
the problem of voter fraud is small. There's already been investigations that have proven that.
R hegemony in TX should have u worried. U and @GregAbbott_TX @tedcruz will be judged harshly for scapegoating POC/fearmongering
Not much more than 0, if u talk 2 Sec's of State. OTOH, Russian interference in our election is known. Should be investigated.
Russia involvement, voter suppression, gerrymandering, & voter intimidation all had more impacts on election than illegal voting
not Zero and also not 3 Million
So you want to suppress minority votes, when the system already stopped people. That's ridiculous and racist.
and what about Russia's involvement in the election, etc? Also more than zero
If commission, why not consider move to popular vote. Every vote should count, if a state is red/blue and person is opposite...
I agree, come visit your constituents and let's have a town hall.
When's your town hall, John?
why not combine that with an investigation into voter suppression and examine impact of gerrymandering?
Gerrymandering won't fix all of the angry people that will show up to the town hall meeting your to chicken to have. Hide in DC
Hide in DC with the rest of your Republican chickens. Keep up your dirty tricks that benefit corporate interests. Everyone sees
Better investigate before the 2018 mid terms. The left will unleash their minions and steal every election they can.
we found 1! Sounds like a trend
perhaps so.  A commission to investigate foreign influence on our elections is also in order.
Maybe like Bush did and there was not evidence of widespread problem. Stop wasting my tax $$ and focus on issues with impact.
How about real problems like Russian agent Flynn, NK missiles, Muslim ban, and unethical trump. Oh yeah - forgot. Sold ur soul.
I agree with you! 
Did you check out that unfortunate recording of McConnell in 2014 saying the Repub's are the private corp. Party? Hypocrites!
.@JohnCornyn sure and while U R at it, investigate Russian influence on our elections unless you think that's ok. DO U?
What about Trumps family being registered to vote in multiple states? Weird random states in some cases?
I do believe the President has confirmed 3 million illegals voted.
Great.Lets do a nation wide recount.
This appears to be a full-fledged case of identity theft, not just voter fraud. Not sure stuff like this is a huge problem.
Life in the RW bubble is sad.
Makes for bad policy to do this based on one person. It is voter suppression disguised, to disenfranchise blacks and others
dumb s;;t!
not fake news!
