This guy must be collecting a ton of money
PS Listen to ur constituents for a change.....that would be novel!
You have lost all credibility on this issue. Best you turn your energies in the direction of something less destructive of our republic.
Like fucking RESIGNING
Keep it up. Rs could care LESS what Americans can and cannot afford in HC. IF YOU DID, you would have addressed drug prices YEARS ago.

Interestingly, @JohnCornyn is one of the poorest senators in the country when looking  at disclosure forms.
Isn't the market supposed to recognize and reward skill?
943 days until the Primary, 1188 days until the election #canCornyn2020
Leaders work with everyone and fix it.  You must think we are idiots and don't remember how arcane the solution was last month, be honest!
then stop the GOP sabotage & work with dems to improve it.  It is fixable if GOP would stop obstruction of that work!
Thank @marcorubio for that. Y'all killed the provision that destabilized the markets in 2015. It's almost like you wanted it to fail...
What r u on about?!? R the Rs gonna try to put forth another completely horrific plan? & ur trying to lay the groundwork with this garbage!
Move on because you have no credibility in this area! Your bill did NOTHING to make the exchanges work for people. More focused on a win...
And more than anything the American people deserve a Senate that works in a bipartisan way to do the best for ALL Americans. #SAD#BIGLY
When is someone going to start talking about how individuals in TX cannot even buy PPO plans? Forced onto HMOs. Losing doctors!
Great job whip
The GOP broke the insurance markets, senator. You did nothing to fix it. All you wanted to do was repeal. Now do your job.
Senate wouldn't give us the PROMISED OBAMACARE REPEAL. How many R's would be in the Senate if REPEAL truth HAD BEEN TOLD?
Because you & Trump are withholding support payment & creating total market insecurity
So what are you doing to get Ocare repealed? 2nd time I've asked and, shouldn't matter, but I am from Texas.
Big Insurance companies, big pharma and the greedy party before the people GOP are the cause.
Why do you want 23 million people to lose coverage?
And what your party put forward is EVEN worse. Charging Baby Boomers FIVE FUCKING TIMES more than anyone else.
How much is the HATE  WALL going to cost the US taxpayer?
Bout the same as California pays in welfare to illegals!
White man likes to hire illegals.
More #DumbNews pulled from the #CornynHole

Proof that if you day no long enough, you can't stand for anything but obstruction.
Fix it!
Why don't you pass the buck? Same way you did Sharyland raping rural customers in Texas? 3 decades!...nothing for our votes!
There is an old saying, "when you've dug yourself into a hole--stop shoveling ". Stop shoveling, Sir.
Which is absolutely a failure of Obamacare -- which you've had seven years to improve on -- and COULD NOT.
Without ACA, I wonder what they would be in AZ, Sen McCain wasn't convinced by this argument.
Why did Republicans refuse to help Obama during #ACA debate John?
Should be easy for you to fix then. Oh wait.....
Compared to what? What's the source for your assertions? What have you been doing about it for the last 7 years?
Blah blah blah. Just stop already. Things are only as bad as GOP obstruction and intentional chaos in markets allowed them to be

Last yr, the GOP only allotted 12% of the funds for premium stabilization features. So you paid more. /8/
https://twitter.com/RVAwonk/status/816722741713846272 … 
How's that trump tit tasting
So fix it! #RepairNotRepeal
You are not a smart man... are you really asking this?
Geez. Do you think we aren't aware of our healthcare costs? Bless your heart.
The AHCA was a piece of shit. Fix what we have or come up with something better.
Texas ranks dead last in the US in access to healthcare. Dead last. Why aren't you tweeting about that?
denial
Repair and build the ACA gives much better return on election day than building a stupid wall. Just sayin'.
Obamacare must be fully repealed so it can't be resurrected at a future date.
Then fix it. You all own it now ass
Well then get off Twitter and work with Dems to improve it!!! 2018 can't come soon enough.
So McCrap stopped bill. Makes no sense. He doesn't care about his constituents or America!! Hero..
What are YOU doing to change that? You aren't using Rep power for for anything constructive. What a waste.
You wanted better health care for us? No. You just wanted to kill ACA.
I don't have an ACA policy and my premiums went up 32%.
@JohnCornyn is a disgrace to #Texas and #Republicans - He pushed for changes that hurt American's Health Care & now tries to shift blame SAD
Because of the insecurity of the ACÁ and it was going to go up any way.
25 and 145 percent of what, you nimrod?
If you hadn't sabotaged it at every turn, it would have worked better in all states rather than just some. U could have worked WITH the Ds.
Senate’s Better Care Reconciliation Act (BCRA) would drive up the uninsured rate in every U.S. state.

You " won". You own it. Fix it.
At least some of your colleagues have some integrity and are trying to do something "right". You sir are USELESS!
Fix the ACA and work across the aisle.
You're the Senator, do something, idiot! Repealing isn't the answer.@BarackObama said "Show me a better plan, I'll support it"...#wanna #be
Im from Dallas....btw
Tell traitor john McCain we all say thanks
Our adult children, YOUR CONSTITUENTS, are paying as much or more for HC ins than their house payments! Can't afford deductible & copay!
As a conscientious servant to his constituents @SenJohnMcCain would have voted for a motion to begin repeal & replace
But no he didn't
Then why were you pushing for plans that raised premiums AND reduce coverage? That was your solution? We're not buying your bullshit.
Oh stop.  You must belong to the Order of Perpetual Whiners.
Hopefully, the rumors that YOU'RE being investigated are true. I would love to see you in stripes, Pennywise.
You've had many years to fix it. You obviously cannot so you should resign and get someone competitent in there
Most people are aware but I wish Sen. McCain knew this,wait,he does know this! DTSWAMP!
What will they be after your guy fails to make payments? Your guy wants.to make it fail.
You're incredibly racist and an absolute joke as a representative of Texas.
Thanks to you and your leader.
...and yet Governor Ducey did not support the GOPs attempts to repeal the ACA
As you like to say: FAKE NEWS

I have the ACA and my rates are reasonable. Stop complaining, stop trying to erease Obama's legacy & fix it.
@GOP sabotage. You all should be criminally charged
Your bills would have killed insurance markets. Stop whining and work with the Democrats.
Hello! McFly!
Cornhole.
And you couldn't fix it even with a majority!! You feel powerless yet?
And now?
yet everything you proposed made it worse....
Thanks for the sabotage @GOP

