Maybe a town hall to tell your constituency what your plan is now. Governing not looking like a strong point.
Just repeal it!
Worse bill ever.  What is the purpose of insurance if it doesn't cover prescriptions, hospital, birth
- You're misreading the public mood. We want healthcare fixed, not gutted. We want more insured, not less. #NoAHCA
Have you seen the numbers? 38% of district 25 #texas against #ACHA- Representative gvt or oligarchy?
You don't have to keep EVERY campaign promise, especially ones that kill Americans. @JohnCornyn @SpeakerRyan @WSJopinion @WSJ @POTUS
CBO says repeal would cause 23M to lose health insurance. With #RepealAndReplace it's 24M. #AHCA makes a million more Americans uninsured!
@JohnCornyn said "that is freedom if they choose not to be insured." Or is it that healthcare is actually unaffordabe, John?
Texas won't accept healthcare from DC until it has a clear way to kill elderly,poor,and children, so don't bother
Why would you endorse kicking 24 million Americans off health care? That's cruel!

@tedcruz @RepMcCaul just a reminder the popular vote went to Hillary.We the people won today & some politicians listened.I vote
If you'd hold a town hall you'd know we don't want this. Nothing's getting through to you.
EFFIN hypocrites!You had 7 yrs to give something better. Who believes u can now? NO ONE!
You guys don't want ANY nat'l healthcare- so why the replacement? Ohhhh, BC Americans actually want and need it.  
or not
game over man. You can stop tweeting about this dead bill. Focus on another promise...
.@JohnCornyn Why are you hellbent on getting rid of ACA? U never say what is so wrong. And uninsured people drive up costs for rest of us
Causing 24 mil to lose healthcare for a promise based on nothing but political posturing is political suicide.
That's OK. Kill Granny off. She deserves it. She was standing between a couple of rich guys and their tax cuts.
#GOP_Decoder Gut EHB so we can say prem are low, but let ins cos then charge more 4 these "extras"
thank God you failed so far.
Your constituents don't want it repealed. Who are you making promises to, cause it ain't us.
It's more important to repeal Obamacare than it is for everyone currently covered to remain covered, because party over people.
What if, just what if your constituents don't want you to repeal it? Would you even care? #GOPlistenup
--the law ISN'T failing many ppl, is your promise so much more important than our lives? #SaveACA #SinglePayer
Polls are saying it's a no go https://poll.qu.edu/national/release-detail?ReleaseID=2443 …
u people were elected 2 #RepealObamacare & ur NOT doing it. Slapping some bondo & paint is NOT #Repeal.

No one, absolutely no one, who speaks for patients, & the doctors & nurses who treat them, support this monstrous assault on health. https://twitter.com/richmonddoc/status/844753142394884098 …
Your Promise to repeal the ACA will mean nothing when your kicked out of OFFICE
Complete repeal. Trash it and no replacement.  Americans can't afford the cost of government mandated healthcare.
WH tries to please majority of law makers. Freedom Caucus does not want medicaid, free healthcare
This new coverage should include Accupuncter. I go to mine 1st most times she cures me Case closed
You should all be ashamed of yourselves. Ayn Rand would approve, however.
"without pulling the rug out from under anyone". HAVE YOU READ THE PROPOSAL???
I'm your constituent and I've called 3 days in a row to have your mailbox be full each day.  I know you don't care what I think but this hc
bill was done quick and won't work.  I'm pretty certain you know that.  Just because you promised to repeal something doesn't mean you do
it with a crappily architected bill.  You guys had 7 years to come up w/ a plan (not including all the time you could've had a plan pre-HCA)
This isn't it.  The Rs claimed the Ds rushed and the bill failed.  You don't learn anything from history, do you?  Also push for
Russia/Trump tie independent investigation. McCain is right.  Y'all can't do this and be impartial.  It's time to pick country over party.
Be the senator who picked correct!! And Gorsuch shouldn't be voted on until Trump investigation is over. What do we do if he gets impeached?
I shouldn't be stuck with his choices for anything or his VP as my pres.  You guys better start doing some long term planning.  The kool-aid
Go to the basement, watch 6 hrs of Milton Friedman. When you come out you'll stop acting like Democrats
For the ggod of the country will you Establishment hacks, please resign?
Please correct to "Doing what I'm told by #Trumputin to kill as many #Americans as possible while giving tax breaks to 1%."
will not be voting for you
Capitation on Medicaid at normal inflation will not work. @SpeakerRyan @WSJopinion
your mailbox is always full and staff never answers your phone.
this article made me laugh. You don't actually expect to pass this mess!
@ leave health care alone and spend more time on making Obama care what it can be, national health care
This is a bad bill for the country. Does not fix ACA. Those who vote in favor must be held responsible for the consequences.
Listen to the American people! #AHCA allows junk policies, increases premiums, creates high-risk pools, job-lock
.is there a merit badge for discriminating against those who pay yr ins but U won't use tax $ 2 do the same 4  them?
the people didn't want AHCA and you KNOW this.More of us want you to REPAIR ACA and show you haveCheck the polls
NO GOP. We DO NOT support ur promise to give tax breaks to millionaires & KILL elderly & disabled
We DO NOT want ur #BrokenPromises. You failed to deliver affordable healthcare for ALL Americans.
Whatever makes you big ol boys club sleep better at night. #hypocrite
& we will make a promise to fight your re-election! #HealthCareReform #antiAARP
Keeping my promise as a Dallas voter to fight against you if you do.
GOP seeking to end requirement insurance companies offer decent coverage.  What's at stake:
I'll keep my promise to work to unseat you. Looks like I'll have plenty of company! #votehimout
"We said we'd get rid of everything the uppity black guy did, and we will. No matter how many die for it!" #FixedIt
I promise to see you unelected 
why do you spew the party line? Why don't you care about the Texans you will hurt?
Healthcare should not be a money making scheme for big pharma and insurance companies.
Maybe I'll run against you next election.
It's political theater, something you're doing to get votes regardless of the human cost.
Your job is to represent ALL of your constituents. Not just the one that agree with you.
You're all Heroes to Billionaires.
AHCA may allow insurers to stop covering doctor's visits, prescriptions, and hospital stays.
