On that note you should probably tell your wife that you'll eventually divorce her because 40-50% of marriages end in divorce.
We have to share the world. If a fire starts in an apartment building you better hope your neighbors help before your home is destroyed.
I think that best represents the reality we have.
Is this what Jesus taught us?!
That's early 1930's thinking. I don't think we want to go back to that.
That is the worst attitude, especially when it leads to our President embracing despots but lecturing our allies and u say NOTHING. Shame.
Great.  You view our world as one big Gladiator ring.  Focus on our corrupt government!!!!
What a bleak and dystopian view of the world. I personally aim for a better world than that, but you get to create your own misery.
All subscribing to that stance should be ashamed, and stop calling themselves Christians. Jesus weeps for their victims. This is not a game.
Russia will be great again with this attitude
That's pretty cynical.
So what's your take Senator?
He never offers as view. It's like a guessing game. So weird.
*a*
I'm convinced it's a plausible deniability strategy. He only quotes people so he can claim that he never meant anything he posts.
Probably so. Still weird. Is this how elected representatives are supposed to behave? Any comment Senator?
So Senator, I see you've come out against the Paris C Accord. What do you have against your grandchildren? Still on the Trump train I see.
@JohnCornyn you should be ashamed of yourself. TX Cannot Wait to Barbecue your hide at the polls in 20. #TurnTXBlue #OutIn20
Playing right into Putin's hand to weaken NATO.  Study history John.  You're looking more foolish every day.
You're literally a monster. Literally trying to take the position that we can't work together and must compete for survival. Disgusting
I disagree, as should you. #2020
One guy is a general who thinks blowing things up is diplomacy and the other is an attorney. Great job.
You're a disgusting human being. Quit already
and so we move seamlessly from community to Lord of the Flies @txlege @txdemwomen @statesman @tuntxblue2018.GOP vision of our future #resist
So... USA goes it alone
What a sad way to look at the world. No wonder you're so screwed up.
How 17th Century of them. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leviathan_(book) …
Indeed and we are losing "bigly."
Here, here! Common sense & Reality! (Wish you would block the hateful Bots, like Potus. Getting old) 
What kind of snowflake senator blocks his own constituents so that he can't hear their very real concerns, anyway?
The kind that never holds a town hall, I guess?
The senator is available & open to listen. "Resist Texas" doesn't set his schedule, thankfully
He's not. Ever tried calling his office? If you actually get through his staffers are kinda clueless, but that's IF you get through.
Yes, I've called. Had better luck with email and fax, though.
Even a fax can't get through now.
Congratulations. Wasn't that the point of the resist movement? Shut it all down?  Tear it up. Tear it down. Vent,vent, vent. Changes nothing
adios, 'enlightened' self-interest. it's game of thrones time, i guess.
For once, tell us what YOU think. You refuse to meet with us, the least you can do is tell us what YOU ACTUALLY THINK. We deserve to know.
Well said Senator Cornyn.
Hey ho, another Cornyn'ism tweet-no stated position & no backbone, a stooge to McConnell who's a stooge to Pence who's a stooge to DJT
amen.  there is a difference between macro and micro - and sometimes that difference comes down to 1. 1 Person. 1 USA.
Maybe that's why every nation on this planet laughs at us.
as they hand over the keys to the US to Russia.
Only under tRUMP
You tweet as often as Trump.
What's your vision for its future--community, or competition?
Thanks to 45 & suck-up Congress (incl u), America is rapidly losing our advantage. Moral authority was lost in Jan 20. Make it stop, senator
Ahem "leaders" jockey for advantay, "people" do the heavy lifting for you and couldn't care less about your insecure sense of masculinity.
All that schooling and y'all ain't learned shit.
An attitude that inevitably leads to war. Endless wars.
When you spend your whole life as a hammer, every problem starts looking like a .... carpenter's finger.

It's ok to want a global community
"Trump accomplished in short order what Russia only dreamed about for 70 years, splitting Western Alliance & weakening our shared defense."
An arena where are elected officials are bought and sold like cheap trinkets
You continue to show how small minded you are. Our world won't survive dinosaurs like you. Hope new evolved species rise sooner than later.
America used to be the leader of the free world. Now we are the laughing stock of the world. You being a rubber stamp to a mad man is gross.
Can't it be both? Nothing is black and white. One can only hope you become enlightened that the world is in shades of gray and technicolor.
Senator, would you like to comment on covfefe? Your constituents deserve to know.
Your monkey mind thinks this. Your soul knows it isn't so.
Study International Law and ask yourself if that's true.  Tooootallly set of rules for that game.
You're the worst.
Quiet - you are an embarrassment...
You mean where rich people compete for control of resources at the expense of human lives?
And however distasteful people may find this to be, the sooner we come to terms with it the better for all of us. The world isn't nice.
The two are not mutually exclusive.  Unless you want war.
I guess that's ur way of succeeding power for advantage of a few. That's my translation. But what do I know I'm just ur constituent.  #ManUp
That is such an incredibly idiotic stance. We are all living on this one world and should strive to come together so we can advance together
- "An arena where nations compete for advantage." I think we've seen this movie. 1930s --> WW2. Familiar?
Ok... but the goal should be a global community, not irl Risk.
Sounds like the Cornyn way. "Screw the other guy. We'll get our goodies first. And if that is bad long-term, well, who gives a shit?"
sounds like an excuse for POTUS horrible treatment of our NATO allies to me. Sad and disgusting!
Uh, tell that to Reagan, who used the leverage of the global community to lower nuclear stockpiles.
So, time for some game theory... did you know that sometimes cooperation is a superior strategy? It's true!
And, even by the "red in tooth and claw" argument, your boy Trump is doing terribly at maintaining any kind of American hegemony.
Which is why global alliances with other advanced societies are important.
Had honor 2 meet a WWII vet today at SA VA clinic. He's not ANGRY at Trump's agenda. Other 2 Vietnam vets & my husband agreed. SHAME ON GOP
Sounds like a great stance for all those interested in more World Wars!
So. Wrong
We shouldn't be competing with intelligence sharing and war against Russian aims of democracy destruction.  Why are you complicate?
You had better get your Senate moving or you are in trouble in Texas...looking like a Status Quo...not good.
American conundrum has always been gap between its fundamental principles and its practices.  Trump solves this puzzle by ditching former.
Compete for advantages? Is that what Jared was doing, fake senator?  Sounds fake.
This could be changed...
Single quote marks are used within a quote. Is this whole statement a quote? Either way, your punctuation is wrong. High school? or GED?
Um sir get a clue most of the gop will be gone ask yourself this question what did you know and when did you know it .
Yeah, well - our President who is a novice to public service and his lapdog son-in-law ain't up to the job of leading this ship & U know it.
U repeat ur owners lies. Truth is the world is not a “global community” but an arena where CORPORATIONS ... compete for advantage."
Yeah?

Feel good about "competing for advantage" with Team Trump at the helm?
When the only thing in ur toolbox is a hammer, everything looks like a nail
The isolationist policy not good for country, peace, jobs, etc. Trump is fine allying US w human rights violators NOT our  not who we R
AS NATIONS COMPETE FOR ADVANTAGE, ALL WILL LOSE IF DON'T WORK TOGETHER ON CLIMATE CHANGE CONSEQUENCES. PLAIN AS NOSE ON YOUR FACE. SO SIMPLE
Resign
Hey there intern running Cornyn's account, maybe let him know no one is interested in this inane drivel.
Tell us about Flynn & his subpoena.
Good point. Like he even knows how to tweet...
trumps tax plan is ridiculous.  Trickle down doesn't work for anyone but YOU rich guys
They are RINO globalist, quit quoting fake news outlets to make them look as if they are not.
We need to move to global community. When nations' leaders jockey for power, we lose.
And some use treason to gain advantage - for personal gain or to help the other.  Which are you?
But we have- or had- friends & allies. Trump has destroyed in 4 months alliances which took decades to build.
I called your Dallas office & asked if you consider Russia an ally or adversary.They didn't know, said call DC.No answer there.
I have yet to reach a person (human or otherwise) at the DC office.
Release trumps taxes to Mueller
Do you WANT us to go to war?
You can put lipstick on this pig all you want, all I know is the next President is going to be doing one hell of an apology tour.
Yep & sooner than GOP/Trump dream. DT in office 8yrs not happening. GOP obsolete if it passes all agendas aimed 2 help 1% WAKE UP Senator!!
But by all means call Donny on his cell
until a grand jury is impaneled to stop leaks stop all investigations. I mean all. Nothing is more important
Perspective is everything, Senator. Of course war men look at the world like a Risk game.
& the top 25% of China equals the entire US population. You think they're not going to blow past us while you're busy shilling for big oil?
And China's now investing in renewables. America's time is over. 45 just sped the process by a quarter century or so.
Is this your excuse for Kushner's back channel to the Russian embassy? Because I will not let you or anyone else tell me that's normal.
It's sociopathic today
Says two guys who have interests & positions that give them that perspective. Besides, McMaster's integrity is kind of in the shitter now...
And seriously? The world is not a global community? That's kind of exactly what it is.
Nations can be part of a global community too btw.
But I can see why people who have enjoyed the most wealth, access, & power would want to continue promoting tribalism that keeps it that way
Yep!
Rather militaristic worldview. Even in the US, we compete against one another, but cooperate to tackle shared problems. So should the world.
So here's my presidents cell #
You realize that was the guiding principle behind international relations in the 1930s, right?

You know how that ended, right?

Right?
Sociopath
Well then we’re losing our advantage as long as we have DJT in the oval.  Time to put country above party Senator!
He never has. Like Trump - why expect change now?
I don't disagree. But he needs to grow a spine or get out of the way... a wave is coming.
Yet instead of helping all Americans compete, you and the @GOP are more interested in providing an advantage to the 1% w/ tax cuts. Sad!
