A Dem that is being considered for Supreme Court???? #MerrickGarland
;  The Court is supposed to be unbiased.
dem senator isn't up for being a Supreme Court justice! Do you not get that? Kinda on overload these days aren't ya?
USUAL LOONY LOGIC..."THEY WERE FOR HIM BEFORE THEY WERE AGAINST HIM".....STUPID THEN STUPID  NOW!
Ummm...we can vote a Senator out as you will see...a Supreme Court justice is for life. Not even the same plane. #DoYourJob
Merrick Garland or wait until next election. You all said 8 was fine. We don't the ninth. #townhall
Gorsuch  nothing more than your stacking the deck man he rules for big business ,NRA never for the little man
again with u bitching about Dems.  Be a man.  Be an American.  Be a Texan.  We have enough cry babies in government these days
Please don't change subject. The Dem Senator isn't candidate for Supreme Court like Gorsuch. #SupremeCourt
Nice try. Bennett is not nominated FOR LIFE to the SCOTUS!If he were, those ties would matter!Really the Beacon?! Propaganda
Grow up, John. He said she said just isn't big league thinking. Geez, John. We're talking about the Supreme Court. Think.
honestly Gorsuch is an excellent pick if you're D or R. I hate a lot of things going on but this isn't one. How bout #russia ?
Many children I know can see through this level of stupidity, Johnny C DeVos.
possibly because only one of them is up for the Supreme Court?
focus please on things your constituents are concerned about. #RIPnonhealthcare #IndependentInvestigation #education #2020
only news here is that you get hype from the Free Beacon. News from bathroom wall is more accurate and smells better
or at least his staff does... There is no way to talk to our senator
Senate terms aren't lifetime appointments.  Appt of a Justice is a more important matter than a butt to fill a Senate seat.
this seems to be a refrain from your staff... No claim on merits just pointing a finger elsewhere.
this constituent is ashamed of you attacking the press. Why is gorsuch a r? You are an attorney, man.
and here us Texans are, looking for a link to our senators.
OMG the liberals never shut up!! There is no pleasing them even with a majority election over! Ignore them please!
Fire the person who writes your tweets, Cornyn. They are incompetent
Mr Bennett isn't a nominee for the Supreme Court ... or did that minor detail escape you?
SCOTUS is not the Senate. Another day, another double standard! You're too smart for this nonsense.
Oh, just a little fact Supremes are lifetime appointments. Senator 6 years to next election. Apples and oranges.
No hearing for Gorsuch or tax giveaway until resolution of health care. 1/6 of economy, 24 m people takes precedence
Dem Senator isn't being vetted for the Supreme Court.  Let them cover that issue during the Senator's election campaign.
"But someone else did it too." Man, I remember what is was like when I was 6 years old.
the Senator is not up for CONFIRMATION. Plz stop lowballing Americans by suggesting that distinctions don't matter #constituent
We don't like or want Gorsuch ! We like @GarlandSCOTUS
Karma is something else. At less Hirsch is getting a hearing. U ppl never gave Merrick Garland never go one.SHAMEFUL
vote NO on House Joint Resolution 69
"Someone else did it too" is hardly discourse becoming a US Senator.
But, Gorsuch has received benefit and now seeks appt to SCOTUS, a lifetime appt. Two wrongs don't cancel anything 2)
Even if, perhaps the Senator should have been investigated by ethics. If not, that's too bad 1)
since you know, who are the Dem Senators?
@TrishLaird @FreeBeacon Why must MSM insist on trying to taint good people on the right but turn blind eye to those on the left?
is blowing smoke to deflect from @realDonaldTrump & GOP MAJOR problem: RUSSIA.
This deflection technique isn't working anymore. Listen to your constituents. #texastownhall #resist #persist
stop pointing out lesser evils and go after the big one.Do your job! If you'd have a town hall we could remind you how to do it.
Hypocrite...
You lost all credibility with your Liar in Chief. Nothing you say means anything. #TrumpTaxReturns #trumprussia
false equivalency. Straight from the GOP playbook that resulted in racist, sexist Twitler the Ass Clown as your boss
IF NYT prints it it is a LIE!
what about your links to big corporations? #DoYourJob
You are becoming a punchline. I used to think you were decent. My earlier assessment was wrong. You only think of party first.
Possibly because only one of them is nominated for the Supreme Court?  *Shrug*  Again, both sides corrupt and flawed.
John, False Equivalence. That is, disinformation. Bennett was not the subject of the article, or even relevant to it. Get real!
Are those Senators trying to get a lifetime government job?
More false equivalence. This article highlights Gorsuch's present connection. Bennet is no longer in that position. Try again.
Also Senator is elected, & can be voted out.Supreme Court Justice is approved (or not) by YOU and is there for life.  Do ur job!
~ The web of deceit by the NYT never ends does it? Never thought the NYT would be so blatantly dishonest.
Whatabout Whatabout Whatabout #sovietcollabo
i wasn't aware the Michael Bennet was also seeking a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court?
Please quit dividing. Clean our own house, then we can work on others. Graft is wrong regardless of who does it! #doright
It seems that the GOP is defending themselves these days with "this unrelated guy did it, too" tactic. Why does  it matter?
#FullRepeal  stop #ObamacareLite  keep your wordto your voters !
Is Michael Bennet trying to get a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court?
Yep, seems ya’ll have ethics problems.
Are you going to ignore #LyingDonald and his false accusations against President Obama?
