"The status quo of a leaky roof is unacceptable. Are you ok with that? Now stand aside and let me set fire to the house." - @JohnCornyn
The fact that you're going on this PR offensive just proves that that you're panicked that people are seeing through your lies.
Yeah, I'm fine with it you dips***s. You see, I actually like it when human beings survive & live happy, healthy lives.
2A. LOVE IT! REPEAL AND REPLACE NOW
Circa. Is fake news. Try to trace sources in your articles they go nowhere. Nice try Conrad
Fake ACCOUNT. New with 47 followers. Ser up to TROLL and spread disinformation.
he status quo is way better than the crap you're pushing. Obamacare is fixable. Drumpfcare will literally kill people, and you're OK w/that.
What a crock. @GOP doing all they can to sabotage it. #SinglePayer
we're not fine with +20 million losing insurance. think of a real solution brainiacs or you'll be out of office.
NEW TROLL ACCOUNT
Love you, kill it!!! Now!!
No. REPEAL AND REPLACE NOW
TH STATUS QUO OF TRUMP'S FAKE HEALTHCARE PLAN HAS BEEN STUDIED AND IS A HUUUUGE DISASTER WAITING TO HAPPEN AND GOP KNOWS IT BUT GREED LEADS
PROFIT OVER PEOPLE PROPAGATED BY
PIGS FOR PUTIN PSYCHOLOGICAL PROPAGANDA PROMOTIONS
PRIMARILY
PITIFUL
PLAGUE 
PHENOMENON
PHAILS
PROFUSELY
Ignorance can be corrected. However, the problem is not just that Trump is ignorant of the Constitution; it’s that he doesn’t care.Stop him!
Accurate: John Cornyn is indeed in a death spiral. @BetoORourke & @JoaquinCastrotx are waiting. I'm okay with that.
ME TOO! #TurnTXBlue

Fake news
Stop helping the wealthy who don't need help! Country before party! We deserve single payer healthcare!!!
Better than this DOA horrific House bill. Tell Drumpf to stop sabotaging the current system, face reality of the need for Medicare for all.
But @JohnCornyn, that is exactly how GOP interventions were designed to play out. It's not like we weren't paying attention to your sabotage
No I am not. Your party is undermining the success. Make it work. Don't screw 23 million Americans.
I hope it passes, then maybe these idiots will finally see that these politicians are only in it for their own wealth 
Senators better deliver on repealing and replacing obamacare.  You only have now to get it done. Americans are suffering from your failure
Excuse you? It's saved lives. What's your excuse for trying to dismiss it? To many pharma companies in your pocket?
You know we all pay for those who are uninsured. I believe the ACA could work, & it's certainly better start than the shocking ACHA plan.
If your talking point rhetoric were a preexisting condition insurance companies wouldn't cover you because you're high-risk
What is happening to ACA is due to healthcare companies' greed.
I'm ok with you shutting your lying Pie hole.
By "unacceptable" you mean "taxes the wealthy"? Cause that's the one thing you seem interested in "fixing". You make *everything else* worse
And You should be proud of the work you did withholding insurance subsidies and destabilizing the market. #lieanddeny
Indeed.
I am more OK with ACA and finding ways to improve than your sadistic plan that cuts care for the disabled, elderly and poor. SHAMEFUL GOP
unless you change the filibuster, you wont get anything done and YOU WONT BE RE ELEcted NO GUTS NO GLORY NO VOTES THAT SIMPLE
Where's UR plan? You had 6 yrs. NO EXCUSE. Ppl sick of inept GOP House and Senate. Horrible leadership. Ppl want TRUMP AGENDA. GET IT DONE!
What are YOU going to do about it?????  You're the number 2 guy in the senate.  #abolish60voterule
Fake news
You were going to replace ACA with something "better". Losing coverage for pre-existing conditions isn't better, it's worse for Texans.
Almost half Texans voted AGAINST Trump in general election. I need representation, too.
Single payer!
Repair not replace. Fix what needs to be fixed. Leave the rest alone for the good of the country.
u know what"s unacceptable is a bunch of grown men who care about money ,,tax cuts for rich then people stop F"N AROUND ,,MEDICARE FOR ALL !
You awful man!
Well, then. do your job & work to make improvements. you will pay for negligent arrogance. the problems the GOP is creating will hurt every1
If youre so concerned w #ACA why aren't you working to make it better instead of less access/ tax breaks for wealthy?
Evil white old guys
Dopes
THE ACA NEEDED TWEAKS. @GOP IS SABOTAGING IT AND THE HEALTH OF MILLIONS OF AMERICANS.
It may be the GOP in a death spiral. Cornyn "represents" the state with the highest # of uninsured, & the highest # of uninsured children
It isTrumpcare now. No deflection allowed. You are held responsible.  #2018 #2020
showing us the art of selling your soul for money and power. How much $ is enough John? #HellisVeryHot #Traitor
The #Republicans are sabotaging the #ACA! Please improve #Obamacare or go with #SinglePayer! #Trumpcare sucks! #Trump #ImpeachTrump #Russia
How do you know John Cornyn is lying? His lips are moving! He's trying to save his & other treasonous bastards asses!
When you sabotaged and refused to adhere to the planned subsidies, then you killed the ACA.  Sick 
I'll take It instead of the nightmare plan you put together.Pls protect us from jerks like Trump(who is neither conservative nor republican)
You're destroying it. You bitched and moaned for 7 years now you have no answers.
A lot of soundbites, but no context. I thought Senators were THOUGHTFUL.
You and your good old boys come up with that at Rick's NigraHead retreat?
Ever consider making tweets & working together?!!  No, you burn the house down in order to fix a leaky pipe. U R ALL terrible plumbers!!!
you sabotaged Obamacare. Gop BS healthc plan is mathematically BS. Can't high risk folks in one pool & lower premiums
#fakenews
Are you OK with this?
This is fake news. This was given by one CEO. Obama care is working but it could work better if you fuckers will try to help fix it
Lies
Fake news
Fake news
So why not repair obamacare instead of sabotaging it
yes.  not unacceptable.
You guys know how many people were opposed to Obamacare for years, so don't let fake news & fake polls keep us w/Obamacare!
Sir, you are in charge.  Time to stop complaining and blaming. Time to start leading and solving problems.
You will have to take the heat & be the "bad guys" until the agenda is up & going & proves itself! Some of you are traitorous as hell!
Senate GOP need 2 get on w/the Trump agenda that we voted for! Sick of seeing sellouts in our Party! We need to start recalling some of you!
Thank to the #gop sabotage and insurance co interests. #vichygop,
Fake news.
So you'll now support single payer?  Great!!  Good for you!

CBO released a pretty good analysis, in case you missed it: https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52752 … https://twitter.com/johncornyn/status/868541526976090112 …
Lying POS!
No, stop trying to destroy it!  Idiots!
You assholes hamstring it then complain that it's not working
I'm not OK with the deaths of thousands of Americans because of the hate filled greed of the republicans
Are you? Your party prevented medicaid expansion and blocked implementation in order to hurt the law so you could complain about it later.
The staus quo is repubs attacking, hacking, undermining & not fixing it as they should've done 7 yrs ago so no, we're not okay w/that - or U
Work on the ACA law and make improvements.  First - require all states to expand Medicaid to provide stability, then go from there.
Are you okay with AHCA? Ya know the one that will be worse for Americans if you're not rich?
Where is the courage of GOP, where is the rule of law,no convictions of 8 yrs of total lawbreaking in every area imaginable,yet get trump???
Death spiral for pre existing conditions. U ok with that Senator?
because you and the rest of GOP sabotaged ACA!
Tax cuts for the wealthiest, no insurance for 23 mill, risk pools. This isn't how you treat Americans.
Absolutely not ok with ACA and want full repeal. Then let the market work X borders.

@ChrisMurphyCT explains how #Obamacare isn't dying Trump is purposefully killing it
Why didn't Texas accept the Medicaid package?
YES I AM!!!
So what is your replacememt???
Quit sabotaging it then & fix it! If 23M losing health insurance isn't a death spiral, I don't know what is! #Trumpcare kills!
"Senators .... undo the Trump tax, stop....driving instability in the exchanges,". Do your job.  Improve the ACA!,
Your voting record is unacceptable. Vote patriotism instead of party.
GOP Propoganda! ACA is being sabotaged by the GOP in an effort to justify their catastrophic replacement. It won't make it more palatable.
Quit hiding during business hours and answer your phones. Come home and have a town hall with constituents.
"let's pretend what I just said was meaningful because it contained a well-known Latin phrase" #firecornyn
I'm ok with it. Far, far better than the AHCA tax cut. I'm a small business owner & would love to talk about it. Planning any town halls?
The status of health care in unacceptable. What's ur plan? 8 years and haven't seen anything.
Single-payer system now!
YOU are unacceptable! U & @tedcruz kept the law saying insurance has to pay but failed to fund that part of the law-Stop lying! #NoAHCA #ACA
Not funding RISK CORRIDOR PROVISION?
Rubio and GOP set into motion why ins co closed or left mkts and why prems have increased so much!
how much are premiums going to rise under Trumpcare?
Open your eyes John: #MedicareForAll. More than 60% of Americans agree on this.
So fix it instead of taking people's health insurance away
Liars! Obamacare was/is not perfect but was helping 20M+ Americans & could be fixed: if it's failing it's GOP's doing. FlipTheHouseSenate!
What do u have to say about ur gop colleage charged with assault? Gianforte?
You want to kill it b/c obama implemented  it. No other reason.
Yes im ok with it.
Broad subpoena power
Yes. Republicans are ruining the country
No. Are you going for universal coverage as opposed to so-called "affordable access"? Finally willing to say healthcare is a right? #saveACA
Repeal the whole thing!
Well.... fix it bubbas

Better then the garbage you're offering!
NO! Not OK with being ignored either! I'm a constituent! You had my vote! Not this time! I'll help POTUS drain the swamp! Start packing...
The ACA is not perfect, but it's better than anything the republicans have been able to propose. Cornyn, resign and stop embarrassing Texas.
STOP TALKING AND DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
@JohnCornyn saying journalists should be prosecuted is also unacceptable. Care to comment on that?
Far better than so-called current alternative on the table.  Far worse deal for the majority of mainstreeters who voted you in....
Yes,  as it is far better than your plan which will leave so many out in the cold with no access or affordability 
Free market is what healthcare needs , it's not an entitlement.  Republicans need to get their asses in gear. Push the President's agenda.
You can crawl back under your rock now!  Sad you are representing Texas in Washington. Time to get a real job, you are going to go down!
nope, not ok with disingenuous GOP dismantling all mandates and support that would have allowed ACA to succeed - calling it states' "choice"
Still trying to convince yourselves? How are YOU ok with AHCA?
Regulate insurance companies, do not cut taxes for the rich at our expense.
#Trumpcare
And Senator Cornyn the status quo of you doing nothing about it is also unacceptable! You need to be repealed and replaced!
No we are not John! I was not okay with it when the Scumocrats rammed it thru by cheating!
Yeah, insurance companies are really gouging hard working Americans. You should fix the companies, not deny people coverage.
bla bla, 8 fuking years and YOU don;t have a bill to present to @potus. #WEVOTE
I'm ok with being able to have insurance, yes.
No, it isn't. & if it were, why solve it with mass bankruptcy, poverty, and death? You can't come up with *anything* that values life?
7 years to fix it. You're an #LAZYASS for doing nothing. Whatever you propose, make sure you also use the SAME HEALTHCARE YOU SELL US!
Yeah because being forced out of Health Insurance is definitely better than status quo...
You are another one that doesn't give the American people credit.  You insult their intelligence!

Is ok with this congressman betting up and arresting journalists
Obama is losing its appeal as boogey man and no way charging women 1000 more a month is going to sell
Why not talk about the virtues of cutting 1.3 trillion from healthcare for tax cut for the rich
What I'm no ok with is YOU!
Yes leave it and let the democrats explain it
you defunded risk corridors
How 'bout you reinstate the risk corridors and work on improving ACA.  I'd be fine with that.
The status quo is the uninsured rate is half what it was before #ACA #Obamacare, not one can be denied coverage, no caps. I'm OK with that
WE ARE WAITING FOR BETTER!! Take what works with ACA quit brow beating us! #ACAcan work #taxbreakforrich #resist
We should sue you for the lying ad GOP put on TV.  Hopefully even the poorly ignorant will know it's bull crap.
@housegop Your current TV ad is false advertising, misrepresentation, unlawful. BO tells a different story about Trumpcare which betrays us.
yes, we are all in agreement.  Do your job and fix it without cutting 24 million people from affordable health care.
I'm not okay with you cuttin insurance to 23 million Americans.
Trump continues to make Russia Great Again! Russia invades a country and still nothing negative to say about Russia
It's a hell of a lot better than what the Republicans are proposing. Your "Get Sick and Die Plan" is ridiculous. Also, GOP is lying about it
CBO IS FAKE NEWS! Always WRONG, ALWAYS NOT factoring in all facts, like stimulation of economy by lower premiums!!
History will show your face as the legislators who put party politics ahead of Americans' health care. Are you OK with that?
We're not ok with your replacement.
Making sure 23 million Americans lose health coverage is not the Christian thing to do. GOP has the power to fix ACA.
Are you ok with this?
EXPAND MEDICARE AND MEDICAID NOW!
Stop playing blame game!
We are so sick and tied of GOP blaming Obama for everything.
DO. SOMETHING!
So to fix Obama care...completely kill insurance, hospitals, clinics, jobs, poor people, kids, old people, and VOTES.
Not OK with this worthless Republican Congress, u haven't accomplished anything that helped Americans, fingers pointing doesn't fix problem
Again, what have you done in the last 7 years to improve the. AHCA?  Nothing!  Quit bashing Obamacare and come up with something better!
It's about time the Republicans got a backbone.  Support TRUMP or quit.  Or, we'll vote you out.  #MAGA
Webcam is not a substitute for townhall meetings w/constituents in Texas. Where is that schedule?
Better than anything you guys have to offer! it would be wise of you fools to FIX the problems and look good with the American public!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP holds both houses. You can fix #ObamaCare. Stop complaining and do it. #ThePowerIsYours #ACA
Congress needs to fix the ACA.  The Republican plan is a disaster and will knock 23 million off healthcare.  Shame on you losers.
I am not OK with the GOP not taking care of the ACA. Nor am I OK with Trumpcare. How is a 64 year old is to pay for it?
Once I accept that a thing is unacceptable, I cannot then be okay with that thing by definition. #logic #BasicArgumentSkills
23 Million people will lose coverage under the current House plan. We need a Public option that has the leverage to negotiate lower rates
Yes! Resources it! Your plan stinks!
Watch this video.  the death and corruption in our Gov. Do what is right!
This video is damn well done. Please #RT and share.  
@Cernovich  @KimDotcom @RealAlexJones @LizCrokin @Rambobiggs   
