Republicans have been dreaming of the day they get to slash Medicaid -- and they might achieve just that http://cnnmon.ie/2sUi8zm 
Here is a hint: it is not the fault of those seeking medical care.  Why do you keep legislating to try and punish sick people?
that's nothing but a lie. Texas is due to lose bigly with Medicaid cuts kicking 2.4 million people off insurance plans
Why can't you speak out for Texans, quit doing photo ops  work 4 US @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC @indtx36 @DFWIndivisible
That statement is meaningless. A cut is cut. Slow speed wreck for those w/disabil in TX- already failing to act early, huge $ to treat later
Until the states run out of $$, John. Tell the whole story, John.
Every medical group in America opposes bill.  2 million Texans will lose healthcare.  Million thrown off Medicaid.  #GOPPlanIsMonstrous
Disingenuous description for gutting funds. Shouldn't you know this? Here's a more reliable source than your usual:
Then address the COST of healthcare. Seriously.
Texas will face the increased costs associated with cuts to Medicaid. Not lazy people: disabled, elderly, kids. Vote no. This is bad for TX
@JohnCornyn please stop lying to us. Just because we are Texans doesn't make us stupid. You and #MitchMcConnell should be ashamed.
You're lying, John. The eyes of Texas are upon you. #ResistTrumpcare
2/2 copied from John Pavlovitz -- and I most certainly agree with him. Your healthcare bill is mean-spirited, Senator Cornyn.
@dscc @CNNMoney - Source? CBO & bill itself contradicts. The cuts are deep & would have profound effects on most vulnerable
As a Texan, business owner, father, tax payer and GOP contributor i am opposed to this Bill which benefits insurance companies and wealthy.
He isn't even hearing that. It would appear he couldn't care less whether his loyal voters like this or not.
Give him a call
If you want to speak to a human staffer for @JohnCornyn call his east TX office in Tyler at 903-593-0902. Please RT
I call and write.
He responds to emails in the most politician way; thread after thread ignores the question and frames some BS he wants to tell you about
@yes, we have brains too man.
Your plan takes 4,747,287 Texas children off medicaid. We will remember this in 2020.
How did you spend your payoff from insurance companies and big pharma, John?  See you in the voting booth, you pile of .
How do you figure that?
Contrary to your beliefs not all of your constituents are morons. We will remember and make damn sure you never forget.
Who cares - slash Medicare!
What you should be working on is #HealthCareForAll. Stop your support of #Trumpcare for the rich.
If you claim to be a Christian and you haven't said anything about a healthcare bill that will leave 22 million w/o care, you've spoken. 1/2
No, Medicaid spending would be reduced by 24% in 2026.
I'm waiting for them to call the CBO "alternative facts" so their constituents vote for their own death sentence.
As usual, no idea if you're intentionally trying to mislead people or are just that stupid.
Stop tweeting bull shit lies.
But not keep up with medical inflation.  Give your constituents the whole story
@SenateGOP @JohnCornyn @tedcruz We the people deserve better than this slap dash attempt. Bad bill.
Could you please stop lying?
If you can fix it, then do. People winding up w/o insurance means it's still broken.
You can keep your doctor. Pass the bill to see what's in it. Yes DEMS you got this figured out #ObamacareRepeal
Stop being obtuse. You know exactly what they mean.
Maybe because of the number of elderly? Slash it, so you can feed those tax cuts to the Kochs, or they may cut off your luxury weekends
I don't support your bill "senator" - from HTX
I doubt anyone in his office reads these. I'd recommend calling or FAXing 202 224 2934
What Christian takes basic healthcare away from the poor and most vulnerable amongst us???
And it will again if you don't repealing Ocare! NO GOVERNMENT RUN HEALTHCARE!! If another Dem is in office they will change it back 2 Ocare!
You lost. Get back to the drawing board
Learn about inflation. Congress isn't for you if your skills top out at addition/subtraction. #AHCA #BCRA #JustTaxCuts4Rich
Don't disrespect your constituents by spreading falsehoods like this. It is patently fake news.
In increments much smaller than expected rates of inflation for health care costs. Stop lying.
Not necessarily, get people healthy enough to go back to work & they'd get private healthcare. You don't even have Medicaid expansion in TX
800bn is not a cut? What do you want to call it? Defunding? Reforming? Modfying? Use whatever term you want. You're ruining people's lives.
Soooo, now that vote is delayed, why don't you have a town hall & explain your bill to our faces? We have some things to explain to you too.
Is this the thing now? Just bald-faced, flat-out lying?
When Democrats did the same thing to Medicare, y'all accused him of ripping $700 billion away from the elderly
So were you lying then or are you lying now?
It's funny. I actually came here to thank you for delaying the healthcare vote. Then I saw your tweets and remembered you're still the worst
repeal the whole obama care bill, then go back to table
Easy fix...raise taxes for the wealthiest. #HandsOffMyHealthCare
Stop lying please. It's unbecoming of your office and chamber.
It's a pitiful state of affairs when the party that controls both houses cannot craft & pass legislation that truly benefits Americans.
That's because the American population continues to grow. More people = more expense. Would you rather just doom everyone to shorter lives?
Well, everyone who is poor
character count!
Lacking votes, Senate GOP leaders abruptly delay vote on health care bill until after July 4th recess http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/lacking-votes-senate-gop-leaders-abruptly-delay-vote-48306449 …
When and where is your town hall?
You lie!
W/ BCRA Could I buy only a catastrophic policy like I had before Ocare ?  That's s all I need or want. I pay for doctor visits myself
So @JohnCornyn now that the vote is being delayed, will you be conducting town hall meetings to hear your constituents? #BCRA #healthcare
@dscc @CNNMoney lies lol this guy has no credibility
You lie.
But not by as much as required or projected. #Cut
https://www.cff.org/Get-Involved/Advocate/Current-Advocacy-Actions/Tell-Congress-to-Oppose-the-American-Health-Care-Act/ …
Dude, we can read. Why lie?
GOP scrambles to keep alive plans to overhaul Obamacare - The Washington Post
Yeah, why the fuck would we spend money on the old and sick when we can buy some sweet-ass missiles oh and give rich people more money #USA
The REAL reason why you think it's a mistake to hold off on the vote is because we will find out what's REALLY in it #saveourhealthcare
You are stealing my money.  This is fraud and greed and you are what is wrong with the world.  YOU ARE THE PROBLEM!  All of those like you.
it would go up but the baseline with medical inflation and aging population would mean less money per capita.
Liar, liar, pants on fire. I figure if you can act like a child so can I. #NoBCRA #CanCornyn20
No:
This money goes to elderly folks & severely ill children. What kind of ghouls cut funding from them?
But not at a rate that keeps up with costs, which effectively "slashes" it. Stop lying to your constituents, Senator.
As a constituent I say go back to the drawing board. Do it above board and be transparent.
Get the lobbyists & special interests out of healthcare then do a bill we can support.
And your point? Better it go up and be paid for by all those tax credits you don't need to issue to your buddies, Senator.
And it wouldn't be enough or last long enough and premiums will go up and deductibles would go up. Bigly bad bill.
But are more people covered?
LIAR
What has happened to your integrity?
Have you accepted the return to Senators getting $6 a day because prices never rise, economies never falter, and you tell the truth?
@dscc so TRUMP said he was going to increase economic growth, so there's no problem hmmm @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible
Your war spending goes up year after year.
Own it, you are gutting Medicaid to give talk cut, survival of the fittest
Stop misleading. If I planned on having 200 more to spend on healthcare next year and now I find out I only have 50 more, it is still a cut.
Are you even a little embarrassed? Like when the lights are off and you remember that you maybe weren't a hack once?
"insurance companies and drug manufacturers are the most profitable in the world"
"attenuate the US opioid crisis is not part of the agenda of the health insurance industry"
Cornyn's num 3,8,&12 industries own this bill. Say 'hello' to the healthcare cartel:
GOP says their "health care" bill is about "freedom and choice." What choice is that? Between paying the mortgage or buying food or meds?
How many times does CBO need to tell GOP that their #HealthcareBill will endanger millions before R’s say "maybe this isn't a good idea"?
It's unfortunate that Politicians don't care about the Medicaid or uninsured demographics. It won't impact their elections. SAD
Don't make 22 million uninsured. Vote no.
Quit trying to sell us this shitty bill. You got 180k from big pharmacy to push it
GOP bill cuts spending on Medicaid by 26% by 2026. That's where the savings come from. Remember Trump promised no Medicaid cuts.

Not enough to cover the current level of services. Your constituents r smarter than you think, they undrstnd inflation. So do @marcorubio's
Obama blew up Medicaid to what it wasn't intended to be as a precursor to univ health care. Now Rep's are trying to rain it in.
Republicans should remind themselves that Senate Health Bill breaks all the promises they made abt what Obamacare repeal would accomplish.
Politically, what do Republicans think would happen in 2018 if, as the CBO says, 15 million people lose coverage and premiums go 20% higher?
CBO on effect of Senate bill's high premiums and deductibles: "despite tax credits, few low-income people would purchase any plan"
Thou shalt not kill. Thou shalt not commit adultery. Thou shalt not steal.Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor.
Let's stop subsidizing those who can pay for health insurance, 137% of poverty is way over board. Help those who really need it
Or 880 billion taxcuts? Stop lying! Own it!
In all states?
To be 2017 in US and still battling @GOP regarding our healthcare is a testament to how inept and corrupt this party is.

free market healthcare so I can go buy what I want for the price I want. I dont need YOU to make my choices for me. This is not hard.
@dscc If you are so giddy about this horrendous bill, put UR money where UR mouth is and give up UR medical plan & use this one.
#saveaca   @johncornyn, is that greater than inflation or correct for population increase, or is this just generation genocide factoring
Lower than the rate of medical inflation. That's a cut for anyone old enough to have taken basic economics.
Are you going to care for my 6yo with brain damage, a gtube, & has physical and cognitive disabilities?
Cronus ate his children.  Cronyn prefers to throw cildren off Medicaid.
UM.... not according to the wording in the bill you passed. It goes up for long enough for you to create ads, then is SLASHED.
http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/premiums-under-the-senate-better-care-reconciliation-act/ …  Wow.... the #GOP is hoping to destroy American families!!! Unbelievable.
...after it is cut. Do you think people (your constituents) are going to be fooled by childish wordplay?
Can you link to the part that backs that up? Or are you just lying to people, hoping they die before they realize it?
You know what is hilarious, John? That you rebut a sourced statement with word vomit.
Death panels: "States will face intense fiscal pressure to reduce benefits, cut provider rates and keep higher-cost people off Medicaid,"
We need Independents Day from Govt forced healthcare.  Get rid of it.
Not whole truth! AND you forgot to mention the 880 Billion from budget cuts proposed by @realDonaldTrump  Come on DEFEND what you wrote!
Yeah, John, the point is that the rate is being cut to an unbearably low level that doesn't keep up with growth of costs
So why does the CBO say that your bill will cut $720 billion from Medicaid? Do you really want to see so many hospital closures?
Medicaid spending will be reduced year after year under BCRA:
Keep up the good work!
That's a half truth. 2.5 mil Texans will lose coverage, 2nd only to CA. Physicians will continue to take care of the people you've abandoned
What do you care?Texas didn't do expansion.As someone with no insurance, job, has pre-existing condition&can't work, thanks. #TrumpcareKills

If you want to speak to a human staffer for @JohnCornyn call his east TX office in Tyler at 903-593-0902. Please RT
why? What would change? The 1 thing i am sure of is Cornyn couldn't care less about people like me.
You will have done your civic duty, and he might be aware that he's doing something his constituents don't want.
People like @JohnCornyn want you to tune out and give up. Don't do it, even if he doesn't care.
Who in their right mind would fall for this nonsense? You are cutting it by $800 billion. Why is your greed so insatiable?
Ask him
If you want to speak to a human staffer for @JohnCornyn call his east TX office in Tyler at 903-593-0902. Please RT
Oh I do! I have his D.C., Austin, and Dallas numbers on speed dial. I also fax him.
A human life will go up everyday...do you want to protect Americans?
stop lying
Tell him
If you want to speak to a human staffer for @JohnCornyn call his east TX office in Tyler at 903-593-0902. Please RT
Texans deserve better - DEFEAT John Cornyn. Unfortunately you need to wait until 2020, but let's start NOW!!!
The middle class will get royally screwed. lifetime limits, excluded coverage, phaseout on tax credits, and increased premiums next 2yrs.
@dscc @CNNMoney that's a damn lie. You are cutting Medicaid by 800 billion dollars
So people like 7-yr-old Caroline who rely on addt'l lifesaving support from Medicaid need to wait a year and hope?!
Sens @JohnCornyn & @tedcruz join Sen Collins, vote No, Fix ACA. Bill allows TX to deny  maternity care & restricts  repro freedom (77030)

If you want to speak to a human staffer for @JohnCornyn call his east TX office in Tyler at 903-593-0902. Please RT
Stop. Just stop. The voters don't want this bill. It helps no one but the rich.
Tell him
If you want to speak to a human staffer for @JohnCornyn call his east TX office in Tyler at 903-593-0902. Please RT
This is what resignation looks like. It's not worth the fight, Senator Cornyn. That CBO score will do you and the Repubs no favors.
Have you heart what your constituents need in a healthcare bill? My bad, you don't hold town halls or answer your phones

If you want to speak to a human staffer for @JohnCornyn call his east TX office in Tyler at 903-593-0902. Please RT
I didn't go to a school on a DeVos voucher, so I'm not falling for your faulty math.
Deaths will go up as Medicaid spending goes down.    @johncornyn doesn't care about people, just money.
Your voicemail is full Senator. How many of those calls are for this bill?

If you want to speak to a human staffer for @JohnCornyn call his east TX office in Tyler at 903-593-0902. Please RT
These tweets don't ever seem to go well for you, John.
"Increased spending" doesn't help much when you restrict accessibility. ACA rollback = no Medicaid for adults (18-64) w/out children.
Dump this in favor of just repeal the original.
Go up (by much less than needed to cover increasing medical costs)
We should believe that just because you say so? Quit channeling your Liar-In-Chief and provide references.
At a rate less than it is scheduled to go up currently, dramatically cutting funding for the most vulnerable citizens.


But would fall behind costs. So people kicked out of nursing homes, kids wouldn't get their meds. You've been lying from Day 1 on this. STOP
Increases would be minimal and would not be pegged to the actual rising cost of medical care. TrumpCare is terrible, John. Stop lying.
#FakeSenator
Mindless support for a bill none of your constituents believe in. Do better. Or start wearing your donors's logos on your suit jacket.

You mean after that first initial cut? Explain please.
He's afraid to face us. He knows what he's doing is wrong & he can't defend it.

If you want to speak to a human staffer for @JohnCornyn call his east TX office in Tyler at 903-593-0902. Please RT
It also helps to just start at the top of the list of offices & call till you get a person. Cruz's phs are on 1 system. Not sure abt Cornyn
I leave a message whenever I can bc if I can't talk to someone I'm pissed  lol 
https://twitter.com/mattyglesias/status/879441396553404416 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
It seems fitting that, with the #TrumpCare debate raging, I got this bill in the mail today from Ethan's most recent open heart surgery. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
This chart from the CBO report really says it all: low income Americans are asked to pay higher premiums for less generous coverage. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
A stunning pair of charts of the CBO report from my colleague @alv9n 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
1/ I haven’t tweeted much about healthcare because it’s a painful subject for me. But it’s important, so let me tell you my story 
That's contrary to what members of your own party are saying.

Lolwhut?

Do you just not have any conscience? How is that?
