The real heroes are the first responders and the real people in Texas.  Prayers to families who have lost their loved ones in this tragedy.
What have they done that is heroic? Have you thanked the Houston mayor?
Do you mean the Houston mayor who told citizens to defy/disregard the evacuation advisory from state and fed authorities?
There no good choices. We don't know how many lives would have been lost in a mass evacuation.No 
Mandatory/Voluntary evacuation order
There were no PERFECT choices. That's why courageous leadership, as shown by @GovAbbott, is crucial.
31 people have died in Houston due to Harvey. Over 100 died during the ecavc for Rita. Don't talk about things you don't know.
Two parishioners fm my former church died in flood on Sunday. Many, incl Turner, might like a chance to rethink evacuation decision.
Tell me how you evacuate 7 million people in two days?
Heroic? What?
Remember this??????????
They voted against wasteful spending that was put in the bill by politicians who wanted to take advantage of an emergency, not help people.
Wrong. Ted Cruz was lying:
Cruz and Cornyn only objected to NON-emergency spending in emergency bill.
That's nonsense. Been debunked. You're running with a days-old talking point. Brush up, Linda.
Seriously?  It was publicity and photo op.
What heroic response? He made a speech about crowd size, she wore stilletos, and he cut needed funding. So heroic. Idiot.
What did racist potus and flotus contribute? No mention of people who lost their lives. Hypocrite
Yes we do our job. You can count on that. But your time is up. Drain the swamp.
this true?
Did y'all give em some stickers to  put on the big maps?  Give credit to the real heroes not those that would not care a lick if not forced
First responders and selfless voluteers deserve the credit. What impact POTUS and FLOTUS have remains to be seen.

Tweeting about a book, Missouri, and the wall-REAL HEROIC. Not stepping foot in Houston or the places near Corpus ACTUALLY affected? #MAGA
They care!
What did Trump do? Have a photo op in Corpus? Now he's selling hats like the one in the photos, for his own benefit.
POTUS "heroic response" really???
Bottled water, dry land, no victims in sight.  Not sure who or how they think they are helping
But they didn't do anything. Didn't speak with victims. Didn't see any damage. Nothing. Nada. Zip!


Waiting......... for this heroic response after the fashion show and rally
Sorry, I sure didn't see Trump or wifey in the water helping people get out!  I also didn't hear any empathy for these poor people!
Not sure why POTUS and FLOTUS are being thanked for showing up. Thanks to the many who are on the ground, in the waters and helping others.
Texas citizens are the heroes, certainly not Trump and wife. What did they do that was heroic?
@GOP Self aggrandizing again. Stop it!
Sitting there in a stupid baseball hat that you're trying to hawk on the internet is not a 'heoric response.' #Resist
This recovery effort will be Trump's top achievement of the year. Flooding happened in MO months ago @POTUS help my area as well.
@jessebwatters what did you said about NK and there maps on the table?
Now get back to D.C. and get on with TAX CUTS & REPEAL OBAMACARE TOTALLY. THEN replace it over next 2 yrs while it phases out!
I can't believe all the stupid people making comments on here I wish they would grow up and become adults
POTUS was just trying to sell caps.
POTUS & FLOTUS did nothing!

So heroic for the leader of this country to not get his hands dirty, to comfort... It was about him again... Hitler will love you in hell.
Really he was slinging his hats Nd talking crowd size get real he failed epically
Hats are only $40. I'm sure he can use the money.
Are you kidding me.

Where's the roll-my-eyes button?
Real heroics are happening with those people in boats saving people and animals from their homes and/or drowning.
Did you buy a hat?
Thank you FLOTUS and POTUS for your heroic efforts?For what, showing up for a photo up in his new hat...real heroic
Did I miss something? Cus I live in Houston Texas and didn't see potus or his care taker do anything.
,,
What did they do, the people to thank are the Texas people, showing up on their hats  for a photo op is a very low bar
@GOP New Jersey is still recovering from Sandy. Thanks for your NO vote on aid.
Thank you President Obama for spending the money and putting the people in place to make FEMA and effective organization. Great job.
The best part?  Then Senator Obama went to meet Katrina evacuees after the storm.
Do you blame Obama for Pearl Harbor too?
Is a portion of the Trump hats sales going to the relief effort?
Never forget this
HEROIC?  So many videos out there of actual hero's not a bunch of politician's posing for photo ops.....
"What a crowd!" & teetering on high heels is a heroic response to ppl who escaped flood w/nothing & lost homes?
Got any figures on how many MAGA hats he sold 250 miles away from Houston?
Huh .. ? Criminal trump used it as a rally .. little else
@GOP yeah, thanks for the useless dog and pony show.
Thanking the 2 Soviet spies in chief for what exactly? Texans helped themselves through this disaster with sheer grit!
Trump will never be presidential! NEVER!!
Barack Obama with a victim of Hurricane Sandy. 
Great crowd!
Heroic?  Flotus sat there w/ her name on her hat looking stupid & husband looking equally as stupid boasted about crowd size & did nothing
Yeah all that talk about crowd size and FLOTUS's stilettos sure made a difference!
Looks like you have some brown on your nose @JohnCornyn. The people have spoken. Impeach.
POTUS-FLOTUS kind of sounds like Flotsam and jetsam . Cronyn kind of sounds like a kiss-ass.
LOL They did nothing other presidents has done it far better.
What in the world r u talking about?@realDonaldTrump talked abt his crowds agin.He didn't do squat but trophy wife did her job.PropagandaGOP
Thanks to state and local officials and the American people. Your lord and queen and their regime deserve absolutely no praise.
What did the POTUS and FLOTUS do, exactly that they deserve first billing?
Disgusting.
What did they do?  He acted like it was a campaign rally.  Stop being such a toady
Tell the Fraud and the Floozy to stay out of Houston. we don't need another epic disaster around here.
Did Trump mention building The Wall while he was there?
Still want The Wall?  Evacuate to top of The Wall next time!  It will be "high" ground!
What goes around comes around! YOU VOTED "NO" FOR HURRICANE SANDY AID! Still want The Wall?Or want that money to rebuild instead?
What do you think they did, you suck up?

Not a damn thing, John.
#johncornyndunderhead
No, Didn't hear trump address the victims and police officer steve perez how lost his life
Surprised you didn't add the #USA45 cap sale link here.
Cornyn has been around the block, he knows that a millimeter of separation and slight abstraction is all it takes to shield crony capitalism
Disgusting visit. Didn't even mention victims just you and Cruz.
Traffic for his entourage.
How can you thank someone who did nothing but hinder people from doing what they needed to do. Sat in traffic taking food to those in need.
Heroic response? You disgust me. He praised the crowd. 
What did Trump do that was "heroic"?
Partisan hack.
Please do not thank POTUS and FLOTUS, it demeans the efforts of anybody that ACTUALLY is helping.  Stop ass kissing and start caring.
He's gotten so much wrong, I do hope with this he gets it right.

Friend of mine works in FEMA. Says "Those being rescued are from Citizens." "We are not fully on ground." "Trump is lying." "No plan."

Yes, it was a perfect chance to advertise the $40 hat the trumPutin was wearing for his website. Don't forget the constitution toilet paper.
"Heroic"?
Are you high?
Joys of giving & helping are priceless !!!
Really, John? POTUS priority = ratings, stopped flood infrastructure regulations Obama put in place, GOP not supported Sandy aide. Hypocrite
Should they carefully scrutinize releif funding bill.  Don't want Texas taking pork.
I've been through Katrina, & flooded last year in Ascension Parish. The help I got from the Feds, fits in a matchbox. Don't expect gov. help
Conservatives in the TX congressional delegation campaign strongly against having empathy for others.
Are you really thanking Trump for standing there waving a Texas flag gushing about the crowd size during Hurricane disaster review?
John C. Sir...ALL of the REPUBLICANS ""HAVE TO COME TOGETHER AND SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP..."" WE THE PEOPLE ARE FED UP WITH THE FIGHTING
Hopefully NJ and NY won't be vindictive and petty like you were with Hurricane Sandy.
He sounded like a complete idiot. He said nothing of substance and even if he had he is a liar and not good for his word anyway. Nightmare.
@realDonaldTrump 
Get along
Long Term
Water
Wind
4 Congressmen
Cruz and Cornyn
Expensive
Historic
Damage
NOT ONE MENTION OF VICTIMS OR HEROS
do red states receive welfare from blue states?
Of course they do. Rural communities are suffering and in need of assistance & liberals are all about improving the lives of others
What did the President and Ms Stilettos bring for Victims....anything...anything?
Closest you've gotten to a Town Hall.
u going to leech tax money from blue states? red states don't pay as much tax because they r low energy. double check me
Thanks fellow citizens, mayor Turner, HPD, and HFd. John, you just stay comfortable
What a crowd! Sounds like Rodney Dangerfield!
Please help the President to help Texas.
Are you not horribly humbled that folks came to your aid when you didn't care to help Hurricane Sandy victims? #shameonyou
He didn't do shit. Just added another disaster to our disaster.
OL PUS AND HO PUS did nothing but self congratulatory blah blah blah. #TexasStrong #HoustonFloods
And in your warped upsidedown world, POTUS is a hero. Your brown nose stinks!
Tell Melania to be careful at border checkpoints.  Under Trump's policy, she is a deportation priority. #MAGA
Bootlicker!  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/msnbc-ted-cruz-hurricane-sandy-relief_us_59a4e5e9e4b0446b3b860d59 …
I'm sorry, but FLOTUS is heroic???
It takes real guts to wear 8 inch stilettos during a flood.
Meanwhile ORANGE COUNTY is not included in the disaster declaration. HELP
But what about.....
Go straight to:  H E DOUBLE HOCKEY STICKS! #ImpeachTrump
http://www.freedomworks.org/content/senator-john-cornyns-top-ten-bad-votes …
Nobody has forgotten you voted against relief for Hurricane Sandy, you hypocritical nonentity, sucking up to donors & ignoring constituents.
I hope @FLOTUS' #White designer sneakers didn't get dirty. Gonna vote "yes" on fed aid this time, John? (DO IT!)
#Hypocrite
#IdiotInChief
https://www.cornyn.senate.gov/content/senator-cornyns-fight-end-obamacare …

Somebody should have told her to leave the heels at home
How much have they donated?  It is just a photo opt and a chance for Sara Sanders not to have a daily press briefing.
What a great photo op! Looks like not one person has ever had dirt under finger nails. Or worked up a sweat! Good job Shitty!
Charles Bujan has quite the stink eye going in this shot.
Photo opp diverting resources. @realDonaldTrump doesn't care about Texans other than their vote. Sad.
It is what Trump does. & the GOP expects us to fall for it every time
Recovery? It's still raining & flooding John with more to come so rescue would be more appropriate. BTW don't forget to vote yes on relief.
He's literally sitting there holding his hands.   Did you have another picture showing a heroic response?
I'm sorry but WHAT? How the hell are they any where close to heroic? Dont see any action worth a medal.
Hows that recovery money coming along?
That looks heroic of the President indeed, actually his chair looks more heroic though.
Request the activation of Army Reserves and Army forces to assist in Houston rescue effort. Troop carriers needed for High Water Rescue.
That might cost to much.
Give thanks where thanks are due. Grateful to all private heroes who have helped rescue 1000s from flooding!
Will give thanks to @POTUS after he sees this through. This is merely the beginning! Recovery will take years!
He thinks the crowds of people are there for him. He thinks the Hurricane happened to boost his ratings.
Heroic??? The heroes are on boats and helo's saving lives right now.
Oh no, Trump promised he will fix this immediately.
You are magnmus disappointment like your king.  Texas is hurting like Sandy shame on you. Look at yourself. sick
Yeah thanks for recinding Obamas flood risk rules, toad.
You are a propaganda tool.
@tedCruz what a bunch of low life hypocrites! Begging 4 help 4 Texans but doing their hatred best when Sandy hit the East! #gop
@potus and @flotus are worthless and have done such incredible damage to this nation.
Thank the heroic fellow Texans, period. You and the freak show deserve no credit. Harvey & the suffering is NOT a political platform, Igor.
Drag him, Deb!
Your lord and master and his dogs did nothing until the people called them out. Like you did during hurricane Sandy.
suggested edit to your tweet "thanks state & local officials and fellow Texans for heroic response"
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
If you live and shop in Texas at H-E-B, you can donate to a Houston victims fund at checkout. But be SURE to ASK about it.
Hey John, @POTUS & @FLOTUS did NOTHING heroic. #HurricaneHarvey #TrumpisUnfit
They haven't done anything for Houston! NOT A DAMN THING! We are helping ourselves!
Texans heroic. FLOTUS POTUS not so much. Give credit where it's due.
What a colossal a**hole.
I thank local officials & fellow Texans for heroic response, but not to POTUS , FLOTUS or cabinet until real aid comes for Texans.
Minus #POTUS and #FLOTUS. You are such a #sycophant John.
It's not peak ratings hr yet John. Make sure to RT at 8pm. Oh wait, I'm sure he will RT it himself then
Texans, Out of state volunteers & All helping deserve the Thanks.Theyre doing the Real Heroic work. POTUS & Admin came for PR move & gawking
Do not lump the Trumps in with actual heroes.
and ill try to not lump you in with everyone else as Americans
Visit BillBuster's Sport Fishing when Port Aransas is cleaned and fixed up! Looks like at least one of their boats is still floating@Woody's
He is an EMBARRASSMENT.
So brave. Much wow, sitting there taking photos. 
Love how they need to label the their hats so we know who they are.
We're not in recovery phase yet.
Way to go John!
Sycophant ass kissing for what?
@POTUS hasn't done anything!
Govt agencies are responding as they should
Pathetic&spineless
The circus is in town!
Don't fund a wall, fund recovery. It's in your hands.
You are a bad man.
Unbelievable how you remain so tone deaf. The storm is ongoing for about 15 million in Texas and Louisiana.
We won't forget.
