Actually, that one question is main point of contention https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/893850715696885763 …
No. Govt must be separate. 1st amendment is explicit: Congress shall make no law on freedom of press. 14th expands it to govt. #journalism
It goes right back to FREEDOM of the press. THEY have the freedom to get the evidence however they can find it,period ! How'd you get it ?
Falling in trap? Going aftr journalists is plan! Muslims, immigrants, LGBTQ, now this. GOP shld be proud! Enjoy term-cntry soon majty brwn!
probably not breitbart!
You are advocating government controlled media --- NOT the American way. Respect the Bill of Rights
Reporters define who is reporter. Free press shouldn't be limited to govt approvd reportrs, and you should know that by now. Why is this a ?
Sad that you even think defining "reporter" is a problem. Constitution's clear about it. "Free press ... shall not be abridged"
And the court case you linked to later, from 2014? Risen was not jailed, because US AG knew it was a bad idea. Anything that reduces press -
- freedom in the name of "protecting journalists" is a bad idea. Repubs are well known for calling something "Freedom" meaning "Not Really"
You are accountable to your constituents. If one of them asks you a question, is that question not protected by the 1st amendment?
As a senator of the US, that makes you accountable to all Americans, even reporters. Don't like the question? Reply "no comment"￼
No media shield laws. Media must be held accountable for factual statements. Left & right extremists outlets need to be shut down
I know especially when you have a habit of quoting/re-publishing any article that supports your or GOP position, regardless of how suspect!
Considering the @WhiteHouse has given "credentials" to EXTEME right-wing propagandists, I don't think the @GOP is qualified to answer that.
You should be ashamed. This is a dangerous game you're playing.
Why would be up to gov to define what a journalist is? Do you even Open Society, bro? #statistthink
Just retire, you've failed enough for one lifetime, failure.
Oh I bet you and trump will only define people who report positively on you as media/reporter.
Why question the free press when you lack transparency? #NotNormal #NotOkay #1stAmendment
If we leave that to the govt, no one will be bc it's all "fake news", right?
Reporters do not deserve respect when they violate the law. There are laws on the books about libel and slander.#Accountability
You would have been a perfect FBI Director in a Trump administration.
if POTUS was not trying to strip/limit legit news orgs/reporters you would not have kickback (attempts to protect media)
Stop while youre behind
You & your party are incapable  of writing healthcare bill so kindly keep your ignorant hands of of our free press
I would like to report that I don't like your opinion on reporters having opinions. 
So there! 
Na-na-na-na-boo-boo!
Resign already. Take Trumpster with ya.
@JohnCornyn , do yo believe that Michael Flynn should still be the NSA?
Dude, you think Hannity is a reporter & link to Fox. So stop. Just stop.
He thinks the same about Breitbart. Repeating myself: zero credibility. He's just a Dem hating old man riding the Koch horse.
Yes he is. Which is why I will campaign strongly for anyone who runs against him. If necessary I'll run
Great, get in touch with a http://brandnewcongress.com  or http://Ourrevolution.com  for training and support.
When and where is your Town Hall,Texas voters would like to discuss healthcare,the f'ing wall,and http://Russia.Healthcare ,f'ing wall,Russia
Have you read about journalism during founding of this country & early battles over assumption, French rev? Why would gov define?
F  NO ! And you know it!!!!
The government doesn't and shouldn't define who is a reporter. 
There are so many forms of media now.
It is not government's place to define who reports the news, or the message.  This statement is trampling on the 1st amendment. Careful.
Guessing this is posted by staff, not @johncornyn. If so - u guys need to think twice. U r losing a lot of his local support with this crap
Actually, following MSM for the past two years, you would have to say there are no 'reporters' anymore.
Well, you fail the definition of Senator. You folks have done nothing this year. Take your 12% approval walkin'. Your salary is theft.
NO.  The government absolutely does not define.  Are you serious to think the idiots in congress can define anything?
Unequivocally no. The government does not get to decide who or what a reporter is. Why would you even ask? That you did is problematic.
I thought Republicans wanted limited government? Now you are taking about government defining what a reporter is?
They can't seem to make up their damn mind
No. The readers define.
Amazing! An actual thought provoking question from John Cornyn???
“There are people inside the administration that think it is their job to save America from this president.” The 'Mooch'
These are reasonable questions, but I hope they suggest you accept the basic principle of journalistic privilege.
As a senator I thought you'd care about upholding the FIRST Amendment. Congress shall make NO LAW that infringes on freedom of the press.
Whosoever publishes information that is in the public interest must be shielded.  (PI as defined in existing case law.)
...note this shielding only for subpoenas to reveal sources, nothing else.
One problem is defining who is acting in Senate on behalf of corporate donors. Do corporate donors define?
2/2 Politicians should concede the value of reporting. I'd protect you to tell a story. What if Mitchell had stopped Woodward & Bernstein?
EXACTLY.
The Media is not above the Law
A shield law should protect those doing serious reporting. First step in determining who is covered is talking w/journos. We're experts 1/2
Your ship is sinking. Deal with it.
Essentially you're arguing with yourself? #Cornynemptysuit
Actually that is a thought provoking question.  This may help define/issue over "fake news".
I don't believe so, Senator. There have been court decisions on that already, I believe.
A journalist is anyone, all the people commenting here even in negative are journalists.  It should be defined by the individual not gov.
You raise a good question. For future reference, FoxNews & Breitbart do not employ reporters bc they're not journalism.
A reporter is one who finds inconvenient truths. Embarrassing, ethical or criminal truths that some people don't want found. Ur thoghts
No.
I think it's like Justice Stewart's quote about defining obscenity - I know it when I see it.
You GOP guys are so WEAK! U are a freaking US Senator can't U pass a bill to define who's a reporter. I agree bloggers & rag sheets are not

no corruption then nothing to leak. You have been tweeting a lot about leaking. What are you hiding John? It will come out.
That's an important question. Do "citizen journalists" count? In likely court cases going forward, decisions will turn on specific context.
My belief is that if the media receives classified info from a leaker it should NOT be published/aired. If it is, then media is traitor too.
Does government define who is a reporter? Never, ever; that one is off the table.
You have no credibility or integrity. Just stop.
What did Thomas Paine do?
Why didnt Republican leadership inform  about  as our IC communities confidence grew? #TrumpRussia
NEVER FORGET that in September, McConnell reportedly rejected calls for a unified front against Russia & cast doubt on the intelligence. 5/ 
Go get em Session! Send all to jail!
Obama , clintons and a whole bunch more are worried people now. Hope they prosecute the whole out of them too! All of them are liars!
Folks you need to think a minute. Leaking news that's confidential is treason. Hope they prosecute the hell out of them.
You have nerve asking to define 'reporter' when trump quotes Fox, Infowars, & Breitbart.  And now he has his own FB propaganda show! #resist
why not use the same criteria for 'what is a religion'.
Maybe u could tell us and we'll follow u down into snake hole, this is still a democracy, though u r doing everthing u can to change that
Perhaps Sessions should look into the felons who are consuming this illegal information
An awful lot of angst about the press this morning. Is someone on your tail? Hiding something?
Doesn't need to be defined. It already is in the constitution. The people ARE the press. You are creating a non-argument. #CastroIn2020
Have argued for over a year now that news orgs should be accredited. Is indep of govt, opens the org to audits & QC. _Then_ defn "reporter".
This is a better question: perhaps who is and isn't a reporter etc. is a matter for SCOTUS.
...

Is Limbaugh a reporter? Why?
http://www.dmlp.org/legal-guide/promising-confidentiality-your-sources …
If it helps the 1st admen: pass it. Leaks aren't the presses fault, but the leakers.
Bannon ,Fox and Russia Bot are smearing McMasters and you say nothing
You have no problem with Fox and Hannity smearing people If no for the media we would have Flynn still defend Flynn
Meanwhile any madman can make his own "well-ordered militia" and stockpile an arsenal for nefarious ends.
there's no such thing as a reporter. "the press" in 1A means "publication" - at the time, a physical printing press. it's not a kind of job.
https://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/commentary/2017/08/03/tangled-web-connects-russian-oligarch-money-gop-campaigns … Did you receive funds? Is this appropriate?
Reporters don't kill democracy, people (like you) kill democracy.  Sound familiar? Defend the 1st amendment w/ same passion as u do the 2nd.
We should do away with all protected classes because it's so hard! I look forward to your bill to strip tax exemption from religious groups.
Why all the un named sources? Makes you wonder if they even exist. If a source makes a claim they should own it.
Don't take away anyone's 1st Amendment rights. #Unconstitutional #ImpeachTrump
Good digging from @KFILE

What does the constitution say, Senator? It says nothing of the sort. If they intended for govt to define "press", they would've done so.
News reporters must state verifiable source or caption on screen.
If the Constitution doesn’t define it, how can the government? Were not newspapers in the days of the founders, essentially todays bloggers?
right, "the press" means "publication" - it's not a kind of job, the way we use it today
Stop the lies and you'll stop the leaks, pretty simple.  The #American people deserve the truth!
Oh, and #VoteOutCornyn in 2020! #ByeJohn
#BetoforTexas
Its actually all a bunch of stupid because the laws are not being followed or applied in our quid pro quo lie of a legal system
Finally, a good question
So is this a rhetorical question or are you going to tell us your opinion so we actually know where you stand on an issue?
Is Julian Assange a reporter? Your party and @POTUS didn't have a problem with him releasing hacked and stolen gov't emails.
I am a big fan of @zerohedge . I also like @BreitbartNews , @DailyCaller
Facts determine if they are a true reporter! False statement reporting is not Journalism!
Simple answer, no because it gives the government a way to circumvent freedom of the press.
Sadly, it has been a while since truth defined legitimacy. I trust new media far more than the vintage media.
#NoRaise #NoMuslimBan #NoTravelBan #NoWall

"This is the health care story that nobody talks about.” Thanks to @SteveKoff for this important read. http://www.cleveland.com/nation/index.ssf/2017/08/trump_administration_wants_to.html …
If you're an employee of the government I'd say that's self evident. Article 1 was purposefully written in plain easy to understand English

This physician/insurance company CEO says that #ACA isn't failing.
It's being sabotaged by Trump.
…

Watch this Canadian doctor own a GOP senator on universal health care in 2014 

"Chechnyan attacks against #LGBTQ community are terrifying.We can't turn our back on global #HumanRights atrocities" https://www.hrc.org/blog/five-horrific-testimonies-in-lgbt-networks-report-highlights-chechnyas-atro …




Pictures say more than a thousand words 

Our statement on Jeff Sessions' disturbing press conference announcing a crackdown on leaks and journalism https://freedom.press/news/statement-jeff-sessions-disturbing-press-conference-announcing-crackdown-leaks-and-journalism/ … 
You are awful.
