Thank you, you are very generous, Mr President Donald J.Trump!
Dude, your tax money goes to pay for this, you know that, right?!
Sure, as long as Kelly is holding his hand. Trump the climate change denyer just cut funding for flood infrastructure- so counterproductive.
"Democratic Nazis?!"  Hahahahaha that's rich
Lol wow you need to get out more, pal, there's a whole big Universe to explore. Stop spewing and start asking questions. You'll be amazed!
Why can't liberals just stop hating 4 now & come together for Texas & Louisiana-Can't we all just be AMERICANS for now&SUPPORT POTUS &ADMIN
No Trumps a criminal.
Please state FACTS that he is a criminal- you do have him mistaken with Crooked Hillary & Obamanation- which there is lots of proof for
It's coming sweetie it's coming
LMAO-DREAM ON -SWEETIE-The ONLY thing coming is Crooked Hillary, Obamanation & their LibTarded CORRUPT crew FINALLY getting prosecuted
O baby cakes you can visit him in jail when the time comes.
He's our hero!
Maybe yours.
Respect! @LouisianaGov
It was soooo difficult.
Thank You And God Bless The People Of Louisiana !!
There are more important people to thank for this
Thank you for saying so!  Much respect for you!!!!
See Mr Trump is a good man and we love him

Calling Grassley is so about the pee pee tapes. Trump doesn't want Fusion testimony released. Obstruct of justice?
Yeah, because heaven forbid that Superstorm SANDY got any relief funds, but you? Oh lawd you MUST have it now!

#Hypocrites
Doing good here Gov.
Hope @POTUS remembers to bring the play dough when he visits Texas.
Wow, if you're the mother of a child huddling in a shelter & you just lost EVERYTHING you own...that Play-Do will look like gold 2 your kids
I totally agree. They make me sick.
They already have, they started screaming about his "waiting," ignoring that's the Governors had to ask for help
They did!  Oh you miss that part.
Wow. I'm so impressed. He can make phone calls.
Please try to think of one thing nice to say. You just may feel better for it. Dems & GOP working, praying together
Good luck. Still dreaming?
Yes, dreaming was all. Ordinary people come together. MSM make it appear false showing extremists on both sides, which is small % of society
Brownoser
I think the quick response is due to Gov. Abbott thinking and planning ahead, Trump just showed up.
Yeah democrats, put that in your pot pipe and smoke it! LOVE MY PRESIDENT 
We love our @POTUS
Why?  You like being lied too?.
Thank you for being an honorable Gov.  @LouisianaGov  Proves that you care about all your people, not politics!  God Bless
Just Imagine what would Happen if all Republican leaders Stand Together with My President Trump Great Job
Are you talking about his response of "good luck" or "thanks"? He has spent his day tweeting about the wall.  Come on trump Texas needs help
Um, the Governor just thanked him 4 his help. Is there something u no that he doesnt?
There's a lot we know that he doesn't!!  Lol
I hate to say this but they are all Republicans but we'll see !!!!!
Dude. This is about humanity. Nobody's asking for voter registration cards before they rescue anybody!
The mayor of Dallas said you don't need any help. I'm keeping that in mind, so no donation from me.
Same here. The Trump Administration has been amazing to Texas!  God Bless our neighbors in Louisiana.
Dummocrats? Seriously dude? This is the dumbest name you trumpsters have come up with yet.Keep thinking we are just sitting on our hands.
It will make it easier to take y'all down come mid-terms. Oh and I would take a socialist over a fascist any day. Wake up dude.
All officials in Texas saying -Never seen such quick & full engagement-@POTUS is & has ALL cabinet sec. FEMA etc. fully engaged in response
That's because #Pence is in charge of the Hurricane Harvey response. @POTUS is at Camp David alone.
WRONG!-STOP LYING-just more LIBERAL FAKE NEWS-He has been personally eng.as per ALL Tex officials-So sad you just can't see beyond your hate
It's a wonder he could stop enthusing about Hurricane Harvey's historic ratings long enough to listen to you.
He still full of it. Let's see how quick he responds to Texas and does not offer the state of Louisiana any help.
Can you NOT read? The LA govermor has praised our @POTUS and his staff for all they have done. & This is NOT over by a long shot.
Im speaking in general
In general, @POTUS has been on this for about 3 weeks. Speaking to governors, mayors, his staff and agencies, daily,preparing for the worst.
Our President is doing a great job, regardless of what the Infected crazies say! Love my President Trump 
We are all with you and the citizens of Louisiana. @POTUS has your back and will never let Louisiana down. Stay safe! #HarveyFloods
Thank you for not politicizing this! #texasstrong
About time, Obummer and Bushwacker.dissed Louisiana. Stand proud and tall Texas,this too shall pass
It's great that you can be civil. Probably the reason you are a good politician. Watch out, though. He's a snake.
Ignor those dividing our country they are not intelligent enough to understand
Thank you gov.john bel Edwards Louisiana glad president trump is planning on coming to your state prayers to you all.
BLAH BLAH BLAH
That's because he cares about people. Unlike our previous president
Glad to see he is attempting to do his job
What's Trump done?  He said that he was going to send aid.  Has he?
@TeamTrump @POTUS @realDonaldTrump former presidents allowed devastation.Obama did nothing during catastrophic situation
Yup! a @POTUS who does care about America and the people!  Unlike #ObamaFraud golfing the whole time!
#Anitfamous #AntifaGoons #Unemployable #RipOffTheMask #Retweet #DemocratStormTroopers #LeftistViolence
get Joel Osteen to open his big church
Lots of praise going around. How about saving some ppl?
Maybe the support he has shown for your state will be returned after the disaster is passed!!  Like your support for him???
Thank you Gov. We are all praying for your people.
What about my NOLA home who flooded 2 weeks ago because of government curruption not fixing the pumps? I have nothing now..

#JBEOneTerm did lousy job handling the flood of home town during August 2016 Flood. JBE spent millions creating survey long after flood 1/3
2/3 occurred. JBE had no idea how many people were affected by catastrophic flooding when he requested assistance from Feds.
3/3  Still have friends living in gutted home!

Put Federal Money to GOOD USE
Start with the PUMPS in 
New Orleans
Not in the pockets of 
Crooked Politicians 
Trump should request Receipt
Must be a relief to depend on a REAL POTUS instead of a GOLFING DO NOTHING POTUS Like Obama
We are blessed to have a great POTUS who loves and cares for the people who elected him God bless President Trump
Fantastic job all around. Keep up the great work!
#MAGA
@TeamTrump @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Support our Great POTUS, Trump and MAGA!!
Trump is amazing! He's very prepared for this.
Of course this is how real leaders in the worlds greatest of all countries work together, they put the needs of the people 1st. Hats off 2 U
The best wishes & prayers of Americans across the country are with you. Take care & God bless you!!
Trump don't play
You talked to him like Dogshit when @POTUS came to help on the last #LouisianaFlood #ObamaBot
Wondering if Edwards is coming up for re election soon and is riding Trump's coat tails to get re elected?
Ain't gonna happen. He is a ObamaBot. Ruining our jobs and economy and raised Taxes.
@realDonaldTrump doesn't play around!
WHAT ABOUT VERNON PARISH RIGHT OVER BEAUREGARD LINE?????
Trump is the real deal folks!
Thank you for letting us know. We are very proud of President Trump! 
god bless Texas
Thank you, prayers sent for the good people of LA from a deplorable in SoCal#AmericaFirst #MAGA
I am sure he was glad to here from you.
Damn straight you did.
what else has @potus done? oh, I forgot... self-grandiosity for the racist sheriff while 1,000's are suffering. Not a president, not a human

God bless Louisiana and may he keep your people safe. Prayers for all of you. 
Can you PLEASE force south LA schools to close tomorrow?! It's insane to put all of our kids in buses when the weather is at its worst
I AM PRAYING FOR YOU ALL DURING THIS CHALLENGING TIME. I AM GOING TO BE DONATING CLOTHING. XOXOX
Thank you Sir! God Bless Texans and America. Where neighbors help neighbors.
Tell your Senators to approve appts. How can U trust monies with hold overs. You can't Political problems a no vote away.
Shit
Invite him to Baton Rouge NOT New Orleans.
It's important for government officials to be an example and work together for the good of the people. TY sir for your tweet & TY @POTUS
The gov has to address both accounts because he's not sure which mood the guy's in at the moment?
God Bless Folks in LA! 
Glad @realDonaldTrump is Johnny on the spot with quick action. Oh, he is a Republican by the way. Even helps Dem governors when he can.
An honorable statement. Grateful you are our governor. Hope you will look more seriously at the causes of climate change & state's future.
Don't thank Trump. It's not his money.
Ok 
#foxnews nice to have a president that really cares about the people not politics.  MAGA!!!
His strength comes from a GOOD heart and conviction withstanding vicious disrespect. CNN Never stops trashing him. Even now. True Colors
Thank you sir. 
And thank you for caring about the people that depend on you first.
More @POTUS kudos the Left will ignore..and sadly, sheep only gulp what MSM feeds them. Zero critical thinking abilities.
FROM CONCERNED LIBERAL: DJT you are doing a good job so far on Hurricane Harvey. Keep focused!!
Praying for all of you!
So after you guys stop congratulating each other you might want to think about helping the poor people in Texas.
So pleased Trump was there when you needed him and unlike you being there when he needs you. Look in the mirror.
Funny how that works isn't it. He was there during the BR floods Obama was golfing Hillary was coughing.
good luck to LA hope you don't get flooded. Misery does not want company!
Seems to me like @realDonaldTrump wants to support all citizens regardless of their political party Obama didn't help TX with the fires
I hope it's not as bad for you as it has been in Houston.  Good luck.
Thank you Gov. Edwards for making this about people, not politics.

Thank you from Calcasieu!
Thank you for your tweet sir! Time to bring country together! We cannot let the media divide us
The ppl of Texas are Americans and need our support, no matter what side they support
Thank you for your leadership and supporting our @POTUS
Keeping Texas in my thoughts and prayers. God Bless you all. Thank you Mr. President for all you have done 
Now, get behind him and tell your colleagues the same!
Ther you go 
Yeah, he worked very hard, he even pardoned a criminal during the storm
Such BS, He cut the FEMA and coast guard budgets. Maybe thats why Texas authorities are calling for volunteers with boats. #notmypresident
Are you kidding right now? There aren't enough boats! Not enough of anything. Good Ppl want to help others. Unlike you!
Now if you could only keep the pumps working in New Orleans @LouisianaGov  unfortunately they have Terrible Mayor!
.@Acosta... More from the since you asked file...
Should've told him what a POS he is.
Pence
You better follow up and make sure he does the paperwork. Just sayin.
Better response than Obama gave nj
Trump and his administration are doing a stellar job!! Even the lefty loons know it!! #MAGA
You called it right to evacuate if you could!  Good job!
Utterly disgusting!
Obama is still playing golf 

Prayers for Texas. Difficult times ahead for your citizens. We in NYC are sending supplies your way.
Prayers for Texas
Are you jokin?? You seriously thank this guy anymore?? I wonder how much more is needed to get rid of the Republican embarassment Trump.
Glad to see you put partisanship aside to thank him. He won't let us down
Are you high?  He's been tweeting about his wins and some nut job's book.
Thank you for being a great leader, Governor!
#JBEOneTerm worst Governor ever!
Let's see the liberal Dems try and turn this around
Thank you, sir, and keep up the good work.
DJT doesnt help himself when he tweets during a Disaster about book recommendations like @Oprah or brags about pardons as people r on roofs
The real sign of @POTUS doing anything will be the months and years afterwards cleaning up and funding.
OK you Whiners @CNN @MSNBC have been doing a GREAT job reporting on this.  If you like @POTUS or not he has limited impact on immediate help
ITS HIS JOB!! Don't thank him ANY REAL PRESFIDENT WOULD THAT And MORE!!
What exactly is a PRESFIDENT?
Just spoke with @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and thanked him for the quick response to our emergency declaration request. #lawx #lagov
@POTUS gave emerg.declaration2Texas & Louisiana way before hurricane even made landfall-prep on ground day before it hit-have been fully eng
That's not all true.i like trump but I like truth. Obama had funds already ready for this .you can read up on it .
Our thoughts and prayers are with you and the folks of Louisiana!
Guess socialism isn't looking so bad right now.
You all have done a great job! 

So his tweeting from camp David really helped you huh? #ImpeachTrumpAndPence


Best post of the day
Thank you Governor, you have been more of a leader than the big Cheeto and the two dip shit Republican senators we have.
Shout it out on the National News because all I hear is how long it took to see Federal assistance.
Ppl in jersey are still without help from FEMA from Sandy and they don't pay much look at how many ppl were still in trailers in Louisiana
Kissing Trump's ass and making yourself relevant at the same time..
@TeamTrump @POTUS @realDonaldTrump thank you governor for saying that!
Umm looks like regular people doing the work out of goodness not politicians
@TeamTrump Good afternoon! Thanks for sharing! @LouisianaGov is prepared & ready to best serve the people of Louisiana...God bless! #Unity

Liberals never stop even in crisis tells you a lot what's in a liberals soul. Probably same people that needed to be told to evacuate.
Generalizations are lame.



Could you ask him to make a "presidential" comment about the disaster rather than plugging books and attacking Mexico on Twitter? Thanks.
He does, drop the Anti-Trump obsessions.

Yet the news media ignores reality in their quest to spread hate.
The MSM is America's enemy! Communist propaganda!
Prayers to the People of Louisiana!
The Trumpster is always ready and able to sign stuff...
... without even needing to read it ... details are so boring ... limited attention span ... where's the dotted line? I got a Tee time ...
Make me Frnd Plzz
Make sure you ask him about Felix Sater! 
Very proud of our President!
That makes exactly ONE.
No makes millions of Trump loving winners!
Half are Russian bots, the rest continue to wait 4 good jobs & services till they do but alas, the only ones “winning” are Trump businesses.
Did you also thank him for this: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/donald-trump-barack-obama-flood-protections-flooding-hurricane-harvey-houston-texas-a7916476.html … 
#Houston #HurricaneHarvey #flooding
You are referring to future infrastructure capital projects. What's that got to do with quickly getting help to people who need it?
Please read the article.It affects the flood situation NOW & will affect it later. Still my question remains:Did he also thank him for it?
Reread article. Affects nothing now. Environmental impact statement required to build new roads cover what was eliminated.
Thanks. You missed this part? Regulations have been scrapped already.
This is how a real American president responds! GOD bless @POTUS Thank you for your leadership! Praying for all affected by this.
you GOPhers will crawl back into the hole you dug for yourselves in 2018. FELIX THE CAT IS OUT OF THE BAG! #DUMPTRUMP
Stay safe! We're all Americans first.


Not much good if the cupboard is bare.



Did you even read the article????  Going after his black supporters and friends AGAIN???   WOW!!  Loonies right, left and middle.
Convicted thief. Dishonest. Crook






Yeah, Washington Post

So which is it....they hate Trump (pee tape) or love him... make up your mind. 

Btw....neither is true






How much are you getting paid to machine gun tweet your BS on every post?
Nothing. Thank you for calling attention to my tweets!
Trump is a disgrace to our country...pardoning a racist fool during a natural disaster!  Impeach him!
BOT
