Let's not forget, they own other humans as slaves. Happy Construction day y'all!!!!
And Christians, too. USA 
You supposed love yourself to succeed in life!
I'm sure Leftists would burn the constitution if they had the chance, for the usual reasons - racist,sexist, islamophobic,blah blah
When will this country wake up and realize a Soros-Obama socialist coup is underway?
Right out of Alinsky's book. Look around you...they even control 80% of our media.
they just didn't succeed with "gun control".
49% of the delegates to the constitutional convention owned slaves.
And 0% of Americans own them today.
Yes, but not until 1965 did the Constitution actually apply to most people.
Maybe if you have Fox & Friends talk about it tomorrow morning the president might be more apt to read it & understand what it means
there's got to be a troll in every group.
Well thanks for being the one here today, @67sanmartin!
Look! It's you! In the red hat!
A Convention of States could stop Soros-Obama etal with term limits.
Uh, we already have term limits for the presidency.
Got you
Isn't it sad we have a president that calls the Constitution archaic and tries to ignore it?
We had a president like that. His name was Hussein.
70 yoa F wants Draft!Ppl want.Others need.Big division.Define journalists.Identify opinion v NEWS/FACTS.Crybabies on their knees?Try PRAYING
Thats Great.
Sweet
Now we has a POTUS openly hostile to the first amendment. The founding fathers would have him tarred and feathered.
That is cute. Bet even geniuses must be accountable to the test of time. # EuclideanGeometry #EinsteinSpecialRelativity
@realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr And guess what Mitch? They didn't have a 60 vote rule in the Senate! Go Nuclear Option & help Trump #MAGA!
trump is making America terrible not great He is the Great Deceiver A devil who has betrayed the people and the Constitution
Happy Day!!
Thank you President Washington
230 years of growing and learning. Let's us go forward and stop those who wish to destroy the foundation of our country.
Yes
And now scream from their graves, NO NO...read it verbatim!!
But trump will He's the worst president this country could ever have elected Hope his base realizes their error in judgment someday soon
And it didn't include the 14th Amendment, which was never legitimately ratified. Nor was there federal income tax or bogus court rulings.
In Philadelphia.
It is impossible to rightly govern the world without God and the Bible. George Washington
...and if they were still alive today, they would kill themselves upon seeing what has happened to their country.
Nope not kill themselves! Look at the 2nd Amendment! They'd be cleaning up the swamp! Or should I say sewer?
You should show that document to @POTUS, I don't think he knows what it is.
And since the 1960's the Retarded Progressives have been using it has Toilet Paper! Sick S.O.B's.!!!
Need to show this to the left.
A great document, ignored by the left and activist judges. We were a better nation when Congress passed laws and    Judges didn't. God Bless
All these constitutional clowns, pretending it's the 1700's and the literal relevance is 1:1  Oh, Trump is using it at as toilet paper. SAD
Well said!
Nigeria govt using hausa herdsmen&Bokoharam as soldier to kill,tortur,prison,force to drink dirty water just coz @TuckerCarlson referendum
Conduct a referendum is not a call for war,Nigeria govt have taking war to Biafrans @SenatorLeahy freedom is our right @USUN stopkilling#
U might have to explain this 1 to dems in congress. They don't know what the constitution is
And since your inception, you have worked to destroy it. Putin also sends his thanks for making RT's job of election stealing a cinch.
yuP
Which Trump can't live by
Too bad tRump doesn’t take after George
Unfortunately not supported by #RochesterNY #RCSDNYS
I adore everything about this!   I adore the word Constitution.  I adore 1787.   I adore sacrifice. I adore America. 
And it has been broken time and time again since January 20, 2017.
Soon libtards will abolish this as well.  You sheep do nothing
We need to make sure it stays intact for our children's sake
To bad politicians today dont think the same, on both sides!
God bless our founding fathers
@CNN ... trying to figure out how to change history!! What statue should we tear down next? History should be embraced not changed!
On this day in 2017, @realDonaldTrump continues to violate the Constitution. The Founding Fathers tried to protect us.
God bless America. We need to uphold our Constitution not abandon it.
Unfortunately trump likes to stomp all over it. Shameful.
Priority one, always protect #constitution.
Thank you "Framers".
Liberals estupids worhtles
The writers of that document wouldn't recognize the country they wrote it for. Sad!
And most if my ancestorsbin the United States of America were slaves... #ConstitutionDay


I agree with George Washington.
And after seeing what's going on now, they weep.
AMEN.
God Bless America! 
And on this day the Liberals still haven't succeeded in Wrecking the Constitution yet
Good think the Founding Fathers wont abandon the Constitution than why do so many want to pay no attition to it today wake up people.
And if they only saw what has been going on the last few decades.
Beware the Elite are trying to change  the world under a One World Order. And be rid of our Constitution & rites #POTUS #MAGA
Thank God Antifa wasn't around then. God knows what we'd be like
Meet us in Augusta GA on Monday to commemorate Constitution Day at St. Paul's church.
And they are cringing in their graves with what we have representing our great country
I grew up loving George Washington, I bet antifa doesn't really like George
Now if we could just get Congress to recognize it.
Lies, the part about all men created equal violated day one.  Liars
To bad the country doesn't live by it. Most haven't even read it.
Protect the people's Constitutional Republic. The Insiders, Lying Media and Imbecile Democrats are trying to destroy American Nationalism
Don't let the Libs know
Maybe these swamp whores need to read this amazing document which Americans hold so near and dear! And DO THEIR JOB!!!
This needs to be rewritten to include blk and brown ppl to be treated equal not just created.  That's how you stop racesium
Yea
When presidents were for real....not the clowns of today.

Absolutely
#censure #CensureTrump  #HR496
This was quite a segment from @CNN that will be shared far and wide 
God Bless America!!!
Come to Uganda, it's about to be edited 
You would never know that by the actions of today's leaders in Washington! Hoodlums!
What is this they call the constitution

We have some politicians that should read this and learn
Everyone shld be flying the American flag 2day. Sadly, we are the only ones on our block.  People do not even know about Constitution Day.
Thanks General, Mr. President !
Who made America great not the right
#buitenhof  geef eens aandacht aan dit prachtige document, een bron van vrijheid. Vrijheid die wij, Nederlanders, aan het verkwanselen zijn.
Proud to be an American & fly the red, White & blue
John you have turned your back on this document...
Yet the #GOP abandons the #1A more than the #DNC does the #2A. Follow the whole constitution!
Thank you Mr President WASHINGTON!!! And BROTHER!
Read & try to comprehend, America.
And my great grandfather was the president of the convention.  Gen. Arthur St. Clair.
While y'all fetishize the document you willfully ignore Trump's open and direct violation of Article I, Section 9, Clause 8
happy #Constitutionday is a farce We have no rights Try telling that 2 the families & children who've had their rights forcefully  removed
Nobody forced anyone else to become a drug addict, so I don't understand your comparison to freedoms or rights
Great & powerful remembrance!
Should B highly honored. 
Yet -bet every 1 of them would B spinning N their grave 2 see leftist BS of today!
it's too bad the Dems don't care about the Constitution very sad

A Republic... If you can keep it
B.Franklin
Keep our constitution!
Damn right!, It's here to stay. A lesson that these new revisionary societie needs to learn!, or anyone else that opposes it.
@FeistyRealist
...and, to mark the occasion, @realDonaldTrump sends a GIF of him assaulting @HillaryClinton with a golf ball.

Where was trump's tweet about that? Nowhere. He was too busy bragging about the economy. Guess he doesn't approve of the constitution either
Amen!
Fantastic truth. Without our unique constitution, we will become a third world country. We must not allow this to happen.


And on This Day @realDonaldTrump + Putin are doing everything possible to Dismantle it. https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/909475793713033217 …
Ironic since Fox tries to undermine the constitution every day & brainwash people
And with every passing day he's in office @realDonaldTrump ignores it while working on an Agenda 2 deteriorate it from the core. #FakePOTUS!
Here in philli now!!!
Thus creating a new nation on the world stage: The United States of America.
@newsjohnson @JohnAvlon @MargaretHoover  George Washington's #FarewellAddress warning ignored (see bottom): http://astandforjustice.org/#washington 
God bless america ! ..
Read it. Protect it. And thank you @Heritage Foundation for my copy.
And Trump tweeted a gif assaulting Hillary Clinton with a golf ball. We, as a nation, have really lowered the bar on what is dignified.
And remember how much they despised religion? They knew religions, especially Christianity, were a cancer to our nation.
Too bad the democrats and rino republicans dont feel the same way! 
And DingleBarry Obama abandoned it day1
Someone read that to @realDonaldTrump we know he can't himself. Maybe that can be his bed time story when you tuck him in. #ConstitutionDay
there was no gay that time,was there?
Yes...read a book.
I believe it was Patrick Henry that stated this constitution is going to come back and bite Us in the ass.
Progressives have been tugging on it every since trying to pull it down.
Let's celebrate the Emoluments Clause! Too bad it's being shat on.
I don't see anyone giving him anything.
@GOP @DNC We the people won't either!  Get your crap together OR YOU'RE OUT!  Serve we the PPL OR GET OUT! WE'VE HAD IT, ALL LIARS OUT!!!!
Guide is all anyone uses for Constitution not short condensed program
Thank You Founding Fathers for the Articles of Impeachment
Tell that to the defacers of our history and the liars and destroyers of our beloved God founded country
In the U.S. Constitution, the Founding Fathers put taxation to make the U.S.A strong.  GOP, stop cutting taxes.
The demo whacks are trying to destroy the Constitution.
UK will take you back if you ask nicely ;)
But you'll have to stop calling the 'beautifully game' soccer.
Absolutely!!
The only reason why We The People... are still living in FREEDOM.
Freedom from state sponsored religion
230 years later, DJT thanks Frederick Douglass for signing it, promises to read it if he'll come to the WH for a photo op.
It's frightening how many lib judges rule by their opinions! And not the constitution
Hillary wanted to REWRITE #1A “once and for all, even if it takes a constitutional amendment,” when a MOVIE made her look bad in '08
HERE, HERE!
*Hear, hear!

#MakeAmericaSmartAgain
And the left doesn't understand one word of it.
The one and only USA Constitution in existence, accept no substitute, literally. @realDonaldTrump @JaySekulow @POTUS
@USNavy @usairforce @USArmy @USMC never accept any other document as the USA Constitution, ever.
@CBNGordon @HealthRanger @FoxNews @RandPaul @TGowdySC @dbongino @700club @marklevinshow @SandraSmithFox @KennedyNation
Thank you father of our Land
Boom....@VP busted
How is  @VP connected to RUSSIAHis brother Ed is VP of Cummins who has Defense deals w Rostec - RosoboronExport  https://miningawareness.wordpress.com/2017/06/21/is-cummins-vp-pences-motive-for-ignoring-cummings-warning-re-flynn-cummins-literally-moves-russia-including-military-partners-with-kamaz-owned-by-russian-gov-owned-sanctioned-entities-rostec-a/ …
A divinely inspired document. Thank God for our founders. Because of them, the idiots running around have the freedom to be idiots.
DEMOCRACY IS NEVER GIVEN.  IT MUST BE TAKEN.
We have..
Harriet Tubman escapes from slavery (September 17th 1849)
Racist!
We owe the founding fathers for the country they gave us. We the people need to protect our country from those that seek to ruin it.
happy constitution day.
"Unused since 1947..."

So that tRump could violate it daily
Shame on Emanuel Rahm, Bill de Blasio & Jerry Brown as well as any other person that doesn't respect our constitution & the federal law.
U'd be more credible if u didn't advertise u aren't American. 
#dumbesttweet
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @PiaWurtzbach @annecurtissmith @samuelmilby @ASAPOFFICIAL @itsShowtimeNa @_MagandangBuhay #filam 
I wish others we had elected past and present would have done the same.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DHSY76mUwAEUdG9.jpg … The Left are hard at work--trying to ban books, remove statues, remove prez, quiet free speech--it's happening. 
Why are you not being honest with Americans

https://twitter.com/kelly2277/status/909416011300032512 …
Fox News is helping Trump ATTACK said Constitution time and again. Seems the choice is clear, to preserve the constitution or Fox News ?
Now if only our politicians remembered how it worked.

And they would weep to see what Sessions and Trump and Putin have done and aim to do.
