Not broken promises--a work in progress. IT's 1000 times better than what YOUR party has come up with. R U delusional?
how about teaching him to do his job, care about democracy, and quit running his mouth like a fool.
U are as horrible as the one himself. Obamacare isn't perfect but it isn't mean. Fix it. U R all simply trying 2 wipe Obama out of history.
Petty BS
Serious, honest question for you. Why did you 1st run for office? Was it not to HELP ppl? To stand for ppl against corruption?
Or did you always intend to line your pockets and blindly follow the highest bidder? We genuinely would like to know. Thank you.
Did he grab your pussy?
Just accept the position as his stooge in chief and resign as Texas senator already.
So FIX ACA!!! Don't try to make America swallow your poisonous bill.  It WON"T Work!!! FIX ACA! look at the Heritage foundation research
Also look at the Massachusetts healthcare law written by Mitt Romney!
Medicare & Medicaid 4 all. insurance cos & big pharma r 2 greedy to b entrusted w/our health/lives. Medicare negotiate 4 Rx/provider pricing
The new plan is not a fix.It'retaliation against Obama and the Dems.Obamacare saved my life as a self employed single woman I depend on it.
Just make it better do not repeal and replace. People's health should not be politicized.
Even China has Universal Health Care. Shame on you senator
You guys sign this bill into law there are NO waivers for Congress and representatives. You have the same opportunities as the American ppl.
Obama is gone, The Republicans control The W.H, Senate, The Houst & the Supreme court> If you can't get it done, get out.
All I can say is we better get it right. The Republican Party will be know for this forever. ...and by the way NO Passes for you guys either
yall r breaking even more promises by not doing something GOOD 4 the American people! U worked very hard to make sure obamacare failed too!
LOL, why don't you do anything to FIX the ACA??, kind of like dems did for medicare part D, they didnt go in their corner and whine like you
So the problem with Obamacare was the lack of taxcuts for the rich? #RichLivesMatter 
Why not just throw Obama care out with all its hidden taxes let it go back to the way it was before Obama care.i can't afford it
Due to your sabotage. God knows what you've done. Lies are a sin
talking about your intent in killing people. Keep talking. Be clear.
Trumpcare is  going to kill Americans . You  are all misguided.  FIX Obamacare .
Your bill would kick millions off their insurance, how does that save us?
The Republicans Broke ACA funding promises designed to create failure!
Your focus is not the People!  It's the Party & BIZ! 
Town hall???
Shame on you John Cornyn!
So your reply is just let Americans die
Let's take the health care from the poor and disable  and give that to the rich in a tax break -- yeah that's American and Christian
I genuinely want to know what promises people are saying the ACA didn't fulfill.
What about the broken promises of Trumpcare? He promised "the best" and "we're gonna love it," not tax cuts for the rich.
T is trying to Undermine the ACA by encouraging insurance co to leave the market. Come on Cornyn; you know this. Don't repeal the ACA
Not just @realDonaldTrump but Cronyn and @GOP
Cornyn
Trump isn't paying the subsidies for ACA which is why more Insurance companies are dropping out. Trump is killing the ACA now.
Precisely.
All the while spinning it like it's failing all by itself.
Shameful.
And he acts like the ACA is self destructing. but the CBO is #fakenews right?
Obama care is so good.  Sky high premiums, no doctors, no companies. You must be one of the millions who get it for free.
Actually @bstephbl and I have had tricare, as military spouses, yanno that "free" healthcare for the military. Nailed it  @Gratiottexas
Thank you for your efforts. Praying you are successful.
The ACA has helped millions. You can't take that away. Just mend it. That's what will save America's sick & disabled and our children. Care.
Liar! Listening to you spew lie after lie after lie is nauseating!
Servile Puppy Dog
As your constituent I encourage you to vote NO on Trumpcare.
You and the republicans break every damn promise you claim to make
Single payor now
You misspelled "I'm covering for @realDonaldTrump who's busy breaking his promise not to cut Medicare or Medicaid."

#RepealAndReplaceCornyn
You're pathetic
Or maybe he will talk about how 15 out of the 22 million people who will lose healthcare will lose it because of cuts to Medicaid not choice
Both of you are incredible hypocrites. Doing everything you can to sabotage ACA so you can claim it's failing to enact  tax cuts for rich.
For shame. It's wrong, it's bad,and you know it. You are gonna raise rates, (fact), narrow Medicaid (fact) and preexisting lose.
As a #Constituent of Johns, i feel the need to remind him he takes my money as tax.  Now represent me properly. #HealthCareForAll
Obama made concessions with the GOP.   Trump has broken EVERY promise he made to Americans regarding healthcare. BCRA will kill Americans!
How can a Christian support a plan that takes away affordable health care for the poor and vulnerable???
NYTimes quotes you as saying border wall would be a waste. Illegal invaders could just go through it. Care to comment?
BullShit! and you know it John. How dare you be so hateful and hurtful toward fellow Texans? Did you try to tell them you were a Christian?
Look John when you want to start to look malfeasance start with the WH.  We no longer buy into the lies of this Admin.
What about his broken promises from his campaign? Everyone covered for less and no cuts to Medicare and Medicaid! Vote for THOSE PROMISES!
You had 7 years to have a better HC bill ready to go. We're still waiting. What's wrong with you all???
ACA is fixable and doable. GOP is purposefully destabilizing it.
Old Con Man Trump
how about set good example for junior GOP senators & hold some townhall meetings & sell your great bill then! Waiting to see you
HYPOCRITS! Then STOP SABOTAGING IT! Tell insurance companies cost sharing payments will be made as long as it is the law!
Want to fix anything broken in our country? I think 45 has proven that he is NOT one with answers. Start by listening to your constituents.
Fix the ACA. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.

Idea for you: be a leader, write law as MEDICARE FOR ALL. Call it CornynCare.  Everybody will  U, you'll go down in history.
So Obamacare didn't work exactly as wanted. Your bill wont either. Get over it & work to fix #ACA, don't pass BS bill just for pol reasons.
Broken promises? Rates went up when you zapped risk corridor $$. But rates have been going up for years. Cutting taxes - helps what?
He would be better received if he talked about the advantages of the new plan and left the short comings of the current plan alone.
Matthew 23
Matthew 25
Ezekiel 16
Exodus 21

Pharisee!!! You'll hear your maker say "Depart from me, ye cursed" as you're tossed in the pit 
It really is inadvisable to use the terms "POTUS" and "broken promises" in the same sentence. Do I have to tell you why?
It's easy to see that you don't care about the Texans you are charged to represent. #corrupt
Liar.
Sir, you are tone deaf to your constituents!
You know he's lying whatever he says. He'll throw you under the bus, too.
Lose the tax cuts.  Keep Medicaid expansion.  Look for cost savings to bring down premiums.  #NoTaxCutsForMillionaires  Fix the ACA w/Dems
Hello? Is the mike on?  Do you even hear what we're saying? Do you even care? You know that Trump doesn't care about us or even you, right?
Until the obscene profit motive is taken from the healthcare field nothing will help. I'm not in Obamacare, company insurance and it sucks
Make sure he doesn't break his promises of no cuts to Medicaid, Medicare, and Social Security.
Great, then mass resignation of GOP obstructionist senators.  When is going-away party?
Do you know what a broken promise is? It is that you are not DOING your job! Meet your constituents and if you pass BCRA. Prepare for 2A.
sad thing is there is part of the bill that if you just put to obama care it would fix it all and without losing millions of people.
How did you spend your payoff from insurance companies and big pharma, John?  See you in the voting booth, you pile of .
no offense John but the current Bill either screwed us or killed us both deadly @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible @indtx36
Ur joking, right? 48M w/o h/c before. Wonder why y'all r afraid to hold town mtgs? Even ur supporters want better than what ur suggesting.
Could you talk about why you want to pass a bill that takes health care from 22 million people yet gives a tax break to the wealthiest
Saving America's 2% $800B by casting 22M Americans out of healthcare. You are a hero, true leader of a just America! No, not even close, sad
"Hmmm-how can we get the Waltons, the Trumps & the Kochs their tax breaks? Let's screw the poor & elderly"
This delay = it's over
So when's the town hall going to be, John? You gonna man-up and come face everyone you're so hellbent on taking health care from? #ACA
What about his broken promises to american people .@JohnCornyn? No cuts to Medicaid? Something better than now? Something with heart?
I know you are excited to be in the "big" room, but your lips are ORANGE! DO NOT believe for 1 second your are "saving" us! #ProtectOurCare
@John Cornyn @tedcruz You are supporting #wealthcare for Koch Brothers. We are onto your misplaced allegiance, having sold your souls. #BAD
Reality: trumpgopcare = a $800B tax cut for the rich. It takes Medicare away from those who need it & health care from 500,000 veterans.
As he sabotages it
Two groups put their truths above the other's. 1 "We spend too much more than we earn." 2 "We should give more help to the weakest." USA 
@realdonaldtrump promised no cuts to Medicaid. He said costs would go down and coverage would expand. #BrokenPromises
Oh, come off it, will you?!  You are NOT saving anyone by kicking people off of Medicaid and causing coverage to be more expensive.
With POTUS trying to do damage control on our failing efforts to sabotage Obamacare and to arrange billions in tax breaks for our rich pals.
Get it RIGHT! Don't just get it done. Texans trusted you, apparently a huge mistake ...
Well you fockers can't even come together to pass a bill! When Dems do it they stand by it.
Fix the ACA, don't repeal it for partisan purposes.  Represent us, not the companies!
Y'all ain't saving anyone. 
#TXVoter
THE 5 NITWITS ARE GONNA LOVE PELOSI AND SCHUMMER BACK IN MAJORITY..BY NOT SUPPORTING THE PRES PROMISES?    YOU WILL DOOM THE PARTY
#meltdown ? Funny #Obamacare at peak meltdown is still covering 22 million more and out pocket cost are lower. #TrumpCareKills
I'm saving this tweet Senator. You'll be on wrong side of history. I'll show to former  nursing home mcaid recipients in a couple years.
who are you saving? Only money for the wealthiest.
YOU are the reason ACA is faultering and YOU know you could fix it.  Trumpcare is a tax scam.  Either way GOP owns whatever happens.
Then FIX it!  Don't fucking hand us the shit sandwich you've crafted!!!
Don't you think democrats should be invited as well?
"459,500 veterans would lose Medicaid coverage by 2026 under the US Senate Republicans’ plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act."
Every villain has his minions. #YouWillBeHeldAccountable
Got any plans for the break, John? Maybe attend a town hall or 2 to explain how great the GOP plan is? Or just more hiding?
I think it was Trump who promised not to cut Medicaid during the election.
Fix so everyone has health care. Anything else is a failure
Are you under the table?

Did he discuss the number of promises he is breaking with the GOP plan? Hello? Bueller?
I bet the Koch brothers are pissed off
SENATE needs to do a FULL REPEAL! If not GOP will lose in 2018/2020. NO GOVT IN OUR HC!!
He's not your boss. We are.
You're not saving us, you're killing us for tax cuts. Get real.
You are a broken promise to the American people. #TrumpRussia #GOPutin
Why don't you just save the American people from the broken promises of an illegitimate president and get him to resign. Then you can, too.
ya might wanna fix it rather than talk about it and get it right this time, not that thing your forcing on folks
Obamacare is much more popular than Congress. Broken promises? How about cutting the health care of 23 million.
Pass this damn bill or I'm not voting for u again! NOW! signed a deplorable Texan
Obamacare has its flaws, develop better plan with input from both parties including women. No tax cuts for the rich & actually helps folks.
How about talking to the non billionaires that are in Texas that will not benefit from this.  How about Texans who will be screwed by this
Oh, please. Broken promises are what Trump seems to be doing best. Save Obamacare. Save lives. #peopleoverparty #peopleoverprofits
You mean save the 99% from our health, so we go broke & have to sell our property, therefore losing our freedom & happiness? #BCRAP
TX res. Can't say I'm jazzed by what I'm hearing Whatever you do, need to make sure it's written so it's easy to scale to smaller size later
I'm so sick of reading how far ur head is up his rear! Cn't wait 4 elctn time in #Texas cause you don't rep us U repU
#10thAmendment limited federal govt. Not the govt's job to provide health ins/ healthcare. Medicaid for truly needy not permanent solution.
What's your suggestion then?
Free market, price transparency, personal responsibility 4 most basic health needs, 2nd tier of "emergency" care i.e. brain tumor w Gov help
Come on home and talk to your constituents!
@GOP & @realDonaldTrump caused the broken promises. Please, for the love of country, don't run again. Thanks, Yoir Constituents #Wealthcare
Hopefully the demographic shift underway happens sooner than later. I live in Houston and you continuously work against me and my neighbors
We need saving from the @gop and @potus @realDonaldTrump & ur lies.
We have some ideas back here in Texas. Come home and let's have a chat.
With POTUS talking about our efforts to save our donors money while breaking promises made during the election.

Fixed it.
The Senate health care bill, written by 13 Republican men, takes the opposite approach and disinvests in women’s preventative health.
You need to be working to make Obamacare better.  Can't wait to vote against you.
Quit acting like you care about your constituents. You care about big $$. That's it.
with POTUS today, desperately trying to salvage the promises I made to my sugardaddies, the Koch brothers...
Myself and other TX voters will not forget your heartless choice to outspokenly choose tax cuts for the wealthy over healthcare for the poor
You're a sniveling coward afraid to stand up for what's right. Line your pockets though amirite?
You could have saved Obamacare, but in your narrow-minded maliciousness you have created a real mess and a lousy health care bill. Save us!
"Well damn, they saw right through that tax cut." 
"Yep"
"What do we do now?" 
"Keep blaming Obama."
You mean save the wealthy and corporate interest. You actions are doing nothing for your average constituents #KillTheBill #WealthCare
Proud of your important role as Trump yes man are you? Congratulations! You're no longer a Texan. #lapdog
Tweeting about how I don't give a shit about my constituents and how their already lame health insurance is going to be even WORSE!
GOP sure loves lying!
Great basic point from @AliVelshi - some 10 million people use the healthcare exchanges, vs some 70 million who are on Medicaid.
You actually blame Democrats for not cooperating after 8 years of Republicans refusing to cooperate on health care?  We're not all idiots...
You're barking up the wrong tree. Do something about premium increases & greedy big pharma, rampant fraud, & lobbyists for capitalism. Duh!
you obviously aren't listening then... to the people either . Roll on the next election - disgraceful @txlege @TXDemWomen who's paying you ?
We need to be saved from you and that immoral piece of legislation you are pushing.
What is wrong with Obama care is the Republicans that keep sabotaging it! Medicare expansions solve the problems! You LIE! Turn Texas blue!
This cruel transfer of wealth to the rich is your legacy. The people who will get kicked out of nursing homes is your legacy.
I have a better idea. Talk to Democrats & write a HEALTHcare bill, not a tax deduction bill. Grow some balls & do your job! #TrumpcareSucks
He promised not to cut Medicaid
and can you tell me how many Texan would lose coverage due to the Medicaid cuts under your bill? Gonna sit down with them?
Please watch PBS NewsHour if Dr Ken Davis. We structural changes and an end to fee for service for health care. #SinglePayerNow
Senator @JohnCornyn is #SinglePayer too easy for Republicans? @NewsHour #PBSNewshour
With you creating broken promises of #Trumpcare ? #FullRepeal please! Freedom better than your junk bill!  #MedicareForAll
Free @SenatorCollins! Don't make her sit next to him. She's the only one of you with any sense.
Not 1 wrd of supprt 4 u here Maybe ur inexplicable confidence despite all the angry voices is due 2 ur faith in the hacked election systems.
PS...please quit calling that man "POTUS." Completely illegitimate and unfit.
Tell us the one single point about the plan he actually understands. If there is one.
You're not saving anyone but your donors profits.
Apparently James Agee was correct: Maybe we are social integers in a criminal economy. This bill is DEFINITELY criminal...and evil!
Could you also talk about the broken promises of your senate healthcare bill?
Great way to bridge that partisan divide there Senator. Keep doing a bang up job acting busy, accomplishing nothing while a despot takes all
Cozy up more 2 him instead of LISTENING 2 UR CONSTITUENTS! R U EVER going 2 see your non-wealthy constituents in a townhall?!!
Why not just try to fix the ACA? Serious question.
Don't use any big words.
At least they are still alive.
You know what’s just as old as Obamacare? The GOPs promise to repeal & replace it w/something better. How does BCRA “save” us, exactly?
Oh I get it!! When y’all promised something “better” you were just saying you’d literally put the word “better” in the name of the bill!!
