Quit worrying about the side shows & get repeal done !!
Dems should block EVERYTHING under the illegitimate Trump administration. Get #Putin out of the WH. #ImpeachTrump
Good on Schumer for standing up for all of us! Stop trying to ram through a bill certain to kill us and hold Trump accountable for Russia!
And Betsy Devos was approved by you. Hmm.......
With unprecedented anti-Obama #obstruction strategy, @SenateMajLdr broke the Senate, with your help @JohnCornyn! You broke it, you own it.
Why are you citing a racist rag? #SaveTheACA
Merrick Garland.  Remember that name John? #hypocrite! Stop putting party over country! #vote2020 #VoteOutCornyn #VoteOutTheIncumbent
Schumer & Dem's are obstructionist!  They are losing favor with the American people.
Delusional Democrats are the Enemy of the Constitution and Republic, morally corrupt and Constitutionally illiterate,dangerous communists!

The plan you and your fellow senators are exempting yourself from...?? Why do you think you deserve better than other ppl of this country???
!) the @GOP has raised obstructionism to a grand new level. 2) try nominating qualified people who earned a position (not donors)
Thank you Schumer for having the sense you seem to have lost. And for listening to the people of this country not just your cronies.
You've lost all credibility, john. Shut up!!!!
Thankfully @SenSchumer represents us Texans.
Sounds like a GOP tactic during the Obama administration.
Do you think the Republican Party will have any standing after OUR democracy is destroyed by the Trump administration?
Why do YOU support health care bill that protects YOUR insurance AND destroys insurance for pre-existing conditions?
What are YOU doing to defend our democracy after recent revelations of Trump election staff meeting Russian agents?
Stop trying to kick 22M #Americans off #healthcare and giving tax breaks to rich? Thanks @SenSchumer! We will do our part to #VoteOutCornyn
Thank God someone has the country's best interest at heart! This plan to restructure Medicare under the guise of helping is ridiculous.
@SenDeanHeller @lisamurkowski vote no on this terrible bill! The #American people don't want it, but @JohnCornyn puts party before country.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz #Texans don't want your terrible #healthcare, er, tax cut for the wealthy bill! #voteNO #vote2018 #Beto2018
Remember when Sen Reed blocked all of the Republican bills?
Plz change your heart and vote to an understanding of all inclusive health care and well being for humans.
Thank you for exposing this garbage. Schumer is hateful person with agenda to destroy. Just another Harry Reid.
Yay!!

BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
I'm not clicking that.
Merrick Garland ring a bell?
Hurray for Schumer...one of the few men in DC that has morales.  Why aren't you NOT representing the state of TX?  Vote no for tRUmpNOCare.
Thank you @SenSchumer and @SenateDems for standing up for the majority of #American people! #voteNO #vote2020 #VoteOutCornyn
https://www.forbes.com/sites/brucejapsen/2017/07/15/ted-cruzs-freedom-plan-cherry-picks-patients-insurers-say/?c=0&s=TrumpsAmerica …
And how many thing has the GOP blocked over #healthcare? I'm not talking about during Obamas tenure either. How's #TaxReform coming?
You blocked Democrats from being able to influence the healthcare bill, so what are you whining about?  You play dirty politics all the time
@SenSchumer is listening to the #American people, John.  Unlike you! You're listening to your wallet and party! Listen up or go! #voteNO
n Rubio n other @SenateGOP snuck little-noticed health care provision slipped into a giant spending law that gutted risk corridor payments
This gutted and so sabotaged the ACA. The GOP is not out to help Americans and you do not have my vote Cornyn.
Boo hoo, John. That's so mean to block a nominee. At least it's not a Supreme Court nominee, right?
Cornyn corrupt cronies exempt themselves from bad healthcare bill :
Anything to stop you and your Russian traitors is worth doing.
Good work Schumer
This is pure bullshit John. Stop misdirecting your constituents
We don't care what Schumer does. Misdirection won't work. Repeal Obamacare. Failure is unacceptable and will have dire consequences for GOP
Repeal Obamacare John. Do what you were elected to do. Failure to keep promises has consequences.
Blocking nominees?  2 words, senator:  Merrick Garland. In time, you will see that wasn't a good idea.
Waiting for your statement on Russian influence, Senator. Your silence is deafening. Also embarrassing.
Vote sched Mon & current Dep remaining until new one confirmed. Maybe @realDonaldTrump should have filed paperwork timely?
Schumer just a Dem crony following OBAMA'S "RESISTANCE ORDER" which is subversive and unAmerican! Dems will keep losing with slow down !!!
You control both houses of Congress and you still can't get shit done.
Obstruction by absurd garbage. Horrible business processes - why folks want swamp drained. Senate looks stupid and centuries behind.
How about you get some goddam work done while that pathetic specimen of a prez buries himself in corruption?
Well he is certainly a smarter man than you are!  You need to go

So you're saying Schumer is putting his career on the line to protect our healthcare? Hmmm...who should I vote for in 2018?
The question every GOP Senator should be asking is are we doing harm. They need to be ashamed for every yes vote
Good. Work with Dems to fix the #ACA. Quit acting like a school bully who's only adv. is being 5 years older than the other kids.
I thought you guys represented Texas! Not the #Russianappointed puppet that Putin placed in the White House? #WeWillVoteYouOut!
Wife and does nothing! Call his dad a communist killer he does zero! #WimpyTeddyCruz
#ChuckSchumer way more of a man than #Trump #Cornyn and #Ted "I am a neutered man" Cruz! Cruz such a #wimp that you can talk shit about his
We as real Texas are not amused by your sucking up to the #TrumpCrimeFamily your party over people will cost you your job! #VoteOutGop
Visit rural Texas, not the rich oil Barron and huge cattle ranches! The working poor with debt and bills! They need insurance too!
I hope they block this nomination too. Unfit.
A right-wing blogger who jokes about ‘f-ggots’ shouldn’t be on the court. Period. http://www.thenewcivilrightsmovement.com/davidbadash/senate_republicans_push_through_federal_judge_nomination_of_right_wing_blogger_who_joked_about_faggots …
Trying to help ya! Rural Texas needs ACA! Rural Texas is poor! Needs federal money for Hospitals and nursing homes! Leave rich part of town
Hey what is Texas getting? Mitch is giving Florida Alaska few hundred million in bribes? What are you asking for??
The only bright side of you going along with the #TrumpCrimeFamily y'all will take the GOP down with you! The south will turn blue!
Can't wait to vote your ass out! You will ruin healthcare for rural Texas!
What do you think about this letter from insurance companies criticizing BCRA and the Cruz amendment?

Maybe you should have included the D in the healthcare planning! You gave them no choice, but to act like this

Shep Smith: "The deception, Chris, is mind-boggling...why are we getting told all these lies?"

Chris Wallace: "I don't know what to say" 
Have u figured out that your twitter followers don't  like you? Cuz they don't.
Yesssss.
No room to talk you are an obstructionist to #FullRepeal of Obamacare. We need to start the explosion train to drain the SWAMP. 
Are u really saying this after all you have done to block appointments? Think we don't remember, John? Have a town hall in Dallas, coward
Correct, Schumer is doing his job blocking insane Republican nominations, put forward people who will do the right thing
Breaking news - McConnell leads Republicans to steal a SCOTUS seat by refusing a hearing during the last year of a President's term! #karma
Pot. Meet kettle. Remember your years of obstruction, sir? I bet you used to think it was noble to stonewall and refuse to act. Remember?
Just think, if people were reasonable and worked together maybe all the blocking wouldn't be needed. But you don't see any value in that.
Yep, not the nuclear option to grind things to a halt, but a conventional option, in a sense.
Find another twitter spokesperson
Don't be so obtuse. Assume a very basic explanation.
Daily Caller- you're source? Eyeroll
Good. Schumer has a pair after all.
At least they care about children with cancer where you want them to die with no medical help
- GOOD! Love how y'all were conveniently too late 2 include Cruz amdmt to BCRA for CBO score. The score will be bad all the same
Good Lord. Someone call the waaambulance for Senator Cornyn here. You reap what you sow.
True that
Don't kill us with your tax cut bill that throws million off Insurance....Blood will run through our streets and it will be your fault
Whoever is writing this, please tell John he SHOULD take care of his constituents. Only the rich want this bill, they want us to die.
Thank you Senator Schumer! No Trump nominee should get a vote until Mueller's investigation is done and the traitor is gone. 77373
Suck it up buttercup.Its the game you and McConnell played for years .Blocked Garland Blocked Butts Blocked telling us about Russia
TRUTH HURTS GOP
Maybe that's a sign you should go back to the drawing board & include someone other than 13 RW men in the drafting, hold hearings, etc.
And for good reason. GOP Wealthcare bill is garbage. People will die because of it. You know that, but just don't care. #resist
GOP has broken all norms and rules of decorum. Don't whine when it comes back. Oh yeah, revoke Kushner's security clearance!!!
Good!

He is such a butt

Good one.
If I remember the Republicans are in the majority! Act like it!
Hi there!! Remember moi??
You are the textbook definition of a broflake. Just can't handle it when your tactics are used by the #resistance.
Oh, hey there. I have BCBS. Perhaps you should read what they have to say about your bill:
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
