And the administration eats it up and will never do anything about it
You are on the Senate Intelligence Committee and you're just now figuring this out?! Weak, really weak.
Seriously?!! You're just now figuring that out! There's a new war front and we're not manning it very well, welcome to the Information Age.
Oh WOW!!! What a revelation!  That FBI is REALLY on top of things. Thank God they figured this out!
You're supporting someone who denies it and may be in collusion. We shall see
And @GOP seems to universally ignore this because their party was able to use that weapon to take complete control of our federal government
Are you just covering all the bases today? Won't matter. We won't forget in 2020 where you stood. #canCornyn2020
So does the GOP
This is new? We've been doing the same thing for 40 years that I know of.
Yes, we know.
And you let them. Anything for your agenda
Support libraries and #SaveIMLS! Then all Americans will know how to use information as a weapon. #InfoLit
You need to send this to NASS
Yes, yes they do, they use it to put corruption front and center in the WH, about time some of you repubs get ur eyes open! Now oust Trump!
Cornyn: I will continue to ignore all questions about the @GOP healthcare bill.
Glad to see you're catching up with the rest of us!
And yet all you seem interested in is leaks....
That is absolutely astounding!  And it only took you a decade to get it.
Just like the GOP is using secrecy as a weapon against the people.  You need to wake up and fix the Russia thing before killing Americans.
???? Of course.
Russia is manipulating President Trump #ImpeachTrump
So, what else is new?
Misinformation also. And feeds on American political tribalism.
They often de-legitimize real news by calling it "fake news"
Yeah so does Cornyn
Information 45 gives them.
Do you think this is good or bad?
Another reason Mueller must be left to do his job.
And during 2016, R's benefited. your party could be next on their target list. Putin is Not a republican or a Democrat. He is an opportunist
And for some reason, you and the rest of the GOP want to ignore this FACT!
Does the President know this?
And the GOP uses non information and being secretive as a weapon.  That makes you much better doesn't it.
And trump and you and the GOP are letting them do it! I know that gives me the warm fuzzies.......
And you are drinking the Russian koolaid trying to mirror their tactics. Your FAKE NEWS comments are an example of this. RU compromised too?
So do we and every other country in the world. Isn't that the reason for covert operations?
Would be cool if you could put together a committee to investigate that
They have been telling you this for months!! They are also using you and GOP to push fake news! Start telling the TRUTH so we can trust you!
Your tweets are beginning to sound as ignorant as trump's. Sad. You are a goner. Too bad you are no longer doing your job for TX and US
they are using the @POTUS as a weapon as well
Have you taken your pills John? I don't think you want to shine more light on Russian sympathizers like Trump/Flynn/Sessions/Kushner do you?
No sheet Sherlock! lol And so does the US.
#Disinformation
Well duh. @JohnCornyn based on your tweets I would say they own your twitter account too.  You are a fool. And again, sadly I voted for u.
Russia also buys and helps congress members and senators  But yiu know nothing about that
Let's work with Russia on cyber security like Sec Tillerson has recommended, because that will definitely make US safer #trumprussia
I sense the sarcasm is strong in this one! Not sure Cornyn won't take it as a voice of reason. 
What are you doing in the Senate Intelligence Committee hearings? Duh. Wake the eff up, John. What are YOU doing to safeguard US?
We KNOW
A weapon to hack voters (not voting machines) the actual voters to believe false stories about D candidates. And next year it could be R's
So do we.... Information wins all conflicts, ever.  #Intelligence
Just now? You are just now finding this out? Or just now admitting it? Or want to blame Hillary or Obama somehow?
A senator who doesn't appear to have any knowledge of Russian (USSR) history really shouldn't be on the Intelligence Committee.
No shit Sherlock, as did the GOP in collusion with Russia in 2016.  Who just had a massive data leak for every voter in the USA?  GOP.......
R's have taken advantage of this in a wholesale violation of norms and standards, dangerously damaging our institutions.
And you POTUS loves to arm them!
Duh!
And it appears that the FBI,CIA, NSA and IC all use intelligence as a weapon also. Unfortunately, ours uses its weapons against us not them
Not just them. Ever heard of Cambridge Analytica?
Shut up about the Russians already.  Pass health care and tax reform. ....just do your job.
Tell your President; tAm/erican public already knows.  Or tell @PressSec so he doesn't have 2 say "I haven't talk 2 t/President about that"
**American People**
Welcome to the club!
Maybe you can help us fight back by being a very transparent and respectable leader that Texans can be proud to re-elect. You do you, John.
You don't say. And who is the beneficiary? 
Right, so y'all shouldn't let them in the WH & should use more secure servers at the very least. Seems like certain GOP in bed with Russia
Stop Russia investigation & move on GOP! Trump is trying to help the American people. Build better cyber security to help the US.
So you're admitting you're a Russian? Wow didn't see that coming. What's next? KKK?

Wow, did you just wake from a year long nap?
- How is this news to you? Or anyone not living under a rock.
Every country uses information as weapon. US interfered in 45 country elections. Obama interfered in Israel's election. Build cyber security
The FBI is also certain that Russia hacked the elections. So do you accept their assessments or not, John? You're all over the place.
And yet, the President is still trying to be buddy buddy with them. Makes you wonder.
Duh...But don't let the liberal leftists use this as some excuse...WE ALSO use information as a weapon.
And the United States doesn't? Stop with the Russia fear mongering please Senator. Oh, and Russia just killed the ISIS leader also.

And, to be honest, Russia also uses Senators (or other members of Congress) as weapons: Rohrabacher, chief among these.
Right. So what are you doing to help safeguard our country from this type of attack?
Are you serious. How long has that been going on?
If this news to @JohnCornyn , we are in trouble.
In the same manner that you have adopted, such as calling things you don't like "fake news"
Maybe people shouldn't believe everything they read. It's no worse than our mainstream media. They use information as a weapon. #CNN #msnbc
So does America
This is not a new development.  If you'd been paying attention in your committee meetings, you'd already know this.
Russia is the enemy. Trump needs to understand and respect that. Oh wait..... he's a commie! Trader!
GOP uses Russian weapons to win. Democracy loses as does every American. Where are the GOP patriots?
And?
