why does CEO need tax break when personal earnings exceed average person's lifetime earnings?
I just moved back to Texas & I look forward to supporting your opponent based on your support of this.
Where's the part about it removing appropriate limits on deduction of ins executive salaries?
Alright, Senator. Let's do this point by point, shall we?
So you're going to punish people who change jobs? This is going to take more out of the pockets of Americans than ACA penalty.
Fair is fair - at first blush, I don't see issues here.
if given choice between food and health care savings, food wins every time
I feel - truly, I do. But raising the cap for tax-free HSA contributions can't be a bad thing.
for those that can truly afford it.  If your choice is pay the lights or contribute, the lights win
You sold out to special interests. You  have no shame.
it's time to talk to your constituents to hear what they have to say on this issue. Have a town hall. Listen to people.
how does a person with income of $24500 supposed to manage if lose job and not rehired for 3 months?
.@JohnCornyn Can you explain why you support these tax breaks for the very rich and higher health insurance cost for young people? #TXVoter
I am sick reading this!  You sold us out to insurance CEO'S. Take from the poor and give to the rich!  Release his taxes!
you really think this is a good thing??  You predator!
Which CEO at Aetna wrote this bill?  The fox is guarding the hen house.
please explain how not requiring people to be insured will lower premiums.
you cut benefits for everyone on Medicaid-you make it possible for ins cos to sell inferior coverage-this is a dark day for you
hold a town hall for your constituents if this is so good for all of us!
double the amount you can put in your HSA? I doubt many people do the max now. You have to have money!
#1 change... 18 million people lose coverage.
Whoah, slow down there, pardner- don't push this plan thru without a CBO score - fiscally irresponsible otherwise
making it impossible for older low income americans to afford health care  and food is not what we want .
Has yr office reached out to leadership in the TX Med Cntr about the proposal? Based on prior statements, they will be worried.
why don't any of u listen ! All of u will listen when millions show up at yr doorstep fighting 4 ObamaCare
you do realize when you quote another tweet, we can see the headline. So you're just repeating it, not adding substance.
just not sure he realizes that he's just restating the headline, which we can already see. It's redundant.
I going to sleep well knowing Sen Cornyn has good health care
years of complaining/obstruction and this is the best Republicans can do? Look in the mirror, see the problem, try again!
Presuming changes driven by Speaker Ryan's 40% of Top 20 Donor's money health industry?  GOP shit on Americans for profits
so those 45-65 will be broke. Remember we vote! The rich get richer!  How much money did they give you?  Take poorrich
older americans pay higher premiums?  They usually are on fixed-income.
So UR going to rip away subsudies for health care, but if U can't afford it you'll pay a fine when you go to get it again.
So go out an a limb, actually tell us what you think of it!!!!
never responds via Twitter. Call his office (202) 224-2934
It is a horrible replacement. You know it. I know it. I expect you to do something about it!
now it's a proposal to overhaul? Give us a break. It is a repeal.  It will take away coverage from millions of people.
... don't all tax payers pay for congress' health care..thus can't taxes cover all tax payers????
People will die who won't w ACA. Christ said we'll be judged by how we care for the least. Ur health plan makes GOP goats.
Savings accounts and tax credits are not coverage. Real damage comes after 2018 and 2020. Do you think America is stupid?
key changes that make the rich richer!!!!!
Overhaul? we need Repeal & Replace.  What are your thoughts?  We have to start somewhere.
Vote for this atrocity and pay at the polls.
A bright, shiny, expensive new definition of "out of pocket." Straight up Wall Street profiteering.
We'd love to discuss the details, when is your Houston Town Hall?
There is nothing to be proud of with your health bill  Now leave Medicare alone
more fatal attacks on women, poor and elderly. #familyvalues at its best! And what's the #cob you #sob?! 2018 & u r out!!
so premiums would go up and amount of people will go down?
The GOP HC bill fails to eliminate Obamacare, 8 years of promise and this is all you got. 

Do your damn job and follow through
you didn't even listen to us, did you?
you no longer represent Texans,no Townhalls,no nothing. U are on board with the wealthy and care less about Tex
Less people covered means costs will go up as the uninsured utilize more expensive care.  Obamacare 0.5; 7yrs for this?
so we waited 8 years for this... Wow great job @GOP and yes that is sarcasm.
how does this help me and my family?
Not even close to viable. Basic coverage reqs gone. Credits not close to subsidies. Blatant attack on women. And cost?
this is a disgrace. I will do everything I possibly can to vote you out in '20.

have you even looked at the bill?
savings accounts are NOT healthcare. How about you try them out first and let us know. In the meantime we'll take YOUR ins!
So much worse than ACA. What happened to health insurance for everyone?
On it's face Sen., charging seniors 5 X's that of younger people is flat out unacceptable. Medicaid & Medicare elements no help

@MHackman How about an article outlining how it's devastating to poor, old, & ill while benefiting the wealthy. GOP R EVIL!
The ACA mandate was much more humane than the new 30% price gouge penalty. But insurance co donors will love it.
back to the drawing board Senator. This sucks.
John, you don't know the biggest 2 changes - how does it score and how many people lose insurance?
Doesn't work without a mandate. #trumpcare is an oxymoron
Charging the elderly up to 5x more? =   The Medicaid changes? = .  But insurance CEOS and the wealthiest get a tax cut.
Republicare: here are your death panels!
You were elected to make sure the sick, poor, & old don't burden us healthy rich people, good job!
I will campaign against you with all the energy I have. To think I voted for you makes me ill.
are you proud of this?? Seriously??? So, old people have to pay more?? Aren't they the ones that NEED this?
No CBO, must mean the grand old fascist party knows its bad.  Millions w/o care. Oh and health savings acct for rich pricks
what about pre-existing conditions?
Even the Dems got a CBO estimate for ACA; where's that data for this statute?
I don't see how that's better than the current ACA. It looks like indiv will more + healthy people delay until already sick.
I got that from the article you used to try to defend it even!
Will you be on this overhauled plan?
You know this will cost you your reelection, don't you?
what does the CBO say?
bizarre to want to vote on a plan in two days without CBO scoring - unless they know it'll be a disaster.
how does GOP Health Bill give an insurance co a larger tax break to increase CEO pay than it gives a family to buy coverage
It a Paul Ryan plan .screw the little guy help the rich and I get to paid your heath care
Worst excuse for a healthcare bill ever. Unbelievable that it took GOP 7 years to come up with another hit to our economy.
Why don't you tell us what you like/dislike? The WSJ isn't my representative. Do your job, John.
Senator, these changes appear mean spirited, will be hard to pass the bulletin board test
I apply the "would it hurt my elderly grandparents" test (may they Rest In Peace).  estimate they would be hurt
overhaul? not repeal and replace? Is that the sugar coating used to cram it down Americans throats?
I think it's crap unless you have to go on it too!
so if it retains some of ACA points it wasn't all crap was it, now ins cos can get richer and Congress
huge tax cuts for rich while medicaid expansion is gutted.
How much will it cost?
Read the bill yourself!! Don't depend on someone's interpretation!
