Time to tweet this but no time to schedule town hall meetings? Your days in office are numbered!
I hope this is not what you are proposing to replace the #ACA #Obamacare We need healthcare insurance not healthcare access
you do realize avocados come from Mexico? #NoWall
what about the health benefits of EPA regulations & oversite? Health benefits of clean energy?
You know how expensive this well get. A lot of Houston's come from Mexico
Build a wall! Deport them!  But leave the guac and queso!  #NoWall
so you are pro smugglers then? #winning
You know what else is healthy? ACA and vaccines! #justathought #pretendingtobeinformed #notsohelpful
I guess this is the Republican's Obamacare replacement plan? "Eat an avocado"?
@This an is a double talking loser he needs to support trump or quit what a loser
how about holding a town hall and hearing what your constituents have to say vs giving medical advice. Do your job!
Why the fuck are you wasting time on this?? WHEN'S THE #TownHall ????
so does this mean you are against the border tax for avocados made in Mexico?
You need to get your aide off of Twitter
Is this the GOP plan to replace the ACA?  Eat more avocados?
Avocados are grown in Mexico. Your boy #45 wants to build a wall.
How about the positive health effects of the Affordable Care Act?
Do not go there, Sir.
U say avocado I say #releasetrumptaxes #DoYourJob #healthcare
know what else has huge health benefits? Having access to the resources @PPact offers! #scienceisreal
Are these meant to replace health insurance benefits after repeal of the ACA?
Senator Cornyn, I'll make some homemade guacamole if you come visit District 14 for a Townhall Meeting.  Deal?
seriously, when are the town halls in Texas?!
too bad with that idiot *45 the prices on avocados will skyrocket!!!
That's why Texans will be really mad if a tariff is imposed on avocados from Mexico! 
first thing that came into my mind! Avocados from Mexico!
Do politicians really think people are so pathetic they would give up their national security for an avocado?
Avocados grown in Texas would probably be the most healthy for our country. I'm not a big fan of avocados myself.
#DoYourJob #RussiaGate #LockHimUp Dossier p 7 https://www.buzzfeed.com/kenbensinger/these-reports-allege-trump-has-deep-ties-to-russia?utm_term=.vfxKRWrOw#.eoZroWmN5 …
- happy to bring some to your Houston town hall, assuming they are still affordable & available. ACA good for health too!
Wow John, you finally tweeted something that is bipartisan. I find an avocado healthy, tasty and a compliment to my nachos
Do you realize how dumb this post is?  95% of US Avocado production is by San Diego & who do you thinks picks them
Is this Republicans' replacement to the ACA? "Let the eat avocados!" Too bad nobody will be left to harvest them in CA
You mean Avocados from Mexico?
Once the wall goes up, bye bye to avocados!
Love avocados! But with a border wall & tariffs & high health care costs I probably won't be able to have them. Kinda sad, huh?
Come to the Town Hall. We'll make guacamole.
Huh?
Let's chat about avocados and how they get to our grocery stores at a #TownHall
How expensive are these bad boys going to be?
I've read that there a lot of health benefits of meeting with your constituents at a #TownHall!
Look dude, I offered tacos for a town hall when you tweeted about tacos. Now you want guacamole too. Are you pregnant?
, is this the "replace" part of "repeal and replace"?
- is this our new healthcare?
Is that health tip a sign we are losing health care coverage?
we love  and the folks who grow and harvest them. #NoWall #TownHall ?
yes, we love avocados and our Mexican neighbors.  #NoWall
we should enjoy them while we can still get them
Wait, what? 
2 bad US consumers will have 2 pay more 4 them&can't afford the health benefit(or UR new health insurance)!Thanks4rubbing it in!
Poor John is trying to tweet anything non controversial. Kudos, but I have to agree with @SATX_Trish.  But I do love avocados
is this GOPs answer to healthcare? Tweeting links to MyFitnessPal?
Avocados are excellent!  Do you support a special prosecutor for the Trump/Russia investigation?
too bad these are about to go up in price due to tariffs. Thanks for rubbing it in our face.
Staff: Senator you're getting killed on Twitter try something everyone loves.
John: How bout guac?!
Staff: facepalm, but sir...
good info. Now let's talk about some questions your constituents have. #healthcare #russia #investigatetrump #2020
Sir, srsly. This is dbly offensive: 1 avocado prices abt to soar 2 Y are u tweeting this? What abt RUSSIA!
Hold a #TownHall and I'll bring the guac!
Love avocados! Will you be voting to keep trade between Texas and Mexico strong?
I will bring some avocado to a town hall.
#avocadosfromMexico are healthy
If your boy 45 gets his way, avocados (mostly imported from Mexico) will be too expensive for all but plutocrats.
#madeinmexico
there is political health for you in getting trumps taxes released.
When are you going to schedule your town halls so you can hear what your constituents really need?
With the crap you are allowing, I probably should start eating healthy & get into fighting shape. The apocalypse IS coming.
John, great, now enough with the lame articles. We want a town hall and independent investigation on Trump/Russia
Avaca-DO YOUR JOB!
that's nice, I love avocados.  So, Russia?
Trump wrecking our relationship with Mexico is going to make them considerably more expensive. Please work on that.
Another random tweet from our Senator rather than actually engaging in requested conversation w/ constituents. #CornynTownHall
Health benefits that are affordable, that don't penalize for pre-existing conditions are even better.
Thanks for the tip. Now maybe make sure we all have affordable health care.
Good information here. Too bad the cost of avocados will likely jump to unreasonable proportions if we tax products from Mexico.
would those be from Mexico??
mmmkay but you want to build that wall right? And make us pay more for our avocados. And what day is our townhall?
we need to continue to get our avocados from Mexico, no?
health benefits of Republicans repealing Obamacare
Too bad there are not going to be enough hands to picked them from our farms. They may all be #deported. Thks
you know what else is good for your health? HEALTH INSURANCE! If you care about ur constituents pass single payer!
Hey don't a lot of those come from Mexico? Going to be real expensive if @realDonaldTrump gets his way. Too bad.
but we won't be able to afford them soon
Are you bored? Maybe you should have a town hall?
and they are going to cost more thanks to you n  45.  Just one of many ways ur "Making Texas More Expensive Place to Live."
how about the health benefits of talking to constituents, it's win win...#TownHall now,
I've got a doctor for health related questions, that's not your job.
Touché!
Who's harvesting those avocados?  Many immigrants w/ and w/o documents work in agriculture. @TX21Indivisible @IndivisibleTeam
Are you proposing we all eat more avocados rather than worry about the ACA being repealed? O_o
hey I use @MyFitnessPal too we have so much in common let's chat when you're back in San Antonio 
- They will be getting more expensive if NAFTA is dismantled.
This is the worst. Forget about the damn avocados and talk about Russia! ACA! Your next town hall! First Amendment! Good God.
Can we take this as an announcement that you'll be having a series of Town Halls around the state? Thanks!
That's funny! Well, maybe not funny for Texans who elected you. Big disappointment!
. @JohnCornyn So about that town hall thing?
