How deep does the wall need to go to protect us?  #TheWallisBS
So if the wall will be 6 feet deep, the new tunnels just need to be deeper? It's ok, mathematical reasoning is difficult
So then tell me how a wall is going to stop a tunnel? The wall is a stupid idea because it won't stop someone from tunneling under.
Fake news for sure!
That's why building a wall is absurd!!!
Release trumps taxes 
Release the documents on Flynn
Good job in discovery of more tunnels! Build the wall for some & find the tunnels for the rest... keep up the good work @DHSgov & @ICEgov
Thank you!!!! So why the hell is your party insisting on a wall?????
Yup and your wall won't solve that problem will it? Stop wasting our money.
John, Really? The Washington Free Beacon is your source an extreme right biased site that is questionable on is truthfulness, WOW!
Sounds like something a wall would stop....not
Build the Chunnel Wall??  #NoBorderWall
D's care, JC cares about JC.
And all you can talk about is building a wall?  What a waste
Shame a reputable news source didn't mention it. What is wrong w\you, John? This rag has less credibility than the Enquirer.
You're a complete embarrassment to this great state.
No wall/fence is going to prevent tunnels from being built, if anything MORE are coming
Tunnels???  So the answer is a Wall?  Really?
So how does making more wall help? I'd hold my breath, but I haven't gotten a single response from you since I first contacted you in Feb.
So the question remains..Will Cornyn & the GOP take the hint?
You know what walls also don't stop? Planes. Overstayed visas. Boats. It's physics.
And how will a wall six feet down help again? Oh. It wouldn't
#ICYMI: @GOP CANNOT BE TRUSTED.
INDICT @JohnCornyn @USAGSessions @Cabinet @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @VP @POTUS GRAFT TREASON #trumprussia
Be a good time to test out some land mines.
Glad the ReThugs are voting for Trumpcare because after millions of people lost their healthcare the Rethugs will pay in 2018, do it.
So let's build a wall! That will stop tunnels right?
Your beloved wall isn't going 2 stop that.  
So they dig a lil' deeper It's do-able.
A real path 2 citizenship & immigration reform needed.
Better hurry up and build that wall!
So remind me why we're spending billions for a wall?
And you think a wall is going to help? Come on... where is the common sense???
It was the past five years. If @realDonaldTrump wall had been there it wouldn't have made a difference against tunnels and aircraft. #MAGA
I'm sure the wall will be high enough to prevent tunnels.

Wait.
This has been going on for a LONG TIME, John!
Proof a wall is pointless. I've also heard of contraptions called planes that can fly over and boats that can take a water route.
What is the collective IQ of the #GOP, about 50?
So maybe a wall isn't so effective then...
Your worried about borders and I'm worried for my life. TX constituents are petrified they have been sentence to death by the US Government.
How many feet down into the ground is the wall going to go?
Good thing Trump's wall will take care of that... Oh wait.
Good thing we are building a wall to stop them! 

*sarcasm*
LMFAO! Ooh! But that WALL! It's s'pose 2 keep them out Guess ur bud 4got abt those tunnels 
what's wrong?  Koch brothers not telling you what to say about the tunnels?
The wall is going to help smugglers make big bank!
Your tweets are revealing your incompetence and/or lack of concern for TEXAS.
I guess a 40 billion dollar wall won't help with the tunnels. Too bad
Another reason a wall is an idiotic idea #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
How deep did Trump promise to dog the foundation of that wall?
You sound surprised about something we already knew.
Wait. We might need those to escape the horror that is developing here. 2/2
HEALTHCARE; unstable fake president; fascist regime in WH; party enablers.  Stand up to dictatorship instead of digging for tunnels. 1/2
YOUR VOICEMAIL IS FULL - DO YOU REPRESENT TEXAS OR TRUMP?
and a wall will help this, how???
probably stocks of medecine 'cos of the vicious Republican anti American health care bill-the "kill women" bill @TXlege @TXDemWomen #resist
The wall will have a Yuge impact on those tunnels... so how will you vote when Trump ask for wall funds?
So how will the wall help?
So....tell us how this proposed wall will work?  NO TO THE WALL!
Building a wall won't stop tunnels
A big reason why your fence will not work and it's ugly
Not news, sir. Tunnels have been there for years. But a wall will fix that, right? 
Hey you know where a tunnel can go?? Right under a wall. You have become a party of dunces. #NoBanNoWall #resist
530 aircraft. 309 maritime. Thanks wall!
So...a wall is pretty effective against tunnels right?
your saying we need and underground wall? Interesting analysis. I assume you will stack up bodies of the underinsured for above ground wall.
Maybe you should focus on the demand side of the equation. But the @GOP has always wrongly focused on the supply side of things
So how high are you planning that wall?
Your tweets often appear to be a cry for help. Are you opposed to the president's plans or don't you read the articles? You're an enigma.
Walls don't work.
Taking away healthcare to waste money on a wall.  Let's look at who family members will get the contract for wall.
That's not new and as long there is a demand there will be a drug supply. But the GOP is about to strip away ACA from people so good luck
Thy always been there tells us something we don't know fake politicians
Yeah, the smart ones dig tunnels. That's why a wall is a waste of time. God grief. Get a clue.
A wall will definitely work great against tunnels.
So worried about billions for walls But turning cartwheels about the millions you will kill with no health care But you have health care
Build that ground! Build that ground!
Just a question, how is Donald's wall (that Mexico is NOT going to pay for) going to stop tunnels?
Ability to identify tunnels goes back to the 1970s. Nothing new. What should b new is your public statement against a Wall & townhall sched.
Tunnels are nothing new. HATE wall is what Donald wants for his legacy, he even said maybe he should be called trump wall. Hateful 45
So....do you support building a wall or not? Is this a coded message? Help me out here.
Do you know of any kids that are uninsured, are you still voting yes just to try to get a. W
Kind of making the wall idea a bad one...
Yea that wall will be super effective against those tunnels, huh?
I note you didn't correct Spicer/Mulvaney on the fence lie of yesterday. Do you not know what is on the Texas border?
and a wall will not prevent tunnel rats from digging. @realDonaldTrump @maddow @DFWIndivisible @IndivisibleTeam
So you're saying a trench needs to be built in front of the wall? Behind the wall? The wall won't work? Requires more than stupid wall?
Which is why most don't believe a wall is gonna work. Drones, agents seem more realistic? An easier "work visa" ? Time for logical reasoning
I hope they blew them up!
So that wall will be real impactful.
Sounds like we need a wall! The we can call it El Chapo wall, the goat of all tunnelers! #NoWall #notgoingtohelp
Another reason the wall is a waste of taxpayer money.
Which means there are hundreds more which means a WALL is irrelevant
