please listen to @WillHurd. A wall is ineffective; we need long term solutions not expensive short-sighted ones.
#NoBan #NoWall
 you saw this coming, right? Get with it John, time for a town hall.
No one will be having townhalls as long as the paid protesters are showing up to disrupt and cause harm. That's the truth.
in last 13 years I've attended 0 town halls, 0 rallies/marches. now days full of them & same for 30+ friends /family. #resist
Not for Senators!
We voted for the Wall, total repeal of OC and tax reform! Congress needs to remember and respect that going forward!
A wall in and of itself makes absolutely no sense. Think logically. A barrier needs more than just existence.
You are right... I heard a retired Border Control agent speak today... we must have the man and tech power too!
if republicans stop the wall you will be looking for a new job when you come up for election
Build the wall, am a resident of Corpus Christi, TX. Need drug control and illegal human trafficking. Need to try something
Of course! It was a stupid campaign promise then and it's still a stupid idea now.
what about holding a town hall in Houston? Scared to confront your constituents?
@HeathMayo @WSJ  Then they are not true Republicans.
Texas democrats are against the wall as well. Don't forget you represent democrats too!
they have discovered "ladder technology".
how about a more pressing issues of Ice raids, ACA, gerrymandering, or just come listen to your constituents? #hearourvoice
Senator, Build the wall. Texans do not want excuses, we want a wall and term limits.
Texans do not want to pay for the wall either! You want a wall you pay for it!
.@JohnCornyn, your silence speaks volumes! Host townhalls w/ your constituents. We want hear what you're going to do about #Trump & #Russia.
On this we agree, Senator Cornyn. Expensive, ecologically damaging. Imagine a wall through Big Bend Nat'l Park.
How small minded. "Build a wall." We are better than this! @WSJ
happy to see you believe in something. Now come talk to your constituents
why is @JohnCornyn avoiding townhalls while in his own state?
agree with you 100%
Do you know why so many people in America have walls and fences? Because they work!
not really!
today we agree | Thank you
and you sir will face the same reality check from the Democrats come 2020!
- Nice job Senator Cornyn
great, hold a townhall and let's talk ACA, Russian interference, POTUS taxes too!
they can fight it however when the safety of the country is at risk eminent domain will come in to play.
I agree! Why build a wall when parallel fencing enclosing millions of surplus land mines is so much cheaper
Thank you for any attempt made to moderate #Trump.
@laurameckler not to mention we can't even finish I-35 between Austin and Waco in over a decade. That wall won't be built!
This will be the only time I agree with John Cornyn. 

Wall is the most ridiculous branding campaign ever!
What one Admin giveth, the next can take away! Walls last longer than staffing.
Interesting article. Will you please hold a #TownHall to discuss with your constituents?
don't hold your breath he's just not that in to us
they need to get there act together and get it built!
, it damn-well better.
THNX for creating discord w/ our Mexican neighbor. It's really good for trade! Now abt that town hall—when will you hold 1?
Haven't you figured out that proud Texans want nothing to do with tRump's policies? Find your backbone & stand against him.
YOUR little pony ride on border fooling no one. Beholden to donors $$first. @GOP will pay in 2018 if defy will of voters
thank you! Stop this nonsense! More security is fine. A wall the length of the border is an awful idea.
Flynn got 40k from Russia. How much 45 give U 1-19-17 CNN on live air? Or did U have direct line from Russia too?
Are you telling me this was an unrealistic promise?!  Blindsided by that one.  I need to take the day off to recover.
.@JohnCornyn @WSJ See sir there are things we agree on.  How about a town hall to discuss.
Texas hunter and fishers have rights to access Rio Grande w/o wall in our way blocking the most famous river in Texas.
Thanks for finally doing something right. Even a broken clock, I guess.
We want to know more about Trump and his ties to Russia!
to be facing a reality check if you don't push back on other policies. Also @tedcruz said he wanted to finish the wall @WSJ
And yet you didn't listen to what Texans want on DeVos and have yet to follow through on /Flynn investigations. #Townhall
A real problem solver would advocate prosecuting employers who hire illegal aliens and increasing Visas for low skill emplo
What do you expect. You are a Senator are are supposed to bring level headed solutions to problems. You have failed. Cont.-
We oppose many other things, but u still refuse 2 listen to us, your constituents. Stop blind following this administration
Much like the Romans and Hadrian's Wall.
Thank you for this!
@FoxNews JUST WHEN CAN WE VOTE OUT THE OPPOSITION? MY 3 GENERATIONS OF FAMILY ARE READY! NO MORE KICKING THE CAN & LIB LUV.
@FoxNews EITHER BUILD A WALL OR GET OUT OF THE WAY. NOTHING ELSE HAS WORKED. WALL & TECH & MORE AGENTS. TIRED OF TALK AND LIBS.
You have created hostility w/ our neighbor, &  there will be a price to pay politically, economically & with our security.
Maybe you will come to your senses. You R's are going to destroy the TX economy with this craziness.
Great!  Are you going to speak about it at a townhall? And DeVos? and Price? and the EPA? how about Russia and ethics?
we need a strong border wall to protect our border even during dem pres years. Troops/drones etc won't do that
No wall! It's bad for Texas.
hope u will stand up to Trump more often. Russia? Taxes? #TownHall
Thanks to elected officials for listening to those who live there, and the agents who see the challenges.
that's great. Let's discuss at a town hall. When will you schedule one? Your constituents want to talk to you.
Everyone knows that a "wall" includes natural barriers and enhanced security where man-made wall can't be built.
As it should. You know damn well that it just isn't feasible along Texas' southern border because of the Rio Grande.
The wall is a vanity project for the inept Ppl in Ohio  the idea of the wall. They should move here & work. Time 4 #TownHall
more enforcement personnel can be removed by the next administration, infrastructure is more difficult to remove
GREAT! Bridges; not walls.
thank you for the sanity! Greatly appreciated.
Glad to hear you oppose a wall! Your position in Russia investigation? ACA repeal? #TownHall
Great! Now when is your town hall and statements on ACA, Trump/Russia?
it doesn't make sense given our natural barriers. #Texas
Makes sense since Texans own most of the land. Other states' border lands are Gov owned. Feds need to work with land owners
love to discuss immigration, health care, taxes with you. When is your town hall?
you know what else some Texas Republicans oppose? Their elected official not holding any town halls.
three cheers for acknowledging reality!
What? Are you straying from your Russian leader's wishes? Why won't you answer your phone Coward.
I guess it's true what they say about broken clocks.
wow I thought you had already gone off the deep end. Is it possible there is still some sense left??
put wall where u can, secure rest with Military.
Huh. Governing is hard; 8 years of bitching & obstruction was easy!

The GOP is like the dog who caught the car.
Difference is Repubs respect the car; Dems will trash the car. See Berkeley.
He never called for a "sea to sea" wall.
.@JohnCornyn @All100Senators @WSJ VIchy Republicans are having a difficult time selling their plan to their constituents? Sad!
Thank you. Would love to discuss this, ACA, education, Russian collusion in the #Trump admin., and more. #Townhall #resist
Come and meet with your constituents.
that's nice. More important is getting trumps taxes released. Why won't he release them? Why aren't republicans pressing it
I would like to know the answer to this?  Senator?
finally, some common sense! Now move on to investigate Russian connections to trump! Do your job! Investigate!
investigate McCain--he's the Leak!
Good! That monstrosity has no place in reality. Now, about your views on Russia...will we be hearing them in a town hall?
