Your party runs around screaming how great the economy is under Trump while claiming that we NEED tax cuts on the rich. Wtf? We don't agree!
How many poor and needy ppl are you going to hurt in the process? Why not cut out some the the wars rather than programs that help the poor?
What's been the growth rate over the last 10 years?  And what if it doesn't reach that level of growth? I believe in a balanced budget
You must have failed eighth grade math
You know what they say about assumptions ...
@GOP couldn't balance the budget even if they wanted to. No tax cuts for the rich.
It's literally double what every sane economist thinks is possible.
Trickle down does not work. When will the republicans start  out for the country and not their rich donors.
If you cut Medicare and Medicaid, we will cut you from the Senate.
How much will our deficit grow if the growth does not grow at the rate you say? What will the deficit look like if growth remains the same? You don’t even believe that a balance budget will happen so why say it?
Twitter needs reaction LMFAO.  I hope this is archived.  I might, maybe, I hope, I'm alive 10 years from now.  I wanna see if this true.
That's just bullshit.
WE don't have 10 years. You guys are dreaming.
not to mention imaginary...
Stop drinking the trump koolaid! #texansdeservebetter #wewillrememberin2020
Did Sam Brownback of Kansas get magic offsetting growth from his tax cuts? No, he didn’t...he got the worst recovery in the USA.
One of these days the GOP will look at graphs and data and realize Laffer curve growth makes a lot of assumptions that proved false long ago
They always assume we're on the top side of the curve.  It doesn't make the theory invalid.  Their assumption is political not economic.
The theory is true as there is a productivity peak between 0 and 100% taxation. But as you say they assume we are much higher on the curve.
Modest?
Can you guarantee the middle class will see lower taxes? Because if you can't do so for those tax brackets, it's another empty promise
Please don't talk about anything but Puerto Rico & how to help our fellow citizens right now.
When were you planning on sharing that GOP budget eliminates requirement for CBO score before voting?  You are corrupt to the core.
You know to assume makes an ass out of u and me
Keep lying, John. You're very good at it.
No, he’s not!
Not. Going. To. Happen.
Do tell us how the budget balances after you Borrow and Spend Republicans blow a 5 trillion dollar hole in revenue?
You live in fantasyland.
You really don't believe that crap do you John?
Prove it: get the score from the CBO.

And also: promise me we won't end up like Kansas.
Stupid as Kansas
Even assuming you do that, how much debt will you have accumulated during previous 10 years and why should I hand that debt to my kids?

This will EXPLODE the debt. $5 Trillion in additional national debt.
Retardlicans are only against deficits when Dems are in the Oval Office
Don’t you mean the largest portion of the GOP budget will go toward defense spending while siphoning money from actually important programs?
Thank GOD FOR @POTUS44
a) don't believe you b) if based on tax cuts for 1%, GOP turns whole country into KS & look how that turned out #resist #2020iscoming
Once again, the wealthy celebrate. Gee that never happens.
All on the back of increasing taxes on the middle class & the poor. But hey let them eat cake huh Senator?
Thou warped rough-hewn hugger-mugger!
Senator, how many lives will that cost this country?
Won't matter if the budget is balance, if you can't fix healthcare!
Nope.
Not true. 

Oh... by the way... I hate you.
Meanwhile the middle class dissolves into poverty. Leaving only the rich and the struggling. 
But you're outnumbered and weak
#RESIST #VOTE
Thank you!! We need tax cuts!
That's wonderful.  Any thoughts on Puerto Rico?
Too bad all the people with "pre-existing" conditions or on Medicare won't be there to see if your prediction is correct...
There are better odds of this plan succeeding than JC having an open mtg in his own home state. Words of a coward have no merit.
After your tax breaks for the ultra wealthy, huge increases in military spending, & including the massive cost of climate change...no way.
Show me the math...
Why is that modest? 2.6% growth has happened 5 times in the last 16 years.
Our average growth the last 16 years is 1.8%. This isn't a modest or realistic expectation.
2.6% growth has happened precisely once in the last decade. That's not a modest goal.
How are you going to balance the budget when all you GOP are stealing money from our government time and time again!!
Does it really have a chance though with a 60 vote threshold?
Dude... Clinton did it while he was in office. Left a budget surplus. You are only surplussing Nazi flags, better change up your game.
Giving tax breaks to the rich while gutting funds for institutions that serve the public (i.e., not your big money donors) is a disgrace.
Gotta hand it to you Republicans, you've taken lying to a whole new level. Oh & what about this?
The last round of GOP tax cuts for the rich added 40% to the national debt
Not a chance if you lower corporate rates to 20% and lower the top rate to 35%.
You forgot about increasing 10% bottom bracket to 12% and eliminating estate tax.
Yes that's right
Republican leaders need to get Serious Stand Together with President Trump and Country
My concern is with the unavailability of the rainy day fund for the 5 most rainy days EVER. Taxpayer money, we want it back. #HarveyRelief
Literal rainy day! It's in the title and everything!
Right, just go ahead and lie. What makes you think you can be believed? You are enabling Putin's destruction of our democracy you traitor.
Sure.
What about Puerto Rico?
And also assuming a modest use of private jets by government. Also that.
How about balancing it NOW?  The "10 years" never seems to arrive.
Why not cut the size of government while your at it, America government is too damn big and oppressive with to many duplicated jobs.
Balance the budget in 10 years? So more pork for 10 yrs before we work on the debt? We're doomed - the swamp monsters have won. Primary out
Assumptions run amok.
Not with Trump as POTUS...he doesn't understand budget or policy.
Lies,lies and more lies .you must believe we are as stupid or venal as your statement @txlege @all100senators
Wow john,your opposition on Twitter is 100% now - i think you,re losing all credibility 
Do you also have a wall in Mexico that you'd like to sell us?
Bullpucky, Johnnie Boy. You want tax cuts for the rich & no real reform. Trickle down doesn't work cuz greed....
Wow. People don't seem to like you on Twitter, which is cool because I don't like you either.
CBO projects 1.9% growth over 10 years. https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52801 …
I know y'all don't like the CBO because they are a) not partisan and b) tell y'all stuff you don't like to hear. So if you don't like their number, show your own calculations.
Apologies Senator. I didn’t realize you had eliminated CBO requirements for your budger https://t.co/7Vp5IqrHpY?amp=1
On the backs of the middle class. Thank you very much.
But the GOP doesn't pass anything! So who cares?
You're cred is a bit low these days. Excuse me if I dont believe you.
Not going to happen...
I don't know how you keep getting reelected.
It's called Voter Supression. Works like a charm.
You are well aware of how unrealistic that goal is. However if you increase wages that would grow the economy in a significant way.
That's the John we know, just flat out lying to our faces and making shit up. Great to have you back, John!
Amen brother!
How much money are you giving the rich? How much are taking from schools? How many old and disabled are you going to put in the streets?
I want to see the details, and have them discussed in townhalls across Texas, w/regular Texans.
The problem is that republican policies as a whole crash the economy after about 10 years.
https://twitter.com/AdamParkhomenko/status/913883752069246977 … here's the real truth not the bullshit JC is feeding us.
18) No one, not even Trump and the GOP, knows how the government will be able to pay for their tax plan without running up the deficit.
I don't think you believe any of this john, which makes you a really bad person for trying to sell it.
Operative word “assume”, we all know what that means...
balanced on the backs of middle class taxpayers... bad plan.. and when the Republican recession hits how long will a balanced budget take?
Remember when you voted AYE for grifter Tom Price?  We do. Are all your decisions as good as that one?
Never assume.

Your budget resolution has $1.5T in additional debt that you want to transfer to the wealthiest.

Cmon,  you have no analysis to back that up.  Just a marketing brochure.  People will not be fooled again.
To the GOP Repeal & Replace was a moderate goal that became genocide



Bullshit. Not if you cut taxes. SEND THE MONEY TO PUERTO RICO.
I'd like to buy $5 worth of whatever it is you're smoking. This is BS and you know it. GOP = Treason & Corruption.
How are you going to achieve that? Not with GOP #TaxReform. Your buddy in #Kansas tried and failed.
Except economists disagree.
So basically as long as we have an economic boom on par with that of the 90s were good.
Let's see the details. 
#STOPTHECON
ONLY way I w/believe ANY GOP forecasts (aka BS) is 4me 2smoke/ingest the drugs they are taking MUST be some good stuff
Good job. Just don't go spending a supposed 'surplus' til that 20T in debt is repayed.
The main causes of the deficit are low growth and low taxation. Add Wall St healthcare, corporate welfare, and war spending.
If we reform, eliminate, Obamacare and get tax reform the 3% is a slam dunk.
Yeah cuz our healthcare system b4 Obamacare was so much better for everyone. & look how well the national debt did under Bush's tax cuts!
Not so modest...that's 25% above our average growth over the past 5 years.  https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/gdp-growth ….  Back to the drawing board?
Lies!!! And you know that is a lie!
The @TaxPolicyCenter analysis is just more fake news? Do you, like @POTUS, just say things like this to plumb the depth of our gullibility?
right. but what happens to the deficit?
TOWN HALLS NOW JOHN

COWARD
I think it's that last 'assumption' that experts are finding fault in. And you know what happens when you ASS-U-ME...
Balancing a federal budget means killing the economy & bankrupting households. LEARN ECONOMICS from someone beside @Heritage .
Nope.
Everything I'm reading is the exact opposite
Healthcare John Healthcare balancing budget in 10 Years is bullshit.
you are still not being honest John.
Did your plan take care of the poor first?  And did it hold the rich accountable?
So the deficit is set to continue to rise over the next 10 years? Got it.
Senate GOP can't be trusted. 

Keeping Trump in the WH with clear evidence of mental illness, racism, incompetence, Russian help. 

GOP done
You people are so predictable. No common sense or truthful discourse...just ridiculous hyperbole
https://twitter.com/mkraju/status/913860090473656320 … this will just keep getting longer along with more Reps/Sen. Your party is the party of corruption so believe you?no
Bannon
Flynn
Comey
Priebus…
Clinton and Reagan did under 5 years.
There are going to be a lot of climate disasters to pay for in the next 10 years.
Yeah, sure . . . if only you still had some credibility with your constituents . . . but you don't.
The first real numbers on Trump's tax plan: Multi-millionaires get more than $700,000 back. The poorest fifth gets $60. EK
$60. @JohnCronyn  STICK IT!! You are evil!!
Actually, you're a liar.
Your plan is garbage - it raises out deficit by trillions for massive tax cuts for the wealthy with little to no tax relief for avg Joe
Even I can understand that giving billions in tax cuts to the rich with no revenue creation means a bigger deficit. Why can't the GOP?
#TownHall so we can talk about your lies
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”
