Most people with a brain cell know.  Anti-america resist & trolls with few followers post to try & sway against USA
We Stand to support you
Talk to ur constituents instead of avoiding us. Perhaps u would have more time if u didn't spend so much time tweeting like our president
Lots of guys sitting in jail (still proclaiming their innocence) who were convicted without the proverbial "smoking gun."
Nothing you could do would EVER make me trust one thing you say EVER AGAIN.  $$ must be good.
Oh help us Lord!  You are amazingly blind to all that is clear before you.  I vote in TX!
But the obstruction of justice investigation is a bit of a worry. No?
You're pushing this pretty hard lately? You nervous? Why? Do Your Damn Job. #InvestigateTrumpRussia
He doesn't didn't take the FBI job because the president is so unstable.  Can't fire a senator! #covercornynsass
when is senate going to pass ahca?? ur constituencies know POTUS Trump is honest but dont trust ANY Congressman.
Maybe no smoking gun but u should be concern about all the Russian contact this adm has had. This is not normal! Country before party!!
Hey
Never mind Manchin. Are you a sunshine patriot? Or R U ready to protect NATO, keep allies, search for truth of Russ $$? Which 1?
Two Clinton insiders reveal in new book 'Shattered' that Podesta/Mook hatched the Trump/Russia LIE within 24hrs after Hillary lost election!
They didn't call it a lie, just pushed existing info out into view, Schuyler is a shill, much like Breitbart you have to check their sources
#followtrumpmoney Now that we know @realDonaldTrump and #Trumputin infiltrated our Voting Machines we'll need a 2016 re-vote.
Citing Free Beacon again...
One more thing. NO ONE and I mean NO ONE every expected the GOP to investigate. Thank God you didn't get the job to head up FBI.
You should start looking for another job after Thursday.  Maybe you could work at his casino?
Manchin is a trump stooge. Why would you tweet this?
Because John Cornyn is a trumpsucker.
So very true... (LMAO) #covercornynsass
Yet. . .
Just stop John.
You know damn well that Trump is a garbage person. More and more evidence surfaces every day. You're a complicit sellout.
Why wld the FBI|IC give the Congress their most damning evidence. Especially since some in Congress are complicit in #TrumpRussia
Your true colors have definitely come out, Senator. Nothing but another Trump lackey.
You sure about that? America is watching, and that includes the Comey hearing on Thursday.
This party over country is really unbecoming. Not a good look.
I wish you would read the article:
LOL...betcha that's not what Mueller and his team would say. You don't hire the best & brightest for nothing. #ComeyCometh
If that's what you believe, you don't belong in office.  You may think you're sliding by, failing to get off the fence. But we're watching.
How about an obstruction smoking gun?  Here you go!
Please wake up and stop ruining what reputation you may have left.
Yeah you RT this lie everyday. Can't wait to see it blow up in your face.
@realDonaldTrump @Scavino45 If IOTA OF PROOF ITD B LIVE 24/7 LOOP EVERY MSM STATIONENOUGH get to work Sir!Healthcare Taxes
I trust Joe Manchin as much as I trust you, which is none. GOP traitors/Trump #notmypresident
just a steady drip that will be the end of the GOP as we know it
Not yet.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Well, we can see you've kept an open mind. Sen.Warner: lots of smoke
- Senator, how can you continue to stand for this?  How long will you defend your party instead of the people?

This is shameful.
#fakenews
Can't wait to see you & the rest of the @GOP jump ship like rats if/when something is found by investigators. I'll be waiting w/popcorn.
Another tweet that won't age well. History will not be kind to your complicity in #TeamTreason's egregious crimes.
Wrong. Thank God you're not moving into FBI. Manchin did not say that, the newscaster did. You're actually lying.
Hold a town hall.
Yet, the investigation continues.... POTUS 45 should release tax returns. What is he  hiding?
Hmmmm I think I'll wait for the FBI investigation to be complete before believing that.
Obviously Manchurian couldn't find his head from his a*s. The law was broken by trump campaign meeting with Russian amb. That's enough!!
Sen. Cornyn believes the only requirement of his job is to do photo ops with high school grads, law enforcement, and military.
You are so open minded, Senator. I can tell that you are truly investigating the involvement of foreign agents in our government.
Your tweet sounds like a diversion stunt.  Do you Damn Job!
YET.  There is ongoing investigation, and you know this.  Stop trying to minimize this.  #FailedUSSenator
Don't insult our intelligence and tweet to cover for UR obvious collusion. You'd have to be brain dead not to see somethings up!
"True, yeah," Manchin replied. "They're sending a lot of smoke signals. There's a lot of people we know were involved ..."
I don't think the title of the article reflects the content or the video. Not sure what Cornyn's twitter team is trying to communicate.
Obviously a partisan enabler to twit-treason. Can't wait for history to judge GOP neglect & obstructionism to USA democracy
#Complicit
Oh I see, the NSA report that leaked and showed Russia even hacked our voting system... that isn't enough huh? Were you bad at puzzles?
As much smoke as there is, it would be stupid to think there are no guns. Patience, grasshopper.
I don't need to see the gun to know I've been shot...
right. Keep digging that hole, traitor. You sold out your country, you know it, and now you're trying to play innocent.
Uh, John, he said they will follow the smoke to the facts to the truth. Try it sometime, you might find it refreshing.

What on earth would it take for you? Never mind, I'll vote against you anyway. It's too late for you.

Nervous much! Brushfires surrounding the WH & plumes of smoke everywhere and ur like "nope nothing 2 see here folks". Disgraceful! #Resist
In case you missed it, Reality Winner was just arrested for leaking the smoking gun. Might want to read up on the articles in your comments.
Please allow the investigation to proceed, Senator MIA2, before you call the light you see as the end of the tunnel. Done hiding yet?
It's clear to me now. Cornyn is a stooge for DT and #complicit in treason. You can't tell us this is normal John. You're hiding.
That's why they investigate. Usually investigations don't start with proof. You're a fool.
Still defending Trump. Starting to look like y-o-u are hiding something. Are your pockets lined with dirty Russian money too?
Hey, lackey staffer who tweets for the senator, are these his views or yours? Does he approve these ignorant tweets?
Something something following facts. Quit twittering and get to work.
Do you read any non-propaganda newspapers, or do you have a strict policy of only giving credit to papers/people that agree with you?
let the investigation go unobstructed and we'll see @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @AltStateDpt @IndivisibleTeam @Indivisible_DC
Texans are smarter than this. We're really tired of you treating us like we're stupid with these tweets already. Do your job.
At this point Russia is the least of it. You've hitched your wagon to an incompetent, tweeting adolescent and we won't forget it. 
With this level of cherry picking our farms are going to be just fine.
"You got nothin' on me, Copper!" You sound like every crook, ever.
As a constituent I am disgusted by you. 2020 cannot come soon enough
Let's see what Mueller finds, shall we? Then we can come to a conclusion. You aren't trying to hinder him, are you? #doyourjob
This makes you look like you're participating in obstruction of justice.
You forgot to add the word "yet." This is misleading. The news reported lots of smoke, but no gun yet. Inconclusive. Nice selective message
So the investigation is over? Or have you decided the outcome? Judges have to listen to ALL the evidence.
Just bcz there is no smoking gun dn mean there is no evidence.  Any lawyer worth his salt knows that.  Sit tight and see what unfolds.
Thanks for caring so much for TEXANS by keeping an open mind--oh wait... Why don't you hold a #TownHall to explain?!?
Yet
Hold a #townhall and tell us to our faces that you won't do your job. Why do you hide behind Tweets and your answering machine? Coward.
Keep up trying to distract...we know you're smack dab in the middle of the corruption.  #maketexasblue
Yes because there is no smoke caused by fire but actually by a big bomb.
Why did you leave out the part where he says but "there is a LOT of smoke"?
, the Free Beacon is not a reputable news source. But I'm sure you already knew that. #doyourjob
Fake senator
in case you missed it...https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/federal_government/report-suggests-russia-hackers-breached-voting-software-firm/2017/06/05/9d3c35f4-4a3c-11e7-987c-42ab5745db2e_story.html?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.881f51073484 …

You quote Free Beacon; I'll quote Daily Mail.
Manchin? The same guy who's in the back pocket of you corrupt Senators so he can try and get his daughter off the hook for epi-pen? Whatever
How many tweets about smoking before investigation is concluded, party over country Maj Whip? Where's that Texas townhall schedule?
Stop prejudicing your investigation.
Will you please quit?
- Maybe not yet. Investigation is by no means over, no matter what GOP might like. Interesting witness testimony this week, eh?
Not yet but when you follow the money it will produce solid evidence. We shall see where this goes and you may not like it
In case you haven't noticed the investigation is not over! Stop obstructing and help with investigation! Texas, let's vote this traitor out!
Senile & delusional is no way to go through life.
It's prettty clear youve made up your mind. Please resign. Your loyalties are with a party, not the people. We need a leader, not a follower
You are an embarrassment to the state of Texas!
Agreed!
Misleading
My God what is the purpose of tweets like this? To confirm we have not yet proven beyond reasonable doubt POTUS is a criminal?
Well, I'm convinced!  Not.
Trump is not America first, he's Donald Trump first. So go down with the Titanic, by all means.
There's not always some dramatic unveiling as in crime shows w/quick endings, there is typically a slow unraveling picture of guilt.
Rest of quote, "They're sending a lot of smoke signals...a lot of people we know ...involved & had...contact or relationships with..Russians
Washington Free Beacon?? What kind of rag is this?  Get reliable source #NationOverParty
Keep your head buried in the sand abrogating your responsibilities to the country while u feed your narrow, selfish political interests. Sad
Aids and Associated with Russia ties - Michael Flynn, Sessions, Kushner, Mannafort, Carter Page, Roger Stone, J.P. Gordon, Michael Cohen
Cornyn.
Proof doesn't lead to an investigation, it's the other way 'round...
So, as usual, you use someone else's words so you do not have to use your own. Stop with this nonsense and SPEAK to your constituents.
20 people phone in about location of murder weapon. Police start looking. Judge Cornyn says, "Police haven't found weapon. Case dismissed."
By the way, Senator Head in the Sand, the investigation still is about Russian influence in the election.
You're exposing yourself not only as a partisan but also a fool. Think that's the hope and dream your mama had for you?
Let the inv take its course. It won't Hurt my feelings any if Manchin is wrong.
When you call his office to ask, his staff says this is exactly his position (?) I guess he saves his real feelings for twitter. #VoteHimOut
YET....is what he said...
No joke -- if there was, there'd be arrests and/or impeachment proceedings.  That's why they're STILL INVESTIGATING. #WeAreSickOfYou
YET. But the investigation is still ongoing. Settle in for a long Benghazi like ride. Comey, Muller. Nice try though, Big John.
Resign
"Nothing to see here, folks, move along...."
Are you still avoiding those of us who vote in Texas. We would like you to do your job. Country over crooked party. Texas deserves better!!!
Bless ur heart.
What do you say we let the investigation take its course?
Manchin  will say anything to get his daughters DOJ case thrown out
Ahh-ha!! Is that the case.
Stop obstructing & let the investigation proceed before you reach conclusions.
Maybe focus on creating a healthcare plan hat won't kill everyone with pre-existing conditions right now. Your constituents want that.
So you tell people not to jump to conclusions and then you give a conclusion before the investigation is over?
There's an investigation - we'll see

#BREAKING Exclusive: Sen. Mark Warner says Russian election attacks were 'much broader' than NSA document shows https://usat.ly/2sP0gF4 
