Aetna's "withdrawal has been exploited by Republicans to justify repealing the act."  Aetna lied about why they left the market.
Right - IF nothing happens. Why not try to fix the issues that need attention? Oh right, because Obama iz bad derhurhur
But you have the power to fix--stop trying to repeal and instead improve the ACA. GOP sabotage is what's making ins companies pull out
Isn't that what you were elected to do?Serve the people? Breaking medicare for the wealthy helps how? #DenialisNotARiver
How much does that CEO make? Let's discuss this and #TrumpRussia at a #TownHall 75248
Mark my words, your plan will walk and talk like ACA. 7yrs and you couldn't design anything better.
Greedy coward insurance companies are pulling out. Thats why.
Stop trying to scare people. CEO's stop taking $$$in bonuses make it work! When will you ans ur phone reply to emails? Time for you to go.
Really? Aetna CEO? We're supposed to care what he says? He's all about profit, not sick people. Shows where your heart lies. Town hall soon?
FIX it! You are so totally out of step with your constituents. It's time you held a town hall meeting.
since you guys want to regulate my body, thought you should learn something about it.
Sir, Do you represent Texas or Aetna?
Stop pissing on our heads and calling it rain @JohnCornyn
The Republican gloat is more than mildly nauseating - greatly helped by the GOP - You just don't want Obama to get any credit - you lose
@Aetna is the gold standard for unbiased reporting for sure #obamancare saves lives but *might* cut into profits *rolls eyes*
Translation 'Chubby Aetna fat-cat wants to sweat more caviar' #Obamacare #ACARepeal
The same Aetna who it was revealed today lied about its reasons for pulling out of the marketplace?
End Congress' health benefits.  They can get healthcare in the Free Market like the rest of the US Citizens.  #endcongresshealthbenefits
Aetna net income 2014 2 billion; 2015 2.4 billion; 2016 2.3 billion.  CEO pay 27.9 million 2016.  Aetna merger w/ Humana denied. They r mad.
How much do the top executives at Aetna "earn?"  More importantly, how much do they pay you @JohnCornyn to say these things?
Ok.  So fix it not repeal it.  I vote in TX!
In the meantime, President Trump is looking for an honest FBI Director to investigate President Trump. #MAGA
Your response to firing of Comey is unacceptable. No.
ABOLISH! KILL IT WITH FIRE.
you mean the sketchy looking bookie in the photo?
Bertoluni made 27.9 million in 2015.
It's on your watch now. You got the repeal - but your plan to replace is UNACCEPTABLE, woefully inadequate, deplorable - shame on you
Let's quote a tweet from a CEO of a major healthcare corporation to try to prove a point. Think he's biased a tad? Who's side are you on? 
since you guys want to regulate my body, thought you should learn something about it.
So says #CornynTheCimmerian
ACA easily fixed-expand Medicaid expansion, include all states, provide subsidies where there are only one or 2 ins cos, but u want politics
Ummm it was profitable... before it wasn't according to HIS remarks last year oh wait- wasn't their a Humana deal in between?
That's because it has been systematically sabotaged by Republicans and insurance companies. Wanna fix it? Single payer is the answer.
Aetna's CEO? How do his testicles taste & how much did he 'contribute' to your re-election John?
Yes - and what needs to happen is Aetna and likes need to be eradicated from the healthcare system
The American people demand an independent investigation into trump
Can we stop talking about ACA as if it is only exchanges? 10 essential benefits made employer healthcare much better. Be honest. #Trumpcare
He said fix the ACA not repeal it, You only say Obamacare so that if it fails, his name will be attached to it, its a cheap trick,
How about making it better rather than repealing it.
@Aetna is great at taking money but provides terrible coverage, why align with them? Texans deserve better. You should demand better for us.
Sorry I don't listen to insurance companies regarding my healthcare. They are only in it for the 
Start putting in applications
The alternative is worse
So do your job and fix it.  Not repeal and replace - identify opportunities and correct deficiencies
So the GOP solution is to buy more bullets and bombs while offering Americans less health coverage????
trump is making phone calls to ins co to sabotage ACA - AMHC is bad for Texans - work with dems to improve
Not if you fund it. It is your choice
Why are you avoiding hearing from constituents? Since you won't tack faxes/calls I'll leave my concerns here
Correct,because for profit system is destined to fail. Just let unbridled Capitalism destroy our country. Pharma & Insurance will reward you
Where are the women and people of color on your "health" panel?  Just a bunch of old white men figuring out how to screw Americans.  Shame!
Have u checked how much the CEO earns in a year?
Sorry but the Aetna CEO who profits tremendously off of the broken system isn't the best source to cite.
BY DESIGN
get ol' @hughhewitt on it he's a great insurance co shill

.@JohnCornyn attacks Yates' credentials as a public servant for failing to defend Trump's Muslim ban. 

Yates CLEANS HIS CLOCK! Take a look: 
So get to work @John Cornyn and fix it. Quit trying to destroy a basically good program. #FixObamacare
Right. Fix it. But seniors should be charged more for aging. #noagetax
The 4 D's of mainstream Republican strategy:
Divert, Deflect, Deceive, Distract

In a rare unifying moment, hospitals, doctors and insurers criticize the health bill http://nyti.ms/2qxuMFM 
U.S. judge finds that Aetna deceived the public about its reasons for quitting Obamacare
It seems, John, you are less concerned about the wellbeing of your constituents than you are about keeping a constituency. #hypocrite
So do the RIGHT THING, not what the horrible House bill does. Value women's health, veterans, preexisting conditions, older ppl & affordable
Why has no one investigated the pull out of insurance companies based in retaliation for disallowing a merger???
Aetna is big business & want more profit. Looks like think UR there 2 help him & wealthy. Thanks John! Thought you worked 4 us.
Stop posting from biased sources that skew the opinions of those they quote: http://www.cnbc.com/2017/05/02/aetna-ceo-obamacares-biggest-problem-is-that-its-not-fully-funded.html …; http://fortune.com/2017/05/03/obamacare-repeal-aetna-ceo/ …
Agreed, So fix it.If your roof leaks, do you repair it or tear it down and build another house? #AHCA #SaveMyCare #iamapreexistingcondition
we get it. You want people to die.
yes, it needs to be fixed. Current AHCA is not an acceptable alternative.
Aetna is a fraud, CEO is a liar. John, do you ever read the news, or do you just pass the propaganda on.
Single payer is the only acceptable option.  We will not let you & GOP take steps backwards.  Your career in senate is almost over. Corrupt
Quit repeating falsehoods
#AnswerThePhone, Feckless John. Stop hiding from constituents. #TownHall #Impeach45 #TheResistance
Then work with Dems to fix it. Nonpartisan experts have outlined what would get it on track. Quit being a drama queen. Lead for a change.
Never Forget 

Cornyn Fully Supports Trump

 Hiring White House Foreign Agents
 Cutting MILLIONS off Health Care
 Protecting Trumps Lies
You had years to strengthen Obamacare's weaknesses, but chose to obstruct. Now you cry that it's falling apart. Self-fulfilling prophecy.
. He won't get his big bonus at the end of the year. Poor CEO
Aetna CEO made almost $28 million last year. Aetna pulled out of markets to avoid scrutiny over attempted merger with Humana,said fed judge.
http://money.cnn.com/2017/01/24/investing/aetna-obamacare-humana-merger/ …
He talks about "we" repealing ACA. Is he a legislator or does he just own legislators? He hates President Obama because BHO blocked merger.
You have the power to do something to keep that from happening by working across the aisle to fix it... why are you so focused on repeal?
He added, "What we need to do is admit that it needs to be FIXED" (not repealed, get it?)

Demand a real debate on #Trumpcare. Because the rules the Republicans are using don’t require one. 
Please explain to the Trumpsters how Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio sabotaged "Obamacare". They don't yet get it.
We can find just as many of these headlines that say the opposite. Get off your butt and make AFC better. That is your job!
Only because he'll lose $$.  Your rich friends and donors don't care about "health" only wealth
Why don't you work with the democrats and make repairs? #SavetheACA
but you could fix it, couldn't you?  Are you powerless to maintain existing legislation so that your constituents prosper?
People over Party!  (gasp)
@JohnCornyn is now a full-fledged member of #RussiaGOP #trumprussia, including Sessions McConnell Ryan Tillerson Pence Ross Burr @POTUS

BULLSHIT COWBOY
I think we all agree, it need to be fixed.  Not dismantled.
how do you disregard this court decision and the in your support for Aetna? #factsmatter
*edit* /how do you disregard this court decision and your support for Aetna?/
Because you people they have been elected to represent our best interests refuse to fund it properly. You are only interested in you.
-  Fox in Henhouse: Chicken Populations Will Continue To Decline, Unless Something is Done About Chickens!
Insurance can't make $ on sick people. The question is would our country prefer healthy people or wealthy CEOs?
YUP, instead of fixing Obamacare, because that would be the easy thing to do. The @GOP keeps sabotaging it. So hate filled it's pathetic
It's called #RepublicanSabotaging so let's make something happen! Force Repubs in Congress to keep Obamacare and tweak so all on it. Fixed!
You have no room to talk with Texas Childern been deprived of health care even on medicad, Some one needs to investigate Texas health care
You have no room to talk, your own constitutes are having to do with out health care even with Medicad, ( disabled )
ACA is deteriorating because  Insurance Companies want the multi-billion $ payday they get from the Republican Plan (Trumpcare.)
How much $$$ is Aetna putting in your pockets?
gop needs to take the healthcare pubpolicy agenda away from dems...#1 pubpolicy that needs decentralized solution.
Yes, PLEASE believe the insurance companies. they help you get the medical care you need.DENIED!...Friendly reminder from ur bedside nurse
So fix it. That's your job.
oh saving lives isnt profitable is it Aetna. fix obama care not this nazi pre-existing conditions-no medical for YOU. Trump/Ryan. non care
LOOOOOL!
And don't think sir was a sign of respect none exists for you or cornyn! Both should resign effective immediately!
yes the CEO of a major health insurance company is a very good unbiased nonpartisan voice to turn to on this issue thanks for that
Imagine that?! Big insurance hating the ACA! You're in bed with the insurance companies. Shame.
I agree big insurance is not making money, hence the bitching. The WH started the hemorrhaging in 2016 by not promoting ACA registration.
The major issue with ACA is there are not enough healthy people to balance the actuaries of the sick people. Big insurance not making money.
People will signup for ACA. You just need to drop your drawers, cave and compensate big insurance for losses for a short period of time.
Your embarrassing rebuke of Yates yesterday demonstrates loyalty to @gop over constitution and . The stain on your reputation won't fade.
Sounds like your vagina is still sore from yesterday's pounding courtesy of Sally Yates?
How much did this guy take home last year? Big Insurance & Pharma are killing our healthcare system. They see GOP sabotage - we all do
Until the GOP deals honestly with the Russia collusion issue, you have no credibility on ANYTHING
He's lost the wee bit of credibility he has with me...no town halls and no returning calls.  Just canned emails.
John, it's pretty clear that your constituents aren't happy with you, especially after yesterday's poor showing at #YatesHearing. #TownHall?
You just linked an article saying it needs to be fixed not repealed
FIX IT!
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @JohnCornyn @RepKevinBrady That is rich.  I have had Aetna coverage for 30 years thru my job and their ...
..premiums have increased and their service has deteriorated.  I use them for MediCare Advantage now.  I would switch, but the others are ..
.. just as bad.  Don't assume that the private sector is without faults.
A tax cut to the rich and taking insurance away isn't a fix.
So fix it. You're not throwing the baby out with the bathwater, you're drowning it first - and killing millions of Americans in the process.
No one is saying the ACA doesn't have issues - so fix it instead of breaking it.
Exactly....even President Obama said it needed that 7 years ago...growing pains...like it was with SS and Medicare back in the day
He wants that $100+ bil in bribe money y'all earmarked for that purpose in the #AHCA!
And they think we are too stupid to see... shameful
You should be working on improving healthcare not destroying it. Single payer. Look into it. America's future. Get to work. Stop tweeting.
So will everything else. That why we perform maintenance and care. To sustain the things we need. How hard is this?
That man and all of his ilk are greedy, despicable con men just like the prez! And u showing this makes u just as awful....but we knew this!
He means he'll not make as much money. Socialize healthcare. Put him out of business.
So this is where you're getting your info: the insurance companies. Did ya ask him how insurance companies make money?
Restore funding.
AARP is against The bill
Why believe an insurance executive? He's salivating at the thought of raising premiums, denying coverage for preexisting conditions.
The ACA is being attacked from within by a hostile administration and you are doing precisely NOTHING to help! Hypocrisy doesn't help either
If U had even 2 oz of courage U would stand up to Crooked Ryan and McConnell.and be a MAN. but.the more U don't.are U in the Russia web too
- SMH. U are misreading public mood. Gee, why would Aetna want ACA to crash? Let's think. Oh wait AHCA = $ for them
Aetna sells insurance plans to employers. They don't know how to manage care for lots of folks in different categories. Seek help Maj Whip.
It's almost like you're a senator who could do something to ensure its success or something
Then do the things that should have been done over the last seven years to make it work as intended!
Fix ACA, then
No one imagined Rs would place party over country.  That's how Rs sabotaged ACA http://www.cnbc.com/2015/05/29/texas-pays-a-big-price-for-saying-no-to-medicaid-expansion.html …
Clearly not even Obamacare could rescue Frankenstein health ins system based on employers & private insurers. Repeal&replace w single payer!
You're in their pocket, big surprise there.
FIX Obamacare then! Strengthen it! Do NOT repeal it and replace it with the House's abomination, Trumpcare! #TrumpDontCare
And you're the one who chose to do nothing for years when fixes would help. Poor leadership.

"AARP is now letting its 38 million members know how their elected Representative voted on this health bill." 

AARP is steadfastly opposed to this deeply flawed health bill & will continue to fight it as it moves to the Senate. http://spr.ly/60138gGfb 

AMA: "The bill passed by the House today will result in millions of Americans losing access to quality, affordable health insurance." 
AETNA's ransom demand is approval of mergers to reduce competition.
So fix it!!! How many times do we have to say that before you listen?
Obama lectures Congress on "political courage" to keep Obamacare as-is to preserve HIS legacy. Doesn't he want improvement? @SenateMajLdr
@JohnCornyn will continue to see rapid mental deterioration if nothing happens and he stays in office.
DSRM code for this disorder? VOTE2020
Then do your duty and find a solution that will make the ACA better. No time for politics the American people need real workable solutions!
1) your constituents don't want the ACA repealed 2) you're terrible at deflecting from #TrumpRussiaInvestigation. #OutIn20 #TurnTXBlue
& ps: you embarrassed yourself & TX yesterday.
#SallyYates handed him his hypocritical, partisan ass. It was amazing!
Texas senator literally has insurence company speak on his behalf. A big win for democracy and for the people?
No. It will only do that because @Aetna will let it.
Which is GOP plan. Undermine it at every opportunity so when it fails you can say I told you so.
LET IT DIE!!!
Aetna CEO? Of course he would say that. You are  in his pocket. Do at least 1 thing right and stop being a stooge and selling us out!!!
Then make something happen that is for the good of all Americans and stop making a Fool of yourself like yesterday w/Yates. We are watching.
All cause you hated president Obama how sad.
Yes Becaue McConnell and you unfunded it
Are you trying to distract from getting #Yates'd yesterday? Please stop opening your mouth...you're embarrassing Texas. #Trumprussia #resist
If only Ms Yates had defended EO healthcare in America would be perfect. Replutocrat attacks had nada to do with ACA problems. All EO.
first @FreeBeacon isn't really news. Second, we get it, your #superrich #CornynCronies want their #trilliondollar #taxbreak #sad
Bam. So true
You were an embarrassment yesterday, some may even thing that u and slimeball @tedcruz are part of the cover-up. History won't be kind to u!
So help sure up Obamacare by getting stated to adopt Medicaid expansion and putting in better cost controls. You keep acting like repeal
Is the only fix when it's actually the worst option.
Aetna CEO: let's see if we can get back at the government because our merger was blocked
While they outsource claims processing to India.
You walked into the wrong meeting yesterday Senator. That was supposed to focus on Trump/Russia. Shame on you, do your damn job.
I watched this yesterday and Cruz and Cornyn both looked so stupid with their questioning.  Sally Yates wiped the floor with them both.
It was just so easy for Sally when Cornyn & Cruz show they are no match for honesty. Corruption being rooted out! Bye-bye bad dudes! Resign
Because Republicans and Trump are making it deteriorate
You are fooling no one...they stand the gain more profit under the GOP system just like the rich will benefit from tax cuts
