Tell us how you feel about his wish to discard the first amendment, Cornyn. Will you go so far as to defend even that?
@clayton4449 @JohnCornyn @nytimes We are learning Cornyn and Cruz are not the defenders they they professed to be. Treason in WH
Why is this so important to do? Everything Obama put in place wasn't bad for USA citizens. Balance & governing for ALL is important..
Your so proud to strip America  .While you collect kick backs for doing it . No shame at all about selling ISP. No clean water . No schools
Congratulations to the inmates! The asylum is yours!
Trump discards democracy, one presidency at a time. Dark days.
Makes sense. You're a bible thumping racist. Nothing else matters to you. Literally nothing.
Why dont you have a town hall where we can talk about it
Too chicken shit.
WHY DO YOU THINK THIS IS A GOOD THING
The Trump legacy will be of a disgraced puppet that accomplished nothing positive before being impeached.
You do not represent the people of Texas!  #voteHimOUT
As the country slides into fascism, you tout victory and do nothing about Trump's ambition to be dictator.
@JohnCornyn - Your tweets are going to be so fun to re-read after the Trump team indictments on Russia collusion come out.
that is nice. one fine instrument of mass destruction. serves no other purpose. yes yes, the constitution. still, it's a killing machine.
Shame, shame on you.
You post pro-violence on a day when Texas has seen so much violence. Why does GOP want to hurt Americans?
Or is legacy what you did not what the next guy did as that is Trumps legacy.
GOP obsession w/Obama is sad.  You hate him bc?? He beat u at every turn.  He is decent & beloved. Makes u feel small...in every way, huh?
Shameful excuse for a public servant. If you're not indicted with all of your other GOP cohorts, 2020 will take you down
Remember, unjust executive orders can always be undone. It's better to solve issues with legislation - not decree.
Almost 3.9 MILLION Texans voted for Hillary. You represent them too. You are supposed to be thinking of all of us. Try to remember that.
John, you represent Texas. Budget, no wall and you vote for abortion. No tax reform, no healthcare reform. Or you afraid or just plain dumb
How unfortunate considering a majority of Americans voted for Obama both times. Trump failed to get those numbers.
#FAIL #IMPEACHTRUMP
Cuz we all want crazy people running around with guns,dirty water and air, I hope Texas gets rid of you next election.
Thank you @JohnCornyn for sharing this message and reminding voters you support issues that 76% and 82% (respectively) oppose. #2020 bye
And we will discard everything Trump does one Senator at a time.
I thought you guys said Obama didn't do anything. You sure are doing a lot of work undoing it.
Your party will run to of things to destroy and destroy each other like @realDonaldTrump did he is putting the last rusty nail in coffin now
"A blunt and thoughtless assault on rules that would have increased people’s safety" .@JohnCornyn you should be ashamed! #TownHall
You are a hemorrhoid on the ass of humanity. Obama has already been ranked #12 President in history. You afraid of POC? Pitiful.
Hitler too surrounded himself with mediocre imbeciles from his party.
And it SO sucks! Obama was a good prez & trump can't stand it. He's only dismantling because of his ego/narcissism. Great guy ur supporting!
what a hypocrit @JohnCornyn is! Vote him out in 2020!
Your point in this would be? Oh, bragging rights over a man destroying what the popular and electoral elected him to do. Sad and patheti.
Yes, wonderful progress destroying our American liberties!  Exactly what the Trump cult wants and John Cornyn is one of the blind followers.
Thanks for reminding us how screwed up your priorities really are.  These little reminders from you are very helpful.
Enjoy it while your limited time lasts.  You guys have awoken a lot of people to what you are really all about. Did you know most people ...
don't want polluted rivers,  mentally dangerous people to have guns,  companies to sell their personal data, contaminated drinking water...
also don't want women to have more restrictions on available healthcare. We are all watching & waiting until the midterms and impeachment.
What is wrong with you, Senator? Aren't you supposed to support the welfare and protections of all Americans? Have you no shame?
Trump 2016: "Executive orders are what someone who can't get consensus uses!"

Trump 2017: Signs 30 executive orders in 100 days. Obama? 14.
I love the one where the GOP makes themselves exempt from Obamacare rollbacks #doasIsaynotasIdo
This a bad thing senator
Your support for this Administration and their callous, petty, money-grabbing ways does not make you a conservative. It makes you a monster.
Can't wait to vote u and Prez Dumbo OUT!!!!
Proud moment for you ... reversing legislation that protected the environment, consumer rights, American privacy and now healthcare.
I love our national parks.
I also liked the regulations preventing health insurance from turning away those of us with pre-existing conditions.
I also liked the regulations protecting clean water.
So f'ing sad! What the hell is wrong with him! He cannot stand the comparisons cuz he is so incompetent and such a narcissist!
How is this a good thing? Roll back EPA, discriminatory practices 2 women, minorities, immigrants, protect Wall St, etc is  to brag abt.
Many of your constituents do not consider this good news. MANY.
Thats working for texas and not party #sad #taxreturns  #RUSSIA #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #DOYOURJOB #WORK4TEXAS
Corny it might help you to touch base in person with your constituency every now and then...
For what? Trump's legacy of strangling the planet; discarding the most vulnerable in our society; ruining public education? SAD...
I guess Obama left his magic pen behind.
including protection from financial fraud+environmental destruction Explain at a Town Hall,do YOUR job #senateintelligencecommittee @txlege
What you don't seem to get is that THIS IS NOT A GOOD THING! Trump discarded needed environmental and safety protections out of pure caprice
. Doing anything about it !!!  No !!!!!!!!
Big mistake.
Cornyn is the worst kind of a politician. He's in it for the money. Doesn't give a damn about people only companies. #CoinOperated #Liar
Because that's just how grown ups should behave. You guys are an embarrassment to the country and the world.
this is nothing to be proud of.
He obviously didn't read the article as it is very critical of republicans use of a nuclear option to get their way. #PartyOverCountry
Scary as hell! Just what we need....more Bubbas with automatic weapons.
NYT...News usually not fit to read!
You cannot say one nice thing about Obama  you must be a racist

Again proving that R party has absolutely ZERO ability to govern. It's pretty funny that your party's pettiness...
... will only further cement his legacy. 8 years of obstruction followed by this? You'll be villains in history books.
It's almost like you can't think for yourself.
Assuming you believe this is a good thing..mentally ill buying guns, poisoning air & water, no thought towards future generations. Sad
& fills the Koch brothers pockets one removed rule at a time - at the same time driving a deeper divide in the country
This is a sad way to run a government. We should build on the programs of previous administrations
#trumplackey This will not go well for you in 2020.
What is going to be your legacy, John?  You should start thinking about it 2020 is coming fast.
Real Smart people will put it back shortly! #FUDT
You are an embarrassment
Yes, and I am going to miss the protections he set up that have now been destroyed, like the fiduciary rule & coal runoff regulations.
And of course the rule he implemented that you destroyed with the bill you sponsored that eroded our internet privacy.
Here's a tip: your constituents want to keep net neutrality. We don't want ISPs making more money off us when we watch Netflix.
There were 27, 100 day items on the Trump contract with the American people. 17 checked off (62%), but effectiveness rating was only 22%.
Many of the 100 day checklist items were reversed, not done, in courts, not likely to occur. BTW, there was one duplicate.
You should applaud the ineffectiveness of POTUS, Sir. Not happy in your ability to represent the interest of Texans and the American people.
All I can say is you are disgusting, John Corny, and I'm embarrassed that you are my senator. Hopefully not for long.
And America weeps, one tear at a time! #sad #resist
I see that Senator, knowing ppl will look at that pic &  buy the lie that Dems/Obama want to take ppl's guns, you stoke the flames of fear.
You're a monster. And continue to prove it over and over again. Bonus? You're a coward who won't speak to his constituents.
Well put Senator....we are all mourning Obama's integrity, experience, diplomacy, respect, education, class, truth telling, loyalty to USA..
It'll be interesting to see how the arc of history swings re guns to the mentally impaired but I think you're wrong
I would not brag about that
Congress needs to start doing the same !!! So tired of the game playing!!!! ENOUGH!
And you sit by and let him.  Shame!
You are proud of the EO's to roll back EPA & less clean drinking water for Americans? Shame on you. How is the #TrumpRussiaInvestigation?
So sad. Have to undo everything that black man did.
How many years will you blame Obama for your problems? Just asking...
I suspect a big part of this is spite rather than a profound belief in anything
This should not make you feel proud or secure in your position.
And you think this is good? #TrumpRussia
You are an embarrassment
And we're going to do our best to discard you in 2020.
Count me in on this one.  I live in Texas and I vote.
And the left said Trump hasn't accomplished anything....
must suck 4 him 2 be so insecure!
Yep John,gun violence is on the increase, sad what happened in California over weekend @DFWIndivisible @indivisibletxjc
How'd that Obamacare vote work out for y'all? You can take away our clean drinking water but at least we will have Obama to thank for ins.
Disgusting!
I hope you aren't sharing this out of pride, John.  Remember, pride goeth before the fall.
This seems counterproductive since the majority of the country voted to continue his legacy and he also has a 65% approval rating
And Congress caves.
Help him repeal the AFA!
That's right, undo everything the black man has done. Why, because he's black?? Some of these rules protect Americans you know..EPA, GUNS
You are a small man
That is for @JohnCornyn so weak and threatened that he now keeps a public tally of his systematic dismanteling of America for the big donor$
