just stop
You are lying again
Senator, does that growth rate keep up with the demand for health care by people who can't afford it? That's the real issue.
forget about every thing , get rid of Trump, he wants a reason to resign. find one are you may be leaving D.C.
Still looking in art. 1 sec. 8 for any mention of healthcare or insurance. You need to be replaced. #RINO @DwayneStovall for Senate
@JohnCornyn Stop lying to the American people!! You are ONLY TRYING TO GIVE TAX CUTS TO THE WEALTHY AND CORPORATIONS!! STOP THIS NOW!!
It won't affect us, but millions of Texans will suffer. Why don't you ask pharma & insurance execs making 97/mil a yr to lower their prices?
You lost my vote.

Sincerely,

Texas Voter
And that's good? I thought u were a republican!?!  How is entitlement reform gonna work if ur too cowardly to do it!?!?
Liar. Trumpcare destroys Medicaid expansion. Why don't you have a town hall where we can discuss in person? You are too scared, aren't you?!
Health care is not a commodity...it's a right. #MedicareForAll
Vote no on Trumpcare!
But does it grow as fast of the population?
#RepealObamaCare now! Get our government out of healthcare and allow the free market to do what our government can't, work effectively.
When @realDonaldTrump is removed from office, we can never forget how long and hard @JohnCornyn fought for his corrupt administration.
Not enough! #DoYourJob #ProtectOurCare
Texan's what to know how you justify give $m to wealthest while abandon must vulnerable no access to #HealthcareBill INDIVISIBLE
When r u and your cronies going to vote for the health care plan you promised.
Why the tax cut for the rich? Let's discuss at a #TownHall
Agree completely.  Discuss at a town hall and see democracy at work.
But also at a rate well below the rise in medical costs- meaning states will have to kick in $ or kick people off. Tell me I am wrong.
Under current law it grows even bigger but Trumpcare would suppress its growth. This is how Medicare is affected. You know this but spin.
How  many dollars will you pocket in lower taxes @JohnCornyn if you can push this bill through the Senate? Explain that to workers in Texas!
^^^LIAR! Fed funding would grow along w/ pop growth but spending per person will drop. And you KNOW that, you flimflam artist. Disgusting!
Let's do basic math. +71 - 780 billion = > 700 billion cut, 22 million without insurance.  Let's talk #Townhall
Better Care Act is a lie. Call it what it is, tax cut for the wealthy like U. The Founders would be disgusted by ur conflict of intetest
But will my mom be able to afford this and keep her current physicians? You guys need to consider the felt need at the grassroots level
You are delusuional. You do not care about the American people. Show us you care!
And BCRA would give 10x that to the very, very rich. But that makes sense to someone who spent last weekend w Koch Bros, not constituents.
CBO says this isn't true and that Medicade >elugubility< decreases  and private medical policies preens increase.
First you plan to gut it by $772 billion. Those are the CBO numbers. #stoplying
Precisely why your voters want COMPLETE REPEAL/NOT REPLACEMENT OF OBAMACARE-AS PROMISED!
Wow hope you never lose a job, become disabled, or need long term nursing home care &have a 'top 1%' income. If not you might need Medicaid
Repeal BEFORE replace? Are the republicans insane?!?
We are not falling for shiny objects here. The bill is fatally flawed & will cause harm-especially to the elderly, poor, women & children!
Just Repeal the damn thing effective 2019. That will settle the whole thing and force Dems deal.
"Better Care" as in "You'd better care because you're losing your care and I don't care", .@JohnCornyn and @SenTedCruz? 
#BCRA = #DeathCare
John you mean under the Relief for the Rich Act (RRA) they get tax cut 1% american ppl get shaft less HC higher premimums and lifetime caps.
Have you considered a town hall or some other avenue of communicating with Texans? I feel like there is a dysfunctional relationship here.
Then change it!!!!!!
Hey John, if I can get 100 Texans to donate $100 each to your campaign fund, would you have a town hall meeting with us?
BullShit! How can you spend more money to attain WORSE healthcare outcomes?
Texans don't want your shitty wealth-care act. Idea - How about you represent your constituents instead of special interests for once?
Every one of your tweets is met with 95% negative responses. Do you care? These are your constituents after all...
This is the case you're making now? Vote for our bill because it will grow government?
STOP LYING. Stop stop stop.
This is a flat out lie.  Have you no shame?
None stop lying
You're capping the program, while costs continue to rise, creating a gap that leaves millions fewer covered by Medicaid than otherwise.
But you're just tweeting these misleading talking points early in the morning hoping Trump will see them before he stops ranting, right?
Can you share that in context? How much will the population and medical costs grow over the same period? A dollar amount isn't informative.
Who can pay for this?
22 million people would lose insurance, John
How was your free vacation with the Koch brothers in Colorado?
Today would be a good day for you to have a Townhall and quit avoiding your fellow Texans how hate  this bill
Bold face liar, you want kids with cancer dead so bad you lie. Pitiful
Which is a 35 PERCENT CUT from its current trajectory. Tell the truth: this is a huge cut.

http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/new-cbo-report-finds-deep-medicaid-cuts-gop-bill-n778306 …
WEALTHcare.  Tax cuts for the rich. Death for the middle class and poor.
I do not believe this bcra is for benefit of American health, want single payer, expand Medicaid/Medicare, no tax cuts to the rich
Really, Senator? Really?
Better Care Reconciliation Act?...really?..."Deathcare" rolls off the younger easier...and fits more accurately...
It's like you're in a room trying to sell poison to people,"BUT the euphoria felt right BEFORE u croak is AMAZING.." just resign man is all
not over the baseline with aging population and medical inflation, that is where the money for huge tax cuts come from.
One human being to another: how can you ignore what Trump is doing to our government and to our country? Have you no conscience?
Under the plan, 22 million will die.  BCRA is not better and what is sad is that you are willing to allow your constituents to die.
Yes but what is that rate compared to the anticipated increased costs, or the projected spending rate under ACA? Less spending is a cut.
Sorry but that's FAKE NEWS. When reading the bill as you have you only cited the increase appropriated not the net loss of expenditures
That's opposite.
Trying hard to pass a lie as the truth, arent you, John?  I am so done with the GOP! Go too far right and you lose voters like me!!
Hold a #TownHall Hear your constituents. What about the 22 million who will lose care? You're out of touch. #shameless #TownHallDodger
It would have gone up much more if you hadn't slashed funding. The American public isn't stupid Senator. Your cuts mean fewer insured.
Medicaid needs to be brought back into line. To many undeserveing people on the rolls. Needs to b cleaned up
Is that figure really assuming no population increase?
This.Is.Not.True.
Piss on my head....
Bring your chart and explain at townhall!
Single payer
Single payer
Single payer
Single payer 
Single payer 
Single payer 
Single payer 
Single payer 
Single payer 
Single payer
And how big is the tax break to the wealthy? Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.
Let's talk at a #townhall maybe!?
John, you're retiring in 2020, what do you care?
Guess we need to kill off some baby boomers, our country is aging, you're elected to deal with it, quit slinging crap & do your job
No, it won't.
Don't you mean wealthcare?
I will not support a lunatic who rants like a bully on twitter. I expect you to behave like an adult & impeach the nutter.
Repeal and REPLACE. NOT ACA LITE!!!!
Wrong way, John! Pull yo head outs yo arse!
You're a troll.
Give it up. Happy 4th.
don't believe you Senator since your life is not effected by it
It will throw 23 million people off healthcare and kill people and give the top 1% a $250,000 tax cut. Better care is to expand Medicare.
Nope, you are wrong, it would be reduced by that amount. Please reread the CBO report carefully, #johncornyn that's the least you can do.
why are you lying? This is the opposite of true.
just because it's the only bill you can get passed ( or possibly because of that!) doesn't mean it's worth passing. It's isn't.
How can you lie like this?
This is how you lie with statistics.
Why are you misleading your followers?
Lie.  Reports say other wise
There 75MM on Medicaid and 45MM that meet the govt definition of poor. Who are the other 30MM?
That's good?
Even under current Medicaid formula, which incentivizes treating disabil early, TX refuses care for kids w/disabil
Once every kid has a set pricetag, do you really think the state will be willing to fund the full amount of medically necessary care?

and that's what's wrong with it. If you want health get a damn job and buy it. Healthcare is not an entitlement damn it.
Yeah, that's a lie
I know math is hard @JohnCornyn, but let's try it...

-$780B cut from Medicaid
+$71B returned to Medicaid

= -$709 Billion cut from Medicaid
With a huge chunk of what would have gone to help hundreds of thousands going to a handful of your friends instead.
Source? Cuz everyone I've read says the exact opposite.
How does that compare to (1) inflation and/or (2) increases to costs of health care?  It's not meaningful & is less funding than under ACA.
You neglect to mention that is less of an increase than current status quo and states could opt out. Therefore... it's a cut
It's a reduction in spending over what it was going to be, more people without, older people paying more. We can read John.
Could you work from the opposite side and tackle the fraud, abuse, and waste the greedy are claiming illegally.  Hold them accountable!
So...that's not true and you know it...over $770 billion will be cut from Medicaid to give a tax cut to the rich.
The saddest thing that has happened since 1-20-17 is that I don't trust what I hear from DC. Town hall in Houston?
That's not what the data shows.
Why don't you keep the president, your leader in check. If you support his behavior, how can you be taken seriously.
*sigh*
Why the secrecy? Why no hearings? I don't believe you want to help average Americans. Everything is to help the wealthy and and big business
#FakeNews
Lies, lies, and yet more lies! Big shocker coming from you.......
Wasn't the point to cut spending? Do you even know what the word "conservative" means?
Why are you adamantly pushing a bill that almost 9 out of 10 Americans don't support, John?
Town. Hall.
I don't understand. Would it go down then back up? What would happen to everyone during this decade?
What about those President comments this morning?  Hitching your horse to that wagon may not be the best idea!
But it would be a relative cut from what is current and what is needed.
Yeah this is a good thing? How?
.Can't spell Cornyn without crony.
You'd an incredibly bad liar. Your political career is toast.

Great, let's have a full open floor debate...not your one-sided propaganda. 22 mil lose coverage, caps and preexisting conditions are back.
This bill stinks so badly.
Town meeting cornyn.
Wrong-Trumpcare's CBO score shows premiums will rise for less coverage and caps and restrictions on Medicaid will mean less people w/access
How much would it grow if you did nothing?
Defense budget,  tax cuts for the rich = insurance?
Stop lying, only because expenses will go up, 21 million people will still lose coverage.
- Again, please get expert testimony at public hearings. I'm concerned you don't understand how BCRA actually would work.
No double talking and no more lies! We want bipartisan repair of Obamacare. Throw out your murder bill.
I tell ya what, Johnny. You come to Waco for a townhall meeting & we'll discuss it. How does July 5 @ 10a.m. work for you? #CountryOverParty
Instead this should be a full repeal undoing all HSS regulation or nothing. 
Divest the fed from healthcare. 
Where is it in the COTUS?
That line of argument hinges on 2 points. 1. you don’t consider a reduction in future spending to be a cut. 2. you don’t include inflation
What are you smoking?!
Repeal #Obamacare like you have promised for 7 yrs. It can't be fixed.

CBO: No, seriously, the Senate bill cuts Medicaid spending http://dlvr.it/PR4mbm  #USPolitics via @PostPolitics 
And.  How much would the wealth get in tax cuts?  Tell us that tidbit of information.
Its like a used car salesman trying to sell a car with no engine.  Dirty, pathetic, and typical.
Do not take away healthcare from millions + John stop lying to us. This isnt the #maga crowd We know this is #fakenews cc @tedcruz #stopahca
#FullRepeal is why you're still in office
another meaningless factoid mined by Cronyn's flunkies from the Koch brother disinformation database..
good lord -- who in the Cornyn office is tweeting out these lies??? or have y'all been hacked???
If this bill is so great then our elected officials should be thrilled to use it! You go 1st. Dare ya.
Disingenuous, as usual. Number might go up, rate goes down. Neither "better" nor "care."
Will spending increases meet real inflation? Is there anything in your bill that controls the cost of care? Not insurance costs; REAL costs!
Stop trying to fool us you old fool. #VoteOutTheIncumbent
Tell the Senators from Alaska and Maine that fact.  This is why states should take over Medicaid.  Will incentivize job creation
And yet 23 million will still lose...so hummm...learned math in Texas did ya?
Sounds like Betsy Devos math to me Quit sugarcoating your crappy bill senator hold Townhalls NOW You going to lie to us in person too?
And kick thousands of greatest gen and baby boomers out of nursing homes and on to the street. Promise to join them if that's the case?
We know how you think this is not a cut, but it doesn't give the poor much hope or help for buying insurance.
About 50% of births in TX are covered by Medicaid now.
Moms are currently kicked off Medicaid as soon as baby is born, & we are having crisis levels of maternal deaths. BCRA will make this worse.
I am not a mom & have never used Medicaid, but this is wholly unacceptable to me.
Yet you increase defense spending by $52 billion for ONE year, and it's still not enough for some. Nice priorities.
But not in your own state of Texas, right?
Not here and I think he is using smoke and mirrors.
Ah yes. Some might fine misleading numbers. What's the projected increase needed v BCRA increase? I'd like to think our Senators are smart.
What? 71 billion in 9 years!How about instead we gut regulations that are strangling businesses so that they can hire & we get off Medicaid
Just. Stop.
But what is the increase under the current law, ACA, between 2017-2026?
When the @AmerMedicalAssn says your bill violates the “do not harm” standard, there's a problem.

That's not what the new cbo report says. 35% reduction in Medicaid spending over next decade.
Do u get tired of lying?
At a town hall, we can discuss how that compares to the current law. Sound good?
HEY JOHN HOW ABOUT YOU INCREASE YOUR TOWN HALLS PER YEAR.

TOWN HALLS NOW JOHN
a 30% cut from current law.  Try again.
