Yeah, maybe reactionary and unproductive. But also a prereq to ever get elected again.
FALSE.  Is the Texas educational system so poor that you don't even know the definition of Universal?
Except the case where SCOTUS unanimously voted to overturn one of his cases
universally? Define it.
Are you referring to Garland? Ohh wait...he didn't even get a hearing.  Don't weaken the Senate by going nuclear, you'll regret this.
After all, like, 50 Rs did the same thing just over a year ago? Chill, dude.
What was YOUR principled reason for opposing Merrick Garland?

You are SO blatantly dishonest.
Block Girsuch for Supreme Court Justice and you block Trump from continuing to run America after he is impeached.
That's because he thinks corporations have more rights than people, especially women. Plus, #noprobenorobe
What about Garland's qualifications? You are a joke!
Yea John like you couldn't give a Merritt Garland the courtesy of a hello
At least they voted on Trump's nomination despite concerns re legitimacy of nomination instead of ignoring it like the Republicans.
apparently no UNIVERSALLY hailed .....
Just like all the Rs lined up to not even hold a hearing for Merrill Garland? Same thing, right?
You didn't just ignore Merrick Garland or Pres. Obama; you set aside the founders' intent, Senator. You harmed our nation. Require 60.
I am proud they did!  They are doing their job.
because GOP wouldn't even give Garland a hearing
Just like the one Republicans blocked.  What goes around, comes around.
I'm not sure you understand what the word "universal" means.
You keep misinforming your constituents. Why do you do that? It is the same as lying.
Using tactics learned from Rs. Your short memory is funny. #IndependentCommission #truthmatters
sounds like an encore of GOP treatment of Garland. Please end the hypocrisy
Universally?  I don't think so.
As was Garland Merrick?
Good for them. The nominee is not legitimate plus is equivacating and secretive.
As did the GOP against Garland. So just what is your point?
How many Rs had hissy fits to obstruct Garland? John, please pull your head out your rear end. You need to be able to see us vote you out.
Are you saying that to the DNC.....stealing nomination from Bernie? Are you saying that to HRC.....trying to steal election from Trump?
Learned it from GOP under Obama! Chickens coming home to roost!
Not WSJ:All Rs lined up like the Rockettes to support @realDonaldTrump whose qualifications and temperament are universally laughed at 78259
just like the GOP lined up to not even give Garland -who's equally qualified- a hearing. Drop the act.
And that's different from GOP treatment of Merrick Garland how, exactly?
Nuke em, John!
All Republicans line up behind Trump nodding like vacant bobble heads to do his bidding. When will you work for Texans instead of him?
Garland similarly "hailed" got no hearing whatsoever to even have a vote.
Goodness, you need to go. 2020 can't come soon enough. #BetoForTX
You underestimate the memory of those who pay attention.  Also, thanks for putting the image of Sen. Feinstein in tights in my head #eww
Just like every republican against garland
You are such. a. hypocrite! #2018 #2020 #WeAreWatching #WeRemember
to bad You can't say the same about Trump's qualifications and temperament.
If he were "universally hailed" you wouldn't have to go nuclear to push him through.  Let's not let Putin's puppet pack our court.
Which is the exact opposite of trump. Release trumps taxes to an independent investigation of Russia's influence on this administration
Stolen seat.
WSJ also say DJT is a chronic liar and that's severely damaging US's standing in the world. Can you address that?
Now you know how we felt when Garland's nomination was not even considered.  He too, was highly qualified and hailed.
I find the Republicans' outrage to be highly hypocritical.
maybe you don't know what "universally" means?
Confirm Neil GORSUCH this week. Call the DEM"S bluff..they are sabotaging Trump's nominee who is a most honorable qualified judge. Confirm!
Thank U for exposing the truth. DEMS will never support a Trump nominee. Do not be cowered by their threats, no filibuster in over 200 yrs.
As they should. The Republicans stopped Obama's legitimate nomination. You are all dirty partisans.
Merrick Garland, you hypocrite stooge.
#MerrickGarland remember him John? You are such a hypocrite. You work for us remember, we pay your wages. #TownHall
Were you pissing and moaning about the Republicans not even holding a hearing for Garland?  No, you were circle jerking with the rest of GOP
then clearly his qualifications and temperament aren't 'universal'
Merrick Garland
Oh so witty! That's the best you can do? Are you protecting a corrupt President and cabinet because of what Russia has on you and @GOP?
The dems can't think for themselves. They do what Schumer tells them to do.
Merrick Garland was qualified
Definitely not universally.
Good gracious! Like you and your crew did with Garland?  Who is much more qualified! Your hypocrisy sickens me. #2020
Don't blame Ds for breaking the Senate. R obstruction during 44's tenure was unprecedented. U don't get a pass for that or for Garland.
Did u refuse to even meet w/Garland? And how about the fact that 45 is under investigation for collusion? Seems reasonable to wait to me.
If Gorsuch can't get 60 votes, change the nominee, not the rules.
Dems want to force us to use the nuclear option so that they can complain and whine about it for years to come.
Like 45, u wld look better if u stopped tweeting. Treating constituents like their stupid by ignoring Republicans' treatment of Garland

So, it's cool for @SenateGOP to filibuster 79 Obama nominees, but @SenateDems can't filibuster once...?  Seems pretty one sided to me...
All you ever did over the last 8 years is block.  Just name 1 thing you ever even tried to work with Dems on. Just 1.
BTW I am a constituent with a very good memory and very loud voice.
And you are lined up behind @GOP just as you were when Garland was nominated. When will you put country before party?
What was wrong with Merrick
Rs in Senate seriously erred by not having Garland hearing. All bet's are off because #McConnell led you all to crazy town. #SeatGarland
We could march Jesus Christ up as a nominee and the D's would reject the proposal.
The image of DiFi as a Rockette is pornographic and dangerous.
2020 cannot get here soon enough. #votehimout
Spare me. Some of y'all were talking about blocking potential Clinton appointments for her *entire term.*
Good, my question is why are you hell bent on getting him in office when he probably has connection with Russia too. What's wrong with you ?
Pro tip: If nine Democrats representing thousands of constituents oppose him, he's not universally hailed.
If only all Rs would line up to support actually repealing Obamacare, instead of trying to pass Obamacare 2.0.  Cornyn is part of problem.
as opposed to the GOP who denied Judge Merrick fairness
GARLAND! You denied him a hearing why does the GOP get to hijacked the constitution to benefit them. HYPOCRITES
All 51 Rs lined up like aging Chippendale's dancers to support any crazy thing 45 comes up with
I beginning to not trust you.  You will lose my vote, based in incomplete and childish tweets misrepresenting GOP over last 8 years.
What a hypocrite-you would not even meet w garland-
So we're Garland's
All 52 Republicans lined up like turncoats to oppose the nominee whose qualifications & temperament they previously hailed. #MerrickGarland
Ever hear of a guy named MerrickGarland?
Yeah as someone who opposes women, poor and champions big corps. Just like the GOP. Also look in mirror. You supported Garland until u didnt
Merrick Garland.
.@JohnCornyn 
I wish we had reps that lined up to support the people of Texas. Not you, Corny. You're just another member of #TEAMTREASON.
Oh please...you want to talk about sheep, what exactly were the Republicans afraid of not giving Garland a hearing?
You've failed your constituents for 8 years. You've failed to represent Texans for 8 years.  Don't plan on being re elected. Say No Gorsuch.
Why didn't you vote last week you let them delay you and they were never going to vote yes #primaried
No John, Gorsuch isn't universally hailed.  Many of your constituents oppose Gorsuch. Constituents are the people you work for. No Gorsuch.
Did you forget about Merrick Garland
Remind you of the recent past?  You don't deserve cooperation.
They learned from watching the Rs for past 8 years. As your constituent, you are an embarrassment.
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland #hypocrite
Don't think you can say "universally hailed" if all 9 D's said no.
When are you having a #townhall?  Seriously; I will take a day of vacation to attend and drive across the state if need be.
It's hard to tell what kind of man Gorsuch is, when @tedcruz is asking stupid fishing questions, nothing about the law.
The entire Republican Congress lined up to oppose the nomination of Merrick Garland, remember? He was equally well qualified.
lol, just like the entire GOP crew in the Senate lined up against Merrick Garland...quit pointing the finger, hypocrite
You are late to this party. You missed ALL Republican senators denying Merrick Garland even the courtesy of a meeting, much less a vote.
Find someone both sides can support
# Garland
At least Gorsuch got a hearing.  YOU DID THIS, SENATOR!  Say his name.  Merrick Garland.  

Those chickens are home roostin'.  Funny, huh?
@txlege yes, we didnt like the $10m in dark money trying to sell him to us. #frozentrucker #merrickgarland
@JohnCornyn You and @SenateMajLdr broke the Senate w/ block of Garland and history will blame you for the dark days ahead.
.@JohnCornyn nominated by a lunatic under investigation by the FBI and senate. Can we just not? I'm your constituent. 78664. No on Gorsuch!
Garland... did you even hold a hearing.
And the 12 Rs lined up like the toy soldiers they are promoting another woman degrading, Worker hating, disabled ignoring poor choice
Hey John!  Are you just upset because their group looked better than when you all lined up with Mitch against judge Garland?
HeyJohn! When you say Rockettes-are you suggesting they had matching outfits standing side by side arms linked-because that sound ridiculous
While Repubs were lock step against Garland whose quals and temperament were universally hailed. U can't have it both ways.
Senator, please.  This rank hypocrisy is unbecoming.
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Sort of like a year ago when R's did the same?
Yes,  they stand for Garland,  the legit nominee.   Tired of the big money backed GOP trying to screw their constituents.
Texas mediocrity.
And EVERY republican lined up behind @SenateMajLdr  like lemmings to try to make Obama a one-term president, but who's counting?
And all repub sen lined up like those same rockettes when merrick garland couldn't get a hearing.
who the hell votes  for you? Qualification and White House administration no longer have a correlation. Look at #45 
There you go again, John. Cherry picking facts to justify YOUR misdeeds. Even your boy Gorsuch praised Merrick Garland. #FlipTexas2020
Post about Garland - and apologize - and maybe u will have some credibility with this constituent.
Republicans line up like sheep behind that partisan hack McConnell on every thing, including the obscene treatment of Garland.
Ha! That's the joke right "line up to oppose" and "universally hailed"!? Good one. Way to through off Skynet AI. *Does not compute*
Seriously? #Gorsuch is still an insult to women. You and your party lines are insulting. #stolenseat #birthcontrol #fbiinvestigation
Have the Mercers bought you?
All judges at his level would be qualified, that doesn't mean their views are good for America #NoNuclearOption
All Republicans lined up to not even give Garland a listen....
U stole the seat U stole the seat U stole the seat U stole the seat U stole the seat U stole the seat U stole the seat U stole the seat !!!!
Yeah it's stupid.
don't be a hypocrite. Republicans did the same thing to Merrick Garland. #noprobenorobe
And AGAIN of course! Y'all should've known......G
There should be a line up-to find out who killed Scalia. No vote on Garland until Scalia's death examined.
Maybe it's because you stole the seat, Johnny. You've created a constitutional crisis...Thief.
The politicized blocking of Garland is the cause of this.
The Rs couldn't even line up for Merrick Garland!  What's your point?
Where are your tweets about how wrong it was that y'all wouldn't give Garland a hearing? Please retweet them. I'd honestly like to see them.
You stole our SCOTUS nomination, so quit whining #yourlastterm
Not universally hailed! I'm so happy the dems are standing up for what's best for the American people. The same cannot be said of you!
Again and again the hypocrite. Every word could have been said of Garland.
Like Republicans did for Garland?  Oh, wait.  Repubs didn't even show THAT much respect for Garland.  Republican = Hypocrit
not as qualified as #MerrickGarland who put #McVeigh away. While #NeilthetorturerGorsuch was busy violating #USA #Constitution
Thanks 4 your support of #Gorsuch. Let the filibuster burn. Elections have consequences & those replying to u have yet 2 learn.
Your judicial nominating refused to meet with the three women of color in the Senate: Coward or racist?
We don't want his exist ass on the bench.
like Merrick Garland?
Like you did to Justice Garland?
Whatever. Just get it over with. GOP wouldn't even have a hearing, so you have no credible ground to stand on.
lol Cornyn and GOP outrage is laughable after what they pulled with Garland. That was anti-Constitution and should be punished.
If 9 object, not universal
Your kicks were pretty high too in opposing Garland. Dancing in those heels comes easy, doesnt it, John?
For 8 years you refused to do your job.
79 nominees blocked by GOP between 2009-2013, compared to 68 TOTAL between '49-'08. Don't buy bullshit spin that GOP hasn't been partisan.
For 8 years, their agenda was blocking a black man. And now their only agenda is trying to erase President Obama. 
@PittieBoo @JohnCornyn
Let me know when you plan to grow up and stop demeaning half of your constituents. You're a professional, not a child.
And all Republicans did the same to approve him, so what's your point?
And you and Cruz  are following Trump like lemmings to the sea.
#2018 Cruz unemployed #2020 Cornyn unemployed
doesn't it stuck when something so important gets overlooked by politicians playing games instead of doing their job?  I know
what about Garland?
Ds put party ahead of Country. More concerned about raising funds for reelection. Rs need a record of accomplishments. Vote now.
Why do dc pols malign & ridicule the act of disagreeing?  We are literally witnessing the accelerating failure of politics in america.
His record is atrocious regarding workers rights and LGBT. He has no place interpreting the laws if he doesnt understand they apply to ALL
hypocrite.
Yeah, just like the @GOP were after Merrick Garland's hearing. Oh wait...
I award you the Academy Award for hypocrisy.
We clearly have a different understanding of the word "universally"
:  other senators tweet abt meetings with constituents, or things that matter in their state. Amazing diff -- you crow abt this.
do you hear yourself?  Hypocrisy at an unbelievable level.  Remember Merrick Garland!
All 50+ GOP lined up like Rockettes to block Garland.
So they put Party before country???? WTH??
Reminds me of when the GOP lined up behind McConnell to oppose Garland, whose qualifications & temperament were also hailed.
He does have some issues with patterns of past rulings and a belief in natural law. Probably the best we'll get from this president, though.
At least they were standing up. Not on their knees like hate filled sluts that just blocked Barack Obamas pick for the court.
Don't know who is running your twitter feed, but they are a royal ass.
The eight Supreme Court Justice do NOT think Gorsuch is good for the court..grow a pair and do what is right instead of being a puppet.
1) Merrick Garland
2) Russia
The Rockettes? Really? This is what you're going with?
A whole party failed to act on Merrick Garland
And how many times have you crossed party lines?
This kind of rhetoric is going to cost you and many other republicans their seats in the near future. Extremely disingenuous.
Now I KNOW U R as delusional as #45.  I don't know 1 person who agrees with Gorsuch's appointment.  What about Garland ..Not given  a chance
"Universally hailed"? Obviously not.
What did you do for Garland?  That is what I thought.  Stop whining
we all watched 8 years of obstruction. Now there's a train wreck in the WH and your party is hellbent on undoing every progress
What progress, an every day March toward socialism.
Lie.
