Trump is in bed with the Russians and Putin, and you dont even have the integrity to speak up---trump lies and you go along--pls
You (& other GOP) are targets of an organized social media astroturf hit job. These lib #FakeAccounts don't represent reality.
this book is predicting the futureThe Plot to Hack America: How Putin’s Cyberspies and WikiLeaks Tried to Steal the 2016 elect
aww, sour grapes?
Cancel EO. Write new EO excluding residents and student/work/current visas. No religion. Done. Now go investigate WH-Russia link
Even if the court was wrong, so is the ban. Statistical likelihood of refugee terrorist attack = SO LOW. #nationofimmigrants
with each tweet, there are overwhelming calls for town halls.  So again I ask, when will you come to Houston?
#TownHall
Concerns can be voiced here or from your site; town hall unnecessary; stay focused, #Haters will scream anyway; keep working.
why are you defending this EO which was poorly conceived, poorly executed & unconstitutional?
The comedy of errors is this lying administration and your blind support for it.
please. The real comedy of errors is trump and his administration
History will not look kindly on this administration, or your collusion with it. When is your next town hall meeting, senator?
you're right. Fuck these guys, and hey, fuck congress! All we need is the executive! Give 1 branch all the power! Oh wait...
all of D.C. Is a joke right now; especially the blind and deaf congress. #AshamedOfYou
can we talk about it at your next town hall? When is that again? #CornynFailedTexas
Trump signed a crappy EO that he never bothered to inform DoJ or IC about. Fire Bannon.
nice blog, now when is your next town hall meeting in N TX?  #wewontstopasking.

a right wing  associate professor at a minor university's take on the courts ruling is supposed to impress me... NOT
investigate Russia's influence on our elections. Tell Kevin Brady to quit obstructing the release of trump's tax returns
ARE YOU CRAZY?! Letting mentally ill people be allowed to buy guns?! WHAT ARE YOU THINKING???!!!
Are you defending the President, Senator? Will you attempt to block investigation and indictment? #Russiagate is just the start.
Happy with your support on this issue; failing ACA must go; no need for town hall; stay focused on tasks. Thank you.
Get off Twitter and start representing Texans.  Kissing Trump's posterior is not why you were sent to DC.
it would be great if you could put your constituents before your party. You work for us, and it's performance evaluation time
Contrived??  Don't join in the the damaging attack on the 3rd branch of government.  Really disappointed to see you tweet this
From a non-scholar of Constitutional Law. Irrelevant, and alt-facts. Come on Senator you are smarter than that. Illegal Ban.
Are you looking for a judicial seat?  Please do your job as a legislator and represent your constituents!  Town hall?
Goodness. you ARE snarky.That's not very Texas-like. Also, not a good citizen to NOT value checks/balances.
so you are in favor of the #immigration order? Your constituents would like to have a word with you about that. #TownHall
Investigate Trump with bipartisan committee that has subpoena power.  Hold a town hall! #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS
You're talking sbout last week's news. This week's is the Russians, @POTUS and his "posse". Catch up. Bipartisan hearings now.
when will YOUR townhall  meeting be, please provide date, time and place. #impeachtrump
I'm more concerned that you aren't investigating RUSSIA and how they are meddling in our Sovereignty!  #Investigate
When was the last time you met with constituents?
Is something forcing u 2 collude w/ corruption? Are u not aware of corruption that is happening? Ur motives r looking suspect.
for a so-called lawyer, you don't appear to know much about the U.S. Constitution. #5thGradeCivicsFail
Wow-next tweet I expect from you will be about Russia & leaks. Be careful how you align & your distance from the constitution
I'm confused Senator.  Didn't you call for an investigation yesterday? This comment runs contrary to the rule of law.
I'm a constituent from Dallas 75232. When will you stop ignoring us and hold a #TownHall? #AnswerThePhone
please lets discuss! You seem to keep ignoring constituents & the data you don't like. Remember to find truth you need consensus
.@JohnCornyn If so then Trump should easily win in the next part of the process. But its more likely freedom of religion will prevail.
also, Russia. If they were democrats you'd have already burned them at the stake.
it worries me how little you seem to understand the constitution or how little you seem to care. #texasvoter
Will you support an investigation into the Trump Administration's ties to Russia?
instead of playing politics, work on reducing student debt in Texas.  Do You job.  Do SOMETHING helpful.  Anything!
sorry, we know better, the comedy of errors is in the WH right now talking to Russia
Yeah, I always go to Associate professors from South Texas for my in-depth Constitutional analysis.
You are no patriot when attack the Judicial branch of our government as the Executive colludes with foreign power.
Maybe you could focus on the Russian coup of America?
So-called senator, you are undermining an important part of our democracy at the worst time. GOP on thin ice
as a constituent, I'm more concerned about Russia's connection to POTUS - stand up for our country and investigate
Town Hall?
this is beneath you
We're watching what you're doing. Listen to your constituents and #DoYourJob. The ban is unpopular and Russia conx are scary.
Are you really going to support 45 and his agenda? #treason
@twright55 Fire the 9th circus court.
STOP FOCUSING ON THIS! Please stand up & demand full, independent investigation of the admin. NOW! GOP will suffer if U don't.
Thanks for posting. Good analysis.
John, you dissapoint me.  Have some standards will ya?
There is something really wrong when you refuse to SEE what us happening. Could you be involved? Denial could be co-conspirator.
Do you represent Trump or your constituents?
ban was unconstitutional and you know it!  I'm a constituent
need to hire folks to help @SenateGOP with modern Media such as tweeter @HispanicsTrump @Latinos4Trump16 #TX
how does it feel to be part of a treasonous government?  My God man, do your job.  Stop with party and start with people.
Aww, did a court make someone's president abide by the Constitution.  Btw:  do you job and invest Trump's Russian connections.
town hall
In Texas, not D.C.!!!
agreed.  He's been in DC too long and is out of touch.
do try to represent us. No need to climb into ditch with 45.  He made it; let 45 find a way out of it. Get 45 tax filings.
Still going with this, eh John? That's all right. Down with the ship and all. Oh yeah, When's your next town hall? #2020
respectfully suggest more 2 this sad saga. No need to sidetrack now. Bigger issues should be target of your tweets. Treason?
you can become a lobbyist when your term ends in 2020 you back a traitor and that's all we needed to know.
Mr Cronyn, if this article was from a nonpartisan legal source or law professor, it would be more believable
you can hide from the Russia/Trump issue. If he is impeached his ex-order will be the past.
now we know you think like trump and agree with his racist views of Muslims @HoustonChron @dallasnews @startelegram
You've done it! All judicial dissent eradicated. Now come to Texas and clear up voters confusion over your confirmation votes.
The ninth circuit making terrorists great again!
partisan review of decision Josh Blackman is an Associate Prof at the South Texas College of Law Houston. You agree with EO
You really want to go to bat for this pu$$y grabbing, Russian-colluding, narcissistic, incompetent? How about you #DoYourJob
Senator, maybe you should think before you tweet
Looks like Trump will be spending more time in Court : Treason
Yes. Because #KimJongTrump  knows so much more about the constitution. And about ISIS than the generals.  #YouWorkForUs
Aren't you on the judiciary committee? You know Trump didn't present his evidence. Trump's bad. Wait for merits to complain.
We get it, you guys really don't like Muslims.
Last week's news John. Focus on the needs of your constituents please. #TownHall to discuss? #Texas78613. #NoBanNoWall
It's called checks and balances.  I am so glad we have it.
You should act above the nature of POTUS. It is not becoming to you. Be classy and refined
Without an independent investigation into the allegations about Russia, how can you be sure you aren't supporting traitors?
Excellent point Virginia!
The Judicial Branch checks the Executive. Yeah, you are high on the list of the ignorant swine we need to get rid of, Johnny.
Hey John, you seen this? Your boy Trump just got caught committing treason
Intercepted calls show Trump campaign members had repeated contact with Russian intelligence before the election http://nyti.ms/2kvdm5O 
Ehy aren't you calling for an investigation of Trump's collusion wth Russia?  What are YOU hiding?
HOW can you, an actual politician, think he is anything but a criminal and a clown? How much did he pay you?
Russia * Russia * Russia * Treason * Russia * Russia * Treason Treason Treason.
The president's authority will not be questioned!
