AGAIN SIR, You sound like a RUSSIAN TROLL, trying to create a DIVIDE. 
Did u fall asleep and miss that part of  hearing Thursday? GROW UP
Don't know why anyone would vote for Republicans.  They can't govern.  All they can do is say NO!  Like a 2 year old.  Get to work John!
#Gerrymandering not polling blind spots! Stop with the #smokeandmirrors #moveon and #doyourjob #TrumpRussiaCollusion  #resist
Yes #Gerrymandering hurts democracy. It's how they manage to make urban voters only count as 3/5s of a person legally.
It's the biggest issue of our day. But John can't help us there. It's local.
You're blinded by the GOP. I'm pretty sure that we're mad as hell and you run is done. #TexasSenators #LastTerm #Resist
Thanks for sharing. It's a good article and it was something I'd been guessing based on what Nate had written about how the polls worked.
The way they calculate or determine "likely voter" too was something that the pollsters missed I think.
It's hard to predict the "excitement" factor that drives first time voters to the polls the way Obama and Trump did. HRC was never exciting.
Though people who like stable and unexciting politics like me greatly preferred her.
If the rebulican state would quit gerrymandering it might be a different story.
John Cornyn sold his vote and your internet privacy for 148000
Cornyn sold his soul a long time ago.
Why do Dems profile Trump voters as uneducated laborers? Dems need to admit they missed educated Trump voters in their stats.
@JohnCornyn thank you for sharing this understanding.  Lessons learned are always helpful
It's called gerrymandering. It's how politicians that ignore most of their constituents stay n office
#LastTermCornyn
Do you ever tweet that your doing something for TEXAS or is it always for GOP???? #RUSSIA ##LIES #UNAMERICAN #fakecongress
You can't very well pretend you want unity while insulting the opposing party
To represent your constituency, you need to stop insulting 1/2 of it.
@LindseyGrahamSC held 3 townhalls in a month. When will you grow a pair and meet w/ your constituents?
The blind spot is your belief that Trump won the popular vote. You do not have a mandate. You have a madman as president.
John darling the election is over.  Almost 5 mo. ago.  Don't need polling in 2020 for u tho.  Voters are already lining up to vote you out.
Need we remind you more people voted for HC than DT and then you have to throw in the issues revolving around republican redistricting.
You will go down with this ship! #russianhacking hit it with a torpedo! 78610 is hearing your "care for NO ONE but my party" BS! #lastTerm
will be burned by betrayal of America in service of Russian-friendly Trump
Kind of like your blind spot, John? The one where you keep missing what your constituents want.
Geez, John. Your pettiness is showing up in your tweets. Get off your phone, John, and do something good. Town hall meetings take planning.
does his business card actually read so and so, Digital Data Guru?  You're a riot Johnny 
Stop trying to decide us. We are one nation not two teams. How are you going to help Texas? Stop playing games.
GOP and Trump aided by Russian operatives in 2016 election. Fake news by Russia helped  Trump.  Trump needs to release tax returns.
When is your town hall meeting?
you are correct! Dems have become lazy outside of metropolitan areas.
Polling blind spot? You meant "GOP collusion with Russia," right? Are you going to be implicated, too? You would look good in orange!
Let's quit bashing Democrats and begin working together.  You know, like we expected you to do when we voted.
Can you do anything at all that does not involve complaining about Dems?  Do your damn job and stop bitching.  GOP won.  Now start working
Can you quit the partisan attacks and focus on what is good for all Americans! I am so sick of partisan politics.
Don't worry, Trump is uniting us in unforseen ways.  Bigly
@johncornyn @txlege Democrats burned by Russians,and y'all happy to compromise yourselves @texastribune @dallasmorningnews @HoustonChron
Again with the anti-dem crap? Hint: Stop it!!
Why did you sell my privacy?
If you are white and not gay there is no space for you in the Democrat Party.
Funny, I'm white & not gay, & I'm happy to be aligned w/The Democratic Party
same!
You need to shut MCCain and Graham up and shut down the "Russian" bullshit hearings.
Republicans are going to get burned by dragging feet on Trump Agenda. You are going to give up House and Senate to keep Ocare.
GOP  burned by rogue executive branch influenced by Russia and a certain Senator's refusal to listen to his constituency. Next town hall?
Democrats burned by Putin.
Read news much?
and don't forget @realDonaldTrump and the #kremlinklan
I can't believe for the life of me why u would put this out! Have been to church on Sunday? No wonder we ar so divided! I refuse ur rhetoric
You are the one that will burn there Texas is rising up to rid ourselves of you and Dead Cruz! He is about to get Punked
And Russian interference. Racism. Sexism. Ignorance.
U probably missed the bigger story, AGAIN. But, that's ok. That's y I'm here; THE US IS BEING BURNED BY THE Rs RABID DEFENSE OF A TRAITOR.
You mean like GOP burned by low polling AHCA?
Isn't it great then that TX is more brown than white now.
Republicans burned by Psychopathic Liar 
Anyone who listened to the 538 podcast was well aware of these issues in advance.
The 'polling blind spot' was Russian trolls. Weren't you at that hearing?
- this time Russia attacked Dems. Might be GOP next. What's approval rate for 45? And Congress? 2018's around corner
Once again, JC’s leadership skills on display.
hicks in the sticks are too ignorant they can't tell real news from #fakenews & so stupid they vote against their own best interest. got it
Don't. Get. Comfy. Keep fighting the last war.
Cool head line, Rep. How far away are we from "Republicans Burned by Backing Treasonous Pseudo Billionaire"? 78722 Does not believe you.
GOP burned by following a racist, misogynistic , traitor, lying sac of dinosaur feces.  In Putin we Trust.
Hillary's worst nightmare would be to travel cross country in a Ford Taurus w/3 no college white rural voters. Didn't poll or didn't care?
Again!
WHO IS BRAD PARSCALE? 
Trump's Digital Data guru came from out of nowhere to make the difference in Trump's campaign
TRUMP'S DIGITAL DATA MIRACLE BEGAN SUMMER OF 2016.
Did it really come from Cambridge Analytica? Is there more to it?
Clinton Watts says #Trump actively used Russian #fakenews against #Clinton and in GOP leadership race.
Just stop. You can't even get you own damn party organized. 8 yrs & 60 x's to repeal #ACA. You OWN both houses and couldn't get it done 
You are on a roll today! One might think you're feeling some angst. Maybe about the upcoming midterms? Or the current admin? Let's discuss.
Maybeit was DonaldsRussian bots that is pushing fakenews & that attacked us. u folks n Congress better wake the heckup we just got attacked.
