the oil will be shipped to China. We own the environmental risk
: hello he is POTUS -that's @POTUS to you.
are we secure if we poison our own air and water?
Will have zero effect on the US economy / nat security / jobs / affordable energy. Will add to carbon emmissions. BAD.
#KeystonePipeline #CanadaFirst
And screw indigenous people AGAIN and ruin the environment but.line pockets of your donors so yeah.
And destroy the environment. Way to go! Profit over environment!
- John - you lied on Greta - Keystone oil will not stay in USA
And @greta didn't challenge. She just left it there.
don't forget it will also destroy the earth and Native lands #showrespect #findyourdignity
pipeline.  I am opposed to the pipeline.  I vote in Tx
are these your alternate facts?? Jobs will be temporary while polluting the water for millions will be forever!
Money over party, party over Country. YOU should be ashamed of yourself. U won't b able to hide from history.
#keepoilhome
And destroy the environment on Indian tribal land.
Iran could close Strait of Hormuz anytime War could be result ! Pipelines need to be in place
the #KeystoneXL is wrong for America.
& completely goes against the American people, especially native Americans. Youre slaves to the $, fucking us.
Why won't you anserw anyone's calls! You were paid off by dictator trump! #RussianPuppet #lockhimup
We went to church together in ATX. Then you went to D.C...I don't recognize the man you used to be.
mr cornyn please for the love of country stand up to Trump and stop him or we will have to vote you out
.@JohnCornyn .@realDonaldTrump do you use alternate facts when talking with your grandchildren about #climatechange ?
It's hard to work when the planet is inhospitable. #shortsighted
#Christian @JohnCornyn: God's messages when @POTUS accepted #nomination & now when advancing #KeystoneXL?
#MustWatch
That is funny.  Do you really believe that?
and poison water supplies.
And!  Don't forget that it will also add to @realDonaldTrump 's bank account!  Whoo hoo!  Win-win for the Donald
. @JohnCornyn go drink the water out of the tap in Seminole Tx, @realDonaldTrump is ruining Texas & US,  Russia has
We need Clean Green Energy to save our economy
but you have about a 100 ppl at your #Atx office right now #resisting
I can't wait to vote him and @tedcruz out of office.
can't wait to see them both go!!!!
Because with gas prices so low, we need to drive the price down more?
but you hide in the DAPL? What about the pipeline that leaked today you willing to risk water to 18m? Looks lik
it is time to get away from fossil fuels and focus on renewable energy. You will leave nothing to future generations but a mess
@POTUS huge mistake ! Huge ! Time for a protest ! Impeach Trump
are you kidding?  We have access to plenty of energy.  This is greed pure and simple.
@PolitiFact is this true?
It's actually not that many jobs, and puts the pipeline under a major water source for many people. Get a clue.
China is investing $320B in renewables.  That's strategic.
Investing in new fossil fuel infra isn't.
Won't do any of that. The jobs will be temp construction and the oil will export. Will not help avg. american.
Then why is a Canadian company building it? Are you capable of country before party?
OR it will destroy our environment! Yay!
LIAR Plus the Contract for the Steel isn't even American Steel. #VoteOutGOP #GOPDestroyingUSA
While destroying the environment and poisoning water. Green energy- get sustainable!
Republicans don't seem to give a damn about anything as long as it fills their pockets with money. UNAMERICAN
Temporary jobs for pipelines. Both go through precious water supply areas which our country is already limited
Can you please share with us how this is going to affect the contested tribal lands? We would like more information, please.
but it won't. That's the reality.  It will destroy American land, and bodies of water in cases of leaks.
it also will greatly benefit Trump and Perry since they own a significant amount of stock huh? CROOKS!
RAGE ON! OUR WORLD IS DYING- AND TRUMP IS SPEEDING UP THE PROCESS!
Are you concerned that DJT is  stockholder in ETP, Rick Perry is on its board? At some point, it erodes your own credibility.
#NODAPL How is this going to affect tribal lands? Can this be shifted away from the contested areas?
invest in renewable energy as that is the future
How will this affect the Native Americans? What is the plan?
How can you live with yourself? Really? How? Silencing the EPA will not stop people from learning the truth
this oil-sands petroleum creates 17% more carbon pollution than production of conventional oil & EPA silenced
Please explain how it will do any of those things.

You may be getting visits.http://www.native-languages.org/nature-spirits.htm …
this decision is only going to further divide this country at a very fragile time.
you forgot while sacrificing people and the planet. But we already know you don't care about those items. #onlymoney
given the current cost of oil, outside of temp construction jobs; true labor force impact is minimal.
pipeline rate creates 17 permanent jobs and was admitted would raise domestic gas prices. WAY TO GO!
immoral and unethical. But why would you care about that?
Always $$$.
how can you seriously support this. We should be focusing on other energy sources.
Wenow have a American President.
It will kill! It's a breach of treaties!
no it won't.  Jobs for #KeystoneXL will only be temporary.  Stop conflating the truth.
…and destroy our planet. Sad!
no eminent domain for private gain.  @realDonaldTrump still owns shares of Energy Transfer Partners, not to mention Perry's blatant conflict
