Thanks to Obamacare, I have the most affordable (thanks to subsidies) and best coverage I've ever had. Why take that away?
Because I'm not responsible for paying for your healthcare.  @LauraEricks2002 @JohnCornyn
Yes you are. So am I. That's how health insurance works. If u am lucky u will pay far more than u ever use.
I'm speaking to subsidies, not premiums.  @realdeanadent @LauraEricks2002
only fantasists think they live without subsidies of some kind. That's the point of society.
The point of society is subsidies?  The point of our Republic is individual liberty!  @rambler_atx @realdeanadent @LauraEricks2002
a republic can only guarantee liberty through people working together.
we help each other out. Our ancestors understood this well.
with something like the Affordable Care Act?
do you actually have a plan in place? One that keeps everyone covered, where folk with pre-existing conditions can get coverage?
or is it just a plan that benefits the wealthy with tax breaks and removes assurances for those with pre-existing conditions?
might want a #TownHall to see how your constituents actually feel about the #ACA
Obamacare maybe, but don't expect any real help from Cornyn & business pals on the border.  Cheap labor, whatever the form!
affordable for who? Will it be as good as what you get?! I bet not! 78610
affordable being the key! Keep ACA. Keep your job!
Y'all have no such plan. Photo ops won't hide that fact.
Forget calling it "O'care" call it the Affordable Care Act! The less we hear the "O" word the better!
time for action, promised full REPEAL let's go
We want repair not repeal. Also Special Investigator for Russia including AG Sessions
When's the #TownHall????
You've had decades.  Decades John.  DECADES.
discussing a goal is one thing. Having a solid plan is another. Anywhere close to that???
Texans won't forget about your disinterest in listening to your constituents.
no need for an HSA. Try again. #TownHall to talk about it? Obviously you need some help from the people of #TEXAS & not Russia.
I thought you were supposed to rep US, all of US. You are NOT LISTENING to your constituents. Keep the ACA. Fix it, but keep it.
as your constituent I ask you not to repeal rather fix what we have
YES JOHN, WE WANT THE WALL!
when will we get to discuss this with you? Waiting on a town hall, sir.
It's called the Affordable Healthcare Act, you partisan hack. I hope whatever disaster y'all come up with is called #TrumpCare
not going to repeal. Need to let that go an FD move forward. Will you call for sessions resignation?
Obummer care lite. Losers.
where's the plan?? #ACA is better than anything you #corporatecronies can come up with #disgusted #wehaveeyes #resist
how about demanding prosecution of Sessions for perjury?
When do we get to see the plan on how you cover everyone, keep pre-ext cond, w/o mandate and reduce cost?  Another rabbit-hat!
you had better back our President in all things!  Including the wall!!  Or you will be out of there next election!
I'm voting against you.  The next guy, R or D, will listen to constituents better.
for the record I finally have affordable ins thanks to #ACA. Not all your voters want repeal
- why don't you just deport us & give yourself another raise?Oh then you would have no tax payers paying for YOUR entitlements!
I support ACA
how will you help those who can't afford HI but don't qualify for subsidies WO taking HI away from 20 million who have new HI?
build the wall it's permanent that's what people want permanent ! Get it !!!!
no to HSA - fix aca, don't repeal
you need to do your job! Vote Build That Wall! Yes a wall! Not security
healthcare is complex but Putin has solutions
@SenCoryGardner figured our elusive senator would be in this picture too. GOP is corrupt. Party over country.
GOP didn't stand up to the corrupt schemes and now isn't helping our @POTUS Get to work just as we have to in real life!
family health ins costs went up over 4x's causing us undue hardship for an unconstitutional HC (gov) scam. GOP didn't stop it.
@RandPaul and Sec Price need to lead on this! Vets deserve same care as senators.
Just watched you on Tucker's show, you came across as a lier and lazy.not trust worthy.
How many Texans will you turn your back on?  Explain why you are so determined to leave Texans uninsured.
I am your constituent and a public employee. I don't want an HSA I can't afford.
Senate and House could have fixed the problems in the the ACA years ago. Why the wait?
the back of your head is quite beautiful sir. Commands a lot of respect
Two words: single payer. That's the best way to cover everyone well and fairly.
Admit it, you have nothing to offer but tax breaks for the rich. High risk pools are the "death panels" you accused Obama of
You hava lot to live up to after all those promises in the President's speech last night. Good luck.
Please put together a good solid replacement FIRST before repealing. Every other first world country in the world has done this.
Are you just going to keep screwing Trump & all of us who support him? #FullRepeal #BuildTheWall
Dang!! Did I miss the Town Hall where you discussed this??
also, you do realize that Trump's tie looks TERRIBLE in that photo, right? Tell me you told him to wear a better tie next time.
John - can I call you John? - you know for certain constituents want to repeal ACA? Do you consider the alternative? #repair
time to back the wall .
can u guys please not take vacations till we get all our cabinet members
why doesn't everyone have the same lifetime healthcare you enjoy?
Just to clarify, Texans voted for Trump. We want the wall!  Listen to the people.  We're watching & evaluating your performance.
Enough talking. Get it done. Sen Paul said Senate could repeal #Obamacare tomorrow. Sick of this slow walking. Vacation now trip
senator you need to get behind the wall. You don't really understand what us Texans expect from you. Tucker Carlson nailed u.
U better not take away my mammogram and my kids yearly checkups that r covered under ACA! Let's take away ur retirement! 
What??? You're against building a border wall? And you won't endorse Cruz in 2018? Oh my. Can't wait for 2020.
Saw u on FOX. Get on board or get out of the way! Dragging feet! Lose control of Senate if don't deliver!!
To be clear, my expectation of, and future vote for, you is based on you pushing the @POTUS BORDER WALL!! #TuckerCarlsonTonight
We voters in Texas want the big beautiful wall !!!
BUILD THE WALL!!
How was nice free lunch at WH?Hope u enjoyed free border tour.I am a TX Res who will NOT vote for u again. Execute Trump agenda!
John we live in Austin, Tx. We are for the wall! Please help build it if you need our vote next time!
sound like the ACA. We need repairs not a repeal
Did Russia give you the okay?
affordable for whom? Certainly not the citizens.leaked drafts show pre-2009 like plans with meager credits.
Why? Most Americans still want the ACA. Why do you call it Obamacare?  ACA-Affordable Care Act #TownHall
Sir, the GOP has had 6 years to create a workable plan. Why haven't we seen it? Good topic for a town hall. 6 years, sir.
when is our town hall?
Why not repair ACA instead of starting over? "Access to healthcare" isn't the same as having pre-ex conditions paid for.
Transparency on the plan to replace the ACA would be appreciated. Shouldn't the American people have a choice in this decision?
show Americans your plan. Don't hide it in the senate basement
We get to pay for yours but you give our away .wealthy tax breaks all that matters
U work for ... us. So, as a condition of your employment, why don't u make sure that we have health insurance like yours?
If those "choices" are HSA's or regressive "tax credits" then this is a fool's errand.
Don't try and sell us snake oil. You can't improve on ACA. The only thing you can do is dilute it. WE WILL NOT FORGET THAT!!!!!
you mean the thing you've been whining about for six years but never made a plan for? Sure. Better late than never.
You have no plan.  Have a town hall, listen to ALL your constituents.#DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS #iamnotpaid 75831
Flynn got 40k from Russia. How much 45 give U 1-19-17 CNN on live air? Or did U have direct line from Russia too? U R a joke!
Taking the Medicaid expansion $ in Texas would give millions of Texans access to quality, affordable health care.
It might even reduce your state's grotesque maternal mortality rate, which is the highest in the developed world.
He's Pro Life. Doesn't care if pregnant women die as long as they feel shame if they want or need an abortion.
The only legitimate replacement for ACA is Medicare for all.
I think I should warn you that, healthcare is complicated...
Here's one...How about you guys don't take donations from healthcare companies so coverage could be affordable #Obamacare #ACA
if you believe the repeal and replace is a good idea then should  be on it first... lead by example
Repair ACA  Do not Repeal
why? Why? Do you want to take my good affordable healthcare away???? The best insurance I've ever had!! Quit lying
If you cared you would be ashamed that Texas ranks at the bottom for delivery of healthcare and services.
If you cared you would know Texas’ maternal mortality rates nearly doubled between 2010 and 2014, but we don't need ACA?
don't mess with ACA-FIX IT. We don't want a "tax cut" that doesn't do squat & kicks millions out. We're watching #CanCornyn2020
how about making time to meet with your constituents too in a town hall to discuss with the people this affects?
Please protect those with pre-existing conditions.
Is ACA that bad or is your hate for Obama so strong? Is destroying his legacy that vital? Grow up! Fix it so it works for every1
for me doubled premiums and deductibles middle class can't afford it
It needs to be fixed. Should be protection 4 us, not big insurance. GOP in their pockets. Big $ speaks & we pay
when is that town hall? What? I can't hear you....
so what's the secret plan that's so wonderful? Ha!Ha!Ha! Joke's on us, you have no plan except repeal and cause misery
I'm assuming that means looking to best practices of the rest of the civilized world and recognizing that single payer works.
You are all for killing millions of people aren't you. That's how history will remember you!  Genocide committed by the GOP.
good luck. Really.
Fix the ACA. Don't repeal and replace with tax breaks for the rich.
HSAs, high risk buckets, and everything in the GOP's plan is not affordable. And your plans will kick millions off insurance.
will you tell us what the plan is?
Can't wait till all you rich greedy folks are fired. You guys are the worst.
John, we want to know the extent of Russia's interference into our democracy and what trump knew. You can't sell out democracy
it's not just affirdabke premiums - it's reasonable deductibles and choices of providers
Your constituents are very eagar to hear your healthcare plan
you should have had a plan all along.
Lies
Now how about meeting with your constituents back home so we can discuss this (& many other) issue with you?! #TXTownhall
HSA's are not an acceptable alternative.
You all are making a huge mistake Senator. It was bad enough that Texas didn't take the medicaid extension. Going to be worse.
don't kid your constituents...you're only going to make it accessible, not affordable.
.@JohnCornyn What is your plan to offer affordable HC choices? What about pre-existing conditions? Will all those folks become uninsurable?
We, the people of the United States, do not want you to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
Can't wait until you are up for re-election.
It's not Obamacare. It's already called the Affordable Healthcare Act.  You have had four years to fix it.  Why haven't you?
#FullRetreat
After ACA replacement, you should meet with family members that have lost loved ones due to insufficient GOP insurance coverage
affordable or accessible senator?  They have very different implications.  #MixedMessages
as long as you put US FIRST and not the CEOs of insurance companies!  #trumprussia #Flynnghazi #investigatetrump 76262
The answer to healthcare is not for the Gov to pay for it.  #Offtheteet.
celebrating taking healthcare from sick & poor people shows your constituents where your priorities are and it's disgusting
- time for single payer - No to HSAs. Look forward to seeing plan 7 yrs in the making!
why not have some town hall meetings to hear what we,  your constituents,  the taxpayers that pay you want?
IF GOP allegations against Obamacare true WHY after 6yrs GOP plan UNKNOWN? WORSE, GOP gives ins co's wink that OC w/be repealed?
DOESNT take rocket scientist 2know destabilizes market. Problem GOP having is propaganda confused ACA vs OC. Now WE see big pic!
GOP Party NO w/scrap OC & giv tax break 2rich WHILE baby boomers head into retirement; eventually filing 4 MEDICAL bankruptcy
What plan are you referring to, Senator?
at least @PeteSessions is holding a town hall, maybe he will have some details for us.
So what's the plan? We are all overly anxious to hear. #TownHall
HSAs only benefit the wealthy, as most people don't have thousands of $ lying around. Business as usual.
Please move toward a single payer system so Americans don't need to choose between healthcare and housing, food, etc.
when will u stop meeting & discussing & start DOING it? At least give the details! Oh wait, there are none. Bc it's complicated
You don't have a clue so stop lying.
What's your plan?
Put the plan on paper, let the public vet it, vote how your constituency wants. Pretty easy if you believe in a republic govt.
Government meddling in healthcare is what set this disaster in motion.  Leave government out of it!!!  @JohnCornyn
Throwing baby out with bathwater Quicker to use what we have Change what's not working Must bring insurers big pharma to table!
,are u going to guarantee that people who have insurance under ACA won't lose it?  No preexisting conditions?  No lifetime cap?
Can tell u r srs cos Trump is making that face like he is thinking hard about which M&M color is best. (Shockingly, not orange.)
coordinated goal in raising costs, providing less options, and killing more Americans.  Sounds awesome.
Sounds exactly like obamacare.  @indtx36 @JohnCornyn
we found a troll who doesn't understand ACA.
I understand my insurance premiums doubled and my deductibles and I'm middle class and can't afford
Coordinated? Is that doublespeak for screwing us over in unison?
Will Congress get the same #Trumpcare that you want to stick to the rest of us?
Let's have a #townhall and we can discuss #healthcare Show us the Rep plan--does it even exist?
#RepublicansDontHaveAPlan for healthcare.
.@JohnCornyn Okay.  Now what about the release of the tax returns? #Russia
and what's the replacement plan or is it #topsecret aka #nonexistent
remember, it is not just cheaper premiums, but adequate coverage.  That takes more $ than status quo. Will you spend it?
Met with NRA last week in TX porposed  bill this week 446 to concealed carry how much did they pay u? makes us less safe Shame
do it!!!
Define 'affordable'.  My insurance (better than most of Obamacare) is pretty crap.
Note: HSAs do not provide affordable healthcare.
This times 1 million.
This admin is still trying to convince us it's broken but has yet to provide solution. We r convinced. Do ur job pls u had 6yrs!
At this point everyone agrees something should be done and it can't just be ignored. It's your job to present that SOMETHING
you can't continually develop hate for ACA as the "plan" unless you are just trying to convince us to accept whatever ...
Did you ask about his troubling ties to Russian government, conflicts of interest, tax returns, etc.? We won't forget.
2534 days.  GOP has had 2534 days since ACA signed and NO PLAN, empty rhetoric, fear.  2534 days?  That you call good & goal?
@POTUS ~ Prayers for you President Trump 
GREAT!  Now.....why don't you return to TX and meet w your voters to talk w us about this by having a town hall soon?
Again,we don't want R Obamacare repealed. Do u not pay attention 2 protestors informing all of u of r choice. It is ours, right?
Looking for a photo op? How about you look for answers to #corruption and #treason? Enablers are just as guilty.
Your constituents do not want repeal. Repair.
hope it makes HC AFFORDABLE! Don't cater to lobbyists. Results require practical solutions. Universal hospitalization Medicaid
Great.GIve us the plan.We r waiting.@GOP had 7 yrs and that should be enough - even if more "complicated" than u thought it was.
Texas should have expanded Medicaid so health care could be affordable. Amend. Don't repeal.
when 45 talked about Medicaid I wondered about TX, which refused to take fed funds to expand it.
how's that replacing part going?
and what pray tell are the details? Healthcare is hard, and its market isn't ideal from an info / choice standpoint.
people don't shop around for the lowest cost heart surgeon. And we aren't going to let people w/o insurance die outside the ER.
.@JohnCornyn affordable choices like....? After all these years, still no details on your replacement plan you'd like to share?
Six years... you guys should have a perfect plan by now. Looking forward to it. Single payer?
