what if they live in a rural area? Will a charter school exist if there is not enough children to make a profit off of?
What planet are you from? Charter schools have been shown to be nothing more than scams to make money instead of educating kids.
so you don't mind lying. This is a false dichotomy
how about we improve the lousy schools?
what about ensuring public schools are properly funded?
What makes you think private schools are better? There's no data, just hearsay. #Cornynforsegregation #keepthewealthywealthy
there are plenty of lousy private schools, so why not fix the issues with the public system. Prefer to invest in edu than wall.
SHAME! Hiding your DeVos hand out. You'd think you were educated in a Texas charter school.
$5k vouchers to the 300k private ed kids currently enrolled in TX takes $1.5BILLION from public schools, with no oversight! #bad
& then the charters still under perform plus you open taxes to fiscal corruption. #yousoldout #profitsovertexaskids
Lousy schools?  Why should any child have 2 attend a lousy school?  What are U doing 2 reform those schools?
damn, kid. Your constituents are MAD. But u keep tweeting against them. Obv u r not representing ur ppl. Enjoy ur last term.
In Michigan, many charter schools are for profit; teachers are paid less with little or no benefits.
really tell me how many charter schools are in rual Tx?   Fix the schools
you vouchers will kill public education.  But you know that. You want that.
It's time to stop demoralizing public ed and have a real conversation on how to help public education.
-look up some evidence based practices and ideas to improve schools-- guess which one isn't there- VOUCHERS
Why not work to fix "lousy schools" so EVERY child has the chance to learn and prepare for their future?
Because @johncornyn doesn't care about Texan families, as evident by how hard he works against our interests. #CornynOutIn2020
vouchers are a sham and will destroy our education system. DeVos vote was against your constituents wishes.
since when do Repubs care?
you are a fool, don't know what you are talking about no use in explaining why I say that.. your hard head/heart no comprehended
TX cuts 5 billion from ed. in 2011, only restored a portion since.. but yeah, just call the schools lousy
what happens when less privileged schools lose students (funding) but people can't get their kids to the good schools?
That would be assuming the private/parochial school decides to accept said student, and that's not a safe assumption.
Did u know the achievement gap is even more  prevalent for minority students in affluent schools?
Bullshit. Vouchers are a tool to segregate whites from people of color.
how is this a racists thing considering vouchers help 
Kids of color get out of horrible schools
https://www.tc.columbia.edu/faculty/ate11/faculty-profile/files/Erickson_Dissent.pdf …
invest in early childhood education, teacher training, smaller class sizes and fine arts....
I'm a registered voter and I'll be driving around TX telling good folks all about you and what you did to our kids.
vouchers make public schools worse and fragment communities. Also destroy separation of church and state.
In E Warren's autobiography she wanted to improve public schools to help keep property values affordable and reduce foreclosure.
.@JohnCornyn Private schools DO NOT take kids with disabilities.Vouchers are only viable if they are for ALL students, not only non disabled
then by all means, please adequately fund our public schools.
How about fixing public schools so none are lousy?? Properly fund & fix a problem! Supposedly that's why you're in congress.
So WHY did you vote for DeVos? Against logic, against decency for our public school system and against your constituents? FAIL!!
vouchers = segregation at tax payer expense; Gives private school experience at tax payer expense; NOT for the "common good" 
Also 43 out of 50..... there isn't much worse we can get in TX. But vouchers for the rich will solve it all!?! Shame!
Vouchers = tax break for the rich! All schools have scholarships for those in need. Stop the BS! Shame!
Here's an idea... stop wasting money on crap like the bathroom bill and equivalent in TX and put it towards schools. Shame!
you have no soul.Vouchers will not relieve anything but your finances
I have an idea GIVE the states BACK the power which the Constitution gives them. GIVE TEXAS ba ck our power
So your choice is to bankrupt our schools?
It gives Parents Choices.  Puts the Power to the Parent
little John, my relatives are from Haskell County and Dawson County - those are in Texas, remember? How will vouchers help them?
Vouchers can also put kids into schools with little to no accountability.
false! Vouchers help rich who can already afford private school. If voucher is 5000 tuition 10000 I still can't afford other 5!
Medical expenses are the leading cause of bankruptcy. Could you look into that?
Last I heard private school was a lot more expensive than you seem to think. Are you proposing $15k+ per year in vouchers?
It will also siphon funding away from public schools, exacerbating any problems, & give those funds to profiteers. Sounds great?
what makes a school lousy?
how old r u, corner n? U sound like ur in 3rd grade. Betsy DeVos education? #impeachtrump #littlemancornyn
Um, sorry, cornie!
I can see that you're also clueless about the educational system as well as DeVos...we're in deep crap!
do vouchers pay to get the kids to those "special" schools?
I can't believe you actually believe this. If so, you haven't done your research. If not, then you're not fooling us anyway.
how about you work to make those "lousy schools" better?
well, I guess I missed that boat
Wow! Big, strong (tongue in cheek) man assails a woman in order to chasten her! How republican of you!
registered voters in state of Texas. Will work my arse off to see that this is your final term
do you understand how schools work?
homeschoolers here and I don't want your money. Keep your hands OFF my kids!!! If I wanted you to have control I'd leave them in
Sir, I've worked in this so-called "lousy schools" & there are so many hardworking educators trying to make a difference w/ min
...funds and support. The "lousy schools" need backing, not vilification, in order to educate ALL of our students.
how about we fix the terrible schools instead? This fixes the root problem instead of pushing it off on someone else
You should do stand up comedy.
, educator here. Not true but updating state standards will. Anytime you need an educators opionion, you should actually ask one.
- conning the American people for a last term
private schools need to have to offer special ed program equal to public schools, otherwise voucher to private is not fair.
i.e. i live in @NISD, excellent district, my wife is a ia, 4 children graduated, NISD provides special ed programs
most public school districts do a very good job of educating....they need relief from federal doe overregulation...
ok with the vouchers as long as private schools need to have same regs as public school districts....need to have same programs
Respectfully, as a constituent I know vouchers will only deplete public schools, have no oversight of private schools.
So fix the schools!
Texas thinks Moses was a framer of the Constitution and slaves were "workers". True story. #devos #vouchers
tax dollars going to private schools.  This is crazy.  If you want to go to private school get a second job. Pay for it.
You are funneling money to private schools effectively defunding public schools. The private schools are not all better.
seems like you have buyers remorse. No matter what you say DeVos will still be unqualified for the public school system.
why would lousy schools be acceptable for any child?  Fix the problem.  Fund schools properly.
prove this to us?  Where is the data?  I believe if this were true you could actually make a case.
.@JohnCornyn Vouchers would also take away funds from public schools, making them worse, and giving them to schools with no oversight
You lose votes tweet by tweet.
What about putting money into those "lousy schools"?
stop pointing fingers and do what's right for your constituents. All you and @tedcruz do is play the blame game. Grow up already
The job of Secy of Ed is to improve public schools.   How will BDV do that?  Vouchers won't improve public education!
U think saying this over & over will make anyone buy it? Nope. We know u have no regard for education or your constituents. Bye!
Strip resources from public education to give handouts to wealthy suburbanites; let rural schools fight for scraps. Good. Plan.
Also: answer your phone.
but you're totally cool with segregation
and bankrupt good schools. I assume you are speaking of Texas schools.
that logic only applies to lower middle class people in cities. Vouchers shit on rural families and segregate schools.
sure just abandon the kids who are left behind . Fix what's broken, don't run away. Educate all kids, not chosen few.#NoDeVos
I suggest we work to improve those "lousy schools" instead of abandoning them to deteriorate further by funneling $ away
2020 bud
Not the answer! I'm a public school educator and we have success in a low income school district. Don't give up on education!!
. I agree, with good teachers any child will learn but we need to support teachers and test them periodically.
Why do we have lousy schools in the first place? TX schools are notoriously underfunded, especially for kids in poor areas.
if public schools are lousy, it is because the state is not meeting its Constitutional duty for sufficient funding.
Texas Constitution mandates the state to provide public school funding. You cannot reallocate public funds to pay for this.
45 plays fast & loose with facts, alt facts, etc.  Must you do the same? Is plagiarism in GOP platform, even when wrong?
Fully fund our public schools, dingbat!
so let's not bother FIXING those schools, right?
is a private school going to set prices  giving a discount = to the subsidy? Or take the subsidy and charge the same price?
John, honey, how about talking with Texas teachers to find out what our children need? We're watching & voting. 2020.
why not fix the schools?  Oh yeah, if you r rich u can just ignore the problem and go elsewhere & save your $$ for a senator
Fund those lousy schools instead and make America's public schools great again!
vouchers will pull$ from public schools --poor kids will be going to inferior schools not elite(for rich people) private schools
now pass legislation that frees home owners who homeschool from paying school taxes
(1/3) Economics of school vouchers don't hold up. It requires technocrats to select the exact right price indexed by location.
(2/3) Vouchers do not serve regions where transportation is an issue (rural or urban). Vouchers offer the illusion of choice.
How about fixing the "lousy" schools instead of throwing vouchers at parents? #CommonSense #NotCommonCore
there's no other choices in my area except the schools in my district. How about we fix them huh? Maybe hire more teachers
To bad you don't even try to speak for all Texans. Guess one has to be white, rich, and needing to make money so you listen.
what a relief & I'm sure the parents who can't afford this option will be relieved that their child's school becomes even worse.
Why do we have lousy schools?
TX constitution recognizes public education directly related to liberty and rights. It's govt's job to fix "lousy schools."
actually,strengthening and supporting public education would negate the need for a "choice". p
U seem quite naive about education. My friend teaching in Austin makes less $ w/ no retirement
Widening poor-rich gap even more
where do you get your information. You are either lying or ignorant.
give him some slack people... look at how well the for profit colleges have worked out.  We could have a trump prep school next!
a voucher would be what 10k? Assume 6M kids in private school today... where does that 60B come from? More taxes? @mcuban
the Libs crying rage on here is as it's their policies that fail pub ed. Sec. DeVos is a needed national face, states will fix.
And drain funding from already struggling schools and increase racial and income divides in schools
Vouchers would also take away from public schools leaving behind those who cannot flee. Sounds like "White Flight". NO! #MEGA
trying  two shame a person after you insulted her doesn't help your case. Voting devos not ok who are you representing again?
By justice a king gives a country stability but one who is greedy for bribes, tears it down. Proverbs 29:4
Vouchers are not a relief for everyone!!Why not fix the lousy schools??????? Why not increase the teacher's salary???
Deny and deflect from Your failures, you are a good GOP puppet. #DoYourJob for Texans, just once please. #2020
maybe the government should invest in those schools to make them better instead of abandoning them to make them worse.
I'm assuming you don't want 300-seat 1st grade classrooms. So where do the magic schools come from?
- vouchers benefit wealthy & urban only. How many thousands of red Texas towns will you turn blue with vouchers? #rememberdevos
- refreshing to see politician admit previous position was wrong rather than digging in heels. Try it. #novouchers #2020
.@JohnCornyn or we could spend that money to fix the lousy schools. We could make Texas schools strong. #strongSchools
Actually, they funnel taxpayer dollars to private schools that don't need to meet standards, leaving nearby schools without.
Every parent, or only those who can AFFORD homes? STATE OF TEXAS  is RESPONSIBLE for our LOUSY schools. FUND them!
maybe you should work to improve public #education instead of trying to get rid of #accountability
"Mr. Sessions has used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens"
One way to fix it all.  Stop basing school funding on property tax.  Let Fed/State collect school tax then distribute evenly.
how about you fix the schools Senator
Vouchers 4Dyslexia would need 2B 25K the Market cost for basic choice & up2 72K is now forcing families into divorce @JohnCornyn @SenWarren
Also, vouchers make segregation seem less intentional.
This TX voter requests you stand up to and sort @POTUS out his Mexico nonsense.  Hurt MEX = hurt TEX
So you're proving she can be a bigger person, admit a mistake, and correct it. What's your problem then?
what's "lousy"? A school that isn't Republican enough? Let's see how these vouchers lead to de facto segregation. I'd bet on it.
There is no excuse for lousy schools. Fix the funding debacle. Bring all schools up to a reasonable standard.
sad that our elected officials would rather play fast and loose with our childrens education than admit the wall is STUPID
Mitch has already put his foot in his mouth &u are on lock step with a fool. Back off Sen. Warren u can't walk in her shoes!
GOP all bark & no real knowledge about real life running of large gov entities
Americans left w/ wreckage of their fantasies
congrats, you voted In a unqualified education secretary who's ideas will hurt Texas public schools!  SAD
how about we figure out how to fix the lousy schools?
Is it warm and dark inside Trump's back pocket? You know, where you live now?
my understanding of vouchers is that it takes $$ from public schools. underfunded already.
2020....kiss your seat good bye
We KONOW you took black money from DeVos. I hope you KNOw you signed yourself up to be voted out next election!
you are trying to justify putting your party line above kids. I'm a TX voter with a good memory. 2020!
Nobody supports your alternative facts! Stop asking for donations from the people you don't care to listen to.
LiesLiesLies! Doesn't work that way in Miami, FL at all! Worst system ever w/worst schools in the country! @POTUS @BetsyDeVos
to quote your boss, WRONG! They don't cover all expenses, like transportation, leaving poor kids with less.
That is a lie. Vouchers are not good for students, schools, or communities.
shame on you
So does this mean your staffer lied to me and we are indeed going back?
Tax funded segregation. No way private schools wouldn't cherry pick students any less than elite colleges. #NotMySecEd
u should take a look at the state u rep.  The vast # of rural folks couldn't use your vouchers.
That's what you people are SUPPOSED to be in politics for!!
What about your responsibility to the kids left in YOUR "lousy" schools? Why don't you people EVER consider the most vulnerable?
So, why don't y'all fix these "lousy schools"?
Because education is only important to @JohnCornyn and his ilk as a possible path to profit. #CORRUPTION #CornynOutIn2020
it'll give parents who can afford high-cost elitist schooling,a price cut, while making sure low-income kids still can't attend!
For rural families with no access to charter schools, a voucher program would defund their only option. Try thinking critically.
.@JohnCornyn maybe oh I don't know FIX SCHOOL FUNDING first?
.@JohnCornyn so vouchers are only available to families below a certain income? Good to know.
-Public funds should be reserved for public schools. Fix the "lousy" schools & preserve the public's interest.
You do realize that many of ur constituents (incl my state reps) are opposed to vouchers. U r being divisive for no reason.
Will private school that take federal funding then be held to the same federal mandates as public schools??
or you could help work to make schools better. Less money for you that way, eh? #proudproductofpublicschools
Be productive and do something good for this country. Quit attacking other people for your poor choices. Tired of your whining.
.@JohnCornyn Wrong. Vouchers are a scam to put taxpayer money into the pockets of already wealthy charter school execs. #shame #DumpDevos
Vouchers would take money that should be invested in public school and give to "for profit" private schools.
Vouchers don't cover total cost of tuition at private schools.
It's class segregation,  those who can't afford to leave get stuck in public schools with no money left in the budget.
so basically screw the public schools then? Nice, thx for the reminder of how you feel about our educators. SHAMEFUL!
would these be the same schools teaching our children that america is evil & not the Constitution
might suggest to senator Warren to fix the poor schools.
Fake news. Coward.
vouchers are a great idea it will also force the public school system to try to repair itself
Public schools aren't broken. Bad parents are.
considering you have been in office for a long while, it looks like YOU are a big part of the problem. #2020
how much will these vouchers be? Private school in my area is at least $10k.  Most still will not be able to afford
but it will be a nice discount to the people that can
awesome @JohnCornyn! when do i get my $50k in vouchers so my two kids can get rejected from the best private schools in houston?
you said it perfectly. Can't wait for HISD to get worse.
Here's a breakdown of her unqualified failures you should have read before you voted for her. #resist https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/answer-sheet/wp/2016/12/08/a-sobering-look-at-what-betsy-devos-did-to-education-in-michigan-and-what-she-might-do-as-secretary-of-education/?client=safari …
Is not going to upset Trump.  Silly facts.
you and all your Republican buddies suck! Ruining our country. What an awesome patriot. NOT!! 
Vouchers are waaaaay down the list of reasons DeVos was opposed. @SenWarren is courageous. You are a coward. #ShePersists
Kids who use vouchers score WORSE on tests than kids who stay in public schools. But who cares about facts, amirite?
Or do you have research to support your position that affects so many children in your state? I would love to see it.
