Under Better Care Reconciliation Act your federal government will no longer be able to fine you for not buying a health plan you don't want
THEY JUST ADDED IN A PENALTY. HAVE YOU NOT READ THE SENATE BILL EITHER?!!!
Translation: your employer will no longer be required to offer you health insurance. You'll be on your own.
@JohnCornyn American Medical Association denounces Senate healthcare bill
All available plans will B more $$$ for less coverage & lifetime limits R back in. That's not good guys
where are your parents? In 10 yrs? 20? Over 800billion in Medicaid cuts will take away nursing home options. Ppl will B evicted.
Employees will be forced to resign to care for relatives at home once Medicaid cuts end nursing home payments.  #ADCA #AmericanDeathCareAct
Phrased another way: they CAN offer plans that take your money and provide the illusion of coverage but actually provides none.
Well, as long as its good for business I guess my retired neighbor's hospital bill that she wouldn't otherwise be able to pay is okay.
Sure because they can deny you care or charge you outrageous amounts for certain coverage.
That's right.  They can provide junk plans that do nothing under ur plan.  Fabulous.  You Republicans don't give a sh1t. #Traitor
Which means we'll get crap coverage from tax subsided employer plans but have  pre-existing condition landmines in the individual market.
Yes, because they won't be required to offer an insurance benefit at all!! So much for Conway's argument that people can get ins. at work
they won't have to provide insurance at all, isn't it great?! 
Great so our employers can now offer us even crappier insurance. No matter how much you try to polish it, this bill is still shit.
Hope U can help your parents w/ emergency med costs or nursing home expen. No more nursing homes for end of life 4 the fragile
Yay, they can go back to offering shitty catastrophic care only plans that cover your ass about as well as a hospital gown.
You are mentally ill #John Cornyn. But no sweat. You & Congress are exempt from BCRA. If it's so great why did you keep ACA for yourself?
BullShit! So destroying our employer-based health ins too, eh?
So employers will offer more threadbare plans that don't cover "optional" things like maternity care, and we will pay...in the ER! Awesome!
Exactly.
DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT - leave. You do nothing, but hate Americans. I bet you get healthcare.
What if I don't want the lousy mandated policy? What if I need something more substantial? You're taking away my freedom of choice.
Essentially that means that even employers will stop offering insurance coverage! Nice! CBO didn't score that loss of coverage!
Got it, Thanks for that info, I am sure there are business's out there that will want to know and understand this tid-bit. :)
but, don't mix words here sir, will small business's be able to handle this new bill?  Get details, we don't want to slight small business's
Don't do this, John.
Because screw the employees.
Those government mandated policies are good for us consumers. No lifetime limits, no preexisting probs.
And employers/insurers can put those lifetime limits and preexisting conditions back on. Thanks Trumpcare!
GOOD!!!  AS YOUR EMPLOYER, My tax dollars must no longer pay for your health insurance.. You /your family need to buy your own
I don't feel like paying for a tax cut for you. I sure as hell won't be feeling the effects of saving 10 cents on OTC meds if I can't see Dr
Employers will be allowed to offer "plans" that cover nothing.
But what good is all of this if we can't AFFORD IT?!
Hell, they don't have to offer insurance at all
translation, employer based plans can add lifetime limits & drop essential benefits so this breaks corporate offerings too! YUK!
from @sarahkliff. Insurance industry: Senate bill will "cause most small employers' premiums to go up."
Instead, they'll be punished for having pre-existing conditions.
My husband's employer offered his own plan that allowed for a lifetime maximum of $1,500 for a brain tumor. $1,500 max.
Yep, you still suck.
But employers can & will offer plans with lifetime maximums & reduced essential benefits. That's not a win. Vote no! Constituent 76028
Texans will settle for NOTHING LESS THAN FULL REPEAL OF OBAMACARE! "REPAIR JOB DOESN'T QUALIFY AS THE PROMISED REPEAL"!
So you're smarter than the CBO & CMS actuaries and 7 highly distinguished economists  who say it's a bad bill
News: 40 economists (including 6 Nobel Prize winners) send McConnell letter announcing opposition to health bill.
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/26/15873980/economist-nobel-prize-oppose-senate-repeal …
Ass Hat
"gov mandated" plans guarantee MH, maternity, habil, no life/annual caps, etc. 
You enjoyed when Americans went broke over medical bills?
As Employer of small business how am I going to afford healthcare...bad for business bad for everyday folk
Before ACA, my employer dropped health insurance for its entire staff of 300 because it was too costly...this was PRE-ACA!!!
How big will the tax break be to @realDonaldTrump ? We don't know bc you let him hide his tax return. #conflictofinterest #showusyourtaxes
Now employers have total freedom to offer threadbare coverage plans. Who needs teeth, right? Or maternity care?
Which will ultimately cause increased premiums.  Good job, John
People are actually going to die. Children with cancer. Old people in nursing homes. The GOP will have killed them ON PURPOSE for tax cuts.
Yeah, because employers sure know how to care for their employees. I love it when my reps represent companies instead of constituents. #koch
Did it HURT when they blowtorched the last few scraps of your soul & conscience out of you? What about empathy? Do you ever miss it?

So, employers can cut our essential health benefits?? Great! How exactly does that help your TX constituents? Sounds like a big business win
Have you gotten to the part where you're literally killing sick kids & old people by gutting Medicaid yet?
Oh, FFS, John. Under you yahoos bill, my premium could equal 1/3 of my income or higher, for less care.   Feels SO much like "freedumb!"
Push all our health care to the urgent care clinics and hospital ERs. Who does that benefit??
This literally paves the way for LIFETIME CAPS.
and don't be born with a condition, because those lifetime caps will kick in and lord knows the odds of hitting the lottery is slim....
No thank you. I prefer full coverage in my healthcare, not some budget supersaver plan that is healthcare in name only
No matter how you slice it Johnny, you are screwing over the middle class so rich bastards like you can get tax cuts
But unemployed folk taking more than 2months of finding next gig will be totally screwed esp if family has preexisting conditions.
ER's will be flooded, once again, with the uninsured. The sick will stay sick rather then seek treatment, exacerbating their illness futher
It is obvious you stand and look out for the interests of big business and special interests.  We need a senator for the people.
...and hospitals and clinics in rural areas are likely to go out of business because no one will have insurance....
Supporting a "mean" plan? It must feel good to be so cruel, as I wouldn't want to live with myself voting for this.
Im sure you don't care about the people who will lose their insurance as long as you have yours, which is paid by taxpayers.
And, how much of a tax break are you walking away with?
A Huuuuge tax break, of course. SMH
EMPLOYEES will be punished every time they get a raise:  https://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2017/06/23/republican-senate-healthcare-bill-creates-scary-marginal-tax-rates/amp/ …
And people loose coverage while wealthy get tax cut. You must be so proud.
Look at the big picture! Shame on you!
And you can spend the rest of your sick days in ER, which costs no one, and doesn't contribute to the high cost of health care. #DoTheMath
Translation: employers now have government approval to yank the rug out from under you. #RepealAndReplaceCornyn
#FullRepeal nothing less. Senators, Congressmen, and Presidents should all have the exact same healthcare as the rest of us.
Why don't you be a big boy, reach across the aisle and create a plan fair to all...not a tax rebate and tax cut for your doners and PAC
Which would be the exact same result if you just repealed the ACA and called it a day.  No AHCA or whatchamacallit replacement please.
This is greatest redistribution of wealth ever. Your big doners do NOT need more money...tRUmp weathcare is a bad idea. Don't vote for it.
Dude we don't want your deathcare...if your so confident about the policy you put together you take it! Repeal yours
And will be allowed to reinstate lifetime caps.
And employer plans can be capped so if you use too much they just stop paying - why don't  you tell your constituents the truth, liar?
Exactly!!!
You disgust me senator. Leave the ACA alone! Burn the BCRA in the dumpster it came from!
Prescription 4 failure by reducing young & healthy from pool of insured.  Hold public hearings w/experts. Do not rely on 13 white men.
You mean there'll only be bullshit plans offering coverage for nothing and lifetime caps. Your greed shocks, but motivates. @indivisibleATX
But you do not listen to your #constituents.  You just listen to your masters like a good little doggie.  Did they give you a treat?
You don't care about anyone.  Just you, yourself and your money.  If people mattered to you, you would not bother with this waste of time.
oh those poor employers that own the #GOP! What about the employees? You know, the ones YOU actually work for.
But employees will be punished when they sign up for health insurance that doesn't adequately cover them.
Money money money!  Show me the money!  Corrupt and evil are the men in power who believe they control the people.
get rid of the mandates and there is nothing to punish
I think you need to read the bill or let Casey explain it to you. Sounds like you are letting a pigeon talk.
Horrible, evil bill! Shame on you!!!
Just tell us the loop hole that you will not have any caps on your http://healthcare.You  not going to pay when you can scam tax payers
#Shame on @SpeakerRyan , dirty little LIAR
This is the seminal image of our battle. She’s being arrested for protesting ACA repeal outside McConnell’s office. https://twitter.com/desiderioDC/status/877914158787842048 … 
#Shame on @SenateMajLdr #Lawsuits
Meaning they can offer health plans which provide no essential benefits and don't really cover anything?
And spray tans will no longer be taxed! Fighting the good fight.
#LyingGOP #VICHYREPUBLICANS
Protesters with disabilities stage a "die-in" over cuts to Medicaid outside of Sen. Mitch McConnell's office. 
Fund CSRs!! #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
#NOCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
150% of poverty= $9/hr for 40 hrs/wk. $6000=ONE THIRD of pre-tax income. So, choice becomes hc or rent, hc or food. #BCRA https://twitter.com/larry_levitt/status/878605553705943040 …
LYING @JohnCornyn , #shame
Huge protest inside and outside of Senate Majority Leader Mitch Mcconnell's office happening right now. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
It seems fitting that, with the #TrumpCare debate raging, I got this bill in the mail today from Ethan's most recent open heart surgery. 
