And yet our state GOP Legislators look for ways to NOT fund public education adequately.
Hopefully they grow up to vote for better people than @JohnCornyn.
Great. Hopefully by the time they can vote they will see that progressivism is best for Texas and America.
Only in your world.
Yes. Thank you. Progressive people are not communists or socialists.
Oh please.
“@JohnCornyn: Texas Comptroller: Texas sees 80,000 new students each year" yet, they still aren't a priority for the state legislature.
Shouldn't that be more incentive on giving our public schools more funding then?
Yet @DanPatrick refuses to fund the schools.
How will Texas pay for it? Will it be ignored as is being done now by the GOP or will growth be paid for to avoid a fiscal budget crisis.
I'm driving from Houston to Lubbock today.  I think the 600 are on these roads 
PUBLIC SCHOOLS MUST BE COMPLETELY AND TOTALLY FUNDED.
So why is DeVos destroying public education.

Everyone look at this and see the face & voice of #Fascism. We must remind us ourselves daily that this is not normal. #ImpeachTrump #Resist https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/918112884630093825 …
But yet, we have incompetent Secretary of Education who you wholeheartedly support.
Too bad most of the #txlege and @DanPatrick don’t care enough to find public schools #educationvoter
Hopefully none of them will vote for you in 2020
Build a wall & that number will decrease by at least half saving taxpayers millions of dollars.
This statement is not backed by any evidence. A lot of those coming in are from California as businesses move to Texas.
Do you live in Texas? A lot of classes have to be taught in Spanish because there are so many illegals here. Try speaking English in Walmart
Illegals to you and the Revelations crew Right John resign
And not a single one of them stands a snowball's chance in hell of you doing anything beneficial for them...
It's getting too "peopley" around here !!
Hopefully the speak English one day
But the state won’t fund schools & you’re trying to deport 2000 DACA teachers. You need to go
No he isn’t. Have you payed any attention whatsoever to his stance on DACA, or are you just assuming that all Republicans hate “dreamers”??
Exactly. The tx leg is spending $3B less on schools this session. That’s just one service.
Sen. McCornyn, You have been there a long time and done nothing to secure the border. #BuildTheWall
Guess you better figure out how to fucking fund the schools then
Will they be living in the same homes that can’t hold up to a hurricane Bc John Cornyn opposes FFRMS.  Your people should be outraged RESIGN
So let's start funding our schools to meet those learner's needs It is ok to cut the billions of $ going to high stakes testing.  #doyourjob
How many could have had a better day at school with the money @VP Pence spent on a publicity stunt?
And a large portion of tgose,are illegal immigrants.
Republicans need to quit shifting the states share of public education to home owners through property taxes.#txlege Article 7 state const.
And...do you have an opinion or a plan? Do you have to wait for your Fuhrer to tell you what you shld think? Townhall? #VoteHimOut
Don't worry John it won't last after Abbott/Patrick Sharia fully implemented #txlege #indivisible #throwthemout2018 #2020iscoming
Let's just hope they aren't coming in illegally or from Ca.
where do you stand on Bob Corker's statement ? Your constituents have a right to know . @All100Senators @txlege
So why do school budgets get cut while you install toll roads that don't do anything for the public good of Texans? Oh yeah, you serve money
Wow, just think what happens when Devos trashes the public school system.  80000 kids with poor education to have to support later.
No vouchers. Science backed textbooks. Support for low income schools. What are you actually DOING to make Texas better John? #DoBetter
Welcome to Texas if you are a legal US citizen and love our freedom.  Otherwise, turn around!
Oh look, more lying, cheating, and stealing of our democracy from the GOP. Is this why you tolerate Twitler?
McConnell Says He’s Killing Blue Slips for Judicial Nominees, with Potential to Shift Appeals Courts to Far Right http://electionlawblog.org/?p=95405 
Someone PLEASE STOP this lunatic!
When a $9T nuclear arsenal with 4,480 warheads just isn’t enough. https://twitter.com/morning_joe/status/918062086567153664 …
According to the TEA, "In 2016-17, statewide enrollment increased from the previous year by 1.1 percent." Not so alarmist, now, is it?
Opportunity of a lifetime is slipping away from the Republican Party.
All the more reason to actually FUND public schools....
And yet Abbott underfunds Texas schools and really does not care for Texas students or teachers.
And you are satisfied with Tx ranking 43rd in education & support DeVos' efforts in dismantling public schools. We deserve better than you.
We need appropriate funding.  Our state leadership with the exception of Speaker Straus is incompetent.  What will you do?
You mean our substandard school systems?
Can't sleep bc this administration has stolen your party and is marching us all off a cliff?
DOJ just argued that the Trump admin can destroy records "because they expected to be subpoenaed in connection with various investigations." https://twitter.com/JasonLeopold/status/917789551740862465 …
I recommend to check the numbers in El Paso TX where my taxes pay the education of illegals crossing the border every day.
If somebody audits school enrollment must likely will find fake addresses and that 40% of the enrollees are illegally in the country
Great! What will you do to work w TX lege to make those schools the best in the nation? Hint: cutting public ed budgets not best 1st step
How about helping to ensure adequate funding for them? Support #publiceducation and get your buddies to quit pushing vouchers.
So then why do we keep cutting the budget for education?
I hope they learn the English language. Not doing so impedes their upward mobility.
That's what happens when businesses move to a state bringing their families.
Is this an immigration comment? Or acknowledgmt public schools face challenging funding issues? TX legis cuts to public ed unconscionable
And my sister is dying from cancer, so what's your point? And we have a Sociopath-In-Chief good luck w/everything???
And yet our State wants to funnel taxpayer money into unaccountable charter schools and call it 'choice'. Totally unacceptable. Period.
Many will graduate with massive school loan debt fall victim to DeVos predatory loans servicing
None of them deserve to have funds diverted from their local school district to pay for vouchers due to TX State underfunding
And? What's the plan? Don't just throw out random numbers. Divide that by how many schools across the state. Now what are we talking about?
It’s called population growth !
Ask the comptroller if they upped the budget for all these new students. The answer is NO
Yet you defend the schools & treat teachers like indentured servants. Also you support Chump and his wall of shame. Pathetic Repuke
I hope Trump doesn't use this 2 keep srguing 4 his border wall or is that why you're sending this info out ?
so this is why NY loses congressional seats!!!!
Go to sleep @JohnCornyn
Did big Daddy Trump approve of this Tweet, Coryn?
This made me think of you.
Corker: “Trump is risking WWIII.”

Senators in denial: “Shhh...tax cuts.”
Would you care to explain to us why you're awake in the middle of the night tweeting random stuff? Something bothering you? Anything?
Good morning Sir. Thank you for all your hard work.
So work in DC to increase budget for #education and #publicschools, @BetsyDeVosED focused elsewhere! Public schools help to prepare #allkids
Yeah well hopefully Texas state legislature stops cutting their funding eh John
And has a lousy education system. #VoteDem2018
