Perhaps if the nominees had been properly/ethically vetted beforehand - like normal - there wouldn't be any foot-dragging.
As a TX resident, I'm ashamed of my Senators on a regular basis.
Maybe u should go back to NY?  I think u should. TX doesn't want 2 hold u back!
Dear stranger who knows nothing about me, bless your hateful heart. Trolling people on Twitter must be hard work.
Not hard at all-I follow my Senator, John Cornyn & ur tweet was attached. Your attitude speaks & reveals who u r.
Don't you dare assume you speak for an entire state. To dissent is American. To suppress it is fascist. cc @MariahGardner
If u are a native Texan speak 4 yourself. I do. Where is ur source 4 "To dissent is American"?
Maybe if they had all of their ducks in a row and picked more suitable people it wouldn't have been a problem. With the
excpetion of Mattis, Kelly, Pompeo, and Chao (even though I suspect she is payment for McConnell's cooperation since she is his
wife) it is appalling that Goldman Sachs has taken over the government or that others simply are not qualified
(DeVos comes to mind)
why the hell r u still playin politics when we have a possible traitor n the WH!! Investigate! Do YOUR job!!!
Not due to foot dragging. Due to grossly unqualified selections pushed forth by a grossly unqualified POTUS.  #shepersisted
Please advise us what at law disqualifies Trump as POTUS..? You have this information? @SuziGirl1999 @Patsy1207 @JohnCornyn

maybe an indication of not qualified candidates oh wait you don't care
Please bring the Cabinet Nominees up 4 a Senate vote ASAP. Isn't the Majority Leader in charge of setting the vote schedule?
Due to terrible nominees who are almost universally foxes nominated to guard henhouses.
Not true. Proper strict vetting is a part of the process.  Remember that, the process? Qualified nominees would make it faster.
John, after 8 years of obstruction and foot-dragging from Republicans, we just can't hear you
I will actively campaign with my friends and family to unseat you next election.  You were one of Trump's apologists, now DeVos
count me in on that
Your constituents begged you to vote no, and you called us the establishment. What will you do for our vote in 2020?
as said before, more due to poor quality of candidates
How many Obama cabinet members had to resign at this point?  Sessions needs to go!  #perjury
Probably because Obama nominated ethical and qualified people--he was not financially beholden to any of them unlike Trump.
Let's not forget that you dragged your feet for 8 years, you hypocrite.
Maybe because his candidates knew something about the Depts they were nominated for. And they filed their paperwork in time. SMH
.@JohnCornyn you, sir, are a coward who only toes the party line. Texans do not re-elect cowards.
you send out tweets. Do you read the responses?
we know he doesn't listen to voicemails so why would he bother to read our tweets? Will Hurd 2020 or 2018?
point taken
Probably because most are unqualified. Just like @BetsyDeVos, but you refused to listen when we called.
, what a waste of flesh.
did you ever think it's because Obama vetted his nominees & they were qualified?  I guess thinking isn't one of your strengths
You guys should have better picks.
this is your problem, you continue to divide rather than listen to ALL Americans. This is your party's problem, power not people
maybe you should help him choose qualified candidates.
GOOD! Trump is appointing TOOLS & FOOLS, Big Money. You look like a bunch of frantic housewives at the Piggly Wiggly sale!
I cannot wait until you are no longer our senator.
Senator, I think you're impugning your fellow Senators with your complaining.  Party or country?
the people don't want these horrible Trump pics running our country!
How ironic that any GOP member refers to foot dragging.  Should I mention Merrick Garland again?
You are only slightly better than the men that went along with Hitler. Please speak up against @POTUS
Perhaps if there was someone worth supporting, they would actually get confirmed.  Shameful.
How much did your vote cost?
we don't want trump or his pics, and I don't want you either ya all committing treason
No foot dragging...horrible vetting by the  @WhiteHouse
It may also have something to do with who slow their nominations came, and to their (lacking) qualifications. Don't you think?
Because NONE OF THEM are fit to be approved!
All of whom were qualified with relevant experience and acceptable to a majority of Americans, you duplicitous hack.
due to crummy nominees / not Ds
Repubs have drug their feet for 6 years - get over it
Perhaps if candidates with experience for cabinet were nominated the process would be smoother.  #getagrip
Thankfully!  You are evil so I'm glad there is resistance. U think this is bad?! Wait until you're up 4 election! #bye
thank god some people still have morals and care more about the country than about the party.  #resist
Perhaps it would go faster if the candidates were as qualified as those selected by Obama.
Due to trump incompetence not completing ethics vetting for nominees as Obama did.
What part of nuclear option don't you understand? I'm tired of these POS's delaying  everything.
Nominating unqualified people for cabinet positions does slow down the confirmation process.
@tedcruz maybe they are"dragging their feet" because Trump's nominees are not qualified. Just a thought. #NewSenators4Tx
.@JohnCornyn How long did the R hold up  Loretta Lynch????
two words. Merrick Garland. #standindivisible #TexansWantToChat
due to Admin not getting their paperwork in so they could be properly vetted. You aren't fooling anyone #Rubberstamp
perhaps because the people he's selected are grossly unqualified and poisonous to the fate of humankind? Just a thought
Or more likely because Trump's candidates are unqualified.
How long did it take to confirm missing SCOTUS seat?  Oh that's right, I forgot you all are thieves.  The projection is real.
Foot-dragging is the worst.
Speaking of foot dragging, how about that Merrick Garland confirmation?
perhaps if trump had nominated Qualified candidates and our elected officials listened to those that elected them...
we aren't playing hard to get. We begged for alternatives. #DeVos is an untrained wild card you can't expect us to blindly trust
Karma is a bitch, isn't it, John! #EightYearsOfObstruction
Cassandra Butts, who Obama appointed to be Ambassador to the Bahamas. She died while waiting 830 days thanks to @SenTomCotton.
830 days!  And John is complaining about 3 weeks?  Wtf?  @ATT & @chase you should be ashamed crybaby!
above the law!
useless in completing vetting paperwork for their bosses...so they disregarded it inaccurately assuming their status elevates
extremely wealthy individuals who never do tasks such as paperwork for themselves! Unfortunately, each of their aides were...
You need to tell is why his nominees failed to complete and submit their  paperwork! I can tell you why. They are a bunch of....
maybe if you GOPers actually nominated qualified, dignified candidates.  You chose party & $$ over country.  SHAME.
perhaps they are listening to their constituents. You, Sir , have not. This will not be forgotten. #ivote
Too bad this president did not choose qualified people to fill his cabinet. Obama did.
Obama picked some Reps and, in general, reasonable people. As a former TX teacher, I'm ashamed my Senators voted for DeVos.
Dude, just stop. Your embarrassing defense of DeVos robbed you of the rest of your marginal credibility.
maybe their qualifications for job are an issue? Just saying....
, that's because Republicans made hyper-partisan bickering look so fun over the last few years.
correction 21 Qualified appointees were confirmed. There is a difference. John Cornyn not my senator.
two words: MERRICK. GARLAND. Confirmations wouldn't "drag" if qualified ppl were being selected for Cabinet positions.
give us some actual qualified candidates, we won't foot drag
BTW, your buddy McConnell's actions made me ashamed to be American yesterday. Warren's concerns were 100% valid.
Hi. It's likely due to massive public resistance. Maybe check your voicemail?
because they were qualified.  Not racist. Not criminals. Not billionaires buying their seats. Despicable!
Bcuz Obama wasn't trying 2install self as King,working w/foreign govt.Obama didn't hate any1 who won't worship him.Wasn't an ass
.@JohnCornyn I think you meant to say "due to D caring about the qualifications of the nominees". I just wish YOU would care so much.
#democrats sacrifice their own kids for MONEY & POWER, so why not the people and country???
When you coming home to Texas Senator?  I think a town hall is needed. I'll take the day off of work.
That just tells me that these nominees are less qualified and D's are doing their jobs, not just giving them a rubber stamp.
As your constituent, I hope you are not falsely implying that Democratic opposition is the ONLY impediment to these nominations.
It's obvious that lack of vetting, adequate background checks, ethics review of nominees are REAL reasons behind this delay
you can't seriously think that's the only reason why.  I'm ashamed you supported DeVos, among others.
maybe if @realDonaldTrump picked better cabinet members more would be confirmed by now.
GOOD!! Glad to see someone is looking out for our best interests in there, since you refuse.
.@JohnCornyn Tell me again about Republicans confirming Merrick Garland?
Trump nominees aren't qualified. Continue to vote party lines, instead of listening to us, we'll be heard voting. #ResistTrump
delay in confirmations due to @realDonaldTrump not presenting qualified  candidates
. Or, it could be that our president has nominated  unqualified or highly suspect people to fill positions!
maybe if any of them were remotely qualified for the positions...but that's none of my business, I'm just a tax-paying citizen.
you, Cruz, et al, have been doing that for years. #greeneggsandham 2/2
the 50/50 split should tell you something. The cabinet picks are grossly unqualified. Break govt to prove it doesn't work 1/2
the candidates should actually be in compliance with paperwork. It is the fault of the admin. Not the D's, they r right
Dude, stop being deliberately obtuse.
ARE YOU INSANE???? These nominees are NOT NORMAL!! NONE OF THIS IS NORMAL 
You have no shame.
there all so swampy and they dont have their paperwork ready. Jeff Sessions and Betsy Devos are especially abhorrent people.
easy to confirm nominees when they are high quality, thanks Obama.

That speech you shut down Mitch McConnell? Warren has 2.7 MILLION  views on Facebook now. Good job! #ShePersisted
because IKEA has better cabinets
doesn't that tell you something how divided our country is and how much reaching across the aisle may be important? Maybe not!
You just showed us how unqualified YOU are by voting for unqualified Devos......better start job hunting!
We waited years for a federal judgeship to be filled in Grayson County. Do your job.
I may run against you soon at this rate. Because then if you say I was unqualified...I will gladly say FU...so was she.
Perhaps if the nominees were competent, more would be confirmed by now.
obama didnt appoint people to his cabinet unqualified or wanting to destroy it from the inside either
none of the picks are qualified, an you're a joke for voting for them.
it's not D foot dragging it's constituents outraged by incompetent and corrupt cabinet picks. Congress works for the people!
It is your job to look past you party and protect us from unqualified nominees. Today you failed. - Texas voter
Oh, but dragging your feet on Obama's SC nominee FOR NINE MONTHS was TOTALLY justified. #cronycornyn
Welcome to the resistance. #RememberDeVos2020
I haven't forgotten the Repubs mistreatment of Judge Garland.
if the cabinet was qualified they might be confirmed #willnotforgotdevosvote #listentoyourpeople
Ha...  have you thought seriously about the people he's chosen. Rick Perry for Sec of Energy...
Thanks for selling us out Senator.  We will remember.
nominees should be qualified!  Education and human decency seem to be for sale in the GOP as evidenced by #DeVos confirmation
can't wait to move back to the Lone Star State this summer.  Looking forward to working hard to vote you and Cruz both out!
GOD FORBID someone actually ask questions instead of just accept campaign donations and move on.
If nominees weren't unqualified, unfit, unbridled antagonists toward the interests they should serve, maybe faster confirmations
or maybe it's taking awhile because the ink on their checks has to dry. #positionsforsale #anyonecanbeanything #justbuyit
maybe @realDonaldTrump should have nominated qualified people
What you call foot-dragging, Sen, is what @POTUS calls extreme vetting. If cabinet picks weren't so terrifying, it'd be quicker.
You may consider it foot dragging but maybe they actually listen to the people they are representing, unlike you!
#LetLizSpeak
Has Judge Garland been confirmed yet?
you are my "senator" and you are worthless.
Are you nuts? Obama's nominees were all qualified. DeVos paid you to vote yes. We will remember. #resist #Cornyn
Have you Seen these nominees? I'm good with a little foot-dragging.
Am a lifelong Texan with many generations of voters in family.  We are appalled at the nominations. You are disappointing.
COULD IT POSSIBLY BE THAT THEY'RE WOEFULLY UNDERQUALIFIED? Sorry to shout, but you won't listen to us, and I don't have $100K.
I wonder if @JohnCornyn and staff read these tweets as often as they respond to emails or answers phones (rarely and never)?
qualified and vetted candidates tend to be confirmed more quickly.
That's a lie. Obama's nominations all took longer. Way longer.
https://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/obama-has-waited-longer-for-cabinet-confirmations-than-any-other-recent-president/ …
perhaps they were qualified, still waiting for you to answer my previous tweet, you are a coward
How long did you hold up Loretta Lynch?  Answer, 160 days. That's fast?
And does it really matter? I thought you would fight for what is best for Texans but you are just playing politics.
because he has nominated such poor candidates for the jobs they would hold, such as the pitiful DeVos.
It's because they are incompetent, like you, your GOP cronies and that #DraftDodgerDonaldTrump
because they all suck and are unqualified! The American people don't want this circus and you are not listening!!
you should be worried about November 6, 2018.
thanks Jeff for supporting DeaVos and calling out the democrats! You are our Senator and will vote for you again! Keep fighting!
it will now be my sole purpose to make sure you lose your seat next election
could it possibly be DJT put forward terribly unqualified & inappropriate nominees ?? Seriously - shame on you
the Obama administration had more confirmations because he prepared for the job and took it seriously He had his noms in advance
Well nominate some qualified peopke who aren't AWFUL!
if candidates were less evil or what was indicated in P Trump's prior attacks on Wall St maybe y'all would have an easier time
perhaps it meant they were qualified unlike nominees like DeVos. Good luck getting the public educator vote in 2018.
you are a pathetic representative for the state of Texas. Voting in favor of @BetsyDeVos. Way to let kids across the nation down
No.  The delay is a result of the poor quality of the nominees.
your tweet is incorrect so  I'll help. Copy and edit with this: "Due to cabinet nominees being grossly unqualified..."
and I applaud them!  Do your job and represent, oppose racist J. Sessions. We are watching.  TX 23 Indivisible
Could be because he has chosen to put forth an unqualified cabinet. PLEASE do you job. You are supposed to represent me. I VOTE,
couldn't handle hearing KING'S letter... despicable #LetLizSpeak
Might help if our #SoCalledPresident nominated more worthwhile cabinet secretaries
Schedule hearings & nominating people would help. Y'all forget how this works after dragging heels for 8 yrs?#rememberdevos2020
Your president made some crappy choices!
How much are you selling your votes for these days?
All of Trump's candidates are  unqualified, you need to stand up for what's right or find another job. We are serious.
maybe better qualified and less controversial nominees would help? Just a thought. #rememberdevos2020 #comingforcornyn2020
The website, http://idea.ed.gov , used to be available to teachers.  It is not there any more.  Thanks for nothing.
they aren't confirmed because they aren't qualified or they haven't completed their ethics vetting or there are issues.
cabinet hasn't been confirmed because they of their unprecedented lack of credentials.
it's so sad that you chose loyalty to your party rather than your constituents.
or maybe they took a page from the GOP on Garland
if Don Cheetos candidates were actually qualified - the hearings might move along more quickly. Your gal DeVos is a joke.
and GOP refusing to hear Merrick Garland leaving SCOTUS down one. Pot, meet kettle.
