cringe-worthy groveling from an #obstructionist
except that he's illegitimate and appointed by an illegitimate prez #GOPcorruptAF
Garland was NOT confirmed by the Senate!  He's OUT! #ConfirmGorsuch
trai·tor\ˈtrā-tər\noun
a person not loyal to his own country. A person betrays country by help of  enemy.
#votehimout2020
Blah, blah, blah. Duplicitous bastards.
Publicly admitting you completely lack imagination takes courage.
I can. Garland.
Merrick Garland would be more mainstream.
bullshit
Senator, That's ridiculous. The mainstream in this country is pro-choice. Overwhelmingly.
Well, he could've picked Merrick Garland.
I know DT embarrasses you, please save us from him, you should be on America's side.
...or more loved by the NRA...or more supported by dark money...or more against women's right to choose.
Merrick Garland
JESUS!! WHAT HORSESHIT!!
shut up.
The hypocrisy within GOP is simply SHAMEFUL!  GOP CLUELESS! Merrick Garland? SHAMEFUL! America will protest!
Obama did pick a qualified, more principled, and mainstream pick.
Mainstrean Conservative?
Hypocrisy and Republican are synonyms!
the esteemed judge you refused to grant a hearing was more qualified. Hypocrisy reigns in your world.
is this a stand up comedy act?
Does Trump meet that description?
Blah,Blah , another woman hating, racists that Trump can manipulate!
No, Merrick Garland
PRINCIPLED! Did you choke on those fine words Senator, what about Merrick Garland, another principled man.
Mainstream - only if the US wants to be a theocratic country and laws like Sharia.  aka NOPE
PARASITES STICK TOGETHER. Gorsuch has a history of ruling in favor or BIG CORPS....NOT THE PEOPLE
obviously you have a stunted imagination. #VoteCornynOut
"All his other picks, I'll just roll over for those - party before country!"
i can imagine & dream of life w/out 45.
Car 44 Where Are You?
...#ALLLIARS...none are #COUNTRY 1st...
Slow down - the American people want to wait until the next presidential election to weigh in on this.
no to DeVos!
DUDE IS ANTI-BIRTH CONTROL.
#wewon AGAIN 
except if he chose garland
GREAT JOB! We R watching U closely & PRAY 4PATRIOTS ' efforts 2 succeed & save America from total ruin! @abc
Dump the two parties. No more.
literally anyone would be better.  Also anyone will be better as potus.   GOP has lost touch with Americans
repubs poisoned the well with the Merrick Garland theft. Now drink! Hypocrites. Dems should block everything.
Merrick Garland is eminently qualified. And no, @tedcruz Justice Kennedy was confirmed in an election year.
merrick garland
Lemme translate that. Mainstream = white, christian, rich, male. Okay.
Youve got a pretty sparse imagination, obviously. #loser #greedyliars Bannon will gut you all soon
MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAN
I can. His name is Garland.
President Obama named a great SCOTUS. Merrick Garland.
Put people before politics! Voting party lines means nothing! #ImpeachTrump
Merrick Garland.
He's a good choice... for your side. Merrick Garland was a good choice... period. You didn't even meet him.
Merrick Garland was more qualified....but RepubliCONS defied their constitutional duties to allow a vote.
pretty sure that President Obama picked a pretty mainstream & qualified man in Merrick Garland. 
What about Merrick Garland... he fits that definition, and should have been confirmed!
Destroy government & give America to the Corporations?
OVER MY DEAD BODY!
disgrace to the state of Texas.
Awesome Pick!! America 1st!!
daily, but most of us who do our research know exactly the lying, cheating ppl that you are. This man votes with big$$

so you think more conservative than Scalia = "mainstream"? that word does not mean what you think it means
And that would be true if we were living in 18th century. Wait!!!
He is NOT a mainstream consensus candidate. He's your perfect ideologue that votes corporations over citizens rights. $$
Do Your Job!  Vote No On DeVos -#Midterms2018
I DEMAND the Ds say not just "no," but, "HELL NO!"  And the louder, the better. @SenateDems
cuz he's
voting party lines doesn't give your comments any credibility.
Asshats,He is a right wing Extremist!
#StolenSeat saying pick mainstream #alternativefact @SenateDems Get used to 8. Never give him a hearing EVER
you are drooling all over urself as u spew your BS. Only 1/3 of country believes your empty sputtering. 2018.
I imagine he could have selected Merrick Garland, given that he is the current nominee to debate...
Get bent, ya'll.
I mean you could just pass Merrick Garland through now. #obstruct #Obstructionism #GOP #BadGovernment
#MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland
mainstream is anti-women, anti civil rights????? If not anti at minimum weak!
I know, Garland is great!
sure he could, Merick Garland. Hypocrite
British Frantic To Destroy Trump, Save the Empire
