Syria's Assad Thanks Iran, Russia For Helping Thwart Attempts To Oust Him http://ift.tt/2x31teJ 
In a civil war civilians always die tragically. Almost a million people died in the American civil war! War is a nightmare!!!
But as usual , u old Rinos r No better than the others ! Assad protected the Christians & isn't it His Country?Leave Trump out of it!
US armed al qaeda affiliates in Syria for yrs w/ the intention of prolonging this war. Dont act like you give a shit abt Syrians u demon
Says the guy who supports refugee admission restrictions despite the already extreme and burdensome vetting process, putting them in danger
What a load of what the Bull left in the field! We should get the hell out of Syria & let them fight their own battles! Not our Business!
We have an obligation under international law to take in refugees. In 2015 I survived an IS attack, I know what they're fleeing. Bite me.
For someone who "believes in the Whole Bible" you seem to have forgotten Exodus 23:9, Leviticus 19:33-34, Ezekiel 16:49, and 1 Kings 8:41-44
As a follower of the Torah, u like so many people take verses out of context. The us ine law for the stranger and the native born.

How much do u guys make working 4 Soros? Get a real job!
Bot
Hold a town hall.
How many Americans were you willing to watch die when you voted to repeal ACA?
I regret my vote for you every time you open your trap. Assad is a sack of shit but he protected Christians unlike your "rebels" and ISIS.
But you guys like Putin. He brought you Trump.
Pretty sure it was the US backed "moderate rebels"/terrorists that were primary cause. There's a reason Assad has kept support of Syrians
Amen Someone that knows the Truth!
You GOP cowards shld have authorized military action in Syria under Obama if you wanted Afghanistan handled
U wouldnt lie would u? The CIA  might have killed that many, but Assad didn't! We started that war and caused all those deaths for $$!
Is this you trying to distance yourself from the Trump administration? Good luck. You're complicit and we know it. #2020VoteYouOut
And from the awful perinatal mortality of Texas women, John?
And how many women are dying in TX because of GOP policies, John? Do you have that number? #OnYourWatchSenator
Bush & Obama ruined that country to put oil pipelines in. All these people tweeting  Trump did it r Fools! Hillary is the Real Destroyer
When is your Houston townhall?
Yes John. Thousands were killed by the ISIS army Hillary & Obama created, armed, and McCain help manage. McCains trips to Syria? Anyone?
If only they had a place to take refuge...........
you are willing to allow millions of Americans to get sick & die without access to healthcare. you & @SenateGOP are worse than any dictator.
Many in the Middle East died because corruption in Congress allowed $ & weapons from US, Bulgaria & Libya to be sent to ISIS. We know. 
Yrs we Do and Both sides of the aisle r responsible!
Agree - the "Uniparty"
Did you change social media managers? This one not so adept.
#NeoNazis
#Dominionists
#WhiteSupremacists
Be aware. Ask @JohnCornyn if he supports this.
And Trump is tied with Putin and Assad. You are tied to Trump which makes you complicit also.
But but her emails!!! Hilary isn't president. trump and enablers like Cornyn should be held responsible.
President Assad is leader of a sovereign nation period. He is not perfect and has enemies but has to defend himself if armed groups attack.
And your guy fires missiles over a delicious piece of cake trying to change narrative.  You too are in with Flynn.
@JohnCornyn, let's please shift our focus on exercising the 25th Amendment! That should be our #1 priority, sir!
If only you were in a position of power, say a US Senator or something, and could do something about this...
So why are you opposed to taking in the victim refugees of this horrible regime?
Not more than us by dropping hundreds of bombs on them. Poor people of Syria, and nobody prays for them.
Who writes this crap for you? Fire whoever it is. They have no idea who you are.
#castro2020
And you want to block refugees and didn't utter a peep when trump switched sides to join the Russians and claimed victory. Coward
Must have used your healthcare?
And Trump works for Putin and you work for Trump...you're ALL complicit. You are no better than Assad! #GTFO #2018 #2020
USAF has killed more Syrian civilians than ISIS.
You shouldn't have helped push the Iraq War, John.
Suddenly you care. They aren't "white" or "christian" you know. Are you confused?
So why not speak out against Comrade Trump and his support for his BFF Putin. Never mind..I know...cause you have no balls
You know who keeps trying to help Russia for unexplained reasons?
Let's c, tell Putin I'll have more power after the election? Who was that?Barry Setoro? Wait Obama
What are your plans for the chaos in this country, causes by WH propoganda? What are your plans  to fix voting maps in Tx? #VoteHimOut
Wait I have to throw up!! Ok, Soros pd thugs r the one responsible 4 the Chaos ! We know it ! Hillary gave $800 m 4 the cause!
Good for Bashar, it's his country not ours. The U.S. needs to stay the hell out of Syria forever.
Attempting to kill millions with healthcare how does that seem right? Supporting the Alt right Racists how does that seem American ? Resign
Tell Soros that no one is buying all ur crap about healthcare! Millions don't want itYes these Rinos r clueless, but ur guys screwed it up!
You must not remember it was trumPutin that halted arming of Syrian Rebels opposed to assad. Now you are surprised with the results? Inept.
A war w N Korea would kill that many in the 1st hours. Do you think we should let that decision rest with @realDonaldTrump? #ImpeachTrump
Gee and so did 45
America has blood on its hands. It's rich for John cornyn to type a little tweet about Assad when America is responsible for so much death
But yet, you support #Trump and his unconstitutional policies. Really confused by your tweet John.
Last time I looked it was Bush  Obama & Hillary the killer that did all this crap!Tell Soros ur trying but no one is buying it
Senator, What is the Legislative Branch going change or do about it?  You are in Senior leadership, what is your solution?
An authoritarian dictator using any means to stay in power. You're surprised by this, John? Maybe he's offering a tax cut?
When is your townhall?
Refusing to accept Syrian refugees does not give you some sort of moral high ground. Focus on killing Sick Americans instead
As your congress were focused on repealing ACA only to be vetoed... trying to kill 100s of thousands of Americans.. sick irony
See, this is what confuses me. You say one thing and then VOTE another. So far you are voting to keep this crap going & supporting Trump.
So why not accept Syrian refugees?
Their blood is on your hands too. Refusing refugees isn't what America is about.  You can have safety & have compassion at same time.
That's working well in Europe now isn't It?
Now you care about people from the Middle East?

We do not care about rogue dictators 4000 miles away from us when the fed. Gov is taking us to the fire every 2 weeks.
If you are not talking about tax reform for individuals and businesses why are you talking then? Number 1 issue for R voters.
#censure #CensureTrump
This was quite a segment from @CNN that will be shared far and wide 
We don't learn history through statues!! https://twitter.com/nprpolitics/status/899249672618778625 … #CensureTrump #Censure
Confederate Statues Were Built To Further A 'White Supremacist Future' http://n.pr/2fW8ZDT 

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
You seem conflicted! Dumpsterfire helped too along with RepubliKkklans
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/898914860850757634 …

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
Unacceptable.  #CensureTrump #Censure
Trump: "I think there's blame on both sides... you also had people that were very fine people on both sides." (via ABC) 
Why do you support this??! #Censure #CensureTrump
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Republicans care about Syrians now?
I can't keep up.
Why isn't your name here?!! https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Why do you support this??! #Censure #CensureTrump
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
