Because of the policies of your party.
Did you actually read the article? For many, if not most, they have no choice. 
#2020
#TownHall when?
And what are you doing about it?
He's tweeting, just like his hero, Trump.
#2020
#Townhall when??
Meanwhile you'll have us funding you're retirement. You've got it made.
Thanks to GOP deregulation and trickle down economics. Only thing trickling down is the hot piss of contempt from you & your cronies.
Yes, this is because of corporate greed.   Good job texas republicans.
If they are teachers in Texas they are about to have both their pension & insurance screwed over. Why don't you stand by TX teachers & help?
@GovAbbott They have not held up the end of the agreement that THEY set up. I've paid into MY retirement each and every  my entire career.
Is that your personal wish for your constituents? That we should work until we die so we can be less of a burden?
Cornyn does not give a damn.
It's a good thing that your planning to increase their insurance premiums. Hypocrite.
Just remember John, we can undo everything you and the GOP did except bring back the people you helped kill with your greed.
You should buck the trend and just retire NOW
Diversity, yo.
I just finished grad school at age 48. I will now have a job that I love. I don't plan to retire.
What the hell is wrong with you? DO YOUR JOB!
The Senator can't change your life only you! Come on people you must take responsibility! Retire Inspired @ChrisHogan360 @DaveRamsey
And I bet you ok with this, just let us work until we die right GOP?
GOP philosophy: I got mine, too bad about the rest of you suckers. #LastTerm
How's your pension plan? Recieving a pension for 5yrs of work must be nice 
..because you're screwing them out of retirement...
You are making it nearly impossible for anyone to retire,  by gutting SS and Medicare.
They could have saved more money if they actually had affordable health insurance.  Might want to work on that.
Yeah why exactly did u post this? it's not like u care re older folks u do all u can to screw the working/ middle class w/ every vote
People love longer.
Is this your way of copping to the fact that YOU and @GOP are the cause? What are you doing to HELP older Americans? Your job depends on it!
But you have the answer by ?
Then don't cut entitlements!
And for that we simply despise politicians & corporate greed.  Hail the @GOP for killing the American dream.  So very disappointing
Will you help them?
Not necessarily a bad thing.
One reason is middle-income Americans broke from educating children over years of escalating tutition costs, with no tax relief. Fix that!
How can they afford to when the GOP keeps trying to make healthcare more expensive.
Thanks to policies that endanger their health and financial security
Their parents were middle class. They are lucky to be middle clasd. GOP clueless on what to do. Middle class more important than 1%.
Cornyn...I have no idea where you get your statistic from...You will be voted out next term
I'm not sure of your point here, senator. Or did you just learn this and thought you would share your new knowledge.  Keep up John
No worries for you, Senator, with that triple-dip gov't pension!
What's your point John?  Unless it is to point out the widening gap between the classes in America that you help define and perpetuate.
No,  they just can't afford to since you keep changing when we can collect our SS.  Quit robbing the piggybank
And you want them to work longer and harder so their money can be funneled to billionaires as tax benefits. Where's #Trump #TaxReturns?
Yup
GOP is making life a misery 4 citizens and a dream for corps. Ur voting record shows U work for corps. Ex: vote to sell browser history.
Interesting photo of middle class whites, my guess is they see retirement as optional. Poor minority's know they will work til they drop
At 60, self-employed, we assume we can't retire. Health ins #1 expense. Rs 2 make it worse. My educated kids are pursuing jobs outside US.
It's that or starve or go homeless so...
With the many cuts to healthcare and increases in insurance costs to this age group, u r in favor of, it's no surprise they may have to.
I guess you are taking credit for this fact.  (At least, you should be.)
Because they cannot afford it
Maybe if we had some sort of regulation requiring financial advisors to act in their best interest? Oh wait....
Because the GOP (Death Party) screws w every safeguard they have: wages, HC, mortgage stability, retirement funds! Why would U post this?
Working longer because we can't afford to retire seems like something to keep in mind when discussing cuts to Social Security.
That's mostly because they need the money. It's hard to save and invest in a country constantly flooded with commercials to buy, buy, buy.
No dice Johnny. You are out to pasture in 2020. #votehimout #TownHall
In today's world, seniors are let w/no option other than to die on the job, still working...It's sick
BTW Sir, I can’t retire at 65 because all your Bank Donor Buddies stole all my retirement funds in 2008.
We all know you were going to vote to make insurance more expensive for seniors meaning they would have to work longer to cover the cost.
That's because they can't live on social security and aren't able to save enough for retirement
Land of endless opportunity (toil.)
Senator, are you insinuating that this is a choice? That this is a good thing? Maybe you should talk to some actual people?
Yes and that is sad because these people work more hours a year then you do in a 4 year term
Are you rubbing in the fact that the your party's businesd-over-workers policies have led to this?
That's because of healthcare. No one can afford it.
It's time for you to retire, @JohnCornyn .
This is the generation of hard working Americans that is being ignored and abused.
You must be getting ready to propose raising the age for social security...
Wow - you know it
Gee Senator. Kinda making our point about your failures. Yet, you support a bill to make EVEN HARDER 4 SENIORS 2 afford healthcare. ABSURD.
Because of republicans like you who only care about themselves and legislate for themselves
They aren't in demanding physical labor jobs.  Quit being a jerk to people who do the work.  The real work.
Thanks to excessive taxation at all levels of government.
Thanks to politicians fleecing us!
Again a useless tweet because you take no position. Do you even understand the job you're supposed to do?
Because Republican economic policies screw the working class so the CEOs can get richer and buy more Republican politicians
John, at recent local comm event, we read aloud some of the responses to your tweets/calls 4townhall & all had a great time laughing. at u.
- meanwhile GOP ignores widening income inequality & proposes every bill with big gimmes for wealthy.
That's bull!
The generation that created the biggest welfare state, causing trillions in debt. We will be paying for it for decades
