No on DeVos
Senator, I'm a constituent and tried your office several times today. Please vote NO on @BetsyDeVos she's not qualified!
Vote no on DeVos #NoonDeVos
Please vote no for Devos
please save me children's education, and stand out amongst the crowd. Say no to DeVos. #StopDeVos #iVote
as a father of a 7 yr old daughter in Dallas, please Please vote no to DeVos. There has to be someone better!
way to go. You hope that your constiuency will "forget" this. You're in for a rude awakening. Welcome to 21st century politics
I think your decades in office has fried your brain!
As your constituent, I urge you to reconsider your vote for DeVos. We need a candidate with knowledge, skills, & education 4 job
If you continue to ignore ur constituents & ur incompetent nominees r confirmed, nothing will protect u from voters in 2020.
I have called, I have visited your offices, I have sent letters to you: vote NO on DEVOS. We are watching & looking at 2020!
We are your constituents, too. You have got to do better than Devos. 75126 is watching.
Why bother?  You know you are voting for everything Trump wants.
Clearly you don't care what the people who vote for say. Have fun while it lasts. #StopDeVos
You cannot ignore our voice any longer! We WILL be heard! #NoonDeVos #impeachTrumpnow
#NoonDeVos
okay but did you listen to your voicemails from all your concerned constituents tho? #notodevos
little John, why are you afraid to let your Texas constituents post on your Facebook page?
are you guys doing Yoga or what? #RESISTANCE #WomensMarch
How fast will you be able to confirm him?
PUT YOUR PHONE BACK ON THE HOOK YOU COWARD!!! #NotoDeVos
wonderful another example of diversity reflective of America.
Sounds like you're saying that Trump has no intelligence.  I'd have to concur with that assessment, Senator.  Country or party?
I'm a constituent & have tried to contact u. You know DeVos is not qualified to head Dept of Ed. Do the right thing. Vote NO.
Great, now when do you plan to meet with your constituents here in TX? Recess is week after next. Let's have a town hall!
if he follows the trend, he's a crook?
still not taking calls....#notmysenator
listen to your voters, Senator. Vote NO on DeVos. She's woefully unqualified for this & it WILL come around to bite you w voters
#votehimout2020
Hello. It's me. (No, not @Adele). Please reconsider your vote in favor of #Devos and find someone more qualified.
our family voted for chicken shite @JohnCornyn twice and won't answer the phone at ANY office about Devos  NEVER AGAIN
Did he discuss how he feels about Bannon making his decisions for him?
vote No on DeVos! Listen to TX parents!
You have let down the most vulnerable in Texas by voting for Betsy DeVos.
Answer your phones, coward
Vote NO to DeVos! We will remember when you are up for election. Make the right choice!
please vote no in for DeVos.  She lacks experience with public education.
You are putting the Republican Party before the kids of Texas. 

Maybe the idiots who voted for you will finally wake up.
Answer your phone. You work for Texans not special interests! #NoDevosTx Parents and educators agree she is not qualified.
- you have time for him & not your constituents? What exactly do our tax payer $ pay for-apparently not access to our senator.
Senator, Texans stand for our children against DeVos. We're watching you. And we vote.
DC voicemail full last 2 weeks.  Don't you want to hear from your constituents? We want you to #DumpDeVoss bc she's UNQUALIFIED!
your no more then a crook like Trump.
COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY  http://americablog.com/2017/02/gen-mccaffrey-trump-anti-american-statement-every-made-president-us.html …
she is unquestionably unqualified for education secretary. Do the right thing for the children of Texas and the USA. VOTE NO


He'll do really great job of sitting outside the National Security Council waiting for Bannon to ring the bell that summons him.
Senator, As a man of integrity, I beseech you to vote against DeVos. Please advocate for quality education for all Americans.
Article in Tex HS Coaches Newsletter decrying School Choice.  You might want to give it a read, your Highness. No to DeVos.
nice photo op. What is your decision on @BetsyDeVos?
Let's get him confirmed!!
this TX voter asks: please vote no on DeVos and Sessions.
NO BETSY DEVOS! TELL CRUZ TO VOTE NO TOO!  As usual we cannot lv msg your mail boxes are FULL
when are you going to call out the damage @POTUS is doing to our democratic institutions?  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/politics/wp/2017/02/06/president-trump-is-now-speculating-that-the-media-is-covering-up-terrorist-attacks/?utm_term=.2c6fa2ae2121 …
vote NO on DeVos nom. Couldn't answer basic questions on education #unprepared Do what's right for Texas kids!
social media can't be a net positive for you lately. Close Twitter and Facebook and use your phone to respond to constituents.
hope you were discussing your mutual deep concerns about him being optional at NSC PC meetings, while Bannon has a regular seat
Your phones are busy. All of them. NO TO DEVOS!
I have no probs w/former Senator's in these positions; but please vote NO on those unqualified to serve! Do it for America!
Vote no, so other children with #autism and other #disabilities have the SAME opportunities as other children. Vote NO please!
You went Rogue today voting against your constituents. We will not forget, you lost many votes with this one.
My son Michael has #autism
Thanks to IDEA,he'll earn his BS in Egr next yr
#DeVos doesn't think he shld have recieved schooling
And?  What did you learn for us, YOUR constituents?  VOTE NO ON DEVOS!  #DoYourJob for Texans!!
why? Your just going to vote however Trump tells you too. Stop the dog and pony show, you are a fraud!
After that chat, get up, DO YOUR JOB, turn your phones on & LISTEN to your constituents. You represent us, remember! #NotoDeVos!
"National Intelligence" has become something of an oxymoron.
how much did devos give you
Ask him about the media coverup of terror attacks. We're down in here in Texas and all ears waiting to hear from YOU.
@PatrickSvitek If @JohnCornyn votes to approve DeVos for Ed Sec, he is no better than  Dan Patrick.
Unregistrd urban handguns=HUMAN ROADKILL/AR15-AK47 shootings=MENTAL ILLNESS/Opioids-heroin-Mexcrxbrdr drugs=NATIONAL SUICIDE
#answerthephone
how are his alternative facts gathering capabilities?
#doyourjob #listentoTXparents #noreelection
tried calling several times today to your various offices.  Vote NO on DeVos
What is going on with GOP? Things really need 2 start moving. People R getting impatient.
Did you get a chance to speak to #PresidentBannon about this?
@BetsyDeVos I am also a constituent. Please vote no on Sessions and DeVos. I tried calling several times but no one answers
PLEASE VOTE NO ON BETSY DEVOS. THE FUTURE OF THIS COUNTRY AND STATE DEPENDS ON IT.
great. When are you going to respond to your constituents who oppose DeVos?
just a jackass
did you get stuck in a yoga position?
why don't you ask him what he thinks of Steve Bannon, a political operative, being appointed to the NSC principal's committee?

this looks like it was a productive meeting, was Bannon listening in from behind the fireplace?
Hope his mind works better than DeVos'.
Senator, I'm a constituent and tried your office several times today. Please vote NO on @BetsyDeVos she's not qualified!
Same here. TX GOP voter. Say NO to tax funded segregation!
#AnswerThePhone
He won't. He is too busy representing Rep Texans to talk to us lowly Dem Texans. He doesn't represent me.
Just got through in Harlingen 956-423-0162 to say NO to DeVos.
