.@POTUS @RealDonaldTrump calls #USSPorter and #USSRoss commanding officers to thank them and crews - https://go.usa.gov/xXG9n  #SyriaStrikes 

Polls are also the least reliable thing u could cite theae days.. remember the forgone conclusion that HRC would win due to THESE VERY POLLS
I take back the credit I gave you. You did nothing. What was ur point? They still gave the same weapons. Russia tested u. U flunked.
@POTUS AVOIDED THE DRAFT
 #USSPorter #USSRoss GOOD  BLESS WOMEN AND MEN THAT SACRIFICE 
 @tahino1 @Coxyolada @isitreallysin @wonderfullone
Does stating that about @POTUS make you feel better or superior??? Smh
THE PUZZY GRABBER @POTUS MAKES US SORRY #deplorables @wonderfullone @tahino1 @Geraldanthro @Mariotte67897 
LET'S AWNSER TO THESE IDIOTS
Ha, it sure does. Unintellectual people like you are just be left to their accord, with the great hope that one day will wise up. Get well.
Calderon IGNORANTE should be embarraseed of following traitor crazy mentally incompetent @POTUS  @wonderfullone @isitreallysin @IMPL0RABLE
North Korea is no joke. Your stunts won't work and they know what you did. You are putting us in danger.
Was this staged?  Did you really ask duty service men and women to take photos of their colleagues on the phone to you? SAD!
U f-kin serious? U never seen these types of photos b4? Look back on the past 8 yrs n see ALL pix of that beanpOle were staged. R'mbr this
Is this a sciff room. No!
I resemble that remark @POTUS 
Thank you for loving us. #USNAVY
You dodged the draft how many times? Ha ha, you should not, like, hang out with the military at all. Kind of weird, isn´t it?
No. The Commander in Chief is Constitutionally prescribed as Civilian Control as Commamder in Chief - but he is smart n relies on generals,
Houston sucks so much that the only ppl u see on th sidewalks are dope feigns like ants everywhere.
Diplomacy is needed to overcome terrorism. It doesn't seem to be any longer a matter of force.
Diplomacy to defeat terrorism? Legitimize these cockroaches? And then turn around and uphold our end & actually expect them to do the same?
Tell the Navy, Mr. #Trump, how dodging sexually transmitted diseases in the '70s was, to you, just like being in the service
Thanking them for failing,miserably.sad
Thanks to the Navy.  Pres Trump u did the right thing.  The problem is what happens next?
you = embarrassment
BIGLY=BIGIDIOT

Get over it.
I just realized that BIGLY=BIGIDIOT and GET OVER IT are two of the funniest, most complex, and continually rewarding jokes I've EVER seen.
Good for u!
@POTUS @USNavyEurope Thank you for treating all our servants in military with RESPECT for all they do! 4 u DAILY!
I voted for you because you promise to stay out of Syria.  Shame on me!
Your a good man PRESIDENT TRUMP
release your tax returns
WTF does his tax returns have to do with anything??
His tax returns have to do with everything
Like what specifically?  I bet he's paid more in taxes than u ever have
He even admitted during the debate that he didn't pay any the last few years at least.
He's paid his fair share!  Get real!
Then he should have no problem releasing them like he promised.
Haha!  That's whats important to you?? REALLY??
anyone tell you they used the airfield the next day and 3 countries threatened you with war afterwords?
The Brave Live here We care about Others Being poisoned . Killed ,and always will .
then they shouldn't have been a chemical weapons base Zach. 4 less jihadis! Good work Mr President.
Your Syria strike killed four children, btw
Took time to call Moscow but didn't ask congress.
Where do u all get your info. He didn't call Moscow and if he did the dems would finally have something on him
I can't  believe those  teeny tiny hands can really
reach your back.
That right there is a true leader. Thank the heavens for a POTUS with resolve AND compassion. My heart felt thanks to you Mr. President
How do you say thank you in Russian?
Donald enough with the showboating release your taxes what are you hiding? This changes nothing! Traitor! #Resist
WTF?  We were not in any danger.  He might be putting us in harms way.  This veteran doesn't want another war.
Thank them? Piss off #DraftDodger
I would appreciate it if you would not send our Navy on another bogus bombing trip Donald. #Failed
Indeed, @realDonaldTrump critiqued limp-wristed Obama's ability to run the ball.

He did not indict His Own Footwork thereby!
You don't need neocon's like McCain and Graham's approval. You did fine without them, Listen to your base. #nowarwithsyria
We still want to see your tax returns, @realDonaldTrump. Seems like you're hiding something. 
You are fantastic, President Trump!
#neverforgetbenghazi
President Trump, You are truly awesome. 
You are incompetent and should resign! #worstpresidentever

Funny he should mention the Constitution
Why is that funny?  Not used to hearing it from Obama?
You're so thankful that you want to take health care away from veterans, right?
Sir, thank you for recognizing our Sailors! 
We love all of you and support you with prayers, hearts and gratefulness!

Per HRC 

Ask James Rosen and Angela Merkel about Obama Spying - http://dlvr.it/NYC0cS  #Obamagate #MAGA #PJNET 999  
https://twitter.com/jd_Constitution/status/850460482507087872 …
What a pack of fuckwits
I may not like him. But he is my president. And this is Easter. One day we need to come together in unity. Our soldiers are at stake
Peace 2 u my American Brother... we can be ideological opposites, but we ARE united in American Brotherhood.
BLAH! RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS!
Thank you @USNavy! #USA https://twitter.com/usnavy/status/851227376826634243 …...

This seems weird to me.
How so?
How at odds it is with historic precedent for one...
What are you talking about?
The President who dodged serving tweeting photos of servicemen and women accepting his thanks after obeying his orders. It's weird.
Where did you serve bro?
I didn't. I did register for the draft and was never drafted and I certainly mean no disrespect to those in my family and out who served.
I'll tell you one thing I hate is people like you. The left and right using veterans as a means of political talk. Seriously ppl need to stp

Trust me, none of us are asking why Trump won't do something.  We know why: he's incompetent and ignorant.
Can I have a million dollars please?
Your cowardice makes me ill..
Just an honest question.. not trying to start a war.. If him NOT being in Service is so important.. Why does #Military Love @Potus so much?
Thanks for wasting $100 million on a fireworks display in a parking lot while cutting Meals-On-Wheels, Trump!
Then why in the world don you just take your bleeding heart over to Syria and feed the starving kids over there?  You may want take a mask 2
Who is a stronger leader??!! 

Vote below and RETWEET!! 
#MAGA #buildthatwall
@duskyprophet @Tam_Resist sorry, but it's not Obama's fault you're a racist. And hated that a black man was your President.
Such a good man, thank you POTUS for being a great role model and working tirelessly to make this Country great again!!!
How the Russia investigation into its interference in favour of You during the election coming along?
YOU Killed only 4 "beautiful" babies- well done @realDonaldTrump!
I second that!!!
Please hear what the Assad regime says! 
#Syria #AssadGenocide
Why all the publicity stunts?
Will you publicly condemn Putin for his support on Assad? and the use of chemical weapon on innocent civilians including children?
GOD BLESS our armed forces and its Commander in chief. GOD BLESS AMERICA.
Squirrel!
Stop reflect and  go America first no troops or money anyhow  anything you spend would be borrowed this is a bankrupt country!! do your job!
#Trumprussia
You killed 9 people and made 59 holes in the ground and you think that's what the American people wanted. You are destroying our Country.
You wouldn't know a ship if it disappeared up your ass
#GodBlessAmerica #PROUDAMERICAN #HooyahNavy
The navy thinks you are crazy. Especially with your position on climate change. Dummy climate change is the  biggest threat to our security
Did you tell them to drop bombs & miss targets,costing useless millions,remember some elderly person will not receive,meals on wheels,SAD!!!
I defend the Trumpster! What's the 2 have bombs & not use?They got only 1 purpose, to blow up things! Why not junk i , to be a big man!
Mr Trump Where is the promised aid to Venezuela in its electoral campaign? Move the command south to the caribbean sea is a clear message
War Pigs. Evil minds that plot destruction. They only send the poor.
from @nytime: After the Missiles, Remember the Syrian Refugees ! So true!
There was another shooting in San Bernardino today. And it's your fault.
So was the last shooting in San Bernardino Obama's fault?
The republicans in congress pushed a bill that called for less restriction on firearms.
Launch more missles!!! Do it!
Propaganda
diminishing our work to 140 character on Twitter. have you no shame? no decency?
Fascism is Fascism whoever writes the propaganda
Yeah, like all the dozens of "independent news" sources paid for by satan, George Soros.
Awesome @POTUS #MakingAmericaProud
Now I just knew those cruise missiles were accurate!!-->https://youtu.be/zYX4IxZi54Q  U know how 2 protect d innocent w/o going #overboard!!
Any of your family been in the military? I didn't think so. It will be other people's children who die at your command. Show us your taxes?
( !! OUR TROOPS DON'T MISS!! We ALL HONOR OUR TROOPS!!! !!
Nice fireworks that did nothing
WIPE OUT ASSAD'S AIR FORCE! Do it NOW!  DESTROY HIS SARIN STORAGE Facilities NOW!
Ха!С Трампом получилось точно:он сейчас повторяет все слова Клинтонши и говорит её языком!)Как переродился мужик!А может всегда таким был!))
I see you beaming with pride over the violation of state sovereignty. .I only wonder how do you sleep at night?
Isn't posting the soldiers pictures some sort of national security breech? Now the bad ombre's know who they are
Nice Try Tangerine Toddler!
New York Times Wins Three Pulitzer Prizes, Wall Street Journal Wins Commentary Prize
WARNING: TO THE WORLD IN FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 2O17. THIS IS MY RESOLUTION. THE NATION'S OF THE HUMAN RACE HAS TO SET
I would appreciate it if this was not just a one time show.  If we are going to support a cause then let us support the cause.
THIS @POTUS WILL NEVER FILL THE GREAT OBAMA SHOES.
@tahino1 @Geraldanthro 
@POTUS44
I don't really understand your angle in Syria. I do hope you'll continue on an America-first approach, though...You ran on that.
You couldn't care less about our troops. They are toys to you. Great for photo ops and making you look bigly brave.
Calm down, they don't make a flight suit that'll accommodate that wagon you draggin.' No flight deck moment 4 u. #MissionAccomplished
Nature of the Constitution was/is justice/truth must "satisfy all appearances of justice," not by hiding premises+.C Marbury vs Madison....
Trump bombs Syria airport..Hudson News & Cinnabon destroyed! Syria resumes flights next day! I was delayed 20 hrs. On Delta same day. Loser!
@POTUS Wow, look at that USSR oss
Show them that you almost got a full grown pair and bomb them again
Love this President!!! FEELS GOOD MAN!
Yes Sir
NYT walks away with (3) pulitzer Prizes! U know that lying NYT! Oh, what goes around, comes around so says my daddy!
I like it alot, great job MR. President and USNavy, keep it up THKS.
God bless and protect our AWESOME military. Home of the Free because of the Brave.
Too bad those million dollar missles  didn't do any damage. The strike was obviously a PR move. Also, why warn Assad's friend the russi
Go NAVY!!  Draft dodging president should not be allowed near Vets. Military school does not make you a Vet.
Our military personnel and hardware ROCKS!!!! We are the best and stand for what's right regardless of what others might think.
I'm just a con man as your fraudulently elected president! Yay 'MERICA! Yay the 1%! You stupid sheep. I win while you lose. @potus
Mental pygmy.
Excellent leadership, Mr. President.
Thank you
Anchors away!
Splendid
Where are your taxes?
Not only was bogus attack orchestrated by POOTIN and lapdog tRUMP, now turns out the Swedish terrorist and Norway bomber on russian payroll
Sending Navy's old tomahawk missiles to destroy a few Migs that Russia will replace with their old reserve...
Thank you for doing absolutely nothing, but making more enemies. You accomplished nothing! You've cost us enough.
despotic fool
U r lucky no one was killed or hurt. #wag the dog.
Thank you Mr. President for providing this great country with a real Commander-in-Cheif!
But do you TRULY mean it or are paying lip service...I believe it is ONLY lip service.. YOU don't care about anyone, very republican of you
@KeyDonaldTrump @USNavy The KISS Strategy coined by USA Navy in 1960 defined simplicity best policy when tackling issues.
@POTUS so nice to say thank you as you unnecessarily send them in harms way
