These young people who burn our flag will NEVER understand what it means and stands for to us. They have NO IDEA what their missing 

OMG I love that !!! That's EXACTLY what should happen  stick these panty wastes right in the front lines...see how tough you are then !!
I know, right?!!   They are clueless about the sacrifices our military makes. 
Or how many, many lives have died defending it. I suppose they'd want to rid us if the statue at Iwo Jima too...if they could
They are pathetically ignorant & brainwashed because of compromised ed system. Lib teachers doing all they can to indoctrinate.
I totally agree...plus no more pledge of illegance ...no more history of what we've done (good & bad) to make us the nation we are..it's sad
They've done everything they can to tear USA down but then we elected Trump!We're getting our country back! 
There is even a guy there with a CNN hat , he will probably be fired for helping.
Thank you for all your support!
we want to help this Gold Star Brother. http://Americasmightywarriors.org 
That's awesome!
This just makes me come up. I bet this agent felt much the same, and honored to recover that flag
 Gimme a tissue boys. THAT'S THE STUFF REAL MEN ARE MADE OF. aww! BLESS YOUR HEARTS.
Beautiful.
#WV #NH #KY #AZ #CA #NC #FL #PA #WI  #IA #Oh #MI #VA #NY #TX #TN #SC #DC #GA #AL #NV #Detroit #NJ #Chicago #Baltimore #HoustonStrong.
Respect.
God, Country & Family is what America was Built Upon! :)
God speed
Wow, incredibly touching story.  God Bless!
that is so heart warming!
Outstanding. Salute to you all and your brother Sir!
Thank you @TxDPS  God Bless TX
Good for them!
God bless  him
I THANK YOUR Brother for My FreeDom.God Bless the USA.:)
Respect
Thank you for your service!!!
Heroes all.
Our Greatest Generation.  Thank you to the rescuers; God Bless.
Warms my heart.
god Bless this group of Americans who actually love America
Cuz that's Texas y'all!
Awesome!  But why the CNN hat?
Not often, but once in a while you get a story that touches you in just the right spot at just the right time. This was one of those.
God Bless that agent who understands what our flag stands for. . . and especially what it meant to this man.
True Patriots!
Oo-rah!
Op-rag!
This makes me so proud to be Texan.
This is what real men do for our people and flag let's tell Congress & supreme court off ur asses& make flag burning a crime with punishment
A good person & patriot !
gov needs special session, legislate bonus pay to all police, fire, military personnel who worked the flood rescue.
thanks for the great work.
God Bless these wonderful people!!
You both are my heros!  Big hugs and God bless!
We need so many like him in DC
Think the clue is in the Gentlemans title """SPECIAL Agent""". Gods blessings to you all, from all here in the UK!
Hoorah!
What's Jeremy Corbyn doing in Texas?
@Kaepernick7 kaeper stop the disrespect 2 america so we all STAND as 1. This is a great story.
'Merica!!!
Some people don't understand what that flag means to most of us.
Thank you for rekindling some of my faith in american values. I salute your officer & a department that nourishes this awesome behavior

Killed fighting the Nazis Trump loves?
Respect!
Texas DPS rescued a man in Houston & went back for the American flag that belonged to his late brother, a pilot killed in action in WWII. 
Great job.
It's America! Not only Saving Lives in Houston for DPS Agent, History is preserved, Old Glory rescued, for this man, his brother's Legacy! 
Heros.
This is who we r  go yourself #ANTIFA #KKK #BLM take a good look at Houston & just go away.
Now that's a superstar there not these overpaid privileged athletes with no respect.
More American Heroes!!
God bless all the first responders who r doing Gods work

Classy
Thank you
Beautiful.
Somethings are worth fighting for. !
Beautiful story. Thank you
WTG That is real compassion

God Bless that HERO!!  for #Texas
Honor begetting honor. Beautiful!
God bless Texas
That was awesome! God bless!
I Wish I Was A Texan.

If I could sing and play the guitar, I'd make a country song so named.
TxDPS Rocks! Thank you guys and God Bless
Outstanding
AWESOME 
Bless their efforts.
Hero's all...Thank you for your service and sacrifice in the service of your country and fellow citizens!
Awesome work
Love it! #Harvey American's can do amazing things when politicians get the hell out of the way. Talking to you Congress! Not awesome Trump!!
Like to see someone try to burn that flag!
This is what America has stood4..until the defiler fundamentally transformed America into a Hell hole of hate n criminals. again

Thank you I thank GOD for them each and every day.
Wow. 
 TO TEXAS HEROS AND  FOR TEXAS
STAY STRONG 
Why is that one guy wearing a CNN hat. Seriously is this staged and used an old man to push there #FakeNews.
Great Job, Thank You
Just Texans doing typical Texan things like saving fellow Texans.
Awesome story of commitment and courage. His return for the flag and his rescue both show the MAGA spirit.
#RESPECT
And how to use it badly as opposed to using it good based on reality not falsities
Amen Carol
God bless
CC: @jaketapper
Thank you for this! 
This is bullshit, I have my father's flag. Give me a break.

Nice!
#Respect 󾓦
Hats off...incredible service and patriotism
Another heartwarming story!
Good job. Can't leave the colors behind.
The guy with the CNN hate will get fired for taking a picture with a US flag.
I love this!!!! 
"Salt of the earth" comes to mind.  God Bless America and God Bless Texas and Louisiana as they rebuild.
CNN hat??
Thanks so much for all your help.
My grandfather was a B24 navigator. Knowing you'll go back for such important items is what America is built on - the blood of patriots.
awwww... way nice!
If anyone needs me, I'll be weeping.
That's just stupid. Why risk the lives of rescuers for a relic?
God bless you all! 
#Heroes
Bless his Heart! 
,
Nice! Thanks


Warms my heart....
Some real DPS officers I knew very well while living in Houston. Often talked about the Rothschilds and Rockerfellers. Never did get my hat.
Class act!
I love this.
Love my TEXAS...
Right down the street from me. Awesome!
Thank you!!!! 
@KayaJones
Let the beaners n darkies fend for themselves, member Katrina.
Fuckin 'Merica!!!

Outstanding.
Thank you!!!
Amazing men. Great Americans.
What a story!
Thank you, amazing story. 
Good work Officers.  You make us proud.
There is a lot more unity in America, way more than them bussed in protesters and counter-protesters.  That's not MY america, i live in USA
This makes me proud of Texas, this hero & the sacrifices of our military & their gold  families.  God bless Texas & the USA!
Another Texas hero @GregAbbott_TX @realDonaldTrump
Another Win for the good side!
@PolarWhut heartbreaking and heartwarming at same time
God Bless
Made me cry....
A nation FULL of wonderful people , conservative and liberal , and all we get from MMS is hatred and negativity.
Hero's helping hero's!  #GodBlessTexas
Two world wars, to end all wars. And what does Europe do? Opens their border to Middle East while they export terrorism. Consequence?
They are taught to hate our country our flag in College! Indoctrination centers for marxist socialist ideologies
Thank you @TxDPS.
America love it or leave it. Yes! Love it. Especially when I see the great side of our Country as I see here.
They try their best to show we are divided but we are united as one! Under GOD.


Omg so awesome!!
Wow thank you DPS Special Agent !
WOW! Positive sorry after story coming out of Texas.
ANY true American would have done the same because we respect each other, we ALL bleed the same colors and we ALL have love in our hearts.

So very proud of you guys!! Thank you. God bless.
Thank You sirs!! You are true hero's and patriots!!
Hero doing something for a hero's brother!
Compassion personified.
Heros
, This is what this Country is about!!! Not hate and greed like the Liberals want you to believe it is.
Much better
The heartbreaking, heartwarming, miracles and stories that have & are taking place right now, break ordinary human hearts! God Bless Texas!!
So true. 
Young Americans, especially from the left, should learn real history that many lost their lives in WW2 fighting the real Nazism & fascism
Awesome
Wow!
I live in the greatest state, with the best people, a great governor in the greatest country in the world.
Texas at its best!!
At the same time, there are disgraces burning the same flag. Shame,shame I hope your employers learn your name. Employers! Ha ha. Silly me!
God Bless you guys for rescuing this gentleman on top of honoring his late brother one of our beloved servicemen 
Heroes.
Classy move Brother
