What are YOU smoking ???
They are not bringing schools and roads with them.
If the Sacto guy doesn't feel "sense of community" in Sacto, he's def not going to feel it in TX.  Sacto is super hometown, family friendly
Hey the people that voted for you are drowning!! Do you even care!!!
L.A. and L.B. Ports, huge economies btw, bring in freight and products on ship containers.  Not people #GET A BRAIN
Emphasis on FREIGHT...bring in freight....?????
lack of focus on true issues as usual
Awe, God bless their souls John.  The Lord said, unless yeah are born again, by the spirit, yeah will never see the Kingdon or God.
Not worried too much about the flooding Houston? How can you talk politics right now?
Boy bye...
No wonder it's becoming more and more racist here. Lived here over 50 years. Can't wait to get out of here now.
Yes: #SevenMountains apostasy IN TX is why we have #HurricaneHarvey right now.  You & @tedcruz are part of it.  You spit on John 18:36
God was blunt about this in Hosea 4 and 6, esp. 4:6, just as He is in Leviticux 26, Deuteronomy 28, Jeremiah 28.  Remember Harold Camping?
The Prophets explanations for earthly political issues were simplistic to the core. And y'all read them like they were intelligent?
PS Camping wouldn't know how to read the #Bible if it bit him.  But I've no time to explain that.  Just see that first video, IF IF you want
I'm not a Campingite, you silly supernaturalist.
I know that.  Bye.  Either watch the video or don't.  I don't spend time on people who talk sans knowledge.
I just upped one of your videos from 1 view to 2. I could stomach about 2 minutes. Are you of age?
Muting you for not doing your homework.  You should already know how old I am.  BYE.
Srsly John? This is what you talk about while Houston is drowning?? #shameless #GOPout2018 #NoWall #rebuildHouston #2020iscoming
Why did republicans oppose funding for other hurricane damage??
Beyond him.
This is what your focused on today?  Get real!
Cornyn's twitter team is the rudest group. They are so divisive.
This is your concern while my neighbors are evacuating and I watch the disaster unfold around? Not terribly interested in my vote, are you?
Like the citizens you represent that are fleeing for their lives from #Harvey ? Try to stay focused, John.
I live in Texas and I assure you, @JohnCornyn is looking out for number 1 in all cases.  He used his moral compass for a law-book marker long ago and sold the book after he passed out of that class.  Working Texans need to wake up.
I have never seen such discrimination abuse of their fellow man, than these Fleeing Sinners.
Be sure to tell him to move to Austin, Dallas, San Antonio, or Houston when it recovers.
Which is bad because that will just make liberal states more liberal!
Too bad those of us who lived here our whole damn lives can't afford a reasonable house now.

Thanks buddy!
Only in the poor areas.
You might want to look again. Those are "liberals" that will put you out of a job if you don't represent all Texans. Be true to ALL Texans!
Agree with George Fuller#@JohnCornyn
Senator John Cornyn and Donald Trump are like two peas in a pod, same sensibilities and sensitivities both bad for Texas.
I need to flee conservative Texas.
No, Texas was a great place to live and Californians of all political views have/are moving here. Keep deluding yourself
We don't want them.
Good cuz "we" ain't comin 
I guess Austin better watch out..
Meanwhile ... "Despite its conservative reputation, 43% of Texans voted for Hillary Clinton"
They will bring their liberalism with them.  To stupid to leave it behind.
Great! You can have them all!
Is this really an appropriate time to tweet this?
One of our Texas senators, showing his usual care and concern for the people of his state.
Bad enough to put up with indigenous haters.  Now we're importing them. Let me the hell out of here. I have a house to sell CA price.
He voted against aid for the victims of Hurricane Sandy. Seems like he should not be able to get aid for his constituents now.
Gross, get out of our state
Cause THAT should be the focus right now. In your own state. You are such a joke.
Looks like we should build the wall on our Western border.
Are you SERIOUS right now? Go do something useful for the people of your state whose lives have been destroyed.
That's the beautiful thing. Most of the folks coming from Cali are liberal dems and are fueling the progressive movement in Texas.
In the middle of a disaster, knowing that he voted against funds to help other Americans in the same situation, this is what this POS tweets
Lemme guess:Tim Stokes=white so doesn't have 2worry about his unarmed 15-year-old son getting shot DEAD(in the back)by metroDALLAS area cop
It seems the Senator for America's second largest state is nothing more than a twitter troll.
Democrats are turning Texas blue before your eyes. Beware! The avalanche is coming.
Wow. Houston is underwater, and this is what you have to offer. You're disgusting.
This is actually pretty scary. Instead of wanting to cooperate with one another, this pushes for isolation and more "us vs them" ideology.
You honestly think they're moving for political reasons?  #turntexasblue2018 #turntexasblue2020
How do you explain the fact that Texas is moving toward blue for the first time in decades @JohnCornyn. Did you drink Trumps koolaid?
can't resist politics, even when Harvey is hammering us. Tells us about his character.  Stay safe and listen to authorities TX.
Conservatives welcome! Liberals stay put.
There went the neighborhood

Something worse than you has just happened to the great state of Texas. Pay attention.
Seriously?  People fighting for their lives and you're looking for political brownie points?
Ugh. One must question your motives. People before party, john. People before party!!! Too many ppl are moving to TX, making it crowded!
You mean #liberals fleeing liberal states, #eyeroll 
Supposed conservatives screaming for hurricane dollars...
Funny thing is, conservatives in California aren't the same a those born an bred in Texas.
All of Houston and other parts underwater from Harvey and you post this political stupid crap
Now @POTUS just needs to #draintheswamp
This just in, one of the worst natural disasters in history is happening in Texas.  Pay attention, public servant.
Really? Much of Texas is in crisis, losing their homes, some even their life, and you're tweeting about partisan politics? Shame on you.
Hope they are not ur extreme conservatives.

1. The headline on this June 2017 article (ht @samueloakford) says volumes. https://weather.com/science/environment/news/houston-flooding-worsening-concerns-climate-change-global-warming …
Seriously??  This is what you tweet about today?? Maybe tweet POTUS about global warming!
All calis coming to TX, to change TX to their idealized cali.
Screw snowflake weaklings who do not want to live the pioneer self reliance.
People are drowning in your back yard and this is your BIGGEST and BEST tweet???
We don't need them here..period
elderly in nursing homes waiting for rescue
there is a devastating hurricane and associated storm destroying entire neighborhoods and u post this
Ugh- no more
not for long. WE will VOTE u n sorry Ted Cruz OUT!!!!
Y have a natural disaster in Tx & all u speak on is partisan politics? That's why conservatives leaving GOP is causing Texas to be a magnet
but a conservative Californian is far more liberal than you think.
Captured you fool!!!
You/person who runs your account are/is bad at this. Just bad. You continually alienate people who might not agree with you.
Using the Pat Roberts litmus test this would mean God doesn't really like conservatives that much, huh?
Wanna point out that this tweet was probably automated in hootsuite well in advance to post on a normally quiet Sun morning
The staff of the guy may be too busy dealing with the issue of the hurricane to reschedule it so it posted. Don't crucify the guy for it
Once again I'm ashamed you are my Senator!
@elianayjohnson @NPR Good put all the conservatives in Texas and then let it secede from the union.
You are proud of this? the middle of a natural disaster you r a political twit. And Schumer sending help STOP BEING DIVISIVE and pitch in
It won't help you or Cruz keep your seats.
Not today Senator. We need to stop the Politics 24/7.
Right now, a lot of Texans seem to be fleeing so as not to drown
People are literally dying in Houston and this is what's on your mind this morning? Have you no shame? #sycophant
Cornyn is more concerned about spreading his hate & racism than concern over the people suffering with flooding.
It figures Cornyn supports a gather of white supremacist. Values of Pence & Gramm which are purely racist. Pence is pure evil
Seriously this is what your tweeting while your district floods... monster
@elianayjohnson @NPR And please don't return, we believe n climate change here& I don't mind one bit paying a extra dollar 4 it
Several of YOUR counties governments are asking, calling, begging for boats for high water rescues and you are busy with this? #JERKWAD
So that's your priority -- not helping Texans suffering a natural disaster.
Texas is for Texans
Does that bring comfort to Houstonians right now?
Also liberals like me :) - eventually we'll vote you all out.
Really?? This? Where is your dignity, your self respect. Help your constituents that fear for their lives
Seriously? This us what's on your mind this morning? Says a lot about you.
You really need to read what you retweet not just look at the headline. Lol, it ends saying they may still turn TX blue.
Houston is underwater and you sending this? THANKS!
The even further dumbing down of Texas.
Shame on you @JohnCornyn. Poor timing.
You need to go. Are you even paying attention to what's going on in SE Texas?  I thought not. #VoteCornynOut
I don't think anyone is heading to Texas right now. They're evacuating. Maybe we could focus on the millions of people in danger right now?
Ur an idiot.
Side note:  fleeing taxes ass hat, not their beliefs.  FYI you are supposed to work for all Texans not the Pres and not only Rep party
That's a NPR story. Fake news? No it's not. Next time you blather about fake news you can shove it. You don't get to cherry pick reality.
#shameonyou #cowardlycornyn #HurricaneHarvey
Wow, you really are clueless. Houston is in a crisis. Where is your empathy??
Preach Susan! #empathy
Ffs...whatever staffer is running the account today? Turn off the scheduled tweets. This is ridiculous.
Senator, call your office.
why don't you actually lead and care for your constituents instead of playing identity politics
This is what you're tweeting about instead of finding ways to help the people of your state who are underwater?? You should be ashamed.
WTF is ur problem? Just shut up, help the people of Texas. Stop always being so damn political. California AND Texas are wonderful states.
Unbelievable. I understand u r concerned that ur red state is turning blue. But there r much more important things 2b concerned about 2day.
Unfuckingbelieveable.
I see you are focused on Harvey.
Hopefully they care for their brothers and sisters more than politics. Texas will be voting for better examples in 2020
Bulll crap. We are a liberal populous. #gerrymandering
God save them!
Unfortunately a bunch of Liberals are also coming to Texas.
>when my family was literally about to flee to Texas 
The cost of living is ridiculous in California
Three "Man on the street" interviews in Houston tragedy were with those from "Silicone Valley" that never witnessed such crisis compassion.
P.S.  Only non-natives refer to CA as "Cali" lol
Lol.  Keep the dream alive, Senator.  Texas is trending purple in a decade.  Blue after that.  #thereignwillendsoon
I doubt that's the reason.  The problem for you all is that these people contribute to the fact that we are, at last, turning a bit "BLUE"
Im a liberal that cant wait til you flee. You think if not Republican, im not your Senator.
Don't you have more important things to do while your state floods?
National Pinko Radio, stop funding it, closes by telling us to beware a blue Texas.
Racist segregation. At least we know where Trump is taking us back to, and it wasn't a Great America.
I can only hope this is a scheduled Tweet and a mistake & you are not this ridiculous.
P.S. Get new social media people.
The crooked Republican Party is committed to ensuring that its extremely difficult to vote in Texas. Shameful
From the article "Although Fuller is also a conservative Republican, he said, at its core, the desire to self-segregate can be dangerous."
Not the best weekend to bleat about conservatism in Texas, @JohnCornyn.  People are dying in massive flooding in the state.
Spot on, Senator.  Let the progressives mass in LA, NYC, and Chicago.
The more the merrier!
Thank you, @RepPeterKing  http://www.newsday.com/news/nation/peter-king-i-won-t-abandon-texas-the-way-ted-cruz-did-ny-1.14093108 …
Hmmm.  Maybe there's something to this rumored 2020 Rep. pres primary.  Perhaps someone is testing their toes in the twitter world.
Wow. You really did skip out on your sensitivity training, didn't you? Maybe come home and talk to people instead of tweeting partisan crap!
So you're happy TX is seen as a desirable place for selfish people?
We are trying to, unlike you, care about our fellow Texans who are suffering from #HurricaneHarvey . But you do you.
Why are you tweeting this on a day where our people are experience natural disaster and life threatening floods? You are disgusting.
Plenty of liberals and independents moving here too. F***ing magnets, how do they work??
This is what Hillary Clinton shared today http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/how-to-help-hurricane-storm-harvey_us_59a166dde4b0821444c37515 …
Such a contrast from your post gloating about conservative "values".
Thanks for helping us be a magnet for bigots-you are emblematic of what is wrong with this country.  Have a town hall-chicken.
Like flies drawn to shit. Literally, and figuratively. 
It's probably because they're afraid of everything especially progress.
Do they know about the terrible Hurricane? Conservative or Liberal, #HurricaneHarvery hits both sides equally. GOP haters, stay away.
Cornryn:  "Hurricane Harvey? I love that band!" 
You might read it before tweeting, John. Upshot is that GOP dinosaurs like you will soon be drowned in a sea of blue. Bye.
WTF Cornyn?  Get your conservative ass to Houston and help with rescue.
And look at the last sentence. What this does not point out is that many California companies are moving to TX. They're not all conservative
Texas topics of the day:
Conservatives or Harvey
(Hell or high water)
Love that!!

Actually TX would be blue if if weren't for redistricting/voter suppression.
Stop with the bipartisan BS... Texans are DROWNING.
Houston is underwater and you're tweeting this? Your just as bad as the President.
Hilarious!  I'm fleeing home to CA as I post.  That huge sucking sound is people fleeing TEXAS and ARIZONA. KKK and racism...uhm no thanks
100s of thousands of your constituents are dealing with a disaster right now and you post this? Remind me why u and Cruz are in office again
I am literally watching people being rescued from their homes. BAD, bad tweet, Senator.
So in the middle of a fucking disaster this is what you tweet?  How about a Town Hall with Texas Voters on healthcare, the wall,Russia!
What can be done to stop them
Out of touch. Freaking out. Losing it.
I lived in CA and now in TX. Laws are different, but both are nice places. Articles like this divide us.  Focus on helping Harvey victims.
So then the hurricane was karma you say??
Welcome to #Texas
Cornyn's social media director should be fired for this poorly timed and incredibly tone deaf tweet.
Don't be decisive! Stop labeling people! Work on bipartisanship!
Divisive
I hope they can swim. Global warming is real and Harvey is just the opening act. #ClimateAction #Democrats #climatechange #DCC
women must buy rape insurance. The govt controls bathrooms. Good people deported instead of helped to citizenship. Edu cut. Property tax up
