Why are you distracting from real issues w/politics? How about PR, bad tax plan,ACA plan,EPA/Edu/HHD/State dept destruction etc 
You think Lincoln would stand proudly by you and what your party has become? Your lack of shame is #Sad.
Hopefully, with Russian vote tampering investigation, the true reason will be revealed.
I am pretty sure dems just blasted some repubes in red states so your point is?
You know what's good about this article is all the citations.  Really thorough work, you guys.
According 2 Trump's election fraud folks, the N.E. republican governors must've been elected by folks crossing state lines. Townhalls?
Trump is threatening war via Twitter and this is what you care about?
I would say you're missing the crisis in Puerto Rico. But you're not. You just don't give a fuck.
.@JohnCornyn The media is concerned about Puerto Rico. When will you  publicly recognize that Trump is a disgrace to the office?
Ummmm...
Trump's gonna be your undoing.
You could be the most out of touch individual in DC.
The media is not missing the crisis in Puerto Rico which is what matters. The media wont miss the Dem takeover in 2018 either!!!
All these were flipped R To D
Russia help?
Better watch out for Bannon
Thanks for column and posting. I think the 2020 battles will be in the Republican primaries. So proud of what Trump is doing.
He hasn't done anything except bully ppl and play golf. His golf trips alone could have pd for PR aid.
The fake news media IS NOT missing the outrageous response to PR. But you are.
Democrat voters are more open to voting for qualified Republicans

If Remove gerymandering felon crosscheck supresion
Landscape would change
Unless it's Alabama. They fuck everything up except college football.
77096 here.  Still waiting for a townhall.
Takeover? Have you declared war?
You let #CHIP expire http://abcnews.go.com/amp/US/program-low-cost-health-care-9m-children-set/story?id=50188069 …
#FakeNews
Shut up!!! Do something  about the asshole in the WH. PR needs food and water. Your guy? Playing golf on tax payer dime. Step up or step ouy
I think the media missing #chip is much worse. 9 million children's healthcare. HOW DO YOU SLEEP AT NIGHT??
I am never interested in hearing what you think the media should be talking about. NEVER!
Why do we care?  Focus on Texas.  Unless you are trying to pull the focus away from the numbskull of a President. And his many tweets.
If he's doing a good job that's great. Nothing wrong with that. Any politician hovering around the center gets more support. Extremes don't.
I wouldn't be so happy about gerrymandered districts.
God I can't wait to vote you out in 2029
John you are out of touch with voting republicans. Better take a hard look at what you are doing and who you are supporting.
The evil dark-side is spreading. It must be stopped
Charlie Baker in Massachusetts is a RINO! LePage & Sununu are real Republicans. Not sure about Gov of Vermont.
Too bad we don't have more New England Rs. Far more reasonable than you and your colleagues.
Mr. Cornyn, how about you fight for Puerto Ricans to get the same level of national support Texans did? How about you help focus @POTUS
Political cowardice is unacceptable. Make a statement of support or censure of the president. Texans deserve to know where you stand.
How is that new?
it may surprise Cornyn that GOP governors in New England are not bigots, racists and Koch brother stooges like Cornyn, Abbott, and Cruz...
But they sure are picking up the needless suffering & dying in PR/USVI caused by Trump's failure to respond, aren't they?
You’re missing a hostile nation interfering  with our democracy while you continue to support 45 who plays golf more than works...
Defeat @SenatorWarren and people will notice the takeover
Maine's governor is a nut who won due to split votes, but the others care about governing. I just wish the national GOP as well.
Ignorance among government officials is rampant.
The republicans not standing up to trump? You are the one with your head up his butt.. always kissing it.. will it come back on your?
Cheers no take over respect money
People Puerto Rico need food,  water and electricity.  Show some leadership! Help them! #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
Paul Page is LOATHED in Maine. The other three N.Eng GOP govs are accepted because they're not #wingnuts like Cornyn or even worse like Cruz
They're busy with football and San Juan...
Shame = @JohnCornyn
The party that can't get anything done? Giving tax breaks to the rich?? 2018??
The Republican party missed an opportunity to prove it can lead. We are observing that the senior Senator from Texas is part of the problem.
Do they have the spines to hold town halls in New England? Asking for a few million Texas taxpayers.
Low as gerryamending in place they will win JUST like in Texas
Republican gerrymanders are the most flagrant cause they were 
created in states, including Pennsylvania, competitive on a statewide level.
If you tweet an article about something, it's not being missed.

Hahahahahahaha
would prefer you tweeting about how trump is screwing up life as we know it in America. Stand up to it, bro! Texas wont dislike u any worse
omg I think we are JUST a little busy now with all the other crisis - both real and manufactured by trump
NY Post? Really?
Probably distracted by the dumpster fire in the White House
We are watching PR die and your president lie about it. Is this tweet a warning from you of more wickedness in the making?
Wait, you can vote out incumbents at the state level even if you disagree with the national party?

Big if true.
Trump is missing tragedy in Puerto Rico. Your enabling of his policies of racism is disgusting.
After whining for help for TX your silence on trumps attempt at genocide in PR is telling. Only after extreme pressure did he decide to act
You and Rs will go down in history as the Nazi sympathizer of the trump era. Afraid to speak up
Or complicit

To be clear, this is the mayor of San Juan who he insulted. She's using a bullhorn to find people. 
This was interesting. Perhaps you will manifest some integrity and discuss it in a town hall? Maybe answer constituent emails? Coward.
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”
Thanks Mitch Jr
Sad that "take over" in your mind makes sense. Despite Nazi trump and Rs worship of him this Country will not be taken over by you racists
the only party with a history of racism is the Democract party, Republicans are always stopping your racism
Funny, the Lincoln was Republican idiots. That was a different time. Read some history
Lincoln and Trump hold same ideas. Read some history. Democracts then are Democracts now
There have been many honorable Rs and Ds in politics, white supremacist, racist, misogynisti, crook trump is not one of them.
can't name an honorable democract and Trump isn't any of those silly meaningless names you spew
Not going over to well
More like they’re ignoring it.
It's already poisoned Texas
It's hard to focus when the head of your party is attacking a mayor during a disaster (again)
liar
