Dump self interests & put forward what the majority of Americans want despite party affiliation #MedicareForAll Make America 1st world again
No, no Medicare forball! Since when is ou government our nanny and provide healthcare?
 We need to go back to capitalism
All this healthcare started because the illegals didn't have health care, the people who didn't have money's had Medicaid . REMEMBER?? I do

'Even the Good Hombres Are Not Safe:' Federal Judge Stephen Reinhardt Slams @POTUS! https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/MjFNGikKt7L …
My goodness! I feel sicker & poorer already. Room full of ppl that care more about tax cuts for wealthy than ANY aspect of healthcare.
GOP please get behind our President 100% and get busy on those campaign promises. Start managing up our President. You are his A Team. Pray
You're proud to sit at table with DT. I'm embarrassed for you. And for Texas.
How can we take @potus seriously on tax reform when we don't know how he stands to benefit? Show us his taxes.
Why don't we have Obama show us his taxes because he suddenly became a multi millionaire in his term with a yearly 400,000??? Show me first
Um... Obama shared his taxes for the years before and during his Presidency.  Nothing was kept from us. He is now a private citizen.
REALY now, 2 million to erase his records, bought several estates in the millions so I again ask, is it on his taxes where did he get the $
Maybe they should focus on impeachment defense?
great shoutouts here, Sean
all for show and nothing more its time to start thinking of your family @PressSec and get the hell off the trump train
How special. Are they discussing what happens after impeachment?

When are we going to lock up..hillary, obummer, lynch, rice Samantha powers etc.,
Those koch brothers "paid" for their tax cut. Where is it?
Went to Clinton foundation as she used it to pay for her daughter wedding and to live off! Fraud! For fre cell phones for POS! You get one?
They're sizing him up. You, Sean and he are the only ones who don't realize that.
@realDonaldTrump Would you please tell me exactly how many times do I need to ask you to stop tweeting your presidency? And, i will ask.
I think this is a good tweet to end our relationship on. If you want me too? I will ask you to stop tweeting. I'm out now. God bless you.
@USTreasury @POTUS @VP @HouseGOP let's make sure we have our stories straight ok 
Tax reform = make sure my rich buddies come out on top
So quit stalling and keep your promises
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @EricTrump Evil is evil is #evil.
All talk no results! Republicans to stupid to pass anything that will help Americans!
Now THAT is a room full of swamp dwellers if I've ever seen one.
Sean can you get a statement on POTUS relationship with Sessions? What's up ??
Who is going to hire you after this gig?  How do you look at your children? You are worse than "Tokyo Rose"..........................
Love u Sean maga 
Will Betsy DeVos & family get "the return on their investment?"
This whole damn bunch cares nothing about the US just their pockets and family
You mean tax reform for his boss.
Don't you have any SELF RESPECT??!!
That's a whole lot of old white men...#MAGA  #WorstPresidentEver
Oh good the jerks will have even more money while the rest of us suffer #Make AmericaGreatAgain (I vomit here)
WOW lotsa women at that table discussing health issues for women.....warm fuzzies for me!
IF rumor is true that Pres. Trump is fed up with AG Sessions and he's offered to resign then Pres IS making a HUGE MISTAKE. Chill out.
I hope he told them get your asses to work or the American People are going to say "You're Fired"! 2018 is coming soon & we will remember!
Meanwhile behind the scenes as billionaires rejoice over huge tax cuts for them.
Spicy in green to better hide in the bushes
A rogue’s gallery of those fucking up this country.
Finally!  We have a President who will do what he says he will do.  Thank you!
This meeting is straight up #moonlanding fake
We don't talk about BUBBLES unless we know BUBBLES.
@nepafortrump @POTUS @VP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOPLeader @JohnCornyn @SteveScalise  best pass DJT Tax
The #draintheswamp is not working... how many years of career politicians do they have in that room?
Pussy grabber supporters and traitors to this country #TrumpRussiaCoverup
SIR THE WORLD NEED TO PAY ATTENTION GENOCIDE HOW BRITISH BUILD NIGERIA BY BLOOD OF 6.5MILLION BIAFRANS SINCE 1914# HAS EXPIRED#FREEBIAFRA
#liarinchief
•••>
@SteveScalise @gop @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @POTUS @realDonaldTrump This is how I live bc of #Obamacare @SenatorStrange #pray #FULLREPEAL 

I hope he's asking them what the heck they are doing with all their time.
3C club. Complicit. Collusion. Corruption.
LOOK!!! THE TWITT*TAIDOR AND HIS HIS SQUAD!!!
Big of you and your bots to post a picture of this fake "Big Meeting".
"I had Jello today."
Time for action! Not long recess where absolutely nothing happens.
Gross.
Mensa meeting how to correct Mr Comey testimony. Who elected this shit anyway ? Bots ?
You are still terrible.
Her face is all of us..
Why don't you meet with anyone from @TheDemocrats compromise is not a dirty word.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Throwing a resignation party? It worked for Sarah Palin. So much fraud in 1 room.
#resign
I have to know how you all sleep at night?? & Spicer the more u stick up for orange man, & the rest of you the worse you all look !!!
Oh yes. We'll have a wonderful bill on that, even if they have to draft it while behind bars. A pitiful attempt at distraction.
The meeting to make the rich, richer by taking healthcare away from the poor.
Why are you keeping everything secret, @JohnCornyn?

So you are tweeting pics trying to prove this con artist is working? Sad! What a bunch of tone deaf immoral snakes  #corruptGOP
Evil group conspiring to sabotage the healthcare of all Americans rather than work with Democrats to improve it.
Look at all the old, rich, white men.  I'm sure they have the best intrests of working class men and women
This group does not represent America!  Healthcare is a bipartisan issue.
Yo Spice, how busy is Big Trump?

Doesn't look like he's missing many meals.
Hey is that really three women among the combover silverbacks?
Look!  Some Black people!!!
Hahahahahahaha this is news? These are people he should be meeting with every day, VERY happy to hear he doesn't even do that.
Sean Quit now and go work at a package liquor store
You want/need cooperation but yet no democrats invited. Great divider, no uniter.
LOL ... the brain thrust behind AHCA and tax reform that haven't produced legislation on either.  A real clown show.
A new study finds as many as 4.7 million children could lose health coverage under the GOP health care repeal.
Senators, we gave you the House, Senate, and WH, to get this done!  Now go do your jobs before your August recess!
How many stupid people can we fit in one room.  Wait we have more space HAHAHA
One woman at the table. One person of color.
How do you sleep at night? #seriousquestion
#mostlydopes
Any other insults u want to hurl at Dems? From the man who was going to unite the country.
Hard to put a more worthless group of human  in one room.
Just a bunch of old white men doing nothing.
Thank goodness the rich will get their tax cut!
#Trumpcare
GOP YOU BETTER GET YOUR BUTTS IN GEAR AND SUPPORT THE TRUMP AGENDA.  TIRED OF COWARDICE.
And the embassies stand with no leaders
Right!  And to date there is no healthcare, no climate agenda,no head of FEMA with hurricane season upon us. Great job!
I see over half guess seats are empty... or are they for his @realDonaldTrump ego and spit personalities...
Gimme an OLD! Gimme a WHITE! Gimme a MEN! Not the maga.
bunch of #lyingrodents
No Kushner! Someone file a missing persons report.
That's Donald explaining why he wants to play golf on weekdays and only work on weekends!
The token woman is a nice touch. #asshat
Notice the empty seats?
#SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #NoAHCA #SaveOurCare No more tax cuts for the wealthy! And we want a #townhall @JohnCornyn @tedcruz!!
When is the republican controlled #Congress going to put #AmericaFirst?
Ah...never.
Republicans cannot get anything done.
Not supporting Trump's agenda.
Dems at least have an excuse.
Bad. Just bad
#45MAGAStrong
Leaders? There's not a single leader in GOP! This Country sure could use one, but so far NOTHING! It's terribly sad! #Impeach #Democracy
WHAT IS THAT WOMAN DOING AT THE TABLE? #unacceptable
Tax cuts & Healthcare are just frivolous political schemes unless they are effectively helping the bottom 40% of the citizens!
#STOPSHARIALAW in USA
A one-time vote from undereducated Joe Blow is not the same as getting judges to listen to you. Your excuse for twitter was stupid, Sean.
I'm certain Trump won't sit at the table with a democrat!  I wouldn't sit at a table with Trump!
Why does he never meet with democrats, party over people trumps mantra
@GOP failure
At this point you need to feel like the biggest flunkies in the whole world ? Huh ?
then he asked the media to leave and told them what not to say or ask Comey
having a strategy session with @JohnCornyn and @marcorubio tonight on how to trip up Comey.  You guys are either real dumb or don't care.
Ask 2 questions while you're there, 1. does he believe in global warming 2. where are his tax returns, can be late and under audit both.
WHY IS PRESIDENT ONLY MEETING W/ GOP. DEMS  NOW NO LONGER PART OF CONGRESS? TRUMP IS CREATING HIS OWN CONSTITUTION.   DICTATORSHIP IS HERE.
Stop the distraction of DJTs moronic confusing tweets that distract from his actions & hinder progress on his agenda. His own worst enemy.
And there's.... what 1 woman and 2 people of color allowed in there? This country ain't made up of old white men.
When do you look in the mirror and tell yourself that enough is enough?  Remember, DAY ONE, you were defending "FAKE" crowd size.  Sad...
Soooooo still no women? Unacceptable.
So much for reaching across the aisle to get things done
"So we're all rich. Tax cuts for the rich at the expense of the poor?"  *Handshakes and evil grins*
@realDonaldTrump didn't want you to meet the @Pontifex in case you had an epiphany.
THIS IS HARMING US NOT GETTING SIMPLE HC DONE AND SIMPLIFIED TAX REFORM !!!  Waiting stalling infighting is anti-American !  Shame on ldrs !
.....or tell me what meds you got from your dealer, must be really heavy shit.
Dear Sean, how do you dare face yourself in the mirror, raise your kids, being one of 3 of the worlds foremost liars?  Please reply .......
Looks like a room full of swamp dwellers.
...and nothing happened...
Hey look! It's several of the worst people on earth! I bet they're discussing how to do a whole lot of nothing for the  American people!
They might just make the lives of the American undereducated, unmedicated swamp loving minority fringe better as well.
@FoxNews  I missed it. When did ANY Media and the Dims revoke any POTUS 1st Amendment rights?
You me see @realDonaldTrump tax records so we can trust him.
The Last Supper...
How's that bill progressing?
IF CINGRESS CANT GET GOING NOW THEY NEVER WILL - it's time to replace Paul Ryan !!!
#hashtag @at. Tools
Ryan is a GOP 
Good that you've found something productive to do... I suspect when you became a Navy Officer, tweeting this stuff was your dream [m]os...
They need to talk about the #Fairtax !!! 
Money for the 1% pockets! Worst WH in History
Picture reminds me of a bad case of diarrhea!
You are doing a great job Sean.  I can't imagine dealing with the liberal press vermin.  Hats off to you for your professionalism.
Lots of hot air in that room...
All white evil men, scariest picture out there.
Get the people's work done. FULL REPEAL, BUILD THE WALL, IMMIGRATION. And please speak out about the crap denms are doing. 
Seriously...not one leader from the Democratic Party at this table? 
What crap u dreaming up now getting ur stories straight corrupt illegitimate administration
The "alleged" president and his administration should be making no decisions
We want tax reform
Look at ya Gawdaym Traitors
