How dare you even say the words Public Education after voting in DuVos! Shame on you!
OMG totally agree about this alligator  @JohnCornyn in the DC Swamp! He only cares about his power & we will vote in 2020.
I'm running against him. I would love to have your support!
Yeah Dougie, you lost me at "God". Keep that nonsense out of politics.
you want God out of politics, I guess you have not ever read any of the founding documents
Ever hear of a guy named Thomas Jefferson? Look him up, chucklehead
They certainly are indispensable given the cost of higher education these days.
Did they educate you on how to do your job, #AnswerThePhone, and hold a #TownHall?
he is one of the alligators in the swamp for 18 yrs & he is in bed with the NRA & Koch brothers. Do ur job Senator!
We should make sure to do our job and send him back home to Texas FOR GOOD in 2020!
Ever visit voters, John? If you were evaluated like TX public educators, you'd be out of work.
when do you plan to meet with your constituents in public? we would like a town hall ... why won't you respond?
.@JohnCornyn Awesome!  When will you be having a town hall to meet with your constituents in the Austin area?
I would be very happy to reserve a room at any ACC campus so that you could have an Educational Town Hall.
But what about the Russians in the White House? Why so quiet?
good. Now will you properly fund them?
, "good to visit with community colleges" IN the state not just at Texas Thursday Coffee in D.C. Join us!
so you CAN have meetings? Cool. When's your Houston town hall?
he is a coward @JohnCornyn. He doesn't want to face what he calls the LEFT.He forgets that we are real people w/ concerns!
Now you are REALly@funny. You need a job.
you forget the time difference, Comrade?
Educated me well enough to know UR are NOT doing UR job! #answerthephone #TownHall
jobs that our kids won't have with the current state of education in Texas. Come meet with us. We don't bite....
what a big crock of crap coming out of your mouth. You don't even support public education! #NotMySenatorForLong
What?  You were here?  How about letting your constituents know so we can meet with you?
@indivisibleATX i have tremendous respect for our educators, however, it may have been better had you held a townhall with..
your constituents & invited these same group of educators to it. I'm sure they would have accepted ur invite!
Can you also meet with your Texan constituents, such as at a town hall in Texas? Stop ignoring us. You work for us 
I'm glad you visited
but let's ignore your constituents! #townhall
then why did u vote for Betsy Devos! You didn't vote to help students in TX but for the GOP! Do ur job & investigate Trump!
Many of your constituents in Houston would like to visit with you, too.  Please schedule #townhall so we have the opportunity.
why don't you host a town hall along the way?
until DeVos gets ahold of them........
"Now, let's kill those jobs so we can privatize it, okay?" I invite you to spend even a day in a REAL school to see what we do.
You're welcome! Every day I teach philosophy so as to help my students be able to carry on the greatness of our Republic.
perhaps fund them then????
What can we do to cut costs? My daughters will re-pay loans for years to come!
we have a great community college in Austin. You should visit and hold a town hall
before devos rips them all a new one, huh!
did you thank texas state for their racist propaganda too?
You're a coward... come to Galveston.
Too bad they can't get enough funding to make education affordable.
We need a town hall in the rural areas you "represent".  #DOYOURJOB ##YOUWORKFORUS
Called your office today & they couldn't tell me your schedule. Hmmm. Avoiding constituents?
You don't have the right to say jack shit about public education after the DeVos vote. It's clear you don't care about our kids.
As a teacher, I would love to talk about public schools at a #TownHall
how about visiting with your constituents? #TownHall
you stand up for meaningless positions and abandon Texas on the real issues--yes comm. colleges good, no thanks to you
THANK YOU for supporting our Texas community colleges!!  An important component of our educational system.
what do you think we are, idiots? You backed DeVos. It's clear you oppose public education. #CornynFailedTexas
we need a town hall in Dallas
Do Your Job you work for us.
so you ARE in Texas. when is your next town hall?
Don't vote for mentally ill to be able to get guns.  It is national security issue do not make us less safe
Do even of them ask you why you voted for Betsy DeVos?  Because I know they're not pleased with that decision.
please ensure that department of education does not fail our students. Thanks!
#TownHall  When will you be visiting your constituents back in Texas?
Glad to know you support them!
why aren't these visits tweeted our a day or two before? Always seems to be after the fact.
You have next week off for "state work"! In case you have forgotten, you supposedly represent Texas. Town halls, John, all week!
this is nice. Thank u for this. BTW a space at HCC would be a great place for a Houston town hall meeting!  hint hint hint
and bring tacos to your DFW town hall!
to be clear, public ed you want to destroy. How long exactly was your nap?
Where are these TX events on your calendar? Can we have a #txtownhall now please?#AnswerThePhone Thank you!
As always, your twitter feed is full of unwavering support for you and your actions!  Oh, and today is Opposite Day.
so this was a public event? Open to the public?  And you are attending functions? When can we see your calendar, so we can meet?
You voted for Devos! You clearly do not care about public education! YOU WILL BE REPLACED! You will be held accountable #AssHat
when do we get a town hall with you?
nice, now how about a town hall?
maybe we can up their funding?
