"The 60 vote bar in the senate is the guardrail of our democracy" @SenSchumer using a driving analogy,"the guardrails are being dismantled"
Never before has a party been as obstructionist as the @GOP. Your hypocritical, feckless comrades have short memories. #resist #impeach45
have you been listening to the news lately?  or are you hiding under a rock.  The Dem's are blocking the nomination for no rational reason
seriously? Who is living under a rock now? 1 #MerrickGarland 2 #russiagate 3 if lifetime appointment can't get 60 votes appoint someone else
Merrill Garland would not have made it through committee, not enough votes for end of presidency. Russiagate? New one .. no real facts
And you know why? @GOP obstruction from a pile of feckless peons.
Sometimes I think they all are.... they want all the glory but don't want what is right
So why are you falling in line behind them?
The obstructionist is equally divided between both parties. I think the democrats are better organized at it though
Never before haven't Republican Senators been so delict in their duty to the Constitution, by ignoring Obama's nomination, Merrick Garland.
#MerrickGarland
John, you are an extreme disappointment. We need to bring you home and send someone else to Washington.
*There
*there
There
Well there wasn't a filibuster of Garland bc you guys refused to even hold a hearing.
how do I spell hypocrite: J O H N  C O R N Y N
Never was a Scotus nominee denied a hearing.
Do you travel to CO to smoke weed?  Something is off!  I am a Texan and you do not understand who you represent.  We want fairness, not this
You/your cronies were quick to wreck the 'guardrail of our democracy' first instance you got. Your house of cards is collapsing
Keep telling yourself that. We will all pay for what you did.
After you refused to even have hearings. Now you just change the rules when you can't get the votes you need. Isn't that cheating?!
no the GOP bypassed that by not even giving Garland a hearing!
you said "It's our obligation as senators & under the Constitution to give an up-or-down vote to any nominee" whatabout Garland
Merrick.
You guys should have given garland a hearing. GOP is damaging our democracy. You choose your privilege over my liberty. #resist
*there
Republicans refused to evennhold a hearing for Merrick Garland
Probably because you guys sat on Garland for so long. He was more than qualified.
As an elected representative, you represent us all in Texas. Not just Republicans. The filibuster was intended to remind you of that.
Exactly what part of delaying SCOTUS consideration by Senate is unconstitutional?
The point is that crying about partisanship is hypocritical. Pretty sure this wouldn't have happened had they given Garland a hearing.
Who are the adults TODAY Meredith?
None of them. I am just tired of the R's hypocrisy in this regard, as if nobody remembers what they've done the past several years.
You're not going back far enough.
Today. Republicans are the adults. Dems are childish, whiny
We'll have to agree to disagree there because I don't think the nuclear option is an adult move.
1/ i agree. But both sides need to step up and take responsibility for where they ended up. Rs pulled the trigger too soon on the nuke
Cornyn & GOP cronies have destroyed our government. Unprecedented obstruction w/Obama, now this. History won't be kind!
Can't wait until you losers are out and we roll in 6 women in a row and give RGB her dream court.
@sallykidd @SenSchumer really!!? Never?!! I doubt it...
this means no one will ever get a nominee confirmed if they don't hold all the power.
So, you are really proud of yourselves. Shame, the freak, on you.
You dishonor the role you were elected to.  Your focus on Republicans >America is clear.  You are an embarrassment  MERRICK GARLAND
Never before had senate sat on a position like you all did with @POTUS44 recommendation. U all are such hypocrites #democracy in action?
GOP has no honor for tradition or decorum.  #2018 & #2020 can't get here soon enough.
Never before had a qualified Supreme Court nominee been refused a hearing, you stopped playing fair then Republicans will pay for this in 18
Never before has any party used the nuclear option (written for constitutional questions) for pure party gain. Shameful @JohnCornyn.
Never before has one party failed to carry out their constitution responsibilities in carrying out the confirmation process.
Never before has a SOTUS nominee been denied a hearing.  You did that.  Time for the Rs to go.
You and your R cronies broke all the rules with Merick Garland. Don't go whining about D's now.
Somebody call the whammmmmbulance It is called #karma or did you forget about #MerrickGarland 
As a conservative you should be delighted. Or do you actually have a conscience? Nah.
Never has there been such a disgustingly partisan butchering of the rules for an unworthy nominee of a criminal @potus
What ever you have to tell yourself.
Another obvious case of Republivan rule rather than true governance
 Midterm elections are coming; debts will be settled at the polls...
That Alzheimer's is getting to you.
so freaking what? so FREAKING WHAT!!!!!  soooooo FREAKING WHAT!!!
I'm your constituent and I AM DISAPPOINTED IN YOU. Gorsuch does not belong in the supreme court and Trump does not belong in the white house
@tedcruz never before was there a filibuster that took away our AAA rating and cost us billions - eat your Green Eggs &Ham-enjoy @TXlege
What about when you & other @SentateGOP refused to meet w/ #MerrickGarland. #hypocrite Can't wait to vote you out! See you at next #townhall
Never before has a party purposely robbed a President of his @SCOTUS nominee. #MerrickGarland
This is because you screwed the pooch with Merrick Garland, you insufferable party hack.
The irony of this statement after 8 years of do-nothing GOP obstructionism is beyond spectacular. #Hypocrisy
Pick a moderate SCOTUS nom. Life will be easier for everyone.
Sen you complaining about this just makes you look childish after the treatment you gave Obama's nominee.
Not to mention their treatment of Obama himself.  Talk about obstruction!!!
Regrettably you have become very partisan youself.  Merrick Garland comes to mind.
You think we'll forget by 2020? You have committed yourself to complacency. 100% Party over country. #trumprussia #unpresidented #goodbye
".......any Republican lecturing us on obstructionism this week gets the Gold Medal of Hypocrisy." What he said!
never before was there a republican refusal to hold hearings on a qualified candidate Merrick Garland. GOP created this problem.
Change the Goal Posts Republican
Hey, dude! Your pants are on FIRE! #liar #realnews
"There" sunshine.  Been hanging around Betsy a little too much?
Um, what about Merrick Garland? Care to comment on that? Now you use #NuclearOption ?  Short sighted Senate.
Your nominee wasn't qualified. You are only trying to rush him through before Trump gets impeached. See you at the ballot box! Then, bye!
You are pissing off your constituents with a tweet but not following to engage with them after. You just leave us hanging like wtf.
You can't seriously call THIS unprecedented when you didn't hold hearings. What would be unprec. Is ending the filibuster.
Never before have you refused to do your job either
I'm embarrassed to be your constituent. #NuclearOption
Not 60?  Change the nominee, not the rule.
What do you call not even talking with a nominee?
Clearly #CongressDoYourJob is putting party over country. There must be ONE other person in the country that would get #bipartisan support.
Yeah!! You guys had to find a different method to do the same thing.
@JohnCornyn is sadly the LEAST embarrassing Texas Senator. cc:@SenTedCruz
Merrick Garland
This is how a democracy works
That's how RULES work. Only a CHILD demands new rules if he's losing. Gorsuch is out. Choose a new nominee. #coughgarlandcough
FYI many of us read a lot more than just your hypocritical Tweets. You just need to stop. We know u value $/party over country.
Have you had your memory checked lately, sir?  It's very short these days. Merrick Garland. No filibuster bc he didn't even get a hearing! 
Never before has "their" been a Maj Whip so ready to obstruct & point across the aisle.
Never before has a Maj Whip remained silent on emoulements & nepotism while pointing finger across the aisle.
you have a crush on @The_Raheel according to sources.  #MmmBoneless
Solution is...straight forward, healing, prudent, admirable, & more than justified....NOMINATE A CENTRIST, Courts are not political fodder.
@sallykidd @SenSchumer Really? Explain your 500 filibusters during Obama's presidency? Your attempt to spin isn't working.
You keep trying to convince us. #notworking 
#notaleader #Trumplackey
All of this can me blamed in how you dealt with #MerrickGarland. Plain and simple.
It seems Democrats are willing to take a chance that no other Justice will retire and wait for next election hoping a Democrat is elected
Dems are doing exactly what GOP would be doing if Clinton had won. Furthermore, your SCOTUS choice will soon be confirmed. Yet you whine.
Never before has there been a #SCOTUS seat stolen from the @POTUS44 by MOCs. This is hypocrisy by #deplorables   #MAGA #TRUMP #TRAITOR 78259
Senator, you are politicizing the Supreme Court. STOP IT!
When the governing party tries to take the country back 100 years, there'll be a lot of "never before" ways to #resist #DoYourJob #NoGorsuch
John, Republicans stole Garland's seat. You participated in this partisan divide. Own up and fix it, stop pointing fingers.
Abe Fortas was filibustered. Will you somehow carve out a 'bipartisan' exception? If not, then this is not pre-43 status quo.
I wish you would at least be honest and admit you're doing this because you have the power to, and you're terrified of the future.
But you probably don't admit it to yourself, and need to blather disingenuous nonsense in order to be able to sleep at night.
Hey John!  Why doesn't the GOP try working within the rules of the democracy rather than taking steps to erode it?
And never before was a nominee not given a hearing for partisan reasons.
Liar.
Merrick Garland says what?
Bullshit.  Republicans blocked a hearing.  Grow up    Get out.  Let progress take over
Well, we've had something worse: a Prez of the U.S. nominated a Supreme, during his term of office and the Senate refused him a hearing!
Yeah, the GOP just refused to do anything with a #SCOTUS nominee for a year so that they could put their guy in instead...
Frozen trucker case. Autism case. Corp > People. Plagiarism. Stolen seat. Obstruction. Hypocrisy. Things thinking about as your constituent.
No, it's a #StolenSeat and now you seem happy to destroy a vital Senate process that promotes moderation.  #ExtremistThieves
Exactly what part of delayed consideration of SCOTUS nominee by Senate is unconstitutional?
You must think your constituency is a special kind of naive...the obstruction of Garland was just the culmination of 8 years of obstruction
Never before has the GOP refused to investigate a president who in all likelihood colluded with a foreign power to get elected.

Don't allow Nuclear on #SCOTUS get new #SCOTUSnominee someone all can agree on without nuclear someone like #merrick maybe #TheResistance
Never before were the GOP so against the American people, oh wait sorry it has always been that way! My Bad
You know you have no moral high ground on this after refusing to even have a hearing let alone a vote. Not buying your BS whining.
what do you call the blockade of Merrick Garland? abrogation of responsibility? or just shameful partisan bullshit?
Should tell you something @ nom! Plus we had a partisan filibuster last year for 9 months! You could've at LEAST given M. Garland a hearing!
The Democrats are displaying dispicable politics. They are an embarrassment to democracy by making the Senate more polarized
HAHAHAHAHAHA And the GOP didn't polarize anyone by their refusal to consider Garland! Get ur head out of ur Fox/InfoWars fog.....
"Never before" has the GOP so clearly chosen Party over country.
#LastTermCornyn Never before has there been a party of politicians do afraid to meet or speak with their constituents.
Standing by that statement?
#FullRepeal  of obamacare. No fake repeal . Stop socialized medicine bill forced on middle class in form of AHCA
Wrong. https://www.senate.gov/artandhistory/history/minute/Filibuster_Derails_Supreme_Court_Appointment.htm?ftag=MSF0951a18 …
That's an absurd argument.  Once there was a "never before has a man walked on the moon" too.  Don't change the rules!!!!  Don't do it!!!!
GOP Congress must hit HARDER.
@DevinNunes is Strike TWO w bases LOADED.
Lots of "never befores" from today's GOP. Never spent a year hiding from a lawful nominee. Never elected a reality tv star.
Exactly what part of delaying SCOTUS hearing is unconstitutional?
Wearing a clown suit on the senate floor isn't unconstitutional, either...nor is filibustering. That's not the issue.
Neither is choice of Democrat Senator fashion choices. What IS the issue John?
The issue is that this Dem action is a response to something. 6 years of extreme obstruction. Cornyn protests what his party has done.
New York Times disagrees with U John:
"with a precedent-busting partisan blockade of a selection for the high court"
And they said the same thing about the blockade of Garland...which is my point. If you hate others poisoned cake, stop making it yourself.
I can see the Garland thing annoys you. Anything else GOP ='d extreme obstructing?
What the hell are you talking about? You're acting like y'all didn't block Garland.
Because One thing I hate that you do gives me permission to do something you might hate . . . .

#child
And how often has the Senate just refused to hold hearings on a nominee? Asking for your constituents.
Exactly what part of delaying Senate consideration of SCOTUS nominee is unconstitutional?
its not a legal issue thats being argued.  they didnt delay garland they blocked him for partisan reasons.
Because Presidents tend to revoke the nomination when a nominee cannot achieve consensus support. Stop telling half the story.
But this is the now the party of "Alternative Facts". They want what they want and don't care how they get it. #FlipTexas2020
Sure there has. It's been going on for the last 14 months. Seriously bro, do you even law!?!
https://www.senate.gov/artandhistory/history/minute/Filibuster_Derails_Supreme_Court_Appointment.htm?ftag=MSF0951a18 …
"there"
Good catch!
