this is your fault. Own up to it.
Will u please crush the Dems now that u have the #'s! They're down but not out, bows the time! Come on!
Why do health insurance companies continue to suck the American people dry as their CEOs and upper mgmt continue to prosper?
How many "D's" are on the Senate #Trumpcare Committee? 0, but you & Cruz are! Aetna exited b\c of #GOP sabotage! Fix healthcare.
You wonder why D.C. Is called the swamp! the common man know it
Your party has the majority or can you not count?
By the way, thanks for not lifting a finger trying to figure out a way to make it work. Come up with an alternative plan then start jawing.
Lift a finger for that monstrosity ?!
You continuously - and falsely - blame Dems for everything. Insurance co's withdrawing because Rs are trying to tear shizz down just because
SINGLE PAYER IS THE ONLY FIX  take profits out if Healthcare
So the people who desperately needed medical care were finally getting it and that wasn't profitable for Aetna. #tinyviolin
Time for an independent investigation into #TrumpRussia!  Now!  Do not wait any longer.
higher premiums for zero care is not an improvement so yay Democrats for standing up for the people.
As we say inTexas - you are all hat and no cattle.  7 years no solution and a feckless reckless @potus.  Hope you enjoy your last term
You've been a Dog in the Manger since it rolled out the door. Everything you could do to sabotage it you're doing. Despicable.
Then fix it!!! You have control of the HOUSE, the SENATE, and the WHITE HOUSE! You do not need 1 DEM!!
Didn't Rubio kind of wreck the risk corridors, tho? Not like ACA failing on its own, @JohnCornyn
Why don't you tell the whole truth and link to articles exposing real reason Aetna pulled out. GOP has been sabotaging ACA since the start
They are following the GOP's Lead to tank the System. What have you done to help?
Great! Tax break for rich! Caps for lifetime max & removal max out of pocket exp. we need Your insurance that we pay for.
One of the big problems is Aetna's top guy makes 30M. ACA needs work not repeal. You shouldn't give more tax breaks to corps and the top 1%.
It's really simple math...
Not enought profit????
And you know Aetna deliberately claimed Obamacare reason for exit when it was really business merger they were after. Lies that you believe!
Aetna wants y'all to consider Single Payer.
Aren't the Republicans in charge? There is nothing the Dems can do.  Repubs would deny any request they have.
Trump Presidency meltdown continues; Senate Rs won't lift a finger.
Oh Dems won't lift a finger?!  Wonder where they got that idea?  Maybe the last 8 years for congressional Reps?  Hurts doesn't it.
single payor is the only way to join advanced democracies and save billions.texans care for their neighbors
FYI-@JohnCornyn received over $2.4M from health insurance lobby. Don't you dare blame anything but your greed for dead Texans!
Your turn. Fix It without leaving the most vunerable without medical care!
Any meltdown is due to you and your dirtbag cronies working tirelessly to deprive lower income folks of medical coverage.
Well find a new Senator. You go to the FBI and obstruct for Trump.
By lifting a finger, you mean by making it worse?
Sorry ass state republicans preventing the  Medicaid expansion is the problem and u know it John. WTH is wrong with u? Country over party
"All elected officials continuing to support Trump post-Comey should be considered hostile to constitutional democracy."
Lauren Duca
Improve not repeal!  I vote in TX
& what has GOP done? You damn sure made sure your pre-existing conditions were untouched!
Because they merged with Humana!!!!! Tell the facts!
This is on you, @SenateMajLdr & Rs who obstructed ACA every chance you got. #AHCA just cruel. US needs #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #hr676
Dear Senator. Please stop the hypocritical comments. The Repub congress did nothing to help craft the first ACA
7 years of complaining by Rs, with 0 reaching across the aisle. Now Rs have complete control of WH & Congress, but still won't reach across.
Says the crook who owns a cigarette boat bearing the Aetna logo.
Oh please!  GOP could've been cane to prop up healthcare or a rucksack to weigh it down & you have chosen the latter at every turn. #Shame
How is the minority party in a position to make any meaningful change. I mean I know the crushed on the budget but this is quite the ask.
I'm sure O' Care is a contributor
BUT #Insurance & #Pharma have their hands dirty #AETNA lost $250M
2016 Key Ex pay $50M
CEO $19M
#Follow$$$
Quit pointing the finger at the Dems. This is the GOPs trainwreck right from the start. So stop lying about it.
And they're still getting paid for NOT lifting a finger. 
it's like you cut off your nose to spite yourself
Because they're greedy bastards. SINGLE PAYER TIME!
You guys did all this..don't blame others for your actions...its childish
I think the problem is more with the insurance companies than with the Dems.
Maybe you should comment on the warrants being executed in VA right now, John. Is the GOP breaking the law?
You'd think since corporations are now considered people they'd want good healthcare, guess they want to die like 20+ mil Americans
Damn John, you're really learning from the WH! You're almost as smooth at lying as Pence. Practicing your Russian are ya??
2) CBO already stated that ACA has many years of stability left in it. If it crashes, guess what: YOU crashed it. GOP will own the failure.
1) An actual judge (John D. Bates) already called bullshit on that claim.  Aetna is simply throwing a tantrum for not getting its merger.
SICK of your partisan tweets! What are YOU doing to make anything better for Americans.
#WealthCare
are you saying you'd like to pass a law to force Aetna to remain in the ACA insurance marketplaces?
That's the GOPs fault too. You can't put all the damn blame on Dems
OK! So now it's yours. What you GOP have prattled about for years! Solve the f....ing problem! That's your job-at least till 2020#healthcare
How many fingers did you lift in 2009?  Just curious
watch Bloomberg-Aetna interview: aetna says ACA-AHCA problem is congress can't get their bi-partisan s... together
You know, maybe if your party weren't actively trying to destroy it, the ACA would be doing better. You could HELP, not hinder.
Oh sorry, forgot, you don't help Democrats. You only support the party line, regardless of who it screws over. #constituentsarewatching
Aetna cited "uncertainty that has surrounded the future of the exchanges" as part of their reason. That's you and House R's not ACA.
If o care does, it's on you.
You own ACA. The Administration with the support of you and your peers in the majority have done nothing, besides undermine the ACA.
Check your facts as to why Aetna left. Nothing to do with ACA. You have the majority, what are you doing besides spewing partisan BS.
#False -Senate Rs haven't invited Ds to bipartisan reform. You continue to skew reality into fantasy. I continue to grow disappointed w/ you
Have a town hall in Lubbock and I'll tell you what I think about that.  Promise.
Why won't you guys fix what's wrong with the current Healthcare bill? Wait that just might place people before party. #sadamericanpolitics
Aetna was more expensive than BCBS & UnitedHealthcare prior to ACA. If wages don't rise; people choose the cheaper options. #economics101
It's exactly the same principal Terry Pratchett described in 'Men at Arms: The Play', regarding boots:
Your the party in charge. You have been for the last 7 years. And the D's are to blame? Have a town hall and I'll explain it to you. 
Your smoke and mirrors, charades, will no longer work. You are self aggrandizing charlatan. R’s control, as you wanted, do something.
I guess you've forgotten your 7 years of NO action during dozens of attempts at repeal w/no replacement. Alzheimers?  Pre-existing!


Please, senator, the only finger you lifted was the middle finger you gave all Americans with pre-existing conditions and substandard care.
The only meltdown we know of is trump on twitter running scared because he knows he's about to be IMPEACHED and IMPRISONED!! #NOtrumpCARE
Typical Dems. Create mess and give mess to others to clean up.
Snake oil, that is what you are selling. You represent a self aggrandizing culture of old. It’s time to change or move on JC.
You are framing the failure in a way that will allow you to come in and look like a savior.  Simple small adjustments are all you truly need
It’s orchestrated by failing to make small adjustments that would help the plan succeed.
Any Obamacare meltdown is a self fulfilling prefect orchestrated by individuals in Congress you think like you JC.
O-care is far more FIXABLE than Trumpcare is feasible, but Congressional Republicans are far too vengeful to do the OBVIOUS right thing.
Americans are demanding an independent investigation into #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Your glee is offensive
I respect u less w/each Tweet. U need to DO UR JOB for American citizens, not corps, not party, not Russia... US. Remember us? Shame on u.
Your constituents want a single payer system.
Shame on you for kowtowing to thugs.
0 chance any of these GOP Sen's read their threads otherwise they'd b on anti depressants. U SUCK Cornyn!
Do your job.  This is a manufactured meltdown.  Give up on repeal and work with the Democrats to fix it.  We won't go back.  Do your job.
This is YOUR circus, these are YOUR monkeys.
I don't know what you think the Dem's can do, given that you outnumber them and have changed the rules so they have no power.
Why did you not "lift a finger" in 2010?
You love the blame game. It's disgraceful. Your tweets are heading in the same direction as POTUS #TrumpRussia #CountryOverParty #DoYourJob
A truly free market system is the only one that will actually work.
Keep it up too. Im not sure  Texas will be voting purely republican next time. With legislation that poisons and kills and treasonous Potus
Whats worse not lifting a finger for this which U caused w legislation hindering or letting a president erode democracy. U R 1 of the WORST
They're exiting because they don't
Know what the hell the future holds- thanks to Trump- THATS THE ONLY REASON!!!
You need to support an independent investigation- not un-American loose cannon ideals by Trump
Republican sabotaged the plan and like usual f*cked up another thing that helped millions!
Yeah...no..... This ain't about D versus R. Your "we" must win at any cost is truly damaging our nation.
It's melting down because of the actions of the current congress. To act like this is a natural occurring "meltdown" is very misleading
But republicans hold both houses and presidency, why do you need the Democrats to come up with another plan?
@ChrisCoons @batterman_terri @Sen_JoeManchin SenCornyn,Sens Coons&Manchin want 2reach across the aisle 2work on the HC Bill. Can Ufacilitate
Insur up 200% & I never use. D created Ocare all on their own took over 1/5 econ w/o concern for small business. Please repeal this disaster
4th yr & people act like it's the 3rd rail of politics. There's got to be a better way.
There is.  It's called "single payer". We are the only industrialized country without it.  But, that's going to change.
I'm good thx!! It will cost me even more if Govt takes a bigger hand in healthcare, nothing is free or even cheaper when they get involved.
You mean the meltdown forced by the GOP taking the kneecaps out from the system? That meltdown?
Thank You Ms. Christine.  John is too chicken shit to answer questions so I will...Yes that's the only meltdown following Trump cult
Calling it like it is. I appreciate that about you.
Thank you.  Right back at cha girl!  Have an awesome day
Do u job Stop this bipartisan game.We r tired of politician who put party over country and people. Fd a solution to Aetna Its not that difct
Aren't you the committee to fix it?
I DEMAND A SPECIAL INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR INTO THE COLLUSION BETWEEN THE ADMINISTRATION AND AN ENEMY OF THE USA. ANSWER YOUR PHONE!!!
Aetna saying they are loosing money since they were barred from the merger. Investigate. Aetna
You guys don't need dems time to repeal or just vote for house bill. Finish o'care
And for SEVEN years the Senate Rs would not lift a finger to help revise and tweak the ACA to improve it.  This is all on YOU
What do the Russians have on you? #Coward
I consider you to be above average in intelligence, how do you not see sociopathic Capitalism. Aetna's been screwing us for decades. So sad
You mean the company that threatened this if Humana deal wasn't approved?
@goldsteinamy Your of tactics still won't work John. You are looking more foolish by the day.
Look in the mirror to see what that cause is Senator. Tweet about why you place party over people, why you defend a disaster of a POTUS.
Just another example of corporations running the country and exploiting chaos that your party created.
Just to be clear - Republicans OWN the failure of Obamacare & own the CRAP plan you sent to give TRUMP a "WIN" You will need a new job! 
This is being caused by deliberate interference from the White House and lack of support from the Republican administration. Stop that!
Healthcare shouldn't be part of the marketplace. Can't turn a profit caring for chronically ill people, so the market drives them out.
ACA withdrawal by Aetna is with Republican INACTION to help repair the plan. REPEAL is your plan and replace with crap is your platform
I thought the GOP wanted to let ACA continue its "meltdown". Don't pretend you care or whine about the Dems.
Quit being partisan. What did you do to make ACA a viable piece of legislation back in 2009?
I'm sure Trump threatening to sabotage Obamacare hasn't caused any market fears at all 
So does the meltdown of the administrator. What are you doing about that?
Majority of Amer. asking Rs to fix ACA, not cut, but u cant back away from ur wet dream of destroying it & u haven't invited Ds to table
You're an embarrassment John. Stop blaming. Do your job.
Why should they? You seem to have a secret healthcare plan. Besides when you take healthcare away from millions, we won't need insurance co.
You're so disingenuous & ignorant it hurts-We aren't that stupid & it's sad you can't comprehend the basics of insurance-Resign #NoAHCA #ACA
D's aren't supposed to help you destroy what they put in place for the people. What a complete idiotic statement
Would you support @TheDemocrats plan? I don't think so. Why dont you call out insurers for putting profit over people? #singlepayer #FlipTX
what about your solution, pendejo? That's right, you think poor people don't matter and young people are too healthy to need ins
Aetna idoesnt offer quality insurance no way Soo. Good riddance.
Sen Rs are the bad actors in ALL of this. Do NOT pretend differently. Had u worked w Ds yrs ago, people of this country might have GOOD HC!
Edit: Democrats have BEEN trying to fix ACA's shortcomings. Your plan takes insurance away from millions and punishes people with
Pre-existing conditions. Fix the existing system. Repeal isn't a solution.
Fulfilling their threat about their merger being blocked.
You sound so prejudice towards Ds. Everything you tweet is regarding the Ds. Shouldn't you try to build a relationship.
Same Aetna that was just found guilty of lying about why they were leaving the markets? That Aetna?
should i send my bills to your dc office when i'm dropped for my #preexisting condition?
Crocodile tears for Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini who earned $27 mill last year. Open market doesn't means Aetna entitled to be there.
Aetna prolly got a phone call from POTUS asking for favor to be returned later
It didn't die. It was killed. We want single payer
GOP has sabotaged ACA since day one. What are you doing about Trump's collusion with Putin?
- Fix ACA or go single payer! Public mood favors either over amoral tax cut known as AHCA. Time to do what's right for AM ppl
Bet having a woman on your committee would help you figure out how to fix it, since you certainly seem clueless.
Well call them up and tell them your brilliant plan, John. I'm sure they'll stick around once they realize they can charge big $ for PEC
After having lost 2 plans, we now have #Aetna Obamacare has cost my family $$$$ with no healthcare security, terrible plan, can't see doc
Oh, and answer your phones; voicemail full, no staffers available, etc.  Too cowardly to even take a damn phone call, much less a #townhall.
Look, you couldn't wait to blame the Ds for something! Remember when you were party of personal responsibility?
You guys had seven years to craft a better solution or amend ACA.  All you could come up with was a tax cut for the rich.  You suck.
Trump Russia is the serious concern of American people. It's just too bad u think it more important to support such an Admin over people.
R's have drilled holes in it, constantly/consistently forcing insurance companies to run.  No one wants TrumpCare. Trump Russia invest NOW!
GOP did everything they could to destroy ACA, not realizing they're pushing us toward a single payer system. GOP is fighting the wind.
and the Republicans made sure it had issues, none overcomable- Texas did not fully implement either to make it seem worse to Texans- STUPID
For some1 as educated as you and you agree w/every bad, wrong thing 45!does is wrong. Loyalty to him over country is not good. Reelctiom ?
Why does the GOP delight in the suffering of others? If ACA isn't working, then humans are suffering. Why does GOP enjoy that?
Answer the ??? Why? Maybe hold a Town Hall? Tell us why you and your party of saboteurs do not care about their constituents. No lies!
Senator as MWhip, you need to advance a plan; Texans want lower HC costs and less government. Greater access and choice means free markets.
You had 7 years to come up with a http://plan.You  plan is give the 1 precent big tax breaks and kick the rest of us to the crub
GOP has sabotaged ACA in every way it could. U could help fix it by using tools provided, but u won't. Shame!
Fund the insur risk corridors
Fund the insur risk corridors
Fund the insur risk corridors

& force Medicaid expansion in red states
You killed it you own it
Maybe because they care if we live. Hell Obamacare is more popular than you and the presidents rating.
Cheap insurers who professional calculate narrow margins & help clients out + the health care system, are leaving
Obamacare meltdown continues; Senate Ds won't lift a finger: Aetna exiting all ACA insurance marketplaces in 2018 http://wapo.st/2q7eUHz?tid=ss_tw …
Focus on the #trumprussia treason. Healthcare will wait...
That have! You have just talked repeal. What improvement have you suggested
Could it be because the GOP is tanking O-care? Or that your party's "leader" sowed seeds of uncertainty over O-care's demise?
Commit to finding real solutions to healthcare instead of a massive tax cut masquerading as healthcare (AHCA). See how that works.
Do your job and put the American people above partisan politics. Can't wait for #2020 to vote you out, you don't represent the people of TX
Do your job. Senator
R's create uncertainty,so ins co's flee the ACA,then you blame the ACA.Political game will harm Americans, but still you play.
Than GOP should propose a plan that fixes it and does not take away coverage from the people who  desperately need it.

1: Let’s take a moment to compare the Senate process to pass the ACA with the Senate process on Trumpcare, shall we?
You and your GOP cohorts haven't done a damn thing in 8 years to fix issues with the ACA. Stop your LYING! It makes you look like an A**!
