What be you mean Senator?
Laughed out loud on this one. Thank you
Yes!  America still has its best weapon against the craziness of our moment...humor!
Senators talk English good?
Thanks , I needed that laugh.
me too!
He's an embarrassment to Texas.
Indeed!
Sadly a majority of Texas just elected him. We have bought this product for a while. :/
Im sorry for Texas and especially the USA!
I also be free not to buy a yacht, sir.Doesn't mean I don't want or need it. But could I be free to buy the drugs you take to believe this?
You and the GOP leave our Voting Rights alone then we'll be free to decide many things. Especially our Representatives.@realDonaldTrump
But not free enough to have our legislative body leave a product we want alone. But to you that's freedom
I didn't know you had the cohones.   Way to go John, stick to it and don't listen to K Street.  I might even vote for you next time.
Vote him out
I am 61, 20 yrs ago injured at work $1.6M=HCcosts $4Kmo=Meds/PT EB=Saved My Life, PreExistingBan=Saved My Life, NoHC-Caps=Saved My Life @GOP
Americans be free not to buy a heart attack they don't want? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I would like to return my brain tumors...please. I never bought them to begin with, I guess they were gifts? Regardless, return policy???
Im sorry 

Sure. If you all not being able to afford to buy something choice. Dude, how do you sleep at night?
After all, why would anyone want health insurance?
Hey Corny! You may need to diagram this sentence out for folks...
i seriously don't understand this statement at all.  don't drink and tweet, throws the grammar and message off.
Cost and affordability are the issues not your silly "choice" slogan
Sure John, but you can afford the rising cost of h/c insurance when rates go up from uninsured people going to the ER for care. #shameonyou
They cant charge someone else for uninsured in ED. Hospitals are locked in contract prices as are Drs so you can't make money up on insured
The cost is passed on to the insured by higher premiums on their policies.  Go see a doctor.  If you have insurance, you need it.
I treat patient for free daily & in emergency call 24 hours/day. They have no insurance. I don't get paid. How does that raise insurance?
Not to be disrespectful but in what country? If your hospital is owned by doctors that may be true but it would be true for 1% of America
Every hospital I'm on staff at is a 501c3 charity. Catholic Nuns invented the 1st hospitals here FYI. U don't know this subject very well.
The major of hospitals are non-profit & they bear the brunt of uninsured care.  Premiums of insureds have risen thus
@ABC is #fakenews
ah ha.  That's the problem.  You think healthcare is a product.  No, it's a human right. All Americans with human bodies need healthcare.
If I am free to not buy a product..Health Care is NOT a Product, HCI enshrined in BofRights!! Life, Liberty, Pursuit of Happiness=Health
We want it!!  We want it!!
Me tweet good.
Like car insurance?
why don't you try it out first... calling healthcare a product is your mistake right there... #NoBCRA #Tryagain
Well, you would know since you have allowed @BetsyDeVosED and others BUY you.
How about the freedom and desire to buy insurance and being told you have been declined?
What you haven't understood is that it's not a "product" - it's a NECESSITY for every person - even you.
you kinda hit the spot, he wants only the best health care for the rich and witch doctors for the poor, disabled and our elders! Shameful!
And you be stupid great choice eat more crow?
I don't want this --->The Navy’s New $4.4 Billion Ship Is A Big, Shiny Waste Of Money
Thanks, love your humor. So hope you get your own show.
My healthcare was always tied to the employer, I am not free to buy the product that I want.   No understanding at all
Are you willing to apply that same logic to defense spending? #mytaxes
Pre-ACA, I could not choose to be covered. Now I can. Why remove that choice from me? But if you do, admit that "choice" is not your goal.
Was this tweet an actual, honest-to-goodness attempt at rational thought?
and what happens when you cant afford that product? And is #aca a product or a right?
What about car insurance? What happens when I don't want that?  I buy it anyway.
IF Essential Benefits are Repealed, If PreExisting Conditions are NOT Covered, IF HCICaps return, I am Murdered by @GOP. 20yrsHCcosts=$1.6M
Healthcare isn't a "product".
You are an embarrassment to Texas, an already embarrassed state!
What does this even mean? Wow
What's that? Murican?
This is what WILL happen again if Essential Health Benefits are eroded. In Texas, more mothers will die.
3 in 4 non-group health plans didn't cover delivery & inpatient #maternity care before ACA essential benefits rules http://kaiserf.am/2t9Q0sn 
Then I should not have to buy auto insurance. Why don't you lobby for that?
They does?
Nothing to do with a tax break for the wealthy on the backs of poor, disabled and most vulnerable. Disgusting!
'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 
They don't want but when they need we all pay!!! It's called  preventative care for what inevitably we all will be faced with
Americans aren't free to not "buy" Medicare, nor can they choose whom to buy it from.
I no vote for you
Want to find him in Texas this week? Look for the nearest fundraiser.
Well corporations and conservative donors bought you didn't they? A lot of Texans don't want you as a senator.
So they choose bankruptcy, death, or debts applied to those who pay for healthcare/health insurance? That doesn't sound effective.
Supporting Trump is making you dumber.
I can has new senators & @POTUS?
#25thAmendmentNow
@JohnCornyn I want you to fix the ACA. I also want you to speak out on POTUS twitter storm. If you don't you are complicit
Not counting the obese government we're required to pay for of course.
The soft bigotry of low expectations.....
We do not want you either but must pay you too
We must pay your salary every month, lost money also.
.@johncornyn You haven't heard of the requirement to buy insurance if you own a car, Einstein?
I don't have to buy through the market place.   The ACA is more than providing insurance...it is helping keep health care costs down
BullShit! John. That is just pure non sequitur self-justifying BullShit!
Such as auto insurance?
True for food, fast, clothes, or cars. Healthcare not the same! Your decision to not buy Cheerios doesn't affect my access to Wheaties!
Who this be twittering non-sense? Oh...Texas Senator...make sense now.
They should be able to afford healthcare that will actually cover medical costs.
And what about us who bought what we wanted? You have yet to answer that.
ur intern was hammered when they tweeted this
Problem is people who choose not to buy get emergency care that those who have coverage pay for.  Help those wanting insurance instead.
I don't want you...does that mean you will retire?
You stepped in Texas-sized cow pie on this one Tex....If u hadn't been so emasculated by @SallyQYates u might be worth something on return.
are you real?
Oh Corndog.
Senator Sanders will diagnoze those people mental disorders because they are bad 'decision making'.
We be free to vote you out of a job.  You better make sure you can afford health care!
If you mean the Koch brothers, d*mn straight.

Uh ohGOP Sugar Daddies #Koch not happy w/Congress " Koch 'piggy banks' closed til Repubs pass health & tax reform" https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform …
Auto insurance?
You are going to own this mess. Your name will forever be associated with your vicious  wealthcare plan and Trump.
You really are following blindly  after *45...  you make no sense.
What's the return policy on you? Could Texas exchange you for an American product, like @wendydavis ? Could we exchange #Drumpf, too?
I am free to buy a Ferrari- but the dealership never has to decide between bankruptcy- bankrupting me- or letting me die. Just sayin
I think you need to get your money back on your ebonics lesson.
Like car insurance?
Except for car insurance, which is actually beneficial when you get in an accident.
Need or want?  your out of touch with you constituents. Please quit. Your terrible.
Not until our employees (You & 434 others) REPEAL the debacle of Obamacare. The same goes for "old age insurance" - the social security SCAM
I be free to consider you and your buddy Trump to be complete buffoons.
Vote Beto O'Rourke 2018
Heartless and clueless

It's your fault we don't want it. Be BOLD, create the Single Payer System. Wait YOU ARE SLEEPING w/ THE DEVILS INSURANCE & PHARMACEUTICALS!
What product? Health Insurance, sure. But what about Healthcare, a product no American can do without, atleast if they expect to live long.
I will give you one product I don't know if I need anymore, a Federal Govenment.
Trump has posted the vile fake wrestling video on @POTUS. How are you going to explain this to American children. Do something!
Posting this on official POTUS account is complete abuse of power of the office!
With trumpcare it will be a product they can't afford.
Do you have anything to say abt potus inciting violence in this country? U r enablers he has embarrassed the office and the country shame
Unfortunately we have to buy u & ur repubturd colleagues bullshit everyday! Always been party OVER country! #makeamericasickagain #trumpcare
You just proved the point. It all about the bottom line 4 you & GOP. You & your donors are not trying to pass a health bill but a wealthbill
What an embarrassment to Texas. My grandkids will read in history booksabout you're support of a mentally deteriorating traitorous POTUS
You mean Healthcare? It's not a product. It's a basic human right.
I drank another beer and what you tweeted still makes no damn sense.
he's a global problem & a monumental degradation of his position. Guess politicians can be bought-Putin  reap rewards soon
Response Translated in #trickyJohnny 1stGrade Grammar: Americans be free not to die because they cannot afford UNCONTROLLED healthcare costs
I would like to be free of ozone pollution in DFW . It contributes to my asthma, migraines, allergies, & likely my daughters autism.
Then you should move out of country, because @JohnCornyn has his lips sucked up tight against petrochemical ass. He won't help you.
Or not b able to buy it at all because of cost.  Your fooling no 1. Tax breaks for the rich.  Don't lie.Represent the people not your party
Here's a novel idea. Reign in the Pharmaceutical  industry and hospitals.
Uhh you realize you get 140 characters here right Johnny? Good grief. Embarrassed for ya'.
Says the man who be getting the free product off mine taxpayer dimes.
Trump is a disgrace to our country. How can anyone respect this clown-thug? What is your responsibility to the US?
We don't want mentally ill Trump. We want affordable healthcare & no tax cuts for your #DarkMoney donors
This be a sentence?
Me James. You senator. Healthcare not good. Not like house. Not like car. No choice. Very expensive. Need insurance. Help ACA? No trump.
Wow, seriously! Are you following your party leader and tanking the English language?! I was hoping the rest of @GOP WOULD try to elevate us
Then where's the outrage over mandatory auto ins.? Individual mandate was product of GOP think tanks, now convenient scapegoat.
I wasn't the only one that didn't want this ---> The secretary of defense doesn't want it.
Thanks for shoving Trump down everybody's throat and Russia too talk about a product with no returns! Never do business with Texas GOP!
I don't want this ---> the F-35 a Trillion-Dollar Mistake?
You, in your bubble of privilege and comfort, are completely clueless to the struggles & concerns of the average American. Shame on you.
"Be free", you be spending to much time in the hood.  Try standard English: reach up, not down. 
If I don't buy my hormone replacement, I will die in 4 to 6 weeks. Buy this or die sure doesn't feel like freedom.
Build down there like you ain't got no damn sense!
Let fucking Texas pay for the damn wall like I said I GOT NO BORDERS!!!!!!! Pay for all every bit of your damn flooding problems too!!!
My cousin with stage 3 cancer will be free not to buy health insurance she cannot afford. Is that what you mean @JohnCornyn ?
Americans be free John, that's right. You got that right.
so this is supposed to be your justification for robbing 22 million of insurance in order to pay for a tax cut for the wealthy?
Don't want anymore of that NASA research who needs it got effing Alex Jones he knows what's up.
Let's hire mercenaries when we need them how bout that ..let's spy on each other! Schools...teach my own damn kids.
Screw A Bunch Of Justice System I Can Hire MY Own DAMN Lawyer epresent myself! BILKI G ME For All I got with this mandatory government shit.
From the looks of polling no one wants to buy you're Wealthcare product.
Your
Americans be free to use a service they already pay for? I want to go to the moon! @RogueNASA
Americans be free to use a service they already pay for? I want Medicare early!
Yeah and nosy air traffic controllers -get rid of em bring the cost of flying down.
Oh yeah...No More Nosy Food Inspectors. ..and why do i have to pay for border guards I ain't got no dam border
If you are referring to healthcare, oh Americans want it republicans just make it so they cant afford it, thats not freedom you POS
Yeah like sanitary waste lines!
Can we make car insurance optional now? I really don't want to buy it, I'm a good driver!
I sincerely hope English is not your first or second language John.
They certainly want that product a whole lot more than what y'all are selling...
You mean like health insurance they can't afford?
That's right. If the label says milk, we should know it's milk. If the label says "insurance", we can define what that means.
beyond STUPID comment, sentiment also STUPID! Mandate part of GOP free mkt plan. We need public option then Medicare 4 all.
Again what about kids, the elderly and the poor?
What's with the BVE, John?
And: Be happy when you get coverage that is useless to you!
You sure are quick to sell out Texans!
I CAN HAZ INSURANCE?
Betsy, is that you?
They don't WANT it until they NEED it then they DEMAND it, as in showing up 4 some FREE care in my ER.  I give u the $20.00 bandaid!
What?
#FakeSenator
You make no sense, but I'm not surprised since you are a promoting a healthcare bill that makes no sense either.
Don't they want Americans to buy a product - not be free?
Say what?!?!!
Do they be free to properly English too?
I be confused.
What are you talking about?
"Be" isn't a verb John
What the ???

These people are unclear on the concept of insurance. https://twitter.com/citizencohn/status/881514325210537985 …
Not at the present time. #RepealAndReplace
This Texans how talking¿
Insurance companies have ripped people off for centuries. NO BUYOUT for insurance companies.
Full sentence needed, please.
Hey, there's an app, Duolingo, that'll help you improve your English.  Dunno if they have asshole to English yet though.  Good luck.
How about a comment on what the president posted today so ur constituents know where u stand.
So you're against car insurance?
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @SenTedCruz @RandPaul killing these guys that a policy put in place by a Black man is still in place
What's the US return policy? #25thAmendmentNOW
Me talk good too mama?
Which of your social interns typed this mess?
And should have the opp. to buy at a reasonable price; And we should b more concerned w/ supporting our aging pop. over the wealthiest.
Try that with your mortgage company. Just tell them u don't want homeowner's insurance or mortgage insurance. See if you get that loan.
What did you mean to say?
Covfefe!
I want a refund!!!
Not sure this is even the English language - perhaps some education is needed?
If your child is dying of thirst, do you ask how much the water is? That's why people's health-and healthcare by extension-is not a product.
What ???
Right! I should be free not to pay taxes for things I disagree with! Wait...
well, since POTUS doesn't pay Taxes why should anyone else?
You & your party are complicit, colluding criminals just like trump, lining your pockets at our expense.
in advance Russia hacked the American election!
to take away our voting rights and all of our democratic rights to be http://exact.You  refused to have him investigated knowing
Agree and we do NOT want shite McConnelCare nor do we want TrumpCare nor CorynCare !
So now your  blaming Americans for this! No Sir! Your attempt to deflect the blame is ALL on YOU & complicit GOP who R eagerly working
Me talk pretty one day, but your wealthcare plan will never be attractive.
No one wants to buy car insurance.. Thanks for giving me permission to cancel. My choice.. @GOP making America stupid!
Senator maybe I don't want airbags, seat belts, safety belts, car insurance, fishing license, but I have 2 because it's the law. #Retire
We all need health insurance.
We need a recall on this defective Senator.  He was supposed to work for us.
What?
Congressmen not free to buy the same healthcare as their constituants? Because why would you vote to be exempt from it? Be free!
Then support total repeal and give us the same free market choices you have! You are my employee!
When will you be coming out against car insurance Senator?
Where do we return you at then?
EVERY American wants HC. HC sector is NOT governed by supply/demand rules. Profiteering in the sector rampant. And you would make it worse.
Cornyn: me no talk English good
