Gross.
No.
You all act like children; children who have never had a tired cantankerous child yourself. #Sad
You're now blocked.
how the hell am I supposed to get nightmare out of my head ???
and 's porn
More like a bugger
WHOOPEE ! GREAT NEWS ITEM .HIS MOTTO IS" HAVE I SCREWED THE PUBLIC TODAY ,".
Maybe you should become a producer of voter wishes
Just white rich privileged men helping the rich & manipulating ignorant voters into thinking they are going to make their lives better!
Gross.
Gross. He is not a good person.
I love th trolling of him... #awesome
Ugh
Lyin' Ted. Huggin' Ted. I can't keep track.
U forgot porno Ted
Hilarious. 

My ACA premiums are fair and my plan works beautifully. Do the work to make everyone's ACA work like mine.
Ditto. My son, who lives in Lubbock, has ACA and it is wonderful.
It's shameful how they lie about it and are trying to sabotage it, rip it away from us and replace it with crap-to pay their rich donors.
Good to know, but I’d rather know WHY U support #GrahamCassidyBill? As your constituent I’d love to hear directly from U about it! #Townhall

I think you meant "bugger"!
You're not cute John. And you're not funny
ew gross.
Both GOP senators from Texas are frauds. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.
Please hug Puerto Rico.

Hey everybody, Senator Ted Cruz likes porn. Did you know that? Did you know that Senator Ted Cruz really likes porn? I mean a lot of porn.
glad you have time for jokes. Meanwhile I haven't been able to afford insurance for 5 yrs. This Trump Texan will campaign against you jerks
And your a #RiNO who needs to get out
And, yet he is willing to take health insurance from tens of millions of the most vulnerable in our society: children,elderly and disabled.
WTF are you talking about? Get your Fuhrer under control. Enough is enough!!
Eww
Eeeeewwwwwww
Ewww. 
I just lost my lunch.
He's also a jerker 
Oooh, Lyin' Ted.. maybe his tastes in porn are eclectic.
Did not see that coming. Assumed him to be a cold handshake kinda guy.
Ewww....
Why don't y'all hug out some obamacare REPEAL/REPLACE
He also likes porn
gross
And you're both still avoiding meeting with your constituents. Sad!
Go and donate to @BetoORourke to help him get #TuggingTed #OutIn2018
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/09/former-navy-sailor-saucier-unfair-jailed-hillary-clinton-walks-free-video/ …
Let's find that baker and get y'all a cake
SCOOP:  You're both done. #TexasSenatorsLastTerm
Ted Cruz is feeling election heat so now has to pretend to have a soul.  Or is this tied into one of his porn fantasies?  Hmnm
Porn hugs
Gross. Who’d want to be touched by a six foot stack of slime?
Ewwwww!
#BetoForTexas 2018
SCOOP: @JohnCornyn is an embarrassment.
lol

Gross

You guys are not funny. You say TX doesn't want WALL.,no vote Kates law,No BUDGET, no tax/ healtcare REFORM,  massive debt. NEVER WORK, 
You don't care about America, you're against Trump! I hope the only Republicans voted out in 2018 are the ones that voted against INS reform

Fresh from watching porn backstage!
Then you'll be wonderful together cause you do goo-goo eyes like nobody's business!
Ew
Why do you want to harm children?  #GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
Hopefully he'll be former senator rafael eduardo cruz soon.
He needs more friends


Any staff issues?
Apparently he enjoys porn too
Seriously, stop. This is not funny, it's gross.
Oh...and vote no on this crap #Deathcare Bill
Thanks!
#TXVoter
