Based on your performance today, are we to assume you're receiving Russian money through a PAC? Because you're defending the indefensible.
Ha! Ha! Ha! There, 3 deep breaths. Now. We fire anyone to tries to strip healthcare from the Proud People of the United States of America.
John, I'd have had a lot more faith in that statement, b\c ya usually seem more sane than @tedcruz, bef. your performance today.
If they take us back to unaffordable insurance with less coverage the GOP will pay a huge price. They know this
Question is will their ideological obsession rule and cause them 2 commit political suicide? We hope reason wins
Another bafflingly question is why in the world the GOP will NOT listen to all major medical provider groups?
And millions will either lose their coverage from the cost, pre ex. Conditions, or lack of insurers!
LOL, yessir, we'll just go lie down and die while you give away our health care protections to keep your $$$ from insurance industry flowing
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
That's what you always say right before you screw the poor. I thought only Trump could fix it. You are all liars.We have no faith in the GOP
By get it done, I hope you mean universal coverage.
don't tell the American people to calm down when you are trying to take away out health care! #Obamacare is the reason my mom has insurance
given that half the scientists overseeing EPAs work were fired, that's not comforting at all.
I will be "enormously disappointed" if you pass this bill as is. I am a Texas VOTER w/pre-existing, life threatening condition, nd a senior!
well this has changed my mind
@JohnCornyn can I get an official recording of @SallyQYates completely destroying you? So classic. #SallyYateIsAPatriot
You getting it done means 24 million lose healthcare. How is that a goal for the Texans you represent?
Amen to that!
#TeamTreason #RussiaGOP #trumprussia
That's exactly what Texans and the rest of America are afraid of, Senator Cornyn!
WE DON'T TRUST YOU!!!
GOP is showing what they can do, nothing. Vote them out next election!
sure, I as a female who worked as a volunteer on Bush, will trust you? You're going to help me? Just in case
This from a man who just brought up the muslim ban at a hearing on Russian interference of 2016 election. Good ol' Cornyn.
With a panel of all-white, all-male Senators. Guaranteed groupthink.
In other words, "don't worry, you'll lose your healthcare soon enough"
Hard for them to take a breath if they've got #asthma or #bronchitis or #lungcancer that they can't afford to treat (no thanks to you)
"I would tell people to take a breath and let the Senate do it's job. We're gonna get it dumb."
don took his Muslim Immigration Stmt down from his website today-still shows in the google bar.  he had better not flip-flop on our health
Yeah, republicans "getting the job done" IS the worry. They like to take $800 billion from the poor to give $700billion to the rich.
I grew up rich, top 10% of the 1980s and the idea of this is so vulgar and tacky it's embarrassing. To do this goes beyond description.
It's basically a theft, the biggest theft ever.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
The ppl don't trust GOP & YOU John!Everything this admin. wants to do hurts ALL except for the lucky 5% of top earners. Remove @JohnCornyn !
Do you have no shame?
The senate is also supposed to #listen To their constituents. When's @JohnCornyn going to hold a #TownHall
Please master the apostrophe on the way.

It's your job to protect us from your House colleagues. We need community rating.
Me on @JohnCornyn: "I tell people to take a breath and let the resistance do it's job. We're gonna get him out at the end of his term."
No need to be so disdainful of your constituents.  We are not stupid.
And by get it done they mean tax credits for the rich.  Oh and Sally Yates burned you bad. Is that a preexisting condition?
That's what we are worried about, what the Senate will do. Why should we think it will be better than the House's version?
Bullshit.  Cornyn and his cronies are doing their best to deflect and cover up.
It comes down to integrity and competence ... and as you demonstrated at the Yates hearing, you have neither.

Lets just hope we can still have voting rights by then.  And if we do, then lets hope the votes aren't rigged anyway.
Based on your performance today..i doubt it..
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer!  Let's get this done!
Socialized medicine.. gets very mixed reviews..
I hear you JC, and understood.
Do taxpayers still get to fund Congress' free health care when they can't afford their own?
Nobody buys this. Literally nobody. Put it down and back away from the Obamacare.
You're clueless with how this all works, huh?
Except you have no women on your committee. You're missing representation from HALF the country when deciding the fate of their healthcare
All male Senate panel working on new bill. Doesn't seem like a problem does it?
I sure as hell don't trust this tool!
You did not win the lottery when Russia elected an idiot
Putin elects an idiot & @gop acts like it won the lottery & goes on a spending, killing spree like common criminals https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/861254691568492544 …
And we should trust you because...?
I want you to retweet Mr. Mattingly's tweet just prior to this one.
I thought the inquiry would delve into the Russian hacking, bots into our democracy.  Line of questioning, irrelevant .
You can condescend to women (#SallyYates), but can't engage them as equals. NONE working on this disastrous bill. We're not buyin' it. #next
But Senator, the problem is that we want it done right.
AARP IS AGAINST IT
Old White Men? Seriously?No thanks
So you are going to totally repeal it?
Ah, yes. Another "great"  day of questions from the senator from TX.  She OWNED you . Once again, you embarrass the people you won't face.
>retweeting your own quote.
..this from a man who has so little regard that he snapped a photo & Tweeted it from his committee seat DURING the hearing #SallyYates
He needs to be voted out!!
I have great faith in someone who can't spell creating a health care bill. Its job, not it's job.
Yeah everyone hold your breath...and then holding your breath will be considered a pre-existing condition...
We are in trouble. I don't know who's worst lying ted or John. Ugh
You can't take a breath if you're asthmatic & unable to afford an inhaler because your #preexistingcondition isn't covered by insurance.
Did you thank Senator Durbin for handing you your butt. Never seen anyone get owned so badly until...Ted Cruz steps into the fray
It was a series of "Hold my beer" moments of sheer stupidity!
That, sir, is what concerns us. Your definition of success in this matter does not correspond with ours.
Like he did in the Yates Clapper hearing? I don't know who sounded more ignorant, him or Cruz.  Texas is on fire today due to the burns.  
since when did the senate do its job?
The Senate is no more trustworthy than the House. They had 7 years to craft a replacement plan where is it?
No the #resistance will get it done in #2018 we have no problem putting country over party R.I.P GOP!!
back on healthcare? we constituents are still seething abt your off-topic ?'s w/@SallyQYates #investigatetrump #IndependentInvestigation
Crooked Cornyn
He needs healthcare for the multiple burns he received courtesy of Sally Yates.
And I would tell  @JohnCornyn I don't trust you b/c your shit at your job.
Just like he "got it done" today making a partisan ass of himself in the Yates/Clapper hearing? Sorry if I don't sound convinced.
He thinks citizens shouldn't participate in the democratic process until after the bills are passed. Seriously.
Or, more accurately, non-Republicans should just shut up and go away.
Good... just don't take forever! It needs to happen ASAP...what else do u have to do that's more important.
"Taking a breath" is a pre-existing condition.
So is he saying house bill was just some sort of cruel joke? Senate will submit a bill that has some level of compassion for other than rich
We will see. Seems unlikely. Will you wait until after midterms?
Yes, we look forward to you handling it just like you handled Sally Yates. She just owned you, sir.
