Watching the hearing, completely ashamed that you are my senator. You sound complicit and scared. What are YOU hiding? Hmm??
OH. THIS. "ExxonMobil is working with Vladimir Putin on a 1-2 trillion dollar deal. John Cornyn largest donor is ExxonMobil"
I'd believe it, but where did you get that information?
The Google.Lots of sites to pick from.
What an embarrassment you were in your unprofessional questions to Sally Yates.  You're supposed to be investigating the Russians and Trump.
Your behavior at the hearing was disgraceful. But you could redeem yourself by demanding a special prosecutor for the Russia investigation.
Stay on task. The focus is treason. NOT the leaks.

Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
You asked ZERO questions about Russian interference. I'll take that to mean you're not concerned.
Transparency takes on a whole new meaning in the age of Trump. We can see what the GOP is all about and it is not Making America Great
In 2015, Cornyn strengthened the FOIA b/c and issued a statement that "An open and transparent government is paramount to a healthy
democracy, and today’s vote sends a clear message that the American people have a fundamental right to know what their government is doing."
Guess he's changed his mind.
You snapped this photo & Tweeted it from your committee seat during the hearing. Why the fuck are you even there? #SallyYates #RussiaGate
One thing clear, Cornyn didn't care even a little bit about Russian interference in US elections and governmental affairs.
Not in the least.
All Cruz and Cornyn achieved is showing that Yates repeatedly and correctly stood up to an unpopular president and got her way in the end.
be sure to read the transcript so u can learn something
Yates was a Witness, not a defendant. This was about Russia, not Clinton.  You are a joke of a Senator.
You couldn't even ask Russia related questions and yet you took the time to take this picture?! You are a joke! Your agenda is NOT for TX!
You're grasping at straws and you look foolish. You have met your match in #SallyYates. No distraction or diversion now. It's over #Impeach
I see you didn't post your exchange with Yates on FB or TW. That's OK, you can find it here: http://www.cornyngotbitchslapped.com  #sallyyates
You came off really foolish, sir.
the hearing has been underway for 20 minutes. you posted this about 2 minutes ago. I assume by now you are ordering groceries via Instacart
Susan Yates schooled you yesterday! So "sad" that you are not better informed about what the justice department is supposed to do.
Really enjoyed watching you get schooled by @SallyQYates. Thx, that was great! Maybe throw in a Q or 2 about high ranking traitors nxt time?
After hearing your BS today, I cannot wait until you're up for re-election. I will do everything I can to help your opponent!
good job proving my point that you really don't care about the Russia investigations. Way to look like a fool.
he still doesn't care.  Just a presidential ass-licker.
You're @Instagram'ing the demise of your party, the precursor to @POTUS' #Impeachment proceedings live, as it is happening. How #KimK of you
Best senate hearing EVER! You got schooled - by a girl!!!
How's your clock this morning, Senator? Nice and clean?
Still looking for a representative will put truth and Justice above Shameless partisan politics. You are not it
Your attempt to school Yates was #shameful. You are contributing to the #POTUSQuagmire #TwistedTrumpster  #2020GOPOuster #VintageRepublican
Do your job, Senator. Don't be a Trump defender. Constitution fist, party second. Godspeed.
They are doing their part to help launch her political career, should she want one.
Taking a photo at an important hearing. Unprofessional. I'm ashamed of you.
.@JohnCornyn What the hell are doing regarding the EO?  Distraction much!? You are sooo obvious trying to discredit her!  Shame on you!
Her timeline from disclosure of Flynn info to being fired is quite Alarming. #YatesHearing
Yep, & Much of what has happened since, and before, Jan 20 regarding trump and associates/family is alarming
Yup and Yates wiped the floor with you
Start acting as American & not Trumps/Putin's toilet carrier you sr are disgrace, Your constituates deserve better & not a traitor.
America is disappointed that you mischaracterized the role & actions of #SallyYates & care nothing for the sanctity of our elections.
- Shall I buy one & ship it to your D.C. Office?
Sally Yates made you all look unprepared and foolish
Yet, you focused on questions unrelated to the topic of Russia. #wasteoftime
During questioning you came across as an angry, entitled male whose unwanted sexual advances were rebuffed by a woman far out of your league
You and your colleague @tedcruz are both chumps. Disgraces to Texas.
Damn Sally Yates just kicked your ass.
#AnswerThePhone, Feckless John. Stop hiding from constituents. #TownHall #Impeach45 #TheResistance
Did you ask any questions related to Russia?
What does Trump have on you to make u put "party" before country? You need to take a look at why U support and defend a proven #LiarInChief
@POTUS @VP @GOP @WhiteHouse @Cabinet @StateDept @USAGSessions @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @Reince 
#TeamTreason #trumprussia #RussiaGOP
--- "B-b-b-but I meant would you refuse Obama's illegal orders, not Trump's!"
Stop trying to be a celebrity - do your job. You work for me.
John, your conduct at the Yates hearing was BLATANT OBSTRUCTION. Look in the mirror, ask yourself, what would a Patriot do? #trumprussia
Wherein Sally Yates schools senators yet again...
Jesus man, did you take a picture with your phone to show you're there?? What are you 12??
"So just to clarify Sally we only wanted you to say no to the POTUS w the D behind his name" - Sen. John Cornyn
Boy that Sally Yates...she's one smart cookie huh?
Sally Yates made you look like a fool.
Why did you leave before it was over?
And what questions did you ask about Russia? Zero.  You looked foolish.

My favorite part is where he doesn't get W's analogy about "hiding in corners" lmao 
Trump: "I don't stand by anything." President Trump's interview in the Oval Office: Full Transcript

Comey says Russia is still involved in American politics; Russia is “the greatest threat of any nation on Earth” to our democratic process 

LEAHY: Does it serve any purpose for Trump to second guess Russia's involvement?

CLAPPER: You could rationalize it helps the Russians. 

Q: Trump just said again that the hacking could have been China or someone else…

Comey: It was Russia. 

"[Russians] must be congratulating themselves for having exceeded their wildest expectations" in US election-related hacking - Clapper

Sen. Lindsey Graham, the chair, remains the only Republican still present at this hearing
And you decide to focus on Yates position on the Muslim ban rather then the Russian mess. Disgraceful and a betrayal to our democracy
The disappointment is with you not Yates. She did her job. America before party. Your lack of integrity with Yates was BIG. #SallyYates
You got a well-deserved ass kicking. The tea party's over Senator—Didn't anyone tell you? Do your constits a favor: Resign then self deport!
what the effffff was that, @JohnCornyn ? That was absolutely shameful behavior on your part and #SallyYates mopped the floor with you
You were so damn rude and indignant to @SallyQYates. She made you look like a fool. Enjoy your last term.
Hearing your questions today makes me think: Are you  a T.R.A.I.T.O.R. as well? GOP has become a teenage school yard gang.
It's clear now that Sen Cornyn, @tedcruz and many of their colleagues are not taking this inv seriously. We need a special select committee.
Call their offices at 202-224-2934 (Cornyn) and 202-224-5922 (Cruz) to tell them you want a separate investigation by special select cmt.
integrity, look it up. Sally Yates is a hero, you're the disappointment
#SallyYatesAPatriot
What happened to questions about #TrumpRussiaCollusion are you just another #Putinpuppet #VoteThemOut

We must have been watching two different hearings.
#SallyYates whooped your ass.
#TrumpRussia
#MarchForTruth 
You looked bad. Keep playing these games that will have the Dems back in power. Thanks
You tried your best to protect Trump and his minions by trying to corner @SallyQYates , she bit&h slapped you. Put USA over partisanship!
Too bad you didn't want to know anything about Russia. Is that because you already know and don't want voters to know?
With at least 17 photographers, you needed to take your own. You really are a small, pathetic, party before country hack. Sink with Trump.
Sally Yates!  You go girl. Told you right from wrong!
Good thing the Senate kept the best parts of the ACA for themselves, @JohnCornyn needs treatment for the wicked burn Sally Yates laid on him
SHAME on you sir. Trump administration is compromised. Covering it up is not the way out. " die by way of their own mouth" remember that.
Wow, you got your ass handed to you by a woman you were condescending to. That's gotta extra-specially painful.
Why bring up tRumps illegal #EO?  Not what the subcommittee was called for.  You need to worry more about #RussianInterference
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
#SallyYates told the truth in your face
Standing up for unconstitutional exec orders only shows how impartial the DOJ is yet this is more important than Russia influencing elec!
We're going to let you take that home with you.
Were @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz @SenJohnKennedy not briefed on the topic of yesterday's hearing? All got owned by #SallyYatesIsAPatriot
Their ass' were well & truly kicked while getting schooled in the constitution by a patriot. Then they ran from the room SAD @GOP
You were owned by a woman today.  #SallyYatesIsAHero #YoureComplicit #Traitor
You performed like shit today. Maybe tomorrow will be better. Probably not though.
Although fairly new to TX, I am embarrassed to know that you represent us. It seems to me that you've been on the wrong side too often.
I have to tell you, I find YOU John, enormously disappointing; that you've chose subversion and criminality over truth. #YatesIsAPatriot
Yeah um, I watched you question Yates and I'll pose the same question to you I posed to @tedcruz Are you on crack or are you just crack-ish?
You sure showed your ass on that one. Trying to delay the treason hearings is only putting your own head in a noose, John.
You got served sir.  #sallygotyourtongue
I find YOU enormously disappointing and a HUGE hypocrite. You have served beyond your effectiveness and usefulness. @CNNPolitics @CNN
John, I was pulling for you, but this was not a proud day for TX. Perhaps you could get some #GOP "adulting" tips from @SenSasse.
Great to see a bag filled with hammers representing the great State of Texas.
Boom! You tried to bully her and she put you in your place!
You were too busy playing partisan politics to actually ask about the topic at hand.  Btw, no true Texas gentleman interrupts a woman! Smdh
I ask from the bottom of my heart that you act as an #American and not as a #GOP
“Yeah but when I asked if you would oppose executive orders that you thought were unlawful - that only applied to Obama”
Did you go home and tell your whole family what it felt like to get Yatesed? 'Cause she cleaned your clock. #UNLAWFUL #PartisanHack
Wow!  Epic fail, eh?  You and Cruz looked like idiots.  (No offense to idiots intended.) 
Flynn/DT/Russia=existential threat to our republic
You are an absolute embarrassment to your TX constituents!! You are complicit in the #trumprussia scandal! Shame on you!
1 might not know the topic is #flynn #russiagate #russia & Russian involvement in election cause U forgot. #sallyIsAPatriot
good thing #SallyYates is handling business & chose COUNTRY over politics cause U aren't! #Russiagate #SallyYatesTestimony
It's time for an independent investigation. It's clear u r more focused on leaks & Muslim travel ban.
U seem 2 have 4gotten that u represent Texas & US citizens, NOT ur big donor Exxon.Im ashamed at u being fine w/treason, interference
My dear senator, as a Texan, I want to reach out and wish you in speedy recovery from being burned by Yates at the hearing.
MADE A COMPLETE FOOL OF THE WONDERFUL CITIZENS OF TEXAS, SHOULD PACK UP TO GO HOME YOU WILL BE FIRED
Have u gotten so old that u 4got the purpose of 2days hearing?It was about Flynn not abt #muslimban.U look the other way due 2Exxon=ur big $
Horrid job 2day by u picking party over country;u should b ashamed!Cant wait 2 work 2 get u out of office! Ur actions r working 2 conspiracy
Senator, you've been so quiet. Being the object of national ridicule not to your liking? You & Cruz are all over news & not in a good way.
I paused @StephenAtHome to see your photo of you name tag? @jenmaler @JoshChapinKHOU
You and Ted Cruz are a disgrace to Texas and a disgrace to the USA.  Your questions are a distraction from the real issue and for WHAT?  To
What does trump have to hide? Why is this a mystery to him? Open the doors & let us talk to his staff. It's not fake news and he knows it.
Proud of Sally Yates & listening 2 u today, it's important 2 our democracy we have an Independent Commission. Trust u no longer.
Clapper: "to me the transcendent issue here is Russian interference in  our elections," calls unmasking & other issues "ancillary"
Not to John. He's all focused on minutia. And damn Sally handled his shaky ass didn't she?  Embarrassing.
Pretty alarming when you have something so monumental and you have these @GOP actions. @ChuckGrassley called it 'shenanigans' WTF?
Ms. Yates was doing her job and did it well...
You're pretty worthless, senator. Shame on you.
Why doesn't trump just clear this up & have his staff testify?  Why did it take a WPost article for trump to fire Flynn?
The story today was the unfolding Russian disaster for Trump & company. Not the travel ban as you tried to imply.  You're an embarrassment.
Unlike u, Yates patriotic, 4 the people, knows constitution, loyal 2 country, dignified in her speech & actions with truth.
Yates  Cornyn: I did exactly what you told me you expected of me when you voted for me in this role. #CornynGotSonned
Are your eye brows singed old man because Sally Yates scorched you
you were an absolute joke today senator, and revealed yourself as a trump tool with no interest in investigating this act of war by russia.
You looked like an ass today!
How dare you try to impugn the professionalism of a 27 year veteran of the State department for Trump. Have you no shame?
America is watching you defend treason. Shame.
We need Bipartisan Select Committee ASAP to investigate Trump-Russian collusion. Every word from your mouth is to shield Trump.
Great to see that Sally Yates made you look silly today along with Ted Cruz.  You partisan hacks are just downright embarrassing to America!
Aren't you ashamed of yourself for expecting an AG to put POLITICS before the LAW?! You've completely besmirched the US Constitution today!
Get a hearing aid....she quite clearly said unlawful.
I see you didn't have the stones to come back after she dressed you down on your hypocrisy. Big John indeed, laughable.
Sally Yates did her job honorably and truthfully and put the good of the country ahead of all else. You might try that yourself sometime.
She schooled you.  Your smug questions were on the Muslim Ban.  You two were Beavis & Butt-Head @tedcruz today.
If it was about Russia, why in the hell were you commenting and asking about the travel ban? 2 federal courts backed her decision.  #douche
#SallyYatesIsAPatriot #TrumpRussiaCollusion what are you hiding?
Welp, you got owned today.  Protip: don't disparage someone for doing exactly what you asked them to do in their confirmation.
self-important much with your lame pic?  Too bad you looked like a fool with your tired old repub playbook line of questioning
I am a shame as American to know that u don't care about corruption when it has a Republican title on it.  You do not believe in justice.
Too bad that you don't know how to stay on topic.
How pathetic taking pictures like a teenager. Act like an adult.
Awesome to see you insist that the DoJ be stooge for Preaident, as long as President is from a one party. Hooray for no ethical mooring!
How did that fare for you?
Shame on you.
Try to do the right thing. You don't have to be #45's stooge!  Put America ahead of the GOP.
you embarrassed yourself and Texas today.
Maybe you should actually try doing your OWN job sometime and, you know, like, actually represent Texans who aren't just rich old white guys
Why did you leave early?
Hey awesome job today, embarrassing yourself and our entire state (again) while failing to discredit #SallyYates today for DOING HER JOB
You really embarrassed yourself today at the hearing! I hope you reflect on today and remember you work for the American people.

Congrats John! U looked like a real Texas ass hat today questioning Sally Yates on irrelvant information in your quest to deflect attention!

This Republican Party would have destroyed the tapes for Nixon.
You looked like a damn fool today! Bwahahaha, we ALL see right through you!

.@RepJoeKennedy calls out members of Congress who are blocking investigations into #TrumpRussia. Find your rep at http://trumptruthhiders.com  
Are YOU a Russian operative, too?
Your performance was disgraceful.
How does it feel to be called out as a complete hypocrite for the whole world to see? How easy it must be to have such flexible principles.
You're an old, inarticulate fool, ignorant of the law, negligent of your duties to the great state of Texas and to the Constitution. Resign.

You're a complete embarrassment to the US Senate.Have some decency and resign!
Worried about your Putin Exxon Mobile donations? You're a traitor too. Enjoy your upcoming retirement. #TrumpRussia
You & @tedcruz are ALL about deflection. Y'all don't seem to care that Russia has hijacked our democracy. Y'all are brats.
You had one job to do. Discredit Sally Yates. You failed miserably.
Your performance at this hearing was shameful. You confirmed an ethical AG and then got pissed because she actually IS ethical.
