The solution is the National Guard, martial law, and curfews.
So you hate the #Constitution?
Far from It. I've studied it extensively. However, Chicago chaos can be subjected to the emergency posse comitatus act.
and it's unconstitutional...
No it is not. Anything passed by Congress is ipso facto constitutional.
And they are traitors...
Who are we referring to?
Congress...
Solution is send in 1000 Nat'l Guard for a few months. No curfew. More presence of Law usually does the trick.
Yes... #MartialLaw is the solution. (eye roll)
Its at least a solution. And its only more Law presence. Who in their right mind would argue that over dodging bullets
B.S. That's why the #2ndAmendment was written into the Declaration of Independence. SELF protection
Best bone up on your History b4 comin 2 this discussion. 2nd Amend is in US Const. Ill. Gov can call Natl Guard at will
Excuse me... what is the #2ndAmendment & where's it located?
I told U read it. BTW Chi town has very strict gun control Laws and the ones firing here there are ilegal owners of guns
I have. I also have Founding Father in my family who signed the Declaration of Independence.
"TRUMP SLAMS 'GODFATHER' OVER MURDER RATE"
Maybe Trump should spend more time solving American issues rather than tweeting his brains out. This isn't reality TV.
Hmmm. You are aware that Trump is NOT the president yet? But you never asked Obama about his failure past 8 years?
lots of successes with the Obama administration. Trump gets to build on Pres. Obama's success.
LOL. Is that everything is getting repealed?
Can't wait for Trump voters to lose their healthcare.  Let's see how smug you'll be then.
Most of us have it through our employer. You should have an employer!
- Yes, some of us are employed. Can't wait for the Trump voters to lose their insurance when the repeal happens. SMH
punish the law breakers especially those breaking gun ownership laws. Enforce these laws to fullest extent. Too lenient liberals
Oh please they said they want more illegals cause they are a sanctuary city and after years of killing now there looking for solutions
Address the culture and you address the problem. "Hello Jesse, hello Al..."! ( crickets chirping)
@ABC7NY They've had plenty of time and done nothing. Give me a week and I'll have the answers. U pay 4 travel and lodging.
Increase in Chicago violence linked to cut back in @CureViolence
@ABC7NY the solutions jobs. Opportunities and stop racism.
why has it taken so long to decide to search for solutions?
impeach Rahm!
@ABC7NY when trump gets in, the fun and gms will be over for the criminals. This guy means business
Obama is coming back. Let him deal with it-he has all the answers.
well They have the stiffest gun laws, ya think those criminals don't get or make EM. GET THE military in there!
now all the sudden the mainstream media wants to start reporting this national disgrace in Obamas city! Where were you the last 8 years
let the police do their job? Allow the prosecutors and judges as well!
We've been hvng same convo for yrs. This mentalty is taught at home. Fix the 'home', you'll fix the mentality. It's up to them-not us.
officials and experts??!? Bwahaha
@JohnCornyn  guns need to be regulated. Loop holes closed. Gun shows should require identification and background checks.
solutions are being searched for? Really?just ask the Mayor!
the media is sick for ignoring this for EIGHT YEARS. Now that Trump will be POTUS, all of a sudden it's a crisis.
I could fix the problem in a month and I am no expert
Maybe BLM folks can offer suggestion. Seems their previous suggestions contributed to this.
The solution is to stop having kids out of wedlock and stop supporting the politics of race and division.
let's keep #chicago in our prayers 
violence just started? Remember the mafia!
focus on alternatives for gangs & drugs....................
@ABC7NY all Obama's fault and your fault too @Disney network — y'all suck
The BLM should fix this issue they are after all killing each other.
That's what happens when you handcuff the cops and not the criminals.
@ABC7NY get rid of the "MAYOR "
JOBS!
ABC propagandists it's easy. Respect for law enforcement. Police avoid these sanctuary areas riddled with drug money and gunfire.
That is more than 2 homicides every day
Heres is an idea.. Get rid of "SANCTUARY CITY" status and boot Scumbag Mayor Rahm Emanuel for starts..
Send Obama maybe something good will happen. NOT!
The current admin is not getting the anarchist results they want from US. Its an implosion not an explosion. We are our only security
Dont bring your guns to town son
Praying for peace in this war-torn city. The agony and the defeat come to life. We are all so very sorry for this senseless tragedy.
Now leadership is finally looking into this human loss disaster / tragedy? 
#Madness
do what they use to do send in the G men and a lot of them!
@JohnCornyn We think a good place to start is to stop ignoring where the guns are coming from. They certainly aren't hand crafting them
@ABC7NY God I didn't wanna comment. Blaming every thing except the people who are carrying it out. Has nothing to do with weapon choice
@JohnCornyn So if strict gun control is not working, then the logical conclusion to fix that is...Come on, you can do it...is...?
@ABC7NY some of these tweets boy ! Can't believe my
Send in the Census Bureau with the National Guard, start background, warrant, and immigration checks. Remove the murderers' anonymity.
start by getting rid of the Democrats that have run Chicago for the past 100 years
Thinking citizens should be concerned. Thin skinned ego w/ bias to Russia & personal investments, who skips briefings gets on soc media
it's crazy how the people who live\vote in that city only blame the president like the mayor and governer and senator don't even exist
Start with: Empower the People and quit trying to control their lives so they depend on gov for survival. School Viuchers
18 MORE DAYS AND AYATOLLAH BARRY'S OUTTA HERE!  WOO HOO!!
.. Real Obama legacy tragedy!
if only Chicago had tight gun control????
Obama is giving his farewell speech there. I am sure they will be happy to see him. NOT
Start with getting rid of the Mayor. We got rid of Obama so you will see improvement shortlyabout 19 days
#stopgunsales in the states surrounding IL.
Tools. The Strict gun control laws did not help the citizens from the criminals. Citizens must have the ability to protect themselves.
there's no solution that ain't going to offend someone so let them keep on nobody respects cops 
Kick out the illegals stop been a sanctuary city!
and there's more anger about alleged Russian election hacks . Pretty messed up
The origin of a problem oft leads to a solution. What is the origin of THIS problem? #Chicago
they should have stricter gun laws
It's failed leadership. If a hospitals patients kept dying in droves, you wouldn't keep employing its management.
Sure now that #Obama leaves office Media will focus on Black-on-Black homicides #BlackLivesMatter only in politics not in #Chicago
#Chicago tops the most corrupt cities in the country. Without law & order crime goes up. Corruption & crime go hand & hand. #Tatiana
Where was this outcry the last 8 years. Obama basically ignored it and let it happen.Don't worry Chicago @realDonaldTrump is on the way
that police force should be disbanded let the military take over
all officials  should  retire now.  Time for Change! #Chicago
Batman that is all
