I’d like to see my senator deliver as powerful a speech on that topic to the Commander in Chief. Just saying….
My Senators are @JohnCornyn  and @tedcruz, so I'm not holding my breath.
Me either.
Meet the Air Force General who gave @JohnCornyn a lesson in leadership and human decency.
You're too weak to come out and tell the @potus to his face, so you RT someone else? What a profile in courage you are. Bravo 
So. Are you in? Or are you out?
And you JC, where's your stance on the unconstitutional Republican gerrymandering in the Texas electoral map?
Ironically he has more compassion than our “Christian” leaders senators.
we like and respect him.  How about you do something to earn our respect for a change!
This is what real leadership looks like (and is the polar opposite of our current president).
Could you please use your own voice and denounce racism instead of retweeting others? I want to hear YOU speak this forcefully
He needs to give this speech to Trump.
U should follow his example, Johnny, u were weak and pitiful in yr comments about C'Ville, convince us u r not a racist & bigot, speak out!!
why don’t you put on YOUR big boy pants and speak out against racism? #unite
Meet Gen  who delivered rebuke to DT tweets @SanJuan Mayor. Honoré DT
“mayor’s living on a cot, and I hope DT has a good day at golf"
This is garlic milkshake strong    #dignityandrespect
You might want to take lessons from the Air Force general...he understands leadership.
We surely can't wait on you to deliver one, @JohnCornyn. You amaze me with how you celebrate values you refuse to live in real life.
What Trump & the racist GOP, won't say.
He has the grace, strength, and courage to thwart Trump's racism and bigotry. Wish my Senators were as strong and courageous.
If @realDonaldTrump was in the room he would have to leave!
Sorry, he's not one of yours. You don't get to lick Trump's boots and rationalize his racism and act proud about this.
John is that the job of a Senator, to copy paste links to newspapers? Seems like you are way over paid if that the case.
That's what REAL leaders do.  No BS, silence is not golden.
Please share this with your President. It is a great video, though.
You support a racist man in the oval. This post is meaningless.
You don't get strength from tweeting others' strength. You need to earn it. Stand up and stand for something.
No Corndog, you don't get to have it both ways. Lines have been drawn...stop straddling them.
where is ur POWERFUL speech against white supremacy n racism? O u hav NONE!!!
He's the kind of moral leader we need. I hope more follow his example..
Wish more men in power had his guts.
Very refreshing to hear a leader condemn racism. Not happening in Washington these days.
Hey @JohnCornyn are you gonna reject the racism that Trump is spreading
Yes he did more than you Are you and your wife still members of the KKK
Considering your support for a racist president...jeez...
As Senate Maj Whip you outrank a 3-star.
Where is your anti-discrimination speak?
Where is that townhall schedule?
Why don't you do the same? You are #complicit by your silence. #racism #RacistTrump
It would be great if we had a POTUS (& GOP) that could articulate a powerful message against racism, Nazi, and alt right propaganda.
You're flirting with rational thought and rational people again senator. Its past time to draw a line in the sand
What will the history books say about John Cornyn?  Boot licking lackey or a leader?  Get on board with the general
He's a leader and a rational human being.
Now, if only our POTUS and politicians could be this way.
Does the AF really know who did it and their motives? "Scorched Earth" lectures ok but precision warfare best (real AF way). Investigation?
We have the most racist president in history.  Stand up against him
Such leadership wishing our President was more like this
Many of your states laws and policies are in direct contradiction to what he was saying.
Trump's rebuttal:
Yet you and your fellow republicans welcome with open arms Roy Moore so why the hypocritical tweet?
Why don't you do your part to hold @realDonaldTrump to the same standards?
He said, "This shit doesn't fly in the Air Force!" I'm paraphrasing of course :)
I wish that you would have the same balls as this general.
The president is a racist.
Lt. Gen. Jay B. Silveria for President
You aid and abet a vile racist every day. You are complicit and a hypocrite, and unfit to serve the people of Texas.
He sure did! It's refreshing to agree with you in something!
The racism that the President perpetuates without a peep from you!
If only you had 1/2 the backbone this man has to stand up against racism & discrimination in the state of Texas. But nope, you enable it.
you didn't state whether you agree with him. You support 45 100% so I have to assume you're posting this because it's fashionable to do so
@realDonaldTrump is not of the same mind as Lt. Gen. Silviera. He'd find a way 2 malign the Air Force & this fine officer. Trump is a racist
as a real leader would - immediately condemn white supremacy rhetoric......
Yes he did deliver a powerful speech. Now how about you & the rest of the GOP grow a spine & save this country from the idiot you empowered.
If only we had a president who would do that... 
Are you truly against racism ??
Why aren't we hearing this kind of leadership from you and the rest of the GOP? #FightRacism
Hi Senator Cornyn you could learn a lot from this man, instead of constantly bending the knee for Trump.
... a speech delivered while our racist president neglects Puerto Rico and American citizens.
Trump is DESPICABLE.
I commend his integrity to call an end to racism. One can only hope it encourages the same in the people that work for us n the @WhiteHouse
Yet you support @realDonaldTrump’s racism!
And you've never come close to speaking that powerfully on racism. What are you waiting for? Bless your heart.
My advice would be to watch this a number of times and take notes, Coryn
IT WAS STAGED IT LOOKS LIKE A 5 YEAR OLDS WRITING! PLEASE KNOW MY NEPHEWS IN THE NAVY & HES A BLACK GAY MAN! THEY NEVER CALLED HIM A N*****
Speeches are great, john.  But how about policies.   Like maybe updating and expanding the Voting Rights Act.  Tangible steps..not rhetoric.
.@JohnCornyn meet congress scumbag who bends over for racist israel, and connected to racist endtimer and Israel lackey, John Hagee
Given the GOP's lack of integrity these days this gave me a small amount of hope for our country.
So, are you going to get out?
Where is ur powerful speech against racism? Where is ur denunciation of trump suppressing 1ST AMMENDMENT RIGHT to protest injustice?
This is the speech POTUS should have given multiple times already. There is a REASON the racists, Nazis and their ilk are so emboldened now.
Trump is a monster & every day you stand idly by and say nothing to disavow his vile racist comments. Sad!
Show that to Trump.
If only @realDonaldTrump could be as clear cut about disavowing racism and racists.
Too bad you never spoke out this forcefully on Charlottesville. Never heard your “strongest possible terms.” Can you say it now?
If only the White House could do the same.
Is it confirmed that the posts were authored by one of the cadets he was berating? If not, this is only a pose to make himself feel good.
Do you see the tweets your president is sending this morning?
He took a great stand against revolting undercurrent in this country presently, didn't he @JohnCornyn? We are waiting on you and yours...
It would be nice if you would condemn racism ...even weakly.
https://twitter.com/Alt_Spicerlies/status/914118656174501895 …
Have you learned anything from this speech your continued silence is apparent we will replace you

“It’s a pretty safe bet that [Kushner's] personal devices have been compromised by foreign intelligence services." http://politi.co/2hD6aZo  
https://twitter.com/Alt_Spicerlies/status/914118656174501895 …
I hope you listened to it because your actions show otherwise. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and GOP.
Your a Senator, a Senior Statesman for the great State of Texas.  you are letting Trump shit on the constitution and the office of President
I sent it to Trump y'day because he needs to hear this general won't stand for him... wants him gone!
You're both sides BS is boring. You're dear leader is a hateful bigot who is punishing an island of AMERICANS right now. Focus John.
You, on the other hand, are a cowardly leader who won't call out your president for his own racism that led to this great leader having to.
Wouldn't it be great if our President did the same.....

I haven't heard your "powerful speech" against racism. 
@morningmoneyben @Rachel_Chason show this to Trump
We don't click #untrusted WaPo. Why are you promoting them? #rino
100% Correct
This man wouldn't let @realDonaldTrump serve under him so keep that in mind next time you offer support for that abomination @POTUS
Sen. Cornyn - Would you please show this @realDonaldTrump & @GOP - even though I doubt it would change their racist, white supremacist ways
Meet the president, @realDonaldTrump, whose actions are requiring Air Force generals to take a stand against racism.
Meet the president and Senator who didn't...
He is ten times the leader you could ever hope to be.
I commend Lt. Gen. Jay Silveria honor and integrity standing up to racism.
Please show the same integrity by disavowing Trump's grotesque statements toward Puerto Rico today.
His message is directed at your boss
The Lt. General's message may be aimed at his boss, but @JohnCornyn's boss is us, the citizens of Texas.
Well said
Blacks need to STOP hating cops and whites
Whatever, what was YOUR stance on #TakeAKnee I’m willing to bet you were right up POTUS’ ass as always sucking his agenda
Meet the senator that covers for the most racist POTUS in living memory. Oh, we can't because he refuses to talk with constituents. #resign
Again, please include @realDonaldTrump in all your informative tweets so he gets necessary briefings.
Surprised you'd RT this, with your enthusiastic support of border wall
He is trying to save his seat.
Any words for the presidents racist tirade this morning? Or do you leave it to others to call out racism?
Does the GOP give a flying fart about the US Constitution? Does the GOP care about the welfare of AMERICAN CITIZENS? Fiscal Responsibility?
Nice tweet coming from a senator like you who is supporting this insane, narcissistic president. 

He’s killing your party.
If only our political leaders were as passionate about racial injustice.
Can he be our president? Asking for The entire US population!!!
POTUS45 should listen to him.
Meanwhile your racist POTUS is calling Puerto Ricans lazy and saying they "want everything done for them."
What if he'd said that about Texas, John? You do realize that by not calling him out you look both hypocritical and complicit?
I know you're used to both of those looks, but come on, man! People are actively dying!!!
Hey, tell your boss to watch this video instead of golfing huh? Since he's blaming those lazy hispanics in Puerto Rico right now. Thanks.
Meanwhile our disgusting excuse for a President ducks back to his golf course ON OUR DIME and our time! HE needs to be impeached.
