That's like saying "millions of people choose not to use food stamps." Think, type, tweet, John.
Fake news...you are out of touch with your voters
you are just as big an ass as Paul Ryan. People r choosing not to buy mansions & yachts too by same logic, right? #killthebill
I agree with the NYT: A madman and his legislative minions are holding America hostage. You're a worthless sycophant, Senator.
Why choose not to buy it? Because it is expensive, doesn't cover anything, and you can not longer afford it due to lost subsidy?
This is political spin. Your constituents don't want this!  People will die because they can't afford treatment. #KillTheBill

Under #BCRA, a 60-year-old earning $45K would have to pay $11,800/yr more in premiums. See impact in your state: http://bit.ly/2tmOnun 
this is beyond (beneath?) a texas tall-tale.
Unless you are white, or male, or make more than just a few bucks a week.
That doesn't mean you should take it away and give those funds to your friends! Shame on you
That tweet made absolutely zero sense.
Sorry, not falling for your spin & lies. Stop trying to polish a you know what.
John, this is not an option in texas because the governor opted out. Thanks Abbott and Perry. My brother cannot get insurance at all.
Stop trying to portray ACA as horrific & Trumpcare as an option! You got it backwards!
They lose coverage because they can't afford it, dimwit.
I have never heard of a single person who turned down Medicaid to remain uninsured. Texas gov turned down Medicaid expansion, not Texans.
Do you just memorize the Koch Bros talking points or do you have a laminated wallet-size copy? Or a QB playbook armband under your suit?
I choose not to "buy" Medicaid bc we get ins from employer. If it goes away or is too costly, that choice may change.
It's only a choice if one of the options is advantageous.  If one chooses to pay rent/buy food instead of insurance, that's a DILEMMA.
You, sir are a fool. How do you still not get what YOU did to Medicaid in TX? Maybe your voters believe you, but most Texans actually think.
wow. You really don't get it do you. TX refused to expand Medicaid.
looks like you need to surrender and get off subject...
Can you show us your sources?
I'm also choosing not to buy a villa in Tuscany.
What are you talking about?  Texas didn't expand Medicaid so people never had the option to sign up for it.
your so full of it no one in need of Medicaid refuses to register. Your health education/communication appears to be piss poor.
This does not take in account that GOP plan will make healthcare from Medicaid less accessible to millions who need it and would sign up
If you defund it, they won't be able to sign up at all.
This tweet shows either incompetence, for which you should resign, or wilful exploitation of the uninformed, for which you should resign
Totally not how it works, but thanks for trying.
Gov. Abbot cut Medicaid, and people can't afford $1000/month. You get free healthcare insurance, so shut up. Out of touch.
You need to go apply and see the hoops they have to jump to qualify... then you also have a gret #w/ mental health=not capable.
Hilarious.
When they "choose not to buy it" it is because it's either healthcare or food/shelter TX has the largest uninsured rate! #SAVEACA
IF they can qualify for Medicaid. Not a product like bread. Not "poor enough" keepsTexans off rolls.
lies and propaganda. you're my fave troll senator (for a few more mo's).
Omg.  Your are truly DELUSIONAL.
Pure propaganda....or #FakeNews as Trump chooses to call it.
Choose not to buy it for 1/2 of their annual income? Lucky you.  We pay yours, right?
Congrats on being #2 in Senators receiving funding from insurance companies just so you'll keep screwing Texans over. Nice price tag, John.

Make people responsible for themselves and make them buy insurance. We have always paid for them anyway, via higher ER and hospital bills.
they choose not to because they can't afford it or because they think they don't need it right now. Make people responsible for themselves.
Do you care that severely disabled kids could lose their OPTIONAL #Medicaid state waiver prgrms? My child will die w/o it.
Those choosing no coverage choose to let others pay. You enable this. No personal responsibility.
The premise of your argument is that people who qualify for Medicaid choose not to use it. True. People only use it who really need it.
So what, you think millions of people have a death wish? Millions of people don't realize that they aren't indestructible? Explain.
Again, what of those w a pre-existing condition who would otherwise like to move or change jobs? Trumpcare poses a roadblock
I think you need more research on this information.
"choosing" not to buy healthcare is not a choice when it's unaffordable.
BullShit John. What kind of attempt at rationalization is that garbage?
Medicaid isn't free and you know it.
How many people do not want free healthcare?  See any hands? Stop lying, red tape n forms. 77015
Tx has the most stringent eligibility quals anywhere. There is no choosing- mills here literally can't qualify. That's not freedom either.
Oh honey, they are really not saying that at all
Passing a bill to return us to the days of uninsurability, caps, making it even more unaffordable is neither a choice or responsible.
NOTHING is FREE.  Check debt $$$!
I get it -  that's why @GOP decided to use the term "access" & repeat it over & over. Bad plan, we need everyone in the pool w/quality ins!
This doesn't make sense. People NEED healthcare & will end up in ER w/o coverage. Who pays for that Senator? Go to the ER's in Tx cities
We aren't "losing" coverage, it's being "taken away". I make a good living but I can't afford 5 iPhones a month and keep a roof over my head
Yes John, that's how the propagandists roll.
I choose to not vote for you.
#obamacareworks
Delete your account.
I don't have the choice to sign up for Medicare in Texas. And if the healthcare is too expensive, there really isn't a choice. #Dense
Being uninsured is never a choice that isn't based on affordability. Stop lying. This bill is cruel and you are ignoring your constituents.
I'm so sick and tired of your lies. How do you feel about Trump inciting violence on the press ?
Thanks for admitting you didn't read the CBO score.
The God you and the rest of the  GOP pray to us definitely not the caring one. Entitled,disingenuous, selfish and cold.
Not in TX buddy-& there's no point in having insurance if company refuses to cover treatment-or if you hit lifetime cap b4 ur 2 weeks old
You are trying to destroy Medicaid that keep's children, handicapped, and the elderly alive. Shame on you
We're not LOSING it, sir. You and your fellow republican senators are pricing us out of it. You are TAKING it away from is.
Many people do not realize they qualify. If they qualify why not encourage good health and access to care. THAT is a pro-life ethic
You hate the poor something fierce
FREE ? It's free who pays for it Russia, China, ISIS that's what is wrong with Washington Tax payers are paying .nothing is free SENATOR
Why are you targeting kids w/ disabilities? They did nothing to deserve condition & $ for Tx might mean diff b/w indep life or institution
You're aware you represent Texas citizens, right? We didn't take the Medicaid expansion.

https://www.google.com/amp/www.cnbc.com/amp/2015/05/29/texas-pays-a-big-price-for-saying-no-to-medicaid-expansion.html …
Repeal #Obamacare
John, read medicaid rules before you speak. Millions of children are being hurt as well as the working poor. I'm so disappointed in you
They're not choosing not to buy it. They can't afford it, but that doesn't mean they qualify Medicaid. Do you even know how all this works?
what a FOOL!!! Rich, privileged man misstating facts. Millions are refused Medicaid every year. U want it to be millions more!
When insurance companies can opt out of preexisting conditions or impose a lifetime cap on coverage, you lose coverage.
When you can't afford health insurance & don't qualify for Medicaid, you lose coverage. Isn't that obvious?
I'll bet those big dummies also "choose" not to buy Rolls-Royces and private jets....
CBO publishing FALSE numbers.The people who lose healthcare do not lose it but choose not to buy the new one because they found a better one
this just proves once again Tx. isn't your first concern. Weren't you elected to rep TX? Tx has MAJOR rest. on medicaid already.
You might want to run this false equivalency by all the parents of chronically sick kids at @TexasChildrens
More lies from shameless old bigoted hack. Your state refused to expand Medicaid. How can ppl sign up for something that was blocked?
Universal health care for all!
True, people don't always invest their budgets wisely. But who will pick up the tab for ER or life-saving care for an uninsured person?
Under your "plan" they wouldn't be able to sign up for Medicaid and they wouldn't be able to afford crap insurance plans of the free market
PLEASE give us the PROMISED full REPEAL Of OBAMACARE! Middle class is hurt most by OC/ was MUCH better off before OC!

Wrong you can't stop lying!!  GOP making it impossible for some!  GOP causing failure and don't worry WE WILL REMEMBER #impeachTrumpnow
Cornyn, you know texas makes it harder than hell to receive medicaid 
 You pretty much have to be totally disabled.
The requirement for Medicaid in MO is your household income cannot exceed $15, 400 annually; you cannot own property ex. home, car.
If my choice is pay premiums that are 60% of my retirement check, I have a "choice," I suppose: insurance or housing & food.
Some of us can't get Medicaid in our state....some states chose not to expand!
Not free when Abbott chose not to accept Medicaid expansion in Texas. Tell the whole story.
John Cornyn: I long to be freed from the oppressive yoke of my health insurance
In form of higher premiums, higher out of pocket costs & thru Medicaid, of course.  Single payer eliminates this! That's the truth, John!
The problem is that when people choose not to have health ins and then get sick and cant pay for it, we all pay for it in the end.......
And how many Americans would choose not to buy car insurance if given the choice? I'll also remind you again of your position on abortion
It's pretty disingenuous to go on and on about choice when it only happens to support your market stance this time regardless of lives saved
Texas did not expand Medicaid. TX taxpayers have been footing the bill twice over for Abbott not being willing to take federal dollars.
It's not that they are choosing not to buy it, it's that they can't afford it. And since TX didn't expand medicaid, they have no options.
TX citizens pay higher rates than states that expanded Medicaid -- result of Perry, Cornyn, Cruz's dumb decision..

http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2015/10/15/448729327/states-that-declined-to-expand-medicaid-face-higher-costs …
Translation: "Let's see if anyone will see through the blatant lie I am telling about medicaid."
As though states like Texas are really encouraging people to sign up 
The GOP way: cheat or change the rules.
With leaders like you and Cruz Texans are doomed.  You are both corporate pawns.
Because anti Health care zealots like you make it all confusing.  The fools that believe you are who you hurt.  Shame
You are such a liar.
It's not really choice if it costs 20,000 and your gross income is 50k.
Millions didn't choose to have their voting history sold gifted or touched 
Not true in Texas because  GOP state government refused to extend Medicaid. A decision you, as Texas senator, supported. What a hypocrite!
Free like the handing over of citizens private information and voting preference ?

Again, you are the problem, the GOP promised #FullRepeal of Obamacare We Texans who voted for you don't understand why that so hard? 
Affordability & choice mean different things, you get that @JohnCornyn? I chose things I can afford. And I can't afford GOP health plans.
Texas forfeited billions in medicade expansion from the federal government because it came thru Obamacare. #liarliarpantsonfire
"chosing" not to sign up because they can't afford it isn't a choice. It's a travesty and you're complicit. #liarliarpantsonfire
"Choose not to buy" and "Cannot afford" are different. Senator, I have never seen you prevaricate before. Please be true to yourself.
Rep strategy is creation of INDENTURD SERVANTS: W/no ins people use ER  med bills so high ucan't pay creditors hound u 4payment - 1/3
Creditor harassment laws so bad they scare consumer - late payment on credit cards increase consumer IRates increase to 29.99% levels 2/3
People desperate 2make ends meet turn to Texas Payday loans which are PREDATORY Tx legislature does little to help
Last, companies can pull ur credit report w/ur consent when considering u 4employment. HOw can young people pull out of this BS?
Wasn't this bad when I was young. Young couples/families have it tough as it is; Reps made it tougher.
How can you defend a sick man who sends out a tweet that shows the President violently throwing someone to the ground? What a Christian man?
You are an embarrassment with your facile understanding of families in Texas. How much is spent on effective outreach?
I can't buy a 747. Not because I choose not to buy it. I can't afford it.
And when they get sick or hurt, who will pay for their care? Or are you suggesting the great USA should just let them die?
Senator, I am appalled by this comment of yours. I truly hope that you are voted out of office at the next opportunity. Texans deserve more.
It's kind of pointless to sign up for it when idiots like you and our damn governor chose not to expand it
if 'chosing to buy it' costs me 50% of my annual income, is that really a 'choice' ???
Oh is that your spin now?! You must think we are incredibly stupid!
Gosh maybe we should encourage them to make sensible choices by, hmm, I don't know, making them pay a penalty if they don't get insurance?
When you cannot afford something, it's not same as 'choosing' not to buy But you know that You are destroying the US & lying to constituents
Americans know what's going on. Primaried much?
I'm choosing not to buy that 800,000 house I want. Exactly.
How disingenuous. TX has the one of the strictest Medicaid reqs, so it's hard to qualify. Now 70% are kids. Where is your moral compass?
You can't choose to buy what you can't afford. And you people make signing up for Medicaid as opaque a process as you possibly can...
And deny the ACA expansion.
Care to comment on DJT violent tweet this morning on WWE assault on CNN or do we need to wait for someone from the media to get shot
Why would you write this knowing governor refused Medicaid expansion?? What about special needs kids who lost care?
John, I make too much money for Medicaid. By 50 cents, Unless we can buy into medicaid now for reasonable prices and get full coverage.
Texas didn't expand Medicaid.  #TownHallDodger Meet with your constituents instead of spouting falsehoods. This is disgusting. #stoplying
Senator, have you never had to *choose* between something like buying food and paying the water bill?
In Houston all the uninsured people end up in the county hospitals.  With more uninsured the county will go broke.
Ya... and I just "chose" to not buy a mansion
Not in Texas
Have you seen the Trump's tweet this morning?  Why do you nothing to protect our free press and democracy?
Really! Medicaid is free! And you're a senator? I thought your voters that work for a living tax dollars paid for it.
That because they wont get nothing out of Medicaid even if they are on it who wants to drive 4 to 6 hours just to see a doctor
You intentionally mislead in these tweets. If you're going to screw us over, and you want to, be man enough to admit it.
Where's your town hall gonna be? Oh yeah, I http://forgot.You  hide from us while you are in Texas because you screw us in Washington.
In your plan if I miss any payments, and that can happen in my financial situation, I'm locked out for 6 mos. That's vicious.
And our idiotic state turned down extra funds because a black man offered it!
#fakenews
Yes, I CHOSE not to sign up for free Medicaid that I'm not eligible for because Texas didn't expand it. Mr. Cornyn, STOP LYING!
It IS a loss of coverage when the premiums are too high by design. And you seem to forget that in #Texas Medicaid was not expanded.
Your out of touch, how about a Townhall. No one chooses not to have Ins. Some can't afford it and Medicaid is for low income.
you mean our governor, who choose to refuse it for other people?
By choosing not to buy they choose to saddle others like me with their daily health risk. Is that fair, Senator?
pretty sure you just want lots of money and could care less about your people in Texas. How did you get elected exactly?

@JohnCornyn Many years ago, I disagreed with your opinions but never thought you would put party before country. Now, that is all you do.
Aristocrat pig
Produce someone on Medicaid right now who is nonplussed that they have coverage & wish some1 would make it easier 2 NOT have it
Then maybe you should expand Medicaid for all. Single payer.
I've chosen not to buy a mansion. I mean, I can't afford it but by your logic I made a choixe
My mother makes $40 a month too much for Medicaid. She would sign up if possible Senator, but she lives in Texas.
Not after you republicans take $800B from it and give it to your rich friends. A little reverse Robin Hood.
#CowardCornyn is taking policy advice from the Kremlin...little bird tells me some interesting emails to come to light...#NoCornyn #NoPutin
#CowardCornyn is attacking Medicaid , just like you and Putin attacked America, got it. Nope. #NoPutin
#CowardCornyn is trying to destroy the Freedom of the Press. Nope, sorry old man, traitors are a no go. #NoTraitors #NoPutin #NoTrump #USA
Again children and the elderly in long term care will be impacted. Say "no" to wealth care.
#CornynCoward is weak and stupid, just like Putin...what Kremlin Cornyn connections are bubbling up....hmm? #NoTraitors
You represent the state with the highest percentage of uninsured citizens and yet you work overtime at taking healthcare away from people.
Hey #CowardCornyn ,just another 4th of July where you do Putin's bidding and attack the poor? Don't worry, you won't be winning reelection.
Your lies are getting bigger & bigger each day?  Taking cues from Trump?  When you have to lie to people to get a bill passed, its ugly bill
Hey #CowardCornyn, does Putin tell you what to tweet? America has overcome elderly traitors before , yr no different stupid old commie.
Are you still defending this mess of a bill?
So people don't need to buy car insurance if they drive, home insurance if  they have a mortgage, business liability insurance. Their choice
Uh. No. Just no.
Nothing in life is "free", sir.  Somebody is paying for it - likely me and millions of other middle class Americans that r being destroyed.
I know you don't care about reality on the ground in states wo Medicaid expansion like TX but maybe others here are:
