"Trump’s rash departure from Paris agreement leaves farmers worse off" http://hill.cm/f2lRvbL  
#ignorance isn't a good look, John
Hold a town hall and we can discuss it.
Please share your climate science credentials
Cornyn or me?
Cornyn
As a seventh-generation Texas rancher, I disagree, Senator.
Silly is thinking we believe your bs.   Silly is thinking you will have another term.   Silly is ignoring what is good for all.
Yeah, it's silly because for anyone to think it's JUST farmers that are worse off and not the whole damn planet are CLUELESS! #TrumpSucks
How sad that you republicans have backed Trump and cover for him.  He has reduced our status. pushed away our allies and promoted hate.
Maybe we should ask the NOAA or FEMA what they think about this...oh, nevermind...Just like the FBI there's no one in charge
Trump and Russia are the real story why do you choose to support Trump / Russia and not Americans
What's silly is your blind alignment with every policy position of the President. I'll be laughing silly all the way to the voting booth.
Logical Conclusion: @JohnCornyn thinks climate change is a hoax.
Saying demeaning things doesn't make things any less truthful
You're flailing, John. Scrape the egg off your face and start listening to your constituents.
He is. You Hillary supporters are lunatics on the wrong side of real science
The ONLY country who has a partisan divide on climate change is the US. The GOP is the only major party in the world that denies it.
the GOP doesnt' deny climate change, it's natural, it's cyclic, want real change? force it on the largest polluters, China and India.
Cyclic, yes, but GOP wrongly denies that this IS caused by man, and these trends are NOT normal by a long shot.
1)US, depending on parameters, contributes more to global warming than anyone else. WE are the heavy polluters. But aside from that, India
and China both have reversed their positions on coal and are pursuing green energy options. India plans to only sell electric cars by
2020, China is going to be the world leader of wind/solar (most likely). They are taking care of themselves. It's only America with the
Silliness is your constant denial that #climatechange is a realty!#ParisAgreement  #ActOnClimate #MakeThePlanetGreatAgain
More than anyone, the Paris Accord helped those who depend on agriculture as a way of life.
The distraction is not working! Your constituents want to know why #Trump wanted to lift Russia sanctions right after inauguration.
Because they were implemented on a lie. Because they refused to help Hillary win
C'mon sir, seriously!?! The entire Intel community, which wasn't politicized until #Trump "won" by negative 3M votes, agrees on this.
the entire community? or just those left after 8 years of purges? btw, wait till #truethevote is done...
GOP = Group of Pavlovs

   MAGA (ding)
   America first (ding)
   Coal (ding)

Let's turn Texas blue! Vote Democrat in 2018.
What an incredibly trite response to a serious article. But then I do see that telltale Kool Aid stain around your mouth again...
Compelling and rich, Corny. I look forward to more thoughtful analysis from the senator who regularly brings dishonor on our state.
If you like eating, it is actually quite serious.
Brilliant @NFUDC.
Our ranchers in the Big Bend hurt from climate change now.  So sad to see our senior Senator dismiss our real struggles.
What's silly is that you have absolutely no plan of action on how to steer the planet away from 3-4 degrees warming now. Thanks, John.
We can nuke china and India, create a nuclear winter.  That's what Hillary wanted to do
Hillary isn't president. Grow up and argue in the present.
the present? the Paris Accords forces the US to fund and pay the UN for what? in contract terms, it's illegal, no benefit
Cornyn is still ridin' on the Trump train. #sad
Cornyn was never on the Trump Train!
He defends Trump at every opportunity. Very much a Trump supporter.
Well Cupcake that would be nice if he did!  After all Donald J Trump is the President!
Silliness?
Why is it silly senator cornyn?
Guess you graduated from the Rump school of triteness. "Silliness" in the global climate change debate shows no leadership or intellect
Ashamed to have to say that you are a political figure in this State. Praying you can educate yourself on the matter.
You are quite literally one of the most entitled people in the world if you have a choice in believing that climate damage isn't real
Silliness is whatever spews from you. Sad the state of Texas has to put up with your lying, treasonous supporting ass until 2020.
You have taken more $ than anyone else who signed Inhofe's letter!!!
oh dear - only 79 likes Cornyn from 105,000 followers. Hmmm, you may want to rethink your political platform & get off the Trump train.
the good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it - neil degrasse tyson

Reality isn't "silly" just because you don't like it.
I mean, the hilarious thing is that Texas stands to gain from clean energy (wind, solar), but @JohnCornyn can't see past his donors.
A year ago the environmentalists complained the Paris Accord had no teeth and was worthless. Now it was the savior of humankind! 
Do you read these tweet replies?  What is YOUR stance on anything vs your BASIC commentary on news articles. Missing your yard bunny?
Here's what's silly John, you putting party over country by constantly sniffing Trump's gaseous byproduct & saying it smells like potpourri
Can you explain why it is silly?
When ranchers sell off their cattle in next drought because they can't feed them & farmers can't bring in a crop tell them it's silliness
The silliness is coming from YOUR mouth on a more frequent basis
You are embarrassing yourself. And Texas.
Compliance w Paris is voluntary. DJT announcement didn't do anything but piss off our former allies and thrill his deplorable supporters.
...townhall?
Yes.  You certainly are a silly senator.
Is the politician @JohnCornyn more knowledgeable than actual educated & experienced experts? No! Cornyn is a con, a fake, a phony!
@thehill John ur twitter intern is silly
they're having a meltdown
The hell you say!  Cornyn it's time for you to represent Texans!!!!!!
Mr Cronyn you are the silliness for following 45 into hell! How does that feel to sell your soul?
Cornyn...you are so far removed from what your constituents want and feel.  It must the $$$$ lining your pockets...brain mass is leaving .
What's silly is that you refuse to acknowledge years of scientific research and refuse to represent your constituents. Cornyn's legacy.
How, sir? I've respectfully asked for your facts/support (as have others). Where is the supporting data for your POV?
How so?  Would be 12 years before anything might even be remotely affected besides the cost to heat homes. Price skyrockets under accord
Вы идиод.
Your Twitter feed is silliness. What us it that you use it for
We are still suffering from a drought
It's always Trump before country with you John.  Time to go! #CanCornyn20 #TrumpRussia
your disregard for the survival of the American race is beyond pathetic. You only care about $ and oil.
3 million in donations from Big Oil. You know what's silly? You think your constituents believe anything you say or tweet #CountryOverParty
Not this constituent!
That's just BULLSH-t. Get on the Trump Train losers
Silliness is believing that yesterday is the future.   Coal is not the future.  What's your plan?
Because you're such an expert in the field.

Maybe you could tell us your education history...
Tow the line. Kiss the ring. Use the tactic of attacking story instead of addressing facts. You & other anti-truth toadies w/suffer 4 this.
There's nothing silly about the man in the White House.
Totally silliness.  Forcing my ranch fuel expense up & subsidizing China & India was not going to help me. Trump saved the US rancher.
Way to think short-term. Guarantee if we don't get global warming under control the US rancher is gonna be hurting big-time. We all are.
How does the Paris Climate Accord help global warming when it gives a free pass to the two worst polluters- India & China?
You're buying into lies. India stopped its new planned coal plants and is going to sell nothing  but electric cars by 2020. China is also
going away from coal and towards wind and solar and is poised to be the global leader in both. Stop blindly following and do some research.
"1 Indian co did put forth a plan to double its coal production by 2020, according to a 2015 report in India's Economic Times." - Yahoo News
Which they have reversed. It's 2017, FFS.
Silliness? Not silly at all. Go ask farmers of the mid west how it has gone for them the last 10 years or so.
Silliness? Like calling climate change a hoax invented by the Chinese? Are you ignorant or dishonest, sir? Or both?
Economy in Texas is still in decline, Senator. The good people of Texas don't think handing the economic future to other nations is wise.
WHY are you still on the Trump train? It's going off the rails...
TX Blue in your lifetime. Thanks for your important role in helping us get there.

I wonder what it's like to be represented by someone who respects their constituents and not just their donors?
Well neither one of the Texas Senators represent the people of Texas!!!!
Silliness?

Like naming Tom Coleman 'Lawman of the Year?"
Uh oh, judging by the comments here, you've got some splainin to do.
Your were payed  6 figures to pull out of the Paris accord .Nothing like a little Dark Money greed
Let's have a town hall about all this silliness!
You posted the same thing twice. Dimentia? Please, pretty please! Retirement would look sooo good on you!
#climatechange and it's effects on all life is not silly. #science is real; your critical thinking is a failure; #reality over party
Resign cornyn.  No one trusts a career criminal.
Head in the sand
@thehill. What a load of manure.
Its the whole World v the GOP #traitors
Who, you?
Little John, my family has a farm in TX - the place you supposedly care about- how will Donald's actions help us?
They cannot control weather to farmers
You and your traitors are done!
Silly ice caps, stop melting and messing up our weather patterns.  Home owners insurance is going through the roof!
See how uninformed you are? Ice caps grew.
It's a slow, slow burn but we will replace you
What's NOT silly?Backing out of an international agreement&setting that precedent 4the world's future.NOT silly, STUPID!
You're a Twitter Troll, congratulations! Silliness and fake news are big statements for you. Your family will be embarrased for generations.
@thehill so you're saying there's no such thing as Global Warming? Wake up. As a true Texan, I'm embarrassed you represent me.
Funny thing - there is no Global Warming!
Pretty silly that they elected you when you don't care about them.
Does fossil fuel industry pay you per tweet?
Yes the fossil fuel industry pays for John.
Look at you cheering on a potential return to dust bowl days. Willful ignorance.
That it is, short term, Paris was politics last year, and yesterday,
Cornyn - you don't get out much, do ya?? Or listen to world news??or travel to other countries???
Ya, fuck all those scientists, right? John Cornyn and his $1.1 million from oil and gas companies know better. 
