Sessions is scandalous
Jesus you are quite the mouthpiece for Trump. Maybe one day you'll gaze back to us Texans, your constitutes. Until then though..
Senator, what do you think about @SteveKingIA openly promoting white supremacy and ethnonationalism?
#CleanRepeal quit screwing around. You made a promise to Texans.
But you are scandalous for not resisting all this BS!
No, but his cooperation with the Russian propaganda machine is.
Senator, when will you have a town hall? Your constituents (employers) would like to check in with you.
Senator, what's your stance on purging federal attorneys without any replacements lined up, crippling the federal courts?
Preet was investigating Fox news and possibly Trump himself for Russia ties. Seems as though R's would be concerned. Are you?
if not scandalous it is unprecedented. Another way for 45 to get rid of those who disagree with him. Shameful
Yes, it's routine but, like much in the Trump administration, handled more brashly than necessary. It costs nothing to be respectful.
Remember the hiring freeze? No replacements = crippled judicial system.
Not in itself, but US Attorneys are usually kept on long enough to complete current cases. Why the panic to get rid of them?
Is it just @realDonaldTrump being an infant as usual, or is there something sinister? PLEASE SAVE US FROM THIS CON ARTIST!
dodging the point. it's not that trump/sessions did this, it's how he did it and when. pls be smarter than this
You're all scandalous crooks!
Repeat: What happened to make Trump change his mind? Isn't Trump Tower in this guy's district?  Did he ask him to lie?
not scandalous but very suspect and stupid
It IS SCANDALOUS if it's DUE TO A COVER-UP.
Investigate Jared Ivanka Pence Tillerson Ryan McConnell Chao
COLLUSION
#trumprussia
#unpatriotic #fakeTRUMPcare
.@JohnCornyn if you’ll excuse me, I’ll make up my own mind as to what is scandalous. But thanks for anti-signal, I’ll take it into account
not scandalous but the methodology is poorly planned out. Also firing an attny going after your donors raises ?s. i.e. NY Attny
just wait...
Senator, when will your phones be fixed? It seems the system doesn't work, as I haven't gotten through in over a month.
Senator, what do you think of AG Sessions lying under oath in his confirmation hearing?
It isn't really a "firing", either but a normal changeover. But not having replacements identified at this point is questionable
No replacements identified and a government hiring freeze.
Great job Mr Sessions.
Since U have NO MORAL COMPASS, we'll decide what is scandalous R not!? If U TALKED 2 UR constituents you'd know we aren't idiots
You're either dense or colluding, both of which are terrifying. Get out.
it was very poorly done though, especially since @PreetBharara was previously asked to stay on.
@amicah1 its just the beginning
Do you really support the #SoCalledPresident?  Are you as dishonest as he is..wait,  yes,  you are.
when will Republicans see the writing on the wall? How far will they get before ya'll stand up?  Are u blind? #disgraceful.
nope. Just the guy doing it. Sessions is the scandal.
you keep repeating yourself, so I will too. #independentinvestigation #TrumpDontCare #education #constituentsmatter #doyourjob
It is #RUSSIA
Media has openly agreed w/ ur statement. It's the way 45 does it. He has no replacements, ppl deserve notice. His methods :/
It's a bad look for you to keep defending #TrumpRussia.
This may come as a surprise, but party lines are blurring and coming together against the corruption of this new Trump admin.
Firing an attorney charged with investigating the Drumpf regime's ties to Russia is scandalous. So is your lack of concern.
Except for the one looking into Russian ties that Sessions lied about. We are not stupid!
Nope.....lying to one is scandalous! Our president has zero ethics! ZERO! And you lick all over him!
Is that why he fired the one he promised to keep? The one who was investigating Fox News?
why should we believe you, John? You sold Texas out for the job of gop whip. #CornynFailedTexas
You not holding #TownHall is also scandalous. So is #Trumprussia #Trumpcare and #Sessionsperjury. And YOU, #countryoverparty.
John, you're a corrupt, partisan politician who will do anything for power, and an idiot too. Why no town hall over recess?
you continue to misunderstand your voters. We get this. It's how, and why now that gives the appearance of scandal.
in this case it's not what was done, but how
Maybe not, but it hurts Trumps job numbers lol.
Firing ones investigating the 45th is. It's called a cover up.
a) Preet asked to stay. b) WH tries to contact Preet through improper protocol. c) Preet fired. That's not normal.
no, but firing them all because Hannity said to do it is. So is firing the one investigating your buddies.
Your cronyism might be justified in your mind, but it will bring consequences. Democracy will win in the end! #NoFascismInMyHouse #resist
fellow Texans. We need to draft William McRaven to run against this Trump bootlicker in 2020.
Only scandalous if the timing is such that any ongoing investigations into 45 and any of his team are put on hold.
Oh, now we just say shit and it's true? How about "Betsy DeVos isn't Education Secretary anymore?" Did it work, Johnny Sellvote?
.@JohnCornyn Okay. Just remember there is a hiring freeze. Make sure no one gets hired to replace them.
Of course it's the WAY he did it and what motivated him to do it when he did.
We know that. It's the timing, the improper call from prez, the investigations, unanswered Qs that bother us. 78240
I don't get you. You continue to cover and normalize this chaotic WH.
you are so out of touch. STOP defending him.
You know what is scandalous? Your confirmation of Pruitt and DeVos.
Not demanding Sessions resign due to perjury is.
gross oversimplification.  We know this.  The real question: is it scandalous if us attorney investigating the president?
your right! Unless he only did it because Fox News told him to.
not scandalous, just stupid partisanship. Nothing new to see here, folks. Your party really isn't interested in governing, huh?
#BREAKING:@PreetBharara convicted Russian mobster who ran biggest NYC illegal gambling ring—from inside of Trump Towers.
normalizing corruption, incompetence and unambiguous racism proud of yourself?
Your right, it's good old fashioned corruption.  You should know.  #bloodsuckingpig
supporting the firing of attorneys likely involved in investigating the Administration - Russia ties??
Process. When the process is abrogated, unease prevails. This would be analogous to a senator refusing to interact with voters.
But don't all of our Senators, elected by we the people, regularly interact with his or her constituents? 
Health care update?
Yeah but republicans could adopt a bad bill.
