Political hack Republican spewing more garbage. Taking medical insurance away from 22 million = Trumpcare.
It is definitely flawed. What is GOP plan? Having a "grand old party?"
It's helping a LOT more people than it is failing, but, you know, POLITICS BEFORE PEOPLE!
@JohnCornynPlease explain the report Texas is the worst for health insurance in the country.
its good to know you think having more people uninsured is making america better.
Then replace it. Don't just leave us out in the cold. Dying in the streets.
It must be repealed ASAP.  The middle class cannot bear the burden.
why are these lies perpetrated? It has helped millions gain healthcare and treatment.
folks need to know that w/o ACA there is no coverage for pre-existing conditions. Kid w diabetes? Lose your job? Tough
Too plans need not and will not be over 30,000 pages!
Have u talk w/ TXn's who use ACA? It not failing 20 million ppl on it. GOP is no diff then Russian trolls on this issue
let's hear a better plan before we throw the other out the window.
So what's the replacement plan? Americans are dying to read it. #betterway #sotheysay
It was designed to fail the American people. The Feds want a single payer system. They are all crooked.
Cornyn is part of the Establishment,  I personally don't trust a word coming out of his mouth.
Sorry John it hasn't for me.
Ask people if they like the Affordable Health Care Act vs. Obamacare and look at the answers. Conservatives are clowns.
once you attack me personally I know I've won the argument
didn't attack anyone personally, categorized a group of numbskulls. Big difference
political parties will bring about the ruin of our nation
They want to revert things back to what they were before Obamacare, which did not work either.
Free Market & Competition will solve this Socialist Mess created by Obama & the Democrats.
The free market was not working, which is why Obamacare was created. Millions went broke if they got sick
No doubt 20Mil uninsured need gov subsidy but not the other 300Mil Americans Obamacare destroyed HMO's
Destroyed? ?? Most of the plans I had to choose from were HMO's and in NYS, the plans were good.
All plans cover only 80%Hospitalization(was 100%)Premiums near $1K per month w/deductibles=$10K=$21K OoP
Letting people purchase Medicaid would solve the problem. Medicaid covers nearly everything at low cost.
HeavilyGov subsidized The US budget would implode if everyone could enroll in Medicaid. Ins. Co sb out
ACA has helped every American by making insurance companies play by different rules. I like no copays for routine care.
As one of your constituents, I want you to ensure affordable healthcare is available to us. Maintain benefits & control our insurance costs
.@FoxNews @JohnCornyn WRONG WRONG WRONG it is failing some of people, but repealing it will be failing a lot more, tens of millions more.
http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/pAOTc …
like this guy?
As I previously asked, what is the replacement, how will you ensure affordability w/o mandate & what abt RX prices?
really? Obamacare is the only reason my entire family to afford health insurance for the first time in our entire lives
My wise uncle once told me to always have a solution in mind when complaining about a problem. What's your replacement?
yes, John. What we need is burial insurance .
better check in with your constituents. For many ACA is not just working, it's saving lives
Factually mistaken. And the repeal without immediate replacement is (if done)... an insult to all working people.
so what right now is the replacement
You'll find out as soon as they pass it.
repealing and replacing Obamacare is like taking out the garbage and replacing it with something decent and helpful to people!
Damn right it is.
You guys had 8 years to figure out what to replace Obamacare with. What have you been doing?
-
Dems Attempting To Place The Broken Pieces Of Obamacare In The Hands Of Trump, And Run Like Hell.
You mean like how Bush dropped 2 wars and a depression on Obama? No contest. Bush wins.
Can Obama's contract be bought out? @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @edmondsburnaby
of course it is, without a public option the insurance companies don't have any competition, free trade needs that.
So many American's are screaming about Repeal & Replace.  @POTUS did the exact same around 12 times and not a word.
Y the concern now u-cornyn,never cared b4, Cornyn just a rino time he goes out with his cousin obama
Are illegal immigrants and their children receiving free healthcare/medicare?If so, that would be a HUGE cost to rates.
Not Obamacare anymore. TRUMPCARE and GOPcare. You bought him, you own it
It's the alternative right  Republican narrative.  Republican and Fox news  false news to con voters
I am conservative not a clown as some may call us-I have 
Pre-exiting Cancer-plan premium for 2017 has jumped in cost
says the man who is getting free healthcare courtesy of my tax dollars
"FAILED"
ObamaCare is extortion by our govt. on the citizens!
Yep, Obamacare = higher costs and fewer choices!!!
I resent when #RINOS like  @JohnCornyn try and jump the #TrumpTrain
Cornyn hasn't done a damn thing since he's been in congress. Which bill did he pass? He voted FOR the bailouts of 2008!
True, but not if you listen to top Democrats trying to protect a legacy through Propaganda. 6yrs.of no accountability
yuppers

the government officials should be required to have the same health care as we the people.
lies lies tepub BS
And charging people a penalty tax for not having it is UNAMERICAN!
it is used by 10% of americans
polls say most people want to keep it
depends on the poll. MSNBC just reported on cable news only 1 in 10 people agree with Obamacare.
Instead of exaggerating perhaps use Truth. OC is failing say 100K people vs helping 20M. Still makes sense to repeal?
You don't have to collapse entire system to fix a portion of it...ESPECIALLY since it will hurt majority of people
It has kept costs down and allowed people to have insurance and get medical care. GOP has failed to fix any issues.
DAH!  Talk talk talk. I, not anyone I know has heard anyone happy with OBAMACARE. PERSONALLY I can't have that name in my ears 4 rest life!
Failed me. Not affordable.
so tell us what the Senate will do other than talk about it as they have for the past six years.
OB care shifted funding free welfare healthcare directly 2 middle http://class.Now  middle class families cant afford insurance
your boss is failing the people
why is it the older generations seeking ways to destroy the future of the younger generation? John look behind you. >
why should my generation be responsible for paying your healthcare?
Dem states who don't have Medicaid for those who don't qualify for ACA,  why if it's so great? Missouri reps???????
nope not exactly true. My nephew had 2 surgeries he desperately needed. I know lots of people who love their ACA.
The Dems passed this POS without any collaboration and now it's imploding. Typical liberals then take two steps back.
and this is New News?
2 of my friends love it . .35 lost everything   w obamacare !!!! Inc full time work . Good job obama .you beat carter
; your party was invited to introduce your own healthcare plan years ago.  Where is it?  American people-still waiting.
INDIVIDUAL PLANS IN THE PAST WERE HORRIBLE and EXPENSIVE!  I know, because I had to buy the plans.
, no, Congress is failing us today, and has been for the last 8 years (at least).
no-the @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump failing America right now today ! #MendItDontEndIt #ACA
Right now I have to say the GOP is failing America. No healthcare, no woman's hc, no jobs, no ethics. Way to go GOO
Democrat Obama is still POTUS for 13 more damaging days.All branches of Gov wait for him to be gone.
Looking forward to TrumpCare!!
Pathetic. They're no better than the SJW left, who like to be victims but don't have any solutions.
has been failing the American people soon as it passed with all the lies and deceit from Obama of what he promised us
obamacare makes low income people sick. It forced them to take money from already strained budgets, cuts the resources
less money 4 food they avoid dr. Cuz they cant afford copays. Poverty /stress/ poor diet= sick americans on obamacare
Prior to Obamacare, individual plans were much more expensive, with high deductibles, and covered little.
All the people I know who hate obama care had no insurance before. They just don't pay their hospital bills like bums
what is Trumpcare? What does Trumpcare look like? How does Trumpcare work?
Obamacare has been the only place where most Americans can buy an individual plan. Only 1099 workers could prior.
Can we do anything about the ridiculous profit  margins for BIG PHARMA & HEALTH INSURANCE?They get richer-we get poorer
You've had close to 10yrs to find that solution but You’ve none. So I wonder why do we stick to these lies
obama care not failing people, racist white america just don't want something that obama created to work and have the
Republicans PREVENTED Govt form negotiating for lower drug costs. WE are the govt. Where's the free market here?
Gee, how long do you think it will be before they have a replacement? Never, the 12th of Never, Never Never Never???
Yep and so has congress for the past 6 years. Thanks for not helping
So what is the plan to sustain it then? There are some good aspects and Trump already said that. It is not sustainable!
THE FIRST ERROR OF THE HEALTH LAW WAS NAMED IT OBAMACARE
can we call Fox News state sponsored media yet? Propaganda
It needs to be tweaked, not repealed. Ask the American people what they want in plans, don't decide for them!
. I just paid arm and leg for 2 scripts. They said it all went up.
No its not. 30mil have healthcare that did not before. You have had years to do something better, but done nothing!
and I don't know how people are getting it through Medicaid people can't even afford their own a medication
ok johnny, repeal it and tell coal miners with black lungs that. iam sure they still want trump as president....

absolutely true you cannot keep your own doctor doctors won't even take Obamacare and mine went up
The U.S. Press and Congress are failing the people. America does not trust these last century con-artist or their Press
It has not failed everybody, only failed in states that did not embrace it from the beginning. My NYS plan is great!
Obama anything has failed America over the last 8 years!! Why should healthcare be different???
Please explain that to the cancer patients FINALLY able to get healthcare and the thousands of jobs the ACA created.Duh
Lost our INS=sd it was a Cadillac. NEW 1=MUCH more $$. Kept DR? HELL NO! Deducts=THRU THE DAMN ROOF!
blame the insurance company, not the ACA
nope, many more in my extended family=same thing! BHO's fault
Dropped my Mom's rate by half.  So it's likely your state didn't take all the ACA parts & U foot the bill
#FullRepeal #repealobamacare we dont need govt replacement never revisit Govt control of my healthcare !!
you are failing the American people
Lost our INS=sd it was a Cadillac. NEW 1=MUCH more $$. Kept DR? HELL NO! Deducts=THRU THE DAMN ROOF!! BHO/Dims fault!!
This is fact! Arizonans who had Blue Cross/Blue Shield lost all coverage on 12/31/16. Best to check your coverages.
Sadly there are too many Fox viewers who believe all these false statements being made by the GOP.
per CNBC news: only one in ten Americans believe Obamacare works. I'd say that's a few more than FOX viewers.
better ACA than Nothing which is what GOP want
Lost our INS=sd it was a Cadillac. NEW 1=MUCH more $$. Kept DR? HELL NO! Deducts=THRU THE DAMN ROOF! cnt use 0$
No kidding!!!! 
get rid of it
so repeal it. I dare you...
yes repeal it & I hope nothing ever gets passed the same way ever again, passed w/out reading shameful
