so this is what conservatism looks like now? Afraid to meet constituents & supporting hate filled propaganda sites? #LastTerm
FAKE NEWS
I can't believe you're sharing Breitbart news. Looking forward to replacing you after @tedcruz
Breitbart? Really?
#fakenews
.@JohnCornyn Really bad idea to connect yourself with a white nationalist site. When Trump eventually falls you're gonna want deniability
ah yes breitbart, former refuge for milo and home to place with headlines like "bill kristol, renegade jew"
"birth control makes women unattractive and crazy" "huma abedin most likely a saudi spy" "women should log off [the internet]"
more: breitbart referring to rape victims as having "slut's remorse," "women suck at interviews" "gabby giffords: human shield"
not only is this a news site you use for information, but its former executive chair is the chief strategist. feckless.
Did you really @BreitbartNews? You're officially an asshat! #FakeNews Cite something better Senator.true colors.
Senator, you have become nothing more than a sheeple blindly following your leader.  Town hall?
senator, you're seriously sharing Breitbart?  Your true colors are showing. #TownHall in TX!
At Breitbart "News"? HAHAHAHAHAHA "News" HAHAHAHAHAHA Too freaking funny! "News" HAHAHAHAHAHA
you are seriously tweeting breitbart?!?! Wtf is wrong with you? It's a racist white power publication!!!!!!!!!!!!
she's a woman? I thought Trump hated women! Apparently not...
not if they are white, attractive and will let him grab wherever he wants.
are you really going to look to that alt right hate site?
well journalism does not exist in your world. Noted.
I give her a month, poor thing
Let's have a #townhall We'll discuss #fakenews sources compared with #realfacts  It'll be fun.  Promise.
you lost me at Breitbart...
Flynn got 40k from Russia. How much 45 give U 1-19-17 CNN on live air? Or did U have direct line from Russia too?
Right, reputable news source there, unbiased and widely recognized.
@Rosie @FIRE_THE_FOOL @AynRandPaulRyan @washingtonpost  time for you to meet with your Texas constituents.
Seriously John? Can you not link to a well known white nationalist website? You can and should do better.
I know you think you are being all cute with that, you aren't. You just look petty and ridiculous mostly.
you'd think somebody who has to run for reelection on Trump's ticket might b more careful abt cuddling alt-right
so you have time for white nationalism but not a town hall? That seems awfully unamerican.
Breitbart is a media outlet. Not a viable news source.
Super #awkward that you're linked to each other. Don't we like to keep connections like that in the dark? #sad
come on now really?
Shows how ignorant you are reading news from Breitbart. When's the town hall? @JohnCornyn @BreitbartNews
. Brietbart News is FAKE news. It is a racist company and doesn't deserve your compliments. No re-election for you
In case you haven't heard, yet, linking to Breitbart makes you look like a kook. We deserve better.
I'd rather meet you at a #TownHall. And seriously John, @BreitbartNews is what you're reading.
Y R U deflecting? R U the even reading these tweets? #DoYourJob #investigatetrump #TownHall
Sir, srsly? U r quoting @BreitbartNews ?? Let's talk about those 11m ppl DJT wants to DEPORT. What about that?
Meet John Cornyn, Texas Senator in Hiding:
John, your legacy is going to be tied 4ever to this debacle. Now Breitbart. Help your constituents. Answer phone!
@jjwills2 @BreitbartNews > Hi Katie..
The ultra-right wing loves Katie Walsh.
LOL John, deflect, deflect by quoting an alt right source.  HA showing your true colors?  Not red BUT Yellow?
why do the publicized females all seem to be blond white women?
you're honestly, not ironically, tweeting a source that supports white nationalists. HOLD A TOWN HALL. Coward.
I see your not hiding what you are linking to Breitbart news
Tomorrow link to Info-Wars
Are you not embarrased to share a Breitbart News link to your constituents.
All hate from breitbart and now one of their former editors supporting child abuse. You site them?#Constituent
- Breitbart is not credible source. Following this week's Town Halls around the US? When will you be holding one? #CowardCornyn
Thank you. I'll also see what the moderate sources have to say.
I'm not clicking on that.
It keeps coming!! Go POTUS, congrats Katie, welcome to Team Trump, Best Wishes.
I would prefer you cite credible sources while working for the people of Texas; tin foil hats don't look good on public employee
Hold a town hall, tough guy.
Obvious question: So how is she connected to the Kremlin?
That must be some job. I'll be praying for her. In the meantime when is the #TownHall  for constituents?
you just linked to Breitbart. You really just did that. So I guess you do stand for something
RU kidding me? Breitbart? You need an exorcism. Then, meet w/constituents!! Maybe you can make some sense after.
wow!Wonderful to have someone like Katie in that job.  Thanks for the article.
And let's sight Breitbart as your source. Really Senator? Use your Republican brain and get away from this rag.
Is she the one who scheduled Bannon  to undercut the VP with the EU? Job well done!
