Fake excitement
Will you be meeting with any ordinary constituents?
Town Hall in Fort Worth to discuss health care?
town Hall Comrade ? we're still waiting.......
I'll go. Just let me know. When and where. Love to see and meet you. Much to talk about.  Star Wife.
Great!  We're available to meet with you any time you want to schedule a townhall! #DOYOURJOB
Are you meeting with your constituents?
Will you be meeting with constituents to discuss healthcare?
Are you bring a bill with you or nah?
Looking forward to the town hall!  When is that going to be?
So then you're having a town hall. Great...where and when?
Will you be meeting with constituents in Houston to talk about the senate health care bill?
Cornyn is begging for voters to shadow him with protests wherever he appears. The ultimate goal is to force his resignation.
town hall finally???  i mean, really....come on...
Will you be holding any town hall meetings? Your constituents are STILL waiting.
When is the townhall
Dallas townhall, please!
Texas is slightly less excited. It's clear you no longer listen to or work for your constituents best interests. You are owned by big donors
When and where are the own hall meetings?
#ShowUsTheBill looking forward to your town hall that I am sure you are setting up.  Please listen To us-your constituents.
So, when is the town hall in the Houston area?
I know I will be working hard with many others to get you out of office to self Grand eising no ability to compromise.
Gotta get an early start on those fundraisers, amirite?
What time will your town halls be?  Which office will you be at?
Great! When can we expect your town halls?
Time for town halls, or just more photo ops?
Your constituents need to talk to you john boy. When will you be holding town halls?
Sounds great!!  Will you also be seeking outside legal help in the Russian probe?
So you'll be making yourself available to your constituents to answer healthcare questions, correct?
To meet with your constituents? Nah. Not you. You have made it clear you don't give a single sh*t about your constituents. Big $ John.
If it's not for a town hall, we don't care.

Great! When are the town halls?? A lot of people want to talk to you. #coward
Where is your town hall schedule? #ShowUsTheBill and stop #CornynLies Come on TX, hold him accountable. VOTE this guy out. COMPLACENT!
Great! What time are you meeting with your constituents?
And where can we find a list of your scheduled town halls?
Stay away!
more fake news!
When is the Town Hall?
Town hall meeting soon?
So when is your #texastownhall #txtownhall #coward
Are you going to talk to your constituents while you're here? Because we have been calling and writing and showing up. You work for us.
Please come and talk to your constituents about the GOP's top secret health care plan. The one nobody wants but you guys.
Nice to work 4-day weeks...
Will you be returning to D.C.? Asking for a concerned nation.
We just house hunted in Clear lake City & know whst you mean ! Be Safe Senator! #MAGA
I can't wait to vote you out of office.
Welcome home.
When and where are you having a town hall?  I'd love to come.
When & where is your town hall discussing health insurance? Would love to attend.
Will you be having a town hall?
Where's tax reform going?
Where's the healthcare bill going?
So when and where is the town hall? I have property. We can do it here. I'll provide snacks. Call me!
Where is you town hall being held? Would love to talk to you about #Trumpcare
Please advise us of your town hall schedule!
Will you be meeting with your constituents to discuss the proposed healthcare law?
Will there be any town halls anywhere around Texas? I'm willing to travel.
Thank you Americans for paying for my travel
Please no. Go somewhere else
Are you meeting with your constituents to discuss healthcare? Or just the usual rounds of photo ops?
When will you come to Dallas for a town hall? We'd love to see you!
Why bother? You don't represent us any more.
We get that you have a new reason not to do TH but beef up security & do it anyway. That is your job. You work for TX, not for your boy 45.
Too bad @JohnCornyn doesn't care about actual Texans. #CanCornyn2020 #LoseCruz2018
Awesome, would love to meet up and discuss a few things.  Any chance of that happening?
Can't wait to discuss AHCA with you at an ATX town hall!
When are you meeting with constituents to reveal your secret healthcare bill?  If its so great, you should be sharing it.
To talk with constituents? To work on climate change? Medicare for all? Hope springs eternal!!!
Why do you avoid your constituents?
If the new health care plan is so great, why are you doing it in secret? Why will you not share with your constituents?
Why are voting to repeal the ACA and uninsure 24million people?
When will you hold a townhall?
Do you know what's in the healthcare bill? Do you care? Are you going to vote for your ego or the wellbeing of the people? Woo hoo
.@IndivisibleHTX. This is likely United 551 flying into IAH. Anyone nearby for an impromptu town hall with @JohnCornyn to ask about AHCA?
When's the town hall on health care and the investigation into Trump and why you won't let us see his tax returns??? #countryOverParty 
So, @jslovegrove seeing all these comments? Hope you'll write a story soon. John's constituents need to see him.
But not to your town halls? When is the first public hearing on AHCA? Markups? Amendment period?
Wonderful! Looking forward to meeting with you! Will your staff be able to give us your schedule?
Yay! Holding any town halls while you're here?
Please stay away! We know you will not do any #TownHalls!!!!
Are you having a town hall meeting???  
I'll be contacting Beth Nelson in your DC office to register my complaints about your secret health care bill. Again. #priorities
When will you be meeting with constituents?
- Whoo hoo, we can't wait to discuss healthcare with you at a Town Hall! Where & when?
?  Don't they sell scotch in DC?   Or are you here to cash some checks?
Who cares, it is not like you meet your constituents
Hurray! You're coming home & tell us all about the #AHCA & hear our concerns & answer our questions b/c you really care about oh wait
Great! What is your town hall schedule?

GREAT! Where is the town hall when we can discuss the secret healthcare bill?
Town Hall?
Dang, I visited your Austin office 1 day too soon. I'm sure you'll be there all day today discussing AHCA details w/ confused constituents.
Great! Are you bringing your ears so you can listen to your constituents or is it hide and seek again? #AHCA
Will you bring a copy of the secret healthcare bill with you? Guessing not. You're not representing constituents. Only @GOP and yourself.
May as well go to Texas. You don't do anything right in D.C.
And will you have a town hall in Houston?  That's the question of the day!
Not working with your friends in secret today on healthcare?
Always  giving a us a a lecture on taking from the goverment.But you can not even work 5 days a week
where in TX?
Will you be meeting with your constituents this time?
Thanks for the warning.
Hope you'll meet with constituents in a healthcare town hall!
So when & where is the #townhall?? We need you to #ShowUsTheBill!! Why all the secrecy? Why do you hate your constituents so much??
Let me guess: headed to the border again to check on Trump's boondoggle wall. @indivisibleATX
Maybe you can stop by yr Houston office and listen to messages in yr full voicemail box. Or answer the phone yourself. Listen to Tx voices!
Great!  Coffee with constituents at 10:30???
When will you meet with your constituents? We're anxious to talk healthcare with you.
Democracy dies in darkness. Stop hiding the AHCA.
Can't wait to hear about the health care bill.
Hey @KPRC2 @KHOU check out these comments
Are you planning a town hall? ?
Welcome home!
Hope you'll announce a Houston town hall.
He's given away his flight's departure time. Wouldn't take much to figure out when to meet him at the airport. (Just saying.)
I will bet my 1 dollar bill to your 100 dollar bill that you are not coming to meet with your constituents.
Healthcare, immigration, tax reform, gun control, & more 4 townhalls across Texas. Afraid to meet w/voters? Explain.
Millions of Texans will be impacted by that secret healthcare bill. #ShowUsTheBill
Thanks for the warning. I'll  head to Matamoros
I echo my fellow Texans, when's the town hall to talk about the super-secret Health Care Bill you all want to inflict upon us.
When is the #townhall to go over this bill you plan to shove on us w/o any expert or public review #ShowUsTheBill
.@SecPriceMD admits he hasn’t seen the secret Senate plan to repeal health care for millions of Americans – what is the @SenateGOP hiding? 
C'mon Senator you're a Texan... it ain't 'woo hoo'. It's 'Yee Haw'....
When and where is the town hall? Or will you just be meeting with wealthy donors?
When is the healthcare town hall?
I sure would like to visit with you while you're here, John.
You can hold a town wall! Woot!
Our 'beloved' Texas Senator have shown only those who can throw $$$ at their feet matter to them. @tedcruz  and @JohnCornyn.
Unfortunately this is only too true. We're seeing it play out before our eyes with the healthcare bill. Rather, we *aren't seeng it.
For a town hall?
While you are home, how about holding a town hall so we can hear about plans for healthcare? Why so secretive?
Still not having a town hall?
Safe travels.
Great!  When and where will your first #TownHall be?
plan on meeting with any constituents or just meeting with donors @MSNBC @indtx36 @DFWIndivisible @indivisibletxjc
Where will you be hiding?
Maybe he'll go hide under his special rock. Lol
We are DAL to Corpus for a fishing/beach weekend.
Coming in for a town hall?
You picked the best destination though. So there's that.
Maybe it is time to secure our border.
