Name one thing the Republicans have done in first 100 days to protect the people, the 99% of us who are not billionaires.
Let's look at the GOP Death Party's 1st 100 days, shall we? Or I suspect u'd rather not......Party of clowns! 
Goes to show what a waste of time and tax paying money the dem-libs in D.C. are.
Deflect all you like.  2018 is looming!
wow. Poorly written and is not a productive article. Is this how u spend ur time?
STOP- this is embarassing. You control the House, Senate and WH and it's still the Dems fault. We aren't that stupid.
How's #45's first 100 days working out for you?
How your party can control the White House, house, and senate and blame the Dems for getting nothing done is absurd. Own your own mess.
You certainly seem to read a lot of muckraking tabloids, Senator.
Muckraking is too kind. They're generally muckforming tabloids.
Proud to be a democrat that believes in standing for what's right not how much I'm paid for my vote
#LastTermCornyn
And why aren't you talking about the orange overlord's #First100Days ? #hypocrite #DoYourJob #resist
Ahh falling back on the ole "blame Dems for Repub shortcomings" routine eh? Can't blame ya. It's tried and true. 

HOLD A TOWN HALL JOHN
sure, focus on the party that is not in power. Idiot. #VoteTheBumsOut
Seriously? Complaining about obstruction after the GOP made it a career? Absurd.
Your party holds the WH, Senate, and Congress. How do Democrats have anything to do with 45's 1st 100 days? Except to deflect blame
& here I thought the republicans were supposed to be the party of personal responsibility. I guess you meant for other people:
Once again, freebeacon is a conspiracy tabloid. Get better sources.
Agree Ms. Christine.  Indivisible John, your analysis means nothing to us.  You don't even have the guts to hold a Town Hall in Houston.
John Cornyn DO NOT send anymore tweets when you are in Port A @ a freaking sandcastle contest. 2)
I have no concern abt what water is going to wash away; nor do we want a Border Wall; we want good healthcare & tax reform. 3)
What are you trying to prove? You are not working for me with that ugly talk.
your president doesn't care about the first 100 days, or are you calling him a liar?
Better than trump's first 1000 days
GROW UP @JohnCornyn  for God's sake work for all Texans and Americans.
I think our country is experiencing a political awakening because of the awful elected into office. The repercussions are going to be huge
Also, this is an odd story to promote. Would rather see my congressmen striving for uniting their constituents and listening to us.
Disgusted with how u drive the division in our country. Do your only job:represent the interests of the people of TX #WorstPublicServantEver
He's just there for the multiple pay checks and sweet health benefits.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know is your name masked in investigation
Serioysly sir. You can't blame a party that has no control right now. It's like you are letting them take a vacation. Pass legislation!
The @GOP has been in charge for 100 days and completely spit in the face of all facts against their falsehoods.
Let's hope their constituents are watching.
Add...FBI& CIA have investigation into POTUS for Treason, only Dems cared
GOP spent 100 days ignoring treason &putting us all in harms way.
OMG!!!! STOP IT!!!!!!!  Your partisan attacks are pathetic and sad! You and your republican friends are in charge. DO YOUR JOB!!
You have GOT to be kidding me. You are such a crybaby. You guys have both houses of Congress and the Oval Office, and still can't execute.
Interesting point of view. Looks like both 100 day report cards receive an "F". But in the past 1,460 day prior Rs were the obstructionists.
Really Senator?! U look more desperate & pathetic with every tweet. Pls DO YOU JOB & stop with this deflecting nonsense.
As a live long law abiding Texan who strives to be a good citizen & person, I find ur partisanship, as my Senator, scary & offensive.
Typical. Free Beacon has a very strong right wing bias, often publishes misleading headlines, & has published a completely fake story.
GOP is in charge. Repeat. What have your party accomplished?
Despite being the ruling party, you blame the opposition. Some senators and representatives actually listen to the constituency.
Partisan hack
Focus on your first 100 days this session, Maj Whip. Legislative agenda? Immigration reform? Wall? NAFTA? Focus on what you do; not Dems.
Blocked repeal/replacement of ACA. Seems like a good accomplishment to me.
Nice attempt at deflection but last time I checked the Republicans fully controlled two, arguably three, of our three branches of govt.
https://www.senate.gov/reference/reference_index_subjects/Rules_and_Procedure_vrd.htm …
Stop your party loyalty...Trump Russia independent investigate
Wow. The republicans control both houses and it is the democrats fault. You can fool some of the people ALL of the time
John - Texas is a mess. Are you going to help us or continue to hurt us?
The democrats aren't in full control of the government, republicans are, and have achieved nothing. Stop trying to distract.
Do everything but accept responsibility for Trump.
&. The GOP can't govern!
You can't stop talking about Dems despite your party holding both houses and presidency. What have you done for your constituents, sir?
-  You can stop fighting & blaming Obama and start governing any day now! Maybe start w/ whether 45 committed treason?
People in glass houses John.
@FreeBeacon 
Worst. 
100.
Days.
Ever.

Sad.

#SwampOfLiars 
#RESISTANCE
I'm a Republican,  you are an EMBARRASSMENT. WHAT has the Republican Congress and Senate passed re Trump agenda? ZERO , u All need to be OUT
Comrade, we will remember you put party over country for 100 days. You are on Senate Intelligence committee, what are you doing for Truth
Your deflection is a sign of weakness. And that you know just how weak you are.
GOP has both houses of Congress and the presidency. How's your 100 days?
What about Cornyn's 100 days? What have you done for Texans? How have you addressed the needs of ALL citizens in US?
Whistling past the graveyard Senator. Wait until the worm turns.
Seeing how this Administration has done nothing but cause chaos, I don't think I'd be on here posting articles abt another party.
Lol. How sad that you can't celebrate Heir Trump's first 100 days that you have to turn on the Democrats. Comrade Cornyn, boo.
Dems lead for last 8. Your turn . Waiting to see what your party can do. Let's not change the narrative. Lead , follow or get out the way
You &?the GOP & Trump all want to deflect from the #trumprussia connection. T rattling sabers. You & GOP blame Ds. History will not be kind.
Trump seems to want us at war w NK now? Alarming statement last night. How do you feel abt that? The world is worried.
Wow. Poor Cornyn & GOP hold both houses & those mean Dems keep holding them back w their minority. Partisan much?
