BS. 2016 #TX avg $2.07. 2017 started out $2.16 and today it's sitting at $2.15! Oh, wait, you meant barrel $ which affects YOU/investors.
He's a shill. Always had been.  Sad really.
It's sad
How so many seemingly intelligent people can sell themselves & conveniently lose all morality is beyond me Absolutely no #MeaCulpa
John is an extremist and has become the very thing he portends to despise. And he's an arrogant m'fer. Can we recall him? Shitty man.
Yep. Obama's the man!
answer your phone

@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
As many have noted, Thanks Obama!  Will you wrote a piece two years from now when the economy is crashing due to your policies?
not where I live. Gas prices were cheaper before the election.
Same!
Weird. Gas is up a dollar per gallon since this time last year, here in Central Texas.
I'm guessing that coal mine that opened today is not pleased.
Yep. Do you regret selling your soul to Big Oil yet. Those are the only interests you seem to care about.
Green energy jobs are looking up!!!  Too bad your not on the right side of progress.
Nat Gas you mean.Gasoline was $1.75 after @BarackObama cut the Iran deal and lifted sanctions so they could sell oil to EU ,Japan ,China
Thank you President Obama!!!
Thank Obama! Pssst. Don't tell #Cornynhole and @realDonaldTrump - they'll want to raise prices because Obama made it happen.
I blame Obama!
Not in Waco, Texas, home to your constituents.  Just saying.
Where? In TX they're the same.
Where??? Certainly not in Houston.
Thank You Obama. Your green energy brought demand down
My bad. I thought you were talking about natural gas. Great!
I hear your working with Sessions on the testimony for tomorrow.  trying to give him cover?  We will find out just how in the pocket you are
Thank you for proving me right with you working with sessions before hand to know so much about what he did, hell even more than he did.
I was paying less than $2 a gallon when Obama was in office. Now I am paying over $2. Where is this cheaper gas? It's not in Houston.
Nothing in the blog states why they believe the prices will fall. And last year you could find places in #Texas selling gas for $1.59 a gal
Thanks Obama @POTUS44
Where? Lies. Lies. Like we can't see #s at the pumps! You, sir, are a criminal & danger to America. CLEAR YOUR AN MACHINES #loyaltypledge
The Oil Glut gets the credit for low prices. Supply and demand rules the market along with OPEC manipulation..not Trump or the Republicans.
Right. Of course coal jobs will come back; why wouldn't you want to use more expensive fuels.
Damn-that may cut into your contibutions, huh.
Contributions
Thank you Obama!
Thank you, President Obama.
I assume you ran this thru your Fake News-A-Tron 2000 and it came out clear?   Keep the self-serving, I mean the real, news coming.
Tell that to the vendors in North Arlington from #pricegouging
How is this good for the oil & gas industry in Texas? Will you ever make any attempt to address the issues facing Texas' declining economy?
Not across American. So deceptive
Remember when they soared right after W nearly tanked the economy and Obama took office and you blamed him? That's what I thought.
Time to move on to renewables!
That's a shame, we need it to rise so ignorant people can make their mind wrap around another kind of energy!
GOP deflection & injustice, never before seen low!
Stop hiding the healthcare bill.  You and Mitch are not fooling anyone.  WE SEE YOU!  Oh and thanks President Obama for  price!
This is not the text of the healthcare bill we've asked you repeatedly to release. Signed, a CONSTITUENT in Texas.
Funny, just filled up and paid more than I've paid in nearly a year.
Thanks Obama!
Thanks Obama
Sorry...but I've seen it lower ...why are you trying so hard to distract?  Is it that you are going to repeal the ACA on the sly? #texasblue
Yes Thanks Obama!!
Oh, are you taking a break from hiding in that dark room making plans to take health insurance away from millions of Americans? #enjoy
$2.15 here in Martin county Florida. 
If your not near the Richie Rich areas. Lol
Drill baby drill, why?  Why do we need to drill in the Arctic, or the Gulf?  We have plenty of oil, and need to get prices up a bit.
Oh yeah and, Thanks, Obama.  Remember when conservatives said gas prices would go up to $10/gal under Obama? Pfffftttt....
Be thankful daily that you work for the government, John. I'd be fired if I spent as much time on Twitter at work as you do.
Thanks Obama!
And you want to increase supply why?  Do your donors fear their reserves will become stranded assets?
Bingo!
Obama did that.
Thank you, Obama!
What's price of GOP gaslighting? 
Where's that Texas townhall schedule 4 regular folks? How can a Maj Whip be afraid 2 meet?
Yup, and Fed fuel tax income to suffer justifying Trump's plan to sell America to the highest bidder.  Poor & working class still suffers
NOT IN UTAH!!!
Everywhere but MEXIFORNIA!!!!!!!!!
Not in #Houston Big John
Sooooo ... you're colluding and practicing deceptive tactics with Sessions for his upcoming questioning? Shame on both you TRAITORS!!
Fuel economy standards had an impact on this, don't you think?
We're still not distracted-Stop sabotaging #ACA & fund CSRs #ShowUsTheBill #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
"Will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?" Senator @clairecmc asked today in the Finance Cmte. You should watch: #Trumpcare 
Really because a few months ago I was paying under 2 bucks a gallon and now I am paying over 2 bucks a gallon!
Obama's economy
And oh yeah! THANK YOU PRESIDENT OBAMA!!!!! I'm sure gas prices will be sky high by the time the clown's impeached! #fakepresident
We are happy to see the plunge. I am doing everything in my power to see this glut fairly priced for consumers. We get the raw end of deals!
Thanks Obama !
Thanks Obama
Low gas prices?  Why is this a bad thing for the real American people? U know, the ones who dont have money in oil.
Oil is a world commodity that the President controls as much as he controls the weather.
How's that Qatar thing working out for you?
Pass that disastrous healthcare bill and ppl will make sure you never represent Texas again. Except maybe in a jail cell
Wow, that's funny, because so did you. Ya #CheetoDefender
Omg! Who cares when all of our money will have to go to healthcare once you pass your disasterous AHCA aka as Deathbill, Trumpcare, Repubcar
Yes, that's why Putin/Rosneft bought your traitorous GOP, you sold out America to line your pockets
Amazing when demand is low, prices drop. Thanks @BarackObama for those regulations improving gas mileage.
Not in effect til 2025.
Well, then there is time.
I'm upset about that too.  Inherited oil stocks.  Your gamble on Trump has failed.  Country over Party
Thanks Obama
A Russian protesters got his teeth knocked out today.  Will Trump praise Putin for this too?
Thanks, Obama!
They need to go much lower, they're still high
Then WTF are the GOP looking to drill offshore and in ANWR?
Thanks Obama!
