Great work ethic you have, John. Perhaps, unlike you, he took his oath of office to defend the Constitution seriously. #SunshinePatriot
Comey disregarded Presidential election results, looked way as BO Admin deployed Nat'l Security Agencies to abuse power. Comey is a threat.
When will you resign due to dereliction of duty to your Texas constitutes?
Vote him out! And look to @BetoORourke who is trying to kick Cruz out!
when are you going to resign? Comey is excessively more trustworthy than Trump (proven liar) U support Trump-when do u resign?
Cornyn - you better be careful. You usually sit on the fence and follow the tides. Trump is going down, & you appear to want to go with him.
Why are you turning this on Comey?? When will U & other @GOP members put country b4 party?? America is watching, Senator.
You. Suck.
He had a duty to his country. You should try it sometime.

So agree. He drafted a letter in 2004 for a much less offense. This is #CYAGrandstanding. Hillary would have fired him Day 1.
The Congress needs to  act to counteract Russian interference in the politics and elections of the United States. Where is the urgency?
You've sold your soul for MAFIA DON The CON & that sin will cost you dearly, senator, if not in this life then in the next. Was it worth it?
So you took the "blame the victim" line of defense from the rnc playbook.  shocking.
Country before party
No he shouldn't have
The POTUS should do the same.
You need to get the senate quit play the dems games
@JohnCornyn is joined at the hip to lying Russian cohort Donald Trump.
You should resign you ridiculous embarrassment.
Typical patriarchal victim blaming from the GOP. Same rules you apply to sexual assault victims, not surprising.
But you're okay with Sessions, Kushner, and Flynn all hiding meetings with Russia?
Texans are not weak lapdogs. Where did you lose your spine?
Why are you so busy asking irrelevant questions about HRC? Then gonna pretend you have a spine?
Disagree.  Trump should resign for interfering in Flynn investigatiion.  Hold him accountable.
You should resign,you have lost all integrity.

MR Cornyn I loved the questions you asked and how you asked them you seemed to have backed him into a corner I wish you had more time
Cop quitting because he thinks he has witnessed crimes isn't really how that works.
My mom, a lifelong Republican until now, watched you yesterday. She called you a "rat" & a "traitor." Says she'll never vote R again.
Wow, my boss is 72 and a lifelong republican said something similar. She said her party is morally bankrupt and an embarrassment.
Tell her she's not alone!
What? ..and leave America vulnerable to more Russian invasions. I question your patriotism, Sir. You are too close the POTUS to be trusted.
Wrong! The FBI director cannot be a partisan hack like you.
#CountryOverParty
When you believe there are bad actors in government, you don't bail out and let them run things.
False narrative Senator.  Comey served the Nation not Trump.  Why in the face of a potentially corrupt administration would he resign?
So should you resign, as you are also supporting a dubiously ethical, legally compromised administration? Or we will vote u out!
and so should Trump
I hope you're enjoying playing the fiddle while our country burns.
1. Why were you late? 2. Why didn't you ask about the prepared testimony that was provided to you?
Come on John you're supposed to a Republican not carrying water for the Trump wackos. #TXVoter
@JohnCornyn Go on record about Sessions lying to Senate abut Russian influence. Don't gut Frank-Dodd. Give us healthcare and town halls

Why resign? He saw himself as protecting the American people from a credible threat... you however enable that threat. I hop Trump pays well
In law enforcement you don't shy away from your duty. If you are a political hack you should resign.
You don't want to get it.
He stayed on to make a difference. To avoid Trump putting a flunkie in his place.
A man who freezes in the face of injustice, then tries to make it right is much better than a man who ignores injustice for his own benefit.
really and left the investigation to a person chosen by the corrupt administration?  Shame on you
Congress is a check on the Executive Branch, not an extension of it.  Or is supposed to be -- @GOP has ceded its authority.
You should resign since you clearly have abdicated your congressional duties to protect Americans and serve its Constitution.
It is clear now to TX, USA & the entire world that #JohnCornyn has his mouth firmly wrapped around trump's d**k. Please resign now.
You literally could not have made a more assinine statement.
You should resign now if you believe Texas believes YOU
Had this scenario occured between a town mayor and a chief of police; what would you think then?
