Both of you. Stay in DC
ugh and bleh!
Even during a time such as this, the vitriolic bitterness & hatred is being put on display by some of these tweets... 
Don't!
Just a photo op for you there JOHN, just retire and get out of the people who really do the works way!
That's just yet another incredibly poor choice by this administration.
Why?  We already have a disaster why bring another? I'm sure we will see you like 2" behind him on all photo ops.
He is not welcome in Texas.
Would rather he not. His empty words offer no comfort whatsoever and his ego will surely distract from real rescue efforts going on.
Stay in DC and give Red Cross the money saved.
Only his cronies want him here. What is he gonna do? Besides golf on the water.
You take him to Lubbock, Amarillo, El Paso. Keep him the hell out of the way.
#Harvey
#TrumpIsNuts
NO! We do not want him in the panhandle. Perhaps he shld be shown where the storm originated, and left there.
No thanks!

Here's the vote for Sandy aid. 179 of the 180 no votes were Republicans. I count at least 20 Texas Republicans. 

http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2013/roll023.xml … 
Nah.... Just send Fema, no photo ops necessary besides .... there are no gold plated toilets at the shelters & the golf courses are flooded,
What airport is he using? Peeps here wanna fly out too.
We have suffered enough. Keep him in DC & use $ trip would have cost to help victims. He is not wanted here.

Bad idea.
WHY?! NOT A GOOD IDEA!
#JohnCornyn voted AGAINST disaster relief. #Texans deserve better. Common sense #Republicans going blue for #texas
Thanks POTUS for visit. Which fake news network is first to make racist/bigot accusation of Pres. & disaster relief, it's coming. I say CNN
Hypocrite much?
Tell him not to come!
We don't want him and his pathetic grandstanding in our state. Stand with him and you're against Texans.
Maybe more humanity going fwd when voting?!  http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/348015-cruz-cornyn-back-texas-governors-request-for-disaster-declaration?amp ….
Impeach trump don't let him in Texas.
it's time to fully implement the presidents agenda. Not some con to try to fool us.
Keep him away!
How about y'all praise our local officials and first responders instead of patting yourselves on the back. These men and women are ...
... risking their lives while y'all are signing papers
Good photo op for you.

Funny how you guys hate the #FederalGovernment until you need help.
Texans don't want him here while this disaster is going on. He should know better
...Add 45 is cutting FEMA budget. How do you justify backing him seeing your fellow Texans in pain now??
@SenTedCruz Are you going to tell @potus that you won't be needing any assistance? Remember Hurricane Sandy?
Maybe you could ask him about this rollback??
From natural disaster to human disaster.
Leave the Play-Do and electoral maps at Mar-a-Lago please
We'd rather he stay away, thanks.
If only he cancelled his fucking vacation he could've done something sooner.
Daylight reveals the extent of flooding in Houston #hurricane #harvey #Houston buffalobayoupark #flood #flooding #weather.You are trulya POS
Texas is closed. No. No photo ops. My friends in Port Aransas have lost their homes and businesses.
Would rather he play golf somewhere. "Don't mess with Texas."
You must be so excited! your Führer and master is coming! Pucker up there's a lot of orange to kiss
Charities need donations for flood victims but Donnie's gotta blow extra $3 million for a photo op? Can't Trump just PhotoShop the pix?
Because our first responders will have nothing better to do on Tuesday than guard his out-of-touch self. Ugh.
Hopefully its just a fly over so that the rescue efforts don't have to come to a stop to provide him a photo op.
Tell @realDonaldTrump to stay in his golden palace. We don't need him here.
More PR campaigning. Jesus man. Here's how people can actually help.
***UPDATED LIST*** Volunteers needed after 5:30pm today only if you can get to the @GRBCC safely #houstonstrong #harvey #donationsneeded 
POTUS could help bail water the left would tell he did not do it fast or long enough
Is this the same intrusive govt you rail against?
Please no, we've already been through enough
Wow john- you really need to read the responses here- you and trump are snout as welcome as #harvey in tx @all100senators @txlege
Are you serious now?
Hell yeah we're serious. We don't need that traitor trash abusing our resources.  We have more important things going on than stroking ego.
Haven't we been through enough already!
So is this why people are trapped and dying for a lack of emergency marine/amphibious resources? To the point of begging for private boats?
Do you think he'll bring maps of his electoral college win??
Do you think he'll talk about building the wall??
Ooh ooh I bet he threatens NAFTA again.
I really hope he tells all our emergency responders that Sheriff Joe and Sheriff Clark are role models. "Buy the book!"
Maybe he'll bring some campaign hats!
No, wait, I forgot: Play-doh. He's gonna bring us Play-doh.
Does this mean you will stop the tax cut bs now John ? Texans need help! Budgets shouldn't matter in times like now!
Jeez john - last thing we need is another asshole in town diverting help from those who need it- so far response is zero @all100senators
is he bringing play dough?
You voted against Hurricane Sandy aid, but want/expect it for Texas. You're an ingrate.
Tell your lunatic leader to care about Hurricane Harvey victims and not books, Missouri, or himself.
After @potus signed the executive order gutting flood coverage protections, he can stay WAY away from Houston. Did you pat him on the back?
Thanks! Don't get to tell you that much because you do so little, so I thought taking this opportunity was the right thing to do #TrumpTrain
Why? Why would Trump come? Not kidding. That $10m + could go to rebuilding efforts.
Hey John. Remember Hurricane Sandy John?!
Global warming is real
Who's heading FEMA John? Thanks to @realDonaldTrump no one is heading FEMA John.
Fuck that.
I'm sure the use of assets for this visit won't be missed. Just one more example of Trump making it about him.
Where is he landing? Can we choose?
What have they done yet??
Tell him to stay home, like we need to worry about a presidential visit during all this chaos. Just send the troops
to discuss climate change?

We don't want Trump in Texas John, tell him to keep his Russian ass in Washington!!! @realDonaldTrump
Get some climate scientists from UT, A&M, or U of H explain to him the assoc btwn ocean temp & hurricane intensity.Climate change is real.
Houston will still be in middle of tropical storm.  We don't a need a good job brownie moment we need help
Hey brainiac, are you paying attention? Tues we'll be getting the 2nd landfall.  Last thing we need is that circus clown using up resources.
What will he accomplish? It'll be a photo-op for you & @GovAbbott will cause statistical mayhem for 1st responders. 'Good Luck' may b better
I wonder if he'll bring crayons like he did for Hurricane Matthew?  #LoserTrump
Local LEO will get pulled from doing thier JOB to protecting Nutcase 6.   Contact Fraud, Waste, & Abuse hotline http://www.gsa.gov/fraudnet 
On Friday, trump said he was coming to #Texas on Monday. On Monday will he say Wednesday? Enough is enough. #TownHall to discuss? #Harvey
Haven't we had enough disasters?
Don't we need all our personal helping the victims of Harvey ? He's one disaster too many.
Please tell him not to!!! Please!!!
What about the self-sufficiency of the "Republic of Texas?"
Too soon for him to do anything other than a flyover. Houston doesn't need a presidential motorcade at Hardy Toll (or 45) and 610.
Can we graciously decline his offer?  We're better without the storm he stirs up
Why graciously? He's never gracious to anyone, but himself. Just stay the hell away.
In Texas, we use manners regardless of who you are.  At least thats how I was taught although I'm tried here lately
In CA if some1's a terrible person they Rn't entitled 2 NE1's respect, deference/social niceties, regardless of status. We dont cater 2 that
@JohnCornyn, @tedcruz

"At a boy" Trump , huh John? Hello?


Texas senators who voted against aid for Hurricane Sandy ask for federal assistance ahead of Hurricane Harvey http://hill.cm/xHJJk36  
A good opportunity to talk to him about the Paris Accord.  #climatechange
Fix this.
Funny, John. You voted no on Hur Sandy money. NOW you want money for TX. Why is this? I know: because of your hypocrisy. What a tool.
It's disgusting @JohnCornyn  and @tedcruz didn't vote to help with Sandy. Houston opened our arms to NOLA. We don't vote for these jerks.

Please NO!!
Today would be a good day to investigate .@JohnCornyn.
Guess since you are against aid to Seniors, u laughed at picture of them sitting in flooded room
Don't you mean " Super Storm Sandy" it was. Cat 1. Harvey was a Cat 4. That's a super storm
There was plenty of flooding after Sandy--disaster is disaster.
He said he'd stay away until he didn't intefere with relief efforts. So, relief efforts will be done by Tuesday?
Great coordination would have been evacuation, not leaving senior sitting in nursing home under water. Poor planning.
Are you from here?  Did you evacuate during Rita???
You guys are a bunch of hypocrites. party over Country all you know
Well isn't that just ducky. If you think of it, remind him of global warming: >ocean temps, > trapped heat, >ice shelf melt, > fossil fuel
Vomit.
Nice ass kissing both of you are doing to get them federal dollars!

#RememberSuperStormSandy
Thanks for nothing, Cornyn. Just another reason to vote you out of office.
I thought Texans were a strong group. Sure seeing a bunch of whiny whimps on here.
REALLY? How big will he say his crowd was? They do not want him there!
Getting close! (Does tweeting Abbott count?)
https://twitter.com/rambler_atx/status/901898824939167745 …
So he can whine about the media .While you get a photo opp Maybe him and his kids can stop vacationing every weekend and donote to Texas
If 45s response is so good why are you begging anyone with a boat to help? Texas citizens are drowning and your protecting trump. Pathetic.
*you're.

No no please do not come. 45 and John want their pictures taken together for ego pumping. We need men in work clothes pushing trash.
FOR A PHOTO OP.  Propaganda!  He,  like you is utterly useless.
What have you been doing John other than tweeting dog stories?
No! Don't give him the photo op. He has done nothing.
just when you thought things couldn't get any worse...
Better than Obama coming here
Do you have some sort of hidden love for Obama? You are the only one mentioning him. It's totally okay of you do. Lots of ppl do love him.
tell him this texan still wonders if he thinks climate change is a chinese conspiracy.
Lol, to do what? he is "Do nothing" president... hahahahaha is he going to Cyber-bully the water out?
Maybe he'll command the water to leave like Obama would. Then you'd be wetting your pants
Can't say 2words without naming Obama, precious. don't get mad he'll probably say "This's the most beautiful storm ever" n Ucan wet ur pants
we don't want Trump's sorry ass in Texas.  tell him to go golfing...  #ImpeachTrump
You do not speak for everyone in this great state.
Great. Maybe he can tell us more about how big his margin was in Texas last November! That's what the people swimming in Houston want!
Really? Are you serious?!
Great, ask him why he did this during a hurricane....#CensureTrump #Censure  #HR496
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
It's all about you guys. Stroking each other.
It would be best if he stayed the hell out of Texas.
Do you live in Texas? You don't sound like a Texan
Thank God there are sane people making comments on this thread
who cares
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Is he going to pardon Harvey?
BWAHAHAHAHA Maybe he'll blow it back out to the gulf with all that hot air of his...
What the hell is he gonna do here? Hold another useless rally?
