This investigation has more holes in it than the Titanic,  it's the WH, and anytime Trump tweets some Bullcrap than there are 5-10 people ->
leaking out the truth,the WH is in such an uproar that they don't know what to do,  and how many Republicans leak out info instead growing->
a backbone and admitting who the leak came from, like Comey did when Trump tweeted a lie about the FBI, his only reply was to leak out->
the TRUTH and force a special investigator and then things come out of the woodwork  to verify the truth.  They have to because they can't->
the 1500 to 8000/hr lawyers, look Trump couldn't even get a Washington lawyer due to his reputation.  So leaks only come out when Trump or->
WH Press tell a lie and the only way to get the truth is leak it out.  It's easy when you think about the Rich (Trump etc..) get away and ->
the WH Staff are left holding the hot potato, so don't worry about the leaks, it's causing people to admit thingsthey wouldn't do unless ->
Less about who and more about why is he being investigated. You've put your eggs in the president's basket and your constituents see this.
His constituents voted for Trump you big dope
Oh. Name calling. That's a good move. And not all of his constituents did. Thanks for being respectful. Speaks volumes.
Better hope Michigan, Pennsylvania, Iowa, Wisconsin don't stay on the Republicans side or your brand is finished. She got under 200 EC votes
Who cares who's leaking it? Some patriot or other.
You should care more about the fact the president is bring investigated than who leaked it.
Why dont you blame Hillary!
Who cares as long as it's true?!?!
Perhaps,the same source that announced globally that it was Israel that infiltrated ISIS, really Senator, stop protecting this loser.
It's all about paying lawyers w/gov money. Graft! Greed! - the buddy system at work!
How about White House employees who are feeling the heat? Can they afford Trump's lawyers? The house of cards is falling
Right on schedule with the talking points, John. #Trumplackey #gopcoverup
Mueller: 911, what is your emergency? 

US: Help! Our house is on fire!

@johncornyn: So? Let it burn. I wanna know who called the fire dept
@JohnCornyn you are burning down your own house
its a matter of time before Republicans with integrity start a new party
@johncornyn is proof the grand old party is no more. No more honorable statesmen w/ integrity. Just self-centered profiteers
With all due respect Senator, leak..really??  I know you are aware of Comey testimony, public record now. No one should be surprised
I still think it is Trump himself.  The best part is he and his lawyers don't know if he is or not!!  bahaha.
Keep working 4 the nation & fighting corrupt politicians who are threatening our President @JohnCornyn
Which talking point is that? I'm playing GOP con-man bingo.
Ummm i think our President has been tweeting this for the past two days. Maybe that's your leaker.#HesaLeaker
Patriots.  Patriots are doing this because you refuse to do your job.
Probably the Russians.
Trump and his lawyer! Trump is the biggest leaker in Washington. His twitter rants leak things including his anger with Rosenstein.
worry about our country and democracy instead of leaks.
Why spread rumors, John?  Have you had any contacts with or received any money from any Russians? How about a town hall to clear this up?
Why do you care? You should be more worried about the fact that your president is under investigation.
He IS worried. That's why he's doing everything in his power to deflect.
Yes, would be much better if the president's illegal acts were covered up. #republicanmouthpiece
Why keep Obama holdovers? Where is "You're fired!" You and Cruz are good, but what's up with Rep. Party? Cowards? No guts? No honor?
Congress needs to mount an investigation into the leaks Mueller may be involved in! That is actual criminal activity!
Well @realDonaldTrump just confirmed it, so it's no longer an anonymous leak, it's a fact.
Don't worry... I'm sure it's just Fake News. Don't let it alarm you.
Anything else you want to pick from the list?
A source sent me RNC/Trump talking points for Repubs seeking to discredit tonight’s WaPo scoop on Mueller investigating Trump obstruction —> 
Cornyn, once again, your constituents are watching while you perform your duties as one of @realDonaldTrump's toadies.
Who cares? I'm glad we get to know this stuff. Now if only someone could leak the healthcare bill...
Seems like your priorities are a little off if your main concern is who is leaking it... & not why this is being investigated to begin with
Let me guess COMEY!!
These leakers are whistle blowers at this point, trying to prevent you and your GOP buddies from covering up Trump's crimes.
special counsel needs to investigate leaks, not obstruction of justice
So you are not concerned if this is true but only the leak? Choosing trump over country Again!!!!
didn't see you comment on Hillary leaks. I mean I did, but you were more gleeful than concerned
A patriot!
If the mob on Twitter decided our elections we would never win good thing they don't. Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa Pennsylvania new GOP holds
So you're more concerned with a leak and not so much if it's true or not? Less concerned with if the obstruction charges are true!
Probably the GOP members who are afraid to come out publicly and say how much they hate Trump.
When The White House plumbing breaks & oceans of shit pour out the front door, I'll worry about a "leak." Now I'm worried about rule of law.
.. The investigation has been building to this because Your Lord and Master can't keep his mouth shut or stop Tweeting.  Are you that STUPID
"Who is leaking this?" ...funny...sounds like something someone might say at one of Trump's Russian Hotel parties...
Ever considered that this "leaking" may just be last ditch efforts to save our democracy?
Please share healthcare bill with everyone to analyze.
Who cares...America deserves to know how Trump is entangled with the Russians...even if it is just weird pee pee parties...
Leaking is a minor problem when the president is being investigated.  You are complicit with his malfeasance.
From what I can tell the newspapers put it together from the people that are called in to talk to the office.
probably people being requested 4 interviews. Not unusual as investigation expands. Not the answer u like.
They are people within the White House as reported
you should resign
That shouldn't b ur concern, Cornyn. Represent us Texans! Don't get in the gossip!
I hope the leaks stop the secret bill.
Haven't you been in DC long enough to know that EVERYTHING leaks? Stop whining.
When all of the details come out, and they eventually will, you are going to look pretty bad for supporting Trump instead of AMERICA.
Maybe be concerned about the obstruction of justice just a bit more than you are?
Talk about sewing division. Dems keep demonizing POTUS. Congress is painting him as evil, illegitimate, and a Russian agent
Who's doing their job? How about you do your job worry about the corruption in the White House & Russian sabotage of the election?.
Why are you more concerned about who is leaking information rather than whether our president is obstructing justice? #misplacedpriorities
It's the people concerned about the safety and security of our Constitutional Republic! Why isn't that our elected officials? Do your job!
Who cares? ?
You know who leaked the FBI memo to congress about re-opening Hillary email case, Why don't tweet about JC?
Think. Use your head. There are multiple possibilities
Please look into removing Mueller. How could the DOJ let the Dems hijack the investigation that shouldn't be?
I think you should point directly at @realDonaldTrump staff!! According to articles on @thedailybeast they refer to sources in the WH!
Where are the chicken Republicans on the special counsel and conflict of interest there should be an uproar! Put your big boy panties on!
Mr.Cornyn- Country over Party. I also would like you to explain why Reps hell bent on pushing through healthcare bill no one has seen
So the possible obstruction of justice by our president.... no biggie?
Frivolous law suits. You're supposed to start an investigation bc you HAVE evidence.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
I dunno about you, John, but I heard it from the President here on Twitter.
A hero!
Bless your heart. Didn't realize you are this dense.
Maybe the president, just like he leaked highly classified information to the Russians.
Common sense.
Saying leaks are the biggest problem in this investigation is like saying Deep Throat was the biggest problem in Watergate.
Find the leaker. Comey!
It's called reporting.  As the paper's masthead says, "Democracy Dies in Darkness." HE'S INVESTIGATING THIS WHOLE MESS.  IT'S NOT A SECRET!
Why do you care more about the leak thank you do about the possibility of Russian involvement in our government ?
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/15/lobbyist-russian-interests-jeff-sessions-testimony?CMP=share_btn_tw … seems that tarring a life long servant under both republican and democrat president most be debasing
But you don't mind , just so you protect a person who is con man who brags about groping women? Again you let Sessions lie under oath.
Session hosted a lobbyist for Russia to dinner and then that same lobbyists crafted the republicans platform on Ukraine ??
So lairs with the republicans are cool, life long servants of the American people are bad??
You're more concerned with the public knowing the President is a crook than with him being a crook. #WorthlessSycophant
People in the administration...seriously not worried about Russia...just leaking!
Someone who gives a crap about the USA and not self interests
Why? Worried Senator?
A patriot.
As my senator I would appreciate your shift from concern about leakers to Russian hacking collusion and obstruction.
Not the most important question.
I wish someone would leak the details of the Senate's healthcare bill.
Pence?
This is outrageous!  I have never seen a President treated so unfairly by the Media and Washington elitists.
do you care that Sessions lied?
Whistleblower
Ummm this guy?
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
Let's focus on Russia.
Can we give the leakers medals for getting the truth out? Most voters are more concerned that the information leaked is not being denied.
We see you John.  The vote time will be here before you turn around twice.  Stand for America.  It's obvious the White House is not doing it
Oh God, that's a good question. Wow
OH NO, the Senate leaked this!
Senate Intel Committee leaders basically just confirmed publicly that Mueller is probing Trump obstruction:

http://www.cnn.com/2017/06/15/politics/senate-trump-obstruction-of-justice/index.html … 
WHY ARE YOU ONLY CONCERNED WITH THE "LEAK" AND NOT THE POSSIBILITY THAT THE PRESIDENT OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE?
- We need whistle-blowers to guard against corruption & power plays
I am ignoring all media which cites anonymous sources. Even "senior officials". No source name ZERO credibility
Some patriotic Americans are more interested in the big picture, Senator.
I am happy it is being leaked. Ironically, its also the kind of information that Trump himself WANTED leaked before he was elected.
He said he wanted to drain the swamp. Well...#MAGA
seriously?  what is your deal with djt?   he's a #BadHombre the GOP needs to cut bait.
did you give trump your loyalty oath?
screw america, just make money john
My guess the people he is calling to talk to him about the president behavior
Why are you only worried about leaks? Why aren't you worried about our country? #countryoverparty
Possible obstruction of justice by POTUS is secondary from your concerns about leaking. Party before country huh. #DoYourJob
Easily derived by public announcements and events, no leaks needed. #BiglyBS
BTW Against repealing ACA. GOP bill done in secrecy is unethical & should be illegal. We have a right to know what you're doing.
YOU need to find the leak and prosecute! Tweeting about it won't do any good.
I hope you go to jail with the rest of the traitors.
Social media allows citizens to more informed than ever. Means it's harder to hide things or throw out  & have it stick. GOP is complicit.
Traitor. More worried about leaks than traitors in your mist. GOP has become drunk with power they don't even care about country anymore.
Any concern about the substance of the leak, John?  At all?  Really?
I mean... it could be someone from White House.  It could be a congressman.  Are you sure nothing concerns you about current administration?
... regards from one of you constituents.
The leak is the part that concerns you?
Nervious, John?

They gonna connect you?
Probably all of the witnesses-American Patriots!!! Wake up!! #RussiaGate
A patriot John, something you obviously don't comprehend.
Correct!! So why isn't Congress doing something about this asap? And when is the GOP going to understand that we have a silent coup here
More important than a leak is the subject of the leak. YOUR president is being investigated. What side of history will you be on?
@JohnCornyn, Is it more important to find the leak or to stop this witch hunt?
Again, GOP more concerned about leaks than what the leaks contain.
Yeah! Who wants transparency in government? Who wants to know if their President is a crook. Most of the whistleblowers are heroes.
@JohnCornyn your D.C. phone line dedicated to constituents for comments on current matters,  voicemail is full.
Truth will out. @realDonaldTrump is in trouble. #Mueller helps him if he did nothing wrong. Me thinks u protest 2 much. R u involved too??
We, the people, need to know these things, John!!!!  Stop hiding information from us!!!!
Yes, the leaks are the problem. And the eeeeeeeeeeeeemails! Love you guys
It's about time someone  stops Trump.
Please Senator Cornyn-leak or no-a senator hiding behind close doors to write a health bill IS a huge REAL issue-WHY can't U do what's RIGHT
And DT himself seems to have confirmed it with his tweets. Hmmmm.
The possibilities are endless. But my question to you is how is that shady, secret HC bill coming along? So proud of it y'all are hiding it?
You may want to start distancing I know you want to pile rt wing courts but following @realDonaldTrump isn't worth it. You work for us
Who cares? They are leaking to keep us informed. Nothing top secret or really harmful being leaked. Keeps you and trump honest...ha ha!
Hire multiple Clinton donors. Next day leak. Hmmmm I wonder?
You're missing the point...We're also not distracted-Stop sabotaging the ACA & fund CSRs #ShowUsTheBill #SinglePayer
"Will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?" Senator @clairecmc asked today in the Finance Cmte. You should watch: #Trumpcare 
Haha your house is burning down and you're complaining about how the fire dept. was notified.
Isn't the real question why the President is being investigated for obstruction of justice?
Don't worry abut special counsel he's doing his job. Give so serious thought about doing the ppls work for a change!

You're like a trump puppet. How can you think that is what we want? You're so out of touch. Resign.
Good question. How about finding out for us.
Uncovering and disseminating evidence of high crimes and misdemeanors isn't "leaking", it's fucking #patriotism
Show us the healthcare plan!
Incredible waste of time and money 
Now you don't like leaks?  But when @wikileaks goes after the other side, you don't seem to care.  I would like my Senator to have integrity
I'm looking 4 your townhall schedule 4 Texas cities & towns 2 be leaked!
hahaha. yeah. because THAT'S the story. pathetic.
I see you're coming over to the Trump-side, Senator. Welcome. I'll no longer vote against you in the primaries.
It would be nice if you paid attention and started asking relevant questions. Here in Texas we are asking when is your next town hall?
I can't possibly imagine someone leaking as Trump constantly states how much faith in and admiration he has for the intelligence community.
Coats? Cornyn? Chaffetz? Nunes? Trump? Sessions?
Trump's Attorney did !! Just like Trump's Attorney was bragging he got Preet Bharara fired over the Russia investagation.
Time for GOP Congress to take a stand a DEMAND Mueller be fired & DEMAND this nonsense to STOP! Americans are fed up! Repubs are weak!
As more and more people are interviewed the harder it is to keep a lid on things. That's just common sense sir.
Pure trash
Mueller briefed Intel Committee for the first time yesterday, so if you want to look for a leaker, look around the room.
Anyone of the Dems Mueller has added to his staff would be a good guess. Since they contribute $ to Dems and HRC, impartiality is done
Mr @JohnCornyn , do you read comments?  Please reply to one if you do, if you care abt us--abt me--by replying. If not, you're just 4 show?
The question to ask is actually "why is the president obstructing justice?"
Just exactly where is your proof
It's an ongoing investigation. Can you prove there was no obstruction?
Since Mueller met with Senators 2 discuss his work, look at Senators & staff.

Where is the townhall schedule?  If U no longer visit TX, go.
It's pretty sickening that you show no concern for the fact that he is under investigation, but you do about who leaked it.
Just who is investigating him you
Your concerns are misplaced
You should know this but here ya go
Quick Thread: Not every piece of information that comes to light during an investigation is a leak.

During the campaign R's were concerned about the CONTENT of the leaks, not the leakers. Suddenly, that's changed? I wonder why...
@GOP @HouseGOP Though your words are transparently insincere, you DO know we've seen your talking points right?!?

Your words: empty
Great question! Aren't the leakers actually obstructing justice and causing interference?
Don't know, but why don't we just call him/her Deepthroat?  I believe there is a historical basis for this.
I think that's pretty just plain obvious at this point. T admitted it on television
Republican acting hyenas
The substance is 'what,' not 'who.' You are complicit and need to be removed from office.
James Comey
let's worry about the bigger issue, like Trump obstruction and trump giving away secrets to the Russians.
Bring It On where is your proof
Ah, yes. The @gop party line: leaks more disturbing than the fact that special counsel is investigating @realDonaldTrump #pathetic
All of the people in trumps orbit who are so scared and so disillusioned by the horrific administration.
WHY ARENT YOU DISILLUSIONED??!?!!?
Maybe they can leak the details of your healthcare plan so the American people can see how bad they are getting screwed.
As a lawyer, u should have seen this coming.

Your lack of intelligence/integrity make you ineligible for my vote. Representation, not repression. Enjoy your trip on the #TreasonTrain. 
He has my vote and I'm a Texan and I know several thousand people who will vote for him
He'll need more than several 1000 votes. He probably won't run in 2020.  He's looking to fill his pockets.  #takethe$and run
Oh well
Shit will hit the fan soon johnnyboy. You sure it's not you?
this witch hunt needs to be shut down. I am your constituent Mr. Cornyn, use the power we have given you to protect our republic.
@KellyannePolls name has been floated as a leaker as of late
The Special Council is investigating 100 things, but this is the only one leaked.
