don't be proud. Haven't changed enough. No more. #noindividualmandate
As a Texas voter I couldn't be ashamed of your record. #ImpeachTrump
has he even reviewed it?
If he's read or understands it, that would be a tremendous shock.
I will be proud when Texans vote you out of office. It's coming....
Why does GOP Health Bill give an insurance co a larger tax break to increase CEO pay than it gives a family to buy coverage?
Obamacare replacement bill is terrible.  Repeal the bill, taxes and all, then we can talk replace.. @JohnCornyn @dcexaminer @SenTedCruz
US today has you on the from page .How you demanded a special Prosecutor with Holder .Now that its your party you do not care
another hypocrisy by Cornyn. MAGA for Texans? Not from Cornyn or Cruz!
the plan is crap.  It's bad for older folks and those who need insurance the most.
You would be you jack wagon. If your party said to eat shit and bark at the moon, you'd be first in line.
you don't even know what this will cost.
proud to let the less fortunate die
Good to know that you support this bill that hurts working Americans. Thanks. I'll remember this at the polls.
- and you don't give a flying flip about those who don't have care.
You would expect an incompetent person would support a horrible piece of legislation
can you hold a town hall and explain to your constituents why this plan is good for us? I want you to explain why it's good.
No 2 ObamaCare 2.0
not something to brag about....
If you support this, I will be so proud to make sure you are not re-elected.
You are a fool to get behind this guy. When is your town hall?
I am a Texan and #JohnCornyn is not representing us.  We want an investigation of Trump and to see tax returns!
- 45 & GOP always in favor of things that take US backwards rather than forward. This bill is terrible for too many!
ok, and why did the committee bypass the normal CBO process? What is the rush?
Divert and distract-the GOP smokescreen.  We need to see Trump taxes and an independent investigation.
You have shown yourself to be a bootlicker not a sercant for the people of Texas. Goodbye next election or BEFORE!
@sarahcwestwood NO ONE in GOP should be proud of this. Screwing over poor, old, & ill is shameful. U R terrible.
You misspelled "Repeal" .. right? right? Y'all were NOT elected on a platform of replacement.
Why does bill give so many tax breaks to insurance companies & reward their CEOs? They've never saved someone's life in the ER.
Gosh, trump wants it! That just makes me shiver with excitement! Cause golly gee, he's such a smart man! Good grief!
saw you stuttering on CNN when asked about Trumps alleged wiretap . You never have any update info! Yea, sure
how much will this replacement bill cost? How many millions will lose coverage? #SaveACA
let's make this the heath care plan for Congress if it is so great!!!! #doyourjob #Trumpcareforyou #guessuforgotwhoureprent
The Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) saves lives & is better. Trumpcare hurts poor & elderly.
Of course you are. Towing that party line, no matter the cost to your constituents. How will this affect you?
Hey Cornyn, are you going to  spend tax dollars to 'investigate' @realDonaldTrump's claim @Schwarzenegger was fired?
No legislation until Trump Russian ties investigated!  That should be the only focus for now!
You're going to regret those words, John. This is a tremendous disaster
Sure he is since he's helping his fellow 1% insurance CEOs by giving them a fat tax break. How about the rest of us?
@POTUS the high-risk pool needs 178.1 billion at bare min, y'all allocated 10 billion, what gives? #trumpcare
So, you support this train wreck?
You are proud to take away my access to healthcare?  I will be proud to remember this 11/03/20!
really? Do you not represent your constituents? No #TownHall = vote you out! #Criminal #PartyOfTreason
What is your response to American Hospital Assoc lack of support of this weak piece of legislation? #TexasSenators #LastTerm
REPEAL! Don't replace!
Tell us what the premiums will be if only the unhealthy buy insurance!
Tell us how a median income family can make substantial payments into the HSA.
I'm sure you would proud to be Trump used toilet paper too.  No surprise here
@realDonaldTrump We the People do NOT want a REPLACEMENT #obamacareDONTcare we want a COMPLETE repeal & let the market prevail.
for the life of me I just don't know why so many poor people vote for republicans, they're bad for the country
what's the CBO? May you need insurance for you and yours soon. Reap what you sow and all that.
#republicancare = death panels
I'm glad the CEOs are getting a massive tax cut. You really can't make on $10mm a year these days.
work thru the committee process...stop the grandstanding by individuals.
we need to add on insurance purchases across state lines!!!!
trump Russia independent investigate
this replacement bill will hurt millions of Americans and give tax breaks to the 1% it is worthless
I don't think the GOP is representing the people no more
Repeal and replace as you've promised. Don't just throw a new coat of paint on it. This bill is not what we were promised. Get it right.
You shouldn't be. If it even passes. You will be on the wrong side of history sir. #TexasSenators #LastTerm
How will this make the lives of your constituents better?
Obamacare 2.0 I don't like the tweaks though.
Cool, John. When my life goes up in smoke you can help pay. You feel good about hurting us?
proud of having to use reconciliation to rr ACA,not debating on floor? Put it to a full vote during working hours if ur so proud
you should be mortified to acknowledge any part of it. Too Many will suffer& die    #VoteThemOut
I hope it works because you're making me sick.
He's proud of all his failures and bankruptcies. That makes him smart, ya know.
So you're "proud" millions will lose health coverage while saving billions for elite 1%. You sound like a Republican
this bill is a disaster and you know it!
Is it 2018 yet?
Trump hasn't read it, you most likely skimmed through it, but you will blindly support it. About right. Twit.
we haven't forgotten about Russia. Constituent here demanding independent investigation
#gopdontcare you should be ashamed.  This will literally take healthcare away from those in most need. Immoral WWJD?
I'm currently 50. What is the expected financial impact on Medicare from his bill in 15 years and beyond?
Taking away the mandate is pure stupidity.  You cannot predict when you will need emergency medical care. NO REPEAL!
and we will be proud to get you out of office come election time. Host a town hall and listen to ur constituents
The rich get 7 million tax cuts .Health Care CEOs get kick backs .America get scrap
we need a new Benito Juarez.
Yep but today the greed is to bad
#TRUMPcare! You would we pay congress insurance.
are you John?
pfft
I challenge you both to give up your healthcare and go on this plan.
Proud? How can you feel pride in supporting a shameful lie? Oh John, you are so lost.
THIS is what y'all have been waiting 8 years to unleash on us? Well. I am underwhelmed.Hope y'all get SHOOK midterms
And you stand where, John? Please give ur constituents a line by line reasoning of ur evaluation of the plan.
DOA, John.  Try again.
how many will not be covered?
GOP said ACA raised costs. They lied. We always knew that. Greed raised costs. I dare you to pass this. #GOPDOA
of course he is. It's a travesty for low income families & elderly. NOT what Americans need. #DoYourJob
I will make sure that everyone who loses care, loses quality of life, or loses a loved one in Texas knows you did this.
Old people, poor people, and sick people get shafted. Disappointed in you.
Great, all the low-IQ rich people have weighed on it. The Koch Bros paid for it. Insur Co wrote it. Now Repugs vote on it.
So you all gave up on Repeal?  That's what the voters were promised.  Does that matter
He hasn't even read it! Is he literally just a useful puppet to y'all?
You and I know Trump neither understands or really cares about this bill. Just a notch in his belt.
And I love how you guys feed us crap and tell us it's cake.
That's wonderful. He's endorsing a losing proposition that even all Repubs can't get behind. Bold move.
do you have any opinion of your own other than "democrats are hypocrites?" do you support this? does it help Texans?
.@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer Cornyn you are against the poor and aging of Texans & Americans.
Thank you for the reminder that we cannot rely on nor trust our "public servants" to represent our best interests.
are you proud?
even though it does none of the things he said, John Cornyn is proud to back a liar....no surprise
Terrible Bill: Doesn't reduce cost or reduce govt involvement - We waited years for this?
Of course he is.  He doesn't have to pay for health care.
