It's getting harder to say Russian meddling didn't help lead to Trump's victory and Clinton's loss via @zbyronwolf http://cnn.it/2r6JJhq  
How about GOP quit commenting on this crap, blame it Ds failure to accept loss and get Trump agenda passed?
I'll play! Because it's an attack from a hostile nation w/help from within, it's not loss people don't accept, and the agenda is stupid AF.
Find one person who changed their vote bc of Russia...just one. I'll wait. Per Ds no evidence of collusion. Agenda lowers taxes & America 1.
That's an ignorant statement. Did you need read about all the disinformation put out there on social media that proven readily latched onto?
If people don't know or refuse to believe that Russia fueled their actions, that doesn't make it any less real.
"Per Ds no evidence of collision?" What does that even mean? Are you talking about Feinstein and Clapper saying they haven't seen evidence
of it? Because both have said they didn't, but also caution they were not privy to everything the FBI knew d/t compartmentalization. Both
have said that they haven't seen it, but that doesn't mean it doesn't exist. If there was no evidence, there would be no investigation.
Evidence on Tillerson:
How is this evidence to Russian collusion into the election against tillerson?
Putin doesn't just give out his "order of friendship", and he gave one to Tillerson. For him to NOT be involved is a statistical freakshow.
So circumstantial evidence nice
Please read about what I wrote of actual submitted evidence. And I'm sorry, but ur lookin at the world and thinking Tillerson needs friends?
Why do I think he needs friends he made people billions of dollars
Oh, the Putinbot has a second gear!
Will your head literally or only figuratively explode when the FBI comes back with a similar "ruling" to Hillary emails inre trump Russia?
I'm getting pretty retired of all of this! Just let the POTUS do the job he was elected to do!!
You're getting retired, lol. (P.S. he's not doing anything but embarrassing himself and us. Oops!)
Ya I just noticed that. Stupid spell check. And, I'm not embarrassed by him. I'm embarrassed by people who believe MSM crap!
That's why you're a sheep. Do yourself a favor and read 1984.
Go bug someone who cares.
I prefer to bug you. Your mindless following absent of critical thinking offends me.
I don't really give a rat's behind what you think of me. So...shooo
Awww. So cute that you think that matters. Now, back to how you're blindly following your leaders without questioning their obvious lies...
@CNNPolitics The Russians didn't help defeat Hillary as much as HIllary helped defeat herself
Be patient Johnny boy. The damn will soon burst. By the way how do you feel about Merkel being the new leader of the free world?
All the libelous stories traced back to Russian hackers and spread by Trump team.Jesus, can you even spell "FBI",or "CIA"or "NSA"?!Ask them!
Fake news? How about fake representation. How do you sleep at night?
Covfefe is the evidence
You were a lawyer and a judge. You know they don't produce evidence to the public in the middle of an investigation. You're a fraud, John.
And even when they do you'll just bleat "Fake News" no matter how credible. You've branded yourself a traitor to our democracy, sir.
How do you feel about him blowing up our relationships with our Western allies? Honest question, since you're up tweeting.
The proof is in the covfefe.

#CovfefeGate
Why are ppl even arguing this- @johncornyn was briefed on this. GOPs in same meeting said that there is something there. Y not investigate?
if the left and #DNC have nothing to worry about y r they blocking ALL attempts to investigate?
There should be a law against media spewing news against our Government. It appears they Are the    enemy,doing Russia's job for them
Yes I agree Fox News must be outlawed
GOP suppressed the evidence
You're not paying attention, are you?
The truth will set you free or in @HillaryClinton & @TheDemocrats case insure you will lose Presidency. Maybe a better candidate next time?
@CNNPolitics @zbyronwolf We DO need evidence that you ACTUALLY WORK 4 America & R not involved in treason! It's not looking good
The republicans are getting a bad Russian name better impeach before 2020 or Democrats will take 2020 @WhiteHouse You have no choice .
Tell me what evidence would convince you?!?
Review the evidence and  make real assessments. You represent Texas, not Trump or the GOP. We deserve better than juvenile partisanship.
You seem to be confusing evidence and proof. There's more than enough evidence to have an investigation. (Don't you have a law degree?)
Personally, GOP Establishment more threat to our Democracy than Russia. We voted for a Wall, tax cuts & capitalistic health. Got NOTHING!
You work for us do you remember that John? What a brown noser you have turned into.
Half the administration lied on security forms, having conveniently forgotten Russian meetings. Pull your head out of your ass.
Full investigation? Transparency?
Unelectable?
For whom is it getting harder to say.  Lots of innuendo from CNN but absolutely NO evidence
Lessons from Nixon Crimes - Coverup, firing the person investigating yourself, calling the Press "the enemy" - all may lead to severe guilt!
You are blind. You have to try extremely hard NOT to see the Russia connection
You know the evidence... you old, pathetic, senile, lieing, liar!
#lawyerup
#lawyerup
http://Unhackthevote.com  Studies done by data scientist and statisticians.
Here's you Cornyn.
How about 17 US intelligence agencies who concur? What is it with Texas politicians? Are you all just a bunch of fucking idiots?
Bless ur heart.
You really must not value your elected position. Your days holding office are dwindling. Your loyalty is misplaced. Good riddance.
Cornyn clearly in denial and doesn't read the news apparently either. #everything'sfine
This narrative is so boring
GTFOHWTS
.@JohnCornyn Glad to see you're spending the recess on Twitter instead of meeting with your constituents. #shameful
You've been playing the same stupid @GOP game for so long- Our intel agencies have confirmed this more than once. You're unfit to serve Amer
What do you actually do?
You're in a pivotal position in the US Government and you're asking twitter for evidence? Try doing your part to protect us from them.
Denying the analysis of ALL of the intelligence agencies? What is YOUR evidence? Please remember your oath is to protect country not Trump.
if Rs would stop blocking the vote to require Trump's tax returns we'd have evidence. Are you a Russian stooge too?
You would know whether there is evidence. You've been "read-in" on the intelligence. Please enlighten the American people and put it to bed.
obstruction of justice for sure
Playing dumb may work on your more tribal constituents (GOP lemmings), but for those with a brain the need for an investigation is clear.
@CNNPolitics @zbyronwolf "it's getting harder" not a conviction. Article states many good reasons to be more suspicious! READ?
We all know by your impotent efforts to "look into" this that you are at least complicit if not implicated. You embarrass Texas. #FakeTexan
That's YOUR job. Call for an investigation. Demand briefings. Do the research. Yank security clearances for those implicated. #worthless
These tweets are going to bite you in the ass if you choose to run again. Or are you retiring to Russia with the Trumps?
Party before country?
Sen., your job is to represent Texans. When reputable media outlets report something, it's your JOB to investigate to protect our democracy!
Remember the CNN reporting before the election?   They is no proof.   However there is proof Russia donated to the Clinton foundation!
#CNNLIES
Evidence that is DIDN"T happen? Where there's smoke there's fire. Why take the 5th if there is nothing to hide?
Literally every intelligence agency the US has, but never mind that.
You A Senator: Try asking the Senate & House Intel Comm & .@FBI .@CIA .@NSA to speed upHELP with resourcesUSA OVER GOP#MAGA
Please step down. Retire. Be a true Patriot. Leave politics. Please. You dishonor our nation.
evidently you didn't learn from Trey Gowdy 
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @RepKevinBrady   So Senator are you indicating that the Russians did help elect Trump?
CNN needs to be investigated by the DOJ......they are just as corrupt as the Clinton Foundation!
Well if you weren't so afraid of a real investigation we could know the truth!
John, ask the intelligence agencies. I believe they have stated definitively that russia interfered in our election.
Evidence? 

Got it!
Any evidence that you actually have a brain or a soul?
You really should be more serious about putting your country first, before party.  A real patriotic Texan should be concerned about this.
The only meddling in the election NO DOUBT came from @BarackObama and the democrats!! Our former commander in wimp thinks we don't see it.
#fakenews needs no evidence. @CNN #credibility is totally in the toilet.
Talk to our 17 intelligence agencies who will all confirm this!!!!!
Don't you have anything better to do than gaslight your constituents on twitter?  What planet do you live on, dude???
They play that over and over and over
Hilarious!
Continuing to stand by as the Russians make the White House their own
that's almost as good as that "says who?" knucklehead
Let's hope @JohnCornyn gets dragged down along with his benefactor @realDonaldTrump. Both would deserve it.
@CNNPolitics @zbyronwolf so journalists need to do everything for you?! Hypocrite. Do your job or resign.
Seriously?  None of us work for the damn FBI, or can call them to ask.... but u do & we pay u to do it.  U need 2 show us u r doing your job
Evidence?! Haven't you heard? They don't need evidence, they have innuendo and hate. "Collusion" to destroy the country falls on them. 
So you really wanna board that deranged/reckless Trump train now??? That's fine. Duly noted for November 2020.
Hey hey guys, I know it's quacking, and waddling, and there are feathers everywhere, but who's to say whether it's a duck or not? Evidence?
Want to make sure you stance is understood, are you suggesting that here is nothing to this, nothing that would warrant additional scrutiny?
John Cornyn has great teeth but he is blind and deaf?
I like how you're being so subtle about it! like you've held a meeting & actually talked about shit! #HoldAMeetingJohn or have you given up?
You are just so, so bad at your job.  You'll be remembered for helping facilitate this treason.
Learn to read
JUST IN: Russia probe reportedly expands to include Trump attorney Michael Cohen http://thebea.st/2rk7seJ  
As a judge, "objection, speculative" would have been a more appropriate reply
You have all the evidence. Open your eyes and do something for the country, not your party.
Seriously? You're that stupid? No it's Party before Country
Isn't it like, your job, as a member of intel and judiciary committees to locate and review that evidence? #CornynStakeout
He's seen the evidence, but it contradicts his loyalty oath to @realDonaldTrump. His order of priorities: Trump, RNC, himself, TX, America.
Hope they lock your deplorable behind up with the evidence they find
@GOP @realDonaldTrump 
Mr Mueller meet nepotism, emoulements, obstruction of justice, and bonus of stupidity (in tweets & large amounts, 2).
Seriously?! How ignorant can you possibly be?!
Oh John, poor, sweet, simple John. Just gonna ride it all they way down eh?
Really?  Fool
There is mountains of evidence, it's just circumstantial. Choose your words more carefully Senator or it may seem misleading.
You mean your understaffed and glacier-paced investigation has more info? Do tell.
John, Exactly how disconnected are you?  you get paid to work for your constituents  .. not speculate.
@CNNPolitics @zbyronwolf John: Here is a little evidence:
You, "sir", are a prick.
Common sense?
Try opening your eyes. There's plenty of evidence. Aren't you on the Intelligence Committee????
TONS of evidence! John, the more you deny it, the more you obstruct it, the harder it is going to be for you when the trials start.
Where's the Texas townhall schedule?  Let's discuss 45 & more.
You're doing all you can to impede the investigation, Senator. Given your role, perhaps recuse yourself from commenting on Twitter?
On its way; don't you worry.
@CNNPolitics @zbyronwolf because if you tell a lie long enough people start believing it
Oh please!  Just because you're not privy to it doesn't mean it's not there.  It's coming.  Stop protecting your party!
don't confuse @CNN th facts or lack of facts or evidence. It's all about hysteria and ratings. Some gullible people believe the media.
I've disagreed with you before but it wasn't until recently that I realized you are willfully enabling DJT's assault on truth and justice.
I'm curious. Do you write your own tweets, or do you have staff mastermind them?
Simple solution to most of this John. Get his tax returns. https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/blogs/plum-line/wp/2017/05/30/this-new-cnn-scoop-shows-the-drip-drip-drip-of-trumps-russia-scandal-will-continue/ …
@CNNPolitics @zbyronwolf @tedcruz Please say you are not part of the cult. You are on the investaging committees:GET evidence
The evidence is there and more is coming.  When will you stop your blind obedience to Trump and stand up for your country?
I am a constituent and registered voter. I am disgusted with how you run cover for a Russian traitor.  You are complicit. Answer your phone.
Dear Mr. Cornyn, stop being a complete lackey for that idiot.  Just seriously. Stop. You're embarrassing.
Yes.This report is not an indictment but stating due to circumstances a special prosecutor is needed. The truth we all know, will come out.
...and about 50 other pieces of evidence collected in this thread; maybe read something?
1/57: Thread: @TheLewisBlack talking about @realDonaldTrump and the whole "Russia thing." #TrumpRussia #RussiaTrump #KremlinGate #RussiaGate
Asking for evidence, charges brought and proven in court before making a judgement is a good thing.  Allegations doesn't equal guilt.
It's an interesting thread, and I never liked Trump, but I don't blame some risotto recipes email being leaked for HRCs loss.
Evidence on Gorkov:
Evidence on Gazprom:
Evidence on Rosneft:
Evidence on Epshtyen: http://www.salon.com/2017/05/20/bill-maher-cant-get-trump-ally-boris-epshteyn-to-admit-that-russia-meddled-in-the-2016-election/ …
Evidence on Sater:
Evidence on Page:
Evidence on Kushner:
Evidence on Sessions:
Evidence on Manafort:
Evidence on Flynn:
Well done! So infuriating it's needed....
Heading over to his office after lunch and thought I'd warm up a bit . . .
I'll be joining the #cornynstakeout in Houston! #ExpectUs
Senator, you're as embarrassing for Texas and this president is for the whole country. Just stop already.

Really?  If this were a Dem you'd be shutting down govt
If you knew how the internet worked and what real journalism is vs fake news, you would be able to see what has happened. #TrumpRussia
You're auditioning to be a Fox host, aren't you? That'd be cool. We wouldn't have to vote you out.
You are saying Russian influence had no impact on election. Don't conflate collusion and influence. These are two very different things. /1
With your blatant partisanship, you can say "We'll follow the facts" but hard for me to believe. I'll trust FBI and SC Mueller over you.
Put Texas over party.
One day over the rainbow  until then it makes sore losers feel better while hurting our country 
My understanding is that several committees have this classified information. Would you testify that you have seen nothing Senator?
Good God man! Look around, are you blind?
They are still investigating Russia meddling! If they released any details GOP would complain about the leaks! GOP  has lost their minds!
The divisiveness of this is becoming an international circus. The US credibility is now at stake. How could any Potus do his job with this.

Good morning! Today's #WordOfTheDay is 'abdicate' http://s.m-w.com/2mC6Tb6  
It's there, John. It's also becoming clear that you have a vested interest in obstructing justice too...Comrade. #CornynsRussianHeart
Try reading.
Exactly. We keep hearing about it, but YOU are not DOING anything to get to truth. Apparently you'd rather deflect & lie.  #Trumplackey
It's really hard to say you're not a fake news network.
.@JohnCornyn nervous? Are you one of the traitors, too? The evidence will be discoverable before your trial.
Patsy
Comrade, we also know the RNC was hacked- Russia has the goods on a lot of people- show us you are not one of them- stand up for country 
Evidence is there. No doubt about it.
No what got Trump elected was people believing Bernie couldn't win because they suppressed news coverage of his rallys
CNN and DEMS are same entity. Sickens me beyond words
if you would speed up the investigation you would get all the evidence you need, unless you really dont want to see it.We want answers !!
Thanks, Senator
It was well-known Putin preferred anyone but HRC. If they did interfere, does anyone think there is any proof left behind? They aren't dumb.
it is getting impossible to say CNN is a news outlet, a fake news propaganda shill for Hillary / Demoncrats
Seems like you didn't actually read the piece, and tweeted in response to the headline.
Russia has the evidence John. And you've seen some of it I would bet. Denial much?
Stop blocking it and let it happen. Stop putting party above country.
Such a sycophant loser.
Find it. It's your job. #preserve #protect #defend against all enemies foreign and DOMESTIC #treason #impeach #lock him up.
Keep riding those coat tails Senator. Re-election coming up soon. Real soon.
Back to Russia, voter suppression was last week's excuse, or was it Comey's fault. Surely it had nothing to do with the fact that she sucked
You need more evidence? Asked former FBI Director #Comey, he'll testify in front of you.
What will they say if Trump beats her again in '20?
Manafort, Flynn, Sessions, Miller, Kushner, Comey, etc.
You are such a pathetic party shill, and I’m starting to believe you may be Russia-compromised yourself, Comrade.
.....Continue and that they may have learned an important lesson from their 2016 efforts.
Before he was fired by Trump, Comey said the Russian attempts to influence US elections......
Under oath: Senate Intelligence Committee - Comey......
Did you read the article?
Do U read yr tweeter responses? Do U still love/respect country that has given you right to freedom? Don't U wt the TRUTH no matter party?
Senate intelligence an oxymoron?
Isn't finding evidence your job on the Senate Intelligence Committee?
It's all supposition at this point.  More evidence of #hrc's illegal server.  Others went to prison for much less than @HillaryClinton did
TX can clearly see you are part of the WH corruption. The fact that you will not defend USA says it all.
you are such a pathetic excuse for a congressman.  You clearly are just as corrupt.
John did you stop reading this at the headline? I didn't realize you had so much in common with Trump.
