I will vote to confirm whoever runs against Joe Manchin in his next bid for office.
I live in WV.  I never fail to vote.
I live in MA but will happily donate
Second that motions
MA voter but money knows no border. Will keep an eye on the next race and will support your opponent.
Same from Maryland.
from Oklahoma, will donate as well
I'll do the same from Ohio
What did trump either pay you or promise you for your vote?
thanks for being a sensible guy, Senator. Gorsuch is top tier legal mind. No reason to oppose him.
TY Senator!!
Traitor
Another GREAT DAY for a liberals snowflake  meltdown #Winning 45
I have never hoped a Democrat gets voted out next election. But I'm making an exception for you. This opening is not Trump's to fill.
You suck.
This judge has no humanity, no wisdom, no compassion, all of which are required to be an effective judge. Please reconsider.
It's a shame when Democrats defect.  There's no room for it with this @POTUS.  Welcome to the #NewNormal.  We need a new Dem Senator from WV
Coward
NO!
U will not be elected next time around. Maybe u should run 4 the GOP. Coward. Gorsuch is bad for families, women, disabled, & working class
You should go ahead and switch parties. He is very anti-women's rights. If u endorse him, you agree with that position. Very disappointed
stop calling yourself a democrat
thank you senator for giving a president under FBI investigation a lifetime appointment. You're a true patriot and not at all scum
Good job, traitor. Oh look, you're up for reelection in 2018. @dccc #removemanchin #impeachtrump #trumprussia #traitor #timetogojoe
They only reason you're voting for Gorsuch is because the people in West Virginia voted for Trump you're nothing but a turncoat
You're a sad excuse for a senator. Illinois voter, will support whomever opposes you.
You are officially complicit in the theft of a #SCOTUS seat. #MerrickGarland
Thank you
of course you will.  everyone already knew you would do what your boss @SenateMajLdr tells you to do.
Are you serious? They didn't even care enough to give Garland a hearing. You are a coward!
He's really a Republican anyway. DINO
What you you expect from the man who raised an opportunistic daughter who preys on sick people?
Then switch parties, fascist-appeasing traitor. #StolenSeat #illegitimatePresident #NevilleChamberlain
I would be embarrassed to have you as a senator. History will remember your wrong desicion.
Gorsuch was confirmed unanimously in 2006 - All DEMOCRATS supported him then http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/gorsuch-was...unanimously-in-2006/article/2613548 …
And? What's the difference? Who nominated him?
That does not explain what the difference is.
why don't you just put the R after your name..you're just lying to yourself & your constituents..what a pathetic man
why? He wouldn't answer any questions. His actions spoke volumes of what he thought of you lowly public servants.
Well this sucks.
Thank you sir!
@Sen_JoeManchin @chuckschumer don't let a radical NY Senator to drag Moderate Senators into this idiocy that results in the Nuclear Option!
Don't miss much of the praise is from fake/Russian accounts.  Americans are watching as you plan to vote without integrity. #ChangeYourVote
Thank you.  There is hope that ppl can work together
then you should get ready to be voted out with rest of GOP scum No appointments until Russian agent is removed from the WH
I live in PA but will happily donate to whoever runs against Manchin.
Thank you for not putting party first. Judge Gorsuch is a nominee worth considering no matter party affiliation. INTEGRITY & LAW respected.
Finally a Democrat that stands up to the idiot..left wing nut jobs ! Thank you !
Eat my asshole Joe
Such a tolerant person
Enjoy your remaining time. You've earned the right to be voted out.
Or voted back in. Cry lefty cry
Shame on you! You're just rewarding their stealing that SCOTUS seat in the first place!!
Had congress done it's job, we would not have an empty seat now. In that sense, it is indeed stolen.
Repubs were under no legal obligation whatsoever to confirm Garland. None, zero, zip, nada. So no, not stolen. Hilary lost, get over it.
No, please do not, really please think about this, it does a lot of harm.
WHY??? WTF is wrong with you?
My good friend, Mac Warner, always said that his late brother's best friend said you were a good guy, @Sen_JoeManchin. You just proved it.
A simple majority is not enough. I stand with the @TheDemocrats and the American people urging you to #change your vote to block #Gorsuch
Thank you senator for being a leader of your party
I hope you get voted out of office
Turncoat. What did the GOP pay u?
Before the primary threats start rolling in, consider that Joe Manchin is likely the ONLY Dem who can win in WV.  Sad, but true.
who cares what letter is in front of his name if he votes for Sessions, Pruitt, Mnuchin, Gorsuch, etc?
I understand the sentiment but it's better to have a D w/ you some of the time instead of an R with you none of the time.
Not if the "some of the time" is when his vote doesn't matter one way or the other.
Yes but Manchin's presence could mean the difference between MINORITY Leader Schumer and MAJORITY Leader Schumer. & that changes everything.
other than DeVos, Manchin has been a -1 on pretty much every important confirmation vote thus far and has openly condemned Dem opposition
WV citizens want  to elect a real democrat not the closet Republican we've got. How much dark money did you get, Joe? 
You didn't fight very hard for Judge Garland _ your a loser! @bcgprod
Shame. How will it feel when your state doesn't vote for you. Can't come soon enough.
-You are a descent man Senator, no matter your motivation, we thank you. Judge Gorsuch will do our country proud. God Bless
TRAITOR! When we put Trump in prison, we'll see to it you follow right behind him for being a Russian Sycophant.  NO ON GORSUCH! NO. NO. NO.
Is there any reason to rush to a vote here with impeachment threat looming over Trump administration? #noprobenorobe #novote #garland
The president is under an active FBI investigation for campaign collusion with a foreign adversary. Lets pause this for a couple weeks.
But active FBI investigation was ok to run for president. Had she won, the investigation would continue. Would you talk of impeachment then?
There was no evidence of any wrong going for her.  But him!  It's a gift that keeps giving.  Yes let's drain the murky Russian swap at WH
No evidence? Seriously? Private server for classified govt business? Even the intelligent left will admit egregious wrongdoing.
Every secretary of state has done the same. And the present govt doing same. Bush administration lost over 3 million emails.
"lost" is different than deleted.  Servers were government and not private. etc.  It really isn't an argument.  She got away with it.
facts please only the facts. HRC was cleared by FBI. DJT NOT
So disappointed.  I oppose any originalist.  Recall that women were not included in the Constitution.  My rights as a human are at risk
I will be financially supporting ur opponent in the next election; heavily supporting, as will others. No Gorsuch!
#traitor #nuclearoption
Thanks for being one of the few trying to govern for the country....not party.
Gorsuch is not fit to be SC Justice. WV voters see you supporting the GOP and know they are under investigation for treason
Thank you.
You are no Dem. How much are you getting for your vote? I will do everything in my power to see you are not reelected. #Traitor!
Extremely disappointed in you.
I will donate $$$ to whoever runs again Joe Manchin in his next primary for Democratic candidate.
Better not confirm him for SC or lose your seat. #noprobenorobe #DINO how many cabinet picks did u vote No on? Get ready to lose!
This is a fatal error for your reelection and for the people you represent.  He supports corporations over people-every time?
Gorsuch does not support const.  preamble: "...promote general welfare..." Gorsuch empowers wealthy to suppress democracy & enslave ppl
Thx! Let the adult behavior begin. Dems & Reps better figure out how to do the job together or in '18 ya'll better update your resumes #MAGA
Disgusting, have you no morals? He people who voted for you were duped!
you're not a real democrat or Patriot.
And you have just voted yourself out of a job. Loser. #WeAreAwake #StolenSupremeCourtSeat #Pitchforks
1 / Just left voicemail + sent email detailing why you should vote NO on #Gorsuch. Still time to make a better choice, or #WeWillReplaceYou
Yeah we no that you are a traitor #sad
A vote for #gorsuch is a vote for #citizensunited. He will tilt the court toward corporate greed & AGAINST your constituents. Big mistake.
TY u 4 being principled & recognizing he will rule based on the law & objectively.
Thank you Senator!
And you will lose your next election.
Being a traitor is going around! I guess you want to be too Joe Manchin. Trump is destroying every other place in government, your helping!
Say it ain't so joe
Joe I live in Texas but I will donate also
You are a traitor to the people!
Thank you, Senator. Thank you for your leadership.
Don't do it! If you do, just change to republican. This pick belonged to Obama and you know it.
I'll donate to anyone who runs against Joe Manchin.  A sad excuse for a Democrat.  Shame.
thank you
Trump may be in his last months as president. He cannot be allowed to nominate Gorsuch. There is precedent for that BS. #Fillibuster
All 4 of world's biggest coal companies are in bankruptcy.
You're truly an asshole who needs to quit and join the rest of the GOP, as you are mucyh better fit with them and their "war on coal" mantra
Maybe you can find work as a coal miner after the next election. Fingers crossed, good luck!
Please change your heart and mind re: #Gorsuch. What kind of Justice disregards justice for those who need its protection most?
He is anti worker. You are anti American if you vote for him. Please reconsider and stand with your fellow democrats and your country.
Thank you and it's appreciated that your voting on the side of what's right and not based on politics
Thank you for standing on your own and voting for the country
Big mistake.  No thank you! #FAIL
Yeah so much for "stand together" @Sen_JoeManchin you NOT #StopGorsuch @TheDemocrats @SenateDems #VoteManchinOut
Yay! Good call! I think @JudgeNGorsuch will be an exemplary #SCOTUS judge.
Please rethink this position, vote NO. There are too many questions up in the air now.
Knew you were a man of high character. Think you're on the wrong side of the aisle.
You are just enabling the evil empire that is the current administration to take over. I hope you are voted OUT.
@SenatorHeitkamp And we will vote for your challenger in the next election. #resist
You did the right thing , joe! Don't let the losers scare you!
I hope you lose your seat.
Sorry ur100% wrong abt this!Very disappointed with ur decision we r talking abt 30 yrs!u hav 0 backbone!Ur scared 2get voted out!0 Ethics!
& @SenatorHeitkamp revamp your resumes b/c yur getting dumped. History wont B kind 2 turncoat Dems when we have TraitorTrump
Coward!!
I will be sending donations to your opponent.  Stand with the Democrats, do not support Gorsuch.
vote NO
He's another @JoeLieberman! Why do the Dems get saddled with them! I'll donate!
Nice.
Disapproval!
Odd, I never thought I would give a rats ass about any Democrat ever again, even though, I use to be one. Guess I was wrong. You I support
thanks for making my daughters permanent second class citizens for their lifetimes. No reproductive rights? No reelection!
thank you for putting a good decision before party lines. I will happily donate to your next bid for reelection.
Before the Russian infused elections I said MANY Democrats would vote for trump b/c they are just as evil & racist as he is, but in disguise
explain yourself, please
@JimFT2 we want forget the three so called democrats
The DNC should cut off any campaign funding to them. After what McConnell and the GOP did to President Obama's choice.
that's right we can cut off DNC
Yes, they should be cut off. Screw the clown and the GOP. Any Democrat that goes along with those shit heads should be cut.

Will donate to any primary contender that goes up against this supporter of a traitor.
Enjoy your primary!
Sad.
Bc Gorsuch stands for compassion, women's rights, fairness & human values? You're not only voting anti-dem here Joe, you're voting anti-US.
I think it is inappropriate to vote at all on any nominee until the FBI finishes its Trump-Russia investigation.
@slpng_giants @slpng_giants_ca  it is extremly disappointing you will vote yes gorsuch- Please reconsider-not dem values
I thought you were a coward, but in fact you're just openly admitting you're a #RWNJ Primary all collaborators!
SHAME ON YOU  #MerrickGarland
And a great many of us are now activated to give you Hell come reelection.
Senator Manchin your a stand up guy # Lou in AZ
Thank you Senator Manchin.  You are an honorable man.
Thank you Senator
you are supporting a SCOTUS nominee chosen by a an illegitimate president accused of treasonous behavior,fraudulent acts,RICO violations
Shame on you. Especially when the Exec Office under investigation. Also, you're a Democrat + they blocked our nominee.
Please don't. Neil Gorsuch = devastating Supreme Court justice and NO ONE should be confirmed right now while this WH is under investigation
Think again:
C u c k  C u c k  C u c k  C u c k C u c k  C u c k  C u c k  C u c k C u c k  C u c k  C u c k  C u c k C u c k  C u c k  C u c k  C u c k
Please don't
Thank you, Senator, Manchin.  I felt you would do the right thing & you did. You are the old-style Dem, just like JFK.
It's a #StolenSeat
.@Sen_JoeManchin @SenatorHeitkamp Voting yes to Gorsuch without filibustering shows you are COWARDS. I hope your careers are done, you hacks
Gorsuch is unqualified and unprincipled, which explains your support of him.
You need to be voted out of office. You are anything but you are not a democrat u have never been one.
Gorsuch couldn't be further from Dem ideals. Block to protect citizens fr harmful SC rulings. No vote til investigation ends
Don't expect to win in 2018! You are a huge disappointment as a Democrat!!! I will be donate to your opponent. Shame.
Way to go, DINO.
Thank you for your continued courage to do what is right. If someone wrote another profiles in courage you would be the first chapter
Thank you Senator...You are always fair. Need more like you...
Well done, a true American
Not the best choice for WV
It's outrageous 4 you 2 confirm Judge ruled "Frozen Truck Driver" should've risked life & limb of self & others. U R SHAMELESS! 
You are a traitor to the Democratic Party and I will work hard to support whatever democrat runs against you in the next election!
Tk you Sir you are a great Senator I admire you and You will definitely be reelected for a long time God Bless you for voting Justice Gorsuc
Thank you for not letting a good pick be wasted on politics. I stand with you on this @Sen_JoeManchin
Thank you @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell who support the #America unlike @Sen_JoeManchin who supports #NotMyPresident agendas #TrumpRussia
gee Mr republican that's a shocker. Turn coat go home.
Thank you, Senator Manchin. With your help, the Lord will unsheath his mighty sword, & cleanse this land of the evil that has crept over it.
Thank you for your honesty and commitment to actually working FOR the American people!
Judge Gorsuch is not fit for SCOTUS his decisions are pro corporation & anti workers, women & disabled. Shame on you if you vote Yes.
Shame on U! There shld be NO vote 4 Gorsuch! Especially until #Trumprussia investigation is complete! #NOGORSUCH #NoNewSCOTUS #StopGorsuch
Bingo again !!  
.@Sen_JoeManchin consider yourself targeted 2018! YOU will be Voted Out!
Why do you even pretend to be a democrat?  Shame on you.
I plan to support the candidate who runs against you. You should be supporting fellow Democrats and your constituents by voting no
or insisting none of Trump's nominees are appointed until the Russian investigation is concluded.
Um, why would you do that?
As a native West Virginian, lawyer and veteran. I would like to than you and applaud you courageous decision to vote to confirm the Judge
Thank you sir! Let's move on to with our Country's business.
Unacceptable.
The DNC should stop funding your campaigns. You vote against Dem values and against women.
