women are watching and listening - SA 78240
Speaking of despicable, you often criticized Sec. Clinton for handling of classified intel, but nothing on Trump at Mar-a-Lago?
in case you want to try and pretend you don't know what I'm talking about, here's some context:
Donald Trump reportedly dealt with a national security crisis in front of Mar-a-Lago guests over the weekend. 

And we are supposed to ignore his calls for a muslim ban during the primary.
Beating your wife is despicable, employing people at poverty wages is despicable, lying is despicable.
2. Them feel their on control. Sad, bc their women don't know any better, this is part of their lives.
Puzder. Gah another horrible decision. Let's not pay workers anything.  No min wage.  Despicable
You guys are still crying about Hillary, and then expect us to care if you get a little scrutiny. Ridiculous.
your constituents are extremely angry over your support of all things trump. That's despicable. Voting you out asap
learn to spell!!
We all know the Republican men believe in abusing women&children.This a southern men heritage. It gets them off make
A wife beater had to resign. We know she recanted under pressure. Same deal with your comrade & wife beater Bannon
you have no shame in selling out America nonetheless your unqualified nom has withdrawn in embarrassment #WarOnWomen
"dispicable" isn't a word, senator. But it would describe stealing a Supreme Court seat nicely.
THAT is despicable? Of all things? PS did @BetsyDeVos teach you how to spell?
Don't use sex to sell burgers don't sexually harass employees and don't beat the shit out of your wife. Then say it's all good.
Dispicable is all the labor lawsuits against him and his company. Vote no to Puzder. He is not good for the working people of TX
you need to visit a few time with abused women & ask why they recant! But that might involve work!
of course it is and now join the Dems going after Flynn, should go after Obama for spying on Transition team!
Texas needs expanded Medicaid funding.  Do your job please.
He's going down. Four good Republicans already going to vote no.
abuse is not OK. Especially by those in power #cancornyn2020
Yes. Mr. Puzder's candidacy ought to be opposed on the basis of his being unfit to serve, not his personal life.
when did the character of our leaders stop being relevant?
If you need those records, you're not paying attention to bigger, very public issues with Puzder. Vote no on him!
The left is nothing but hate mob! & the ones on Twitter who constantly attack your every tweet are #FakeAccounts!
nope, just concerned constituents from the great state of Texas who want our congressman to stand up for us!
No you're not, 34 follower astroturf sock puppet. Keep up w/ur circle jerk. It's so obviously fake & ineffective. @JohnCornyn
You also need to learn how to spell, John!
Maybe @BetsyDeVos can teach him. Oh, wait . . .
@SeanGHiggins John, once again, U know he is a bad choice. Why R U playing these games w/us? U R ruining all cred.
Maybe you should work and live on what Puzder pays his workers.
Delicious idea - after all, Johnny already takes three pensions from the great state of Texas.
Soon to be 4 pensions when Texans throw him out.
At some point could you put country first? #gopcheerleader
Perhaps you might consider country over party. The current administration is doomed.  Pay attention or sink as well.
<- 5 follower sockpuppet set up with all the other sock puppet accounts to attack @JohnCornyn EVERYTIME he tweets @dcexaminer
how do I set one up to troll YOU? Your twitter handle is rather suspicious.
Hello constituent here! Character means something to me and I want to know everything about this guy.
Leopards don't change their spots, Senator!! Way to stand up for abusers.
Stephen Colbert just called Steven Miller a liar on air
why is this despicable? If he has nothing to hide...
, despicable that you can't spell despicable.  Where is DeVos when you really need her?
confirm Puzder and grow!
.@JohnCornyn Abused women recant.
also it's "despicable"
SOOO pretty weak tweet overall, senator @cbdesautels @JohnCornyn
Stop deflecting. This guy is a bad choice for Labor, but I have faith @JohnCornyn will give thumbs up--Party Over the People!
When will you stop getting news from Fox, @dcexaminer. Aim for quality instead.
The way you stonewall your constituents is truly despicable.
you misspelled *despicable.
If Puzder has nothing to hide, why contest the order? Men love darkness rather than light because deeds are evil.
Puzder is no friend to labor. Do your job. 25th amendment.
first--you can't spell--second look at his dispicable[sic] labor record---why don't you show some integrity
how about coming home for a town hall? Galveston county would love to see you!
Despite wife's "story why" you couldn't possibly think of other reasons she recanted?  Like fear for her life?
birds of a feather...Bannon, Trump and Puzder
Well, its how our immaculate deception was elected...
dEspicable....and Why? We should know the character of the people in these positions!
a new low
We all know this is a horrible selection that's simple.  Flynn, Trump, Russia, election validity-what is your take?
dispicable that you refuse to speak to your employers, THE PEOPLE OF TEXAS. When is your town hall?
Didn't Trump do the same to Hillary before a debate? How despicable was that? Or Trump discussing NK missile threat in public?
who cares? Instead, please study the consequences of school choice and selling out our schools to special interests!
Seriously? So blatantly 3rd rate. Is there no one you won't approve?
, when are you going to investigate the administration for its ties to Russia?   That's REAL NEWS.  Do you job.
Why did Trump go for such characters I cant get over it
Perhaps you should learn to spell despicable. My indignation at your spelling mistake matches your indignation!
This is disgusting. With nowhere to go Dems attack the family? Records belong to the entire family, affecting all.
U didn't mind Dem email breach. #whenitsuitsu U r a #Hypocrite
you want full vetting for all nominees though, right?  Just like for refugees?
.@baileysap @JohnCornyn @dcexaminer you want full vetting for all nominees though, right? Just like for humans? #HumanCrisis
: Curses, Tom Dascle! (Shakes fist at sky, implores the gods to again forbid liberals from speaking unless spoken to) @dcexaminer
democrats have no ethics...no prisoners, no compromise from republicans
this is an unacceptable choice for appointment. Vote NO
when do you intend to schedule a town hall meeting in Houston? We (you're constituents) have questions,  we'd like answered.
Women often recant due to threats or bribes.  The truth would be nice to know.
What has he got to hide?
you realize Ray Rice's wife publicly supported him too
I'm one of your voters and I agree on this point but however I don't think he is a good pick. Please protect your voters
DEspicable.
What about security at Mar-a-Lago??  Don’t you find this circus a little disconcerting?
Apparently @JohnCornyn got that @BetsyDeVos kind of education. *it's despicable, NOT dispicable ... #gobackto3rdgrade
@SeanGHiggins then why are they sealed?
, despicable, you mean?
Absolutely right!  Vote against him because of his policies and the fact he is unfit for the job! #TownHallNow
is there any repub. that you wouldn't rubber stamp? We now know you're fine with spousal abuse, what would it take to vote no?
How about a town hall?
 February congressional recess is fast approaching (Feb. 18-26).  Let’s talk!
John Cornyn's To Do List:1) Learn to spell 2) Hold a town hall(I am a constituent in 10th Dist) 3) Vote NO on Puzder
really this is what you are spending your time on, really?!
The irony of you callong someone despicable
It's not as despicable as you!
Seeking truth is NOT despicable. I want to meet you at a townhall meeting.
- no such word as dispicable.
Agree this sucks. But why no tweets about important stuff like Flynn or bad security at Mar-a-Lago or Steve Miller?
his exwife was on Oprah talking about it. Do you think we are dumb? I thought you had integrity
I was abused by ex, but if the divorce settlement was huge $$$$, I'd recant. Nothing to do with the nomination, tho.
Senator, please let us know your thoughts on Flynn's cell phone light on the patio at Mar a lago.  Good security or a joke?
how many labor laws have been broken by his co? You will sink with the Republican president's ship. #2020
I realize character matters little to you but matters to me. Recant means almost nothing w/o context. Decree gives context.
Very telling that you're more concerned about his reputation than the fact that he is horrible to employees... @JohnCornyn @dcexaminer
yet would be responsible for protecting them. Labor law abuses, discrimination suits, on & on. #Priorities @JohnCornyn @dcexaminer
your spelling is despicable
SPELL CHECK! Is this a Republican issue?!
Sir, you'll never be re-elected if you think it's OK to hire men who beat their wives! Period.
As expected from Democrats. They no longer care about truth, dignity, or serving this nation.
Oh, boy...
Given a Sec's influence, & 45 poor choices, let's see all in his closet.  Don't you agree to see all B 4 voting?
Answer your phone Coward.
why this and not Flynn speaking to Russia. As a American 1st this should b priority aren't u representing the people
These leftwing creeps have no moral or ethics. They shielded Obama's corruption for 8 years!!!!!!!
if you're going to be our Senator, please learn to spell or at least use spellcheck
Seriously John, is this the only media you read.  Love to talk at Townhall in TX.   Just waiting for time / date
He shouldn't be confirmed because of tax and ethics issues anyway. Answer your phones, senator.
What does this have to do with policy or the concerns of your constituents?
Sounds like the Obama "Dan Ryan" strategy...
*despicable
Did you start classes at De Vos' homeschool? @JohnCornyn @dcexaminer
the fact that you consider the Examiner a reliable source confirms everything i believe about your motives.
*despicable
despicable is being CEO of a corporation that gets rich off the backs of immigrants and coincidentally vilifies them
Insignificant drivel. Let's talk about Trump holding a national security meeting in a roomful of uncleared, random people.
@SenTedCruz @SenateMajLdr Nip this at the bud. It is private and most times accusations in Divorce settlements aren't all true.
hello from the public eye, John. We'll get to your sins soon enough. #CornynFailedTexas
Your notion of "dispicable" is perverted you Soviet bootlicker
and yes, there is actually a valid claim of domestic abuse...so, not really appropriate for a top cabinet position if true.
Nominees for cabinet positions need to be thoroughly vetted, but don't worry, the vetting isn't as tough as what #refugees get.
His record on labor alone is enough to disqualify him. Vote NO!
recanted? You can't be that naive can you?
As my favorite Texas Senator said "Are you afraid of a commission investigation to settle differences?"
How is any different than Wiki-Leaks that your party pushed for weeks ?
it's called transparency, which Republicans claim to care about when the shoe is on the other foot.
what about the labor law violations he has been accused of breaking? Are you concerned about that? No distractions.
if he's innocent then what is there to be afraid of? He should just prove he's not hiding anything. #Transparency
If they felt you would take seriously his labor violations maybe they would feel they need to look into this
no senator, you're despicable for supporting this nomination without getting to the truth of the matter
With all the serious security concerns surrounding #MikeFlynn, the #Trump admin, and #Russia, this is what you're focusing on?
Stop with the diversions, John. We're concerned with Puzder breaking the labor laws he should be defending. #StopPuzder
Barack Obama playbook. It's how he got Jack Ryan to withdraw & he became IL Senator.
HAHAHAHA! I love how you call yourselves the party of family values, but Republicans have a MUCH higher divorce rate than Dems.
How about having the nuclear football guy on FB? Flynn/Russia ties? Were those despicable too?
When Trump announced Puzder: did you Google him before deciding you'd vote in support of him?
kind of one sided don't you think?
Speaking of despicable, you will be responsible for all actions of executive branch if you continue to ignore them
When is the Senate going to investigate Michael Flynn's illegal communications with Russia about sanctions?
speaking of... when are you having a town hall Mr. Cornyn?
assuming you were going to eventually have a town hall?  How would I find out about it?  mailing list? Website? Thx
Not despicable; just desperate for some transparency from the Administration and its appointees
<- 2 follower sockpuppet account (fake account) set up to attack @JohnCornyn EVERYTIME he tweets @JohnCornyn @dcexaminer
You have a closet affair with Cornyn?! Seem a little in love.  #pathetic #sad
He can't buy our silence :)
awesome, I wish them luck. It seems that Putzer treats the women who love him & work for him in much the same way.
Whats despicable is the level of hypocrisy by you & GOP. When will you stand up for integrity & law? We need you
do your job and stand up to Trump and his lies! Texans demand that u stand up the Russians.  @dcexaminer
Let me see... the Left who defended Clinton against impeachment over "sex" want to see divorce records?
Right:Gingrich admitted, while he led Clinton’s impeachment, he engaged in an affair with a Congressional aide.
At impeach. vote, Livingston (Gingrich's rplmnt) gave his resignation. He 2 engaged in an extramarital affair.
Hastert(Livingston rplmnt)was indicted on chrgs he illegally structured $1M in pymnts 2 cover up his misconduct.
Hastert was sentenced to 15 months in federal prison...  Clinton = 1.   (3) Reps. = 0
