Lying under oath doesn't make someone good or honorable #wehaveeyes #resist #ResistTrump #lyingrepublicans #liar
Lying under oath is the "right thing?"  Did your mother teach you that?
Only a career politician could look at this type of ass covering after being caught lying as honorable.
@JudgeTedPoe You mean by lying to Congress under oath Sessions has done the right thing?
he's a racist, but then you must be as well if you think HE'S a good and honorable person
2020 can't come fast enough for Texans. @jeffsessions and @realDonaldTrump won't last that long, thankfully. #RussiaGate
except lie
doing the right thing would be NOT LYING to the senate.
Jefferson Sessions is a Russian proxy who will likely be disbarred once a full investigation is completed.
He's also authored the anti-immigrant, racist, and xenophobic policies that have already marked the Trump administration.
Lying to Senate under oath and not recusing himself until it becomes public is not 'doing the right thing'
never lied but at least he recused unlike tha las AG who didn't after she met with Billy Boy on the Tarmac.
Am I now? Did the other AG recuse? What was a lie? He answered the specific question about the campaign. Try again boo.
you wish buddy. Your hashtags are lame. You tried.
 Sure. I'll start with Clinton Cash, you should read it.
why is it you and your "honorable" colleagues don't believe rules apply them? Arrogant!
we need a special prosecutor to investigate the financial ties.
He lied under oath to the Senate. Do you simply not care or is Republican lying acceptable?
Glad that you will stand by Attorney General Sessions....this is a witch hunt, pure and simple.
how many Dem lawmakers talked to Russian ambassadors. Sessions did in accordance with his role as a senator
the right thing is to resign. Lying under oath is a crime!!
You mean other than the whole lying under oath thing right?
revisit the clinton foundation, janet reno's tarmac trist with bill.
except for the part about lying during his confirmation hearings
, perjury at a Senate hearing isn't honorable.  Surely you understand by now that this isn't just about election interference.
The talks that Sessions dismisses are not the beginning of the coordination, but rather a continuation of working relationship.
so lying under oath is the "right thing" ok then. Good to know.
whoa, he resigned?
AG Sessions has a lot to say about the right thing regarding others. No one is above the law, especially not the AG.
liking discriminating minorities??? You're horrible
The thing with Conservatives is that that they have so many more standards. They have approximately double the standards.
wait, what? Lying under oath is the right thing? Are you still licensed to practice law?
party over country from the side that screams about patriotism lol. Republicans have no shame
I wonder if you or anyone on your staff reads these tweets and takes them seriously? I hope so.
wondering if you are more loyal to your party than to your constituents. Please jump off the bandwagon.
except Lie under oath and got caught!!!
I am going to stop you at "AG Sessions is a"
The next right thing would be to call for an independent investigation.
@KatiePavlich oh horse hockey. And everyone knows it
NO: good & honorable people don't lie under oath. Also incompetent if had a meeting w/foreign ambassador & didn't document it.
it's time that we go on offense against the left. Bring the democratic skeletons out of the closet. Get aggressive against THEM
Because he got caught.
the right thing would've been telling truth from beginning, not claiming to be "taken aback" by question. he should resign.
Sessions told Truth. Problem is left is blind to truth!
Seriously? Lying to Congress is the right thing? Senator, you need to demand his resignation now.
it would be nice if this were true, even nicer for Texas if it were true about you.
You have got to be kidding me.
I set up a website so people can print postcards to send Congress. Expect more mail. We're real.
http://postcardresistance.org 
how can you call someone an honest man if they LIED?? That is not the right thing to do! He needs to resign!
You have his back now.............. right?
.@JohnCornyn So, now you are on the record supporting perjury. Good to know! #TrumpRussia
nope, nope, & nope! 3 strikes! Yer out!
right thing is telling the truth. Now he should resign.  But you and go are now under trump values.  Liars are ok now.
hmm....lying is the right thing to do? Senator, you have some serious explaining to do. Face your constituents. #UnitedMajority
disagree.  Be fair minded and not so partisan
Any concerns about Russia, sir? @CongCulberson
YOU are an honorable man.  never put party before COUNTRY. Russian Government and Republicans don't go together.  AMERICA 1st!
He is neither a good man nor honorable. You can't gussy up racism in gentility and southern charm and call it a day. Shame!
good. then you will support a detailed investigation into the russian involvement
sessions lied under oath,  how is that honorable?
we need public push back on Dems and MSM on this Tussian garbage!
he is a racist and a liar. Shame on you.
Sen. Cornyn is a questionable and deplorable person, who has consistently put his party before country.
stand up and fight again liberalism you have the support of this Texan.
you have aligned yourself with a corrupt politician. We will remember.
He was cozied right up to McConnell during the State of the Union. #Besties
bullshit... he just got caught being a scumbag...
he did the "right thing"only when caught. My 6yo has a better sense of integrity
You may want to reevaluate your stance on your friend...his story is unraveling and falling apart....
972-239-1310. Let's all call our dear senator and demand he call for Sessions to resign
Maybe he is or isn't. It doesn't matter now that the #RUSSIANS can blackmail him into acting on their behave and not ours.
Lying under oath is the right thing??
Key question: Why lie to Franken? Because he didn't want to answer follow-up question about discussion. Why? We want to know.
Perjury? That's the "right" thing?
the right thing was to tell the truth originally.
having an AG who perjures is like having a treasurer that embezzles. Any FBI who perjure would be FIRED. #SessionsMustResign
When are you going to STOP blind Partisan politics and do what is RIGHT for this country? America deserves BETTER than this. 
 Good one, Senator!
I wonder if he had been an immigrant if you would be so forgiving.
you are a terrible tweeter.
Is it good and honorable to lie under oath? If not, back an investigation into perjury to get to the truth (and clear his name).
Lying under oath isn't considered a right thing. #hypocrisy #resist #persist and hold #texastownhall #hearourvoice
I agree except that the recusal thing is unnecessary.  The Dem Russian mantra is utter nonsense. Don't let Dems get away with it
unacceptable! He lied under oath!  How can you see nothing wrong with this action?
He had no intention of "doing the right thing" until Dems held his forgetful feet to the fire. #russiagate
You are correct and I expect you to support him and Pres. Trump fully.
Your use of "honorable" is truly dumbfounding #perjury is not honorable. When is your #townhall? That is doing the right thing.
you all better be careful which side you pick. Because my guess is the FBIis going to blow the lid off of this Russia BS. 
he has done the right thing. After being caught doing the wrong thing. Don't enable him. It makes u look dirty too. R U?
No he lied under oath to you and other senators!
it's not enough
First DeVos, now justifying Sessions. You truly have #nobackbone. Party over people time & time again. We got your #: 2020
Supporting a perjurer will be hard to explain in 2020. Supporting treason may be even harder.  #doyourjob #ImpeachTrump #2020
@tedcruz Supporting a perjurer will be hard to explain in 2018. Supporting treason may be even harder.  #doyourjob #ImpeachTrump #midterm
There's a fine line betw supporting your Pres & being a patriot.History will remember the latter more than the former #doyourjob
Seriously, Cornyn, do you ever read your responses? Either ur constituents don't follow you on Twitter or your not representing.
Has he always been honorable?  Just want to understand your position.
your endorsement unfortunately means my condemnation
Said no one EVER.
but trump is not. Release trump taxes. Why is he afraid to. What is he hiding. Trump said sessions is honest so he probably isnt
He lied twice to Congress at least. Do I get a pass on our laws here in the lone star state too? How many free crimes do I get?
you have a funny ironic sense of humor
An honorable American would not make back door deals with Russia, selling out their nation! Shame on both of you!
riiiiight......
lying not = "right".John when are we going to hear your voice requesting an independent investigation into Russian interference?
lol
yes, he could've stated his response more accurately! Hopefully we won't have to say "you're fired"!
An honorable person wouldn't lie under oath. Or at all.
Cornyn is just like the rest of the Republicans.  If you don't get caught, it's honorable
He lied knowingly. He lied about meeting with a Russian diplomat. He is not honorable. He has a record of not being honorable
He should never have been confirmed in the first place.
really?! Look at the facts
With the sulfurous smell of perjury hanging in the air. Wake up John. Your tribe has become toxic to the republic.
the question is will You do the right thing? If Sessions is not guilty then an investigation will be exculpatory.
.@JohnCornyn Since when is lying the right thing?
he is a criminal and you are just as corrupt
what's honorable about lying under oath to Congress?
He's a partisan liar, just like you, and possibly a traitor.
lying under oath is the right thing? Shame on you for putting party before country
so good and so honorable he lies about the lies he lies about
Jeff Sessions used campaign funds to travel to convention meeting he said was part of official Senate business https://www.wsj.com/articles/jeff-sessions-used-political-funds-for-republican-convention-expenses-1488509301 …
well, @jeffsessions went above & beyond what Dem counterparts ever did over last 8 years. Dems dodged, yet he was forthright +
A good and honorable person would not have lied under oath.
he lied, under oath, for a cabinet position.  Remind me where the honor is.
R u n me? Wow. Can't wait to #canCornyn2020. It shouldn't be hard to find someone with more character than u. We deserve better
That's the funniest thing I've heard all day!
If by right, you mean wrong, then ok. Same logic applies to politics: the conservative right is usually wrong.
Stop defending Russian interference with our elections. Be a true Texan and fight back. Special prosecutor. #Constituent
Country before party.
Does your hypocrisy know no bounds? Sessions should resign ASAP, and you should be among those calling for it.
apparently you are just as 'good and honorable'...translation lying through your teeth, just as Sessions did
Not so much. He did the right thing only after he was caught in a lie.
.@JohnCornyn Wrong!! This is nonsense and you know it! Fully support Trump or primary challenge 2020
He afraid of his state turning 50 shades of purple.
Was that before or after he lied to Congress & the American people?
I can't wait to vote for whoever is running against you. Grow a spine and stand up for what's right.
How about looking into all that Hillary has done 4 yrs 2 line her pockets & destroy our country!
Whine Whine Whine U guys r a bunch of lying sorry losers that need to focus on the fact that hopefully Hillary goes 2 PRISON
hypocrite!
Hmmmm...that would be negative on all counts. Still waiting on that #TownHall
lying under oath is the wrong thing! We need a special prosecutor instead of sessions with his lies and conflict of interest
sessions should resign that's the right thing
It figures that you would think that way.  It takes one crook to know another one. You're an embarrassment to Texans
Following the law is not note worthy what is note worthy is lying under oath.
Your assessment of his character and behavior says WAY more about you than it does about Sessions.
hey @JohnCornyn the nursing home called it's past your nite-nite time.
enjoy ur last term in office u partisan HACK!! I've lost total confidence in u. Ur about as bad as @tedcruz & that says a lot!!
He lied under oath and recused himself when the only alternative would have been to resign.
Sessions lied under oath but he is a white republican male so that makes him above the law
and, still does.  Amen.
you mean when he was a liar or when he was racist? Are these the values you hold dear ? Meditate on Matthew 23:23
@JudgeTedPoe Jefferson Sessions perjured himself in his confirmation hearings. Demand his resignation!
AG Sessions did not need to recuse. republicans need to support Trump Admin rather than grandstanding.
AG lied under oath - should be disbarred in addition to fired, sincerely an attorney
AG Sessions never did anything wrong...dems and rhinos are grandstanding 24/7/365
Good and honorable people do not lie to Congress.
.@JohnCornyn Since when is lying under oath "the right thing?" #investigateTrump #russianCollusion
I'm sorry, "good and honorable" people don't lie under oath to Congress. I'd think you would want to uphold the Senate over him.
showing republican loyalty lying under oath is the right?
Why don't you back him up instead of siding with GD democrats??
I believe the "right thing" would be not lying under oath. Or do we have to remind you that perjury is a crime? #Sessions
the "right thing" now would be for him to resign. And possibly go to jail. #lockhimup #lockhimup
well now we have in writing ur standards for "good and right thing". Nothing honorable about him or u. Country above party.
and yet you have not schedule a town hall? 
perjury is not good nor honorable.
, did you notice most comments are opposed to you.  Guess what?  #cancornyn2020
yeah sure... keep telling yourself that...
#cancornyn2020
Too bad there is a new standard of honesty, ethics and integrity.  It's time to raise the bar John.
i would rethink that statement.
Shush
he is far from a"good and honorable person" and the right thing would be to resign.
Where is your backbone. Support Sessions. WE all KNOW their is no real problem with Russians it's an excuse to undermine Pres.
Questionable ethics and you support him? Town hall.
russia will not go away. Independent prosecutor needed.
you'll find yourself on the wrong side of history on this one.
what about @HillaryClinton emails? What say you abt all hearings? #CrookedGOP #VoteOutGOP #Trumprussia
Well, you're half right
#partyovercountry ol' timer #nointegrity
@jrouseiii Chief Lie Enforcement Officer of America
after doing the wrong thing at least once.
the GOP lives in LALaLand seriously so over them and their lies #votehimout2020
After doing the wrong thing!  Need to have a full investigation into Trump/Russia relationship now!
You're part of problem. UNIFY!
@SenThomTillis Flynn got 40k from Russia. How much 45 give U 1-19-17 CNN on live air? Or did U have direct line from Russia too?
He lied to Congress.
he lied under oath. You might want to rethink your definition of honorable
