Senate Rs are working with the House and POTUS to reform our counterproductive tax code so the economy can grow and create more jobs..
Good luck with that.
Oops. I forgot to put my tweet under my sarcasm font. That's what happens when you tweet after your bedtime.
Tax the rich the same way Eisenhower did and Make America Great Again!
What a load!UR trying to get tax breaks for Rich Folk (millionaires like ursef) & for Big Bidness.Typical GOP moves.
When Republican Say "economy grow/more jobs" 
Translation : Middle class dies 
See: George W Bush.
And the rich will get richer...
.@JohnCornyn Sir, Americans want you to reach ACROSS the aisle! Blind faith to party is not working for America. 
you mean so the rich can continue to screw over the peasants? No, thank you. #resist
Cloaking their actions and calling it consensus. Should they vote themselves a pay raise, beware the wrath of Bubba J.
I wish I could call you literally the worst, but @SenTedCruz exists. You are figuratively the worst. #DoYourJob #Russiagate
dear John are you an alien disclosure advocate
C'mon, 80% is selling yourselves short, you all want to fuck over the middle class and give handouts to the rich. #SwampPeople
how bout you work w/your constituents and the democrats it's not all about Republicans #votehimout2020 @karenhunter
THE TRICKLE DOWN SYSTEM IS DISPROVEN! Stop giving away tax cuts for the rich you greedy jerk!
defeat democrats and rhinos.
National flat tax,  simplify streamline tax system so there can be no cheating, no paperwork.  Corps collect taxes 4 govt
Oh shit, what are you going to screw up now?
Eliminating the EPA and the Endangered Species Act is not in that 80%. Nor is building a wasteful wall. #GovtMatters
In the end it will be about the top 1 %
Tell us your thoughts on investigating Trump and Russian connection.  Let’s do a town hall!  C'mon, John: you represent US.
Double down on failed trickle down? No thanks. #TownHall now!
more than Obama did? Doubt it
what does that actually mean to you? I support everyone pays and lower rates for all, but also want to see offshore assets taxed
how about that town hall?
nothing is happening, show ya the meeting notes, or anything
house and senate Russians I think you mean
I'm sure the 1% is delighted
You went to law school. You see what's happening. Complicit behavior implies support of a traitor. We know what Comey said.
try working across the aisle. You are there to represent all, not just agree with yourself.
Code for "screw you, middle class!"
how is trickle down working in Kansas?
Senator, I think we all know Comey told you there are far more pressing issues.  FOCUS!
Oooooor you could stop giving tax breaks to big businesses and let us regular folks keep more of our paycheck to spend
yep right after he stops tweeting
cool. Could you agree to look at the presidents tax returns?
Rich just keep getting richer. Things that help poor ppl is a living wage & affordable health care. Anything else is a farce.
don't act like your working john
subpoena Dr. William Thompson of the CDC immediately to testify of the vaccine study FRAUD!!!!! @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence
Great! How about you come discuss it in some town hall meetings with us in Texas? Thanks!
Where are the real Patriots in our government, a Traitor is in the white house, Do What is Right protect our Democracy!
So I guess bi-partisan support isn't even a goal anymore. The Rs tossed that out the window 8 years ago. SAD!
lol keep retweeting yourself. I did the same as a high school loser
Bring it.  If I can spend more of my money, it makes me happier and helps those with jobs and businesses be more successful.
you need to have a town hall. If your policies are so great for the working people, you should have nothing to be afraid of.
Every $ in DC got there through some form of taxation. If tax reductions aren't revenue neutral cut the dadgum spending!
You mean so that your bank account can grow.
zHow much is your cut?'
still wondering when you're going to meet with constituents for a town hall. Voter from 75189. #wewontstopasking
#investigatetrump #txtownhall stop following trump and work for constituents.
do you also agree that our so called president needs to be investigated and is destroying our democracy?
I give up. You and the GOP are unrecognizable. I had no idea how reckless & weak y'all were. Say goodbye to winning ever again.
the economy was doing great... are you trying to make the stock market go down and make unemployment go up? #failfriday
.@JohnCornyn Sitting U.S. president had an INSANE press conf filled w lies then called our free press an enemy. THIS is what yr working on??
make sure you sent just cutting breaks to the rich.  Us middle class need it too
the last reports I saw were that we have already been at peak performance before you repubes took over - don't screw it up, r's
that remaining 20% could be resolved overnight.  Overwelming amount of us "need" it.  Get Act Together and do it.
@JoeTalkShow I hope this is true.
and the middle class will be left behind yet again. #TownHall
What's 80% of R?  How  repulsed you are when you look at yourself in the mirror? Only 80%? Work harder. Should be 100%
John McCaine needs to be on a short leash if you hope to accomplish anything in the senate. Trump bashing is getting old.
I'm sure McCain will stop when Cheeto Fuhrer starts acting presidential, and not an unhinged, pathological maniac
so you'll write a cute PR tagline, while continuing billions in corporate welfare- bailouts, breaks, cuts, subsidies for top 1%?
you better focus on the middle class and not the rich or plan on looking for another job soon!!
.@JohnCornyn what about @realDonaldTrump trampling 1st amendment by attacks on media? You can't believe it when he calls them fake can you?
Gerrymandered districts mean no real representation for the people. You don't speak for us.
John, are you in some debt to Russia?If not, why are you not outraged and investigating. National Sevurity first?
 I hope the 80% is #FairTax17 #FairTax . Tax reform does not work!
Any consensus on 45's attack on the first amendment or is the plutocrat party just trying to scrape off as much as possible?
@JoeTalkShow Let's do a deal.
Party before country. You've sold out John.  We have questions when you have the courage to have a Town Hall #gutless
Coward. Party before Country. Sad.
As long as all the R's agree.  I know you must be grateful to the Russians who made this all possible for you!
A real Repuboican, George HW Bush called what yall are selling, voodoo economics. As a Trumpateer, what would you call it? #2018
Translation: tax breaks for the rich, and the rest of us left to shoulder the burden. Your policies are bad for the country.
How about working with other party too and try to unite nation? U may not get everything u want but nation would be better.
It appears @JohnCornyn doesn't realize interparty consensus isn't consensus. Why don't you try working for 100% of Texas instead of the GOP?
he is convinced he doesn't have to be accountable to anyone except the party line. I can't wait until election time
I don't believe it
I'm afraid what you mean to say is cut taxes for the wealthy and corporations. Please feel free to prove me wrong.
You're wealthy and only care about the wealthy.  You and your comrades don't care what your constituents think, Town Hall John!
He couldn't distinguish it from a hole in a wall. Time for a town meeting, senator!
And you have put our national security at risk to do so. Country first.
Oh yeah, according to MSM you are all in chaos. Please explain to your constituents next week.
- How about some Town Halls in TX during the recess? Investigate 45 admin & Russia. Vote NO on SJ 18 - cruelty to AK wildlife
Who benefits from this tax code?  1% again?  Like always?
You better do something about the Russia situation.
I keep feeling like you know but are just using Trump as a puppet right now. 

I don't think it's going to help your end game...
border tax?
Lets get this going.  Ready to see this implemented #MAGA
#Answerthephone #TXtownhall You never answer, don't come around no more, what's a gal to think? Guess my vote don't matter 2 u.
thank you Senator! God Bless 
Consensus to screw over the working class and increase income inequality and the deficit?
Get rid of the perverse incentive to favor passive income while punishing earned income! Make it fair, tax at the same rate!
I remind you that I AM one of your constituents. And I have many friends around me. We're ALL watching you. #investigatetrump
we are watching.  The more we learn about you the more we realize the need to gather more of us to #resist
Is it the border tax?
Fantastic. Can we talk about it at the next #txtownhall? Or are you just going to mindlessly bleat GOP rhetoric at us?
sir, do you see anyone tweeting about the damn tax code. Will you PLEASE stop sitting on your hands about former Soviets hacking
exactly!!!! The only TAX ? We want answered.  TRUMP's shady taxes...
You want tax breaks for the rich. Which is a failed tax policy that led to massive government debt and recession. Do better.
good luck with that whole import tax thing
Focus, John! Russia and corruption are what we want you to focus on! Oh, and when's your next town hall? #ScaredHuh
how was that meeting with Comey Senator?
