Perhaps you should have included them in writing it, as they included the GOP. How can you support it? Oh that's right money for the rich.
Oh John. Such silliness
Unwilling? Who's been working on this behind closed doors? Who shut out the Dems? Please define "unwilling"!!
We have NEVER been unwilling to work on this issue. You and your cronies have walked away from bi-partisan work. You hide in the closet!
Reality: Republicans unwilling to go on the record or on the air defending their nauseatingly cruel, anti-working class, greedy bill!
You have been unwilling to work on Obamacare....you should be looking out for all the people not just the rich that you & Trump support.
Why the rich?  Why not the rest of citizens?  Citizens. American citizens. You have no compassion for us.
Don't forget across state lines purchasing etc Senator Cornyn
Fake news.
Your position is that who people who get sick should die if they can't pay for treatment. Don't bring Dems into this.
this just a video of you saying "democrats wont work with us" 

the panel was committee of just repubs 

u lying john cornyn?
13 old white men wrote this bill in secret.  You never invited Dems to help, you shut them out by insisting on repeal which this is not.
It's your ball, you run with it .
Texas is ashamed of you.
He doesn't care. As long as old ignorant Texans vote, he's in for a long time.
Republicans need to work together! Stop infighting and make a great plan 4 us!
I'm pretty sure there is only a tiny fraction of the population that thinks "Republicans are coming to the rescue" with their bill.
What a Lie. @JohnCornyn  
It is not reform it is exclusion
keep up the good work, gop congress needs to take control of healthcare from dems.
No Democrats invited, no Blacks, no women - that is not working reform.
Elizabeth Warren: GOP blocking Democrats from health care talks
No they're not! You unwilling to include them. You want a GOP win not a bipartisan victory. Bad legislation.
TrumpCare has a 17% approval.
Repealing the Net Investment Tax, discrimination through eliminating basic Essential Benefits only works for the greedy not the majority!
You lie like a dog, John! Republicans need to do some serious introspection. How can you sleep at night knowing you are hurting Americans?!
You said "We Care" then why take all the money from medicaid and give it as tax breaks to the top wealthiest in America? Your bill is cruel
What a liar you are!
Because you will not let them work with You in drafting any bill so how can they if you won't let them?
You lie.  Republicans trying to kill Obamacare just to prove a point. I wish I had a good senator.
#AlternativeFacts #Turntxblue
They had just told you they were willing to work with you, I watched the whole briefing! LIAR!
Fake news... written by John Cornyn.
You guys didn't give them a chance to work on it. This bill will devastate me as a disabled veteran and be even worse for my granddaughter.
Not true!
The hypocrisy out of your mouth never ceases to amaze
How can D's work on #healthcare when you kept it a secret until today? Plus, D's want #Healthcare4All and you want it for the rich only.
Cornyn, you lie every time you open your mouth. Who are you serving? It's certainly not the people of Texas.
YOU! Senator, & the GOP are de-stabilizing the health insurance industry. Shame On You! Go Count your money $$$$
I guess you're betting people will forget by the time you're up for reelection. Guess what? They won't.
You did this behind closed doors. It's pretty rich for u to act like they didn't want to have input. News flash: they did. U didn't want it
U would cut medicaid. 75 MILLION AMERICANS DEPEND ON MEDICAID.

AND U DO IT TO GIVE BREAKS TO THE ALREADY RICH
Ur so called healthcare plan that u wrote in secret is a POS that serves only 2 hurt middle class and enrich u and the other rich greedy 4ks
I know. They haven't attended a single one of the super-secret, nonexistent hearings......
Because the ideas you have come up with are horrible and it's the GOP who don't actually want to work with Dems
I think you're using the word 'reform' a little too broadly here. D's don't want to strip coverage from millions of people, you do.
Repeating the lie doesn't make it true. Ask .@SenSanders .@JeffMerkley .@SenSchumer .@RonWyden if they would like to work on Healthcare refm
And you are actively working to imperil women's health. Under your watch, TX perinatal mortality is highest in country.
You're in control, John. Stop whining. You had nearly 10 years to come up with a reform plan and this is the best you can do?
Are you serious? I won't even dignify this with a comment
The flat out lie was concocted to mask your secrecy and disingenuous drafting of the tax cut for wealthy bill
The assertion that Democrats would not have worked to fix health care is a flat out lie, Senator.
Right after House ACA, Tim Kaine on NPR said he looked forward to working with Senate GOP to craft a good bill.
To be unwilling you have to be invited to the table.
I don't know who you think is buying this load of absolute crap, but it looks like no one. Of course you'd know that if you'd talk with us.
and?  Weren't we here before only backwards.  DeshaVu? ok I can't spell it but you get the drift.  Get every Rep on board and 2 Dems.
Liar lying
Vote no!
That's because you are shoving your plan down their throats. Say aaah!
Well not work for repeal. Will work for repairs. And you know it. No integrity.
@JohnCornyn is the epitome of partisan politics..him giving this speech is irony & ignorance wrapped up in one clip.
You wrote the legislation in secret. When it starts  negatively impacting your constituents, you will somehow blame the Democrats.
Gang of 4 needs to be convinced as well.
When did you offer them an opportunity (in 2017)
#UrNothingButDevisive#embarrassmenttoTX#UOfferNoSolutions#UrPartyTalksAboutTermLimits#UShdGo##Ineffective
If you were a decent man, you'd be ashamed of this travesty of a health care bill the Senate introduced. 2/2
Your ACA revision is simply a cut to benefits for the poor and huge financial rewards to the super-wealthy. 1/2
How many of your tweets do you actual believe?  R's work in secret and then you want to blame D's for being unwilling to work on healthcare?
Again, senator, you are putting party over the American citizens. Also being hypocritical; the GOP blocked the ACA. Matthew 25:40.
Everyone now knows your truth - cya in 2020 #evil “You will not certainly die,” the serpent said to the woman
You've lost your damned mind. Oops. That isn't covered. Tell us all about all the hearings and work sessions you held for input.
Sir, you excluded Dems from this whole process. You have both houses. If you can't pass a bill, it's on you.
Republicans unwilling to do the right thing for their constituents!!!
You lying titty baby. The fixes to ACA are easy. Instead you'll wreck 1/6th of the economy, and destroy the lives of millions. legacy!
Weren't you "unwillig" only years ago?
@PostTVWe have had 8 years of obstruction.  Didn't hear you complaining about your party obstructing the dem  president.
They were purposefully excluded! Then you hand over a pile of shit and say, "they won't work with us". Ridiculous
No, they're unwilling to be railroaded into complicity with you damn kleptocrats. You are really beginning to look like an evil person.
Not surprised
Translation: Democrats unwilling to negotiate dumpster fire over and over again.

Fixed it for ya.
This video makes no sense. Fix Obamacare if it's got problems but stealing from the sick and giving it to the rich has nothing to do with it
Unwilling- how about your unwillingness to hold a town hall and meet the folks ur supposed to be working for? We'll see you -out in 2020. 
You never wanted it to be successful or you would have worked, for us, the American people, to make it successful. It works in my state! 2/2
That's not true, but more importantly stop saying ACA was a failure. The failure was in the lack of support for it over the last 7 yrs. 1/2
Just heard your comments on #HealthcareBill and have to ask, how do you live with yourself, honestly?
Where is the repeal?
Uh. Have you invited Dems to participate?
Just repeal. Don't repair or replace.
Bet they'll want to get involved then.
Oh please
Sorry, you mean the secret bill that no one saw until today? Hard to work on something when you're not allowed to read it.
Do you think we are that stupid? Your bill, created in secret, no meetings, no debate. Trump's excuse is stupidity, what's yours?
@JohnCornyn, take  @SenateDems up on their offer to work on a NONPARTISAN healthcare bill. Stop this BS of not in a NY minute! #FiredIn2020!
Not healthcare... INSURANCE
Great speech
 Bravo sir. WE NEED THIS TO GO VIRAL @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @kayleighmcenany @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @CNN
Bold statement since you just showed them the plan TODAY
I'm f^cking Cdn and I know it's f^n bullshit how can u ppl believe him !you're not tired of getting screwed by Repubs wake the f.^ck up
Sounds familiar. Another "do nothing" congress. Time to find someone who will reach across the aisle. #turntexasblue #replacecornyn
Since Texas already denied Medicaid expansion, how does further gutting Medicaid give Texans access to healthcare? This is merely a tax cut
How exactly are Dems "unwilling to work" if they have been afforded no opportunity to do so?
Saving healthcare by supporting the AHCA is like burning a village down to save it.
Congress will soon have their health insurance repealed and replaced with what you shove down our throats.  Proceed carefully.
what an elegant characterization of the Republican party's shameful acts, bravo Cornyn
Constituent here. Dems wise. Mega-lousy bill. Destroys lives, including those of my children and grandchildren
I think you are trolling us, JC. You only post BS that gets people riled up vs you. Dems can't work with something they couldn't see b4 now.
So you're accusing them of doing what you did for 8 years? Why do you think it's so important to provide extreme tax cuts for the wealthy?
That is BullShit.
There were over 50 bipartisan hearings  on the ACA, w/input from Repub. you are brain dead and need to be voted out!


Health-care "reform" or dismantle?
You were unwilling to work with others in Congress.
Liar
This is not transparency. This is not democracy. This is not a shared decision by members of Congress.
Such a liar!
No, they were shut out. 
By you & 12 other men who sat in a closed room making decisions about healthcare for millions of Americans.
It's not my fault I failed... the other guys wouldn't give me the answers. @JohnCornyn line of reasoning
Your hypocrisy would be hilarious - bumbling, see-through, inept -  if only tens of millions of lives weren't hanging in the balance
unwilling to help you to kill people to give the top 0.01% big tax breaks. 
ftfy
Stop the charade GOP doesn't want healthcare for Americans, they want $800B for 3M Americans. You and your sociopathic GOP are the problem!
You are driving over millions of people with this bill.  And you don't care.
and @tedcruz lie. I used @botresist to express my outrage at cutting @PPact and gutting coverage for #PreExistingConditions.
Cornyn: Democrats unwilling to work on health-care reform http://wapo.st/2rZwUTy 
this is literally a video of you lying about the Dems not wanting to work for you. How do you even sleep at night?
Seems like you really hate the old, young, poor and sick.  Why?
You are a liar. How were Ds supposed to work on it? Your secret group of white men kept it locked behind closed doors until today.
Cornyn: Democrats unwilling to throw 23+ million off of health insurance to give top 1% a tax break they don't need & likely won't notice
That's a straight out lie
liar. you and @realDonaldTrump make up so much crap.
Hey and they are not stupid...no one wants to get anywhere near this catastrophe...you guys should have rethought writing this in private
I am beginning to think you have the same loose and tenuous relationship with the truth that the Great Orange Donald does...
Unwilling...uninvited...same thing, no difference.
Kinda hard for the Dems to work with you guys when you guys drafted the #HealthcareBill in secret.
We see you lying to us. Resign now.
Your lies are more blatant with every Tweet. You've done your damage. Your best option now is to just shut up.
Dems did work on health-care reform, diligently and effectively. It's called #ACA. They're unwilling to help you undermine and dismantle it.
Because nothing matters.
Power, actually. GOP has no ideology.
What did you except from the party of obstruction? All those scotch filled lunches never pay off. Get to work and get the grandstanding Rs
Did I miss the R's cant get a majority of senate R's to back the republican plan, or did you majority whip miss that point?
Am I missing something? Did it not just get revealed today? #Stopwiththisphonynarrative #divisivepolitics
Wow. How obstructionist... I mean, they had ample opportunity to engage...if they could find the secret closet it was being crafted in.
You're delusional.
Be honest. You really mean they're unwilling to work on tax cuts. 2/2
Right...is that why they've held news conferences and held the floor the other right asking for reason and partnership on improvement? 1/2
Liar.
Typical you, blaming Democrats for your own failings. This constituent asks you to vote NO on Trumpcare!
That's why they made it a priority eight years ago and had dozens and dozens of public hearings and insured millions more. Uh huh...
Unwilling? You are such a liar!
How does giving an $800,000,000,000 tax break to the wealthy improve healthcare for Texans, @JohnCornyn?
What closed sessions were they asked to be in?
Which @TheDemocrats did you consult for the bill you released? Oh, you mean they're unwilling to just agree to whatever you want. Got it!
horse shit!!!!!
We've seen the letter sent to @GOP from Schumer. YOU'RE LYING JUST LIKE YOUR PRESIDENT!!!
Maybe they don't like the idea of stomping on the sick, poor, & elderly to achieve a massive transfer of wealth to the rich.
You mean the one you put together behind closed doors?
Wrong.
Call it what it is, Senator. It's not health care reform, but tax reform that only affects your richest campaign contributors.
Rand Paul is a dem?
Maybe if you tried to fix Obamacare for the past 9 years? How much hypocrisy can you display?
Pretty sure I've seen Dems asking to work on this. Why are you such a phony??
I wouldn't want to be complicit in the murder of American citizens either. How much are your donors paying you for their deaths? #healthcare
What a lie!  You and your buddies go behind closed doors and draft this POS legislation and now when we see exactly how it will hurt........
It's been out for a hot minute!!! Chill, we all know it's a sham already. #NoAHCA #SaveACA #resist
can u reveal who u reached out to @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @indivisibleATX @IndivisibleHTX @indivisibletx03 @indtx36
It's embarrassing having our disabled citizens having to protest for something that we should be protecting. I am appalled at the GOP.
You &. the other 12 cronies wouldn't even let the rest of the #GOP see or have a say in your #AHCA and you blame Dems? You are a steamy pile
Do you care about your constituents or is this just a big game? Lives are at stake. This makes your disingenuousness all the more cruel.
So you didn't get the response you wanted with the 1st post, you send it again?
NEWS FLASH- Dems are smarter and work harder. You keep that lie alive and destroy your credibility. We see you all.
Cornyn: Democrats didn't help us on the bill we refused to let them see or be part of.  Also, I'm a corrupt piece of excrement.
You own this. You obstucted the ACA from the beginning. All you care about is party-big tax breaks at the expense of women, elders& kids.
Take responsibility for your own  pos legislation. Stop blaming- get to work. Fix it or fail it.
