And automatic registration. Why not do both, automatically provide registration free of charge in all states?
And while that, and the independent investigation, is going on, also investigate Russian interference. Needs to be confidence.
Because what really disturbs me about the president is he's saying, "Everyone, every politician is corrupt... but trust me."
Which undermines American confidence in ALL elections and officials.
After all, if the level of voter fraud is as high as he claims, why should we trust him? Or you?
9 out of 10 tweets about voter fraud and bickering about IDs, not one about when next Town Hall is.
and that 10th tweet is about tacos  he must really think we're idiots.
"Hmm, Texas...they like tacos right? Can't get mad about tacos, ha!"
You hear that John? We'll bring tacos AND show our IDs, how about it?
yes!! Let's bring tacos :)
did someone say tacos?  I'm there!
Where do u stand on "automatic voter registration" which was mentioned in the Gallop article? Thanks for bringing it up?
a majority of Americans once supported slavery
why are these lumped together?
what about making voting day a National Holiday so that all the folks working 2+ jobs can vote for their interests?
we should be making it easier for citizens to vote, not harder. Constituent from 78728.
all polls showing that people want voter suppression are fake news. SAD.
Most Americans also support automatic registration and early voting. If you are governing by poll, use all of it.
Are you in favor of automatic voter registration? And don't you have to pay to get a driver's license? #polltax
. @JohnCornyn I am a constituent and would like you to come to Houston to discuss this issue with your voters 77007
Yes we do!! (btw-the 100 different angry sock puppets libs that swarm your tweets) do not represent USA ... #FakeAccounts.
I'll be sure to tell my family, my friends and my job that I'm fake!
Another proud Texas "fake" here. Who knew I didn't exist?
Nearly 7 in 10 thinkTrump is #unfit for Executive Office yet you havent called to #ImpeachTrump
Terrific thing to discuss in-person. Town hall in Austin? I'm a constituent & have plenty of thoughts on this.
I'm absolutely certain that you understand what GOP is doing! People died for me to vote We won't go back! You'll pay
1 identified person who is otherwise eligible to cast a ballot in the election being held equals 1 legitimate voter.
Voter ID laws are cheating and you know it.
You know what is particularly disenfranchising? Gerrymandering. Tackling that anytime soon?
"Studies have shown that voter ID laws reduce voting among blacks and young adults"
I support making it easier for ALL citizens to vote, INCLUDING the hispanic majority in your state.
You forgot to mention the other results: Automatic registration, more types of ID accept. Overwhelming support for those
I have to have an ID and address to get a LIBRARY BOOK!
Your voter registration card is your@voter ID. Fee based IDs are poll tax. John knows this tho. Right?
This is called voter suppression. Early voting good. Overly aggressive Voter ID Laws bad.
Gonna vote against you 11/03/2020
You sure do have a funny way of misspelling 'lobbyists'. Is that why you supported DeVos? Because you can't spell?
Your President said Polls are wrong!  So which is it?  How about a town hall?
And I have a voter ID. It's called a VOTER REGISTRATION CARD. Why did they send it to me if it's not good for voting?
yes! They keep making up nonexistent problems to fit their need for authoritarian controls. Daddy issues much?
Lol. Well they can't manage to solve real problems so they focus on imaginary ones.
Call them what they really are, Anti-Democratic Voter Suppression Laws, and look at the responses then. Integrity, Sen.
Will they be free? Accessible to ppl @ wrk during DPS hrs? Bureaucracy cleared 4 those w/ppwrk issues like seniors? Those are the concerns.
I've also notice the SAME lib sock puppets (fake accounts) respond within MINUTES of your every tweet. @Gallup
You sure do have a lot to say today about voting. Not suspicious at all. Let's talk about it at a town hall in Dallas.
FROM SAME POLL:"Studies have shown that voter ID laws reduce voting among blacks and young adults, who tend to vote Democratic."
. @JohnCornyn How many voters support the elimination of gerrymandering? How many support a national holiday for voting?
Get real...you know EXACTLY what you are trying to do with voter ID laws.  God is watching you and you will pay in the end!
I'm go with that as long as you support automatic registration that 63% of us want according to Gallup. Making sausage.
I'm sure a town hall meeting with us would clear things right up.
No one has a problem w/ voter ID if you actually make ID's accessible and free, you boob.
Sounds like one in five doesn't. Greater than 0. Hear them out. Make the effort to push policy toward greater approval.
Great, I hope you'll also read the part about automatic voter registration #votersuppression
I am not paid to protest. Stop discounting your constituents.
voter ID but not suppression. Don't use id to prevent voting.
Voter fraud is a myth perpetuated by douchebags like you who can't win w/ out cheating. Add gerrymandering to the list.
D's not on board with common sense: ID's for political transactions. Head scratcher.
Texas won't be a red state forever and it's looking more and more like it's time to make that leap
I hear he has a habit of putting people and groups of people off. He'll find out Election Day what a mistake he's making
Then make it happen!
Voter ID is fine, so long as federal govt issues national IDs under consistently applied criteria. States clearly not capable.
You want to suppress voting bc you are scared as hell all these "paid" voices will actually show up and #vote2020
most of Cornyn's constituents support repealing and replacing their senators. #CornynFailedTexas #CruzFailedTexas
ALL Texans want to be represented in Washington. Not just the ones with deep pockets.
Thanks for being super up front that this "illegal voter" investigation is really about voter suppression.
Americans would also like same-day voter registration.  You looking into pushing that for Texas?
Public support doesn't change the Constitution nor the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Until law changes either, ID reqs are a no-no.
who is questioning voter ID?  I'm more concerned about voter suppression and apathy. #notapathetic #txvoter
Enough about the polls, when's your next town hall? We have a lot we'd like you to hear.
misleading headline, we all want easier access to voting period is the takeaway-Rs have fanned flames on voter fraud lie
...and tacos, apparently. Thanks for continuing to waste our time tweeting.
- more early voting, automatic registration and Election Day as national holiday all helpful to INCREASE turnout.
-- 4.8 out of 5 Texans responding on your Facebook post supported a NO vote on DeVos. Polls good when convenient? #TownHallTX
this should be federal law.
So if there's no evidence of widespread voter fraud to support this imaginary problem, you'll drag out some polls?  Please stop.
You know who it disenfranchises and yet you persist with these lies. You should be ashamed of yourselves
You don't want people to vote. You know it's not voter fraud and you persist with this fallacy
as opposed to voter suppression - yes
I did this poll. Nowhere were we asked if we favor breaking the party stranglehold over the electoral process
also longer opening hours and more accessible polling locations. And STOP GERRRYMANDERING
What's your plan to help poor/rural voters have adequate access to forms of ID, eg Expanded DMV locations, accepting student ID?
You should want all people to vote not just the people that will benefit you
You all don't want people to vote. If it wasn't an advantage you wouldn't fight so hard to keep people from voting
@realDonaldTrump hitch your train to the Donald! #Trumprussia #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
About the same percentage of Americans that support disclosing Trump's taxes. RU familiar w/that stat? #Cherrypicking
How about you talk directly to constituents. Tweets are not real interactions, John.
Welp more misleading. another posted before you read. "63% of Americans support automatic voter registration"
Must show ID, endure background checks to buy one. Fingerprinted to carry one. Constitutional right. So should voters.
Would love to discuss at a Town Hall meeting. When are you coming home?
Yes ID is good but make it easy to vote too. Easy voting, more places, more days, more hours. Get us interested big gov.
TSA will not accept Texas CHL as a valid form of ID. Found that out first hand. Only took a pat down for me to board.
This is a waste of time and money. How many voted illegally in the last election?  5 ?  Not with the time
What kind of voter ID? Like Texas where handgun permit works but student ID won't? Where SCOTUS said unconstitutional?
I am one of those supporters of Voter ID Laws. Thank you @JohnCornyn
but 4 out 5 American don't want Devos as the head of education
As long as each state is required to help low income people with compliance to avoid any suppression.
yeah that can't be right.
If republicans stopped using Voter ID as a voter suppression tactic it might help your cause
Interesting - do the support the current laws or additional laws that prevent pretend mass voter fraud?
Early voting, Weekend voting, Same day Registration, will be stolen away in the name of ID. Number of polling places deceased.
let's talk about how your president wants to bypass the judicial system
.@JohnCornyn pretty much how America felt about voting against Devoss. How did that end?
do you support the deportation of 400,000 immigrants from Houston?
and 6 out of 10 support automatic voter registration. Stop cherry-picking facts to support your one side view
Most Americans did not vote for Trump. Most want to see his taxes. Most Americans don't want the Wall. Most Americans. . .
Along with early voting and automatic registration. Voter ID laws, absent those features are discriminatory.
There can be buses that go all over to help people register and get ids free. They could go to grocery stores, schools, churches
A quick poll question without explaining the discriminatory background and effects of voter ID is worthless.
it would be great if TX had a month of early voting. ID should be free and easily accessible.
Why aren't college ID's accepted forms of ID or work ID's? Expand your list of ID's allowable for poor and marginalized
Absolutely!! No one should be able to vote with a copy of a utility bill. Ridiculous!
Where is your bill to provide monthly(?) mobile ID distribution to all precincts?
poll means nothing according to Your commandant unless it supports republicans narrative.
heres a good idea. Hold a town hall and answer your phones is so many ppl agree with you
national voter registry with free ID, local polling places and no voter suppression and I will join your train of thought.
Ask 45 how accurate polls are. Did you finally decide to stand up to him, you brave, brave man?
you're from Houston. Come meet your constituents.
Yes, you should verify identity. Just don't make ID cards so expensive & difficult to obtain for poorest population.
this constituent supports more early voting. Voter id is solving no problem except too many brown people being allowed to vote
I've got one too. 5 in 5 of @JohnCornyn & @tedcruz constituents will not re-elect them. When U don't listen to us, we move on.
deflecting from fact that Flynn is a compromised mole for Russia.  Tom Price is a crook.  Trump's biz conflicts.
Yes!!! #InvestigateTreason #FlynnIsDirty #WhoElseIsColludingWithRussia #ShowMeTheTaxes
Boggles my mind that anyone would be against it.
have a plan to distribute  texas Id cards to the poor and elderly?   My guess is you don't.
you've had eight years to come up with your ACA replacement. Silence. Focus on something that matters.
2 out of 3 support automatic registration! How about you make that happen? Also maybe you should quit hiding from constituents.
I disagree. I think that voter fraud is much less than the problem of not enough people voting.
Four in five Americans also believe that angels are real. That's when happens when leaders keep repeating big lies.
Winner, winner chicken dinner! Watch your feed for the week, this is the red narrative du jour.
But they don't support Voter Suppression. It's that and gerrymandering keeping people like you in office.
why are you hyper focused on this?  What about "Alternative facts"? Tax returns?  Russian election involvement?
How about using vote-by-mail like Oregon and Washington?
4/5 of his constituents did not want DeVos confirmed, yet he chose party over children.
Amen! #WomenVote #Resist #YouWorkForUs
Wonder how the numbers would differ if you hadn't spent the last decade lying about voter fraud.
And 5/5 of your constituents support you taking time to #AnswerThePhone
Hey @JohnCornyn! Did you miss this? We want access to voting for ALL Texans. Not just the ones who agree with you.
Yes, explain this. A town hall meeting would be ideal, one where all your constituents are invited
And if voter fraud was so pervasive, we have to assume it helped get you elected too, right?
John, you should be ashamed for these dog whistles on voter fraud. You know 3-5M didn't vote illegally, ALL for HRC
We also support proper districting that accurately represent all constituents equally. #Texas78613 #resist
I can hardly wait to tackle gerrymandering in order to unseat Reds
As long as those voter ID laws do not discriminate or alienate voters, then by all means. Can your laws do that?
4 of 5 also support restricting gun sales to people with mental disorders. Yet you still oppose that don't you?
Amen, brother! Plus poll from Aug of 2016. Given # of people impacted at election I suspect redo wld change #s
how many Americans support Flynn's conversations with Russia undermining the govt? #priorities
A'll of the educated ones who regularly read high fidelity reporting
should it even be a question?
