.@JohnCornyn says Trump's budget is "dead on arrival"
Are you finally providing checks and balances?
I'm not holding my breath on Cornyn finding his long lost principles.
Release trumps taxes to Mueller
We're paying close attention to this budget issue. And we vote. And SCOTUS made an important ruling today, did you hear about it?
JC, I can support you on this position.
SHAME ON YOU
When is the last time a budget wasn't declared DOA?
My nephew could have written a better budget than Trump's. 

Seriously.
GOP gerrymanders have now been struck down by courts in 5 southern states: NC, AL, FL, TX & VA. Big deal
Don't get upset, Cornyn and the GOP will do their damnedest to take away Medicaid from the most needy of Americans.
@SenTedCruz and @JohnCornyn are just Trump puppets.  They do not care about their constituents...or Americans.  Just $$$$ in their pockets
Probably truth to that for sure!
Work on #Building The Wall #MAGA
Maybe this shouldn't be the case.
If they're all DOA, why did you whine about Obama not submitting one?
Are you ready to concede this was always partisan garbage?
This is clearly just a way for you to dodge being on the record either way on the points of this budget. It's transparently spineless.
Vulnerable people (children, disabled, elderly) need govt assistance. Close corp loopholes. Don't destroy safety net 2 give tax cuts to rich
There are no cuts only a reduction in increases. Thank you @POTUS
Troll acct: You arent well read, are you ? Please actually research the topic if you are commenting. Putin is likely paying you too much.
Then why did you cry about Obama not sending budgets....
You're all pathetic. @POTUS drain the swamp, please!
Your annual reminder about presidential budgets.   Doesn't mean they aren't important.
Good. The military does not need more $ but better contracting.
Well then why don't you do something with your co workers to fix the problem?  What are you doing?
The GOP will do anything to see the poor and Moddle class living on the streets .Its what there big money donors pay them to do
Good easy to follow thread on how Trump's bonkers budget proposal makes no sense mathematically.
A short thread using MATH to show how bonkers Trump's budget is on the tax side. Get your calculators out... 1/
It's a start, but let's not get our hopes up.
That says a lot about Congress.
The fact that you are apparently incapable of ANY criticism of the president does not help your image or credibility here in Texas, sir.
Pass this budget!
Trump's budget calls for slashing Medicaid by $800 billion and spending $1.6 billion to begin a Mexican border wall REALLY?
Good to hear from his candidate for FBI Chief
A man with a conscience?
Mr cornyn, an explanation is appreciated. The senate, as usual, re-works the proposed budget. Technically it is not dead.
Have to ask, EXACTLY what it is that causes you to state that?
It better be. Social security, Medicaid should not be touched for your upper class tax cuts.  Your careers will never recover.
Why?   I'm so tired of the republicans not doing their JOB.
Senator, can you at least TRY to cut some spending?
Why @JohnCornyn because it doesnt include another huge raise for congressman
Why do they even bother to write a budget then?
Wouldn't want to consider one that cut spending and had a plan to balance
But you love this POTUS John. You're going to sink your career because of him.
Soooo....who has a better version? Can I count on my kids still having insurance?
How many years ago did presidential budgets become mere talking points, LBJ or JFK? When did #Congress quit taking them seriously? #history
Stellar! So it's just a fantasy of what kind of carnage he's like to see inflicted on the country! Oh so humorous.....
Lots of Trump schemes will be DOA!
Now that GOP has had 8 years to develop a budget, let's see if they can pass one that covers more than a few months. No CRs.
If true, wonderful; however, Potus budget is a guess. House is responsible 4 budget, w/Senate agreement. Where is your budget?
Why does @JohnCornyn's twitter pic look like a promo for a new season of Sons of Anarchy?
So why do presidents submit a budget? To provide a blueprint?
Sure, it's a wish list. And apparently he wishes to fuck a lot of people up.
He's the leader of your party, this is what the @GOP stands for!
Too many cuts to education particularly public service loan forgiveness.
Country over party, sir. Please. This time it's really important. What if your legacy was statesman, rather than simply politician?
Please don't hurt Medicare, Medicaid or social security m
We are paying attention Mr Cornyn. You work for us!
explain please.  Y are all Potus budgets DOA?
Budget. Rich people get richer and the poor get poorer. That's' the GOP's budget.
Lol. She tried to getchya!
Shows priorities though #SAD #BIGLY
Yes, you'll just be passing omnibus spending extensions like u did under Obama.
@JohnCornyn .... Trump's proposed budget is one of the worst ever.  Trump is unfit...he doesn't have a clue about fiscal responsibility.
Sure, but it shows his and the GOP's values. What are your values, senator?
Yes, time to chip away at the least able to afford  it, while lining the pockets of the ones who need it the least.
# why is it dead on arrival so u can support your pork enough is enough government waste money check IRS bonuses close to 4mill to employees
Budgets are moral documents, manifesting priorities of the people who draft them. Don't treat this like inside baseball. We know better.
@LACaldwellDC we r holding u to that!  We r watching u like a hawk & any capitulation on your part means u need resume 4 new job
illegitimate: not authorized by the law; not in accordance with accepted standards or rules
Why is that John?
Does this include the education budget, which robs public schools, after school programs, and the special olympics?
senator, you sound like a damn Democrat!  Watch out, YOUR JOB IS NOT SECURED!
u really r something  back off this president
are you as excited to screw over lower and middle class Americans as the corrupt admin is?
Bogus
John, your staff never answers the phone when your constituents try to call. You are disconnected from the people who put you in DC. CUCKED!
Agreed, I think this senator has run his course!  VOTE HIM OUT!  You need to respect the voters.  Respond to our needs!
At least we agree on SOMETHING.  #ImpeachTrumpPence
