Mr. Cornyn don't let big insurance reinstate lifetime maximums. I was dx w/ stage 4 breast cancer in 2010&and would've hit a cap years ago
That's a big part of what the GOP wants reinstated is the caps-Big insurance isn't going to make big money if they have to pay medical bills
to screw over employees. Duh.
instead of trying to justify repeal why don't you guys try to fix the things that are wrong...or would that be to sensible?
What i want is for texas lawmakers to take responsibility for premiums sky rocketing by refusing money to help pay for the cost
Not me
Repeal only! Nothing less will do
November 6, 2018 
Bzzzzt This must be the same source you people use for those fake crime stats you roll out to terrorize americans into civil war
100% of the employees of the 60% & 100% of the employees of the remaining 40% incl. their employers don't want you to touch Obamacare. QUED.
60% don't want it repealed, they want it fixed but by your definition a SBA can have 1200 employees & make $35M annually, not fooling anyone
It times you start working for people and not for yourself and all those that you may owe debts to.!
Answer: they prefer single payer.  You may be onto something. 
Can we please find a bipartisan solution to save TX lives?! #Trumpcare is a plutocratic mess & you know it. Stand up for your people for 1x.
Yes, some things in the ACA need to be fixed.  Don't throw the baby out with the bath water
Our country is moving forward not backwards. We will push for single payer with or w/out you.
Outlook: "This GOP" is destroying the party.
Who will these small business owners hire when sick people can't afford to get well and come to work?
92% of toads want it repealed too. Lies, damn lies and statistics. You are displaying your ignorance and bias tweeting this BS.
That's one of those "ALTERNATE FACTS" right?
Maybe you ought not be in business if you can't adequately compensate your employees with a decent benefits package.
Small business wants to end Congress' health benefits.  They can join the free market like all americans
They don't care if their employees have healthcare. Shame on them. If a small business doesn't care for the employees, shop elsewhere.
Really, John? TX is #1 in uninsured people b\c of Perry & Abbott, which Chamber of Com. has denounced both on Medicaid exp. stances 1\2
they will be saying the same thing about Trump care or cornyn care in a few yrs . why r u not concerned that most don't americans don't ?
I'm a small business owner that most certainly does not want it repealed.
Good, because these clowns blaming it on small business makes me want to boycott them. GOP attempts to divide us. Again.
If you think $900 a month is a lot for a family, you should look into what Texas school teachers pay AFTER their employer contribution.
improve @obamacare DON'T #RepealAndReplace
Sir, you look like US Sen from central casting but you have Neanderthal brain. Yates 10, Cornyn 0.
Oh so the GOP suddenly cares about someone other than the 1%. Don't buy your propaganda.
Because of GOPer sabotage. John, you were a part of that. Don't you remember?
You're reaching and trying to find anything that might support your position.
But why do 60 percent of Americans support the ACA?
BIGLY alternative facts...you'd better quickly figure out if you're Country over party John. #FakeNews #VoteThemOut #WeWillRemember
#ObamaCares because Obama cares and you don't.

Putin elects an idiot & @gop acts like it won the lottery & goes on a spending, killing spree like common criminals https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/861254691568492544 …
I don't trust your stats. Because you have no idea what millions without affordable healthcare will do to Texas and the Us
When are you going to put you witch hunt to destroy ACA aside. We get it, you racism want all things Obama did gone.
Whose running against this guy? Let's make some calls and send some money on their behalf. @JohnCornyn is lying.
We own a small business I we don't feel that way Senator.
Trump administration manipulated premiums so that they would go up& then he would use that rise in premiums to hawk his shitty TrumpCare
the Majority of American people want  ACA! Had hypocrite #gop not try to sabotage & lie about #ACA it we'd b working stop lying
Republicans plan has a 17% approval rating, don't lie
Please work 4 a #FullRepeal & NO! 2 AHCA! Socialized medicine is bad for Americans! #UnitedForFreedom! No to gov't over-reach in our lives!
They don't like one thing, you want to throw the whole thing out.
and 80% of the people want it kept
John, this is a pre- #AHCA from a skewed source. Small biz owners favor the ACA over the AHCA:
The majority of everyday Americans want improvements to Obamacare. We want to keep essential benefits & pre-existing condition protections!
Lies
Edit, don't scrap the whole thing!
About 60% of the country doesn't want it repealed. They want it made better!!
Repealed/replaced with what? Repubes had SEVEN years to work on a plan and this disaster is the best you can do? Failure!
I want YOU repealed, ass hat
Stop  lying 

How can u be a Member of The Church of Christ and be OK with millions of Texans going without affordable health care?????????
Like you give a shit about small business lol tell us another one John
No 22% of electorate want ACA removed, 78% want ACA. Better get your facts straight.
Why the 90% of your constituents want you to take your head out of your party's backside, actually do what is right for the sick and poor.
No companies want to provide #benefits to #AmericanEmpoyees.  Thanks for making sure millions of us will have no #healthcare #Traitor
Why does Congress get to keep it?
You have total disdain for the welfare of the PEOPLE you represent. Hypocrite.
Did any1 that wanted repeal specify that they wanted ACA replaced with a flaming bag of dog crap? If so, AHCA delivered.  #AHCA #Trumpcare
An overwhelming MAJORITY of the PEOPLE do not want it repealed.
I can't start a small business because I can't afford individual insurance with pre-existing conditions under Trumpcare. Why do you hate us?
@JohnCornyn - ExxonMobil is working with Vladimir Putin on a 1-2 trillion dollar deal.
Small business owners - like MoC? How many know that their offices are designated SMALL BUSINESSES & we pay 75% of their premiums.
Chasing that corporate dollar instead of standing for those that need your help the  most.  Typical
I don't necessarily have a problem with that goal. I have a problem with legislation that doesn't have support of healthcare industry.
And the employees of such employers?
Tough news, buddy - despite what your donor list says, you were NOT elected to represent business owners.
When a single company matters more than the many workers, we have a corporatocracy.
- Single payer fixes it. You need women to join McC & his "12 Angry Men." Why no women? No Trumpcare
So they can make more money and leave their employees to bankrupt themselves covering their own healthcare costs. Duh.
Now ask how many of them would be cool with single-payer
Well over 60 percent of Americans who rely on #ACA want it. And define "small business." Let's try single-payer like the rest of the world.
$900 for 5 people isnt bad. 2 person business arent mandated to cover employees. Fix the real problem. Insurers drive up cost to get profit.
@ElainePofeldt hi I'm female would you like my take? I'm also super white? No? Ok
And their employees have no insurance and they have more money.... and can't change jobs if the do .. no preexisting conditions
right, your policy has joe the plumber in mind. which is why all the tax breaks went to the 1% for "healthcare reform"
You should talk to leadership in the Texas Medical Center about why they DON'T want it repealed
constituents and of you vote to repeal Obamacare provisions, they (and their families) will vote to REPEAL you.
My husband is a small business owner and he (not his employees) want Obamacare provisions repealed. He and his employees are also your
#comradeCornyn, amazing how many foto's of you and Ross Coulter show up on google, and by the way, he pays less for his insurance than me
Did you also ask what the elderly, or women, or people w pre-existing conditions wanted as well? Ahhh...still no Town Hall...
#ComradeCornyn what I am loving is that almost all the responses. no matter what you tweet, are negative on you,you're tweets,you're views 
Did you also inquire as to what the 24 million people that you are going to kick out of Healthcare wanted? Oh wait, you don't do Town Halls
What poll was this???
Another load of misinformation, aimed  at us, your constituents. Want truth, stop insulting us with your ridiculous tweets and meet with us
They'll be thrilled when they discover what Republicans did to them with #TrumpCare. Singlepayer is the only viable option.
If u mofos had helped write It originally, maybe it would've worked for everyone. F'ing Obama was all u cared about!
stop trying to con us on a crap bill and focus on writing a good one.
If we had a single payer system, this wouldn't be an issue.
How many of those small business owners are in Red states whose governors refused to expand Medicaid?
Well, let's repeal the mandates first and use a temporary 10% sugar tax. Details sent to my representative Buddy Carter.
60% of companies most likely would like you to FIX IT not repeal it. Talk to their employees - also your constituents for what they want.
Only 17% like what you have done so far
Small businesses are exempt from mandate, and there are benefits provided to help with voluntary coverage. If they're still complaining,
They're probably either not actually a small business, or are responding to what they THINK ACA does, not what it actually does
why 100% of the American WORKER wants Obama care repealed! loss of the 40 hr work week ! Not having 2 jobs! No Insurance
Cannot be 100%. I don't want it repealed.
99% you are probably somebody that doesn't work at Walmart or McDonald's or greyhound
How about leave it in place and pass the amendment Rep Sam Johnson sent to the Senate that allows small biz owners to join together in coop
And your new plan? You've had 7 years. Remember Trump said it will be better and cost less. Better. Can't wait. Any day now.
60% of the 700 biz owners surveyed = 420. 420 people want it repealed, that's what your tweet should say
Was sample size relevant?! E.g. R squared. I'm guessing not. Do this article is non-sense.
What about small business employees?
Maybe we shouldn't rely on businesses for healthcare.  You know, like every other industrialized country.  Single payer is coming, John.
Small business owners in particular, but all businesses deserve single payer insurance, shouldn't be responsible for hc
what Washington fails to do. Convention of States will. Midterm elections will be interesting for some
Pre-existing conditions are covered "as long as you have continuous coverage"-not so easy to do if you have a major illness and can't work!
Most Americans aren't small business owners. You represent ALL Americans, not just the minority whose interests align with yours.
I guarantee, if they knew what a repeal would do to their employees, they would want you to fix it.
Oh. Single payer could fix that.
How many employees from those 60% want to keep their insurance? Related: why are you siding with companies over actual people? I'm a Texan.
Because they are drowning under obamacare
RT @RBReich So much for this. The House bill slashes Medicaid by $880 billion, almost 1/4 of its entire budget.
Anyone consult with the other 40%?
can't wait to see what bullshit questions you come up with today, John.
although, knowing you, it will be less seeking information and more a monologue to smear President Obama.
because the truth is, you don't give a she damn about the security and integrity of our country.
Hold a #townhall to find out why 60% of your constituents don't.
Cornyn is too chickenshit to face constituents.

So fix the problem, don't gut it and throw millions off. House main issue was tax break for rich now trying to rationalize the move.
The regulations on small business are crippling.but why is a private business paying for someone's healthcare? That's ' socialism'
We need to know what TrumpCare is going to do for the average citizen. If u can't do that shut the hell up & sit down!
75% of voters want trumps taxes released 

Release the documents on Flynn
