
Susan Collins: Trump is "affecting the ability of vulnerable people to receive health care right now." 

Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 
I'm in Texas. NAFTA was a disaster since CONCEPTION. after NAFTA, we watched small business close & windows boarded...
but guess what, trump will say dump it and lap dog Cornyn will follow along. then nuke NK,exterminate Puerto Rico, dictatorship.Sad and weak
You need to be repealed, not updated.
... up within MONTHS after NAFTA established.  It's against Americans & NOT needed.  Refusing to support NAFTA...
So you are saying repairing problems are the way to go. Good, let's start with ACA, move to guns. Finally hearing us.
Tell the guy in the White House.
I never thought the GOP would become the party of treason, complicit in the destruction of democracy. Do the right thing. #ImpeachTrump
Update it, repeal it, I really don't care. As line as it's 1: NOT COSTING US JOBS; 2: we're not getting screwed; 3: NOT COSTING US JOBS!
So what are your feelings on this?
We are watching how you screw Texans.  Healthcare Nafta,  ect.  Next election should be fun. 
Anyone but Coryn
Look! We agree on something! Yay!
Texas needs to update its senators.  No repeal, just defeat.  Vote out @SenTedCruz in '18 and then @JohnCornyn in '20. Part of the problem.
hopefully any changes will benefit the TX farming/ranching community that you serve
Did @NRA Buy your Common Sense on #GunControl ?
Here are 58 Reasons to Reconsider Protecting 
#LasVegasShooting
and rich people do NOT need a tax cut.
Senator, Can you convince the President of that?
Your seat needs a full repeal
so does the ACA regardless of the GOP talking points of last 7 years! Admit it & stop sabotaging it!
We need to repeal and replace John Cornyn with a new face in Texas one that will help all people
Whole GOP is complicit. 2018 is coming. Fire #GOP @GOP.  77015
Wouldn’t that be the case with the ACA, and Education as well. Not the interior, not the EPA, and EDU going back to 1970’s regs that kill us
Congress needs to be updated. Replaced. Including you John Cornyn.
Your unmitigated failure to represent texans is unprecedented.  You fail your office.
CORNYN, TX will be watching you. People commenting NAFTA good are ALL DEMS & love Obama. We are not blind. @seanhannity
... NAFTA was a crafty trick against America. Republicans want it gone. SUPPORT PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP! @seanhannity
nafta needs repeal....no more unilateral agreements....only bi-lateral, if any.....actually contracts between private parties are best.....
Kinda like your congressional seat?!
Tell That to Donald directly! Time to have your voice heard!
Then why didn't Obama do an "update" or Bush? If Trump thinks after 24 years it needs repeal then by george, REPEAL it!
Repeal is needed.  Why try to fix programs that are fundamentally broken.  Repeal first.  Replace later if needed.
You’re part of the swamp we need to replace.

then get a coalition together and let @realDonaldTrump know REMOVE his title he's just a man @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC



Try playing chicken with Nafta.... You will lose.... And so will we.
Great thinking! Like Affordable Health needs revision/update. You can still do the right thing. #Healthcare
What are you doing about it?  Are you finally going to stop being a toady for Trump?
In our 4th administration since NAFTA was implemented. Was that not enough time to Update it?
Again you not for the American workers, end NAFTA now and MAGA!
This one might be a genuine bot. 
Sounds like what needs to happen with the 2nd Amendment. What a great concept! Update.
Oh! Sounds like the ACA.
Would rather see us fixing things, this administration has walked away from international leadership creating a power vacuum
But you will stand by your president as he blows the whole thing up.
Cut this down to 15 words and maybe the president will read it
Agree as well.  Same with ACA and 2nd amendment.  Why destroy things improve on them.  Wonder if this is really your actual position?
I think you mistyped @JohnCornyn. We need revised GUN CONTROL.
Could say the same thing about the Obamacare
Nobody ever said that before Trump.
Is that your position? Or, just serving as a conduit again? Where is townhall schedule so we can discuss your positions & performance?
Go be a man to your boss and tell him
Wise words Senator.
For those of us who don't receive kickbacks, repeal sounds just fine.
Tell your president
Ditto ACA!
Congress needs #TermLimits, not corporate donor influenced politicians
Agree.  Same thing with #Healthcare - update, improve, not destroy with no alternative as POTUS is doing.  You own these issues now.
See how that works, Senator? Health care needs update, too. How about working together to HELP Americans w/ affordable, comprehensive care?
So does the ACA.
Wisdom. Sorely needed up there in Washington.
So, how will you make this happen?
Oh, John, your party doesn't do repairs.  Your party and the President just tear things up.  See Affordable Care Act. Party of obstruction.
POTUS needs a repeal.
