God bless Texas!! And thank you Mr President for giving Texas everything they need during this disaster!  God bless America!!
What about hurricane sandy ?
This is a  Cat 4  not some media hyped northeast "Super Storm" ( tropical storm) Texans will take care of each other  before  the Feds come.
That was kinda my thought too.  Usually, Texans don't just wait for the Feds.  Thinking of West, TX, people coming together. Amazing!
HEB bringing their pharmacies and kitchens for disaster relief.  HEB is a TX owned company.  Pretty awesome of them!
Question senator: As the self/daddy proclaimed 'dominion messiah' shouldn't you be able to part waters, bless fishes&loaves to save Texans?!
Cruz will get a helping hand, even though he gave Sandy victims just the finger. America is better than Ted Cruz.
Who cares what Cruz says or does. He's a 2 faced coward that didn't even avenge his father after the "Orange Clown" smeared his name. Sad!
You voted against aid for H. Sandy. How do you live with yourself?
Complete bullshit. Cruz and Cornyn happily denied funds for Hurricane Sandy, and only changed course because midterms are next year.
Nah they changed course because this affects them. They don't give a shit about anyone else.
Hurricane Sandy? “A man reaps what he sows.”  2 Corinthians 9:6, Galatians 6:7 #hypocrite
We do need a wall. It should be built along the Mason-Dixon line.
Ted Cruz =Hypocrite
Always!
I read a lot of the comments. I have to wonder if losing the oil which supplies 1/3 of our nation's oil is the motivation for compassion
Where was your #DisasterRelief trigger finger when #NJ was devastated by #HurricaneSandy Ted? Hopefully your constituents have warmer hearts
Will you answer the question about your hurricane hypocracy

But when the east coast needs assistance... #HurricaneSandy #hypocrite #karma
Two words: hurricane sandy.
4 words: Sandy was a GIRL. We ALL know how RepubliKKKans treat & feel about women. It's the 'Good Ole Boys' club doncha know!
Why did @SenTedCruz & @JohnCornyn vote against the final #HurricaneSandy recovery bill? Will you vote against #HurricaneHarvey funds?
Democrats should force Cruz and Cornyn to publicly apologize for their Sandy vote before giving aid to Texas.
Can you explain why money for Harvey and not Sandy?
Um. No. You voted it down for others.
U folks bitchin about past how about supporting Texas! Go donate blood, food, water, etc, for the people who will need it. God bless America

They both voted against disaster relief n lied about their vote being being due 2 too much pork. Vast majority of Sandy bill was for relief
Yet you voted against relief for hurricane Sandy
Both these senators voted against Hurricane Sandy relief. Now they beg. Disgusting hypocrites both are!
And where was Raphael for Sandy relief?
Is the the same @tedcruz who voted against relief for NJ after Sandy? That Ted Cruz?
Hypocrite
I thought you believe ppl should fend for themselves & if they need help, it's their own fault? Doesn't apply to CERTAIN ppl?
Yeah that took courage !!!
don't U find it a tad hypocritical when you tried to block aid for Katrina victims?
Also @GOP is working on taking a sledgehammer to FEMA. Nice one, guys.
What about the arpaio pardon.
Isn't that convenient? Hurricane Sandy didn't deserve this but you do? #Hypocrites
The people of Texas deserve the needed help. The same help you voted against when we needed it after Sandy in NY & NJ. YOU burn on Hell.
I usually donate for natural disasters. Because of your response to previous disasters, this time I will donate nothing.￼
Opportunist hypocrite @tedcruz
See my reply to one of your other comments.
No money for you, it is gods will. you have been bad.

So does the GOP now support lawlessness and trump pardoning Arpaio? #impeach
Voted against aid 4 Hurricane Sandy & now asking 4  federal assistance ahead of Hurricane Harvey. He's a phony Christian hypocrite! Simple!
Cruz voted against Hurricane Sandy FEMA funding. Now wants it 4 Texas. Simply has "0" honor! No honor defending his wife/father or otherwise
Cruz/cornyn will be against federal hurricane relief $ since they voted against Sandy, right?
I wonder if NJ senators will try to block Federal aid to Tx? If so it will be all your fault
H
Y
P
O
C
R
I
T
E
S

We suffered - your man didn't give a shit. https://www.dallasnews.com/news/weather/2017/08/25/texas-lawmakers-now-bracing-harvey-voted-sandy-spending … #HurricaneHarvey
And YOU voted against aid for Hurricane Sandy.  But now you want it for Texas? Disgraceful little man.
Cruz, You voted "no" when NJ needed aid after Hurricane Sandy.  You have some nerve asking for funds!! Hope NJ returns the favor!

The congress should give Texas the same level of support @tedcruz gave to the NE after Hurricane Sandy.  Nothing.
You voted against disater relief after Sandy. Choke on your own filthMay the Gulf sweep all you love away you hypocrite.
SHOCKER! TX Senators who voted against aid for Hurricane Sandy ask for fed asst ahead of Harvey
The irony is thick
Remember when @tedcruz voted against Hurricane Sandy relief?
Ah the pain of hypocrisy. Boo fucking hoo.
But I thought you repubs pulled yourselves up by your own bootstraps. ...
Exactly.
I wonder how many Texas congressmen and senators who voted against Sandy aid to New Jersey will now be grabbing their behind bowls.

Texas senators who voted against aid for Hurricane Sandy ask for federal assistance ahead of Hurricane Harvey http://hill.cm/xHJJk36  
Pay for it yourself, Texas.
ASHAMED on you criminal Arpaio free IMPEACHMENT STOP racist trump I remember next year when I vote for doing nothing to stop trump
So you believe in Federal Gov POS?
In 2013 for NJ he did not! Folks wake up! Read this!  https://www.cruz.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=212 …
Look at the balls on you. No Fed $ for Sandy, but your crappy state deserves it? Fuggedaboutit. #Harvey2017 #HarveyStorm
What goes around comes around Ted! Remember your vote on Hurricane Sandy aid. I'll bet @SenSchumer will take the high road where you didn't.
Ted, the weather gods are sending you a message about climate change.  Start listening.
Add my name to the list of those who view @tedcruz as a total hypocrite based on his opposition to Hurricane Sandy relief. 
Why Ted?  You voted no for federal assistance on Hurricane Sandy.
Remember that pesky Hurricane Sandy and your opposition?  A little hypocritical?
The Reoublicans need a new verb: To Hypocrite. Right, Ted?
NO FEMA $$ for TEXAS!
Weren't you against aid when it was for Hurricane Sandy? Why are you asking the big bad government for aid now?
No money for Sandy, but now you want it for Texas?  You're a boogerman
How u gonna pay for that????? No aid for you.
You should get exactly what you wanted for the victims of Hurricane Sandy.
Are you expecting Congress to fund your disaster relief when you voted against it for NJ after Sandy? JK, I know you are.
is there funding to under FEMA
Didn't give a crap about Hurricane Sandy victim. Hopes and prayers not enough now?
Texas senators who voted against aid for Hurricane Sandy ask for federal assistance ahead of Hurricane Harvey
you voted against aid for hurricane Sandy victims.
Huh, I remember when Hurricane Sandy hit you voted AGAINST giving relief money. So why should you get now?
Texas will remember Ted Cruz. You support a racist President. You aligned yourself with an evil man.
Remember Superstorm Sandy? Unlike you, I actually would not want that to happen to the people of Texas. #lowclassTedCruz
You're starting to think like a liberal, asking the government to help your State out in its time of need. You're officially a Democrat!!!!!
Didn't #Cruz vote against federal help after #HurricaneSandy? 
May God protect the innocent in the path of #HurricaneHarvey. Vote #Cruz out.
Can not wait to hear the Christian right expand why this terrible hurricane is punishing tx.
Sooooooo you vote against giving other States aid when they're hit by hurricanes but your State gets hit.........GIMME GIMME GIMME!
Why are you asking for aid? YOUR A HYPOCRIT!  You don't want the government giving States hand outs remember!
You always in favor of federal support??
Really?? Wow you voted against the funding for Hurricane Sandy #SHAMEONYOU
Hmmmm...but you voted against funding after Hurricane Sandy.
Way to go ted .. vote him out !
Hypocrite 
Texas senators who voted against aid for Hurricane Sandy ask for federal assistance ahead of Hurricane Harvey http://hill.cm/zwM9ZAt  

Texas senators who voted against aid for Hurricane Sandy ask for federal assistance ahead of Hurricane Harvey http://hill.cm/zwM9ZAt  
You want aide for Texas after objecting to aide for New Jersey and New York following Sandy?!?! Amazing.
Funny how @tedcruz was all about no federal $ for #superstormsandy but #hurricaneharvey comes along and small-gov Ted has hands out.
ISIS has claimed responsibility for Hurricane Harvey.
GFYAD
Trump wants to build a wall,not help people in an emergency.There is no money with trump.He makes his money,don't gamble with trump.
Don't Texans just play for shit to get better? Just ask your god for help and don't waste tax payers money.

Texas senators who voted against aid for Hurricane Sandy ask for federal assistance ahead of Hurricane Harvey http://hill.cm/49kBfEa  
HYPOCRITE! You voted against it for Hurricane Sandy
While Texas may well need Federal aid after Harvey, can't forget those who voted against Federal aid after Sandy #HurricaineHarvey
You've finally discovered that "thoughts and prayers" don't work?
Don't worry about @JohnCornyn. He's safely bunkered up Trump's ass. Just hope he's made room for @RepRWilliams #harveyhurricane
For Texans sake, lets hope that your colleagues are less dickish to you than you were about Hurricane Sandy.
Really? As someone from NJ, I would have appreciated your support for Sandy. Now the shoe is on the other foot. Hmmm
Truly sad. Ignorant Progressive serfs believe their Elitist Masters propaganda instead of actual law & legislation. Truly sad.
Hey Republican Senators, fewer government handouts and more rugged individualism, right? #MAGA
As Trump said, "good luck!" #MAGA means never asking for federal handouts.
.you must be feeling bad about now about voting against aid for victims of Sandy.
It's different this time.  It's happening to Cruz's constituents.  If it was any other state they would want to know how to offset costs. /s
New Jersey Sandy relief? No vote!
So u voted against aid to victims of hurr. Sandy, but now u think Texas deserves. Why? Take of Texas  people yourself. BTW I live in Texas.
Remember that time @tedcruz voted against funding for Hurricane Sandy victims? 

Karma. It is a bitch. 
Good luck with that..N.C. got 1.6 mil..who can brown nose this one better..they asked for 900 mil
Socialist. Are you not praying enough? Is your god punishing you for voting Trump?  Why does your god hate Texas?
Man who voted against Sandy relief after the storm wants relief for his state before the bulk of the storm even gets there. Hypocrite.
https://psychcentral.com/quizzes/psychopathy.htm …
ICYMI? Wow. @tedcruz great job.  #captainobvious
Honestly, just shut up and get out of the way....do your job in DC that you were elected to do
Interesting about turn.....
Calling Texas a major disaster seems reasonable.
You voted against aid for hurricane Sandy but now want it for TX. I'm for aiding both. As a windbag & hypocrite, you could blow it to sea.
Why is it necessary to toot your own horn over something so obvious? Major storm with potential for catastrophic damage & flooding.
Does any one know

Where God's love goes

When the waves

Turn the minutes to hours
Typical GOP hypocrites, NO for you and YES for me. Sick and twisted
Do you believe in climate change now? Or why Fed Govt has to fund FEMA?
Quick reminder GOP hypocrisy when it comes to disaster relief.
Pronto !

Immediately !!!
@tedcruz Just a reminder. A disaster is a disaster whether it hits a red state or a blue state. Recall your response to Hurricane Sandy?
You voted against Sandy money. May God forgive your wanton "regionalism" and party worship. Disgusting. People are people.

Cruz and Cornyn both voted against the aid package after Hurricane Sandy https://twitter.com/frankthorp/status/901152412383281152 …
But they voted against relief aid for Hurricane Sandy. How does that work?
Cruz is a hypocrite
Ted Cruz Weather Expert!!! WTF
Ted Cruz calls for "umbrellas for everyone."
Send money now and see what happens? And we are worried about a government shutdown while handing out blank checks? #seriously?
This is Trumps out of office message:

 I am out of the office and will return on Monday August 28
