“[N]o [Obama] White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the DOJ.”: Kevin Lewis, a spokesman for Obama
.@JohnCornyn Good article. But this article clearly illustrates the Obama administration's liability. #Wiretapping
We need & WANT an independent investigation to settle this once & for all. Sincerely, Your Constituents

If you did your job instead of playing ethics bodyguard, we would know if the investigation uncovered anything.
you are going to continue to try to blame Obama? Pack your bags in 2020. DO YOUR JOB
consider this, John Cornyn is pushing back against an independent investigation, why? What is John afraid of finding?
Not sure he's afraid of anything, but it's sure wasting time and taxpayer $$$.
u quote the national review?!?!  Wtf is wrong with you?  You have got to GO!
Cornyn's support of Trump has been mealy-mouthed. Look for him to pretend to have never trusted Trump soon.
Whatever...
except comey says it's not true-and there is no evidence-and no one says Obama was involved-you carry trumpwater even in lies
Quoted an article with no facts, just op-ed fluff.  Every @GOP effort to support 45* just looks like simple admission of guilt
such a slanted article. First off - the repeated phrase of "Obama Justice Dept."
Will you just consider that this hoax is about to explode & U will go down in HISTORY as a tool in the massive coverup? ACT NOW!
stop going after Obama.  Let's look the ethics issue in the face; his face.  trump.  I vote in TX
Why keep trying to defend the indefensible? 45 rants like a madmad. My zip code: 77088. My mood: disgusted with GOP apologists.
Obama is running a Coup D 'etat and should be prosecuted for Treason.
Round up the usual suspects!
(1/2) That whole article is predicated on the idea that FISA'ing Trunp would be scandalous in the absence of other evidence.
what about failure to prosecute Hillary for her established criminal violations? By political interference?
Consider a purely speculative article with zero facts? You need to get out more, try talking to constituents instead of donors.
if there were nothing damning going on with  Russia you wouldn't have to fear our media and Intel agencies finding out about it.
You are damaging your own credibility by citing these alt-right rags. Do you really want to align yourself with this insane man?
How many more Russian contacts before something is done. Our country is suffering from this.
This is a slippery slope you're on. You sure you're not in bed with Rusdia too? You seem hell bent on protecting 45!
U took an oath 2 support & defend the Constitution not the Republican Party or the President.  Before God honor ur oath.
what you seem to be IGNORING is the complete relationship between Trump campaign officials and Russia. Russia, for pete's sake?
Take your pick: A Watergate style committee or a Special Prosecutor. These are not partsan issues, but national security issues.
I thought you were on the media hating Fake News bandwagon. Why don't you sponsor independent investigation?
should we be basing our national conversation on anything Breitbart has to say? It is embarrassing Trump reads it.
So the Trump collusion with Russia probably has audio that GOP is trying to keep buried?
Do you have any original ideas or do you now exist solely as Trump's mouthpiece? Hope you think he's worth it. #2020
quit reporting news!  We can read.  Take a stend!
The primary issue is Trump his staff & Russia, not whether the then admin was duty bound to investigate
@nationalreview @AndrewCMcCarthy Ironic,the article outlines how disclosure of a FISA request is a felony, then promptly does so
It is ODD that you and your colleagues don't want this all thoroughly investigated. Why is that? #ThingsWeShouldInvestigate
Meyerland may flood again today.  Aren't you concerned for your constituents?
Independent investigation on Trump and his appointees on Russia issue! You look bad if you don't insist on this!
In the face of overwhelming evidence, you try to discredit past admin. Not buying it. #hypocrisy #resist #persist #texastownhall #represent
Consider this — U.S. Code 2382 Misprision of Treason:
Demand an investigation into Obama's dealings and efforts to undermine President Trump, unless you are in on it. No trust.
You continue to show why we need an INDEPENDENT investigation.
Soo... Trump DID commit treason! I'm old enough to remember ppl defending the Patriot Act as "Nothing to hide, nothing to fear."
Your party backed a mad man. Independent investigation with special prosecutor. What are you afraid of?
of the Russians for whatever purpose,” he said. “Not necessarily the election, but for some purpose.” (3/3)
Russian agent.

"It means there was some basis to believe that somebody in Trump Tower may have been acting as an agent (2/3)
Mukasey said if there were a wiretap on Trump Tower, it would mean that there was suspicion someone had been acting as (1/3)
The article was speculation devoid of hard facts. Why don't we have real, open investigation into it? Oops, we might find truth
Country before Party. You're a traitor too.
you spread nonsense like this and wonder why Democrats don't work with you? For shame, Senator.
Good god man! You are still trying to wipe trumps backside? You are on the wrong side of history and you will live to regret it!
do you not realize if wiretaps were ordered there was enough evidence of criminal activity? Are part of the possible TREASON?
.@JohnCornyn Terrible, emotion-based reporting. I've come to expect this kind of push from you. #2020primary #investigateTrump
the Obama Admin has the lying down to perfection. "It depends on what the meaning of the word "is" is".
Haha. People on the left AND the right hate you.
I'm convinced whoever handles his Twitter acct never reads responses.  He's clueless of what you point out. #delusion
@KatMcKinley shouldn't the closing paragraph say, " this appears to be an allegation of..."?
what are you afraid of an independent investigation finding?#DoYourJob
This article shows lots reasons we need an independent investigation. Thanks for sharing.
Why are we pretending National Review is a valid, legitimate news source?
Clapper on Meet Press: no FISA warrant for Trump Tower.  Russians interfered; collusion not clear. Healthy to clear the air.
all the more reason to have a bipartisan independent investigation
Time for Trump to release tax returns
when Hillary releases her classified e-mails.
incredibly disappointed in MY SENATOR! 
Maybe time to look for new Senator if you are that out of touch with Texas.
Consider that #RepublicanPresident is unstable, has ties with #Russia, and is dangerous.
AEI hack on Meet Press: "lots of countries" want to interfere with US elections. As if that matters. Alternative facts.
Have u bothered 2 fully educate urself about world affairs? Honestly, u seem unable 2 separate fact from rhetoric. Dangerous!
BS. The Russian Ruse is nothing but a coup to frame @realDonaldTrump if he won the election. It was a set up from the start.
Friedman on Meet Press: "vodka glassses are clinking in Moscow."
We need brave patriots to stand up and support Trump.
Are you in on it?
If you have nothing to hide then such things should not matter to you either way. This just proves ya'll are hiding something.
You are better than this. The GOP should be better than Trump/Bannon tactics. Please put the country first. #StopPresidentBannon
#SpecialProsecutor #45 is deflecting. You should put #CountryOverParty
This reminds me of during election when 45 said Obama was founder of ISIS and that he was a racist. Does the GOP have a bottom?
Yes. John Cornyn.
Considered. Seems even the NR agrees that if Trump was dealing w Russia, Prez was required to act to pursue that. Yr point?
@tedcruz Can we investigate #Trumprussia and close this chapter without leaving any doubts in our citizens.
Wow. You not only put party over country, you put Trump over everything. You're just a yes-man for him. Horrible.
I'm shocked - SHOCKED - that they were protecting the integrity of the election.
Sir, this is all speculation based on nothing but a tweet from the President. Can he offer proof? If not, why are we talking?
you are the worst kind of partisan...instead of constant criticism of others how about a town hall for your constituents?
consider your side is looking really bad. Consider country over party for once.
you've been unwilling to investigate trump despite the evidence, but continue to insult the previous administration with none.
Senator, POTUS is off his rocker. Let's just acknowledge that.Russians interfered in our election & changed ur party platform.
National Review? Really?
.@JohnCornyn Still unhappy about your interview on #Tucker. BUILD THE WALL, support Trump 110% or primary challenge in 2020. Thnx.
Nat'l Review is your source? Why stay fixated on blame & division & not unity? Shame! @LOLGOP @IndivisibleTeam 
#DangerousTimes
a FISA warrant requires judge approval based on a suspsicion. Russia meddled; Americans deserve to know how much. #TrumpRussia
you're losing those of us who also condemned Obama being ok with killing American citizens w/drones STEP UP
& recognize the need for independent investigation
hard to read an article from such a clearly partisan source.
Needs investigation. Steve in TX36
We are asking you to hold ANYONE accountable that threatens the foundation of our govt. If we let this slide, we're done!
Makes me wonder why you are still trying to sway people away from a thorough independent impartial investigation.
@tedcruz  if you can't do your job maybe it's time to step down
...ummmm, Fast and Furious? Didn't that result in a contempt of Congress charge?
Seems like this phony Russian stuff was just an excuse to spy on political opponent & now to cover posteriors in case caught
where there's smoke. Wake up.
independent investigator  only, with no ties to the republican party or the white house. We do not trust you.
