So you agree that Bush v Gore left a blot on the Court's legitimacy?
A mirror would suffice.
Yes, we do. If we can't even draw the districts in good faith, absolutely nothing else in government can be done in good faith.
Since your leader restocked the swamp with sharks, maybe so. After all, YOU are a prime example of party, dark money & cameras over citizens
Don't vote for the AHCA.
Yes.
Yes we do @JohnCornyn. When district are drawn down to select specific voters it's time to change things. You should represent all of us.
The Senator part of your job... is that part-time or how does that work? Is there a way to send you feedback that isn't trashed by an aide?
Well, yes.
I'd rather have states turn over redistricting to non-partisan commissions. And I'd like jungle primaries.
Since Congress insists on gerrymandering, yes. Yes we do.
You are so stuck on your party, you would rather watch child with cancer die than object to cuts in medicade
Of course you live your gerrymandering; that, along with voter suppression, suits your purpose
Have you seen the shape of my TX07? A gerimandered nightmare. There's memes of it looking like a circus poodle FCOL.
Is there another choice? Because Congress certainly doesn't have a good track record with that question. 
WOW R u concerned Repubs won't hold Congress if votes are fair? That's some honorable thinking you numbskull!
Yes, we do.  Non-partisan oversight is better than hyper-partisan.  We have no "statesmen" any more, just "party hacks".
Certainly not while the corrupt and compromised R's are in power.
It'll be funny to see WI gerrymandering ruled unconstitutional, and the knock on effect of you, Abbott, and Cruz losing reelection.
Funny, I thought everything from @washingtonpost was #fakenews according to you.
Looking at how badly hacked our voting districts are in TX, hell yes!
In this case, yes.
Yes
Yes! We want to preserve the check and balance system to keep government honest and governing not ruling
Thanks to republicans like you, yes, yes we do!
Wow, I bet somebody looking into partisanship would worry you. It's basically your platform at this point.
Yes .
Yes
It's already the law
Do you have doubts in @GOP controlling congress if districts are fair?
Yes because we can't trust our executive branch to be collaborative or even honest.  Swamp is getting murkier.
Better than the hateful Reps who hate the Amer ppl. Your  healthcare bill does hateful things too
If they go to a state-level non-partisan commission, some of your republican colleagues in the house would lose. Not a bad idea, really
If stops the never ending cycle of hypocrisy and gridlock? Sure.
Senator, when you abuse power, the job of our system is to balance that abuse.
Yes
No but at the same time I don't trust politicians such as yourself to do it fairly either.
Hmmmmm, could this issue precisely be why you outright stole a SCOTUS seat? Hello authoritarianism!
Who will decide then, the politicians? Good  grief
My opinion- I'd really like to end the Republican led gerrymandering and voter suppression. Lord knows you won't self police.
Oh yes, and don't forget targeted cross checking! Because you aren't public servants, you're self serving grifters!

Our state is one of the worst.
6 swing states + Texas account for almost all of the gerrymandering—MI, NC, PA are consistently the most extreme. http://bit.ly/2qgPQgl  
When it comes to ensuring that more people can vote & their vote be counted fairly, YES. Gerrymandering is (a) cheatng & (b) undemocratic.
Absolutely. Then after we #RICOALEC we can start to restore democracy to America.
That's their job, John. Try reading the Constitution. You remember the Constitution, right? You swore to uphold it. When you going to start?
Better them than you, dude.
We nees to find a way to get him out before 2020.
Yes.
YES!!
Yes. Isn't that why are you delayed voting for a judge?
Who do you think is more qualified to decide than the Supreme Court, John? You and Mitch? No thanks, buddy.
Every district should be as close to a swing district as possible. Force reps to listen to ALL people, reduce extremism.
Do you mean when it comes to redrawing district lines for political gain?  Good one, sir.
Ever occurred to you that if the GOP changed their platform to be more inclusive, y'all wouldn't have to Gmander? Asking for a friend.
Data driven analysis shows that many districts are drawn to "waste" opposition votes. State legislatures have done nothing so HELL YES.
Congress has proven itself incapable of doing the right thing to make sure the voters are appropriately represented.  So, yes.
Yes its came to that Can not trust any one in power any more
Yes.
Yes, and hopefully they get it right.
YES! Because even as the article stated; "Certainly in Wisconsin, the GOP acted out of blatantly self-serving motives."

#CountryOverParty
It's like you don't want everyone to vote!? It's like you Know that R party can't win w/o a leg up thru severe gerrymandering! #TurnTXBlue
Gerrymandering is cheating.  Your ilk see cheating as a means to an end, so of course you will defend it.
Yeah we do BC ur kind is example Y SCt needs to rule on this.
You have no idea
Yes.  Yes we do because we cannot trust ANY of you.  #WeAreSickOfYou
Heavens no
It is not about being partisan. It is about voter suppression and racism, Johnny.
It's not just partisan politics when it leads to widespread voter disenfranchisement, Senator.
Lay off the scotch and do your damn job. Quit tweeting. Support your President.
Do we really want a guy in the WH that exposed   public voter information
WOW. The man who ran 'Data Trust' the outfit that leaked 200 million voter details... is now Director of Presidential Personnel at the WH. 
Oh look who else is sitting in the WH a nazi Seb Gorka
http://www.thedailybeast.com/fbi-fired-sebastian-gorka-for-anti-muslim-diatribes …
FAKE NEWS FROM THE BEAST RAG
When it comes to the nearly unchecked gerrmanding that the @GOP is pushing,
A-B-S-O-L-U-T-E-L-Y
but unchecked gerrymandering by the democrats is perfectly okay, right?
Show me where dems have gerrymandered the precincts. 

Also, I'm VMI, but props on Citadel.
MD 6, NJ 13, IL 4, IL 17, NY 8, CA 38 to name a few. Gerrymandering is as old as the country.  Finally Rs have power & Ds don't like it.
It's more than just a shift in power. NC and TX gerrymandering has been ruled unconstitutional. Ill fully support independent redistricting
Do we really want just 13 men to decide what American health care should look like?
That's an insane question. I'll let the highest court decide legality issues. Do we really want 13 men rewriting health care?
SC or GOP? I'll go with SC.
Yes. We do.
