I disagree. U.S. drug abusers are demand. Cartels are  businesses. Peddle poison. Legal alternatives needed.
actually it's big pharma, get ur shit together old fart
Actually isn't it the USA demand for opioid drugs that drives the illegal drug trades worldwide? Burma Afghan S. AM.
lies. The pharmaceutical companies are driving opiod consumption to drive profits.
Yes, USA demand drives drug trade all over the world. AFGHANISTAN,  BURMA, LATIN AM. COUNTRIES, ETC.
This is true, and US forces protect poppy fields in Afghanistan. Afghan Heroin prod. has inc. since 2002.
yep...
Americans are the users, if we can figure out the why they are using and help those that want to recover this won't be an issue
I am glad you communicate with your constituents. How about listening to our concerns and needs?  Hold a town hall soon!
YES... HOLD A TOWN HALL!!!
<- this idiot doesn't understand basics of supply/demand, or he's a disingenuous liar. How about it John?
so address demand side. We have a huge opioid addiction problem here. Focusing on supply side hasn't worked
Legalizing marijuana reduces opioids use dramatically. Hold a town hall & listen to TX voters on this.
Rather, Americans addicted to opioids are "driving" consumption. No one is forcing these drugs on us.
Legalize medical marijuana and opioid use drops. It's good for everyone, except big pharma. Who do you choose?
I am totally in agreement with this statement.  I am a former alcohol and drug therapist over 25 yr
are they being deported?  Of course not. It's mothers and fathers, dreamers.
from Mexico is a factor. But a more credible source like @PBS finds that over-prescription is a driver.
Lack of addiction treatment and misuse of prescription opioids also driving it
Can we all chip in and buy the Senator a subscription to quality journalism? You're so misinformed.
.@stirfriedrice @JohnCornyn Grabs headers from fake news sources (multiple "heroine" errors) never reads stories. Free ad for @FreeBeacon
Basic economic principals at work. US has demand and money, so free enterprise fills demand. Invest in treatment
no makes people take those drugs here. Y sound like @realDonaldTrump. Blaming 1 else except those responsible
That's because we punish the users of illegal drugs instead of treating them.  Including marijuana.
.@JohnCornyn The biggest driver of heroin, opioid consumption in the US are Drug Companies and Doctors prescriptions.
incorrect. Heroin addiction linked 2prescrip opioids being misused/over prescribed. Growing demand blamed on pharma
distraction. Release Trump's taxes. Investigate his meetings with Rybolovlevs
are doctor's complicit?
Or US Heroin, Opiod Consumption Fueling Drug Cartels.
driving? That's odd. I thought they were feeding American demand. We aren't being force-fed drugs.
blaming mexico is passive, and shunts responsibility. Plus, it wrongly demonizes mexico. We prescribe many opioids.
which in turn leads to addiction.  Additionally China is a major supplier now, times are changing John
Time to legalize it!
its time that we take our destiny in our hands and clean ourselves up. If no demand, there is nothing to supply to.
Jeez, if this is true (it's not) find a reliable source and post that source instead!
Johnny, it Demand for dope drives supply. No wonder we're losing the war on drugs with dopes like you in congress.
legal medications are not the problem. People who misuse them ARE! Don't punish innocent people for what scum does.
you got it wrong, our demand drives it.  Meanwhile what about Russian influence in the Trump admin?
wow really. How about instead of blaming them we blame ourself for not providing help to them.
demand usually drives consumption
was Rush Limbaugh's doctor a part of that cartel?
so we're going to keepmarijuana illegal to give the cartels even more demand and money?
This is not new news!  This has been a problem for decades. This is what caused the opioid addictions. How do we stop the drugs?
Demand is from here, and work with Mexicans. Just say no to a wall.
You know what drives cartels? American demand for drugs.
this, sir, is the cross border traffic we should be worried about
come to my neighborhood.   It's not the cartels.   It's not brown or black people.  Deal with real problems.
No, this article doesn't make me want to deport immigrants willy nilly. 
Please pay attention to the real fires.
And the methadone clinics will be standing by to kill the ones affected when money can no longer be made on street drugs.
did you EVEN read this Johnnyboy? Really w/the heroin/heroine & yah how bout that bilateral COOPERATION with Mexico?
I thought it was the pharmaceutical industry and doctors who got people hooked on opiates.
#RUSSIA appears to be running our country. Infiltrated from the inside? What do you know, Senator?
Assign independent counsel to investigate Trump Administration contacts with Russia now.
now the fear-mongering & scare tactics in hopes people cling to 45*?  why quote a story that quotes Fed Gvrnmnt?
fulfilling a demand =!= creating one.  Big Pharma and narcotic painkillers are the real villain.  #propaganda
opioid addiction is being started by American doctors. Then Supply shifts to Illegal opium
Cutting funding to @US_FDA isn't going to help this problem. And let's also look at big pharma where blame rightly belongs. #RESISTANCE
yet you still love NAFTA
Will you please hold a #TownHall to discuss this situation? Many believe rehab instead of jail is best for users.
I can answer for him. No
No, they are feeding it.
US pharmaceutical companies are "driving" it.
Shame you refuse to see the difference.
Yes John and you do what to stop it? Conservative voting record around 40%?
Demand will always drive supply. The issue are Americans who make bad choices. When did we throw out personal responsibility?
Anything to  cover up Russia hacking and lying .Country over party
good morning, Corny!  #RussiaGate #Sessions #CriminalsInTheWhiteHouse
Russia Trump independent investigation Party Loyalty? Country first
ignoring it is the same as agreeing with it
You are so full of it. He answered the question asked! Truthfully.
