Senator, I'm a Texan, I'm a Republican. Step up and do the right thing here, not make petty jabs. Independent investigation now.
Thank you, we are all people (portland liberal who has kids and is scared)
You're a traitor to your country.
Are you so blinded by partisanship that you can't see the danger Trump poses?
He serve ur purpose. Got the @POTUS elected so u can continue to hurt the minorities. #texas
I thought you were an ethical man...maybe even President one day. Be on the right side of history...independent commission needed!
Your constituents are smarter than you. Please consider their views before you represent them publicly. #rude
You were a respectable Senator before you who red yourself out to the Russian owned stooge. What did you get for it besides #Castro2020 ?
@GOP claimed to be patriots before they became full-blown traitors for Russia
History will list you among the collaborators. Your grandchildren will be ashamed.
Yet he was not fired by D who held the highest office in the land. Who’s protecting whom?
good lord you are such a dipshit
Your legacy will be one of weakness. Enjoy your final term in office
There's the hole , keep digging...
Stop aiding and abetting this dangerous criminal or are you Russian owned too?  25th Amendment before it's too late
Nice try asshat. You are condoning an act that hasn't been done since the last crooked President did it.
Big difference between wanting him to resign and wanting Trump to fire him.
You know, battle lines are being drawn... You don't want to be on the wrong side of history, do you?
You done licking your wounds, John Boy??  

We all saw #YatesHearing & the BURN she gave you!
you sir are disgraceful
Trump was against [fill in the blank] before he was for it...
Includes Comey, BTW.
You miss the point. Trump just fired his own investigator. You are my senator, so hear this: We need a Special Prosecutor!
Rs were for Comey before they were against him. I'm embarrassed you represent my state you fraud.
I hope you're not up for re-election.  You will be tossed out.
They were for him before they were against him then they were for him again
This has NOTHING to do with being Dem or Rep! It does have to do with FBI dir. getting fired while investigating Trump & admin.
DO YOUR JOB!
I’m a D and I thought he screwed up talking about Clinton case - but was never “for” or “against” him. Are you for US or Koch/Trump?
Country over party. This is dangerous territory we are in. I'm a worried constituent and all you see are R's & D's. Indep Comm.
Shut up and get my dinner fool.
You don't know the difference between "lawful" and "unlawful." Probably shouldn't be talking smack right now.
Go fly a kite Sen  head
Independent investigation on #45*!  Country over party. #texastownhall  #cowardcornyn
You're about to be replaced in 2018 so go ahead & get all of this off your chest Johnny!
Stop with the partisan crap and protect our nation! Investigate!
#GOP or USA.  Choose a side.    I'll take the USA.
That's irrelevant. Can you stop politics and get to work, please?
Resign, "Big Bad John."
NOT A DEM OR REP. THING.  IT IS A REASONABLE AMERICAN PATRIOT VS. TRUMP THING.
CYA! You know what I mean!
Rs were for Comey before they were against him. The only thing that changed is the investigation into your friend Donald Trump.
By the way you were ridiculous yesterday and Sally Yates made you look like the fool you are.
To quote @Lin_Manuel as Alexander Hamilton, "Sit down, John, you..." well, you know the rest. #TheResistance #Impeach45
Dems in Nov: Fire Comey—he was unfair to HRC

Trump in May:Comey fired—he was unfair to HRC—not at all bc of DT-RU investigation & subpoenas
I really think Condi was on target this morning when she said it was a poor assumption to think that Putin wanted a specific winner.
It is completely clear from RTs coverage of Trump, Wilders, Le Pen, that they favored them in each of those elections.
Not as puppets, as most Stateside hysterics are claiming, but as chaos agents.
They don't even need puppets,just people who,via nationalism,are anti-globalist & who will help them disband &/or weaken orgs in their way.
I will submit that the UN and the EU have been compromised over time by its own institutional hypocrisy; NATO not so much.
Russia is anti-NATO & against countries such as Ukraine, etc, joining NATO. They pushed Trump who was,at least before McMaster,anti-NATO.
They pushed Le Pen, who was anti-EU And anti-NATO http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/785165/marine-le-pen-france-nato-obsolete-president-trump-ussr-vladimir-putin-newsnight ….
Are you insane?  This is 911 time for the country!
Time to put country before party
Dems are not for Comey. They're anti Trump-Putin collusion.
You were for the U.S. before you were against it.
. @JohnCornyn  we are led by a collection of idiots.
You sir, are lacking -do your job! Listen to your constituents, work FOR us, act like a Senator, protect our democracy and quit being petty!
Nope. We were and are on the side of integrity and the law, and can therefore judge his & the President's actions that fall to either side.
Another Texan shocked at your complicity or ignorance. Neither is a good look and I relish the opportunity to vote you out. #VoteThemOut
I fixed it for you
So you're one of those who will put party before country?
Shame on you!
This is not a time to be partisan.
This is not a game Senator. Your shameful partisanship endangers our democracy.
Special Investigation is imperative. Now. Country or Party? History will judge you.
Delete your account.
Sir, that's not really the issue, is it? Who was for or against Comey, when, doesn't matter. The issue is whether the DOJ can be trusted.
and Rs made Benghazi happen by slashing the embassy's funding right before, to kill Hillary's chances
Shut up Cornyn
GOP lack grasp of recent events. D's criticized timing of/wanted inquiry into release of information. Critical of, not against.
You are a terrible person and a danger to the Republic if you are not concerned about the President's actions.
Sally Yates wore you like a cheap suit. That's gotta sting you, being manhandled by a woman.
When are you and @GOP going to stop making excuses for Trump and, for once in your lives, stand up for America? #PartyB4Country
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR. NOW. OR MAYBE YOU ARE OWNED BY RUSSIA TOO???
Exactly the divisive, "us vs. them" attitude we DON'T need.  Putin hacked all Americans.  Appoint independent prosecutor NOW!
Don't be obtuse, Dems were never "for" or "against" Comey. They were against his improper actions - in JUL&OCT. His action now? #Trumprussia
And you and repulsive Gop were for him before you were against him.
Asking for a special prosecutor is the bipartisan choice at this point. It's clear we require independence in this investigation.
Pathetic response.
Don't be a #TrumpTool. It is time for an independent investigation.
Dems were not for him after 2016, and not after his gaffe was revealed today
What does that even mean? We need an independent investigation. Do you agree?
Gee, how will history look upon any Republican who stood by while Trump brought down the presidency & made the USA a laughing stock?
It would be more proper to say the Dems were against him and are for integrity in the office of the President.
I am your constituent. Please be an American, not just a Republican. This is unconscionable.
I am with @rachelcaine
Where's your patriotism @JohnCornyn?
Why can't u be one of the good ones? Many GOP are speaking out against this corruption.U? No your creating division. Very dissapointing
That's all you can come up with?  You don't find the timing the least bit suspicious?  Are you part of this coverup?
As one of your constituents, I demand you put aside party politics and request a special prosecutor. #doyourjob
You're reaching John....
Traitor and collaborator.
You, sir, are an ass-hat
Grand  jury subpoenas  issued  in  FBI's  Russia investigation 
you are not exactly correct. Comey has been all over the place and I am suspicious of the timing of his dismissal.
Stand for DEMOCRACY OVER party
Act like a Texan, grow a spine, and stop being a lackey for a New Yorker.
2018, a storm is coming for you.  History will not be kind to you John Cornyn, Texas traitor, enemy of the state.
How far did you have to reach for this brilliant retort? Pathetic.
America is against Russia period
Try being an American, John. Do your job and represent the people, not your dear leader.
Dems were against Russian interference before they were against Russian interference. And you?
You like initials. F all Rs, especially U.
Repubs were against Russia before they were for it. Repubs were for America before a reality tv celebrity convinced them to be against her
I plead to you Senator, be an American now not just a Republican.
Putin thanks you Senator. You took an oath and you are not defending the US Constitution from all threats
Dems don't have to like Comey to know that he was fired as retaliation for Russia investigation and testimony.   Stand up for your country!
Man up for once and do your job. We demand a Special Prosecutor.
This will be your legacy: Covering up for the most corrupt prez & admin in US history. You will be held accountable.
I've met snakes with more integrity then you.  
Why does that matter to u?
DO YOUR JOB!! COUNTRY over PARTY.  Stop embarrassing the state of Texas. Call for an INDEPENDENT prosecutor.
Dude has your phone been stolen by a third grader?
It's about trump. Why won't trump release his taxes? Why do you defend him? Cut ur losses. Release trump taxes 2  independent investigation
Such a constant, partisan hack.
.@JohnCornyn This Republican does not care what Dems thought. I do care that you put our Country first and call for a Special Prosecutor NOW
That Comey is a jackass doesn't make Trump firing the guy investigating Trump less shadowy.  Call for a special prosecutor.
What will it take for u to get it?  Trump doesn't care about you.  You r not even playing in the same ballgame as Trump & his inner circle
Sounds like you're complicit.
And Republicans were for him before they were against him.
Do you understand that it's possible to disagree with a decision or action without being "against" someone? It's called civil discourse
Yes, but we still wouldn't have fired him as he investigated us because, you know, ethics, laws, common sense.
It's as if you can think someone has done a bad job but also doesn't necessarily need to be fired because of the whim of his boss.
And Easy D was for Comey before he was against him. 
Are you friggin kidding me? Everyone should be concerned about this #constitutionalcrisis  #countrybeforeparty #buybackyoursoul
What a craven unpatriotic comment. Comey has been investigating Ru interference into 2016 election. Trump's team implicated & you laugh?
And you sir are for party over country, Russia over the United States.
How about showing country before party? Are you a patriot or a traitor? Are you compromised Mr. Cornyn?
What, are you 12? You go partisan as US is in shambles?
This is funny? You're relieved. Your comfort is temporary. This is OUR Country GTFO
@JohnCornyn you are supposed to represent us, not the other way around.  He fired Comey, to hide all of his own illegal stuff.
Yes, reason is clear. Are you daft? He tipped election ("we" were against that). Then did his job investigating Trump's treason (yay!). See?
Nice try. This isn't about Comey. This is about abuse of power by this admin.
Thats what you think John. Maybe we arent sheep

Q: Trump just said again that the hacking could have been China or someone else…

Comey: It was Russia. 
Act like a Senator you gigantic baby.
I guess you're for Russia? This is becoming the GOP legacy. This Congress is going to go down in history as a pack of traitors.

Why have Dems set their hair on fire? I thought Comey was their villain.
Rs were praisin & criticizin #Comey also.none of u hav clean hands
I'm a Texan and am independent. If you don't choose country over party then I will do my part to take away your seat in congress.
Not gonna fly, Senator.
What about the REPUBLICANS:  McCain, Burr, Flake, Kasich, Amash and more!
#TrumpRussia
Stop TRUMP and Sessions for obstructing the current FBI investigation!  Only an Independent Special Prosecutor can insulate it.
#TrumpRussia
We need a special counsel & independent investigation to reassure Americans that justice is not being obstructed. 77077
#SpecialProsecutor please focus on getting an independent, nonpartisan investigation underway.
So was Trump.
Put a damn space in your name. Don't you have interns?
Put the country ahead of party and defend the nation. Demand a special prosecutor to investigate the president.
Kind of like republicans and trump before the election
At least Ds aren't all about supporting politicians and corrupted businessmen who are bought and paid for by former KGB/communists.
Will you please join Sen.McCain in calling for a special Congressional committee to investigate the Russian interference in our election.
>>>>> Rs were for Comey before they were against him. And your point is?
The best thing you could do right now is resign and go hide in shame over the ass-kicking Yates gave you yesterday.
INDEPENDENT SPECIAL PROSECUTOR NOW
You are an embarrassment and a coward. As a Texas voter, I really wish you would stand up to the bullies that are hiding the truth. #shame
Someone find Sally Yates
You know--you look more petty and dishonest by the minute.  SERVE YOUR COUNTRY.
Could you be any more vacuous, Senator?
you mad bro? From the b-slap Sally Yates put on you
Independent investigation now, sir.  Anything less is a clear statement of disregard for our democracy and voters will not forget it.
it's not being "for" Comey. It's being against Trump installing a stooge as FBI head to squelch investigations very close to indictments.
you  and your republican yahoo s were also against Comey...your a hypocrite!! By the way Sally Yates was awesome!She's smarter than the R s
You and Cruz make it so embarrassing to be from Texas.
I'm not FOR anything but truth. You need to STOP THIS MADMAN who acts like a 3rd world dictator. Grow a pair, save this COUNTRY #COMEY
Well, what a surprise! You're a lickspittle...
They don't grow them very bright where you're from do they?
Do you have a point?
Who cares? What would you have said if @BarackObama fired him while he was investigating Hillary? Your choice to ignore this is a bad one!
What is fucking wrong with you?
We were never for him. By why are you against him now?
You're a traitor.
We are not for Comey. We are for the constitution and rule of law.
If we're still having elections in 2020, you are on your way out.
So? Trump liked Jim until he started investigating...Trump.
You are going to go down with the Trump ship. Sad!
Reasons given for the FBI Director Comey being fired are ludicrous. Timing is evrything
So is #TrumpRussia 
You played yourself 
#complicit
It's hilarious that you're trying to conflate outrage over his firing to supporting him. Nice try, though.
And you were for him until he started to put your master in his crosshairs. Let's stop with the bullshit.
You will be #primaried for backing #Trumpcare. Remember that.
And you were for him before you were against him. Ever hear of context?
Sir, you have chosen the wrong side. #Russia  #IndependentCommission #GOP
Rs were for him before they were against him. See how easy spouting idiotic logic is?
0
We're still against Comey. We're more against traitors. #TrumpRussia
You're wrong, john. What we want is the truth, while you repubics want to hide the truth. You GOPs can't handle the truth.
And I have seen 2-year-olds use this same argument style.
You are a fucking disgrace to Texas, the US Senate, and the United States of America.... Go fuck your self, you partisan hack.
Looks like Republicans are for collusion with Russia. You and the DOJ will not do anything, we fucking demand an independent investigation.
You're becoming more like Ted Cruz every day.
By the way, I'm one of your many pissed off constituents. Can't wait to catch your next town hall.
History is never kind to traitors, and you're on record as being on the wrong side. Country over party.
Idiotic statement & totally irrelevant. You people are hiding your guilt, and we, the people, damn well know it.
