I support single payer. This isn't a bad analysis. It is a cost shift and a wash from the looks of it. That's ok. After, every1 covered.
Admittedly, there are still additional costs to be dealt with in Bernie's bill, but I agree--better to cover all and shift costs to wealthy
I pay about $900/mo for my family.  I don't mind if that turns into $900 in taxes.  Same to be but more solid.
Stop deflecting!
I don't give a rat's azz about the "Urban Institute" I care about the CBO evaluation of that BS plan you children are hatching in secret.

yeah, that was my point w/him. They CBO called bullsht on his plan, and Cornyn supports it. Cornyn is gonna run for prez, bro, so he thinks.
Why are we back to game show guessing
We just want to know what's in YOUR bill, shrouded in secrecy
80% of Americans don't want YOUR bill
Are you stealing his ideas?
Show us the bill
Even if you don't agree with Bernie, at least he's honest and shows the public his plans. When are you gonna start sharing senator?
No one knows what the Republicans Healthcare is because they're hiding it
What does the CBO say? They are so excited about the GOP plan. Not.
CBO was way off on Obamacare
Read further than headline. This report is not endorsement by CBO of AHCA. CBO past mistakes don't quell chills.#disclosethebill
Repeat-CBO way off on Obamacare. Article supports that #fact.
#fact Article also says ins mandate is a fail. Does CBO have final version of ACHA? No one else does. #disclosethebill
r u campaigning to try and make your AHCA look good? words dont heal the sick, poor & elderly! is it true the older you get, the more u pay?
Stop deflecting. "The Hill" just reported that in 2025 your bill will begin defying standard CPI-U stats resulting in even more cuts. True?
And what's your solution? What are y'all hiding behind closed doors? We the people have the right to know!
Yet we can't see the bill you're working on until 10 hours before the vote?
Please don't support the AHCA.
At least Bernie has the guts and brains to put forth a solution.  Where's your?
Tell us what you and the @SenateGOP @HouseGOP have as an alternative to Obamacare. Come from behind close doors and show the American Public
Cool story. Now #ShowUsTheBill 

Seriously. Stop hiding. Show us what you want to do to healthcare in this country.
But  you're hiding yours so no comparisons can be made.
What is the CBO's analysis of urs? Sharing yet?
We want single payer and we will fight till we get #JohnCornyn. You will be long gone but it will happen. GOP is pushing  us there.
No we don't want single payer. Free market healthcare is the best way to go.
No.

So you and a few other men know best but you can't share it??
Where is your solution?
Coward
Member of Cong appeared on morning news show & said he thinks they may vote on HC plan in the next month or two. Don't Pelosi us, please!
Very costly. Results page 20.
The American people are on the GOP and this tax cut for the rich, I hope the GOP passed it so the people will vote all you R out of office.
At least people know what's in that proposal. Where's your bill, John?
#Bluecoat
You represent me and you owe me the right to review your alternative plan.  NOW! #saveaca #healthcareforall
That last line is a kicker: tax revenue aren't enough to fund it.
*revenues. Stupid auto correct.
You have no credibility. Yet you continue to spout garbage and give everyone indigestion?  Oh wait is that a pre existing condition?
Looking forward to an ad like this during your next election.
Opening ad from Paul Ryan's opponent zeroes in on health care. Likely to see a lot of ads like this across the country in the 2018 campaign. 
Show us what you have developed and then we can compare and work on improvements. Easy to point fingers, hard to offer real solutions.
Show us the Senate bill so we can compare.
Actually reading the study and weighing the value of human life, the study shows Bernie's plan is actually pretty damn good. Thanks Johnboy!
Really?
Wouldn't it be nice if the American people could know about HC negotiations occurring behind closed doors at the WH? http://bit.ly/7b64YM
Where's the bill jackass.
you're a fake senator; #TrumpShill
But at least he's sharing something that can be analyzed, so he's still one up on you...
Sanders has revealed a plan so it can be evaluated by constituents. Why haven't you done the same?

YOUR tweet from 2010 @JohnCornyn!!!

@GOP will PAY FOR THIS IN REPUBLICAN VOTES in Nov 2018!!! https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/7471563078 …
This is ridiculous. Why aren't you defending your bill? Is it really that awful? You are playing with lives.
You say the Ds offer nothing but proof that they do, your constant criticism of it. Show us the healthcare plan, cowards.
Really interesting that @tedcruz isn't tweeting about healthcare. Concerned about reelection? This vote will lose the house.
Educate yourself about #HR676 (Medicare for All)
Wow... The analysis of the Senate AHCA is much better for... Wait? Oh, right... You guys are still hiding the . Must be real proud of it.
SUPER IMPORTANT: it says Fed spending out go up, overall spending from households and private sector would go down by trillions #worthit
With every tweet he makes it more obvious that he's not planning on running again. Retiring w/all that ins/pharma $$.
A sneaky, greedy liar is what you are. Show us the bill.  You control Congress and you STILL have to lie & sneak. Speaks volumes.
We don't care, show us the republican bill, or as your constituent, I direct you to vote no on it sight unseen.
Do you have an analysis for the senate bill?
At least there is an analysis of the plan, a place to start discussions.Where is the GOP/Trumpcare plan? Why don't u want 2 talk about that?
Hey, look! The Urban Institute also did analysis of the AHCA. Any comment before you vote for it next week?

http://www.urban.org/research/publication/who-gains-and-who-loses-under-american-health-care-act …
"We find that the AHCA’s changes to federal taxes and health care benefits would be very regressive"
Lets conveniently leave out the $4.1 Trillion in state savings.
Sounds good. Can you guys implement Sanders plan so I can get health care?
This Obamacare the report speaks of sounds pretty good huh?
How dare you act as if Americans are pawns in this tRump care circus #SaveMyTXACA silver plan is working great.premiums have not gone up !
How bout their analysis of your bill? Although that would be a pretty hard ask considering NO ONE KNOWS WHAT'S IN IT
Urban Institute says ~half of the benefits of #TrumpCare go to families making more than $1 million a year. http://www.urban.org/sites/default/files/publication/89071/2001188-who-gains-and-who-loses-under-the-american-health-care-act_2.pdf …
Let us see how your secret plan compares to both. Your fear of doing so is an embarrassment to Texas.
Where is an analysis on your plan? When will there be open hearings and debate?  Stop being a hypocrite.
- Single payer is inevitable. Question is: how many Americans die needlessly before we get there?
What a reach you wretch.
You know what's great about Bernie's plan? A. He has one, B. He made it public, C. He wants to help people. #Trumpcare doesn't fit A, B or C
Bernie isn't president. Show us the bill you sellout!
. @JohnCornyn #Medicaid covers 1 in 5  How would the #AHCA impact it, why does the debate over this program matter?… https://twitter.com/i/web/status/877108013550755840 …
And apparently there are only two choices
Universal healthcare works in many spots in developed world like Australia (where 45 gave it kudos). You are purposely trying not to help
Higher cost and lower quality
You, sir, are a damn hypocrite! Show us the bill.  #AHCA #Deathcare #SaveACA
Show us the bill, you greedy dim bulb hypocrites! #grannystarvers #traitors #criminals
What does that have to do with anything? Where's YOUR bill? #ShowUsTheBIll
The annual $10-$20k that each healthy family currently pays to ins co goes right to healthcare? Makes sense to Bernie and me.
Nice to have analysis of a proposed healthcare plan that is open to debate before voted into law.
Show the plan, John. Quit deflecting. If you can't answer to your constituents quit and go lobby for for corporate money
Hey Traitor, listen to urself
The people have a right to know what is happening behind closed doors with secret HC negotiations
we might be texans, and this being a big red state, but you are not above the frey of getting replaced by competent people. Stop screwing us
it's sad when you say your christian and continue to screw your fellow man. Know atheists that are more christian than you.
Hey John, your past catching up to you. thanks for being a hypocrite and a pathetic excuse for an elected official.
The people have a right to know what is happening behind closed doors with secret HC negotiations
Dictatorship. That's their plan. Forced policies & squashed rights. Stand up. Fight for democracy. We are stronger than you John.
Will you be linking to an analysis of the bill you will be voting on next week?
.....townhall??
Oh, we'll go single payer after this disaster. No doubt now, u all are making it possible. The secrecy and horribleness of this one says so
Do y'all have a plan besides walk it off? #Trumpcare #ImpeachTrump
At least his plan is publicly available, unlike yours.  Not saying it's perfect or even the best option.
At least he's willing to talk about his ideas in the public sphere. Why are y'all being such cowards?
And I'm sure there's a way in this great country to show justice and mercy in managing healthcare.
And we look forward to your numbers.
You are cherry picking, Sen. Showing us how "bad" the alt is. But the fact is the AHCA is dangerous & people will die. Stop Deflecting.
You're up early spewing mis-information and vitriol, John. Where's your TrumpCare plan? Do better and stop whining on Twitter.
Interesting article for once. Missing a HUGE piece though. Cost controls. This is the job of the federal govt.
You have zero solutions and evidently a bottomless pit of criticism for anyone and anything that tries to help the American people.
That's bc he doesn't care about Us. Just his Big $$ & Big Oil interests. #TurnTXBlue #OutIn20
He seems to revel in his douchebaggery. Wait till Trump turns on GOP and starts his own party. If they think he'll go away quietly- wrong.
Trump doesn't want a party. Too many rules & laws to obey. He wants to be King w/total domination of citizens. Kind of like his pal Putin.
Scary image but it's beginning to feel real!
Are we just supposed to just trust you? You've done NOTHING to deserve that. Can't wait for 2020.
Ummm....Bernie isn't the President. He doesn't control both houses of Congress and a majority in the Supreme Court. Nor is he in a back...
Can we get a comparison to the current Medicare program? This is where we need to be headed. Single payer!!
In the end, we can thank Republican'ts for ushering in single payer
The thing they have fought against forever will come to pass b/c of their refusal to actually create a good plan.
You're just in it for the money
It's a little early for your propaganda. How are your secret meetings going? #shame
Where's your plan?
Middle America is depending on you!! Let's improve healthcare.
I'm not depending on #JohnCornyn or @SenTedCruz. Done with them. Vote them out.
