Reboot it ... #KillTheBill - it's dog food and then start over with a bi-partisan group.
Trouble is, bipartisan only works for GOP,  dems want every ounce of power! Only solution,  destroy the dems totally with ideas & solutions!
Dems don't have any real power right now, they should be given input though in order to achieve a meaningful fix to the problems.
By input dems mean in charge of the country again!
Look at what a great job they did for the past 8 years!
When were they "in charge" in the past 8 years.  Looked at Congress recently?
you don't really follow politics much do U ... Obama had what Trump had for the first two years of his presidency (both house and senate).
So what is next, duels at dawn!
Salaries of insurance companies. Do they need a tax break? Do the middle class deserve a tax break?
The middle class are the biggest tax revenue contributors. Time the 1% pay their fair share.
Imagine what a flat tax rate would do for the economy.
Are you for or against this?
I am for a flat tax rate that everyone pays thier fair share.
Flat rate hurts the poor
Stop pretending the Dems are the problem here. If you wanted cooperation you wouldn't have crafted the bill behind closed doors.
"You have to approve the bill to see what's in it". Remember that?
Stop pretending these are remotely similar. ACA was crafted openly over months with hundreds of hours of debate.
You can just see the "stupid" rolling off Nasty Nancy pelosi and splattering on the ground!
I'm no Pelsoi fan but at least she can speak in complete sentences.
Oh for sure!
Of course those sentences make no sense at all,but they are complete stupid sentences.. 
Back on point: @GOP is blaming @TheDemocrats to distract from fact it hid bill in complete secrecy with zero public input. Contrast with ACA
Which had dozens of hearings, Republican amendments, a year of public input, and a month of Senate debate.
@MisteCaulder   Reverting back to childhood, an obstinate toddler.
I get so many insults from random liberals, at first I thought that's what you were doing!  Yes, Pelosi is like that & so is Waters!
Like the dem plan we had to put in place before we could know what was in it- Duhhh it was a huge pile of feces
No.  Truth.  Your bill sucks.  That's not #obstructionist.  If my Congressional reps voted for your healthcare bill I would not (1/2)
Talk about a babbling vindictive Bafune!
She needs to retire.
That's leadership right there. And the reason she may not be their leader much longer. UNHINGED
Nancy Pelosi time to retire. Your party is doing the death spiral. Bring in some new people.
I truly believe Nancy Pelosi is senile she is the worst representative I have ever seen she should be removed from office immediately
"It's  not a question of Willing".. Right Ms. Pelosi, it's  a question  of "Obstruction".
I I invite Pelosi to enjoy as many double deck cheeseburgers and french fries she can eat over the Fourth of July holidays.
Why do they interview this #fool.
Probably hasn't read it, just like the last health care bill. 
#termlimitsplease

Pelosi needed to have shimers itty bitty thingy in Nancy's continual open wound under her witch like nose
vote for them.  It's called representing your constituents. (2/2)
She is the most ignorant person the Dems could ever have elected next to Hilary.  You sure she not collecting a check from Russia
This woman?
Time to retire Pelosi! Bipartisan effort is the ONLY way to a successful healthcare bill!
She's a one woman circus!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
Medicare. Needs no cuts. Cares for the poor in America.
#Shame on @GOP
.@SenateMajLdr is going to kill us! 
This is such propaganda and total lie, to blame GOP for Obamacare!  GOP is stupid for permitting this to flourish!
Blame GOP for Obamacare? Nobody is doing that, @gbdfun1 ...
Yeah I remember when @SteveKingIA ran with a platform strictly obstructing Obama. You can get off your high horse.
Maybe. . . your health care insurance plan is crap. Common sense is not obstruction.
Go away Pelosi, we are sick of you!!!
Not when it is rep only back room garbage politics .. sad garbage GOP
Because killing the vulnerable to give a tax break to the 1% is something we should all be on board with?
Did he ask if she read the bill?
Obama: Can we get a hearing for Garland?
GOP: No
Obama: Why?
GOP: Because no
#Obstructionist
They should ask her if she read it.
This from the same person who votes for legislation to find out whats in it.
Pelosi what a piece of work.....no regard for the best interest of the country, just interest in obstruction and her causes.  Sad indeed.
Evil political plotter.
First you gotta read it and understand it and clearly @NancyPelosi hasn't and doesn't.
...Tweets the party who provided zero votes for Obamacare.
We have to pass it to see what's in it??
Every time a elected dem says r's are trying to kill Americans w their bill I'm calling on my senators & telling them to vote for it!!
Pelosi is not obstructing anything.
Such a loser; ignore her Dems
Is Nancy a scientologist?
Typical unintelligent remark from an obstructionist who is losing money from change in DC. She & her cronies all 77 yrs old...time to go.
Nope
Come on....
Good question to ask the village idiot! The WICKED WITCH is despicable! She has put her party of LOSERS first, instead of working to MAGA !
Nancy is losin it BIG TIME! She wouldn't have a CLUE where to start on health care repair!  She's the one who SHOVED OBAMACARE IN OUR FACES
#LooneyLeft #Obstructionist
It shows how BAD the bill is.
She's fake!
Of course not. You can't polish a turd. Only the Kochs (David, Charles, and Ilsa) like it.
I'd rather have  a mannequin that looks like Nancy Pelosi for my senator than you.
You LIE!!!! That's not Obstruction. The Bill is pure HATE. You've lost your ever loving mind. Where's your soul?
She is an obstructionist
Entire world: Is there anything in the ACA that you think you can work with?
GOP: No
As @NancyPelosi  leaves the @CBSThisMorning show,
@CharlieRose @GayleKing and @NorahODonnell still can't see her as an obstructionist.
SAD
Blame the Democrats , for slowing down your health care
If Nancy "Pill Head" Pelosi is against it, America should be all for it!
Gotta love @NancyPelosi, she is one of the biggest reasons we will continue winning Republican seats! #obstructionist 
Yep republicans want to kill kids,old people,welfare people,possums and democraps pelosi has Botox brain
@JohnCornyn  Dems can only talk, their votes are like spitting in the wind. They can't stop anything.
Another biased News outlet...
Or it's just a bad bill, like the 10 GOP Senators said so...
Because your bill was a waste of time from the word "go." The American people want cooperation, not sticking it in the opposition's face!
you sure did ram obama care down everyones throats. you'll have to vote for it to know whats in it. grow up and respect your pres & country
Pepsi you lie so much yes you obama im boss big government
They are a mess
Botox reaction...
#GOP bitching about #obstruction. Really?
She's right. No reason to work with the GOP to take coverage from over 20 million Americans
#FullRepeal @NancyPelosi right don't replace it Repeal it let #ObamaCare implode
Poor @NancyPelosi have memory loss!
If it's worse than ACA then what's the point? Why replace with something that doesn't work? #DoYourJob #Resist #VoteNoAHCA
I think she speaks for most of the US if you care to read your own polls. Have some common decency.
um, McConnell is a republican, last I checked.
She needs to go home & stay there, she fuels the divisiveness in DC
FU McConnell. Did he ever ask? No he never asked. @SenateMajLdr
Isn't that what the GOPdid these past 8 years? #LearnedFromTheGOP
No. Just the #truth. A strange and difficult concept for you, we know. https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1605783219453162/ … #NoAHCA
You held an empty #SCOTUS seat for a year, fukwad. #Obstruction
As long as @SenateMajLdr is still in charge Democrats will treat him like he treated Obama. He and @GOP broke US government. Own it bitches!
Thank God her own party is done with her
The GOP hasn't given anything in the bill all republicans can work with why would you think the Dems could #obstruction #learnedfromgop
SO you passed Obama care BEFORE you knew what was in it (Which is a MESS) and NOW you want us to believe this is worse? crazy lady!
#CBO -your plan will push +20 million folks off of health insurance. Our premiums are all going to go up. You do it for tax cuts? #graft, 1%
Maybe she should read this one! 
Sound familiar? Quip pro quo
@FoxNews @NBCNews @CNN Amazing @NancyPelosi cant find ANYTHING to help Americans in the proposal. Total failure of Democratic Party
@GOP @NancyPelosi  I guess she will have to read it to see what's in there.
It's crap, plain and simple, what do you expect?
#idiot
That's not obstruction.  That's representing and protecting American citizens against GOP death panels. Listen and learn.
Good grief @NancyPelosi , sit down
Damn straight and we will RESIST you lying liars until the last one of you is dust!! You will reap the whirlwind!!

Who gives a F*** what she thinks
The Republican bill sucks.
I though @NancyPelosi got fired 
Sounds familiar, doesn't it. The past eight years coming back to kick you in the ass. 
No wonder. It would take a brain.
Take note republicans
Replace all Democrats from the government that you can because they all have the same agenda !
Also Republicans that act like Democrats
having nothing to work with may just mean that there IS NOTHING TO WORK WITH.
Hello Pot. Meet Kettle. Even with many hearings and debates, the ACA rec'd no GOP votes. Now you want Dem votes with no transparency?
Pelosi ' middle name should be "DIPSY-DOODLE ".... she has fried her brain with too much California wine and CA legalized wacky weed!!!
And another reason for term limits
Because??
Pelosi and her gang need to retire! They are so far from reality of what the American people need.
Wake up America
#impeachtrump #evilgop WhoringGOP should stay the f_ck quiet, soulless ghouls.@SpeakerRyan @infowars @GOPSenFinance
Obstruction? Why this is completely unheard of! Not in Congress!  CERTAINLY not for the last 12 years!
This bill is the destruction of Medicaid. Only people who value money over lives would support any part of this bill.
This woman is crazy she should step down.
How many of the @GOP voted for ACA. You got to at least add ammendments. #Hypocrisy
You have to attack Pelosi cause she is a woman.Why do you hate women so much ?
Your party controls Congress
@SpeakerRyan You can ask republicans the same question about the ACA & get the same answer & it is not obstruction when you have majority.
Go by by Pelosi. We are sick of hearing your BS
#SaveMedicaid #PelosiCaresGOPKills #TrumpCare #AHCA #ObstructMurder
If you freaks would even offer there may be more Dems willing to work with you. The 13 that crafted this monstrosity didn't even tell YOU
The Wicked Witch of the Left, needs to retire, hop onto her broom and go away.
Well thanks for being part of the solution, Nancy!
Obstruction or... the bill will leave bodies in its wake
Psycho...
You can't even get all your own party on board-22 million uninsured, Medicaid slashed-own it, GOP, & we'll see what happens in 2018
#Batshitcrazy
#MedicareForAll.  Stop killing us. Clean up the toxic chemicals you told you friends to dump in the oceans.
Hope the dimms keep her
It's true. Botox DOES cause delusional thinking
Now now, take it easy on Ms. Pelosi, she can't read & her staff hasn't recorded it on tape for her Walkman yet.
She's right, this bill is garbage. Not a Pelosi fan.
There is nothing here to work around or with the Repubs-nothing!
No. It's the will of those people NOT bending over to big pharma and the insurance lobby. So everyone but @GOP.
#BeneficialObstruction
Under your plan my healthcare premiums will triple from 620 per month to 1900 per month. I am middle class. You're killing me.
What a damn farce!  GOP controls all aspects of government.
This is ridiculous. Obstruction. Resistance. When will it end? Tell the wicked witch of the west to grow up before her party ousts her!
Isn't that what y'all said to #44?
#TheBillIsGarbage
The liberal bitch is decomposing every new day.  It's a stroke of luck to GOP  - avversary leadership is decapitated.
YOU LIE.
Why are they being allowed to obstruct?Is this not sedition?
Palosawitch at it again AGH!!!
Pelosi is an Obstructionist.  Get her out of Washington
Obstruction is attempting to force this bill on American people when so few of us approve of it. You represent us, not the insurance corps.
GOP says " We REALLY don't care if millions die,We love our GOVT CARE"
tax cuts for wealthy is non starter
The GOP would know a thing or 2 about Obstruction. 8 years of it.
They'll get better at it as time goes on. GOP wrote the obstruction manual over past 6 years. I'm sure Dems paid attention to tactics.
22 million people will lose their health care. Caps could take the rest. The 400 highest-income households will receive $33 billion in cuts
Try as you might with  propaganda...selling the upward redistribution of wealth by any other name is still 
NEW: AMA declares opposition to Senate GOP health care bill, saying it violates "first, do no harm" principle "on many levels.” 
How many people should she agree to kick off of health care?
Y'all such hypocrites. YOU DID THE SAME THING TO @POTUS44  POT MEET KETTLE!
Mitch McConnell based his entire political platform on obstruction. Why don't you pull him out of his aquarium and ask him about it.
Is there anything the Dems can not obstruct?
It certainly is a question of willing. It's because somehow they are losing money if Obamacare gone. Everything comes down to money.
Why would she or any reasonable person support a bill that cuts healthcare for 22 million, while giving tax cuts to the wealthy?
AHCA is going to kick 22 million people off healthcare. Uninsured population jump to over 33 million. And wealthy get tax breaks. Sounds...
Nancy you know there are not thousands,millions ,ten thousands that are going to die. Unless you know something we don't

Let Obama care die...full repeal...she will work when the people she represents has no coverage
This is why the people are abandoning @CBSNews
Gee, I wonder where she learned that from?
They pasted this crap for Obama now they are against what they voted for, totally insane Dems , let it die , no gov needed
22M fewer insured so that a few hundred thousand can get a huge tax break?! FU, Senator & eff your party. The truth is clear. #cboscore
