That’s all you’re ever going to get from @JohnCornyn
Unfortunately those taxes that pay your salary have also stolen your soul.   
#Townhall 
#LastTermCornyn 
#Transparentgovnmt
- "It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you a fool than to open it and remove all doubt." Mark Twain
Great - except for these politicians to speak, these ordinary people, is the only how "we"/US got #BlanketTheWorldOfQuotationsWithQuotables
@JohnCornyn 

REMINDER: We want the wall. TIA
REMINDER: The wall is a waste of money
Why? TIA
What will it do? Illegal immigration is a non-issue and has been on the decline for years. Lets focus on more important things.
I guess we can agree to disagree. :)
Oppose  the lowering of taxes on the wealthy and corporations
Yep, so keep socking it to your working constituents, blame the poor,  give huge breaks to your rich blowhards and blame Obama. Good plan.
(2/2) relates to digital & information artifacts, but in college some/most?/all? taught to extend frameworks/models!
FUCKED UP THE QUOTE JOHN
John, we don't want massive tax cuts for the rich while the social safety net is shredded.
Non"social safety net"!
No...
Social Contract: We pay taxes so that together we have a safe, stable, and civilized country. You and the @GOP seem to have forgotten that.
Then where the hell is that safe and free place if it's been paid for?
Focus. #TrumpRussiaCollusion Pay attention. #SenateIntelligenceCommittee Do your job. #goodbye
I am amazed, amazed, AMAZED at the $$$, the patience, cunning, tools and energy of the few to manipulate the sheep.
"Politicians and diapers must be changed often, and for the same reason." Mark Twain
That is easy to understand when you know they were raised on B/S.
And the only difference between Rump and Trump is a T with tiny hands and a nasty mind.
If not for taxes, how do we fund #Trump's extravagant golfing trips, Melania's safe house, Ivanka's staff, & adverts for Mar-a-Lago?
How do you propose to pay for fundamental government services with so little revenue?
So little is an incredible thought, but judging from now and the bottomless-pit defense and police state here (& more of it) point taken.
Can you tell me the difference between Trump and Putin?  I have been trying and they look identical to me.  #Constituent
For several, there is a GIGANTIC intelligence, emotional stability, self-control, training and self-awareness difference #Trump #Putin
I've got a better Mark Twain quote for you, John:
"Politicians & diapers must be changed often, & for the same reason."

Awesome cartoon.
Mr cornyn, it seems clear that on your next re-election bid, texas voters will be more awake. Mr stovall should try again.
Alas, some humanity from you.
Frankly, I don't find this trump tax plan OR you very funny, senator. #impeachTrumpnow
The word 'politics' is derived from the word 'poly', meaning 'many', and the word 'ticks', meaning 'blood sucking parasites'.
Larry Hardiman
who runs your twitter feed? It's really tone deaf and disconnected from real citizens' concerns?
Speaking of taxes. As part of intel committee, we need your bi-partisan support to have access to Trumps tax reports, please.
So you are anti tax? There are lots of things that our tax dollars pay for, John. Unfortunately that includes your salary!!!!
And your point is the rich need a tax break?
The other "breaks" will attempt to pay for prices increases that have happened long ago! (and there's wiggle room for much more! #ToWealth!)
And yet in the MANY years you've enriched yourself in DC, nary a peep, let alone a demand that THE IRS be abolished. Who do you work for?
(1/2) relates to digital & information artifacts, but in college some/most?/all? taught to extend, think... critically think broad and wide
The utter privatization of wealth (the rich unfathomable wealth) while the masses in a gerbil cage is NO successful model anywhere/anytime.
And... if there was full US Citizen reliable, sustainable employment, there would be the REALITY of equilibrium and all their due incl govt.
Sounds funny, but actually there are goods and services that taxes pay for.  You think not?  Think again. #EverybodyWantsEverythingForFree
What are you trying to convey here? I like schools and roads and not living in a third world country. Taxes are a necessity. Come on, dude.
Lol
Your constituents are raising good question and concerns. Tweeting a response is poor communication. I would like a thorough response to us
My taxes pay for museums and public parks.
My taxes also help protect women's health.
My taxes also pay your salary.
My taxes pay for libraries, roads, schools, fire departments, clean water, & nat'l parks. Big fan of all of them. Does Trump pays his share?
Shouldn't you be investigating #TrumpRussia?
Yet I like my SS and Medicare
Need independent investigation into Trump/Russia and the corruption of the Trump administration. GOP pushing for more giveaways for the 1%
do you have any say what staffers tweet for you? Not doing you any favors that's for sure
Do you, John Cornyn, support Trump's tax plan? Simple question! If not, why not?
Release trumps taxes
Do not vote any tax cuts until we see Trump taxes. Use it as hostage for your vote
And without taxes you would not get paid
Has this world gone mad? When did it become lunacy to ask to see someone's tax returns who will benefit immensely?  The greedy get greedier!
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know is your name masked in investigation
Seriously? This is the crap ur posting these days! Yikes! My senator is a moron!
Bless your heart, Senator. We're watching & we vote.
No Wall!!!!!!
@JoeNBC @morningmika @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump   Senator!  That's some good red meat for the non-thinkers, but the modern ...
World's second oldest profession is the taxman.  I can't think of a period in the last 2000 years when there was not a taxman.  The taxman
Is not evil.  It is unfair taxes that are evil and those are strictly the offspring of whoever is in charge.
Let's pretend one of your unpaid interns sent this... either way it it a very uninformed Twain comment given it comes from a politician.
"Taxes are the price we pay for civilization. I like to pay taxes. " - Oliver Wendell Holmes
And the other pads your treasure chest.
That's all you can say about a corporate tax cut that can't possibly do anything but increase the debt And save trump about $4.5B?
Tax proposal based on discredited Laffer curve+trickle down economics You're outof your depth John,give it up @txlege @txdemwomen @Statesman
How will we know this #TaxPlan isn't designed to benefit the dumps & their friends?? We need to see tax returns!! 
@realDonaldTrump There isn't a rich man in your vast city who doesn't perjure himself every year before the tax board. Twain
"Politicians and diapers must be changed often, and for the same reason." Mark Twain - Also, you quoted Mark Twain incorrectly.
The proposed tax plan is not acceptable and will strangle the middle class.
Yet you want to tax the poor and give to the rich! Shameful bastards all of you Republicans! I live in TX we are getting rid of You!
“The difference between a Republican and a Progressive Democrat is ETHICS - @texascitizen6th
That's a poor rephrasing of the actual quote. Not shocked you'd get it wrong.
More appropriate is Oliver Wendell Holmes: "Taxes are the price we pay for a civilized society."
@DwayneStovall is a good start if looking for an answer to @JohnCornyn
Does not appear to be correct quote.
"What is the difference between a taxidermist and a tax collector? The taxidermist takes only your skin." - Notebook, 1902
And the difference between you and an incompetent partisan hack is ....... well, there is no difference.
"Hypocrisy can afford to be magnificent in its promises, for never intending to go beyond promise, it costs nothing."

Edmund Burke
You can't mock California and then go on the same anti-tax/tax break movement that took place there in the late 70s.
"I like to pay taxes. With them I buy civilization." - Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
The President's taxes first.
"Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself." -Mark Twain
Are you truly this tone deaf?
I think he is. We need to speak loudly to him in 2018 and 2020. #votehimout #andcruztoo
Unusual quote from McConnell's right hand man, or were you bragging?
I was going to find Twain quotes to point out your hypocrisy..
Evelyn did it for me. Soo... please read Evelyn's, twice. Once for me.
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect."
-Mark Twain
Taxes aren't the only way to gut us helpless animals sir. You could take away our healthcare then go after our social security.
"Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress; but I repeat myself. " -Mark Twain
Speaking of tax codes: "You can't pray a lie." --Twain. Try not to sell this as for middle class and not a budget buster.
