keep the SCOTUS confirmations moving....work on the District court vacancies.
but there hasn't even been a hearing yet. You're already voting yes? easy boy, let's hear from the man first.
@SenateGOP listen to ALL of your constituents. It would help if you made space on your voicemail.
shouldn't you have hearings first and hear what he has to say?
YES!!!!
you haven't even had time to look over everything! Just voting party line!
#SCOTUS Thank you sir for your service to the country, for putting America first, and voting your conscience
I look forward to voting you out of office. Women gonna be all up in your grill
and I look forward to voting you out of office!  #StolenSeat
.@JohnCornyn you've already made up your mind before the hearings?
.@indtx36 um @JohnCornyn you work for us. Wouldn't you like to hear what your constituents have to say before making up your mind?
you've already made up your mind without listening to the hearing????
ugh! You are not representing me!!
have you checked with your constituents to see if they approve?
@SenateGOP good thing you are getting on board because we the voters are watching you #txlege #MAGA #TrumpTrain #drainthesenate
he just made the announcement and you're already there? Wow. Did you get a heads up, or are you just blanket supporting DJT?
maybe he just got some head...
@SenateGOP Merrick Garland deserved the vote
@SenateGOP Do Not vote him in!!! The USA depends on you to do the right thing!
, Why weren't U this excited to at least hear from Obama's nominee? U could've heard from his nominee & voted yes or no. @potus
and I look forward to voting against YOU in your next election
Maybe if you would take calls from constituents, you'd know how many of us oppose these nominees. You fail at public service.
I am happy we waited. Also I hope others share our enthusiasm.
you are the only thing I hate about Texas
Really? Then The state of Texas looks forward to voting u out of office in 18. Good luck, Sir.
Shameful.
As Your Constituent and Your silence on Trump I look forward to not voting 4 You next election
Vote NO
@SenateGOP GOP: Great Oppressors of Progress.
Your extremist views do not represent my values or those of the majority of Texas women. Vote no on Gorsuch.
You rationalized a reason to deny Merrick Garland a hearing, counter to your charge in the Constitution. Very un-Scalia-like.
@SenateGOP sent a letter 2 this clown expressing concerns against the tpp,said it was GOOD for me & the state of Texas! Clown!!!
Good ..as for DeVos...maybe best to cut her loose...I am a Trump voter/supporter..but DeVos seemed totally unprepared@hearing.
, I look forward to voting you out of office.  Why didn't you act like a conservative when it really mattered?  #LousyPoliticia
Yay another right wing nut job. Cornyn you are a terrible senator.
I look forward to voting for anyone but you in the next election...
Don't piss on our legs and tell us it's raining @OMW2THEBEACH
Uh...ok
I'm sure you do. And we look forward to stopping you.

History will judge you and your cohorts harshly. Shame.
How can you possibly know your vote before the vetting and hearing process? That sounds irresponsible.
thank you perfect person please help fight for him
Thank you. Shut Pelosi and Shumer and Durban down.
Booker and Menendez get fired if they vote with you Conservatards.
your mailbox is full...how can you make a decision for us if you can't hear from us?? Thanks for your "representation"
Please don’t.
vote no!
You have a duty to represent ALL of your constituents. Right now, you are simply pandering to the worst of Texas.
@CNN Trump stated on live CNN 1-19-17 he paid Cornyn $ and now he had to work for it. Cornyn sold his soul & traitor
Neil Gorsuch deserves the exact same Senate consideration that Merrick Garland received.
I am disappointed that you play partisan politics and wouldn't even vote on Merrick Garland.
will you vote no on H.R. 621 though? Protect our public lands!!!
did you forget that the GOP candidate lost the popular vote by 3 million so how can you say this is the voice of the people????
Gorsuch is a great choice.  Thank you, Senator Cornyn.
Two words: Merrick Garland. Two more words: Rancid hypocrite.
Made up your mind before the hearings? Before any constituent response? Must be nice.
You seem intent on committing political suicide. A vote for Gorsuch will ensure mobilization to render you unemployed.
time for you to get a real job and do some real work - voting you out!
What about Judge Garland's hearing?  Too late. #trumpenablers are everywhere, and will reap the whirlwind.
Senators researched the potential nominees for some time now. There will be a formal hearing, but they know his qualifications
vote Merrick Garland. Oh that's right...you didn't give him a vote. You don't respect the constitution and your time is up
you represent a minority in Texas because jury meandering. You don't represent people you represent businesses
vote no! Or expect to be voted out!  This justice should've been appointed by legitimate President Obama!
to prove your relevance? #stolenseat
please explain 293 days of inaction for Judge Garland and how just 1 hour in you're ready to confirm Judge Gorsuch.
of course you do because you hate women and suck from the Corporate teet!  #wearewatching  #whyimarch
please vote NO on Sessions. No Republican President Bannon. U know he's nuts
WTG Sen Cornyn
I really did not like his decision on Hobby Lobby. His positions are out of the main stream.  Corp.are not people.
"Out of the main stream"? You mean the liberal main stream, correct?
I hope that you will reconsider and wait for a nominee who has more interest in people than in big business.
doesn't bother you at all that this is a stolen SCOTUS seat, does it?
#youworkforus #answerthephone #doyourjob
I can't wait to vote against you very shortly.
Tell us, John, what have you done to scrutinize his qualifications? That's what I want to see whether the nominee is Dem/Rep.
thank you.  God bless Texas.
@SenTedCruz Just like you and Cruz said when Garland was nominated... You don't need 9 SCOTUS, we will be happy with 8 till 2020
Why didn't you get to vote for Merrick Garland? What a chump you are. All of the GOP. Damn hypocrites.

U ppl r out your mind we didn't forget Merrick Garland!
.@JohnCornyn Don't hold your breath.
as a Texas resident I would like a negative vote
Please use nuclear option if D colleagues insist.
and why weren't you willing to at least give #MerrickGarland a hearing?!
looking forward to voting you out of office #SCOTUS
and I look forward to voting for your replacement. Answer your phones!
I look forward to having someone else represent me @JohnCornyn.
Will need to get on every media possible to speak directly to the people while Dems launch smear campaign.
if you do, you will not be elected in 2020. You can tell Ted Cruz the same for 2018.
- Why the extra police/security at the HTX office? Are you scared of your constituents? Your voicemail needs to be cleared out
If you had any integrity at all you would have at least had a vote for or against Garland.
Hopefully you look equally foward to voting NO on Jeff Sessions.
#votehimout2020. Texas is turning  blue.
lol Texas is red and always will be.
of course you do.  It's not like you've ever looked forward to representing the people of Texas
and I can't wait to vote you out of office. Answer your phones.
.@JohnCornyn maybe check your voicemail first
Living in republican conservative Texas sucks. Not that it will help but you will NEVER get my vote
You are a man without conviction or integrity...but don't feel bad that's just in the job description apparently so ur not alone
I looked forward to you giving Merrick Garland a hearing.
Should @JohnCornyn resign for not doing his job for eight years and now being a partisan Trump cheerleader?
not gonna happen. You stole that seat, so it will remain unfilled till the next president. Suck it Cornyn.
Are you even going to ask any questions? Is simply being a white guy enough?
Any chance you will resign early? I mean, it seems like the right thing to do. Let me kick off this poll real quick.
GOOD JOB JOHN!! Ignore the Godless USA haters (dUmocraPs) and support President Trump.
can you explain what characteristics of Judge Gorsuch qualify him for this position? Any specific references?
yes john i'd like an answer to this
Do you expect us to believe that you would have given Secretary Clinton's nominee a chance if she had won the election? Hogwash!
Nuclear option for justices. Simple majority. Now. Hell with the dems.
you realize they didn't do that to you either? It never ceases to amaze how petty folks can be
thank you sir
I look forward to vigorously campaigning/fundraising to see you out of office. Represent all your constituents, partisan lackey.
that's just mean spirited! Lol
I had a lot of hope for him when he was elected but his sole focus has been to stay in DC and collect cash.
Your voicemail is full...
I will not be voting for u in the next election #votehimout2020
It’s inappropriate to appoint a Supreme Court justice during a presidential campaign. Trump filed to run in 2020. Campaign is on
 nice one MD retweeting this!
.@JohnCornyn shouldn't he be extremely vetted before being put on the #SCOTUS? How can you say you will vote for him already?
Thank you. He seems like an excellent selection for SCOTUS.
Hey keep calling you but I can't get through...
Still waiting for your statement on #MuslimBan. Please record one. Constituents are waiting.
Thank you Senator.
But did you grieve for Antonin Scalia?  Nawh, ya didn't!
Neil Gorsuch has an alarming history of interfering with reproductive health and rights. #NoRoeNoGo
I look forward to this kid not being in limbo and missing school
Coward
I know you only have 140 char, so I'll finish for you: "...after OBSTRUCTING Obama's legal nomination. Party over country."
Glad you no longer want to cash your paycheck without actually doing anything. Kudos for you.
The democrats believe the seat should remain open until the voice of voters (popular vote) can be heard. Should take ~4 years.
It’s inappropriate to appoint a Supreme Court justice during a presidential campaign. Trump filed to run in 2020
So now you're going to do the job we elected you to do. Thanks.
You whipped that rubber stamp out so fast you got ink on yourself.
unless he's Garlanded.
#UnprecedentedObstruction
I shall not criticize you on this.  In fact, you have my preliminary approval.
Shocked to realize you look forward to doing your job after not doing it for so long.
your voicemail box is full.
he knows!
go for it...as long as you vote against Betsy DeVos. She is completely unqualified to lead public education
sadly sharon he won't. DeVos poured money into his pockets. He just sees $$$. He dosen't give fig for constituents
I hope you can find 59 others who agree with you.
