Diverting local law-enforcement to handle federal duties has nothing to do with safety and everything to do with your antiquated old racism.
Police Officers enforce all laws.
Actually, this isn't true either. I work in the criminal field. Why do you think we have different agencies such as DEA, ICE, Marshals, etc.
Different agencies handle different areas of the law. Police officers do not go around "enforcing" every law on the books.
Local law-enforcement is funded to serve the local community. Saddling them with transparently politically driven federal tasks only erodes
the local community safety net. This has nothing to do with the sanctity of law and everything to do with fear of brown people.
Why is it whenever immigration is involved it's always about a color of people? There are plenty of "white" people here illegally
Because that is exactly how the law is applied. Why is it whenever sociological reality is presented it draws such drastic backlash?
Not if it harms the community. Making local officers perform federal tasks isn't making anyone safer. This is about your xenophobia.
Dem mayors may be against withholding grant money but common sense constituents say YES!!
"Could put him"- He already is. The feds need to do their own policing, you fool.
Ideally yes... but you clearly haven't been checking the news the past few years.
Well, the good news is he'll lose urban area votes if we still have a Congress in 2020 under Trump.
Shut up
Listen to cops. DOJ/@realDonaldTrump policy hinders crime reporting. Pls support sanctuary cities.
One of the duties of president and congress is to uphold the laws of the land and yet you are sabotoging Obamacare.
Ummm because it's failing
Surely, you jest. They work for us. As do you. At least that's how it's supposed to work.
Leadership isn't about doing what's easy. It's knowing what's right, perhaps unpopular, and yet doing it with confidence. #nosanctuarycities

BREAKING: A federal judge has dismissed @KenPaxtonTX's lawsuit seeking to pre-empt Constitutional challenges to #SB4. 
I'm ready for the Deep State to disappear the Trump administration! How about you?
Unless they are Gestapo
Senator, what about the duty of the President to protect America? He is taunting a madman, that makes him mad too.
Surely, you forgot to take your meds today.
Surely, one of the principal duties of a Senator is to represent his constituents rather than big $ donors.
The principal duties of citizenship is civil disobedience when confronted by corruption of American democracy..as is happening right now
Today would be a good day for @JohnCornyn to hold a town hall.
   
  #DoYourJob or #Resign!
Sometimes law enforcement is wrong. Our AG has his own agenda.  Yall are scaring us w/your constant stabs at our democracy.
If you think "good citizenship" is turning in your neighbor then maybe you lived in the wrong time and Country.  This is not Nazi Germany
No. One of the principle duties of law enforcement is to protect it's citizens and uphold the law.
Nonviolent protest is still an option. The law is wrong and biased.
You are a terrible senator, and I hope you are not reelected!!!
depends on the law. it is also our right to fight discrimination, and that i believe is more important. you're such an intellectual wimp.
I like for states to retain some rights that they handle best but, this sanctuary bullcrap is deadly and dangerous to all.  That simple.
Using that logic Rosa Parks should have stayed in the back of the bus.Civil disobedience is a critical element of democracy.Are you fascist?
Surely, the principal duty of all Americans is to support the US Constitution and all its amendments.
...except when it's not.
How is it conservatives, so upset about federal overreach have NO PROBLEM with state overreach?

What a frightening thing to say. If it is a citizen's duty to obey law enforcement at all times, why have courts and jury trials? @ACLU
Make sure that our nation does not become a police state where citizens fear law enforcement. It's on you to do the right thing
Just follow the laws that congress established  I would be more worried about failing ACA and how that is hurting millions of Americans
"Rounding up" people whose only crime was to cross the border illegally hardly seems like the most important thing law enforcement should do
Surely one of the principal duties of law enforcement is to respect the rights of all in the US.
GOP = the racist, sexist, xenophobic party!!!!!!
Cornyn is a republican hack.
vigilante John Cornyn:  "saddle up boys!  grab your firearms and lassoes!! there's a stranger in town!"
You mean like Sally Yates, James Comey, and Bob Mueller?
Still no town hall schedule???????
What exactly does "cooperate" mean?  Build more jail's? Hold people longer than 48 hours? Not require timely correctly submitted  requests?
It's time to walk the walk...we have heard talk the talk from john Cornyn for 8 years...
I thought republicans were in favor of states' rights.   I guess you just can't stop kissing trumps behind
Surely a duty of an elected representative is to meet constituents in townhall meetings across Texas & 2 listen & represent them.
Liberal ran DMN should try to write article on: #TEXAS is the forefront battle against cartels & human smuggling." #WBTravis draw that line.
Not when that law is unjust towards the vulnerable. Then it is the citizens job to protest, resist.
Surely, one of principal duties of being a senator is to be honest and not try to continuously mislead your constituents.
Surely, 1 of the principle duties of citizenship is to abide the 1st, 4th, 5th, 8th, 9th, and 10th Ammends. Or are you forsaking your oath?
Surely, one of the principles of the free market is not to suppress the supply of labor.
Senator, start with the President work with law enforcement by not retweeting classified material on North Korea.  Emboldened North Korea!
Obeisance to authority? Not American. Voting, which you're happy to restrict? Yes. Paying taxes which you idiotically think is theft? Yes.
and surely one of the principal duties of public service is representing your constituents' voices and not the GOP
Authoritarian much? No, principal duty of citizen is to demand elevation of citizenship. Means resisting all attempts to diminish anyone’s
American Citizens have to Stand Together with President Trump
You mean Gestapo?
Then it's your duty to get that criminal president out of office. Surely that is the principle of the senate .
I'm trying to remember when actually gave a shit about doing something good. You have become such an evil person.
My country right or wrong... when right to keep it right, when wrong to make it right.  You sir, are making it wrong.
All of a sudden Rs are for federal government over-reach.  Let the states/cities decide this too!  You can't have it both ways!
Surely one principal of being a senator is to work for all your constitutes.To make your state a better place. #Fail
Your principal duty as a representative to your constituency is to not to back a Patholigical Liar Pres. Hypocrite. Do your job
Not when the law is patently unConstitutional, "Senator".   See 10th Amendment for fucking details.
Sounds like federal overreach to me John. Communities less safe if local cops doing ICE's work for them. So yes to #sanctuarycities
http://www.heritage.org/constitution/#!/articles/1/essays/40/naturalization … Read the Constitution.
I agree, but only when information is accurate.  The inflamed rhetoric on immigration on both sides casts that in doubt on this subject.
A US Senator who doesn't understand how the #FirstAmendment works shouldn't be lecturing others on the duties of citizenship.
Thank you Senator Cornyn for supporting measures that are sane,logical and protective of American citizens.
Frequently but not always. Google Bull Connor or Joe Arpaio. Life is more complicated than you suggest.
Putting "so called" in your article should disqualify you from ever writing again.
It's so bizarre the way Texas "republicans" have totally dropped their "small government" leanings. This is flat out federalist. Strange.
Another principal duty of citizenship is questioning bad laws and replacing poor leadership. Even law enforcement officials are questioning.
And one of the principle duties of government is to protect its citizens, Cornyn. #BuildThatWall & support our President!!!
Isn't a principal duty of a Senator to listen to their constituents? When is your town hall?
Except when the officials are doing illegal and/or immoral things.   Be kind and helpful.
Surely, one of the principal duties of law enforcement is to protect and serve ALL people equally.  How's that working out?
TX legislature didn't cooperate with law enforcement. https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/06/texas-sb4-immigration-enforcement/529194/ … Do cops know bad laws when they see them?
The reason you chose that name is that you think it hides what you are really doing: Betraying trust. The police have told you that.
I thought it was that localities know best how to utilize their resources? Or is that logic used only when you're trying to knock down ACA?
Drive to cut immigration is self defeating, look at other countries or US's Fed Reserve who question your approach:
Cooperate. There's an interesting word. How about cooperating on improving healthcare and stopping the voter disenfranchisement by the GOP.
This is another divisive action: You attack locally-elected people, turn neighbor against neighbor, alienate the police, encourage racism.
When the law enforcement in your state doesn't agree with your legislation... probably not a good idea. #justsayin
One principal duty to being a descent human being is compassion. Good sir, you have none.  With you it is always party, not country first.
Um, what about those insurrectionist Bundies?
Will Catholic law enforcement be exempted from enforcing immigration laws that require them to compromise their religious convictions?
Resign. We have enough crazy old men yelling at the clouds.
#VoteOutCornyn in 2020! #VoteOutTheIncumbent
If you read past the first 2 amendments, you eventually come to the 5th.
One of our principal duties is to elect someone other than you!
surely the law enforcement shouldn't kill people of color because of society racism
YES  bc most LAW-ABIDING Texans and US citizens expected others to OBEY the LAWS on the books
If they don't like them run for Congress
John and @DanPatrick if asked to cooperate with federal authorities under Mr Obama - wonder what's changed? 
#voteoutcornyn
I'm sure that Heinrich Muller would agree with you.
Could you pass this principle on to Trump?
Opposition to racism and discrimination is also a civic duty
Surely it is not.
I dont inderstand any american citizan not wanting to take the trash out. Obama didnt bring decent family immigrants here He brought their
Not if the law is unjust or being applied unjustly. Like if a bunch of racists were terrorizing Latinos
and using ICE to help
What is YOUR principal duty, John?
Texas deserves better than Cornyn.
@JohnCornyn Keep strong with your stand against Sanctuary cities! Houston Mayor Turner knows our crime rate is escalating but doesn't care!!
Surely the principal duty of law enforcement is to protect and serve People. 

John, what you're proposing is tyranny.
for Texas
Supporting an unconstitutional mandate combined with an extortion threat to withhold funding. TX mayors will hate you like the 72% of us.
The people who came here illegally should not get special treatment for breaking the law.  If they want to come here do it legally!
#MakeAmericaLookDumbagain 
#THEGEATWALLOFtrump 
Can say as my senator YOUR DUTY is to work for citizens of TX not potus or gop agenda!
Cornyn threatens sanctions on sanctuary cities. So you really believe they're deliberately harboring fugitives? Cruel & ignorant.
Not when they're behaving like Nazis.
That has nothing to do with forcing cities to use their limited resources to do a federal agency's job! You are on the wrong side of this
No John. It isn't. 

Especially if LEOs are abusing power and perpetrating crimes against their own people on behalf of the state.
Except that they live in reality, where people stop reporting crimes for fear of ICE. Police don't want this; that's good enough for me.
Surely one of the principal duties of a Senator is to meet with his constituents. When are your public meetings scheduled?
surely, one of principal duties of citizenship is to support the CONSTITUTION!
Note! Cooperation does mean giving up your right to remain silent
Surely if you and every other obstructionist that hamstrung the country for nearly a decade stepped down we could move items like this ahead
What next? Hosting police officers in our homes? This smacks of places where freedom isn't a right.
It's the duty of ICE. That you don't have enough agents is the Feds problem not local law enforcement.
Texas lege and gov already passed it.
Cornyn is Elitist Big Govt. Not what Texans---red, blue or other--need. Doesn't even hold town hall meetings.
Police have enough to do.  Spend more money on fixing the problem INSTEAD of on a Wall.
Surely, you no longer sound like a true conservative
can u also explain this part of citizenship to the gun-toting white dudes parading in public that refuse to show ID to police when asked?
No. The job of law enforcement is to protect citizens. Police aren't slave catchers anymore, John.
Tell that to the British. Remember when they insisted American colonists should board and fed their 'law enforcement'?
How are u cooperating with law enforcement officials when they tell you 'show your papers' bills make us less safe but you pass them anyway?
The primary duty of citizens is the defense of the constitution & principles behind it, not blind obedience. Shame you don't see that.
My country, right or wrong.
Right and I'll stand by it;
Wrong and I'll try to right it.
The cities knowingly elected pro-sanctuary officials
"He stressed the need to hold jurisdictions accountable"

We stress the need to hold YOU accountable. The pendulum swings both ways, John
Your statement has nothing to do with this article. But congrats on using a reputable news source and attempting to clarify your position.
Not when "law enforcement" means "violating due process" and breaking up families.
Is that why you and your GOP lackeys try to undermine the #Russiagate investigation at every turn?
Get with the times John! When is your town hall? Texas voters want to speak with you to voice their concerns. Healthcare, wall, other issues
This is about your racism and xenophobism. Let's be real. Let's talk about it at our town hall meeting. When is that?
Until you recognize that our economy DEPENDS on the illegal immigrants to pick out crops,  you are not living in reality. #PutinIsHisBoss
Law enforcement is answerable to the people not the other way around. It is our duty as citizens to ensure it stays that way.
"Counter productive, mean spirited and likely unconstitutional."
Ummm...the police chiefs  (local law enforcement) disagree with you. So you're one of those anti-local rule R's?
@JohnCornyn What are you getting in return for supporting a criminal and traitor for president?
https://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/04/new-report-reveals-mcconnell-ryan-took-millions-russian-oligarch-tied-putin/ … was his name just not listed?
Surely, the feds should raise enough money to hire the people they need to do their OWN work; local police have a different job.
Surely one of principal duties of representation is to cooperate w/entities you seek to represent. Like,idk,listening to Tx law enforcement?
Wtf even is this? Read what you wrote and think about your boss and all he's done that is the literal opposite of cooperating with LEOs.
& maybe get into the habit of reading articles instead of tweeting based on headlines. Twice this morning ALONE you've embarrassed yourself.
Great, I guess you expect full cooperation from Trump and co in the Russia investigation and you won't try to block it either.
As a Marine, I have a duty to obey all "Lawful Orders", not unlawful.
Austin, that you Love so much, they think your bill is hateful. They're right. #TurnTXBlue
Unless law enforcement is acting in a way that violates civil rights and upholding institutional racism.
Why do you hate your constituents? Let's discuss at your next Town Hall...
Um.

What?

Have you READ our history?
Yeah I'm soooo sure you were beating on this during the Bundy Ranch episode. This account is a joke.
I thought you cared about states' rights? Why do you want local agencies to foot the bill for doing the federal government's job?
Cooperate, not do their job. If you have direct evidence of a LEO ignoring federal orders you should make that public.
You really do hate PoC don't you?
One of the duties of citizenship is to serve when drafted. #Trump is a draft dodger.
Cooperation to maintain safety and order of the people. Can't always have that if many won't report or become witnesses due to fear of auth
I would love to discuss this with you. When is your Townhall?  #TownHall
one duty is to respect your fellow man/woman
And Reason #5,783 to vote you out. #outdatedpolitician
Did you read this? They said you're "mean spirited." Sounds abt right. You Do Not represent the best interests of TX. Shame.
John never reads anything he posts.

Or he's an avid masochist seeking invalidation from Twitter haters. Either one.
No
Tell that to Trump.  He's been stalling @ChuckGrassley
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/03/grassley-russia-comey-senate-236052 … Are you talking to the President, John?
