.@JohnCornyn Senator, if you're now for reform instead of repeal, it'd be welcome news to the millions worried about losing health care.
U.S. Govt should not be in the business of providing healthcare or education unless intent is to make it worse or dumb it down
Says who?
says the results. why were public schools better 50 years ago? Now have quantity HC instead of Quality HC.
Actually, public education is getting better, not worse
SAT scores disagree, have been trending down since the sixties.
Are you a teacher?
No, but I do have a background in research and statistics and cannot tolerate unsupported nostalgia.
Especially nostalgia that risks the welfare and future of others through baseless, sweeping attacks on public education.
You have no plan jagoff.
Learn some manners. If you don't agree make a suggestion but don't disrespect the Senator.
First Amendment says that I can.
Yes it does but you should have more respect. Have a wonderful day.
I don't think the amendment says we have to be respectful of elected officials. And who are you to lecture me.
@jonfavs TOTAL REPEAL & REPLACE with something that WORKS & Drs willingly accept!
Nope...otherwise we wouldn't have had 50% of bankruptcy caused by medical costs.
Yeah...WAY better the CHARGE people penalties because the can't afford O'care that Drs REFUSE! DUH!
The penalties are not really that much .  Since when do doctors not take private insurance?
O'care increased 25% to 110%..deductable- 8500.00..penalty-3700.00. Dr says NOT accepting O'care patients
If your 1% penalty is 3,700,  then you make 370,000 a year.  You can't afford health insurance? #Liar
WRONG!
@jonfavs More Cornyn LIES! Sen, you have no intention of reforming health care, bc you do not believe that healthcare is a RIGHT
I am for you leaving office, and look forward to voting against you every chance I get.
HERE! HERE! I also have voted against you every race you have been in and every race you are in going forward
Step 1 : Repeal
Step 2 : ???
Step 3 : Profit!
Wrong, the Repub Senators are the #1 recipients of huge sums of campaign $$ from health insurance, pharma, hosp
So, if it's repealed, what will you be reforming and how? Do you have a plan or are you just a political gremlin?
how do you plan this while insurance companies lobby the hell out of the gop?  $$$$$$$
Don't forget $$ big pharma, $$ big hospitals, lawyerSS, the Veterans Admin, who need ACA to treat veterans
Healthcare is not a privilege or something one should have to bankrupt oneself for. It is a human right.
#Obamacare "Reform" coming from you scares me. Just get the Fed gov. out of my healthcare, doctor's office, and medical insu!
@jonfavs  Senator, talk about healthcare "they can afford". Sir, you don't care about folks who can't afford!
what if they cant afford?
My friend is a mom of 3 in Austin all on Obamacare b/c they can't afford ins thru her hubs job. Don't take away their insurance!
@jonfavs really helpful when you have a preexisting condition and your drugs cost $900/month
I hope you mean a #FullRepeal  Get the Federal Government out of our medical care!
I heard you say, "Obamacare will collapse on its own.  It's now collapsing on me.  Please, keep your promise.  #FullRepeal
Still worried about your 1% donors, eh?
So.........we're waiting. Spill it.
Yeah, but see, John. They can't and they never have been able to and they won't w/any plan you've put forth. #MedicareForAll
where's the plan tho?
@jonfavs Good luck with that Senator.  Which insurance companies do you own?
I buy my own insurance and should be able to buy equivalent coverage and Drs available to those that obtain ins from employer!
I pay over $1000/mo for employer sponsored ins. The deductible is $2500 Co pays after ded 20%, I pay for ins I cannot use@JohnCornyn
Family of 2, I pay $1,600 a mo., plus $14,000 family deductible, plus 30% copay and NONE of my Drs are in plan @JohnCornyn
I have found cheaper, we have looked. I would rather pay cash than have gov mandates @JohnCornyn
My plan is BRONZE at $18k with $14k deductible and 30% copay and my Drs out of plan.
- Where do you live? 
In Oregon, my Ocare BRONZE  is $5K deduct, $60 copay, 50% coinsrnc. Kept my doc.
TX; rates are by age & county throughout nation, 10 insurers in mine, only 1 anyone ever heard of
@jonfavs I am worried too
ACA repeal can wait-Reform the insurance industry, pharm industry, medical supply industry, &strengthen Consumer Protections 1st
Wait??  You can't possibly expect someone with no morals like Cornyn to turn on his buddies at insurance &pharm?
idiotic.
for millions of ppl who have pre-existing conditions, fixing costs are most important NOT abolishing ACA
Unless you have a plan that protects the ill to put in place as part of the repeal, you are pandering not serving the public
@jonfavs Show us the plan??
@jonfavs Why must I pay for medical ins for people I don't even know?
@jonfavs Shrink the Federal government in every possible way & we'll all be better off!
@jonfavs Show us what your "reform" looks like. Let us see it, then discuss reform.
With great power comes great responsibility. You have the power to destroy the lives of 20 million Americans. Consider wisely. @JohnCornyn
So, you're in favor of single payer, Medicare for all, right? That's the only way Americans get coverd at affordable price
Why don't you ask the American people? Oh, wait -- you might not get the answer you want.
@jonfavs start over.....illegal tax needs to be nuked.
But of course you have no idea how to do that, but who cares about details like that, right?
so what are the details of your plan?
You're not FOR anything. You're against a brilliant, dignified @POTUS
@jonfavs are you repealing your family's coverage as well?  That would be the fairest thing
@jonfavs and which "Americans" exactly are you referring to? *inserts the word ALL*
.@JohnCornyn What is the replacement? If there is no individual mandate,how will you ensure affordability? Will y'all include RX price regs?
@jonfavs My son is severely mentally ill and needs his injection 4x per year @ $2400 yearly. ACA pays for injection now.
what's the new plan look like? You've had years to work on this. Don't take away health ins for millions just to be petty.
Just take the good parts and fix the challenging parts. It's all or nothing with you guys. Stop w/the pissing match!
- I want the awesome Insurance coverage back that I had before Obama screwed it up! What I had WAS great til Obama.
My mother would die without her Obamacare plan. She was uninsurable before. You don't care about people dying. Just politics.
@jonfavs table your plan today or admit you don't have a better one. To do otherwise is either reckless, cowardly, or both.
What is the GOP plan for replacing affordable care?  Seriously, you have opposed it how many yrs? Pony up ur plans.
- Original.
Share your plan for what the "better" thing is to get people ok board.
Until you come up with something better than "you just go to the ER," repealing #Obamacare will make the GOP a killing machine:
@jonfavs Repealing a reform measure is not reform. It's politics. Stop playing politics with human lives.
@jonfavs deny healthcare for all politicians until Americans are covered;politicians only get healthcare that they pass for all
When? What coverage will enrolled Americans have?
@jonfavs exactly what will you replace it with and when? Without huring millions
great! What is the reform, please?
@jonfavs And your plan to replace it is what?
@jonfavs It's increasingly sounding like republicans lied when they said they had a replacement ready
@jonfavs don't repeal til you have a better plan. Or better yet, don't repeal at all.
@jonfavs Americans want the Obamacare protections.
And your plan for reform is...what, exactly? Been hearing "repeal & replace" for 6 damn yrs & ya'll still got NOTHING.
Let's see the plan.  30 million Americans are praying for a plan since you are intent on ripping away our only hope.
No repeal.  Fix what is broken Repubs.
I feel like you're doing this backwards. I don't support you in this.
@jonfavs why? ObamaCare is working! Are you willing to leave 30 million w/out healthcare??? Disgraceful!
@jonfavs I'm OK y'all repealing/reforming by just calling it Trumpcare. GOP wins, I keep ins., and idiots keep ACA, kill ObamaC.
You've had over 5 years what is the gop plan for health care reform.
So where is your reform plan? You'd rather just eliminate health coverage for millions, without a plan. It's OK, you're covered!
I don't give a crap what they "want" since what your people want doesn't cover anything and we all pay for it in the end.
tell us the truth y prices r going up SENATOR. Perhaps bc more people r using it?
@jonfavs what does that look like m??? You offer no alternative and millions of will be without the insurance they need.
@jonfavs
The ACA gave me exactly that. Why take it away?
That' awfully nice of you. Care to tell us what the 'replace' part looks like?
Problem being you have no idea what that reform could be.....even after 7 years.
Where's the replacement & why is my ins. coverage being determined by politicians who get the best health care FREE for LIFE?
So what's the plan?
And what is your health care plan that will replace Obamacare? Its repeal only makes sense if you have an alternative already.
You have that backwards. Come up w/right & just plan first, then maybe if yours is better, implement new plan, then repeal ACA.
@jonfavs Easy to slash and burn- where's your solution? Do you build or tear down?
what is your plan, sir?
@jonfavs #GOP HCare Plan: JUST BS!!!
Reforming health care. Yes. Reforming Insurance companies. Yes.  Leaving millions with no safety net.  No, No and No.
then you haven't actually done any homework and are just towing a weird partisan line. That's bad. Very bad. @jonfavs
Kindly provide details on your replacement before you repeal.
it's been 7 years and you still don't have a replacement?? SAD!
So what's the plan? You & your cronies have been whining for years about ObamaCare. #CornynCryBaby
I am one of your constituents. I do not want you to repeal, espec since you and GOP seem to have no actual plan for replacement.
Moving forward without a plan will cost lives and livelihoods in general, & w/ a personal impact to me. Do not do it.
Our state has the some of the HIGHEST insurance rates and THE most uninsured. #ACA
What are you going to replace it with?
@jonfavs Reform first THEN repeal.
@jonfavs A constituent. Don't repeal until you have a viable plan. What is your plan? Put up or shut up!
so what's the plan? Repealing without a replacement ready to go is the only firm plan I've heard so far.
@jonfavs It's so easy that in 30yrs ur party managed to come up w/ only 1 solution & it was the ACA b4 it was called Obamacare
@jonfavs replace, don't abandon the millions who would be dropped . Shameful
@jonfavs Thank you! My premiums are expensive.
Thank the insurance companies for that. Not Obamacare.
@jonfavs I am getting healthcare that I want at the price I can afford. Stop trying to repeal #Obamacare
does this mean you will keep the pre-existing cond clause? Will you erase the lifetime caps? Be specific. #ACA
@jonfavs wow, wonder why they didn't think of that before?  Why didn't u come up w/that when they were working on ACA??
DO YOUR JOB. REPRESENT ME. Please. Me not landing in a wheelchair depends on it.
UNTIL YOU MAKE THE EFFORT TO REFORM. Don't you DARE lie to my (virtual) face or spit out generic party line to get off the phone
You're a lying corporate stooge.
Don't you DARE sit here and tell me you directly yanking my health care and our children's hc is about anything else...
So either have the balls to admit this is just about your vendetta or sac up and HELP FIX WHAT ISN'T WORKING.
Congress has had TWENTY YEARS to come up with an alternative. They haven't.
And the rest of us get to carry the consequences AND pay for YOUR interests and not ours.
In short, sir, all you want is to repeal ACA and damn what your constituents want. This is a vendetta FOR YOU.
why not just make positive changes to the ACA & quit wasting time with all this repealing nonsense?
I have offered to sit down and share my story and my information and you haven't bothered to return emails or phone calls.
If you repeal ACA, I am one of those people who promptly becomes uninsurable again.
@jonfavs employer health care $8000/year premiums with $1000 preventive care limit is unacceptable! What is your premium sir?
Only 26% want FULL repeal. About the same % as voted for your @GOP leader. You're in the minority, Senator.
WELL SAID. RIGHT ON. FREEDOM TO CHOOSE.
@jonfavs GOP just raised the bp of Americans by saying U will take hc away. Now won't be able to afford bop meds. Sad!
We all know the plan. They have told us - "go to the emergency room." But that raises our rates & taxpayers pay  #SinglePayer
.@JohnCornyn I am your (reluctant) constituent & I disagree with your plan. Work on making sure Texans have coverage.
he has a plan? Could have fooled me
@jonfavs "they" won't be able to with pre existing conditions & less rural health care #acaworks
great you've had 7 yrs,where's your replacement?
@jonfavs And when are you going to explain HOW this will be done.  We've been waiting for details and nobody will provide any.
@jonfavs what's your plan?  Maybe The Russian Model? #askvlad
I'm from TX and prefer replacement before repeal.
@jonfavs His profile pic looks the cover photo for a solo alternative rock album.
@jonfavs Republicans are like the dog who finally caught up to the car after chasing it for eight years. Now what?
@jonfavs Repealing the ACA without a replacement will leave millions without insurance and can drastically increase premiums
And, the healthcare burden for entrepreneurs without the ACA could stop the formation of small businesses
What is the plan? Healthcare is affordable to many for the first time. Did you forget the price increases before the ACA?
@jonfavs have you heard of cherry picking. Health insurance is a business their aim is profit. $$$
Fix it, rename (evidently problem w/name), but don't repel it. Repeling puts people in hardship & will just cost more $ & time.
Show us the money CornDog.
Moronic to say the least. Then again Republicans are!
@jonfavs Another thing Senator Cornyn and I can agree on. Insurance rates have gone crazy with the "affordable care" program.
you're a crook
So you'll argue for more price controls, more premium subsidies, expanding Medicare? Great news!
which essentially translates to the poorer you are the less you will be covered. Nice!
@jonfavs That's exactly what I finally have since ACA was enacted. Affordable care. Please don't take it away from me.
Thank you for making that clear! Many want ACA repealed!
@jonfavs what are you and colleagues replacing ACA with?
you're all talk and have no alternative plan. Kill the ACA and own the fact you're going to #MakeAmericaSickAgain
you shouldn't be repealing anything without a replacement ready for immediate use or we'll be repealing you.
If you repeal rather than repair US will have single payer in ten years.
@jonfavs so what is your plan? It's a respectful request by a voting American: what are details? Thank you.
So keeping and improving upon Obamacare? Great then we can all agree.
Could you also share how you would replace it? Details would comfort many of us Texans who have benefited from the ACA.
Putting the cart before the horse attempting a repeal without having a replacement plan.
So, what is your plan?
@jonfavs What is your plan and how does it help Texans?
@jonfavs Mr. Favreau, you can learn of Cornyn's policies by looking at what Texas is doing to healthcare agencies-ugly & evil.
we'd like to hear your reform plan in detail - before repeal - Senator
I am for the Easter Bunny and cold fusion. Who's next?
Might want to talk to the insurance companies and hospital systems about that...Best of luck with your hands in their pockets.
why after 7 years do you not have a clue what to do and how it will work?
@jonfavs Senator, it is dishonest to represent that you are helping people by taking away coverage w/o a viable replacement.
And I want a pony!
Stop with the willful ignorance and empty platitudes.
@jonfavs we've seen only empty rhetoric, no plans, no specifics. GOP will need to dig deep to find better than ACA & soon!
@jonfavs you have had years to come up with plan and replace. Read before voting,don't lie or gloss over bad parts.
Senator....did you do anything before Obamacare for Texans?  NO!  Are you working for Texans??
How about you save the Sen's time and our money and just fix the ACA? Call it Trumpcare if you must, but stop terrifying ACA policy holders!
@jonfavs Would like to believe that Congress can get their act together for health care, but GOP fought healthcare since 1960's.
I am one of your constituents. You must have a good plan before you repeal. You will be taking from all of us if not.
@jonfavs Except that ur certain on the former & clueless on plans for the latter.  That's petty & irresponsible.
@jonfavs what's your alternative?
Post a plan w/ detail. You whined about not reading ACA beforehand. Give us YOUR plan with $$ details. You had 7 yrs to develop.
@jonfavs Clear that Texas Reps have 0 plans to address poverty, healthcare, early child ed, etc. Only plan to say to Pres O
wait. They also do plan to defund everything and growth wealth. And peg Obama policies.
Please just fix what needs to be fixed in ACA and rename it Trumpcare so the next Pres has something to whack off over...
@jonfavs I am a constiuent.  Do NOT repeal.  You can make necessary adjustments once you have an actual plan.
give us some specifics and we'll listen.
I'm sure your plan will let each person who NEEDS healthcare get it at a price they can afford. So let's see it already!
I am one of your constituents. If you want to reform, then do it before you repeal. Don't leave Texans uninsured and uncared for.
If only Texas had not refused the expansion of Medicaid which drove up our taxes and insurance premiums.
I am your constituent and I want you to fix issues, not repeal.   And keep insurance companies from intervening in med care.
Me too!  America and Americans first. We give Israel 38B$ and they provide HC to their ppl. Why don't we?
@jonfavs Like Trump says, "Obamacare out, coverage up, rates down". A simple solution.
Are you going to repeal your health care PROVIDED BY TAXPAYERS, or do you just want to stop taxpayers from getting Obamacare?
Exactly! First we should reform benefits & perks of Taxpayer Employees, then Insurance Industry, then Pharm Industry
We are the bosses. They are employees. Non-Socialist jobs don't let employees set their own pay rate & benefits.
Great explanation Senator.  Key on AVAILABLE and for a PRICE.  Not on the tax payers dime and not mandated.
@jonfavs But the GOP does not seems to have the guts or the brains to do this - after 6 years of charades.
How about just "reform"? You know, fix the broken pieces. If after 7 years you have no plan, it's time to rethink your approach.
and your plan is???
I get the coverage I want at a price I can afford. #Obamacare #Resist
@jonfavs The responsible path forward is to develop and align a reform strategy, and then repeal ACA with coincident new plan.
@jonfavs so, when you repeal ACA, what's your plan next? There seems to be a lack of a "plan." Anything?
so what's your back up plan hmmm #crickets
Dear John; what do you consider affordable?
How would he know ;-) One of many Congress perks is great medical care.smh
what's the f'n plan senator?
I am a constituant. Please do not repeal until you have a replacement. Thank you.
So where's your plan?
Let's see what this new plan is?! All we've heard is repeal.. what are you gonna replace with?
So what's the plan?
