Maybe those on twitter should read the article...and see what metrics were used.  Totally nothing to do with the political climate
Cornyn is a partisan hack who did not read the article and wants to claim Austin as the most livable city because it's in Texas.
Our governor said it stinks and lacks freedom. Austin is way too progressive for you, but you should visit and have a town hall here!
Tell that to the Governor Abott. He seems to have some serious problems with Austin and Travis County!
Please give Abbott a call about this article. He seems intent on destroying the city. Actually, to be honest, the entire state.
And yet you refuse to do a town hall here
The most Liberal city in the Great State... hope the rest of the state goes BLUE
Sorry, Senator, I must disagree. I'll take Houston over Austin any day of the week!  lol
And it is #ProWoman, #ProChoice, welcomes #LGBT and #Muslim communities, is a #SanctuaryCity, and accelerates #GreenEnergy and #Environment.
But I'm sure that's just a coincidence.
Imagine that, the most liberal city in Texas and it's the most popular....
Well no thanks to u! Ur a disgraceful rep for Texas
Rather live in a tent next to the dump than live in AUSTIN.
Babylon on the Colorado.
So why would we let @GregAbbott_TX changes laws that make it so great? #waronATX
Not due to any help from oafs like @GregAbbott_TX who seem to think we're "stifling" business.
You do know that is a liberal outpost, right?
??? If you're a #snowflake.
I live in #Austin suburb & the high #taxes are being wasted on 'progressive' pipe-dreams by a liberal city gov.
Ahhhh, a nice, PROGRESSIVE city! My fave kind.
You know it's a liberal city, right?
I think it has to do with all the trees. @GregAbbott_TX
Yes and thanks to gerrymandering it has no voice in congress. #GOPisEvil
Greg Abbott is trying to make Texas the worst place. Do something!
But #TXLEGE sees fit to override local control over those factors that make Austin so desirable and successful
In spite of having a sheriff that protects illegals??? Secure the border and stop pandering. Texas is for Texans.
But our governor said, "It’s the smell of freedom that does not exist in Austin, Texas." Maybe it's our progressive policies instead.
You might want to clue @GregAbbott_TX in on this revelation, evidently he thinks we're all a bunch of tree hugging snowflake control freaks
What was your last vote total there?
Austin=Progressive Mecca of Texas
Seems you and the Governor hate this town?!
As if you cared for the people of Austin! #hypocrite
Did you also forget it's probably the biggest liberal bastion in TX? You did? I knew it!!!
Except for the two state senators.
That little belly button of blue is pretty popular.
At least it will be when our GOP txlege gets their head out of their corrupt, bigoted asses!
in spite of the GOP TX legislature! Governor insulted Austin this week. Clearly he needs to embrace it instead!
Well, Big John. Why don't you come down here and meet your constituents in a publicly open town hall?? #ChickenshitCornyn
@tedcruz @LamarSmithTX21 When are you visiting with the public here?
Our governor owes us apology for his comments about us and our city and county.
Austin is #1. It is also votes democratic and progressive.
Most Americans want trump to release his taxes. Y wont trump release his taxes? Why do u support trump. He is bad for America
Yay! Blue Austin!
Yes, and its a sanctuary city. Stay out
Yes and it is a very liberal part of Texas!!!!
So why is Gov Abbott attacking it in the Legislature? Can we move the state capital to Fort Stockton?
Maybe because it's liberal, blue to the core, tolerant, progressive, inclusive, and does not discriminate. All the values the GOP reject.
According to Austin, Austin is #1 ...   duhhh
Total crap.
Also says Washington, DC is number 4. YUCK!
That will be coming to an end thanks to @GovAbbott and @DanPatrick
No thanks to you!
If you ask questions about Clinton then you are trying to deflect the real questions before our country
Thanks to libs and communists!
Is Austin a conservative community???
Ha , by who? fruits & nuts?? Sm Commie country inside aFreedom loving State!Politicians & liberal UT ruined it a long time ago!
Too hot in the summer. Long drive to go anywhere. Bad traffic congestion. A smaller town can be much better. Rapid City?
Unless it literally becomes too hot to live in soon due to climate change.
Oh no, you can't claim ANY credit for Austin. What makes Austin cool is the embodiment of everything you denounce & legislate against.
Apparently you aren't on speaking terms with Gov. Abbott.
That's weird with all the non-freedom-y funk that just hovers over the city, or maybe the smell is just the capitol? @GregAbbott_TX
....Despite a bigoted state government hell bent on making it not so.
So tell your boy @GregAbbott_TX to quit micromanaging it
burnt orange and BLUE! #atxbar
Considering everyone there would vote you out in a hot minute, that's not something for you to brag about.
I think you and Gov. Abbott are on two different pages.
And yet @GovAbbott says Austin stinks. He should place the mansion on airbnb and live in Pasadena.
Our governor doesn't think so. Someone should remind him.
Oh?? Look, a sanctuary city.  Nice when the governor does everything to ruin it.
I love that liberal city. This ranking comes as no surprise.
Isn't that telling, Senator???Which county is blue???? Could it be Travis, Senator?????
Not because of anything you or Cruz has done! Let's vote these traitors out of office! Let's clean the swamp!
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Yet @GregAbbott_TX rails about it - and damages it when he can.
Let's have a town hall here in Austin to celebrate!
But you don't represent the liberals of Austin. So how can it be No. 1?
Prefer nyc!
We are waiting for our apology @GregAbbott_TX -believe me when I say we don't want you in Austin anymore than you want to be here.
No thanks. Awful traffic and over priced real estate. Fun people, though.
So you must now call @GovAbbott and tell him to stop attacking Austin
Not gonna last long SB4
Yeah if you're a Democrat leftist
No thanks to Abbott. Or maybe in spite of.
Because it's blue you numbskull! And if they keep coming, you are out of a job!
Don't talk about us. Same goes for your buddy @GregAbbott_TX
Also considered a "sanctuary city". Weird huh?
Fiddle while Rome burns, sir
It's dangerous to read into things, but with such negative comments from Gov Abbott about Austin, I appreciate you posting this article.
Hard hitting stuff John..let's not talk abt senate trying to rush a healthcare bill, house starting to gut Dodd-Frank, & Comey testimony
Not sure why you're bragging.  Im pretty sure they have disowned you down there.
It's cool I like it. U should visit and tell that gov to leave things alone. It's not broke so why is he trying to fix it?  
You, Ted, Greg, and Dan doing your best to change that ranking. Stay weird, Austin.
Isn't Austin the most progressive city in Texas?  Why do you post articles that undermine your party?
Also @GovAbbott just yesterday lauded the fact he was LEAVING Austin and liberalism. Gotta love a Gov. that belittles his own capitol city 
In spite of you.
Thanks to progressive local government. Not you know, you.
Best place to live. Sanctuary city. Progressive government. Etc. yet y'all trying to tell Austin what to do?????
No thanks to you. If you can't be bothered to listen to the people of Austin, don't pretend you actually care about us.
You should check it out sometime.
I cannot for the life of me,  understand WHY!!!
None of us really care if you do, honestly.
Drone
Ah, the blueberries always are the most popular places, aren't they?
