ACA replacement, as written, is not a bill the AMA can support -- reductions in coverage are too critical a flaw. http://spr.ly/60198XN3H  
Making people pay more if their coverage lapses is an individual mandate. Charging seniors way more is age discrimination
I still don't understand why you tweeted this @JohnCornyn. What's your purpose, what narrative are you trying to push.
you know who does like the GOP plan? The Russians. Are you colluding with them too?
yes but they DON'T. endorse the GOP plan. bc MILLIONS will lose coverage.
"@AARPadvocates GOP's “age tax” wld force Americans age 50-64 to pay thousands of $$$ more4 health care.  @JohnCornyn
@SusieMadrak @AmerMedicalAssn Are you going to tell us about all those suffering docs who refuse to see Medicaid patients, now?
and?
Does this mean you are not voting for Trumpcare?
so you admit that this one is even worse than Obamacare.  Got it. Thanks for accidentally being honest with us.
Gee. I wonder why ...
that because it wasn't a big steaming pile like the crap the house just pushed out
@AmerMedicalAssn 
Cornyn tweets articles but never shares his stance. TELL US please Senator, it's a matter of life & death!!
and you're surprised? Please. Get a grip. You're completely out of touch with your constituents.
Read it closely, dear senator. It's leaving programs for women's health in the dust. Support for Planned Parenthood is needed!
The email contact page of your website is not working, fyi.
@robdelaney @AmerMedicalAssn Yes, because doctors generally like to be able to treat patients.
And what's the deal with the tax cuts for the rich being part of this bill?  ACA needs improving BUT this is NOT the right bill.
.@JohnCornyn Yes, bc MORE ppl could afford coverage. Ppl w/pre-existing cond could get coverage. #TrumpCare will cover less & cost more.
The Repubs tell you the new health plan gives you more choices.They don't tell you all the choices are bad.
something they can be proud of unlike you crooked soulless cowards. Host a town hall 
@AmerMedicalAssn STOP pushing this flop! It's poorly thought out, has no cost estimates, & goes against UR constituents wishes.
U never will or don't want2 understand: whether they are insured or uninsured-we all pay4them.Insured costs less than uninsured!
@AmerMedicalAssn Yes, & UR idiotic self & clueless GOP actually THINK they know more about healthcare than doctors!! U DON'T!
it may be a shit sandwich but the insurance companies are going to have to eat it
just so we're clear...as long as R's produced it, you're for it and screw the AMA or whoever is against it. Is that correct?
There's nothing inconsistent here. O-Care better than Trumpcare.
The president gutted the ACA with his Jan 20 EO. The GOP plan is useless. You say "govt is broken"? Your party is the culprit.
U R apparently all for 1 (yourself-as long as U have what U need) & NOT 1 for all (of US)! We will remember.
Yep, because it was a good bill. Good for patients and good for doctors.
If doctors, hospitals and patients don't support this health care legislation, who does and why?
Remove the individual mandate and age discrimination. Then the bill is better. @AARPadvocates
conscience time.
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/aug/20/texas-maternal-mortality-rate-health-clinics-funding …
you should come out against.TX has the worst maternal death rate in the developed world & the new plan phases out maternal care.
maybe we should let the AMA run Congress instead of the GOP? America would probably be a lot better off that way.
From your tweets it's hard to know if you're pro or anti #ryancare
What is your position here @JohnCornyn ?
Maybe your party should have consulted them before trying to force through a pathetic replacement for the Affordable Care Act.
Does this mean you stand with your party or with the AMA? I'm with the AMA on this one. No repeal. Constituent: Rowlett,TX 75089
"Major legitimate authority says that I'm wrong" is a weird selling point.
It's almost like you're trying to lose.
Are you trying to dismiss them as a relevant stakeholder? How is anyone ever supposed to take you seriously again, post-Trump?
These recent tweets about ACA vs. the new AHCA objectively seem like you're in favor of defeating the new bill. Can you clarify?
we seniors found out that the GOP is trying to kill us off!  What's next taking away Medicare & Social Security?  GOP out in 18!
because their interest is in health care not serving their donors with tax cuts. Makes sense.
@AmerMedicalAssn What's your point? Docs know nothing about health care compared to Plutocrats?
And your replacement plan is garbage.
Yes, & AMA declared gun violence an epidemic.  Your actions on both AMA issues?
That should tell you everything you need to know about the replacement!
As medical professionals, they have an ethical obligation to help people, and they don't endorse the GOP replacement.
Believe me, Senator, you don't have to convince us that the Repeal and Replace is ill-advised and hastily constructed.
@robdelaney maybe, just maybe the GOP got this wrong?  I'm so disappointed you represent my state.
No. They only didn't endorse AHCA, especially with Planned Parenthood defunding.
but you know better than those hacks in the @AmerMedicalAssn right? #trustthedoctors
The AMA is not falling for GOP's MediCON bill.
are you saying that weakens their credibility or just accidentally scoreboarding yourself? Both?
can you clarify for your constituents whether you are for or against this proposed health care act?
Please be clear about what you are attempting to say here
@robdelaney Aghast! Champagne Socialists!
@robdelaney Hey Tom Price, maybe your bill needs a few more pages.
Exactly. they are against the slipshod, giveaway to the wealthy you're trying to jam thru without even waiting for CBO scoring. @JohnCornyn
Yes they did, didn't they?  Maybe you should listen.
I don't think the AMA is being political here
sure, what do they know about healthcare 
@AmerMedicalAssn And they were right to do so. The PPACA dramatically reduced the number of people with no insurance coverage.
Yes, because Obamacare helps people, it's not just a taxcut for the wealthy.
And they should be so proud they did. The replacement plan will mean many  thousands of Texans will now lose coverage.
I suspect they know more about healthcare than MOC.
Outside the world of the fevered #GOP base, adults can favor/dislike policies without it always having to turn into D-vs-R
Why are you so intent on harming Texans that you ignore advice from doctors (indeed, in #GOP-land, you are slandering them)?
It's very disturbing that you're so far down the GOP rabbithole that you think we'll assume endorsing the ACA is a sign of evil
Hold some town halls and meet some actual Texans who will be hurt by your ridiculous posturing.
Something about it allowing access to healthcare that they didn't previously have.
Apparently Doctors use facts to make decisions. Political rhetoric doesn't count for much.
Yeah, but they also backed Tom Price's nomination...
It seems that you claim to know more of the practice of medicine than the people who dedicated their lives to it. I doubt that.
@robdelaney This tweet... I don't think it means what you think it means....
AARP also opposes. Not the most liberal organization, wouldn't you say?
…so then I guess they know what they're talking about.
@robdelaney and David duke endorsed Keith Ellison.
endorsement does not make it right.
It's clear that you are not really interested in providing quality, affordable healthcare to more Americans.
and they would probably support a robust single payer system. You can make it work but you don't want to try...
.@JohnCornyn @jmartNYT You can't even tell us how much the bill will cost or how it will grow or reduce the deficit.
Tha AMA endorsed Obamacare https://twitter.com/AmerMedicalAssn/status/839494806854336512 …
AARP showed a 55 y/o earning 15k a year could pay 8.4k in premiums. It can't possibly pass.
IMO this isn't the real healthcare bill. They're going to pull a different one out of their ass on 4/12
passing this bill as it stands would likely wipe out the GOP in 2018.
What is your point here, Senator?
yes the AMA endorsed the Affordable Care Act, what everyone calls Obamacare. They are not in any was endorsing the replacement.
I'm a little confused here, are you for or against the proposed replacement?
are you just trying to say that since you believe the AMA was wrong about the Affordable Care Act, they're wrong about this?
please clarify your stance on this. It's worrisome that you seem to just try and ride it out to see what ultimately wins.
it appears that you don't really care what happens as long as you appear to have supported victor from the get go...
You mean the ACA that led to the lowest number of uninsured Americans ever? Seems like the endorsement works.
In comparative to your plan, also I and
CHA Opposed to GOP #ACA Repeal & Medicaid Cuts' Impact on Low-income Individuals http://ow.ly/MAKG309FKwG 

NEW POLL: Only 24% of Americans approve of Congress http://hill.cm/pnryUUp  
Your point?
the*
YES! Is the AMA suspicious now because they don't endorse the GOP replacement? Are doctors not experts on this?
you're treating support for the ACA (basically Dem Romneycare) like it's proof of insanity. ACA is flawed, but was 1st attempt.
I'm confused; Are you for or against this atrocious 'replacement'?
the AMA is a trade union whose sole goal is the promotion of the usage of services of Medical Doctors. They do not represent the people.
AMA is crazy org
Because as medical doctors, they have an obligation to think about how to help people.
