Infrastructure is on trumps agenda too
We will definitely need a lot of rebuilding when the moron starts a nuclear war.
U right! Maybe we should give NOKO some of Hillary's Uranium, just to show we just playin.
Dems used 2love Russia but since trump wants 2 talk, Dems hate old allies. Soon they'll run back to Putin wanting his forgiveness. Schizo.
That is nonsense.  Again, read a book. Russia has never been our Allie.
If that wall isn't tall enough to prevent a nuclear attack then what is the point of talking about it in the midst of Trump provoking NK
Trump isn't provoking NK, Obama should have confronted them years ago, now NK has more advanced weapons!
Can we build a wall around the racists in your party?
Where are you Senator?   Why are you not speaking out against what happened in Charlottesville.  You are a leader of the Senate!
What kind of whip are you? Ur consistently undermining trumpy's promise of wall. THIS is issue you're going to take a principled stand on?
We need immigration reform with a path to legal status for those already here
We have those laws now, Dems won't enforce them they are turning us into a lawless Country..fncic-voiac.org and
http://reason.com/assets/db/immigration-flow-chart.jpg …
No wall unless it is for locking up the crazy fool in the white house. A large, soundproof wall to contain him.
But that's part of POTUS' agenda, and you've committed to passing it.
Trump will make the wall work!
When is your Town Hall?
There won't be. @BetoORourke on the other hand is out here burning up the miles during the recess and meeting people.  His eye is on 2018.
Are own version of The Maginot Line.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP @tedcruz @RepKevinBrady @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @POTUS @WhiteHouse  Has Trump got the Mexicans to pay for it?
Build that wall high and deep. Hire more border agents! This is why http://fncic-voiac.org  and
fake news
Get back to Washington and stop the president from starting a nuclear war!
We need to use that money for more patrol and technology at the border, not a ridiculous wall.
Article implies you listened to constituents about the wall, why didn't you listen about healthcare? When is your DFW town hall?
The problem is that the President does not care what makes sense or what is reasonable. Not for the wall, not for any other issue.
Hey, John, do you think it's strange that POTUS is more loyal to Putin than he is to your party? More defense of Vova than McConnell.
I mean, that's weird, right? Why would Trump *thank* Putin? That's really strange, right?
What about how Trump criticized Congress for *passing* sanctions on Russia, but *thanked* Putin for doing the same to us? So. Weird.
So when's your Town Hall?  Texans want to talk about healthcare, the f'ing wall, education, etc. What have you done for Texas lately?
Sorry, can't focus on this when you allow the maniac in the WH to continue pissing match with maniac in NK, both w/nukes. #ImpeachTrumpNow
NO WALL. None. Not one extra foot of a physical barrier is necessary. The crazy person in the WH doesn't need deference for anything.
tell the boss, not us. we already know.
A walk when trump is ready to have tens of millions of people killed! Speak up before it is too late.
28000 America troops are in south  Korea
No wall. Waste of money.
So what are you doing to stop Comrad Trump from destroying our state? Is the rest of the senate behind you?
Kinda doesn't matter since the madman occupying the Office (and who you support) is tweeting about starting WW3.
We don't want a wall, Senator.
A wall doesn't stop airplanes which is how 40% of the undocumented arrive. This wall is a poor use of resources
When you speak about Pres Trump's agenda, I believe you are part of the swamp. You are not speaking for this Texan!
Waste of taxpayer money.
Building a physical wall where possible & beefing up technology & personnel along TX border is needed & what Trump wants
Obviously propaganda;says you "showed spine" to the man you bow to. trump is backing out of his promise for a great wall and you are helping
Don't pretend this is the only braindead GOP policy that doesn't fit my state.
When it's built, can you all get on the south side of it and remain there please?
Doesn't need to go through wildlife & butterfly refuges.  In fact the whole thing is a giant waste of $$$$
The key idea in this piece is that GOP must seek bipartisan solutions.
Well, Cornyn? Are you going to start representing all of us?
Would you please remember that trump himself said the wall was least important thing!!!  Move on.
No wall.

what a crock. Work on real immigration reform, e-verify, guest worker pgm that works, don't need a wall. Waste of $$$
Quit showing deference to this whackadoodle president who did NOT win a majority of votes. Try acting in bipartisan manner like Trib says.
Texans won't pay for Trump's wall, #SB4isHate anti-sanctuary cities laws are anti-local law enforcement. Why do you make laws against Texas?
Actual NO wall fits better asswipe.
Again...tweeting a headline. Whats your position, and why? State your case. Also, when's your next town hall????????
Resign
You all heard that women need to buy rape insurance in Texas?  The bill is heading to the Gov desk. Texas will lose many endorsements
I am a woman living in TX & statements like this make you lose all credibility
Isn't that what the democrats have been saying????????
How about no wall
How are you going to finagle this to your benefit?
I have been concerned about West Texas. Big Bend National Park. Trans-Pecos Pipeline. Proposed radioactive dumps.
Map of area involved. Sierra Blanca sludge dump is still there. Trump's new wall proposal has nuclear waste dumping with it.
Explanation of map. On radioactive nuclear waste.
One white old politician doesn't reflect the views of most Texans.
I agree. At least this time he's conceding that TX is unique and folk along the border have different needs. Plus acknowledging land diff
Or is he just posting an editorial to hide his actual opinion? Who knows.
Score, senator! Let's have some Sensible solutions. Way to go.
Speaking of whackos. How about helping us oust the most corrupt, spectacularly unfit president ever?
it's a "fence" by all accounts.
@JohnCornyn It is obvious with you retweeting this disgusting article that you @GOP elites STILL DONT GET THE VOTERS!! Vote 4 @POTUS not U!
Why do you have to quote a paper rather than just state your position yourself?
Because he values money instead of people
So now we've moved from rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic to bickering over what color they should be. Great stuff knuckleheads
Dear john what time zone are you in ? NK is threatening nukes due to our madman @realDonaldTrump and you talk of walls ?Country over party
At least we can agree on a border wall being a stupid idea. Wish we could agree on more.
How about NOT putting up an unnecessary wall? Has that thought ever crossed your mind?
It's hard to trust you, after your praise and support for #45. He is clearly a madman: dishonest, greedy, ignorant and volatile.
I hope you won't destroy the wildlife and butterfly refuge centers & that you'll protect the endangered species threatened by making a wall.
Come on John show some courage.  The Trump-nazi soon will throw you and the GOP under he bus.  Put the interests of the people over party.
has no courage. No balls. Nothing to offer his constituents.  But, how's the bank acct John?
NO wall is best solution. Taxpayer waste of$
Illegals won't be stopped by a "virtual wall". That is pure academic nonsense. Build the wall everywhere and make it 50ft tall. Go Trump.
Jesus John, say something about this.

Q: Thoughts on Putin expelling US diplomats?

Trump: "I greatly appreciate the fact that they’ve been able to cut our payroll." (via ABC) 
#BuildThatFence?
There is no wall, trump wanted a window but really no wall is best!
"leaders must seek bipartisan solutions to avoid the train wreck we witnessed over health-care reform".  Do you believe this?
We don't want a wall at all. We don't want Trump and we don't want the disgusting politics of fear and hate.
#NoBanNoWallNoRaids
#ImpeachTrump
#FireHannity 
#TrumpRussia 
#RESISTANCEONETX
Listen to subject matter experts & stop hurting our most vulnerable!! #YallMeansAll #bathroombill #txlege #sb3 #sb91
Can't comprehend how #txlege members can meet 7-year-old Libby, my constituent, & still vote to pass the  bill. https://www.texastribune.org/2017/07/22/transgender-girl-gets-her-two-minutes-bathroom-bill/ … 
Stop making ALL our communities less safe-Listen to subject matter experts & your own police #SB4IsHate #sb4 #txlege
Watch a Texas police chief explain why Trump's immigrations policies will have a disastrous impact on crime 
Why does it look like @VP wasnt briefed about the widespread Russian interference w our 2016 election? #TrumpRussia
FLASHBACK: Mike Pence January 2017.

Q: Did any Trump campaign member have contact with the Russians?…
Why didnt Republican leadership inform  about  as our IC communities confidence grew? #TrumpRussia
NEVER FORGET that in September, McConnell reportedly rejected calls for a unified front against Russia & cast doubt on the intelligence. 5/ 
How about NO wall?
Uhm...your president is about to blow Texas off the map-you might want to shift focus. #batshitcrazy #NoNukes #25thAmendmentNow
So the honeymoon is over? Or are you still gonna stand by your man? Either way, that Trump stink sticks on you, you know.
