Trump barred them, then relented under political pressure. He gets no praise for backing off his dickishness.
"Just in time"...no thanks to @realDonaldTrump so don't act like you wanted this to happen.
First they were denied because they are Muslim.Thanks to Xenophobia bill you support,which is tool recruiting for ISIS
Don't act like you're in favor of this! You giant hypocrite! You were salivating for the ban and now you're all happy for them! Hypocrite!
A requirement for special dispensation for this to happens shows the inanity of the ban.
They shouldn't be "allowed in" by Trump. They should be allowed in by the laws and will of the PEOPLE of the US.
can't wait to vote you out!
Why were they denied entry in the first place, John? Where was your statement in favor of their entry? You are a tool. An ineffective tool.
THEY WERE BLOCKED COMING HERE BY STUPID POLICIES YOU SUPPORT
Shame on you for supporting #TrumpcareKills and #TrumpRussia
Yes, despite the challenges they faced as a direct result of the administration you support.
What about all the girls (and everyone else) in the 6 banned countries who are just as deserving and yet can't come?!
Thank goodness for non-GOP intervention!
@realDonaldTrump 

Trump is the reason they weren't allowed entrance to U.S. in the first place!!
Too bad they couldn't get here much earlier
Good to hear but shouldn't have been banned in the first place.
I don't recall you tweeting about what they went through to get here.


Allowed in by @realDonaldTrump? Are you kidding John? Trump is the reason they were denied, twice! Stop being #Complicit!
Thought you couldn't be more obscene and self-serving; you outdid yourself again. No one will forget your support for this craven POTUS.
Despite the efforts of the monster in the White House.






Just in time because of Trump's misguided policy.  #notravelban
No thanks to 45 or the GOP.
Too bad Trump needed to be harangued to make this happen.  The ban is anti-American to the core, as is the wall.
Yeah! Trump saved them from himself! What a hero!
You let them in? Interesting...


The only reason you Peons gave in was because the mortals grew very very irate at you for your prejudice.
Why was their VISA denied so many times? Did the Administration deny them because they wanted to look like a hero in the end?? Very sad
How much was this nation and your soul worth? Just curious how much money you were paid to callously discard both.
Weren't they barred by Muslim ban? Still trying for Brownie, eh? You are out of touch as the come except re America's fears, which you mine.
And why weren't they allowed in the first place...
Away from that, when will you stop lying to the people of America. With this admin these are the saddest times of our lives. Obamacare works
No thanks to your party's hateful Muslim ban.
Let's reward him for his own bad policy.
After denying them twice. 
When do u take a stand against the mob family running R country? Or because @GOP elected him, it's OK?
R U one 2?
Like y'all did something "special" to help them! W/out the insane Repub policies, they would've been able to come, no problem! Y'all r asses
Gotta love it. Make a hateful blanket rule; make an exception because it went viral and then celebrate the one exception. Man, you guys suck
NO SHAME. NO SHAME AT ALL
A relief. But I wonder what made that so hard...
The hypocrisy must be exhausting for you at your age + dodging constituents, bowing to donors, cameras in your face, time to retire now?
Reason rules!
What about all of the other Afghani girls we won't let in? Or should Trump have final say for every individual refugee?
Trump is soooo magnanimous.
Seriously? The only reason I'm not protesting this ban at the airport is that I respect the decision of the Supreme Court.
I certainly don't respect the White House's arbitrary, ham-handed ban. How many terrorist incidents committed by refugees now? Still 0?
Trump's incompetent policies was why their visas were rejected. .
So glad the administration saw fit to make an except for them. Who knew banning ppl based on religion could be so complicated?
How much money are the Russians paying you? What would your father say?
Despite being unwelcome to people like you and Trump
Thank god the admin whose boots you lick didn't do something rash to impede their arrival or anything.
Yes, our Gracious Leader is very, um, gracious. Praise him! 

You pillock, his rules were the ones keeping them out in the first place!
Pillock ... love it.
The bar is low with you guys huh? So much praise for doing something totally obvious.
The only reason they had a nightmare getting here was because of Trump. Hypocrisy now to make it seem like he's generous
Too bad that ill-conceived ban caused them so much trouble in the first place.
No thanks to the absurd travel ban imposed on them. After all they had to go through, we certainly didn't show them any welcome .
How many 90-day reviews do you & Trump need to revamp the system?
Are we at 200 days yet?
This administration did it's best to reject them. Thanks to rational people that pointed out the idiocy of these policies.

This administration has done it's best to empower xenophobia at all levels of government. And hacks like Cornyn with no integrity shield him
Good luck girls!  That's an amazing journey.  Enjoy DC and all of the people you will meet at the competition and embassy.
Did you stand up to help them get here?
Forgot your old man pills again, John? Being granted dispensation only illustrates how absurd Big Don's travel restrictions are.
A bit passive aggressive wouldn't you say?
Wonderful John. Your constituents focused on repealing Obamacare why aren't you. It's what we elected you to do. Now get it done.
Stop the Washington two step and misdirection
It's good they were able to make it. It would be a crushing disappointment if a policy prevented them from showing their skills
This is a good thing. Happy for those girls and wish the well in the competition.
Ugh. Can't we send them back?

OUT OUT OUT!
Honestly, don't we have our OWN robotics teams and our own girls? These hijabis are just jihadi war brides waiting to happen. DEPORT!
You are an embarrassment to the state of Texas and should be glad we even let you play at our table.
If I light a fire that burns down a house, then rush in to save the dog that was in there, do I get credit for saving the dog?
No thanks to this ridiculous administration and all the bullshit travel ban ridiculousness.
They'd have arrived earlier if not impeded by @GOP #MuslimBan. You did nothing to help. Go back to focusing on #wealthcare

#KillTheBill
Yet, you support  tRUmp who is indebted to Russia. Why don't you hold this administration accountable? Why don't the rules apply to GOP?
Why did the administration try to keep them out? Comment on House of Trump's Russian Relationship...don't be complacent.
No thanks to you.

BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Headline should read: "Trump intervenes to save Afghan girls robotics team from his own ridiculous executive order." 
Most people don't  know the Presidents stupid travel ban was the cause of their travel problems. #TrumpHistory
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
That headline should read "Trump apologizes for travel ban failure".
GOOD MORNING JOHN!...ready to fight like hell to kill poor people? Eager to nix protections for sick kids? It's the weekend! Live a little.
What do you think about the comment sent to the election integrity committee: "pray there is no hell"?

Asking whoever does Sen's twits
How can ya'll even try & spin as a win for Donnie???
... and we break our word to Afghan translators who aided and protected US troops. Are we a country with integrity?
No. No we are not.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
Grasping at staws much?
Somehow trying to take credit, the idiotic travel ban kept them out just cause they were Muslim so apparently terrorists.
King Trump grants special dispensation, meanwhile, we break our word to our allies in Afghanistan:
He arbitrarily lifted his own arbitrary ban.
Really burying the lede here, John
What a bandwagon jumper....where were you when they were denied multiple times by the White House....Typical hypercritical
https://twitter.com/samstein/status/886210576858443779 …
Just in time. Glad they got to attend, but you & yoir fearless leader get no points for this.
