And Yates schooled you!
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
That was President Trump trying to intimidate witness Sally Yates.
BS she needs to answer some tough questions she needs to be indicted, prosecuted along with thousands of other Obama administration crooks !
TROLL
John, your conduct at the Yates hearing was BLATANT OBSTRUCTION. Look in the mirror, ask yourself, what would a Patriot do? #trumprussia

Sen. Lindsey Graham, the chair, remains the only Republican still present at this hearing
Why are Senators from my state so eager to help Trump cover up his collusion with Russia?
they all think they are above the law
Deriliction of duty.  If you aren't going to do your job, then you should resign.  Russia. Trump COLLUSION.  Those are the focus of commitee
#AnswerThePhone, Feckless John. Stop hiding from constituents. #TownHall #Impeach45 #TheResistance
you should !took into sat tx chief McManus money is missing from grant unit do s think he picketed it
Your behavior during questioning yesterday was an embarrassment. You didn't even talk about Russian interference! I'm ashamed of you.
Wasted time and money. Nobody cares!
Trump: "I don't stand by anything." President Trump's interview in the Oval Office: Full Transcript

Comey says Russia is still involved in American politics; Russia is “the greatest threat of any nation on Earth” to our democratic process 
Rice served w/ dignity & denied U a filibuster!
You are so transparent & will not survive next election cycle.
TX is done with you & Ted 
Why didn't you ask any questions about the Trump Russia contacts? Seems someone knew so why ask?  R u complicit in this?
Broad Collusion in the white house. Will You #BeAPatriot&StandUp2theParty?  #IndependentInvestigation?  #SenateDithersWhileDemocracyBurns

LEAHY: Does it serve any purpose for Trump to second guess Russia's involvement?

CLAPPER: You could rationalize it helps the Russians. 

Q: Trump just said again that the hacking could have been China or someone else…

Comey: It was Russia. 

My favorite part is where he doesn't get W's analogy about "hiding in corners" lmao 
Bruh, you got straight embarrassed yesterday. Just intellectually beat up. And I bet you hate it happened BY A GIRL.
You might want to get Ted Cruz some Aloe... cause he got burned by Yates.
You were a poor example of a Senator in your unprofessional questions to Yates.  You could care less about Trump Russian COLLUSION.
Sally Yates ate your lunch, LOL! Ted Cruz too.  it was great.  Shame on you, Senator, for implying she was anything but a patriot.
Saw you take that pic, ask partisan, irrelevant questions, then leave. Good job.

"[Russians] must be congratulating themselves for having exceeded their wildest expectations" in US election-related hacking - Clapper
You got roasted @JohnCornyn, maybe don't go poking tigers when you have a tiny stick.
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
You and Cruz were ridiculous today, made me happy I no longer reside in Texas. Yates was an amazing public servant, more backbone than you.
Sally handed you your ass today.
You looked like an idiot today...  All of you should be fired and we need to start over at the WH. Ppl living a real life while you pretend
and Senator Cornyn refuses to ask questions related to the topic.
Did you leave immediately after Yates responded to you?
You forgot the part about you not offering her standard courtesy and trying to use her as distraction from your GOP cover up #TrumpRussia
Hearing on Russian interference and you're focused on travel ban??    Blatant party allegiance over country.
You got smoked by Yates! It was funny and painful to watch!
Hey John, you got your ass kicked by a real patriot today.  Thank you Sally Yates.  You should give a damn about Russian interference.
GOP is trying to put smoke & mirrors on investigation. If you are so concerned about privacy- fine, but don't put it on par w/ treason!
Sian Rice not the object.  Focus on the criminal behavior in the current white house
Haha - Sally Yates owned you today. You managed to only look foolish.
Really satisfying to watch Ms. Yates school Cruz. He acted like a kitten pretending to be a lion. She looked amused watching him try.
How dare you try to impugn, in any way, the integrity of Sally Yates by calling her a disappointment. You are a disappointment/she is a hero
John I saw you and your partner left early from the hearing, I guess it wasn't going your way
Arrest rice and Obama!
Why did you refuse to stay?
Seeing your biased performance Susan Rice was right not to testify. You have no capability of addressing real issues with honesty &integrity
got your ass handed to you today didn't you.
You ran out of there awfully fast - didn't want to hear the rest of the testimony?  Only want YOUR version I suppose.  Go, Sally.
Hey Sally Yates was impressive
Wonder Y you soapboxex on supporting Trump, didn't investigate the matter of National Security. #FakeSenator
What I'd like 2 know is why U used UR turn 2 attack Yates on her refusal to uphold the unconstitutional ban on muslims #priorities?
That was the objective of the hearing. You seemed to forget with your leak questions. Check leaks in your depends.  Embarrassing bully!!
Cornyn and @tedcruz got their asses handed to them.
Logic of why she didn't aside- did you want your repub comrades being made fools of by 2 women instead of one? They seem touchy about that.
Susan rice did nothing wrong! Identifying Flynn was part of her job & a GOOD THING. She unmasked, not leaked! Worry about RUSSIA
I'm enormously disappointed in you as a human being. Party, power, $ more important to you than people, country, democracy, even treason.
You wanted Sally Yates to stand up to a president if it was @POTUS44. Your racism didn't prove out. @realDonaldTrump is the traitor.
Senator Cornyn, you & Ted Cruz are an embarrassment to Texas!  You behaviors during hearing today was shameful & sexist.
You were such an embarrassment to us in TX today. Cruz, too. @SallyQYates FILLETED both of y'all! That was glorious. She is the true patriot
Dude, you got owned by Sally Yates.
Didn't go well for him did it? BTW, the leaks came from overseas dufus. Nothing you can do about it.
WTH does the Muslim BAN have to do with the actual PURPOSE of the hearing?  NOTHING!
And Cronyn getting his ass handed to him at 3
Yates pwned you, dude!
Hooray for Sally Yates!!!  She said 'No', just like you asked her if she would!
Flynn is a traitor.Think about your country. Shame Shame Shame
We can see you. You are acting guilty
Putin elects an idiot & @gop acts like it won the lottery & goes on a spending, killing spree like common criminals https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/861254691568492544 …
You should have stayed home. You looked woefully overmatched by Clapper and Yates.
How do let Rice not testify? Force her
Wow. Just wow. You have a lot of nerve to leave the hearing w/o asking 1 single question about Russia. Disappointed constituent here
She refused because she wasn't going to be a diversion! This looks like a cover-up!!!! What are you hiding?????
See, you mention the purpose of the hearing right here.  During the hearing, you performed an exit interview for a former DOJ employee.
wish Texas had a senator who actually cares about national safety. Republicans showing partisanship over governing.
Yates kept her composure today and schooled you and Cruz. She has a conscience and morals unlike the two of you.
At least you are consistent with looking like a fool. You didn't disappoint today either.
Gee, if you knew it was about Russian interference, why didn't you ask about that? And you ran out early after getting schooled. Sad!
You got owned today traitor.
This is a lie, and you know it. Prove your lie. Produce the documents asking her BY THE COMMITTEE, shame on you!
And John Cornyn came across as an idiot

Why didn't you ask any questions on Russia?  You don't care about our democracy.  This hearing was not about ban
Well, you refuse to hold a town hall.
Your behavior was a joke, why are you ok with treasonous behavior by the executive branch? This is your legacy.
Senator, @SallyQYates DID NOT say it was lawful. She said the EO was UNLAWFUL. 

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
Cc: @SenWhitehouse : Senator Whitehouse, do you agree with @JohnCornyn ? Ive read that you don't. #explainfurther

Shame on you sir. The investigation of RUSSIAN interference in our democracy. YOU chose to take your time questioning travel ban?
Mr Cornyn is your ass still sore from the spanking that Sally Yates gave you today.
Watch me get owned this afternoon!
You got schooled by Yates today brother.  hahahahahaha
Why Susan Rice - she did NOT collude w Russia
How can Susan Rice refuse? Where is justice?
Interesting that you never focused on Russia or Flynn. Rice did nothing wrong. You're supporting traitors.
Speaking as an attorney, if she did nothing wrong, why refuse to testify, under oath, before Congress?
Just like you refuse to do town halls for your constituents. 75248
Hello? The Flynn information was leaked to WaPo by WH GOP operatives. They saw the Flynn danger and leaked so Trump wld see it on cable TV
You spent your time trying to patronize Ms Yates and got your posterior thoroughly handed to you. You ought to be ashamed, it was funny tho
And you are a SLIME BALL!!
Sir you looked pretty pathetic at hearing today. You should be ashamed to call yourself a US Senator.
Watching your ass get handed to you was fucking incredible. #SallyYatesIsAPatroit
good for Sally Yates who stood up for what is right and correct
Don't be Trumps yes man..............have the guts to do what is right
You're an embarrassment to intelligent Texans. Yates outclassed you and knows more than you'll ever know.
Wow John, today Yates exposed you as a partisan hack and uninformed political amateur. You should have called in sick.

#TrumpRussia
Lol      yeah, I'm laughing at you. 
Sally Yates kicked your patbetic ass.
Lolol---still laughing at you
And you refused to stay on topic. Good job, partisan boot licker.
#SallyYatesIsAPatriot
TRAITOR @JohnCornyn DO YOUR JOB = #Trumprussia TREASON
LIARS @POTUS #Flynn
@maddow @JoyAnnReid @MSNBC @CNN @FBI @CIA
#SallyYatesIsAPatriot
TRAITOR @JohnCornyn DO YOUR JOB = #Trumprussia TREASON
LIARS @POTUS #Flynn
@maddow @JoyAnnReid @MSNBC @CNN @FBI @CIA
you and other GOP left early. Cant you even pretend deep down you are not a traitor for a couple hours?
You got owned.
And Mr.Cornyn carried the trump questions with him to try to discredit Ms Yates.When will you serve your country?You embarass Tx
And she shouldn't testify! Ur purposely trying to lead this investigation away from the Trump & Russian's collusion. AMERICANS R NOT STUPID!
She has nothing for you. Stop deflecting!
And you couldn't be bothered to ask anything about Russian interference.  DO YOUR JOB!  Put America first, stop protecting trump and Russia.
Looks like #Putin has more than one #Holster to keep his piece in...disgraces unheard of on the part of the dishonorable #SenatorFromMoscow
You keep saying the hearing is regarding Russian - but not one of your questions was in reference to Russia...hmmmm...possible coverup?
And she explained why, quit sensationalizing it. Nice grandstanding today. #Russiagate #SallyYatesIsAPatriot #turnitblue
you and Lyin' Ted embarrass Texas once again. Thanks for nothing.
Your questions revealed all we need to know about you. You do not care about a true investigation. I hope you never hold office again.
As the police say, Susan are you hiding something
From your line of questioning, I thought it was about Trump's immigration EO #confused
And you didn't even focus on the Russian Interference. How much were you leveraged by trump. Seriously, why waste valuable time? #SallyYates
Boom! Sally Yates shut you down throwing back your own words from her confirmation at you!!
#SallyYatesIsAPatroit
And yet, you didn't ask ONE question about Russia.  Hmmmm
You hateful,pompous,sexist,racist sad excuse for a man.Sally Yates isn't on trial. You were rude. You care nothing about Russia. Karma.
Why don't you testify on why you want a Muslim ban and won't vote on the president's release of tax returns
You need to get to the bottom of this FLYNN dealings where ever it goes. This is not about Republicans or Democrats it's about AMERICA. 2018
Why are you asking questions about Muslim Ban? You teamed up with @tedcruz to bully Sally Yates
She didn't waiver in her decisions
How does crow taste anyway, Mr. Cornyn?
She said the Muslim ban was unlawful and the courts agreed with her. Something you chose to ignore. Hang your head in shame.
By the way Sally Yates handed you your ass today. You tried to shame her for doing her job and she responded accordingly.
Good. She knew you were only looking to demonize her. You're not interested in the truth.
Your scolding & comments to Yates demeaned your office &  gov. Comments about Rice out of line. Where are the REAL REPUBLICANS 
You made a shameful display of yourself. The Gestapo was also great at shutting off and following orders. History will judge you accordingly
You refused to asks pertinent questions. Why? Covering for Trump, Pence or the GOP?  Shame on you. #TrumpRussia
You need to start focusing on Russia and Trump. You're idiotic questions are proof you're involved in the cover up
People like @JohnCornyn on this committee does not make me feel confident that an adequate investigation can be done.
Rice declined because her invite, unlike others, was not bi-partisan.  You could easily fix that.
You sir are a waste of time.
Why should she? So u can waste more time asking about the Muslim travel ban or whatever Trump directs you to ask?
And yet your questions have been less about Russia and more about partisanship, hmmm, no wonder Rice didn't show. Ask about Flynn Senator.
Not the illegal Muslim ban that the attorney general's office does not have to defend when it knows it is illegal. Keep wasting tax dollars!
better plan your retirement! Na na na, na na na, hey hey hey hey, goodbye!
@SenatorDurbin @LindseyGrahamSC @CNN @MSNBC Commend Yates incredible credentials,professionalism, classy responses to disrespect.
John Cornyn = "enormously disappointing" Using your time to question Re: leaking & unmasking. BTW: The US Courts deemed the Ban Unlawful.
@tedcruz No questions regarding the Russian interference and Flynn? Nothing? No Principals X's two. 2018 just around the corner. 1 down
You are  biased & not worthy of serving our country, not to mention your horrific voting record of self interest. Twisted partisan views.
So why are you asking questions regarding Trump's policies on Executive Orders? Has nothing to do with this hearing on Russia investigation!
Kind of embarrassing that former AAG Yates so swiftly hoisted you on your own partisan petard.
#lasttermrepublitraitor
17 days- that's how long #Trump took to fire #Flynn.
Which part of #treason makes America Great Again?
#Trumprussia #SallyYatesIsAPatriot
You are either very bad at this, or complicit. And Yates is owning you. Disappointed in you, as well.
where you have shown country what a partisan hack you are. Courts agreed w Sally Yates or did yu conveniently forget that? You HACK
I'm a veteran & u, John Cornyn r enabling a dangerous person 2 have the codes. U are guilty of treason & putting our Nat Security at risk.
Thank you for speaking out as a veteran.
You got f'ing owned by Sally Yates! Put your politics aside and stand up for America and honesty! We deserve better.
You just disgraced your office questioning former Attorney General Yates! resign!
Boy you are all corrupt
Way to redirect questions for the sake of the @gop. Enjoy your mark on history.
And you used time to vent about #MuslimBan.  You are just a fool
including one on an island somewhere (fyi Hawaii)
Is this your first time with public speaking?  You look terrified up there.  Never seen you trembling and mumbling like this before.
your nauseating !  she knows how to do her job..too bad you dont !  and its unconstitutional just like every other judge has said !
Softballs at Yates. Country over Party #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
You're a disgrace and a slime ball. Oh and a traitor to our country. I hope you go down with the ship.
Cornyn, do your job or lose your office!!!  Defend the constitution not the Trump empire!!
Cornyn wouldn't know the constitution if it jumped up off the desk and bit his nose. Fire the pathetic fool.
LOL!!!  AGREED!!!!
she just put you in your place !!
Stop bullying #SallyYates !
@JohnCornyn - ExxonMobil is working with Vladimir Putin on a 1-2 trillion dollar deal.
Subpoena her then. Why does she get a free pass?
