On May 22, 1856, Rep Preston Brooks attacked Sen Charles Sumner with a metal-tipped cane, leaving Sumner injured http://blog.constitutioncenter.org/2016/05/this-day-in-1856-a-near-murder-on-the-u-s-senate-floor/ …
@JesseRodriguez Riiiight, cos this is even marginally comparable to keeping @SenWarren from speaking 
Are you good ol' boys proud of yourselves? Thank you @elizabethforma!  Keep fighting!
If you think we will forget #BETSYDEVOS you are wrong. #DOWNWITHGOP in #2018 We will never forget.
Please vote NO on Sessions' confirmation.
This position is just to important & we need someone without a dubious past. Please
"Mr. Sessions has used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens"
more BS lies from the dems.
what a wonderful way to speak of a civil rights icon
you need to check history on the KKK. Robert  Byrd, governor Wallace. All dems!!! Rep supported CR not dems
why am I looking at history? David Duke is a republican. KKK supported Trump. You called MLK Jr.'s widow a liar.
so she never told a lie? Can't believe that. Only 1 man has been perfect!! Jesus
not the republiCON senators...
Are you sure this is a great example to bring up?
its true sir.Amazay kpk pakistan
not only do you owe Warren an apology but you owe us an apology for Devon
you are a #fraud and #non-American with no #patriotism
drama queen.
fair point lol
Constituent, by the way. I wasn't born in Texas, but I got here as fast as I could, when I was four.
at least it is words only.
I think we all know how blatant the hypocrisy, sexism and yes- racism, you all perpetuated last night
wow Senator Cornyn- does your staff check your VM & faxes? It seems pretty clear to me that you are NOT representing Texans SAD
Saying that reading a letter is like a southern Senator assaulting someone for accusing him of white supremacism is... ironic.
And now we have a rule that Senate Republicans can use to shut down discourse and dissent.  Party or country, Senator?
so you think that Sen Sessions got his feelings hurt by what @SenWarren read yesterday?  How is he going to be AG??
We are asking every one to vote John out he is a fool -This man is old and crazy- It time to let the crazy man go home-

- why were male senators not hit with same rule today? Your voicemails are full. Again. Always. #rememberdevos2020
The assault was when an abolitionist said slaveowners raped their slaves and the slaveowner chose to silence the abolitionist.
In the analogy, McConnell is the slaveowning thug and Warren is the abolitionist. You're writing our talking points for us.
what have you contributed to that, and not around margins?
senators should required to be armed with automatic weapons.
Cute little joke. Now back to regularly-scheduled sexism and racism, eh?
free speech is important--you should stand up for it, not suppress it
unfortunately for some of us
Houston needs funding for healthcare.
You are reprehensible.
We should all feel chastened about your close ties to convicted felon @jackabramoff @realDonaldTrump @elizabethforma @SenWarren
I think you mean misogynistic and insidious. Though that may count as "better" to you.
When will you be apologizing to Sen. Warren?
@SenTedCruz.  @SenatorSessions is  worthy of your support for Secretary of Justice. I am a proud constituent. #Trumpon
subversive action by dems. Approve all Cabinet positions now. Get on with Government.#Supporter.
Senator Warren and principled American women will persist. While you fade into banal mediocrity.
tell your 20-nothing staffers to take some civil war history classes instead of posting condescending tweets like this.
Answer your phone Coward
No thanks to Republicans
Have you not realized that things will only get worse with a psychotic as leader of free world? No joke Senator.
I had no idea you'd show your real misogyny so blatantly. Women are not going to stay quiet! Get used to it. #TheResistance
Then again, if they duke it out just one will win and respect restored.  @JesseRodriguez
thank you for not physically attacking Warren, only using your vote to silence her reading Corey's King's letter #ShePersisted
Hey John, which of these account for Betsy DeVos campaign contributions?
, are you saying you are afraid Senator Warren would attack you?  Absurd!
no thanks to you and your fascist support for DeVos.  Shame on all of you for making TX schools even worse. at 43rd now. FRAUD!
is that ted cruz on the floor?
glad you're equating this to reading a letter by Coretta Scott King. It's totally the same thing.
#fraud
.@JohnCornyn  Betsy Devos made campaign contributions and then confirmed despite being grotesquely #unqualified.  Not that much better.
Is this supposed to be funny?  You're the joke.
I'd give anything to see someone in congress go after Cruz with a cane.
Your obvious misogynist double standard is showing  GOP LOVES VOTER SUPPRESSION!! OH YEAH YOU CAN'T WAIT!!!
If I were you, I would prefer the cane to the mess you got yourself into. Ask around, I'm sure someone is happy to oblige
How long before you become the new Henry Cabot Lodge? https://youtu.be/VLtR8vHrS3I 
The caning was another attempt to silence a Massachusetts senator on civil rights and race
However, Democrats "fight" with snide comments, lies, innuendo, half truths, distortions, misrepresentations..Rule 19 is good.
Oh yeah things are great when we see sex discrimination in the senate live-streamed.  Bastardization of Rule 19.  #letlizspeak
@Bencjacobs So everything is fine when two weeks in we have to be reminded that at least blood hasn't spilled yet in congress?!?
We need to be reminded of @JohnCornyn's intimate ties to felon ex-lobbyist @JackAbramoff https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Abramoff_Indian_lobbying_scandal …
Are you trying to justify silencing @SenWarren by saying "at least she wasn't hit with a metal cane?" You set a low bar indeed.
You did a very bad thing to @SenWarren. Clear misuse of intent of rule and we see it very clearly.
I can't wait to organize against you in 2020! @indivisibleATX #indivisible
#letlizspeak
Are you suggesting that we should grateful THIS didn't happen to @elizabethforma ? Because that is some messed up reasoning.
what is your sorry point to post somethin like this. stop causing more problems you sad old man
And which planet are you occupying? Answer to problems is education. You voted for #devos . Does that make sense?
If you didn't have such repugnant actions to defend you wouldn't have to worry about the responses of your constituents.
Nope, not if you still have a job there. You ignore your constituents and use your public service for your own benefit & agenda.
#supportstyranny
@POTUS threatened a Texas senator. It could even be YOU! The man is a total lunatic.
John, how is this relevant comparison? Stop deflecting - start being accountable for YOUR actions and the wishes of constituents
It's what he does-deflect. It's what he does about his intimate ties to convicted felon exlobbyist @jackabramoff
Why am I not surprised that John is bought and paid for by dark money? John, you should be ashamed
he's a dirty, dirty bird
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Abramoff_Indian_lobbying_scandal …
tell Dem to shut up and be quiet and not listening to your constituents. Only voting on YOUR interest #votehimout2020
You and yours seem just as determined to silence dissent - either by twisting rules or ignoring constituents. Shame on you.
Yes, unfortunately though, some Senators and Congressmen are more corrupt now than ever would have been considered back then.
are you serious rep have done nothing but blocked congress with Obama. And now voting in I qualified Sen and breaking rules and
did @SenWarren 's remarks physically hurt you snowflake?
yes, now we've allowed women into Congress! Then we can just silence them selectively by rule, not violence
