more silliness.
Let's go nuclear! Nuclear infrastructure bill is desperate needed. We need to lead the  in nuclear energy. We lost leadership!
One point of view. I'm sure you will be sharing opposing views. If Trump did believe Bjorn the WH would have proposed an alternative plan..
..to bring all nations in line with the issues identified by Bjorn. Instead, Trump ran over allies like a raged monkey in a golf cart..
..So the fault lies w/ Senate leadership, your Republican constituents in the House, for setting up the President to fail on a global scale.
..The ball is now in your court Sir, to be a leader, which I'm highly skeptical you will do anything.
The question for its to answer is what replaces fossil fuels, because it's not solar, wind, hydro, or geothermal.
Why?
With POTUS in charge, every step is BACKWARDS! The World will progress while the USA wallows in its ignorance.
I'd love to hear more about your position on Paris & where it comes from. Please hold an Austin town hall so we can swap ideas.
r u saying you agree something needs to be immediately done about climate change? Will GOP budget include it?
"Earth not warmed n nrly 20 years; 2015 was 3rd warmest on record; not even close to hottest on record," says J. Taylor, Heartland Inst."
When a Senator accepts close to 4 Millions dollars from Big Oil Exxon alone it's not difficult to see their path forward.
Except Exxon supports the Paris Accord.
Again, please sit down and stop...
Yes Cornyn, sit down and stop. Just like May said to do.
breathlessly awaiting your plan to accomplish . . . "the research needed to make green energy too cheap for the entire world to resist."
"$100B is too much to spend on global warming. Let's just spend 0.2% of global GDP..." Fool, that's $200B per year.
Fool, the cost in the Paris Accord calls for a total of $11 billion. Stop listening to alternative facts and read the actual agreement.
Not sure who you're responding to here, but there's probably a wire crossed.
Lol, misread your post. Hehe, I'm attacking the good guys, now. Look what Trump's doing to me! Stop the madness! #TheResistance
You are right. Treaties don't aid the environment. Giving countries money with no accountability is stupid. I agree with President Trump.
We are left with Senators sucking up to oil & gas, who even supported Paris...water, air quality important than swindling oil supplies.
Trump supported the Paris Accord, @. He and other businesses paid for a full page ad in the @nytimes urging Obama to sign.
Are you done mocking all the brilliant TX scientists yet?
Who? Are you talking about Cornyn?
It's about more than #climatechange. America is tired of Republicans acting as though achieve is wrong. Can you believe this guy?
Achieve should be science, lol
Yes, agreed. Investing in technology is the path forward.
This article does propose a path forward which you and Rs have blocked at every turn. Put you $ where your mouth is and fund R&D.
Man made climate change is a hoax.  I support the president
You're getting more and more pathetic in your attempts to deflect. Just admit it: you're a paid climate change denier. Period.
Wow, Cornyn. Just wow.
So you'll listen to a non-scientist from Denmark? Which scientists from Texas's Research I universities have you talked to about climate?
The same number as the number of doctors in the Texas Medical Center he's talked to about repealing the ACA.

I'm so glad we have you to explain why all the scientists are wrong. #eyeroll #USAb4party #justoncebnonpartisan #howmuchoil$doyouget?
this us no plan at all. But it does appear to accept the science of climate change.
Can't wait to send you to the retirement home in 2020
Let's put Mr. Lomborg through the desmogger shall we.
The article talks about green energy, Johnny, not coal or more fossil fuels. Where is that in any of Trump's plans or your bombastic rants?
Embarrassing to have you representing Texas in the Senate
The US joined 2 other counties to not sign the Accord. The Accord is alive and well being led by a country other than the US.
The on-going green R&D would have employed lots more that 50k coal miners, put US in the lead for manufacturing & exports, instead...
Did you even read this?  Paris was the global community saying we must do more to cut emissions, with the US at the top of green R&D..
There is no after, the Paris accord is still happening.
- So when can we expect to see legislation from you to increase R&D into clean renewable energy?
Anyone who supports the dangerous, treasonous administration of D Trump deserves to be voted out of office at the earliest opportunity.
Great, .@JohnCornyn, so will u now stop taking <3 mil from petro interests? And invest 100% in R&D for green energy, as per this piece?
Bless your heart. A smart person in your position would be leading the effort to improve green energy growth.
The point of a treaty isn't just CO2 targets, it ensures no "free rider" countries insource high polluting industry as others decarbonize
Did the big oil companies tell you to post this? We know they own u. Your their boy, just like ted Cruz. 2 chumps for hire to highest bidder
Nuclear is not just the best solution to meet global energy demand in the near term, it is the only solution.
The answer is a power source 1000000x more powerful than a chemical reaction. We need large scale nuclear if we want any kind of future.
We must not wait for green energy to have a technological revolution, if we want to save the planet, we must stop using fossil fuels, period
Continue to placate your donors over constituents and continue to put party over country ... not the profile of an American patriot John.
 I look forward to hearing your proposals for a renewed #greenenergy initiative.
You are an embarrassment to Texas and the USA. You are nothing more than a complicit partisan hack devoid of humanity and common sense #GTFO
We r not going 2 4get ur neglect of responsibility. We need someone who will lead us in2 the future, not hold us back w/Trump.
Do you actually understand anything in the op-ed?
Right off the cliff.
I don't think you read the article to the end.  Trillions of dollars invested in green energy R&D is needed-don't see @GOP doing that.
it's not a path forward. And it is ridiculous you think a blog somehow can replace science. Read actual facts.

Trump falsely says nonbinding Paris accord hurt US sovereignty while rewarding Putin for DOING JUST THAT -- in return for $$$ for 1st Family
Well okay then. Does this mean you agree that a problem does exist, rather than that climate change is a hoax?
Hahahahahahahhhhaaaahahahahahaha. 
John, take a look at the wind energy tech program at Texas State Technical College in Sweetwater!Training for great jobs in TX!
Texans- how is it that this ignoramus was voted in by a state that has embraced renewable energy?
The Danish Committee on Scientific Dishonesty once declared Lomborg guilty of exactly that, Scientifically Dishonest. #darwinawards
$1134.506 in kick backs from big oil and gas is why you are against Paris accord
A Canadian op-ed from this #altright looney?? Really John?? Did Canadian @tedcruz share this w/ you? Get outta here with that !
Texas Tech has a pretty amazing Wind Energy program. Did you bother to talk to them at all about your views on climate change and energy?
Rick Perry positioned our state as a leader with the wind farms in west Texas why you are promoting a blog as science #ParisClimateDeal
Horrible as it is to say, Rick Perry had some good ideas
The 'treaty approach' just started, and you and Poe and Trump want to sabotage it the same way you did ACA, then blame the PA for it.
TX needs leaders who understand the economic, geopolitical, and humanitarian effects of their decisions.
There's no sense in trying to explain anything to Cornyn.  old dogs, new tricks and all that.  He's not going to learn or listen.
Best thing to do is vote when his seat is up in 2020, and elect a counter balance to replace Cruz in 2018.  D or R - doesn't matter
Things move fast these days. TX needs to move with it and adapt, hard to do that with leaders adverse to learning and to change.
TX leadership should be a place for ideas & innovation instead of partisanship and flimsy op-eds.
We have everything we need to lead America's charge into the future, except elects who know how to use our resources to do it.
Best path forward is at ballot box. Hopefully country over party will prevail & you & Cruz are replaced.
Senator, you have truly lost all credibility. #NoPlanetB You're #OutIn20 #TurnTXBlue #WantMyStateBack #BlueWave
To give oil companies back the money they give to you. #76177 #repealandreplaceCongress #sadrepresentation #joke #fakecongress #russia
Partisan much? Why do you cont to defend this admin & its absurd policies? We Were a World Leader, but y'all just gave that up. You proud?
If you believe this stand on the floor of the senate and say clearly: climate change is real! Humans contribute to climate change. 1/
We must invest to combat climate change. We must accept the science. I'll be waiting for that speech.
You do realize that Tx produces almost 15% of its power from wind, more than any other US state? You should be cheering this.
... and you and your fellow Rs would never support a global renewable R&D fund. Oil and gas donated ~3 mill to your 2014 reelection.
You mean author of "Skeptical Environmentalist" world's biggest critic of the dominant scientific view of climate change. Science is real.
Paris agreement was a bad deal for US.Other countries like China didn't have to do for 30 years.Trump wants to negoticate & save US billions
20 trillion debt, US can't keep giving countries billions! Trump tried to negotiate bad Paris deal. Trump is putting American people first
Paris is not a legal agreement. He never got approval from congress before committing billions to other countries. Paris agreement bad deal.
