You Republicans are like a litter of puppies following your master around excited by numbers that have been great for 6 years.
Yes, thankfully there is glide time in the economy from Obama before the Trumpsterfire you are intent on starting begins
thanks to President Obama
- @BarackObama did well, didn't he?
Thank you Obama! The numbers belong fiscally to past not current.
So, it dropped from 42% to 4.7%? Wow. Historic.
Wow! Thanks Obama!
Gains based on 2015-2016 budget.  Not Trump.
@SenTedCruz @RepKenMarchant   So Trump hasn't had a chance to mess this up yet. It's only real if I say so. #gop #ThanksObama
that's great, continuing on success of policies enacted by predecessor. His work hasn't  trickled down yet.
#thanksobama !!!
Thanks Obama!
thanks Obama!
Thank you, Obama!
Thanks Obama!
and I thank the man responsible Barack Obama. Because none of Trump's plans have gone into effect
Wow down from 45% in a few months, what a miracle!
thank u president Obama!
thanks to Obama!
TOWN HALL MEETING IN APRIL. Keep your eye on the billboard on IH 35 between Waco and Hillsboro
nice trend obama started huh john?  Oh wait, I forgot.  HE WHO MUST NOT BE NAMED started.  Better?
Yeah, yeah - Thank you Obama. Next town hall Senator?
Glad to see @BarackObama's long record of job growth continuing. 45 hasn't quite crashed the economy yet.
Dismantling the EPA and emission restrictions is good news for pulmonologists!
But wait, I thought Trumps claims those stats are phony.
according to your previous tweets this is an unacceptably low jobs report
thanks to prior policies of the Obama administration. Thanks
Thanks Obama 
Thanks Obama!!!!
more proof you guys have inherited an economy in great shape. don't break it!
Thank you very much #Obama Administration. Great job!
Are this real statistics or are they phony as #POTUS stated last week of #Obama Administration were? Are they good now?
Funny how the jobs numbers coming through now are happily broadcast by Republicans when they have been ignored for 8 years???
thanks Obama!
Thanks Obama!
Lies, damned lies and statistics -Benjamin Disraeli
How many science jobs will be gone over the next few months?
.@JohnCornyn I appreciate that you're giving President Obama the respect he's due for salvaging the economy.
hypocrite! Your support of Trump gives you as much credibility as Sean Spicer, Kellyanne Conway and Jeff Sessions.
, so the unemployment rate is a REAL number now that the President is a Republican?
@maddow 
Been looking better and better for years. You just now noticing?
Thanks, Obama!
when Obama had great rates theGOP screamed false numbers
Draft a resolution of gratitude to President Obama for leaving the country a hellova better than he found it.
I should be able to buy whatever insurance I feel  I need. Don't need congressional wisdom to run my life.
the vast majority of us don't want Washington involved in free market issues. You guys tend to screw things up
senator, as a Texas citizen who voted for you, please get govmt out of the health insurance business
And if you think @potus had anything to do w/ that, you need your head examined. But #TrumpDontCare won't cover
Great! Trump deserves no credit for it.
thank goodness all the work of the Obama administration is still coming to fruition before @realDonaldTrump butchers everything
how many jobs will we lose when trump cuts funding for arts and humanities?
Wow, I'm glad to see you supporting @POTUS44. So refreshing to see a republican acknowledging the truth.
Thanks, Obama!
#ThanksObama #TownHall Meanwhile @GOP out to bankrupt 50-65 years olds with health care plan.
Thanks Obama!
does this include the federal hiring freeze that is preventing job creation.
as @POTUS said many times, the jobs numbers are fake, just fake.
These are still Obama's numbers. So #ThanksObama.  Try not to screw this up too bad @realDonaldTrump
Thanks @barackobama! :)
need to get run rate of 450K + to get economy healthy again.
:Is that why you and 30 other senators want more foreign workers? Why do you hate the American worker?
Thanks Obama! Remember what Bush left us in 2009?
so glad you're spreading the word that DT did not inherit a mess. I like this bipartisanship.
benefits from a sane world still trickling in before you and your crones destroy our country
thanks, Obama!
Implying what?
Thanks Obama! You the man!
AND it's all due to President Trump!  Americans are happy happy happy!  #MAGA
how many pay a livable wage?
Thanks, Obama
76th straight month of job creation  4 months in 2016 with higher levels.  Trump had nothing to do with it.  U think we're dumb!
Are the job numbers real now? They aren't fake anymore? Good to know.
what is the GOP GOING TO DO ABOUT JOBS LOSS IF THE HEALTH CARE PLAN PASSES
Actually, I heard at a Trump rally that unemployment on November 7, 2016, was 40-50%. And today 4.7? Isn't that remarka--bull!
I've lost track is that 85 consecutive months of job growth now?
release trumps taxes to an independent investigation of Russia's influence on this administration
This would be a great topic to discuss at a town hall.
Thanks President Obama!
Funny how Obama supporters take credit now but blamed 1st 8 years on Bush...LOL Cornyn was part of problems also
Amazed at your pride as you make plans to reduce public education with vouchers. Future workforce will suffer.
Is #GOP taking credit after 60 days? So #GOP owns economy from this point forward... Agreed?
Thank you, Obama! You are missed!!
funny how Republicans think we're headed in the right direction now...give credit where credit is due...OBAMA!
Thanks, Obama.
Thanks to Obama!  The current fiscal year is 2017, which began on 1 October 2016 and which will end on 30 September 2017.
Thanks, Obama!!
#Obama
Yes, and let me take responsibility for that before alternate facts folks stake their claim.
What of investigation of foreign agent hired by and then working for 45?
44 fired him for a good reason.
#thanksobama
You forgot the "Thanks Obama" at the end
Keep up the good work GOP
.@realDonaldTrump & .@SenTedCruz don't seem to understand & lie to Americans; could you inform them @JohnCornyn? https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/11/upshot/the-real-jobless-rate-is-42-percent-donald-trump-has-a-point-sort-of.html?_r=0 …
.@JohnCornyn Thanks Obama!!
#thanksObama #resist
Anndd...you can kiss this kind of growth goodbye Senator Ebenezer.
thank you President Obama
Awesome!  Obama's final fiscal budget year ends in October, but you already knew that.
Trump said these numbers are lies .But now they are the truth
Thanks to the past administration.
Hmmmm...
Kevin Brady on the February 2016 job report v. Kevin Brady on February 2017 job report. What could have changed? 
Must've gone through The Office of the Censor #1984
So now you believe the unemployment report, but not during multiple sustained decrease during Obama administration?
Thanks to Obama!
wait, I thought we weren't supposed to believe the unemployment numbers? Or is that only when D is in the Oval?
town hall this April?
Thanks to President Obama.
Life is good if you're not uninsured poor, old, or sick. And if you ignore the fascism.
We will have to work 10 jobs to pay for the age tax you put on us 8000.00 a month a person for healthcare Die fast make jobs
I guess you never posted this when Obama was POTUS? Or are these numbers made up? You're not even trying
thanks Obama
But as people (Republicans) have been saying -- that number is misleading, as a lot of people are underemployed or gave up.
does this include the federal hiring freeze that is preventing job creation in #highered #military and #science?
Economy is improving, just like it has been for the last couple of years! You don't get credit for this.
Less jobs than either February 2016 or February 2015.
#FullRepeal
Yeah, good job to the guy who was president the last 8 years (Obama). Try not to break anything, guy who has been president for 6 weeks.
current atmospheric CO2 level: 406.42ppm - what are your thoughts on that?
We are not allowed to talk about that .
EPA being destroyed, families being torn apart, the stock market only helping wealthy, millions to lose health care.
Obama's economic legacy continues performing.
