@RandPaul seems to think (and I agree with him) that Republicans can do better. Where is your CBO score? https://twitter.com/johncornyn/status/910302247589998592 …
Only vote that matters--the sick. Are they more/less likely to vote for u b/c they, their family have better healthcare? #GrahamCassidyNO
If it's a good bill, why aren't you waiting on CBO score? Why the speed and secrecy? Can it be that it isn't such a good idea after all?
Every Tweet proves you work for the Kochs and not the people of Texas. #partisanhack
Wait for the full CBO score - this rushed bill is a disgrace.
show me the tally in the calls, letters and faxes to your office. What do your constituents think? Not that u care.
Shows how disconnected you are from Texans. Guess what? Most people don't live in ivory towers in D.C. They live in the *real* world.
@RyanRMiner @RandPaul  So your position, @JohnCornyn, is that passing a bill is the goal, not actually fixing healthcare?
Thank you for reasoning a little before acting.
Senator...you Republicans HAVE the majority!!!  Get repeal DONE or we WILL vote you career politicians OUT!!
Show us the CBO first.
They don't want you to see the CBO  score or the bill
I'm a constituent- vote NO. This is not good enough. Pre-existing conditions MUST remain covered at a minimum. This is about REAL people!
The last thing they care about is real people. We appear to them as specks of dust to br flicked of their labels.
Yep- care more about repealing anything Obama did- and trying to push to states- which we know won't work out for the people in the end.
Show us some moral leadership.  Some concern for your constituents who will be gutted by this.  Compassion, maybe?
Cornyn is more interested in pleasing his donors 
Don't I know it  Greedy and cruel. That's how he'll be remembered. Or maybe he just won't be remembered at all.
SHAME ON YOU.  YOU ARE NOT REPRESENTING TEXANS.  YOU ARE LYING WHEN YOU SAY THIS IS A GOOD BILL.  YOU ARE A COWARD FOR NOT HOLDING TOWNHALLS

.@GOP aide:

"You could do a post office renaming & call it 'repeal-replace' & 48 Rs would vote for it sight unseen"
…
Senate @GOP & @JohnCornyn wrote a bill to kick 3,520,000 of our Texas neighbors off of health insurance.
   
  Call NOW! (956) 423-0162
Why don't you try holding a town hall for once? Listen to constituents who you want to kill with this bill?
Texas citizen here. Put me down for a hard NO on #GrahamCassidy bill. Of course, I doubt you care how many Texans speak out against it.
That wasn't the question.
#MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll
Seems to be your response to everything
Don't you mean "Show me the money" instead?
If you and your GOP buddies pass this you guys are REALLY going to see the votes in 2018, as your constituent I’m telling you vote NO
Vote yes
Show me full CBO score, real committee hearings, markups, debates, admendments, floor debate, etc. You know, regular order. #SaveOurCare
The simple TRUTH IS IF YOU WERE SO CONFIDENT THIS IS A GOOD BILL YOU WOULD WAIT FOR A CBO SCORE & HEAR WHAT YOUR CONSTITUENTS THINK!
How about Americans showing you being voted out of office for doing this? 

Truly amazing how deaf, dumb & blind GOP is RAMMING THIS THROUGH
This is a bad bill and you know it John. Two steps. Two bills. Repeal then replace. Healthcare Czar is still in the bill.
My senator sounds like a 3rd grader and his president sounds like a 2nd grader...this is why I can't sleep at night. #ImpeachTrump
I've noticed this funny phenomenon: if you come up with a genuinely good bill, both parties will vote for it.
Largest city in Texas is like a 3rd world country and you want to slash healthcare. That's Christian?
You are just doing something really stupid because of the deadline.
If money goes to states, I know my Texas, they will cut out women's healthcare and who knows what else. Don't trust.
I wanted to leave you a voicemail asking you to vote NO on Graham/Cassidy, but your mailbox is full. What a surprise.
I'll show you some numbers
Under this bill, pregnancy will cost you an extra 17K. Metastatic cancer 172K. Autism 5K. Asthma 4K. This isn't a healthcare bill.
That's not an excuse. Work harder.
Show me the CBO score. Show me some compassion. Show me u care more about constituents than about Koch money. Our kids' lives are at stake.
So you're implying that you're not doing a CBO score because votes would evaporate after it?
Here's a vote you should be interested in. When U are up for reelection I will vote against you and convince 100 others to vote against u.
Please vote no. I am your constituent. This is a bad idea.
That's your response to a vital concern? You're unfit for office
Your constituents want EVERYONE to be able to get the healthcare we need. This bill doesn't do that. Vote no.
None of this is the job of Fed Govt. Repeal, Repeal, Repeal. It's what we were promised.
Show us the CBO scores b4 you vote. Show us you can work with Dems, show us an opinion other than that of your Orange Fuhrer. #Resign
Show me the CBO score. You know, when you show up for town halls.
As a conservative, wouldn't the conservative approach be to have the CBO score the bill so we can understand cost and amount of ppl impacted
Very impressive argument John
Really, you can be flippant about killing people? You are a senator sir. Act like one and vote no. 77% of Texans oppose this plan.
Show us the CBO score!
Show me some humanity and perhaps some critical thinking.
There is a bipartisan bill by Senators Lamar Alexander (R) and Patty Murray (D) but the Koch bros are making you support this sham. Sad.
You will not see votes for you in the next election.  This is horrible.  Would you want your family to have this coverage????
Show me a CBO score!
Maybe stop putting out terrible bills that nobody wants?
So the CBO score doesn't matter?
Show me the proof that anything is going to change for the better.
How about some hearings so we can understand what the impacts of the bill are?
No. This bill sucks. Why do you keep making crappy decisions?
Show me the CBO score. And then show mw your NO vote. You are a shameful human being.
This "bill" is an outrage and an insult to the American people.  Vote NO on this disgusting travesty. and show some Texas pride
Where is you CBO score?
Show us the score...
You'd change 1/6th of the economy without knowing the cost or impact? Knowing millions couldn't afford health care? THAT's conservative?
We need to stop calling the R party "conservative". They are cons, nothing more.

Stunning

Katy Tur: there are no protections for essential health care benefits in Graham-Cassidy…
@RyanRMiner @RandPaul whip the votes.
Listen to your constituents and not your phoney bologny cronies! We want you to vote no!
You have had years to be ready for this moment.  You still seem to be the party of "no", as in no thoughtful, cohesive proposals.
You won't see any votes from us at re-election time. Remember that
Show me the hearings. Show me the CBO score. Show me some bipartisan negotiating. Show me SOME sign that you care about struggling people.
Really, sir, all you mean is, "SHOW ME THE MONEY to line my pockets, and my rich buddies' pockets, even more."
Why not do what's right instead of whats expedient. U may find doing right 4 millions who desperately need healthcare ins may bear fruit

This is so morally repugnant it's worth a thread. https://twitter.com/MEPFuller/status/910242608370331648 …
Vote no
The new #GrahamCassidyBill will give Seniors 50+ all kinds of choices, such as "open-casket", "closed-casket" or "cremation."  VOTE NO!
Lifetime caps, annual caps, charging older people more - the greatest hits of Trumpcare - all back again in #GrahamCassidy.  VOTE NO!
I can take a crap in a box and call it healthcare, I've got spare time. Doesn't mean I should do it.
Show us the score! ACA was thoroughly reviewed/discussed. You just want a "win" for your base which will HURT other people. Disgraceful!
Show me and other Texans some actual thought and leadership. A CBO score, a full debate, and a town hall would also be nice.
Trump was right, you people are all part of the swamp. 7 years and this is what you have to cram through.
Fixing healthcare takes putting us, we the people, before your party! Strengthen the #ACA!!!
How bout bipartisan?
Show me- bipartisanship, a return to regular order, and protection for pre-e conditions. I'll wait... #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA
How abt the government getting out of insurance business & maybe regulating cost of services. had same blood test run costing $50 to $368.
Show me common sense, common decency, and compassion. #TexasSenatorLastTerm
You want to see votes?  I will personally make sure there are more votes AGAINST YOU, than for you in your reelection. How's that for votes?
What kind of human votes yes for this sorry piece of legislation? Why the rush John?    How's your health plan treating you?  #YourDone
YOU WOULD HAVE HAD THE VOTES. And support. 

But pooch: screwed. Why? Because arrogance?
Why are you trying to take people's healthcare??
And the bitch?
Dems were willing to give on copper plans and waiver authority for bipartisan ACA fixes, Schumer spox says. 
Didn't your party say you would not pass any legislation without CBO score? Lie much? You can't be trusted.
Since you're my actual senator I'm asking for you to stop any radical changes to healthcare until after the 2018 elections, vote no
Show me your resignation letter
I'm going to show you a bloody lawsuit.

1. "Federalism" is not a healthcare policy. It's an excuse not to have a healthcare policy.
Cornyn is only interested in pleasing his donors. Sad.
Too bad he doesn't realize that he HAD the votes to get something passed and he frittered it away.
Your political acumen is so retched and awful it's amazing you're in office.
Just get SOMETHING DONE for a change. 80% of something is better than 0%.
Trump care is a turd sandwhich... if that is what they want to get done.... 0% is better than 80%.
Rand Paul also is exempt from Obamacare so he can afford to hold out for the perfect deal. Many of us can't.
And great job whip!
Good thing you don't need 60
It wasn't humiliating enough the last time you guys tried to sneak through massive legislation and failed when a Republican voted no?
How are you so willfully ignorant. https://twitter.com/amermedicalassn/status/910168746001563648 …
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
To #Congress: Graham-Cassidy would result in millions losing coverage, destabilize insurance markets, decrease access to affordable care. 
Senator why do you support this bill? What about it makes it something Texans should support
It gives Trump a win.... it doesn't matter that it will result in Dead Americans... Trump "winning" is the only thing Cornyn cares about.
Show me the cbo score!!!
Show us you're not totally ignorant. #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
Show me a senator that isn't really bad at his job.

Does this mean you...don't have the votes to do better?

What does THAT say about your efforts?
Resign and stop hurting Texans. 
https://twitter.com/votevets/status/909862229109075969 …
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Our @will_c_fischer says #GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans. 
