@SenateGOP may want to yalk to your constituents about this. I know some @SenateDems will talk to them for you. They want to #SaveACA.
Please make healthcare cheaper.  This has always been the problem.  Obamacare did the opposite.  Thank you.
Create a government program for pre existing than let the free market control health insurance! Government out! Totally!
How about you try single payer instead of using a strictly insurance based system that 'dudn't' work. There's plenty of evidence that works.
The Rep's will NEVER approve that çause they ALL have a stake in the INS companies either by having % of stocks or campaign contributions!
TRY THAT APPROACH WITH TAXES!!!!
Then go to single payer. Medicare is quite successful. Expand it.
Government-mandated? You mean the government of the people, by the people, and for the people? Yes, we mandated it so it would work.
Oh this is rich
Only in tax cuts does top down aka trickle down economics aka voodoo economics aka lining our pockets with donor money
It's not in a death spiral & it's unconscionable that you are making our healthcare fail to prove a partisan point
Fix ACA's shortcomings. Don't repeal. Your plan is garbage and leaves more people uninsured.
& whatever you do, don't mention the Russians
AHCA is a bigger death spiral
Yes, turn it over to your corporate masters. Make sickness, disability, and death profitable again! That's the @GOP in a #deathspiral
It's time to stop pretending the AHCA is anything more than a massive tax cut for the rich.  The ACA works if states expand Medicare.
Why don't you come to my part of the state and I'll tell you what I think about that.
No, it's time to do away with YOU.
approach works in MA. republican heritage foundationidea! Then do single payer! For profit healthcare doesn't work!
As your constituent John, we will be doing away with you instead.
You're selling "rotten fruit"! Tell the truth!
#2018 @SenTedCruz  is gone... #2020 @JohnCornyn you're next! You would rather make $ for ins. companies than have healthy constituents.
so your plan is to make it so that sick and elderly people cannot afford insurance? 64 yr old, 24$K /yr will get 800% increase! #CBOSCORE
Out of health care. We don't belong in it.
TIme to get rid of YOU- Obstuctionist and general all round creep Keep defending Flynn #Hypocrisy #CountryOverParty #GOPComplicit
because R's have been threatening repeal, poking holes in it, and not properly funding it. TrumpCare is horrible
Insurance is a privilege not a right. Govt should pay for insurance as we do. No more raises. No more retirement. Open an IRA.
It's time to do away with this government-lackey, tone deaf Senator that doesn't work.
U mean the 1 that gives the RICH enormous tax breaks reducing their TAX 2 ZERO! That can't happen, the RICH must PAY MORE than every1 else!
A truly free market system is the only one that will actually work!
Stop lying !!!! Fund, fix, and expand #ACA!
Mandates protect the little guy from the rich and powerful. You want to take mandates because you want to dominate #impeachGOP
@JohnCornyn, the proof will be if the @SenateGOP plan is NOT a tax cut for the rich masquerading as a health bill
ACA is providing healthcare to citizens who wouldn't have it otherwise, while GOP is busy criticising the best option available
Enact Medicare for all, single payer. Put this to bed once and for all.
How about a system that has transparent price discovery so we don't get "jacked" by insurance co 1/
Insurance works better when EVERYONE is in: healthy/unhealthy  young/old. We need our workforce healthy to make USA competitive w/world.
#usab4party & until I see that from the GOP & Sen Cornyn I see no reason to respect anything you propose or support.
It seems to be working great as far as I'm concerned
Agree, do away with the trickle down tax reform plan! @SenateMajLdr @marcorubio @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
How about listening to constituents rather than donors before you take positions that may devastate them?
Oh, so "top down" doesn't work? So, why does your party ALWAYS want to funnel money up to the rich so it will "trickle down"? #neverworks
And your explanation for advocating for tax breaks for the richest would be?
Just put the insurers in charge. What could go wrong?
YOu better join the real world. TOp down would be your insurance the rest of us it will be death
You mean where the Wealthy tell you what to do?
Since you've had 8 years to improve Obama Care, but have done nothing but complain, now in 6 weeks you suddenly have the answers?  No.
It's time to do away with @JohnCornyn who doesn't work but finds any way he can to screw TX and other Americans. Kick his ass to the curb.
Since whatever trump does is gonna be bitched about just repeal and no government in healthcare cross state lines for a free market!
Yet you buy top down economic growth...convenient
It's time to do away with the GOP SABOTOGING healthcare! Actually, time to do away with the GOP, and they seem to be doing that themselves.
#Bootlicker
When are you holding a town hall so we can talk about it? It doesn't seem like you know what your constituents want.
He doesn't care. It's all about politics. @JohnCornyn is totally corrupt.
U are horrible and history is going to reflect that.
Actions will get you reelected not words.
He's SOL no matter what he does. No re-election for this corrupt slave for the KOCH brothers.
Show us–with CBO-vetted NUMBERS, not hand-waving–a Republican idea that can provably work to reduce uninsured rates and provide better care.
CBO is a joke
You know, you may be right. We should just go single-payer instead, like literally every other economic power in the world.
You do not represent the interests of your constituents. We will vote you out of office #gopKleptocracy #RIPgop

No you're trying to give tax breaks to billionaires while removing Millions from their Healthcare
Plenty of evidence the system would work if adequately supported, but you're entirely too busy ignoring reality to acknowledge that.
we need government mandated consumer protections. it's unregulated industry that doesn't work.
@POTUS and @GOP are the ones in a #DeathSpiral. Your rhetoric will not stop that fact.
It is time to do away with insurance companies. Medicare for all is how we put America first. Placing the American people interest 1st.
Ask Texas Medical Center leaders whether they prefer ACA or AHCA. The largest med center in the world - know what they're talking about.
so stop giving tax breaks to the rich! "It's time to do away with this government-mandated, top-down approach that doesn't work."
shut up @JohnCornyn !!! You're part of the problem!!!
I never see any replies from you (and you and you and you) to citizens via Twitter.  Why not?
No, we want medicare for everyone. "Open-market" Healthcare is inefficient, expensive, inaccessible to poor and middle income families.
You collect 3 penisons checks and every perk you can .You got free healthcare from tax payers But you only care about you and the 1 precent
And Congress made themselves exempt from Ryan's ACHA. Cornyn also collected $148,000 to sell our internet privacy. How do you like him now?
It's past time for @JohnCornyn to step down. He's derelict in his duties to represent his constituents and he's obstructing #TrumpRussia
Sure than start from beginning !
Quit blaming the black man for the mess you created. But I guess that's what racists and bigots always do, isn't it? Blame the victims.
So why wasn't it working 10 yrs ago? Your way is obsolete.
John, before you embarrass Texas in the IC hearing about Russia, could you ask this question for us? /1
What is dangerous to our country or human assets from leaks concerning possible malfeasance by the administration? /2
Then offer something better instead of continuing to blame Obama...blah,blah blah... focus on a solution @JohnCornyn.
He's on Ryan's ACHA committee but obviously still clueless. Still blaming Obama. This a**hole is in a downward spiral himself.
We shouldn't have to point out that your trickle down economics has been a failure every time it's been tried. Only 1% benefit.
It's time to do away with government meddling altogether.  No ACA, No AHCA either!!!  Repeal, don't replace.
so I guess U want to go from bottom to top BY taxes the heck out of middle class @indivisibletxjc @SenTedCruz
Its you republicans do your job. Get behind Pres. Trump we gave you house and senate we can take it away. Everyone of you are on edge
Sir, the ACA works for me, my family, and millions of others.
Let's go back to the non-mandated system that didn't cover pre-existing conditions and had 8-9% price inflation that worked worse.
Seriously, until you are willing to stand up and stop the private market health cost upwards spiral, these comments are just posturing.
What we need to do away with is the small-minded work-for-the-rich-only career politicians like you, Cornyn~!
Vote the GOP out of office.
Traitors
You've had 7+ years to improve ACA. Instead you fight it every step of the way. Get busy fixing it. #SinglePayer
Medicare works. Why doesn't the ACA work? Because you, GOP, didn't support it. And the only reason I can tell is bc Obama was a black man.
Total baloney
You all promised repeal.  Where is it?
Its time to stop with trickle down econ and raise min wage to 15.Term limits because u cant understand net neutrality or not to sell IT info
It's time for you and the Republicans to get off your asses and do your jobs. That being taking care of ALL Americans.
UGH
So fix what's broken instead of trying to replace it with worse.
Then do it!!! Enough chatter. Make it happen.
O.k., if you don't like OCare, let's go to Universal Care. It would be an excellent use of tax $$. A healthy America is a Strong America.
Senator, take a look at barbarian in W.H. who has no clue about democracy: PLEASE
@SenateDems it's time to do away with republicans in the Senate and the House
Thank you John!! Liberals are so stupid - Obamacare is proof!!
Stop your games and get rid of it.
It's time for GOP Congress to put up or get voted OUT! Give up health plan paid by tax $ & sign on to whatever you legislate for citizens!
WE THE PEOPLE don't want TrumpDeathCare
@JohnCornyn I think what you want to say is single payer will reduce costs & cover everyone. If you think about the people decision is easy
Stand with the President and the people who put you where you are Don't be traitors like McCain and Graham or the GOP will cease to exist
If so why is the GOP still supporting Trump?!
Well that's just you are proposing. Instead of Government that is suppose to work for people's interest, handing over to Insurance Companies
blah blah blah...DO SOMETHING, FIX SOMETHNG we know it's broke stupid
You are all going down. @HillaryClinton  is our legit @potus
We first have to get something better.  I don't know if that will happen. Stop playing politics!!!
Your so disingenuous...our healthcare system was broken before ACA, going backward is not the soution.  Support single payer and elim ins co
Fend for yourselves people GOP (mostly) doesn't want us clogging up the election system anyway. #asshats
It's time for SINGLE PAYER UNIVERSAL COVERAGE and get the profit motive (aka the Republicans corporate masters) out of healthcare.
CJohn McCain is so worried abt Turkish Pres and How he treats his people look how he treats. Pres  Trump
the face of corruption! #BADFORAMERICA
If you would have a TH @JohnCornyn you would know that TX & U.S. Know single payer Universal works for all.
when 43 million people are living in poverty, we don’t need more cuts to working families so the Kochs and GS execs on 45 cabinet get richer
#CorruptGOP please stop lying to Americans. Most of us are not that stupid. #AHCA is a barely disguised tax cut for rich. ZERO health care
Weird how @GOP has sabotaged this bill every step of the way. It is almost as if they want people to enter a #DeathSpiral w/o health insur
Maybe explore universal healthcare like all the other "top" countries in the world?
Because a strategy of voluntary regulation always results in humanistic corporate citizenship!
ACA works just fine for everyone I know that is using it. Don't mess with it or GOP will be "party of the past."
You are a liar.
You know what would make health coverage more affordable? Taking the for-profit insurance companies out of the equation.
This guy is the epitome of everything that is wrong with today's GOP. Every time you trot him out, you show how out of touch you have become
How do the Russians do it? #MAGA
Unless the @GOP needs it to; then it works. Big ole' Texas hypocrite.
GPO plan allows states to determine coverage for pre-existing conditions and yet you don't accept that plan yourself
Yes. Let's let people suffer and make the rich richer. That's what Jesus would want right @JohnCornyn you find pleasure in pain?
Correct. Single payer would fix that
Time for you to live by the laws &  programs you pass. SS, MEDICARE, Insider trading laws etc. what gives you the right to exempt yourselves
If you don't mandate comprehensive coverage by the insurance co, obtaining it,& controlling prices then ins co will rip off citizens#zip
It's seriously time to do away with @GOP and their constant lies, #PartyOverCountry strategies and gerrymandering. Nice #SCOTUS ruling eh?
oh Johnny. You don't seem to get that you work for us.  And you are miserable at that.
You mean like trickle down economics that almost destroyed us?  You guys working on that again?
"It's time to do away with this government that doesn't work." – @EveryoneInAmerica #DeathSpiral
Unless you have diabetes... since the majority of you think we caused it ourselves.
#WhiteMenCantGovern
You haven't been working on an alternate model for healthcare while Americans clearly want reasonably mandated coverage! #AHACA
And it is time to get rid of @GOP 2018! #AHCA
Seriously, John, shut up. The only thing the GOP does reliably is break things and lie about it.
@TheDemocrats created and implemented BOcare when they knew it wouldn't work.  Stole Billions from medicare and education to fund it.
Do your homework. You are grossly misinformed.
And what about US healthcare worked BEFORE Obamacare?  What.  Do you think employers care about their temp workers last 30 global years? HA!
No you're not. You're trying to save you and your friends money. GOP always puts party over country.
It would work if u&ur fellow saboteurs would fund it,pr backing& make ppl who don't get insurance pay their fines.
That's my idiot Senator. I can't wait until we get a better one in 2018.
I agree, time to do away with the @GOP that has sold our country out for oil.
It's time to do away with you!
Republicans Cashing In #trumprussia
that will only happen when all the incumbents are voted out in 2018
