What is it that makes you people hate women so much?
Its not hating women its more about umm killing babies that I hate
You're pro life when it comes to aborting foetuses but not when it comes to proper gun control?
Or sending people to countries where they'll could be killed?
also, when PP gets defunded maternity deaths skyrocket. See Texas.
PP says it provides other type of Women's Care, but they don't.
that's complete fucking bullshit! For someone who "exposes
lies", you sure know how to spread them!
You are not standing for life. You are standing for fetus. You are not pro-life.
no it's not.TO be pro life you have to care about people.Children through Seniors.
After they are born, do not feed, clothe or educate them. That is not pro-life.
That's you I am No REPUB.
Thank you for protecting the unborn women. Protect the unborn because the born need to make better choices.
federal money already can't go to abortions
Than he didn't change anything on that did he. But he did stop the largest killer of unborn children from getting federal funds.
no, he didn't change anything there. But he did stop women from accessing
breast exams, pap smears, contraception, HIV treatment
which means he's personally responsible for killing women (and men)
and guess what happens when you reduce access to contraception?
more unwanted pregnancies, more abortions
Snapshot this! When a young female suicides bc she has no way out. Trump/GOP owns this!
Those girls would also suicide when the baby daddy breaks up with her...so you are OK with killing a baby the day before being born?
Why do u have to use a fake profile to speak? Coward.
what about the taxpayers that don't want their money going to trump's travel expenses or the border wall?
or pay for bombing a city
sadly there's a list of things this administration is doing that i don't want to pay for
the list is too long, I'll get a cramp in my hand before finishing it.
i'm already on the verge of arthritis in my thumbs, i don't need to make the inevitable any closer
Can we get a bill signed to stop forcing taxpayers to pay the salary & pensions of those in congress who work against the taxpayers?
Yes thanks for taking away cancer screenings and mammograms! And you ask for prayers for a friend fighting cancer, women need this...

QUITE PROFOUND!!
tax payers money have never been allowed or used to pay for abortions; NEVER!
this bill attacks low income families, PoC communities, and transgender people.
if you care about life so much, the above folks should matter too!
I adopted 3 end of story

Thanks for posting this - it's exactly how I view the issue! Every single person alive has the right to control her/his body.
No one is saying you can't do whatever you want, but the taxpayers shouldn't have to pay for it.
Nonsense. Taxes pay for all sorts of things that contribute to the greater good, even though it might not immediately affect you.
You don't get to micromanage your tax money down to individual office supplies or medical procedures.
1/ Honest question: you seem to be saying that your tax dollars shouldn't pay for preventative care (incl. BC, paps, screenings, etc)
2/ if done @PPact, but those exact same $ fund the exact same procedures at other offices. What exactly is changed by service location?
3/ the $ hasn't been paying for abortion so you're basically just saying you don't like that people can go closer to their house
4/ so I genuinely don't understand why the location matters to people. Please someone explain it to me.
But the government doesn't pay for that, so people saying they don't want their tax dollars paying PP aren't talking about that.
We are standing against abortion. If we support planned parenthood, we are supporting the killings of babies. Good job Steve!!
Amen to that
Oh, hey Steve. Have you spoke at any Klan rallies lately? What about you John?
God will remember that you cut 4 million low income women from their cancer screenings. U will be judged one day too.
Few clinics outside of @PPact is willing to offer reproductive preventative services due to religious objections&minimal service. Reinstate.
They have not used any federal money for abortion for DECADES. That is from a specific private fund. Title X pays for all other repro svcs.
"Women's health care means nothing"
Quality, affordable healthcare. Horrors!
What this bull, @SpeakerRyan saying he not going to fund the Wall? Has he lost his mind? He needs to be replaced as Speaker.
@JohnCornyn @POTUS @RepDianeBlack @SenJoniErnst I'm a Taxpayer & I Support Planned Parenthood,don't support U or 45th
Hyde Amendment prevents federal money from paying for abortion.  You're celebrating blocking PP from providing mammograms,  etc., you ghoul.
Federal funds do not pay for abortions. Planned parenthood provides essential healthcare to low income women. Sad
A women's rights should not be left to right wing religious fanatics !! Backwards we are going republicans did this
Is this so Potus can travel to Florida every weekend and his siblings flights + protection Republicans really are scourge of our nation
Thank you
Attacking basic health care for women does not deserve thanks--try to introduce  yourself to the country's majority--WOMEN
@HouseGOP @POTUS @RepDianeBlack @SenJoniErnst We want a bill to stop paying you #hypocrites  Keep funding Fla trips for POTUS?
Creep
U r disgusting. How do u sleep at night? History will not be kind to u.
what if your daughter, wife or mother lacked access to quality affordable care? #scumbags
yes, because eliminating health care for poor women is such a "Christian" thing to do.
BOO! ANOTHER BLOW TO AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE FOR WOMEN!
Yeah... Cause you know... Screw women's health. Cheap political points are way more important.
Planned Parenthood does not use federal funding for abortions. This is theatre to get votes. You just put poor women's health at risk.
You are a bunch of fakes. You are not true pro life reps. It's all for $$ & votes. Liars
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/SteveScalise/status/852598113906941952 … (Ranked 12th for Apr 13.)
Absolutely
You can be pro-life and not take away others' rights to make their own decisions--contexts change.
GOP - We don't care if your water is clean but we really care if you have a legal abortion.. definitely got priorities right
I don't have kids so I don't want to fund public education,since we're being jackasses about things!
Yes, God forbid our esteemed Senator would defend TEXAS WOMEN'S reproductive HEALTH!
They're not Christian either but they call themselves Catholics. "What would Jesus do?" I ask all you conservatives?
Taxpayers have not paid for abortions since 1980. #HydeAmendment Stand for life and except refugees into our country.
What about the lives that are lost because they can no longer access healthcare? What about those lives Steve?
What a stupid man. Do the Koch Bros back him?
This is terrible non-Democratic rule of law by decree. This is not American this is repression and evil. This is a blow to America.
No thanks. This is an attack on men and women to have access to healthcare:  cancer screenings, wellness exams, and FAMILY PLANNING.  Shame.
Get your politics out of my body! I'm disgusted with men spouting ProLife BS. Toss out your Viagra, get a snip - now THAT's helpful!
#PlannedParenthood is more popular than all 4 of you. #PP renders us health service, YOU just line your own pockets w $$$!
How does defunding breast exams stand for life?
Wasn't even covered in MSM and signed in secret? Why?
Don't want to dissuade Daddy from playing their war game. My guess.
So you want men and women to die of cancer when it could be prevented.  The #ForcedBirth party will kill the planet with over population.
So you want force women to give birth against their will, how about a bill to force men to get a vasectomy against their will.
Hyde amendment. Nuff said. No tax money funding abortions to begin with.
Think any of that $314,000,000 that went to that bomb could have helped?
And thanks to GOP for defunding aid to over 30,000 women impregnated each year by rape or incest. Heartless, insensitive GOP.
.Have you never had sex w/a women, @SteveScalise? Do you have no daughters, sisters, a mother, grandmothers? Any special women in your life?
Will you work to expand healthcare for pregnant women and new mothers? It takes more than existing for a life to thrive.
You and Joni @SenJoniErnst are arbiters of death. You've taken away funding for women in need of cervical and breast cancer screenings.
Are you kidding? You're evil. You're hurting women.
So proud of @POTUS for hiding behind closed doors to sign the bill preventing #healthcare @RepDianeBlack @SenJoniErnst
These are the people you vote for. This is how your republican representatives feel about you and who they work for:
You are taking away mamograms, prntal care, STD testing and cancer screening for women! You will save no one and kill many, sound good?
How about PP? How about NRA? You repubs stand for nothing after birth. 2018 gonna be fun!
Can someone reasonable answer a Q? If Planned P'hood stop offering abortions, would they still be eligible for funding for other services?
Thank you @SteveScalise for confirming @HouseGOP doesn't believe in #equality or #WomensRights. It's 2017, what's wrong with you? #coward
perhaps you never heard of the Hyde amendment ? I am sick and tired of republicants!!
How does someone as ignorant as you get elected?
You are immoral monsters robbing men and women of HC. You are not working for us.
Absurd. This bill will cost lives. #PlannedParenthood saves lives. #StopTheLies
Why do you want women to go without healthcare? Why do you think we are 2nd class? Where will low income women go 4 paps, birth control?
how is it "standing for life" when this will make so many die from disease" you mean -
than you all "stand for fetuses" cause when that baby is born and is a member of a low
income family you will cut its healthcare - that's how much you care about its "life" -
this pro life religious argument is a fraud, you are pro fetus. Go pound on your bible
somewhere else.
yall are satan
You are just heartless. PP provides life-saving healthcare services to people in need. Why does @GOP hate and harm women and poor people?
Congrats to you all on partnering up with an historically unpopular president to sign an amazingly misguided bill! Your legacies are secure!
Nice pro life for poor who may financially be unable to support themselves. So in turn governments will pay in form of foster care.
Taxpayers should not b forced to pay for out of control lifestyle spending by 45! Wtf is wrong w/GOP, What happened to conservatism?!
How come it's always the same stuffy old faces touting this stuff? What do #reproductiverights  look like on the right?Do they exist at all?
Is killing people with LEGAL guns pro life?
@RepDianeBlack How dare you!?
How do you live with yourself? A woman proposing a bill to take away healthcare from women.
Please can you answer this: why is it that pro-lifers care more about babies than the adults that were once babies?
Saving babies: yah
Teaching kids: ah
Saving babies from war: ah
Helping immigrants babies: ah
Helping trans babies: ah
But saving babies: ya
Yeah good job defunding an organization that helped women get proper care.
Yes, because why fund pap smears, mammograms, and HIV testing for poor women?
How does this not contradict Roe vs Wade?
I like funding Planned Parenthood. I really do.
Things I don't like being forced to pay taxes for: Trump's weekend Mar-a-Lago trips, salaries of ppl who won't keep church & state separate
I got my first exam and screening there when I was a poverty level teenager. You people are monsters. #GOPHypocrites
Fuck off Steve.
Yep. Now sign a bill so we're not forced to pay for wars we don't believe in. Stand for life, right?
Because women shouldn't have access to pap smears and birth control?
But taxpayers killing babies and other humans is fine when we do it in Syria, Afghanistan, and Iraq? Your "reasoning" reveals your mysogyny.
Money never went to abortions Liar. It went for preventative pregnancies and care.
I think that anyone who butts in2 some1 elses reproductive rights is a nazi of the worst order! diane black & joni ernst can just go 2 hell!
Yeh to hell with bodily autonomy! Let's harvest dead people for organs too!
Awesome so when you get pregnant and the pregnancy becomes dangerous to continue I will relish your pain as u carry a dead foetus to term.
Ur talking about bodily autonomy.if ur against it then Ur for rape, assaults, harvesting organs, making women carry to term regardless.
Funny how the GOP seems to care for the baby until it's born,but after that, assistance is an entitlement (that's only ok for corporations).
Standing for life?? How about standing for basic healthcare for underserved?? You are hypocrites. You don't care about life, only fetuses.
Yes, thank you for killing women.  Guess we still have plenty of douchebags though.
Well...except for the four million people who go there for preventative care.  Guess those lives aren't important to you.  #StandWithPP
Why should  anyone pay taxes for it? Especially  not seniors
You want to make sure that anything that could help middle, low and poor citizens is cut.
Why is it all of you "prolife" dickwads are cool w funding Israel hundreds of millions even though their gov't actually funds abortions?
Also we taxpayers are being forced to pay for all the extra security forces.
Thank you for being a perfect example of who not to be #totalclown
We are being forced to fund separate housings for 3 residences of the Trumps.
Vote @SteveScalise out!!!
You all need to stop calling yourself pro-life.  Besides we know you don't really want to end abortion, it's too effective a fundraiser.
Taking away cancer screenings isn't standing for life. You thanked a man for endangering the lives of millions of women
Why do you want cancer screening and HIV outreach and testing stopped? Along side the ridiculous things this will do to women's health
Abortions are not funded but lots of good services are/were... blind not to look into the facts. Baaaa baaa sheep of the GOP
Are you that ignorant? Planned Parenthood saves lives. Hyde Amendment assures that no federal funding for abortions.  War on women wrong!
As a taxpayer, I would MUCH rather my tax dollars be used to help women & our education system, than golf outings & military strikes.
Shame on you for being thankful millions will lose basic health services. So much for standing for life. #hypocrisy
pro birth idiots.
You're a disgrace, @SteveScalise - funding for PP helps everyone, even men and women who don't use their services
All this does is defund women's basic healthcare. No Fed funds were used for abortions. Hypocrites all of you.
You are not pro-life. You are pro-birth. After the clump of cells grows into a baby and is born, you and your ilk won't lift a finger.
You just set back women's health care.  You must be ignorant or uninformed to be proud of this.
Hopefully the women in your state can get breast exams, Pap smears, etc. somewhere else. You are so naive. Thank God I don't live in y/st
Stands for life as he bombs and kills civilians!?! Your god is gonna punish you.
don't lie - federal money cannot go to abortion. LA has so many in need that you ignore.
as a life-long Louisianan, I ask you to stop defunding healthcare & do GOOD for our state
To be pro life you should be concerned about life at any age.  This bill is not pro- life it's pro misogyny
If you are all pro-life and not vegan then you are just hypocrites killing babies to eat them
Boo!
Yeah??? When's he sign the bill so I can stop paying for his fucking golf games
Well done, Sir, you are an exemplar. You missed your age. It was pre-Victorian, backstreet abortions with wire coat hangers.
