How about reinstating the assault weapons ban? That'd be really something to prove you're not bought off by the NRA!
https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/nra-donations/?utm_term=.a3597c87cc4a … 
@HinojosaTX  @texasdemocrats @UDems @TexasYDs @dallasdemocrats @indivisibleATX @IndvsbleTXLege @IndivisibleTX17
@TX21Indivisible @indivisibleTX25  @DTX_Indivisible @indivisibletx24 http://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/politics-government/article177257586.html … https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/mass-shootings-in-america/?tid=graphics-story …
ATF did and determined they can't regulate gun parts under the law. Congress needs to give AFT power over parts.
ATF "We find that the bump stock is a firearm part and is not regulated as a firearm under Gun Control Act or the National Firearms Act"
And the other cowards?
Stop trying to regulate our GOD GIVEN RIGHTS!
This will not wash the blood off of your hands.
Why waste there time GOP isn’t going to pass anything against guns.  They receive over $50 million last year Dems $289.00
LIKE YOU DID SOME WORK?  JUST A WAY TO AVOID DEBATE IN CONGRESS.  NRA GAVE YOU PERMISSION; 90% OF AMERICANS WANT UNIVERSAL BACKGROUND CHECKS BUT YOU ARE NOT FOR 90%..YOU ARE FOR JUST YOU AND YOUR ONE JOB...SCREW TEXANS
Ban them, please! I want my dad to keep his hunting rifles-thats his right!-but no one needs bump stocks. #78751
How about asking @POTUS to not start a nuclear war with North Korea? Okay? Thanks in advance.
Bump stock is only the first step. No one needs that many guns. Do a better job at #GunControlNow
No one needs weapons that fire 100 rounds a minute. I don't really know why @GOP can't see that. Regulate anything that modifys a gun
Make more laws,  criminals always obey laws.
I'll head up a campaign to get you "bumped" out of office, John. Back off! Slippery slope.
No new gun control. Protect our second amendment.
Sounds like a first step. Let's not stop there. Lets push for reasonable gun safety regulations!
a tiny step in the right direction
Now ask CDC for a comprehensive gun violence study!
Amen!!!!!!
#RenewJonesActWaiver
You guys sure spend a lot of time sucking up to the left. How about accomplishing something for your base. You know, no law can stop evil!!
No more gun control- stop raping our Bill of Rights!

The survivors and family members of mass shootings have a message for the leaders of our nation. 
Jumping for swamp but can not keep promise to American people
Obama's ATF approved of bump stocks. This is all his fault. He is complicit in these murders. Throw him in jail
How many GOP Senators are there? What are they doing?
Only FUCKING 9?!?!?!?!?!!?

Nationwide background check w/waiting period, ban assault weapons (only LE & active military), close private sale & gun show loopholes ...
Good!
They can only interpret existing law in their review. To change anything you need to do your job and pass legislation.
9 out of 52. Not even a good score for a grade-schooler.
Enough BS this is not about a Firearm!!!! WTFU!!!
Yes it is. Lives matter.
This is a start, but passing legislation would be quicker. And only 9 of you? What's wrong with the others?
Oh woopee...just trying to stem the tide of outrage. We don't believe you.
NRA owns you
Hope the review is thorough & also includes checking to see if those sens.have spine & conscience.
Review?  I guess campaign contributions from the NRA warrant a review. A sane person would just ban them
What are you reviewing them for? Please, just get rid of them. We know all too well what they do and how.
Shunting this off to the ATF is a copout. But I guess that's what we should expect from you.
Trying to avoid legislating? Just ban them, John. No kudos to the #NRA - funded #GOP. 
#bloodonyourhands
ok, but outlawing bump stocks is just a feel good measure. Had guys can make their own or buy on black market.
Please watch and listen carefully.
 Check out @nytopinion's Tweet:
The survivors and family members of mass shootings have a message for the leaders of our nation. 
Just do it already and get on to something else that could perhaps benefit millions of people.
Right. Because the NRA gave you all the green light. They’ll concede bump stocks in hopes that will be enough. It’s not. #GunControlNow
If only bump stocks had been banned in 2012. You voted against it. You're complicit.
You dopes can't even pass healthcare
We'll take it but it's not enough. It is a bone tossed by the NRA.
Get rid of them!!!
ATF is where this belongs they can amend 2010 finding without legislation.  Dems will use any legislation to erode 2nd amendment rights
No worries people, Twitler in chief is threatening to start a nuclear war with NK. Most inept, corrupt, dangerous, and amoral admin ever.
Politically gutless. Just outlaw the device or say you're against outlawing it. Don't hide behind the ATF. You know what a bump stock does.
Also review ILLEGAL rule that only applies 2 states bordering Mexico. 1 purchase of semi-auto rifle larger than 22 cal w/detachable mag/week
Why are you asking ATF to review? Just legislate in to law bill that makes them illegal! Or are you afraid of the NRA?
How about meaninful natl gun regs, johnny? Oh ya, the slaughter of Americans in mass shootings is a GOP cost of doing business with the NRA.
Stand up and stop caving in to all the gun control. It’s not the guns.
Yes, it is. It's always been about keeping guns & their accessories from criminals. 73% of criminals in America use legally-obtained guns.
Senator, you and your Republican colleagues must surely know that bump stocks are considered legal.  You must pass a law to ban them.
Review??? Outlaw them today!
Fine, ban bump stocks, and what do we get in return? Tax cuts? Deported illegals? Obamacare repeal? The GOP always gives up. Just pathetic.
Trade mass killings for mass deportations?  What an odd way to look at the world.
#GunControlNow #TurnTexasBlue #TrumpRussia
Yes of course. Bump stocks will solve our mass shooting issues 
Baby steps. Universal background checks next?
They already do background checks but once again, How is that going to stop mass shootings? In this case the guy was squeaky clean!
