No one seems to like you on twitter
your illegitimate president wasted millions of dollars on a failed act of war
Now you're treating China?! Racist fool.
The message was "59 Cruise missiles and your base will be functional the following day". Sad!
#trumprussia
Are you goofy?
None of this makes us any safer. You are on the wrong side & your constituents will not forget it. #election2020 will see you out of offfice
that's a joke. We are the laughing stock of the world. It was unauthorized act of war and it failed.
Yep. We will drop a bunch of stuff on you, tell you in advance, and leave you operational.
I hope the message is, we will hit soft targets with little or no military significance so no one gets mad. @indivisibletxjc @msnbc
edit: add the word not after is
Agree !We as a nation have been in a reactive zone and not doing anything about it. Statement has been made gravitate to proactive zone
@GOP
You're joking right? What we as a nation have been doing is blocking families under attack by their own government from getting out
American values back in WH. No longer will we support regimes contrary to our values. Message went far beyond those 4 countries.
Whaaaa? #TrumpRussiaCollusion is contrary to my values...so is closing the doors to refugees
Yes the message is clear.  The White House is off the chain and Congressmen like you don't do you oversight job.  I vote
Let's not forget the message that Congress sent four years ago when it denied Obama permission to do this *exact same thing*.
And how is that a good thing @JohnCornyn? You'd like more Americans to get maimed killed PTSD?
Calling Putin to warn him and Assad was so very kind of #45. Uay
The message that a nation heavily indebted to the Chinese is willing to pour 60 million down the drain on ineffective missile strikes? Win!
Yes.  We will do very little but it looks and sounds good
We can spend millions on tomahawk misses? Because based on Repub. rhetoric I thought we were counting pennies?
Are you seriously hinting at the "axis of evil" bc that game has been played already.....it did not end well #SyriaAirstrike
And message was what, I'll destroy sum broken down aircraft for you so you don't have to?? Yeah, real smart.
Lol.  Disllusioned old fool.
Was the message "we will call you before we bomb you with Raytheon WMD that we own lots of stock in and no damage to distract from Russia?
If the message was that our president has no idea what he is doing and our Congress has no balls, then yes, I agree, the message went out.
Was the message "I'm an idiot and easily fooled?"
as your constituent I can't believe you support this president. #cancornyn2020
So U attack them, U go bankrupt in days. So Trump won't attack China EVER! So U want to claim it was a warning for China as well? U fool.
Yeah, really? U're ignorant. China was visiting Trump when the attacks happened, and guess who owns all the US debt? China!!!!
Foolish if you think destroying a hut meant something to those nations. Especially Russia
You and your crew are making us look like idiots.
Well Russia is bombing Syrian rebels today. So I guess Donald's pal Putin wasn't that impressed. A waste of tomahawks is all it was.
You need a WSJ article to know that?
Let's discuss the effectiveness of this at a town hall. When are you holding one?
We will do anything to distract from treason investigations.
We will waste money on theatrical bombings after warning the targets. We will attack sovereign nations without congressional oversight.
more saber rattling and putting bad hombres on notice no doubt #fail
And to Congress and the American people. This POTUS means business. Maybe we can get this done now. It's not rocket science.
Message very well could be that 45 & GOP Congress are erratic and
w/o strategy.
Issues around the world are more complicated than 1 strike.
The message was that the USA can’t do a bloody think, That airbase in operation again today bombing the same towns and villages.
Let's not forget the message they were sent fourteen years ago: The only way to prevent an American attack is by having the bomb.
Was the message "we will blow up one of your air bases without any coherent strategy"?
A message that they can't stop laughing at. Congratulations, great job John
so, it was largely a political move...
aannd it did no good on either front.  Warplanes flew again after we spent  $25 million.  Where's the strategy? Wheres the plan?
Was the message that our Commander in Chief is impulsive, reacting in the moment to what he sees on cable news?
That Russia knew about before Congress did. How many refugees are you going to adopt? Oh that's right, they're not welcome here right?
Haha! You were against same action when real POTUS Obama legally sought Senate approval. #bigot #HouseOfLiars #PartyBeforeCountry #townhall
Is he message that Trump will totally reverse foreign policy positions after watching Fox News? Not reassuring. #impulsecontrol
BTW, is Fire, Ready, Aim the diplomacy strategy for the Trump era? Was action legal? Congress declares war, work for Texas Sir, not POTUS.
Nope. It was just Trump deflecting attention away from the Trump/Russia investigation. It would not surprise me that you are part of this.
98 republicans signed to stop Obama doing the same thing without Congressional approval in 2013 after a gas attack...ok now ? Hypocrite 
If I was N Korea, I'd see;

No strategic plan from the US
Airfield still functional
Assad still in power

Was that your intended message?
Wasn't trump supposed to get congressional approval? Or was that only an Obama rule you repugnants made up? Republicans = hypocrisy.
TOTAL MISSION FAILURE: US struck base deliberately avoided destroying chem weaps/killing crews. Warned Ru/Sy. Message?  Incompetent?
Yeah..the message is..we are run by idiots. #yourlastterm
It may have been the right call Sir, but the optics point to a distraction on the stink surrounding the man & bullying the Chinese on Korea.
& what's that message, we'll call b4 we bomb and we'll try not to damage the target.
Read all the comments - NOT one person supports your apparent feeling of glee with the bombing of Syria bases!
Right the message was, look I need some ratings so I am doing this but you will see I won't hurt anything it's just to help with my lies!
Sorry, Senator, your views are scary. Your support of DJT inappropriate behaviors is disturbing.
This horrible act....Was is carried out to DISTRACT the media from the unfit president and the independent Investigation re Trump/Russia?
Lift the ban
AND THAT MESSAGE IS?....North Korea, Russia, China, and Iran probably feel fairly confident with the results of Syrian strike.
That message will not distract us from #Trumprussia. He's still a traitor.
I'm confused about what that message was, because as far as I can see it just showed we're impotent. Bring on 2020. Look for a new job.
I'm not sure it sent the message that you think it sent Mr. Cornyn.
The message being that Trump has no strategy, plenty of firepower, and tiny but itchy trigger fingers.
We will keep innocent civilians trapped in a country while we pepper the country with missiles. Spoken like a true republican
what is the US long term strategy?
So did you support the use of missiles in Syria?  Were you consulted? Do you know next steps plan for US military? Share please.
If Trump wishes to bomb North Korea, Russia, China, or Iran, are you going to require Congressional authorization?
The message is - We won't accept refugees into our country even if they're about to be gassed to death by a tyrannical dictator.
How about the message sent to Americans? Pay for another stupid war? Trump is unfit to be president! #Traitor #MAGAShit #ReleaseYourTaxes
"Killing God's children is ok if you use barrel bombs and leave no photographic evidence of baby bodies."
"We're the globe's premier pothole maker."
"We are an incoherent mess, take some of our money if you want."
What message? Airfield was operational next day. Did little damage. All for show. Those countries know that you  bootlicker.
What you say? 50 million dollars worth of pot holes. Oh, isn't trump suppose to get congress approval?
I think you can see most people aren't as stupid and gullible as apparently you think we are.
The "message" seems to have been lost on Syria since they just bombed the same city they gassed earlier this week.  Flop.
What was the message? Russia was given a heads up and the chemical weapons weren't destroyed.
What is YOUR opinion about that, what do you stand for? What's your stance on Syrian refugees now?
Hummmmm. Two airstrips remain intact-Russians & Syrians notified thus planes & personnel removed-Russia didn't attempt to shoot down missles
Why won't he save the lives of Syrian children by allowing them to come here as refugees?
So the point of spending millions to bomb cement was to send a message? How about diplomacy? And.....what's next? Is there a plan?
Message sent was we can't hit anything significant w/59 missiles. You're throwing our amazing armed forces & country into Putins pocket.
So international diplomacy is officially over? Your dad can beat up their dad?
Did the message read: Don't use chemical weapons or we'll will ruin evacuated pavement & mildly inconvenience your military?

You would be FURIOUS if Obama escalated a messy foreign conflict in order to send a message to other countries
Can we get our State Dept fully staffed with professionals?Lots going on as you just said.Scary to have amateurs winging it.
We'll see what happens.I find comfort in knowing that whatever the consequences of @realDonaldTrump 's incompetence you will suffer them too
Exactly what message did it send? Because without a strategy message seems to be "we will cause a minor inconvenience" & kill civilians.
Why is bombing Syria more important than giving lunch to school kids?
He voted NO, as did @SenTedCruz along w/almost all the Repubs that are now praising this action. Hypocrisy alive and well...
The message was that the Trump administration is willing to spend $100M at a time on political theater that achieves no military purpose.
I was glad to see this. But it should have gone through Congress. And you should have approved it when Obama put it through Congress.
Idiotic. Kim Jong-Un is itching to nuke us and you advocate provoking him into a pissing contest?
What was the message, cuz:
JUST IN: Syrian warplanes take off from air base hit by U.S., carry out strikes in Homs countryside - Syrian observatory for human rights
Distraction mostly. They called them ahead of time, so the message is we're doing this to look tough, but we don't want to hurt anyone
What Trump bombed with millions of our tax dollars, was up n running the next day. "Mission Accomplished" is a GOP acronym for waist of $
Look at that. Fancy journalistic words and all!
