Because of major self-inflicted distractions from the WhiteHouse. Stop blaming Dems for executive branch disorganization
More importantly, why is it taking so long for you and your colleagues to hold town halls?
Why do you keep asking a dumb question? #NotMySenatorForLong
You tell us, why did it take so long in a GOP majority senate?
OH NO! The irony!  After the way the Republicans treated President Obama and his nominees for 8 years.
again, a terrible list of nominees takes a terribly long time to force through. You had so many chances to make better choices.
I am a Independent now, I was a Democrat,  until Queen Hillary Clinton and the DNC stole it from Bernie Sanders.
Why is it taking so long for you to #AnswerThePhone, listen to your constituents, and hold a #TownHall?
seriously. Answers our questions and stop repeating the same BS on twitter.
- We're still waiting for Merrick Garland's confirmation.
The reason it is taking so long is the Democrats are really mad that Queen Hillary Clinton lost to President Donald Trump
how long does it take to meet with your constituents? I bet she got approved faster than you will come for a #TownHall....
The delay was longer than any period Linda McDonor ever ran a small business.  Why did you support her?
President Trump was elected by we the ppl. We want him to be able to preside with his choice of cabinet the delays must stop
Trump lost the popular vote. Remember those millions of votes right?
Our President won where it counts, in the heart of our country where it is much harder for frauds to vote
In the gerrymandered districts? No, fraud was very easy for voters there.
Disagree
Totally disagree. I was a poll watcher during the past cycle. Biggest issue was with Trump's lawyers.
I've worked as Judge and Assistant Judge at elections several years. I'm confident mid America makes certain no fraudulent votes
Why? Because Trump didn't do his homework before the election. Pruitt voted in without a complete check. GOP morally bankrupt.
Saudi Arabia is behind 9/11 or did you all forget that. I think Queen Hillary Clinton forgot it.
I don't have a problem with John Cornyn after all he is doing a fine job, it is McCain that is the problem
maybe because she's yet another example of someone who gave so many $$s to Trump? And her qualifications should be questioned?
why do you avoid your constituents? We would like a town hall
same reason Trump won't release tax returns. Everyone around him has something to hide and we WILL find out
Dunno. Why did you drag your feet on Obama's nominees?
As you're the local expert on Senate scheduling, one would think that you would have the inside scoop on this. We don't.
there is a thing called appointment confirmation process. Do you want a blank check for this regime's nominees?  Shame on you.
Did she ever get her ethics paperwork finalized?
.@JohnCornyn U asked this same Q yesterday in regards to VA nom. Since Dems provided no obstruction, maybe U should ask @SenMajLeader ?
you realize that you get more negative response comments than retreats or likes. Tell ya something?!?
Stop whining and come visit your state!
Because they are grossly unprepared people. If you can't see any better than that, then we are going to replace you.
Idk, why did it take so long to hold a hearing for Merrick Garland, which y'all still haven't done. So many questions 
Why are you hiding from your constituents? Are you a snowflake?
we don't like u people
It took so long because she was a terrible choice.
You all are talking loyalty to America right. Well Obama and the Clintons are more loyal to Saudi Arabia than America.
You mean the wrestling chick with questionable ethics? When are you guys draining the swamp?
Probably another unqualified nominee who bought the position & couldn't answer questions.. zbigger Q is why did Senate confirm ?
Why was she nomintaed in first place, didnt realize the wwe was a small business. She bought access
I asked myself that very question everyday you didn't vote on Obama's appointments. #slipperySlope
because she may be unqualified and she donated her way into a public position??? Maybe?
because she is so very wrong.
Because of Trump's choices!!
quit being a drama queen! Look. You already hired one Russian agent....we need to keep you in check!
maybe because she is corrupt like the rest of the #SwampCabinet is? How did that pick for NSA work out for y'all?
little John, because she is known for leading the WWF and people realize that is fake BS, do we need more fake crap from Trump?
I don't know. I'm still waiting for Judge Garland to get a vote.
extreme vetting.
lots of us want to talk to you about this! Stop asking the internet, hold a #TownHall, and listen to your constituents!
ordinary people who are immigrants are subject to "vetting." All the more important to vet nominees for positions of power. Smh
If she's as "good" as his earlier picks, perhaps we should slow down.  I mean, one of his first appointees already got FIRED!
Why are you not outraged with Trump/Russian ties and collusion.  Investigate Trump.  I am a constituent.
*dials up #MerrickGarland* "Hey man, for how long was your legal nomination obstructed by Senate Republicans?"
Establishing cabinet quickly seems less important if administration was colluding with Russia and may possibly be impeached.
Thank you for supporting investigation into Flynn's actions and the orders behind them. We need to see that result.
Here's a link to our President body slamming & shaving Linda McMahon's husband, Vince
why is it taking so long for a town hall meeting?
Why isn't @JohnCornyn asking why it took so long for @POTUS @realDonaldTrump to dismiss Flynn when he knew Flynn was compromised for weeks?
What does an exec for multimillion dollar wrestling corporation know about small business? Can you explain this?
, this is offensive. Stop w/ the divisive partisan tweets that don't acknowledge that GOP has done the same thing. #glasshouse
How long will it take for you to acknowledge Russia's influence in the Trump White House? How many more resignations?
what's taking you so long to come see your constituents??? #TownHall
you don't care about the answer, childish antics
have you been compromised by Russia? Is that why you refuse to listen to your constituents? Schedule a townhall meeting.
Do u know anything about Linda McMahon? I just don't understand why you're supporting these swampy nominees.
speaking of taking so long... how's that sen. investigation into Russian interference in election going?
why haven't you scheduled town hall meetings? Why are you hiding?
why aren't you investigating Trump's Russian connections? Are you Russian?
why aren't you investigating Russian involvement in our election?
he has finally mentioned investigations, but still falling short of what is necessary, i.e. special committee.
but @JohnCornyn has stated Flynn should be investigated..we can keep an eye and see what happens now. #InvestigateTrumpOnRussia
you have let your constituents down. You're a lousy senator.
why is taking so long to confirm Merrick Garland?
because of the vetting process; we don't want any undesirables in our country (remember?) or running it.
is she going to suplex taxes?
This argument again, Sir? DJT doesn't even have nominees 4 all positions. U can't keep blaming Dems.
when is the town hall? Why is that taking so long?
why is it taking so long to investigate Russian ties with this current admin? Why is it taking so long for a town hall?
why is it taking so long for the republicans to do what's right rather than tow the party line?
why is it taking you so long to answer phone, respond to msgs and schedule town hall?
because he chooses #poorly and you sir are forgetting that you #workforthevoters  #AnswerThePhone
why is it taking you so long to schedule Town Hall meeting with your Texas constituents? @tedcruz
what is pt of this question? our answer presumably not the same as your answer and yet you keep asking it like it's rhetorical
because she is incompetent
They've probably been on hold with your office like your constituents. >:( #CreamCornyn2020
You have shut out your constituents- and it's time to investigate the Trump-Putin connection
There are so many other issues happening now. You need to start pushing for investigation into USA national security and Russia!
what r u doing to investigate the Ret LTG Flynn, POTUS 45 n Russia. n i want to c POTUS 45 taxes.
Why has it taken you so long to care about #Trump & his ties to #Russia??? #wehaveeyes #resist #resisttrump #russiagate
what's taking your next town hall SO LONG!
- Background info not being completed in a timely fashion and Mitch McConnell playing with the schedule..
It didn't. See past presidents. Town Hall meeting now please?
are you whining? #TownHall
because her paperwork was done. Is actually working too much for you. Let's have a town hall here in Texas to talk about it.
Is @JohnCornyn's whole governing philosophy about "why did it take so long?" Dude, wake up!!
Remind me how long it took Marrick Garland to get a hearing?
tell trump to quit loading his so called administration with wallstreet and friends of putin
How long did it take for her to submit all her paperwork to the ethics committee for vetting?
save your outrage for the Trump-Russia connection and do your damned job
answer your phone
tell trump to release his taxes and you investigate Russia's influence on our elections
We aren't impressed with the WWF
Great, WWF can start making decisions in the already rough and tumble white house #DRAINTHISSWAMP #GOPGuiltyofSellingoutAmerica
Because so many awful appointees were ahead of her in line.
Why does your office never pick up, Senator?
when is your next town hall?
I believe he's being painstaking in his process so he surrounds himself by the best for making America Great Again.
funny John i was saying the same thing to myself 8 years ago. U obstructed cause He was BLACK we object because 45 is a CROOK
Any hiring mgr will say, it takes time to hire good ppl. Why  complain on Twitter rather than getting it done? GOP in control.
what is taking so long to investigate this WH?? Do. Your. Job!
something something Scalia
It took so long because we have no faith in any of Trumps' Cabinet of Deplorables. Or in those who support them.
#votehimout2020
these are taking long because they are mostly horrible picks!!!
***293 days***
We will eventually turn this backward state blue and vote alll of You self righteous so called Christians out of office!!
You all should be talking  about investigating the Trumps ties with Russia not about repealing without replacing my healthcare!!
I don't want HSA's!!  I like my healthcare and want to keep it the way it is. Listen to the people not your rich donors!!
You are supposed to be representing me as a Texan not your party's one sided agenda. I want to keep my ACA healthcare!!
Why are your fellow Republicans up there talking about taking my Healthcare when the President is in bed with the Russians??! 
please do everything you can to stop it
Because Republicans put obstruction above the interests if country and constituents.
It seems the paid trolls are out in force today. They haven't a clue of why and what happened. They are used to fantasy.
because the other mid round picks sucked. Rep chose to ignore the people and Dem stalled things.
You sound like a broken record. And not a good one 
Sir, your constituents are more interested in what's taking so long to investigate WH/Kremlin ties.
The president's nominees need more vetting than Syrian refugees.
maybe there are far larger concerns going on. Flynn/Russia/Pence/trump. Good god man! Worry about something important!
does it matter????
Every day it is more obvious you're on the wrong side of history. How many days since your last #TownHall? #MakeCornynThinkAgain
U r complicit when u remain silent about the treasonous activities occurring in the WH.
Do your job.
I am a constituent. Answer your phone.
For a decent candidate?
THIS is what is important to you today?! Seriously?
Becsuse the GOP is embroiled in scandal. Why won't anyone answer your phones, John? #CowardlyCornyn
Sick of GOP not defending our own. What the hell is wrong with you people? If it were Dems, they'd be circling the wagons!
hey what about Michael Flinn
anything else going on comrade?
because, unlike yourself, not all your Senate colleagues are rubber stamps.
why is it taking so long for Trump's taxes to be released? Conflicts if interest matter!! @realDonaldTrump
you really need to ask that question? You are a Senator, figure it out. Start with lemons like @BetsyDeVos and @jeffsessions
why is taking so long for an investigation into Russia's entanglements with the Trump's administration? @realDonaldTrump
R u serious? Y the hell aren't I trying to figure out y does @realDonaldTrump @POTUS have ALL of these people with Russian ties?
you all obstructionist didn't approve Obama's cabinet until April. What took you so long?
I caught your dreadful interview on NPR this morning. You're excuses for @realDonaldTrump grow increasingly lame.
You think you're going to get another Ollie North out of Mike Flynn? You're taking a HUGE risk if this is what you plan to do.
WTF, investigate Russia and WH ties
we've been distracted by unconstitutional EOs & the White House being compromised by Russia. You should investigate that.
Man, if you would stop tweeting you might have time for a town hall with your constituents --the people that employ you.
It's obvious the GOP Is making a concerted effort to sweep the Russian deal under the rug
, Because we are busy Making America Secure, Again. It hasn't been since 1/20/17: phone calls, football, key on table. Security
because we have an inexperienced leader
Since you're not giving due diligence, someone must!
- Investigate Russia influence in our govt, answer the phone, stop tweeting tone-deaf trolling tidbits & DO YOUR JOB!
why are you too much of a coward to hold a town hall? #txdistrict10
You had a chance to show that you could think independently of party. You just toe the line. #canCornyn2020
Don't you even READ the responses to your last "why did it take so long" comment? #MerrickGarland
why is it taking so long to condemn Trump's ties to Russia? Demand tax returns. Demand investigations.
I'm more concerned about how long it's taking Congress to decide to investigate WH/Russian ties. #wewantthetruth
DO YOUR JOB!! Investigate the WH ties to Russia--WHO, WHAT,WHERE AND WHEN!!!!
because you had so many terrible nominees come up before her.
politics, man. Same reason you didn't confirm Garland. Hypocrite.
Stop communicating with your constituents only in snarky tweets and canned email responses. We are actual humans who love Texas.
because y'all are crooks! Simple! Do your job and investigate trump!
what's taken so long to replace Scalia?  #yearandaday #greeneggsandham
maybe all that obstructionism for 8 years made you forget how to govern... #thingsthatmakeyougohmmm
Because she failed to produce her paperwork in a timely fashion? Because exec didn't bother vetting a friend? #transparency @JohnCornyn
why haven't you resigned? #CornynFailedTexas
because you had to confirm the others coming in?  #captainobvious
Because she's a fucking pro-wrestling character. Here's an open rhetorical question for you. What is literally wrong with you?
Because Trump's a clownstick who can't be trusted with anything. Next question.
Because many Senators (not you) were interested in thoroughly vetting the other controversial picks made by @realDonaldTrump.
why wont you come back to Texas and meet your constituents?
We ask that same question about the Senate just about everyday.  Nothing new. Trying to get a budget from you guys is hilarity.
Do we need to keep telling you this? Maybe if there were competent, qualified, properly vetted nominees this wouldn't be so hard
why do you keep asking this question?  We've answered it with every confirmation.  Another example of you not listening
Russian intervention with the elections, the Muslim ban, ice raids, and overreach by 45 staff, ask about that instead. #resist
extreme vetting. Duh. Oh wait, refugees are more vetted (and probably better qualified)than any of Trumps cabinet picks.
because he's a horrible leader, that's why. And you're not much better.
Town hall?  Russia?  Tax returns?  Oh, never mind, you're just a typical hypocritical Republican.
BTW, why is your Austin office phone line busy at 2 AM AND 2 PM??  R U afraid to discuss #FullRepeal with your constituents?
National Security Adviser resigns after three weeks. People are smart to be wary of picks. Perhaps you should be, too.
Why is it taking so long for Congress to investigate Trump's treasonous ties to Russia? #DoYourJob
U guys r all CRAZY un Americans that dont have a clue
She had to verify that she once owned a piggy bank.
631 days! But I guess you're ready for retirement anyway.
because she's not qualified
@realDonaldTrump 
Wait! I recommend Rhonda Rousey.  She has an arm bar that's out-of-this-world. She'll drain swamp with it!
Did it take longer than the Senate's confirmation of Garland for Supreme Court?
you know exactly why it took so long.  #SwampCabinet
- meanwhile - investigate ties to Russia!!!
Easy answer: Bitterness and hatred will not allow for acceptance of reality. Vitriol and intolerance from the "inclusive" group.
