You will hate when Trump loses in 4 years and Republicans lose control of Senate and can't filibuster Supreme Court Nominee. Blame yourself
No nuclear option.
You are failing Texans and blaming it on someone else.
no vote into the outside independent Investigation into Trump and company & Russia is completed....Or are you involved in that too?
And then your boy teddy pants @tedcruz stated when hillz was winning he planned on blocking her SC seat too with the filibuster - hypocrisy
Yes! Thanks for that reminder.
@tedcruz embarrassments, with individual character unbecoming of the seats you hold. Cannot wait until we Texans vote you both out. #BuhBye
Which I am glad to work towards...Getting Cruz and Cornyn out.
GOP = Party of Irresponsibility and Blame-the-Other-Guy. #2020 #MerrickGarland
For sure!
@SenateMajLdr Take a vote before you go nuclear, so US public knows who needs to be replaced.
GO NUCLEAR!
You're despicable and I'm SO excited to vote you out. You're a hypocrite and a slanderer.
Good. When Dems take control we can put Obama in the high court! #gopfail
The Dems did this or that first QQ. Please put country before party next time.
I assume you're real proud of blocking every one of Obama's federal judge nominations.
@SenateMajLdr has never done anything worthwhile in Congress 2 be proud of, he doesn't care about people/progress, neither do you #hypocrite
No, GOP started with Garland.
OMG, this is why we need term limits. You are putting your "own power, perks and privileges ahead of public service."
@JohnCornyn doesn't give shit about any of us, unless we are high dollar donors.
I love how you keep talking about what Dems did as if it justifies you. You opposed this in 2013. Grow up & take responsibility for yourself
Thank you Sen. Cornyn
what you started. Own it.
He's starting a slippery slope and ur sliding right behind him
McConnell is finishing what he started and the GOP enabled.
I hope you are enjoying these last months of being a senator.  2018 elections are coming soon...
So glad u r above the partisanship politics, because the hostility that emanates from this article u posted is palatable.
You... Cornyn...Are not a Senator for the people...Vote NO
I wouldn't let my 5 year old use that logic as justification. Do you really want the senate to be majority rule? Short term thinking.
This is a bad decision and you should not support it
Dude Schumer had to do what he did BC you Reps blocked like 78 appointments! Senate was at a standstill. Now you are just being childish.
It took Democrats almost 5 years to resort to what Republicans did after barely 11 weeks over one nominee. Agreed - not comparable
So "he started it" is your defense. #children
From all the negative comments, it appears you are doing so many right things, for the right reasons.
McConnell is responsible for this!!
You SOB stop posting articles and get home to a #TownHall. We pay your salary!
Your support for the Nuclear Option and for Trump will cost you your political career. You don't serve the people of TX. #Trumprussia
wrong, wrong, wrong, .@SenateMajLdr started it and don't you dare try to blame it on .@SenSchumer ! #MerrickGarland
Power-grabbing and bullying is what the GOP is doing so the court rules your way
Another alt fact from a Prince of Alt facts! You (and Raffie Cruz) bring shame on Texas! I will actively work to vote you out!

When McConnell  deprived President Obama of a vote on Garland, it was a nuclear option. The rest is fallout.
"Josh Holmes is president and founding partner of Cavalry, LLC and is the former chief of staff to Senator Mitch McConnell." Gag me.
@SenTedCruz and we will finish in 2018 n 2020 what u started by voting u out of office @JoaquinCastrotx @RepBetoORourke #TurnTexasBlue
Cornyn, you are all about money.
How mature. B-b-b-b-b-but they did it first! Whahhhhhh!!
He, you, every politician that votes for this is politicizing a vital part of our process to win. It will bite you in the ass in the future
I hate it when politicians act like they're on a reality show
Your party refused to give Merrick Garland a hearing and threatened to block any Clinton nominee for her entire term. Now it's the Ds fault?
The Democrats did this after facing hundreds of Republican filibusters for Obama nominees. You're prepared to up the ante after only one?
Yep. My awesome public school education taught me 500 R filibusters > 1 Dem filibuster. He must be using DeVos math.
"They started it" hasn't flown since middle school. Your refusal to own this tells me you know it's a bad idea. So why do it?
The country has long needed moderate voices to calm the extremists before it got this far. You could have been one. Now you're complicit.
This article shd b read by all
no nuclear option! GOP owns this after unprecedented obstruction of all pres obama nominees.  We see you and we vote!
The partisan amnesia is shocking, the turtle man opposed Obama and filibustered his SC nominee on day one
Wrong.  Both parties have dirty hands in this but the R's if they go nuclear will carry blame forever.
Hypocrites hypocrites, hypocrites. All of you. Gone in 2020. Constituents can't stand you
And McConnell are lying hypocrites like their orange god, trump
So McConnel, despite criticizing Schumer and Reid, actually likes what they did and wants more of it? Why not roll back Reid's rule change?
It really is a shame. All of you. Not just D's. R's are just as guilty. You are all embarrassing the USA.
Clearly your obsession with the Ds, esp. Obama, speaks volumes. Deflection from your own foibles are crystal clear. Next town hall?
And breaking the Senate while he's at it. This is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.
did someone paraphrase @VanHalen
Keep the blame game going ,GOP wants to re shape the court to there billionaire donors liking
Own your mistakes and consequences, finger pointing and shifting blame is juvenile! #DoYourJob #Impeach45 #NoGorsuch #resist
We are terrified while you arrange deck chairs on the Titanic. No comment on nepotism in WH? Your silence is approval. #Kushner
PS, its a stolen seat. You can't rewrite history.
Stop by and chat with us sometime. You know where to find us. #townhall
You republicans are so childish
Since you trained as a lawyer, we can only conclude that you are malevolent, not clueless. If you argued this in court, you'd be sanctioned.
Great article to illustrate the childish behavior of McConnell & the GOP. The Senate isn't jr high, for crying out loud.
This so-called "nuclear option" will ruin the Senate. We will then have 2 House of Reps. Allow the filibuster to remain. #SaveTheSenate
you clearly are aligned with a corrupt government and will go down with them
#MerrickGarland though. Not one Republican will acknowledge that mess.
In addition to the fact that Rs acted childishly with Garland nomination, Gorsuch is not a good pick. @POLITICOMag
No he's not. I wish you guys would all grow up & stop acting like children. Do what's best for the country, stop pointing fingers & crying.
.@JohnCornyn @POLITICOMag *cough*BULLSHIT*cough* 
STOP. LYING. It is ALL on you and the GOP. #MerrickGarland  #StopGorsuch
Is McConnell working on immigration reform, federal budget, and what else has GOP failed to accomplish in 8 years.

Lying liar who lies. This is all on McConnell refusing to DO HIS JOB! Your party only obstructs.  500 filibusters 
These stats are why people think you are racist. This is NOT NORMAL.
We have long memories. History will not be kind to you. Blatant misogyny right here for which there is NO EXCUSE.
You're party has forever tainted most revered court with your partisan BS. You are the reason for our great divide.
The GOP act like children, waiting to say Shuber did it in response to stealing the seat from Garland.They love Citizen United. MAGA? When?
"What comes around goes around"
Please send Schumer's announcement on obstructionism, ca. 2008. I look forward to receiving it.
You all will seal your political fate on this...shame on you. The GOP sinking to new lows. We will see you voted OUT. #2020
Oh, hush. You and McConnell are perpetuating a scam on the American people to cover up your mistreatment of the rightful nominee, Garland.
No, Mitch is finishing what he started with Garland and he shouldn't.   There should be NO nuclear option to use.
Whats the point of having rules if you can change them when they don't serve your interests?  It"s just stupid.
If Mitch uses the nuclear option we, the GOP, will come to regret it.  Mitch is a poor leader and needs to go.
Maybe you could stop tweeting and start working??? #2020
grown men acting like children. Just vote, accept the outcome and move on. The games need to stop.
- McC started this hrs after Scalia died & YOU & every other Sen have power to do what's best long-term for Senate
It's a very sad day for our democracy when one party starts changing the rules on selecting members of the Supreme Court.
So u think the nuclear option to seat this unacceptable nominee is the right choice? Asking for a state!
Yes to Nuclear option right everyone? Agree right?
Love Trump , right everyone???
You don't get to do that. That's not true. McConnell started the whole thing - not even giving a respected jurist a hearing. We know better.
Great news!! One more day and we'll have CONSERVATIVE SCOTUS Neil Gorsuch confirmed!! Isn't that great!!! Nice to see GOP not cower .great
McConnell started with merrick garland.
Hmm. Hours, not days or weeks, after Scalia's death, McConnell announced his intent to steal the seat from Obama. Republicans need to own up
This is so far from the truth. Good luck with reelection.
Says the person from Chicago. Good luck avoiding gunfire.
Do you visit Chicago often? Maybe check it out first prior to making such statements.
Was there last year. Too bad the inmates run the asylum.
Friday this will be over and there will be a party with a picture of Reid to salute!
Stop pointing at Democrats to validate your horrific behavior.
Merrick Garland 
Merrick Garland 
Merrick Garland 
Merrick Garland
Our Congress is acting like bunch of children on the schoolyard continuously pointing fingers & saying “He did it first”
GROW UP!
If you can't get 60 votes the nominee needs to change
You seem to think that Congress can change the rules just to get their way. Do you honestly think your precious “Framers” would approve?
Ask Harry Reid. He put this in place. You reap what you sow.
McConnel is doing right
Oh, Senator. It's clear you're embarrassed about this, or you wouldn't keep blaming Democrats for Republican actions.
Sweet
Gr8t read. Everyone should read this article by Josh Holmes former McConnell's Chief of Staff. I have much more respect for the "Turtle"
How do we get rid of  these people they are Frauds Schmucks Lackeys. Lets put these guys in Marco Rubols agenda At least then, Non issues!
Dems r obstructionists. Gorsuch is good 4 country. Thank u President Trump 4 making Supreme Court great again.
Actually.... 500 Rep filibusters > 1 Dem one.
Finishing what the @GOP started when they wouldn't even meet with Garland. How stupid do you think we are?!? You will be replaced.
Have your fun, w your Trump's low approval as well as the Congress-- if you all stay the course, 2018 and beyond will see a MAJOR change
You can never take responsibility for your own actions, can you @JohnCornyn ? Party of Personal Responsibility is a lie.
History will (does) tell a different story. Clearly and definitively the Senate has been changed forever. The cost is its dignity. Legacy?
Let me fix that. McConnell is finishing what McConnell started. Your constituents are well aware that they have something to fix in 2020
You have it wrong, when did this start?
NO NUCLEAR OPTION.
About time repubicans strapped on a sack and went on offense.   For years they just caved to Obama.
And what remote corner of the Andromeda Galaxy are you from? Cause you ain't from Earth.
That makes no sense.    Perhaps have someone help you write your next one.  Nothing worse than someone dumb trying to sound smart.
Town hall?
