Report: Higher premiums if Trump halts 'Obamacare' subsidies http://bit.ly/2vD9QyP  
So where do you stand on the white supremacist support scale? Still a Trumpeter?
Antifa & BLM are just as evil, he denounced them all! Stop watching fake news. Seek the truth and don't be a Sheople tool!
I hope all of Melody's family & friends know where she stands on the scale. Not just Fox & Friends.
They stand with me...Texan are fully aware if what is happening in the America. #MAGA
Yes I am a Texan 7 generations. I fully aware of the destruction of Cornyn and Trump.
Obama almost destroyed our  country...President Donald Trump is trying to save it! I was pissed off for 8 years, your turn! #TRUMP2020 #MAGA
If you've ever wondered what you would have done in 1930s Germany or during the civil rights movement, congratulations: you're doing it now.
Doing what? Calling out all hate filled groups? Wanting Americans to come together for the greater good for our citizens? Respecting POTUS?
If the Senate would do their job, we wouldn't be in this mess! #FULLREPEAL #THANKGODFORDONALDTRUMP
You haven't TRIED to fix the ACA; you throw Texans off insurance so your rich ceo buddies get richer. #election2020 will boot your butt
You should have stood up against #WhiteSupremacists. No place for #domesticterrorism and not #ManySidesWeek
Own your mistake, John. Be a leader and fix it.
Not ONE republican voted for Obamacare
Irrelevant. Subsequent GOP actions created the current situation.
if Obamacare is so great, why do 9.7 MILLION people pay the fine  instead of buying the insurance?
You are the 2nd most powerful man in the Senate. If you want to get reelected do your job and get legislation passed.
Really surprised you haven't hit one if these talking points yet this morning. Need more coffee?
These are the talking points the White House sent out to Republicans in Congress tonight: "The President was entirely correct." 
Obama should have been impeached for enabling such a crime involving ALL AMERICAN taxpayers.
Donald Trump Jr & Ben  Carson both confirm Obama admin stole $500 Billion to fund broken & failed Obamacare from Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. 
Bailouts--isn't that an R thing we have yet to recover from?
The GOP is incapable of a better plan the ACA. You've been sabotaging it since it's inception. The "bail out" is a subsidy that is LAW
Yes Connie Stout is right!
That's because we're being gouged by several levels all taking their profit in the medical industry. Only choice is single payer plan.
Then work together to fix it for everyone. Obamacare was never perfect - it was a baby step in the right direction.
Right.  This is your fault. #cornygoals
Giving tax cuts to the rich won't help either.
Pay attention, John. There's a national crisis going on.
Neither will the all male group of senators that drafted the previous health care bill, apparently. Work across the aisle and do something.
Sabotaging it won't fix it, either.

News Analysis: Trump buoyed the white nationalist movement as no president has done in generations http://nyti.ms/2wcI1hw 
Then get out of office if you don't want any part of it.
This is your fault. You did nothing but obstruct. Your fault. #cornygoals
Why do you continue to lie about this? It is not a "bail out" it is agreed upon subsidies to assist lower income Americans to buy insurance
Because the root of the problem is unfettered big Pharma & Insurance...
How about your response to 45 defending white supremacist? Where is your outrage? Shame on you & all who are quiet. #NazisInTheWhiteHouse
Rumors big John had once wore a hood
Good to know, because that would be the only reason for him staying silent. #noracism #nonazis #NoWhiteSupremacy #nonazisinthewhitehouse
So ur still on board w/this FOOL. What's in it 4 YOU Senator? Do u read OUR TWEETS or just send them? We put u in office & will take u out!
Is that the only issue you have to speak to your constituents today? Amazing. If you don't renounce racism you are part of the problem.
More imp than insurance:  our democracy. Do you agree with Trump, that both sides equally culpable?  Or is whte supremacy evil?
Higher premiums either way
Try being a Statesman...!
cutting it at the knees won't fix Obamacare either, which seems to be your only plan now?
Fix ACA

BIPARTISAN INFRASTRUCTURE BILL.

BIPARTISAN TAX BILL

IMPEACH TRUMP
Really, you're still trotting healthcare out when the. Leader of your party is a Nazi? #impeachOrBeComplicit
But isn't that what you want to do, bailout the insurance companies and not repeal like promised?
Its not bailing its helping to cover the cist of high premiums so all Amercans can AFFORD health insurance
Please use regular order and pass a full repeal!
Raise your hand if you want single payer health care.     Now do I have your attention Senator?
So you agree with @POTUS about the violence in VA? Or are you ignoring it in the hopes it will go away? #lostmyvote
You don't know shit Johnny
President Trump is threatening to raise your healthcare premiums and sabotage the healthcare system to score a few political points. WATCH: 
No bailouts please.
If only you were part of some kind of legislative body which could do something about it.
Need to RECALL Obama era CDC prescribing guidelines. Why hasn't this been done yet? Millions of Americans having meds reduced! DO SOMETHING!
So what is your solution. We all know the bad news. Help our President.
Expanding Medicaid will. ACA was designed to work in states that expand Medicaid programs.
My healthcare is $38,000 for a family of 3 per year and I am on the open market - not the exchange. What do you pay living off the govt tit?
You're right. Enforcing the individual mandate and using purchasing power to drive down cost WILL WORK - just like every other ind country.

Please share the information on the areas it has gone up 105%.  Is that where Medicaid was not expanded?
What's your source of 105%?
This is not helpful. Speak out against  45.
But taking away outrageous CEO $15+M pay & healthcare profits would.
Read the CBO report about what the sabotage is doing?
http://www.factcheck.org/2017/03/employer-premiums-and-the-aca/ …
If you don't condemn Donald's behavior, then I'm going to assume you support it. If that's the case, can't wait to vote you out of office.
My father & five uncles fought in WWII. Where is your statement against neo nazis, white supremacists and KKK?
I've gotten to the point where my only sane reaction to your divisive, without solution, tweets is "shut up and start working."
As a former Republican, I can say that John has lost his love for America and democracy. He was, past tense, a man of honor. He lost path.
your silence speaks volumes, sir. Texans will never forget that you supported a President who supports white supremacists.
Well your silence on yesterday's news conference with the President speaks VOLUMES. Complicity won't fix this, thanks for nothing Cornyn.
And y'all sure don't care to fix it or worry about  being hurt....and you had SEVEN YEARS to get it right & FAILED
Not paying will kill people. They won't be able to afford payments. Stop sabotaging ACA and fix it! Oh, get Gov Abbott to take Expansion too
It's not a bailout.  It's what's promised by the ACA. I understand you don't like it, but please don't misrepresent the subsidies.
So what will fix what's wrong with The ACA ("Obamacare")...Repeal and replace with something that takes away insurance for millions?
Pretty much the same increases as before the ACA. Get a grip, Cornyn.
Medicare for all,
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
You are just sad.
#noobamacarebailouts!!
Then you John Cornyn offer up a Bill acceptable to the American People
You can deflect all you want John, I will remember your silence in denouncing this president on election day 2020.
If you don't remove Trump, we will vote in someone who will. #ImpeachTrump #DenounceTrump #RemoveTrump
It is 11:21 and still nothing from you!! Shame on you for not condemning Trumps talk yesterday. You must be kissing the ass of the alt right
Sign on to H.Con.Res77 & then we'll know you take your job and our country's principles seriously: https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-concurrent-resolution/77/text?r=1 …
Silence = consent
Taking direct action to raise the cost of Obamacare will hurt all Americans. It is not our fault that you guys failed.
Denounce the white supremacist Donald Trump. #ImpeachTrump #DenounceTrump
Prems & deducts on the rise & benefits being cut yrly b4 2013. People dumped for preexist cndt. Exactly why we need the ACA. Repair it!
Your thoughts on your President's support of white supremacists? Inexcusable to support these views or this administration. Disgusting!
So you are cool with a white supremacist president? You are insane.
A minute ago, rising premiums and how to stop them were all you were talking about. Why do you now support blatant sabotage?
No response to trumps comments yesterday? Your silence speaks volumes
What you say may be true..but working in a bipartisan way to save our healthcare system just might do the trick! #doyourjob!!!
The fire was lit, but The GOP and Pres. Trump are throwing gas on the blaze instead of trying to contain and extinguish.
Please name your source as it relates to 105%.
Where are your remarks about Trump's remarks for neo-Nazism, white supremacists, and hate? Shame on you

Offer viable solution & quit whining. #GOP needs to get off your asses & #ImpeachTrump. A real leader would protect constituents not @POTUS.
Senate and House need to fix this, or honestly explain that healthcare costs are high and why they are high
nazi lover
And where's your condemnation of #charlotesville and what Trump said yesterday?  Or are you a racist or racist sympathizer also???
It's not a bailout.  It's a subsidy to keep Americans from being screwed by insurance companies.
@TPM Quit lying, ACA has been sabotage by Repub! I'm retired independent, I see too many younger folks in need of ACA.
Granted, but the point is that the GOP "plan" is not the answer.
You're awfully silent - again - while @POTUS defends fascist and neo-nazis @JohnCornyn. Are you still supporting this man?
Don't turn away, good Senator. The (diverse) people of Texas need you now more than ever! You've got to speak up against this msg of hate.
No comment about trump? Your silence is deafening. Do you agree with trump
Neither will throwing 30 million people off their healthcare insurance and saying you didn't. Party lies over constituents concerns right?
Cornyn why won't you meet with your constituents?????
FIX IT JOHN!!!! Yall have the power!  Shit up and fix it!!!
Distraction.  The only thing that should be on your Agenda is Impeaching the Nazi in the Whitehouse. This @POTUS will bring you all down.
This is not bailing out.
Do you have a plan to lower premiums such that those with pre-existing conditions can afford healthcare? I must have missed it.
Not will it help. Make a worthwhile point or don't tweet
I swear to god you are more loathsome with every tweet #worstsenatorintheusa
Neither will throwing 20+million people off Medicaid. Would be nice if "replace" involved improving Obamacare rather than just repealing it.
Health care is not the purview of federal legislature. Read the Constitution.
What about this? Are you still in the racist Trump train?
What the hell were you sent to Washington to do if it wasn't to work to find beneficial solutions to issues like this? Do your damn job.
Guess who else has been in government the whole time healthcare has collapsed... @JohnCornyn has! Started 11.30.02. If anyone is to blame...
So we should halt subsidies that make it even worse for those that need it most?
Stop being disingenuous! You know Healy care costs were rising at a faster rate before the ACA.
So John you're saying America's #singlepayer system #medicare is the best system and we should implement it at once?
Renounce this racist. This is more important than tax cuts of Obamacare.
You going to step up & denounce @POTUS for siding w/ racists? Are U going 2 show any leadership at all? GOP is done now. Excessive cowardice
For better or worse I predict a single payer health system eventually. We must diligently root out fraud-Gov't system's biggest enemy
Stop with obamacare. There are people supporting Nazi 's, White Sup. and KKK in the White House. Let us hear from you!
Why no post denouncing Trump's comments? Failure to do so leads us to believe you agree which is disgraceful.
Until u denounce and remove the Nazi in the WH nothing else matters. Right now & until then GOP=Nazi, including you.
Here's what's wrong with the Affordable Care Act,... the @GOP have sabotaged it every chance they've gotten.
#HerNameIsHeatherHeyer

#SayItJohn

#SpeakOutAgainstWhiteSupremacy
#SpeakOutAgainstTrump
#YouSupportTrumpToCoverYourCrimes
#URARacist
#ImpeachTrump and fix America.
Screw the ins companies. Ystrdy, the dr prescribed a topical ointment my daughter needs, but they wouldn't pay for it. #SinglePayerNow
If I agree to pay you an amount of money (let's say a subsidy) and then follow through, as I should, that's NOT A BAILOUT!!!!!
And your thoughts on Wh Supremacy? Wait, you can't think for yourself, you worship a false idol&spread his propoganda.
#ImpeachTrump
#NOW
Insurance rate increases in 2016 scheduled to be released after election.Why?
Litigation got them published a week before Election.Trump surges and Wins.
Obama had Cop hating BLM group in the WH!COP in Ferguson investigated and found not guilty career ruined by FAKE NEWS.
Congress failed the voters.  Promised REPEAL and got NOTHING>
Halt it!! Congress is at fault, it didn't act!!
Your job is hard. But when things don't go your way, you don't get to blame 44. Do your job.
Neither will defunding and destabilizing the market tool bag. That's what the GOP has done for 7 years with no plan or clue how to fix.
Seriously?!  You are so weak. You have totally sold your soul to the devil. Power is obviously the god you worship.
Because YOU and the @GOP weakened #ACA with amendments intended to destroy it. It's fixable & GOP has the power to do it. #ACA
#killer
So how many more days/months are we going to hear this same tired old line? Fund the CSR's lest we think you like ethnic cleansing.
Senator, just wondering why you have no statement condemning Trump & his support of white supremacists. I assume your silence equals support
If your car were stuck in mud would you try to push it out with help from acquaintances or blame someone else and stay there?
Apparently, neither will you. You don't know how to govern or lead.
Senator, Am I reading Donald Trump?   You tried fixing healthcare without members of your own party!   The blame is fully with you now!
No, but bipartisan bickering won't either.  Work with your colleagues across the aisle to improve the ACA.
This is not acceptable! #IMPEACHTRUMP

We bailed out banks to protect the people, it's called poor planning to have to go there. But we do it and then immediately reform
Senator, When are you going to be the Senior Statesman and Senator. Heather Heyer needs you to be moral and speak out against Supremacy!
We, your constituents, are waiting for you to denounce trumps words yesterday! Get him out! #ImpeachNow @GOP Stand up!
Ignoring yesterday's sh!tshow? Enjoy the racist monster you have bred & fed for years. You can't contain him & he's going to eat you alive.
And apparently, neither can you.
How about condemning white supremacists? 2020 can't come soon enough. #resist
I'm going to need you to work on bipartisan healthcare reform, because what's happening in this administration is making me sick.
1) Health insurance has be escalating at a multiple of inflation for decades, because hospitals have operated on a cost plus basis and
2) insurers just passed increases along rather than try to control costs. Do you understand basic economics?
@JohnCornyn we want to know if you stand w:Trump or will denounce him. You're not going to get anything done with Pres that condones racism
No bailouts!!
Who cares? You need to worry about now and making sure we aren't at war with N. Korea or with each other.
Glad you clarified that, though not fiunding has to have an impact. Please lead on supporting the pres. He is trying so hard.
Then do your job and fix it!
Seriously? This is where you're going this morning? I'm guessing your sheet needs laundering, so.....
Senator, we know all other options failed as well.  Stabilize healthcare, then develop a viable alternative.  Who will lead that effort?
Feels like a Fox News broadcast- no mention of the President
Insurance premiums have been rising since 1995. You are not qualified to tell ppl like me ANYTHING about healthcare in this country.
Government bailouts work with some businesses. It depends who you are. Bailouts are not all that is wrong with this system.
John, what is your solution?  Besides complaining, what exactly have you done to make it better?  Hold a townhall and #DoYourJob
Senator, when will you do the right thing by the uninsured & barely insured? When will you reject this amoral Pres edicts? #resist #unite
Single payer.
If you can't denounce him, you're also a Nazi sympathizer Cornball
Leadership to repeal ObamaCare that's what's missing.
GOP has had years to make a plan that solves the problems, but y'all refuse to do it. There are a number of things you refuse to do. We see.
Seriously. This is where you go after that circus yesterday? You make me ashamed to say I'm from Texas. 45 needs to go!
Disinformation - propaganda. Your dishonesty is shameful. Trump will be flouting law, whether you like the law of not.
So you still have no comment on the President supporting white supremacists? What will it take to fix what's wrong with your party?
