what are you doing to protect our institutions from Russia? Carrying water for compromised POTUS! Traitor!
You do know that Russia (not USSR) invaded Georgia and Ukraine. First forced annexation since WW2. A clear and present danger now.
You are drinking straight from the crazy well - or you're a Russian troll. Either way, complete denial of reality. Putin says "thanks"
Read some articles and looked at your tweets. Obviously you're an extreme left propagandist - peddling the same division/fear of alt right.
And here's @JohnCornyn making the Russia story about "personalities" (Obama's) in 2014.
We are not at war with Russia but at war with #Islamic extremist #Muslims claiming jihad against our @POTUS focus on the real issue #Hannity
You might not want to believe we are at war with Russia .  But Russia knows it is at war with the USA . Interference = act of war
No war with Russia, try going there someday you maybe surprised We do same espionage against them as they do us All propaganda #Hannity
But I have been to Russia . It's citizens long for a fair democracy like ours. Not the authoritarian regime they have currently in place .
We voted in @POTUS to remove #socialism so we are free from #Liberals authoritarian regime & I do know you never been to Russia #Hannity
That's a large load of BS. America people don't believe that for a minute.  All about destroy Trump.
It's about our country being messed with by another. I have no idea where your patriotism and spine have gone but find them please.
Who told Cronyn that shirt and tie were a good idea. 
@tedcruz Ted: Breaking News: John just reognized what everybody and MSM has been reporting: Russia attacked USA
Cronyn, you a thug and a liar! You have lost your moral compass by supporting the trump agenda
The Russian meddling in US elections isn't mutually exclusive to any potential collusion by any individual(s). You can have both. Sycophant.
Fucking pathetic.  When is Betsy DeVos going to change the curriculum to make Russian a mandatory language?
it's not about the media at all.  we're not all stupid John.
Your patriotism is hollow, you've shown your colors by continually backing Trump.
#partyovercountry
@JohnCornyn is NOT a patriot; don't fool yourself by thinking he is. He's a self-serving T shill out for all he can grab.
It's about the people who colluded with Russia to influence our election.  Pretending otherwise is self-serving nonsense.
I've never witnessed @JohnCornyn doing ANYthing that is not self-serving.
Never. Ever. It's always Obama and Dem hate. Wonder what they ever did to him? And he's ok with treason. #worstsenatorinusa.
Well, the GOP has no personality, so that tracks. However, try again with Putin thinking Hillary was going to win. Ergo, helped Drumpf.
Uh you are the media @foxandfriends
So if that is the case, then why is not #Uranium1 #BS & @billclinton quidproqou being investigated??? #Indict NOW!
.@foxandfriends You are the media fox, it's not personality, it's about treason. You don't go in with Russia to get info to help you win.
John: f*%#ing finally! You just admitted Russia and Putin attacked USA!
And to add to it this ass hat is literally on camera undermining this country just as #Putin wishes. The GOP all have a mouth full of Putin
Russia doesn't give a damn about US politics.  They want a decent lifestyle and freedom just like Americans.
@JohnCornyn Doesn't matter who. It is wrong and needs to be stopped immediately. Do you remember the oath you took?
Show us proof
Then talk about  Obama and crooked Hilary
Close... Russia & the Trump Family vs the United States.
You are correct.  It's about what @Russia has succeeded in, and continues to succeed in doing to the @UnitedStates, viz creating chaos.
Funny you are saying that now that the Trump family implicated.
Spin it John!
Uhm... ok.  Your interviews are about as nonsensical as your tweets these days.
#PULLKushnerNATSecAccessNow
Who said it was about 'personalities?'  It's about truth.
I just threw up in my mouth a little!!
I keep hoping ONE DAY you will wise up and do the right thing and then...you open your mouth and all hopes lost.

Yes it is John. Problem is, your @POTUS was on the side of the Russians the second they accepted their offer of help (regardless of outcome)
Russia is a democratic country
Okay. What are you planning to do about it?
Senator, why haven't you been protecting us from the Russians and their puppet?
No John, it's about taking down the president by the left.  If weren't leaning left yourself, you'd know that.
Save It.  Nobody believes @GOP #ImpeachTrump
Since 1945 we have and always will be at war with Russia, make no mistake, they are intent on destroying us more so than ISIS.
It's about you and your buddies being complicit
You're right it's about collusion And treason!  The only thing the GOP is concentrating on is personalities vs TRUMP breaking the law!
Pathetic that you think going on Fox and Friends make you relevant. It's the laughing stock of news coverage now, just like the GOP will be.
Are you saying Russia is a threat to address, but nothing is be done about the people who cooperate in their attacks?  Quit covering-SHAME!
Are you actually saying Russia is a threat to protect against, but nothing should be done about the people who cooperate? SHAME!
Big John, you are a traitor
You're finally right @JohnCornyn. It's not about personalities it's about people breaking laws & you and your party looking the other way.
I disagree, this is about Russia AND the US, NOT versus. I don't think any family of the @POTUS is against Russia.
Embarassed this guy is from Texas, he's only concerned about being exposed like all the lying Rinos...
Lets get to work Repeal ACA
Yes, it's about patriots vs traitors. Stop being a traitor and fight for your country.
I agree! And it starts with removing compromised Russian double agents from the WH!

McConnell played a pivotal role in preventing states being warned about Russian hack until it was too late. #Traitor 
There are some folks in this deeper than observers.  Junior has revealed a trail.  Mr Mueller may charge individuals, not countries.
https://twitter.com/TrueFactsStated/status/885542888305811458 …  john's best friend. reason for rushing #deathcare
McConnell played a pivotal role in preventing states being warned about Russian hack until it was too late. #Traitor 
Hey John I majored in Soviet Studies and you are a dupe!
Oh John they're focusing on substance and actual documents. #BlessYourHeart you need to be #RepealedAndReplaced #Election2020
Correct! This *is* about Russia versus the United States. That is why 45 needs to be impeached and his whole administration removed *now*.
And the fact that Trump may have colluded
Well duh! It's what happens when the current administration has so many damn ties with Russia!
https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/885610033005940741 … why didn't you tout this on that Fake news channel.
My Latest. 

The Trump family lives like they are above the law. Republicans have taught them that they are. 

…
uh oh.  sounds like Conan found the Donald Trump koolaid...

Cornyn does not speak for all Texans. Shameful.
John you are a disgrace & DO NOT represent the people who voted for DJT. You only care about lining your pockets & protecting Ins Co's.
And how are you supporting or protecting US institutions from Russia? How abt passing the Senate sanctions bill on your desk
Correct! But personalities (people) are conduits that either make us more safe or less safe. So why are admin officials lying on gov forms?
People. Not personalities. It's about people, working for or through Russian, who interfered in our election. Who are those people?
It IS about personalities--Trump's is treacherous and greedy. He's willing to take down our country for his $. Sadly, GOP is complicit.
John, what the hell are you talking about? Your statement is irrelevant so is your senatorial career. Please take two weeks off then quit.
@GOP has never met a Russian it didn't like, but has a lot of trouble remembering them
Well then step up to the plate Senator, and stop your complacency with this administration. You are a hypocrite.
@JohnCornyn @nytimes @realDonaldTrump @potus @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan #UNSC @
Lots of educated, informed people on this thread. Yeehaw
It's about the personalities that worked with Russia to undermine our elections. They wanted someone on the inside - Trump et al delivered.
so just ignore that technical analysis points to an inside job "leak", .vs. "hack" and just make up whatever not supported BS you want.
no this is about anti-trump politicians who are fascists.
and what r you doing to get Bill passed @MSNBC
Several of Trumps people LIED about mtgs w/ Russians. Why the lies?, which continue today.
@realDonaldTrump team would rather risk 5 yrs jail than admit to nothingburger meetings with Russians.  Kind of dumb
then impeach.

#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
This veteran is doing whatever she can to protect her son from the Republican health care bill 
This is some epic trolling by Fox and Cornyn.
When Russia picks our president its about personalities Cornyn would got nuts if Putin put HRC or a Dem in office
Putin got puppet Donnie elected and Donnie junior was caught red handed colluding. Comey was right LOCKTRUMPSUP
And the party in power.
https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/1/11/1619079/-Comparing-Presidential-Administrations-by-Arrests-and-Convictions-A-Warning-for-Trump-Appointees …
It is about personalities if they helped the Russians interfere! Nice try, Senator!
Then impeach him
No. It is about Russia and45's campaign blunders which violate democratic ideals-- sleeping with the enemy.
John telling it like it isn't again
Bullshit.
No shit, sherlock.  And most of the White House seems to be working WITH Russia.
.@JohnCornyn like we didn't predict this new tactic.  Keep trying.

 Here are the consumer protections the Cruz amendment wipes out: 
THERE IS NO ISSUE!!! GET OFF IT U ELECTED IDIOTS!! DO SOMETHING CONSTRUCTIVE LIKE DJT!!! @realDonaldTrump @rushlimbaugh @billoreilly
FYI:  

The Republicans Just Blocked an Effort To Revoke Jared Kushner's Security Clearance
He understands the long playing game. Listening devices in our Embassy walls, remove classified material while USSR fought fire.US outside.
All of which was reported on the MSM
Ass Munch!
how do you all  define media? don't seem to ever include yourselves.  you all spend too much time talking about other media instead of news.
WHY ALL THE SUDDEN IS RUSSIA SUCH A PROBLEM FOR 8YRS WE KISSED THIER ASS NOW ITS A PROBLEM FOR WHOM MAY WE ASK?!!
NO John! Its about Democrats distracting from their own illegalities & getting rid of Trump. Russia hasn't changed.We still sleep 1 eye open
#25thAmendmentNow 
It's about possible collusion between the Trump camp and the Russians.
Its about exaggerated hyped up hearsay. For real collusion with Russia look to the Clinton's.
Hearsay.  Like when you hear the lawyer repping Russian gov't say "part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump."
Do you think we will ever in the media have a russia- free day?
Will we have have a member of Trumps inner circle tell the truth about their contacts with Russia? Ok though, lets talk fake news
Take the words trump & putin out of a news report & readers will see it totally different.
If one of us attempted to work with hackers or Russia in an election, on mere suspicion, we'd be in jail. Must be nice living above the law.
Of course it's not about personalities b/c @GOP is in charge. But what would #FauxNews have said had Hillary won & Chelsey met w/Russians?
