Senate GOP health bill hurtles toward vote amid level of secrecy not seen since b4 WWI, @NoamLevey & @LisaMascaro http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-republicans-obamacare-secrecy-20170616-story.html …
The back door sneaky nature w/no public input is how the GOP TRIED to get this abortion of a bill through. 2018 is coming. #TheResistance
Glad you can see through the crazies, Senator!
Why can't there be even one full hearing on this bill, if it's so great?
Repeal and forget replace.
You have no moral compass. Grow some empathy
The Government should not give health care. Look at the VA for God's sake. It's government run and in some places a catastrophe !
Crazy talk from FAKE MEDIA!!
FALSE
You are a traitor, Cornyn. There will be costs.
Not crazy talk from where I sit Senator. Beginning to think you just don't give two hoots about Texans. Just quit.
Hold a town hall & tell us why u approve of this bill & how it will help 64% of people in nursing homes that will be kicked out @msnbc
#trumpcare is the real crazy talk. You are condemning people to die.
No, I think you and the @GOP are the crazies in this conversation. 
So, you're saying you WILL release the text this week & delay vote til after recess so your constituents know what you're voting on?
I would like to speak with you about this health care bill that will ultimately kill my daughter ~ Signed Your constituent
The Senate historian disagrees. Hold public hearings and let us decide who is right...
Sir, when you start spreading and shouting out fake news all the time, no one will believe you. It's like calling wolf; you will be ignored.
Then release the damn bill and give it time to be scrutinized. But right, we are the crazies????
This is the equivalent of exclaiming "fake news!" because you don't like the content of a true story.
Which he also does because he's worthless and can't ever back up his stances with facts and/or logic.
not so much crazy as it is evil and greedy but then again what could be expected of you and your republicunt colleagues?!
As a Texan and Veteran, I'd like for you to explain this:  http://www.amvets.org/amvets-deeply-concerned-presidents-proposed-cuts-veteran-benefits/ …
What's crazy is that of the 50 calls I've made to your office since the election, I have yet to get an actual person to pick up. Do your job
Same.
Give us the Truth Johnny Boy or do we already have it?
Not so crazy when the American people are calling to stop the secrecy! If the bill is so good for us it should be good for you too!!!
The people have a right to know what is happening behind closed doors with secret HC negotiations
What's crazy is holding no hearings on a bill that affects millions of citizens and providers. Democracy is better than your process.
Who is running your twitter account?  So unprofessional and inflammatory.  Not what I remember of you as an Austin resident.
Crazy talk from mentally ill crooked republicans.
@JohnCornyn UR NOT REPRESENTING THIS TEXAN WOMAN! UR representing #TrumpRussia & #Trumpcare & #richdonors & #partyovercountry #shameonyou
Your collegiate Senator Cruz is crazy talk. Sat through an hour in the gallery listening to him on the floor. Pages made to stay. Poor kids.
13 from 10 states, I think they call that a "Putin's dozen", not a "Crazy Ivan"...
Then tell us what's in the bill and how much it will cost. What are you afraid of? #ShowUsTheBill
So show us the bill?!?!! Stop sabotaging the ACA & fund CSRs #ShowUsTheBill #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
"Will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?" Senator @clairecmc asked today in the Finance Cmte. You should watch: #Trumpcare 
Why are there no women included on the secret backroom group of all old white men?!? #ShowUsTheBill
.@SecPriceMD refuses to say if women should have a seat at the table writing the Senate's secret tax-cuts-for-billionaires #TrumpCare bill. 
You @JohnCornyn need to go away from the keyboard. You have nothing to add to this conversation nothing to do but lie repeatedly. #RESIST
You being a U.S. Senator is crazy talk. Doesn't mean it's not true though. #showusthebill
Which part?  Hurtling?  Secrete?
You have nothing but empty words until you thugs decide to fix your shit.
Show us the bill. Let it stand on its own merit if you're so sure of it. This cloak and dagger garbage is archaic nonsense.
They pissed and moaned with the ACA was passed but it had 160 repug amendments that became added to the ACA.
Apparently 9 months and dozens of hearings was just too hasty for them though.
Fake New this Fake news that! Stop taking plays out of @realDonaldTrump  playbook. Enjoy your last term in office. Grow a pair.
What's in the bill?

Do you even look at the replies to your tweets? Or do you just not care?
Can you post a link to the bill so we can see it then? #trump #trumpcare #ahca
You sound like a troll.
Yes, @JohnCornyn, it's crazy talk because it's about you repubs and your chicanery. The shoe fits! @DavidLauter @NoamLevey @LisaMascaro
You built that "crazy talk" by secretive negotiations, seeking approval from lobbyists while avoiding constituents.  Emulate Obama.Go public
Publish and hold hearings instead of acting like a cowin
Well you sound crazy whenever I hear you talk so you must it well
As one of your constituents, I know I would like to see this bill and understand what your and the committee's end goals for it are!
Then #ShowUsTheBill
What you've done other similar things more recently than WW1? That's the only thing that would make it "crazy talk"
No, you're just a coward.
How so?
We're holding you accountable.
It's easy to stop such so-called crazy talk. Release the bill and give the public plenty of time to review it.
@JohnCornyn it's not crazy talk, it's shameful you and your 12 colleagues are being so secretive about a bill with little support.
Light his phone up! HIS party won't tell what's in the bill. THAT is crazy talk.

202-224-2934

Other #s:
It's crazy that such arrogance keeps the bill secret.
A cabal of old rich white men writing a health care bill in secret is crazy talk.
Why do you lie so much Senator?
Also, do me a favor and let me know how you're going to protect my disabled brother in law's ability to retain insurance
Please use your seniority to push for public debate of a bill that will directly affect women, crafted by men in secrecy.  It's shameful!
Well that's some crazy stuff you're trying to pull.  #ShowUsTheBill
@JohnCornyn your office, they can't respond to questions about the senate bill! We want to know now, not later.
As a Texan I demand you release the bill and explain the problem it solves for America
How is this crazy, or are you just a liar like Trump?
Sad to see you are just another lying politician who cares nothing about constituents or American values
"Crazy talk"...really? What's sane about 13 white men,locked in a room taking away health care from 23 million Americans! I'll wait....
Then #ShowUsTheBill #cowardlycornyn
Agree. The secretive nature of this is crazy.
Really??? Then hold a hearing on the health care bill.  Let the public be involved.  Unless your plan really is to kill 23 million people.
Cute attempt at deflection.
#ShowUsTheBill 
It would be so easy to clear this up. So so easy.
You are delusional.
In the age of Trump, your denial is actually confirmation. #ShowUsTheBill then.
as a Texan, you shame me with your contempt for Democracy and your blatant lies and hypocrisy
"Therefore by their fruits you will know them."
Show the ENTIRE SENATE the bill.  Now that's crazy talk.
Why so ashamed  that u must hide this in the dark?? Put it out there IN FULL,4 public review.This will affect the wellbeing of MILLIONS!!
No, it's the truth. Where is the bill? Why can't I read it?
Then tell us what's on the bill. Why all the secrecy? What are you afraid we'll find? Screw us, and TX will screw you when your term is up!
Then please share with your constituents what's in the bill before you vote.
The hypocritical GOP is at it again.  Crazy talk?? Prove it to the popular voters of this country...You can't!
What's crazy is someone like you would think you could screw millions of Americans and we wouldn't notice. Do your job, senator!
why do you hate democracy?
That it accurately describes the behavior of sitting U.S. Senators is what makes the statement "crazy talk."
It's crazy that there's been no open discussions & meetings, what gives?
I'm an Austinite & know from experience that John Cornyn is a Trump accolyte. He is vested in oil, gas & real estate hugely in Tx. Vote
The secrecy is really crazy, I agree!
Then #ShowUsTheBill. Have a hearing. Allow amendments, even if you vote them down. You know, how it's supposed to work.
Crazy talk? How so? No hearings and majority of your own party have not seen the bill or even the outline of it. That is crazy!
Republican members of the Senate don't even know what's in the bill that McConnell has fast tracked. You're the one talking crazy Sen Cornyn
Release the bill, discuss in the open, you know, like the process is supposed to work. Oh yeah, one more thing you work for us Mr. Cornyn.
I am a Texas voter, you work for me! RELEASE THE BILL!
Where is the bill Mr crazy talk?
What's crazy is you think Americans are going to put up with this crap.
Show some guts and show us the bill you are so afraid for the American people to see.
So can we see the bill then? This Texas resident would love it if his senator would show the bill. Or maybe make health care better?
Here's an example of crazy talk: you're a decent human being with integrity and compassion. To say that and mean it is just nuts. You=awful
If by "crazy talk" you mean *true* talk about a *crazy* situation.
DO NOT TAKE AWAY OUR HEALTHCARE
My Idaho Senators say they can't tell me what is in the bill.  Can you?
Why do you keep lying about this bill? You're a senator act Iike one. Show some class, couth and the bill.
In non Republican areas this is called "The truth"... Show us the bill Senator, what are you afraid of?
What is crazy is thinking you'll get away with it
Then #showusthebill
No it isn't. Literally no one in the Seant knows what is in the bill! They'll be voting on something they never read. How is this crazy?
I teach my students to prove what you say. Can you cite an example that refutes the historian?
#ShowUsTheBill
The sky is red.
Then do tell what's in the bill?
You ok, buddy? Off meds?
Release it.
You are creating an important piece of healthcare legislation in SECRET!! Stop lying about these we can see!!! You GOP LIARS. #Trumpcare
No, the fact that you think the way this bill is being handled is swell? That's what's crazy talk
crazy talk??? has anyone outside the little @GOP boys club seen it???
Hey, another one of your constituents here waiting to see the bill. Where is it bud?
I have no words for how angry this makes me. Your flippant responses to serious questions is CRAZY! Show us the damned bill, John!
I’m a constituent and a taxpayer and I want to see the bill.
@DavidLauter @NoamLevey @LisaMascaro NO! Its crazy U R unable to do the right thing. My Lord! R U ill!? U R the crazy one here.
Dude, show us the bill then. Tell us what goal it serves. Defend the damn thing.
Only god and @JohnCornyn can take a life.
will kill innocent children with his toxic healthcare bill. His vote makes him no diff than the Virginia shooter #amjoy #msnbc #cnn
What about it is crazy talk? Seems completely sane to me.
#ShowUsTheBill , ACA took months of public hearings. You let yourselves be outperformed by Democrats & skunked by extremists. #losers
Says the crazy man.
2009. HYPOCRITE, just like you Johnny.
WATCH: McConnell complains about Democratic health care bill "being written behind closed doors" in 2009. 
Fine - then prove him wrong. #ShowUsTheBill
#ShowUsTheBill Senator
Then pls cite the last time bill impacting so large a share of the economy skipped hearings, amendments & was held in secret till last hour
And you are a poster boy for term limits #Hack
@DavidLauter 
Seriously, other than Collins & Murkowski who will probably vote no, are there no other @SenateGOP members who will join them?
Nope.. Not crazy talk.  Bring the bill out into the light so I can see all the ways you are trying to make sure I die before I hit 60
If enough Republican Senators demand hearings we will all get to see the bill. Your silence makes you complicit in this abomination. #AHCA
Show us how crazy the talk is by publishing the bill -- or at least minutes of the meetings -- and scheduling hearing. #showusthecrazy
Show us the bill Senator!
Where's the bill? Your talk, is the only talk that's crazy.
The crazy thing is that the only people that get to see the bill is you good ol boys that are working in it.
What are you hiding? Ending Medicaid? Leaving 23 Million w/out HC? America is still a democracy!!!!#ShowUsTheBill
The responses to your tweet aren't real supportive. Do you listen to all the people you represent, or only the ones who agree with you?
It's reality. The GOP is hiding the bill. Democracy is not legislation in the dark. The ACA had 36 days of public hearing, Trumpcare ZERO.
What is crazy is that you refuse to hold meetings on health care.  I have met with your office twice.  Nobody can explain what you are doing
People of Lauter's stature don't need to lie or hide from the public. There's nothing but truth in his statement. Where's the bill, John?
Crazy to want to know what you're signing us up for?!? We'd be crazy if we didn't to demand to see it!
I think he means the bill, but I could be wrong?
then show us the bill you coward
What's crazy about it?
The bill is being done behind closed doors without hearings. Stop being divisive, and start representing your constituents!
Oh John. Your level of discourse is every day less educated and more appalling. Please try to live up to senatorial standards.
Really? Backroom deals that 13 people know about? Shameless
It may be crazy talk, but is it true?
No the interviews VOX did with six GOP senators on Trumpcare is crazy talk.
It is?  Where's the draft?  Where OBM report?  I think you guys can't govern. Every now and then the GOP needs to spend for health not army
What's it gonna take for you to work for the American people? what will it take for you to be non-partisan? Do your job, stop tweeting.
@DavidLauter @NoamLevey @LisaMascaro Great! When are the Senate hearings?
Yes, the truth is sometimes truly crazy.
This guy is in lala land
So Did you watch Nixon last night? Only 40 people served time in jail but NOT Nixon. Will you be one too?
You are the crazy one @JohnCornyn 13 white men deciding the healthcare of America in secret; gee what could go wrong there? EVERYTHING!
@DavidLauter @NoamLevey @LisaMascaro Doesn't anyone remember 
w/Obamacare "you have to pass the bill to see what's in it"?
Also a constituent... would love to know full details of the bill.
I know, right? So crazy GOP senate is handling things inthis secretive way-esp after oft calling 4 transparency in gov. Oh. Wait. U meant..
Nancy Pelosi said about Obamacare -"But we have to pass the bill so you can find out what is in it, away from the fog of the controversy."
Oh please @johncornyn. If Trump can't gaslight us what makes you think you can? 
#ShowUsTheBill
You're in position to refute this with a better response than "crazy talk". That response is "crazy talk".
Have you seen it?  Why can't you share what is in it with the people you represent?
Well, why is the bill being written in secret without a single woman or Dem on the committee?
Aren't you like the Republican Whip or something? Perhaps you have some control over this?
You're a complete disgrace. What elected official hides things from his constituents that have the potential to destroy their lives?
Where's the "crazy talk" part? They're NOT a group of GOP-only senators? They're NOT meeting behind closed doors? To what are you referring?
Whats craY is the refusal of Republicans to do what's right. The AHCA is crazy. And your crazy if you think we want to next term #yourabum
Geez Sen. Cornyn, by the look of these replies, lots and lots of people don't believe you and want you and the rest to #ShowUsTheBill
If it's crazy talk, refute it. We'll wait.
No, you are just crazy, so your crazy filter isn't working.
Very Nazi like.
Show. Us. The. Damn. Bill.
So show us the bill and come talk to us in Texas.
Instead of being flippant...why don't you listen to the perception your constituents have...or better yet, hold a Town Hall...#inhiding
The truth and facts are crazy talk Senator? Release the bill.  Texans deserve to know what you are scheming
No it's not crazy talk, it's the truth. U wonder why many R getting threatening calls. No one wants this bill, only 17% R in favor.
