How much contribtions from NRA will you return? How much from Wynn? Can you match DEM integrity - or shall you remain a shameless anti- American? We’re watching - closely. 2020 you’re outta.
S T E V E W Y N N
When is the GOP returning there dirty money ? First day of never
Hi Ellen good to see you support a serial sexual assaulter. Keep up the good work lady.
I don.t support this man Nice to see you support a serial sexual assaulter names=d Trump and he admits it too and you could care less
You support a lady whose married to a serial sexual assaulter and how took money from this guy.
You support and voted for a man  who also a  serial sexual assaulter and he admits it Whos taken dirty money from Bill O Reily  Roger Alies
Your such a foolish hypocrite you just admit to supporting bill Clinton. Silly liberal I know who Trump is..
And she took his money for her Senate run.
Could you tell me when the GOP is going to return the dirty Wynn money?
Your silence in Wynn is deafening.
What about Wynn
Got any comment on Wynn?
You've definitely been hounding the @GOP and your colleagues about that Wynn money, right? I know you haven't done it publicly but I assume you did it in private. No way you're that much of a hypocrite who just wanted to score cheap political points. Right?
I appreciate you drawing attention to when politicians do something moral.  Now you try.
Amazing. He now has the chance, and of course, complete silence. So much Wynning.

STEVE WYNN
What will you be doing with Steve Wynns donation??
I applaud Dem’s for this, how many R’s are donating NRA money to charity?
Let's watch, shall we?
#SteveWynn
Hey, Cornyn, I guess it's okay for the @POTUS' campaign finance manager Wynn to pay off a manacurist that he wanted her to take off her clothes. You're a close second to @tedcruz in the hypocracy you spew
What's the word, John boy? You got your hypocrisy on full throttle? Gonna double down on another pedophile?

#GOPHypocrisy
So, definitely you'll be asking R's who got $$$ from Steve Wynn to give it back, right? Because he assaulted women. Dozens have accused him& he settled a suit with one for $7.5 million. Thanks for holding R's up to the same standards. A grateful nation thanks you.
Hey John, you guys donating the money you got from Steve Wynn? Perhaps to a nonprofit that helps women who were sexually assaulted by asshole GOP billionaires?
Steve Wynn
How’s the RNC making progress in returning Steve Wynn’s millions in donations? #Hypocrite
Are you planning to give Back your donations from Steve Wynn?  Or are you a complete hypocrite?

Anything coward??????
And mega $$$$ from Mr Wynn? Anything to say Mr Cornyn?
You guys planning to return your disgusting Steve Wynn money now?
#the @GOPKnew
Any comment on Wynn? Or are you just sending thoughts and prayers
So, Steve Wynn was quite the rapey predator it seems.

Sometimes you need to ask yourself.. ‘will what I say today make me look like a total asshole in the future when it comes home to roost?’
What about your Wynn donations?
Where are you on Wynn donations?
And what about all the Wynn donations? What’s @GOP plan for those? I don’t hear a beep about him.
Wynn? I CAN’T HEAR YOU?
Return the Money! Or you will carry the stench of Wynn with you to your defeat in the next election!

How about Wynn??
Wynn. Wynn. Wynn. #TimesUp
Where ya gonna put #SteveWynn's dirty money?
Is it because their donor got exposed if he didn’t they would never have said anything or return the funds or donated it
Duh, because they wouldn’t have known....
Really you expect me to believe that then I am the queen of England!
WHEN will @JohnCornyn ask @realDonaldTrump, @GOP, @RNC, @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP to start returning the millions they received from #SteveWynn ?
#GOPHypocrisy
What about wynn!?
Will you donate any and all campaign donations from Steve Wynn to charities helping women who were sexually abused?
Steve Wynn?
Where’s your outrage today about rapey Wynn?   Hypocrite.
Democrats at least try. Republicans don't give a fight.
Any thoughts on Steve Wynn of @GOP? Waiting.
Steve Wynn?
And Steve Wynn donations?
Can we expect any of Mr. Wynn’s donations to be donated?
when will the @GOP do the same with Wynn's contributions? Blue is not my color so I won't hold my breath.
Steve Wynn says hi
Now if the the Republicans would do the same for Mr. Wynn we may be going in the right direction.
Well how about you with Wynn


N O W...THIS IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN CLASS AND CRASS. THE RAPIST RAPEPULICANS CAN'T EVEN SPELL IT MUCH LESS DEFINE IT!
And
WTF are Republicans doing with all the money Steve Wynn raised. These people piss me off. It’s al do as I say not as I do kind of mentally. 
WE'RE WAITING @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP 
@JohnCornyn @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOPLeader 
WHEN WILL YOU FOLLOW IN YOUR @TheDemocrats @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats FOOTSTEPS 
#Wynn
What are YOU doing about #SteveWynn
Why so quiet on Wynn, hmmmm. Or does he get a mulligan too? You are all so very shameful. Very.
What do you have to say about Wynn? Your hypocritical silence is deafening.
#SteveWynn
Have you received donations from Wynn?
Wynn?
"The @GOP demanded the Democrats return donations received from Harvey Weinstein. Wynn gave millions to the GOP. Will the GOP apply the same standard to their own party?" https://www.salon.com/2018/01/26/rnc-silent-on-millions-of-dollars-donated-by-steve-wynn/#.WmyDLbRPIwk.twitter … #MeToo #TimeIsUp
I know you have Wynn money... You keeping it for trips to Vegas and fleshlights?
STEVE WYNN.
Texas voters want to hear your opinion about RNC Finance Chair Steve Wynn. Will you speak out against GOP wrongdoers, or are you a partisan hack? Those are your only choices.
You have NOTHING to say about Wynn because you’re a #hypocrite & a #Coward!
What about Steve Wynn?
What about the money donated by Wynn? Where's the returning those donations? You hypocrite!
So much Wynning.
So all donations from Wynn going to be returned to a charity of your constituents choice? Might want to start running polls on where all the millions wynn's raised for you is going to go.
Time to rethink Citizens United and stop the evil influences on both sides of the isle to corrupt our elected officials. This is getting out of hand just how corrupt you are because your beholden & afraid of a few mega donors.
.@JohnCornyn .@dcexaminer Did you want to comment on RNC Finance Chair WYNN?
So when are you and @HouseGOP @SenateGOP donating your contributions from Steve Wynn
Senator???
What about Steve Wynn?
Have you returned your $$ from rapist Steve Wynn yet?
What do you say about Wynn?
#SteveWynn still Finance Chair of RNC
#SteveWynnPredatorRNCFinanceChair
When will you return Wynn money? #hypocrite
AT LEAST GIVE EM A CHANCE! THEY'RE JUST STARTING TO SORT THIS WHOLE THING OUT!
THE RAPIST RAPEPULICANS HAVEN'T EVEN SAID ONE SINGLE WORD Y E T! AND I BET YOU OH SO HOLY & PURE & SQUEAKY CLEAN CONGRESS PEOPLE WON'T MAKE A PEEP!
So you'll be returning any and all monies from Wynn, then? Right?
#HarveyWeinstein was NOT just a DEM donor & Clinton friend! #SteveWynn
#HarveyWeinstein was NOT just a DEM donor & Clinton friend! #SteveWynn 
When are you all returning Steve Wynn’s money?
Still #WYNNING, John? 

#BlueWave2018
Let us know when you start returning Wynn's money. Thanks, you vile POS.
hey Senator @JohnCornyn any comments for Steve Wynn`s sexual assault victim`s? What charities should GOP donate his contributions to?
And The Award goes to @JohnCornyn

Hey Senator, what about #SteveWynn?  You're sure quiet about him, and he makes Weinstein look like a freakin' boy scout.



What's your stance on Wynn?
Thoughts on Wynn? Did you accept donations from him and will you be donating them?
There is an acct for elected pols to payoff abuse victims. Why haven't you spoken about that?  Can you explain that to American taxpayers?  Have you spoken to your president about his hush $?
When Wynn?
And the money from Wynn, sweetheart?
What are you going to do about money donated by Wynn?
And those contributions to Republicans by Steve Wynne?
What about Wynn??? Is it ok to take that scumbag’s money?
Your hypocrisy is starting to show again 
The ethical party!
Any thoughts on that Wynn character? Any?
When will you call to return the money?

Any comment on Steve Wynn? He’s running the money at the RNC. Are all his donations to the @GOP gonna be donated to charity? Probably not, you’re the party of rapist, sexual assaulters and pedophiles. Keep that money to settle lawsuits.
What will you do with Steve wynn's contributions? Keep them because the head of your party is a.sexual predator also.
How about all this Wynning today for the Republican fundraising?
Where's your comment on Wynn?
And your Wynn contributions?

Are you going to give back your donations from #SteveWynn
Did you take money from Steve Wynn? Did your party?
What charity will your $$$ from Steve Wynn go to? I’ll wait.
So how much did Steve Wynn give you and your ilk? Can't wait to see you give it all back!
And a Wynn?
hey jerkoff, any comment on Wynn?  His RNC position?!  You're a real piece of crap.
What are you and @RNC going to do about your donations you all took from Wynn? Or any money raised by RNC? I hope you donate it all, every cent since sexual predator Wynn is the Finance chairman for RNC?

Wynn O Wynn will you tend to beam in your own eye? #DrainTheSwamp #FlushTheToilet
Whatabout Wynn?
What about your contributions from sexual predator Wynn?
Thoughts on Wynn? At least the president knows.
What say you regarding Wynn?
How do you feel about Steve Wynn?
Anything about your buddy Steve Wynn? I hear he's a real charmer.
Senator, where's that GOP Wynn $ going?
Nothing to say?
Where u at on Wynn? Busy tonight? No time to publicize your condemnation? We'll wait @GOP @HouseGOP
And about Wynn??
So Cornyn, did you get any money from Steve Wynn?
If he did, it would be the least surprising thing ever...except when he doesn’t return it.
You going to disavow Steve Wynn now? Get the @GOP to give back all the money, or at least donate it to women's health/rights/empowerment causes?
But what about Steve Wynn????
Just checking in on your thoughts on Steve Wynn...
There’s a lot of Stuff like this that goes on in Washington DC!
It’s happened for years!
Some learn from it and some don’t
How about Wynn? How many of GOP will be donating contributions?
Your turn.
What about WYNN??
Hey fool—nothing on rapey Steve Wynn?   So.  Much.  Winning.  
Single Show you Naked Photos and Videos.Find me there http://bit.ly/2DChZtc?DJS 
Roy Moore.
And Senator Cornyn will stay silent on pedophile @MooreSenate .  party over Country, party over integrity, trump over God.  Great TX representation.
And meaning here is???
@GOP nominated and elected Trump with $30M from the @NRA.
@realDonaldTrump
Democrats will pay. WEINSTEIN the guy who setup their fundraisers has been OUTTED! Hell & Hollywood & Hillary share "H".
That's a good thing right? Now continuing to take money from the NRA while Americans are slaughter, not so much.SHAMEFUL
So why don’t you work on impeaching 45?  I don’t care what violation you have to use...
Roger Ailes used @FoxNews as a his harem.
@billoreilly is back at his desk.
@brithume thinks women colleagues just can’t take a compliment
Actually did you vote for Trump after the video surfaced about his actions towards women in 2005?
This is a more direct comparison
What are you going to do with yours, buy some votes.
How about your "oinking at the public trough"?  Hypocrite!
https://www.publicintegrity.org/2014/06/16/14925/how-lobbyists-helped-build-john-cornyn-s-election-war-chest …    Kettle, meet pot, meet black . . . STAND up for your constituents please!
TOP INDUSTRIES 2013 - 2018 (Contributions to Cornyn)

Securities & Investment
$1,222,693
 
Oil & Gas
$1,102,715
Which is certainly more than I can say for the Senate Republicans that supported the election of sex ofender @realDonaldTrump.
Or Steve Wynn

Senator Cornyn, please donate the money you receive from the NRA to charity.
There are men in positions of power in all walks of life guilty of this. To try to make this seem like a dem vs GOP thing is stupid.
What are you doing with your NRA contributions?
@JohnCornyn - Republicans should give back bloodstained NRA donations, but you won't.  You just do their bidding.
That's wonderful. Now, the GOP should do the same with donations from the NRA. But they won't, because they are unethical.
And Republicans elected a mentally ill sexual predator to the White House and continue to protect him.
Why not do the same with your NRA monies
Why are you mentioning this?  You should work on passing healthcare, budget, tax reform.  DNC returning fraction of  Weinstein donation.
Are you returning or donating Mercer money?
That’s good for them, I’m sure you’ve made plans to donate your contributions from the NRA to charity as well
Get any money from Steve Wynn, senator?
Waiting for you to return your @NRA  donations or give to @Everytown.  Perhaps you're ready to wash the blood off your hands and repent?
Says the senator who lines his very own pockets with dirty money and who supports this clown

Why is the @GOP totally fine with Russia quietly taking over the United States?
Hey John, are you sure now is the time to be discussing domestic violence?  It's really too soon to talk guns, right?
That's good news John, how much Koch money are you giving to charity? Or are you working on some legislation?  Oh, that's right. . .
Well, that didn't age well.
Proud of #Democrats for doing this. Wish #GOP would follow their lead with blood-stained NRA big bucks.
Harvey is right up there with the guy in the White House. Never heard of him but heard about the guy grabbing P**sys
Can you even imagine a Republican giving that money to charity  Miserly old white guys find out that the NRA owns them, they’re like COOL.
When will you give back the NRA's money?
Holy shit --you take my from death merchants
I love all the anti-2A trolls. Thank you, Senator, for standing up for the Constitution, and for what I believe!
You and the rest of the GOP that supports Trump are hypocrites.
One year ago, the Trump "Grab 'Em By The Pussy" tape was released.

Let's review what Trump thinks about women:

…
But, yet, you continue to pander to the Sex Predator-in- Chief.
Cornyn serves pussy grabber tRump and works to destroy the rights of women. He supports the rights of rapists with DeVos

The left heard that Harvey Weinstein abused women & went after him. The right heard Donald Trump abused women & went after the women.

"Religious Freedom" means you can't be forced to deliver a wedding cake -- just a rapist's baby.  #HandsOffMyBC 
John,  do you still support "grab 'em by the pussy" Trump?  If so, worry about your indiscretions before you judge others.
GOP supports a President that exercises and admits to sexual assault. Soooo, glass houses
You are an abomination of a public servant. You support a traitor to this nation. I can't wait to vote again.
Why don't you donate your NRA contributions to the victims of the Las Vegas tragedy? You have no morals, ethics, principles or convictions!
Shut up!
Are you going to donate ur NRA money? They knew about bump stocks
Why worry about the splinter in their eyes when you've got a 4X4 in your own? #complicit
Weinstein and @realDonaldTrump are one in the same
Not at all the same as @realDonaldTrump. THAT guy is a serial sexual assaulter who YOU support to lead our country. Have some shame.
Great 2 see u give away some of the huge amounts u collect & go back to why u got into politics in the 1st place b4 u sold out
You self-righteous hypocrite— The man in the WH is on tape bragging abt sexually assaulting women, and ur his puppet. Bet u voted 4 him 2 
Respectfully,  your nra $30K to victims of LV is roughly 50 bucks each. Search your soul sir.
Hey some nut job with an arsenal killed & injured scores of innocent Americans - what are you doing with all of your NRA campaigns donations
I'll bet we could cure hunger or cancer if pols gave to campaign $ to charity.  If u really need to give to a pol think about = to charity
Thanks for sharing the positive and not bashing. I don't like your policies so much, but you've earned some of my respect recently.
Good! And you still won't retract your endorsement of the pussy-grabber-in-chief. Why do you still endorse him John?
68% of America can see the truth. The rest are the GOP base. Trump approval hits record-low 32% in AP poll.
Why do you endorse this John?
Why do you still endorse this John?
Will you donate nra money to charity? Or you follow in lock step?
