Sir your Texas and American Family say THANK YOU for your decision to go out and help your extended family. People like U make America good!
May these fellow citizens in our great nation prayers be for the victims of inclement weather conditions.#florida #houston #floods
RIP Sir...
Rest In Peace my Brother in Blue!! Thank you for your selfless act and I pray for your family who I know have just experienced a Hugh lost.
God bless him and his loved ones and thanks for his service
RIP HERO
RIP. I am so sad for Friends and Family. May God bless. Thank you for your service.
Prayers for the family and friends. Thank you for your service. You are a hero and great American

God bless
Sad.
MY GOD BLESS ALL GOOD LAW ENFORCEMENT MEMBERS BOTH PAST AND PRESENT AND THEIR FAMILIES! THEY PUT THEIR LIVES ON THE LINE FOR US EVERYDAY!
God bless this american hero and his family.
True American Hero. @Kaepernick7 should dream of being half the man he was.
Hey gang don't cover up the interpreter for the deaf with the tracking graphic.
This is terrible,why go to a flood if you can't swim? Just saying.what's the story on him
God Rest His Soul 
That is so very very sad indeed! He is definitely a ...
Sending lots of prayers.
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
RESPECT EARNED BROTHER.
Rest now. We've got this...
My thoughts and prayers to his family at home, hos many friends and colleagues. 
He knew he would be needed. This is what heroes are made of. A testament that chasing bad guys is a small part in protecting and serving.
Thank you for your service, RIP.
My condolences to his family.
I got bless the people in blue


So sad. Honored is right! 
RIP and I think they should do the same farewell to all the heroes that died trying to help/rescue other people

God bless'm - Every one.
This man is a hero & true American patriot!! May he RIP His father in heaven is saying to him. Job well done, my faithful shepherd 
Hats loff to Sgt. Perez!
RIP
It is so heartbreaking, love and prayers, to family, and every one at this sad time
@houstonpolice Thank you for all you do & RIP to Sgt Perez who laid down his life in service to others. My deepest condolences to his family
So sad.  No words to describe it.  God bless his family.
Rest in the arms of our Father. You will always be remembered
So sad
This officer's dedication shines out to people of Huston. Prayed for his family and fellow officer's
RIP God Bless Family and Friends
May Officer Perez rest in eternal peace. My sincere 
condolences to his family, friends and blue family.

Where is @CNN & @thenytimes ? Day 320.3   Prosecution Quashes Hina Alvi's Arrest Warrant #CongressionalSpyRing  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_F4wVnmWDO0&feature=share …
May God Bless & comfort this fine man's family, fellow Officers, & Friends. I SUPPORT our Police Officers & Highway Patrol Troopers.
I was raised to respect the police because of these things they do. They remind us when we do wrong, but they save lives too. Real People
R.I.P officer Thank you for serving our great nation. Deepest condolences to the family
God bless all of them.
R.I.P Sir, prayers for the family and fellow men in blue!
I'm sure the NFL and Kap are rejoicing that a cop was killed.
Along with the other NFL kneelers and their fake issues.. GO BLUE!!
Godspeed with your soul love and prayers for your family
Good and decent people are hard to find. God Bless him.
RIP brother, we will take it from here. #houstonhero #LEOlove
@tedcruz very sad
Thank You for your service 
Rest In Peace, brother. We've got if from here...
God bless
God bless him and his family
Hero 
God speed
Thank you for your courage and service
Prayers for hos family and friends.
Thank You For Your Selfless Service SirMy Heart&PrayersGoOut ToYour FamilyoXo
#PrayersForTexas
#BlueLivesMatter 
#GodBlessAmerica
Wasn't in his DNA to stay home when the call of duty was immense.God Bless him and his family.
RIP
PRAYING for God's comfort to be with you all! Heartbreaking 
Praying for all his family 
God rest his sole, may he rest in peace, god bless his love ones for there loss!
Tragic loss to all, bless his friends and family!
The definition of a true hero. May God bless his soul and his family!
Cornyn and Fox won't report this though..Dreamer’ died rescuing Houston flood victims | Raw Story https://www.rawstory.com/?p=1117128  via
Shhhhh,  silence libtard. This thread is about honoring the Houston PD's brave Sgt Steve Perez that died serving his community. Not about(1)
My thought and prayers are with his family, co-workers and friends! What a good man he was!

RIP Officer Perez, prayers for your family.. 
Thank you Sir
Our hearts & prayers are with the family and friends. A selfless hero has been lost.
RIP HERO,Texans praying for your family
True American Hereos!
Praying for all those affected by these ungodly storms:


Officer Perez thank you for your service Rest In Peace. Too bad @realDonaldTrump will never respect your hispanic heritage.
He was the color of law enforcement, 
Brotherhood of Blue. One Badge,  One Mission, One Team. 
Not about Me or I.
Thank you for your service and sacrifice! You are a hero to many of us!
RIP SIR, & THANK YOU 4 YOUR SERVICE. SENT TO YOUR FAMILY & FRIENDS.

A TRUE AMERICAN HERO@ALL LIVES MATTER
God bless him and his family! RIP!!!!!
supporting blue!
Fuck duh police! @nwa #NiggasWithAltitude Because we high as fuck right now!!
Rest in peace
rip
Thank you for your ultimate sacrifice doing a line of duty Sergeant Perez
my hometown has lost a valued treasure....

Truly a hero.

SAD DAY. RIP. GOD BLESS.. BLESS THE FAMILY MEMBERS AS WELL. 
My heart and prayers go out to his family and his brothers in blue. 

So sad.
Shalom Peace
How incredibly sad. for his family friends & fellow officers. May God Bless all of them.
RIP sir you are a shining example of the dedication and love LEO & 1st responders have for their communities and fellow Americans God Bless!

Prayers to his family, May he RIP. Thank you to all men and women in the USA who wear blue, and risk their life to protect us!!! God be w/u!
Love be with you Brother.  You are an inspiration to us all.
Praying for his family
RIP officer
Thank you for your service! Deep sympathy to all love ones and our country for his loss!
god rest his soul & his family. Also god rest Alonso Guillen. SHAME on @FoxNews for not covering this DREAMERs death
Prayers for this mans family.


Prayers to his family 

May RIP, thanks for the dedicated service to the community,  the well name of the Police force in help 4others & strenght to all his family.
Thank you to our women & men in blue, for putting your lives on the line every day.

Very sorry Officer Perez that ur watch has endedAt least it was during what u lovedMuch admiration for a career filled serviceGod Bless
Thank you for your service!  Above and Beyond the call of Duty
A Heroe's Farewell Officer Perez thank you for your service Rest In Peace.
4 Sgt. Perez/Family/Fellow Officers;he told wife Ive got work 2do; go rest high upon that mountain Sgt.Perez;ur job here on earth is done
Rest In Peace Sgt. Steve Perez!! Our prayers are with your family & your brothers & sisters in blue!! God bless all of you!! 
PIGS..KILLER POLICE #HurricaneHarvey #HurricaneIrma #Hurrocaneflood should ve' Flooded away all these dirty murderers in public pay roll...
Very heartbreaking
Respect! He is a hero.
Sleep well brother
Save a bit for this guy
God rest his soul and comfort his family
RIP Officer Perez. Thank you for your service.
God bless him and family.
Just so sad, he died a hero
PRAYERS! Rip!
I know there are funds being raised to help LEO who have lost everything during Harvey. It's a small thing but can we name them in his honor
That would be an amazing gesture!
IMPO - THESE ARE OUR LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS WHO ARE ENTITLED TOO OUR RESPECT - HONOR - THANKS !!!  -  through out the USA !!!  -  Jim
Respect and honor yes indeed!
How sad. We have lost too many of our men in blue the last 3 or 4 years.
Our loss is Heaven's gain! Please pray for his family & loved ones.
God Bless him and his family. May he Rest In Peace. #hero
God bless our brothers in Houston
Aii, some countries are blessed, police and military personnel die like 200, even the president keeps quite for a week
Sad for a brace hero. God. Less his love ones.
Heartbreaking.  My condolences to his family and friends.
Please note this selfless, heroic officer was named Steve Perez, not Mr WASP "my ancestors came here on the Mayflower". Respect.
T.Y for your service 
Pray for U.S.A. . I love the U.S.A. 
Thank you. God Bless!
Prayers for his family. RIP Officer 
RIP tyvm for your service
Blue lives matter! Sorry for Houston police Dept's loss
Very Very Humbling. Greetings Blessings Strong 

Trump is an empty rhetoric, just 2 keep his base energized
Btw Sandy and 9/11 victims still waiting for the donation
Day 6: Still unpaid. 
God bless and keep you safe in heaven 
Godspeed the healing your family needs
To his family, friends and all in blue.
RIP HERO,FOR WE KNOW THAT TEXAS OFFICERS DO THE JOB NO ONE ELSE WOULD DO FOR TEXAS,LIBERALS HATE OFFICERS BUT THE CONTINUE TO DO IT
<3
May he Rest In Peace and St Michael the archangel , patron of law enforcement officers, keep him under his wings. May our lord give strength
A hero! I salute u sir  
I am so sorry for this loss.  Thank you for serving.
Sandy and 9/11 victims also still waiting.
CHEATER IN CHIEF
Day 6: Still unpaid. 
A REAL hero gone. Pay attention Spike.
RIP
really heartbreaking
Global Warming.
It doesn't Sound Good, so to the GOP, it has to be a Lie.
They are Unable to Change.
 Unwilling to Understand.
To Dumb2Care.
God Bless.
RIP sir & thank you for your service.
So very sad. May he Rest In Peace.
Bless his soul
RIP sir
Amen absolutely praise God

Sad to see. Our hearts go out to Texas
