Yea right , believe it when I hear the money is given .
I wouldn't exactly call donnie john a philanthropist.  #RememberSandy #RememberWest   https://thinkprogress.org/white-house-walks-back-trumps-promise-to-give-1-million-of-his-personal-money-to-harvey-victims-4691cf5e6dd6/amp/ …
I will believe ti when I see it.
Good luck getting the money !
He offered 5 million to see Obama's papers, John.
I'll believe when I see it. Tell him no wall rebuild the coast. Here is a look at my home in Houston. We need help.
And here's mine.
Show me the cleared check.
From who? Is this like his other "charitable donations" from his foundation?
White House is "walking back" on that claim today, just as most of us expected. Be smarter, John.
My prediction; he donates the money and then you all claim you shamed him into doing it and he gets no credit for doing it.
I am certain u will keep track of this & inform the public when the trumPutin actually donates the money and it leaves his bank account
He is cutting millions from #disasterrelief and #FEMA and destroying #climatechange research and #EPA :THANKS BUT NO THANKS!
Wow, that's like me donating $75. Big spender...... #GrifterInChief
Yeah, why even bother.
Have you seen the check?  He never pays his personal $$ pledges.
Just forward a copy of the receipt c/o the American people when it arrives. Then we might believe it.
I'd keep eyes on that, The Pres., funny that way. Make sure it happens, and that you can see it.
Thought CNN was fake news, lol!  Will believe it when I see it - fake President , fake Senator
Perhaps you missed this https://thinkprogress.org/ 
I'll believe it when I see it. Please do not suck up to Trump.

Key phrase "to donate" let us know when the check has been cashed.
From his own $, or from his "foundation" that he defrauded & doesn't donate to? Just giving back $ he's illegally taken from citizens.
It's not his own $$, it's the $$ his foundation takes from donors. Please be honest about whose $$ he is giving.
Nobody trusts your word. Certainly nobody trusts the trumPutin's word. You are untrustworthy as a public servant. You are making photo ops.
Michael Dell is donating $36 million; is he that much richer than Trump?
He also REVERSED regulations designed to Protect infrastructure, from Flood like this. and TRUMP REVERSED IT, prior to this flood.
Kinda like $10 to me - if he's half as rich as he claims to be.  Not too impressive.
If you made a million dollars a year his contribution would be equivalent to your donating $3,656.
So what!!! Where's his soul?? He didn't talk to anyone!!
Sorry but that's chump chsnge 4 him.  He's supposedly worth billions.  I hesrd a story about someone from Houston giving their last $5 left.
Or he could donate the millions he costs taxpayers in his golf trips.
Lets see if he comes through, he only pledges, not gave.
I'll believe it when I see it accurately documented as Trump has a history of lies even about his past donations
You are impeding the generosity of folks to contribute to
Harvey with your cruel stance against DACA kids. Take a strong stand
NOW!
Thanks Trump.
He has a solid history of promising and not delivering when it comes to charitable donations.
We'll see it when we actually see it
Based on his past pledges, won't believe it until we see it done.
Rebuild Texas, forget the stupid wall for goodness sake. Get Real Senator, please!
...and, with GOP assistance, propose $800+million cut to FEMA budget. Amazing. MAGA and such.
Did I miss your million dollar donation? Ask your Koch dealers to throw in a few more millions while your at it.
If (you and) he'd just resign, I'd be so happy.  @JohnCornyn I'm one of your constituents.
Money probably is from other people who donated to his charity and not from him directly. He is notorious for this scam.
Senator, you should also donate one million dollars to the Red Cross  Harvey Relief fund.
NJ is still waiting for the 1M he promised after Sandy...
Or the money he promised after 911
Talking about Trump.  With the continued onslaught of Russian Collusion when can we expect the impeachment hearings?  Seriously, get to it!
Is the check in the mail?

He pledged it. Hasn't paid it. To what find or organization is he donating?
Money from his Russian money laundering
Sure he does, just like the media had to continue to dog him when he was going to donate to vets! Grow a pair and break up w/ him!
#Texans please read. Your reps & the #TrumpAdministration are removing protections for you. Now a plant is on fire.

Bullshit! This is just another http://lie.You  shld not post this stuff for your Orange Fuhrer. Stop spreading his propoganda.
To be reimbursed through charging rent to government employees....
#whataboutrussia?
Where's the check? "To donate" means he will not donate anything. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.

Yeah, John, J. J. Watts has gathered $10,000,000.
You are INCORRIGIBLE!!!
How REAL billionaires do it---Michael Dell, Tech Billionaire, Pledges $36 Million in Harvey Relief
John, you are just another mark.
"Art of the Deal" co-author: Trump won't actually donate $1 million to Harvey victims http://hill.cm/efa0cji  
After all it is just good marketing.
I wonder if that was the million he made of the cancer kids golf tournament fundraiser?
He should donate all his dirty money and repent.
Long history lying about donations to charity.

I'll praise him when I see proof he did it.
Buying votes. What a humanitarian
Show me the money.
Show us the money when you get it. He's big on promises that are never delivered
I will believe it when I see it.
Well senator shouldn't we "offset" that donation by reducing Medicaid, or Medicare or social security by a million or 2 miilion???
I'll believe it when I see it.
This is a win-win because there's no way to prove he didn't, and we all suspect he won't.  You're a wiley one, Senator.
@realDonaldTrump offered $5m for Obama's birth certificate ... how are feeling now  ? @txlege @austinstatesman @houstonchron @txdemwomen
any comment John ?
Don't hold your breath. He ain't much on keeping promises. And he definitely ain't much for charitable giving
I'll believe it when I see it.
it was a pledge, he hasn't yet
Not yet he hasn't. Still waiting on those tax returns.
a week late!and all his other donations were OPM funnelled through Foundation- still not impressed John @txlege @TXDemWomen @All100Senators
@Beyonce donated $7mil
I'm gonna need some verification before I believe he's done it.  He'll probably say he's got to wait for the tax audit to be completed
Why can't he donate it without the drumroll and fanfare? Just do it already.
A drop in the goddamn bucket.
Ok but what about Oregon? He's so driven by the media, as is @JoelOsteen @realDonaldTrump #HoustonStrong #AmericanRepublic #oregonfires
Wow the most usual thing he's done in his presidency.
Please @JohnCornyn stop, ugh can't even finish this. Just remember you were once morale, stop covering for this guy.
Like the million he pledged the veterans during the campaign and lied about having paid it?  Don't hold your breath.
Like the charities he says he's donated to that say they never got a donation?
I'll believe it when he actually does it. Let us know when that really happens, would you?

You do know how naive and quaint you are to believe he will actually follow thru.
Did the same to vets until media ask where's the money.
forces US to spend 30x that for secret service shilling for his golf properties
He pledged it. Big difference between pledging and actually paying.
Lol. Like all the money he donated after 9/11? Pfft.
$1 Miilion Dollars? That's like 3 weeks of secret service travel.
Only you John Cornyn would pretend to believe that he'll donate anything other than BS to the Texas recovery.
.@Fahrenthold I trust you will hold him accountable for this claim
John, do you STILL believe Trump's lies?  We know, you #GotRussianMoney

You will NEVER rep our state again, ever...
Thanks, but Texas does not want his money! Keep it. He's going to need it for legal fees. Believe me.
I thought Trump said CNN was fake news? So which is it?
Trump or the Trump Foundation with other people's $?
I'll believe it when I see a cancelled check.
Fixin to. Not done yet.
Is this going to be another one of those "donations" he doesn't make until the press calls him out after he tries to dodge it?
That's 1/100th of what he's trying to take  from the fed disaster budget to pay for a wall we don't need! Oh yeah...we should be so proud.
I'll believe it when I see it. Also, Beyonce donated 7 million. Isn't @realDonaldTrump a billionaire?
Wait?! He's going to take it out of his charity fund isn't he?
Are you sure he won't fill out a T&E report?
Wow sad when nobody believes him
Money don't buy empathy. DT lacks it big time
like in the past, he will ask someone else to pay that amount. Maybe his Russian buddies.
Tweet again when he actually does it. We'll wait.
Which Organization?
So giving back some of the taxpayer $ he's lined his pockets with from golf trips & dinners at his properties. Big of him.
Because, as much as I appreciate the $1 million from @POTUS, the #RainyDayFund has billions & billions are a thousand times larger than M's.
I won't hold my breath until it is done. It would be in character for him to donate $5000 in MAGA hats that he values as a $1000000
How much did you donate, John, to your home state *crickets*
one million dollars? From a guy who lies and claims to be worth billions? He costs the tax payrs more money for a trip to golf
I don't believe one word of your statement.
While requesting hundreds of millions of dollars in decreases to disaster relief programs.
Senator, before you return to DC to work on the #SupplementalAppropriationsBill, pls ask @GovAbbott what his plans are for the #RainyDayFund
I'll believe it when they actually receive the money
#fakefoundation
Yeah, after Sandra Bullock shamed his cheeto ass
Not to be ugly, Senator, but please hold him to that.
Please. Don't hold your breath, dude.
We saw this with his so called foundation.  He owes everybody and can only get money from banks outside the US!
I want to see the cancelled check
He is famous for bragging about making donations and then not making them. I know you like to promote him, but you know he's untrustworthy.
Trump could literally be filling sandbags with one hand and writing personal checks to victims w/ the other and idiots would still complain.
Show us the receipt and the cash check or else he's just lying again
Donald Trump doesn't have money to donate. It isn't is his own. He always uses other people's money to supposedly give to charity!
yeah john quit acting brand new
When pigs fly
Yep
As he should without fan fare . Charity is privately given.
Pledge not a donation.  Stop shilling  #integrity
A pledge.
It will be great if he follows through but still waiting for Mexico to pay for that wall.
HIGH ENERGY
Let's see if he actually pays it this time versus announcing it, getting credit for it, then stiffing everyone like he normally does.
The billionaire will donate $1mm, so pathetic. He's 'donated' before and the $$ never show. He never even met w/impacted Texans, disgusting
Knowing his track record, the check will bounce.
I will believe it when I see it. Make sure it is cash as I wouldn't take his check.
Is it coming from his foundation? You know, the one that pays for his sons legal defense?
We'all wait til the check clears before we celebrate.
Less than his profits from his D.C. Hotel that foreign interest stay in to gain influence. U defending him is disgusting.
how about he donate his resignation so we can get a functioning executive branch again? #harvey #shitshow #maga
What Trump says and what he does are often different, Senator.
Did his 2012 donation for Sandy ever come in?  Just checking...
That's it? After all he's taken from the American people. Charging the secret service for golf carts & stays in Trump properties.
Any "promise" he makes is laughable. Won't happen unless he's forced to by public pressure to prove it. Abysmal track record. 
Must be fake cause CNN reported it. Right Cornyn?  Just trying to help u stay true to Big Daddy Trump
Please let us know when he actually delivers the check. He's not known for paying his debts.
So where is it? Can't he just wire the money?  I'll believe it when I see it.
John, you should follow up and post if he actually donates. Until then:
I think you mean "donate"
Just like did to those Vets, huh?
Sure he is  I have to see prove to believe it
Meanwhile, he and his family r milking public office thats meant f the betterment of all Americans for his/their own bank accts.  Nice.
@potus 
#GRIFTER 
#DONTHECON
We'll See
I'm sure he'll get it written off his tax bill if he ever pays it. It's a pittance, Leslie Alexander donated $10M.
That's four million less than he offered for a certain birth certificate.
I want the millions he spent going to play golf in Florida and New Jersey back
And are you ok with destroying the lives of 100s of 1000s of people or are you going to #DefendDACA ? Step up! Do the right thing!
Who in their right mind would deport a young adult back to a country they never knew they were from?
These Grifters have already broke the Secret Service budget and are profiting from every lobbyist sucking up in a Trump branded property.
As if
Is 45 still under a routine audit?
He's pledged to do a lot of things and failed to follow through on many. #ShowUsTheMoney

Don't hold your breath. His record isn't too good on keeping promises.
This is a Fake News, right? @JohnCornyn

He also wants to redirect $1b in federal assistance to help pay for his stupid racist wall. What are you doing about that??
Floyd Mayweather gave $200 million asswipe
#fakenews
@JohnCornyn please stop trying to paint him as a good man.  He is not.  So@e@people are just bad people.  He is one of them
I'll believe it when the check clears.
Great!  Let's see if it actually happens!
we need well-funded public institutions that work, not funny money distributed whimsically by corrupt billionaires..
Meanwhile, @JohnCornyn didn't vote for other Hurricane relief packages, but now wants America to help him. #IDIOT #FU
That's less that one day of golf ...
Another scam #TrumpCrimeFamily
We take Cashier's check, money order and cash...only.
Would you mind posting the tax deductible receipt?  I'm an accountant and would like to ensure he's getting the full tax benefit 
