Do you honestly not understand how community rating works or are you intentionally clueless? Former is shocking, latter is sad.
And how much do all of us pay for the care of the uninsured when they eventually land in the ER?
I do in a very personal way - raise freezes every couple of years. Hiring freezes hospital-wide, too. It sucks.
It's bad because diseases we can CURE end up in ER in acute stages b/c people don't go to Drs because of $s.
But the free market will fix it. 
Free market doesn't work w/ health care because people will pay anything not to die. w/o solid bloc to drive cost down
Anyone on board with free market doesn't get health care AT ALL. It's a talking point only.
One Trumpsters spout endlessly when they can't explain it and don't even know what it means.
They're off on Laissez faire wet dreams, when it's been proven it only works on paper; esp for certain ind.
A rounding error as compared to the tens of Billions saved by reductions in uncompensated care... there has never been free care
part of problem, #Obamacare did not ensure 100% participation, and rising premiums made that impractical for many.
and of TX took the Medicaid expansion that # would be less & thousands more alive. #heartlessbastards
#FullRepeal
Where'd that money go?
Still hate the new ACA ! Dont want it ! You use it !!!!
as they should!!!!!!
Mandate should be an absolute requirement to really work.
I pay each time they don't have insurance.  I'm ok with that!  I vote in TX
And how many more had coverage? You are using a smokescreen and you know it. Just like Trump &Cruz.
#Townhall when?
#2020
freebeacon? What kind of news organization is that, this looks really FAKE!
libs care about the little folks is a big lie.
sounds like a mandated tax
@billpostmus @FreeBeacon Making Democrats happy.
How many millions did Texas taxpayers have to pay b\c  @GregAbbott_TX won't expand Medicaid or open state insurance exchanges?
john, stop bashing Obamacare, fix it! Your plan is DEAD, you lost! Fix what we have to HELP people! Vote this guy out of office.
Give it up already and fix it instead of repealing
work to imp ACA vs repeal. Start with enforcing indv mandate which makes risk pools sustainable.  Do your job!
ok
and your plan to put 24 million souls out of health care was better?? You are pathetic
ACA us a God send. We fought hard for it. The main reason for ACA struggles is GOP sabotaging it. Please stop!
how many lives were saved? How many more people received health ins & healthcare? How much in subsidies were provided?
But that doesn't fit Cornyn's agenda.
Do you feel bad for selling out your constituents?   #LastTermCornyn
Because Texas didn't do its job
Preliminary data shows that to be about a million less people paying the penalty than in 2014. That's excellent.
In stark contrast, a single billionaire who pretends to be the president has paid zero federal taxes since 1995. #perspective
And they would have paid $0 into the INSURANCE pool otherwise. Taxpayers/consumers would pay 100% of uninsured, unpaid bills
and therefore 24 million could be covered! We are one nation and one people!!
still better than the GOP's plan. Tick tock, elections are coming.
What would that number have been if states like Texas had expanded Medicaid coverage? Republicans blocked that protection.
its a tax. We are ok with it.
doing the math $470/person.  How much would Trumpcare cost those taxpayers?
Seems reasonable to me. People shouldn't be able to decline health insurance then use ER and hand bill to taxpayers
still trying to kill #ACA? It is a lifeline to many Texans. Meet with us. We will tell you!
. You sold out !!!  On all Texans who wanted their privacy protected.
. Great !!!
enough to build a <100 mi wall w Trump moniker on it.  And your point John?  How much federal taxes paid in 2016?
Senator Cornyn, will the IRS & Congress be returning the penalties Americans were fined as part of ObamaCare Repeal?
The US had a TERRIBLE healthcare delivery system. Even the small improvement of the ACA helps millions of Americans
We need the wall. Do not block funding.
.@JohnCornyn @FreeBeacon Good so keep Meals on Wheels!
Not real news
contrary to what the Scotus says this is a tax, and an illegal one at that.
are you starting to see a trend John? I know it's hard to see the masses when your head is so deep in special interest pockets.
Congress should rebate those penalties.
and how many tens of millions had healthcare that kept them from going bankrupt? 20 million. That's phenomenal.
Cornyn's got the sads coz his big insurance CEO pals couldn't get their greedy mitts on that dough.
Hey there! A little help with that math:
And the majority who had a penalty still received a tax refund.
then why didn't you make THAT the focus of revising the ACA? You might have had the bipartisan support you always claim to want.
Maybe you could use that $ to help Americans (& particularly Texans, since we have the highest uninsured rate) get healthcare.
Please let your internet provider post your entire browser history for your entire family for all of us to see?
In 2007, medical cost accounted for 46.2% of all bankruptcies. We all paid through higher care costs. #POTUS44
this is a good thing John. They don't get to pay roulette with my money. It just takes a few to blow up our healthcare
fyi they chose to pay. When are going to tweet in defense drunk drivers or murderers ? The law is the law.
#fakenews
what are we paying for Golf weekends?  How about the First Lady security so she can avoid her husband?  Open your eyes
we want healthcare for all! We want independent investigation into Russia. We don't want our privacy sold. What about you?
6.5 million deadbeats that expect me to pay for their daily health risk, you mean?  Good.  Raise the penalty.
Sir, you & the GOP had 7 years to create a great plan. Odd how that didn't happen, isn't it?
Once again, @FreeBeacon is a conspiracy rag. And once again, if that's going to HHS then it's still paying for medicine.
...or less than$500 each.  How much in unpaid public medical bills did these people run up? How much did I pay for THAT?
that is robbery. Full repeal! Remove Title One language to alleviate this.
...And trumpcare would have lined your rich buddies' pockets with how many more billions of dollars???
And - who is paying for the ridiculous wall? MX or the taxpayers? Your next town hall is?
How much were taxpayers billed for corporate welfare? All the ridiculous witch hunts previous 8 years? Hypocrisy.
@CNN @cnn since January 20th taxpayers paid that in TRUMPS trips/vacations/golf. Most paid to TRUMPs pocket his owned business
Now if we bulk up that penalty and fix ACA, more of those 6.5m would get insurance.
gop trumpdontcare plan attacked the working class elders children but gave tax breaks to the wealth...party loyalty

Republicans had 7 years to come up with a better plan.
I'm one of them!
Why do you expect other people to pay for your daily health risk?
Obamacare sucks. Can't afford
max 9.5% of your take home.  Suck it up.  I don't want to pay for your health risk.
we can't get healthcare. You guys do something!
May be as high as 8 Million...
had Texas expanded Medicaid coverage at the time, I probably wouldn't have had to pay it then. I have new job and insurance now
I paid $26,000 in penalties, AKA premiums. I do every year. I go nothing for it. Safe drivers paid billions for nothing too.
You are not buying services, you are buying risk mitigation which you use everyday.
after my $6000 pp deductible. Which is the intent of ACA. Ppl pay penalty and show up sick anyway. We absorb cost.
I agree it doesn't work but nor does nothing. GOP bill was a joke. Workable models globally. Greed isn't a model.
how much of that is being used for 45s vacations?
$38/month per person. You better believe that is much less than the surcharge insurance companies would impose for lapses in coverage.
The individual mandate is bad, but all of Obamacare is bad. Stop using the tax code for social engineering. @JohnCornyn
what benifit do your constituents get for YOU voting to sell our browser history?
& GOP had a shot at Repeal & Replace & they are sad they couldn't do it. So fix it. Nothing to loose but a happy constituency.
we are pissed you voted to allow our ISP shit to be sold. Really? Free in America and u literally sold us down the river
7 years your party had to put together an alternative and you STILL haven't been able to solve it.
how is this different from mandatory car insurance or mandatory flood insurance?
.@JohnCornyn Well then, I'm glad they complied to the law of the land.
Americans are losing the freedom our founders fought and died for!
the freedom to have other people pay for their risk? I don't remember that one.
I meant losing freedoms by having the govt dictate what we choose to buy
like my freedom not to pay for deadbeats' daily health risk?  Oh, wait.
why aren't you bragging about wanting to sell my browser history? You owe Texans an explanation.
Don't worry.  We will crowdfund buying /his/ browser history.
stop obsessing about the individual mandate and focus on what actually made insurance insolvent and not worth buying
yeah,lawyers!
Maybe they would have been better off just buying health ins?
One statistic alone is useless
They should have bought insurance - it was their choice.
That is why we gave you the House, Senate and Presidency. #FullRepeal NOW. @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan
But it's okay that an uninsured goes to the emergency room and that cost is passed on to insured? That's like saying
shoplifting has no effect on store's pricing.
The concept of shared burden just seems to elude you in almost all aspects of domestic life.
yep cost of uncompensated care results in cost shifting. we must have car insurance, why not health insurance?
it's a tax.  I mean penalty.  I mean tax.
It is most definitely a tax.
"if we called the mandate a tax the law would have never passed".
forcing surcharges w/ACA replacement wasn't a better option.
A better deal than what we're being taxed to pay for your salary.  #townhall
Hope those fines were used to fund Medicare and Medicaid. @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible
Medicare for all!
