No but no one needs a weapon like those he used to protect themselves or kill a grizzle ask DeVos Please resign
Cornyn if this doesn't make you vote no for your absurd tax bill which cuts medicaid, you are inhuman.
Wade has #CerebralPalsy. His story inspires me to fight for every American to have the healthcare they need. https://youtu.be/DzA83Jj_wcA 
Well, let's see, you should start with a ban on the sale of assault weapons. Why are you letting citizens to have more fire power than cops?
You must close the loopholes for private sales and sales at gun shows.
Enforce the regulations to remove all weapons from the scene of DVs.
Your strings are clearly maneuvered by the NRA, Koch brothers, the Mercers, and Bannon.
That's like saying "no law will make airline travel safer"...right after 9/11
Still doesn't mean we shouldn't have some form of common sense gun laws
Nice diversion there though...blaming your complete incompetency on someone else's thoughts and opinions...
There were 5 & 6 yr olds in Newtown who would be alive if you did your job & ban automatic weapons Stop taking NRA money. It has blood on it
And no laws stop illegals, which is why we need a wall, John.
Interesting to see who funds Senator Cornyn.....
Stricter gun laws & holding gun stores responsible 4 large purchases of automatic rifles could have prevented it.

Would that @JohnCornyn had the same integrity and courage as @SenBobCorker!
No prayer has helped
Please don't hurt our second amendment.
No current law would have. Stop misquoting. Fix the laws that allow this to happen. Hell, join Bob in standing up to Trump!
U R funded by the NRA. Doesn’t support stricter gun laws. Wants 2 legalize silencers & bumpers.Lifted the bill so mentally ill can buy guns
Senator.  Let me ask you. What are you plans/policies to stop mass shootings?
And yet we still pass laws for many crimes?
Curtailing how many military style weapons a person has could have helped.No one needs military style weapons except military & police
It would if we ban automatic weapons. You cant use what you dont have. Guns are deadly toys for little boys. No one should have them
Laws won't stop every idiot with a gun but if we did not have automatic weapons available to the public not so many people would be dead

For many of those injured in the Las Vegas mass shooting, another nightmare has just begun: soaring medical bills. 
But a law can stop abortion after 20 weeks; but you don't care. Not a priority to Senate? Shame on you sir.
Evidently you won't do anything to stop this admin from raping us with the cost of private jet travel and golf outings.
We need people with ideas in government. Somehow Australia solved their gun problem, but it's too hard for our politicians. Give me a break.
How much $ do you receive from the NRA, Senator? How many mass shootings will be too many for you? Do your job or resign.
Clearly you need to look over the data on Australia again.  Do your own homework.
The question is exactly how hazardous do you want the weapons someone like him would have access to?

'You’re a Quadriplegic’: A Las Vegas Victim Faces a Hard Reality - The New York Times
https://apple.news/A_TsEKzVaSEO8jKdmoPhLmAhttps://apple.news/A_TsEKzVaSEO8jKdmoPhLmA …
Right. No CURRENT law would have prevented it.
Maybe if there was a LAW that guns are registered, someone with FOURTY SEVEN might have been stopped...or maybe a LAW against Bump Stocks 
Maybe
And probably true, does it mean nothing should be done besides wait for the next massacre? No.
Hey don't tell Australia...they think they have this whole "mass murder" thing figured out...
Why don't you change your focus to what Would stop the shooter.
#RenewJonesActWaiver
"It doesn't matter how I would have voted, these people STILL would have died" is what you're saying. Wow....... you're a disgrace.
Nope. It is what America is. We are the country of multiple mass murders, over and over and over. It's what makes the US unique. 
Again,  you are a LIAR just like your Fuhrer.
Terrific Tell that the grandma's 3 yr shot killed himself getting gun from her & accidentally pulling the trigger
People get murdered a lot. We have laws against that. Those laws can’t prevent a murder. You still address it.
So Americans are just inherently violent?I don't believe that. You do not see shootings like this in other countries that have outlawed guns
Death penalty doesn't stop killings; however, reasonable people can do reasonable things 2 minimize killings. Hold townhalls 2 hear some.
This is how a politician says “I’m doing nothing”. No law can PREVENT a crime. Laws can only discourage crime. We have drunk driving laws...

 
And she's right.
But taking legal weapons away from lawful citizens would have?
Possibly because the Dickey Ammendment is preventing the CDC from researching gun violence?

Why does the GOP fear educating the population?
The law of Automatic Weapons being allowed in the US, control Long & Short guns
Better security would of caught him.
I can't believe a politician actually realises that.
Meanwhile, some in the GOP are finally speaking out. Amazing how retirement allows one to speak truth.
Problems too difficult for Cornyn to solve: **All of them**. Vote these losers out. 2020.
That's total BS and you know it. All of you including @SenFeinstein owe the country more than this pansy bill.
No law would have stopped Bonnie & Clyde either...but Texas Rangers still went after them. John u fail on so many levels!
You have so soul left in you. Have you stopped dreaming? Texas deserves better than Cornyn and GOP.
Maybe we found someone n congress that has some sense!Not always but at least it comes 2 her once n awhile! Waters, pelosi, & Schumer:NEVER!
You didn’t read that whole article did you, John?
Please retire.
That's because your party has singlehandedly taken up the cause of the NRA. You have blood on your hands Johnny. Again.
Per Feinstein, we need a law and needs UR support to outlaw bumpstocks.  Gather UR republican buddies and support. Interest does nothing.
Although countries that have stronger gun laws have fewer incidents.  States that have stronger gun laws have fewer incidents.  Go figure....
Great leadership skills, John!! Wow!!! "Nothing would have stopped it so too bad"  You earned yourself another vacation day with this tweet
Keep taking the blood money John...sleep well.


I bet you taking money from the NRA will keep you from doing any damn thing that will prevent this in the future and keeping us Texans safe.
I bet a gun registry would have alerted you to a mass quantity of guns and begin some level of suspicion
I bet a law against bump stocks would have prevented the AMOUNT of damage one man could do.
Well by all means..sit on your hands and do nothing this go-round.
But it would of  SIGNIFICANTLY limited deaths/injuries. Ask those injured/those who lost love ones. Many may would be alive if #GunControl
No one needs to be able to get off hundreds of rounds of bullets in seconds.So #GunControl would save LIVES. But your going to support NRA
Over saving Americans lives since you take money from them.  SHAMEFUL/IMMORAL #GunControl NOW it will save lives.Do nothing not an option!
Perhaps... but reasonable regulation which prohibited the ownership of dozens of guns may have helped.
So that's it a John?  Nothing you can suggest?   Just give up?
Ahem. No EXISTING law. Imagine if the FBI/ATF could know when someone had acquired a large arsenal in a short amount of time.
Twisting & Bending words per usual senator
After 9-11, people got to work to make our country safer and prevent terrorism. We can do the same for gun violence.
That's why we need laws that will stop it from happening again. It is lazy and idiotic to simply do nothing.
This is y we need to vote this kind of incompetence out..old white men with same old same old
Keep out NRA & religious zealot groups
No *existing* law! “Regulations aren't going to do it. We need a law," Feinstein said.
You've been in Congress since 2002. What have YOU done to find ways to stop gun violence? #nothing
Look at how not helpful you are.
My bad. I see you tried your own amendment, but couldn't get your other gun loving R's to vote to protect us.
She’s right - so now you can give up on gun control.  Such laws are a violent threat to law-abiding citizens.
Nice try, Cornyn.
We people of Texas are sick of your excuses. Stop taking money from the NRA and do your damn job.
We already know that, it's the Left doesn't
You need to start by giving your NRA blood money to the CDC to fund legitimate gun violence studies.
I see you’re laying the groundwork for doing nothing to stop future attacks. I look forward to reminding people of your failure on this.
Which is why these mass shootings happen all the time in other western countries... Oh wait.
How exactly does one live with oneself being a shill for the gun lobby?
No one is saying we will "stop" them, you genius. We are saying we should make it harder and easier to spot the bad guys, Johnny boy.
How about a law that limited ammo purchases? Or that tracked purchases of multiple weapons that were assault weapons? If Saudi would we?
May be true but its a start. Since you are in
(2) NRAs pocket we will not know. Common sense gun laws, background checks for all would be a start.
Of course not, but it is YOUR responsibility to try SOMETHING, ANYTHING, until there is a change.
Republicans have a lifetime opportunity to lead our nation away from tyranny, i.e., Democrat rule. Squandering  it.
And for once she is correct. I am a shocked
YOURE DISGUISTING. the @GOP must go
Imagine a black guy or a Muslim carrying that many big guns into a hotel room. They wouldn’t have made it ten fucking feet!
You're still playing pol games assuming constituents aren't paying atten & everything isn't searchable. Video 2013 https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4685152/dianne-feinstein-bump-fire-stock …
You don't even try. #cornygoals#nrarube
Every once in a while, she actually makes sense.
I'm sorry. To have no regulations on guns is insane. There is a way to reduce the gun violence in this country which is unprecedented. Guns are America's God.
why are you a legislator? Your acceptance of mass shootings is appalling. Fix it or get a new job #TX21
No law would have stopped it. But you can get rid of bump stocks so the next time isn't as bad!
Stop the next one. Most people want sensible gun laws. Just not the NRA.
Then, why make laws at all? If laws won't stop someone from doing something, why bother at all? Is that your stance, Senator?
No law CURRENTLY PASSED. My god, do you ever get tired of lying?
Well no, probably not since this nut has been able to stockpile weapons at will for so long. Do your job.
Feinstein admits gun control doesn't work, yet she calls for more gun control. We need to move past this and find some real solutions.
And how much does that matter to you?
Then why do anything, right? Just sit there and bleat about the 2nd amendment to rile up your base. 
Not that you've tried, you NRA shill. You're a shame on our state and country. Going to vote you out soon! #votecornynout #cornynisamurderer
How many fewer people would have died had he not had access to rapid fire weapons? Please be honest with yourself.
Doesn't mean we shouldn't have stronger laws, or allow CDC research into gun injuries as a public health issue. How much does NRA pay you?
high capacity magazines ban wld have reduced carnage/dead. registry wld have alerted law enforcemt he was stockpiling
A new law could have reduced the number of fatalities. Thankfully, I know how to read more than the first paragraph. Do your job.
Except a law keeping a registry of gun & ammo purchases Just seeing an increase of expenditures could have put him on the radar of the law
Tracking sales of long guns,prohibiting the bump stock,and a ban on assault rifles would prevent such efficient slaughter. /1
You, @tedcruz, @RepMcCaul & your compatriots traded lives for money and power.  You, like Trump, are headed straight for hell.
Are you in favor of keeping bump stocks legal and available or not? Make a statement. Let Texans know where you stand, so they can judge.
Same can be said for abortions but you do t seem to have a problem legislating those. Hypocritical cop out
She’s going to catch some flack in CA for that
Seatbelts don’t prevent all car accident deaths either but that doesn’t mean we do away with seat belt laws. DO YOUR JOB to protect people
That's not the point.  Must show some regulatory tightening to change culture as well as send a responsible message
But removing access to some/all of the types of guns he used might have slowed down his process...fcuk you @JohnCornyn
How much has the @NRA given you this week? I wonder 
Here’s your big chance to prove the Dems wrong! Get serious about trying  to solve the problem for a change.
But how do we even know that if we never do ANYTHING.
Now that you are aware of the issue, perhaps in your JOB as Senator you could see if there is a way to reduce the chance of future attacks.
Laws on the books today would not have stopped this. But outlawing bump stocks & AR15s might prevent a massacre next time.
Are you talking about Mr. Obama approved bump Stocks?
Let's change that, shall we?
Yeah, if he really was the shooter.
How may I lie to thee? Oh let me count the ways.

You're not being honest John.
Feinstein is fucked in the head.
Okay, so what do you plan to do about it? Arm more assholes that run and shit themselves when it happens?
Our country shouldn't have any laws because only law-abiders would be following them.
I'm tired of your lame excuses. If you don't try, you'll never know. Assault rifles only put LEO's & citizens at risk
Sen. Cornyn. The truth has to be placed in the fore front. Behavioral/Mental Health has to be discussed for all Veterans/Civilians
Bright caring Senator. She should be working with NRA for solutions. But female Democrat. No chance,Mitch would have Fit,NOW in charge.
Lol how about a law with no rifles in hotels?  Wtf?? Is everyone losing their minds?
I'm so glad she can figure out the obvious.
Federal law WOULD've prevented this. Limit gun/ammo purchases, guns to single-shot, do universal background chks, buy-back semi-autos.
No, the killer passed dozens of background checks. As for your other suggestions, disarming good people doesn't make us safer. #gunsense
What does Bob Corker say?
Yup, Cornyn shrugs and says "oh well, nothing can be done."
We had fewer mass shootings under the assault weapons ban.
There are laws that can stop this if you’ve got the balls to use them. #25thAmendmentNow
There is a law on the books to #ImpeachTrump though.
Maybe a law would stop the disaster in the whitehouse. Do something. Quit tweeting helpless tweets
Hey John, how about calling out @VP and @POTUS for that colossal waste of taxpayer money they spent on Mikes little walkout stunt. Shameful!
I.e. no laws work.
