10 semi trucks. 
4 locations. 
Countless incredible volunteers. 
Just the beginning. 
Unless they're Dreamers.  You're just going to watch as they are ripped from their families and rounded up.
You say that like it's a bad thing
Not me; Jesus would think so though
@AgedMid show me one place where Jesus says 'give those that break the law a free pass'
Oh I just meant that he was a middle eastern Jew and wouldn't be welcomed.  And I figured since he's imaginary to it's a moot discussion.

Remember when you, .@riverblind, acted like a complete jerk in the moment of huge crisis? If not, reread your text.
Not from Texas but I have been there, nicest people you could meet. Prayers for Texas
If you kick the shit out of a Texas GOP senator , you can send what's left home in a shoe box.
More help than potus!
In my prayers
Thank you sir for your faith, Leadership, and commitment.  You are a true friend to your constituents and your country!

climate data Trump deleted from government sites sure would be useful in predicting and preparing for this stuff.
oh yeah?  How so?  How would you have interpreted that data to prepare?
Texans are people who majority love the Lord, though Texas experienced this test of faith & obedience to the Lord,He will see Texas thru it.
My friend south of Houston said cleaning supplies are in need. Stores are low or sold out. Our church drove a load of a bunch yesterday.
when your professional athletes do more to help people than your politicians do...#Houston, we have a problem.

#SuperStormSandy will follow you into eternity. Shame on you for turning your back on #Americans.
A retweet does not equal you actually helping.

Quit flapping your mouth, sitting in front of cameras roll up your worthless sleeves and help! 8 straight years of mouth flapping zeroaction
You are the most wise vote in Congress! Keep doing so. The ignorant/hateful/uninformed are the demise of the USA.
Nothing will prevail Ted, without Strong EPA, and regulations designed to protect infrastructure from floods. Your Pres.,reversed both.
and New jersey ? haven't seen you roll up your sleeves yet @All100Senators @RepBetoORourke @TXDemWomen @TXlege
Sure jump on his wagon you're just an opportunist Cruz
Just to let you know FEMA is a joke federal assistance is a joke. No one has a clue on any questions you have.
Remember when you voted against Hurricane Sandy relief?
I saw Lyin Ted Cruz squirming on TV as he LIED that Sandy relief was 2/3 pork. He is a pathological liar & Tx should vote him out Bigly

Wow. This tweet just went: BOOM. Wouldn't U agree Lyin' @tedcruz ? U disgusting Sh'mmMUCK! #losecruz & Support @RepBetoORourke @BetoORourke
Amen senador CRUX BENDICIONES
Ted, we here in Texas got this, could you see that Montana lap gets the help they need.
Nice job bowing and scraping before Donnie Two Scoops, Raphael.

I guess you're fine sucking at the Federal teat now, but not for Sandy!
@JJWatt I noticed most of the help was done by racist white men. sarcasam.
AMEN
Ted! Are you going to vote down any government assistance for Harvey as you did Katrina? What goes around, comes around...
Praying hurricane veers away from yall.
JJ Watts rocks. Ted Cruz you suck!!

Pleases listen to this Patriotic song
Everything is bigger in Texas. Even how repulsive their leaders are.

Americans persevere and together we all will prevail...GOD Bless Texas
Very amazing JJ Watt
Why you keep posting Ted nobody likes a spineless Texas weakling.
With Ted Cruz & President Trump this country is turning in to what God intended for it to be,U.S. 1st baby U.S. 1st @realDonaldTrump
What are you going to do about dreamers.
For God's sake do something.  I thought you were Mexican when I voted for you, boy was I wrong.
Too bad you need federal dollars to rebuild
Your posts are silly.
Indeed. And they will persevere through your downfall as God destroys the Little Horn Trump & the GOP BEAST:
JJ gave $100000 & has raised almost $20mil, amazing! You? Demand @GovAbbott use TX $10b rainy day fund b4 accepting fed $.
Just don't add any pork to recovery bills you ginormous hypocrite!
Go back under the rock from which you came
Term limits !
Hey, remember that time when you voted against Hurricane Sandy assistance under the guise of fiscal responsibility?
Remember about that talk of succession and stuff. How socialism sucks. Small gov't and no money for Sandy victims. #TedCruz POS.
WHEN the FEDERAL GOVERNMENT SAVES their government hating asses!
How much money do you need from the rest of us to persevere? Remember when you had a problem with Sandy relief?


The man from lufkin here on daca that lost his life rescuing people in Houston should be recognized and receive citizenship. He gave all
In spite of Cruze loser
Kudos to @JJWatt and the private sector. Pls don't vote to rob us, Ted. Time to show your principles and keep the Feds out of bailout-mode.
#BetoFor Texas #BetoForSenate #Beto2018 #TurnTexasBlue
Heroes help others in Houston.  I'm proud of America! Most generous & helpful nation on earth!
Yes they will
You are the natural disaster Texas should rid itself of Cruz. You are a  grande 


I'm glad Texas is refusing Government welfare. Ted Cruz personally donates $1ml to the @RedCross #nyvalues
Vote deplorable Cruz out!
Not because of you sir it's our love of God and country
Hopefully the people of Florida can come together and be their own first responders as well.  Prepare now!
This is the the result of PEOPLE giving without bureaucratic bullshit of church and state
Ted you are awesome!  
Good people facing a crisis & pulling together to rebuild & go on!  God bless them all!  R prayers are with them!
Yes. And Irma is heading to my door and I'm stuck with 2 panty waist senators and a turncoat governor. We are in big trouble in Florida
Please Ted.  Low profile. Even Rick Santorum polls slightly better than you though the ZIKA virus is more popular than you both.
@JJWatt IF SOMEONE TOLD ME THT MY FATHER WAS INVOLVED WITH JFK ASSASSINATION, I WILL HONOR MY FATHER & HONOR HIS NAME.NT BETRAY HIM
Are you going to vote NO on hurricane relief like you did on Sandy:?
@JJWatt  So do the mosquitoes 
Stay strong. You are one of the few Rs I still support. Keep up the good work. America is with Texas, they rep the best of us.

You're a weasel, Ted. Anything you can latch onto, any coattail you can ride, there you are.
Well said!!!
How it's supposed to be. Nice work Texans!
We will survive. Even when we have a damn illegal immigrant Canadian bugging us down.
Yes.  No matter how hard you, @JohnCornyn and @GregAbbott_TX make it for us.  We still manage to persevere.
No thanks to you or your party...hypocrites.
Hey Ted what are you going to do about the Arkema explosions and our flooded Superfund sites? Your constituents are waiting for an answer.
Why aren't you doing anything to help dreamers?  We need your support to keep these citizens here.  Do it for your  country and not GOP
no thanks to you
Even the #daca recipients are helping #SaveDACA!
Thanks Mr. Zodiac. I love you :)
You mean Cruz has confessed to being the Zodiac Killer! Wow! First his father killed JFK now this.. maybe Ted will do favor turn himself in!
Who said anything about him being a killer? It's my nickname for him because he has such a good horoscope. #astrology
Will you be ready to support Florida in a week when Irma hits?
Romans 5:8
But #God demonstrates His own #love toward us, in that while we were still #sinners, #Christ died for us.
John 14:27
Peace I leave with you, My #peace I give to you; not as the #world gives do I give to you. Let not your #heart be [1/2]
troubled, neither let it be afraid. [2/2]
