Projecting again, are you.
Is the source none other than Christopher Steele, the former MI6 agent that put together the fake, unsubstantiated dossier given to McCain?
Just this past Monday the same Clapper testified, under oath, that there was no evidence of collusion between the Trump team and Russians.
You mean you eroded protections. Your party is burning. You have betrayed us.
#TrumpRussia
#RICO
#CountryOverParty 
#Coup
#HilaryburnedBernie
#HilarynegotiatedUSuraniumtoRussia
#Hilary'sillegalunsecurdehiddenserver
#Hilary'smissingemails
#IRStargetingpatriots
GOP is complicit in foreign attacks on free & fair elections in the US, & don't give a shit about everyday people.
Yeah, let's don't mind Hilary's outright stealing the primary election from Bernie Sanders, the nefarious dealings that cost DNC chief's job
You followed racist leaders into the abyss of GOP nihilism & gave us the disaster Trump, historic failure.
I prevented final, total destruction of the greatest country on earth by NOT voting for Hilary Clinton. The union is secure once again.
Keep on "winning," Hero. Constitutional crisis is awesome.
I will. Every chance I get. You and yours fight for the destruction of freedom and liberty. I choose liberty and strict constitutionalism.
Remove your @POTUS . You embraced and shielded him; Old Yeller is yours to put down now that he's become rabid (obstruction of justice)
No one knows what that means. We want congress to do something about the president's illegal behavior. America is better than Donald Trump.
Why don't you just make one EO and finish striping everything from America
@JohnCornyn @JimInhofe  Taking PROTECTIONS from US citizens. Are you proud of this?  Americans are disgusted w Republicans.
@GOP It is time. Decide: Party or Country? The resistance is not about party or Hillary- it's about the principles and ethics of a nation
This whole thread is such a target rich environment of people having been asleep for 8 years.
yes, you've sold out the environment, public safety & education for corp campaign $. You must be proud to be a useless puppet. Proud day  u.
Hey Jim I want to be there when you go to hell and start searching for a snowball.
#CornynHole #treason #ImpeachTrump

https://nytlive.nytimes.com/womenintheworld/2017/05/10/lawmaker-uses-online-pseudonym-to-argue-that-all-women-are-children-and-lie-about-rape/ … New Hampshire Robert Fisher outed Reddit misogynist- says women lie about being rape and have subpar intelligence
You when 20 yr with only one CRA because you passed actual Budgets. CRA's are failures to pass a budget.A Failure just like you.

Independent. Investigation. Now.  Trump just threaten Comey via Twitter. Even you cannot believe this normal. Do something!!
There aren't any snowballs in hell Senator.
Coming from Inhofe, a man who doesn't know the difference between weather & climate, is concerning. Keep on fellating your big donors, guys.
Obstructing justice is a felony.
Lol, enjoy it now because soon y'all will be out of a job.
Jim, you little weasel! We see what you're doing and it isn't prettyTraitor
Currently u have ZERO successes. Until y'all grow some balls & take care of ur trump situation, u guys got nothin!!!
@JohnCornyn - Friday, May 12 - Latest update: I still hate you.
The test of your "success" will be how many of these regulations are not under attack WHEN the Dems take control of Congress. 1)
Your party's lack of clarity and leadership in standing for the rule of law and exercise of balance of power almost guarantees that change
.@JohnCornyn Is that worth destroying our democracy in the process by supporting Trump?
Translation: we went 20 years and only used this once, but now we used it 14 times to screw over the people. They don't need clean water.
Until you agree for an II & SP we don't need to hear anything from the right!  #IMPEACH45

And you were in charge of the senate how much of that time? You guys know success.
SPECIAL INDEPENDENT NONPARTISAN PROSECUTOR TIME - no excuses!
Unite and support our President. Get things done! We are so far behind.
Don't forget to you are going to blow up the deficit Too! Take credit where credit is due #hypocrisy #partybeforecountry #Shameless #greed
You're now that house of liars, traders to the constitution all should be brought up on charges for treason for supporting a liyn "TRAITOR "
Real success will be restoring honor and integrity to the GOP #IndependentInvestigationNow
Vote all Republicans out of office.
The best thing @gop could do is appoint an independent nonpartisan prosecutor to investigate trump's Russian ties. This is strangling us.
And that's only because republicans made saying no show the one way street republicans live on
You people need to go. Lies lies and more damn lies.
You pass a lot of CRA... 
I count 14 also.
You asshats do nothing but put party over country...traitors all.
While you weren't looking FBI has raided with  warrants. Has Crooked president on tape too.
What a crock.
Why is there not a special prosecutor. Your sickening, lack of love for country. I voted for Reagan twice
Your party has become a treasonous embarrassment to it's founders and their principles.   

Do your jobs.  

Special Prosecuter.
Disgusting comment. 
They are doing their jobs. Keep up the good work @SenateGOP @HouseGOP 

This is an exciting time in American history.
We want a special prosecutor for trumps treason investigation NOW!
Boy. There's something to be proud of. You can't enact anything meaningful so you'll just tear apart the work of others. Yay Congress.
Excuse me isn't that your job?
There is nothing successful about what you are doing to this nation. We are losing democracy becoming authoritarian. Thanks GOP for nothing.
Still protecting this idiot, what is wrong with you...willing to lose our democracy for a win? 2018
Yes.  There are 25 D senators up for reelection in 2018.  Let's flip them to R's.

