Senator - your phones are not answered 90% of the time. Is this another strategy to avoid your constituents? Shame on you!
When's your townhall?
Try holding a town hall. We can help.
Hold a town hall meeting. Your constituents want to talk to you.
saving gas. saving tax dollars doing a conf call. thank you.
Texans would love to hear about your call! How about a town hall and you can tell us what else you've been up to?
Why on earth would you re tweet this?  We are not happy with you!  Check out all the comments!
Why won't trump release his taxes? Release Trump's taxes
When is the town hall

But Cornyn refuses 2 hold townhalls & take questions off script from Texans in Texas. Sad & disgraceful & controlling by Maj Whip.
Sittin' at your desk hey? Hard work these days sorting out which criminals to support.
As long as LGBT folks don't apply right?
And yet you won't meet with your constituents? What are you so AFRAID of? That Trump won't like you anymore? Rest assured, he doesn't now.
Did you discuss illegal immigration too? Those crossing the border come for jobs, and the companies that hire them seem to get away with it.
US creates new big three with Syria and Nicaragua.These countries have great values Trump is Making Russia Great Again Aren't you concerned
Job creators, there you go again with the code word for rich white people. We see you!
Priority is repeal/replace, wall, and tax cuts.  Balanced budget would be nice too.  NAFTA...second tier
Hundreds have been to your Dallas Galleria office to ask to have a Town Hall, explain why so few staff 2 investigate Trump. #cornynstakeout
He and the rest of the GOP will not back Trump. Not one word from them. They want him out. He, @SenTedCruz, @RepRatcliffe get no vote.
This is two weeks old, John. Why are you acting like you just did this? Also, when is the first hearing scheduled for #AHCA?
Why not a conf call with your constituents that can't max out contributions to you and your PACS?
Enjoy, you're GONE in '18 or '20.
Speak to your constituents face to face in a town hall meeting. How many times do we have to ask?? #DoYourJob
When will you have a town hall? #tx21indivisible and #txindivisible and inquiring minds want to know?
Why bother tweeting at all? It's obvious from the replies you are MIA for the people you are supposed to represent.
When the hell is he going to speak to the voters!  What a coward
Why are you so afraid to meet your constituents?
Because leftists shoot them now.
Just deflecting attention from your inability to stand up to Drumpf and show Americans your concern for the nation outweighs stupid Drumpf
Chicken scat!
Wow, now how about a #townhall
Did they mention the importance of an educated workforce and the availability of affordable healthcare?
Conference call with potential donors = good. Face-to-face #TownHall with angry constituents = bad. Did I get that right John?
Want to perfect Amazon Product Listing service? Then you are in the right place.
click below-
This was a big deal for #teamcornyn. Normally we like to just leave the phone off the hook.
pic would be better if you were standing in front of your constits at an open, public townhall.
can you hold a public townhall open to all to discuss NAFTA and healthcare,
I'm your constituent & you're terrible. Can't wait to VOTE you out! Greedy fraud!
How about asking your constituents?
Bought and paid for by big business.
Why not ask your constituents. Education is a priority for us. #FundPublicSchools #NoVouchers #TalkWithConstituents
How about talk to your constituents.
when will you do in person town halls?
Would you like to know the priorities of your constituents, @JohnCornyn? Call a #TownHall! We'd like to speak with you.
When is your next town hall? We've been waiting....
Again folks, the good Senator's no reply to your courteous requests for a town hall indicate his non interest in discussing your concerns.
lol hiding behind a desk and phone John. Come out and fave us COWARD!  Should we get an orange jumpsuit ordered for you too???
you did not mention the jobs report this month.... dismal
Again with the job creator myths?
I only ever see you meeting with businesspeople. How come you never meet with ordinary Texans? Not all of us are job creators, but we count.
Voters will remember politicians who R terrified 2 meet face 2 face. Instead, they hide behind office doors & phones. Fear loOks great on U
I'm a TX biz owner and job creator - did chambers of commerce happen to mention climate change was a priority?
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Why do you support this totalitarian bullshit? WH orders agencies to ignore Dems oversight requests http://politi.co/2riAWJn  via @politico
When will you have a conference call with TX healthcare providers about the repeal of the ACA? The Texas Medical Center needs you to listen.
Didn't speak with mine, John.
I'll be checking to see if you takes to my local chamber. If others across the state could check with theirs, we could check the veracity.
Takes=talked
Syria and Nicaragua
What are your Russian debts looking like? I think you should start thinking about country over party.
You @JohnCornyn don't represent me or my priorities. You prove that again and again. #TermLimits
When will you speak with citizens, voters, people...?
Cornyn has rec'd $1,134,506.00 from oil, gas and coal interests. He supported leaving the Paris Climate Agmt. Who's interests do you workfor
Learn anything?
Have you met with any real, voting constituents lately? Ever? #TownHall
Vote this fool out. That's it Texas! He is not good for Texas he is worse for country.
Great, so when will you be talking to people who aren't paying you?
Well we are paying him ... just not enough to feed his greed!
At least you don't hide the fact that you represent the Chamber and not the American people.
...townhall?
No #townhall?  Still running scared from your constituents.
NAFTA never trickled down, mexican wages of $4 a day disgusting 
All america got was
What about priorities important to job holders?
Stop staring at your phone @JohnCornyn. No one wants to talk to you.
What did they say? Is there a recording I could listen, or transcript I could read?
That call had nothing to do with creating jobs. He called to collect his bribes for supporting #Putin policies.
He is scum.
Really? Your priority is being a yes man to @realDonaldTrump; stop acting like you care about the people of Texas.
I know one job that will be opening up. It's currently filled by an old senile traitor who swore his loyalty to an even more senile guy.
You're a horrible human being in supporting trumps damaging plans..,shame on you!
People are looking for you. Just sayin.
When are you going to talk to your everyday constituents and stop being Trump (and Putin's) puppet?
Priority 1: Get better senators from TX.
So when do you hear about priorities important to TX voters?
I've stuck with you through thick & thin Senator & I'll continue. I've shaken your hand & I know you're sincere! That's a rarity today!
What planet do you live on?
Where's that pesky townhall schedule for constituents in Texas towns & cities? Regular folks - your employers - have lots to discuss w/you.
Unless you make NAFTA look more like TPP, utterly pointless to renegotiate. You also have far too much faith in a policy-ignorant president.
You know today is gun violence awareness day right? Do you care about the safety of your constituents? #WearOrange
So you're talking to workers and actual producers of stuff next, right?
