Wealthy GOP "never Trump" person. http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2017/03/how-the-explosive-russian-dossier-was-compiled-christopher-steele … 
Op research firm? 3 ex-WALL STREET JOURNAL reporters. 
Do your research, Senator
Why do you use the Russia hearings to question about Clinton and avoid tough questions about the Trump Admin?
because Clinton sold our uraium to Russia while her husband was paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to speak. Wake the hell up
Ha! What's up bot. #FakeNews
Balderd...I say, balderdash Senatah! Senatah Foghorn Cornpone don't have a leg to stand on heah!  It's claptr...I say, claptrap!
Put ur $ where ur mouth is & hold Rep comm hearing of ur own, grill him urself if u know it's true. Otherwise keep ur propaganda 2 urself.
Am pretty sure those who wrote it and are now dead paid for it in the end.  Stop being smarmy and start being a real man.
Tweet after tweet, u really stink at governing. Your incompetence is unbelievable! We See You! @gop #traitors
Republicans initated the Trump dossier when they hired Fusion to investigate Trump, Senator Cornyn! http://www.businessinsider.com/fusion-gps-trump-russia-dossier-bill-browder-2017-7 …
BullShit! John. Bill Browder is a hero exposing Russian evil. You are hip-deep in it.
Is your name in that dossier?
omg...yr right...this totally undercuts collusion! stay awesome, senator.
George Soros. Obviously. Everyone is on his payroll. Also, the article is a piece of junk.
Comey, Spicer, Priebus, Christie, Sessions...Trump eventually betrays and humiliates all his supporters. You chained yourself to a millstone
Stop trying to squirm out of the Trump-Russia situation, we can all see you.
Paul ryan, Mitch mcconnel, reince priebus, John mccainsusan collins, Lisa murkowski, hillary .
Wow. Conspiracy theory much? First the thing isn't real, now it's being funded by space aliens.
Who's paying your wife to lobby on bills that you eventually pass?
Who cares?  You won. Now you've got your own Russia problem. Quit trying to deflect
Probably because he enjoys breathing
If it will bring Agent Oranges treasonous antics to light I think most of us would chip in to pay for it. You're just sad #Resist #LOCKHIMUP
So many "what ifs?" in this article reflects your poor grasp of cause and effect. No wonder you failed to pass your bill yesterday.
Squirrel!
I kept calling your office on #HealthcareBill but your staff kept hanging up on me before I could say anything. Will remember this in 2020
Not sure anyone will make effort to find out. GOP acting like afraid of Democrats.
"..the funding came from a “Never Trump” Republican and not directly from the campaign war chests of any of Trump’s primary opponents."
It was initiated by an anonymous Republican.
Anyone know who?
ONLY question @this point is WHY. WHY are certain GOP congressmen so very desperate to cover up Trump Russia invest?  Not gonna end well4GOP
If you think Mr Cornyn this new GOP spin is going to fly w Bobby Mueller you are in Deep Denial.  You areCOMPLICIT.
Sally Yates: Justice system "may be broken beyond recognition" under Trump http://hill.cm/Zbt8jQr  
You know what's weird? Being more worried about a document's origin than whether its contents are true.
You're desperate to tie this to Clinton no matter how tangentially but don't seem concerned at all about if its damning accusations are true
Let Meuller do his job.
Who paid you?
Circumstantial evidence points to Jeb, then McCain. Weirdly, for the only time in her life, HRC didn't let herself be conned.
So Ds funded it, but then did not use it? Speaks more to integrity if could not confirm. Doubt Rs would have such moral compass.
Initial funding was from an anonymous "Never Trump" Republican. Steele has declined to ID his client.
An opinion piece full of what-if's that you hope #clickservatives will believe as fact. What if you actually put country before party?
Because they didn't want this to distract from healthcare. Nice try.

So far noise points to sen mccain
Sure lets find out. But the current president's foreign dealings might be a more pressing matter??
The only thing the socialists are good for us spoon feeding the masses BS.
How much did you take from Putin. You are Trussian.
Presumably someone who finds treason distasteful
It's the actions of the president that matter, not who paid to find out. You are an utter fool Cornyn.
I find it very suspicious that the Republicans do not want to learn @realDonaldTrump and his team's involvement with Russia.
Who cares as long as he is investigated for his multiple crimes.....
Who paid for 7 years of Benghazi investigations?
The American people paid for it. And still are until all traitors face justice. 

Where will you be, John? Now's the time to turn state's.
Between your "unmasking" line of questioning earlier and this tweet, I'm afraid you're irredeemable. Sad.
Continue with the partisan attacks. Rs have complete control and if you think attacking Ds is a plan, go 4 it. You can't look any dumber.
And is this a opinion? @WSJ opinion?
who just became WH comms director to get $90m with a tax break ? Who just used foul and threatening language ? who is on the senate Intel ?
Dossier, completed by US allies, proves that Trump is unfit to serve as president. You're not concerned w findings but w who paid? Sad!
And this article is complete bs. You are truly pathetic for perpetuating this crap.
Sir, since U are a mbr of the intell com. Are you saying this article is facts or is it another cloud? U have more info then others.
OMG - you are seriously defending a traitor and now going after the reputations of intelligence officers who are trying to keep us safe?
Wasn't it initially Republican primary oppo research?
Yes.
Who is paying for Russian influence in the WH.
Reince probably did it!
Looks like things may backfire on Dems. They better ask for Special Council to be stopped. lol
Cornyn is a hack, a sellout extraordinaire.  He blows whichever way will PERSONALLY benefit him, not his constituents, nor the country.

When r u going to raise your voice in opposition to the Russian Collusion with trump? You are a traitor #cowardcornyn to our constitution
Democrats' response: "what difference does it make"?
Trump
We all know the dossier was started by GOP and then picked up by Dems after primaries. Plus @KimStrassel is a conspiracy theorist Koch shill
Will y'all just stop?
Did you actually read the article. "What if" the democrats were actually working with Russia? "What if" is a joke. Zero journalism
Aaaaaaand he's back. 2 pandering retweets about bipartisanship and empowering women, then this. Just couldn't resist whining, could you?
who met with the Russians ? and why ? whats in Trump Taxes ? all thats the real scandal- no more distractions, RESIGN ! @txlege @TXDemWomen
That there were such things to warrant the dossier should be more concerning to you...if you were a patriot rather than a twitter troll...
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP @JohnCornyn @tedcruz @RepKevinBrady @SenateMajLdr @Scaramucci @POTUS   Got Proof?
Changing subject? You can't govern- worst disaster in Senate history- you tried to kill millions of Americans
Follow he money that's all you need to do.
Knowing this you're still an admirer of Putin? Your're a disgrace to our Democracy.
Really your focusing on this,while Trump Jr meet w/Russians to collude.Still puttg self/party b4 country!Time to leave office.Who do u serve
There are 2 new parties now Senator, Patriots & Traitors. You've been on Team Treason for too long.
Throwing shade for traitor 45 just proves that your complicit.
Lol....

How's HC reform going, john? 

So
Much
Winning....
@realDonaldTrump is a traitor. #Impeach45
Involvng FOREIGN POWR with a lng histry of being an ENEMY 'trumps' involvng AMERICANS! AMERICANS are the 'good guys'. Putin is bad guy.

Who cares? By me
#Sideshow #DistractTheBase #Diversion
SCOTUS ruled (1915; Burdick v. United States) that accepting a pardon is admitting guilt. @realDonaldTrump admitting guilt. Focus on that!
Who paid for your soul?

Ummm, who cares? I'd rather know what the jail terms for him and cronies are!
Democrats like Hillary or Obama!
You've lost my vote. Do your job.
@GOP 7.5 years of this garbage is up. Want a fight? We'll be bringing it-every day with a smile on
You've become an accomplice in tearing down the fabric of this great country alongside Trump. I am an embarrassed Texan.
I wouldn't be surprised if @SenJohnMcCain was part of it.
Wow, you have zero shame. Texas disowns you... NOW you wanna talk peepee tapes?!?!

Everyone sees what the @GOP is doing. Think it's wise to travel down that road? I suspect that won't end well for your @GOP either. Sickofit
With attempted murder of the HC bill behind you, it's time to double down on party over country. Shocking you tie yourself to the  
Fake news. Mueller didmissed using the dossier from the get-go. Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush paid for it.
Who killed Tupac and Biggie?
You are lost. Our WH is in chaos. The Pres doesn't understand basic facts or law. The GOP can't get anything done. And you tweet this???
Then let loose Mueller and ensure he investigates everything and everyone! Let the chips fall!! You game, Senator? If so be an actual leader
Bullshit, Senator. Utter bullshit. Fusion GPS takes money from despots. Steele doesn't. After funds dried up, Steele continued working.
Steele continued working because he saw a pattern that proved to be true. Get over yourself: #SteeleDossier is a solid work product.
People with more patriotism than you'll ever have.   Party over country, John.
People are still remembering how the Republicans handled the Benghazi story---all just planned to discredit Hillary. Hillary is a private...
...citizen, so going after her, without polical cause, is a waste of time and money. It will seem like a distraction from the Russian story.
Who worships a president with Russian ties just to get even with  the Dems and Barrak Obama You all like Putin so much go live in Russia
That's what we want to know! Please get behind our POTUS
You're not good at deflecting @JohnCornyn just sit back down.
#EnemyOfTheState
Let's see where the Mueller investigation leads. Trump's behavior is pretty erratic right now. Aren't you curious? Or still in cya mode?
When this investigation blows open, the entire GOP will be tainted for years to come. There'll be no blaming Dems for this.
It must have a bite of truth to it or you wouldn't care. John, the true parts should concern you!
Democrats! https://twitter.com/JulianAssanged/status/890387455764873216 …
"Here's a random list of Democrats an aide typed up. It's whatever Russia tells me to say it is." -Julian Assange
Wow. That article isn't at all biased. Real journalism from the WJS. Pathetic.
Barbara Bush (the elder) for JEB. Send her a thank U note b/c its gong to help get the treasonous monster out of office b/4 he destroys US.
That's all you have on #FailureFriday? Just too funny.
I don't care who paid for the pee tapes John, not one drop. I do care that Russia hacked our election unscathed.
National security isn't a partisan issue. But you'll make it one.
Jed bush
Corn yn Trump's *ss
Who paid for your to be such a sociopath when it comes to American lives? Or do you do it for free?
So, you want to take away healthcare and support a president with ties to Russia?  Enjoy your last term, Senator. You're not fit to lead.
Republicans are spineless. They don't back our President, so guess what. We won't back them. #2018primaries
If you see your mug in this photo or are Republican, most likely you will not be reelected! @SenTedCruz @farenthold

Statement from Fusion GPS, which produced the Steele dossier, re: accusations it was hired by Russians: 
The scandal is not the actual scandal, but how the scandal came about? Quit embarrassing us all, Senator.
Republican primary opponents then Clinton.
The criminal Dem obstruction must be stopped immediately
You seem eager to move past yesterday's humiliating defeat. I think we should spend more time reflecting on your greatest political failure.
Nebi, Cornyn's whip was taken away from him last night by two badass women!
