What is the lifetime cap? Are EHBs preserved, or will a waiver be available? What about PreX? All you're doing is talking taxes.
This isn't a TAX BILL it's (supposed to be) a "better" healthcare bill. There are REAL LIVES at stake here. Literally EVERY SINGLE
AMERICAN will be affected, and all you care about is giving a retroactive refund to people who bribe you.
I don't know why you went into politics, but I know your public service is a failure.
A better alternative to #Wealthcare would be to repeal and replace @JohnCornyn.
Stand up to insurance companies or stand down and let Ds pursue single payer.
What about cuts to Medicaid services for kids and adults with disabilities?
are high risk pools outlawed? They are horrific! Ben there done that. HUGE failure in Texas pre-ACA! Wow you are worthless!
Why not talk about what YOUR plan will do 2 Americans? Listen 2 what YOUR plan will do 2 American families so you can give wealthy tax break
What good is a tax credit when you can't afford it????
And part of the problem was that the tax credit didn't cover enough people at the tails- upper tail bc cliff, lower bc no mcaid xpac.
So all this really does is move the tails. It doesn't substantially fix the problem.
I'm curious, since you're putting these statements out here, are you or your staff members taking note of your constituents' opinions?
No, did you send a bribe? To hell with us.
Simple question - How much do you stand to personally gain for this tax cut bill?
@DebraMessing, @SenWarren, @SenSanders, @JoyAnnReid, @jaketapper,@chucktodd, @NancyPelosi, @chuckschumer, So why is this such a bad plan???
It's not a bad plan if one of two conditions apply:
1. Your AGI is $250k or more
2. You don't care about people less fortunate than yourself
And you made $180,000 from insurance & pharma for your efforts writing the bill that helps them more than Americans.
We really need to drain the swamp, people. We see where their interest lie.
It's sad, you have dug such a hole that nobody feels they can trust you. Because you back DT, you lose credibility.
Hey remember the Medicaid part that GOP governors refused?
Do the 351 - 400% FPL are screwed.
In the wealth of the US,THIS is the best a republican gov't can do for their constituents? 147 global countries have universal care, I live
research the wait times in Canada, to see a doctor, to see specialist 2 months for cardiologist, 2016 report
How does an $880,000,000,000 tax break for the wealthy improve healthcare for Texans, @JohnCornyn?
Meaning less middle income people being covered. #SMDH
Way to screw the poor, cupcake
Wealthcare...is what you and your cronies came up with.
If this is a good bill that you're proud of why don't you come to TX and have town halls to explain and show your great work?
He owes for the $3.8 mil bribes he has received.
It's oustanding to this Texan how out of touch you are with voters and in touch with the money that buys your corruption
The whole Repug Party, $$$ n power.
The one part that seems to be an improvement.
Gutting Medicaid for elderly and kids to give those who don't need tax cuts more money? U have lost your way if u can't see this is wrong.
If this health care is good enough for us then we demand that Congress and all Feds must use the same health care.
THATS RIGHT!!!!
Texans don't want this. Are you listening?
Please listen.
When 23,000,000 people lose access to healthcare, what will happen to our Texas economy and the Texas medical center, @JohnCornyn?
I am a TX constituent your #GOP #HealthcareBill is despicable
I agree. Horrible. Vote NO.
Why do the TOP 1% need a tax break. Please explain. @DFWIndivisible @indivisibletxjc @indtx36 @indivisibleATX @MSNBC @dallasnews
Greed
#wealthcare math:Q:If 23,000,000 people lose healthcare for a $180,000 contribution, how much is a life worth to @JohnCornyn? A: about $0.01
Tax credits irrelevant for poor folks who don't pay income tax. With the cuts to Medicaid, we all pay for their ER visits w/higher premiums.
there are NO MEDICAID CUTS! There is funding for planned parenthood, over all its just another horse and pony show
If you represent free market principles, your bill does nothing to expand competition and bring down costs. Why still protecting insurance?
So less favorable to poor, we get it. Vote NO.
But lifetime limits?
Republicans exempt their own insurance from their latest proposal
Rep legislators keep popular Obamacare provisions 4 themselves and staff.
Keep talking,  we will keep fighting against this terrible bill.

Have a conscience VOTE NO.
Do right not Right
Why not just introduce that change separately, rather than as part of a package that horribly guts and dilutes the meaning of health care?
A) 0-100 got Medicaid B) 100-400 promoted enrollment of younger adults new in career. C) tax credits won't cover costs #bad #healthcarebill
*vote your conscience
I'm ashamed of you. You are a horrible senator and I hope you never get reelected. You are an abomination and blemish on Texas history.
this Bill as is, will secure your spot near the bottom of WHO's list of providing H/C. Look up WHO definition of Health Care. this isn't it.
A lot of good a tax credit is when you lose your coverage.
Tax credits do not fix healthcare.
Most people have insurance through employers who pay ~10-20kpy. What Rs and Ds have done doesn't even approach what people get through work
How much more competitive would our businesses be if US had a single payer system that covered employees?
How about the folks in you state, wealthy are they? For your middle class and lower income People, You are trying to swapped them out.
Under the ACA people with incomes up to 150% of poverty pay an average deductible of $255. In the Senate hill bill it would be over $6,000.
This is fairy dust at present. This is about providing all inclusive Health CARE not a tax bill in the offing.
You can give my tax credits to the parents who are begging you not to let their children die with no healthcare  But tax cuts mean more
We didn't want a tax cut. We wanted healthcare. Also your math is obfuscatory. You're not smart; you're venal.
Treating healthcare as a tax bill is rather dumb, even for you. #tryagain #VoteNoAHCA

Coward! Trying to justify this terrible bill. #Shame
You need to talk to your colleague from Texas Ted Cruz.  As far as I am concerned he can go.  From a voting Texan
you pass #Trumpcare you will be complicit to the MURDER of innocent Americans. Children, disabled, elderly and vulnerable.
http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/the-dubious-counting-at-the-center-of-the-gops-health-care-reform?mbid=nl__daily&CNDID=49570247&mbid=nl_TNY%20Template%20-%20With%20Photo%20(186)&CNDID=49570247&spMailingID=11334351&spUserID=MTkxMzMzMzU0MTUyS0&spJobID=1182091449&spReportId=MTE4MjA5MTQ0OQS2 …
You mean ACA subsidies, right? Very different than tax credits. It's not apples to apples. You're being deceptive and dishonest here.
Good try. The poor do not care about FPL. That's a political metric! The poor care about jobs, excellent healthcare and the American dream.
The unemployment rate is lower than when you were a kid in the depression. The economy is healthy. Your Comrade wants to f**k that up!
Think for a second. turn off your Rich Man Brain. Tax Credits don't amount to a hill of beans for working class people, less for poor.
What about tearing the guts out of Medicaid? As the disabled protesters arrested and dragged out said to @McConnellPress this is a disgrace.
So you help LESS middle class ppl instead of more like the GOP campaigned on.
So if you make no money, your premium might be covered and all you need to do is pay your enormous deductible, if your care is  even covered
so really, you did nothing
Fake senator helps create fake healthcare law t give our tax money t millionaires like trump.
Hey John,Trump promised to leaveMedicaid, Medicare, and Social SecurityALONE!ALONE, means you guys lay off!Do you sleep curled up in your $?
when you have 58 comments of dislikes vs 14hrts for likes should tell you this is a shit tax cut plan disguised as hc plan. PATHTEIC and SAD
the fact that I who never cared about pol and just voted R for 20+ years is now constantly telling you off should tell you how bad it is.
Your bill screws your base. It is as bad as the House GOP bill - which both Trump and Obama called "mean."
"In NE's Chase County, a 62-yr-old earning $18K could pay nearly $20K for coverage under GOP plan." Under ACA: $760. https://www.wsj.com/articles/gop-health-plan-would-hit-rural-areas-hard-1489364405 …

Under the ACA people with incomes up to 150% of poverty pay an average deductible of $255. In the Senate hill bill it would be over $6,000. 
Okay, now, what's good about this bill?
If you think that somehow makes up for what this bill does to the marketplace, you need to see a doctor yourself. Try harder, John.
Once again you are using smoke & mirrors to highlight the nuances of a terrible healthcare bill #DoYourJob for all Texans and vote NO!
Let's talk Medicaid...
A tax credit is a lousy substitute for cutting Medicaid.
what happens if tax credit is not sufficient to buy health insurance on market? It means they can't buy insurance.  Mean.
But they would have "access" to buy it. Just like I have access to buy a Lamborghini.
Show your work,  Senator.  You are too close to @realDonaldTrump  and he can't even spell "truth".  You are known by the company you keep.
Because < 100% was covered by Medicare, you dolt. Under your bill 0-100 have to buy worthless high deductible plans.
*Medicaid, it's too early in the morning...
I think what you're trying to say is that Cornyncare's tax credit is 0-350% FPL.  Or maybe Trumpcare.  Or, ooh!  TrumpCornyncare!
So you are cutting. Why cut dividend tax for rich and keep Medicare tax surcharge?
It's not repeal and it's not replace.  I'm your constituent and this cost you my vote.
You intentionally left out the detail of the $7500 annual deductible ppl at the FPL will have to pay under ACHA.
So don't spin this bill in any way as doing some kind of GD favor for the poor.
Why don't u just change the name of your party from the Republican Party to the Tax-Cut for the Ultra-Wealthy Party. that's all u ppl do.
This would be a pretty simple task (I've talked with your staffers, they're up to the job).  Just count the number of negative responses.
how effective is tax credit for below FPL if most often their tax burden is v low to 0?
Poor people don't pay taxes. Poor people don't pay taxes. Poor people don't pay taxes.
You could just say ACA. Obamacare is way more characters.
He won't since people like the ACA
Sad but true.
We're talking abt the $$, huh? 1/6 the US econ. You want to explain to rural TX T supporters why their jobs go away when the clinics close?
We get the tax part (rich ppl save$) Talk to us as to way this is a better healthcare bill. Poor & elderly  are not better off.. explain
How is a block grant an improvement in funding Medicaid?
No matter how much you knock down ACA/Obamacare, TRUMPCARE is a cruel plan. Have a heart, this is beyond partisian politics.
Quit acting like your bill is an improvement. It's awful, and you know it. It's a tax cut for the wealthiest.
What good is taking home more of your income if your income itself isn't enough to cover health care costs? Isn't that why we have Medicaid?
why does every single major medical group note you all will damage the country???
The senate bill also known as the death certificate is not good at all.  It's a bill to increase the bottom line of the rich$$. SAD
.@JohnCornyn are those refundable credits? If not, meaningless. Even if so, money later doesn’t pay for bills+interest now. Why convolute?
So you're saying there is nothing better about your bill then?
Tell the whole story! Quit picking small sound bites that try to make this horrid HC bill look better! U are a morally bankrupt individual
Cool- but the premiums & deductibles go up & loss of access to essential benefits, return of lifetime max is not a good trade
What is your tax cut?  Not to mention the $180,000 you've already been paid!!!!!
Doesn't matter when all of my money will be going to billionaires and CEOs!
This country had no problems taxing the richest 90% after WWII to pay our debts.
Federal Poverty Level?
Are these tax credits refundable?
FPL?????
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
