Sen. Cornyn - the bill is a bad bill. Why are you supporting it? https://twitter.com/johncornyn/status/910301626510008321 …
What do block grants do to public ed funding in TX? You and Cruz are toast if this passes. The Trumpcare bills have gone from bad to worse
The bill is a good bill for starters, please support it.  @RyanRMiller
Highly disagree with your opinion and I'm a constituent... please vote no.
Why do republicans always side against humanity and for greed?
Because if we're stuck with OC atleast this bill puts the money with the states and spreads the money evenly instead of just dem states
Incorrect, it will harm many of your own constituents.
Better for what?  Additionally, assure me for the security of my grandchildren as our president engages in nuclear rhetoric with North Korea
Graham Cassie gives Texas a extra 37 billion
Uhhh no it’s not actually. You’re the worst.
Better how? AARP, doctors, disability activitsts, lay reading of the text say otherwise. BETTER HOW? Please be specific.
Because Texas gets 37bil towards healthcare law that's how
Nope.
Wrong John.  This bill is dissed by every medical related organization. This bill is horrifying, immoral, UnAmerican and cruel.  Horrifying
Bankruptcy Lawyers will be singing your praises
It's amazing how many twits on hear just lye about what's in the bill
Because Cornyn is an elitist liar and globalist.
7 years to build a replacement and YOU failed. Tweet more lies and maybe you can get it passed.
How is insurance no one can afford better? Will you switch to the system you want the rest of us to have?
If this bill is so great how about you give up your healthcare and use it?
how?
Depends on your metric for 'better'. I disagree with you.
you're a fucking idiot.
Tell that to the people that will likely die because you pass it.  Your solution for pre-existing conditions will not help people.
This is patently false. Unless by better you mean cheaper and kicks millions off insurance, makes people sicker and costs Texans more $
Tried to call u to voice my opinion but couldn't get a real person. R u takiling tallies of how ur constituents want u to vote?
. @RyanRMiner - Once upon a time Repubs were actually conservative and would have derided this bill for what it is, Obamacare Lite.
Well Senator, most Americans disagree. You, therefore, are not representing us but yourself#defeatGOP
No IT ISN’T. why don’t u give up ur GOV PAID BY ME #healthcare and test out your GOP plan before giving it to us. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
No just better for your pockets...not your constituents. #cantwaitfor2020
"Says who?"
Kicking millions of Texans off of insurance over the next 10 yrs is better? Get out of here troll. Ps. Your VM in DC is full.
Get a job and pay for your own fucking Ins
I dont know if Cornyn even pays attention to his twitter team. He is very conservative and old fashioned.
In a pigs eye its better.  Apparently you didn't READ IT!
Like you pay for healthcare You get free physicals twice a year Free flu shots etc right in the capitol and you complain
Really? How? My son was diagnosed with cancer at 1. This bill is bad for him. Would you like for him to die?
This bill is even worse than before!  Vote NO or prepare for this to be the end of your political career. We will not tolerate this abuse.
How do you figure that?
You have lost your everlovin' mind. I say that with all due respect
Mr. Cornyn, if the bill is that great why keep its guts a secret. Not repeal and replace but repair Obama care or do hate Obama that much?
NO, it isn't. Your Constituents have spoken, do your job for once and vote NO!
NO IT ISN'T. You're just blinded by your Obama hate. You hate Obama & everything w/his name on it. Try to be objective for ONCE in your life
THIS IS A TAX BILL, TAKING MONEY OUT OF MEDICAID SO YOU CAN GIVE TAX BREAK TO WEALTHY.  HAVE THE BACKBONE TO BE HONEST WITH TEXANS
Come on Senator! Please stop the partisan BS and look out for Texans.This bill stinks! Return to regular order. #ConnectTheDots
Why not work with Susan Collins to protect people?
So, I take it this is your official stance?
Still can't wait to vote against you.
Any thing is better than o care you were put in office to do better that just settle
Uhhh...NOT better than Obamacare unless you are an insurance stock.  You must be so proud to strip away progress.  Disgusting man
So good Americans need to vote on it and 2 terms limits also we have the worst repub party ever we know your cheating Governor controls vote
None of you constituents agrees with you! Why do you ignore us?
Liar
@RyanRMiner Senator, I need a bit more than that.
This is a terrible bill and you should be ashamed to support it.  Think with your head, not your donors' wallets.
Fkin wrong again. Forget about your vain Presidential ambition and start working for all people,.
Good is the goal, not a point for the Republican team.  Think of all the folks who will be out of jobs due to the disasters.  What of them?
You break it, you own it.
Here is why we need a CBO https://www.cbo.gov/about/overview  #noGrahamCassidy, specially without a proper analysis. Is this bill really better?
vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy “health care” bill. How can you vote for something without knowing the facts?
A good politician makes a good thing better. Not just hate & intro something worse just because Obama is black. Cornyn you are very obvious
It' a terrible short term solution to a long-term problem. Do your job & create a long-term policy solution like the Senate of old used to
Better for who or what? Your pockets, you crook?
I am a constituent. Represent us by voting no please.
Me, too, & I agree: vote NO, please. The dead line is arbitrary. Take the time to do this right. As Trump says, "Believe me," we're worth it
Better doesn't mean good.
Cornyn, how do u live with yourself? What moral compass do you have? Do you sleep at night knowing u r sending people to their deaths??
Says the party hack of the Senate. GOP is undermining the nation. Cornyn leads the efforts.
Says the guy NOT covered under the #ACA...
I don't know why I am shocked that you would say that but I am. Shame on you, you know that is another GOP alternative fact.
How could you possibly say that? This bill will kill people. Obamacare is keeping people alive. You're heartless.
Don’t you get tired of shilling for crap legislation that you know is bad to score political points?  Is this why you got into politics ?
@JohnCornyn By what measure would you say it's better than PPACA? # of insured? Pre-existing covered? Lifetime limits?

That’s a pretty low bar you’ve set. If I said at my job, “Screw it. It’s better than what we have,” I’d be fired. #FigureItOut

This is the republican parties priority. Cornyn has done nothing for Americans but he does have 4 public pensions. He's in it 4 the money
Because #cowardcornyn is a #liar #bigot and a sellout to the tea party. A man only interested in padding his bank account. #ideologue
You vote yes we vote you out of office!  This is our loves you are playing with!  Pre-existing conditions! I won't be able to get care #ptsd
It GUTS Medicaid, which will literally KILL thousands of Texans. Including children- and Veterans! We expect better from you than this.
I wish you would take the time to explain to us Texans how exactly it is better than Obamacare!!
No, it isn't
@RyanRMiner that's your reasoning? Because it's slightly better? You should oppose until it is satisfactory
Only if you love money more than have concern for the health of people.
That's not a high bar.
Better isn't good enough,git on it!
Hahaha!  Why?  Because it has "Obama" in the name???          Call it the ACA, if it helps you to stop screwing over Texans.
Why don't you include Rand Paul's across State line and Group Care provisions?
everyone can see it's demonstrably worse. you're just feeding your Koch masters or something.
Your ignorance and lack of compassion are stunning. You just honestly DO NOT CARE about your constituents.  Unless they're rich. Karma.
BetterThan #Obamacare ? Typical #rinos response. #FullRepeal wasPromised. You &others inCongress = #cowardlyLion

@GregAbbott_TX @SenTedCruz
The bill is a bad bill.
The hell you say.
In what universe could this possibly be construed as better than Obamacare?! #noGrahamCassidy
I forgot, you're just like us. Except you don't fall under the shit healthcare you are dooming us to. #RINO
For who? The insurance industry?  The wealthy?  Not for the majority of Americans. When will you listen and learn?
How disgustingly sad that we have to spend so much time begging Congress not to condemn us to pain, bankruptcy, and death!
Nope.  I like getting everyone having health insurance because we are people and it's 2017.  #SinglePayerNow
That's a reason school age children give. Please tell me my senator has more powers of logic and reason beyond finger pointing.
If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121
Perhaps you should adjust your standards- if it's not a GREAT bill it will create instability in 1/6 of our economy #GrahamCassidyBill
For your wallet. Not for the people you're supposed to represent.
lie more.
Also, as a marcomm person: great way to defend your bill! Try to find ONE GOOD THING (that isn't a lie). Your pivot to Ocare is old & bad.
It's unseemly for Rs to kill health care while Sec. Price flies around on a private jet, don't you think?
We need Medicare for all.  Please support Senator Sanders bill.
Okay, so you admit the new bill is crap. Why support it rather than look to a new bill for next session? Don't pass just to pass something.
It's a horrible bill
Seriously, better how? (Aside from better for your rich donors)
Actually, no it is not. Why are you insistent in hurting Texans?  You and Cruz will pay for this vote come 2018 and 2020.
Better for somebody, undoubtedly. But for most of your constituents? Not so much.
Give it up . Impeach or resign and vote NO on this vile bill
@JohnCornyn how will this impact my private workplace insurance while I recover from mTBI?
If cutting taxes is your goal, yes. It will cut Medicaid to nothing (literally). If the health of your constituents matters, no.
I'm guessing pressure from the Koch brothers has shaped your opinion.
Show your work, asshole.
Liar.
Letting insurance stop selling prescription coverage is better than Obamacare? Why exactly?
Letting insurance stop selling maternity coverage is better than Obamacare? Why exactly? Unborn babies aren't people anymore?
So you support deliberate and intentional genocide?
Is it really?  How easily our elected officials lie to their constituents as if we are stupid we deserve better
How articulate. Your not in grade school. Grow up & meet with your constituents! #HoldTownHall Stop being #CowardlyCornyn
As a woman who has given birth three times and had 3 m/c while incurring 0 med debt due to the ACA - you lie. No vote for you.
This bill is horrible for Texas. You choose #PartyOverCountry every time.
NO.  Do NOT repeal the ACA!  This new bill is a sham and a lie and will cost Texans their lives!
You're a joke, and a bad one at that.
@RyanRMiner Sir, you know it isn't. It fits your views re: gov't/industry, but there's no way to argue it's better for avrg ppl.
How? Does it cover (affordable) pre-existing conditions? Continue to help those who need it most?
the more i think about this tweet the more enraged i get. better for whom, exactly? certainly not me or millions of americans.
In what ways Senator? Please list them specifically & state how you're sure it will IMPROVE coverage. I'm your constituent & I am listening.
Senator Cornyn,
Please don't repeal ACA.  Work with Democrats to improving it.
Cornyn is a douche...

You are a liar along with most of your party! I can't wait until we can vote you out!
Unbelievable. How about you improve ACA and stabilize markets instead! This bill sucks!
This notion might garner a scintilla of credibility if you and Cruz communicated some plan that doesn't completely fail the people of Texas.
If this plan is so great why aren't you, your family and your staff subject to it????
This bill moves the distribution of money but still govt healthcare.  no thanks.  Free market across state lines is the only solution.
Across state lines is not a realistic solution, just an easy-to-digest GOP slogan that voters can support.
I say a more realistic solution vs single payer or forced Govt subsidized healthcare but I digress.
I agree that single payer isn't realistic either. But there is a reason why you never see "across state lines" in any of the repeal bills.
Yeah, that's not true dude
Cornyn is the chief cult member!
@RyanRMiner EZ to see why you usually don't have an opinion. This is ill-informed. Better senator than Cornyn? Anybody but Ted.
Liar all lies you suck signed your fellow Texans
My 8 yr old grandson has a heart condition, so what will the new bill do to protect him & insure him?  This bill is bad. U know it. Horrible
No Sen. Cornyn, you are wrong. Obamacare is much better than this current bill. What is wrong with you? You hate O care because of the name.
In what way?
You know in your heart that this is not true.  Not having any healthcare is NOT better than the ACA
NO IT ISN'T!  LISTEN TO YOUR PEOPLE.  Stop pandering to Trump & Co. and do what your people want & need, which is saying NO to this bill!
How is it better than the ACA? Millions lose coverage, pre-existing conditions are not covered, Medicaid is cut. No CBO accounting.
This is an insane rush job! How dare you play so fast and loose with the health and wellbeing of millions of Americans?
This is in no way true.
Is it really? How much will my premiums go up next year?
Billions less in medicaid spend is better care! Quick suggestion. Eliminate medicaid completely. By your logic that would be best.
no it's not, and you know it, you corrupt taxpayer-dollar-leeching piece of shit. #boughtandpaidfor #lyingfordollars
You could be a statesman and work with Dems to fix the ACA rather than find a new way to screw the American people. no you're a politician.
You don't have to worry about insurance.  You have great insurance.  All we want is what you have. Is that asking too much?
No, it's not.  premiums, bad on pre existing, high risk pools, decreases options for availability. It's bad!!
Whoa whoa whoa.  It's better for the insurance carriers for sure. Not at all better for the American people. You know this.
Fake news. How is pre-existing conditions,births,birth control not being covered better? That's right you're bought & paid for by big pharma
Try to get some of Sen @RandPaul ideas in the bill.  Cross state line buying groups.
Sounds like you can vote for this very bad H/C bill and the people in your State won't care, you brought them nothing.
A bit like Trump, he said he could shoot someone on empty N/Y street and his base, that's you, wouldn't care. ......
Please explain in detail, how is it better and who does it benefit besides the donor class?
John, vote against obama care repeal!!!
Plz explain how it is better than Obamacare???
No...No it's not @JohnCornyn But that you think it's better is a travesty and shows how you think. Pathetic
Texas no 1 at killing mothers- Cronyn is the actual worst at his job. Would like to murder more mothers.
You have no basis for passing this bill.
If you vote yes, your sentencing humans to their deaths. How do you sleep? Make your own history books.
I'm not a wealthy donor, just an average American who expects more of my representatives than you routinely provide.
Better for who? The Republicans or the American people? This bill is not better for the millions of Americans that will lose healthcare.
You destroyed Obamacare before it was implemented. Fix what you did to it.
I live in Texas ostensibly making me one of your constituents. You do NOT represent me if you vote for the Graham-Cassidy abomination.
No, Sen. Cornyn, Graham-Cassidy is NOT better than the ACA.
Please explain how old people being kicked out into the street is "better."
How is making my children uninsurable "better than Obamacare"? How can you claim to be pro-life and support this bill? You can't. VOTE NO.
Better for whom, you witless wastrel?
you can do better than that, sir - improve the system
What he means is they are getting rid of all the good President Obama did for us. People should not have used Obamacare as a nickname. #ACA
It's like you're actively seeking ways to hurt people and make sure more young women die. TX maternal mortality is a tragedy.
No, it's not. It's ableist and misogynistic and terrible. We need socialized medicine.
Hang it up dude. Your mind is gone.
Cut off Planned Parenthood!
