GOP Senate health care bill revision already teetering on edge of collapse. http://abcn.ws/2tU4eOb  
You must be one of the most tone-deaf politicians in Washington today. And that's saying something.
Why are you continuing to push this bill that you have constant negative feedback on daily? That will hurt your voters? Seriously - why?
I wouldn't currently have coverage if not for ACA.  I can't wait to volunteer for and donate to your opponent's campaign.
And I do NOT have coverage today because of ACA... full repeal!!!!
Full repeal won't help. The markets have changed so much that is *not an option. For anyone. Please research.
How are free markets not an option?  It is the only option for affordable insurance...
Because we don't live in 2008 anymore. The "free market" line you've been fed isn't a magic fix like you've been told. Markets in the
current climate would collapse under a straight repeal. Then there's the moral and ethical dilemma of booting literal millions off of their
All these negative comments.  Why isn't Texas blue?
Hopefully soon. 

#TurnTexasBlue
I wonder that every cycle. How do my fellow Texans vote for these ultra partisans? It's not in their interest.
We did elect Ann Richards and Mark White some time ago. Then the redistricting started and here we are!
A great article in New Yorker a couple of weeks ago about TX politics. We were blue until Carl Rove started partisan gerrymandering here.
Think we can turn it blue (purple) in 2018?
Cruz. Abbott
Maybe. I think it is more purple than we are aware of. The gerrymandering is so bad that out of 6 reps that cover Austin, only 1 is Dem.
Austin of all places? 
Hopefully. Cant stand Cornyn either but he's got til 2020.  Unless he quits when dems take over in 2018
I know! We are majority blue in Austin, by a pretty wide margin. Yet our reps are red. Unbelievable. Would be great to defeat Cruz in'18!
Hahah. You're delusional
How's that progress going ?
Repeal, THEN replace. Check your e-mail.

Bahahaha!!! You're a disgrace to this amazing state
How does it feel to be constantly wrong literally all the time?

Life comes at you fast wouldn't you say Senator-- #EpicFail
This tweet didn't age well
 Dolt.
You're such a goddamned sell out to your overlords.
Ha ha ha! No you're not.
Cornyn's tweet didn't age well
My colleague @SenMikeLee and I will not support the MTP to this version of BCRA. #HealthcareBill
Alt facts. #LIAR
What is @JohnCornyn  gonna do now? I mean, I guess he can stop lying his ass off for a bit, rest up for tax reform and then back at the BS
Wait... why would you share this article? Are you being ironic? Totally baffled.
Still waiting for that fulsome debate you promised, Senator. Still waiting for the complete transparency.
In the fullness of time.  Complete transparency and fulsome debate too https://twitter.com/jslovegrove/status/875726996692770817 …
Lying liar who lies.
I have a very simple question for you John. What did you tell the people of Texas you would do in regards to Obamacare?
.@JohnCornyn lied.  Repeatedly.  He has now  written a bill to kick 3,520,000 of your Texas neighbors off of health insurance.
What happened to tbe health-care bill?
You make me ashamed to be from Texas.
Corn Johnyn
Fake News from a Corrupt Representative.  What are YOU going to say when CORRUPTION/COLLUSION IS PROVEN..... " it's ok" UNPATRIOTIC STOOGE
How's it coming?

Heard Mitch delayed the vote? Now THAT'S progress! #FlushTheToilet
REPEAL. with a 5 year safety net while getting free market in place.
Been there.  Done that.  Didn't work nearly as well as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.  #PayAttention
On what?
If your plan is so good why won't you be on it?
....towards perfidious disaster.
This proposed bill is BS Senator. You know it, I know it. Repeal like you promised or we will repeal you.
Why has it taken 7 1/2 years to start working on health care. It should have been completed and ready to go 6 years ago. Poor management!

Let's see the proof. Talk is cheap



Not good enough for members of the Senate though?
Y'alls bill is quite literally the opposite of progress. #repealandgofuckyourself #wealthcare
STOP the madness and do what you promised #FullRepeal you swamp creatures 
Спасибо товарищ!
Jerk
@ThisWeekABC - At ur coffee, I could tell. You don't believe the polls. I guess defeat - esp when Cruz loses 2018 - is only way
@ThisWeekABC - Americans want ACA fixed & want no part of GOP HC plans. Why do you continue to push for what ppl don't want?
Making good progress: GOP has had 7 years & still can't ptepare a bull in public. Secret proceedings & stinks. Disgraceful. Need more yrs?
Um, good progress would be a full repeal. #UltimateFail #RINO Can't wait to primary you with @DwayneStovall.
@ThisWeekABC I hope the progress is for failing.
Set a low bar, maj whip. So low submarine races would be exciting. Obstructionists can't govern.
Best progress would be FAILURE of the health care bill
So is Congress going to be on the same plan that is being proposed? If it's good enough for us, it should be good enough for y'all.
@JohnCornyn  Dude. Make it simple. Just give us the same healthcare you have and we'll call it good. #HealthcareEquality
Repeal & replace was promised. $16,000K premium & deductible + 40% copay on Obama bronze plan. Crushes budget on fixed income.
You wish!  All of us in Texas wish you would come to your senses and remember why you were elected!
Only 12% of Americans support this. Why do you, John?
Would love to be a fly on the wall when you hear the words "Depart from Me, for I know you not!" on that day you come face to face with God!
Progress on collapse?  I certainly hope so!
Congrats Senator, you are closer to taking away ppl's healthcare.  How do you sleep at night. POS. #SHAME #DoYourJob
@ThisWeekABC Does it cover preexisting conditions?  Chemo?
YAY!!
Towards collapse?
Why do you insist on proceeding with #BCRAP / #Cruzcare when an overwhelming majority of Americans want you to improve the #ACA?
Trump and his health care needs to go NOW ! Trump is a traitor to our country !!
This abomination of a bill must be stopped. It would harm millions of people. #saveaca
As opposed to bad progress?
Teetering on the edge of collapse is "good progress"?
The way I see it you are making progress in destroying the trust between the Republican Party & the American people! Congrats!
We don't want this bill! Trump and his team have committed #Treason. You need to focus on removing @realDonaldTrump from office NOW!
Please repeal Obamacare. That's what was promised
Yay! You must be so excited! All those huge tax breaks for rich ppl while the poor among us lose healthcare. 3 million Texans with no care 

@GOP grow a pair and #FullRepeal as promised! No Obamacare Lite! @tedcruz @RepArrington 

Single-payer = rationed care = #CharlieGard
keep whipping gop on hcare vote.
Maybe don't pat yourself on the back for progress made in 1,000,000 Texans losing insurance by 2020. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
This really isn't your account is it? No one can be this dumb. No one.
#PartyOfCorruption #cowardcornyn
All the GOP ran in 2016 for a FULL REPEAL!  You are all LIARS!
You're referring to the renaissance of Journalism, right?
So the "edge of collapse" is "good progress"? Are you high on snortable chocolate right now John?
As one of your constituents, I'm telling YOU TO VOTE NO!
You forgot the smiley face at the end of your tweet. :-(

Opinion: The GOP’s moral rot is the problem, not Donald Trump Jr. http://wapo.st/2usfyo4 
Are you going to exempt yourself from its coverage?  If the answer is anything but no, it must still suck
REPEAL FIRST, then replace
That's a lie
Stop.  The people don't want this damn bill.  It's just a tax break for the rich and your constant trolling and spin is gross.
You sold out the children of Texas when you voted for Betsy DeVos.  This will inflict further damage.  Pack your bags, sir.  Time to go!
Texans John is at it again. NO CBO score before vote. don't let them take your healthcare away.
WTF sen? Y'all 'forgot' to put the Cruz amendment to the CBO in time? How stupid do you think Texans are?
NO debate or vote should be allowed without Cruz amendment CBO score! Breaks rule of reconciliation plus what's the hurry. NO!
