You don't work in the private sector John. This will kill their recruiting.
I'm proud Google stood up to this nonsense. Pay/gender inequality happening right now to my daughter John, is that ok w you too?
Watch the Democrat news MSNBC and they can't believe Trump said that they are set back by this too many years under Obama not used to having
Where is it written inconsiderate, sexist and misogynistic assholes have a right to employment? I would've thought you'd be PRAISING Google!
The article fails to state what he said. It was offensive. Also, not aligned with the company's protocol. What's that about biz & small gov?
You do realize women vote, too, right?!
Did you actually read the memo/manifesto? Just when Google is revealed to be paying female employees much less than male counterparts...
The memo-writer sends out a 10-page document asserting all the ways he believes women are worse at tech. Yeah, I'd fire him.
He participated in the marketplace of ideas. Google did not want to buy his loser ideas and exacerbate their PR problem. Sounds OK to me.
Not to mention that he created a TEXTBOOK hostile work environment, both for himself and his female coworkers.
How so?  Can you cite specifics?
Man writes 10-page screed about why women are bad at tech. Man distributes memo to co-workers (who include women). Hostile work environment.
Exactly. I don't know how this could be more clear.
Please read this:
I didn't want to have to rant about the reaction to the #GoogleManifesto, but I figure that I should put my two cents into the discussion.
are you suggesting women are less than men?  Are you suggesting women are not equal to men?  Not as smart?  Not as competitive?
Republicans party pillars of 2020: white supremacy, fear, hate, also fuck sick people and women's bodies. There I wrote it for you

Kind of like our president??
Watch out, Senator. Your misogyny is showing.
Funny. Natl Review is an Republican echo chamber.  -"biased toward conservative causes through story selection and/or political affiliation"
Funny? Typical of @JohnCornyn, Sen Propaganda Consumer/Echo Chamber Extraordinaire
Of course they're hypocritical John, they're a business, it doesn't mean they're being unfair. Other companies would have done the same.
@JohnCornyn Please take the time to read the text of the memo written by the Google employee:
Repubs who tell us that a private corp has the right to hire/fire whomever they damn well please are now PISSED about this? Hypocrite much?
Are you abdicating for the government takeover of google? How is sticking your nose in this allowing the free market to work?
We need to fire you because you're a spineless rino. I'm voting for whoever runs against you in the primary.
Oh yes, he dared challenge the establishment which somehow oppresses young men by paying them more and giving them more leadership positions
Textbook case of creating a hostile work environment for his female colleagues.
You mean like the old white GOP men in Congress who won't allow elected officials with original or opposing views to get a word in edgewise?
No. NoNoNo. Co.s fire workers who create hostile environments. Data shows diversity improves profits & this guy undermined that.
Alternatively: Man Receives Consequences for His Actions
Wait - so you approve of the actual contents of the misogynistic memo? #wrongsideofhistory
Town hall time!  And when is yours???
Why are you so sexist? Don't you think as a leader you should try to treat and think of your constituents equally?
John, you need to read the article. What he claimed and what he did were two different things. He wasn't fired bc of his views
Google and any other company for that matter should be able to hire and fire as they wish.
Freedom of speech does not mean you get to say whatever you want without consequences-1st Amnd. doesn't protect you from criticism.
As the Republican father of a 13-year-old girl who excels in math & science, I vehemently disagree with your take on this.
I DARE you to face your constituents and hold town halls.  #TownHall #CornynCoward
If standing opposed to sexism = ideological echo chamber to you, that speaks volumes about how you view women & their concerns.
Interesting that he POTUS is recognized that can fire a US attorney for ideology, but Google a non governmental entity can't?
Not to mention, who sends a huge memo claiming women might be biologically inept at coding to his colleagues? Who does that?

TX Senator tweets another disingenuous, misinformed message to dwindling base.
So you're saying you'd like to regulate corporations to protect employees from getting fired for shooting their mouths off? You lil liberal.

Diversity of thought should never be allowed. I applaud Google for firing him for the exact thing he was accusing them of. 
Lawsuit!!!
They fired a sexist jerk
So you believe women are naturally inferior, John? You seem like a great human being.
How is your long August vacation working for you?
No, John. Google fired an employee who violated their contract with the company. Sorry to disappoint you and burst your bubble.
Good time to invest in #DuckDuckGo https://duckduckgo.com/about 

Here is a venn diagram to explain the week in news thanks 
I will choose the ideological echo chamber that opposes misogyny and racism every damn time. You?
Are you here and now, saying, that .@JohnCornyn believes men are genetically more apt to be engineers than women?
Shitty article. The point that political opinion matters to your career is literal WHITE MALE PRIVILEGE. Congrats- finally consequences.
It's an ideological echo chamber to think that women are equally capable?  What century are you living in?
Does this mean you agree with the views expressed in that memo? Or that you feel companies may not have code of conduct policies?
And again, use reputable news sources. I'm not rewarding that particular producer of partisan dreck with clicks.
Not first ammendment. This is harassment.
In which we discover there is absolutely NO hill, however misplaced, that conservatives are unwilling to die on to show "those libtards." 
and where were you when Sessions starting trampling on the 1st Amendment rights of journalists? (...crickets chirping...)
really?? You're a lawyer. He violated their Code of Conduct. He's fired. This is not about the 1st Amendment.
you mean Google did once what @POTUS does all the time?
You really are the worst.
He wrote memo at work and distributed to co-workers about how women are inferior. Not freedom of speech. This is Harassment.
Pot-Kettle, again,  Senator...you are existing in an ideological echo chamber.
Get back to me when your against the employers firing someone because they're Gay.
Aww!  So sorry most people don't agree with your anti-woman misogyny.  MOST Americans see women as equal people, not men's chattel. Jerk.


How about this censorship?
Thought police...Orwell was onto something
Oh please. Texas is an at will state where employees can be fired for no reason at all.
So you agree with the engineer that women are inferior and not suited for tech jobs? Good to know
Obviously u have a very tenuous connection to the real world.  In the private sector u can be fired for going against ur employers policies.
Not surprised @JohnCornyn would condemn the firing of a misogynist just because it makes women & liberals mad.  #petty
Did you read his manifesto?   The guy was an idiot...I have two daughters...I wouldn't want him at their company either.
Firing someone for being in an ideological echo chamber sounds good. I believe your time to get fired is 2020.
There's something else you can sit around and do nothing about, Cornyn.
Well, that's one way to put it. Alternate perspective: he penned a misogynistic screed and then distributed it to his colleagues.
More propaganda.  This was about an employee who didn't think women should be paid the same as men.  More @GOP discrimination.
Businesses have the right to create their own culture
And everyone wants to work a a company like Google.. "They have a buffet, and nap time.." I'll pass and live my life uncomfortably.. 
So you'd keep someone on your staff who sent the same memo to your staff critical of women?
Not a freedom of speech issue. Constitutional limits ONLY apply to the government. Google can fire this guy, for whatever.
Thanks for finally clarifying your opinion of women instead of just legislating our bodies.

P.S.: You know TX women can still vote, right?
Fired for embarrassing his employer. Fixed it for you.
Let's guess: you agree with the fired guy. You understand nothing, privileged, misogynistic white guy. This is why you need to leave.
#Loser
Wow, John. Did you read the memo? So, are you supporting this man's claims that women are inferior? What are you supporting here?
What kind of country do we live in if men can't openly question female intellectual capacity?
Have you noticed that almost everything you post has an "us" vs. "them" taint to it? Is it your intention to divide the people?
@google executives arent as smart as they think- thought police and given over to strong delusion! #EndOfDiscussion
Whichever staffer tweeted this clearly didn't read the manifesto (that's what it was). Rambling & incoherent document full of sexism.
John, have you been hacked?
- A concerned constituent
Get back to work. Full time trolling isn't part of your job description.
*"We are unequivocal in our belief that diversity & inclusion are critical to our success as a company"
*Fires someone who doesn't fit mold
Google fires dinosaur who holds to long disproved stereotypes. Senator, if white males are being discriminated against, this is why.
It's nothing to do with a 'culture of free speech'. Imagine if this manifesto had been about people of color. No question, fireable. /7
You just defended a guy who said most women are unable to work in computer and engineering fields b/c biology. Nice. A view you share?
So he writes a paper about why they are inferior. Anyone who does that AND SENDS IT TO THE WHOLE COMPANY should be fired. /6
This guy put a new gloss on misogyny. It's nothing new; it's just his own expression of it. He's tired of seeing females promoted probably.
Lately u have been falling into the trap of entrenching urself, as many old men do, but it's embarrassing when it's ur Senator who falls. /4
Speaking as a female with 10 years of experience in the oil industry. /3
There are enough barriers to entry for female engineers without them having to deal with this kind of crap. /2
Wow. Do u know anything about this story? He sent a sexist manifesto to the entire company. That's not "thoughtful critique." /1
John, we know you don't think much of women's rights.....
...you have a right to state your beliefs...
...but you are not free from consequences from your misogynistic views...
...and I and my @IndvsbleTXLege friends will vote you out.  Good day.
Well, he argued that Google should presume that women face biological impediments to working at Google. I guess he "dared" in that sense.
The left showing its tolerance!
The Left believes in equality for all, and supports women's rights, so excuse us if we're not tolerant of Cornyn's douchebaggery.
Your showing your wonderful tolerance!!
Google fired an employee who fomented a hostile work environment for women. That simple.
Fascism at its finest
this is very telling. A senator in the state with highest maternal mortality is more worried about a misogynist getting fired from google.
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5988f877e4b0449ed504e5ff/amp?utm_medium=twitter&utm_source=dlvr.it …
You are safe. You have never thought independently.  Is that why you won't comment on this? https://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/04/new-report-reveals-mcconnell-ryan-took-millions-russian-oligarch-tied-putin/ …
Oh @JohnCornyn you coming after women now?
Even when we Republican women try to support you @JohnCornyn you go and remind us of your viewpoints
Maybe you need to stop supporting him, since he clearly doesn't want to support you.
That "ideological echo chamber" = the legal requirement for a nontoxic workplace, John. When your idea is inequality, you can't collaborate.
Oh look, alternative facts used to justify tech wage & hiring disparity. Women don't handle stress well? Where have I heard that BS before?

So you support this guy's ideas? Good to know your true feelings about women in tech. Make sure your next STEM article says For Men Only
That is some first rate spin there, sir. Well done. #youfucker
Google fired someone who wrote falsely about gender differences in the workplace.
And you do realize you have been had regarding their anti-American inventor/patent lobbying and previous admin revolving door roles right??
So John, I'll ask too. When is your town hall? Texas voters want to discuss issues with you.  Healthcare, the F'ing wall, and other issues.
Obviously you didn't read (why am I not shocked) his memo. Or you agree with him. Which is it?
Retweeting this opinion confirms you think I'm a third class citizen behind men and fetuses. Disgraceful, Senator. I vote.
If you agree gender is more important than relevant skills, and you believe that's an "echo chamber" notion, you should be fired too!
Ah yes, another article from the great "National Review" where you read, scratch your head and wonder WTH he tweeted it. Your thoughts are?
Zero diversity of thought at Google.
GOP leader uses "IDEOLOGICAL ECHO CHAMBER!"
#cleanhoue2018  are you really this blind
Claiming his female colleagues were genetically unfit for tech is now an ideological echo chamber? They have company policies to adhere to.

Jumping on the Cosmopolitan Bias bandwagon too, you really are in lockstep with Trump administration
you post alt right ideas from fake news? You don't think women are smart? Capable of stem careers? Pathetic!
This is an excellent topic for a town hall. We're waiting for you to schedule them.
You're the worst.
Let's discuss the substance of this story at your next Town Hall...
Irony much? I know you don't want to discuss why a company in the PRIVATE sector chose this action. You just want to troll in a 140 char.
Should Google be forced to employ someone who says "women are underskilled neurotics"?  How can this person fairly hire/supervise women?
Question the quality control of that source, John.
You're defending a man who wrote a manifesto rife with misogyny. You agree with this man, John?

I didn't want to have to rant about the reaction to the #GoogleManifesto, but I figure that I should put my two cents into the discussion.
Exercising your 1st Amendment right is not consequence free. From your tweet it seems you support that employee's beliefs. Is this correct?
You couldn't find a better article with substance. This tells nothing of what the man said or what rules he violated. So basically nothing.
and up@40% of women w/engineering degrees leave profession bc of hostile male culture. (kind of like the senate) https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fhbr.org%2F2016%2F08%2Fwhy-do-so-many-women-who-study-engineering-leave-the-field&h=ATOQ6w7BBGmTRuCmkf7dA-Qt-C_zFTz9hnGp3q_w7H3Tn8JRiFJGs7oAqHBXI_2wY3kx9pIj4N_poM11cVbWhr9UvnqYwv5HfAYZCrmjfNU46HuKKswvXFC_mJg&s=1&enc=AZNXM5XvgZvcZqHadS-es-1Ic6GmSD2Ip4a84WxLTtSM19UHOkHndOfhx2W0kghOSxncquIDQ7RfbQnUJ09tcWqW …
Why don't you ever answer calls, emails, tweets, etc...from your constituents? Why won't you have a #TownHall?
Thinks Millions of Calls From Concerned Texans Are Part of "Establishment" Conspiracy
So, you think an openly sexist employee who spews sexist garbage at work should get to keep his job? I guess you can relate.
Well, he supports @realDonaldTrump. Enough said.
Tweets article from National Review about cultural echo chambers. Misses irony.

Upside of google memo: All of the misogynists are self identifying. #unfollowing #GoogleManifesto https://twitter.com/BuckSexton/status/894762341996400640 …
Please look up the word "irony" pronto. #TrumpCult
Shocking, an old white man is worried that white preferential treatment might be threatened. Got to protect the status quo right?
Crush my narrative? What sort of weight do you think your opinion carries? I imagine plenty of people think that. Opinions are like assholes
Speaking of freedom of speech. What are you want to do about witch hunt?
You feign concern. These people won't stop at what they control behind their own doors. They will wreck all who disagree with them.
You mean Google fires employee who seeks to maintain white preference & white supremacy by attacking google's efforts to grow diversity?
The nerve!
A female aide probably tweeted this for you.
After she brought his coffee.
And a bday present for his mistress.
I expect you will be hiring several Democrats for your office since having people who disagree with your ideology is the right thing to do.
Speaking of echo chambers...lol
Thank you, Senator.
This, from the guy who oozed out of the corrupt morass that is the GOP echo chamber.
He's just reminiscing about the good ole days
Did you actually read this article? Is this what you truly believe free speech is about?
Sorry you think that was a bad thing but good to know where you stand.
he argued that the low # of women in technical was result of biological differences instead of discrimination"
Technos eating their own. Kind of sad how much power Google has amassed.  Not sure we'd all like what it's dishing
I would love to discuss this with you and many other topics. When is your Townhall?  #TownHall
Thinks Millions of Calls From Concerned Texans Are Part of "Establishment" Conspiracy
If he is so upset about the overload on voice mail & website crashing he should hold #TownHall #CornynCoward
you almost copy and pasted the story and passed it off as your own. plagiarism john, tsk tsk. add a little Ensure to your morning coffee k?
What are your thoughts on the concept of your female Texas constituents not being biologically able to compete with men in technology?
John "keep 'em barefoot and pregnant" Cornyn.
Never seen anything like that before.  Oh, what is this link?
Nice.
Good to know where you stand. #votehimout #retire
Did he answer or did you assume his answer?
Do you not follow him regularly?
I do, but I had not noticed an answer.
He does not answer. You have to read his posts.
