Pray smarter, not harder.
Demand @SenateMajLdr follows the democratic process.  NO REPEAL!
We are all 1 unexpected diagnosis away from the fight of our lives. Must be nice to have comprehensive insurance that covers such diagnoses.
You mean the man with healthcare?  While you are voting to take that option from millions of americans!!  Listen to yourself and vote no!!
Tell McCain to resign now and let the Arizona Governor get someone in there that will get the job done. McCain's been an obstructionist.
I wouldn't wish his illness on my worst enemy but he has done done bad things like brokering weapons from Libya to Syrian rebels.
Yeah, lucky for him he has health insurance
Yeah imagine if he had #Obamacare. He'd have an $200,000 out of pocket cost and probably die on the waiting list for a doctor.
we pay for his and your healthcare you hypocrite
Under TrumpDontCare all the little people have is prayer, not real healthcare like Sen McCain
With respect senator, if you remain bonded to trump & party line voting, we will replace you, said one Texas veteran.
It's not really about being "strong" or "weak" tho, weird to describe it as a fight
You couldn't fill 1 shoe of his. Great that he has health insurance we pay for & that was exempted from your horrible bill.
Rarely do we agree sir. But @SenJohnMcCain is an American hero. I know every patriotic American is rooting for him!
You should look at his real history, you will think different of him.

Americans (voters and politicians alike) told Trump not to do this. He's flipped all of us the bird now. https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/888093999122309122 …
I'm happy he has health insurance.
Praying for @SenJohnMcCain but wondering what treatment he would get if he were covered under ur current proposed health care? #healthcare
I respect Mr. McCain, but it doesn't matter how tough you are.  This cancer is not survivable.
The Americans can people want you to #SavetheACA and repair it. Represent the people, that's your job
Mueller investigation is biased. Fsaiure for Republicans to stop him means they cannot governed
you guys have great health coverage. not us though
Cancer sucks, but McCain's record of fighting the left isn't very good.
John this is probably the only time I will ever agree with you
Look at you acting like you care about human life. Cute.
Good thing he doesn't have Obamacare!
He fought really hard when he read propaganda for the Vietcong instead of enduring the torture like the MEN did.
Sen Cornyn let forget political fights for a moment.
wait lemme get this straight...wish John McCain health but other Americans to die in debt from preventable illnesses? listen to yourself 
Well, that's one thing I agree with you on.
Jesus, a lot of one issue responses to the health of a man who has committed his life to public service.  I don't always agree, but respect.
We all wish John McCain a speedy recovery.  Good thing he has health insurance.  Healthcare is human right not a luxury
McCain is a patriot. Fortunate that he has insurance to pay for his treatment now. Wish all Americans could have that.
Yet U support @POTUS - an unChristian man who mocked him, a war hero? God Bless McCain. W/friends like y'all who needs enemies?
I don't have an ill wish 4 #JohnMcCain but I'm ONLY praying that #AZ return the "Goldwater seat" 2 someone Barry WOULD BE PROUD of! #McCain
We are praying for a speedy recovery and resignation so he spends time with family.
Texas republicans have been extreme in their dislike of moderates like McCain. I'll take McCain any day.
Yes, we are.
Get to work
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump
Do not let POTUS bully his way on the ACA. Standup for all of us like John mccain
Prayers for @SenJohnMcCain. Glad you guys didn't have time to cut his Medicare before he was diagnosed. #cancersucks #trumpcaresucks
A true American hero
Good thing he has health insurance.. If only ALL Americans had access to the same plans.
Amen.
He's no American hero. Do your research people. Every Vietnam vet I've spoken to has nothing good to say about him
I'm just waiting for @GOP to blame this one Democrats or Obama, somehow.
John McCain is one of the biggest problems in this country today. He'll get zero sympathy from me. Wake up people
I wish him the very best. While I cannot imagine his sacrifices as a POW, I do know what it's like to have a life-changing diagnosis.
I wish all Americans could fight cancer without worrying about bankrupting their families on top of it all.
Very sad news for an American hero (even if the CIC disagrees). Glad he has great healthcare. We all deserve great healthcare.
You still ok with the criminal in the White House, bro? History will judge you harshly
Everybody deserves the chance at LIFE that John McCain has. I join you in wishing him a speedy recovery as well as #HealthCareForAll.
This is why you don't take #healthcare away from #Americans, John.
Sen McCain is a GreatAmerican. Sending daily prayers & positive thoughts
sorry but realistically there is no chance against glioblastoma
How do people not know this? He's going to die. Why are people praying for recovery? Clearly they should be hoping for a comfortable passing
I too hope for his speedy recovery & hope all Americans would have same healthcare he has if they found themselves in similar situation

what has your president said about this tonight?
And the dullard leader of our party is silent. Maybe he doesn't like people who get brain cancer either.
You tweet was either stole from the president, or by the president. Either way it's very crappy
Here, I can agree with you. I don't always support his views, but he is an an amazing American. 78751
Here's wishing him a speedy recovery! 
Prayers
Praying is stupid thing to do......give him medicine thay heals praying is just your imagination
He has been ill for a long time. Senators need a medical exam to continue service.
How did this happen? You were respectful and showed good judgement. This is completely out of character for you.
Fighter for globalist.
Ha! We agree again?  Did the earth move for you?
#Silkway #diplomaticcontainers #Arsenal
Devastating diagnosis, but if anyone can beat it, McCain will.
This is sad news indeed.
Wish you had cared about my dad's cancer this much when you cowrote a bill that would kick him off his health insurance.
As is the works and greatful that he has heathcare others won't be
I hope he is ok! He is one of the true American Patriots and although I do not always agree I sure hope he is ok. #StayStrongMcCain
I have huge respect for and personal experience with MD Anderson Cancer Research Center. And, John, MD'll be hurt by your bill.
Yeah but ur a trump lapper
what about the man u constantly capitulate to, 45? what are his thoughts about a war hero... a man he said he didnt like bc he was captured
Ask the POWS who were with McCain if he was a hero. I promise you will hear a different adjective for him.
Amen.
I wish I could afford the insurance to take care of my ailments too but I can't because you won't pass any kind of affordable healthcare!
#FireDianaOrrock all the more reason she needs to go!
He should step aside it is time for new blood in the Senate!
This guy...
Would you be willing to take his place if it came down to it?
Someday all illness will end
Death will be conquered
Till then, look forward to that day by praying
Come quickly Lord Jesus like you mean it
No, I did pretty good in biology...& so-so in chemistry.
However, I suspect you have difficulty with theology
Typical liberal response fm U
Liberals usually start out with an insult
then proceed explaining how their answer is the only correct answer.
Mental illness is a diagnose
So, you think it's all liberals? Weird, because when I go into therapy, it's usually more conservatives.

I mean, that's my polling.
Makes you think about how God puts us here for a very short time. Doubt He/She puts anyone here to steal health ins. from 32mm people. #AHCA
No, that's biology you're thinking of. Your deity has done shit for anyone.
When will he resign?
Prayers for recovery! #savetheACA #nolifetimecaps so all people can fight cancer! My son is a survivor!
Amen..!! Many prayers for John McCain..!!
