You and your party are elitist fascist. You place your party ideology ahead of the needs of the people so you can get rich w/o earning it
Tell 45 yo stop causing them.
Start by providing health and mental health care for our vets.
Climate change= national security threat. Or will that be something you leave out?
How about investigating how Russia interfered in our election?
Senator, what is your stance on #H1B visa program that turned into total scam? Looks like nobody in Congress cares. @GOP @TheDemocrats
What are our national security threats?  The ones that POTUS didn't cause with his tweets??
We could've talked all about military readiness during a #TownHall while you were in Texas but I guess you preferred to do photo-ops instead
Any chance you stop ignoring the elephant in the room.  Trump/Russian cooperation is real.  #Constituent
You need to be working w/your colleagues on #Trumprussia collusion. Now. Before @realDonaldTrump does terrible damage to this country.
Let's first and foremost address the variable of the war that was waged on our country by the POTUS. Nothing makes sense until we know.
Military operating under CR is like a person trying 2 pay a mortgage living paycheck to paycheck. No way to defend our nation. #KeepFighting
remember when I wrote you 20 letters seeking asylum for a US military interpreter and you did nothing? Could have started there.
With this Commander in Chief we would grossly bungle another war
will you be giving us an update on Senate Intelligence committee ? seems to be dragging its heels.what are YOU doing ?@Txlege @TXDemWomen 
How about you stop the dangerously incompetent one in White House from poking the dangerous one in N Korea
One way to do it is through strengthening our domestic sector. Education, equality, healthcare. Build stronger communities.
Lots of talking, not much listening.  Town hall?
You mean like the threat of Russians taking over our gov?!? Oh wait ... that already happened and you don't even care! #GodBlessAmerica
You mean the Russians we are on the brink of war with?
If this involves raising the military budget while cutting domestic programs, may I suggest you try again?
Can't wait to vote you out!!!
Definitely after  our presidents statement tonight regarding NK. No wonder I can't sleep. Crazy president.
Does this mean you'll be advocating to place a 5150 hold on #Trump & take away his nuclear powers? He's our greatest security threat!
the threat is only growing b/c we are picking fights. US literally can't afford another war. #nowars #nowalls
Isn't Russia our greatest national security threat? Yet you sit there and defend Trump and help stymie the Intel committee investigation
You and @tedcruz are the biggest disappointments in Texas. Other than @KenPaxtonTX, that is. #NotEvenKidding
I'm afraid that #Trump will try to celebrate (distract from)his first 100 days w\a fireworks display (of the nuclear variety).
I have a way. Get rid of Trump. I never considered you a stupid man John but I do believe I have changed my opinion.
The President is the greatest threat to national security.
John Cornyn, we Texans expect you to VOTE TO BUILD THE WALL!! Stop being a RINO and get it done! That's why we elected Trump. Keep promises.
by deescalating?
I remember a time when a sitting President committing treason would have been considered a national security issue. #Constituent
Bungling & arrogance are causing threats to increase. Time to stand up to the Liar #DoYourJob
Great! Start with 45's crew & their meddling in matters they know nothing about. We're watching & we vote.
So u r admitting that national security threats r growing under trumps failed "leadership"! Getting it.....finally!
When will we get to see Trump's tax returns? We are NOT adding trillions to the deficit so he and his admin. pay less in taxes. Hell no 
Sounds like more $$ for the already flush military industrial complex Pres. Eisenhower warned us about.
Is the President among those threats?
The only growing threat I see is 45 and Republican enablers #treason
How about new boots.
How about you speak on the threat of our Prez cozying up to a Russian dictator? Nah, you're too much of a Trump yes-man to do that.
...against all enemies, foriegn and DOMESTIC.

ex: Flynn, Page, Manafort, TRUMP, Kobach, Epshtyn, Stone
The "array" has grown larger since the so called leader of your dog and pony show took office on 1/20.
Will you be discussing the growing array of national security threats created by this administration itself?
threats that your corrupt president is creating
How about looking into Why Trump can bomb a foreign country without Congressional approval. He gave Putin a heads up--maybe UR obsolete now?
You mean the national security threats we are creating?
What about your role into the Russian hack of our election process and collusion with the current president?  Should be priority #1
Better look in the Oval first.
please. Donald Trump is creating military threats out of thin air to distract from his ties to Putin.
Be sure and mention how that NUTJOB in the WH is a key national security threat
There wouldn't be a "growing array of national security threats" if we didn't have a dangerously unfit buffoon in the WH. #impeach
Russia trump independent investigate. ..no distractions
 we really need a national air defense system with sensor, missiles, and planes. Layered system.
Build the wall your constituency voted for. It will be remembered come primary time.
you might want to start with the White House  #trump100days
I hope you'll also mention the need to have a fully staffed State Dept full of experienced, VETTED staff to find diplomatic solutions.
#Texas should be the forefront of defense. We are the second highest state effected by illegal immigration as well.
Start by demanding Burr call witnesses n find out about the  Flynn n Page. N Y nepotism rules this WH or y he's breaking Emoluments clause
what @bstephbl said. While you are at it-deal with Russian interference & a White House that can be bought. Both are NS threats
One way, have Trump work with world leaders instead if pissing everyone off. @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible @maddow
Yeah. Speaking of pissing people off, what about MEXICO? They are our ALLY after all. Canada too. Are we in a trade war?
A friend is headed to the Vinson. Are you going to talk abt keeping our military mem safe? They're putting their lives on the line for us.
Are you going to address the dismantling of the State Dept? Seems pretty important since the admin is poking Kim w a stick.
#MAGA #GODBLESSTHEUSA
