No. 2 Senate Dem on Sessions testimony: It's hard to see how he can continue to serve http://hill.cm/lq8Kz33  
No, what's ridiculous is your defense of Sessions for not answering questions when you supported holding Holder in contempt for the same
It's on your website, in case you forgot. Care to explain why Holder can't dodge questions but Sessions can?
You also called on Holder to resign for not cooperating. Again, care to explain the double standard?

http://blog.chron.com/txpotomac/2012/06/house-panel-sets-vote-on-holder-contempt-citation-cornyn-wants-him-out-now/amp/ …
No, you, Mr. CORNYN are rediculous.   You cult member.
What is ridiculous is your blind devotion to ph as president when he is the worst president I have seen or read about in my 65 years.
What's ridiculous is yr double standard & that Sessions was confirmed in the 1st place #convenientamnesia #countryoverparty
Ridiculous @JohnCornyn is still in #USCongress with #Russians knowing more about @TheJusticeDept meeting them than #Americans?
@OneTermCruz
What are you getting for your outrageous complicity?
The left will not stop its assault on any who are not in their ranks.  Sound like a familiar radical group out of the Middle East?
Lying under oath is now legal???
impeachment. Before the full House could vote, Nixon resigned on August 9, 1974. 15)
Sessions sounded like an aging man with a very, very poor memory. He could only directly answer ? asked by GOP.
The number 2 Democrat is absolutely correct, time for the little liar to go
What is ridiculous is your partisan hypocrisy.  You demand things of Dems you refuse to demand of GOPers.  Partisan hacks don't belong in DC
It is ridiculous that he was confirmed.  Please put your party over country. Current admin is eroding American values and bipartisanship
of these recommendations became law.  So in case you need to revisit history, I have provided that timeline. #trumplies #executiveprivilege
to the special prosecutor. President Nixon complied and the recordings revealed that he had participated in devising a plan to cover up 13)
Sessions is unfit to serve due to his short- and long-term memory loss issues.
What are you doing to our healthcare?
I know Sessions is your friend. We think our friends are like we are, but that's not always true. You can't collude, lie, and evade. Jeffcan
The establishment of a permanent special prosecutor, and the creation of a permanent congressional legal service. Some, though not all, 17)
The committee submitted its final report including legislative recommendations on June 27, 1974. 12)
Yes, you are ridiculous.  Why do I just get voice mail when I call to express concern over the @GOP secret health care collusion?
What's ridiculous is your hypocrisy and blind devotion to an insane, corrupt, chronically dishonest, foolish, tantrum-throwing president.
On July 24 the Supreme Court ruled unanimously in a separate case, United States v. Nixon, that the president must surrender the tapes 13)
Not ridicules. If his memory is so bad then he shouldn't hold this position.
the White House connection to the Watergate burglary. Based on this evidence, the House Judiciary Committee adopted three articles of 14)
Totally unbelievable when he said he never spoke with members of the transition team the Rus' involvement in election. That or incompetent.
Only when it supports your viewpoint,  huh, Johnny? Session "forgot" about meeting with Russians, doesn't recall others, & dodges answers
It's a shame that Texas has a Senator who has no loyalty to the American people. Fret not. I pray and vote #2018 #2020 #txindivisible
Touché
The Watergate Committee’s final report recommended legislative action in three areas: regulation of campaign activities and contributions 16
No what's ridiculous is sessions forgetting or not recalling anything that the Dems asked. Should an AG really be that "forgetful"?
Ditto, Ridiculous
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
and other documents. The court dismissed the action for lack of jurisdiction and appeals affirmed the lower court’s ruling. 11)
On August 9, 1973, the committee took the unprecedented step of suing the president in federal district court for access to the tapes 10)
obstructing the committee.” Vice Chairman Howard Baker (R-TN) proposed that the committee take the president to court. 9)
and the doctrine of the separation of powers of Government requires the President to recognize this and to refrain from 9)
Senator Ervin rebutted that “the select committee is exercising the constitutional power of the Senate to conduct the investigation, 8)
Senator Ervin rebutted that “the select committee is exercising the constitutional power of the Senate to conduct the investigation, 7)
and the committee subpoenaed the tapes and documents. Nixon refused to comply, citing executive privilege and separation of powers. 6)
of the executive branch,” and the committee subpoenaed the tapes and documents. Nixon refused to comply, citing executive privilege and 5)
Senate Resolution 194 authorized the committee to “issue subpoenas for documents, tapes and other material to any officer
we need to post tweets you posted on obama and apply them here #TrumpTweets on himself
party before country john! #MAGA you would never ever have gotten those jobs without #loyaltyiseverything That is how u got here
would either corroborate or repudiate testimony that the president had knowledge of, and approved efforts 2)
FLASHBACK:  
Chairman Ervin requested access to the tapes, believing that they would either corroborate or repudiate testimony that the 1)
You're in the minority John.
Yes you are.
You tweet like an old lady in white gloves.
John do you actually read the comments on your twitter feed - just saying you might understand people better if you did
Ridiculous...that could be the name of your Town Hall Tour 2017!!  ...constituents can dream...
...that you all allowed such a morally corrupt & unqualified individual be appointed AG...Ridiculous indeed, sir...
You are the only ridiculous joke here. You will go down with the rest of them
Also ridiculous:Crafting a bill that affects 1/6th of economy in secret w/o holding a hearing or IDK 100. #wealthcare #AHCAisMean #DoYourJob
What's ridiculous is Rs in Congress continuing to ignore real problems. #USAb4party
Ridiculous is not answer questions with no legal reason but cuz  session wants to cover for trump and did not session out on it
Only "R" when it's not your man
no u
Ridiculous that he was ever confirmed. He's proving his incompetence (and ability to dissemble on 45's behalf) now. #priorities
Sir, let's pay attention today to the the tragedy that happened and the tragedy that you are doing to us baby boomers with #Trumpcare
Wow John you can say things that really upset the people u r supposed to be representing...$$$$ B4 Country ... We got u figured out !
You are a solidly partisan Senator, Sir, but you're wrong. BTW, found this video of you and Trump out on the town. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=UVNHcob3oJg …
I agree.  Sessions should resign.    I watched him testify and feel he should know better.  Misleading and vague answers to American ppl
Really?  Hypocrite.  He's clearly not well and in the throes of dementia (not to mention a racist, backwards, throwback to the 50's).
Thanks for your public service and for doing the right thing even when not popular on the left. Stay safe! Praying for you and colleagues.
I assume you are referring to Sessions' behavior, which truly is ridiculous.
Nope, not ridiculous. His choosing to not answer questions while under oath sure makes it look like he's hiding something.
Care to expand, Senator?
U r the one that is the sham. The AG of the US LIED.....under oath! He should NOT have his job....he should be removed. As should u in 2020!
My Senators are morons. ( @JohnCornyn & @tedcruz )
#CanCornyn2020 #LoseCruz2018
Why would we want someone to serve who cannot recall recent events?? Even if he's innocent, he looked like a bumbling fool. RIDICULOUS.
John, I cant wait to vote for someone else 
    -sincerely, your constituent.
No cornyn,u r ridiculous...everytime camera is on you...u r on ur phone fuckn around..this is serious shit...russia is real and u don't care
Care to elaborate John? Sessions perjured himself, and is holding the positon of USAG. You seriously dont see the problem with that?
Yes you are.
Ridiculous that he has not been impeached.  How many oopsies (lies) under oath are too many Senator Cornyn?  What if he oopsies about sex?
Not ridiculous- he seems to have memory impairment issues.
That's how many of us feel about you. And it's not ridiculous.
Nope. Not ridiculous. And I'll kept that in mind when I vote for your opponent next election.
Please resign.
Sessions had already committed perjury under oath. As an atty & AG this alone is cause for his termination. Ridiculous that you defend him!
If that was a #DEM appointed by God, you'd find a way to call it ridiculous. You are, ridiculous and you'll find out when we vote you out.
If you were paying attention...He has "0" credibility....AGREED?
He can't recall anything! So how can he be AG? Stop covering for your all boy's club.
I agree with the senate democrats
No. It makes perfect sense.
How can you continue to serve? subverting democracy - writing massive bill  in hiding - refusing to hold hearings or reveal contents.
I agree! It is ridiculous that this man is our AG.
Yes you are....
You - and your inexplicable trump defense - are ridiculous
Yes, it is utterly ridiculous that Jeff Sessions continues to be AG. Why did you vote to confirm him in the first place?
Why?  If Hillary had lied, you'd kick her out. She had 11 hrs but Jefferson B was nervous and had memory lapse in a couple of hours.
@thehill I say the same thing about you, ridiculous and silly.
Great! Looks like you're working on your resume for 2020!!  You're 1st tho @tedcruz!!!

Ridiculous. Sums up your work perfectly. 

#resist
Do you ever read the comments on your tweets?  So telling ... everyone hates you. I personally believe you are illegitimate. #ComplicitGOP
Remind me. What was your response when Holder didn't answer questions? #hypocrite #boybye #2020 #Sitdown #Focus
No....you are ridiculous...your support of the unethical administration is astounding.  #turntexasblue
Yep, I actually agree with you one something....YOU are ridiculous.  Oh, and completely lacking morals and a spine.
*on*
What's ridiculous is a party of grownups working in constant, frantic support of their unruly president and the bad decisions he's made.
What did you say about Eric Holder again? Life comes at you fast, Senator
We feel the same about you. Texas can do better than Cornyn and Cruz.
The dems are scrambling trying to find anything on this administration when there isn't anything to be found.  Pathetic.
What's ridiculous is (1) He's still AG despite lying under oath and (2) He won't answer questions but can't provide the legal basis for this
GOP refuses to defend Constitution, allows loss of democracy. Watch the cabinet meeting video if you need proof that something is awry.
Hypocrite, if the shoe was on the other foot you'd be saying the same thing. Try putting country over party.
What happened to "justice must always trump politics"?
And yet............ your double standard is palpable.
I was going to rip you a new one but I see that's already being done. Carry on patriots.
It is rediculous! Sessions is one of the MOST honest men. This man was my senator for almost my whole life. I TRUST HIM COMPLETLY!
For an attorney general he seems to have a hard time remembering stuff. Perhaps he's just "new" at this and should get a pass like Trump?
you are ridiculous in that you are refusing to fight corruption in the government.
Yes it is ridiculous that after this "testimony" no one will ever be fearful of appearing before a congressional committee. Rule of law gone
Right on! Not ridiculous!
#coverup by the #gop
He's also nothing more than a troll to afraid to interact with voters. He's a #partyshill that has done nothing while in office
Would you allow someone to work in your office that could not remember events or would not answer questions from your constituents?
He's the leading law enforcement office and is refusing to answer questions on some made up "priniciple". He isn't credible.
Equally ridiculous: secret healthcare bill in the Senate that doesn't go through standard committee procedure.
#CowardCornyn is a #hypocrite His questions weren't about Russia investigation but about HRC and irrelevant. He places #PartyOverCountry
Not ridiculous at all !! His theatrical angry obfuscation was juvenile a best not the behavior "We The People..." deserve from the USAG.
I'm glad to see you've gained some self reflection and clarity. You are ridiculous for your defense of this administration.
#byebye
What is ridiculous is that TX keeps sending you to D.C. That will change in 2020. #2020VoteYouOut
By God, We put in a racist for a reason and we are not getting rid of him just cause he colluded with the Russians!!!
It is ridiculous that the US AG and POTUS have never even asked for a detailed briefing on the Russian attacks.
I think most #progressives have totally lost touch with reality.  Sad day for America
For once we agree, John; it's ridiculous that Sessions can lie under oath and obstruct an investigation without being held in contempt.
Not really. What's ridiculous is your republican ideology that doesn't serve all Texans but the vocal few. #DoYourJob
Hmm. Difference between Sessions and Holder??? R and D or  W and B?
I agree, you are.
Not ridiculous....how can we have an AG who has admitted to not being truthful? To being complicit  in the Comey firing.
What is ridiculous is this continual elevation of party over country.
Obstruction of justice by 45 fits obstructionism by GOP 4 eight years. TX law schools can aid U identifying obstruct...& emoulements, etc.
John, resign, you're a terrible politician, you put party over country & show it every single day with your stupidity and brazen hypocrisy
Indeed, you are.
He couldn't recall much during his testimony; sounds like he's unfit to serve in that role to me.
no, its really not. Imagine if this was a democrat as AG. You would be out of your mind. This partisan bullshit is so bad for the country
Ridiculous that the chief law enforcement officer in the country can't recall anything & doesn't even know if policies he references exist?
I think it's rediciloys too that Sessions can lie and sell out this country and think there will be no consequences. GOP or USA?
@thehill Yes, his faux lapses in memory are ridiculous. Also ridiculous, his refusal to cite any law preventing his cooperation.
Perhaps you can gift your colleagues with this? Brain health is critical to to all, but esp. those in such positions of power.
I found it funny that Sessions could remember setting up the meetings and their purpose, but he can't recall what was discussed? Ridiculous.
please retire
What's ridiculous is y'all circling your wagons and putting party before country. 
Shame.

#SwampOfLiars 
#TheResistance
Sessions already committed perjury before today, but given that your potus is a liar, of course this doesn't matter to Rs
How are you supporting someone who can't recall ANYTHING being in this important position? It's mind blowing. 

#SwampOfLiars
Agree, it's ridiculous. Dems spread so much hate & division that it's a challenge to get work done. Don't let them do it.
Could you please concern yourself with healthcare for all Americans? A lot of us are dying out here. Wish we were fetuses. Maybe you'd care.
Yup, it was ridiculous that sessions has no memory of anything yet we allow him to serve. #SessionsHearing #fireHim #resist #DoYourJob
2020 baby... You're gone!
You're ridiculous. Stop dick riding Trump
DEM PARTY IS A SHAM AND AN EMBARRASSMENT 2 the AMERICAN PUBLIC. THEY R FULL of SOUND & FURY SIGNIFYING NOTHING!!!
Ridiculous that Sessions refuses to answer questions, yes. I agree.
Oh, you're ridiculous, pipe down. Stop carrying Trump's water for a minute or two.
18 times he couldn't recall, either dementia or lying. As AG- THAT is ridiculous
I'm what way? It would be more helpful if you included your actual reasoning. The way I see it, Sessions should have been held in contempt.
Ridiculous is how you in Congress (Both Sides) are allowing this blatantly corrupt administration diminish the integrity of the US. Shame.
Open your eyes Johnnie boy, it's very obvious. He is doing NOTHING to protect our democracy from the 100% verified Russian election attacks.
So your official stance is lying and obstructing or being medically unfit is fine as long as they play for your team?
AG of the US has no memory of important details, protects potus, not const & never ?s the general russia concern. Seems like incompetence.
Hope you mean 'His testimony was a ridiculous display of incompetence as AG', but Cornyn, so it's just more party line blather. #resist
Yes, you and Sessions are both ridiculous. Finally we agree on something.
What is ridiculous exactly? The whole situation or just GOP complicity in skirting accountabilty?
No it's not - you guys need to start doing your jobs - you included.
You are selling your country to a hostile power so you can keep your oil money.
What was ridiculous was the fact that YOU, Senator, were entirely off-topic at Sessions' hearing, which makes you complicit.
He lied in his confirmation hearing. He gave no actual information because he's a stooge and a liar, but "I don't remember" proves nothing.
YOU are ridiculous! GOP doesn't want to find out about Russian interference or collusion in our government! You are all traitors!
I was quite impressed with Sessions' testimony. I can see why Trump chose him now.
What's ridiculous was how evasive Mr. "I don't recall" was during his testimony. He's not fit to be AG, just as he wasn't fit to be a judge.
He doesn't do town halls after he got his ass handed to him at the last one.we were lectured to. When you talk shit it is hard to listen too
That you are in denial is ridiculous.
Dangerous thing, un-knowledgeable people hear this trash talk by DEM leaders & MSM nonstop, get whipped up to violence, e.g., this morning.
Oh and Fox never riles the base. Explain Alex Jones and Limburger.
8 years of obstructionism has a cure, Maj Whip. Resignation. No need 4 a physician 2 be involved. Do it now.
sessions is hiding something- it's so obvious. He didn't answer any questions. And you support this?
It's also difficult to believe we're stuck with you until 2021, please resign, please?
As your constituent I ask that you hold him in contempt and demand answers or policies or notes or get him out bc he is poorly mentated
How about you hit the pause button on the partisan crap for a min out of respect. I pay your salary...represent me!
I feel that same way about you not having a town hall!
Weren't paying attention? Are you sure you were in the same room?
yep one of your "friends"
A competency hearing is in order for Sessions... and pending your next tweet
Seasions submitted falsehoods to Congress -- verbally and in writing.

He refused to answer basic questions yesterday, with no legal basis.
@JohnCornyn is a legislating lobbyist that keeps corruption in place. @JohnCornyn represents his donors, not voters.
It is ridiculous that highest ranking legal rep is unprepared, citing unsupported policies, claiming exec priv w/o being an exec. A Yes man
No, John, it's not ridiculous. He committed perjury and contempt of Congress. You're blind partisanship is ridiculous.
Ridiculous how senators avoid their constituents these days. Town hall #CountryBeforeParty
No, not ridiculous. He wouldn't answer questions and couldn't cite a legal justification for not doing so. He's a liar & traitor, not AG.
Ridiculous that you put party first. #traitor
i agree, your loss of dignity is ridiculous and I think Texas voters should elect someone who has a set of nuts to do their bidding.
