I'm going to compile a spreadsheet on how u voted on every issue during the Obama admin & if u deviate I'll post to social media
and what are you doing to help, Senator? And how does Trump's recent EO or his coziness with Russia help Syrians? #MuslimBan
Taxation without representation Senator, one sided governance?
I have to point out how shameful this post is sir. If you have a purpose or ideas, present them. This reeks of politicking.
Nice job politicizing a humanitarian crisis while denying entry to refugees! Red letter day for you.
Why do you care?  Trump's travel ban sure wouldn't solve any problems in Syria
I find it offensive for you to criticize the former president.  Think of his wife.  She is a really fine person.
"Feckless" is the word I've been searching for to describe YOU. Thanks. #fecklessjohncornyn
so do something about it! Stop blaming and do something to help. You're all talk.
AGAIN:  You represent TEXAS. Not Syria.  Try to remember.
so easy for you to blame Obama. What have you done in the last 7 years?
You opposed military action in Syria, Feckless John. What DO you stand for? #CrookedCornynMustGo
Senator, there is no better reason than this to accept as many refugees we can into our country.
you should really stop crying like a baby  Obama did not cause this
Oh, wait, you care about Syrians and want to help them? Well, there's this thing called the refugee program...
Wonder if President Trump's approval of Russia's Putin plays any part in this most recent tragic act? How will we react?!?
somehow thinks putting our soldiers on the ground in Syria would have helped?Really?Yeah...blame Obama.Ball's in your court now.
What?! I don't even have an articulate response.
The Red Line was a grave error.  But don't mistake responsibility.  Bashar Al Asad & Russia did this.
Bullshit.
YEMENGHAZI!   TRUMP FOR PRISON!  GOP CORRUPT LIARS BOUGHT AND PAID FOR!
Yes. Let's fix this problem by refusing Syrian refugees into our country. That'll fix it.
or perhaps because they have an evil dictator for a leader who is propped up by Putin
This war was supported by Putin, President Trump's friend.
Glad to know you support preventing more of these tragedies by bringing refugees to Texas.
so we still going to go with Trump's plan and team up with Russia then?
I messed up my tweet. Sonofabitch!
That's it John, beat war drum, lets invade Syria, maim and kill more Americans and squander more of our finances. Chicken Hawk
If only there was some place these political prisoners could go, a land of free people who have liberty - just spitballin' here.
2/2 American people disagreed. Congress didn't act and Obama gets all the blame!
1/2 To summarize; Obama said we needed to act but asked Congress to authorize and share accountability since
This is Putin and Assad.  Can't you just be responsible for the GOP backing trump who backs Putin
do you even read these stories? Executions had nothing to do with Obama. He is not a Syrian leader.
so where is your push to do something now that Trump is in office!?
Better keep out the people that are running from these atrocities, looking for a better life for their kids. #NoBanNoWall
And yet you don't want Syrians to get refuge in this country. Shameful. #humanrights @JohnCornyn @washingtonpost
Couldn't be due to Putin assisting Assad, right? You know, POTUS's bff? Maybe you should take it up with him.
Man, you're as delusional as all Trump supporters. I am so ashamed I voted for you once. I believe your lies. #jellyfishsenator
right.. Obama's fault again. While djt BANS these ppl! Ur "conservative values" r showing. (See FB). Shameful
2/2 they (not surprisingly) don't, and he gets all the blame for what follows.
So that means you're gonna do your best to get us into another war? WFT!!!!!
Trump could change that by going against the Russians who keep supporting Syria. But that would take money out of his pocket!
Wow you really struck gold with this article! Get to blame Obama for something and pretend like you give a shit about refugees
wow if only we could save these people by letting them into the US.
We should address this tragedy and take more refugees, right?  Do you want to help them, or just posturing?
obama administration is out. Who will you blame when anything goes wrong now? Certainly not your beloved supreme leader
expertly demonstrating how republicans exploit tragedy for political gain
oh good, so glad you're going to work to bring refugees to the US. #NoBanNoWall
I assume you support having more refugees come in then? I doubt it, you've already sold your soul. #votethemout
.@JohnCornyn @washingtonpost You don't even care about children in the US. Why should we believe you care about brown-skinned foreigners?
another day, another article tweeted by GOP partisan hack @JohnCornyn to attack his political opponents over something he won't do
You recognize you bear real responsibility for this too, right?  This tragedy is on you, too.
I pledge to vote against John Cornyn and contribute to his opponent in the next election.
You are as corrupt as the crooks you vote into the cabinet. #CrookedCornynMustGo
and your solution in accordance with our Supreme Leader is to ban them and let them rot in a war-torn country! Good job.
well what have you done about it? You have no right to point fingers. Do your job!!
JOHN... PLEASE...NAME THE TEXAS SENATOR...TRUMP WANTS DESTROYED ????
oh you mean the foreign & domestic policies the GOP did everything they could to block for 8 yrs?
ah I see you and Donald both love the taste of Putin's rooster. You shame TX with your DeVos greed.
Like you or any of your cronies give a damn about Syria. Y'alls stance on refugees says it all.
Why is your office just letting the phone ring right now, John?  Texas has no use for cowards.
Shame on you, Senator Cornyn!! Shame on Texas!
So do you support banning refugees from Syria?
U r a sickening excuse for a human. No amt of racist blame shifting will change that. Blood on ur hands and soul
Thank goodness we have a president who will help refugees fleeing persecuting. #ohwait
Enjoy your term...you won't have another. The movement against you spineless Republicans have begun. We need Young Republicans
the tragedy is people like you that would rather see a child die in Syria than get to safety. Pathetic Senator
"Fecklessness" is a partisan Senator who refuses to represent all of his constituents.  Country or party, Senator?
- give it up.
DeVos is unqualified to lead the Dept. of Education. Do the right thing & vote NO on DeVos
VOTE NO ON DEVOS I AM BEGGING YOU!!!!!!
Does this mean you are going to help these people now and allow entry or stand up to Asad and Putin/Trump?
How does it feel to be despised?
you can't put what's best for public ed above Party and you call Obama feckless? Your yes to DeVos is feckless
careful now, this is a Russia-aligned govenrment that Trump wants to cooperate with
.@JohnCornyn And the Syrian lives that will be lost due to the Ban? Their blood will be on your hands. Refugees are not terrorists.
so does the travel ban help the people trying to escape? Or does it turn them away, to be converted or murdered? #MuslimBan
and the American thing would be to help these folks by helping them Escape this tyranny
I hope your behavior and choices right now make this your last job in politics ever.  People over party
you are scared of Bannon. Sad.
Putin supports Assad. Would you have signed off on a war w/Russia? No. You can't even stand up to Trump, the president. Coward.
8 years od doing jack shit. Now you blame President Obama?   We are not stupid. Don't insult us.
Your Honor, I can only guess of the perpetual hate shown on the face of those on this site. Be strong.
These poor people only represent two out of how many?
Sir, how does Obama bashing and refugee ban make things better? Time for solutions not politics.
What exactly are you saying? How did Obama cause this? Be specific please.
. @JohnCornyn Smh I Didn't Vote You In But I Fully Intend To Lead The Movement To Vote You OUT In #2020 #SPINELESS #COWARD #holdthefloor
But let's not take any of their refugees because terrorism.  You don't get it both ways.
You'd almost think there might be some way to help prevent this. #NoWallNoBan #acceptmorerefugees @JohnCornyn
speaking of real feckless "Devos?"
Senator, do we have any responsibility to assist the refugees from this “so called” fecklessness? should we just turn our backs?
Blaming Pres. Obama!?  Are you serious!?  How about blaming donald's buddy, putin!?  Or putin's henchman assad!?
seriudly, are you hearing yourself? FFS @washingtonpost
John, you spend a lot of time deflecting on social media rather than doing your job. Grow a spine and grow up!
When you use @washingtonpost articles, you require a $9.99 subscription to read your tweet. Do you get $?
Your feckless leader, Trump, is in Putin's pocket and you know it. Situation in Syria won't change under Trump.
@GOP Whos the real terrorists? the GOP is determined to snatch access to health care from millions of Americans!
Oh, now you care about refugees.  So, what's your solution?  Put boots on the ground I bet. War is your only solution. Hypocrite
I think entire GOP has drunk the Kool-Aid.
ur lost in the past johnnie todays happenings are all centered around your guy buck up buddie @POTUS could hurtu
you Rs are looking bad. You have both houses and presidency and accomplish nothing? Congress' fault. Trump is trying.
suggest u go in there and start knocking some heads and crackin' the whip! Results, results, results! Not words, excuses, talk
Your Leader wants to keep doing this with Putin attached to his hip. Resign now and save your family the shame.
swing and a miss Obama
The correct response to this is to ban refugees? Please focus on the Betsy DeVos confirmation hearing and just vote NO.
lolololololol YOU OWN THIS NOW SENATOR
and Tump is buddies with Putin who is working with Syria to kill those opposed. Hmm...will you stand up against Trump?
that is EXACTLY why we need to help them. You are such a hypocrite!!!
U r lying in faces of precious young MURDER VICTIMS 4 ur gain Russia aided their murders
Putin who ur in bed w/
Think of your support 2 turn away victims needing 2 flee 2 safety 2 survive.
YOU DON'T CARE!
UR LYING FOR GAIN!
I'd argue, but you're definitely the expert on fecklessness. Answer the phones so I can say no to DeVos again.
Again, 6 year GOP majority on the hill and what do you have to show for it? Not much else than strife. Get to work.
So do something about it. How about we start by NO on Devos #NoonDeVos #devos
You mean like the refugees who will no longer be able to migrate here, b/c of your fuhrer?  Don't feign like you care.  #fascist
so what are you doing about it?? Supporting the ban... Stop talking about Obama and start helping
Ur proving the point that refugees need to be helped. NOW. We the people will not support xenophobia in the W/H.
The only fecklessness around here is your inability to put country over party and vote No on Devos.
SHAMEFUL. A Texas embarrassment
So good at blaming...So bad at solving  #anothersadlittleman
I'm glad you care about this crisis, and I look forward to your working to bring Syrian refugees to safety in TX
he doesn't give a fuck! He wants to CON YOU.
More Syrian tragedy when Trump signed his disastrous Executive Order banning refugees from Syria entering U.S.
Betsy DeVos is a NOT qualified to run Education dear Sir Vote her in at America's Peril #nobetsydevos
So you think refugees should be allowed in the US then?
Coward
why are you not answering me!!!!!
here is a novel idea, why don't we fix our problems before we go after everyone else's problems.
Syria is Obama's fault?  I hold Putin accountable.  Nice try.
And you and John McClown let it happen!
So I assume you support helping bring in refugees to get innocent civilians out of Syria?
still on Obama....you should move on boy we have a new sherif in town in Trump.
