Trumpcare by the numbers: 850% premium spike for elderly, 14 mil lose healthcare in 1st year, 1 in 6 w pre-existing conditions lose coverage
No. It's not.
Like, if your policies need to be lied about, maybe rethink the policies.
How would you even know?You haven't read it You're sucking up McConnell's spew. @GOP will ownTrump&NoTrumpCare FOREVER. Your legacy Be proud
Bullshit...
@RepAdamSchiff You told us all we need to know about you with that typically lazy tweet, Cornyn. You're an embarrassment to TX.
Can you elaborate?
Senator Cornyn, how's it fake news? you're disappointing the people that elected you, that supported your candidacy. cc @jayguerrero
Then make some changes in the next election.  This fella is definitely not a decent human being.
Do you care to rebut the CBO with your own factual analysis?  Please do, and hurry.
He is a Trumper. He is completely incapable of what you ask.
But talks about everyone else .He better lawyer up He is  right there helping McConnell in the covering up and lying .Greed
Yes and Cornyn could care less who he takes his dark money from Sold out to Putin like the rest
Your voters will be hurt by this. They won't forget where you stand.
What are you, four?
It's certainly the mental age of all Trump supporters
That's disrespectful to four-year-olds.
Yeah, that is really unfair to four-year-olds.
Fake representative. Fake values. Fake morals. Real jerk.
Fake patriot.  True partisan.  History has its eyes on YOU.
#FakeSenator. @AdamSchiffCA is a Patriot. You, "sir", are a shill and political opportunist. Country before Party, comrade.
@JohnCornyn #fakeamerican #fakesenator #fakerealman
You are an embarrassment, sir. Shame on you.
So rather than a 2 word statement, tell us what you think the truth is.
You continue to be an embarrassment.
Is that your excuse for not reading it? Do your job.
Cool answer John.  Really crushing it with the analytical engagement with a non-partisan report but hey FAKE NEWS is cool too.  Pathetic
Trump infected your brain. Texans deserve a senator who can think for him or herself
@RepAdamSchiff GOP has become Trump's megaphone. Everything they disagree with is fake news.
John- just because you don't like it, that doesn't mean it's fake. Besides, yelling FAKE NEWS all the time is really getting old.
Pitiful. Of all the things you've posted, this is the most juvenile. #disappointing #Trumplackey
Do you tweet just to see how many people are disgusted by what you say? I'll give you a hint - it's a lot of thoughtful, intelligent people.
I asked this question of his aide a few weeks ago.
Good job Out of curiosity, what did the aide say? Or did they just blow you off?
Actually agreed that many tweets seem unnecessarily antagonistic.
It's heartening that they recognize that!
@JohnCornyn its not!! Grow a set and fix this GOP disaster!!
I wonder what they showed your bank acct numbers/taxes would look like if this passes?!! Hmm??
You can't just say "fake news" to anything you don't like, Senator. Be a grown-up, please.
*picks up all the toys, stomps foot* - the senator from Texas probably.
That doesn't work anymore.  Trump's line and you see how many believe him.
No actual comeback. No argument. Just "na na na, not listening."
You are one of the main reasons I got the hell out of Texas and won't look back.
Why are you calling it fake news? You should be proud of these numbers - after all, isn't this the aim of the GOP agenda? Hurt the poor?
How do you state fake news without any evidence it's fake?
Prove it. Prove that data from a bipartisan commission is false.
Thank you!
What's the "C" in "CBO" stand for? I forget. Is it the same as the august body you continue to denigrate by your membership?
Or news that scares you because it's true?
Decrying math and numbers as fake is not helping your case, nor does it make Texas look good
That's disgusting! Have some intellectual honesty! It's a nonpartisan CBO score!
@RepAdamSchiff You are showing your toddler intellect Mr. Cornyn. You were elected to help your constituents.
Sorry. You can't just ignore all the news you don't like.
Still angling to be Pence's VP?
Lie. Lie. Lie. R's like you made me finally register as a D. I've voted both parties for the last 30 years. Clean house of Rs.
Constituent here: Let's meet up and you can walk me thru the CBO report. Very worried about the fake news!
Cornyn, you're trending toward FASCIST too with that tweet. I'm a constituent, a native Texan, and I will work my ass off to get you fired.
Truth. CBO's numbers, Republican director. You - Senator who wants your constituents to believe it's fake news.  That's traitorous.
Your entire party is fake. Stop lying to the American people.
I'm going to work with my neighbors here in Austin to ensure you are nothing more than fake news in 2018.
Don't quit your day job, on second thought, serious Texans wish you would
Okay. I guess that's it then. Scream "Fake News" like an insolent child and that relieves you of having to make a counter argument.
So...what are those of us who broke free from the cult?
Yes, I know. My random rage these days finds scorched-earth focus set on widest dispersal possible. Scary feature, that.
News you don't like or don't want to believe is NOT fake news.

One would think a US Senator would be smarter.

Or would one...?
Wow, I didn't even realize Adam Schiff was a reporter.

What paper/network does Congressman @RepAdamSchiff work for?

#CountryOverParty 
These numbers are literally from the CBO report, Senator.
How many times can you recall that the CBO report was accurate, Robotica?
Ask your 39 followers #FAKETWITTERACCOUNT
With all due respect, Senator, you really are an asshole.
Not the most eloquent or intelligent response I know, but when I tried going the high road you blew off hard facts, so here we are.
Appropriate, since Cornyn's auditioning for the front cover of the 2nd edition of @BenSasse's "The Vanishing American Adult"
Eloquence and intelligence is not necessarily warranted much when taking issue with most immoral politicians in modern times, Republicans
My grandma was a lifelong Dem 'til Bill Clinton's scandal. Became hard R afterward. Voted for Trump. Told me this morn. it was a big mistake
Sad that the failings of one man would cause her to take such an extreme tack. 
It's not the failings of one man. It's the Republicans in gov't who've enabled, condoned, & participated in the absolute mess we're in now.
Republicans railed for 8yrs against ACA, claimed they had a better fix. Now they're in control & what they're putting forth isn't what
You're probably right‥ those are only the nonpartisan CBO's numbers. It's not as though they're qualified or unbiased‥ oh wait.
Nonpartisan CBO with a director who was appointed by Republicans.
Seriously !

I'm so tired of this bullshit where we can't all agree that white is white, black is black, and wrong is wrong
"We've always been at war with Eurasia"
We've always been at war with Eastasia !
I thought it was Oceana ???
Oceania is the continent that's at war with Eastasia. The book is set in Oceania.
It's been like 40 years so thanks for the reminder! Or I could just accuse you of Fake News.
Calling facts you don't like fake doesn't make them so. BTW, CBO estimates were accrt once you accnt for GOP block of Medcd expnsn
You're just pissed he's got 3x the followers you have.  Half of yours are probably bots anyway.
You drank the KoolAid. You lost your dignity.
You've fallen down the rabbit hole of Trump's "fake news" argument aka KAC's Alternate Universe or better known as Trump's Anus
Your whole party is the fake news. The gaslighting of America
And they considered you for a law enforcement position?
#FakeSenator #FakePOTUS "Public servants" who just don't give a damn....
Dude, why don't you get some experts & some data, put it in some nice charts & go on C-SPAN & every news outlet & respond to analysis w fact
Absolutely f'n true, #asshat
Are you as crazy as Trump?
Wrong ahole, the cbo report, you lying about it makes you a liar

You're the fake news. Wait until all those 2nd amendment guys come looking for you.
Your days are numbered ..
The #HealthcareBill isnt healthcare @JohnCornyn its a tax cut in exchange 4 throwing disabled off insurance-shame on you and the @SenateGOP
This is the Republican Party right now
Right now? How about since 1996ish???
How about 1982 when Reagan screwed everyone with his  #trickledowneconomics and his #moral majority
Callous and irresponsible tweet senator. Party over country as never before. Sad times.
Jesus Christ, John. How is citing the CBO fake news? Stop sucking Mitch McConnell's cock.
Fake Senator 
I assume you mean "fake" because principled legislators like you will vote against the bill that would cause it & so it'll never happen?
To all of my fellow Texans, we can make changes in our Senatorial representation. Oust Cruz in 2018 and this clown in 2020. Who's with me?
I'm with you!
You guys are losing a lot of respect that will be hard to overcome for years to come. So glad I've changed my party affiliation.
That's the best you can do ?@JohnCornyn
Saving "the best" for last!
So the CBO is fake news?  Is that the best you have?
You should be ashamed of yourself.
What are your real news numbers, senator?
stop it. Just stop. Writing off what you don't want to hear as fake is delusional. You are a poor example for others to follow
You are a disgrace to Texas and America. I am embarrassed you are my Senator. You are in bed with the  now, good luck with that.
Sucks to be you senator. Sucks even more to have you as my senator
Ok then. What are the real numbers?
You've got to be fake, a real human couldn't be that stupid. 1st I thought you were just deliberately obtuse.
@JohnCornyn Your new name is Brownie. Make sure Trump signals his turns or you'll kiss his a$$  #PuppetYourAPuppet
Traitor
cornhole has a fake law degree from one of the worst law schools in the US
You've disgraced your office, sirrah. Why do you hate America and her people so much?
These are your own CBO numbers. Trump and his GOP enablers prefer "alternative facts".
Wouldn't it be nice if everyone would work together and fix the Ins. so it would work for all of us. Texas has the nicest people of all.
Fake News? CBO score is Fake News? Even if it is wrong it isn't fake news. At best it would be Alternative Facts. It isnt News. It is a Fact
In what way? It demeans you to write what you wrote.
Your children and grandchildren may not regret the future you are actively making, but many ppl like me will. I wish you had integrity.
Fake Senator
My dude, in an incredibly strong field of embarrassing Texas politicians, you're really running down that number 1 spot.
@JohnCornyn you're an #idjiot ... I will work to help you lose your job.
Grow up
Did you see the vigil for the heroes that died on a train because of a racist trump empowered? Resign you soulless man!
There are Fake Americans, they're all Russian actors behind fake Twitter accounts to trying to push the Russian propagandas.  Resist.
Seriously?
@RepAdamSchiff YOU are fake news. Your mom's fake news.
Instead of using empty slogans, refute with facts.
What is wrong with you? Have you not made enough money? Enjoyed enough power? Go home and let people who care about people govern.
@JohnCornyn if you are allowing a staff member or agency to handle your tweets you better reconsider. This makes you look really bad
Ur command of the English language & ur ability 2 communicate w/ a vast & complex vocabulary, places u in the company of stupid (aka #trump)
Mr. Cornyn, you are an embarrassment to the Senate and to the state of Texas.
do u ever think about morals
I'm a voting Texan and you're fake news, traitor. Vote this POS out!! #HealthcareBill
You, sir, are a clown.
Fake Senator
We deserve a more thoughtful and eloquent rebuttal from our leaders. This is pathetic.
We want you out of office for supporting #Traitors
You are the problem John. Stop lying to Americans.
No.  You are lying.
Better than a "Fake" human being.
Hey John. You're a hack. How do Trump's boots taste?
Senator, you need to get  your facts straight. This will hurt people. Hope you are holding town hall meetings
Sorry. The fake news Meme no longer works. It was & is meant for children of #trumps level. You just lowered yourself to it
its not FAKE news and you are a disgrace of a political leader to continually disqualify the media. Texas is slowly becoming a Blue State
I live in fort worth and you make me ashamed. Country before party. History will remember.
@JohnCornyn is a fake human.
I'm very surprised to see that from you @JohnCornyn We differ politically, but I never thought you were intellectually disingenuous
As a Senator and as a human, this tweet is beneath you... or should be.
Jagoff
You ought to know all about it since you're one of the leading purveyors. You should be ashamed of yourself duping slow people.
You continue to be a disgrace
Fake Senator.
You are an evil man!
Wow!  You have really guzzled the Kool Ade, haven't you?
Traitor
Looks like the Russians run this account.  Only they would call the Congressional Budget Office "fake news".
That would make you a fake public servant.
Fake senator.
Senator without brain still knows how to tweet.
You're on the wrong side of history.  You're going to die a villain.  Your kids will be ashamed of their name.  Probably let it die with you
so so shameful of you to lie like this.
fake human
You got some different numbers? Anyone have a link?
Come on, Sen. Cornyn-there's a reasonable man underneath your faux Texan strongman bluster.  Let him out! #walktothelightdude
Information you disagree with or that runs counter to your cruel narrative is not "fake news."  You embarrass us all.
"That's bad" = great
"Gnarly" = great
"Dank" = great
"Fake news" = I don't want to hear it
I'm ashamed you represent the great state of Texas. You are bought and paid for by the Trump admin the lobbyist and probably Russia.
You're response is an embarrassment as a Senator.
Stop!  I'm your constituent. Please stop.
From a man who wasn't man enough to face Sally Yates!  An embarrassment to Texas
This tweet brought to you by the party that shut down the Ethics Committee.  Yep. Republicans did that thinking nobody would notice.
Your response is fake.
Fake Congressmen
Your job is Fake News. You should probably quit and stop pretending you care about the American people.
So anytime you have no evidence or the evidence goes against you, scream fake news and you're right again?
That's not how this works. That's not how any of this works! Are you accusing the CBO report of being fake? Or are you just FAKE NEWS?
My sentiments exactly.
Please. Cornyn is nothing but a Trump lackey who sold his soul to get some Russian money. Another traitor who will be hanged
Facts that you don't like are still facts. Not "fake news"
You have no honor. Stand up or get the hell out of office.
You are an embarrassment to Houston.
Fake human
You're an embarrassment, John
This information is in the CBO report. Read it. Meanwhile, Americans should remind you that your healthcare is PAID for by America taxpayers
Really? You couldn't help yourself adding to the dumbing down of America. Hope your grandkids have better sense than their grandfather! 
Anything you and 45 don't like is "Fake News"!
History will not be kind to you. Check your zipper. Your partisanship is showing. Having lived many years in TX, they deserve better!
Fake you #fakeyou
Coming from a member of the @GOP ...typical
Kill yourself.
How so John? Any takers he is too big a loudmouth pussy to actually give facts to defend his claim?
10-1 odds
what parts of that are fake and what are the "correct" news? should be easy to defend, right?
Every day is a new low. Thanks for being part of this shameful era of American history. How do you sleep at night?
Quit trying to be trumps. Next year after he's long gone you will be embarrassed to read what you said.
Any Senator not from Texas would be ashamed to say something dumber that what Louie Gohmert comes up with.
Incredible to see the dignity of your position represented by a tweet using a term that is designed to promote Trumpaganda.
Truths, your the fake
This from a Russian operative and Traitor the the American public. You need to just shut your Putin holster
You should be ashamed of yourself.  I am ashamed and embarrassed to know that you serve in the US Senate.
Really John....you're going the DT route of babbling tweets without context...sad day
Pathetic attempt to obfuscate and mislead as usual.
shame on you, Senator. As a constituent I promise 2 educate Texans re: ur disdain of facts & un-patriotically putting party over nation
Mr. Cornyn, I've not once seen you speaking when you weren't lying through your teeth. It's as if you think no one (like CBO) will refute.
You support con man who kisses Putin's ass & celebrate on how Trump treated our European allies. You are fake GOP. Reagan would be appalled.
Yup.  As fake as the Sun.  You are intellectually and morally bankrupt.  Have a blessed day.
