Obsessed much? Your fearless leader is basically committing treason in plain sight and THIS is what you are worried about?
Please stop deflecting and release the text of the healthcare bill. Signed, a CONSTITUENT in Texas.
Your obsessive focus on HRC doesn't distract people from the fact that you and the GOP are clinging to power at the expense of the country.
CLINGING?YOU LOST...hilbitch and rapist mate wallering in iniquitous PRIDE!demons
Look it up demonRAT snowflake...#MAGA
Yes cause she's the president right?
Comey already confirmed it. Save time and money - Just arrest her.
Please stop deflecting attention from the actual problems and contributing to these political charades. You can do better!
Haha... as soon you finish about Russian involvement
How utterly ridiculous.These are not equivalent issues.Hillary was the victim of a Russian-Republican criminal seditious act.It's a big deal
Anything to distract from the lies and incompetence of this Administration right John?  BTW ... the election is over.
#Truth 
Just another distraction. You will call for something in the past when the present is the problem. You are so not a leader.
Why don't you focus on what currently happening??
don't you think you should focus on corrupt administration that's actually in power now?
The previous admin is trying to overthrow the current admin.
oh look, it is a troll who spreads lies and doesn't care about a corrupt govt in power.
List Trump corruption for me. I can list multiple corruption from Clintons, Obama, Soros, Podesta. It would take me hundreds of posts.
John McCain: Pres. Obama was a better world leader than #Trump. (FYI-McCain not a fan of Obama's foreign policy).
See how Feinstein puts country over party to do what's right? You should try it sometime.
But we don't want to investigate if Russia covered for Trump? Hmmmm.
Lets look forward not backward!
Disgusting, you are an embarrassment. Texas can do so much better.
You really don't give a shit that we were successfully attacked by the Russians with #Trump support? You have a secret hard-on for Hillary?
Your party runs the committee. Go for it! At the same time there is Russia, Flynn, Sessions, Kushner, Stone, and Page.
WHY DON'T YOU PAY ATTENTION TO US, YOUR CONSTITUENTS, WORRY LESS ABOUT THE LAST ADMINISTRATION?! NO TOWN HALL?  YOU'D FIND OUT OUR THINKING!
Ok fine. But that doesn't mean the Trump Russia collusion investigation stops. Sorry, that dodge won't work.
Of course she did & that's why DOJ didn't prosecute Hillary.  Lynch wouldn't allow it & Comey liked his job too much to quit over it.
Loretta is too busy cleaning house to testify. Her relationship with the Clintons is a rabbit hole of corruption and deceit.
We can do this AFTER Trump is impeached...

@realDonaldTrump @PressSec @maddow @cnn @NancyPelosi @chuckschumer @SenJohnMcCain
Why are you worried about the candidate who isn't in the White House ? Worry about the joker who is .
And all of her other crimes as well.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Off topic but, help! Premium hike for this retired teacher is over 500% from $168 to nearly $1100. Family devastated. Incredibly depressed.
Oh, Lordy. Such a distraction! Anything to keep  the Russian story out of the news with Trump. Note: Hillary is not President.
Give it up !!! This so pathetic
Are you fucking kidding me?! Enough! Get your priorities straight you partisan hack
True but why don't you Care about Trump and Russia???????
Concurrent investigation of GOP enablers of 45 is appropriate, too.
Think nepotism & emoulements; then high crimes & misdemeanors. Need help
How would that change the fact that we have a White House full of Russian sympathizers? Get off Twitter and do some work, son.
AGSessions:

Lied Under Oath - Perjury 

Failed to Disclose Contacts on Official Forms 

Committed these Crimes but hasn't resigned Why?
If she did, she should not have, and there should be consequences. But you should worry about this AFTER you've finished the Russia inv.
Concentrate on the cyber warfare the Russians used to undermine our democracy. @dcexaminer owned by Anschutz & good friend of Gorsuch. RAT
Its easy @JohnCornyn stand up and say mr. Speaker we demand a special prosecutor into lynch clinton tarmac and lynch clinton cover up
yes dianne feinstein is so right we need to look at the ones pointing the fingers hiding their misdeeds
Diane Feinstein is one of the few Democrat leaders to attempt to be fair.
John Cornyn, you need to stop selling your soul to trump
After 7 months !!! What triggered this  I wonder! When is the town hall?
John do your job and something for all Americans!(not just your Republican constituents). There's enough to investigate w/current POTUS
Yes, let the truth surface
Journalists investigated this. Nothing there. Feel free to investigate nothing.
of course she did...Obama appointee will cover for HC. No trust for her.
You do know she lost the election?! Give it up! Only deflection from what's really going on!
Feinstein is completely right. She knows Loretta Lynch should go to jail.
Let's focus on what really matters here.  Ya'lls attempts at distraction are inept & pathetic

Just read the responses you are getting.
You should start thinking of a positive way to get us out of this national crisis and quit pointing non productive fingers.
GOP in power.  All talk and no action. Very sad commentary.
Get a life.
I'd really like to know what your obsession of HRC is about...?
Not while there's a special counsel, right John the Reptile?
Why won't trump release his taxes?
And it turned out to be NOTHING in the end. The "matter" shouldn't have been made public at all.
Sure. If that'll help YOU sleep at night. For now though, go ahead and give US up to Russia. Party over country. Yada yada. #hypocrite
Funny, she also called for the president to release the tapes of his meeting with Comey...how come you didn't retweet that one?
Texas needs to investigate why you've got such skewed priorities.......actually, never mind. We already know!
It's about time a democrat faces the sad truth about obummer cosa nostra Many peeps broke t law and need to be investigated & indicted #maga
John Cornyn get on this and make Texas proud!!!
Priorities. Focus on the incompetent Orange scrotum who currently has the nuke codes & tried to obstruct justice then you can go after Hill.
1st need to address the clear and present danger in executive branch. Lynch/Clinton are yesterday's news. Investigate POTUS ties to Russia
You need to get over your @HillaryClinton obsession. You and your @GOP buddies talk about her so much. It's like a sick crush.
And I see that the lib bots are out in force.
Whether??? She did!
Yes. From TX36
John Cornyn is Donald Trump's lap dog.  Bow wow.
I'd rather have a patriot than a Trumpublican as "my" Senator. (Quotes because you don't care abt me.).
Nothing partisan about investigating if a crime has been committed. Justice should be blind. I commend both Cornyn & Feinstein in this.
Is she *ahem* asking or REALLY asking?!!?
You guys are so drunk on Trump it's not even funny. One day you'll wake up hungover, and wonder: "Who is thesack of potato shit in my bed?"
Are my tax dollars gonna fund 847 hearings of this a la Benghazi while Russia continues to attack our very democracy? REALLY?
We (your Texas constituents) need to investigate why @JohnCornyn and @tedcruz are lapdogs for @realDonaldTrump I smell a #ThreeWayLoverUp
Bigger fish to fry first.
Republican's do nothing but distract, investigate, lie, project self interest, disdain for the ordinary person. Afraid of trickle down to U?
I think your treasonous acts with trump are MUCH more important right now! Lock this bum up!
Okay, but has investigating the Clinton's ever helped you?
What is it about this fool of a president that makes you defend him? He's a liar with NO intellectual curiosity re: civics & US history.
It seems GOP only bend knees to investigate what democrats persuade them is relevant. Voters will regard them gone at election time
Red herring.
Yes!!! And why the hell does it take a Dem to suggest that? Where is the GOP!!?? I am so sick of this BS. GOP BETTER START DOING THEIR JOB!
Yes... Distract...
Make you a deal John. We get thru this Russian/trump collusion deal & then we will investigate Lynch. Sound good?
Mueller's job.
Your insistence on replaying talking points from a year ago, in the face of a potential national security crisis NOW, is so sad.
I'm actually shocked coming from @SenFeinstein but glad.
We should also investigate all the GOP that refused to let the America public know about the Russian hacking
there was no hacking
Comey testimoney last week about Lynch gives him more credibility.
OMG Senator.  Really?  Heavy sigh.
Take notes, Dianne Feinstein a true Patriot. Putting Country before Party, unlike yourself.
Our entire government has been taken over by organized crime, @JohnCornyn included. He is buddies with @KenPaxtonTX, another TX criminal.
Why?
you are just SAD! Still trying to change subject.  #TrumpRussia  & #ShowUsTheBill
No, Congress needs to get to the bottom of Russian hacking and why Trump hadn't said a word about it.  Trump's obstruction too.
That is what country over party looks like, perhaps you could stop being a Trump apologist and start representing America.
Why won't you ask about Russian interference in our election?
More importantly Americans need 2 know the depth of Russian intrusion n2 the election & just who  colluded with them. R u 1 of the traitors?
I'm YOUR constituant... why are you wasting my time and money on the person who lost an election. Concentrate on the TREASONOUS SOB
How about we talk about it a town hall. But you're continuing the  GOP party bullshit.
Or better yet, investigate why the GOP has gone full old white supremacist (alt-right) and favoring a Nationalist government for USA. $$$
She's not even AG anymore, you git.
No sir, we need to know whether the Russians help the Trump campaign period! Texans deserve the truth
Trump help himself campaign traveling from state to state and used the media to get his message. Now if the media was higher ed by Russia
Corndog, decide if you're with or against Feinstein. You're playing both sides of the fence and your duplicity is showing.
Not b4 Russian investigations. Links to majority of appointments; Speaker & a few senators. Country before party. Our future is at stake.
Also, let's figure out how many of Trumps campaign collided with . Does that sound fair?
smoke screw
Congress -- including you -- needs to investigation of our elections being hacked by foreign enemies. After that ... you can go chase Lynch
we do not have internet based elections. So tell me how elections were hacked with paper ballots in some states. did you even think?
No we are concerned with Russia/President Trump, not CLINTON!
Can we...meaning you...focus on the 3 or so investigations of @POTUS? Seems just a hair more important right now
Wonderful! How about sessions!
What's it like selling your soul to trump??

I'm so glad I live in Mich. &have 2 Senators who actually give a damn for us & fight 4 us here in Mich. U could learn from them!
Let's talk about a foreign gov't in control of our executive and legislative branches. A #treasonous #fakepresident and his enablers.
can we re-open the teapot dome scandal too while we're at it? #deflect #distract #yourconstituentsarenotthisstupid
Every day I am embarrassed you are my Senator. Every day.
RUSSIA
I don't care who said it, Clinton isn't the problem. YOU NEED TO DEAL WITH YOUR OWN PROBLEMS.
- Sounds like just about everyone needs investigating. Good start would be to toss you all out & start over. #2018
Mueller who is bf with Comey investigating Comey who is bf with Lynch who overstepped his bounds and lied about HillaryClinton-FACT
Worry about Russia.
RUSSIAN COLLUSION
Please bring this to justice. This can't be tolerated any longer.
Let's investigate how @JohnCornyn responded when Trump demanded his loyalty over loyalty to the Constitution and the rule of law.
Shame on you for attempting to hide the Trump/Russian collusion!!!
The politicization of the DoJ is a problem for both parties and the country. ? is are pols willing to discover and remedy? Doesn't appear so
Sorry John but Lynch gets a pass. She will either take the fifth (drink a fifth) or claim a secret. None of the left criminals will pay
There's a big difference here.  @HillaryClinton LOST.  She's not in office.  Our @potus is a disgrace to the dignity of this nation
trump and republicans always using hrc and dems to deflect from their pathetically chaotic and incompetent WH
If Senate investigates AG Lynch does it matter or will it be a matter? Still scratching our heads on what"is" is. Love Dem double speak
Hey, yo. We got attacked and YOU DO NOT CARE! WTH? Sure, investigate Lynch...after Russia & obstruction. Or retire, John. Your choice.
Yes. She belongs in jail.
So D.C. Examiner and Breitbart are your only two news sources? That says so much about your ignorance and small mindedness. #incompetent
Meanwhile: Hillary lost election, Trump won. But yeah, let's focus investigation on Hillary, based on throwaway Feinstein line. #TrumpRussia
Let investigate Devon Nunes and Richard Burr too
Are you so focused on Hillary, that you're willing to let a adverse gvmt destroy our country? Coward.
And here we have an elected Senator from Texas opting to distract folks because polishing that Orange turd is just too hard. You stink sir!
Let's stay focused on the current issue in the White House and the DOJ.  Stay focused buddy.
Can anyone believe Comey now? Comey testified he didn't know why Trump wanted him alone! Their 1st meeting Comey asked 4 Trump ALONE!
Why don't you guys clean your own house first since it's the administration and the GOP who are actually hurting this country NOW.
Delete your account
Sure. Let's do that. After more pressing CURRENT matters are investigated and prosecuted.
Why are you supporting a Treasonous Lout?  If he goes down, you are complicit, and we are holding you responsible.
@JohnCornyn:  a Texas disgrace
Big time.
Yeah, what could be more important than politically savaging civilians outside of govt?
Quit trying to divert attention from Trump.  Clinton is the past, focus on the present and future.
I'll take "Things far less important than Russia infiltrating our government" for a thousand, Alex
You're just making stuff up. Democrats are wasting a lot of time on fantasy.
Sounds good. Let's do that. Let's also stop obstructing #trumprussia ? Deal? Tone deaf man. Sad.
