You must have short memory.  Healthcare before Obama was a disaster.
You & your cronies took every measure to cause it to fail. You're not fooling anyone.
Obamacare gave people health coverage - you are trying to take it away.  That's NOT AMERICAN!
ACA will fail because you worked so hard to destroy it.
How many people have you spoken to where #Obamacare #aca saved their life or the life of a loved one? Sure they have stories too. #TownHall
The biggest problem with our healthcare today is Politicians, Bureaucrats, Lawyers and Insurance Companies.
We must also include Pharma industry-need to bring RXcosts down, hospitals- need to standardize fees cross US,& Dr.-need help w education $$
Then find something we ALL (including ALL Politicians) will have to have#goodhealthcareforall
Of course you don't remember, you have great taxpayer funded coverage!  No worries for you!
@Ingenium21 Hey Einstein, tell that to the millions of people who now have healthcare coverage because of the ACA. #NoWealthcare
Obamacare removed lifetime caps- which alone is wonderful for someone with an autoimmune disease that is not the result of bad choices
There are some R ideas that help- bundle people to bring costs down.
Read your own gov data.  https://www.cms.gov/CCIIO/Programs-and-Initiatives/Premium-Stabilization-Programs/Downloads/Summary-Reinsurance-Payments-Risk-2016.pdf …
Tell that to the 20+ million who gained insurance and those who aren't denied coverage b/c of a pre-existing condition.
I am only able to speak anecdotally, from family experience. But the ACA did make healthcare better for members of my family. Muchly so.
@Ingenium21 Thanks to Obamacare women can buy maternity coverage on open mkt in TX.  If you were really prolife you'd support it
He'd rather keep us here:
SHAMEFUL
I know. And txleg is trying to pass laws so that this data won't be collected in the future. 
2. And what about the lives saved bc they could finally get colonoscopies, mammograms, etc.? Preventive svcs must be covered under #ACA
Right I got colosophy and found polyn .I could of gotten cancer.I guess if you have your way it can still happen
Right and I think 22 million people would disagree with you. #SAVEACA
The exchanges are in trouble. That doesn't mean all of Obamacare is a failed experiment. Please be accurate. This is important.
Translation:Koch won't give me my allowance until I get this through, and I don't care about anyone except my wealthy donors. #trumpflake
Right we know this is about giving Big campaign donors money.It's pay to play or $ laudring bribe
Cornyn Thinks Millions of Calls From Concerned Texans Are Part of "Establishment" Conspiracy
Next get Cornyn out 2020 if he passes all these bills benefiting wealthest Amer.Enable mad man in Capitol
YOUR Party had its throat around the ACA from the beginning, and instead of improving a complex bill, YOU SABOTAGED IT. That is the TRUTH.
Had a friend in hs denied insurance at 16 y/o b/c she caught too many parasites (2) on mission trips (2) even though they were all cured!
Wrong.
@Ingenium21 Insuring millions of people is GOOD. U & GOP refusing 2 tweak it & doing things 2 insure it fails, is UR failure.
Wrong, wrong, wrong.  I vote in TX
That's such a blatant lie. Uv fallen into Trump s mode of making false statements. Its sad u r so impressionable by a crazy no less
how did the GOP help over last 7.5 years? Bring down RX-no, Standardize provider fees-no, in the interim fix ACA til full repeal NOPE.
@Ingenium21 you're right, it made it MUCH better.

It was never perfect. @_barakobama knew it. It would have been better w/o R obstruction. Honesty. Such a lonely word. (Billy Joel.)
Exactly it was a being a starting point not the end all.First edition,learning curve.
You know what would be great is a town hall for your constituents to have a chance to really discuss this with you. Date, time, & place sir.
He doesn't care enough.But if u can get 2 WA open door coffee his office there every thursday Tell you who he values
Why then are Americans banging down every senator/congress door fighting to save it and no one answers? You are a LIAR. We will remember you
I went to your 6th office and talked w/staffer because you wont meet w/those you are suppose to serve.I am pre-existg
Yes, you may be wondering why I incessantly blame the ACA instead of addressing the problems with the industry...that's all I got.
why not work on lower medical cost/prescription.Or do you get $ from Big Pharmaco
GOP sabotaged ACA.  Please work with Dems in a bipartisan fashion to fix ACA. You can emerge the star from this if you go this route
Yes and we know they did,they could of made improvements to ACA,Party before American lives.Disgusted
Senator, all of you draft a bill bassackwards. The HCBill looks like a hodgepodge of dodges. Start with a vision of how We Care for People.
It sure sucks after the government messed with it.
Why don't u fix it. Repeal it now.
Please stop lying.  Just please stop. You look bad.
You are a failed experiment I hope we the people of Texas reject you!
You're a failed experiment
You are a failed experiment. #votehimout

Stop criticism of Ocare. Start improving it. #Healthcare4All.
...but can't it be mitigated, rather than scrapped? Rarely is anything (or anyone) all bad or all good.
Thank God I'm a Texan . . . And get to vote for your opponent in a few years.
Lies:
Says the guy who never has to worry about healthcare.
More people are covered, % premium increase went down. Your bill has less than a 20% approval rating.
I will ask again.   Why do you want your constituents to suffer without needed medical care?   Are you that cold-hearted?
ACA healthcare insurance didn't bankrupt as many Americans as BHO wanted. #BHOBringingAmericaDown
If you fail to do rescind and replace Obamacare you and your Republican friends in the House and Senate can kiss your asses goodbye.
Red states did their best to sabotage it and now @POTUS doing same. Executive Branch supposed to execute the laws, not undermine them.
system is flawed at its core.  Insurance companies add expense  not value.  Coverage is tied to your job which burdens business.  Untenable
This tweet sponsored by
Had states accepted expansion of Medicare, it would have worked out better. #ACA was not perfect in any means, but need more state support
Are you serious?
Now the orange beast wants repeal and replace later and leave everyone without coverage.
It may have flaws but if it has failed is bc republicans have never wanted it to work.
But government is the biggest fail in modern history. All you do it make laws to oppress people and destroy their everything for a dollar.
ACA has never helped me, and what we had before was useless.  I hear ACA has both helped and failed people. #HealthCareForAll
You are incorrect.
It could have been better had the GOP worked with the DEM on fixing the issue instead of trying to write something new.
So how dies giving 600B dollar tax break help the U S citizens? Please explain!
So explain why nobody like your bill?
It wasn't "an experiment." But you also assume the ACA was meant to be complete when passed. It was a start, not an end.
@Ingenium21 WRONG! Gov could have done things to help special needs w/o destroying everyone's HC! HC for middle class is BAD now
"A Failed Experiment" is a Great way of stating obamacare. Yes, it is time to Repeal and ....MOVE ON.
Caligula may not have had it right when he made his horse a senator. BUT I HAVE A GOOD HORSE ready for TX SENATOR JOB..and he is not DUMB.
Smoking OPIUM makes you say suck inaccurate crap, senator. HEALTHCARE was much worse before ACA and you know it when you are not stoned.
So all the lives saved by Obamacare mean nothing to @JohnCornyn . What a horrible person he is!
Really? You are about to make me pay FIVE times more because of my age!!! Shame on you!!!
and trumpcare is Tax Relief for the Rich. pro tip: See Warren Buffett
How difficult is it for the Senate to schedule a vote to repeal Obamacare? Those in favor vote aye, those opposed vote no????
I don't agree. You being senator is an example of a failed experiment! #JohnCornynSucks
What about no networks and all dr take all insurance you can choose what type and how much coverage you want.  Healthcare is too complicated
I will forever ask what seem like a logical question to me why not fix what we have? Maybe it's more political than logical
Nice dodge. Kind of like you dodging your constituents and not holding a #townhall
Yeah right--a failed experiment that got millions more insured. It's not perfect but why don't you fix it instead of sabotaging it?
You are CLUELESS.  I'd be dead and/or bankrupt were it not for ACA.  I'm self employed with pre-existing condition. #evildumbass
Voters will remember the Republican party's "failed experiment" of repeal and replace instead of fixing the ACA. Work across party lines!
Uh yeah it definitely made it better. Didn't solve it, but why are you ignoring he people whose lives it literally saved?
It did make it better.
17% support your plan.  I think that means the top 1% and those that only watch Fox, Infowars, Breitbart, and GOP.  Not good @JohnCornyn
Evidence? More people insured. More lives saved. Elderly protected. Pre-existing conditions covered. Rich paying taxes-that bothers you?
#drumpf!! THIS IS THE EXPERIMENT THAT FAILED! Now we ALL are paying the cost & YOU WILL TOO! #Article25 #MuellerTime
Better to have tried and failed to never tried at all.  The people now know who cared and who does not
Can you actually respond to anything without reading your partisan GOP talking points? Hack.
@Ingenium21 repeal Obamacare and consider strengthening Medicaid. Safety net for poor was the only problem before ACA
What have you done beyond impede along with your fellow colleagues. You have no plans or policy to support healthcare#MakingAmericaGreat
Not for people with pre-existing conditions or the need for very expensive medical treatments.
He has alway been under healthcare paid for him. He has no idea what normal life is like.
No argument. Trumpcare was done in secrecy and was a huge tax break for wealthy parasites at the expense of elderly, poor & disabled.
Free-Enter Healthcare was failing the Amer people, hence the Obama mandate. Obama helped people with cancer. Insur Cos continue hurting us
GOP governors also failed to expand Medicaid in many states thereby deliberately sabotaging the insurance market.
the only failed experiment is the GOP "leadership" which thinks making 22 million lose healthcare is somehow a good idea!
before Obamacare 46 million Americans were uninsured. After Obamacare that number halved. That looks like success to me.
I'll argue with you all day on that Senator. Obamacare's failures were due to the compromises you forced into it. Stop lying to your people.
Prior to ACA Ins co would rise rates *and* water down coverage. Now we have mins on coverage, which has put more emphasis on rising rates.
It was a way to dbl screw policyholders by hiding stuff in the policy that wasn't covered, etc. Remember all the different deduct buckets?
That never seemed to ever stack up. Medication is one. Doctor's visits another, etc. ACA solved that. You pay more for more coverage.
Insurers priced low to get through the initial first years while the markets stabilized. There were funds to help with that.
Until Rs & @marcorubio killed that funding & now we're seeing massive increases bc the Rs wanted to see ACA fail & they made sure it would.
So why not fix the parts that are broken instead of making your constituency suffer?
Explain yourself? Why don't you ever back yourself up with facts?
And your plan is worse. You cannot have a heart and support your plan. Surely your mother raised you to be a better man than this!
It did make it better. Fewer bankruptcies, reduced price increases. Not Ocare's fault that you've bought your own propaganda about it.
Has anyone calculated the number of lives saved? I'm not saying it's perfect - far from it. But it's not all bad either.
Tell that to every parent who's ever had to decide between a child's Dr.  visit or rent.
Tell that to my friends who couldn't get insurance for their newborn daughter due to c-section birth.
Tell that to my Dad who died of cancer and might still be here if he'd have had better coverage. Decorated Vietnam vet.
Tell that to my friend who's sister died from cancer at 31- no insurance to cover necessary treatment.
Tell that to every family who couldn't obtain insurance for their children due to pre-existing conditions.
Tell that to every woman who had to pay out of pocket for mammogram before the ACA.
You say no argument because your brain is not capable of comprehending reality.
If you keep praising Trump, your chances of reelection will rapidly decrease.
How much money are you wasting teyi g to pass a healthcare plan, that in all probability is worse than the Affordable Healthcare A t?
No John, it needs adjusting, not scrapping. Imagine if the Wright Bros had said "well, only flew 30 ft. Failed experiment! Better scrap it!"
Why try to reinvent the wheel,  Take what is wrong with Obama care and make corrections.   Do you really think your plan is without fault?
So what makes you think that your plan is better.  Why do you wnt to pass a healthcare bill that gives tax breaks to the rich?
Really??? It's the only healthcare that had the guts to be passed to provide HC for millions. STOP with the ridiculous tweets!
Actually it did. Fewer uninsured, elimination of denial of care for preexisting conditions, etc.
Millions of uninsured having insurance especially 4 preventative care is a failure? U should talk to ppl whose lives were saved by Obamacare
The statement begs the question how he came to the conclusion?  On what evidence does he make the statement with credibility?
ACA gave my dear friend 5 years of life, her private insurance, when DX with breast cancer would not pay for chemo, ACA changed that
You're trying to wrench it back to the pre-ACA disaster though. What argument are you making??
Data is showing longer life expectancy correlated to expanded health care as well as reduction in spending
It made it better for the 22 million uninsured who got insured.
Sigh, how is 20m + people with affordable healthcare a disaster? You lie.
Now Trump wantsto repeal Obamacare with no replacement.Do you realize how many millions will lose healthcare if that happens? Wake up Cornyn
You are a failed political experiment.
Ya had damn near a decade 2 come up with something better than the ACA & couldnt do it. Ur plan is so bad most the writers wouldnt vote 4 it
As a former Republican, I can say that John has lost his love for America and democracy. He was, past tense, a man of honor. He lost path.
Trump said trumpcare would cover more and be cheaper.  He lied about that too.
Obamacare helped my family. It was much better for us.
BTW, just repeating the words "failed experiment" doesn't make it so.
More than 20 million people who didn't have health care got it. That seems like measurable success to me.
Not a fan of Obamacare, but the abomination you're trying to pass off as an improvement is plain evil.
Tell that to the millions of additional people with healthcare now. With pre-existing conditions. And who can stay on their parents' plans.
And you continue to fail because you ideas are no better.
You are out of touch with a majority of Americans on this. Not surprising since you don't do town halls anymore. BTW when us fulsome debate?
Actually the ACA has some wonderful aspects just needs to be fixed not replaced. Your plan is awful and benefits the rich mostly
Thanks to republicans like you. And the crap y'all are trying to experiment with is even WORSE!
Obamacare(less) is worse Before I wasn't penalized for not having insurance or forced to buy something I couldn't afford or afford to use.
That's why most Americans (and basic morality) demand socialized healthcare. Health should not be a privilege for those who can buy it.
You are wrong sir. Millions of Americans are thankful for Obamacare. Trump and his rich pals just want tax breaks for themselves
Please repeal in two steps if you must. Repeal now + replace later if at all. Mortality rate going up under Obamacare. Stop the killing.
Every time I see you on tv you're standing behind Trump or tweeting about failed ACA but have yet to hear any viable solutions from you.
Here is your win @GOP . Put preexisting conditions on medicare.
@Ingenium21 one you obstructed. Your fault.
When the path you are on is unsustainable, movement, in any direction, is progress.

Try it some time.  Make a change. Just TRY to lead.
I completely disagree with you.  78640.  Sadly I am one of your constituents.
Tell you what. I'll live with whatever mean, brutal healthcare plan you come up with if you and your family are covered by it. Go.
You certainly didn't do anything to help make it better. Is the $800B tax break for the rich going to make healthcare better? No.
Sure, in Texas, where our nitwit gov turned down fed funds.
I met my deductible. It was cheaper for me to not have the insurance and pay for everything myself OBAMACARE SUCKS!!!
Medicaid and I had to get OBAMACARE. I paid $274 premium $5000 deductible and they wouldn't cover anything including my prescriptions until.
So you want to return to what wasn't working instead of adjusting the system that provided health insurance for millions. Are you 12?
I was told I didn't make enough money to get OBAMACARE and had to get Medicaid from my state. My state said my income was to high for.......
You are a liar and hold a Townhall meeting you coward. Did you enjoy kissing the Koch bros rear ends last Saturday at your free CO vacation?
Unless of course, you were uninsurable because of a pre-existing condition before the ACA, and having insurance actually saved your life.
But I know you don't care about people like me. I didn't donate any money to your re-election. Your plan fixes nothing and you know it.
No! It's an experiment that needs improvement. Learn from your mistakes. Don't start over again.
Tired of all this rhetoric...ACA is not all bad. Identify the top 3 issues and get with the Dems and fix it! Get results Senator & lead!
Fix it!!! No repeal.  #SavetheACA
Again senator, you make generalizations that under microscope are untrue. quality of coverage is up, 20mil Americans have care who didnt b4
Do U not know that with pre-existing conditions people could not freely leave their jobs and for new jobs, be it for pay or family?
ACA made things a whole lot better in New York state. It's working in California and other places. Despite complete lack of GOP support.
32 million to lose their health care? Your entire state and then some. You good with that John? Boy, you really have sold out. #sellout
But you and Republicans have tried to sabotage it every step of the way. I don't understand why. The concept is from Romneycare.
Except for those 20+ million insured Americans who benefited. More lies from the @GOP
Obamacare helped me. Senator if you really cared for Americans & wanted to save money, you'd expand Medicare for all.
Because you Republicans didn't vote to expand Medicaid!! #Truth  You @GOP don't care about others, just yourselves!
No Washington has destabilized the insurance cos so they 'be pulled out stating as much. Your running a game on us
The ACA isn't an experiment. Some of the greatest discoveries have come from failures. Health care isn't the problem. Health insurance is.
Bless your heart. 7 years to develop a great healthcare plan, but GOP can't make it happen. Y'all are embarrassing.
So you took the challenge to make it worse than Obamacare and before Obamacare. Basically make everyone responsible for their own care ....
... which by the way is not insurance. I have been covered by my companies 30 years and now they won't have to provide coverage. Thanks
John these countries provide Universal HC to ppl and they have fewer ppl then USA. You saying economy of scale cannot give us same? Why ???
Instead of making progress for Americans, you want to repeal provisions & take us closer to the system we had before the ACA.
It's been a disaster every since they government got involved in it. Get out!!!
You.....you r the failed experiment! U & ur GOP Death Party.....Buh bye
@Ingenium21 expanded coverage has saved lives. That is NOT failure.
At least now, less people don't have blood coming out of their whatever....
We are your constituents, and there damn well will be an argument. Particularly when you are lying. #WorthlessSycophant
Yes, and if you and your fellow old guard GOP buddies had their way we would have more of the same shit. Stop the madness, #FullRepeal 
You're stupid.

The ACA helped reign in the stupidity of insurance cos.

Maybe we should investigate your investments.
Tell that to the millions that couldn't get healthcare before.
You think your plan is better? Think again!
Did u buy insurance from open market prior to ACA? I did & I can tell u that ACA DID make things better. Perfect-no. Better-yes. Quit lying!
Obamacare didn't fail America. A Rep congress failed America,  by purposely undermining & thereby derailing Obamacare. MAGA?
Are you going to be in your office in Farmers Branch next week?  Waiting for the town hall...
And so far what you are offering will make it worse.
Fraud
Businessman as a president is a failed experiment
My premiums are WAY lower than they would have been if there was no ACA. Just because a D president got it passed doesn't mean it's bad. 
You made it worse.
Obamacare forced insurers to do what they wouldn't have done otherwise because you can't have universal healthcare in a free market.
The GOP is incapable of governing. The party of no is only capable of obstruction and dismantling. 7 years and they have nothing. Pathetic.
So is Republicanism
Do you really believe the stuff falls out of your mouth??
You are a liar, and I vote
If it's a failed experiment,how come the House & Senate are having so much trouble replacing it? Why do both plans leave millions uninsured?
I think "experiment" is also cool way to frame your new healthcare bill
So why are y'all so eager to repeat said failed experiment with a replacement?  Just repel and call it a day, no replacement please.
And you think TRUMPCARE is better?!
I have insurance, so...yes it did. The BRCA would uninsure 3/4 of my household.
Plus, that is a false narrative. Polio, malaria, Yellow Fever and many surgical advances made before Obama. How did it happen?
Republicans failed
