Trumps National Security Advisor is a xenophobic loose canon, lunatic! You must stop him before he starts a war!
I know you are a patriot, so why are you not rallying against Trump? He is a detriment to the USA, he is a lunatic
As my Senator, I ask that you vote No to Devos due to lack of knowledge, skills and abilities for the job.
Say no to DeVoss.
Trumps conversations with our world wide allies have been abysmal!  He has alienated & insulted Australia 1 of greatest allies.
He is an eminent threat to our democracy. Your constituents are watching. Vote NO! #stopsessions
DeVos is absolutely unqualified. Please put country before party and vote NO. She will further defend the public school system.
Please do your job and stand up for the great people of Texas, including the immigrants that make our great state what it is!
not my choice. Betsy DeVos is unqualified. Vote no.
I guess you would be okay with a white supremacist.  Seems to align well with your other views.
I am also a constituent, I do not believe Sen Sessions will be a good pick for USAG. Please donot support him
and we can now turn our clocks back to 1964 and welcome back literacy tests #votingrights #memorizeyourconstitution
Enjoy your time in office because this is your LAST term there!
Wrong! Texas is a republican state.
It's more blue than you want to admit and it's turning bluer by the day.
Weird, considering he was too racist for a federal judgeship a few years ago. What changed with you guys?
sir, I can guarantee yo will not get reflected if you vote for sessions
Senator, your mailboxes are full at all offices.  Not fair to your constituents you think?  Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos
Guess you don't care about civil rights. Duly noted
And that is a most unfortunate event.  Sessions is not an appropriate choice for AG
As a TX constituent you should vote against a racist who isn't going to follow the law for ALL of America. But you won't.
keep on w/ the cabinet confirmations
absolutely terrible. Can't wait for 2018
You will lose lots of votes. Stand up for what is right including public education. Vote NO on Devos Listen to your constituents
pleased that Sessions will be Attorney General. Now on with the remaining confirmations. Democrats are acting like spoiled brats
How much did the oil lobbyists pay you to praise /vote for Tillerson, Comrade Cornyn.  @JohnCornyn
you just lost my vote!!!!!!  I thought you more intelligent to risk your reputation on a man so sketchy
Franken owned you.
I'm really disappointed in you!
You impugn the integrity of the U.S. Senate.
#noDevos
pls vote no on DeVos
to the dismay of us all.
voting rights are important you should vote no on sessions
You get an F for voting for sessions DeVos Pruitt Tillerson minuchen Price etc.  Texas now hates you.2018 can't come soon enf
in addition, the pick for Education Sec is a terrible choice for our public school system, again, donot support her
so disappointed in you.  Will support your opponent next election.
fail
You should be disgusted.  A man who was too racist 30 yrs ago is now our AG. Time does not make people kinder or wiser.
yes "passes"
Senator Cornhole, creaming pants over voter suppression under Beauregard? You'll bend over as far as President Putin asks you to
Saw your comments the firing of Sally Yates. Shameful to lash out against someone upholding her oath to defend Constitution.
I saw you calling Dems "Sore Losers" yesterday. When was the last time you engaged in bipartisan policy? Grow up.
failure.
You are expected to be a check and balance on the executive office. You are better than this. No to Sessions, DeVos & Pruitt!
most unfortunate, sir.
we are watching you. We are ashamed #sessions #dallas #ivote
Like I told your staffers, I'll be happily campaigning for your opponent when you're up for #reelection #Resist #unacceptable
NO ON DEVOS. She plagiarized. No experience with public  schools. Are you kidding me?
Mortified that you support a racist. Seriously can't believe I ever voted for you. Live, learn & vote differently #VoteCornynOut
Spineless
how did you vote? We never know which side you'll be on.
We the People are watching closely.
-  playing defense for @tedcruz? Shouldn't interrupt Franken, that's rude
- Texans do not support Sessions! You'd know that if your office answered the phone #Txconstituent , #Cornynismissing
I see you and your GOP gang fighting dirty SMH You should be Ashamed for your dirty deeds You don't care about the ppl U work 4
Thank you Senator Cornyn for helping push this through.
Does the Republican party really want to be responsible for atrocities that 420 thousand American soldiers died to prevent?
as a constituent, who has been shut out of communication with her voice in Washington.  This administration is a dictatorship.
as a constituent, I'd like to know if he intends to stand up for our Constitutional rights and not Bannon's personal agenda.
wonder what Dr. King would think about his appointment and its impact on voting rights in southern states?
Will he stand up to unconstitutional demands from his boss?
He's been shown to be a lying racist.  I guess your morals are shot as well.
hold him to the same standard as he expected of Sally Yates. Willing to say NO to the pres and others when unconstitutionally
as a constituent, who cannot reach her Senator by phone or email to object to normalizing a narcissitic psychopath as President
(constituent)you have become an embarrassment to our state & country. You are promoting a racist while bowing to a xenophobe
@SocraticTense as a Texan I am extremely disappointed in your lack of action on these controversial picks - vote no sessions
What an affront that Cruz wasn't at a scheduled meeting to get addressed to his face. Good thing you were there. #untowardbs
Did you actually expect Franken to throw out a statement that had been researched because Cruz can't show up to his job?
Dems are throwing a  'hissy fit'? Your 'new normal' involves ignoring facts and Constitution. Maybe you should be 'angry' too.
sad day for most.
what is YOUR position?
AG, Wall, Border Tax, NATO, Immigration, Fed Budget, Fed Taxes, etc.
No good, no good, no good. We won't forget.
#StopSessions Sessions is a disgrace to Americans!
Yet again...where are you taking input from your constituents on this Vote? Mailbox still full...no calls answered.
shame on you! You ignore massive calls from your constituents and refuse to call out your party's behavior
YOU ARE HATED, LOOK AT YOUR FEED.
yep without the dems present   TIME TO VOTE OUT JOHN CORNYN    Your lack of integrity has been noted
With an AG so tied politically to a President so dismissive of Constitutional limits, Texans need you to stand against overreach
Because you people refuse to do your jobs. Everyone knows Sessions won't be an independent advocate for the people.
Right after you cheated to pass through Mnuchin and Price.  Well done, you petty tyrant. @JohnCornyn
block this nom.
because you're spineless. Sessions is not a patriot nor are you. Country above Party!
congrats on advancing to next part of the process for a man deemed too racist during reagan admin. happy black history month
Sad indeed that you would support his nomination. There are so many other qualified people who are not considered. Replacing you
attack on @SenFranken not very nice. Hope you get voted out next cycle #MerrickGarland #dumpDevos
Confirm him so he can Fire All OBAMA & Clinton left overs in DOJ every Damn One of Them!
as a constituent I am ashamed of ur vote. When nom proves 2 b disaster - pat urself on the back.
The irony is delicious! Dems forced the nuclear option into effect when they thought Hillary would win. Now GOP has it to use!!
whining that Cruz is called out for lying though his teeth and supports the racism of Sessions. A betrayal of American
Just be sure to vote NO on Sessions please.
technically I'm still your constituent, so for the love of God & all that is good in the world #StopSessions #voteNO
you have represented Texas in a truly despicable manner. As a constituent, I am deeply disturbed.
You need to be voted out of office
Your disrespectful interruption of Franken was shameful. Sessions is not qualified. Party politics.
You really attempted to impugn Dems using term "alternative facts"? No, Sen Forehead that's shit POTUS & yr partys cross to bear
shameful
As your constituent, I am disappointed you voted to advance a man who will not protect the equal rights of all citizens as AG.
That's unfortunate.
Look familiar http://www.cbn.com/cbnnews/politics/2013/july/gop-boycotts-homeland-sec-confirmation-hearing/?mobile=false …
Hypocrisy Alllllll Day Long
Are you serious this guy was too racist for 1986 and was blocked by Republicans. See you at your next Townhall.
Jesus Wept
passed like a kidney stone
as a constituent I tried calling yesterday to urge opposition to this confirmation. Today I do the same. 75082.
79019
How proud you must be.
Shame on you! Sessions was not the right man for this job. You will lose my vote if you continue down this path.
History is watching as you fail the American people. Country over party. People over blind ideology #failure #partisanhack
ANSWER YOUR DAMN PHONES! And do not approve this racist...Unless of course, you are also racist.
I heard your YEA VOTE. Heartbreaking, watching the death of our Constitution.
Surprised you noticed. You looked at ur phone most of hearing, except for attack on Sen. Franken. Doing People's work bores you?
Oh, let's not name call. Let's try to get the Senator to pay attention to all Texans.
how?
Noooooo!!!!
Great job, Senator.
You failed us!
@senjudiciary Finally :)
ugh! I would not have voted yes for him. Too many controversial stances. Vote NO for Betsy DeVos! #unqualified
bad day for democracy! You are being a puppet for a dictator!
as a constituent, if there is one I'd like to see blocked, this is it. Please consider the impact on voting rights.
He is considering that. That's why they want him.
from the statements I've seen from @JohnCornyn I don't think that. GOP South, yes. But I hope he'll do what's right for Texas.
Cornyn voted Aye without hesitation.
"he's not racist, he's my friend" echoes room of white men 30 years later
good news and good work. You and Ted stand firm for Texas and Americans.
I'm an American & a Texan & they don't stand for me. Shame on @JohnCornyn & @tedcruz
Your right and good for you for "voting" unlike dems who don't even show up to vote in senate
selective memory?  Shutting down government and completely blocking votes for 8 years?
When did govt shut down? missed that "fact". Blocking? Ask Harry Reid.
seriously? Here let me Google that for you: https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/heres-happened-time-government-shut/story%3Fid%3D26997023&ved=0ahUKEwiL3vn1ue_RAhVG1CYKHTQjAmUQFghJMAU&usg=AFQjCNGo1LcKujvr6WhAfF-dQEZo6GNJYg&sig2=YbBpn00ODjFC4THsv5O7uA …
YAY RACISM!
#AnswerThePhone #YourTXConstituent
Great way to start off black history month GOP.  #tonedeaf
