Most of us that aren't completely hysterical know this is standard practice.  But thanks for the update, Senator.
Not in this manner!
Whatever. They all do it. Quit crying,  you lost.
We ALL lost!!
I'm literally laughing at you. Just so you know.
Okay
As America spirals to a mean, third-world status, people like @JohnCornyn will say that abuses of power are routine! and perfectly legal!
Not in this manner!!
Routine; Cornyn won't hold a townhall because he's so scared of facing his constituents.
Routine: Cornyn plays partisan politics instead of listening to constituents
Obama's attorneys are too honest for the Trump Administration.
The dominoes are starting to fall. How long can you practically hang on? Careers will go.
But not when it comes immediately on the heels of a watchdog group asking for investigation. #nonofthisisnormal
Actually, it s typical paranoid activity oft seen w NPD when not getting his way. Quite predictable. Will get worse
the fact that you are in congress hurts much more.
Dinesh D'Souza shares letter/proof that incoming Pres. admins usually fire people, as in case of Clinton firing Sessions in 1993
If you want a job then you must be very loyal to President Donald Trump, Respect Him.
No he only fired those not loyal to him, I said fire them all, must be Loyal to President Donald Trump.
LOL Clinton fired 92 in one day!
Why did you tweet this article? You agree with her?
OMG! Liberals are such drama queens. What's sad is their followers don't know any better & suspect wrongdoing.
it is NOT routine to fire attorneys w/out already choosing replacements. this is an attempt to cripple DOJ.
ahhh yes it does Sen
When exactly are you going to put your petty differences aside and do your job!
we absolutely need an independent special prosecutor for this. Please support! We need the truth no matter what.
@SenFeinstein plays partisan hack. Forgets Clinton/Reno firing of all in one day or commented what then?
release Trump's taxes to an independent investigation of Russian influence on this administration
John, you always play partisan politics and don't ever have yr constituents backs.
I don't believe anything Feinstein has to say.
OBummer did the same, he didn't have to wait 50 days. His cabinet was in place! Dems holding up cabinet hurts USA!
Maybe Trump should actually nominate people for the positions. There's still 500 that he needs to do.
Just a distraction. Let's talk about Mike Flynn and his work as a foreign agent while a member of the Trump campaign.
Well @POTUS and @VP don't want someone that aggressively prosecutes corruption (U. S. Attorney Bharara) around.
No one to point the spotlight where it should be pointed.
If there are replacements on deck this is a normal procedure, but I doubt there are.
if this is attempt to state opposition to the recent firings, thank you. I agree this was unfair.
please take clear & aggressive action to undo firings and voice opposition towards these actions. #dontfailmenow
I just hope there are replacements ready to go, but knowing this admin I have my doubts
I'm glad SOMEONE has the cojones to stand up against trump. #resist #RESISTANCE #ShePersisted @SenFeinstein
she should probably retire. But then you get someone like Gavin or Xavier.
@SenFeinstein Clinton fired 93 US Attorneys. Unfortunately cleaning out the swamp is a necessary evil these days.
What did Fientstein say when Clinton fired 93 (after he took office)
you all should also be fired for not doing ur job.
no RINO CARE!!!!!!! Boooooo hissssss
Apparently this has been done before NYT says Bill Clinton fired 93 in one day!
This is obviously better for the #Trumprussia plan.
Clearing out offices with 12 hours notice and not a single nominee in place. NOT ROUTINE. #asshat
such a bitter old man!
Bill Clinton fired all 93 US Attorneys on the same day.
curious move out of nowhere. Which one scared the WH...
Hold a Town Hall.
Plan on getting your notice November 3, 2020. Sooner if u get a primary challenge (which this Republican prays for).
@SenFeinstein ~ Clinton fires 93 US Attorneys day one and he had no leaks from them.
helps to drain the swamp!
good! clean it up!  & don't do it halfway. 
i don't think they will go quietly.  get ready for more freeloader protesters.
2. Kick to the curb. You all are next and soon!
And he will soon turn on all of you, blame u for everything that turns out wrong! Take a look all the ppl he has
U ppl know that Trump lied about Obama. We all know he's a pathological liar. What are u B going to show integrity!
@susancrabtree but the AG asked for resignation not POTUS.
And u ppl are still sitting back letting this man tear up the country.  THIS IS A F ING SHAME!
"drain the swamp"?  With all the democratic's on their "resist" campaign, this was overdue!  Trump & Sessions
We're just starting the resistance, honey bunch. ;-) Your darling pu$$y grabber is in for it.
I'm genuinely interested in your opinion as I've seen many today. Do you have a statement?
Send her a message!!! All Obama appointee shd be fired as untrustworthy!!! Shadow Government by Obama? Nd to ck Feds
You are a joke Feinstein! Get out of town.
You are party not country. You should be ashamed.  #InvestigateTrump
what's good for them isn't okay to do for republicans. Dems are the most two faced SOBs on face of the earth
They had to find out from the media; the same way you'll find out about your loss. Did you see the cover of Harpers?
Really? I just ran across a post of a pic of a letter signed by Janet Reno from 1993 asking for the same thing
More of the Obama spying on him BS Lets talk about Flynn
you mean drain the swamp
I think was a good move.  Do it now not later.
Oh wait!! You can still kiss his ass as Secy. of DOE. How lucky for you!! @thehill @HuffingtonPost
Shows that Trump's talk of being a unifier is nonsense. He is purging any hint of the previous regime. Why should Dems cooperate?
Every POTUS since Reagan has done this Bill Clinton did this.
