a man w no integrity (that's u) should reflect on himself. #cornygoals
He's just trying to make a stand for something other than Rep who don't know what they stand for.
Meanwhile, you support a President who never admits he is wrong about anything even when obvious to everyone else.  Dems admit their error.
Oh I think they are figuring it out, but the ignorant uneducated deporables may never know how the #GOP is screwing them! SAD!
We understand. dems stand for nothing...Good, Right, or Descent!
Don't be an ass, John.
Bill Clinton was impeached and he stayed in office why does Maxine want to impeach Trump before was inaugurated peaceful transfer of power
Schumer stands for Schumer. They name streets after guy's like him. One Way!
And it's th Republicans' fault that we hv a 36%er who iis working w Putin fr his own  benefit at th expense of our country's security.
You should quit listening to fake lying news!
U should seriously reconsider if u really want t b part of a traitorous political party that supports a guy that is working w the enemy.
Okay. So your SMM put the art out. What's your point or CTA? Or did you just waste space again writing to your base by rewriting the lead?
Totally true that Dems are without a message or mission. Doesn't make GOP any better
America just learned what ACA stands for because for last 7 years Rs have been lying about it, and continue to do so.  Repeal effort teaches
And please don't forget Bill Clinton was impeached for lying so why don't you go to the Electoral College and ask them why they voted Trump
That's right. You guys don't have a message you don't stand for anything except a car money you could care less as long you got your share
I agree wholeheartedly. If Dems spent half the time connecting with voters as they do attacking Reps, that wouldn't be a problem.
Interesting RT, given that as a lifelong Republican I no longer have a clue what GOP stands for.
Greedy old party
Its your fault that our country is no longer a democracy. You're soft on crime and you sympathize Communists.
We know what Republicans stand for..tax breaks for the rich & taking away health care for millions including the disabled & elderly  
Nice to know Dems can self examine. Can the GOP?
We're mighty clear on what the GOP stands for: party over country, lobbyists over constituents, healthcare only for the rich.
Except that we do... which is why we reject them.
We have no clue what GOP stands for either. Looking at you @SenCapito @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski and @SenateGOP. You forget #FullRepeal
It's simple: no one in desperation.  The freedom to choose to better ones circumstances.
We know exactly what you stand for. Why do you think we voted for Trump?
Oh wait... Or is this why?
LOL!!
It's his fault no one wants to be a democrat anymore: rich, narcissistic liars who don't listen and respond to voter's concerns.
You know y'all just elected Donald Trump, right? That happened.
Vlad installed him
No, the @DNC is weak willed and will not stand against members of the @GOP who use bullying tactics to get their way.
For proof look no further than the '16 presidential election. @realDonaldTrump bullied @HillaryClinton the entire time & won the election.
We know that Dems allowed many GOP Amendments, and hearings on the Affordable Care Act bill process which took over a year, vs @GOP BS
What do you stand for Johnny?
We know what Dems stand for- riots, abortion, chaos, big powerful government to keep everyone under the rulers thumb.
Good news: Schumer nor Dems are trying to repeal Ocare, Repugs we know from your actions/ silence where you all stand.
Not to worry, we dems in the field are educating people . Thanks for Trumpcare . Really helps people to see ya'll clearly.
You stand for entitlements, a state government, murder of late stage unborn children, distortion of family, and a state, free of God.
Texas has one of the highest poverty rates in the United States. High rate of children in poverty.  What say ye about healthcare for them.
@alweaver22 Prob. 4 Dems is that people woke up to what party stands for & want none of it! Same can B said 4 RINOS,
You can't comprehend someone admitting a simple truth with a look to improve in the future. Unlike anything that has happened in your GOP.
It's your fault healthcare is so messed up.
Treason is not a party issue. Why do you allow Kremlin loving Kushner's to exist in the WH?
Your hatred for anyone that doesn't believe the way you do is now made so obvious. You represent 30 million people, yr doing a cruddy job.
It's noble to admit mistakes. How about you, John? Acting like you're right about everything all the time is how I would describe you!
Because, like you @JohnCornyn, they, (he), stand for nothing! Save self aggrandizement.
I'm thinking Cornyn is on payroll of the WA Examiner. He never ever posts from any other newspaper. The more we click on his post, more $.
Actually, the very same thing is said about the GOP right now. What do do stand for, Sen? Donor interest or your constituency?
He should resign now that he knows it's his fault. He is an obstructionists and toxic!!  I hope he resigns.
They stand for big government,  we thought the republicans were for smaller government.
WE DO KNOW! Dems want to enslave every American. You want to be the Master. Current slaves of the gov. Recipient's of welfare Medicaid Ob ca
It's called personal responsibility and self-reflection, John. Try it some time.
@JohnCornyn is correct that it's newsworthy for a politician to accept blame for failure. @GOP and @realDonaldTrump should try it!
Our tax / health care dollars are squandered tucson Arizona bone yard 1.2 trillion $
at least he is truthful. can't say the same for u Cornyn
Conversely, I know exactly what the @SenateGOP stands for... millionaires and billionaires.
Unlike you he tells the truth.   You lie.  Everytime you open your mouth.
The voters don't trust any of you guys. We see you as failures to everything but your own bank account
and republicans John want to cut taxes 4 wealthy and take away healthcare 4 US WAKE UO dude @indtx36 @DFWIndivisible
True. And it's Republicans fault for inflicting us with Trump.
Did u notice this Russian thing? Or are u too busy reading the Wash Examiner and discovering your state's Hispanic population?
#Medicareforall
What's your point Cornyn? That he is taking responsibility rather than blaming Hillary? The GOP can learn from that. #termlimits #cantstandu
We know what democrats stand for. Look at their failing cities & schools.
Baltimore Los Angelos San Francisco Detroit Chicago NYC NJ CA
Projection much?  What does GOP stand for--cutting taxes for rich donors and taking medical care away from children, elderly and poor?
And trump says it's the Democrats fault that Rs are failing. You refuse to include Ds in policy, that is you in being complicit
Chuck you don't stand for anything worth standing for that's the real problem.
Dems single purpose was and still is, is opposing anything a Rep is pushing.
But it's GOP's fault that Dems have not been able to provide insight into anything with this administration @JohnCornyn .
None of you want us to know what you REALLY stand for. You stand for the rich that fund your careers. Untrue? Prove it. @GOP @TheDemocrats
Well aware of what Democrats "stand for"...thus why I never will vote for them.
Senator, what do both parties stand for, I know what you are both against.  We have serious issues that need to be solved, work together!
Now, what's your fault?
#VoteOutCornyn in 2020.  The #Democrats may not have had a vision in 2016, but at least they put country over party! #Vote2020 #ByeCornyn
That's bc u stand for ungodly things, forced them on us & taking away our freedom! You're so far left, u believe you're the only ones right!
@SenSchumer that's BS GOP stand for corporate greed and Russia ,Dems stand for America and the wrking people of this country #TheResistance
What does the GOP stand for?  The are ok with a lying president as well as money-laundering Russian-loving kids of the president.
Oh no, voters know well what Dems stand for and what they did over the last 9 years.
That the Dems couldn't beat a lugnut like 45 is testament to this.
Admitting and willing to fix. Republicans can't find a fix for anything. You and your bunch are just as guilty.
The Democrats don't play a perfect game and, poof, our democracy is co-opted by Russia.

Good job Cornyn twitter guy.
If the shoe fits, Senator. If the shoe fits.................
They everything thats wrong in america..They forgot the first and most important job is to protect American citizans and our borders.
I know what you & GOP stand for. Repeal & replace you, Cruz, Abbott et al as soon as possible.
This is called accepting accountability; and it's an important part of the process of building trust. Good luck with that, Republicans.
The faults of YOUR party are egregious, unpatriotic and dangerous. Yet, you do not have a single shred of decency to admit any of it.
Seems obvious - besides socialist fascist elitism, obstruction and destruction.
Refreshing to read isn't it John.  Imagine what your party would be like if you became honest in your own assessments.
and there lies the difference between parties. Can the @GOP ever admit to a time when they have been wrong? Like NOW, on ACA ??
as opposed to the Repubs who apparently believe in oligarchy
At least he can admit faults. More than we can say for the GOP. Glad you're linking to this reputable news source again.
You've got that backwards, SCHUMER! It's your fault democrats don't know what voters stand for or want.
Most of ur posts make me scratch my head - beyond disagreeing w/ most of ur policies, makes me question ur being fit for office, like w/ DT.
But it is very clear Republicans stand for Russia and taking away healthcare from millions of people.
We do know what you stand for and that's why you have so many losses in a row Chuck.
It's not that voters don't know what Dems stand for...It's that voters know Dems despise America & don't like what Dems stand for.
I don't in $1M years understand how people think this. Every Dem I know cares about, & wants what's best for, our citizens/democracy/nation.
In a warped kind of way....
Statism! Black Lives Matter!Racism! Abortion! Illegals Before Veterans!Tyranny!Forced Failed HC! Open Borders!Elitism!Weak Defense!GW Lies!
They are the "Animal Farm" come alive! They are the End of The Republic and must be stopped by every means possible!

@SenSchumer  Oh know Chuck, they know EXACTLY what you stand for, that's your problem.
When are you and the rest of your death squad going to admit you are wrong? When are you going to start listening to the ppl you "represent"
Fair point. But voters are coming to find out as their health care (Dems put into place) is about to be stripped away by GOP.
LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS. Texans don't want #Trump healthcare bill.
Yeah. It's called accountability. Look into it. Maybe remember this next time you complain you can't get anything done because of Democrats
GOP trying to pass health care reform
They have and identity (TheNazi FascistDemocraticParty)besides whyare theyusing PresidentTrump's saying ,are theytrying to sound like Trump
John Cornyn: It's @SenateGOP fault voters didn't know the Russian were backing @realDonaldTrump because we stopped news behind closed doors
Keep drinking the Koolade, there is nobody more corrupt than Hillary.
Well...at least one party can admit mistakes/faults and come up w/ solutions to fix wrongs.
And it's your fault that Republican voters now know what you stand for, tax cuts for  rich at the expense of healthcare and all hail Trump.
Democrats care about social issues: health, housing, education, employment, balance. GOP's care about taxes, bribes and fundraising.

Apparently not what 88% of their party supports, 58% of Indy's, & even 25% of GOP wants #MedicareForAll
An adult taking responsibility, a Senator being responsive, a plan to address problems. Sounds like you need to take lessons, John.

A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
More lies, Matt?  Sensationalism?
Get control of Senate,  get nominations done, unreal to let minority control AGENDA.  REPEAL , stick to your word or u ALL incur VOTER wrath

"I'm begging, Senator Heller" - This woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
Schumer needs to stop this kind of rhetoric. Democrats know why we lost----RUSSIA!!!!
Senator Cornyn, just because @SenSchumer admits the faults of his party doesn't mean that the faults of your party aren't more dangerous.
#RUSSIASANCTIONS
Is dishonesty okay if you're the one spreading the lies? Your meme suggests treason when there is no evidence.

We must continue to oppose EVERY attempt to repeal health care as long as Republicans control Congress. Call your senators: (855) 999-1663 
At least the GOP allowed Obama most of his first nominees and got his nominees through without stonewalling. Big diff in obstruction levels
And their idea of bipartisanship has been...you do what WE (dems) say or you are racist...for past 8 yrs at least. Don't trust them.

I worked w/ Pres Obama to roll back part of Obamacare that was harming vets & now I hope Dems will to the same. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3oKgKEAIDw&feature=youtu.be …
Nepotism, Kleptocracy, Corruption on the highest level this country has ever seen. @GOP will not recover from this
Cant get my head around why GOP is more vocal abt leaks than abt the illegal activity that leaks exposed. Woodward & Bernstein were leakers!

.@SenatorCollins: GOP health care bill "could lead to insurance plans that really are barely insurance at all." http://abcn.ws/2tfyJkR  
OMG someone is taking responsibility for the consequences of their messaging?

SHOCKING!

@GOP would never do such a thing! #quellehorreur
Yet a Majority of House & Senate + WH doesn't seem to be getting anything accomplished. I'm sure it's just messaging. <sarcasm>
Washington Examiner is pure trash. Try again.
Chuckie, what DO you stand for?
Everyone knows what the @GOP stands for, John
.@SenSchumer is wrong again. We know what Democrats stand for and we rejected what they stand for in November.
we know what they stand for just like we know what you stand for, big corporations in your pocket determining your judgements and votes
that your in the pocket of Russia and trump, and would rather hurt the texas job and health care markets to deliver a pathetic win for trump
we know what democrats stand for, we have had and seen what they stood for, for 8 years, and it was GREAT compared to this crapfest
a president not constantly in a twitter meltdown, composed and winnning nobel prizes, a party that wanted to help all americans no matter
what skin color, or what was or wasn't between their legs. A party that stood up for peoples rights against big business and predatory banks
and i know this as a Born and raised WBAP and fox news Republican up until this last election cycle when my eyes opened at just how
ass backwards the party has become since the tea party and the alt right nonsense. R's are a sham party now, and it's sad and pathetic.

When GOP rejects false choice of repeal only or #Trumpcare on steroids, we are ready to work on bipartisan solutions that help all Americans
