but at what cost?  Our environment does not carry a price tag.
we need a townhall, sir. U need t hear th voice of th people instead of ur big buck donors. What day & time will be good for u?
"The People" have consistently and "overwhelmingly" voted for Cornyn.
Then what's he afraid of? Why doesn't he return calls? Answer his voicemail? Respond? Why? The People wanna know
How do you know he doesn't return calls or answer his voicemails. Are you his secretary?
maybe there was some over reach but the GOP is throwing the baby out with the bathwater & Americans under the bus. All for $$$.
But at what cost to the environment.  A sad six weeks for Mother Earth.
Yep, get rid of regs so coal co.'s can dump waste in streams.  That's making America great again.
One reg "rolled back" made financial advisors put clients over their own $$ interest. Appalling!
All of it helps the rich get richer. Sad.
how much has Trump's vacation and golfing has cost us the tax payers?And which regulates are you talking about the airwatercoal
Well his annual salary is costing us $1 and he kinda owns the resort he uses...sooo....
he is working 9 to 5 for the presidency & not in DC where he needs 2 b 4 world 2 see him doing his job
According to staffers.
what about money wasted on golf trips ? Also, if your so concerned about overregulation why do you want to ban abortion?
how many millions is trump spending taking a vacation EVERY weekend?
About $3M, plus raising membership costs to profit off it. He's already spent more than Obama did in a whole year.
Actually, that's unverified.
which part is unverified?
$3 mil.
ok, if not 3,how many millions have trump's weekly vacas cost Americans? &who takes vacas like that?
I can't help you or your IQ. A weekend is not a vacation and he owns the place.
my IQ is fine.So is my masters degree. trips to Florida cost millions and presidents don't get wknds
who needs clean air and water anyway?
#TownHall
when will you call out @potus for lying on a daily basis?
#NotFavorablyImpressed
really?  You are proud of the past 6 weeks??? Shame! Shame! Shame! #DoYourJob #noban #nowall #keepACA #yousirareclueless
Libel of former President: 1.
Millions about to face no health coverage, industries free to poison American citizens, greater disparity in wealth...
didn't u know that millionaires+ are the only real american citizens? everyone else is fake or paid
Where r u getting these numbers?
we are six weeks closer to understanding his administration ties to russia.
secret service and "lifestyle" trips to Florida 11 mill in FIRST MONTH compared to Obama 88 mill FOR 8 YEARS! #resist #govtwaste
will you be supporting @RandPaul healthcare Bill? The GOP House can only come up with a plagiarized approach to Obamacare.
dirty air, dirty water, pillaging of public lands. That's what your rollback means. Stop polluting us!
Your trying hard to make Thump look good and tried harder to make Obama a great President look bad.
all his vacations will quickly exceed that. 45 is already surpassing 44's annual vacation spending. I thought Obama was bad
this has been the must disasteress 6 week of any presidency.
And cost the taxpayers over $30M on his golf trips to Mar-A-Lago and keeping Melania in NYC.
Compliance that assures clean air, clean water, accessible public lands, and safe infrastructure. Not something to brag about.
You'd do better to spend your time getting that nutjob out of the White House...
please Senator, hear us. We want a reason to support you, these are not reasons.
At what human cost?  At what environmental cost?
How much is that wall going to cost?
maybe that will cover the fees for Trump fam in NY and his weekends in FL
because they haven't hired anyone for over half of needed exec branch positions you dolt. You people make me sick. #Trumprussia
lives lost but all good as long as CEO makes billions
Tepid response there Johnny boy.......
millions spent on his vacations and his immigrant wife who we are paying to avoid her husband
Will you also be reporting on the abuses, like additional pollution, bailing out banks, civil rights violations?
Russia comrade
"when a president’s oath is reasonably subject to question, the system frays and those systems of deference stop working"
rolling back regulations sounds dangerous for the environment and the country where's the check and balances...SAD
An oath of office worth less than warm spit on a corpse.
Decades of honor & credibility shattered, from peace/prosperity to self-induced crises and national malaise, heckuva job.
Also, how many people will get sick and\or die because you eliminated protections that kept them safe? Their deaths are on you.
Source? Given simple math, not a very credible claim. Have you decided to join @realDonaldTrump in his daily twitter #lies?
You are delusional.  @realDonaldTrump is heading toward impeachment and prison.  Russia-gate & Iran-gate.
Your constituents won't be distracted.  #LastTerm
I am so sick of your cheerleading tweets! You work for constituents, same as a hired yard guy. #listentous! #healthcare
who does that help most?
just getting started with repeal of Congressional Record
@TexasGOP you need to look up the def'n of "externalities" to realize just how incorrect this statement is.
Election Day is comin'!!
You left out the number of lives lost.  Oh, I remember, GOP only counts the lives of the wealthy
wealthy and white
source please?
Please. Visit your constituents. We'll be nice if you'll just respectfully talk to us. #TownHall #YouWorkForUs
We also didn't vote for Putin, the derision of the poor, him increasing his fortune by working w/gov'ts who send terrorists.
And how many poor lose health care? How many hard working Americans deported? Don't know bad enough pejoratives #YouWorkForUs
yes, nice work rolling back crucial environmental and financial regulations.
@Twitter At what cost to the environment & health? Detail that if you dare.  Will you publish the list of regs blocked?
You celebrate an administration in chaos and under investigation for constitutional and ethics violations & treason?
you learned to lie like your husband. Well, they say married couples start matching each other. Trump-Cornyn or Cornyn-Trump?
and polluters are once again the proud owners of the GOP. You have rolled back the country to 1972 in 6 wks
& how much have we wasted on his weekly vacations in Florida as well as the security 2 keep Melania as far from him as possible?
#fakenews with no citations. Plus we all know the real cost of the savings #cleanwater #cleanair #ivote2018
So all that money can pay for his weekend trips to Mar-a-Lago?
so happy that bankers don't have fiduciary duties anymore.  How else can we break the American people? *sarcasm
aren't we still on Obama's economy?
Are those estimates?  Prospective savings?  Source, please?
10,000 fake reporters gone
Name one regulation that has actually been removed or changed.
you mean the overreach that protected clean air, clean water, and endangered animals? Yeah! Good job! Good luck w/ reelection!
Clean water and air protection , financial industry safeguards: all put in place to help the people, rolled back for lobbyists.
great!  That'll help pay for his vacations at Mar a Lago.
Yay! Trading clean air & water for money! You're a fool, Cornyn, and we don't buy it. The DeVos vote alone showed us your true color$.
good to see that you are more interested in saving money than saving lives. It's clear to see who your master is.
Good thing we saved compliance hours.  Now fed employees will have plenty of time to drink dirty water and breath dirty air.
Maybe and how many billions of dollars into your political cronies pockets, not to mention corporate fat cats and big pharma.
fake news
Provide a link to your sources next time, otherwise you look like you're making completely illegitimate claims.
I follow you everyday Senator. You are great at social media. Hold a town hall. We need a dialogue, not a monologue.
I would love to discuss this with you and healthcare, taxes & Trump. When is your TOWNHALL?  #TownHall
6 weeks, 4 weekend in Fla. costing taxpayers millions & repealing rules to save coal companies  $32 mil at cost of clean water.
You are my representative. You willingness to support harmful environmental regulation rollbacks is disgusting. #resist
In 6 weeks GOP & Trump administration has covered up treason, destroyed our reputation, & has failed the poor, old, & sick. FAIL
Sounds like rape and pillage!!!
that's short sided Senator. Regulations protect the planet, the country, and your constituents.
what do you consider "regulatory overreach?"
How can you be so blind to the atrocities of this administration? Your misguided party loyalty will be your downfall.
.@JohnCornyn We are 60% water...need it to survive. How much would you pay to be sure the water your daughters drink won't kill them?
Source please. Those numbers don't make any sense without context.
CBO figured out that number, or did you just make it up. What will it cost to fix the environmental/ financial industry damage?
1-you can't measure it that way and 2-how much damage will be done to the environment Senator???
get ready for workers being injured in the jobs, our water being polluted and worst for the majority, the next financial crisis
and 500 billion in hate and distrust! Forgot about those? More ignorance? Let's vote this traitor out of office! Clean the swamp
Repeal & replace Republican Senate.
What is your source?! You cannot make these claims w/o providing a source!
Otherwise it's like me saying, I have worked a billion hours on grading this semester alone!
POTUS makes unsubstantiated accusations  EVERY DAY!
citation please?
Provide proof please.  Dollars,against categories and hours as well.
Trumpcare is awful, bad for poor & elderly people, benefits wealthy CEO's. Obamacare is better coverage
Where is the data? What will the unintended consequences be, e.g. enviro rollbacks--> toxic water supply, air pollution? 
Why is GOP playing Tic Tac Toe with humanity? Smart rollbacks involve long term thinking, data re implications, 3D chess.
A broken clock is correct twice a day. Miss a math class or 2 Johnny boy.
trump is a con man. R u? Quit defending his lyining mentally ill arse r u will be seen just as he is: A sad pathetic fake joke
Citation? You tweet half-truths from shady sources all the time so excuse me if I'm no longer willing to take you at your word.
Clean drinking Water, air we breathe, watershed, forests, etc. EPA pritections: Priceless to our survival. Think about that.
Admin Proced Act, law passed by congress, sets forth regulatory scheme. 2 now say over-reach is to mislead.
keep cutting regs. so we can pollute earth more and have another financially crisis. Way to look out for the common person!
how many gallons of dirty waterin our future? Polluted air?
Fucking kidding! Dumbshit pres. Tweets bs about wiretaps( no evidence) and couldn't happen by Obama himself and you investigate
I can make an extra million dollars if I rob a bank. Doesn't make it right or positive.
So proud. Now you can pollute steams , sell off public lands, destroy the very fabric of America. Go you!
so you are telling us he saved enough money to pay his trips to FL where he regularly tweets crazy stuff you won't comment on?
@HUDgov Feds taking 35 million in funds away from @NYCHA It costs taxpayers 15 million per month to house Melania at Trump Tower
I look forward to voting against you in the next election. I'll probably kiss the ballot box.
what is wrong with you? Regulations are what protect us from being poisoned or fleeced by the billionaire class.
but black lung comes roaring back, clean water is a thing of the past, smog free days are long fone! Good one right!!!
I wish you cared as much about your constituents and American people as you care about defending Trump and his policies. Sad.
Can you post the supporting documents for this claim? Thank you.
Any comments on $10m weekends in Mar-A-Lago and $500K/day for FLOTUS & son to be in NY? How about #TrumpRussia ..Didn't think so
supporting data please??
Oh good, that'll pay for a couple more weekend vacations of his. Hypocrites.
But how many lives will be sacrificed, and how much will our health, and the health of the planet, suffer? You suck.
But what have been the costs to our heath, the environment, and the LITERAL costs we are paying for his vacations and NYC res??
Trump owes Blackstone/ Bayrock group 560 million dollars the primary reason he won't reveal his tax return. RELEASE HIS TAXES
no time/money saved w/DJT's proposed investigations abt made-up voter fraud and wire "tapp". need to #INVESTIGATETRUMPNOW
, and whose time was "saved"?  Was it worth it to poison streams in Kentucky and make people who now won't have insurance sick?
regulatory overreach..? Probably could of used that for the West, TX fertilizer explosion. 15 Texans died John. Incompetent man.
, where is the evidence.  Surely as a former judge you don't accept info without backup.
"Evidence" is for rich donors--not the likes of ordinary plebs like us.
Senator, those metrics are not helpful in isolation. Can you explain why the cut regulations were unnecessary?
Negative externalities imposed on innocent people who you won't let sue for damages. Not just immoral; bad economics.
please provide details of numbers.   Texas will never forget you stood with a traitor for your own personal gain!   Do your job!
also in 6 weeks, GOP's complete cowardice to investigate Trumps glaring ties to Russia. Party before country huh John?
So, I don't think you understand how compliance works. Calling your office to explain it to you. Brb.
I know, it is just so much easier to dump pollutants in our water now. Thanks Senator
I assume by looking at these responses, your constituents DO NOT AGREE with you!
unfortunately, he doesn't care what we think. You have to give this guy big to get his attention ... SAD!!
TBD, the downstream effects of this regulatory gutting. Marking this, we'll revisit in a year. Q: What immediate effect on jobs?
At what COST? Political posturing does no good when we no longer have clean water to drink or air to breathe. We still see you.
and how much have we spent on 45s golfing in Florida trips?
on the golf course he owns?
you do realize there are more expenses than lodging and golfing, right?
What will you do about  #vault7 & secret illegal CIA revelations shock conscience. unconstitutional.  U R MY SENATOR;  thank you
Will you share the spreadsheet you are using, sourced properly, or do you just make this up?
let's do same for taxes! #FAIRtax #taxreform #IRS @POTUS @VP
@All100Senators this is a win?
How can you quantify compliance time saved thus far? What is your source? You are complicit. Your legacy will suffer.
.@JohnCornyn 98K public schools screwed, 1,300 endangered species threatened, millions with healthcare jerked around. Yep, great job.
How much given to foreign and domestic billionaires gaming the system? How many children and senior citizens will die?
but he spent that on his weekend vacations to florida. #TRUMPcare #fakecongress #DOyourjob
Will you please give citations for these numbers and which regulations?
not saved :#environment, #cleanwater, healthy citizens, I could go on...
In 6 weeks Trump  has shown the US and the world what a dangerous  POS he is.
Source?
Oh good, maybe those businesses can send that to pay for his trips to Mar a Lago. That covers roughly 1/4 of it so far.
Oh! Maybe they can send that money to the orgs that are going to have to clean up the rivers destroyed instead!
Site your credible sources. With full analysis of how it impacts tax payers. And then hold a #texastownhall so you can #hearourvoice #resist
I want,  no I demand as a Texas taxpayer a townhall!!! DO YOUR JOB!
Naked numbers with very little meaning. What are the long-term consequences?
one month Trump $12 million on weekend golf!
Have you ever heard of an "externality"? Probably not.
are you LIBTARDS still mad you LOST
And what is the cost to the environment and to human life?  But $ for corporations. Sad!
watch out in the next elections dude. People don't like filthy air, sludgy water, $$ for the rich.  We will show you the door!
yet we're paying HIM for his wife to live in a golden palace, along with SS. Your legacy= Trump sycophant.
And people will lose their jobs while Trump and family receive millions in security while promoting their businesses. Nice work.
you need to apologise to Texas for wasting their tax dollars on your silly antics, and to the nation for spreading this garbage.
your money won't protect you from dirty air and water. Stop polluting the planet - that doesn't help anyone. #resist
If you care so much about fiscal matters, why do Rs in the house want to vote on an ACA bill that hasn't been scored?
Are you an American Patriot?  We have traitors in the WH are you siding with them? Texans will not forget
Making the world a safe place for unregulated products, environmental destruction and Russian spying! MAGA.
Yay!  Dirty air is acoming!  Dirty water!!  Yay!!  Extinction for life on earth!!  Good news!
At what cost? The trains have run on time before.
You left out "and billions of $ given back to billionaires, which will never trickle down in the form of a living wage."
Nash you are so wrong. Why not try being part of the solution and not part of the problem.
What the hell are you going on about?
People didn't vote for dirty air, contaminated water and bankers who run away with their money.
You knew #Trump financed #IranRevolutionaryGuard through #TrumpTower #Baku. You are a #terrorist for supporting him.
#resist
500 Appointees left to go and 3 appointees/week when the Senate in session.  Whats the plan to finish b4 2020 @MelissaTweets
how many streams destroyed & how much was spent in extra cost cleaning up the immigration EO mess. U r an embarrassment.
Allies confused. Enemies emboldened (and, in Putin's case, probably served.) Isis recruiting off of Trump's words. Wow.
the GOP leadership is clueless.  Rearranging chairs on the titanic. #Trumprussia #TrumpTaxes #TrumpTappTapes
that's vague. Where do you get your numbers from? And which regulations?
What's vague is claim Obama bugged Trump Tower!
