So I guess critics of House HC bill are OK with approx 30M uninsured and soaring premiums and unaffordable Deductibles?
UT has statisticians, accountants, & actuarial folks to help you over the hump on this thumper complicated health care.
republicans fought to allow insurers to drop out. You're a terrible leader
Aetna/Humana hissy fit. Please. And who is to say they'll come back or write policies for your plan? They write in CA, not TX.
- ins comps r leaving B.B. they wld have to give up rec breaking profits. But hey ur taking care of that...not us.  #uworkforus
TrumpCare benefits rich and kills seniors and low income. Tax breaks for your rich buddies? Not happening. #GOPFail
So either change the incentives, or better, go to single-payer!
and why did Aetna really withdraw?  Be honest, you are a Texan.
Objection, argumentative.  Substantiated facts only please.  Is an intern  running your Twitter?
Aetna left the marketplace because they wanted leverage to push their Humana merger through. Don't obfuscate the truth.
Oooh, if only you were in a position to remedy any of these things. Too bad, right?
and (R) Party undermine the ACA by defunding then prop it up and criticize it for failing. Your families must secretly hate you.
In my County there is no choice of companies to choose from.  There is only one.
your defense of this kickback to the wealthy reminds me of "Don't P*ss on my boots and call it rain."
blame that on the insurance co. Now there is a place to start some changes. Get the ins lobby out of ur pockets
Then FIX it! Solve the problems w/ ACA instead of supporting a bill that will kill people and give tax breaks to the wealthiest
yes 
#Obamacare is bad. So is #Ryancare . Be bold and independent. Do the right thing with fresh ideas. Please. #MAGA
we want single payer or the exact same health ins. we tax payers provide to you
Insurance companies are going to leave even quicker with the House plan.
Maybe you should compare TX market to CA market.  CA took the Medicaid expansion, serves their citizens well, not party politics
your plan isn't making them come back There is no motivation for HC companies to provide it for the masses It's a market failure
that is because there is no money in it.
- Your state refused Medicaid expansion - rising premiums and lack of choice in Texas resulted.
Choice is all very well when you can't afford your copays or deductibles. What horseshit.
you are putting lipstick on a pig-this bill is bad-on the ACA so fix it-fix the mandate-encourage participation-expand Medicaid
DUMP TRUMPCARE, DUMP RYAN. START LOOKING FOR A JOB CORNEY.
H.R. 1275 Bill called world's greatest healthcare in the world...republicans are trying the harm the work class and elderly
Sir, markets exist to make money, & there isn't any money to be made insuring sick people. This is the flaw in your plan.
Fix what is wrong with the #ACA. What do you think is causing this problem?  Maybe ask @barackobama. Talk to insurers!
Honestly ur tweets have made me think you don't represent me at all, if I never read these tweets I would have thought otherwise
honestly u suck at tweeting. U post without ever backing anything up, half the time it's nonsense. Give me substance PLEASE
what r u doing about that without leaving me without health and mental health care?
Kellyanne? Is that you?
GOP, please talk in budgets that ordinary people maintain, not jingo....if your plan So great, tell us costs
- we want you to fix ACA - not make it easier for insurers to hurt consumers even more! Also ditch the reverse Robin Hood
Maybe we could try your insurance out? And have you considered that insurance companies are the problem? #waitingfor2020
The bottom line is none of can afford or pay the price of this outrageous ACA that @Speaker has thrown at us ! Don't want my
Medicaid, Social security cut and have some form of health insurance.
I have infinitely many more choices now than I did before the #ACA.
GOP did away w/ safety nets 4 insur co's, took away tax penalties, TX didn't go 4 Medicaid expansion funds. YOU are killing ACA
Do your job, Johnny. Less tweets. More work.
it seems you are suffering from a rectal cranium inversion. This is a preexisting condition but #ACA plans will still cover you.
When insurers withdraw its a business decision about the money execs and shareholder expect in profit. Nobody makes them do it
What insurance companies are withdrawing in Texas?  I've always had BCBSTX with 3-5 options. Employers only offer 1 insurer...
it must hurt to care so much for your constituents. #Trumpcare
so you should over last 8 years tried to fix that problem and not introduced TRUMPcare.
But ... the new plan will literally increase all of that. We AREN'T ok with any of those things - that is WHY WE ARE CRITICS
Lots of insurance companies left after Obama care,People could not afford Obama care.We do not draw the money congress draws

#FullRepeal
Face it.  The only thing your plan does is make it more expensive to be sick and/or poor.  It does NOTHING to help people.
Instead of doing the Republican or the Democratic thing -- how about doing the RIGHT thing for all Americans?
And companies pulling out of markets (oh god, there's too many SICK and POOR people here!  Let's go to the rich sides!)
And that means raising premiums (gotta make up for covering the sick!), higher deductibles (don't USE that coverage, please!)
the healthcare mk is stabilizing.I've read the reports and the individual mandate is taking effect.Aca is better than the ahca
As long as you don't guarantee health care as a right, insurance companies are going to do everything they can to make money.
So you'd rather have 50+M uninsured, soaring premiums, unaffordable deductibles AND companies withdrawing from market?
With each tweet, you reveal your socialist tendencies. Let free market capitalism takeover.
I assumed you were reasonable.  I was wrong. #Trumpcare is bad for America
Both Obamacare and TrumpRyancare offer projections of a mass exodus of the uninsured and soaring premiums. Both sad : (
So why is all the burden on the American ppl? Why not shift that burden onto the ins cos? Try & PRETEND u care...just a little.
please stop with this, you look ignorant.
And please don't call it a Health Care bill when it's really just a tax break for the rich. You represent me, do the right thing
Dear John, you have doing great on investigations into Trump money laundering, do one more great thing and STOP this HC bill.
fix pharma price corruption and insurance companies should NOT charge as much.
come on John an entitlement by another name is still an entitlement. LISTEN and do what we elected you to do. Repeal then replac
Ryan has zero credibility.  Not trusted or believed.
not excepting the medicaid expansion in Texas already said they didn't care about people or money so sell your bull elsewhere.
the math of mass death John, and this is what you're supporting.
there's no choice if you simply can't afford insurance.
Withdrawing from the market because of GOP-led weaknesses in the ACA. Fix the ACA instead. Or Medicare for all. Do better.
Single Payer Option.
Senator please explain to me why all Americans cannot have the same insurance that you are given by...Americans?
I despise health insurance companies.  Talk about blood suckers
The GOP made it clear they supported this withdrawal. You've encouraged the failure the entire time. You are a shill.
we are talking to you. You refuse to respond directly to your constituents, but to yourself. We will remember. We are watching.
perhaps regulating the insurance companies - SENATOR....
Stop pandering. AHCA is a joke. Reject it. You know, how you rejected averything that would've made ACA more affordable for Texans.
AHCA will lead to more abortions. That's on you.
the @GOP plan on the ACA was 1.) Water it down in committees to avoid single payer, medicare for all, or any universal coverage.
2.) Lie about what's in the bill, claim "death panels" and tell older people Obama was going to take their healthcare away
3.) Hold moderate Republicans to the fire so even they don't vote for a bill they helped craft. Vote in lockstep against it
4.) Sue or legislate to block crucial portion like Medicaid expansion, state run exchanges &  risk corridor payments
5.) Take 8 years of repeated sham votes to kill the bill, claim to have better alternatives, though never produce them.
6.) Use FoxNews and other right-to-uber-white-wing outlets to help spread your false propaganda to the ignorant masses.
7.) After working hard to limit ACA success and popularity thru previous steps, have candidates run on fake "better plan"
Credit due. It worked. You won your Pyrrhic victory. But I wonder how your voters will react to the reality of your plans.
Facts - Premiums rise 15-20%; 24M MORE w/out; Medicare insolvent by 2025; $880B Medicaid cuts
How about regulations on the insurance companies? How much $ is enough? 
Oh right, if you go after them their PACS won't $ you!
I'm not sure how you think taking things away from people gives them more choices.....
.@JohnCornyn you mean like Aetna leaving the exchanges to threaten their way into favorable anti-trust treatment?
I think you've got it backwards. Critics want more insured, not less.
These people trying to defend horrible Obamacare are driving me mad. It's a total disaster. It's killing my family.
can you fix those things? Bc the alt that you're pushing looks worse. And all reports I've seen have the  no. insured increasing
so what you want ppl to be happy with loosing your health insurance
We are asking @GOP to present a balanced plan that is fair to all and properly covers the neediest, not weighted to the top.
Single Payer. Period.
we aren't ignorant. We understand how insurance pools spread risk. You really need to go back to Econ 101 before U destroy lives
I can not wait until you are history! Just seeing your ignorant tweets makes me hate living in TX
Don't be stupid. You know this plan will cost more and cause more to be uninsured. ACA needed fixing, yes, but this is not it.
And if you lose your job and can't afford insurance anymore, how does a 30% penalty for loss of coverage help?
The problem with the ACA was the penalty wasn't high enough. And states were allowed to opt out. Hence: soaring premiums.
House bill is a complete Loser! In some ways worse than Obamacare.  Could cause GOP to badly lose in '18. Don't stick your neck out for it.
How many choices do you have for your gov't provided healthcare?
Why did you vote to get rid of #ACA risk corridors? #GOP sabotage is why we are where we are. @JohnCornyn
So figure out how to fix that part of it, not toss all of ACA out of existence. Get a brain. Fix what is wrong. House bill no go
Oh look, you are screwing up your legacy again! Obviously no one wants that. But send poor to the ER, expenses go up for all!
Maybe AHA would be working better if you and your buds hadn't been trying to hobble it for 7 years. Don't be disingenuous.
Would you know the truth if it smacked u in the face? I am embarrassed that you represent me and are pushing this terrible plan!
what do these tweets mean?  Release an official statement your position & then come to TX 4 a town hall so we can talk to you!!!
Because the @GOP removed risk payments, didn't expand medicare and other parts of the plan. YOU drove them off for politics.
they are leaving to threaten to get what they want. They want mergers for less compensation and more money in pockets.
U had 8 years to work with Obama 2 make this a great bipartisan plan.  Now U want to toss up your hands & whine?
You and your comrades did everything to sabotage the ACA. #partybeforecountry #idealogue #unamerican
As a TX resident, pls understand, health insurance is not healthcare. Get govt out of healthcare industry. Repeal Obamacare!
you do realize you are on the losing end of this fight. Not even your buddies at GOP are able to choke down this shitball.
Senator, why must our choices be limited to bad or worse? Why should we commit to the first plan made, no matter how bad it is?
the current bill will not work. Re-write and fix. Maybe if all states had supported and participated the first time??
What's 30m, let's add 24m more? Is that the thought? Soaring premiums been happening for decades. #DoYourJob #MedicareForAll
Republicans are ignoring the problem just like the Democrats did. Time to address outrageous cost of care. Too many gov regs.
Interest on 20 trillion debt would cover a lot of entitlements.Balance government budgets and pay down debt.No new freebies.
240+years old and we now have less freedom than when the first settlers came to America.No more imposed mandates.
The British forced taxed us.Their military took over our homes.Forfathers created the constitution to avoid government repeats
Time to turn Texas blue!  You are only in it for the wealthy. Trumpcare is really Deathcare!!
Republican Insurance Plan =RIP
I pray it will be a RIP plan!
I want the same Healthcare you have Senator.
What is the deal with "genetic testing" portion of the new bill? Please remove this portion! Violates Privacy.
I have scrolled through most of the replies to your tweetstorm this morning - not ONE response in favor of AHCA. Pretty amazing.
Your people are speaking out, John, and they DON'T WANT THIS. When will you listen?
Either ur not 1 of the millions who will suffer or...no. We ALL pay when such a high # of our pop is uninsured.
GOP can fix rising premiums. Instead they uninsure. Not a solution.
We ALL get punished when healthy people don't sign up. How do you not get that?
This is nothing more than sick care and giving money to the wealthy!  You work for me!  Get your hands out of their cookie jar!
Cry me a river. Ins. companies = 3rd world healthcare 4 outrageous prices. DEAL WITH THAT FOR A CHANGE!!!
If Republicans would stop and think, they would see it is more economical and efficient to fix the ACA rather than scrap it.
This would be resolved if Congress would take steps to lower cost of care. RX and care is to expensive. Premiums will decrease.
Shouldn't have to pay for "someone else's " pre and post natal care, esp if they're not part of your heritage. #AmericanValues
you should not guess about anything. Repeal Obamacare not replace it. Stop guessing because we have told you what we want.
but you want HDHP's? You and the @gop push HSA's! Poor/MC can't afford them cause they don't have the money to put in the HSA
#termlimitsv#timetogoCornyn
You had 7 years to fix the ACA but you were too worried about blocking everything  As long as your covered
who are you working for? Insurers or people?? FIX the problem of Insurers leaving the market. there's your chance to LEAD
Withdrawing from markets where they can't make an outrageous profit! And HC CEO's making tens of millions! Tell the TRUTH! LIAR!
We all can choose Porsches too, will you help me buy one?  Or just a quadruple bypass?
The more help you need, the less you get.
Maybe just maybe if the feds would get out of the way, the market could fix YOUR 40-year debacle.
Why are you talking to yourself, John? Talk to some of these constituents, plenty of comments from concerned people. @JohnCornyn
I bet @JohnCornyn voted  for the Marco Rubio poison pill that drove many insurers away https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/opinions/how-marco-rubio-is-quietly-killing-obamacare/2015/12/14/c706849a-a275-11e5-b53d-972e2751f433_story.html …
Insurance Monopoly is an economic tapeworm. Kill it and be done. #SinglePayer #MedicareForALL
Why is this an issue? Health care should be a right.
so tax the insurance companies, reform they way they work. They've made enough profits on the sickness of your constituents!!!!
Who are the 30 million uninsured and why is it your job to insure all of them? Not the governments job.
more choices won't help if no one can afford the choices.
There is no guarantee insurance companies will jump on board to offer policies at a low enough premium for all Americans.
Your job is to help fix instead of obstruct for the last 8 years. Yes we have been watching. Quit w the lying and greed.
Again, not ok with that either.  You need to start fixing problems.  Citizens deserve better. Democracy deserves better.
I guess we need to elect new people who can figure this out. Sounds like we're screwed with either plan then.
if more young people signed up there would be more risk spread around and less money going out. You know, like insurance works.
I'd like to know what $ and perks Ryan is receiving from insurance lobbyists to push this through & who the lobbyists are.
Ryan is raking it in
.@JohnCornyn John, you're not fooling us. We're not stupid. You're not going to somehow convince us that this dumpster fire that Ryan is--
-- calling a reform is anything other than a transparent way for insurance companies to profiteer. You're not going to talk us--
-- into suddenly forgetting that half the failures of the ACA are caused by GOP sabotage. Quit insulting us.
.@JohnCornyn Not a good option in the bunch.
At least they'll blame BHO! So, yes there's some merit in it. @VP
So fix that. The problem is that too few healthy are getting ins, leaving the exchange pool w/ too many sick. Don't take ins away from 30m.
Insurance companies are withdrawing from the market because they see a windfall of profits & little loss with GOP's AHCA scam.
is right. The public doesn't care about profits of insurance companies, Mr. #Scrooge (@JohnCornyn)
how about single payer?
so what, they're the ones losing money
I have good insurance, John, but at my age if I didn't you'd want me to take my cancer and sit quietly in the corner. I refuse
to accept that this is what my fellow must accept. You can't run from the tax cut for 1%. Town halls. Phone
Did you also vote to remove risk corridor? Are you part of the problem? Yes and yes. Quit lying to people and do right for USA.
it's not an either/or write a better bill or fix the ACA!
Of course, the state of the ACA has nothing to do with the elimination of the risk corridors, right?
Not buying this. Fix what is there. @JohnCornyn
