The unemployment rate is 4.7%  Are you also supporting legislation aimed at making it 8.2%? https://twitter.com/johncornyn/status/879481032151629824 …
Or let them get their employers to provide healthcare 
They took that mandate out too I believe
With good paying jobs come good benefits - all I am suggesting is with more jobs - less uninsured
Sooner or later unemployment will be incr. Truckers will be replaced w/ self driving trucks, incr in drones 4 deliveries, robots 4 desk job
Remember when they said paper companies would go out of business because the personal computer ?
Same is true for the drone and robot theory- IMO
Why do u think they are talking about taxing the robots? The govt has to look at ways to not lose their revenue when companies switch over.
Older workers will be let go & younger 1s kept 2  "train" the robots 4 any new business process. Honestly it is better 4 kids 2 do a trade
I think the GOP is starting to realize after 7 years of ACA that you can't take Americans health care away. It will mean political suicide.
I  wish GOP stopped with the ideological opposition and would actually start CARING about the American people.Start drafting universalHC!
Freedom of choice. Well that's rich coming from someone who doesn't support American women's freedom of choice regarding healthcare.
The market doesn't always provide. Actually, it does always provide for the rich.
Better option, stop bailing out rich lamerz who eat gold plated truffles and sit on tacky gold toilets.  I'm tired of supporting you.
My car is registered in TX. So you're saying I'm not required by law to insure it? I can "choose" to go without?
Though I agree that requiring health ins. is a good policy, only auto liability insurance is mandated. Health ins is like comprehensive ins
Except liability is required so you don't cost someone else money. Same reason for the hc mandate - not passing those costs on to others.
Same logic behind paid sick days. So your waiter, cook, bus driver doesn't infect the whole neighborhood. But ya know #taxcuts
Go ahead, anti-choice conservative - lecture us on choice. Go down that road, for sure.
Ps, the only people who "choose" not to have insurance are people who can't afford it.
This argument would be like saying millions "choose" not to go on vacation each year & pretending it's because they don't want a vacation
You'd like that, wouldn't you. Free market means YOU make better dividends & lboyying handouts while the rest of us get screwed!
And BTW, Brent is right - the market won't provide adequate choices for people on its own. Government MUST do something.
Guess what else people want John? You out of office in '20
But we do not have a free market: 1 example is generics are not allowed to compete due to big Pharma using legal shenanigans.
If we depended on the market, we would still have slavery and kids working in factory.  Thanks John for trying to take America backwards
So will you be holding a town hall now that the vote is postponed?
CBO projects health insurance for 64 year old increase 300%. Choice will be not to have health insurance. That's what you mean by choice?
But can the market Provide a plan that if Affordable for the People of TX? No? That's our problem w your plan. & you Still sound Defensive.
@maggiej36775571 @JohnCornyn
Lies, lies, lies. Why bother lying? Nobody believes you who isn't a self-destroying robot.
One question Senator: Would you put your family on this healthcare bill?
Good question how much Russian money has found its way mysteriously into your pocket? Is it subject to taxes ?
Oh John! I am all for choice! Get rid of that bit about defunding PP, k?
If you are poor and sick what choice will you have? I am for free market until people lose their lives.
What a pretty legacy you'll have. Ripping medicaid protections from elderly & ill children, all for a tax cut for you & your rich friends.
Get em Virginia.  Get em!  There is no freedom in a system where you cannot afford the "choices".
What Christian takes basic healthcare away from the poor and most vulnerable amongst us???
We had market determined healthcare, resulted in ERs w/ too many that could not pay. u were against that remember? U r 4 ur donors that's it
ObamaCare stimulated our economy & got It going again. Now your going to pull the rug out so Dems will have bail one more time. Really!
But the market doesn't want to provide insurance to people with catastrophic/terminal illness. Doesn't this condemn them to misery/death?
Besides death & taxes, there are 2  certainties in TX. Our leg, Gov & u don't like poor ppl & women. AFAIAC, y'all have blood on your hands.
The market will never provide quality healthcare for poor people.  That is the role of government.
I'd say for "all" people - once hospitals are forced to close no amount of money will save you.
Unregulated markets have never been good for America. Healthcare for profit has never been good for America. Medicare/caid for all is good.
...unless it's unaffordable. Good luck, pediatric patients! 
.@JohnCornyn pass legislation barring lobbyist monies for Congress and also Tort reform. Else you aren’t genuine In let the market decide
You have a different way of making people pay for it. Locking sick people out the market for 6 months, how many people will die
Your bill costs more and covers less!  Way to go John looking out for your constituents.


Capitalism does not work in regard to healthcare. It is because greed by drug,insurance companies.
Why do you tweet Sir? You do realize that this is your last run as a Senator. We 50-65 year olds hate #Trumpcare Cruel
... And if they can't afford what they need, the market will kill them like any other non-competitive entity #DontCare  #cutcare
@phuggins I'm sure you support a penalty when a person exercises his freedom to not purchase automobile insurance, no?
But, given your presumed allegiance to the Koch brothers (how was the retreat?), it doesn't surprise me that you have lost your way
Allow for denial of coverage for pre-existing. Every argument you make is predicated on a false assumption
Unfortunately, "the free market economy" did not serve us well prior to the ACA, with insurers having unbounded freedom to raise rates and
"Markets" in health care push to pay as little as possible for health care - i.e. insure the healthy and dump the sick from insurance. #BRCA
Where are the Americans that were Sworn in to Protect and Serve OUR Fellow Man, "Stewards"  of OUR Tax Dollars, you're ALL Thieves, LIARS
You're pro choice?

hey Corny, how about a #TownHall ?
The market has failed that was why the ACA was written. You don't care because you will be covered when your old and sick.
FALSE
No, I want a government that ensures essential services for all citizens.  Weird concept isn't it?
.@JohnCornyn the "market" is run by greedy men (your buddies). If it weren't for people like you & them, we wouldn't need so much regulation
Think what U meant to say is better option for Big Insurance & Pharma to have free reign to gouge American public for whatever they can get
And still backing into...trying to trash Ocare instead of defending what you are offering!
Market doesn't acknowledge my existence so I let things go. If I had cancer it would go untreated so why should I know or care? 'Murica!
Instead you get penalties--dire ones--for not having continuous coverage.
Penalties from the government are tyrannical, but when they come from an insurance company, it's freedom?
"attenuate the US opioid crisis is not part of the agenda of the health insurance industry"
Cornyn's num 3,8,&12 industries own this bill. Say 'hello' to the healthcare cartel:
22mil uninsured of which 4million workers will lose employer coverage per CBO.  All so you can give a tax break to your wealthy donors.
Choice is always limited when it protects the greater good.  I don't get to choose if I need car insurance.
I want legislation that kills fewer of my friends.
Many of us are more concerned by the penalties imposed by the bill on those who don't have a choice about needing healthcare
Cool then let's see that for car insurance too. Because last time I checked we had an individual mandate for that, too.
What free market? Healthcare consumers take what we are offered and are thankful for whatever we get. There is no transparency or choice.
We had that before. My little boy would be uninsurable and we would have gone bankrupt after his stay in the NICU. #VoteNoBCRA
Either your ignorance of economics is abysmal or its your cynicism. Either way you're bringing ppl to the slaughter based on ideology alone
Texans are so dumb that they think the battle of the Alamo is something to be proud of.
Canada, Australia, France and England: care is good and universal and drugs are cheaper. All single payer. America has no excuses  left.
Could you at least have a conversation (tweets don't count) with your constituents? Could we please have your town hall schedule?
...because they don't focus on HEALTH. That's why we're seeing the light: a single payer system will provide HEALTH for ALL, not SOME.
A lot of us are tired of GOP masquerading tax cuts for the rich as "health care reform". Three GOP attempts have gotten lousy ratings...
Health care is a right. It shouldn't be a commodity directed by the whims of the market.
Because that cheap health care- and it's won't be for anyone besides the rich- will probably be more unhealthy than that cheap jam.
Distraction tactic, Senator. I don't want to "choose" cheap healthcare like I "choose" cheap jam at the store.
@phuggins Lets penalize folks 4 being old, sick, & poor! Its not free mrkt if wealthy, insur. & script comps, control R SENATORS
Market choice doesn't work if you're dead.
"freedom of choice" 

“War is peace. 
Freedom is slavery. 
Ignorance is strength.”

1984
All for Free Market freedom in Insurance. Why can't we have it?
Great! What I want is affordable (less than $200/mo) healthcare that will cover me now that I've had breast cancer & a seizure condition.
there is no freedom of choice if you can't afford it, you rich dick bag.
I'll get some nasty tweets but as you're my actual congressman I asked that you vote no on any major healthcare changes till after 2018 ty
Hey, John. I used to respect you as a fellow attorney, but can you at least admit ACHA is fatally flawed? #VoteNoBCRA
It's not a choice when decent care is unaffordable and later unavailable when you cap out. This bill stinks John. #kochpuppet
AHCA does have a penalty if you don't have continuous coverage.
Freedom of choice would also include women's reproductive rights. Meet with your constituents and let's talk about it! When and where?
So if the market prices me right out of an affordable plan that actually covers anything, I'm getting the freedom to choose to die?  Thx.
Also, Skippy, does "freedom of choice" mean that I, as a woman, have complete control over my own body? Cause that's my choice.
I would prefer penalalties for elected reps who betray their country, their constituents  by selling their souls to big pharm and ins co SIN
We force everyone to have car insurance. How is this that different?
Health care is a right. Rights should never be subject to the market. Especially when the market is rigged.
We had that before the #ACA when I was self-employed. My premiums went up 1000% in just a few years. And we had annual and lietime maximums.
Freedom to choose what? Healthcare that leaves them uncovered when they need it, thereby burdening ERs w/crises due to unmet hc needs and /1
passing on the cost of their unpaid hospital bills to the insured patients? How is that different from going w/o auto liability coverage?/2
Other than fact that if you poorly maintain your car due to lack of $, it doesn't potentially spread disease to other cars, that is. And /3
the fact that, like death and taxes, needing healthcare is a near certainty for *everyone* (while car wrecks somewhat less guaranteed). /4>
Freedom of choice ?  Between paying the mortgage or paying for life saving surgery. Not a choice. A death sentence.  We won't forget this

These wealthy people say No to this healthcare bill. https://www.forbes.com/sites/carolynmcclanahan/2017/06/26/the-wealthy-want-the-senate-to-dump-the-better-care-reconciliation-act/#5a57b9885266 …
So when will you be asking the Texas Leg to repeal mandatory minimum car insurance coverage?
Health care is not a free market commodity. It's your money or your life. We are 33rd in quality of care and the most expensive. SOLVE THAT
You're solving the wrong problem. Making rich people richer is not the problem. Making healthcare more accessible and affordable is  issue
Cut out the middle man. Vast amounts of money are suck up in insurance expenses and management.  Lose it. Time for single payer. It's time.
Why ask millions to die rather than ask insurance employees at find new jobs? Time to make creative solutions. Something GOP does poorly.
Freedom of choice like a woman having access to safe birth control/legal abortion? Funny how FoC only works when convenient for you. D-bag.
my mom's long battle with cancer would have left my dad massive debt if not for the Affordable Healthcare Act.
You are the one penalizing Americans that face similar choices and will not have the protections of ACA.
Stop with your lies about "free market" and "choices".  There is nothing free about the choices Americans will have to make.
Stop with your lies about ACA ready to collapse. Your party has used that same rhetoric for 7 years.
Time to admit that the Obama had a damn good plan that pushed our country in the right direction.
You are not improving healthcare for anyone in America. You are just improving the bottom line for the Top 1%.
If you pass this bill, I will make it my life's mission to ensure that you and your party members become private citizens soon.
And so you can enjoy the fruits of your Healthcare labor like the rest of Americans, John.
@phuggins YES! want the individual mandate! GOP should like that personal responsibility & did until Obama implemented GOP idea!
Americans want decent, affordable health care.  The market ain't providing that.
Katrina/NO: Vendor charged outrageous prices for bottled water. Consider price based on 'you live or die.' Better deal from heroin dealers.
Spoken like a man who has no chance of losing his #healthcare
I am absolutely voting against you in the coming elections in Texas.  This is insane and has nothing to do with abandoning choice.
Cornyn's fallacy: present a false choice to voters, ignoring the real solution -- a single payer plan that provides affordable care for all.
You are not letting "the market" decide you are doing the bidding of a select few rich campaign donors. Be honest
The best choice would be 2 have you stop handing money to the richest Americans so that they will in turn support your campaign #MiddleClass
The only thing that's impressive about you is your cowardice.
The invisible hand of the free market strangles individuals who do not have competitive commerce...
@JohnCornyn supporting freedom of choice? Now I've seen it all! Cornyn doesn't have the moral character to be city dog catcher. #FraudJohn
The "freedom" to rack up debt at ER that society ends up paying for? Careful, you're making strong case for no free market in healthcare
The market DOESN'T provide what everyone needs. That's why Americans have to beg for charity if the get sick even when they HAVE insur.
The market is providing our "legislators". Unfortunately, like some insurance policies, are priced out of our range.
Cornyn = empty suit. No longer represents Texas. He is now on the New York greed express. Party over people! You have hit the skids! Too bad
Bless your heart
Insurance works best when there is shared risk and price discovery. The GOP bill does neither.
CBO report basically says low income folks will have so high a deductible that they wil not buy insurance.
The market already tromped low-income ppl. GOP plan does not solve that. Gives ins big $$$$, not rest of us #gopdoesnotcare
The Bill is called "a catastrophic report". SAD and pathetic.
Including in Marriage, Unborn Children, Marijuana ... careful with that reasoning Senator
John, admit it. You don't give a rat's ass if people die. Well, you know what John, it will be the end of you. Come election time, #JohnsOut
Then why would your bill keep them from buying it if they haven't had coverage for 60 days? Shouldn't they be able to buy it whenever?
We don't want "the market" deciding whether we get to live or die. Some things are more important than money.
You know instead of obstructing & wasting tax $$$ sueing to repeal all these years you all could have worked to fix what was wrong w aca
40% people die WW bc pollution. All genet, MH & diseases worsened by pollut. You refuse to protect our health & expect us to  more? #BCRAP
There is no open market. As a result, the insurers' "market" never delivered on what people want: quality care at reasonable prices.
Free market as in pre-ACA where 50 million were uninsured? Also, I have as much of a prob with your orig misleading tweet as your position.
We the people want universal healthcare. NOT FOR PROFIT. get it?  Drill it in your damn brains. We DO NOT WANT TRUMPCARE
Your plan penalizes them for being uninsured and then trying to get back on? How is that really different?
Speaking of freedom, a free country doesn't work on bills in secrecy
Obama hit unemployment rate down. Give it a year or do and our country will look like Russia
That was working out great before the ACA was put in place.  Does anyone actually read research/data anymore?
Freedom of choice? Yes, most people try to get rid of that pesky insurance
you are pushing death on us. Death. As in people dying. So your donors can get tax cuts.
ACA came into existence because the market was unable to provide a usable option... Your bill makes it worse for all but the wealthiest.
This is disingenuous. Let hospitals turn people away w/o insurance. That's freedom! Otherwise, we all pay for the uninsured.
Freedom from death in your mind must be directly proportional to the money one has. Very Christian of you. Read the Sermon on the Mount.
Which funeral home stock is Inside Trader HHS Secretary Price suggesting?
Umm, problem is affordability.
OMG!! You're now Pro-Choice?!?
We tried... it failed. Parents of kids w/disabil & serious illnesses went broke bc insurance refused to cover needed services.#neveragain
No, we want single payer.
How about market pricing for drugs?  Why don't you guys start w/that?  I'd love you for it - seriously. We pay so much more than Europe.
And the only forum you will give your constituents is your bullshit tweets?
The most devastating passage in the CBO’s report on the Senate health bill https://www.vox.com/health-care/2017/6/26/15876778/cbo-senate-health-bill-gop?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=entry&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …
where is compassion in the market? Cap on coverage and preexisting conditions? Sick since I was 6 and terrified of losing cvge.
I think I can safely say that Americans don't want the market to let their premiums rise.. which it would, for low income, elderly, and sick
who is having there freedom of choice limited, and how? Do roads limit our freedom of choice? Do schools?
Healthcare should never be driven by the profit motive. Healthcare markets aren't interested in real, affordable care.
If the market was working to make healthcar affordable, there would have been no need for Ocare or other fix in the first place.
I think you forgot to take your old dude pills today, John. You're way more addled and non-sensical than normal.
So, you're pro-choice now? 
When the so called "market" is rigged against you by people who earn million dollar salaries, where does the choice come in?
*better option for the businesses
Taxpayers pay for uninsureds' care when they have to go to the ER or  public hospitals and can't afford to pay. Insurance for all is cheaper
NO! The best option is a single payer system so we'll have healthcare for ALL! The market would provide the minimum to maximize their profit
The BCRA is about one thing: massive tax cuts for the rich.The GOP has never cared about HC insurance availability. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/26/15862002/tax-cuts-ahca-republican-health-plan …?
No, taxpayers like me will still be paying when they go to the ER. Jobs will be lost,  Americans will die, & you snark on Twitter. You fail.
Bet money there is 1 or 2 people behind all these sock puppets that always swarm your tweets.
people's health isn't a business. It's their life. You're pricing them into death. Wake the hell up.
Most of the flies on your tweets are astroturf. So obvious.
All I hear from you is market, market, market. Guess what John? We are human beings. We have real needs for affordable health care and your
bill doesn't provide it. It's a tax credit for the wealthy. It cruel to your most vulnerable constituents. Texas will pay dearly.
Many already are, thanks to Rick Perry. No Medicaid expansion state, highest infant mortality in developed world, abandoned 250k private pay
Yeah Texas is gonna end up like some crappy banana republic with these kleptocrats running the show
Those 3 issues/factors are going to get much worse if the ACA is undone - lowers cost as nothing/nobody covered! Eliminates real choice/care
No, we want taxes on rich people to subsidize it 
Ya know, how government works
Are you really pro-choice, or only about things your donors support?
He's not pro choice. He's pro what ever lines my pocket.
Like the Airlines. We want a cheap ticket AND a comfortable seat.  Haven't got that yet. Your faith is misplaced.
Corny getting frustrated. Guess he didn't expect people to get so upset at making HC more expensive so the rich could get richer. Weird.
Johnny, ur becoming universally despised! Stellar work on these bullshi* tweets!
Less government does not necessarily mean more freedom
The HC market does not function normally due to asymmetric knowledge... I mean yea capitalism!
Let the Law provides what Calis want~~ Lawyers
The med industry exists almost entirely to serve people who have are incapable of representing their own interests in adversarial purchase
Your plan means higher net premiums for everyone and millions who want coverage will lose it.
Yep. Americans want the freedom to choose to pay MORE for plans with higher deductibles and co-pays that the CBO shows your bill provides.
If "the market" gave a crap about the ave person, that would be fine. But it doesn't. I notice you're not interested in "market" insurance.
Who pays when someone exercises their freedom and then needs care?
What is it about healthy Texans that you do not like? The market won't provide for the poor, is that your goal? Thin the poor herd?
Of course you have penalties for this. It's called a 6 month time out from an ins exchange. GTFOHWTMFBS
Freedom of choice to do what? Make insurance more expensive for all of us? Freedom to choose between mortgage/food or health insurance?
Yet, the market won't do that. Care to look at insurance industry pre-ACA? No, because your campaign contributions would dry up. What a joke
Looks like Mr Cornyn loves Marxism because he wants Federal Govt to control 1/6th of USA economy!  Hey #Texas you voted for a Marxist!
