Amen.  You Got it.  And, Don't dare think of ever putting that mandate back in.  Senate better protect us from that from here to eternity.
I'll take that when we forbid ERs from treating people without insurance and making it impossible to discharge medical debt in bankruptcy.
wow, I didn't know a person could discharge medical debt in bankruptcy.  what chapter?
Er, really? 7 and 13. (And there's evidence that Obamacare has reduced the number of personal bankruptcies.)
My dad so sick, doesn't go to doctor as much as he should because of co-pays under Obamacare.
Careful what is "Obamacare" and what is just insurance companies using it as an excuse.
trust me, I know the difference. Been digging into it for Dad- who was better off before Affordable (un-affordable) Care Act.
I'm sorry it hasn't worked out for your dad. I'm sure (serious) that your closest D rep would be interested in feedback on improving ACA.
That is the mentality that lead many to be uninsured prior to the ACA.
People take risks in life. If they get sick, the hospital/doctors still send them a bill. It's called a debt and they have to pay.
When the debt is the amount of a mortgage, it's no longer sustainable. ACA removed the risk.
If all the ACA did is provide catastrophic insurance, there would be no fuss. But it was designed as a first step to Single Payer.
We should have coverage that ensures we have health care in crisis or not. Profiting off illness and shackling massive debt is sick.
If there is no profit in health care, there will be no health care. At least in a capitalist society. But it appears that's your issue.
Strangely enough, we manage to have air traffic control and interstate highways, neither of which turn a profit.
Yes. Government is required to provide essential services. Pure capitalism is not what we have. But capitalist practices fund everything.
You know, I might actually respect you if you just said "we want to give a $1B tax cut to the 1% funded from health care for the poor."
But your continuous concern trolling, deflection, and distortion make you an example for children who ask "what does 'dishonorable' mean?"
Stop lying to people!  Is lying a prerequisite for being a republican?
Single pay or!
Fake news
Fake news
Are you daft? You and the GOP have the opportunity you have wanted for 4 years... create a better solution.
Forget WSJ-read ur constituents here! Or hold town halls! No? Let me put it in terms u understand_GOP will be blamed
It is fixable, u just refuse to help US out.
Then why does house version eliminate penalties?
Not funding RISK CORRIDOR PROVISION!
Rubio and GOP set into motion why ins co closed or left mkts and why prems have increased so much!
So I won't lose insurance?  I had breast cancer.  So I'll be able to AFFORD insurance? Answer that.  All news is NOT fake!!!
I was on ACA until it got too expensive bc Texas has no competitors to drive down cost. We want what you have.
Too bad for the American people that your party hasn’t come up with anything better in 8 years. #incompetence #partyofno
Fake news
We need single payer healthcare now!!! Join the rest of the modern world! Healthcare should be a right not a privilege of wealth!
Fake News
Neither is AHCA
What happen to GOP personal responsibility belief?  Mandate needed for those who can pay otherwise Tax payers foot the bill!
and the republican answer is to take healthcare away from another 24 million?
Some ppl, millions of real ppl, say u r lying about healthcare to appease ur party
"Some ppl say...." line, straight out of tRumps playbook
GOP is doing nothing to bring down costs, too busy trying to give massive tax cut to their rich friends.  America deserves better than this.
It's better that what the GOP Proposed. 8 years you complained. Where's the perfect plan that u had 8 years to write.
#pplLikeU#Heartless
Single payer it is then!
All you ever do is blame Obama.  When will Regina govern instead of resist?
Why are you so against healthcare?  What the hell is wrong with you?
when will you have an Austin town hall?
its not...many alternatives availabe, gop needs to pass ahca and start process of reversing the centralized, federal system
What centralized, federal system? In case you hadn't noticed, implementation varies dramatically by state.
badmouthing a plan with no reasonably replacement does not show wisdom
Damn right-let the poor & elderly suffer so the wealthy can thrive. What year did you lose yoyr conscience? I saw it on a milk carton
some people will always conclude that- it does not make them right.The word "Insurance ' is what is obfuscating the debate- Universal HC now
Instead of quoting other sources - have a Town Hall with your employers and see what they want in the way of Healthcare...
Oh, so you're for single payer then?  Public option?
Avoidance of NOT listening 2 your constituents, not speaking w them & NOT doing your job=shameful
Fix #ACA 
#AHCA is worse & GOP knows it!
#singlepayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer HINT HINT
Well, duh.... And removing the penalty makes it worse. Allowing states to opt out created this issue, and penalty was not enough motivation
A lot of people didn't care about the penalty. Government can't force Americans 2 buy insurance
It must feel like a slap in the face for this lady, Just Should Not Be.
Are you able to offer a solution to ANYTHING, or can you only blame Obama? Are you going to blame Obama when you get voted out of office?
Then try and fix it!!! Stop whining!
John Cornyn. As a public citizen, assuming age less than 65, having read over Trumpcare, would you be enthusiastic about buying this policy?
How much money will you make off TrumpCare?  How many more will be uninsured?  How many more poor and elderly will die without health care?
Stop trying to kill #ACA! It saves lives!
Why don't you work to fix the problems instead of whining about the ACA? Oh, you would rather whine than shine.
I know you do not read your twitter account, you have an aide, paid for by the american tax payer, read them, you disgust me.
You have been stealing money from Texas for 14 years, done nothing, just move to california and join the rest of the thieves.
Penalties too small and Republicans sabotaged by refusing to expand Medicaid and create exchanges.
No!  Some people have already concluded...
Are you being coy? It's called adverse selection. It's the sole reason the individual mandate has to be used, otherwise no system will work.
Life = death. Can't get out of it. Very ugly/painful. Good luck with no health insurance Death doesn't necessarily chose old people.
Universal coverage would bring premiums down. GOP pooh-poohing the whole healthcare thing and not offering any solutions doesn't help.
GOP AHCA only makes rich richer while the poor and sick die
and just what's going to be done about what we all knew would happen? Tell us what the plan is. All know how bad it is.
Keep dancin Jojo, hot salted peanuts are on the way.
At last, some honesty: The GOP is going nowhere on health care
Trumpcare is worse.
Yeah. We are aware that the #ACA needs maintenance. Stop bitching and start maintaining. Do your job.
Same thing can be said of auto ins.
Yep. Some ppl will make bad choices unless forced not to. Bc NOBODY KNOWS WHEN ILLNESS WILL STRIKE. They end up on Medicaid then we all pay
That's an opinion piece John
And you want to trash the whole system just so you can get a tax cut? No thanks.
The penalty was a @Heritage invention.The AHCA's 30% premium increases for a year (!) are far more punitive than ACA penalties.
2621 days
2621 days @GOP had to care for Americans
2621 days for #Trumpcare #Failure
2621 days
Any employer on earth would fire you all
Actual Answer is..Never SHOULD Have HAPPENED IN the FIRST PLACE! #ACA Was all abt MONEY 4 Ins. Co. Big Pharm. & Lining pockets 4 KICK BACKS
Do you have a loop of inane responses that plays over and over in your thick skull? Stop with this garbage and LISTEN TO US.
It's not
We get it. The GOP supports insurance company profits over the health of Americans. You're a boring broken record.
So this is how the GOP is trying to justify taking insurance away from 23 M people?
With costs for us 50-65 year olds going up 5 times more than others I guess I won't have health insurance. Do you even care about us?
better for people to die. Just like you like it, killer.
Have you ever considered sitting down with Dems & discussing improving the ACA? Probably not. You voted repeal. Now it's Dems fault.
Answer: Single payer
Because it is not. Paying an outrageous premium does not provide any where close to decent coverage.
#trumpcare: @mattmfm
Medicare for all. Eliminate the unnecessary interference in healthcare by the for profits insurance companies.
Why don’t you actually dress the issues instead of quoting other people. You know the penalty issue is a symptom, not a cause.
That's all he's got.  Single-payer, JOHN!
Medicare for all to ensure insurance companies are not allowed to end Americans lives prematurely because higher rates that can't be paid.
Medicare for all is the responsible action. All other actions cause unnecessary premature or abortionist death on living Americans
If you're so concerned, pass healthcare for all.
So why not try to fix it? Why do you have to repeal it and start from scratch? Oh, right, because anything Obama did must be destroyed.
The genuine conservative option is Medicare for all. All other options high cost to individuals, families, communities, hospitals and states
What's your solution to fix the high premium problem! All i hear are criticisms from you & NO solutions! Trumpcare def isnt the answer!!
CBO: With AHCA 51M people will be left without health insurance coverage. Only number you need buddy.
No private insurance plan is worth the price for any moderately healthy American. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
Your the lawmakers, make the law better. Fire the insurance companies whose priority is profit. They not concerned on Americans health
Not funding RISK CORRIDOR PROVISION?
Rubio and GOP set into motion why ins co closed or left mkts and why prems have increased so much!
How about laws requiring price transparency in health care? Then the free market can work and people can shop around.
Now it seems different people pay different amounts for same procedure depending on different insurance companies or uninsured.
And consumers have no idea how much a procedure costs until weeks later when the EOB and bills arrive.
Until they have an accident/develop an illness. Then they will understand why it exists, why we have it even when healthy.
And at THAT point they will want to buy it. Only when it benefits them, not when their contributions can help others when they are not ill.
Then JOHN. Make healthcare, affordable and available to everyone. Not just the rich or just SHUT YOUR MOUTH!
CBO also noted that the market will destabilize even more if states opt out
23 million more Americans uninsured? Unaffordable premiums for those 64+ or w/ pre-existing conditions? AHCA BAD! Single  payer now!
So the answer is to give a massive tax cut to the top 2%?
Be a man and take care if your own family... And I'll take care if mune
I could attack your grammar but that's just too easy
No, they will decide to gamble and force the rest of us to pay for their emergency room visits. Idiots all. Texan resident.
no insurance is "worth the price".... until you file a claim. "Some people" don't think about the future like they maybe should.
What will Trumpcare do for us @MSNBC @DFWIndivisible @AltStateDpt #indivisible @ResistanceParty @politico @nytimes
Kinda like AHCA is projected to? No coverage because they can't afford it.
This is the problem you have trying to let the market handle a system where prices are hidden, the science is hard, and people fear death.
Even WITH the penalty many don't care as we humans are bad at long-term planning. Especially the young, who will "never die".
