Tell us again how many wives Obama had, Senator.  How many bankruptcies? How many lawsuits against him personally? Let's do a full count.
How many times did he embarrass or threaten someone on a Twitter? How many times did his children take meetings with world leaders?
Let's count those! How many times did Obama leer at another leader's wife? Push other leaders out of the way so he could be in front?
Gosh, I seem to be drawing a blank.
The number would be equivalent to Trump's accomplishments as president: zero.
Girls, I'm seating by the bleechers, I don't know if you can see me but I'm the one that's clapping very hard screaming at you "Yeah!" 

Ladies, you are impressive! That is all!
Never you mind, hon.  Just do your job and remember who you work for.
That's @JohnCornyn's problem. He doesn't remember that he works for Texans and not Koch Bros.
Your attempts to deflect the numerous scandals and disasters of this SIX MONTH OLD ADMINISTRATION are embarrassing, Senator.
Desperate times, desperate measures.
It's just astounding that these grown men (and that's debatable) continue to defend this man child.  Trump is a danger to our country!
You're saying this with a picture of a dog to represent you
Yes sir I am, and you might want to consider changing yours!
And I don't think that Obama has ever been accused of slumming with Jeffery Epstein and being supplied with underage girls either.
I don't remember Trump slumming with Ayres.
You're talking about this Ayres?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Ayers_2008_presidential_election_controversy …
And he did so in 8 years, not 6 months. The pace seems accelerated in this administration.
One chief of staff change in six months...settle down!
can't you count Clark?
Thank you for that information.  I didn't know that!
In EIGHT YEARS, not SIX MONTHS.
One chief of staff change in 6 months...settle down!
And the FBI Director. And his National Security Advisor. And forced out his Spokesperson. And, and, and...Stop defending the indefensible.
And his other Communications Director...but 'no chaos in the White House'  -- who turned the clock back to 1984?
Yeah. In EIGHT years you troll.
And NEVER MENTIONED in a pejorative way... #LeftAdjectiveManipulatiion
In an 8yr span! My God, just admit it, this presidency is a joke and it's doomed!
Rahm,COS for nearly two years, left be become mayor. #2 was an interim COS for a couple of months until Bill Daley was able to get on board.
We are now all watching you John Cornyn. You lie and distort the truth non stop. You are a menace to Texas & USA.
Over 8 years. Trump has only been in office for 6 months. Your point?
You are embarrassing yourself,
You do that all the time, but Wow...
In defense of trump? #sad

#trumputin #saveACA #resist
None of which were called a schizophrenic psychotic
Only one during his second term
in 8 years not 8 months
Bahaha this is the worst comment to retweet ratio I've ever seen. Also no comparison w/Obama Admin is favorable to Trump.
Hey  rocket scientist,  The Trumpet has only been playing golf for six months.. Barry was around for  8 years. Trumpet won't make it.
You can only justly make that comparsion SHOULD the current president serve a full 8 years.
Texas deserves better.
So disingenuous.
If you can still feel shame,
Resign.
Why are you so defensive? Stop trying to take away health care from Texans.

In 8 years, not 6 months.  Man, you are digging a hole you'll never escape.
Would be impressed the way you bend over backwards to protect and enable Trump but since you have no spine, I guess not.
You are trump's boy.
in 8 years.
The fact your trying to use Obama to deflect Trump's madness is Cornyn asf! Call it for what it is: MESSY.
You: "NYT is fake news!" 
Also You: "Check out this NYT article!"
Meanwhile, Vladimir Putin owns you.
Blah blah blah blah blah blah President Obama Hillary  President Obama Hillary President Obama Hillary
In EIGHT years.
Good grief, you're embarrassing.
Carry that water, boy. Carry it!
I'm sure Breitbart and InfoWars have more articles that help push your skewed agenda.  Keep it up, Senator. 2018 is just around the corner.
@JohnCornyn isn't up again until 2020, so we have to get rid of @SenTedCruz first. But yes, Cornyn needs to go.
CornCob.. SAD! work on yer Facts..Troll! Bad!
Yeah not in six months though
Is that what you are concerned with. Let's worry about North Korea. Let's worry about healthcare. Let's worry about tax reform.
You do realize he was president for eight years and NOT six months right?
That's relevant to anything because. . . ???
Obama served for 8 years, not 6 months! Get serious.
U can't compare Obama to a racist bigot every time some situation comes up. They were referring to trump.
Why do you continue to sacrifice  your dignity by making misleading statements to support this man? What happened to you?
8yrs vs 6 months. Enjoy your next career #TheResistance votes! I've told you before to quit pissing on my boots and telling me its raining
You are not just accountable to the mercers and the Deasons, you know. You have to actually represent TX voters and hold DJT accountable.
This is the best you can do? And none of Obama's chiefs called a reporter and spewed a vulgar rant against colleagues.
Over 8 years (that's two terms).
I hope you're not trying to suggest that Trump is anything other than a reckless debutante and and embarrassment
In 8 years? That's every 2 years, not counting Pete. Trump has 2 in 6 months. That extrapolates to 16 if he makes it to 2020... #mathishard
Anthony Scaramucci can now devote his time to writing an epic tell-all paragraph about his time working at the White House.
Yes, but not under these circumstances.
Do you ever read the responses?
lol okay. Check back in eight years. Christ, you hacks will defend him through everything, won't you?
Is your stupidity painful? It looks painful.
Over the course of eight years - not 6 months.  You're defending a lunatic.
Keep trying to normalize this tomfoolery with deflection...Maybe that 35% of the US that chases their own tail might buy it...
Shortest tenure of a Chief of Staff ever. CC: @Reince. #ImpeachTrump

Mooch out as comms director per sources
In the first 6 months, 2 COSs, 2 Deputy COSs, 2 NSAs, 2 PressSecs, 2 Comms Directors. Neither Obama nor any other POTUS had such turnover.
yeah, no. go to google and look up the phrase "false equivalency." If that's your entire game plan you should quit now.
lol
Not in six months
It's amazing in the Trump era, the media thinks these changes have never happened before in any other administrations...
not in 6 months, Clark
In eight years.
Like trump isn't going to go into double digits.  Gese Louise, he's been there 6 months.
He didn't really "go through them". They resigned to run for office elsewhere or were recommended for other jobs by Obama. Hardly the same.
Go home @JohnCornyn you're drunk. We are currently at 180 days, Obama did 2,900+ days. But you already knew that lol
John, run these past a staff member, or a third grader before posting. You won't regret it.
in as many months?
I can't believe your constituents are OK with you using taxpayer funded time to be a pundit for Trump. It is pathetic.
Constituent here. I'm not okay with it.
Sir, YOU need to focus on Texas and the here and now and the chaotic disaster that is the trump admin.  DO YOUR JOB.
4 in 8 yrs.  we are on number 2 in less than a year.
Nice try...comparing 8 years to 6 months.
Tell me where the black guy touched you?
They can't keep  President Obama's name out of their ignorant mouths. His brilliance haunts them everyday. The Black man that won twice.
Half of them will be in therapy for the rest of their lives. His identity and brilliance and elegance messed up their whole paradigm.
When they see President Obama, when they look at him, and when walks into the room, they realize how mediocre and below average they really
In a way I feel sorry for them (not sorry). They've been living this lie where sociopathology and privilege masquerade as competence.
It's a hell of a drug for them.
What will it take for you and @gop to say enough is enough?
8 yrs vs 6 months. This isn't even a nice try. It's a giant .
How is your deck chair on the Titanic?
Every time Trump looks like a chump you people throw President Obama's and Hillary name around. Just tend to you own screw ups
You KNOW this is a hot mess, and you're propping it up, defending it. I can't believe what the GOP has become.
Honey that wasn't in six months. Try again.
8 years? ring a bell?  no?
Not one was for a mere 10 days and swore like a con artist. Why do you defend what's making America crazy and ashamed?
U can't be that stupid to but this out in words are you? Wait I guess you can be
Please read the replies at least before you run your big mouth on here next.
Oy, Schmuck -- that's over 8 years.
Wow, really??
Pathetic that you defend this no nothing fraudster and his administration. President Obama was pres. 4 8yrs, never had this chaos. Ur awful
4 chiefs in 8 years.  None were fired for any reason.
Trump is on pace to have 8 chiefs of staff just his first term alone.
RUSSIA
Over 8 years? How many people did he fire within 11 days. You shameless sellout.
At TRUMP's rate, 20 is conservative number
Up @realDonaldTrump ass again.
@Reince is the shortest serving Chief of staff in history. Obama's Chiefs of staff served on average 2 years, Reince only 6 mths. Sad!
Over 8yrs...
Not in 6 months, dear.
How about we revisit this tweet in about 8 or 9 months.
Why aren't you making trump sign the Russian sanctions bill, senator?
Because is he the biggest hack on Twitter and a liar
In 7 months? Just stop. You can't justify the Trump circus.
I know y'all hate to be reminded of this, but Barack Obama was President for 8 YEARS!!  Your guy...6MONTHS!!!
In eight years not 8 weeks
Reince is the shortest-serving WH chief IN HISTORY. PERIOD.
"Obama, Obama, Obama!" He's not the Prez anymore, John. I can send you a link to the story. Donnie should put on big-boy pants
Isn't it embarrassing to be this dumb?
In eight years, you apologist! #CountryBeforeParty
GWB had 3.  Over 2 terms.  What's your point, John?
In 8 years.
In 8 years. Trumps not even 8 months into his term. So your point is?
Do people really listen to you?
Why are you defending this guy? Were you also in the Don Jr meeting?
in six months?
#whataboutism
I'm so embarrassed that you continue to stand by this man.
In eight years!!!!!'
192 days and how many people has Trump gone through??? And you're comparing that to Obama. Pleeezzzzzeee!!!
5 in 8 years or 5 in 6 months?
Yeah but Obama was President for 8 years.  Not six months like this albatross.
Not even in the same league. Do you do any research whatsoever? See what became of the Obama's Chiefs. Pathetic, John.
IN EIGHT YEARS
@JohnCornyn
Being an ass is not a good look for a senator.
And it took @BarackObama 8 YEARS to do that!
Now how many months for #tRump?
Dude....you're purposely being this dense right? There can be no other explanation. Texas deserves better than you. #goaway
Over how long?  Oh, yeah.  8 years.
Are you drunk?
Give us a break Donald the Sad Clown has only occupied the office for six months. Feels like years, true, but it's months.
You are an utter embarrassment to Texas...every damn day!
WITHIN 8 YEARS, TRICK
Um, this uber-hot take doesn't take into account that President Obama was in office for eight years. Not six months.
In eight years. Two of them left to become a) Mayor of Chicago and b) Secretary of the Treasury.
How many of them lasted only 10 days? #FalseEquivalence
4 Chiefs in 8 years = average of 2 years for each one. 

how long did reince last again?
You inept clown! Comparing 8 years to 6 months! Go back to protecting mitch's left cheek. @SenateGOP
Spanky, you can't create similarities out of the air. Facts don't work that way.

BTW you forgot to to add "Hussein"..
I think you need to read this and then get to work: http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/07/31/my-party-is-in-denial-about-donald-trump-215442 …
Remind me - how long was Obama president? How long has Trump been president?
why do you continue to so adamantly defend this ridiculous clown-car administration?  when will GOP stop trump from his destruction?
Sen. Cornyn - Please start acting in the interest of your constituents, rather than defending this corrupt administration. Thanks, Texas
Not the same thing - AT ALL!  You are losing credibility with every tweet.  And I can't imagine you have any self-respect left.  #nov2018bye
And your point? I don't remember him replacing one with a Wall Streeter that knew zero about being CoS.

"But Obama".
How many Communications Directors did Obama have?

Yeah, in 8 years, not 6 months.
So what? He had 8 years to do it. #trump simply doesn't know how to hire people to run a government. Now he needs generals to step in.
Over 8 years.
5 in 8 years... President Trump on pace for 8+ in 8 years
No, 16 in 8 years, but he won't be there that long.
Over eight years, dipshit.
Oh John. Bless your heart. You just don't think these things through before you type them, do you?
Senator, you really, REALLY have to let your obsession w/Obama go. Fix the current mess, that's what we (not Trump) are paying you for.
No way in hell can you compare Obama to trump and you know it ..
Um...in 7 months????
Oh, John. Context, John, context. Over what period of time? It's like the golf thing. Comparative numbers. Oh, John. So sad. So shameful.
In 6 months?
So
Looking at your replies and I see I don't need to reply. 
Yeah we know you are the least racists person you know.
this is your idea of a defense? Now defend his silence about Putin expelling American diplomats.
He was in office 8 years!  Trump in office what 200 days with one scandal after another, drama every day, lies every day, staff changes...
In 8 years the GOP  is pathetic I can't wait until the 40+ congressional and Senate get arrested with trump.

In 8 years. Not in 8 days.
In 8 years not weeks
Six months, u dumshit
This guy was out in less than a week
Oh Cornyn, another reference to Obama? Will you ever get over him? He's moved on and you should too! Have Pence pray it away for you!
