As a reluctant constituent, I have to ask, sir: are you f'ing morally challenged, or compromised in some way? You seem to wish to convey
both at the same time. I hope you are neither, and, are, instead really a yokel we sent to D.C. to get you out of the state. Sadly, I
think you are morally and ethically challenged, and, am beginning to suspect that you have some nice kompromat in your ledger. It will be a
pleasure to vote against the lizard in a skin suit (Hi, @TedCruz!) in 2018, and against you in 2020. May you lessen the amount of shame you
bring to our state with your every word and deed. Act as a mature human, U.S. Senator, and a Texan ought to act, without the need for my
reminding you of these truths. Hugs and kisses, Jay
Asked if he was fired over the Russia investigation Comey says,

"Yes, I heard Trump say it on television himself."
Comey: "Investigation into that matter appears to be done. Good work everybody.  Lets get back to those emails"
You talked about Hillary's emails again, seriously? As embarrassing as McCain
You appear to care more about your party than Russia's interference in US republic/democracy.
Texans know the false Trump-Russian story was created to distract from DNC Voter Fraud coverup & DCCC leak by Russian owned Crowdstrike.
Sorry, Terry, but THIS Texan believes facts, such as we are discovering about 
Trump's campaign and Russia.  Facts over party!
What facts?
So far, the facts about Flynn and Manafort, more to come.  Doesn't their collusion with Russia bother you?

Ok, Comey was there and a lot of other people and media. And what did you ask about? Hillary. Weak. Really weak.
seems like you had some issues today with your words. Drank too much Trump kool-aid?
1,245 days till you are voted out of office, unless you are recalled-but then Abbott would likely appoint someone worse than you
We saw you sir. We saw you try to protect the . You will be up for reelection and we will remember your egregious behavior #Resist
Is Senate coverup because they fear being blackmailed by Russian owned & DNC tech company Crowdstrike?
Senator, please. 
Great Job JC.
I am so ashamed of you.
Senator @JohnCornyn, that was some really poor Q&A today. Every lawyer in Houston knows you're much more skilled than that.
Without sounding redundant why does every Rep from Tx sounds as if they fell off the turnip truck? Dementia?
Can u please focus on the issue Russia! Why coney was fired?
Thank you Mr. Comey for telling the truth, we have a criminal in the Oval office and traitors defending him.
What, did you forget your selfie stick?
You're an empty suit & an oxygen thief
Can someone explain the gushing thanks for Comey's service? He wasn't in combat - the most he had to lose was his job!! Just like everyone
If anyone doubted your loyalties before, after your pathetic, impertinent round of questions, there is no doubt! COMPLICIT!
DT Defenders: the President has legal authority to command the armed forces, ordering the army to kill political opponents can’t be murder.
So it's ok to ask for an independent investigator over emails w/Sec. Clinton, but not over collusion w/POTUS? Definition of hypocrite=Cornyn
Trump defenders prove that the beating heart of the conservative is that of a lickspittle.
Lordy
U r destroying your reputation and any legacy you may have left on Trump's shrine. Sad!!
You betray all Americans by defending a grossly dangerous and incompetent @POTUS rather than doing what's right. #traitor @Indivisible_TX
you and McCain really whiffed it today.
Thanks for being sure to ask about Hillary's emails again! Gotta focus on what's important. 
How do you think this is an appropriate post?
Anyone who supports the dangerous, treasonous administration of D Trump deserves to be voted out of office at the earliest opportunity.
Amazing how we heard different things ...
Open your eyes. Your questioning at today's hearing was embarrassing. HRC is irrelevant now. It's over.
WTG made #Comey admit where his loyalty lies and how he got a Senate Special Committee Hearing Good Job
If you spent as much time preparing question as you do tweeting, you might not have embarrassed yourself in the hearing today.
Living up to his name #CornynTheCoward!
Once again you put party over country.

Dude! We all know Hillary is evil slime scum. But, how does that excuse the Treasonous President from prosecution for obstruct justice?
You embarrassed the great state I call home today. Country before party or go home. #PartisanHack
Tell me, Senator, Did Trump ask for your loyalty at any time? America deserves to know!
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Look forward to your criminal investigation into trump NOW! #DOYOURJOB #work4TEXANS
Called your office & left extensive comment on #IndependentCommission based on Comey testimony & anger re timing of AHCA w/o transparency.
You think we are so dumb that we didnt see that your question for Comey was all about Hillary that is over, We want to know about Trump crap
I wasn't listening 2 closely 2 hearing, but could hear u..still talking..more talking..+talking. I think "Damn, is he ever going to ask a ?"
Hey look, it's you wasting everyone's time.
But her emails??? WTF???
#Killary sells 1/5 US uranium production to #Russia while SOS and no outrage from left? There's your #Russia collusion
Why did you waste time on an investigation of Russian hacking & potential obstruction of justice to regurgitate Hillary's e-mails?
Should have questioned #Comey on Awan bros #DNC spying within Congress, they r the hackers, not #Russia
Rolls eyes. Your questioning made about as much sense as McCain's. Lol
Thank you for bringing up important issues like HRC's emails. Hopefully next hearing we can get to the bottom of the teapot dome scandal
Trying to divert attention from the truth....good job, johnny!
We "hope" you act in the interest of the American people. Otherwise we will fire you.
#Russia = Big Nothing Burger. Distraction from #truth of #SethRich investigation. Checkout George Webb YouTube channel
Your best contribution - pics. Your obsession with HRC is embarrassing. Stay focused. This is serious. A foreign adversary is interfering.
Your line of questioning today... unbelievable. Even if I disagree with you, I expect you to ask relevant & important questions.
Texans expected more from you of your questioning Director Comey. You embarrassed us by focusing on an issue that had zero relevance. 
WTF is wrong with you??? What does Clinton have to do with anything??? Shameful
We are so ashamed of you. I cannot believe you will not move on from your hatred of Clinton and focus on the THREAT to our democracy! Shame!
Traitor john
You're embarrassing all Texans today with your partisan hackery, @JohnCornyn . You are putting your corrupt party over our country!
You were like an American tourist. Taking pictures, not really knowing what is going on, and talking about the wrong things.
Great analogy @SciFyter
Ignorance is not a defense so RNC talking points are ridiculous. You made a fool of yourself and of TX. Shame on you. #CountryOverParty
Country must ALWAYS supersede party. I look forward to your #townhall for further discussion. #sugarland #voter
You're a traitor. Tick tock, your time is up. #Castro2020
Senator, u should be ashamed of yourself and your performance today.
When your boss, parent or teacher uses the word "hope" everyone knows its a kinder way to suggest they want change.  #NotRocketScience
James Comey represents the country that many have died to defend. I'm not quite sure, Senator, who or what you represent.
Poor Big John. Stuck in e-mail mud. Sad excuse of a Senator. This is about democracy, John. Look at the big picture.
Way to go John, embarrassed Texas again. Do you not care that our democracy was attacked?
Yes quite a load of BS so far!!
That was cool watching you embarrass yourself on live television. Do it again sometime please
No doubt he will!
We get it. Still party over country. Why isn't @GOP outraged/ willing  to challenge Trump? Reps would still be in power?
Plain ordinary day asking about HRC's emails, John? Perhaps we can get some questions about Russia lined up by 2020.
Thanks for 7 more minutes of embarrassing Texas on the national stage. #ComeyDay
I'll say it. You, John Cornyn, are a traitor.
I will second that!
He's just trying to get a piece of the Russian Kleptocrat pie!
Marc Kasowitz summed things up ... made it clear what things said at the Comey hearing are significant and relevant. #MAGA
Thx for showing Comey isn't partisan w/the rabbit trail re Lynch. Oh, and results not needed for obstruction of justice to have occurred.
Such a shame you were on your tired old "but her emails" tack. I'm embarrassed that national security isn't more important to you.
Remember @JohnCornyn forever tied to @realDonaldTrump a Russian puppet
STOP IT. DONALD TRUMP DID NOT FIRE MR. COMEY BECAUSE HE WANTED RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION STOPPED. HE FIRED COMEY BECAUSE HE WOULD NOT STOP IT.
I'm not up on committee etiquette. Do you sit so far from the center to make it easier to leave?
More embarrassment from the senator from Texas...an embarrassment to Texas and Texans...
Republican party line:  Jim Comey should have taught Trump how to not obstruct justice.  Is that really the stand you want to take?
LEAKSWHAT about LEGALLY BINDING nondisclosure & property rights agreement you sign when you are an employee of the United States & FBI
cool pix john
#cowardlyComey is a political hack. Put him on the hot seat @JohnCornyn
Shouldn't the special counsel be shut down since Comey leaked classified information in order to get a special counsel in play?
He didn't leak classified info. He released a memo of his own that he had carefully kept UNCLASSIFIED.
