@JohnCornyn act decently & vote NO on the shitburger you have proposed! It is HORRIBLE for your constituents. #STOPTrumpCare
The House did their job??!! You can always be counted on for comedy relief.
#ACA designed Death Spiral for single payer... Get Gov out of All Americans Healthcare #WeThePeople want #RepealAndReplace and #BetterCare
Vote it down! Insurance industry decries it as unworkable. Back to drawing board. Write one that works!
It's like you don't even live in this country. Don't you recognize people's health challenges? Oh, it's just another GOP vote for you!
Time to throw out this horrible bill and put forward a bipartisan bill that will provide for all Americans!
Nobody need Better Care except McConnell.


@JohnCornyn of course, uses state propaganda arm as his source! No CBO score on CRUZ amendment, NO VOTE! #STOPTrumpCare
Please explain how BCRA will provide #BetterCare. Feel free to use projections on numbers insured, deductibles and premiums. These matter.
We need full repeal!Bill is still unsustainable and Its failing because it's socialized HC. Fight for us please ! If not, Godhelp us in 2020
Graham plan, state oversite decentralization of healthcare will prevent single payer and allows states to respond to its citizens.
Can someone explain how this will make care either better or more cost effective.
I called Sen. Cornyn's office to ask that. No one could answer.
What you are proposing will never pass, I hope. If you pass your bill you are hurting so many people. That's really sad
Hey, how come exemption for Senate to KEEP those Obamacare protections in their plans? But not good enough for the rest of us?
You all had seven years to find a way to repeal and replace the bill no one wanted. Get it done
Senator you and the @GOP legacy will be the number of needless lives lost as a result of your need to give a tax break to yourself
@JohnCornyn Still givg B$ to wealthet.Cutng Medicaid,no protection for pre-existing, 20m ppl no healhcare.Disgusted in Cornyn
Great. So wait for the CBO score for the amended bill (INCLUDING the Cruz amendment, you snake), and have a couple hearings on it.

Universal coverage, lower costs, less insurance company chicanery.
@JohnCornyn Shame on you. You are turning your back on the elderly, the sick, and the poor. Whatever you do to the least of .
GOP consists of a bunch of traitors. Don't give a damn about the people.
If they want better care, dump this travesty of a bill. Oh, look who doesn't want "better coverage". Hmm, wonder why
Unfortunately all you offer is #trumpcare.  A tax break for the wealthy that will cost thousands of lives.
If the healthcare plan is so good why did the GOP senate exempt there selfs and make sure tax payers have to pay for the best for them
No not want to better care so fake
America does need better care; the single payer, expanded/improved Medicare for All kind. @JohnCornyn let's see if you're really 'pro-life'
NOT.FROM.THIS.BILL. & didn't y'all exempt yourselves from this? Yeah, that's the spirit party first then people. #NOTBETTERCARE #RESIST.
repubs only care about what they promised...repeal & replace. doesn't matter how it impacts their constituents, far right want the tax cut,
& Medicare slaughter & moderates want to leave a little bit of something just to make themselves look like they care. FIX ACA!
Oh and it's not a repeal...so why not go bipartisan & fix ACA. if they don't work together we'll b back @ this when parties change again.
NO - 
1. New Taxes

YES -
1. Repeal Obamacare
@JohnCornyn...sad that u make the statement to deal w healthcare & move on. we see how important your constituents r.
Ms @GOPChairwoman - American's are losing faith w/@SenateGOP Becoming apparent (R) don't know why Trump won, just like (D); Fedup.
I'm glad it's a "better bill."  That means Congress will not be exempt?  When Cong had same insurance I'll know it's better. Until then, meh
You're so proud of this bill that you hosted a town hall meeting! 69% + American ppl against this bill! Shame on both of you! #Trumpcare

@JohnCornyn So u want 2 reduce access, coverage, & jack premiums 4 those who need it while giving the rich $? Nice priorities
You're pro-life, and you want to stop abortions, and yet you defund Medicaid-which provides care to young children with severe disabilities!
@JohnCornyn America is not going to get better care with the dumpster fire that the Senate proposed. That's the truth.
Do their job. AHCA is a bad bill BCHA is a bad bill. You aren't fixing the problem! It's not about making crappy insurance more affordable!
Well here's a plan that would work...throw out the GOP plans, they are mean anyway, and ask a Democrat how to make ObamaCare better!
"Everybody will be covered"
"I will not cut Medicaid"
"Pre-existing conditions will be covered"
- Donald @POTUS
It doesn't need your plan @JohnCornyn
Fake @FoxNews @RepMarkMeadows #FakeRep https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/7/13/15966034/senate-republicans-exemption …
@JohnCornyn It's so good you'd like to be exempt huh?
The swamp very much should be drained
The House did NOTHING but sell out the American people. Now the Senate is poised to do the same. NO TRUMPDEATHCARE! NO to GOP
Wait til that CBO score hits. U've hurt people on Medicaid, people w/pre-existing conditions etc while exempting urselves from the plan.
So, you realize this would drive up costs for your base, right?
You can read the house Bill and the proposed Senate bill. If you think health care will get better under either version you're delusional.
Please explain what is 'better' about it.  Is it affordable for all Texans?  Even with pre-existing conditions?
Then work on a better plan. Your bill will  mean 23 MILLION FEWER Americans with coverage in less than 10 years. #BCRA is a disaster. 
Better care??? & your bill does nothing to control costs & cuts Medicaid by $700B while giving the wealthy a tax cut:https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/13/opinion/trumpcare-mitch-mcconnell-taxes.html …
Different does not always better, try just fixing the troubled parts of ACA, it will pass no problem, or are you afraid that it will pass?
America needs the government to get it's hands out of the healthcare system.  The root of the problems is governmental meddling.
NO!!! You need to impeach the traitors in the WH! #TexanWhoVotes @JohnCornyn @tedcruz
Whatever. Hope it fails like a led balloon. Would match your career as our TX Senator. Jackass. #worstsenatorinusa.
*lead*
Damn this. Repeal the damn law and institute free market for CHEAPER prices. Govt will never provide that. And look at Charlie Gard damn

You know what you are talking about is you want a bunch of Charlie Gards. Read behind the talking points S payer is killing already
we don't have single payer, and Charlie Gard's story did not have to do with ability to pay. Do your research. http://www.npr.org/2017/07/04/535530470/understanding-the-case-of-charlie-gard …
oh, and while you are at it, explain to me why the free market would be cheaper.
Americans do deserve better healthcare, but based on this bill your not willing to give it to them. #BetterCare #Healthcare
The bill y'all are trying to pass in the Senate has nothing whatsoever to do with "care"...
It's a tax break for billionaires and an end run on Medicaid.  Shame on you for harming our most vulnerable citizens in favor of the rich.
Funny, not a single one of these professional medical groups concurs.
1. Patient advocates + clinical groups are again condemning the Senate healthcare bill.

The American Hospital Association: "Unacceptable." 
Toast your success with the blood of a child with a pre-existing condition
gross
When more than 80% of Americans and every organization in health care are against this bill, it is time to say NO!
When even the people who made this bill know it's so bad they added exemptions for themselves to have better healthcare, just say NO!
Women won't get contraception nor prenatal care! This bill is not pro-life! People will die from not affording healthcare. Just say no
Men will get government funded viagra and other treatments, & women are ignored. Just say NO to this misogyny & horrible #WealthCare bill!
Neither did their job. They are useless. Let them just repeal it. Our RINOs have no backbone just jawbone. Totally useless
The bottom line is the Republican Party is loaded with spineless cowards like their idiot Democrat counterparts only care about re election
Kewl, Are you a Russian Spy too?  I knew Trump would be all over you when you stepped in it.
Didn't the cowards in the House vote to repeal Obamacare 50 some odd times when Barry was POTUS and they KNEW he would veto it? Gutless
It is!!! We need to clean out a few RINOS to get anything really good happening.
20 MILLION PEOPLE LOSING THEIR HEALTHCARE BECAUSE OF GOP

I'D BE AFRAID TO SHOW MY FACE IN PUBLIC
Hey, my dad brought Romneycare to MA, but fuck the rest of you!
https://www.axios.com/unpopular-health-care-bill-2454397857.html …

People don't like this bill because they see through your nonsense and your fake fixes. Undemocratic and unjust.
If Obamacare taxes are not repealed we will repeal republicans at the voting booth
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
When is Collins going to switch parties
Better hope never; without her the R party has 0 redeeming value. We should have more Rs like @SenSusanCollins who actually give a shit
We the people do not want the ahca. When the rich guy Warren Buffet says it's a tax cut for the rich I believe him.
What do Senators think they are doing? We sent them to DC to repeal and replace. Ask yourself why Dem town hall never have ObamaCare protest
Golly gee U sure seem excited about tax breaks U & your family & friends will be getting once working class, poor & disabled lose Healthcare
No, the time is NOT now - your bill sucks & the American people are rejecting it in droves.  Current support is under 17%. Reboot & restart
Who are the three senate guys always surrounding McConnell ?! What is this, his bod squad or secret service ?
fellow numbskulls...
Yes and it is a shame that the Republican party is forcing this horrible piece of legislation down people's throat.
No sweetie. That the Dems did all by themselves. When it collapses, Dems will want everybody to be responsible. What then? All bad.
