..The aire turned U DOWN! IS THIS WHY U HATE MUSLIMS?? THEY WOULDN'T LOAN U $? WOW! DESPERATE MEASURES HUH?..
There are no tablets and I can not enter the internete,
And at the same time no MONY...
You understand what I say ???
another swamp monster
Bravo president. Embargo cuba lifting
I will congratulate you when you resign, or are arrested for treason. .
Congratulations to YOU, Comrade @realDonaldTrump , for deflecting & staying out of jail this long!

Taxes.
Keep looking at those bright Russia keys the dems are showing you while we take our country back. #MAGA
Who are you taking the country back from?
Bisexual progressives intent on Twitter shame/fight/argument/ POTUS trolls and others to great to list in limited space.
Nah, Civil War rejects and backward, redneck morons who only the Army will take because someone has to be on KP duty? Keeping your hands off
So many negative people on here very sad. Great job P Trump.
Don't you mean PEE TRUMP?
No I mean GREAT President Trump.
It took you over a month to come up with that?
..AZ HATES THE TRUMPO'S! 
Wow that took a long time finally. Congrats to you Sonny. God bless America.
Did u see Sonny's speech to USDA this morning? RFD-TV aired it. Down-to-earth guy. Gonna be a good Secy of Ag.
GREAT
Thank for everything you are doing Mr President. My wife & I keep you in our prayers
Blessings to the military.  They are our heroes...  The deserve the best.
Release your tax returns con man
Hilarious is when you assume what you know nothing about...
I thought you would like it. Since your so good at it
No congratulations for you on releasing your tax returns!
Trump won Hillary got rekt hahahaha
That isn't how it works you thick skulled Trump supporter
Congratulations to our new Agriculture Sec. Sonny Perdue!
Not enthused by another crony who rewards corporations and the rich #ArticlesOfImpeachment
Quit Fucking poisoning us!! What you people do is treasonous!! It will not stand.
TRUMPO & Melanoma WE saw U guys in AZ trying to borrow monies from the aire of from HOTEL! LEFT ENORMOUS BILL!.
CONGRADULATIONS TO COMEY..THE PEOPLE BEHIND COMEY JUST DUMPED TRUMPO LOK SAD FOR THE EX PRESIDENT TRUMPO
"Woo hoo! All of our food is about to go rotten & we're all gonna get real sick but thankfully, #Trumpcare will save the day!"
"I only drink from the flowing golden showers provided by my dearest Mother Russia...well, as long as Daddy Putin says it's ok."
"Yes, I was there licking Putin's ass while he took the pictures!"
"I prefer 2 b splattered w/the golden syrup but since you're in2 that stuff then do your duty & open up 4 your comrades, comrade."
get ready for Dems class Warfare, claiming any Republican  tax cut is 4 the rich!
Libs  = the BiPolar Party
Offensive. I am bi-polar and my condition has nothing to do with my choice for president. I fight hard to deal with this everyday and it 1/1
the dem party is offensive!
lol NEWS ALERT! TRUMPO ATTY FILES COMPLAINT WH WILL NOT STAND! FILE AS MUCH, THEIR NOT GETTING NO WHERE! LOL 
he did say bomb the shit out of isis. im not sure what your driving at. have you been stoned the past year? get a job.
i didnt say that. you can be either and be high. you sound high right now. and racist. #blacklivematter
You just keep doing what you're doing Mr. President!  Their Jealousy and hatred will turn to mush soon...:)
i sure am glad i left that @DNC party before they became known for being jerks. bunch of jerks.
Lemme guess, this guy wants to poison our food?
Great!  Please please replace Comey!! He's in "their" pocket and can never be someone you can trust. FBI is important!  It's the swamp
It's time to focus your energy on this healthcare bill & the budget both are a win win for Dems & your voters are getting slaughtered.
confirm my dick to Ivanka
TERRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRENDOUS PICK #BigAG #BigAgWelfare #Monsanto #RoundUp #glyphosate #CANCER #MonoCulture #SpecialInterests #EpicFail

paul ryan(the cancer) is killing your PRESIDENCY frm the core. U 
R smarter than this. AWAKEN YOUR BRAIN(please)
Eric and Donny will shoot and kill all the livestock...make USDA Sec. job much easier.
#Food Safety and #Food Security against #Warfare and #Espinoage.
Should this have been done before day 100 or would that have interrupted your golf schedule? Lazy little handed Neanderthal!
yea!
Medicare for all!
@SecretarySonny is 2nd worst twitter handle of a politician . Winner is still @jasoninthehouse
Awesome
USDA FUNNELS GRANT MONEY TO political cronies... C'mon! USDA IN CHARGE OF SOLAR POWER GRANTS... Swampers...
Gee you still have over 450  positions you have not filled. Maybe you need to stay in DC  instead of FLA
#noflyzone4rojava
Publish ur taxes
Go trump
Keep your returns private. I don't want to know how much $$$ u made.
#ナゲッツ親子
Morning my President. Stand firm with McMaster and Cohn, and Cohn may be smart but he's a globalist. McMaster is trying to take over
Congratulations!
Trump Stesdf,o abre e Wirth hou!
Let me guess... he hates agriculture and thinks it's a hoax.
.
Congratulations on being the newest member of the us government aka British military corporation.
@JohnCornyn Won't listen to his constituents.  Action Plan for Texas:  http://cornynstakeout.com  #TrumpRussia #CornynStakeout #TheResistance
What horrible things will he do to our country?
Yep, tagged his own tweet like we didn't know who wrote it. Genius at work here, people.
Aren't you eliminating the USDA TOO??? Y not? You're slashing the crap out of everything else!
WHO IN THE HELL ARE YOU BULL-SHITTING?  THE ALT-RIGHT NUTS YOU RUN WITH WILL CASTRATE YOU, BOY!
There goes food safety
Everyone buy stock in @JNJInnovation, the makers of Imodium.
TRAITOR..... pos
Got to fill those 100 judge seats. ASAP
I love all this winning, and this is only the beginning. Thank you Mr. @POTUS we will never abandon you, we are the Deplorable Trump Army.
SHOW US YOUR TAXES DJT!!!!!!
Populist
We Americans love @realdonaldtrump  Everyday is Christmas and it keeps getting better. You see we have liberty in our #DNA Liberals do not
@drjanetta @SecretarySonny @USDA So, whaddya gonna do about MONSANTO now?? That's what matters
Stop congrats start nom the next 500 slots Can't find enough billionaires?
Congratulations !  No one is interested in your tax records, just keep up the work to Make America Great Again !
What us this latest evil you have inflicted up us? 

#YouJustDoNotGetIt
Wow! You finally got paperwork to the Senate so they could process a nomination. Wonder of wonders.
Today events same. Degree verification  birthcertfact new administrative Law. Piss&prints biometrics u see fair in those that adv EDU©
hh
This too shall pass.
Great Evening Your Honorable Mr. President Donald J. Trump
President Barack Obama showed his birth certificate and his tax returns 
Trump is hiding something what are affreid of Trump show your taxes
Congrats on finally hiring someone w actual experience doing the job you appointed them to do!
Just seen you on CNN. You are delusional
You live in an alternate universe too! Smh...@CNN
Donald Trump We wish another blow to Syria. On Hama airport.
Let's hope he's better than Viksack!
congratulations
#FloodtheSwamp
Got anymore positions that need filling? Give me a call.
congratulation for secetary sonny
ABOUT TIME! #DEMOBSTRUCTION
Keep your head down Mr President and pay no attention to the media. We are with you sir! Great job so far.
Can't wait for the deregulation of the pharmaceutical industry. We're going to be the most expensive ill people of the planet soon
I rejoice in the Lord God, my Savior Jesus Christ...
And I PraiseTheLord for our
wonderful President Trump.
God bless our President! Amen.
Finally!!!!
He's going to allow meat packers to use rat meat for boneless chicken wings because rat meat tastes like chicken.
You want to drain the swamp but you're not. Are u care is making money and ur big wigs too.
Who give's a FUCK. No one cares.
Bag o dicks!! Suck em
Bout time break up 9th circuit
And we thank God for him.
The voices you hear while reading  are not mine their yours alone
Get paul ryan and boehner buddies out of your white house @POTUS
President trump you need to fire the speaker of the house he is a trader and is out to destroy the trump administration
well I hope he can start by getting rid of all GMO products and chlorinated water! I know the FDA is  corrupt
#VoteThemOut if they don't get working with OUR @POTUS God Bless you President Trump 
You've accomplished SO much in your #trump100days Despite the soon 2 be looking for another job #Establishment #Progressives #TermLimits
President announces the latest version of tax cuts for rich people tomorrow Discussing it with @donlemon on @CNNWhat about the MIDDLE Class?
mr. trump's #muslimban(s)- no
mr. trump's #Trumpcare  - no
mr, trump's #sanctuarycities - no 
mr. trump's #wall - no
100 days
unraveled
You made a great choice picking @SecretarySonny as new @USDA Secretary @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #TeamTrump #MakeFarmsGreatAgain #MAGA
Agri/chem business needs changes. They're killing the world with pesticides, herbicides and GMOs. Succeed with changes. Save LIFE on earth.
I wish something would happen to all those democrats.  They should be arrested for breaking federal laws. It is like the republican party
Failure first 100 days. #NeverTrump
If its as wondermuss as the cake we should see Monsanto and Bayer out of the country within a year. Like FRNC SWISS IND ITLYMONOGMO-BEEF EP
You are the fake news media
Secretary Sonny? When will he get his grown up name? SAD
Holy cow so many Old Men that could care less about regular people.Old men already ruined our country.
Filling up your Seamp
Congratulations.  You're a proven clown.
Thank you for your leadership President Trump!
#voicesavemark
