CNN producer didn't attack him via Twitter, didn't plant fake stories in Natl Inquirer & didn't try to blackmail his former friends, so...
But your silence on his abuse of power and misogyny are duly noted. 
Amen. Texas women will remember your #priorities.
Amen, women can prioritise and therefore maybe one day become mothers
Stop.  A free and independent press is critical to a democracy. One day we will thank them for saving u om this dumb Nixon of a pres.
Do your job. You work for the people of our great state - not the GOP or Trump, Inc.
What's wrong with that?  A lot of voters who still think T was a good choice may be S.
Strange priorities
Are... are you seriously promoting Project Veritas?

No. No, no, nooooo, honey.
That's what he's doing!
Heard that Trump used the video at the fundraiser in DC...that's why the media wasn't allowed in
EWWWWW!!!!
Trump is crazy. You are to endorsing a disgusting human being. Shame on you.
He's indefensible at this point, you have to know that.
And where are you on our president's ridiculous GIF he posted regarding CNN? I'm sure you fully support. #Complicit
Well they are. And he is.

I am a Conservative that agrees
^ this is what voting against your best interests looks like. So swampy!
Please do not denigrate your esteemed office acting like POTUS.  It does not become you and your position.
Trump is crazy,narcissistic,he pathalogical liar-Delusion,no self control,Dangerous by discredit US instit.FBI,Judicial Press
True statements
He meant. Republican voter's
Wow. U.S.Senator helps Trump fan the flames. Missed your comments re Trump using office to attack...everyone. Nice job of promoting civility
Voting against one's best interest implies form of ignorance. We all know Trump is brain addled thanks tweets! But he's a nice puppet 4 you.
Yes. True. And? I thought wanted people to be less PC. Deal with it.

This is really infuriating. Especially when u'v served in military and u know the threat Russia is to our great nation.no respect 4military
Both accurate. John Cornyn is a fraud. #Russiapublicans
Just like the crazy Trump voters everybody has the right to their own opinions. And he's mostly right, GOP voters are stupid
When a person don't have a pot to piss in, but keep voting for tax cuts for the wealthy, their brain is shot out and they shldn't b voting
Ruining American's credibility throughout world.Ruining relationships with allies.Making decisions based on $ it makes for him.

Study: Attacks linked to Muslims receive 449% more media coverage than those by non-Muslims. http://on.msnbc.com/2swBNbO  #ThePoint 
Trump is both stupid & crazy and if voters continue to support & vote for him in 2020, they can be called stupid & crazy too!
When @realDonaldTrump is removed from office, we can never forget how long and hard @JohnCornyn fought for his corrupt administration.
#truth
The majority don't disagree.
You're crazy to follow Trump around like a sad little puppy, John.
You're a Senator...and you believe a video...made by a conspiracy theorist...without verification -
No wonder this country is in the toilet
Also reported to have claimed "Sky is blue" and "water is wet".
And this is wrong how?
Trump's mental status is certainly questionable, at least in the real not FoxNews® world. Breitbart's low standard:stable.

Texans won't forget this "willful" ignorance or deflection. 45 is a failure and you're right up there with him. #SHAME
Can't wait to vote you out. I'd ask if you support voter suppression, but I know the answer is yes. So, hands OFF my healthcare and my vote.
Fed up!!!time to lock up super villain Hillary Clinton and then maybe her minions will shut it! 
I'm no one's minion kitty cat 
Did anyone point the finger at you? Unless you think her lies and 4 dead Americans is just a speed bump!
Anyone that buys Trump's rhetoric is stupid. He's been a serial liar his entire life. Learn his REAL history.
Drumpf voters r especially stupid; #CrookedLyingDonald is definitely insane; & his enablers and early supporters like Cornhole r treasonous
Time to do some digging...what does the Kremlin have on Cornyn...#hmmm....#Justice...#NoPutin ....#NoTrump
Instead of believing o'keefe's lies, do your job! Vote against tRumpdontcare! Work to make the ACA better! Stop GOP voter suppression!
No mention of Americans killed today by gunfire or Vets sacrifices on 7/4, u ATTACK Freedom of the Press on behalf of Moscow. #CornynCoward
john, you do know that o'keefe is a discredited, documented liar and that his videos are heavily edited, right? You're stupid to believe him
Remember July 4th, 2017 when Cornyn and Putin mocked CNN and the US freedom of press? Why is Cornyn selling out America to the Kremlin? #hmm
Yea what kind of lowlife would say a thing like that
Both of those things are true & Cornyn voters are also stupid if they think you aren't helping Putin. #NoNazis #USA #USA
It's ok to pussy grab, walk-in on naked girls, insult women but we can't tell the truth about your base! #hypocrites #trumpvotersRstupid
U do know,Senator, that O'Keefe has been indicted/convicted of manipulating video to fit his biased narrative, right? #dontperpetuatelies
Wow ....going to go the hate the media route....seriously
lolwtf, you fell for an O'Keefe video? Aren't you supposed to be the smartest GOPeon in the Senate?

C'mere...I got a bridge for sale...
Stop with Veritas. Let's talk about what You stand for with POTUS, health care, his tweets, misogyny, firing Comey over Russia, Etc... Sad!
that producer is correct.
U are a complicit buffoon!
You as a sitting Congressman are pushing a #fraudster? What a disgrace!
Trump said if he ran for President he'd run as a Republican because Republican voters are stupid. Don't complain when others say the same.
DT supporters are not stupid but but I do not understand their support.  DT is crazy and you're not standing up for us.
Point taken.
True and true
If you think turning over your private voting data to this corrupt administration is a problem call the TX Sec of State now! 512-463-5770
I agree with both CNN statements!!
So is fine for the president/GOP candidate to call for violence & insult ppl but this, this is just to far for you? Got it.
Well, he's not wrong...
Tx women will remember, John, if u dont stand up for us over party & power.
Trump IS crazy! How can u not stand up 2 a guy who publicly attacks American citizens (journalists r citizens). BE FOR US John - NOT party!
Your point?
@JohnCornyn promotes convicted criminal @JamesOKeefeIII ? WTF, John?
@JohnCornyn is now promoting  @JamesOKeefeIII? Nice company you keep:
Trump voters voted 4 Trump became he said he'd make Healthcare Affordable for all. That's not #Trumpcare at all. #MAGA
You are defending the indefensible, John. Grow some freaking morals like Linsday Graham.
It's the truth.  Trump voters are nuts and Trump is unhinged and u fit
American media is broken and needs comprehensive reform.
What is wrong with you? YOU ARE A SENATOR. Your tweets have become Trumpian. It is humiliating for your constituents to read your feed.
We love My President Trump a TRUE GRIT President
And what does that say about you John?  Hmmm?
He said himself he would run as an R because the Rs are stupid. But that was only on video which I am sure was FAKE NEWS. Hypocrites.
MSM-who listens to that bunch for anything newsworthy. They only incite hate
Yep. This shit show we are being drug through tries even the best attempts at professionalism.
He's tight
Jeez, your feelings seem pretty hurt, Corny. Buck up, snowflake! Words can't hurt ya!!
Thanks for sharing that. We always knew anyone who gave credence to O'Keefe was misled. Are you defending O'Keefe's editing skills?
O'Keefe. Corbyn, you know better.
Take a page from Susan Collins, not Trump, when it comes to the media.
That's because they are. And also because he is.
History will not be kind to cowards who put party before country.  Nor will voters. #2020cornynout
But pls ignore your king's blackmail scheme and continued attacks on women.
Do you accept rubles now? You know that's propaganda and don't care!
So what you're saying is that O'Keefe didn't have to edit this one to make it seem like someone said something outrageous
He's not wrong!
Yup, Trump is crazy & voters are stupid. We voted for you, Trump, & Ryan. Won't make the same mistake next time. Your silence is deafening
we didn't elect the CNN producer to be president. Why not pick the lowest common denominator in society, hold Trump to that standard
Gasp! Calling a spade a spade isn't offensive. Hit with a shovel is a bit harsh, but she does look like her sold her soul and exhausted
Sounds about right
You've got to go.  Surely, we can find someone who cares about us in all of TX.  Believe me, we will be looking.
He is ridiculous and soooo beneath what we should expect as our President!
Well, Trump is undeniably crazy. He proves it every day. And voters who believed this fool would deliver what he promised ... need I say it?
Spreading this trash is how you choose to spend your time? Get back to Texas' business at hand, rube.
Well they are (Those that voted for Trump) and is.........so what's the problem?
Yep and yep and you might do well to hear those words @JohnCornyn. You can't ride the @realDonaldTrump crazy train forever.
Well he's half right










trump is clinically insane. Given his hx u would have to be stupid to believe anything he says and vote for him

Well.. He's not wrong...
Everything he said about Trump is laughably true
And you feel like President Trump has a higher bar? Wake up John...snap out of your Trump haze. History will not look kindly on you
Senator Cornyn, how would you rate the National Enquirer as a fair, unbiased, truthful news source? Washington Examiner? Fox News? Curious.
Keep sticking up for him, this 60 yr old Texas woman won't be voting for you ever again.
Thank you Senator Cornyn for standing with our president! 
Trump IS crazy and evil and guilty as hell.
So tell me Senator Bedfellow, if you think voters are smart, why are you hiding your anti-healthcare bill from us?

Trump IS crazy, though.
Btw, the majority of Americans think this and worse about Trump. How is this news?
Maybe if you'd stop spinelessly defending the indefensible in the name of craven party loyalty you'd see reason.
If you believe Okeefe is ethical and truthful investigation, I put you in the same category as crazy person interviewed by Megyn Kelly.
Trump is crazy and you stand by him. Who's crazier?
Everyone knows it. Everyone sees it. And yet you continue to support Trump.
Why celebrate garbage, Senator?  It is beneath you, or at least it used to be.
Silence is complicity. Susan Collins spoke if 45's bad behavior. So did other women in congress. Maj Whip silent. $25 mil fraud judgement...
And you continue 2 support fraud 45. Need more? Nepotism. Emoulements. See Mr Mueller for more reasons to speak on behalf of country over...
Senator, let's face it: you agree with both. They are stupid. It's what keeps you in office. And he is crazy.
Everything said is true!! Voters are led by and trust 100% their elected officials.  You all let them down.  Trump is mentally unstable!
And?
Trump IS crazy
O'Keefe video?!?!? R u f'ing KIDDING me? What is WRONG w you! Disgusted that u r my senator.....
Is he wrong?  And can't really make an issue of someone saying something mean about a woman's looks after yesterday.
Trump's behavior is beneath the dignity of the office of the President of the U.S!  You are an enabler. He is an embarrassment to the nation
So.  The producer is correct.  And your support of Trump is disgusting.
How much did you get for your soul??
Hard to argue with either of those statements. Proof is Tweeted every day.
Want to see a crazy man? Compare your hypocritical diatribes re ACA  process to soundbites from your lying trap re cabal's secretive process
"O'Keefe. .  guilty in 2010 for entering the fed office of U.S. Sen Landrieu (D-LA) under false pretenses" 

shame on u
Those are almost objectively true, the first one due to who won.
And by the way, in my opinion I agree with producer "voters" that voted for Trump are "stupid"!!
guess that makes all those that support Trump ..what ? Wait, don't answer...let them answer. See where that takes them.
Oh, by the way Trump IS absolutely CRAZY!!!
enabler for arrogant, bullying, dishonest Prez. Can't believe you put out this O'Keeffe garbage alternative fact junk. Texas will vote U OUT
More GOP invasion of privacy on display:
This request from @POTUS' sham "commission" should alarm every American. I will not release sensitive data about 3.2M KYans to the fed govt. https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/880594493799632897 …
The character of the man you endorsed for POTUS on display. It's clear that you lack both judgement and integrity.
Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show
Unrecorded, many would say those things. Trump IS crazy. Key ?: why are you supporting the delegitimization of mainstream journalism?
Proof that #GOP only complains about leakers when the content supports them.
How else do you explain your election to office? It wasn't logic or reason.
You and GOPers can try to divert away from your cruelty and pandering to wealthy.  Won't work.
Sounds about right, to be honest.
Well, Broflake, he's half right.
Trump is crazy and the voters who voted for him are stupid. It's a factual statement. You're also compliment in @POTUS actions
they are mad our eyes have been opened by President Trump i have never saw so much corruption and fake news in my life. They r crazy
If it was trump saying these hateful things about another person you & other Rs would vote for him!
I thought CNN was fake news. Still supporting the insanity of the tweeter-in-chief?  We will vote you out.  It is time.
Those statements are both factual.
Yeah. Voters are stupid and Trump is crazy. What's the controversy here?
Beneath you, John
@MattMackowiak All true ..NOT FAKE NEWS
The voters who voted for Trump are ignorant and Trump is obviously unhinged. The truth is the truth.
One out if two isn't bad @PoliticalDiscor @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @IndivisibleTeam @NBCNews @washingtonpost @indtx36
Ain't that the truth.
CNN=FAKE NEWS!!
Remember when Trump called Republicans "stupid"? Somehow, I knew you'd forget that, John.
You should at least have the decency to give us a price so we can buy you back from th special interests if we want.
Those who voted for Trump are stupid, and Trump IS crazy!!! He needs to go.....impeach, die, resign....i don't care how!
I'll get my news from NPR and PBS since they have editorial standards and policies and ombudsmen.Do your news sources,Senator?
well that producers comments do seem to sum it up
@MattMackowiak both of those opinions seem defensible
Here is the REAL STORY ON Okeefe
"MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING (burger)" @VanJones68 Um, who still falls for edited right-wing propaganda videos--in 2017?? http://www.cnn.com/2017/06/29/opinions/much-ado-about-nothing-burger-van-jones/index.html …
You are seriously peddling this guy? You going to push Alex Jones on us too?
And your point?
This is what you're running with John, this is really all you got????
trump voters were stupid no doubt about it the man is mentally ill
O'Keefe is a propagandist liar and you normalize Trump's sociopathic toddler rants. Get some dignity John.
