anymore in especially the last 8 years the Republicans are cowards no better then the libtards, lie lie lie lie !
Cornyn has been around too long.He has gotten too comfy w/ being slick. 2020 is his next election.
#draintheswamp Term limits now!
IT'S the TRUMP "TAKE DOWN PLAN" left behind by AMABO!
Yup.
GOP needs to GO nuclear instead of picking their noses,What a bunch of slugs
ummm what nominees? GOP sets the schedule, dude.
just like Republicans did under Obama. Also, your face looks like you've been bullied every day of your life.
Democratic party is dieing
So is spelling.
You didn't have to roast me 
You are right. My apologies.
They are doing their jobs for the MAJORITY of voters who rejected Trump. #getintheway #resist
Which nominations?
Meanwhile Cornyn has been dragging his feet on things such as e-verify which might just curb border breaches.
I watch you every night. Love your energy.
Unfortunately this can't drag out for another 4 years to stop the destruction of our country. #LetTheLootingBegin
Senator Cornyn is WRONG ! We want a big beautiful wall as President Trump promised!  You sir are the swamp !
Where's the money coming from for this wall? Not Mexico and it better not be from me. DJT can pay!
Typical democrat response ! You loss, get over it ! What is  ILLEGAL  immigration  costing us ?
One thing it's not costing us, high prices on Fruits & Veggies. With no pickers, prices up!!
.@TuckerCarlson @JohnCornyn PRECISELY what 45* deserves. Dem blowback #3million >NO MANDATE. #RESIST #nevertrump #factsmatter #SessionsLied
Trump has been handing Congress unvetted Wall street Billionaires, unqualified for job, russian connected types.
@doug69 @TuckerCarlson @JohnCornyn That's how Dirty Harry did it! Nuclear method. It's there if we need it.
Dirty Harry, what a guy.
?
Get with the program congress or go home.
Congress is already dominated by your party, pumpkin.
dems can't handle the loss... Boohoo
@shawn_everhart @JohnCornyn Exactly
Time to issue some more EO's if Democrat party isn't going to get to work. @TuckerCarlson @JohnCornyn
Your party controls all three branches. Dry your eyes, princess.
Thank U for exposing another hidden slimy swamp creature snakes pop'n up all over this state. Drain the Swamp @JohnCornyn
another swamp creature? I'm realizeing Tx is full of them in office. U & Ted Cruz are both lying ass Snakes D-T-S
They are afraid of success. Liberals are trying to change our culture and way of life not to preserve it. Evil!
@sheipet912 @JohnCornyn  Democrats will drown themselves!!!
Cuz Repubs NEVER drug their feet on Obama appointments...EVER. The party of "no" ring any bells? "One term prez"?
Your party controls all 3 branches. You can't accomplish your agenda under this?
I'm a 5th generation Texan Hispanic I voted for the wall you are not in office to do for yourself, you work 4 us
get to work or turn in your seat we can fill it with someone who wants to represent us Texans.Get to work or get!
We Americans are sick of partisanship. @TuckerCarlson and @maddow get an award for spreading partisanship around.
bullshit Reps taking up Russian involve in elect instead of passing Trumps nominees&agenda now screwed Sessions
quit buying time Cornyn.   You have the house, senate and executive office.  No more excuses!
Your show is great...as you dismantle your guests and they sit there, letting you. Keep up the good work.
Tucker you're full of beans. Tell your guy to do his job and stop the belly aching!
that's a fact. Dems are out of control @JohnCornyn
EXCUSES!  EXCUSES!  EXCUSES!  Wish we had another CRUZ in the senate!  The one we have needs help!
Yes this is their great "Vision" for America
.@JohnCornyn You have Control of both houses a WH John. If things aren't getting done it's solely on YOU. Stop whining!
sounds like what #GOPgerrmanderbots did for last 6 years. Do unto others... Golden rule... #townhall or #coward
#Congess-let's go on #Vacation
then run them the f*** over!
Big John here shut down valid questions from @SenFranken while trying to thoroughly vet Sessions, you wonder why?
@GeenaJagger @JohnCornyn no they are wasting time whining about Russia. They need to get to work.
Representatives serve their constituents' interests. We don't like them.

Check your voicemail.
please someone just call them out on it and say it how it is none of this sugar coating obstructionist crap
I dnt understand don't the dems want to help the American ppl why not just let the president do his job
that's a ridiculous excuse it's called multitasking they should be working on drafts of legislation as well
The children are mad and are holding up progress. So much for the progressives, not progressive are they
$$, Don't you think it's about time that someone calls it like it is;; Fascism infiltrated the Democratic party.
$$, Furthermore, that is why George Soros has not been arrested. Nazi Collaborator ww2 plus.Won't arrest him
Dems are afraid #PresidentTrump will solve many of problems that affect the nation.
Repubs could pass any and all works if they didn't have so many rhinos and traitors like Murkowski and Collins.
It is republicans in congress that are dragging their feet not dems. Repubs have the majority in house and senate
@SpeakerRyan needs to hold session 24/7 untill ALL cabinet nominees are confirmed! #WeThePeople demand this!
@FoxNews Are  going back to the McCarthy era in our witch-hunting communist sympathizers with Russia cuz you know turned out
WHAT KIND OF GAME ARE YOU PLAYING WITH THESE CORRUPT DEMOCRATS? EXERT YOUR POWER TO GIVE PRES HIS CABINET!
Obstructionists, pro-resistance orders from past wanna-be leaders have the followers hard @ work..THEY WILL LOSE!
DENYING "We The People" of REPRESENTATION thus violating our Constitution.   Incarcerate DNC, then investigate.
They are all part of Obama's cult!
Fire #Soros controlled employees plus yourself bc u r owned by #Soros..Stop Sessions BS..u need to step down
He is lying..#Soros owned..call R's out..call them asap..stop Russia BS..have Soros employees
Turn about is fair play!
#Dems need to be painted with brush of #gridlock we were fed up with 4 years ago.  Move from #press to #Dems.
not sure if making nice with #Democrats will ever work - may need to go to war and let people decide.
Yes, and this nonsense about #JeffSessions - #DemResponse just another opportunity to stall #GOP agenda.
it looks like Dems were right about Sessions. He's lost the public's trust and his apologists will as well.
I VOTED FOR THIS GUY??? I am a Texan...AND...WE CERTAINLY VOTED FOR THE WALL! What is he talking about???
well if this not a load of bs.  Build the wall before kick you, McCain and all you other Rino's out
- If you live in TEXAS Call John Cornyn's Office and let him know or go down to his office!  NO MORE EXCUSES!
- I live in TEXAS...we WANT THAT WALL!!  We have had it with RINO's like you!  RECALL this man NOW!
aww look at the pot calling the kettle black
WE DO WANT A WALL !!!!!!!!.  Well get rid of officials that are not working for the will of the people.
They still don't get it, Tucker. They better get on the Trump train or they will have to get a real job.
@GreenSkyDeb @JohnCornyn revealed that GOPe is up to their usual shenanigans & have NO INTENTION OF ACTUALLY DOING ANYTHING
We Texans think that GOP is dragging feet. Do like Dems did and PUSH IT THRU! We want wall. Get busy
waiting for Obamas self insertion
just to be clear, Cornyn needs to go-shouldn't have won last election-we want the wall
I voted for @realDonaldTrump because of the wall and border security. Tired of politicians and their excuses.
easy answer. Go into recess for 5 min so Trump can make recess appointments and get on with other matters.
Quit whinning. You obstructed the dems for 8 years. You sound like a little girl.
Brett ripped Cornyn - as he should have.
I'm in Texas and I want a wall!!!  Support it!! Your whip your suppose to get votes not obstruct the president
they have done EVERYTHING they could to undermine this president just to push their agenda, they don't care about us!!
Sounded like a total pablum speaking establishment shill. We don't need people in triplicate at every level.
the democrats are afraid of real HOPE  & CHANGE.  Thank u for that @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Awww. Poor babies. Can't take mean ol Dems doing what you did for the past 8 years.
Quality nominations sailed through, the questionable ones scrutinized. Should have taken longer with #Sessions
LET ME BE CLEAR - WE WANT THE WALL!!
How many of the candidates have lied under oath or omitted information from their disclosure forms?
Stop gladhanding and start working or get out.  We are sick of this!
From a Texan, don't tell people Texans don't want a wall, that's a lie!  You people need to start working!
excuses. You don't need the POTUS cabinet to pass the obvious laws. Exec Orders can't be the only success
most of us Texan Trump supporters voted TO BUILD THE WALL & Border Security. Remember this! #BuildTheWall
Always the other guy. Just DO it. Afraid of success? 2018 elections right around the corner, then what?
They are still pushing for civil unrest. Conservative ppl are smart and patient. Patience is all but gone.
I think it's time for ppl in the white house to start prosecuting these ppl. Set an example of law and order.
R's control the Senate and the process.  Stop blaming D's for not having a complete Cabinet.
They should have spent -even more- time to make sure the AG wasn't perjuring himself about meetings w/ Russians.
More damn excuses!
THAT IS EXACTLY WHY THEY ARE NO LONGER THE DEMOCRATS...But! FULL OF BS,RACIST & HATEFUL DEMOCRAPS! DEMS =RUN!
that's the idiots agenda
The #CivilColdWar rages on. The Democrats would rather see America fail than be successful under a Republican.
Read a good statement. "can't fix America w/o pissing off the idiots who broke it..." Libs are afraid of success!
hey Senator yes we want a wall as high and thick and deep as we can build it
if this is the case, then gob needs to circumvent and push forward.  No more excuses! Ppl are tired of gridlock
THIS ANTI-Trump CLOWN IS FAKE NEWS. THat makes zero sense.
===Sir U are in big trouble with your base supporters...
===What? that shouldn't stop congress/senate from working within the party to solve issues/probs re: HC..etc
They do this so Obama can build is shadow gov't OFA etc  to try over throw Trump
that's will be a good campaign factor to add another term. Why else would they block. Libs are scared of success.
@twright55 @JohnCornyn   Really?
Not just Dems dragging their feet, sounds like allot of Vaction,Whip needs to be replaced with Cong. @TGowdySC
If they didn't have so much baggage to vet about, it might go faster. The GOP doesn't care about backgrounds???
please dems step off progress is oncoming we are exhausted with your lunacy#maga
So are some of the Dems fed up with the troublemakers? Or do they welcome it..??
everyday is another nail in the Democratic party coffin
sing it tucker! Sad
@punditOcrat @JohnCornyn <<<<This A$$ Ho!e Needs to be Voted Out of Office ASAP! #TermLimitsNow
build the wall
So yes, Texas has two scumbag senators, but not as scumbaggy as @SenateMajLdr
Well well, now the scumbag Sessions is a liar, perjurer and traitor w/Russians. All R senators are scumbags too
for shutting up @SenWarren The scumbag needed to be impugned. He deserved it, the worst of the worst, aside from
Trump & Bannon. This was not a farm bill whose sponsor's character did not matter, this was the AG who
was being debated. Of course (lack of) character matters and it deserves to be impugned #ShePersisted
Well they have but your points were well taken about them getting their butts in gear & WORK. ALL OF THEM
I sure hope that these swamp dwellers read through some of these replies. We blame you, Repubs. ~ #TrumpTrain
get on Trump train or be drained from the swamp. The people are NOT looking to you to tell us what should be done
RELEASE Trump's taxes
their supporters are paying them to not do their job, so now we know where lazy ,users lying come from #DemoRatz
@Avraham5772 @JohnCornyn obviously the Democrats are not for MAGA so just by pass them & nominate the new cabinet regardless
Cornyn lied to you tonite! TEXANS want a WALL! Cornyn is a liberal elite. We don't like him much here in Texas.
How about forcing the Dems to work by giving the President the 2015 bill which would entirely repeal Obamacare.
I am ashamed of the dems in congress! Pitiful! Especially Nancy !
Democrats are a dying and losing breed!
Flynn got 40k from Russia. How much 45 give U 1-19-17 CNN on live air? Or did U have direct line from Russia too?
This message needs to get out stronger...to everyone left or right
Cronyn HAS to go.  Texas voted for a Wall dude.  Get out of the way or retire now Sir.  #TermLimits
Cornyn has the scripted lines he's been using for the last 8 years why he and his buddies drag their feet.
---- the face of arrogance........there it is !
It's disgraceful the way these politicians act. They are about their party, not the people who voted for them.
Hampering the POTUS due to their petty party politics,slowing down on purpose so Trump can't get his cab in place
Major B.S.
He's dragging his feet with them. Ppl think Goldman Sachs is evil. What about the politician who takes the money?
build the wall stop being an obstructionist or retire
I'm a Texan, I want a WALL! There are few places it's not needed but Wall the rest!
Senator, I've supported you your entire career. For 1st time you are 100% WRONG about refusal to BUILD THE WALL
Lot of excuses Lucy. Get things done; keep the job.Think back on last mid-term elections. Not just for Mr. Cornyn
sicking get with the program
@POTUS Can we suspend their pay till they get the work done???
Hmm, almost like it was planned. Nah

Texas elected Trump because he promised a wall! Your 'best judgement' is not relevant. Stop obstructing Trump!
The cabinet nominees would like to nominate their sub-cabinet people, so approve them first.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Tucker thanks for exposing this RINO for collecting a check and not doing his job.
If you guys want to be on perpetual vacations we will send you on a permanent one. Republicans can change rules.
Tucker, lets be serious, Senate is waiting for the sub-cabinet members nominations? Really ??
Quit hiding behind Dems, change rules & get to work! 22 days off this year is outlandish! No legislation passed!
The republicans are going to get killed in 2018 because everyone is seeing how lazy they are.
#DrainTheSwamp
And you are not pushing it.  Enough with the vacations already.  It's pretty bad when FOX turns on the GOP.
DEMS R BLOCKING REPUBLICANS FROM GETTING BUSY ON MORE DESTRUCTION OF THE WORKING CLASS & PANDERING 2 WEALTHY
AFTER 8 YRS OF OBSTRUCTION REPS NOW KNOW WHAT IT IS LIKE WHEN SOMEONE PUTS PARTY AHEAD OF AMERICA,POT MEET KETTLE
No more excuses GOP-we would be fired from our jobs for lack of performance-same will apply in future elections
Whining about Dems only goes so far, dude. Buck up and use the authority we the people sent you to D.C. With!
And a good thing, since Flynn and Sessions were such good ideas.
And with GOOD CAUSE it would seem! How much did the GOP know about #SessionsRussia ? #CountryOverParty NOW!
, Republicans have been dragging their feet on investigating the administration's ties to Russia. 45 is yours.
Cornyn spoke like THE TOWER OF BABLE
hope Our President knows what Cornyn is up to..Texans don't want the wall,just $ for more patrols..he is a Jerk
GREAT JOB TUCKER!! Spotlighting Republican establishment like JOHN undermining TRUMP and will of the people!
Congress is becoming lazier, lazier & lazier. More about re election. Cornyn jumped alround the answer! Swamp???
John is the cautionary tale of WHY term limits need to be imposed immediately. Double talk, and PART of problem!
Drop the hammer on Democrats. Time to stop playing their game. Cornyn, get some balls & go on offense.
John- you are a sellout. The COUNTRY voted for a wall, and AGAINST the way Senators like you do business! Busted
GOP...do your damn job or we will do it for you! Utter nonsense 4u to rationalize GOP's incompetence by blaming.
