@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Trumpgate
Full repeal! NOW!
I agree. Repeal Trump now!
Get bent!
What if I get bent and don't have insurance? That could be costly. #ImpeachTrump #FlushTheToilet #GOPTreason #TrumpCare
Trump is a draft-dodger who goes after POWS, vets, and Gold Star families that don't agree with his Neo-Nazi charade. #ImpeachTrump
Prove it.
How about med deferments for conditions he couldn't remember having? Bone spurs that disappeared after war is over?
So you say... you work for CNN?
Did you read the article about Aetna lying about why it got out of the health exchanges? Tell the whole truth senator.
If you would have voted for culture in the first place and stood behind Ted Cruz,  we wouldn't be in this mess !!
#FullRepeal now
How the G.O.P. Sabotaged Obamacare
OBamaCare failing NO lame ass politicians r. DAY 1 plan. Oops u missed it. Keep up great work. Congress 17% favorable, Trump 34% b ashamed.
You're on the Intel committee and still not a peep from you regarding Don Jr's collusion/treason. You're my Senator and I want a statement.
Word. Our TX senators are an absolute embarrassment.
The @GOP is deliberately sabotaging the market so they can create a tax cut for the wealthy. Buy stock in any insurance companies lately?
There appears to be a disconnect here:
Please do your job...REPEAL OBAMACARE! Replace can come later. Republicans have to get this right, you don't need Democrats! #MAGA #REPEALIT
What are we supposed to do for healthcare between repeal & replace? The way Congress works we'd never see replacement or be able to buy it.
What did we do befire Obama got involved and screwed it all up? The insuranse companies offered policies at fair prices. That could work.
Thanks to Republican sabotage from the get go.
Because GOP is trying to kill ACA. Work towards improving it- not this awful repeal-replace bill
Another Cornyn deflection. It's failing bc it's being defunded. More important: what abt the Massive Collusion problem in Our WH? Statement?
Another collusion fool.
Please go to bed.
#TrumpRussia do you even care? What has happened to our Govt? Never in my sixty years.
Thanks to GOP sabotage.  Work with Dems to fix Healthcare. Show leadership.
Repeal and replace please centaur cornyn #nobama
REPEAL THEN REPLACE . That's why you were sent there 
You point this out, but you WONT SUPPORT the LEE/CRUZ amendment!!!!
That happens when not funded and repeal is the mantra. Surprised?

Because there is no enforcement of the mandate that was the Republican contribution to ACA, instead of the public option. Shame on you
I heard you say your constituents want the BCRA. I oppose it completely and know NO ONE who supports it. Fix ACA instead.
Treason trumps a bad healthcare bill! Please get your priorities straight.
Market is stabilizing and profits are beginning to rise. Decline in participation due to instability caused by GOP and corporate greed!
By continuing to support POTUS, the GOP is complicit with Russia and are traitors to the US
All thanks to GOP meddling of a good healthcare system.  TrumpCare will kill millions of Americans
That's what happens when GOP engages in fear mongering Scaring people away from seeking health insurance-way to go, little man, way to go.
Because of Republican- caused uncertainty.
Was in the private sector for 40 years, when a business is uncertain they tighten operations.  Self inflicted by you.
Complete the thought Senator.   "Because republicans are sabotaging the system."  Universal healthcare will be next.   #MAGA
Wow what a thoughtful tweet John forehead
John, Why apply when our dear leaders call the exchanges "DEAD"?
Why apply when the GOP has told everyone you will either repeal or replace it?
Because of your actions!!!
Take profit motive out of health care. Or insist that insurers participate. #InsuranceReform
Such your donkey, GOP plan is bad for middle, lower income but wonderful for rich and your donors
Insurers hate risk and chaos. @GOP is not funding the subsidies either. You are hurting real people.
Thanks to republicans like you dangling the carrot that says "hey wait for the @GOP to screw Americans for you!"
So now you're a purveyor of fake news. Obamacare marketplaces just had their most profitable first quarter ever.
It's almost as if health insurers don't want to be in the unstable market created by the Trump admin. Who would have guessed?
Because of GOP sabotage.
Thanks to you and your conspiring #GOP. #TrumpsCare real bad for people in need and real good for ultra wealthy. #JohnnyCrackCornyn
Why would anyone apply to something that the new president says is going away? Come on, you are a grown man, act like it
Because the Orange Fuhrer took the information from public access. Remember the pending lawsuit? #DoYourJob Senator.  #CountryOverParty

Stop sabotaging it.
You and the @GOP could have supported #ACA and Medicare expansion, helping insurers to stay. https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2017/05/why-so-many-insurers-are-leaving-obamacare/526137/ … #shameonyou
They're all about "big bucks." They know they won't have to do their job, if TrumpCare is passed.
and what are you doing to make it better and affordable for those of us with pre-existing conditions?
You have worked REAL hard to undermine the ACA; too bad you won't work as hard to help Texans & Americans who need healthcare. Shame on you.
That's because they have no idea what you R's are planning for them, but they are sure it won't be good and they don't want to commit.
Because congress and @WhiteHouse aren't holding up their end. You seem to leave that out.
The Dems. Even though right now according to the CMS the ACA is stable. Stop, John. Just, stop.
Prohibit the IRS from enforcing the Individual mandates. Y'all are purposely screwing with the markets to make it fail. Then, you'll blame
Because you and the other Republicans keep sowing uncertainty. The House GOP is no better. They're trying to sneak through a bill that would
Maybe if y'all were just gonna fix  shortcomings instead of screaming repeal these posts wouldn't seem so petty. #Republicare is not better.
Why join an uncertain market as the @GOP is working to kill it (and many Americans in the process)? #Trumpcare #MakeAmericaSickAgain
You broke it, you bought it.
Also:
So?
Hmm, wonder why that might be, John? The @GOP is the reason, 100%, for ACA problems
Looks like GOP is doing what they wanted - sabotage ACA so they can pass their disastrous healthcare bill.  What, u think we don't know?
You just need to quit tweeting
Didn't Ted Cruz right in a provision for insurers tinclied at least 1 ACA plan? If so, this headline doesn't matter
Repeal it!  @JohnCornyn   Quit trying to make silk purse out of sow's ear.  Read the Constitution.  Not delegated to feds. @realDonaldTrump
You may as well be citing Fox News here. Let's have an ATX town hall and I can show you some less skewed websites?
Missing from this article? Cornyn 

Also fixing something you broke on purpose  = ZERO credit. https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2017-07-12/senators-explore-bipartisan-plan-b-to-troubled-gop-health-bill …
So your efforts to destabilize the market worked, now what?
Wonder if that had anything to do with ur constant blathering about Repeal...or even more likely GOP refusing to supplement loses thru wash
Don't forget Medicaid and cuts. And preexisting conditions -- will hURT All.  I vote "fix ACA". Be moderate;  not time for extreme
A less biased source would be more persuasive. You should look for one.

Saying ACA is "bad" isn't really a positive for your bill. Why is your bill better? Insurance companies are still making a profit.
Your healthcare bill is a wealth transfer nothing more You do not lose healthcare or have caps.But you will  collect big bucks
BECAUSE THE GOP IS RIGGING THE GAME
#FullRepeal @RepMcCaul @tedcruz
Because of uncertainty caused by your exhaustive campaign to undermine and repeal the law. Support and improve ACA.
It's almost like they realize the whole system is going to change & they will once again be able to gouge ppl. Weird huh?
Don't you think it's strange that the president who prides himself on negotiating hasn't even TRIED to bring insurers back to the market? 
Well,... looks like the GOP's sabotage of the ACA (what it's actually called) is going according to plan.
Why don't you fund or fix it
You need to address the Russia Trump treasonous acts. We want @realDonaldTrump and @WhiteHouse out of the people's house.


GOP deliberately introduced uncertainty into http://Obamacare.Now  use as excuse 2 say Obamacare n trouble. Hypocrites.Whitewashed tombs.
Well terrific. You succeeded in discouraging them. Are you really Proud? Try being a human not a GOP senator for a change
because majority party and POTUS eliminated mandate and swore to repeal and replace. What incentive do they have to stay?
Why is a tax cut for the wealthy more important than the well being of all Americans?
Let's keep the lies flowing.  And forget that Trump has threatened to, or actually has already done so, to withhold payments.  Don't lie
Gloating over the uninsured?
, please fix it instead of tax cut legislation making healthcare worse.
Senator, please stop reading propaganda rags and read some actual news sources, jeez LOUISE.


No one wants your BCRA, John. Work with Dems like we hired you to do and repair ACA. Stop screwing around. Do your job or resign.
I used to consider myself a moderate and I've voted for you. But today's GOP has made me a liberal. I will work to help your next opponent.
#FixACA
REPEAL!!!!
And what's the number of Senate Republicans taking the Russian investigation seriously?
More lies from my own Senator. Are you doing NOTHING about the #Traitors in the White House?!! Stand up for America or quit!!!
As long as someone running as a Republican wins the White House, you don't care if the Russians put him there. Despicable.
Insurers need stability, just like the rest of us. Help them and us.
We are all aware of the failure and harm of Obamacare, the question is what are you doing about it? #FullRepealNow
Repeal ObamaCare completely. Replace with free market solutions. Get government out.
Legislate any insurer to any 1 State must provide equal insurance to all States at equal cost. Do your job & quit mandating socialism.
You seem proud of this sabotage. Congrats.
Insurers have LOBBYISTS all over D.C. contributing to campaigns. Y'all likely set them up to play this propaganda game. Useless stat
You've complained about Obamacare 4 nearly 10 years.  Do you have an original idea for healthcare for seniors, women and children
Interviewer: We're looking for critical thinkers.

Job applicant: I voted for Cornyn.

Interviewer: I'm not sure you'd be a good fit here.
Hope our government can remove itself from control of this industry. Allow freedom and choice to be the drivers.
Fact that GOP is willing 2replace ACA w/TCare (costs MORE/offers LESS) has inspired some ins co's 2leave.
TCare w/be GOP's legacy - bailing out on 23 MILLION AMERICANS and screwing those that remain w/plans that COST MORE/OFFERS LESS.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @GOP - WAKE UP AMERICA 
Just remember, John Cornyn-you and your party will be judged harshly for your plan to leave the poor uncovered and the rich, richer.
