yes, elections have consequences. Obama's two elections didn't seem to make you think this way, so what's new now?
Ur support of partisan politics w/o using good judgement & educated reasoning is making you a poor leader for TX&US
GOP used to be LESS popular than roaches. Aiming t b less popular than diarrhea now.
"Elections have consequences" until just over three years later. re: Merrick Garland.
Ignoring us also has consequences.  Moderation at the very least appears demanded.
Ha!
funny how that didn't occur to Republicans even ONCE over the last eight years. #LyingLiarsWhoLie
"When you open your heart to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice." President Donald J. Trump
constitution only. No LAWMAKERS.
I'm assuming you mean obstructing & leaving a SCOTUS seat open for a yr should be celebrated, but now no compromise?
Hypocrite, your words ring hollow to all of us paying attention over the last 8 years #Indivisible
Merrick Garland still waiting. First in line.
exactly, but why no action on Garland nom?  What you're saying is hypocritical.
demands? Hey Chuck @SenSchumer sierra tango foxtrot uncle


I wasn't aware he was in a position to "demand" anything.
how about the one stolen from an elected president? Have you no shame?
You literally refused to confirm the moderate candidate nominated by the elected president. #hypocrisy #BadRepresentative #YourConstituent
The 2012 election didn't seem to have consequences since you blocked all sorts of Obama nominees.
you are two faced! You BLOCKED Merrick Garland@for months.  What about that?????
You hypocrite.  Obama was pres and was allowed to nominate a justice,you just did not allow it being the party of NO
cmon man. You know you and your colleagues stole that seat.
If only someone had already suggested a mainstream candidate...
the majority voted Clinton.  @potus does not have a mandate.  Elections should be protected. #investigateelection
I completely agree with @SenSchumer's demands. @dcexaminer
merrick now.
That didn't seem to stop you from stealing a SCOTUS nomination last year.
Ha!  And here I thought you were a statesman instead of a political hack.  My bad.
Senator, ALL actions have consequences & WE THE PEOPLE will be scrutinizing all of yours. WE THE PEOPLE are tired of gridlock
This election should have as much effect on Scalia SCOTUS replacement as the last election...which is to say...NONE.
@tedcruz @SenTedCruz TX is watching and expecting you to INSIST on a mainstream SCOTUS nominee #indivisible #resisttrump
please explain blocking Obama' SCOTUS? We want  ethical conduct of Congress in governance.
Why is push back wrong now, when it was okay to obstruct Merrick Garland's nomination for a year?
Uh who's Schumer? LOL
Elections now mean you don't get to have ponies either. #MerrickGarland
we say No Mas! Trump must show his tax returns! No alternative facts!No tax payments until her does This message is going viral!
as a Texas resident,  totally agree with Schumer.  Expect Sen Cornyn will oppose as well
Trump lost be 3 million votes, Republican have no mandate. As a Texan you know how imbalanced district voting is.
-3000 counties, 30 states & 300+ Electors across US clearly stated what's "mainstream".
Chuck has #EastCoastMyopia
As a Conservative Dem, I want a Conservative nominated and approved.
Ted Cruz for Supreme Court! BEAUTIFUL!
dems are minority, they act like they are in majority
Sir, yesterday's march should tell you that mainstream is the only way to go. 3 mil more people voted for Hillary! Vote Garland!
Then why did you ignore our president's pick for 9 months? Hypocrite.
does Justice Kennedy in Obergefell represent the "mainstream"? @chuckschumer ? I think not. It was way outside.
Tell the Clown there are still circuses around.
Why did you block President Obama's nominee?
Trump won 30 states to 20. Sounds like the main stream is conservative.
as you being my representative in congress, I want a mainstream supreme court nominee. Let's work together.
: and he should to reveal the conflicts to the American people.
going to lead Tx voters to get u n Cruz  out!!  Enjoy ur last days sycophant.
Chuck has no ability to even suspect what the term 'mainstream' means anymore...wow.
What about the 2012 election? You and your party ignored that result for an entire year! @JohnCornyn @dcexaminer
He and his party have been ignoring the results of elections since 2008. What an embarrassment.
then why did you help blockade Obama's pick for a year?
43% Texans voted for Clinton. Elections have consequences = dismissing 43% constituants. Are you going to represent us too?
better than not voting on a nominee!! Can u say Merrill Garland. People remember!
Oh, but no consequences for not filling the vacant seat under Obama?
it seems you didn't care much for the cosequences of elections until you won them, which doesn't say much for your patriotism
.It's particularly galling to see @JohnCornyn pretend to give a shit about elections when we all know the GOP thinks reps should pick voters
“@JohnCornyn: Elections have consequences: Schumer demands 'mainstream' Supreme Court nominee http://washex.am/2j2MadX  via @DCExaminer”
If elections had consequences, why did you refuse to vote on Obama's nominee.  You are so FOS.
If that were true, how come Obama didn't get to appoint a justice?  He was elected.  Twice.  Without the Russians.
McConnell's unprecedented actions to kill the Garland nomination have consequences, too.
McConnell's hyper-partisanship was and is truly un-American. This is getting to be a habit with you guys.
Demand all you want. New sheriff in town, have you heard? @dcexaminer
I guess we will see, repeal ACA without replacing it and we will vote you out here in Texas, I guarantee it.
Is this a new belief of yours because this vacancy opened a year ago and you helped blockade Obama's nominee
The country is more important than any occupant of the Oval Office. Nominee to SCOTUS must be reasonable & qualified
Elections? GOP unconstitutionally stole SCOTUS pick. Next pick will be illegitimate and all cases heard invalid.
Schumer can take a flying leap. Trump will choose next Supreme Court Judge. Please see approval is quick.
you certainly didn't think so wrt #MerrickGarland
I just want the truth. With a capital T.
Elections had consequences, until you decided to blockade SCOTU for a year. How about a 4 year blockade?
Remember when y'all said voters should decide this SCOTUS seat? More people voted for HRC. She decides, I guess.
How about Merrick Garland? He seems like a great mainstream nominee.
indeed, I think that losing the popular vote by 3 mil means a centrist would be a good way to start uniting country.
In fact, @OrrinHatch 's suggestion of Merrick Garland isn't a bad idea.
America wants a mainstream Supreme Court appointee. Our LEGITIMATE president appointed a conservative.
Yesterday #WomensMarch  SHOWED you that we want a Mainstream Supreme Court appointee... not some nut job.
