I'm a therapist & both of these bills would affect my clients in real, tangible ways. Medicaid-covered schizophrenics would be SOL, for ex.
At least they can buy a gun though. That's super important to the @GOP!
John Cornyn: doesn't do math
If you don't want to come across as reptilian, remember your constituents are not a cost center
1+1= Hillary's Emails™
We see you @SpeakerRyan! This is like Christmas for you!
Thank you internet for the receipts!
Disgusting. @PRyan says he's been "dreaming" of capping health insurance funds for low-income Americans since he was drinking out of kegs. 
Did you read it or they are paying you to stay stupid?
Those deep cuts to Medicaid means vulnerable people go without and/or die. You get that right?

Are you glorifying your own vilification of the poor? Have you no shame? You're despicable. Prepare to be out of a job in 2020.
only in Washington do senators play with human lives and pretend its good business. more akin to euthanasia of lower class citizens.
If you want less people on Medicaid, try policies that create wealth for lower/middle class rather than letting the top 1% suck it away.
Rob the poor to pay the rich.  That's the Republican Way!
And that's bullshit!
Sick people will still come to hospitals and care will occur at the highest expense to hospital systems with no revenue, no support to pay
Where is your humanity? Your reduction of growth rate will be the death of some of our most vulnerable.
If you're so proud of this bill, let's hear from you at a Town Hall. When will you meet with all of your constituents? We're waiting.
I'll be 65 in 2025. My hard earned & well planned retirement plans will be cut if this #deathcare passes #13Men #SaveACA
Why should he. He's a TEXAS hick who can't count pass 20 with his shoes off

Reducing the rate of growth below the rate of increased need is a CUT.
John, obviously the R priority favors the already wealthy over those in need. Every single time.
Only in Washington is taking healthcare away from the poor to give tax cuts to the rich considered "compassionate". #hypocrite.
Maybe folks who are able bodied will choose  to work instead of living off the system. Personal responsibility seems to have vanished.
You need a GOOD OLE FASHION TEXAS WHIPPING! BLESS YOUR COLD BLACK HEART!
Republicans could choose to expand Medicaid in more states. They could provide more subsidies for people to purchase insurance.
Why cut Medicare???
Your soul is as black as the oil you protect
What's Senator Cornyn's greatest achievement?
Cuts to Medicaid? You mean the "president" is a LIAR? 
5) Hospital & clinics wiil close. Less ppl choosing healthcare career cld result in shortages. Guess there will be + funeral director jobs!
3) need for new healthcare workers. These are high paying full time jobs with benefits.  Pull those 20 million peoples insurance and
2)Infusion of 20 million new insured patients into the system had a massive positive effect and caused a huge increase in the need for
1) Also missing from conversation is the increase in the number of healthcare jobs that were created by Obamacare.
You're actually proud of this??
Only in Lala land do republicans care about children who are poor  or disabled. You disappoint me sir.
I hate you in ways you can't understand.  You are heartless and care only about campaign donors.
4) healthcare industry will no longer be able to afford to pay those salaries. The jobs and the payroll taxes they provide will disappear.
can you reduce the rate of growth of the population?  Then it's a cut. Math
You make me sick. Which looks like it will be a problem because of your "reduced rate of growth" for all h/care svcs for the 99% #AHCA
This idea annoys me SO much.
I don't understand how you can be so "pro-life", but support "optional" maternity care?
We know you're whoring yourself out for much cheaper than @SenateMajLdr & @senorrinhatch MAYBE we can buy you, how much 2 save our life?
Since you received 160k from Big Pharma & insurance & consulted w/their lobbyist for #ACHA, how much do we, average Americans, have 2 pay?
Clean REPEAL!
Rate of inflation + rate of population growth will do the cutting if the budget stays flat.
Wrong! It is a cut everywhere except in your mind. How can you use the "cut" and not mean less than? That is a reduction. Silly .@JohnCornyn
Good! Get people off of the welfare rolls and back to working and paying taxes. You only get it if you really need it.
All MURDERERS
Only in Washington is a TAX CUT for the MEGA RICH considered to be a "HEALTHCARE BILL."   @LamarSmithTX21 @tedcruz
If you so dislike it there in DC, John, I have an idea: #Resign
You think we're stupid but we're not. We understand the impact of the bill you wrote on benefits for disabled kids.
Keep the rehtoric up John, you may sleazeball your way to a yes vote but we are watching and 2020 is just around the corner!
And yes, if you're cutting a billion dollars, it is a cut.

Oh, but thank God our military is bigger than next 8 countries combined. SMH
I wish you would EXPAND Medicaid, & offer it on a sliding scale. Publicly traded insurance companies are beholden to shareholders, not us.
You do realize that Medicaid covers almost half the country right? Course you & ur Eugenics buddies do. How do you sleep at night? Seriously
Lifetime caps as well? You going around telling ppl that this isn't JUST for AHCA but all insurance? Of course you're not. You will own this
Remember, oh and you might want to remind 45 of this. If AHCA passes this is the GOP's-period. No more blaming Dems or Obama. This is yours.
Want to  it should be able to look indivs & fams in & say you value tax over funding services that help kids w/disab gain independence.
In TX 1,000s of kids can't get needed therapy. My daughter w/autism can't get OT or GI Dr. Do you think cutting funding will help TX kids?
Moral s agreed kids deserve = chance & services to help reach full potential. @GOP unilat gets to decide wealthy more deserving of $?
Find a single organization who approves of your work. The ACA, the AARP and many others consider it a dud.
GET ER' DONE!!!
The Insurance Biz is what screwed up our Healthcare. This is a Private Health Insurance Preservation bill. It is NOT Healthcare.
After all, it's the billionaires who really need protecting, isn't it Senator? Why help a poor kid with cancer. No money for you in that.
R U really that stupid? Lowering the income limit to receive subsidies, phasing out incentives, ending open-end entitlement -- ALL cuts.
Get busy on right-to-die legislation cuz us little & old people won't have care to keep us alive; you won't make us suffer too will you?
"Limit growth of Medicaid."  Will growth of medical costs and big pharma growth also be limited?
It is a cut because it means fewer people will get health care when they are sick.
You guys get it together, listen to Ted Cruz and Mike Lee and get a healthcare bill passed! The time is NOW!
You didn't do well in math did you John. Bottom line is your killing Americans to benefit the wealthy.
?? How does that make any sense?? Less funding than in the past = cut #HealthcareBill #badmath #worsesenator
This is what a 'death panel' looks like.
This is horrible. Medicaid needs to be expanded, not cut.
What is it in Washington when people die from lack of healthcare that you took away? I hope karma is real and you recv ur full measure.
You do understand that we don't want you to cut Medicare, right? #represent your constituents #DoYourJob #VoteNoAHCA #resist
Only @JohnCornyn refers to taking health care away from the needy and giving a tax break to the rich as "reducing the rate of growth."
He's a "career politician."
decided not only have you no understanding of economic, and cant do math, you cant read or hear either. Either that or you are just viscious
Please help the top 1%.  They are really struggling to buy more Ferrari's.
I seem to recall that the President said there would be NO Medicaid cuts, and that insurance would be much cheaper and better.
I guess math was never a strong suit, you and your sociopathic GOP peers are effecting a per capita cut to give $800B to your overlords Koch
1/ I work at a safety net PCP. 30% of our pts - your constituents are Medicaid recipients. If they no longer qualify due to eligibility
2/ restrictions, we will see a spike in uninsured pts. Which means more uncompensated care. It's hard enough collecting deductibles from
3/ pts with high deductibles. Uncompensated care will lead to layoffs at our practice. So that's awesome. WTG, Senator. You're failing
4/4 poor Texans and the health care sector. Sad!
Which would kill the elderly & disabled... thanx we appreciate ur love & kindness
2 @JohnCornyn Wow that’s great news isn’t it? Even higher infant mortality rates and more mentally ill on the streets or in jail.
1 @JohnCornyn States will be able to  drop benefits required by the ACA: maternity care, emergency services and mental health treatment.
Health care costs grow at 6%/ yr, Senate Bill allows 1% over inflation / yr. for Medicaid growth. This IS a cut. 
#MedicareForAll
#Resist
When?
You know, I always thought those smirking, evil Nazis in the movies were over the top. You're actually worse. History won't be kind to you.
Shame on you. Targeting the poor while giving the wealthiest the money.
You definitely don't understand math, do you? This is why I stopped being a Republican YEARS ago. Conservative, my ass. This is pure evil!
What is this going to do to nursing homes? People will have to quit work to care for parents. Economy will go down toilet! Look beyond 3 yrs
Yes John, but respectfully you're a part of it and you've been there a while.
Vote no on the piece of trash #ACHA
The same amount of $ split between more ppl is a "cut" on an individual level. This is not hard to understand--it's basic math.
Only to a R can destabilize the individual market for HC- then count the 0 spent by people w/o coverage toward average "decline" in premiums
Are there toxins in the swamp water in DC affecting your ability to compose simple tweets? I know you drank the orange koolaide, but really!
and people will die because of you. 21st century version of gas chambers.
I'll remember to clarify that with folks who will no longer get their chemotherapy. I'm sure it will bring them much solace.
Lifetime caps on employer healthcare .Let me guess You made sure there where no caps on your tax payer paid insrance
Shhhhh.  No one is supposed to know that. Might cause more people to wake up!!
They all took care of there heathcare
Can't wait to vote you out!
Thank you for sharing this one.
You post this like you are proud of killing your constituents?! Shame on you Cornyn. You're #OutIn20 #TurnTXBlue
Only for Republicans, reform is: millions lose health insurance, premiums rise, and billions of tax cuts for wealthy.
We’re going to have to pay more to get worse coverage, so billionaires can have tax cuts. You’re a disgrace
Did that sentance make sense when you thought of it?
Only in the GOP is a bill to kick the least of us out of coverage so people of a certain complexion and tax bracket can grow their accounts.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
Healthcare brought to you by Delta.
Hey dummy, when you limit the rate of growth on purpose so the rich get a tax cut and the poor lose their health care. ITS A CUT.
Also. The cat in the hat has less pages than the bible
Pegging future Medicaid increases to rate of inflation and not actual costs is a huge cut. We're not idiots, John.
No, WE are not idiots. But don't mistakenly think that just b/c he's a senator that he isn't one either. He's that, and a blind follower.
You can't spin your way out of this. Real people are really going to die because of this bill, because of you, and we all know it.
Thieves and Murderers ! Yes You Cornyn! &The rest of them.
You're a monster
taking billions away from those who need it just to line your own pocket and your friends pockets is a cut and you are PATHETIC pushing it!
U r shifting 2 per capita funding, growth formula won't keep pace w medical costs. State budgets will be hit, kids/elderly/poor will suffer.
Even insurers r telling you Medicaid shifts will adversely impact 75M needy people. Realize u favor wealthy over poor, but this is heartless

Images of disabled Medicaid recipients being dragged off from @GOP offices will look really good in campaign commercials.
Your contempt for your constituents is disgusting.
You are a despicable person, including being a traitor destroying our democratic institutions
Your sentence makes no sense
Words, John. They're important. What do the experts say about that? Or maybe the folks who will be hurt by that "cut" in growth?
PRO TIP. if you don't wanna come off like you wish all the poor people were dead...don't post shit like this
I think he finds it funny that a lot of us will be in trouble
It's utterly sickening how they don't even try to conceal how much they think this is such a hoot.
