RT if you want Senate Republicans to start over and work with Democrats on a bipartisan plan to improve the health care system
If you want to improve healthcare then you should consider the Purple Health Plan. 

http://health.purpleplans.org 
Oh dear, Johnny-Boy, that's a REALLY big lie!  #CanCornyn
Then regulate them and the pharmaceutical companies - But you still need to work with the Democrats...
Thank you for the attention you have drawn to Sen Tim Kaine's tweet.  I have now retweeted his comment not yours.  Insurance  co are greedy!
What many of your constituents are interested in is voting you out!
Yes, you also want to give tax breaks to rich, gut Medicare, allow exemptions for pre-existing conditions & lifetime caps
In just bailing out insurance companies? This reads like they are among the entities you want to help. Health and insurance are unrelated.
@SpeakerRyan @GOP @SenateGOP
 @SenTedCruz @HouseGOP
GOV + Healthcare + Insurance = fractured priorities, responsibilities and trust.
Repair Affordable Care!
He's asking for everybody to work together. Thanks for finding a way to not do that 
Nor are you interested in helping Americans get affordable, useful healthcare. You are interested in giving the very rich tax breaks!
You will sit there and tell the MAJORITY of your constituents no? Guess we need to find a senator that'll represent our interests then.
you aren't interested in helping your constituents either.   Fix the problems,  or the voters will fix ours 
#LastTermCornyn
@timkaine Not bail out, make sure we all have access to healthcare/ representing the majority of pops wishes.
You are ONLY interested in making the Rich Richer
Are you interested in anything that doesn't make you more kick back money?
Of course not the @GOP is only concerned about lining their own pockets.
No, you're also interested in tax breaks for the mega-rich and unjustly enriching big pharmaceutical companies.
You are interested in money.  It's your only concern. Not the lives lost. Not the time lost from families because of illness. Money Owns You
how's your plan going senator?
I don't believe the words "bail out" were in Senator Jaime's tweet Johnny.  or infered  thereof.
You want to take 20 million plus off of health care in order to give tax breaks to the overly privileged
No, you are interested in making them and yourselves richer, and don't mind sacrificing the sick and the poor in the process. #maga
OMG Yes you are. Those peeps are your base! Silly goose. We all know about that stuff. It isn't 1990 anymore..
@timkaine "We only bail out huge banks..."
John, The GOP  is interested only in killing the ACA;if a few Americans have to die to do so, not a thing.  Ask the women  of Tx
You ought to take a page out of Ben Sasse's playbook-Integrity
Exactly, this is about PEOPLE.  The 1% need a massive tax cut. Thanks for understanding, senator.  #saveACA
Neither are we. See Peter Suderman's "Time for Repubs to Start From Scratch on Health Care." Also include women and Dems, independents, etc.
John, we're not interested in losing our health insurance so that your donors can get a tax cut.
Yeah @timkaine! We are trying to bail out all rich people! Think! You bail out Big Medical and they donate. We cut taxes on the rich and...
Don't bail them out, allow for buying across state lines, and for the marketplace to determine what products consumers want!  Do it all!
That's funny because the GOP is the insurance company's best friend! How much do u get from them in campaign contributions, john?
Nah, you just want to give them millions in handouts.
@timkaine also, you should work with Dems to make this country stronger/healthier like it's your job... cause...
He said "improve" not "bailing out", John. Can you not read?
What you are MOST interested in ...tax breaks to the wealthy.  Just call the bill what it is..WEALTHCARE
No John, we know that. You're more interested in taking money and help from the sick and poor to give to the rich. You Republicans are evil.
That's right @JohnCornyn. Your constituents demand #FullRepeal  Now get to it.
Again
Or in bipartisanship
I'm counting down the days until we can repeal and replace YOU, Senator.
more interested in getting those big tax cuts to your rich donors who "desperately" need them to survive, unlike the poor with healthcare
We know. Your biggest concern is a tax break for the wealthy. Did you buy any stock in any insurance companies lately? #wealthCare
u tweeted earlier bragging about trying to work with dems on a healthcare plan.
You should be upping your game @JohnCornyn The ACA covered 20 million.  BCRA covered -22 million. That's the wrong direction
You're right. Americans are interested in a simplified, Medicare/Medicaid for ALL scheme where we're ALL treated equally.
Yes. You are. Work on improving ACA to benefit the people of this country.
I worry about working with democrats I don't trust them at all.
Only cutting 32 million off insurance to give millionaires a tax break? Taking chemo from kids and tossing people out of nursing homes?
lol nope you're just interested in tax breaks for them + millionaires
Your reply makes no sense at all
Balderdash, John. (I refuse to be vulgar, but you get the point, right?)
Why is the GOP trying to take healthcare coverage from the poor sick and elderly?  What good comes from killing people who can't afford ins
What are you interested in Senator Cornyn? Simply lining the wealthy pockets and tossing 32 million people off insurance?
Just the top %1, SAD
As a former Republican, I can say that John has lost his love for America and democracy. He was, past tense, a man of honor. He lost path.
@timkaine Dems were asked to work on a bipartisan bill but refused. No time to start over. Too many people are hurting under Obamacare.
John you need to DO YOUR JOB!  Tax cuts! Also get behind OUR PRESIDENT and quit making negative commits about OUR President and his family!!
we want a bipartisan effort to amend and improve Obama care.  GOP effort alone was a failure in leadership.
Nope. Just tax cuts for your rich donors.
Hell no #repeal then #replace.  Do your job for Christ sake. Do what you promised. You're making a big mistake not standing with @tedcruz.
Then why the tax cut for insurance execs? Still in there? This is only for @GOP  and Trump, Inc. Not for the people you work for.
But you just admitted you are interested in helping insurance companies. The GOP always puts profits before people
11,000 Likes for "Tim" @timkaine 
Less than 200 for John. Figure it out John. You're not on the right side of this.
How about his ask for bipartisan bill?  Your state TX has both parties in it!  I vote in TX
Yes, Tim, also be mindful of the heavily burdened billionaires who richly deserve our fiscal consideration.
Well that escalated quickly in terms of assumptions.... I would love if my Senator put people over party & stopped relying on talking points
That's right, John, you're just interested in gifting the rich with tax cuts.
Still looking for GOP to keep their promise #FullRepeal of Obamacare 
Please, work w/ the Dems.  It IS a hard job but rewarding if u work together!
Correct! No interest in another gov bailout!
Working to save the coverage of those 23 MILLION VULNERABLE AMERICANS is your JOB Senator.
@JohnCornyn How about eliminate health ins companies, go #SinglePayer system that doesnt bonus CEOs millions & claim can't profit under #aca
Disgusting!
Yeah Tim, that money is supposed to go to a tax cut for the top 1%
Repeal #Obamacare now!
Way to be an adult and compromise in good faith, you hack. Do your job and work with your colleagues. Show some respect for your office.
Single payor, then?
Neither is he.  That is not what the tweet says.
And I'm not interested in you charging me FIVE times more because of my age! #Trumpcare #Townhall
Obviously, you're not interested in bipartisanship either.   Try talking more and tweeting less.
But you complain about the Dems not working with you. How can they win?
Are you interested in helping your constituents get healthcare?  Apparently not. Just tax breaks for ur donors.
If you had the cajones to stand up to insurance cos, you'd unwind employer based system and let those cos compete for EVERYONE'S business.
You're just interested in giving tax cuts to your rich donors
Mr Cornyn You are allowing them to strong-arm the government by pulling out & forcing you 2 go back 2 where we were, back to BIGGER PROFIT!
Have you forgotten, we are ALL in this together? & only together can we confront our countries most pressing issues.
Fake news. GOP members always bail out corporate overlords.
When will you put country before party?
Good job!!! Get this done, then work on bringing costs down with some sort of controls on doctors, hospitals, and pharmaceuticals.
No, you're just interested in taking away Health Care from millions of people. The GOP only cares about the rich and screw over the poor.

Did you have the courage to tweet @timkaine ?  What did he say?
That is not what  @timkaine said.  Also, I find your sarcasm disrespectful to Americans given the gravity of what WE are facing.
Who are you interested in bailing out? This is not about tax cuts! Its about protecting Americans ability to get affordable healthcare.
Your plan puts all of us one serious illness or accident away from no health coverage. You're failing Americans.
Tim Kaine is a slug, his little feelings are hurt that he and Killary got beat so badly in the election. He is simply ridiculous.
Are you interested in giving out tax cuts to billionaires?  Yeah, I think you are.
@timkaine so what are the Americans who lose coverage? Simply collateral damage?
That's right Tim, GAH! The senator is however very invested in pushing a healthcare bill that's really just tax cuts for his rich friends.
Oh that's right! The GOP only favors bailing out banks.
You are not interested in helping average citizens either....your "Healthcare plan" dangerous and unpopular, also U should look into Treason
You're not interested in providing accessible Health Insurance either...
Even with your dark soul, we see right through you and your lies, @JohnCornyn !
More verbal diarrhea... you are just interested in erasing Obama's legacy and tax breaks for you and your cronies. Deplorable.
What are you talking about? #dotteringfool you seem a little confused
Thanks John, proud you are our senator!
No, you want to give giant tax cuts to the 1% and take basic healthcare away from 22 million poor and middle class people. Real patriot.
Senator, your response to "Tim" makes no sense. Why can't both parties work together on this? Clearly you won't, so it may be time to retire
Just to clarify.. are you saying the ACA is only bailing out insurance companies?? @timkaine
No, you're interested in negating  President Obama's signature piece of legislation, at the expense of the most vulnerable among us.
No you're just bailing out pharmaceutical companies, got it! you have "Big Business" interests not your constituents. You need to be removed
No, you're interested in bailing out millionaires and billionaires so you can kick poor people off of Medicaid. You fool noone but yourself.
Perhaps you should be interested in working TOGETHER so that ppl have insurance.  NOT the BS you are working on now.  #DoYourJob
@JohnCornyn that's EXACTLY what you're doing!!!
"Competition" is the magic word. Allow and encourage insurance companies to compete..they will encourage healthcare providers to do same

What is wrong with you?!?!? Stop embarrassing us. Just stop.
No, you are more interested in giving your buddies a big tax break while making less fortunate struggle even more.  Shameful.
You are interested in killing poor people and enriching the insurance companies & the rich. Shame on you for your lack of morals/values
Are you seriously suggesting that it's the Democrats who are bailing out insurance companies!? Are you tweeting from an alt universe??
