Fantastic. Does that mean he's going to use the 80M Congress approved to combat ISIS and Russian propaganda?

What are you doing to repair those ties?  And when did we have so much trust in Russia?
Yet he still won't spend money allocated for cyber security at State Dept. to combat future Russian meddling?
RT @zivinilee: @JohnCornyn @dcexaminer Yet he still won't spend money allocated for potato security at State Dept. to combat future Russian…
Oh, he really put his foot down on this one. Go count rubles you traitor.
So it's not fake news like @realDonaldTrump says?
Tell 'em, Rex! Good job.
Did this just now come as surprise to you?  You knew over a year ago and are just now saying something. Trump is Mueller target and guilty!!
Too bad your hero crooked Donald Trump doesn't believe Russia did it. He wants to reward them for attacking our country
Don’t you wish that Trump would say this too?
So what are you doing about it today?  @JoaquinCastrotx @RepBetoORourke #TurnTexasBlue

You must read!!!!!   Rex Tillerson Under Criminal Investigation for 'Wayne Tracker' Fraud https://patribotics.blog/2017/08/07/rex-tillerson-under-criminal-investigation-for-wayne-tracker-fraud/ … via @patribotics
And how much is YOUR soul worth to look the other way while our democracy is sold out from under us. You're a traitor.
So what do YOU think of that, Senator Emptysuit?
Oh, man. Too little too late. It's seriously damaged our reputation with our allies and internationally. We look impotent and incompetent.
Too little too late
I thought you backed @realDonaldTrump on this? Fake news or not?
There was no "election interference." Stop this. It's madness, and it's a bigger threat to "our democracy" than the alleged "interference."
But the "face" of the Republican Party said Russia did nothing. I am ashamed of what the GOP has become.
It's about time. Now maybe he should use the budget he was given so he can start to address things in N Korea and Afghanistan.
So.... The Dump administration is now saying that there was Russian involvement in the election interference? Last I heard he doubted it.
How can you continue to stand by in silence? You are #partyovercountry. Shame!
But first he read his statement to them for approval
You have provided zero proof! The only data provided publically all points to an inside job.
Russia replies by saying "your boss asked us to help.  This is how you thank us?"
Dirty money flowing through the GOP is the word on the street   
Glad someone did
That is the right message!!
What's your plan to counteract this damage?
Tillerson's reply to Russia was just like you John, a limpdick at best reply/action.
But you said the Russia story was "fake news". So it's not fake news now? You need to be retired. I'm happy to help with that. Worthless!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS says this is a hoax. So it must be #MAGA #impeach
Turn about is fair play. Let's have the CIA foment a movement against Putin in Russia.
And what say you John?  You seem very quiet on this matter.  What are you hiding?

And you and your friends let it all happen!
Are you changing your spots? Oh no...just throwing articles on twitter without taking a stance.
Too little, too late.
But, Senator, you have done nothing. #cancornyn
Rex: Mr Putin, Sir, I mean Boss; you were not very nice. Don't get caught again, keep to Jared's back channels. Thank you Again Sir.

Dude. Dentist said eating candy is bad for teeth.

Should we file this under No Shit Sherlock, or "Best, I mean really best, use of tax $"
It would be nice if our President would give them the same message? Or you too?
And why has Trump said nothing about Russia's election interference and seems to have absolutely no problem with it?  Strange.
Well, at least Russia's hearing the news from a friend.
You mean it wasn't Congress?  Trump said it was your fault!  :)
It also ensured I'll never vote for a Republican again. #GOPLostMe
That's not what the president said. He said Congress was to blame. Who is right?

It's a start toward accepting reality. 
I thought that Trump and Tillerson and the whole GOP does not believe that Russia interfered?
But John, your president denies Russia meddled in anything. Do your job, defend our government
Happy that Tillerson is blaming some real perpetrators, unlike his boss. Thanks for passing this along.
Wow. You mean one Republican actually figured that out and isn't denying it!
so it seems @POTUS and Tillerson disagree on meddling.  Which do you believe to be true?
As usual, Sen Emptysuit will see which way the wind blows before taking a patriotic stance either for or against whatever ...
Hillary was a terrible candidate. Period. John not ONCE did you mention Russia in previous elections.
Name a specific Russian optic that swayed the election. *crickets*
John tweets all day, but is a 'do nothing' senator
And yet you continue to cover for Trump/Putin.
Senator, how much dirty Russian money are you taking through PACs?
And you do nothing about it. You post other people's work while declaring no action. Russia is committing a soft coup and you do nothing.
Same as he has done for years. He has no idea how to lead. Only how to complain. Just like @realDonaldTrump
If Ms. Clinton was POTUS we wouldn't be having this discussion would we.
Why do you condone (with your silence) Mcconnell receiving 2.5 M from a foreign source? Are you also implicated? It is time for you to go.
Great job, Captain Obvious! Give him a bonus!
WTH are you doing about this? Ignoring it like everything else tRUmp Russia?
They will get over it.
Remember Hillary Clinton messed with the Russian election when she was at State. So maybe Putin was looking for a little payback.
Wow
https://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/04/new-report-reveals-mcconnell-ryan-took-millions-russian-oligarch-tied-putin/ … And yet you will not address congressional leaders taking foreign money. Care to guess the source? Traitors.
Not with the GOP though, right John?
Why are you supportive of Trump when he and his Sec of State aren't even on the same page? Trump does not believe our intel community!
And I tell the senate, maybe they should handle internal affairs... You know, why we elect them.
Great, when will POTUS stand up to Russia? What will you do when he doesn't enforce sanctions?
I am not commenting. Cc: Rex
