Ahhh, the beautiful work of socialism. Isn't it great when we help each other?
So this isn't 7.9 Billion
Would like to say something nice about you Mr. Cornyn but can't think of anything to say
Thank the democrats too.
Recover & Rebuild when each year more storms?  Soon there is no more recover and rebuild - its abandon and move out. Thats Climate Change.
Don't be grateful show courage and conviction.  You passed an aid package in the house and Senate.  If he vetoed you could override.
Good 1st step.  It's going 2 take a long time 2 rebuild. Let's make sure the $ goes 2 the people who need it instead of administration costs
first step?
And yet you voted against relief for us when we suffered damage from Hurricane Sandy. #MakeHypocrisyGreatAgain
Little bigger. Sandy took out a few square blocks not the 4th largest city which is bigger than Jersey anyway
So helping NJ after Sandy obviously cost less than what it will cost 2 help victims/rebuild after Harvey. Correct?
Does this answer your question?
Please stop kissing his ass.
Would you go to Florida with @SenateMajLdr and save the dolphins from drowning.
Second step actually. First step was #PeopleHelpingPeople locally and from neighboring states Thank You #CajunNavy
Thank Chuck and Nancy!

Maybe next time you can remember what charity and service looks like.  It's not just needed when you need it.  Embarrassing to Texas.
Yea yea. #TrumpRussia
Talk to your buddy @RepJoeBarton. How the hell can you represent TX and vote against that bill?
Love it when the @GOP change their tune....  where is @tedcruz on this social program?
They're ALL hyprocrites. Cracks me up how fast they vacillate back and forth as long as it benefits them.
Have you thanked NJ & NY senators that you denied Sandy relief to that voted to give Texas relief after Harvey? #Hypocrite #VoteOutCornyn
Nice to see R's and D's working together.  Hope it continues.
Now don't forget to help Florida after #Irma devastation
Keep it up Senator. You and Ted have to support our President.
But where was your support for Sandy victims?
The scale of the two storms can be compared like this. Flood everybody in New Jersey and that's what you have in Houston right now.
So people in New Jersey did not deserve relief but Texans do?
I don't know where you're getting that idea. I would want everybody in New Jersey to get the same help if they needed it.

Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others).
This is scary and very concerning
4 Texas Republicans voted no: Rep. Joe Barton, Rep. Jeb Hensarling, Rep. Sam Johnson, and Rep. Mac Thornberry. All Dems in favor. Thoughts?
Senator C is quick to criticize Democrats. Will he call out a Republican, especially a fellow Texan? All about accountability to me.
nope he won't. wht is wrong with these people are they all russian agents?
Trump’s Rebuke of Washington GOP Should Surprise No One. The swamp gets sloshed! Republicans stunned! GOP reeling! Blindsided!
Remember, Cornyn voted AGAINST HURRICANE SANDY AID! HYPOCRITICAL JERK!
No aid for secessionists
Tax cuts now.
A soulless goon in the WH gets praise doing something that you whined about Obama doing for Sandy
Now @YoungCAGOP need to #SpeakUp @CAGOP Wake Up & STATE the Fact that EVEN @DNC in CA are against #SanctuaryCities
Oopsy, forgot to sign before he left for r&r at camp david. All this suffering makes POTUS a cranky guy. Sorry, can't outrun russia.
Irma is a record hurricane.
Not grateful to your colleagues in NJ and NY for their morality, unlike yours for #HurricaneSandy
#hypocrite
#ethics
Great job @JohnCornyn and @POTUS ! Well done getting this aid bill approved.
Please DO NOT try using Hurricane Harvey as political cover to sneak through non-emergency funding without the proper oversight.
Oohh, ahhh.  POTUS actually didn't fling poo today! Well, let's give him a gold star & a participation trophy! Heckuva job.
It's the man's job. We don't need to grovel whenever he does something even mildly appropriate.
Then take away their health insurance?  Is that the plan ?
Yes! thank God for the people of Texas! But u who voted with @tedcruz against aid for #Sandy victims r a disgrace as Senators! #Harvey
Oh, tell @GovAbbott his Sen bill 4 is going to hurt too.
You know what would be a good step? Telling @GovAbbott his HB 12 bill won't help finding labor to rebuild TX.
Where the hell you Republicans we voted in been on everything else? Get your asses in gear or get voted OUT old rich man ! Sick of all you!
Sandy: Gonna wreck NJ!
Cornyn: I believe in smaller Gov't!
Harvey: I flooded your backyard.
Cornyn: Uncle Sam Help!
You take and tell others go away.
Waiting to hear your justification of this aid bill, when you fight against aid for other states. We are ALL Americans you hypocrite.
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Don't you get tired of that smell?

Your nose is so far up there.
The @GOP will never get my vote again. You're a bunch of liars and I'm not paying a Gawd Damn IRS penalty for not buying what I can't afford
The pandering is so saccharine-Y sweet.  Eww.
Didn't you deny Sandy funds ?
You and your POTUS have dismal approval ratings.
Last thought.  I'm very glad the little debt problem wasn't skirted for 18 months (after Ted Cruz's little midterm) like you wanted.
Yet U voted AGAINST Sandy aid - and FOUR of ur GOP housemates from TEXAS voted NO against this! All Dems voted YES .. better not 4get #IRMA
Thank God that POTUS decided to get with Dems otherwise we'd still be twittling thumbs.
We will need MORE since TX didn't give a crap about the environment or people.  EPA protections up front cost less.  https://thinkprogress.org/first-responders-sue-chemical-plant-fcf0ddcc05a4/amp/ …
I know that would hinder millionaires from becoming billionaires - oh, the struggle is real for you I'm sure.
Whatever dude
And forever increasing the debt ceiling. Y'all never cease to amaze us.
How about you go to bat for your Texas residents stuck in St Martin right now! #getgauravout
any remorse for trying to deny the sandy victims of the financial help they so desperately needed?
You should talk to the 4 Texas GOPers who voted against aid for Harvey victims. Heartless bastards they are.
Texas voted against Sandy aid for us too. We know it was the Texas reps. not the regular people. That's why we just sent 6 tractor trailers
Thank you. We were mad at our Congressional when they said no to aid for Sandy as well. They are heartless.
Keep this in mind when you vote on aid for Florida after Iris. We'll be watching.
Nice Federal handout #Hypocrite
Today would be a good day to investigate @JohnCornyn.
ugh
Glad to see you so supportive of a Schumer/Pelosi bill. What changed?
@POTUS is doing a great job, but he has to have @GOP support...so do it already
First good thing I've seen him do.  Only took huge disaster.....still doesn't believe climate change?

Lol. Omg. You're so bad at your job.
