We really need to put two progressive, compassionate leaders to fill the Texas seats in the Senate. @JoaquinCastrotx
We will! We R all working night &a day to get that done. We will do it b/c we MUST do it.
U hear that DearSenator "Mailbox is Full"? WeRcoming 4U & all ur dirty  won't help this time.
What a load! Trump moved hard right before taking office, making moves that will hurt the very voters that elected him.
-if you care about your constituents, talk about things that matter. FBI investigation, Intel running 2 WH, ACA, London attacks.
He doesn't care. He is a power broker like Trump. Seriously, He makes Ted Cruz look like a sweetheart. Arrogant SOB.
@chuckschumer Awwww, and just when Rs are trying so hard to commit suicide. 2020 Man. 2020. #YouWorkForUs
being pretty foolish NOT trying to help ur party in light of trumps Russia collusion! Will never be TBD at this rate! Sad!
what does Trump have on you that you would lick his boots so hard? Your behavior is telling.
Cut from the same cloth. Power Brokers. Don't care about people.
Hey, did u hear that story about how Trump colluded with Russia? Has a fairy tale ending...orange traitor in an orange jumpsuit.
I cannot wait! Orange is the New Orange 
When did Trump approach Dems with "outstretched hand?"
You read the New York Post?  Brietbart, too?
UNTIL next election cycle when we start voting out every TraitorTrump loving GOP like you. Maybe you are in incidental too?
Senator, honey, bless your heart. This is pitiful.
Divisive article, divisive tweets. Is this really you, Senator? Or an intern who doesn't know better?
Sadly, he is my SOB Senator. Very arrogant & haughty. "Pride goeth  before destruction".
New York Post??  Really??
Stop being devisive. We are not 2 teams, we're 1 nation. Please care about the USA and demand an independent investigation
I am so disappointed, but sadly not surprised, that you are not calling for an independent investigation #trumprussia
you feeling okay? This is the most ridiculous thing I've read. Meanwhile, you refuse to hold a town hall. #CountryOverParty
Agree. This constituent is not happy with your lack of service to us.
Ur beloved trump is going to actually do away w the GOP! U guys just haven't woke yet! But when u do, Buh bye!
yep. please join me as I donate every $ and minute I can to every opponent sitting Rs will soon face. No longer my party!
. Your will never get elected again
I like how you seem to have 0 supporters on your twitter.
They R all 88 yrs Old. Don't know how 2 tweet. They will B  soon. He will B gone when his term is up.
let me enlighten u my dear Senator, DJT is a traitor, Russian shill & bat sh*t crazy.It is 2 everyone's advantage2 expose him. 
So you admit the Republican Party needs 'saving'? Even though they have the house, senate & presidency. Interesting 
CLEARLY  delusional. And you were a judge??? Hold a town hall and face your employers, coward.
You all need saving?????
maybe instead of replying to this mans ridiculous tweets we could all just start tweeting best ideas for his replacement in 2020
you're unable to defend any of your party's key pieces of legislation, but sure, your constituents really care about *this*.
would that you would call out the traitors
i dont think you have any credibility left, John. Shut up!!!
U guys got ppl in your party thats mess up the country w/your president. If anything Schumer is not going in the sewer w/U!
I get that Schumer is your arch enemy on the playground. However, there are other things that need your attention. #TrumpRussia
By the way, I live in Williamson co.; not a "paid protestor"; just another constituent you ignore.
why are you attacking people? Do your job and stop covering up for trump.
What happened to the spirit of the O'Rourke/Hurd video you shared a week ago? Texans are sick of this petty partisanship. 75238
.@JohnCornyn If a Repub does that like McConnell did he's a great American, but if a Democrat does it, he's stupid... wow youre real smart
...one tear at a time
start packing up your things.  This is your last term.
.@JohnCornyn Cognitive dissonance is one hell of a drug!
is that your excuse for not preserving and protecting the constitution from all enemies foreign and domestic.  #DonaldTrump
Paul Ryan told Nunes to go tell trump...traitors moves
you continue to choose power over patriotism. This #RussiaHearing isn't going away. Independent Investigation coming soon
republican loyalty got us into to this mess...Russia trump independent investigate
when are you going to save our Democracy? We demand an Independent investigation into the #Trumprussia
I can't believe I voted for you. That's a mistake I'll never make again.
Please stop.
I'm sure that plays to your base. The rest of America is seeing the big picture, and it doesn't bode well for the GOP.
@Morning_Joe @GOP I dunno John, I think the Trumpistas and enabling sock puppets are doing a pretty good job of destroying GOP
#cuck
#CountryOverParty Or are we going to hear how you're tied into this soon? STOP defending Trump. Y'all are losing my respect. 
Keep backing the traitors
trump sure ain't!
Unfortunately the Republicans are eating their young. They need to unite and get the work done that they where hired to do.
My focus is on FBI investigation into collusion btw #trumprussia, & the removal of Trump, Sessions, Nunes, dominoes. GOP dump.
nope, you all abandoned our country in support of a corrupt, lying, kleptocrat.  Your party will go down with him.
Did you even read this? You're a Plutocrat not a Republican. True Republicans will repudiate your cruelty and greed. 1/
You don't stand for traditional Republican values. You're a modern day carpet bagger whose subservience to 45 has exposed you.
what the hell are you even talking about? There is an active CI investigation going on in the White House!
God is good. :-)
Keep playing the fiddle there, John.
Don't get too comfy John. Winter is coming.
wrong, comrade.  
You are just trying to change the topic and we can see right through it.
Seriously, John? I guess you don't care about your party agreeing to weaken the Ukraine platform or colluding with Russia.
Meanwhile, ur trying ur darndest t try n save a man who is a traitor to our country. Disgusting.
I think there's a chance you guys are beyond saving. Even us independents are disgusted to the point of no return.
Meanwhile, how's that whole standing by your #ManFromMoscow plan working out for you? Yeah, that's what I thought.
How's it feel to be led by a traitor?
