John, Americans are fed up with you, @GOP putting your party agenda before this nation, your oath to Constitution! Impeach unstable @POTUS!
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Does the GOP AGREE WITH THE PRES ABOVE? ASSAULTING FIRST A. VIOLATING CONSTITUION? BILLS OF ATTAINDER? AGAINST PRESS NFL? PLEASE ANSWER ME
PLEASE ANSWER THE CITIZENS OF THE USA AND CONSTITUTION HE IS ATTACKING. DO YOU REPRESENT ALL AMERICANS OR JUST RE STATES ALT-RIGHT AND KKK
Translation: 'tax cuts will help our wealthy donors & the rest of you  can get stuffed' #resist #NotOnePenny
Are real? You guys must think we're dummies! Go lie to someone else!
We can't trust you until you return to proper legislative order: bipartisanship, full transparency and debate, and a CBO score.
Only if you’re a millionaire or a corporation. Middle class will get screwed again. Do t be fooled by GOP lies.
No, lower taxes usually hurt the economy except when Reagan brought them down from over 50%.
Republicans do your job! We are sick of you living in your swamp.
Translation: "Fairer" = Rich folks get to keep 5 - 7 % more of their paychecks and the rest of Texans & Americans get to keep 1 - 2 % more.
Hey Texas, what's wrong with all income levels getting to keep SAME % more of their hard earned paycheck? Let Senator Cornyn know how u feel
Exactly...one tax rate for everyone. No more freeloading. Cut 50% of Fed Govt Employees as a good start.
No deductions, no tax credits, no corp tax lawyers, no hiding income in pass thru corps,no off-shore accts,etc.,health care included..cool!
Then all we need is Term Limits

Clean up your mess, GOP!
Fair?  What is your definition of fair?

The “small business” is registered to lobby on behalf of one of the biggest expected corporate winners of tax reform https://interc.pt/2yZifLR 
It's not Reform...it's the same Trickle down crap GOP pushed on us before. It's great if you're a millionaire - if not...bend over...
Hey thanks...that'll help when we get sick and go bankrupt because GOP let Big Pharma and Insurance screw us!
Raising the minimum wage would give people a bigger paycheck. #LivingWageNow
That’s a bunch of BS it only helps the rich don’t be fooled by this jerk.
#WATCHINGYOU


BUT - why talk about tax reform when GOP can't pass anything anyway...

Worriesome piece by the AJC's Rhonda Cook: Trump Administration change allows some facing arrest to buy guns http://www.myajc.com/news/crime--law/trump-administration-some-facing-arrest-may-still-buy-guns/I4yhVXMBHbPwSwKfUimJCP/ …
Trickle down economics have NEVER been shown to work. It merely breeds a larger wage gap between the classes, and foments social unrest.
Bullshit. Do people actually believe your lies? Oh yeah, that's how we ended with the #Dotard
The founding fathers never intended for America to have a government that serves the few. The GOP is BOUGHT.

All Real Americans want MORE tax cuts for the RICH! The middle class & poor DEMAND higher taxes so Trump & family can play more golf!
Will it help the self employed?
Lies.  Read between lines.  Most Americans keep $700 while the 1% keep millions. I would rather have services like roads and police
And drive up the debt and the deficit? I thought you hated both. I am a citizen too & I want to pay taxes. My fair share but I like the USA
Thank you for your hard work.  Now, step aside for the next liar to get in your office and fill their bank accounts with lobbyists dollars.
Stop talking and get it done
We'll support tax cuts for lower/middle class, not billionaires. We see through the PR talking points & won't be fooled by them.
Blah, blah, blah...the top 1 or 2 percent, the richest and the super richest will get their cut first, then the corporations will get theirs
and if there’s anything left, it might trickle down to the rest of us...except the poor; as always, they’re SOL.
You know what would help more? Impeaching the fucking psychopath in the WH.
Are you kidding us all?! Do people actually believe you GOPers?!
B.S Alternative minimum is on the block which means the rich pay nothing
We'll see about that but not if its up to Pelosi. She wants to shut the govt down.
You should all be worried about Bannon and his White Nationalist agenda! He's hell bent on destroying the GOP! You should invoke the 25th!
Pass CHIP!
@tedcruz @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump We all know your #TaxReform benefits the wealthy. Tax break for corp only benefit share holders/CEOs.
NO Corporate Tax breaks,NO Repeal of Alternate Minimuim/Estate tax. #NotOnePenny for the wealthy like Trump/his cabinet/administration.
Keep your Senators in line and stop their attacks on President Trump!  Corker, Collins, McCain, Other- put their hatred aside -help Repub's.
Stuff it and pass an affodable healthcare plan.
This is what a lie looks like
Do you think we're fools?  Youre cutting Medicare and giving the big breaks to wealthy!  Trickle down doesn't
Bullshit. Until I see more of my money I’ll believe this. I doubt this. This won’t happen until government cuts spending.
As always lyinCornball, opens his cowardly mouth.
You know damn well “all” Americans will not get a tax cut. In fact, many will have their taxes go up under your plan. TELL THE TRUTH!
Just not this year.!
Hey GOP - still no repeal, no tax reform, many broken promises.  And you want to fight with the President?  Do your jobs and do something!
It's insulting the assumed ignorance Republicans have for the average American .
Please stop lying. Is the @GOP even capable of telling the truth in any of these areas? More trickle-down nonsense. Astrology more reliable.
Does senator conryn think the president is fit for the office
This is a total lie.  80%+ of the tax cuts will go to the wealthy.  Cornyn only wants to line his pockets with donations from the rich.
And pay big cuts to the rich!  Unfair actions!
But mostly the 1%!!!
Get him out before he kills us all!!. Haven’t you been reading his tweets?  
Don't believe what they say.  The CEO's will take the money and not create jobs. Trickle down eco. never worked.  Your @GOP is lying to you.
Tell us again how much corps actually pay in taxes?
Fed min wage hasn't been "reformed" in 8yrs & has only increased $2/hr in LAST 20 YEARS. How bout u guys start with THAT reform??
No it won’t because the tax cuts are primarily for the hyper rich and corporations #trickledown #doesntwork
"GOP tax "plan" will make sure that wealthiest keep more of THEIR 'UNEARNED' $ while & rest of the country can bite it!"
HOLDING WASHINGTON ACCOUNTABLE WE ARE WATCHING! WORK FOR OUR PRESIDENT AND VOTER'S ! PASS OUR AGENDA ! WE HAVE @POTUS HOUSE' SENATE FLOOR!!
Liars. No more trickle-down Reaganomics making rich & corporations richer.
@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins will try to block because part of Trump's agenda. @RandPaul will prob be a no because it won't be "perfect"
Children's health insurance seems more important than tax cuts for billionaires.
Congress no longer represents America.  Look at this visual.   This is not the America I see everyday.
Lies.
Especially the richest ones.
Liar, Liar, Pants on Fire!
#trump #taxreform is a disaster
@GOP #TaxReform a CON. Cuts Medicare by $473B & Medicaid by $1 trillion, all in order to reduce taxes for the top 1%. It’s shameful.
What a bunch of BS. You want a tax cut for your donors or they won't give you anymore money. Middle class/lower income ppl won't benefit
blah blah blah...JUST DO IT!!! #MAGA
Just because you keep repeating this stuff isn’t going to make it true!
#partyofliars #taxCutforthe Wealthy wrapped around tax cuts for the middle class. More lies and bullshit from the fascist party
Only the rich Texans. Everyone else gets screwed.

Cornyn is a useless liar like most of the GOP.
NICE TRY BUT WE AREN'T STUPID
STOP. Lower taxes does not equal more jobs. Sell it as a little more money in people's pockets and increased deficits, but stop lying.
Please, please don’t believe the Republicans, it’s all a lie.
It sure will..the rich! Take a look at GOP plan..
No tax cuts for corporations or the wealthy.
Americans making over 500,000 a year. #TaxReform - NOT REALLY! More like #GetRicherReform
Not according to financial experts! Bill of Goods!
The tax cut you are putting out only helps the rich get richer like DONALD TRUMP and FAMILY.
The 2x standard deduction vs the standard + personal is worse for me, as a member of the vaunted middle class, in the name of "simplifying"
Tax cuts for everyone! Especially those who create value in the economy, most importantly jobs. I never received a job from a poor person.
And the Republican goal of big breaks for the 1% who own your party will be the best. The public sees you.

RT We need dinner details and nothing done in secret #NOSECRETMEETINGS
#Liar
Lies
You "Senator" are a LIAR. I have read the bill. Only ppl keeping their money are the wealthy. #VoteHimOut
more BS from the Republican Party and Trump tax breaks will be only two they're wealthy friends and lobbyist groups ! BS
#GOP is working on tax reform while we want them to repeal Obamacare shrink govt balance budget.  Can’t conservatives replace establishment
This is nothing but smoke and mirrors unless you are a top earner. One has to also ask what programs cut to make up for corporations break?
Founding Fathers put taxes in Constitution to make America strong.  GOP gets votes by weakening America.  See 1929, 1987, and 2008.

Could it be establishment #gop like big government?  #firethemall #teaparty needs a resurgence
Why is congress not living under the same healthcare that they passed for everyone else?  repeal Obamacare #instantsavings #gop
What is being done to curb spending.  Why can’t congress live on what it takes in?  Why are we constantly borrowing money.  US is broke #gop
RT Who will it help most? Elite politicians & donors? Or us # MIDDLE-CLASS folks? You do know, we've heard this before & not seen benefits?
You mean like that great $1000 new car?
This middle class tax payer prefers better government over tax cuts disproportionately benefiting the wealthy. We have a deficit problem!
Hey John why don't you reign in your potus he seems a little unhinged

#TrumpTaxScam 
Your plan appears to most of us to be a tax cut for the richest 1% of Americans...
How about self-employed with LLCs &/or freelance workers?
GOP tax plan captured in a photograph
liars!!!! Trump who has swindled his way around paying taxes & his staff r using taxpayers money 4 luxury. Instead of on Med/ SSD
That is a bald face lie It is a tax cut of over a trillion dollars for the richest of the rich and a tax increase of about 10% to 20% for us
The Estate Tax that you are trying to repeal will cut trillions out of our tax base. Which will increase our taxes to cover it. TEFT by RICH
No it won’t. It only helps your donors
Details ?
Somehow I don't believe you.
Hold lots of townhalls in Texas & provide the devilish details.
The GOP can no longer say they are the party of fiscal conservatives, this will burden middle and low income and increase the deficit
How much will this add to the national debt. Who benefits the most from getting rid of the death tax.



We expect it from Ryan but not Senator Cornyn. Another Senator who chose party over country.


Very disappointed that Senator Cornyn chose to endorse party over best interest.
We don’t believe you John. As long as you do the bidding of the guy in the WH your credibility is in question.
How if the benefits are going only to the rich?
When you tell a lie and no one listens is it still a lie? #stupidshitgopsays
Dead wrong corny. Only top 10% will benefit including you. Vote no.
Nothing more than #wealthcare and the destruction of #healthcare.  We are not fooled.
We all know you're giving billionaires the cuts while making the middle pay for it. 

We deserve leaders who are more responsible.
Working Mom of 3 making $15p/h will see $4.00 a week. Trump will see a tax reduction of $31 million the first year. GOP lies. #Resist
You mean wealthy Texans right?  They're all you care about after all
Liar!
This is not factual. Will add to deficit and is aimed to help wealthy
Tax cuts to spur growth DOES NOT WORK! Just look at the GDP from 2001 to today!  Bush tax cuts began in 2001 & have been in place ever since
Do it but it better be true tax reform that strengthens middle class and Bizs and protects us from Govt. mandates, penalties, & seizures.
BULLSHIT.   this is a cut for the wealthy and will INCREASE the deficit....you know that thing that the GOP keeps bitching about?
Not as much as it will help the wealthy corporations that keep people like you in Congress.  You could care less about the middle class
That is, if we actually cut working-peoples' taxes. We didn't, but IF WE DID they would keep more of paycheck!
All the Senate GOP really want to be stand up comics! They hate Kimel & Colbert cause they know they'll never measure up!
NOPE
The only thing I want you to focus on right now is getting trump out of office. He is s danger to America
Self serving lies. Businesses care about one thing only: quarterly EPS. The quickest EPS fix is using their cash hoard to buy back stock. 1/
The will cut every cost (labor) and corner (taxes) to boost EPS. The LAST thing they'll do is invest in their operations in low growth
You are full of… These are tax cuts for the rich. Middle class & poor people will gain little to nothing, or pay higher taxes. Stop lying!
Cornyn is lying again and knows that the majority of Texans willl not benefit. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and GOP deceptions.
Liar....I did the math for my family and guess what? I don’t get any tax relief!
After balancing the budget, right? We have to pay our bills.
Hurricanes, fires, shootings, wars & this ass numbscull wants TAX CUTS FOR THE RICH.ARE YOU INSANE?"TAX THE RICH-TAX THE RICH-TAX THE RICH!
New #TaxReform hurts middle class: No personal exemptions, children penalized, bottom rates upped, top rates cut, 401K taxed, workers pay 2X investors, pass-thru scam benefits hedge funds, lawyers and certain well-known real-estate magnates
Just another of your lies.
Texans are leaving the Republican Party!
Give numbers, not generalities.
LOL...if that was true why does 80% of tax savings go to the richest 1%?
That is verifiably untrue.
Corny, trickle down didn’t work in the 80’s (top 10% benefited, middle class got smaller) and the proposed budget is no different. Vote NO
How can we trust a party that will not sanction a man who is obviously dysfunctional and possibly delusional.
@potus First we need to see Trump's tax returns!
Pass FAIR TAX at 15% rate then you can say you have accomplished true tax reform. Free Americans from filing obligations, penalties, levies.
As JC stands up there in $2000 suit telling you it will put money in your pocket.
Tax cuts will help the 1% not the struggling,  disappearing middle class.
Funding to Medicare and Medicaid will pay for these , and the estate tax needs to remain as it only benefits the very, very wealthy
These people are lying to the American people. shameful stupidity, or devious plot to destroy this country.
And how do you propose to pay for hurricane aid, wildfire aid, wars we're involved in, infrastructure, debt, medicare, social security, etc?
Tax cuts will help gigantic multinational corporations keep more of their money! #taxreform
Come to Texas and have a town hall with the people you're supposed to represent. Let's discuss taxes in person.
You lie!
Hahahahahahahaha
AND JUST THINK WHAT ALL THE MONEY YOU GUYS WILL GET...CROOKS =GOP
