Which is why our educational system should teach History and not the story or lies taught currently ie..CC never discovered America
What are you gonna say about Trumps remarks???? You are an embarrassment to out state..
Those who don't remember the confederate statues were put up decades after the war during the Jim Crow era as symbols of white supremacy
And the Confederacy seceded from the US. They fired on Fort Sumter.  600K dead in a supreme act of TREASON for "right" to buy & sell humans.
Wrong historian, the civil war was about much more than slavery. Back to school you go.
remember, not Praise and Continue, now you get what you have been doing wrong with your #Hate for non-white, most likely not
Also, I agree with you.  If privileged white men remembered being racist bastards, you think they'd stop repeating the mistake so often.
Voted NO on reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act. (Feb 2013)
Voted YES on constitutional ban of same-sex marriage. (Jun 2006)
You have become a caricature of the sleazy phony politician spouting canned cliches & stale talking points. Time for you to go!

History does not honor traitors.  Robert E. Lee is a prime example of trying to overthrow the US Gov't.  This is not an honorable memory.
We celebrate July 4 but the Declaration of Independence was signed on July 2nd
Think about the statement, Corny, think about what u t doing to enable a racist, a bigot, history repeats, u will go down for your role
Perhaps talk to a history teacher or read a book.
So by your logic, if there are no celebrations of slavery &  white supremacism, there will be more slavery and white supremacism? Huh?
Statues of victims & defenders should b larger than that of culprits In a Museum telling hole story Otherwise scrap repulsive statues CLEAR
The Confederacy was a "foreign" government, not part of my USA. Do you glorify other foreign powers, past or present?
There's a difference between glorifying and remembering. But this is what you get when you're represented by a professional troll.
So are you confessing that you don't remember the past? #hypocrite #ImpeachTrumpNow #NoHate #Resist
We will remember the past on Election Day, 2020! #CanCornyn2020
The @GOP has installed a fascist puppet in the @WhiteHouse - they are clones of the fascists who murdered millions in the Holocaust. In 2020, the Parkland generation will choose America's leaders.
#BringBackTheGuillotine
#RebuildSpandau
#HangTheBastards
So you're going to try for Obamacare repeal again???
African-Americans seem to repeat their mistakes every election keep voting for Democrats that keep them in Urban plantations
You seem to be forgetful that we, as a nation, fought THE NAZIS: "I don't think it's useful to criticize the president," It is necessary to.
Referencing the Holocaust as you let the Nazis roam. How very strange.
Read this:
If you don't condemn Trump's words then we assume you agree. Sad, we have to shine a light on the racism of our president & others.
So let's tear down monuments and statues, NOT! #draintheswamp
The @GOP has installed a fascist puppet in the @WhiteHouse - they are clones of the fascists who murdered millions in the Holocaust. In 2020, the Parkland generation will choose America's leaders.
#BringBackTheGuillotine
#RebuildSpandau
#HangTheBastards
Richard Kerr: "Those who worship the past are condemned to repeat it"
We'll never forget the Civil War. We need more monuments to people like this so we don't forget THEM.

http://m.jacksonfreepress.com/news/2017/aug/18/civil-rights-marker-honors-challenge-library-segre/?templates=mobile …
So true
Tell us the truth

Those who endorse those who make up false stories about the past to defend racism are assholes.
The President of the United States is endorsing a brutal, despicable mass murder...that never happened. https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2016/02/19/donald-trump-praises-hoax-mass-murder-of-muslims.html … https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/898254409511129088 …
Does seem like a lot of your supporters forgot Nazis were the enemy. Do we need Hitler statues?
Interestingly, I've yet to see calls for the Confederacy not to be taught about, just not celebrated publicly.
like right now as people continue to follow a leader who baits them with fear and insecurities -- just like all dictators do

Exactly, so how about properly funding our education system so everyone can get a proper exposure to all of American history?
Elders and history books are for remembering; statues are for revering. #SpeakingOfHistoryYouAreOnItsBadSide
This applies to Nazis, too. Censure Trump.
We remember the past and we ask that those memories of hate, enslavement and treason be placed in a museum, not memorialized in statue
Statues "remembering" racism belong in a museum, not in a park.
If you like that saying, look at @KeithOlbermann's feed, reciting Art Buchwald's column from the 70s - and how Trump is channeling Nixon.
Better. Not perfect, but a definite improvement.
If u actually knew ur history, u would know why those statues were originally erected
And what do you mean? Is this an argument for keeping statues of traitors? Or is this a call for all Americans to read books for history?
I assume you're talking about WWII right?
To bad Senator Cornyn can't practice what he preaches
Those who are apologist for evil are on the wrong side.
This seems like an ironic quote coming from you John.
In the future I will teach my children about how you did nothing in the face of fascism so they are not condemned to repeat your failure.
And I remember the past repulican presidents-they gave tax cuts to the rich & did trickle down economics. It didn't work then-still wont. 
The pertinent "past" re confed symbols is that they appeared in 1920's to 50's as a racial backlash during Jim Crow.  That is their history.
“If you’re not outraged, you’re not paying attention”
not to keep open the sores of war but to follow the examples of those nations who endeavored to obliterate the marks of civil strife
--Robert E. Lee

#KeepTexasRed
Well, there's no statue of George Santayana around here, so I don't believe he really existed
Your silence on numerous wrongs indicates that you are forgetful or complicit.
.@JohnCornyn Are you kidding me? We don't need monuments to remember the past. Stop glamorizing the confederacy. Stop supporting nazis.
Does that mean you condemn KKK,Alt right and white nationalist?
I remember the disaster of Reaganomics, which was the last time the GOP gave us tax reform. Trickle down does not work. Rich just get richer
for promoting hate and bigotry.
as my representative of Texas you have a responsibility to hold anyone including the President
Senator, So as an elected leader will you assure us the KKK and Nazism doesn't take hold. You have been silent when so many have spoken out!
You and Ted Cruz are consistent. Embarrassing Texans, picking party over country, and refusing to speak directly with constituents.
Lets bronze all the trees and place plaques on which black people were hanged. Is there a tree in your own yard! Would you feel nostalgic?
And his name is....don't chicken out show some courage
George Santayana: "Almost every wise saying has an opposite one, no less wise, to balance it."
That's why those white supremacy statues of traitors should be in museums where their true purpose can be shown - Jim Crow intimidation
What was it that happened the last time white nationalists came to power?
Your state media arm, FNC, literally spreads propaganda and lies about history. This is insane and Orwellian. Next level trolling of base.
How about we erect monuments for the victims of Slavery and white supremacy alongside each and every monument to some confederate guy?
Swap remember with learn & you describe the fool  in the Whitehouse the one you support.
3) Today we would consider the confederates as traitors to the country and the constitution. We would not be memorializing them.
2) They're not about remembering the past but about intimidation and fear.
Carlos Santana:  Evil Ways
1) Most of the monuments were erected during the Jim Crow past the rest during the civil rights movement.
Like for example I can't remember a damn thing about WWII because there's no Hitler statues.
You might remind the POTUS we fought a whole war against the Nazis...
Why do we need statues honoring men who fought for a slave empire to remember history.
Stand with Trump!
This is about u standing by 45 who has insulted every single WWII vet. Signed Daughter of an alt left 8th AF navigator
But "to remember" doesn't always and necessarily equate with "to honor."
Then why do you continue to enable Trump. Instead of tweeting platitudes #ImpeachTrump #FireBannonGorkyMiller
So you want to CELEBRATE people who took up arms against the USA?
They belong in a museum, try visiting one. Better yet read a history book. Oh I forgot you can't read. Sad.
Yes, lord, read a book!! There are even picture books about the civil war of that's more your speed!
YOU seem to have forgotten. Stand up to Trump. Now. Corker did it. Why can't you??

Glorifying a defeated enemy isn't learning from the past.
Those are rich words for someone who is supporting a nazi sympathizer.
Tell that to your boy Trump
Then why aren't you calling out your horrifyingly ignorant, white supremacist apologist party leader Trump?
Your confederate party'' not the party of Lincoln is doing that for 157 years reliving civil war.
4 days ago.
Senator, you are now officially a #KKKsympathizer. Your response to Nazis and the KKK is appalling.
Did we leave the Hussein statue standing in Iraq?  Same.  Thing. 

#Charlottesville #statues
PUT. CONFEDERATE. STATUES. IN. A. MUSEUM.

#Charlottesville
Actually don't. Fuck that. Melt them down and read a goddamn book.
#standupagainsttrumphate
We can remember them just fine in text books and museums. They don't deserve to be glorified in parks or on the outside of public schools
I personally can't remember anything unless there is a statue of it in my front yard.
Hey John, has Germany forgotten WWII since they don't have any statues of Hitler?
Those who honor the past of slavery by celebrating the confederacy are advocating the RETURN of slavery; a "HERITAGE" of OWING Black people!
Revering the past and remembering the past is not the same. I remember Nazis were not good.
Yes. So put the statues in a museum dedicated to the civil war.
Stupid is as stupid does...stop supporting the Nazi in the WH #ImpeachDonaldTrump
History is repeating itself because of a failure to condem Nazis. Prior to WWII Europe & US appeased Nazis!!
is this your 2018 campaign slogan?
General George Washington had hundreds of slaves, tear down his Statues and that Washington Monument.
More people should crack open #books! And, stop altering textbooks. That is a real #crime!!!

#KKK data base hacked. Registered members unmasked
US Senators Thom Tillis, @JohnCornyn, Dan Coats & Johnny Isakson.
GoFYS @JohnCornyn https://twitter.com/inxsys/status/898380358105710592 …
John what will you do when Trump resigns and walks away leaving you in your puddle of words?
Those monuments were built to intimidate Black citizens during the Jim Crow era. You should educate yourself.
You mean like when Donald Trump makes historical errors and embarrasses himself in front of the world? Please stand for enlightenment.
@JohnCornyn could be talking about unity and understanding so that the previous dialog that this country needs can be had so we grow strongr
Public statues aren't necessary to remind us of things that've happened. We have museums and books for that. Confed statues glorify treason.
Actually I prefer Twain who is reputed to have said "history doesn't repeat itself but sometimes it rhymes"
I think you all may be taking @JohnCornyn out of context he may be referring to a number of missteps connected to recent events
Nobody's forgetting the past. Want 2 actually do something 2 help folks remember? Increase NPS funding! Shiloh beats a dumb statue any day.
I heard we tore down a monument of King George. It's so sad that no one can now remember who won the Revolutionary War. SAD!
Speak out about POTUS
Are you or are you not a white supremacist? What are your views on equality for EVERYONE?
You're right. We need to replace every confederate statue with a memorial to victims of slavery & jim crow.
Yep, Nazis and KKK are still bad. Why are we repeating them?
So what's your point? This means nothing just sitting here like this. #WeAreWatching
Find me one built less than 25 years after the south lost and we can have a debate else they were monuments to white supremacy.
So true.
Then do something about it. You pathetic senators need an enima. With all the issues, you bozos take a recess. You will lose the house.
#RememberTheConfederateTerroristsLost
I remember you supporting Trump.
That's why we have history books #cowardcornyn. You are complicit with our white nationalist president. Do you see monuments of Hitler?

Good article on the silence of John.

http:// http://www.mystatesman.com/news/opinion/herman-the-silence-the-senior-senator/ovENGb1zucjo2GIiQIuhBP/amp.html …

We know, somehow you keep getting reelected. We're planning on changing that soon.

#In2018 and #in2020
Are you talking about Nazis?  If so, agree
Then why are their still white supremacists and nazis with all these statues serving as a reminder?
So remember the victims not the traitor
I don't think he meant honor traitors so we won't forget them #Charlottesville
Really? You must not remember history because you are still supporting @POTUS & his White Supremacists enabling administration.
Germans don't seem to have a problem remembering the Reich, even without monuments to Hitler, Goering, Goebbels, Rommel, etc.
And those who espouse fantasy in the place of actual history?

Please share your understanding of US history, 1820-1880, Senator.
You mean like this?
Yeah, i tweeted that two days ago, for the second time in six months.
Not many will want to remember the history you are trying to create.  What will your legacy be?  Visionary?  Leadership101.
It's called read a book. There are whole sections of libraries dedicated to the topic. #Idiot
So, I am assuming you have forgotten all of American history by you obvious cluelessness.
Wondering Senator if Mexico has a lot of statues celebrating the Texans who rebelled
The irony of this statement. The group vehemently defending those statues are the people that WANT to repeat a particular part of the past
I agree they should be in museums, history preserved. But if citizens don't want to see them every day on their way to work, so be it
Books, John. Books, in these big buildings called "libraries." & museums. Big buildings that have contextualized works of art. Look that up.
Ignorant
Those whose twitter feeds align themselves to the "all sides" argument are condemned to not be re-elected. Shameful.
What is Montana trying to remember, John?
Montana didn't even exist until three decades after the Civil War was over.  Why in the hell do they have a confederate monument? https://twitter.com/thehill/status/898352768079056899 …
And we remember every cowardly word of support you've given Trump this year.  We won't repeat history. #2018iscoming #DoSomethingGOP
At the same time we should not be made to look at constant shrines/reminders of the atrocities committed against innocent people.
Tell us the history of when and why those statues were installed. Since you think you remember so well.
Remembering the past is different than honoring bigots. Is your plan to Keep blindly supporting the worst president in history?
Then read a book. Statues are meant to honor people.  Same reason we don't have statues of Hitler to remember the Holocaust.

This is why they typically make monuments to the victims of a tragedy. So we remember their suffering.
Two words;  Richard Nixon.  Two more: Abandon ship.
Those of us who do remember it are repeating it as well. Release the tax returns
Are you talking about Nazi Germany and the complacency of the populace? Or about incumbants being voted out?
So statues and plaques glorifying white supremacy are sufficient replacement for decent schools and books? 
An up to date example:  what happened when Kansas cut taxes? Their economy went into a nosedive. Don't do that to the American economy.
If you really believed this you'd fight for US history textbooks that more adequately recounted slavery's legacy of racism and injustice
Your tweet is typical #WhiteSupremacy. You have no place in the government of America. Removing statues is NOT forgetting the past.
whole 'erasing history' bullsh*t is trope. Quick lie pulled outta Trump's ass on links at Bedminster. 
A bad thing is happening in America
Remembering /= venerating
It's the GOP who want to MAGA and take us back to 1950. So read it 100 then do your job and impeach Trump.
Seriously? There's a difference between remembering the past and literally putting it on a pedestal. How are you continually the WORST?
Those who shove our horrible past into its victims faces are at best uncompassionate but just as likely white supremacists. Which are you?
Why don't you immediately schedule a townhall so we can all discuss this?
Food for thought!! Can you get @RepDevinNunes in on that action too? Town Halls for Victory!! 
Wow. Look no further than our state board of education for a real threat to learning or knowing history, Mr Grandstand.
Go study the things your party keeps taking out of our history books!  It's when you don't LEARN about history that's the problem!
Pretty sure your voters will remember this statement.

Posting vague denunciations of racism does not absolve you of the culpability of giving this country Donald Trump.
let's leave up the Lee and Jackson Monuments and replace the plaque to say "Traitor". That way heritage, history,  and beauty are preserved.
We remember Hilter but their r no statues of him!
I remember a lot of stuff and don't have to rely on statues for any of it. Crazy, huh?  Been to a museum?  Read a book?
According to the implication here we should put Nazi statues every other block. SAD!
"Those who can't write their own words are weaklings."
And your point is?
So.. are you saying that we should remember that the Confederacy fought for the right to own slaves? I'm confused.
Is he white? Old? Both?
They've already forgotten. They've become the anti fascist , fascist. Burning books at Berkeley . Not allowing free speech.
Those who cannot learn from the past should not hold public office.
I'm confused... I fo t
Does that mean we should put statues of Hitler, Stalin, pol pot and others throughout the USA? Your logic is flawed and misguided.
Like you??

I hope this tearing down of history will not be allowed in Tx w/out consequences
And we will remember your support of this horrible president always. Never forget. From your constituent.
"Those who don't know their ass from page 5 are liable to make really worthless Senators."
