Remember that you represent every constituent and not just business interests.
But their not using it so it really doesn't matter if they back it.
We don't want this bill!! Don't you care about American peeps especially the elderly that depend on Medicare and can barely afford it now!
Of course you post about a business lobby supporting Trumpcare but ignore all the medical and senior advocacy groups against it. Typical GOP
Wow! No surprise a businesses committee that is interested in making more $$ backs the plan. Making the rich richer plan!
They only care about lining their pockets from the likes of Amway Ponzi schemes
They may back it, but if you polled your constituents, you would find they don't. We want a town hall.
This would be the Senate healthcare bill that you're denying exists on July 7, right Senator?
You are making no sense, sir.
The Chamber of Commerce doesn't represent the common man and those in the low income jobs at minimum wage
quite obvious that you do not care what the people who voted you in think. The medical profession say no to this bill
When you only approach healthcare from a financial standpoint, of course the COC likes it. But healthcare is about sooo much more.
"Rich people who loathe poor endorse death for poor, higher profits for selves." Convincing!
CoC supported the socialist disaster known as 0-bamacare, too.
I back #RepealAndReplace
Why dont you listen to the people of Texas?
Yes why don't you?
The Chamber backs a bill that reduces Medicaid spending by 35%. Please stop lying and own up to your legislation
You don't have a bill.  You couldn't get the votes to pass it.  Now you're back to the drawing board because your bill was MEAN!!
Of course they do! How many members will get a tax cut?  None of them need Medicaid.
@JohnCornyn and the @GOP are prime examples of taxation without representation. GOP refuses to meet constituents.
Come talk to Texans about the bill, Senator
As opposed to the AMA, and every other major American medical association.
You don't represent them...spend some time finding out what your constituency thinks & supports...
How many  unconscious grandma's do you hate? Oh yeah, they don't vote.
Duh. They're experts on healthcare justice. NOT! They're the Profiteers of Injury, Sickness and Dying.  All they care about is ROI.
Are you representing Texans - illegals or refugees????? Just curious!
Duh!
Washington Examiner: FAKE NEWS. Hold yourself to the same high standards you hold your constituents. This seems to your chief source of news
Yet another reason to run away from this poison ASAP!
All the more reason to oppose it.
Looking down feed.  Did even one Texas voter retweet?
So now we have a House and a Senate Healthcare bill, that I assume are different. Where do we go from here?
They would; can't wait for that big tax cut!
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @RepKevinBrady @POTUS @realDonaldTrump   Senator Cornyn, kindly wake up and smell the coffee.  Are you really
Discuss this endorsement @ townhall meetings w/Texas in Texas cities & towns.  Where's the meeting schedule?
Well that's because they're the chamber of COMMERCE and not the chamber of SICK and ELDERLY AMERICANS.

You're heinous.
Very prestigious medical group.  Now we know it will provide good healthcare to all at an an incredibly low price; just like trump said.
Well that's an endorsement from the same group that endorses open borders so they can have cheap labor. So what!
US Chamber of Commerce backs Senate GOP Tax cut for billionaires bill.
Misery loves company.  Trumpcare is a cruel, vicious attack on regular people.  Improve ACA!  Don't repeal!
They would, wouldn't they
The US Chamber of Commerce is the largest lobbying group in the U.S., spending more than any other lobbying org. Guess who they give to?
If there is any truth the Chamber of Commerce backs this, you should be standing outside their door for lying to you just as bad as Cornyn
Again, you work for your constituents - not big business.
Politifact: Mostly False claim that GOP's bill doesn't cut Medicaid  They will do anything to lie for their master and screw YOU!
So big business support is important instead of it losing the support of all healthcare groups? Not cool.
Folks, ignore this greedy, lying person who calls working for the people.  He works to line Trump's pockets and his.
Cornyn the Trump/Russian puppet loves to support legislation that will kill Americans. He loves to go against Americans
But which MEDICAL GROUPS endorse this plan?
Since @realDonaldTrump the  @GOP doesn't even try to hide the fact that their votes are bought and paid for.
17% of Americans approve of your Healthcare Bill...17%...this is your constituency...who you work for & represent Senator
I'd be fine with Johnny getting all 17% of the vote when his term is up.
US Chamber of Commerce backs business over people so no bid shocking surprise there @JohnCornyn
So you weren't going to let anybody delay the vote on Trumpcare, right Johnnie? Just goes to show you how out of touch you are
Well golly John, that's one. Good for you.
Duh! rich business types, want tax cuts, don't give a damn about workers & never have. Now JC, what did the AMA say? Right, they said NO
AARP, AMA etc all against it...clutching at straws
I don't want a tax cut. Use that money to provide affordable healthcare to EVERY American. Medical expenses are #1 reason for bankruptcies.
So what, the @USChamber of Commerce also supported the House's ACHA. They're horrible that way.
Your constituents don't want this bill.
@AmerMedicalAssn @AmerAcadPeds  @ANANursingWorld OPPOSE it #CBO has spoken:So who do you trust more #USChamber or #Medical professionals?
I'm glad big biz likes it Johnny Boy. But unfortunatly, every major doctor's group, hospital association, and patient advocacy org does not
Baloney.
John Cornyn is way up the Koch Bros a-He has been riding on the bucks of oil & gas lobbyists for decades with his hand in the till.Vote2018
Yes but AMA, American Cancer Society, Hospital groups, Nurse groups=actually no patient care groups support it, who cares what COC says?!
But not a single medical or patient advocacy organization does. Nor does the AARP.
when the Chamber of Commerce backs a healthcare plan over the American Medical Association, it's *not a good healthcare plan*
John, u do realize the CoC is for business not people right?

Sir, this argument actually hurts your case.
your constituents don't. Fairly simple. Even you should understand.
So corporations love it. What about doctors’ associations? Or nurses’ associations? Or dentists’ associations?
Well duh they don't want to fork over to buy insurance for employees.  Dumb
They're the only one
Let's see. They oppose mandates, and  the article lists all of the MEDICAL experts who oppose the bill because of the damage it will do.
Only 17% of Americans support this disastrous bill.
Hello? Have you checked your constituent call tallies pro and con? We are not the C of C, & it doesn't represent us.
That's ONE!
End reconciliation and fix our healthcare system. 
#NotAHealthCareBill
Are you going to leave your constituents are in the heat this coming week?
Well that says a lot! Tax cuts for the wealthy!
What a surprise. Do any patients or providers back your "healthcare" bill?
another poll of actual Americans - a measly 12% support it. Wanna know why, it is one of the most hateful HC bills
But are your constituents behind the bill? We're the only ones who matter. #NoBCRA #SinglePayerNow
Tone deaf
Association of businesses backs bill to increase dividends. American Medical Association, AARP, and majority of Americans strongly oppose.
So what  #cowardcornyn
They are the only major organization that does. AMA doesn't coz it "does harm," to ppl/patients. #AHCA only benefits very rich.
We have money for the military but none for Medicaid smh
A bipartisan discussion would be a start.
The AMA, whose mission is "the betterment of public health," does not back your healthcare bill. @AmerMedicalAssn #Healthcare @SenSchumer
AMA = No, Nobel Prize Economists = No, American Public = No, But John Cornyn thinks it's great.
STOP.....just stop! Ur HC plan is an appalling piece of clandestine BS....12% are for it! Good god man! Open ur eyes! These tweets r crap!
I've also heard that investment bankers favor repeal too, but I think that's because they'd benefit from repeal of tax on net invest income
Yeah, no more employer mandate
US COC is definitely the foremost expert on the American health care system...
Still does not make it right!
Even tucker Carlson gave @SpeakerRyan a hard time about it.  Only 17% approval rating.
You finally found a supporter! Wow. One does exist.
Poor people, invalids & children aren't throwing back bad cocktails at chamber events.
Congrats! A right-leaning, conservative, POLITICAL mag w a readership that averages over $500k/yr endorsed the bill...SHOCKER!
US Chamber of Commerce...largest lobbying group in the US. Fighting healthcare and labor forever.  But cool, if all u care abt is the top 1%
Your health care bill blows.
ANOTHER REASON NOT TO PASS IT!!!!! Please do better by us.
Who cares? We're the ones who will be affected by it, and what we see is that it does nothing to fix the problem of high healthcare costs.
It just makes it possible for insurance cos to sell us junk policies. For once I agree with Rand Paul: this is an insurance company bailout.
End  of employer mandate will allow them to cut costs, adding more to the 22M CBO est! Congrats lets celebrate. 5 years flys by,then bye bye
Perhaps we should debate quantum physics, or something simple like whether 2+2 really equals 4.
US Chamber of Commerce also driving force AGAINST e-verify to continue to exploit illegal labor. Your point?
Oh good. You have found someone who supports this monstrosity. But wait, the chamber of COMMERCE you say?! What a surprise. Not.
Too bad no Texas republican support it, we will see to it you don't get reelected, support #FullRepeal
Oh yay, more from that fake news website.
Bought and sold just like @SenateGOP.
#sorrynotsorry
So surprising that the guys who will benefit in their pocketbooks are for this bill. #ClassWar2017
Did you tell it is an $800B tax cut for the rich? Did you tell them it's going to destroy Medicaid for the people who depend on it? I bet no
Shocker. You're gonna pay them.
Seriously!!
That's a good thing?
Why should we care what a business thinks?
Something needs to change. Just found out today you can't purchase a PPO policy unless in a group & good luck finding a policy with a co pay
Chamber of commerce are healthcare experts now?
Oh, and if U don't, be sure we will vote you out in 2020. #WePromise
Endorsements by insurance co and chamber. That's just rich.
And still...most of your constituents don't. You are supposed to care about us, remember? #WeAreWatching #2020
I think I would rather follow the recommendation of the AMA about healthcare than the chamber of commerce.
Yes, @JohnCornyn come on home this weekend & have a Town Hall & #ListenToYourConstituents & see how much they want U to #VoteNoOnTrumpCare!
They represent businesses and boy, wouldn't they make out like bandits if it passed. Try again Senator. When grannies aprove, then we'll see
Cornyn: "The COC is who we should consult about health. And visit a dentist when you need auto repairs."

Narrator: "Can he hear himself?"
One of how many?  Bless your pun'kin head! Aww, you finally got one.
Cornyn: "The COC is who we should be listening to on healthcare, not the AMA! I know what I'm talking about!"

Narrator: "No, he doesn't."
So, will they increase salaries so that thier employess could afford the insurance?
& how about us? What do your constituents think about you giving tax breaks to the 1% & killing Medicaid? Perhaps a town hall to find out?
And that is why we don't.
then they are thrilled for people and businesses to die just like you are.
Fvcking shameful. From @kylegriffin1: Center for American Progress shows Medicaid losses for vets by state per CBO: http://ampr.gs/2sjDZOO 
Not a single medical organization supports it! AARP IS AGAINST IT TOO.
that surely puts it over the top.  U want to pass it for them or for the other 88% who know that this bill will devastate their life?
Sure, because they can give their employees worse insurance
Is the GOP senate going to be under the same healthcare as we are?With the age tax and the caps and all the crap.No your not
I am a working, middle class citizen! I live in Texas and I vote!!  #NoBCRA #HealthcareIsAHumanRight #HealthcareNotWealthcare
DO NOT CARE When did they become experts on my healthcare??? John just let it go GOP doing healthcare is like a snake taking care of a bird
And your constituents don't.  Public support is less than 20%. 

Do you even believe in a representative democracy anymore? Sickening.
Find a medical organization that supports.  You can't.  What does that say?
Show some care for those who only want to be able to afford to go to the doctor! We vote! No to tax cuts for the wealthy! #NoBCRA #Resist
Do you think they would have supported an ACA fix that helped small businesses (50) provide healthcare to employees? Their votes v Kochs' 2.

well WE THE PEOPLE do not. Represent us not politics.
We don't give a rats ass about the US Chamber......unless they want to pay for our healthcare. 
Well congratulations you finally found someone that likes it! Geez you have lost all sense of decency! Rethuglican
Quit trying to defend what is indefensible. Work with Dems to fix ACA. Drop this stupid petty quest to sink anything tied to Obama!
Hold #TownHall & meet with your constituents #shamelesscoward #TownHallDodger
Stop treating healthcare like it's a fucking business, do you represent the people or not?
That's a great detail you can bring up at a town hall. When will you be holding one here in Texas?
I really want to know, Senator, why people should go bankrupt if they get sick. Please don't pretend it isn't happening because it is
Nothing I read indicates it will help premiums. Sure, maybe less (no convinced) expensive but no guarantee caps etc won't come back
Does nothing to reduce costs.

Few of your real constituents want it, and you've shown a fundamental lack of concern about us
Oh... you mean the lobbyists? Are you really that stupid Johnny boy?
Repeal!!
isn't the healthcare bill supposed to be backed by THE MOTHER FUCKIN PEOPLE????
If chamber of commerce is backing it that means it's terrible for American public. CC is one leftist org
This is why
By order of the president???
What? Thats like saying the BBB approves of the bill. Who cares? Why are they relevant? Its literally just another group of rich white dudes
Really? How do your consituents feel, Mr
 ELECTED Official? Hold a townhall and find out.
He wouldn't dare. He's only brave enough to tweet #FakeNews, just like his Dear Leader does.  He's not original enough to invent a hashtag.
Of course the Chamber of Crony Capitalism wrote it didn't they John. McConnell takes orders from them and you take orders from McConnell.
r they payn for the poor to hav healthcare. in other words " WHO CARES"
Wow!!! 72,500 vets lose coverage under this plan. Nice work senator. Glad to see you support our vets. #MAGA!!
You're insane and hurting people. The @GOP must go ....
Probably because it lets employers drop coverage for employees
Why no buying across state lines?  Thought that was the idea?
AMA, AARP,  Hospital Assoc., Heart Assoc., Psych Assoc, AAP, etc. oppose it strongly. Healthcare experts not the healthcare profiteers.
That's scary.  They also backed Hilary.  Sounds a little "Swampy" to me.
C'mon Senator. Call a spade a spade. If you're willing to throw millions of Texans to the wolves, at least be intellectually honest abt it.
Cornyn has lost all ability to be truthful.
LOL of course they do, they don't know anything about healthcare LOL. wow what an endorsement, Check with AARP, AMA hospital associations.
Because they don't want employers to be made to offer affordable insurance-though your bill doesn't help folks with no work access.
what about regular Americans, do we not have a say? screw what everyone else thinks or feels.
Hold a town hall and see how many Texans back the Senate Healthcare bill.
You know who doesn't support it John? Texans. Texans & and citizens of 49 other states don't support it. Like we won't support u in 2020.
#turntexasblue
duh..  and why wouldn't they? those crooked bastards are funding the GOP's AHCA death squad in hopes of a generous tax break ...
If I have learned anything about chambers today. They are stupid and don't have interest for anyone but their own
