Dems DID have a plan: Single Payer. R's didn't like it so went w/ Plan B: ACA. R's don't like THAT. How many Dem plans r enough?
BTW, I think it's time for Dems to propose single payer again, just to get the discussion going. How 'bout that?
It's clear our Rs don't know how to actually DO anything. Their speciality only lies in obstructing & blaming.
SO true!
where were your big ideas when #ACA was being developed? you're 8 years too late to join the struggle. #TrumpcareIsWorseThan
Like the @GOP helped the Dems for 8 yrs? Sorry. This is your baby now. But remember, #YouBreakItYouBoughtIt #trumpcare #gopcare
we agree #trumpcare is a disaster.
Your tonedeaf arrogance is astonishing. 78750
GOP came up with a worse plan than we have in place now - may not even make it to the senate.  All Americans deserve healthcare.
You may be a complete tool but we're not!
If you won't even listen to your own constituents, why are you pretending you'd listen to Dems?
@TXDemocrat @JohnCornyn @washingtonpost THIS IS HILARIOUS! I live in Texas and he doesn't listen to us. It's getting deep in here.
you would not have listened. You did not reach out. You have the majority, and you are blaming the minority?
Ridiculous, why should the Dems help bail your party out of the disaster you're working so hard to create. Leave ACA alone.
They did while you sat and did nothing for 7 years to offer something better.  You should be ashamed of yourself.
we did, it's called ACA, and it would work if GOP would help fix it instead of stonewalling
Are you not old enough to remember the first Dem plan, then the ACA and the nonexistent Rep plan all those years?
They did. You call it Obamacare.

Oh, that's too rich. Y'all opposed the ACA from day 1 and didn't have a replacement ready? Where was your solution all along?
ACA was dem plan. What is yours? Oh ya, 7 yrs and the AHCA. Wealthcare and starving seniors. It is time for you to leave DC.
We offered a GREAT solution, universal health care; YOU rejected it. Our ACA is a fine system, if y'all quit obstructing it.
They have.   ACA.   #LastTermCornyn
they just want to see how bad GOP screws it up
are you @$&$?! Kidding me???
ummmm where have u been the last 8 years... did u miss the solutions they have been trying to propose?
solutions were made with the support of Obama Care. What solutions have you offered in the last 8 years?
@TXDemocrat @JohnCornyn @washingtonpost where is our town hall John????
Oh honey, we liked the ACA. Medical care just costs money. Maybe fewer fighter planes, not needed, dear.
no one is pretending the ACA is perfect but there is not a prayer the Rep majority is going to support Dem modifications.
Agree however most vocal was @SenTedCruz and that's all he screamed was "repeal" no solutions. Payback KARMA is difficult 

@GOP
@TXDemocrat @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz @GOP Ted Cruz and John Cornyn combined wouldn't make one decent turd sandwich
What world do you think we live in?  We were witness to your lies about ACA.. zero contributions.. 7 yrs without any proposals.
Dem solution is increasing states medicade obligation. This facet was not complicated, or single payer. Also, not complicated.
Democrats offered the ACA. What more do you want John? Make a move to reach  across damn aisle. #PutUpOrShutUp
Silence? They've worked their butts off for the last eight years, while the #GOP obstructed...and then obstructed some more. Pls
They've been working eight years plus if you count HRC trying to get Unv Health Care in the 90s #MedicareForAll
that's the pot calling the kettle black. Repubs had 6 yrs to come up w/solutions. Did you? No. Obstructionists @washingtonpost
@TXDemocrat @JohnCornyn @washingtonpost can you call repubs re-putins from now on?  #GorsuchHearing
remember this tweet.  lol. you guys have the House, the Senate, aaaand the White House, and still you couldn't muster the votes.
You've only offered ways to insure LESS people. Going backwards is not a plan. You're in no position to point fingers.
If I reply to Senator Cornyn, does anybody see it?
They did. It is called #ACA   You have had six years and your plan will ruin people's lives. #EpicFail
Senator, YOU wrote the rules on disengagement, the Dems wrote the ACA. Remember, or do you suffer from dementia?
ACA was Mitt Romney's skeleton plan and worked with the dems which GOP refused HC for us.
It's called the Affordable Health Care Act you DICK! You're a clown  just like your boy:
Or maybe y'all should have been thinking about that while you spent 7 years trying to repeal a bill that helped millions... nah?
GOP has had 8 years of whining.  Where is there fix???
The same as Republicans did during Obama admin?
Yes. Like the Republicans helped so much before. It's different now isn't it John? The shoe's on the other foot.
Oh, that's rich! What have you done for years?
, you and your ilk offered OBSTRUCTION on this issue for years. See if the AHCA will cover the hypocritectomy you need so badly.
During the last # of years YOU & GOP never tired of trying to repeal ACA. You said you had a better idea! Now, time to deliver!
Since you asked - single payer.Everyone has same benefit.Trump can keep his promise & maybe the presidency.  U can reap credit!
LMFAO you mean like the ACA?
BWAHAHAHAHA hiyas kettle
Here's your solution. ACA ain't broke, don't fix it. GOP #makingamericabrokeagain
Where were you and the @GOP for 7 years, John? How can anyone take you or the #PartyofNo seriously on healthcare? #TrumpCare
..They did..
From "out here" it feels like they have been iced out by 45/GOP. Real bi-partisan conversations on how to universal care? Do it.
hypocrisy
#SinglePayer !!!!
really? Nothing new is great at first crack. ACA was a good start. Why not improve that, rather than gut it leaving folks worse
Personal responsibility
WE DID have a solution. One you fought for years! @GOP SAID you could do better. Sad.
We do. If only you would listen.
You hypocrite! Why aren't you working with Dems to improve ACA? You Repugs stonewalled for 8 years, now you blame them? Ass.
Um, isn't it you who want to make the changes? If so, isn't it up to YOU to extend your hand first & ask for help?
This tweet is a joke, right? You can't possibly say that seriously.
Where were you on this issue for the past eight years?
pot calling the kettle black, loser
Reply to @JohnCornyn Wow, you are one disingenuous little squirmy political grubworm, arent' you?
stop twisting the story, you bitched for 8 years and now want to blame the democrats for not having answers you don't have????
Calling all angry Texans: May 6 this year is the next round of elections. Still time to apply as a candidate, too. Save the date
you mean the way you offered silence for the past 8 years.  Where have you fools been?  You had all this time!
what? They already have smh
De ja vue all over again. Isn't that what GOP did when ACA was drafted? You are such a hypocrite!
We did...it's called the Affordable Care Act
.@johncornyn You and @GOP show your true colors. Telling the poor, women, vets, minorities and the elderly they don't matter. Hell awaits.
It's called the ACA, and it keeps MILLIONS OF AMERICANS INSURED.
@JohnCornyn - sure thing, the Dems know how to do this if the GOP needs help.  Did you need the new plan to include coverage for affluenza?
Nope- it's your turn to shine. Let's go, come up with something genius. Not so easy is it?
Do tell, Senator, what insightful solutions you've offered over the last 5 years. Or have you completely sold your dignity?
lol. Your interns crack me up.
You are such a hypocrite. You and your cronies offered nothing on health care for years.
it's called Obamacare.  Republicans are in charge now and you had 7 years to come up with a better idea. #doyourjob #Trumpcare
you are a hypocrite
Are you for real?  ACA was our solution.  You represent us and yet you are this out of touch?  I vote in TX
They did. It's called the ACA. #Trumpcare #Republicare
Yeah, it's not like they've been trying for most of a decade and you lot kept blocking everything because ERMAHGERD SERSHIALISM
I have been screaming at you #singlepayer, keep the ACA, anything but the tax cut for your rich friends you are trying to sell!!
- The plan Congress has. For everyone, no exceptions. Not hard!
Governing is hard, isn't it? Rs were there at the inception of ACA then decided to work against it. GOP broke it and bought it.
we had a solution. Called it the Affordable Care Act. How quickly you forget.
DEMS having being trying to get decent health care through Congress for most of my lifetime. GOP always ops for No Way. TRUTH.
A solution from constituent; all of Congress should lose their health insurance until they provide the same insurance to people.
This solution was told to me by a very angry, very depressed voter in Texas who has had enough of the bull. Sounds good to us!
Here's a solution-fixes to the ACA!  Do not repeal and replace/millions will suffer. We will remember at next election zip76302!
allow all to buy into Medicare? Bet Ds would give in on Medicaid work requirements and state lines for that
Medicare is broadly popular, understood and efficient...why not?
Why don't you realize what you offered was created in about 3 late nights at the office!  Like a bad school paper
is this lousy #tRumpcare that EVERYBODY hates except you all because your pockets are nicely lined.
I want universal healthcare, just like my friends abroad have.
In lieu of universal healthcare, I like the ACA. That's my solution. It's basically Romneycare.
If a GOP president had been the one behind the ACA, you'd love it.
That being said, all the solutions the article offers up was proposed and shot down by Republicans
this article makes a good point. Dem need to be front and center saying "hey the Rep are messing stuff up, we got a better way".
Single payer was their plan, ACA was the compromise.  It's the GOP offering nothing.
like u did right?!
#SinglePayerHealthCare #healthcareisahumanright. Our health care system is serious flawed. Solution and reason all in one tweet.
Democrats don't even read health care bills before they vote on them, how can they help
it also helps if you'd answer your phones and host a town hall.
you've had years to write a better bill and you haven't. This is all on the GOP.
And you should offer a solution that doesn't cut medical care for millions of Americans to give a tax break to the wealthy.
#affordablecareact 
Are you serious? What have you done to come up with a plan over last 7 years and multiple attempts to repeal?
but I thought the Republicans had the answer? @realDonaldTrump said he can "fix it".. did u ask him?
Sir, the Dems HAD a solution years ago & the GOP fought every step. That's how we got the current system. Work together, please.
They learned it from you dad. #hypocrisy
you must be deaf then.
ACA was such a GOP plan that you have nowhere to go. But I like single payor. How about that?
Stop the derisive behavior and listen with an open mind. Make the first move, stop the current bill and work with Dems on change
really?  Republicans haven't exactly been willing to listen. All you current guys (Dem & Rep) should all be voted out of office
please stop blaming and do a better job
Stop blaming other people for your incompetence.  You have House, Senate, and White House.  Lead, follow, or get out of the way!
@TXDemocrat @JohnCornyn when do we get our town hall John???
AS IF Republicants would agree with any proposed Dem solutions...LMAO
Why don't you go talk to some of them privately. Start politicking; isn't that the way things work. Offer an olive branch.
like the Republicans did for the last 8 years??  Hypocrite.
shoe on the other foot, herr senator?
are you kidding? Fix the ACA. WTF!
you are a hypocrite. Why don't you find solutions to fix the parts of the ACA that aren't working? Your healthcare bill is shit!
They're silent because you are not listening anyway!
Democrats offered a working solution seven years ago. All you know-nothings have ever offered is to strip millions of insurance.
Single payer
Democrats solution *is* the ACA, but you & your fellow republicans undermined it at every turn. No one wants repeal or replace.
would you even listen if they did. You have not listened for the past 8 years not expecting that to change.
Agreed for once.  You should offer an olive branch and not forked tongue more often.
Oh this is so funny. Now the #GOP wants help with their homework from the nerds.
Just do your fricken job and lead!!! Cmon grow th FFF up!!!
We have solutions, Sen. National #Healthcare  is working in most developed nations, controlling costs and providing for all.
What would be referred to as #Obamacare , aka the affordable care act #ACA ...
why do we have to clean up your mess?
@SenSchumer call @JohnCornyn 's bluff. Call his bluff. Demand a promise that they'll have the CBO score it, then put forward Single Payer.
.@JohnCornyn after he found out nobody likes GOP health care
maybe they are waiting for #TrumpTaxReturns #Trumprussia to be addressed.  Why are you silent on that?There is the ACA.Fix that.
We are far from silent - Single payer. Also ACA is a solution (at least a better one then yours) and it's already in place
Pay attention, John. Until pluts drop repeal, Dems can't join. You want them to start over under just your rules
After years of Plutocrat obstruction, you're going to need to put the people first and provide a path to Dems
health care costs need reduction for individuals.
lowering the deficit doesn't lower individual health care costs.
wake up!
lots of glass in that house you are throwing stones in. I do agree, but GOP isn't in a credible position to make the statement
Disagree. Your party is in the majority. It's YOUR turn to put forth some ideas and solutions. Do your job.
I think they would be very willing  to work with you to fix Obamacare. I think they have said so repeatedly.
Democrats aren't going to bail y'all out when you take everyone's health care from them. Nope, you'll own that Bubba.
single payer, expand medicaid
You've got a ding-dong running your Twitter account.
Single payer
it's called the ACA.
you can't fight to kick players off the court then get mad when they leave with their ball.
You had 7 years to come up with something instead of whining.  Now that you caught the car what are you old dogs doing? Whining.
they have. It's the ACA & many of your constituents value that program. Pls refer us to your talking points on the issues w ACA.
Great idea. Hope Republicans  listen and aim to work  with the Dems #bipartisanship
Once again, #MedicaidForAll 

You're welcome.
Hey, how about what you have? We can discuss it at your next #TownHall
republicans should offer a good bill!
Pot, kettle. You can *see* our conservative approach. It would work better if your governors would accept Medicaid.
but seriously, GOP Dark Crystal program will literally suck the life from people. @TomPerez we need single payer
Here are 2 solutions:
1. Public option to increase competition
2. increase penalties & enforcement of indiv. mandate so healthier pool
republicans should offer solutions,  not just boise.
you should offer us an apology, then make with some tacos. Also, Anderson Cooper wants his profile picture back.
We did, it was called ObamaCare ! Hey, what happened 2 the investigation on @USAGSessions ?
Rs should listen! What real solutions have you come up with? Get off the party line and #DoYourJob
y'all finally caught the car. Time to quit barking and get to work.
You had how many years? To offer solutions? And opted for pure obstruction? Hypocrite. #nocredibility #DoYourJob #trylistening
you're kidding, right? GFY
 so glad you're really rooting into this stance, Corny. Anti-intellectual counters to criticism will be a great enduring legacy
We did.  It passed.  Whatever comes next is squarely on you and your party.  We can discuss at your #TownHall if you ever man up
Johnny is a Conservative Christian, and proof that Conservative Christians make the WORST Politicians
...I still think it should be based on household income
your hypocrisy amazes me. For 7 years you criticized Obamacare and then you tweak it by ignoring cost and who is covered.
Beto,Castro,Davis! far right base shrinking.Prez doesn't have mandate. Mods, Dems, & left r energized. U want 2B so rancorous?
Offer solutions?
Damn man they already did: it's called the ACA! The very bill U refused to offer "solutions" to
maybe you should listen a little closer to your comment feed.
are u serious? Appears u get news from Breitbart, so I can see why u mistakenly think that. But u can't stick ur head in sand.
