Aetna/Coventry quits Obamacare in AR, AZ, CT, FL, GA, IL, KS, KY, LA, ME, MI, MO, NC, OH, PA, SC, TN, TX, UT, and WV for 2018. #ItsWorking 
On the contrary, your "D" colleagues are fighting the coverage losses and price increases you "R"$ propose, tooth and nail. BTW...
BTW,,, When does the Koch bribe  money start flowing into "R" members PACs to secure the necessary votes?
#Shame
Protesters with disabilities stage a "die-in" over cuts to Medicaid outside of Sen. Mitch McConnell's office. 
This is unfathomable. FIGHT AND RESIST
@MrMikeMac
John why do you want to destroy the middle class & deliver a death sentence to the elderly, disabled, & those with pre-existing conditions
To serve his Big Oil & Big $$ interests. Never mind that our Dem is slipping into authoritarianism. Cornyn's protecting that, not US
But I'm cynical.
As you should be

#radicalwhitechristianextremists
#AltRightTerrorists
@kerpen want to talk coverage, John? Your campaign donor buds aren't telling you while story.
"attenuate the US opioid crisis is not part of the agenda of the health insurance industry"
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4370920/ …
WORK with the D's to come up with Healthcare that actually covers people.  We don't need a tax break for the top 1% paid for by deaths.
We know the GOP owes their super PACs money but you figure out how to pay YOUR bills to them, and NOT with our healthcare.
You lie as much as your boss.  You sabotaged ACA so you could give tax breaks to the wealthy!  Read this!  https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/opinions/the-gop-masterminds-behind-obamacares-death-spiral/2017/03/14/ad798b5a-08ed-11e7-b77c-0047d15a24e0_story.html …
True, but Trump is not his boss, we the people of TX are.
Voter turnout in TX is abysmal + Rs get elected cause they pander to the ones that always show up to vote: white, conservative, Christian.
How many Dems were on the task force? Refresh my memory
Because your plan sucks!  Fix Obamacare not repeal.  I vote in TX!
Gay
So your version of help is to up premiums, cut Medicaid &Medicare&help the rich? Perhaps if bill was written with debate and humanity...
Seriously John? GOP is in control of everything. come up with a plan that doesn't hurt millions of Americans and maybe Dems will be on board
Only the rich can afford your kind of "help".
John Cornyn, you help no one but yourself and you will keep your seat, because Texas is so gerrymandered!
John you've got to be kidding! Here are your thirty pieces of silver for the betrayal of the American people. You ought to be ashamed!
Gootcha Michael! Talking against the D party is a betrayal even though the talk is truth? This is a major problem within the D party !!!
Well, I'm not a member of the D party and John Cronyn is a Republican... but, sadly, there is truth in what you say.
You won't let them fix it unless you can hijack it to make it worse or to give the rich a tax break. Don't feign sympathy for the people
Oh no you don't!  It's your fault.
Dems?  GOP obstructing 8 yr!  GOP simply cannot govern for anybody but the rich.
You didn't include them now you want to blame them?  Listen to your constituency.  Arrogance, Hubris or tone deafness?
ignore the dems...gop needs to take control of healthcare agenda.  lead and dems will follow as they are defeated. stop whining about dems
How about you vote to give the same Congress/Senate health care package that you enjoy to us les Miserables?
Listen John. I'm really tired of you acting like you care about us. You had a chance to prove it and you come up with a shit plan like this?
Just stop already. Your approval is in the toilet. You've already exposed yourself for who you really are. Just...stop.
He thinks we're just stupid.
Well, a good percentage of the state did elect him once. I guess he thinks it'll always be so?
Demographics are changing. The internet exists, 2 year degree recipients are getting more common, and Texas is getting more transplants.
And Trump happened. The Great Motivator.
Can confirm. I gave half a shit this time last year. Now my life is on the line and being sold to the highest bidder.
Yep. That, and I think a lot of us are seeing the callousness and corruption of the GOP in general. You expect some. This is beyond.
And your party did nothing to stabilize the market, this is why insurors are jumping ship. #Resist #DumpTrumpCare
Lol good one. You're nothing but an OBSTRUCTIONIST. SAD!
#FullRepeal  Get Govt out of healthcare
#ADCA #AmericanDeathcareAct
You seem so confident in your bill. . .please come see us face to face to talk about it. This is shameful.
That is blatantly untrue. This partisan nonsense is unbecoming, sir.
That is the majority of what his tweets are. It's sad and polarizing; it has paralyzed our nation.
He's a highly visible troll.
lol. i've said the same many a time. "johnny the troll."
let us know when you guys hold insurance companies accountable...
Lies. Shame on you and your GOP colleagues.
Wrong! Sad! The dems want to improve access to healthcare. You want to cut it to help your rich donors. Shame on you! #78749
search outright lies. you really should be ashamed of yourself. but I do find you absolutely lacking a conscience so it is fitting
YOU. ARE. DISGUISTING. do you refuse to lift a finger to amend this "death panel" bill? You animals. The @GOP must go. We deserve input ...
#Shame
This is the seminal image of our battle. She’s being arrested for protesting ACA repeal outside McConnell’s office. https://twitter.com/desiderioDC/status/877914158787842048 … 
True, but is more blame...NO leadership!
#HelpIsOnTheWay because you won't have insurance at all! Why are rates going up? Uncertainty. That's what the actual insurance companies say
Maybe if you weren't sneaking around in the dead of night holding secret meetings there would be some bipartisan effort
Yes, you are all douchebags
Well, they really are the "Death Party". They egg it on through their constituents.
You are kidding, right?
YOU DID THIS. You and your GOP colleagues have dissembled about the law, undermined it through SCOTUS fights, underfunding and uncertainty.
GOP started quitting the ACA long before election. The Deathcare bill will certainly make your Insurance/Pharma companies rich
YOU'RE SUCH A DAMN LIAR!!!! YOU control the house and senate! Hopefully Americas are smart enough to see through your LIES!!!
They are losing coverage because you all demonized ACA for 6 years and let it be known you did not care
That's because R's are not allowing them to help.  Nice how you pick and choose elements of reality to suit your possessions.
@kerpen #anyonebutcornyn2020
@kerpen OMG, if u really cared u won't sabotage ACA & u would work with dems to really fix! #StopTrumpcare
What are you doing to lower insurance premiums other than making essential benefits optional?!
Your plan is #WorseCare
Sen. Schumer just recently shared publicly a host of letters ur D colleagues have written to R leadership on getting involved in the issue
Repeal oba ma care
Don't do this, John.
Interesting how it's practically a #redstate list.
The @GOP broke it, now you own it. It's now #GOPDoesntCare
Have you no shame, sir? At long last, have you no shame?
Liar
Talk to your Governor
Trump voters are stupid
Yes, we are hanging you out to dry.  You broke it, you own it.
Aetna is garbage. And you control Congress. Where have your solutions been for the last 7 years? I'll hold...
This is the GOPs fault. You introduced this risk to the healthcare market. Your lack of empathy will kill tens of thousands a year. Shameful
Liar
We shall stand by the sidelines no more. Nov. 6th we will be at the polls to vote you and your greedy cohorts out.....
Funny that you are fine with throwing older taxpaying Americans off of Medicaid while giving billions of tax breaks  to your buddies.
.@JohnCornyn By help, do you mean help dying faster without access to medical care? We don't need your kind of help. Shame n you. #norepeal
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @RepKevinBrady @POTUS @realDonaldTrump   Senator, Did you invite them to your secret party to rewrite ACA?
Be honest. We're losing coverage bc of greed of Congress & insurance companies
LIES. The market is destabilized because of YOUR PARTY
You are the ones trying to legislate people out of coverage.  Don't blame the dems.
The ones being "priced out of the market" r those in Red Sts who refused Medicaid expansion 2 bolster your party's lies at constituents exp.
19 states stood on principle and refused the subsidies. Texas was one.  Own your own failure..
Again. I see you're not listening. You spew this crap out & less educated will buy it. The rest of us see who you really are. #canCornyn2020
You are blatantly lying at this point. I'm committed to participate in all efforts to make sure this your last term. Unacceptable. 78759
You're a cheater, a liar and a snake, Cornyn.
@JohnCornyn must think #Texans are fools to believe #helpisontheway. 
@VP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP must sign up for #TrumpCare?
@ResistanceParty
How's Colorado Springs? And how much money did the Kochs give you this weekend?
Simply not true. 8 years GOP had. What did u do to make it better? This is not about party it's about human being. When will u understand!!!
Maybe you and the rest of your Republican croneys should actually help the true American people not the top 1 percent!  #trumplies
Perhaps work with the Dems to improve upon the ACA. Then, the Republicans become heroes.
Stop lying, Repugs did not ask for any input. Worked behind closed doors, that's sad. 2018 is coming.
You have got to be kidding me Corynyn, we watched for years as Rs hurt ACA, now you are purposefully destroying it and crying D won't help?
And voters have long memories.
Pot or kettle, sir?
PROPAGANDA!  ACA struggling because GOP is intentionally killing it to push through disastrous Trumpcare - and you are on the front line
Still lying to your constituents I see!  I'll ask again...is your coverage changing?  Dems would help but you have to invite to party...
That's because they want Single payer. When is the GOP going to wake up & realize the Socialists have taken over the Dem party??
wow - you LIAR. #sad. #wealthcare You had 7 years to 'improve' Obamacare. You actively pursued the demise of US healthcare
What did you do to help ACA for over 8 years to improve whats in place???? NOTHING!!!! but waste tax dollars trying to do away with it.
This Texas voter knows that you are LYING @JohnCornyn ! Knock it off
How about we curb corporate welfare to all those companies you're beholden to? They won't die from that, people WILL die from this bill.
Ted Cruz is one of the least popular senators in Texas history. It's good to see you giving him a serious run for his money.
What does Trump have on YOU to make you dance on your puppet strings? Is it fraud or drugs or a fetish you don't want made public?
SUCH blatant BS! You have participated in promoting an AWFUL HC plan and ur trying to blame the Dems! U r a coward! Own up to this fiasco!
Dems were blocked from participating in crafting bill.  You have become a patholoical liar just like Trump.  #FailedUSSenator  Resign now.
This is on you.
Repubs control both houses & Oval Office. U crafted bill in secret...only rich, old white men allowed. Where was Invite 4 collaboration?
Aetna and other large companies pulled plans because govt. denied mergers. You know that.
@JohnCornyn Where were u 8 yrs ago when Congress was working on the ACA? Oh right...you were OBSTRUCTING instead of genuinely COOPERATING.
@kerpen "Help" definition per Cornyn dictionary:  costs,  coverage, & kick 23M off insur while transferring $800B 2 wealthy
If you really want to help, untether HC from jobs. Huge expense for employers & smothers innovation b/c people afraid to leave benefits.
And also stop lying to your constituents; we're not idiots. Stop punishing people for getting sick or having less $ w/ crap legis. Do better
You're a liar. Lies lies lies. And zero governance. Just hate. 
This is what your "help" will do. GOP in no win situation. Either admit you have no idea what you're talking about or pass bill & confirm it
Dems are in disarray, chaos & can't win any big election. But, if COB analysis & others show GOP bill w/big negs, it's new life for Dems.
Convenient memory. You were one of the secret 13 who didn't want any democratic involvement
The R stance has been hell-bent on keeping Democratic ideas out of the process. Is everything you say now just lies and propaganda?
Maybe when we have crises like an outbreak of cholera among those without health insurance, and someone in your family contracts it,
you will understand why decimating Medicaid is a horrible idea.
U r the ones that handed out the invites then went behind closed doors to write a bill. C'mon enough of the crap!
I wonder why that is. Oh! I know! Because GOP is purposely destroying ACA by withholding funding. Duh. Get a brain.

ACA is like communism: it's the best system if only it were done right! Ideologues never give-up on their ideology.
Aetna has and always will be crap insurance. I know! I've had it! They cover zilch!!
It is the @GOP that destabilized OCare and you know it. Isn't a representative jobs to represent your people. Who are you representing?
@kerpen John, you just admitted Trumpcare causes Americans to lose coverage and/or pay more. Both broken promises.
Why don't you just make the right changes?
Would love to know your suggestion on what Dems should do?
When will you address the assault on American workers in the Senate hc bill of the marginal tax rate?  https://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2017/06/23/republican-senate-healthcare-bill-creates-scary-marginal-tax-rates/amp/ …
That's because it's is exactly as they intend it to be. Their planed path to single payer is working swimmingly.
Under your healthcare bill, the more Americans earn, the more they pay for their insurance:  https://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2017/06/23/republican-senate-healthcare-bill-creates-scary-marginal-tax-rates/amp/ …
You had SEVEN YEARS to make things better and all you did was white and cry for repeal. Now you blame others? No. Not buying it.
Hard for D's to help w/ a new and better plan when they're locked out of discussions and not allowed to see what's being crafted.
You should be ashamed of a lie this total. What's happened to Republicans?  I've never seen an entire party go so completely insane. STOP!
BS their not going to sign a bill the kills children disabled elderly self employed- middle class and poor but U R excited-SAD $ B4 Country
Trump & GOP will own every preventable death, every untreated illness & every bankruptcy families will be forced to bear if bill passed.
I'm stunned by your dishonesty and cynicism - you KNOW Trump and Repubs are undermining ACA through executive action - how do you sleep?????
Let's not pretend that the GOP is not  purposely sabotaging the ACA for their own political purposes with no regard for those it hurts
Senator When you pass that bill that guts Medicaid and gives massive tax cuts to the top 1%, you own it. Good luck to your colleagues.
Actually, most of this crap is allowed by Rs.

Ds are trying to lessen the impact of Rs idiocy.

Please. Research.
Very dishonest statement. Plans are leaving because the GOP is *intentionally* destabilizing the market.
You're becoming as accomplished a liar as your orange leader. #WorthlessSycophant
@kerpen liar and a hypocrite.
A calumny and outright LIE -- and you know it. And so do your followers -- I trust this will be your last term disserving your state.
Millions getting good healthcare at reasonable price with Ocare, you're taking that away to give rich tax cut. D's on the side of people
As long as allow the insurance co to do what they want, help will be crappy and if we are lucky. Regulating industry is only way.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
GOP to reduce MEDICAID by over $600 over next 10 yrs on your trumpcare. If you want to fix healthcare, then FIX IT. Don't cut aid to poor.
GOP hypocrisy--doing everything to sabotage ACA vs improving it!  Stop hurting Americans and our healthcare system.
Stop the propaganda.  That's untruth.
And @GOP are undermining #ACA.
Dude you are out of your mind
Remember Watergate? Forty were indicted and spent time in prison.

Reminder: you wouldn't let them. You guys did this behind closed doors. White men's club.
This is not true. The R's have rolled back funding and made the market unstable. This is you and your 12 buddies. If u write it u own it.
Too bad You & your "R" colleagues won't quit screwing Texans over..
In which the good Senator and friends kick at the legs of the table & pretend anger that it might fall over. #sabotagebydesign
At this point, repeal it and provide every person 1 z-pack, 1 set of vaccinations, and 1 pair of Republican issued boot straps. #Darwin
And who EXACTLY has prevented the full funding of PPACA and caused all the problems therein?
Instead of R's &D's BASHING each other .Lead by Example and BE The Change U Claim 2 Want .Name Calling is so #childish #BetterTogether
Senator.
We support you 100%.
Love, the Deplorables
#45MAGAStrong
Repeal Obama care now
YOU refused to lift a finger to stop Trump & the GOP from sabotaging the ACA. Ur strategy now seems to be just outright lying. SAD! 77373
FALSE!!! Repub made sure to sabotage the ACA by not funding the alternative mkts, for political gain!  REP chose to create this cruel AHCA
Being priced out? Like charging 50-65 yr olds FIVE times more. Never ever voting for you again!
And our R hacks are snake oil salesmen. Thinly veiled disguise to deflect from what you are actually doing. Screwing the most vulnerable.
Why would they work w/you to give retroactive tax credits to the wealthy at expense of regular folks disguised as healthcare reform?
Why would they co-sign defunding of @PPact ? It's no surprise Texas has the highest maternal death rate. Your party closes clinics.
Who in their right mind thinks limiting access to affordable care is the right thing to do?
Your gross obsession w/abortion providers has wreaked havoc. Why would a Democrat support something this awful? http://www.npr.org/2016/01/28/464728393/texas-tries-to-repair-damage-wrought-upon-family-planning-clinics …
Your hypocrisy is overwhelming, you had 8 years and this is the best you could do? Pathetic.
By "#helpisontheway," you mean the millions who were helped by ACA will join those who weren't in not having healthcare? GOP #Wealthcare
