why weren't you saying that for the last eight years, you and your Repub buddies who deliberately obstructed Obama?
seriously? John, c'mon.....you're shilling for a frumpy fascist, and a Russian puppet. What is in this for you? 1/
what possible reward or outcome do you imagine? Whatever you get will be tainted with the blood of innocent people. 2/
he's killing our soldiers, John, our best soldiers. He's eating dinner and letting his evil backup send SEALs to die. 3/
do you know me, egg? No. You don't. @JohnCornyn
clearly, you do not.....I don't think you even understand the words you're saying. See, those are all just words you repeated.
saw al franken put cornyn through the ringer this   man has no shame
keep drinking the orange messiah's cool aid 
Didn't stop those sitting across the aisle
And you got rewarded for it
Republicans obstructed for 6 solid years and now have the audacity to cry foul? Grow up!
You mean like the republicans did for the last 8 years???
You seem to say this with no sense of irony at all. It's amazing.
yeah man, ONLY us REpubs get to obstruct everything to death.
DT turns off recorder in call t Putin? What would u have been saying if it was Obama? WHERE IS UR PATRIOTISM?
What does your pal Ted think about obstruction?  He wasn't afraid to shut down the government.
except when Republicans do it right?
I agree. But Republicans did it too. Why would u expect otherwise? We must move beyond. Make deals to transcend.
but that's what the @GOP spent the last 6 years doing ...or did y'all forget? @SenateMajLdr
You're darn right it is, Senator Forehead. You guys never should've disrespected institutions. Now payback has come.
This argument not helping. So hypocritical it makes people furious. Seriously need a new talking point.
Senator John Cornyn's Top Ten Bad Votes http://www.freedomworks.org/content/senator-john-cornyns-top-ten-bad-votes?social=twitter_share …  @JohnCornyn plans to oppose the border wall. Call and ask why 202-224-2934
So you link to a story which states that Senate Republicans did nothing but obstruction.  The truth is refreshing.
You stole that seat from Obama. God despises most of all the sins HYPOCRISY.  When are you up for reelection?
should have listened to that voice last year when Garland was nominated.
Mitch "McConnell Brags About Obstructing Obama At Trump’s Republican Convention" http://www.politicususa.com/2016/07/19/mitch-mcconnell-brags-obstructing-obama-supreme-court-nominee-trump-convention.html …
we have not forgotten about Betsy Devos We do not want her
if this is the case, why did you obstruct by not voting?
Hay you did the same so don't complain buddy.  Why don't you do something good for the little guy in Texas?
And yet, that's exactly what @GOP did for the past 8 years...?
GOP seemed fine with it for past 8 years. Fight fire with fire.
His argument is to not plagiarize GOP so Dems are not confused with myriad GOP copy-cat, true believers.
pot & kettle, Sir. Why do u keep posting these things? Constituents can see right thru u.
the GOP are well acquainted with obstruction, aren't they? Seems you reap what you sow.
Pot meet Kettle...how hard did you push to have a vote for Merrick Garland??
Hypocrites.
except when  do it
what's your position on Betsy DeVos? Are you supporting her?
DELIBERATE DESTABILIZATION.
Know these words.
Remember these words.
That's what #PresidentBannon is all about. Lenin lives.
If they can not support our President then they should step down period.Democrats are showing what a disgrace they r
Please vote NO to Betsy DeVos. You represent me, and a lot of other Texans that think she is not good for education.
When are a few of them going to roll on Schumer?
interesting. Is that how you felt for the last 4 years?
yet the GOP did nothing but obstruct for two terms of Obama. Now y'all want to change the rules?
#hypocrisy in action #nolongerarepublican #NotoDeVos
. you are no one to talk.  "Obstruction" worked wonders for you personally, but, was bad for the country.  Please don't preach.
you just can't help yourself. All you did was obstruct for 8 years and now you push for cooperation. Transparent and corrupt
like how Republicans OBSTRUCTED...LIED ...CHEATED????
Answer your goddamned phone, Cornyn. Do your job.
You should Vote No on DeVos
thanks for sharing john to remind us all how terrible you all behaved for EIGHT years.
Trump is a Russian stooge. Stand up and fight Trump. I am a registered voter in Texas.
You should listen to your voice mail John so you hear what Texans really want
your mailbox is full. Your constituents can't reach you???
the GOP did this for 8 years. You lie as much as Trump! Impeach all the liars!
aren't you being a hypocrite on this particular topic? Explain how r's under Obama different. Checks/balances = good
hope ur listening senator
Folks: i don't believe Trump voters or GOP voters or Dem voters are the problem.  The problem is we need leadership that embraces integrity.
Speaking from experience during Obsma's presidency? ACA, SCOTUS,2 many 2 list. Did it work 4 GOP? R u regretting? 
Confusing!
Seems so far to have worked pretty well for you guys.
@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer
Senate Democrat: Obstructionism is a 'trap' and 'a big mistake' http://washex.am/2kys7bC  via @DCExaminer
what exactly were you doing these last 2 years?
Pot calling kettle black. How about you spend some energy on clean water for the children of Flint.
NO DEVOS!!
then why didn't the republicans see it this way throughout 2016?

like the republicans STOPPED the government so they wouldn't have to work with Obama????
Bring on the nuclear opt! Meanwhile, trump just got a Navy Seal killed. He may want 2 sit in on an Intel briefing.
learn a lesson.  We never heard this from Republicans.
-#votenoondevoss
worked for republican for 8yrs, why not let the dems give it a go?
were you against the last six years of 'unpresidented' gop obstruction?
typically I would agree with this notion. But your party put a madman in the WH so ya know, #desperatetimes
Answer your phone. Have a townhall. Talk to constituents. If not we will go red in 2018. I'm done. #voterhemout2018
This moderate Texan, who voted for you is  mad as hell. You have to do better. Get off Rep GOP platform.
So tired of hearing this.  You did it for 8yrs. Apologize, build a bridge. Fix your mistake. Quit pointing fingers.
wait u r confusing this with the interview with @SenThomTillis from last year
you're so funny! Hahahaha ! Hypocrite. Coward. Let the Leninist tell you what to do.....
hearing GOP say Dems should treat Trump's court picks w/ same respect GOP did Obama's 
Worked for y'all.
you REALLY don't see the irony in disparaging obstructionism do you? It's almost funny
self awareness isn't your strong suit, is it? Oh, and...ANSWER YOU PHONES AND CLEAR OUT THE VOICEMAILS.
Didn’t much hurt you guys, did it?
is that advice speaking from experience?
When does the investigation into @realDonaldTrump failed raid that just  killed American soldiers?
Please vote no on #BetsyDeVos it would do a lot for the healing this country needs. 

Signed, a concerned Texan
you can give lesson on how to obstruct. #resist #StopDeVos #StopPresidentBannon #NoSessions
The big mistake is sitting in the White House thanks to 8 years of GOP obstructionism. Thanks, John.
That Senate Democrat is wrong. We need to fight against constant (R) malfeasance (and turn Texas blue).
will you go on the record saying that you regret your past obstruction?
you mean like the obstructionism Republicans practiced for the last four years?
#stopbannon #stoptrump #stopRepublicans from tearing apart democracy. #ImpeachTrump
What's good for the goose is good for the gander
This is so rich coming from you. Do you not even see the hypocrisy? You ARE the party of obstructionists! #hypocrite
Really? You got two of your SCOTUS picks, and all your budgets. Shush!
you ought to know!!
I know you have lots of voice mails, because your box is full, please take some time to listen to them all.
