Fix it.... bubbas.  Whining about it and then denying 23 million isn't eggzackly a formula for help.
actually 23 million won't be denied healthcare insurance. They just won't be forced buy in if they don't want to.
"Forced buy in" = constit'nl tax, BECAUSE everyone, repeat, EVERYONE will use the system at some pt. THAT is proper regulation of commerce.
nothing in the constitution about forcing citizens to purchase a product for any reason.  I disagree with the courts
This is a mistaken viewpoint. The Constitution requires Congress to regulate commerce. Healthcare and health insurance IS commerce. ALL...
there are better ways to solve this problem with government. This is political class war play guised as philanthropy
I'm not following you, I don't think.  Of course single payer is the best solution,  IF that's what you're advocating.
it's not the best solution.  Ask the Vets forced to use the VA.  It's a disaster
FYI you do know that your healthcare bill will cause people to lose their jobs? #BCRA #TrumpcareKills
Commonwealth: Senate health bill would cost significantly more jobs than AHCA.

1.45M fewer jobs would exist by 2026 http://bit.ly/2sKDpi1  
You mean like Obama crapcare!
Facts are our friend Trumpkin. Obamacare created jobs. This Senate bill will cause people 2 lose  jobs. #Trumpism
Such transparent gaslighting so you can kick people off #ACA, steal back the tax dollars, and really let people die. #killthebill #TrumpCare
Look at the poll numbers!  No one is supporting this. Don't try to shove it through without proper public discussion.
You have victimized these people by destabilizing the marketplace with your threats & by undermining the ACA. #GOPLies #NoTrumpCare #FixACA
@GOP caused instability which caused ensures to pull out of ACA. These are #GOPvictims.
THE REAL VICTIMS  REPUBLICANS Health Care Bill are 181 Thousand Vietnam Veterans Republicans Stealing Total Pensions from  GOP Hates VETS
They better fix this or the GOP is history.
We all are VICTIMS of the Senate Republicans.
Everybody check out "Brand New Congress" movement online...for 2018...Im in..Senate will be next
Wait until #BCRA becomes law. His daughter with a preexisting condition will lose insurance and/or his premiums will sky rocket.
Greedy insurance companies are your problem not the ACA
if he's got Health Care he's not a victim
.@SenateGop thinks #1 problem w/ "healthcare system" is rich are paying too much in taxes.Go figure #SaveACA #TW
you know this is a tax bill and your bill will only make American lives worse. If you pass this, 2018 will be ugly for you
Y'all hypocrites. Straight up hypocrites
Why are there no stories on here of those who have been helped.  There are millions.We deserve full picture not just GOP 1 sided account.
A Millionaire Evangelical Preacher who drives a Mercedes and lives in a $20,000,000 Mansion, I would rather listen to US than him
he could have gotten insurance himself and not through exchange...what was the problem? oh making stuff up are we...?
As usual you are wrong again. You cannot buy insurance out of the exchanges period.
The GOP has made the healthcare market unstable! Thanks GOP! Can we have your healthcare? Oh that's right you have the ACA!!
ACA didn't die. @GOP made the market unstable by inability to reach concensus and inability to give insurers solid time frames.
Work work work y'all haven't done much yet I know theirs neocons and Dems that don't help but you get payed good to represent good Americans
Americans don't care what you call it. You hate calling it Obamacare, Trumpcare is horrible, so call it ACA & improve it, reduce flaws
Time to stop playing games like withdrawing subsidies. Call it whatever you want - DEMS & GOP (& women) should sit down & improve ACA
Again POTUS withheld subsidies from insurance companies so they would withdraw from ACA & GOP could complain that ACA was a complete failure
YOURE ALLOWING RUSSIA TO TAKE USA. WHAT THE HELL!!??!!?

Work with @HouseDemocrats to FIX
You should  put back all the things you took out to make it fail.
The ACA victims is due to the compromises that had to be made due to the Republicans...geez.
Can u believe it? Republicans know their bill will kill ppl and gut nursing home care and leave AMERICANS w/o healthcare but they don't care
A victim? Nah.
They could easily fix the ACA, you're costs will be a lot more with trumpcare!
OMG, you must think we are such morons. Would he even have had insurance without the removal of caps from the #ACA. Stop playing politics!
Why would any responsible citizen opt out of health insurance? Sudden illness & bad accidents happen all the time. That's what ins is for.
is this guy a MD or nurse? If not hold your role on "quality "
1.) your plan is worse 2.) this "victim" will be crying more once on your plan
How does the @SenateGOP #HealthcareBill help this man's daughter with her disease? How will the bill cover pre-existing conditions?
And you, Senators, will be on the same plan, I'm assuming,
NO Senate GOP is in NO HURRY & does NOT care, but then NONE of you HAVE ObamaCare you have GOOD insurance. Disgusted with you!
REPEAL O'CARE
They'll be real losers under your program...
Sorry but your daughter wouldn't have any health insurance without ACA.  Please give me the phone # of a dr's office that has that voicemail
No ACA Repeal. HSS it Works
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy & ALL GOP
who support repeal and replace & tax plan to kill medicaid & safety nets.
Working on legislation or ads to protect interest of lobbies you serve?
We demand BIPARTISAN solutions to our nation's problems.  Stop the secret negotiating and solve the problems.
American people want Trump impeach 25th amendment
Remember GOP governors refused to expand Medicaid and now trump is denying funding; insurance cos want certainly.  Let ACA work as designed
Just take it out of Obama
Robert Dean, the GOP doesn't want to tell you THEY MADE YOU A VICTIM! FIND OUT HOW:
You should introduce him to those that made him a vitim - the GOP.
Found select hand picked people, but you can't hold town hall meetings? Stop embarrassing yourself. #ahca
FALSE
will vote.  We want you out of the doctors office.  Do it now because you will certainly not do it next year for politics. Get some backbone
Paul Ryan lied to POTUS when he told him that they had Healthcare he doesn't. So my message to POTUS do you TAXES like you wanted 2 do first
And you should repeal it in whole and unleash the provate sector job creators.  You are chickens if you think those that would be affected
If you fail in this you will lose millions of us who worked to elect you.  And you already sent how many repeals to Obama?
Senate GOP have you ever heard the phrase the need of the many out weigh the needs of the few. 

America's needs out weigh the Senate needs!







How long are we supposed to wait? I thought this was going to be "soo easy". Take care of ALL of the health care victims now, as promised.
This is utter bullshit. There can be NO debate w/o a bill. There's been NO bill. There've been NO town halls. There's been no input. #NoDeal
How about showing the true victims -- the billionaires who can't afford the extra yacht without the tax cut TrumpCare will bring them?
Victim.... really.... how about the house and the senate try not to sound like Fox News or Breitbart.
I think people are seeing that Republicans don't want to replace HC. They want no one to have healthcare by government.
Robert Dean is a victim by choice, we all pay for healthcare. People who want Insurance when they get sick will pay triple with Trumpcare.

Well opt out and let your fellow citizens pay the bill. You know the ones that are covered.
@senategop then work together with @HouseDemocrats to make this work
Everyone opposes GOP plans. Every major medical org. Fix what we have. We beg you
The no heathcare will be stigmatized and force to bankruptcy with all the other costs to an individual. Hire ME - fossworking@gmail.com
Yes, paying $70/week on low wages is heathcare we cannot use, AND WE CANNOT GET SICK and pay the $70/week (or eat). So.. NO HEALTHCARE PLS!

@SpeakerRyan You mean @GOP victims.  Don't hide the truth.
The penalty is far less than if the fascist GOP get their way. They must lie and cherry-pick to sell their agenda.
Get rid of the gravy train & government isn't the answer it's the problem Americans r not STUPID The GRAVY TRAIN needs to Go Americans r 1st
Opting out cost everyone more. Isn't that the point? Or is the point more people should just die on their own. Rural areas or urban first?
U've had 7+yrs 2 do something....take us back to b4 obamacare taxes......idiots
That's a lie. Dr offices don't contract with Obamacare. It's the insurance companies themselves who are waiting on the big payout#trumpcare
GOP you best listen Dems didn't CONGRESS NOT DOING ITS JOB
I had to cancel @myUHC Golden due to price $870/mo. This amount doubled since 2014. Where's my savings Mr obama? Now have #medi-share.
Where do you find these guys #WWF? Maybe if #TheGOPSwamp had actually pitched into to help these last 7 years we wouldn't be here today.
GOP actions have destabilized the market & created the problems so stop what you're doing & fix what needs to be fixed. @SenatorCollins
Stupidity! You are not serving Americans ethical or honorably! History will record @GOP shame for decades!
No it doesn't seem so to me!
Pastor? Who gets to deduct everything he does?  Please...selling an invisible product with no guarantees, omfg.
Wow you pick and choose some winners

For seven years the Republicans led everyone to believe they were salivating to repeal Obamacare. They had no plan so everyone suffers.
Put money into competative medical facilities, and pharmacies. NOT to insurance middlemen. Single Payer Now!
Should we have a single payer system ensuring everyone pays, everyone is covered! Yes to pay to for profit Med facilities and pharmacies.YES
Should we opt out?!? You can still get your own plan that isn't a part of the ACA!!!
lol AKA victims?!? Before the AKA they would have had to sell there house and I would pay for it because they didn't want insurance!!!
This is why American's need single payer care or give us the same health care that senators are given.
You do realise it's because you gutted the whole ACA as much as you could in Texas...
And their reps are proud of it
Because you wanted it to fail -- you allowed insurance co to profit greatly on the backs of all Americans -- take responsibility
Republicans only care about for rich ppl, ....and that shows their stupidity and ignorance!
Redesign the healthcare bill.Bring back co-pays and make the deductibles more reasonable.If you do that then no one will get penalized.
That's crap- you're trying to pass a tax cut for super wealthy and call it a healthcare plan.
Go ahead retweet it again! Y'all know he's a republican showing off for @FoxNews. Did y'all let him know it's going to get worse?
https://www.cms.gov/cciio/ 
Sen. Tammy Baldwin Helps Introduce Legislation to Stabilize Health Care Marketplace - Insurance News http://apple.news/AbedRz5M-P_iFq …

RID US OF O'CARE....REPEAL IT!!




I do not think that word means what you think it means. Victim, indeed. 
DO YOU HEAR THE PEOPLE ANYMORE!? REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL!
Liar
your plan is horrible! just repeal REPEAL! this is ridiculous that with a majority you still havent gone with the only sensible plan!
Oh look, you found a person who doesn't like Obamacare! Odd how you're not telling the story of the majority of Americans who do like it.
How many ACA success stories are there for everyone who had issues. Ask that question on Twitter & although not scientific might surprise U.
That's right the left has stock in health care that's why they are flipping out trump will drain the swamp
Wake up and smell the coffee or all Republicans will be looking for a job
I'm focusing on the "debated month after month"...funny how nothing even close to that has happened on GOP health care bill
Liars
GOP you'd better be working for the American people cause your time is getting short for those of you up for re-election 2018Drain the Swamp
yeah a fucking Evangelical,like we are suppose to believe anything that comes out of his mouth!!GOP LYING TRAITORS
"Obama-Care VICTIMS."  Could we BE any more dramatic?
Meanwhile, your plan is to take coverage away from a few million more people.
Oh, and let's not forget that giant tax-break for the Donor$.
How sleazy can you get? No, wait! I didn't mean it as a challenge!
If you don't repeal the ACA the law will still be on the books. They will be resurrected in the future, it will be like movie Groundhog Day.
Yes indeed.  Repeal.
Yes
There is a crazy person in the White House.
And ur blaming Obama???  U should be blaming these drs.
Seriously you're still running this? Do you not realize that people know that the rates went up because the insurers are greedy! Single payr

Trump says Obamacare is in a "death spiral." His administration's data says that isn't true. http://53eig.ht/2uRLs9x 
Your new plan is TERRIBLE. It will throw 22 MILLION PEOPLE OFF OF HEALTHCARE. Mean . Bad.
On your watch
He's not an ACA victim, he's a victim of elected representatives refusing to let their states have the Medicaid expansions !
There will be thousands of horror stories with the even worse GOP plan. It's a disgrace the lows you will stoop to.
Should also mention that our GOP governor @GregAbbott_TX refused Medicaid expansion, harming thousands that could have been covered.
Maybe talk to Rick Perry.
I hope you apologized to Mr Dean & his family for sabotaging their healthcare. #hypocrisy #immoral #fund #Obamacare #saveobamacare
How are the victims? They have coverage that they likely wouldn't have with a child who has a preexisting condition.
We need single payer, universal health care now.

Another great point made on @TheLastWord: the head of the gov't ethics office resigned today because he believes the president is profiting
Stop comparing to Obamacare. We want a good healthcare plan. It doesn't have to have a fancy name. Just make sense.
Bwahahahahahaha! Yeah, RIGHT! Abolish the RepubliCratic Party!
@JohnCornyn a victim??? Without ACA their daughter would have nothing.   Such propaganda.  Shame on you.
For every one of these there are hundreds of thousands who view Ocare favourably
Need to repeal Ofolly, delay repeal for 10 months, allow Ins Companies to introduce competing policies, then replace accordingly.
If we had #SinglePayer this wouldn't be an issue. For-profit insurance is obviously not working.
Obamacare saves lives.  Americans support it.  Trumpcare is just a scheme to give a massive tax cut to the rich.  #Republican Party of hate
https://www.facebook.com/electcrowe/videos/444976589191357/ … You are a disgrace to hardworking, taxpaying Texans. Arresting citizens for peacefully protesting the Deathbill
That is the only example I have ever seen. Far more people have been helped.
@SenateDems dean: democrats caused your pain
It's worth fixing, just tell Pres Trump to stop trying to destroy it. America LUVS the ACA!
Fix this mess PERIOD!!!!
Your counting on middle America to not understand that U and the Whitehouse deliberately created the instability that caused the pull out
EVERYONE KNOWS IT ISN'T PERFECT. FIX. SUPPORT. FULLY FUND ACA WITH DEMS.
MY story. 2013. Prego. FT job. Emp health ins. Emerg C-section. Jaundice baby. 1wk in hosp. Ins paid $8k. Medicaid paid $40k. #SaveMedicaid
Not interested in hearing about his problems. He can opt out and pay more each year to the Treasury. He needs to accept change happens.
What percentage of constituents are victims of #Obamacare?
Stop lying! You are not working to provide access to better healthcare if you cut out essential benefits!
Let's all lift our prayers to the victims of affordable healthcare for everybody. I really can't think of anything worse.
Good damn thing that you had the insurance. Lose it with the GOP plan and your kid could die. Would that be better? Be grateful for it.
Yeah, wait until he sees a 5x increase in premium for less care and lifetime limits. Then he should be happy...
Why the hell didn't he buy insurance on his own? Answer: Daughter's health. His future option is no insurance.
@JohnCornyn Shocking you have never posted one of the millions of stories recalling how ObamaCare saved someone's life.
Or the stories of those who will likely die if BCRA passes; those who's lives literally DEPEND on Medicaid.


So this guy has a 'daughter with a major disease,' but he is a 'victim' of a bill that gave him access to healthcare for her.
Reminder: if not for the ACA, his daughter could be rejected by insurance companies for her pre-existing condition.
They could also drop her if her treatment exceeded a million dollars.
Also, all you had to do to get out of the penalty was say it was unaffordable (and not be lying). The mandate is WEAK. Much like this video.
Two words: Single Payer n no tax cuts for the rich.
You are going to mess the poor people and the elderly who are the sickest over, big time!
@JohnCornyn - Explain how BCRA is BETTER. Stop whining & pointing fingers. GOP in charge. Put up or shut up. Can GOP govern?!
Having the MSM on your side, even though they are NEVER going to be
Term limits are needed to season the swamp of the spineless, nutless GOP, that way there is no need to worry about getting reelected and
LIARS, PREMEDITATED MURDERERS & RUSSIAN STOOGES
don't be ridiculous. We all know. It's parties are at fault for any failures. Cross aisle and fix not replace!!
I opted out and will owe them the penalty till the day I die

GOP plan creates problems too - more problems. It is better for people to fix ACA and move on.
This is terrible, disgusting propaganda, and the so-called reforms being forced through undemocratically will make this worse, not better.
My ACA is with @AveraHealth and I think its fantastic. Great rates, great service, excellent care. The ACA isn't broken, insurance co. are
Possibly because YOUR president stopped payments? Or threatened to? Tell the whole truth.... if you have that ability in your corrupt self!
Robert Dean is a victim of the Republicans.  Other people will suffer if they implement their plan. Single-payer system is the only option.
Well, repeal it
If YOU HAVE A DAUGHTER WITH A MAJOR DISEASE then opting out would almost assuredly devastate your finances. The ACA is saving you.
