THIS IS THE KIND OF WALL US TEXANS WANT JOHN!!! OUR BORDER IS NOT SECURED!!! SUPPORT TRUMP OR GET VOTED  OUT!!!
Not this Texan. Waste of our money. Better spent on securing border with people, infrastructure that helps all.
Saw this guy  on TC's show; Texan citizens need a recall election to put him out to pasture.
.@JohnCornyn @CNBC BUILD. THE. WALL. There is no grey area on this subject. Texans want it BUILT! 
because we are still under Obama policies. Wait it will fall.
- that doesn't mean what you are doing is right. Do something for your constituents John cornyn - not ego
I'm a Texan. We want the wall and no BS from you! Please listen to the people. Have you been in Washington too long?
you sure are out of touch on @FoxNews tonight. People voted for a wall and you just play lip service. All talk no action!
people voted for a president. Not all Texans want the wall. You do, that's fine, but not all of us.
the vast majority do!
,b/c u don't answer phone, I tweet. #SessionsLied #investigatetrump #CountryOverParty
Are we now going to use stock market as indicator of success? If so, get back to us when it doubles, like it did under 44.
Yes, it rebounded from hitting rock bottom over 8 years. Trump's record was set in under 2 months.
Record breaking markets should be bigger story than media reports #mediabias
have yet to see this "trickle down" any time the markets surged in the past. Wages are stagnant, retirements are shaky.
Profits are up, but what's the point if wages aren't? If we profit from environmental deregulation but health costs rise?
easier to continue streak ;handed over to you as a success BO was handed a disaster & made it a success
Support Trump, #BuildTheWall or we will make you pay.
The rich get richer.
It is essential to build the wall on the border!  Get behind your president or step down so someone else can!
Thank Pres Trump for that. Stop undermining his Immigration plans. HE wants WALL. Not ur watered down ideas  WE .Don't trust U
You do remember economics right?  This is all speculation value. Nothing hard earned because of POTUS yet.
I hope you are watching McCain and Graham.
Like Tucker I fail to understand why the Republicans cannot push it along. We put them in power so they can be our voice.
Russian money??
you are guilty of knowingly appointing Russian assets to high u.s. government positions.
out of touch with Americans: Yes, we wanted and still want A WALL on the border. You should have asked us, not assume.
Russia!!!
and WHO got you back from the market crashing in 2008??? Without 44 the market would still be in the toilet.
We are so grateful that @realDonaldTrump elected POTUS. We want and expect HIS agenda not yours or anyone else in Congress.
@TuckerCarlson We votd 4 a real WALL! & want u 2 help build it! How dare u thnk ur smarter/better than voters! U work 4us! #MAGA
I agree with Tucker regarding the foot dragging in Congress confirmation of cabinet nominees. Does not make sense!
Trump voters voted for the wall and whatever else is needed to secure our borders. You insulted the voters on Fox tonight.
Poster child for TERM LIMITS! He's deep into "favors"!
liar. we did NOT vote for you to use your judgement but do do what @POTUS said BUILD THE WALL
Read my lips...We want the FUCKING WALL!
You need to be voted out!  We want a wall and want you to support President Trump!!!  Fire your staff that voted for Hillary.
YOU ARE NOT WITH US CONSERVATIVE TEXANS JOHN? WE WILL MAKE SURE YOU ARE VOTED OUT NEXT ELECTION! WE TEXANS WANT A WALL!
We voted for a wall and now build a wall.
Full of excuses! Get confirming now. Repeal Obamacare
it's great for the investors but it does not really mean anything 4 your average American deer regulations equal to crash
Flynn got 40k from Russia. How much 45 give U 1-19-17 CNN on live air? Or did U have direct line from Russia too? Hahaha
I remember when Republicans dismissed the stock market growth under Obama as a sign of a healthy economy.
Cornyn hated stock market rallies under Obama.  He loves Russia and supports Russian rule in America
Rich like u get richer while u hide healthcare plans to rob mid class & poor. When GOP causes market crash, rich will b fine.
Yes @JohnCornyn, because Wall Street expects higher profits - which doesn't mean much for the 150m+ Americans who don't own any stock
.@JohnCornyn .@CNBC Thanks for creating a strong economy, President Obama!
More money for the already rich.
It won't last forever. Seem to remember 1929 and what happened that year.
it's all smoke and mirrors
That's great! Hey do I have to pay taxes on the money I make? Our President doesn't pay taxes, so are we free now too?
what could u possibly relate this soar to?  If u only come to conclusion of Trump,what r u waiting for, repeal. and get on board
Which ONLY means you and the other millionaires in Congress will make more and more $$$!  What about the rest of us?!?
Amazing these companies seem to be able to bear the onerous regulations that you plutocrats are always railing against.
so what will you say when these policies cause the markets to tank and hurt everyone?
Look for "HUGE" downslide as war looms, gas prices soar, and cost of living will rise considerably. Obama kept stock up
#RTFA

"[the speech] lacked specifics about tax reform and deregulation, two key components of the market's postelection rally"
When it collapses will you also accept responsibility or lie and deflect?
I bet you Barack "world-can't-live-without-me" Obama took another xanax when he saw this
more proof ACA destroyed the economy.
the US has the strongest economy in the world right now.   Do note that most Americans don't own stock
not proof of @realDonaldTrump success if that's what you're implying.
and certainly not a reason to not demand an independent investigation into Trump's Russian ties...
We know it'll all come crashing down under a Republican President and congress. History has always shown this.
how did they get Albert Einstein there
