Cornyn is trying to distract while he screws you with #GrahamCassidy . Call now to resist. 202-224-2934

Returning the rule of law by expanding civil asset forfeiture, cracking down on MJ, and not prosecuting internal government corruption?
Agreed
ABY Devil nuts
But only when it's convenient for the party...
Your perverse idea of what the "rule of law" is, is no form of justice in any sense of the word.
THIS IS COMPLETE INSANITY.  If the DOJ can't look at history and learn from its mistakes, then we are all doomed.
Rule of law when it suits you. Right?
And u and the bloodsuckers known as the GOP are returning t deprive millions of healthcare t give tax$ t millionaires like dt. A dick move.
Holy crap!  Stop sucking on the teat of these people.  We are your employers not POTUS
Except when it comes to purjuring himself before Congress right John? Have you heard about that yet John?
Who does it benefit to put so many in prison for so little?   You people scare me wish someone close to you would make a nonviolent mistake

.@JohnCornyn Sessions committed perjury twice in his confirmation hearing, you're protecting him - returning to the"rule of law "my ass
Hope So because now we know our FBI was Crooked with Comey
If advocating anarchism constitutes returning to the rule of law...
Kidding right? What's good for the goose....oh wait you wouldn't understand that. First try these basic questions then we can discuss law?
..your  flip flopg from was ago when you post article bragging Texan is Pro criminal justice reform.NO doubt will harm majorities mostly.SAD
By bringing back racist,xenophobic & sexist laws to the country?
Damnit @JohnCornyn.  I just laughed so hard root beer went out through my nose. Quit lying to people. He's gonna have a cell next to Trump!
LOL!! He's returning to about 1790...
Complete total bullshit, "rule of law "why did Trump pardon a criminal  sheriff in Phoenix? You're defending an unambiguous racist who
Sessions was deemed too racist to be a federal judge by a bipartisan vote of a Senate committee-do you hate people of color or a demagogue?
Your not supporting criminal justice reform bc Session going bak 2 mandatory sentience  will cont to fill prison w nonviolent offenders...
#CivilForfeiture is state-sanctioned theft.
They call that tyranny when you're not in Russia! Shame on you for  allowing us to go backwards!
Know anyone that's been to prison John?  Did it help?
It’d be great if the Law he followed were that which is established in America, instead of his own perverted self-serving version of it.
Sessions lied under oath about meeting Sergei Kislyak at the Mayflower Hotel.
NewSpeak for Republicans: the term for "lying" is referred to as "testifying".
What happen with case on IRS scam against tea party Americans still waiting on justice from injustice over the past eight years
ugh. "rule of law."  not even sure what that truly entails.  but it doesn't sound good.
That's bullshit and you know it. If you call bigotry  the rule of law then obviously we know your stance.
Our senator shows his true colors when he retweets a column that blames African-Americans for racial inequality in criminal justice system
By committing perjury?
Sessions rule of law Is Jim Crow laws. Lying during his hearing .No civil rights Turning his back on any thing Trump does.
How can a liar return to the rule of law?
He's not about rule of law. He's about whites are above the law and ppl of color show be jailed or deported.
"When bad guys are prosecuted and incarcerated, they are not preying on our communities."  Not when victimless crimes eat up resources.
Really?? Boy, you really support the nicest people...
#liars #traitors
Not really. He is letting Hillary & Comey off the hook. When u spend all these years in the swamp u begin to act like them.
you are not serious.....do i laugh or cry.
What about the presidency?
He should step down. He lied under oath. He's not fit to be elected or appointed dog catch.
Except when the laws apply to Sessions, he seems to forget things #colusionwithrussia #traitortohiscountry #goingdowninflames
Given that he lied at his confirmation hearing...how can you support such a statement?
More nonsensical nonsense to pander to conservatives.
Sounds like he's returning the DOJ to racist priorities that have proven to be draconian and faulty but expected from a kkk wizard
Will you lie under oath & perjure yourself for 45? Trump & Sessions are white supremacists and so are you.
This is an obscene claim.
So is this a good thing or is Texas sentencing reform a good thing? You were in favor of sentencing reform yesterday
Really?? Lois Lerner?  Clinton e-mail and national security violations?  DOJ calling for special prosecutor on bogus Russian issue??
Bogus?
Only if the "Rule of Law" is applied solely to minorities and not to old white jerks like you, you mean.  Check your white privilege, A$$.
Except for Russia...#whataboutrussia
Sen Crony, you such a comedian. 

What flavor kool-aid do you prefer?

Prob Agent Orange.

Your sycophancy has a price, tovarisch.
Hmmm....
Poor Jeff, Leaks, This W/H has been the Leakiest Ever. Did he finally realise this with his, what was it now? oh yes, lie detector for all.
Tell me another joke...oh, have you had a Town Hall yet?
Poor Jeff he can't win for loosing.  Twice now, TWICE he had to be told he CAN NOT hold any federal funding from sanctuary cities.
Was sessions involved in dismissing that court case against the Russian female lawyer that met with Jr. Trump Tower? That would be a crime.
By preying on the most vulnerable. Target corporations and jail them for fraud.
What a joke. The fox is in The Henhouse.
You Dinosaurs NEED TO RETIRE. Try embracing diversity for once in your lifetime. Put down the guns & lead with your heart.
The same Sessions who lied about meeting with Russians?  Reallllly?
The racist rule of law?
Be glad you are a white male of age... rule of law based of 50's thought process isn't who USA is today or should be...
He perjured himself before he even took the AG job.
. If  it were true Jeffy would be impeaching Trump ,his Spawn & his obsequious followers
Returning the DOJ to the rule of law for whom, Senator? You clearly don't have a clue about your constituents... sad.
And meantime your fearless leader is tweeting videos depicting  violence against political opponents and women. @gop does nothing #maga
What a really sad day for America when Jeff Sessions is praised in such a manner. He is obviously not fit for the job, but then he is GOP...
Unless those laws affect your party, then you ignore them. Hypocrites.
You mean the rule of hatred toward anyone that is not white
The irony is that he has lied to Congress on several occasions and has not been reprimanded.
Frauds. Texas deserves better than Cornyn.
By prosecuting a lady who laughed at him? By expanding civil forfeiture? By ending community engagement & civil rights programs? What a joke
Thank you once again for leading the movement to TURN TX BLUE!
So return to "rule of law?" How about Sessions lying under oath? I'm pretty sure "I forgot" isn't a valid defense for anyone but himself
lets hope it isn't the Law of Jim Crow SAD @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @TxBlackDemocrat @DFWIndivisible @PoliticalDiscor
YOU
ARE
COMPLICIT

WE WILL NOT FORGET ON ELECTION DAY, JOHN.

#votecornynout #ImpeachTrump #traitors #boughtpoliticianswillbevotedout
You wouldn't know the rule of law if it bit u in the behind, Coryn
Going after marijuana drug offenses instead of the drug companies, pharmacies and doctors that created the opioid crisis mocks the law.
Where do you come up with this stuff? The man is not honorable.
Lying to Congress about interactions with Russian officials is defying the rule of law, not supporting it.
Just because you believe it, doesn't make it true.  Sessions=liar.  Trump=liar.  Trump staff lie on a daily basis.  This is return to law??
Interfering in the Russian investigation by assisting in firing FBI director Comey is not abiding by the rule of law & fails our democracy.
You are sinking your own ship!! Stop treating your constituents like we are stupid.   #CowardlyCornyn #HoldTownHall #CountryOverParty
Asset forfeiture, refusing to investigate allegations of police abuse, and militarizing our police forces are abuses of power.
Yeah.  Crazy Old White Men Law.
I agree! End DACA, build the damn wall
No and no.
You mean White Rule of Law.
Then where are the grand juries for Comey, Lynch, Clinton, rice, et. al.? FISA court issued a memo on the illegal spying by the NSA & CIA
If only he hadn't lied under oath... it's a return to white law, that's for sure.
Then why is he fighting @TomFitton @JudicialWatch to prosecute HRC over emails and pay-to-play?
And 1960's Civil Rights injustices. #DeptOfInjustice
But if the dictator president disagrees with rule of Law he can just pardon, like he just did with The Criminal Arpaio
Do you truly believe that or are you just parroting what your president told you to say?
No he's not. 

Unless you mean Rule of Jim Crow Law
Now you just lied!  He has  made white supremacist think they are above the law. I hope you're one of the GOP that goes down  with Trump.
WHEN, let me guess right after the fall break, maybe after vacation. Thanksgiving, no after Christmas, um...after 1st of year. Re-elect me.
Yes he is!  1860s Jim Crow Law.
Sessions sullied the DOJ the moment he perjured himself.
Bless your heart.
Start at St. Louis
"Rule of law"
"rule of law"
Oh John, he is trying to return to racist and homophobic practices from the past. Stop supporting, cuz u r on the wrong side if history.
John don't care! He just wants to be reelected in 2020.   He just might be a racist,misogynist or asshole  or all 3 not My fave

Whites' rule of law, that is.
When may we expect Sanity to return to the WhiteHouse? Stop defending the Trump Criminal Cabal. Do your job.
A voter from 76180
I’m not convinced. Lois Lerner and others at IRS not getting prosecuted? That’s just one example.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
He owns stock in private for profit prisons. Do you also use your position to enrich yourself?
YES
Is that why everyone in the administration has lawyered up? Is perjury not a crime? Obstruction? Treason? Aiding and abetting an enemy?
It wasnt when Clinton and Comey and Muller did those things apparently.
I thought he was breaking the law. Can't trust a liar.
You're kidding, right?!? As long as the rule of law doesn't apply to Jeff Sessions, the #Trump administration, or civil rights. #gonein2020
The rule of law looks a lot like no accountability for cops who break the law.
No, he's returning it to antiquated practices that don't reduce crime at all- it just increases incarceration and stigmatization of people.
Yeah, and supposedly @JohnCornyn is for criminal justice reform. His support for Sessions makes little sense.
so far that's not true
@POTUS @VP @WhiteHouse @TheJusticeDept @CivilRights @LorettaLynch @DeptofDefense @FBI @SecretService Hons, just waitin on you! #Baltimore

Bot.
That's a weird way to say making sure to fill the private prisons he's invested in with people who commit minor offenses.
Weird way you interpret it. Sessions is working on issues way over minor offenses.
His investments in the rule of law is in order
His investments in for-profit prisons belie his intentions by assuring he benefits financially from increased incarcerations
