don't want to pay for a wall, don't want to pay higher taxes so banks & corporations can make more money.
then arrest more, citizens first,  Citizen sanctuary and national sovereignty a constitutional duty
how about that town hall?
Whether it's unusual or not it's criminal that UR putting ppl in fear & gloating about it trying 2 show UR Mr Tuff Guy.
You could also share the fact that current immigration rate from Mexico is actually negative? More going home than coming in.
were they arrested for committing a crime, or being immigrants? Because immigration is a civil matter in itself.
did you read the article? It's about who got swept up. Are you paying attention and listening to your constituents?
If they came here illegally, they are not his constitutes. We who live here legally ARE, tho -- and lots support this.
we see you are trolling replies to Cornyn.
Just because you dislike what I have to say, doesn't make me a troll. Go ahead and cry me a river now.
you don't follow this account. You are trolling.
so you condone this militant approach to hardworking people you allowed in Texas and businesses employed for years decades ?
a nominee for president not releasing his taxes is
remember what state u live in. Huge percentage of immigrants and immigrant descendants r your constituents. Town hall!
It is when a lot of them were not undocumented undocumented according to the law.
S.375 is irresponsible, withdraw this bill! We benefit if we protect the natural world around us, the bill is short-sighted
Arresting a woman in an El Paso courtroom seeking protection from abuse sure as hell is unusual.
dear senator. Have you scheduled our town meeting yet?  Where and when
so when is your town hall?
now the follow up with detention and deportation needed....keep the criminals out and stop the social welfare of illegal aliens
The numbers need to be thousands of times higher. Get the illegals O U T!
Would LOVE it if you would actually talk to your constituents at a Town Hall. What are you afraid of. #DoYourJob
Luke 19:43 "A time is coming when your enemies will build a wall around you and hold you in on all sides." No walls.
while you're sharing facts, will you also share the fact immigrants are statistically less likely to commit crimes?
At the town hall to protest, or for real conversation? Chanting and screaming? Real debate 
but your demonizing them is
but it is ok for 45 to hire immigrants for his vineyards? Cornyn call 45 and get some more $ 1-19-17 live CNN air.
Yea it's the leaks that matter not the chaos and espionage! Get your priorities in line for God's sake!
@SpeakerRyan @WhiteHouse @POTUS Stop allowing Trump to spend our tax dollars on his narcissistic rally's.
Let’s have a town hall to talk about it.
.@JohnCornyn you're in the Congress. You can say whether something unusual is happening, instead of quoting the Times.
.@JohnCornyn Or perhaps you don't know yourself?
This is what you want to talk about, senator? How about TOWN HALL? How about FISCAL CONSERVATISM? You sellout!
Keep deluding youself while shaming your family by hitching uour wagon to a criminally insane leader.
A senator totally ignoring his constituency should be unusual, but u have made it commonplace. Plutocrat!
Its not the number that bothers us, its the people being deported.  We have nothing against criminals being deported
why not focus on imm. not working, committing crimes, and leave the others following the rules by checking in alone?  I vote
Which is it: 100% false as @PressSec said, or the memo is genuine? Can't have it both ways. #MemoIsReal
And 40% undocumented immigrants are overstayed visas but Rs want $15 billion more debt for #FuckngWall that wont work.
You obviously didn't read the article. Only 12 states reported their numbers and this administration targets all immigrants.
Tell us your thoughts on investigating Trump and Russian connection.  Let’s do a town hall!  C'mon, John: you represent US.
I thought the "failing" NYT was fake news, which is it dip shit?
you think "brown shirt" round ups are necessary?  those deported  a year ago were by due process. What's wrong w/ that?
So devoid of sympathy or compassion it's astonishing. But I've come to expect nothing less from you. Shameful.
we want a voice
when will you speak directly with us and answer questions. I want a town hall
statistically speaking using the sample of every week since 1776 - it is very unusual - we used to applaud immigrants
Your failure to host a #townhall is not so unusual either Senator!
stop trying to justify this vitriol and #DOYOURJOBCORNYN
It was the way they were done in Austin, Texas, YOUR STATE, that should really be upsetting you #PutinParrot #DoYourJob
Doesn't make it right.
but the fact that 100,000 National Guard were considered to be used when rounding people up? Is that "not so unusual?"
Just gotta to keep it up and not be deterred.
Coward.
when are you going to hold a town hall?
What % of them had committed a crime beyond being here illegally (since Prez said they didn't need to worry)?
The complete lack of communication with constituents by Republican Senators is not so unusual either. It's typical. #TownHallNow
.@JohnCornyn @nytimes You admit then that 44 did a better job deporting criminal types while 45 pads the numbers with mothers and children.
#Americans have suffered enough enriching the globe. Time to go home and build your own countries!! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
.@JohnCornyn @nytimes You're also saying 44 deported lots of folks - I.e. He did his job. Kinda discredits what you said about him.
Good article, but lacking some data. 

"It is unclear.., because info on operations in only 12 states was disclosed."
is that too many or are you admitting that Obama was tough on illegal immigration?
now we all know that you are a card carrying Tea Party memeber, white people running in fear of the people of color
how many illegals are working for MOC? I bet they don't get deported. You're a 1% defending the 1% not us.  Town Hall
Obama was "deporter-in-chief," but didn't use fear mongering. He showed empathy. Where is yours? #savedaca #BRIDGEact
thanks for sharing this article
Continue to justify trump so you are in luck step with a Russian owned POTUS and support an authoritarian
None of us feel safer with the new broad immigration enforcement directive. It is wasting tax dollars and inciting fear.
Cornyn only has a mouth and no ears. He continues to ignore constituents calls and emails @dallasnews @HoustonChron
U need to conduct town hall mtg w your constituents instead of listening to that person u & your comrades elected.
if it is normal, why is @realDonaldTrump taking such HUGE credit for being tough on illegals? Hope you have a plan to jump ship.
Get your head out of the sand. Know what would help? A town hall! Your voters are happy to talk about what's important to them!
Curious Senator. What the hell are you going to do with all of them once you round them up? Where you going to keep them?
Again, John.  Why do you avoid proper due diligence? Why are you afraid of facts?
.@JohnCornyn .@nytimes Normalizing racism. You've inspired ppl to hate one another. You are no good for US. Impeach Trump immediately.
How aboutabused woman trying 2 get justice.Her abuser calls ICE so the gov't abuses her.Part of GOP war against women?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/federal-immigration-raids-net-many-without-criminal-records-sowing-fear/2017/02/16/a37e5e76-f486-11e6-a9b0-ecee7ce475fc_story.html …
stop enabling This president's fantasies. History will judge you as a coward
What's unusual is the fake news media that's attacking our Nation's existing laws and leaders
What's happening is unusual
Things happen than you post some article to normalize it. This is tried & true GOP tactic
no, it’s CHILLING!
We need to TALK to you Senator - When are you having a #TownHall ?
unless you are ten years old and one of them is your mother. Mercy.
Yesterday you tweeted about fake news, today you tweet a @nytimes article. Is fake news only fake when Trump doesn't like it?
O admin crfl 2 say only ppl w/vry serious crimes|rcnt arriv priority 4 enfrcmt, BUT NOW, EVERYONE IS A PRIORITY #Read
But the scope has expanded beyond "serious criminals" to individuals who immigrated illegally (per the article you link
it says in the third paragraph that data was taken in only 12 states. When's the townhall?
What's happening is a reign of terror for both legal and illegal immigrants, as well as their families here who are citizens.
Did you just cut this post out of a 1930's German newspaper?  If not, you are a fascist.  But no surprise there.  #clownfascist
ok. what about describing the press as an enemy of the people? pretty unusual, right?
and what about your source here? Do you agree that NYT is not fake news? And do you even read responses? #tonedeaf
"information on operations in only 12 states was disclosed." Too much missing data to make true comparison
so Pres Obama was a lot tougher on illegal immigration than we were led to believe? Or is #NYT #fakenews now?
but as opposed to arresting threats to public safety, ICE admits LEGAL residents have been swept up!
study up!  Start deporting everyone that is undocumented and you collapse our farmer economy, prices rise dramatically
Farmers are having to let their crops rot in the fields because the workers are too afraid to go to work.
The @ICEgov deportation force targetd victim of domestic abuse at the courthouse on tip from her abuser. http://buff.ly/2lVYBuE 
Why did elementary schoolers watch their parents get arrested as they went into school in central Texas?
why aren't you addressing the very real and very dangerous Russian collusion? It's embarrassing. To you and the country
deporting a domestic abuse, on a tip from abuser, victim is lower than low. No justification for that Senator
this will increase crime as pple will fear deportation 4 reporting crimes. The pres. doesn't look @ big pictur
please help me see ur POV. We have millions of undoc. Immigrants. Since u can't deport them all, won't there b impact?
let's say 10% of the deportations, 60-70 on avg. are of crime reporters, would that b worth the loss of future reports?
reports of child molesters, drug dealers, murderers, sex traffickers, all silenced because of fear of being deported.
How about referring to @nytimes @CNN @ABC @CBS & @NBC as enemies of the American people? SEEMS unusual.
But planning to federalize National Guard as a deportation force is not normal @JohnCornyn @nytimes
but I thought @nytimes is fake news?
But. But. Fake news yesterday?  Which is it? Facts when it supports your position? Fake news when it doesn't? Got it.
Senator, please support a Special Prosecutor to investigate the Trump admins connections to Russia. This is 1/
the most important thing you can do right now. It's the biggest danger our country faces today: loss of sovereignty.
.@JohnCornyn Thousands of kids walked out of schools across Dallas yesterday to protest this hateful policy. Is that unusual? #SiSePuede
Nazi Germany all over again. But how would they know? They're not taught American history any more.
so did Obama's team do a better job of focusing enforcement on criminals and NOT mothers and kids? For trumps ICE to...
hit the same average, there are more families & therefore fewer criminals being deported.. so he's just less effective.
Don't use Democrat Jedi mind trick word "undocumented." It's used to "soften" the sound of unlawful illegal immigration. #tcot
The Cacti of TX are the reason you're in #Senate, but dont keep appeasing them.
Thoughtful Texans will unseat you.
have u no humanity, Sir? These ppl our neighbors, families.
cowardly, even for a coward like you.
It's the way that it's being done, Senator. That's the difference.
Bingo.  When a battered woman is taken into custody at a protective order hearing, there are some execution issues.
