Then restore the RISK CORRIDOR for the next decade that the republicans stripped out of the ACA. Be serious and actually fix it.
@SenateMajLdr we all knew better than to think after Scalise was shot & all your bullshit about working together that you would stick to it!
YOU & @GOP are the destabilizing force, you shameless toadie.
Please don't go with the AHCA
Liar, it's tax breaks for a few, on the backs of millions.
Obviously it's not the health of the American people.
Fucking the American people is GOP's top healthcare priority. Cornyn is one of the worst.
All of you GOP bastards are just alike John.  All you care abt is yourselves & furthering your careers.  May your seat be taken in 2018
How can we trust you to have our best interests when you took $ from ISPs & sold off our consumer internet privacy protections?
Stop lying #cowardlycornyn
YOU are the ones who destabilized fixing what needed to be instead of your hostility to women, poor, disabled. BUT NO you deny except VIAGRA
Then leave it alone.
Be honest - your .01% benefactors want their tax break. And you've connived one on the backs of the sick and poor.
No it's not, John. Your top priority is taking away HC from 27million to give $1Trillion tax cuts to billionaires. #RememberWhoOwnsYou
Giving more generous subsidies would stabilize them. Just saying...
The people you represent want to Repeal Obamacare and replace w free market across state lines. No taxation without representation!
Hahahahahhaa....
You guys. Y'all crack me up.                     Oh shit. Wait your serious. Stabilizing huh? 1/6 of the economy & no info
On a side note, how'd Mitch do with his "top priority" of making Obama a 1 term POTUS? 

#Bluecoat
top healthcare priority should be insuring that it is affordable and accessible to all!
BS
77479 zip code here. - Bovine excrement! Doing it behind closed doors shows SHAME! Hearing & Debate & Amendments are VITAL! REP ALL PEOPLE!!
Liar.  Top GOP "healthcare" priority is tax cuts for the rich. #SaveACA @IndivisibleTeam
This doesn't bode well for your future reelection, Senator. You're playing around with citizens' lives here.
Will never understand why with all the REPEAL BILLS sent to Obama, not one CLEAN REPEAL has been sent to Trump!
Insurance rates are going up because of GOP's failure on healthcare according to insurance companies.  You guys are making things much worse
You guys are crafting a healthcare bill in secret because you don't want us to know how horrible it is.  #ShowUsTheBill before you debate.
Just to prove your lies that ACA is collapsing you monsters continue to sabotage the ACA . I can see the evil in your faces
Important - it's going to take all of congress standing up to your insurance lobbyist friends for that to work - united front
I don't believe you. You are going to increase my rates, and make it impossible to afford h/c at all.
McConnell isn't moving fast enough on key items.
I mean we know this is just a flat out lie
So why is the GOP being so secretive about the efforts?  Are they not proud of their work??
You, sir, are a damn hypocrite! Show us the bill.  #AHCA #Deathcare #SaveACA
Your priority, Maj Whip, is to avoid any discussion on health care & other issues.
Yellow streak on your back - can't even have a townhall.
One word: liars
Mitch is a liar & you are a fraud for even Pretending this statement is true. U are horrible human!! #ShowUsTheBill
Ah, well then, that explains it.  Their top priority ought to have been health care.
Don't you mean 'allowing private insurance to make more profit while giving the top 1% a big tax cut'?
I called your office today and will be calling tomorrow to tell you again that this Texan doesn't want this bill!
I wouldn't believe one word out of this persons mouth, ever.
If the goal was to improve healthcare you'd have open debates. Not hide in a room and keep your own party in the dark. #ShowUsTheBill #ACHA
Man up Mr Cornyn! Step in & tell McConnel that he should lay the bill on the table & work it out as a team.
It's people's lives he messing with.
How about you stop acting childish & #ShowUsTheBill that will affect the lives of 23 mill people. So sure of your plan? Then #ShowUsTheBill
The Trump Show is not distracting voters from the Republican attempts to shove Trump Care down our throats without discussion or debate.
"The people have a right to know what is happening behind closed doors with secret HC negotiations" - John  "TurdFace" Cornyn, 2010
Ensuring coverage is not, however. #AHCA #AHCAKills #ACA #ACARepeal #Obamacare
Let us see the bill! You giant corporate sellout!
Remember this? You stated "The people have a right to know what is happening behind closed doors with secret HC negotiations" 1/7/10
You're a bunch of liars. You don't care about the American people. Fund cost sharing subsidies, insurers say this is a huge problem.
Use the #NuclearOption and get it done @JohnCornyn
To quote the senator: "The people have a right to know what is happening behind closed doors with secret HC negotiations" #showusthebill
Two words: Beto O'Rourke
Bullshit. You 12 angry white men want to give tax breaks to rich regardless of decimation it causes. What are you hiding w/NO HEARINGS?
Having MS is nothing I could have avoided! There isn't a cure, as your constituent - don't screw me OVER! I will die w/out INSURANCE!
But yeah making sure the CEOs of insurance companies can buy another golden yacht is a good goal too I guess
Their top priority should be making sure americans don't die from preventable diseases because they couldn't afford absurd premiums.
Liar. Just adding to ur bank acct. Empty soul. Ur family will have to live with ur deplorable legacy. Pretend they're not related. Disgrace.
Um... shouldn't the priority be to provide the most inexpensive, quality healthcare to as many as possible?
You really think throwing a monkey wrench in the whole system will stabilize it? This is not what your constituents want! #ShowUsTheBill
No vacation stay and get something done
Errr...I mean stabilizing insurance companies profits....
If you replace "stabilizing insurance market" with "cutting taxes for the wealthy" you would be, at least honest.
Liar quoting a liar.
Lie! The GOP's top priority is to destroy Obama's legacy. That's it.
More lies from #cowardcornyn and the #PartyOfLiars #PartyOverCountry #traitors
Gaslighting is unbecoming of a senator. Stop it.
Bull shit. 

Not going to sugarcoat my feelings about this. You're not listening, & doubt I could detest you any more than I already do.
People having no coverage is very stable. They die!
Ur constituents do have brains.
Trump, McConnell, and Cornyn - riders of the #hypocrolypse
When will you get over the bullshit that it is markets? Healthcare is a RIGHT! Private insurance Corporations WASTE >20%  of all healthare$s
Hahahahahahahahahahaha! LOL LOL LOL LOL! Hahahahahaha
Then why is it all private? Why can't we know anything about it? Because it probably sucks
By secret bill. And getting rid of all the sick people. Classy.
Stop lying. Just. Stop .
Work with Dems, why not?
Taking care of PEOPLE should be your top healthcare priority. People who you are suppose to be REPRESENTING in Washington.
..Texas can do so much better than Cornyn and Cruz.
So when will you share your bill? Are 23M Americans going to lose their insurance? Will the elderly get screwed? Will the terminal die?
You, John better put a stop to this. This a ridiculous ploy to try to push this through. You have already turned a lot of TX blue. SelfFried
So stabilizing insurance market is achieved by throwing millions off healthcare so you can give big tax cuts to the insurers and wealthiest?
Haha Haha
Taking money out of the insurance market won't stabilize it.

#ACA #ACARepeal #corruption #ExtremeRight #Obamacare
Then work with D's to come up with a plan for the middle class, not the far right. Keep coverage for pre-existing cond & no cap on benefits!
He means "making sure insurance CEOs get millions in tax breaks because: we all need as much $ as possible because our constituents are mad"
Can we see the bill, please? Why the dirty secrecy, Senator Cornyn?
You R's broke it to begin with! Time to hand healthcare over to Democrats to fix it. You're breaking everything you touch in Washington!
Where's the bill?
Senator,  serious question: you really think it's ok that a vote is scheduled without having debated the bill?
Then why did he destabilize the market in the first place?  Oh, that's right, he wants to WIN, not actually help people. #hypocrite
Bull. Shit.
Nobody trusts McConnel, you need to represent your state and ask for real disclosure
At who's expense?
Then #ShowUsTheBill, John. If you're SO PROUD of all the AMAZING THINGS your #SecretBill will achieve, SHOW US.
Liar!#ShowUsTheBill
Wrong focus. Healthcare costs r the issue.  Need more competition across the board, access 2 charge sheets, & sell insur. across state lines
No, it isn't
WHY ARE THE GOP HIDING IN SECRET AND RUNNING FROM REPORTERS??
Bullshit! All you care about is making sure you hurt 23 million people!
More lies.
oh please...don't insult our intelligence.
And there it is: Help Ins Corps, NOT American ppl. This is NOT access to affordable healthcare for all.#disclosehealthcarebill
That's funny.
You misspelled "McConnell's top priority is taking away healthcare from the poor/middle class so that he can give tax cuts to the wealthy."
Tax cuts for the wealthy is the GOP top priority at the expense of healthcare
So that's your cover story for this multimillion $$ wealth redistribution to your gazilliinaire paymasters? Pretty lame.
then why have y'all tried to destroy it for past 7 years?
We have to do everything possible to get @JohnCornyn @tedcruz out of office.Human rights obstructionist need voted out #VoteBeto4Texas #TX36
Tossing everything out and starting fresh doesn't sound like stabilizing
Where is the new healthcare bill?? Why are you hiding from your constituents?? Stop sucking off the Trump agenda & work on Texans
We don't believe you, much less trust you. Democracy dies in secrecy.
Where is the bill? Why are you denying your constituents and your fellow Senators to read and debate the bill?
How would we know that? Your constituents want you to #ShowUsTheBill
You don't want to stabilize insurance market, you want to give tax cuts to the wealthy.  You want your piece of the pie.
So why are insurance industry representatives saying you're doing the exact opposite? Please stop lying, the tax cut is your only priority.
Fake news.

#SwampOfLiars
#TheResistance
I legitimately hate you.
How many Americans do you want to see die b/c of #AHCA? Their blood is going to be on your hands. You should resign.
#Trumpcare
You are responsible for the destruction of our democratic system, John. YOU OWN THIS.
Tax cuts for your rich friends are your priority..stop lying
Prove it.
Bullshit!!  If that were true you wouldn't have spent so much time making it fail.
Where is the bill senator?
What are you doing to our health care?
You are choosing to stabilize the private insurance market by pricing out older and sicker people & reducing coverage for those who remain.
I have read the bill passed by the House and this will be the effect. You are underfunding risk pools and reinsurance. This is wrong.
That doesn't even take into account your shameless assault on our poorest and most vulnerable who rely on Medicaid. Pass this & u pay in 18.
Your shenanigans de-stabilized market - you are NOT my senator you represent the rich
If this statement is true, Rs won't pull $800 billion out of the system to provide "relief" to top income earners until the system is stable
Stabilizing the damage that the @GOP has done? Let's wreck something on purpose and then act like we're saving it? It's criminal
@HouseGOP is looking forward to the death of so many Americans (due to no health care) so they can give more $ to rich Republicans.
Stabilizing premiums?  Fund the ACA. EASY.
You know your screwing Americans if this is done secretly in the dead of night behind closed doors, no debates. SHOW US THE DAMN BILL !
Liar.
You think you can deflect and we will just follow? YOU WILL PAY FOR THIS WITH YOUR JOB!
Senator, you forgot to give good wishes to those celebrating Juneteenth today. Come on...
Stabilizing the Ins. Market? Thats your priority?  Jesus.  How could we think you could actually DO anything?  What drugs are you taking?
#fakenews
THN PROVE IT WHERE IS THE BILL FOR @POTUS TO SIGH @SenateMajLdr
Cornyn....how much is asshat trump paying you to spread this crap?  Why not do what is ethical for your constituents?  Or don't you care?
You're all locked away conspiring to commit mass murder.
NO, the top priority is 4 TOP 1% to get a huge tax break, force high premiums on seniors, and lifetime caps.
When exactly does that “fulsome debate” happen, John? Are we penciling that in for before or after the AHCA vote?
Great! NOW FUND THE INSURANCE RISK CORRIDORS Y'ALL GUTTED. While you're at it force GOP states (like TX) to accept Medicaid expansion.
How about lowering costs!
Propaganda! Citizens should be GOP's top priority. How will plan stabilize market? Show us! We deserve to know how AHCA will affect us all.
Is that why you are holding secret meetings with no women involved? It is too secret so that you can help the rich????
Ha! Proof?
You could stabilize the market by ensuring subsidies and CSRs. It's uncertainty which is causing market to fall apart.
Again more BS from you. Mitch McConnell doesn't give a crap about anything but lining his pockets.. American people be damned.
Then show us the bill. What are you all afraid of? That 20% approval?
Then may I make a suggestion ... STOP HIDING AND SHOW US THE BILL!  #ShowUsTheBill
That would be a complete turnaround from the past 7 years of GOP health "care" policy. Why should we trust you? #ShowUsTheBill
Actually, taking healthcare $ from the poor to give them to my rich friends is the guiding GOP principle for AHCA. But you knew that.
Foolish, foolish man. Have you not even a shred of decency left? How can you do this to us? No matter your claim, we don't want the #AHCA.


Where is female input?
It was stable before Republicans worked so hard to sabotage the ACA. PRE-ACA was hell & GOP is making post-ACA even worse. Bastard.
WATCH: McConnell complains about Democratic health care bill "being written behind closed doors" in 2009.
If it was GOP would work together with dems to give us best healthcare we can get. Try making costs of care and scripts more transparent
"...right after securing massive tax cuts for our patrons in the 1%. Oh, and dismantling Medicaid. So those first, then market stability."
https://goo.gl/images/Cv3S9F 
How would we know??? A bill authored in secret. What are you hiding?  You truly stink at your job.
Prove it. If you are so proud of the contents, make the bill public and win the debate. You are a feckless, lying coward.
SHOW US THE BILL ALREADY YOU LIARS
"Fake news."- John Cornyn
doesn't appear that way. Looks more like you're trying to give lip service to Trump priorities and ill-conceived campaign promises.
Senate liar in chief 
Show us the bill! And show us proof that Mitch McTurtle has EVER stabilized anything in his life.
Why are hearings OK in 09 for ACA, but not 17 for AHCA? #BadBill #NotWhatTheDrOrdered
In past 12 months, McConnell has blocked bipartisan defense of US against Russian attack, hidden healthcare bill, & stolen SCOTUS seat.
