3 Years, 4 Months, 25 Days, 5 Hours, 42 Minutes, and 43 Seconds
You're negativity is a losing battle.  Most of us love Trump. We support him and see the really good things he's doing for us.
33% isn't "most".
33% is 100 million Americans, right? Chances are, that 33% extremely wrong & low. Quit being so negative - take trolling skills elsewhere
Comical and delusional.
I agree he's comical in many ways. Delusional....I'm not a mental health expert. I do feel he supports me and is working hard
You must be a straight, white male? 
Some of us,in fact most, have character. Ivory towers always come crashing down. Always.
And you clearly think straight white male cannot make an informed decision and have no character
how about you heed warnings from climatologists.
Getting a lot hotter these last ten years, Gulf warmer, more violent hurricanes. Hate to say it but: Global Warming!
ilginçki bu tivitlerle karşılaştım tesadüfe inanmam evrenin sahibi dünya sahne perdesinin film yönetmenidir sonbaharda yaprak dökülür sonra
Appears to be a great governor, doing an excellent job in Texas.
@realDonaldTrump Lets Make America Great Again we can come back Twice as Strong I believe We Can! #MAGA #Harvey
There's another storm on the way!
United States National Prayer Council is in deep prayer concerning this event. Pastor Jenine Marie Howry  State of Texas Director #Harvey
Yeah, events like these are best dealt with using actual facts. Thanks though.
Prayers < a FEMA Director ? 
Im not a FEMA director I am a State of Texas Prayer Director and local Pastor
how do you feel about how long & how much pressure it took Osteen to open his doors?
I feel that this is not a time to be judgmental of anyone but to consider the safety and protection of lives living in that area.
I wish Osteen had thought that way

@realDonaldTrump Abortion is a human http://right.You  can not punish those who abort.There're many reasons e.g  rape, malformation... 

Awesome!
And, make certain to ignore the squatter in the WH.
RT @GovAbbott: To ensure your safety ahead of #Harvey heed warnings from local officials & review important safety infor...
Will Mayor Sylvester Turner be prosecuted, for causing the deaths of those who could have been evacuated??
you gorgeous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dont rely on @realDonaldTrump tweets for hurricane info-rely on local news. It's REAL info & saves lives. You endanger American lives btw.
Trump is just now retweeting this from yesterday morning? Little late now.
Agreed. From what I understand a building that was being used as a shelter collapsed last night. Horrifying. 
It was the high school. 10 injured. We are having a tough go. These political trolls. Can you imagine if they did this during Katrina?
That's so sad. And you'd think a school would be strong enough to withstand it. A lot of shelters are schools. :(
Sorry we can't help you with the disaster we need to build a motherfuking wall first
Yep
https://twitter.com/pnehlen/status/902014463167082496 …
But the Mayor didn't issue evacuation orders.  You do everything you can to hurt women and the poor, so your words don't mean anything.

Washington Post gets it right! We bash the media a lot. Important to give them kudos for being truthful (for a change). 

The media need to wake up and see Antifa for what they really are. Domestic terrorists. 
Democratic leaders in Houston screwed millions by evacuation debacle Sad. Trump and Republicans show class by not mentioning facts. MAGA USA

Antifa protesters storm Berkeley rally; at least 13 people were arrested 
Dont worry, president coming for a visit and will take much needed resources away from those in need. #pence4Prez #MAGA
Any white supremacist voter-suppression rednecks missing in storm? #infowars
https://t.co/YSHW3BYCllExon Mobile,lied to us for 40 years so they could profit off of what destroys our Earth.
#FakeNews

There are literally only a handful of Trump supporters (not even Alt-Right) at #Berkeley - Yet Antifa violently riots anyway. Terrorists.
Great pic from space; different story on the ground.

Cops "help" the photographer to safety AFTER he was beaten up by Antifa who thought he was Trump supporter. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4828672/Masked-antifa-swarm-Berkeley-rally-assaulting-several.html … 
Thanks
praying for you in texas!
Gov & trump failed to buss out the poor, elderly and disabled before the storm hit. Failing Gov Abbott #FailingFatPOTUS #ImpeachDonaldTrump
WOW WHAT A HUGE STORM, STAY SAFE TEXAS.
Because of Chem Trail Weather/Atmosphere Manipulations... People are Not Oblivious...     Why No Comment??... The  Is Now Awake...
Why wasn't Houston evacuated

this is what we dont want to hear.
https://www.facebook.com/BrianCurtisJournalist/videos/1628097293920286/ … https://twitter.com/RaelynnDeux/status/901939593213333504 …
Amen Brother
Trump defunded FEMA, Coast Guard, weather service, flood protection plans & climate studies.
Texans deserve to know how their elected officials voted on disaster relief, flood protection, climate & flood resilient design issues

Texas senators who voted against aid for Hurricane Sandy ask for federal assistance ahead of Hurricane Harvey http://hill.cm/xHJJk36  
You say leave but Democrat mayor says stay.Arrest him for endangering ppl'slives and murder for those that die.
My son told me and he lives in Texas that tornado warnings are being issued in Gregg County and Rusk County because of the storm
As it was in the days of Noah:  Dear Father God:  Let not the righteous suffer because of workers of iniquity.  We speak to the storm.
For people with animals in the flood zone Red Roof Inn in La Quinta will always take animals. Don't leave them behind
Remember this 2 days before the storm:
Russia, Russia, Russia,  Russia, Russia, Russia,  Russia, Russia, Russia,  Russia, Russia, Russia,  Russia, Russia, Russia, 
That's old news. Racism is the next failed catch phrase.
. You're right...I wonder what this week will be!?
It funny how you have to keep retweeting everyone else's tweet since your too busy playing golf
Warnings like "leave" when they can't afford to or are homeless and terrified?  FO Gregg.
Non non. Le climat n est pas déréglé. Tout vas bien. 
You should heed warnings from climate scientists.
Heed warnings, @realDonaldTrump? The warnings and information from "fake news" media? Amazing how you tell folks to trust them this time!

NBC at least said 50 inches yesterday, I think the MSM is on this story accurately. Whatever info govt and locals release can be different.
Yesterday was a lil late...
It's very difficult to assign any genuineness to anything either of you two say. Sad!
Wish we in AZ had as good a governor as you, Gov. Abbott!

What I don't get is why scientists couldn't predict these huge storms years ago & prevent#Harvey. #climatechange
I hear D.C. let cap officials are calling for your resignation. Follow your own advice before you're swept away in a fact flash flood
You suck.





You need to EVACUATE people ahead of time in areas that are going flood!!
You can thank the democratic mayor for telling people NOT to evacuate.
So NOW that there isn't a black President, Gov Abbott isn't terrifying his residents with tales of FEMA takeover of Texas. Strange, eh?
https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/8/25/16205040/hurricane-harvey-checkpoints-immigration-border …

Look like oneself: drawing few months back
Holy Crap! Is that photo to scale? Oregon is screwed.
People PLEASE, when told to stay in, do so. Don't venture out thinking your going to be fine. Tragedy strikes in seconds! Life is precious.
To ensure your safety ahead of #Trump heed warnings from HRC & review important safety information.
Darn thought that was fake News
USE YOUR JUDGEMENT, LOT OF HYPE WITH THIS, MEDIA JUST DYING TO GET THE CLIMATE CHANGE NARRATIVE OUT THERE
Big government mumbo jumbo
You disrespected the service of transgenders and you pardon a bigot and racist all while thousands huddle from the storm. Proud moment? No!
Heyyy Abbbottt!
Hope everyone is staying safe and ignoring what ever DJT says.
Love our governor he is awesome from Brownsville Tx


Like
To insure our safety, impeach this clown
Abbot just another racist thug. GOP does not offer solutions to WeThePeople - they want to control our minds&tell us what we can/cannot do.
Prayers and hope to y'all.
..& review blingin safety shiznit. I aint talkin' bout chicken n' gravy biatch. #Trizump https://t.c
RT @GovAbbott: To ensure yo' safety ahead of #Harvey heed warnings from local officials..
Praying for the people of Texas who are impacted by the hurricane.
Right cuz wishing death on someone is such a mature and rational thing to do. Wow, Adults acting as children. Just plan sad
To all..To ensure your safety, move from Texas. Texas Republicans are hazardous to your health.
I think I can poke #HurricaneHarvery in the pussy.
Mr trump is on top of it, thank u...hardest working pres ever! For $1 salary...even obama didn't do that!

Or just stay in the path of the hurricane and offer up thoughts and prayers instead. Jackasses Pruitt and Drumpf seem to think so.
and for hundreds of thousands who lost power and can't access the internet ot hunders od thosaaunds who don'y have it, YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN!!
Donnie JUST RETWEETED....
#DayLateDonnie
Praying for the people of Texas.
the photo is fake no doubt from the NASholes...
Perspicacity 65 KEC : Hurricane Harvey 65 KEC


Trump's an idiot who ruins the world for fun, but this social media campaign to inform people about a deadly storm is effective--Positive!
Just switch HAARP off! Disaster averted 
LIST IT IN HERE...
Contacted my reps to demand full support for Texas. Don't want them to be assholes like Texas reps that voted against aid for NJ.
CNN is to busy with their subversive propaganda campaign against President. Now they say he hi jack their hurricane when he did a news dump
On Friday.These guys have lost it & MSNBC is running close 2nd Reduced to madness.They do not love the truth & strong delusion overtook them
What an awesome photo. Isn't Mother Nature beauty powerful and eloquent
Thank you Gov, from future Texas residents.
https://radar.weather.gov/ridge/radar.php?rid=crp&product=N1P&overlay=11101111&loop=no …
Trump support: 35%. Americans who want to see Trump impeached: 40%.
Remember that time you went full tin hat and said you needed to keep Texas on alert to a routine military exercise? You're going to help us?
And again just retweets.
Can't we just behave erratically like the Campaigner-in-Chief?
Are you allowing the federal danger into TX? FEMA wants to help, but...federal you know.
Yes, don't take evacuation advice from @GovAbbott . Listen to your local officials.
Of course, the media was not interested in disasters under O.

Yes. Because your government will not help you, especially if you are female, elderly, LGBTQ, a veteran, a POC, an immigrant or low income.
I'm hearing on TV people are following power trucks back into damaged areas NO NO NO Tell people to stay PUT Still days of rain to come
I am praying for all of you!!
THE SNOWFLAKES, MSM & DEMS HEADS ARE EXPLODING!!!!!!!!
PROUD AMERICAN
I hope no one dies in this great storm. It is only this big and strong because of climate change,
Hurricanes, and major hurricanes, have always happened. 
Apparently your favorite flavor of Koolaid is Bluebarry.
hi
Didn't know Texas was above the sky
You mean we should pat attention to the fake news. So now it's not fake. Oh ok

BETER OLUN PUŞTLAR
