Tax cuts 4 rich. Healthcare cuts 4 poor&sick. Heartless bill written by heartless men.ThisTexanwill never vote 4anyone who votes4that bill.
@JohnCornyn, while we're at it--(since you seem to not always get your phone messages) I care about Russia and support the investigation.
The Unaffordable Care Act!
I am a constituent. This is one of the most evil things I have seen proposed in a long time. How can you sleep at night? #VoteNoAHCA
And we haven't even gotten a CBO report yet. That should be fun too, right?
written in secret, no input from women, gives tax cut to rich, and takes insurance away from tens of millions. Sounds awesome.
@tedcruz You know you can spend time being homeless through Waco's, Mission Waco's program. I suggest you try it. Get a glimpse of reality!
Awesome! We could do date night if you'll come w/me! I won't have to shower--reduces my carbon footprint! Good idea!
Everyone should experience it! Absolutely!
You can't hide from your constituents forever. We will legally make your term a living hell - metaphorically!
We see right through you
Sen. Casey realizes we might not have time & legal expertise. Read it for us. #REALtransparency
Going through this disaster of a 'health care' plan now. https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/SENATEHEALTHCARE.pdf …
what a racket!
Only more sick and vulnerable harmed, and millionaires get more millions.  We are not building a society anymore
#not
This is a horrible plan
I have read it and I am ashamed to be an American. ACA is not perfect, but it is better than this. This is not what Jesus would do. #Sad
This is a joke.
Amen!  Cornyn needs to go
Know this: the majority of Texans oppose Trumpcare, and we will do what is legal and necessary to oppose you and your corrupt party.
In 20 years Obamacare will be gone, replaced by universal healthcare for all.  And you will be unemployed.
Amazing. No mention of women. Your total #totaltransparency is women don't exist? Guess you don't need their votes. Good to know.
Once again you are just following the party line and not considering any damage or the damage to your constituents. You need to be replaced
when is this clown up for re-election?
Obviously don't care about pregnant women or their child. R U kidding me? Come on Senator.  Do the right thing
Not only are you greedy but a liar as well. Call this what it is-tax cut for the rich. You've now been informed why you will lose in 2020
Disastrous for most, incl rural hospitals that serve elderly, poor patients. You and #GOP should be ashamed. Pitiful excuse for #healthcare
Please amend current HSA law to allow the use of HSA funds to pay monthly health insurance premiums without penalty.
Ayn Rand would be so proud!*

*um, that's not a good thing.

#Election2020 #RepealAndReplaceCornyn
Calling this a health care plan is like raising peoples taxes & calling it a windfall act. This takes away healthcare; does not provide it!
You are a monster and a liar.
I read it. More money for the rich and no protection for my son who fought cancer and won but would no longer be insurable. No thanks.
No transparency Senator. You are hurting the most vulnerable among us for tax cuts for the rich. #VoteNoAHCA #youworkforme
I did. Sad. You proud?
How do you not get this? I'd be racked with guilt at leaving millions without care, knowing I had a hand in deaths and bankruptcies. Listen.
And yet I bet he's still waving that Christian flag. Cuz this is probably the exact plan Christ would have designed.
Wrapping oneself in a Christian blanket doesn't make you a Christian.  What happened to "I am my brother's keeper"?  You are a hypocrite JC!

Want more? I have plenty more where that came from.
You hid the bill, involved no dems, no women, no people of color. #shameful
Oh we have and it's deplorable. You can't call yourself ProLife when you take away healthcare. #CornynSins #JesusIsWatching
Why don't you read it since you're voting for it? We will not forget your part in this "big John".
Did you throw up in your mouth a little with that hashtag John? Here's one that fits you much better, #hypocrite
Have any of you whining about the bill actually read it?
Nothing less than FULL REPEAL of ACA.
Please don't repeal the ACA.
It the new plan is so wonderful, why did you exempt yourself from it?
. @JohnCornyn Does this sound like better care? As a Breast Cancer Survivor I find this chilling.
I did, and it CUTS MEDICARE and GIFTS ILLEGALS MEDICAL CARE!!!
Shame on you, do your job, protect American seniors!!!
GOP  plan is  "help stabilize" mkt that left "millions" without an option by kicking 24 Million off insurance? How does that work?
It's terrible
So John, you and Mitch, your healthcare bill is 97.8% Obamacare. You two must be very proud of your 2.2%.
Lipstick on a pig.  #NoTrumpcare
I did. Creates more questions than answers. Try again. This time, out in open, w/ more ppl (women, other ethnicities). 3x charm
This bill is perfect who  dies from no insurance?  No one gets sick. No one gets hurt, Ever!
We are, all of us, Living Gods who finally will break free from these mortal coils and it will be because of this bill.
It is a bad bill, draft!  Repair Affordable Care!! We want a town hall meeting!
Cool so how many hearings will it have, how much debate, any Dem. amendments? #totaltransparencymyass
It's not transparency if you don't let women have input. This is kleptocracy. Texans will suffer from your negligence.
Class warfare disguised as a healthcare bill. 

Funny how a panel of 13 white men funded by the uber-rich fail to care about that reality.
Baby Killer!
I'm not sure it is a total repeal. I am just tired of paying $1300 a month w/ a $7000 deductible & 1 choice.
With every tweet I lose a little more respect for you and your job perfomance.  You are a sellout and a discrace to Texas.  Coward
I read it & it sucks. You are not prolife. This bill will kill people.
Thank you, will do. Do you have a link to the actual 142-page bill? I'd like to read that, too. Thank you
Hi Josie - the bill is linked at the bottom of the summary, and also here: https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/SENATEHEALTHCARE.pdf …
It's shit, Johnny. I don't mind paying a little more, as a young, healthy male, to help the poor, old and ill.
It's inhumane and you're absolutely disgusting for supporting it.
Total transparency?! Oh, you mean AFTER you sequestered yourselves & took ZERO input from ANYONE when writing it? That's not transparency..
It's not a repeal.  It's a tax giveaway to the rich.  It will hurt the poor and elderly.  If this is the best you can do, just give up.
Yes. It is a nightmare.
Done! I read it and as I suspected, it is awful! I feel bad for your old, sick, & poor constituents especially.
This is nothing but a tax cut for the rich, a death sentence for the elderly,  a trash can for those children with severe physical problems.
Read it. This bill is awful. You don't care about your constituents. You just care about $ and power. When's your next town hall?
No repeal here, get the government out of health care, look what you have done to the VA and medicare.
No...i want to read the bill itself
Texas has a deplorable history of caring for the disabled. You will solve that with this bill by just letting them all die. Shameful.
I'd love to discuss the bill with someone on your staff, but no one answers and the voicemail is full.
You're proud of this? Really? You're a mean and corrupt man.
You mean the "Rob from the poor, sick, elderly and disabled and give to the 1%" travesty that you have the gall to call healthcare? Really?

A revised copy.
4. WWJD? Not this. Healthcare is a human right, not welfare. Take politics out of it. This is about being humans.
3. This is not good. Healthcare is a human right. Jesus himself walked around healing the sick & raising the dead, those who died of illness
2. The only reason I live in this state is to look after her. Sibs & I already contributing to her care and livelihood
@tedcruz My mom has severe RA. For the love of Christ, she's already crippled & it only gets worse! Think about what you're doing to her
Read it, watched you on Senate floor.  Why do you hate poor children? The disabled? The elderly? When did your moral compass break?
Thanks!  This is so good it should be the health insurance for all congressman and senators! Stay healthy John!
How abt hosting some town halls tell us how this bill helps Texans?  Our maternal mortality rate is highest in industrialized world.
Your replacement is horrendous. Luckily, replacing you in 2020 won't be!
You really must hate your Texas constituents to think this is good. I'm an old life long Texan w/ full benefits...Trumpcare is disgusting.
I hate you in ways you can't understand.
I'm a Texas voter and this bill does not represent me or my interests. Please vote against it.
#totaltransparency does not mean what you think it means. 
Do you also think the white, male, authors of the bill represent #totaldiversity?
A bill crafted by all men with only 1 week of hearings is NOT transparency.  More Republican lies, how many constituents will die?
For Shame @JohnCornyn.  Take the time and get it right.  This bill is NOT right!
#totaltransparency hasn't been what your GOP Senator colleagues have been saying about it the past few weeks. #straightuplying more like it
We need to join every other first world country with universal healthcare.  This is irresponsible at best and murder in reality.
Funny that "giving the wealthy big tax cuts" isn't one of the top bullet points #hypocrite #VoteThemOut
I am telling everyone who can't afford insurance under this plan to go only to emergency rooms and NEVER pay their bills.
Gov needs to get out of it. Drop regulations that prevent insurance from being affordable and let the market run. Allow concierge programs
I am 64 with great insurance, but I will never be to retire with the terrible plan.
Defend the reduction in Medicaid when (y)our state's maternal and infant mortality rates are rising dramatically.
Hey John, your voicemail is full in DC & busy signal in NTX. All vote Yes calls I assume? #Trumpcare #Meaner #TrumpcareKills
Total teansparency? Is that a sick joke?
#TotalDisaster you meant to say, right? Unless you're rich, white, and male. Guess that explains your #TotalDisregard for your constituency
Written behind closed doors, no hearings, no amendments from Dems, no input from women at all. Doesn't sound transparent to me.
That substution clause makes your transparency claim a lie. For shame, Senator.
You are a sorry excuse for a representative. Unfortunately I live in your district. You will never get my or my husband's vote.
You should be ashamed! When will you represent your ppl and not your party! This bill enslaves 98% of Americans to most wealthy!
"I can't imagine a more transparent and open process."

Are you F**king KIDDING me? #Wealthcare #TaxCutsForTheRich #DeathSentenceForThePoor
How about hearings, amendments,  etc - or does the normal legislative process sound scary for some reason in this case?
Clean REPEAL!
Nobody is buying it. You're talking points summary means nothing. You betrayed us.
I read bill last night, filed it with my other tragedies/horror books
Appalling that you are proud to let people go without coverage and say they can use the ER if get sick. Said so on floor of Senate, on TV.
Of course you qualified that statement by saying you would not want your daughters to do that. Let them eat cake!
I read it. It is not Better Care. It is less care, more expensive, for fewer people. A return to the past not healthcare of the future.
Total transparency is a joke, and a slap in the face to Americans. This is literally another language. You couldn't even read it. 1/
That's why you gave it to K Street to write for you. And what do they do? Reverse everything the black man did. You are DESTROYING 2/
People's lives because you resent the black man who is superior in every way. You hate poor people. You hate sick people. You hate elderly.
You hate anyone who reminds you that you are just average. You aren't superior. You're just rich. Best outcome for you is more money
2649 days to create a discussion draft-any other employer on earth would have fired your ass on Jan 21 for not being ready
Read it! Not what your staffer Jonathan promised. What do you say to parents of children w/disabilities who will lose lifesaving benefits?
They'll be dying in pain and disease from his cruel giveaway to the rich and he will be telling them to "be civil". #GOPScum #GOPTraitors
Please read your faxes
Why limit access for women getting pap smears and check ups at Planned Parenthood? Not the same as abortion.
Read it. Tax cuts for wealthiest, medicare cuts for poor, higher premiums and medicare cuts for ages 65+.
#No Trumpcare! terrible legislation. Don't do this to America.
So, you're saying my insurance will be more affordable & as good as what I currently have? Are you gonna pay the difference if you're wrong?
It's not transparent. U waited bc u know it's wrong. Please don't do this
Omg. It sucks even harder than I thought!! Thanks for sharing. Don't vote for it. It's terrible.
or read the actual thing, not how they've twisted it:

https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/SENATEHEALTHCARE.pdf …

#ACTUALtransparancy
Do NOT vote for the senate version of "healthcare"!  No to #trumpcare
Do you understand cutting Rx pills in half bc you need to stretch them out? Halving the dosage in hopes that it will still work? Texans do.
Cornyn's legacy:
Let's see. Texas' maternal mortality rate is among the highest. This does not help it at all. In fact, cutting medicaid will worsen it.
At least texas will be able to opt out of essential coverage so you can STILL be denied even if you have insurance.
I do not support the healthcare overhaul I live in 77004.
Can we please have a town hall in Austin to discuss?
That will NEVER happen. Big John Cornyn is a sniveling coward who serves only the cause of the DEATH and SUFFERING of Non-wealthy Americans.
Can read you read and also comprehend?
Just because you're killing Americans more slowly with the Senate healthcare bill, doesn't make it better.
Good article on the treason you aid and abet:
Let's see, billions to the wealthy by taking healthcare from 75 million Americans over the next decade.
You mean the tax cut bill. Really has nothing to do with healthcare
Have you read it?  Asking for a friend.
Written in secret #WithLobbyists from big insurers and big pharma
I've read it. Bad news if you're sick, older, female, low income … oh wait, that's me! #terrible #TrumpcareKills #TaxCutsForWealthy
Sounds lovely, but I'd like to know who will insure 60-year old female and 2college age kids when husband retires.
No vacation, do job, work full time finish healthcare. all Americans have to work full-time that's what you were elected to do
Do u think I am going 2 trust the GOP 2 be honest about ur bill which u say isn't final? I have disabled family ur bill will let die.
How does this $880,000,000,000 tax cut for the wealthy improve healthcare for Texans, @JohnCornyn?
Name one legitimate medical organization or patient advocacy group that is supporting this bill. It is a $600B tax cut for the wealthy.
History won't remember you poorly - it won't remember you at all, traitor.
Your total transparency tag is laughable. This bill will decimate millions of America's most vulnerable. It is unacceptable. #VoteNoAHCA
I did and it sucks!
What time are you coming home? We'd like to greet you at the airport. When's the town hall so we can give you feedback? What's the hurry?
Like how you put the biggest lies at the beginning.
Everyone opposing this bill.....vote in opposition to EVERY member of congress who votes for it!!! Get ready. We will speak nov 2018!!!!
Unfortunately we are stuck with Cornyn until 2020, if there are any of us left.
What's more sad? JC goes down in history as 1 of 13 rich white guys that killed millions of 's? Or he supports treason? Tough call. Infamy
Read it yesterday. "Better care" most definitely should NOT be its name! Throwing grandma out of her nursing home is unconscionable, john!!!
Obamacare was on pace for record enrollment in January. Time to repeal and replace you and your ilk.
that wasn't the bill, that was a commercial! I'm a Texan and I care what happens about h/c.  Color me not happy with you.
Sad to see another GOP majority lost on failed campaign promises. Repeal and remove the Fed from public healthcare. Your job depends on it.

- And as I told you on FB - waivers inconsistent with protection of ppl with preexisting conditions. /2
4 @JohnCornyn Americans will be free to die without care.
- This is not the bill. Self-serving summary meant to mislead the gullible & uneducated base of Trump voters. /1
3 @JohnCornyn We all pay when the uninsured show up at the emergency room. Our insurance rates rise.
I will continue to reach out to you to remind you that you do not represent the best interests of your constituents. #KilltheBill
you keep saying "wait and see", now we know how hateful a bunch of old men can be when expressing their thoughts about poor/women in private
2 @JohnCornyn When the “free” get sick or have an accident are they free to go to the emergency room, which sir is not free? Who pays then?
You kept saying "wait and see", now we know this is a massive tax break for your rich campaign donors at the expense of poor/miiddle class.
Schedule a 100 hearings over the next year and we can talk transparency.
1 . @JohnCornyn Health insurance is not a car.  “Freeing people from buying health insurance” what happens when the “free” need healthcare?
You really are a laugh a minute Johnnie. Love the bs hashtag. Inaacurate, misleading, & false bullet points followed by 142 pgs of legalese.
I know you are hearing more from your constituents that they don't support the bill. Does it matter what your people want?
Please don't support the AHCA. The citizens of Texas are counting on you.
Am I supposed to thank you for taking away the meds & equipment I depend on? Screw you John. What happened to working FOR us?
I can't believe you have the gall to call this transparency.
A sad piece of reading. Tax cuts for wealthy at the expense of middle class and poor. You must be proud? Texas can do better than Cornyn.
My God, man- WAKE UP! You are as ignorant as Trump and twice as stibborn!! LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS! for once. #NotAHealthCareBill
I didn't think I could respect you any less, but I was wrong. You truly hate the poor, infirm, & those you consider beneath you.
Can't want for CBO to read it.
Sorry Senator, but that bill is #trash #VoteNoAHCA #vote2020
How about you guys edit and improve the ACA instead of gutting it and cutting benefits? Why do you hate women so much?
Take your lifetime caps, defunding of @PPact, & slashing of Medicaid & shove it where the sun doesn't shine. #TrumpCare #nocare
You can also take your Ayn Rand fantasies on a long walk off a short pier into shark infested waters
Disgusting. @PRyan says he's been "dreaming" of capping health insurance funds for low-income Americans since he was drinking out of kegs. 

Please don't saddle us with a obamacare lite program...give to the free market and watch what happens! #makehealthcaregreatagain
