If I were Comey I would not do it.Cruz and you will be too worried about protecting Trump and Putin like you did to Sally Yates
Glad Comey is testifying. Please ask relevant questions this time, no more of that partisan shtick like we saw with Sally Yates.
You mean partisan Yates answers or lack of ...right???
Still want to focus on leaks?
US photographers barred from Lavrov meeting. Russian govt brings cameras and a whole kit bag of electronic equipment. Into the Oval. https://twitter.com/colinkahl/status/862341867161235456 …
We want an #independentspecialprosecutor. You need 2 get a clue how serious YOUR constituents are. Get out of the way &let the truth b found
I pray that all the Americans will finally get the truth and trump doesn't block because he is afraid of his involvement u all knowhlies
You going to actually investigate this time? Or ask more butthurt questions about your hard on for the racist travel ban?
Use this opportunity to actually serve us Texans and the American people #SaveYourSoulWhileYoureAtIt #CountryOverParty
Patriot. That's a good word  Senator. No flag waving. Be an American not a Republican
I'm your constituent and I demand an independent investigation into Trump's ties to Russia! It's the patriotic thing to do!
You gonna ask him about hilllary then? Why not ask favorite color. What turns him on...?
OK, we know these open hearings are political theater & we're not going to hear any shockers, but can you please try to act like you care?
You are mixed up in this Russian mess. Are you going to put country over party? Or go out as a traitor? History has its eyes on you...
Will your questions be as partisan as they were Monday?
Good question
What's the over/under on how many times he pleads the fifth???
Now just maybe we can get somewhere! If u aren't for the truth then u need to step back!
Might be a good day to be a patriot and defend America and not your power Trump and Putin
I hope you and Cruz get off your partisan asses and ask real questions about #TrumpRussia - you know, what this is supposed to be about.
independent investigation is needed. John, ur no patriot. U put party before people. Ashame.
Yeah bet he won't. And if subpoenaed will invoke the 5th.
Are you listening to calls for true Patriotism?
45 demands Comey loyalty, Comey promises honesty and now he's fired. #obstructionofjustice  its going down for GOP. Stop protecting agent 
We need a special prosecutor.
Special Prosecutor now
I'm calling all 3 offices and no one is answering. Your fax machine is also turned off. Today is not the day to hide.
Not a day to hide Senator.
Please keep your questions on topic this time.
You and @SenTedCruz will be voted out. TX is embarrassed by you. You want to align with the treason in the WH, then you can be evicted too.
I don't think Comey wants to have his trash aired.mabe he has something to hide?
he can't respond to much anyway.  Remember...he has to check w/ DOJ. 
uggg, not worth wasting time and productivity
So, are you going to ask him about the travel ban also, or drop the partisan shtick and actually represent your constituents with dignity?
Patriot. That's a good Senator. No flag waving. Be an American not a Republican
It's time to be a patriot, finally, senator. No more soft-balling. No more partisan bluster. Time for an independent investigation.
Patriot. That's a good word Senator. No flag waving. Be an American not a Republican
Hope he tells all he knows and none of it gets buried!!!!
Great
Here is an easy one, when and in what manner did you tell trump he was not under investigation? Was his statement false?
What will line of questions from GOP...leaks? Certainly you Cruz and GOP seemed interested by everything but Russia!
Will you be there to ask him a bunch of irrelevant, grandstanding questions to deflect from the true purpose of the hearing?
Start practicing your questions now so they don't suck
Open or closed?
We need an independent prosecutor to oversee the Russia investigation  Do you job. Defend this country. Why are you supporting the Russians?
Excellent decision. I'm okay with his firing, but he has a ton of relevant information for the committee.
Special Prosecutor Now!
And by the despotic way you treated #SallyYates, I wouldn't blame him for refusing. But I pray he accepts & spanks ya like she did.
Senator, we need an independent prosecutor to lead the investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 pres. election. Please support.
call for an indpt investigation on #45* and his campaign ties to Russia. #CountryOverParty  #texastownhall
Are you pretending you're not going to ask a bunch of Russian-serving questions to justify your & Trump latest act of treason? #Supermax

No one is for Comey.  We are for Presidents not firing FBI directors who are investigating their associates.  Undermines Trump's credibilty
Since you're sourcing Politico, I have to ask: Is this how you found out? 

Aren't you on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence?
Maybe you'll get schooled by Yates and Comey in the same month!  Your constituents are watching.  And saving up to donate to opponents.
Put your phones back on the hook at your offices you cowards... your constituents have been trying to call/fax you for 24 hours! @tedcruz
The American people demand a special investigator. Remember you work for the American people?
damaged goods!!! Need independent investigation
I hope you have the cojones to insist on an independent investigation. The 'houses' clearly not doing their job. #PartyOverCountry
r you afraid to face your constituents?! You lily livered cur
why r you not answering your phone?!!!
Hope he brings YATES.

Not enough. This Russia thing doesn't pass the sniff test. Maybe if you pretend Obama is still president you can get yourself to act.
- I hope you have relevant questions this time. We want Special Prosecutor, Select Committee &/or independent comm'n
Will you ask relevant questions??? I'm so frustrated with you.
maybe you should ask him at least 1 question about #TrumpRussia instead of emails! #IndependentInvestigation
Unless he is craving the lime light like some have suggested he should respectfully decline the invitation. It's a witch hunt!
If I were @jamescomey1 I would stay as far away from this Dem. inquisition as I could. He doesn't need more grief.
Get serious about this investigation. Quit putting our party before our country. #ComeyFiring
What Thrse republicans don't GET, is that this has NOTHING 2 DO W/COMEY!!!!! U don't fire the man who is leading an INVESTIGATION ON U!
Will you pay attention or be tweeting pictures of him instead ?
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION- SPECIAL PROSECUTOR - NO MORE COVERING UP FOR TRUMP & HIS ADMIN. AMERICANS ARE FED UP!!!!
It's impossible to get through to your office. We want an independent investigation
Do try to act like you want the truth.
"Mr Comey, why didn't you ask the deputy AG for more resources into finding who unmasked Gen Flynn?"
Why so you can ask him about emails, or where he buys his pants, or his favorite pizza - anything except about Trump & Russia - Red Cornyn
Great! But you are bi-polar on this issue, a true position to the end.
We need more than a Senate Panel now.  We need a special prosecutor.
Are you going to actually ask questions about #TrumpRussia or spend all your time but-her-emailsing it again?
Are you going to embarrass yourself and Texas like you did on Monday with your useless retreads and partisan questions?

We will find out soon who in Congress believes in the Republican Party and who believes in the Republic.
Try not to be an officious jerk
Why are you hiding from us Senator?
Dude stop tweeting, you are you g down with the ship! I guess you deem the Texans that voted you in As stupid!
You're being complicit please work on creating an independent investigation
He will not be able to use his position to avoid answering questions! He will lawyer up...and take the 5TH!

'Checks and balances' are meaningless with nobody left able or willing to enforce them. 

Trump knows this.
I'm delighted to hear it!
How about asking relevant questions related to the investigation this time
Given the quality of your questions to Yates/Clapper, you better start your preparation now so you don't look like a complete jackass again
Are you going to ask legit questions about the Russia investigation this time? No better time to stop acting like a shill than the present.
Amen
cool, ps ask questions that are in America's best interest, even that means going against DT... *especially* if it means going against DT
Are U going to stay this time ??
So will the republican stop being a distraction and start getting to the bottom of trump Russia they looks like the party of benedict arnold
Why?
Independent prosecutor!!
Senator, you are in DC to change America BACK to where we were BEFORE Obama & DEMS destroyed the morals and values we once had.  PUSH, PUSH

#unhackthevote 
So to recap. Trump and Sessions have fired Sally Yates, 46 Attorneys, and the Head of the FBI! And the GOP are silent.
Not your invitation, I'm sure.
Are you really congratulating yourself over Sen Burr's invite to Comey? I missed the part where you did anything of substance. #ComeyFiring
Maybe he can take pointers from #SallyYates and make you and Ted look ridiculous a second time.
Are you gonna ask about the topic of the hearing this time? #IndependentInvestigation #IndependentInvestigation #IndependentInvestigation
Stop hiding from your constituents. Answer calls, read emails, enable faxes, have a #texastownhall #DoYourJob #resist
So are you planning to ask him about Russian hacking or just Hillary's emails? Oh, maybe we can even bring up Benghazi!
Here's your chance to keep your job. Hire a special prosecutor.
Are you just going to ask about emails and Wiener?

Cos...
We need an independent investigation.
Terrific. #FBI Agents I will be kicking #Comey ass for you. #Tatiana
When will you put country over party?
Why don't you answer your phones? Why haven't you held a #TownHall?
Dallas office had the message machine working earlier today. Not a live person, but not a busy signal.
Coward.
