Jeff Flake is about to be replaced, Senator.
No, robots are going to take all of these jobs in the future & we will have a nation that imports millions of unskilled labor. #TheFuture
Unless you openly and explicitly denounce white supremacism, and vote against anything Donald wants, your words are meaningless.
Russia didn't work so now they are saying Nazis influenced election. Don't be a wimp, worrying about what MSM says.
I'm gonna take a big leap..you're white, right? 
Jeff is no supported anymore in Arizona. He will be defeated for his votes to repeal ACA
Ave you FOUND your own humanity Senator? I'm waiting for someone to speak up for our constitution & run the trash out of the White House!
If you cared about the rule of law, you'd have impeached Trump for violating emoluments clause. He's white, rich  so he gets a pass.
While I appreciate that illegal aliens can be hard workers, I prefer they didn't work here. This http://bit.ly/2ijj2nz  is a good start
Then.... stop Kobach commission, gerrymandering, taking health ins away from 30 million Americans, denounce trickle down economics & on & on
@JohnJHarwood @JeffFlake @nytimes So moving.
Then why do u guys turn a blind eye to the racism and hatred and violence of ANTIFA and BLM??
You should take a page out of Flake's book, literally. The lies you told your constituents throughout the h-care "debate" won't be forgotten
Not sure what to think after you spent so much time being the no.2 man to harmful ideals

Trump’s Nazis shout their agenda and GOP Congress carries it out. 
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/aug/19/republican-party-white-supremacists-charlottesville …
"common humanity"? The humans inside your gated community or those locked out?
This garbage is one of the reasons Flake won't be back after 2018 elections. Back the RAISE ACT, sensible reform puts US first
You didn't want to restore anything but White supremacist you need to resign shame on you shame on you no hope for you
Republicans:
THANKS TO U AND AZ. FLAKE WE HAVE 2 MANY MANUELS, IN GANGS,ON FOOD STAMPS,ON WELFARE,IN EMERGENCY ROOMS, IN SCHOOLS, COLLAPSING OUR COUNTRY
If working hard is a skill, support legislation that will pay people for it.
so do bannon and the others that have left over the last couple of weeks still have security clearance? there's your big security risk to US
You yourself have done nothing. Are you referring to the police state you and your ruler long for?
John Cornyn, YOU liked Flake's wonderful op-ed? Then there's truly hope for our nation to get through these dark times. Thank you.
Defend our common humanity and condem the racist president
Trump is not a racist. He condemned all sides in Charlottesville because all were guilty. Antifa came with Gov. Blessings & police stood dwn
You are blind.
Jeff Flake is a disgrace to the @GOP -
We stand with President Trump!
Wrong. Flake has been #NeverTrump from beginning. Disgusted I ever voted for you 
@JohnJHarwood @JeffFlake Your all talk your tacit approval of Trump makes you and the GOP complicit and gives nazis room to grow
As you Senators get zero accomplished this year, as both parties continue to not get along thanks for sharing. An excellent read for you too
As we re-affirm our commitment to pluralistic inclusion, we welcome @jeffflake. FTFY @JohnCornyn
As we restore the rule of law and security, @JeffFlake reminds us of the value of hard work and our common humanity https://nyti.ms/2vIBJFC 
He also reminds us that some Senators have the backbone to call out the President by name.
when are you going to stand up for #ImmigrantsMakeAmericaGreat? The economy needs these type of immigrants. Do something about it.
Is this your way of confronting trump who says bad things about people ? Stand up and be counted
WTF, Senator?!?!!! We have an employment crisis here in America with HARDWORKING ppl who needs jobs but @JeffFlake is concerned re others?
no
Restore the rule of law? Are you kidding. You know the Nazis are marching today.
Restore?  I don't remember there being as many deaths at the hands of white supremacists in recent history.
I wish the action of your conviction demonstrated that you believe in a common humanity
lawfulness is civility, lawlessness is chaos.
Agreed @JeffFlake is great, but what do ya think of #Trump endorsing @kelliwardaz? I know Dems & her pee  Mercer donors are happy! #AZBlue
You are full of misinformation. You're fear mongering, it's almost like you are trying to groom people for something. AltRight? #Truth
We have enough immigrants now. You & Flake want more illegals.  Think of citizens U R supposed to represent, not illegals.  FLAKE IS A FLAKE
Hard work and common humanity; not much of that in you is there @JohnCornyn? BS & kiss ass, yes, hard work, no.
Yeah dude, you're allowing Nazis in our WH while a sociopath runs over democracy. What a load of crap. http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/sebastian-gorka-made-nazi-linked-vitezi-rend-proud-wearing-its-n742851 …
The president you support calls him Flake Jeff Flake. Where's your line John?
Why are the merciers investing big money, with trumps approval, to primary jeff if he's so smart?
It makes me wonder why you John Corny don't stand up to Trump? Why?
Quit quoting others & denounce white supremacy in your own voice
That article has nothing to do with "rule of law and security", and everything to do with increased quotas on legal immigration. (1/2)
Increasing legal immigration quotas is something that both moderates and the left have wanted for a long time.  Are you finally sane? (2/2)
Flake isn't afraid to stand up for what he believes in and he's denounced Trump's outrageous behavior. Why can you show some courage too?
I know you. My family knows you well. I know many men like this. You, sir, do not. You support Trump's immigration agenda. Don't lie.
So what are u supporting?? Why isn't an immigration bill on the senate floor already??  #GOPCANTGOVERN
Restore the rule of law and security by removing Trump from office.
Yeah, the last seven months are not what I call a "restoration of the rule of law."
No Sir. Flake is deep state and you know it. Quit pandering to the GOP. Be a man. Be bold. Stand up and speak bold truth to power.
Flake is well named
Is your Twitter profile a pic of you contemplating what your grandkids will think of your Nazi-supportin'? #ImpeachTrump
Blah blah blah #IMPEACHTRUMP
Mr. Flake, I don't always agree with you, but you nailed this.  The Miguel's in my life helped me achieve what I couldn't have otherwise
Up for reelection @JeffFlake needs to go down as do all @GOP who have enabled Trump.
Who promised to repeal Obamacare but didn't. That makes Flake a schmuck. @JohnCornyn @radleybalko @JeffFlake @nytimes
John, did someone take over your account? Actual empathy and humanity? Careful, @potus may call you out next for not toeing the line.
Republican leaders Cowards that don't Stand Together with President Trump Against Hate groups and letting Democrats leaders Run our Country
Ironic, Sen Cornyn, that you post this much less try to make us think you care. We know better. Sen Flake has guts where you have none.
Yup. Jeff Flake is a good guy.
It's time to decide. Is the GOP the party of Ronald Reagan or David Duke? Leadership and action is needed now. America needs to know.
When are you going to rebut Trump by name or are you and Nazi and will continue to support him no matter what? You make me sick, Cornyn
@JohnCornyn you will lose your re-election if you continue to support people like @JeffFlake that make derogatory remarks about @POTUS!
Jeff Flake has done nothing but bash President Trump. I'm starting to have second thoughts whether you are a RINO along with Jeff!
Your anti-sanctuary cities racist hate bill is your strongest statement on immigrants and minorities to date. @TexasTribune
Thank you.  I am in central WA state and see their hard work across multiple job sectors as well.  They toil hard and long.
It's a lovely piece. I wish you and @JeffFlake would walk the walk regarding these ideals.
Tiene razon.
So you don't agree with the President that Jeff Flake is a flake?
#impeach trump
Senator, please advise POTUS to resign or be impeached-- his choice. For the sake of the country!
#noborderwall #SaveSantaAna
Sen Cornyn, reconsidering my support for you. Can't get R&R thru Senate & now you're tooting Trump critic, Jeff Flake's horn.  Disappointed!
Flake is a RINO just like you.
We need LEGAL Immigrants. We need 2 vet 4 skills.  Imigration shud have a form of "Needs xxx skills" to qualify.  Not just anyone who knocks
There will be no rule of law until we get the lawless out of the white house. U have responsibility here to save American democracy. Uup2it?
You are the obstructionist whip and part of the anti-immigrant program of @realDonaldTrump so you will be replaced with a pro-usa candidate.
How about improve access to education so our citizens can get more skilled jobs?
Like we have been living in a lawless community or something.
Your kind have even made laws concerning my uterus, and npw are attempting to make laws concerning bathroom etiquette. Y'all are so far out.
@GOP is party of KKK, Nazis, and unchecked corruption. #ImpeachTrump
We've been tough on elected officials for reason, but it's important we also speak when we they're going in the right direction TY Senators
Thats what makes us different for the most part immigrants even Muslims have assimilated in the United State, why Europe has a bigger prob.
We have enough people here.
Start with valuing every American's right to vote. Protect that right. No voter purges baseless fraud commissions.
Again too little too late @JohnCornyn . We as Texans know you stand with our racist @GovAbbott who loves the Nazi president.
And what is this We bullshit. You have nothing.
done nothing.
Your family supported illegal immigrants?
He reminds us that anti-immigration laws harm a large section of our wage working community & that immigrants bear a heavy labor/life burden
lol you lecturing us on humanity. that's rich!
How about our President, Senator? Does Jeff Flake remind you of anything there?
What we need is #BasicIncome so people don't have to work themselves to death just to have food and a place to sleep. Work ethic is a myth.
If the Republican party is to survive, it is through acts of inclusion and cooperation.  @JeffFlake is the future.
Jeff Flake is a swamp creature.
John McCain Mitch McConnell John McCornyn. You have talked Border Security for years and done nothing. Support Trump and #BuildTheWall
Well said, @JeffFlake.  

@JohnCornyn
The RINO Jeff Flake? We need a wall, mass deportations and no more H-1B's time to put America first not your cronies

IDK about the restoration of anything but that was a good read.
Tell Trump we have a common humanity...and you take a stand.  The alt right in administration and presidency does not believe this.
Jeff Flake has criticized 45, while you remained silent or didn't confront the bigot-in-chief. Where's townhall 2 review your performance?
We pay taxes; congress grants our $ to lobbyists who kick some back to congress. We pay taxes again; immigrants get welfare U see a pattern?
? RESTORE THE RULE OF LAW AND SECURITY???  Why didn't the Republican Congress do that over the past 4 years?  You were unable to do anthing.
What, flakey Jeff Flake?
Can you expand what you mean by "restore the rule of law and security"? Have you read this? http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/02/21/5-facts-about-crime-in-the-u-s/ …
But the @potus just tweeted against Flake's character. Who is fake news? Sad.
@johncornyn, you don't have an original thought in your head, do you? Please,  take a lesson or 20 from @JeffFlake.
Ooh what's this...Corny is directly stirring up shit with @realDonaldTrump? Are you dipping your toe into the waters of resistance?
I'm anin
They bring seasonal workers in & they leave when season over
No such thing as ANCHOR baby
not efficient
These are the people we want to protect in Texas. Trump's policy is garbage and unAmerican: SAY IT! Speak up!
Always just lip service with you. You never take real action. Spineless sycophant!
And that the goal of cutting LEGAL immigration by 50% is pure madness.
Are you fucking kidding me? You don't want any more  immigrants in this state and stand for nothing worthwhile. Give me a break.
Again with the retweets. When will you tweet your OWN OPINIONS so we, your constituents, can know them? Town hall EVER??? 78240
Restore the rule of law? Hate crimes are sky rocketing under Republican controlled government.
if you were immigrating to the US, would you meet the criteria for entry
You are contradicting your lord and master. Now if only you would speak like you had even a partial spine.
Didn't @realDonaldTrump just bash Jeff? He did.  But I do agree with Jeff on this. I don't see many Americans out in the hot fields.
I supported Flake when he said he'd support POTUS 
I now support Kelli Ward
I don't support any of them. They are the vile politicians who represent oppression of me.
That they are
Living sweetly off ourfor rest of their lives
are fools w/o much voice
When will you speak out and condemn the President's hat tip to white supremacists and Nazis? We are all watching and waiting.
I hope he is voted out. We need conservatives.
America needs border security and illegal immigration enforcement. Get behind the Pres!!
Your worship of Jeff Flake is just another reason 
Not to vote for you reelection
The American people need to hear more from you on these topics.   We need your clear voice today!  Dems and Reps fighting Pres, sad for US.
I wish more Republicans would put country before party and call a spade a spade. Thank you @SenBobCorker
Restoring law and security? So you support revoking Kushner's security clearance and prosecuting for repeatedly lying on forms?
We need immigration reform
Your Fuehrer does not agree. @realDonaldTrump thinks he is non-existent in the Senate. Get in line or the Schutzstaffel will come knocking.
Call out DT by name. Until you do, YOU are the problem.
What?John did you read this article?It's not exactly supportive of enforcing our long ignored immigration laws. You're for open borders now?
This is what I've been asking for from you. Reputable news sources, with statement as to how it relates to your duties to your constituents
Now let's start working on improving your policies so they actually serve your constituents, ok?

How long are you going to let the nut in the White House ruin our country without doing anything about it?  Talk is cheap!
@JohnCornyn please don't quote the traitor @JeffFlake. #arizona representatives are against @POTUS. Don't turn #RINO
Jeff Flake needs to be voted out.   If you are endorsing him then you need to go too.   VOTE DR. WARD
Sorry, Cornyn, you misspelled "destroy". You typed "restore". Were educated in TX? That would account for your inabilities. @nytimes @CNN
Y'all remind me that you only care about the donors.
If one wants  to disassociate themselves from racism and the past, then disassociate from the Democratic Party. Repubs stop running and lead
Rule of law is great. If only DJT weren't so bothered by, oh you know, actual courts. How dare they oppose his unconstitutional acts.
Unconstitutional acts? You mean Hillary, IRS COMMISH, Loretta Lynch, Susan Rice,  how many more?  Talk about cheaters and liars & healthcare
Sad that trump and many people (you?) think of these guys as scum. These people deserve a chance way more than the scum we have in the WH
How can anyone feel secure when angry white men are openly carrying guns to rallies? This is not free speech, it's intimidation.
Part of restoring security is calling out those who support white nationalist terrorism. Jeff Flake did that by calling out Trump, you?
I pray to GOD every day Flake is defeated in a primary. Shameless self promoter.
I was curious about yoir most recent op-eds. NAFTA & anti-ACA. Not surprising. You could surprise us someday by writing about race.
*your - my keyboard is too small for my fat fingers.
Are you learning anything from Jeff Flake? Or Cruz, McCain or Graham? Those in your party who at least try to say the right thing? SPEAK UP.
Another career politician supporting Flake the RINO!
Is sharing an opinion by a bold critic of POTUS a sign that you're finally ready to speak up4 TX in this Trump disaster?
Translation: See folks, I kind of think that we should stand up to Pres. but I don't have the political or moral courage to do it myself.
WE never lost the rule of law and security. That rumor was made up for the president's agenda.
Not at all!  He has spent 75 per cent of his time representing Cuba and not Arizona!!  Time for him to change!!
You support common humanity?  where do you stand on your support of our current racist President?
Sir do you believe that the president is mentally unfit and unstable to effectively  govern the country??
Please censure 45 for the way he handled Charlottesville - it's the bare minimum Congress should do in the face of 45's morally bankruptcy

Do you stand with your constituents who believe the president should resign after his support of white supremacy?
Does pig blood on bullets really work, Senator Cornyn?
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
We need to fill jobs with American Citizens first. When unemployment for Citizens is at zero then consider hiring immigrants.
You GOP establishment types literally hate your own voters. You don't represent us at all. Flake is a sellout and a nobody
@JeffFlake also denounced T's racist comments. 
Did you read this? His point seems one of non judgment. What abt you? Statement.
AGAIN with the opinion pieces. Do you read ANYTHING factual?? Anything at all??!?
Please condemn in no ambiguities the white supremacists, and Nazi admiring actor of a POTUS our great nation is suffering. @realDonaldTrump
Sir will you support censuring the President???
He does seem to have more moral courage than you. Where do you stand on white supremacists in the White House?
Neo Nazis/white Supremacist/Putin
WH is sure busy
DEMs need shelter
We'll call u in 2024 when it's safe to come out
How do you feel about Jeff being humiliated by your president? You won't even speak out for a friend & colleague? SAD! #ImpeachTrump
Jeff Flake is a pin head.
You sold your souls to work for @realDonaldTrump, and you can follow him into hell.
#TrumpIsNuts
drama
Why Trump Won
Tell that to @realDonaldTrump he doesn't bite. Go ahead don't be afraid
By enabling Trump's assaults on the Constitution, you undermine the "rule of law."
Why won't you Mr. Cornyn stand up for the rule of law when it comes to trump? Hypocrisy?
"Restore the rule of law" - don't you mean a police state persecuting non-whites? Because that's what I see when I read your laws, Senator.
GOP Senate = Cheap Laborite Party
So you don't support a plan to reduce immigration to the country, but do support the president who proposed the plan? How does that work?
John Cornyn is an all talk, open border,  establishment Republican. #BuildTheWall
Town Hall yet? Talking about humanity, still supporting 45?
