Wealthy GOP "never Trump" person. http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2017/03/how-the-explosive-russian-dossier-was-compiled-christopher-steele … 
Op research firm? 3 ex-WALL STREET JOURNAL reporters. 
Do your research, Senator
CornCobber. Bobby Mueller is working, unlike TVTwit SecretsBlabberto theRussians. GrifterPoSPotus.. what say you Corns?
1/Testifying against Russia/putin often results in an early death. From accidental or natural causes,aka god, there4 he fears god.What? This
2/explanation isn't good enuf? What's yours?
You’re an awful Senator.
John, Bless your heart! You fail at every step, don't you? You, as Majority Whip, have as part of your job description nailing down votes.
Just out of curiosity, how is that working for you, Pumpkin? John Tower, for all his faults, was 5 times the Senator and technical pol that
you have shown yourself to be. Now, honey, I wouldn't be airing this kind of talk in public if your office would answer the damned phone, so
I find myself tweeting at you, rather than discussing these things in polite tones with one of your staffers. You have apparently decided to
"go Armadillo" on us, so we have to poke your scaly, prehistoric self and staff in other ways. Here's what can happen: come on home to North
Texas on your break, and hold town halls down here. Let us all show you how much we love & respect a sitting US Senator. Hugs & Kisses, Jay.
Why did you to foster that pos so called healthcare off on America?

John Y R  U always posing for pictures of you with VETERANS and such when it is obvious that U and Ted could care less about us VETERANS !
Why do you avoid your constituents?
chit john were tired of this russian chit, trump done nothing wrong, try going after obama and his many crimes against our country
GOP need to stand up against the corrupt Dems & stop this Russia stupidity. We have backstabbers in the GOP & proves why we need term limits
Why have you not pursued perjury (Sessions) or falsifying documents (Sessions and Kushner)? What do they have on you?
Has he been subpoenaed?
You're so F'ing desperate, John. Your bill failed and you're a failure supporting a failure. Tired of failing yet? 
Why is Trump avoiding releasing his taxes?
who givesa chit, its his business not yours,trump doesnt ask for yours
Why do you keep supporting a president under investigation?
so you love obama even though he should have been impeached at least 3x
Why won't the GOP force Jared, Manafort and Jr to testify under oath in open sessions, john? Your party is too afraid to make them. Traitors
How did you ever become a judge?  You're not smart enough for that job...or the one you have now.
This is yet another batch of responses that I have gone through that are 90+% brutal against u, @JohnCornyn! Your constituents seem pissed!!
TexAss is your red state & show us that u don't care about Texans U care more about Party & corporations #TexAss
He has something to hide there is a conspiracy
Yes why isn't trump testifying in the Russia investigation. Income tax would clear this up, wouldn't it @JohnCornyn
Yes, why isn't he (Kushner)?
Right? This is precisely why nepotism has no place in the White House. Another example of the @GOP eschewing all norms to our detriment.
oh you poor baby obama did more to screw us than trump can do in 4 terms
Why are you here if you can't handle the truth?
As a Texas and US Citizen, why aren't you working with Dems on a more reasonable fix to healthcare. Reps were big part of original ACA.
Acute death phobia?
Why is trump avoiding releasing his taxes? Why are you helping him hide them?
@SteveBresnen @KimStrassel @WSJopinion Do tell us all, what you think his reasons might be!
because he doesn't have any verifiable info.  fake info.
Cronyn guilty of working against Americans to take away healthcare. Works closely with Trump & Putin to destroy America.
As opposed to going under oath and lying like Jeff Sessions did? Would you prefer that?
why dont you sit thru the whole senate intel mtgs on this and maybe you'll get a clue whats going on? @txlege @TXDemWomen @TURNTXBLUE2018 
Why don't you ask the trump gang the same thing? Maybe because YOU are involved?
Probably because the mooch threatened him.
Let it GO! Repeal Obamacare and reduce tax rates as promised.  You represent everything that betrayed us. #HATERINOS
Great.Plz confirm more items that are is true in the dossier and impeach @realDonaldTrump. Thx for sharing the troubling article
John you are such a fraud.  You should be asking why is T obsessed with the investigation and why do you continue to put party over country.
You're a trump enabler. That's how history will remember you. Enough said.
Worry about doing your own job, senator. Last time I checked, you hadn't had a townhall in Houston in many months - if not years.
Why are you a dbag?
.@JohnCornyn on shutting down @elizabethforma: "I would hope that maybe we all have been chastened a little bit"
Why would you care? It's obvious by your party's actions that your does not value our election or democratic principles. Tool bag.
You're "fake news." Do your job and investigate trump's collision with Russia. I can't wait to vote you out.
Do you really write your own Tweets?
Steele dossier is producing more results than you have managed in over 7 years.
Why do you only speak up when it's not a GOP person?  And go so soft on the questions?  Embarrassing Texas, yes....how much did YOU know?
Why do you avoid your constituents? Some questions are not answered. We can discuss this im person if you would like.
I thought you believed it to be fake news. What is there to testify about, Mr. CORNYN?
With all due respect, Mr. Senator, I feel you should be more concerned with answering to your constituents. We have lots of questions.
Typical deflection.
Fearing for his life? Think of all of the Russian's Putin has already had killed on U.S. soil under your watch.
how's your incessant trolling working out for you johnny?

 https://twitter.com/therickydavila/status/878270776016850948 …
Not sure & I agree he should. But one theory could be that folks providing testimony implicating Putin often get a nasty case of being dead.

Fake News...he won't testify because he is a coward & liar 
Fear of death by radiation poisoning?
Why are you avoiding your constituents?
Will we ever get a #TownHall so we can talk to you? Can your staff answer your phones?
You're so saved, John
John Cornyn works for the Koch brothers and oil companies.  He does not represent the citizens who elected him...
otherwise said..he is "beholden to a small group of creepy billionaires."

(https://twitter.com/SenWhitehouse/status/890776607136391168?s=09 …)
Stop looking to blame Dems! We clearly see the Republican plan & it's quite laughable it's always the same old excuse! Follow the $$ trail!
Why doesn't tRump want us to see his tax returns? Why don't you have any faith in Mueller? If you assist tRump, are you assisting treason?
Why don't you tweet this story
He? Kushner & Manafort wouldn't answer under oath. And you let them. Dick.
Doesn't the committee have subpoena powers? Ask Sen. Burr, not us. Do you need to have some help understanding how the Senate works? 45 does
Why is this person avoiding the same?
ANOTHER Trump Meeting With Russia: Donald Trump himself met w/Russian billionaire's son during the campaign #AMJoy 
Why did you vote to take healthcare from millions all while saying you would lower premiums. Your phony. yes I get 2 vote for or against you
.....he doesn't want to reveal his client list, seems to be the logical answer, Sir.
Maybe the GOP record of exposing undercover agents? Care to meet w/constituents & explain focus on "leaks"? #WheresCornyn
Why are you letting this nightmare in the WH continue, why are you putting party over Americans?
great job whip
Maybe because he knows you'll just ask questions about Hillary and waste everyone's time.
If its important, Mueller will investigate him, find out who hired FusionGPS, I think             Republicans hired him first
Why do you avoid speaking to your constituents?
Guilty
Sounds like we don't do a good job keeping Anti-Putin witnesses alive, & I'm guessing he wants to keep breathing.
I want ALL disclosed, so don't you/ @KimStrassel hide that the dossier was spawned by a GOP donor & WSJ-ex's firm. U for knowing that donor?
Why is @HouseGOP avoiding investigating @realDonaldTrump in @HouseJudiciary for obstruction of justice?
cc @RepGoodlatte @RepJohnConyers
Also, why are Trump Jr. and Manfort not testifying publicly under oath? 
Why didn't Donald Jr testify in public? Why does the president keep denying Russia interfered? What is our defense against Russia disinfo?
Nor under oath
Did Trump sign the Russian Sanction bill?
Why do you still support Trump and his collusive admininstration? 

And why did you vote against affordable healthcare for us texans? !
We can wait. Why????  77015
I'd rather talk about this. Would you like to promise us that you won't support further destruction of Senate norms?
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
Maybe cause Rs turn every question into a how can we blame Hillary or imply Obama was involved statement. Let Mueller sort it out
Trump wants rid of the GOP He already doing to you what he did to Sessions But keep covering up for him
You and the @GOP keep playing games though. Things are working out well for you
Because everyone that gets ready to gets helped out of a four story window?
Why is the President a Russian puppet? #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #GOPTreason #CornynIsABagBoy
Why are you and the @GOP trying to discredit the investigation? You've slandered our intel agencies and career professionals. Not good 4 You
Why did Kushner refuse to testify under oath? Why are you so complacent about #45's vulgar BSA speech & call for police violence? #sycophant
Why are you?
What is your opinion on this no longer available witness?
I saw you finally realized the those "adoption" talks were all about...
Why should he?
