Amen. @SpeakerRyan @VP @Potus  Please do all you can to get his nomination approved. @SCOTUS needs him NOW!
Republicans wanted to keep the SCOTUS seat empty for 8 years Dems won
and now the Republicans won so it is their turn to have their candidate
corruptly denied a hearing & a vote for Judge Garland bec they wanted
Gorsuch not proving to be "their idealogue," but rather an independent thinker.
His mom did a disaster job with the EPA, it was sucha mess she had to resign, apple does not fall far from the tree.

No, John. Most Americans think Judge Garland deserved the seat. Most think the GOP treated him & POTUS Obama like dirt
I'd love to hear an in person explanation of this. Sounds like "we've got country AND western". #wherescornyn
*snorts* Never trust Cornyn
Your arrogance and lack of understanding of the American ppl is stunning. Narrow minded bias is all you know & practic
@mercedesschlapp @JohnCornyn 
Dems just love to hear themselves talk and still say nothing at all!!
We are a country of laws, NOT MEN (even SCOTUS), and must stop the culture of making law 'from the BENCH'!
Giving no answers to important questions negates any qualifications he may possess.
yeah right buddy
YEs! Particularly ORIGINALISTS desiring true restoration of constitutional principles as intended!
nope. #StopGorsuch
So how much power and money does it take for you to sell your soul to Trump?
just ask hillary
Hilliary has been repeatedly vetted &  always come back clean every time.Your attacks are without merit.
even comey said there were classified documents found in what they seized and yet no conviction...why?
Where's your righteous indignation around the emails of Pence, Rice, Chaney, Powell.
doesn't sound like a puppet like you spicey.  He is not afraid to call Don out when he lies
when you say people you mean corporations
And so MANY constituents who are asking you to oppose him
Funny...so did Merrick Garland from the populous that had their representation stolen from a legitimate president.
NOT.
Read up on sequestration dummy.
@mercedesschlapp @JohnCornyn 
Would love to know who is writing the Dems questions for Judge Gorsuch.I see no Dem smart enough
What about this judge?
and even more against
- only because @GOP is afraid of @POTUS
You need to cut military spending by 2 billion this year check the law. Sequestration created by republicans in 2011.
Think this needs to be put on hold while the FBI figures out exactly what your boss, his family, cabinet, etc did!
Washington Bob, A broad spectrum of idiots
And yet a MUCH BROADER spectrum of people that does not! #NoOnGorsuch #MerrickGarland #Trumprussia
#RUSSIA supports you. No confirmations until an independent investigation is completed and 45 guilty or innocent
@mercedesschlapp @JohnCornyn Hey Sean you have no credibility don't tweet or talk
and a broader one that doesn't #resist
we've paid tons of people to like you! #paid
yeah not me anymore I'm not for the religious zealots taking over
Deny the nom for the next 3 3/4 years
#StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat
...to lie your ass off every single day of the week?
there is a broad spectrum of people who want you to step down, so will you do it, spicy? Or will you just continue...
you've lost all credibility.
tho it's a shame, Dems will put up a fight because he's pro life.  Boy if u believe in abortion your in like Flynn?sad
Fascists, Nazi's, fanatical evangelicals, misogynists, criminals, mafia, Russian oligarchs.
@jlizza1 @JohnCornyn God Bless !
If by broad you mean a minority of white men and women over age fifty, then yeah.
sorry, I thought you said 'speculum'.
No one believes a thing you say leprechaun
Don't you get tired of lying, Goebbels? #ImpeachTrump #JailSpicer
Wallace really bias nowadays! Boycott Wallace at Fox!
Run, Sean, run!  Find a safe space from madman Trump.
he has an even broader spectrum of people opposed to him.
Really? He may have a problem with Ivanka Trump and her trying to get paid maternity leave for  workers.
else!!  He is being the abstractionist!!!!!
yes he does!!!!  I hope the Dems wanting him there stay strong!!  I could have sworn chuck said to not vote him in or
No most of America does not want to see him on the SC. Right sphincter
haha all these people going on about a stolen seat 

Gorsuch is unqualified. Anti-labor, anti-woman.
liar
Merrick Garland #StolenSeat
Absolutely! From the far-right all the way across the board to the Alt-fight.
#LiberalEpiscopalian
.@presssec @johncornyn Yes, from California to Moscow.
NOPE
But BIGGER spectrum that feels Trump admin & this Congress should come to full stop due to FBI criminalinvestigation.
many don't -- you do realize that don't you?
#stolenseat  subsequent decisions from scotus tainted with #stolenseat stigma
Hey Sean. Are those air quotes or actual quotes.  Apparently the truth hangs in the difference.  #SCOTUS #Trumprussia
Just like Merick Garland did.
yes you do # confirmGorsuch
Did you suck his dick while you stroked his ego John?
Just curious
especially those with Russian connections.  If he is that good why would he throw in with you guys.  #sad
seriously, you guys should just shut up. Literally everything you say gets proven a lie. Just stop talking! Oh, and resign!
Yes but to Cornyn that simply means rich white people and super rich white people. You know, the broad spectrum.
. spicer loves to suck Trumps dick
#opposeGorsuch !!
Too bad POTUS does not have this support by the people. Sad. Very sad.
Uh huh.  Meanwhile at the Russian meddling hearing...
That's the funniest shit I've read all month
The only person who should be confirmed is Merrick Garland.  Stolen seat otherwise.
MERRICK
your openion, but not true!
We the People do NOT support #Gorsuch! Pay attention, please!
No President under investigation should be able to nominate or get an SCJudge confirmed. Love, America
#stolenseat
from the mouth of a compulsive liar, F off Sean
And Gorsuck also has a broad spectrum opposing his nomination.
Why should a President under investigation by the highest levels of law enforcement get to appoint a SCOTUS justice?
Oh geez, why did you give 'alternative facts' about Manafort. Truth was exposed in mere seconds. Disappointed in you.
#MAGA #JudgeNeilGorsuch
Sad thing - he's a decent choice. Conservative but thoughtful and fair. It's still a stolen seat as they refused to meet Garland.
Prayers for Judge Gorsuch!
within the GOP ??
Interesting that Comey agreed if someone lies that later you can assume everything they say is a lie. Trump lies DAILY

Final headlines from the Comey hearing:
1. The FBI has been investigating Trump-Russia links since July
2. Trump's wiretapping claim is DOA.
You are all corrupt and are going down. That's all that matters now. #SpicerRussia
#Confirm Garland, you Asshats!  Oh, no... wait... you broke the rules on that one, too.
#WhatAboutMerrick
a broad spectrum of racists and liars
you're both idiots & Cornyn I'll never vote for u again. #Texaspridenotu
no not really...
Very true. Everyone from David Duke to Cornyn to Trump.
hey Sean I will send you cigs when you go to jail to keep you from being made into a prom date while in jail.  #patsy
Get out while you can, Spicey. You're going to have a stroke...
An illegitamate nomination.
: @Potus must indicated for treason; sold the country to the enemy.
Sure, Corporations support Judge Gorsuch. He's changed what founding fathers intended re: personhood of corporations.
hey sean no news on tweets @POTUS accusing @POTUS44 and no news on the Russian-trump.connection?? You old censormaster
one word for you Trump 35%
@realDonaldTrump 
Yes, all orange folks, all tower of ignorance folks, & obese Mar-a-Lago duffers.  Huge margin.
you are so embarrassing.
you are embarrassing.  You guys have been caught!   There is collusion!! Lock him up!The entire team is guilty.  He lied no obama
no one listens to you anymore, Melissa.
Oooooh 
 it's not how you golf, it's "how you USE THE GAME OF GOLF"
define "broad spectrum."
Flynns a "Volunteer" and manafort had limited influence? 
I want you to know I've been training daily for April 8th. Hope you're ready to get knocked out in the 2nd round.
Good try.  This guy does not support women or human rights for death with dignity.
you lend nothing constructive to any conversation. Folks no longer care what you say. No credibility whatsoever.
Stop saying there's a "myth" in DC that more $ solves problems. Medical research requires $$ or it doesn't happen! @POTUS plz don't cut NIH.
never ever
but not working women.
Yeah, Cornyn you and all the other guess GOP.@PressSec @JohnCornyn
So... Flynn was a "volunteer" and Manafort was "not" Campaign Chairman? Okaaaay. Got it! *Wink
FBI is still looking at Trump/Russia link. It's there, admit it. Watch hearings.@realDonaldTrump @Reince45 @Lawrence @jaketapper
Not the spectrum that are woke and have XX chromosomes. (For you non-science types, that means women)
SCOTUS Gorsuch will be the balance of the Justices
He also have a broad spectrum of people not supporting his nomination you simpleton. Can you say Merrick Garland?
There should be no hearings on Gorsuch during investigation of full extent of Trump's collusion w/Russians
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
Cute? @PressSec
and an even broader spectrum disgusted by it.
When can we expect DT to apologise to BHO, GCHQ, the UK, & Chancellor Merkel? Last week a BAD week this week is worse
Pls Sean- Do NOT comment any more on these silly Russian collusion questions from MSM. Nothing will satisfy Dems unless you cry.
liar no one believes anything you have to say
LIAR
Don't think so.  Your party has a very short memory.  How does it feel?
laugh it up Johnny boy. #yourlastterm #yourefired
Sean, how do u look at yourself in the mirror day in, day out? U are lying for @POTUS every time u step up to podium.
. @PressSec Hey girl
Confirmed: Sean Spicer publicly lied about British involvement in wiretapping. #ImpeachTrump #Trumprussia #russiagate 
Run Sean!  Leave Trump.  No more lies, alternative facts and high blood pressure
dude, it's over. You guys are liars. Nobody cares what you have to say anymore. Resign. Or get impeached. Whatever. Just go away.
#BlockGorsuch
Manafort was literally the national security adviser AND he lives in Trump Tower you idiot liar.
you realize nobody will ever believe anything you say again? Being proven a liar is something that sticks. No need for press conf.
Is your poor Mother still living ? IF so, I sure feel sorry for her, You are such a disappointment to her !!
every GOD DAM WEEKEND GE HAS TO PLAY GOLF SOLVE UR PROBLEM FIRST WE HAVE TO PAY FOR IT NO WAY I REFUSE TO PAY FOR U
As the president who nominated him is now under investigation for possible treason, this should be put on hold.
deflect deflect deflect.. SAD. You'll be out of office just like the 45th occupant. Impeach, impeach, impeach. #RussianPuppets.
And alot of democratic senators who do not.
ur TRUMP SPENDS TOO MUCH MONEY TRAVELING U OWE 48 million for SECURITY NEW YORK PAY UP WE R NOT PAYING EVERY GOD DAMWK
Not me
But no democrats. #stolenseat #merrickgarland
Amen he is the one for the job
Where??
No he doesn't You are a LIAR !  
not most.  No originalist please.  We need a nominee that lives in this century
