More like, @Google fires backward male chauvinist pig in effort to root out toxic Uber-style douchebag bro culture. https://twitter.com/johncornyn/status/894891547132547072 …
Google is another "Do as I say, not as I do!" Liberal outfit! They do not appreciate the importance of diversity!
Because firing someone who is comfortable saying he believes a group of coworkers are inherently inferior to him is total insanity, I guess.
He actually pointed out Googles own issues with their treatment of men vs women! Btw, my husband IS far superior in math/tech than I am!
"My husband is better at math/science than me. Therefore, this is true of all men and women everywhere."
No and that is NOT what was said in the article! I have a daughter in love who is a math whiz! I was relating what is true in my life.
There's no "article" in question here. It's a misogynist manifesto by a disillusioned junior programmer. Inform yourself, ffs.
He's a PhD is systems biology from Harvard. BSc in molecular biology, physics and chemistry.  If you had read it. . .
His education doesn't make him not a greenhorn, and his profile indicates he was not in any senior capacity.
1) The 1st Amendment applies to gov restrictions on speech, not private entities.
2) He was fired for creating a hostile work environment.
3) Are you suggesting that this man's opinion of women and minorities is in any way acceptable or correct? Bc if so, we need to have a talk.
EXACTLY!
*waiting for the comments about how we're all too PC*
Or how we need to go back to our safe spaces while they demand exactly that for this jerk.
The 1st amendment doesn't say, "Google shall make no law..."
Time for an antitrust investigation into a fascist-leaning organization with far too much power and control of its sector. Do it.
I use Duck Duck Go.
Sir you know very well that the 1A protects speech from punishment by government- does not shield from consequences in the free job market
Remember this is 2020 people. He needs to go. Silently defends congressional leaders who took Rosneft money, too. https://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/04/new-report-reveals-mcconnell-ryan-took-millions-russian-oligarch-tied-putin/ …
If he had investments in Russia, there will be details in his tax returns. Unless, of course, he kept a second set of books. Or no books.
Also possible that investors are waiting on a few critical components (sanctions relief, for example) to be locked down so deal can go fwd.
Conservatives irate over google firing are simultaneously celebrating Kaepernick being without a job... 
Freedom of speech does not mean freedom from consequence.
Remember folks it's:
Google to duckduckgo
And YouTube to Vidme
With enough time we can pull the common man from these liberal strongholds
J.D., LL.M., District Court Judge, State Supreme Court Judge, State Attorney General. And you don't know Google ≠ US Govt??

Spare me.
has @jeffsessions had any discussions with American's about his trampling of the aforementioned amendment?  nope. soooo, hush john.
@JohnCornyn I thought u were a "Right to Work" kinda guy? U usually fail 2 support employee rights. Interesting that u chose to weigh-in now
3.  Good luck with that.  Please retire now.  The 1950s have been gone a long time.
2.  Have endorsed the "why do I have to pay for pregnancy insurance" debacle.  No equal pay.  Now endorsing women aren't equal.
Who are you to talk about being civilized John John?
Google isn't a state agency so the First Amendment doesn't apply, and Cornyn knows that. He's a shit stain.
The 1st Am protects ppl from the GOVERNMENT infringing on civil liberties. You would think a senator would know that.
How can you be so woefully ignorant of your own party's talking points WRT recent events like BSA?
So you aren't listening well to others expressing their 1st amendment rights as voters to disagree with you. HC for all
1A applies to gov not private employers - if I call my boss a pig, I get fired. No surprise!
Read the comments on this as @JohnCornyn gets a quick civics lesson. This guy is embarrassing.
Civil discussion of 1st amendment rights of google employees? https://twitter.com/chrismosser/status/894903262276706305 …

Free speech does not equal freedom from consequences. I would think a man of your age would have learned that by now.
How sad that a member of our government doesn't understand the 1st amendment. Freedom of speech-not of consequences from his boss!
Whether be a corporate entity or our bought governing body (congress) - there are policies/rules of decorum. 1st Amendment doesn't apply.
I don't think the 1st Amend. does what you think it does. Which is concerning for a Congressperson.
In my 46 years of employment I never worked anywhere that I didn't have to control my speech.  Having opinions at work will get you fired.
No surprise to find that you consider women to be inferior to men. Maybe you're more like your boss @realDonaldTrump? Grab em by the....
Clearly @chrismosser did not read the memo. His opinion has no value.

your view of women in the workforce is well established.  Put a hold on HRC as SOS.  Refused women in healthcare discussion.
I have no idea what this man said but I wish the best for him, I don't trust the decietful Liberal agenda nor do I buy into virtue signaling

@ChrisMosser for Tx senator 2020!
Aw shucks. Let's see how @JohnCornyn does on #SantaAna and then we'll talk
Honey you could be an old yella dog and I'd vote for you over @JohnCornyn Your "douche bag" tweet is just icing on the cake!
So 1A applies to businesses? Do you ever tire of trashing the Constitution?
I give up!
1st amendment says you can't be jailed for speech. Doesn't say you can't be fired for it.
If there was a manifesto saying conservative white men were genetically inferior to liberal black women, I doubt John would be so "civil"
Since Google is not a government entity, first amendment does not apply in this case. Kindly read the constitution.
You DO realize that a private company can fire someone for such free speech actions as telling the boss to bite his butt, right?
I thought you were a strong supporter of right-to-work law? Can't have your cake and eat it too, Senator!
Don't you think there are people MORE WORTHY OF DEFENDING? There is a lot of injustice in the world.  Your time would be better spent
using your position to influence positive change and helping those who are truly persecuted, not white male executives.  Pathetic!
He has a right to speak his mind. Google has a right to fire him for tanking morale, recruiting, and corporate branding.
You of all people know damn well that 1A protects people from GOV'T consequences. Do you need an ACLU pocket constitution as a cheat sheet?
Plan on rejecting Trump's tweets on NK so we don't all die! Maybe bigger things to worry about since Google already handled it. #doYourJob
I can absolutely fire an employee who publicly offends other employees. Period.   Your turn.
Here, Senator, let me help you understand the 1st Amendment
Holy shit, you're a senator and you don't even know what the first amendment is about?
As a Senator you know this isn't a 1st Amendment issue since Google is a private business - why lie?
Google isn't the government. btw.
Just as you would fire a staffer for misrepresenting you, Google fired a guy who thinks women don't deserve equality. What's wrong with you?
Him getting fired for clearly stupid things (WITHOUT GOING TO JAIL) is how the 1A is supposed to work.
Senator not understanding how the 1st amendment works is great.

Enough it enough. DJT is wild and irrational, act before we all pay the price.
@JohnCornyn @RogerWilliamsTX @SenTedCruz
This is why your nickname is Cornhead. Your brain is just one big mushy pile of hominy.
He has the right to his opinion - but that doesn't mean bigoted opinions are without consequences.
Senator, you refused to engage in civil discussions about the health care of millions of Americans.  You couldn't be bothered to debate.
What kind of an idiotic tweet IS this? What are YOUR thoughts senator? Does free speech only apply to those NOT leaking DJT's BAD behavior?
Your comment makes no sense. The 1st Amendment doesn't protect you from being fired.
Absolutely correct. You say say what you want, but if it's inflammatory, elicits volatile begavior, it's buh-bye Felicia.
It has nothing to do with the First Amendment. You don't have that right at work, sorry. Aren't you a Senator? You should know this.
1st Amend does not grant a right to use your work computer to type said manifesto, nor does it mean freedom from consequences.
Sir, please READ the First Amendment before you comment. Are you saying that Google = government?
Free speech is between citizens and government, not employees and employers.
Senator, we know Republicans only care about the 1st half of the 2nd Amendment, but seriously, read the 1st Amendment, Congress not involved
The right to say it doesn't necessarily include the right to remain employed after saying it.
Are you back in Texas? If so, please leave. You are awful. Take Ted with you. 
#2018midterms
Freedom of speech doesn't = freedom from consequences. Snowflakes always crying bout their free speech but not others. Hypocrites.
Nice of u t civilly defend a sexist. They need defending, poor guys.
You apparently don't understand the 1st Amendment.
do homework b4 spouting off. Employee was involved in performance evals of female employees.  @Google was right 2 b concerned.
You don't have a right to free speech in a private corporation.  Read the US Constitution.  Your local public library can help.
The employee was not given legal consequences for his action. 1st amendment rights upheld, next?
U do know that 1st amendment protects us from gov and not private employer's, right?
Surely as US Sen you understand that 1-A protects speech vis-a-vis govt, not private employers. "Congress shall make no law. . . ."
It's a shame that you're perpetuating the myth that the 1st Amendment applies to employer/employee relationships.
Civil discussion doesn't involve insulting others or advocating apartheid.
Free speech also entails the right to have your free speech derided and laughed at by others free speech.
That's not what the First Amendment covers. Please stop spreading misinformation.
And please don't pretend that thousands of people aren't fired or laid off in America every single day for pretty much nothing. They are.
Certainly.  Where do you stand on this issue?
If you have contempt for them,you are unlikely to be providing the company with the best possible work product when you work together.
This speaks more to his own behavior than to anyone else's. When you go to work, you have to deal with your co-workers with respect.
He is calling attention to his own inability to deal with his peers in a professional manner because he cant contain his emotions.
Furthermore, his opinion was about how he lacked respect for a large group of his fellow Google employees. That is a problem for Google.
No dear, sweet, idiot. EEOC has said time and again that discrimination by employee against other employees is actionable.
This isn't about political correctness. An employee humiliated his company internationally by writing memo against their policies.
You think that caveman's 1st Amend rights violated? Nonstarter. He violated his company's stated policies. Let's see how far his suit gets.
A sitting United States Senator has no clue what 1st amendment of US Constitution protects? Color me shocked.
I thought you Rs loved companies that can fire-at-will. Besides, it seems that you have no clue what the 1st amendment means.
Do you think we live in a magic world where employees aren't fired over trivialities every single day? Workers have few rights, remember?
Civil discussion of liability in regard to VII Hostile Work Environment?

Also: Are GOPs capable of not being disingenuous?
Do you actually understand the Constitution, Senator? Cuz that comment says you don't.
#GOP #Incompetent
How can you be a Senator and not understand the 1st Amendment? I'd ask why you support a hostile work place but I know the answer
Me john. Me not know how 1st amendment wurk.
Intolerance of diversity does not have to be tolerated!
So now we have even state reps not understanding a Software Engineer shouldn't be blaring HR policy over Google's network?
U were a judge 4 many years & collect a pension 4 being a retired judge, yet u seem not to understand basic employment law. Not a 1A issue!
As a Senator,YOU should know that the 1st amendment is protection from the government, not private business. You need to hit the books again
The First Amendment only restricts the government. If you want free speech rights at work, join a union.
Ok that Hobby Lobby can control their employees healthcare choices?
At NO POINT in any of this does it say that a private corporation cannot fire someone for what they say.
or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. (3/3)
or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; (2/3)
Here, I'll show you:  

AMENDMENT I

Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, (1/3)
Um.  Corny.  Again.  Do you not even know what the First Amendment is?  Hint:  It doesn't apply to corporations, only CONGRESS.
Here's a helpful PSA from https://xkcd.com/1357/ 
Did Google arrest him? Let's have a hearing, you can find lots of potential union organizers to testify about being fired for their speech.
It's disgraceful that you, as an elected official, would promote ignorance about the 1st Amendment in this way, esp to enable a misogynist!
You do not have a 1st Amendment right to be an asshole & keep your job, a fact I hope you discover personally as soon as possible.
He's not being arrested or subject to gov't penalties. His workplace discovered he was an asshole and fired him.
He has the right to freedom from government restrictions on his speech, not to freedoms from consequences from his employer 4 hostile speech
Why are you deliberately misleading people?

Oh. I see the R now.
Do you even understand what the 1st Amendment is?
@ChrisMosser @Google Suggestion:  Don't comment until you know the facts.
John Cornyn has an outdated thought process.
Here's a hint for you: Google isn't the government, so his first amendment rights were not infringed.
Shocking you side with the chauvinist. 
I know google is all-powerful and everything, but they aren't the state. yet.
I'm a Native Texan and you embarrass me every single day. It's time for you to go. Thanks for not returning my constituent calls.
What does the 1st amendment have to do with company code of conduct policies?
Google is a commercial enterprise not a government entity. You do know 1st amend applies to gov't censorship SENATOR? You do know that?
Last I heard, Google wasn't a government agency.
oh wait the 1st amendment is the right to work at google? didn't know that.
Arent you the guy always talking about business owners rights?  Would you say same if Hobby Lobby fired a pro-gay employee?
Of course not! That's 'religious freedom'
Stop pandering to the morons in your base.
You should read up on the constitution. I'd love to know why you don't use this argument to say Kaepernick's 1A rights are being violated 
Can I get a job on your staff and issue position papers advocating for UBI? How well would that go over Senator.
it's offensive that a senator who should know the Bill of Rights instead shows either total ignorance, or soulless manipulation.
not how the 1st works, SENATOR
It's a shame that someone who gets to vote on laws doesn't understand that the First Amendment doesn't apply to private employers.
This guy was once on the Texas Supreme Court, to give you an idea of how bad it is there.
No one said the screed was illegal, just unacceptable to that workplace. Happens all the time.
Read the fucking Constitution again.
How did you get to where you are and not know how 1A works?
Get back to it after you have a fourth-grader's understanding of what the First Amendment is about.
lol, you're a Senator, for a party that worships the 'free market', and you have no idea what free speech is. This is delightful.
A US Senator that doesn't understand the First Amendment. Either sad or pathetic, I can't decide which.
Cohn Jornyn
THE FIRST AMENDMENT APPLIES TO GOVERNMENT NOT BUSINESS YOU DOLT! LEAVE GOVERNMENT NOW PLEASE #CivicsClass #Basic
Civiel discussion on why a sitting U.S. Senator doesn't understand what the 1st amendment protects?
As to the thinking of this dweeb that got fired. I present my hero and fellow US Navy alum, Admiral Grace Hopper

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grace_Hopper …
He could not have been more wrong.
I think you need to read this Senator. You should  also read the Constitution since you don't understand that trump isn't a king.
1st amendment protects you from Government reprisal, not private sector or employer reprisal. Take a civics class please, Senator.
I missed the part where this guy was imprisoned for speaking his mind...
im not sure you understand how the 1st amendment works. consequences still occur and this is private sector not government interference.
And you were a judge?
You were a Justice of the Texas Supreme Court. You really don't understand that the First Amendment applies to government action?
"CONGRESS". First. Damn. Word.
What does the 1st amendment have to do with the workplace?

How about a civil discussion of my 1st Am right to say I am embarrassed & disgusted that you 1) are my Sen; and 2) are wasting time on this.
What he said.
I feel sad for the people that work for you.
Right to work state
Congress shall make no law...
Read the Constitution, Senator. I think you'll be surprised by how much you do not know.
The 1st amendment doesn't protect one from the consequences of one's speech.
<reaches for scream jar>
You're in congress and you honestly don't understand how the 1st amendment works?
Civil discussion of the concept of employment at will? Or do you not believe in that?
Disrespecting your co-workers is toxic to team spirit and productivity. Every company's HR dept has policies against this. Not speech issue
First Amendment applies to restrictions on speech by the government, not a private business like Google.  Surely you know this.
Dude. How do you not know how the first amendment works?
As you are aware, you simple fraud, the 1st Amendment relates to government action.
@ChrisMosser @Google you're the #2 GOP senator and you don't know what the 1st amendment is?
You're a former judge, c'mon. Google isn't a state actor; it has every right to sue employees for disgusting, chauvinistic views.
Honestly.. if you don't want to be a Senator any longer quit typing this moronic BS and step down.  Texans will thank you for it.
Are you saying that you support all free speech in the private sector? If so, WOW! What do your fellow 'conservatives' say about it?
Has anyone proposed sending him to jail over this? No? Seems his first amendment rights are doing just fine.
As you are a lawyer I am surprised you are implying 1st amendment rights should prevent firing for violation of company policy
I'm sure you'll man the barricades next time an employee is fired for talking about forming a union (which is, indeed, protected speech).
Maybe someone shld state the obvious: "White men shldn't b allowed in gov't because they r violent warmongers."
Umm...not acceptable to belittle and insult more than half the Am. population?  Comps have a right to b intolerant of bigotry & misogyny.
How do you not know what the First Amendment protects and what it doesn't? Go back to high school, dude.
I found a Senator who doesn't understand the First Amendment y'all. Sad.
Do you really not understand the meaning of the 1st Amendment?
Do you even understand what the 1st amendment is, John? Apparently not.
Seriously, @johnCornyn? You do know what the 1st amendment protects and does not protect, right?
You should probably resign until you figure out how this whole constitution thing works, Sentator.
John,

You'd have to read it before we can discuss it.

It begins: "Google shall fire no employee..." lemme know when you're caught up
1st amendment is about state action. not workplace code of conduct.
given your legal background, why are you being so misleading?
I assume you only decided to become a US Senator because "professional Twitter troll" didn't pay as well.
Cornyn: Are you a lawyer? Constitutionalist? You should read it again. But nice ploy anyway.
Ever read the first amendment? It does nothing to protect folks from being fired if they disagree with company values. #googlemanifesto
If Hoogle claims "religious freedom" would you be ok with this?  Can't argue both ends of right to work, Senator. @GOP white men only party
Sure. Being a U.S. Senator, I would hope your first line would be "First Amendment doesn't apply here." Then I would say "You're right."
