This isn't a game. #ShowUsTheBill
Maybe not. But you're still losing.
Yeah, in districts deemed rock-solid safe enough to cough up an official for admin. You won SC by *3 points.* You're doooooooomed.
LOL you're absurdly delusional. Wake up.
You have four followers. Buzz off.
Don't care. Talking to you, loser......
Voter fraud fraud is the @GOP way. They rejected representative democracy decades ago.
Got your hand slapped in Texas, didn't you?
They can't be contested when ALL R Republican districts! But I'm curious Y YOU & GOP aren't talking abt SCALE OF RUSSIAN ATTACK ON ELECTION!
It's not a baseball series and nothing to be proud.
You just sit their in your smugness and feel good for now. So immature.
Don't gloat. 4 races that shoulda been slam dunks were squeakers. What's up with #SecretHealthCareBill? How many ppl have to die?
So what? None of those were here in Texas. SC and GA can pick their own representatives.
Cheated americas been cheated by confederate Russian sculllywag republicans
how old are you?  your complete lack of emotional intelligence is appalling. #LastTerm
After trumpcare passes you might want to not count 2018. Twenty three million people vote heads up.

Start supporting @realDonaldTrump John.
can't wait to vote corrupt politicians out of office. You are too cozy with them and must go.
Barely holding your own is not something to brag about. You can put lipstick on a pig, but it's still a pig.
Johnny, this isn't a f'n team sport, it's a democracy & you should be focusing on TX - ya know, that place you have a 28% approval rating?
Exactly. That way you have not represented Texas makes me very very sad.
John ... you're obviously blind to what is really happening ... but then again, that's par for the course for you.
Congratulations... now when are you going to have a #townhall? How will the #AHCA improve the health of our nation? What is new w/ #Russia
Keep tweeting, Senator, so even the uninformed learn your character by 2020.
"Objects in rear view mirror may be closer than they appear."
We're coming for you, Senator. We will vote you out.
You have officially gone on record confirming that we are just another number to you.
Confidence is silent. Insecurities are loud.
Or, as my mother used to say: "the guilty dog barks first".
Shows that all this talk of unity was just that. Talk.
Yes.
What the hell kind of senator gloats? Lord I can't wait to vote you out of Texas
No thanks to the rinos!
Just keep pissing off your base. Trumpcare ought to do the trick.
Shame on you for turning governing for Texans - you know, your job - into a game. Grow up. Your priority should be for Texans, not Rs.
Amen to that! @JohnCornyn when did you sell out? Citizens who voted you in can vote you out and your jr @SenTedCruz.
Thanks to gerrymandering.
Gosh is it a game? Not for the 23 million people who are about to lose healthcare.
Because GOP cant play by rules & likes to use nuclear option. Funny how you didnt mention that. The only way a cheater wins is by cheating.
This isn't a game. Score shouldn't be kept. You can count a win if you do what is best for Americans. ALL Americans- not just the wealthy.
yea but by margins that should never had been as close as they were
you're almost as bad as @KellyannePolls at gloating. Winter is coming.
All about the GOP & to hell with the USA.Poo Poo on Russian investigation & blow up health care for Americans! What a patriot!
Shame on you!
Congratulations, Republicans held Republican seats. Now tell us about your efforts at a bipartisan health care act.
Wait, you actually like this traitorous crass money-grubbing Trump guy?
#GA06 margins thru history:
'02: R+59
'04: R unopposed 
'06: R+45
'08: R+37
'10: R unopposed
'12: R+29
'14: R+33
'16: R+23
'17: R+<5
#Facts
Get the economy growing at 4% and the Dems will be done
I say we take steps to get Cornyn out of office before 2020.  That's too long to have this asshole in office.  
#turntexasblue
Yeah, in districts that are gerrymandered so you can cheat your ass off & still win. By the way, show us the #SenateHealthcareBill
Can you at least try to be a statesman for all the people of your state instead of a partisan hack. Election over, you work for all of us.
And @tedcruz  Whats in your health care bill
Just proving that #facism has a way of working.
, only a FOOL gloats.  While you're it, how about opening up #AHCA for SCRUTINY BY PUBLIC
Yes. But y'all were supposed to win GA by 20+ pts.
@GOP should still worry about 2018.
History will forever have your name attached to TrumpCare and your devotion & support of #TrumpRussia putting party over country. Town hall?
Victory lap....unbecoming while taking away 24 million people's Healthcare and giving millionaires huge TAX cuts.Know who you work for!
It's a shame! As old as you are, you still haven't grown up. It's really sad & pathetic. Americans should be on the same team John.
"Talk no more so very proudly, let not arrogance come from your mouth; for the Lord is a God of knowledge, and by him actions are weighed."
https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/7471563078 …

Can you explain why now this is acceptable for #AHCA #Trumpcare ????
The people have a right to know what is happening behind closed doors with secret HC negotiations
It might be a good idea to quit gloating & acting like Dems r the enemy. Aren't we supposed to be working TOGETHER? You're dividing us....
Did u notice how close yesterday's 2 elections were? Those are 2 very GOP gerrymandered districts, & they both won w/less than 4% margin.
Now, the GOP needs to get off of their butts and replace Obamacare! You guys have had years to have a plan ready and have done nothing!
Haha  they are incapable of fixing ANY problem.  They just create more problems.
Indeed! You managed to fill R strong holds with Rs. Kudos. Slimmest of margins be damned. Call it a win! But can you see the trend? #2020
To quote the great Han Solo 

"Don't get cocky kid."
God help us all
If you want to keep your seat, sir, vote against the secret AHCA. & cooperate in the hearings on Russian interference. & answer your phone.
Playbook? This isn't high school football. People's lives are at stake here. Do you even care about your constituents, Johnny boy?
So far GOP are winning because of faith in Trump & HIS promises. GOP would be smart to stop the criticisms & work with Trump to pass bills
Nice point, Corny, obscuring the -7 average shift away from GOP candidates in all those elections combined
SAD you treat this as a game. SAD you won't #ShowUsTheBill SAD you put party over country. GLAD you're gone in 20. #CanCornyn20
tide is still turning-all you GOP only care about is "winning" not the American people. e're awake and watchingand organizing #resist
If y'all keep winning elections maybe one day you'll learn how to govern!
Embarrassing Senator. You're gloating about winning 4 stronghold districts? Not a good look for you.
American people should not have to beg and scream to get Senate to reveal their Trumpcare bill
Until you pass your new healthcare which will leave 1/2 the nation uninsured. Don't worry 2018 things will turn. Just like they did for dems
This tweet shows what's wrong with politics, the GOP, and why our democracy cannot be served by  individuals like you. Please resign.
From a fellow Texan, us independents are noticing your no longer the party of patriots, and karma WILL catch you.
And still haven't accomplished anything.
Great start acting like winners and get off your hands for a little while.  3 branches of Repub control and nothing gets passed.
All in DEEP red districts, u forget that? Now hold townhalls and #stopAHCA You need to hear from constituents before you consider this bill
Small picture mind.
Congrats on winning what you already had. GA6 was most expensive race in history and celebrating homophobic Handel's win is really sad.
Since you are not man enough I will add it in there. Since DT won due to  hackers aiding in the election. It's ok johnny boy we all know.
'10: R unopposed 
  '12: R+29 
  '14: R+33 
  '16: R+23 '
  17: R+<5
You should definitely not campaign hard in 2020. Take it easy!
Pride comes before the fall. R lost 19% of Price's voters...can you afford this attrition? Stop listening to us and find out.
Playbook: Hide away new Healthcare bill in secret rooms because bill so bad even own party kept from seeing it
When are you going to release the Senate health Bill? What happened to all of your talk about transparency? #ShowUsTheBill
Playbook: Ignore Russian interference and likely crimes committed by the Administration
and?  You may not have noticed John, but politics in this country operates on a pendulum.
Playbook - In heavy red districts w/historical huge margin of wins, brag about tiny percentage wins when obvious tides are changing
Government making a game out of politics. This is so aggressively divisive. Clearly you want to fan the fire of hate. #CornynFansFire
Playbook-keep the poor, poor; the sick, sick; the discriminated against, discriminated against. Brag abt wins with miniscule % in R dists
What can you tell us about the healthcare bill?
I actually think the 2018 takeaway for Democrats from the special elections so far is pretty clear: compete in a lot of places – Nate Silver
Ossoff was within 5% in a district that elected Tom Price by 23% only 7 months ago. Do the math dum dum
your office calls you a moderate R. Moderates don't tweet about W/L like it's a Rangers game. Fire your social director.
This isn't a game. If the GOP wants to keep their seats, y'all need to stop hiding your healthcare bill. Trust us about this. Seriously.
Enjoy your last hurrah! GOP is a dying party.
Gloating is not senatorial.  Show us the bill. Protect us. Are you for us?  Or just for yourselves?
Are you going to pretend those contests were in 50-50 toss up districts?
No vacation dojob elected to do, work full time like Americans that voted for you
Margins offer perspective-
#GA06 margins thru history:
'02: R+59
'04: R unopposed 
'06: R+45…
I wouldn't be so over confident!  2018 will be a different story!
You are first and foremost supposed to be on Team USA.  That first word in USA is "united."  You act like this is a game.
Playbook? Nice to know you think of this as a football game. You're a PUBLIC SERVANT, act like it.
The courts will make it fair and the people will speak.
"There's nothing being done in secret here," says  @JohnCornyn of upcoming healthcare vote on a bill nobody's seen...
- Margins not looking good & races growing tighter. Imagine what the races would look like without GOP gerrymandering.
Imagine what congress would look like right now without gerrymandering.
So, how's your all-white-male health care plan going? You all are exactly what's wrong in this country. We see you. Your parents failed
..in heavily red districts that are now very purple.
It's not a game. If that's how you see this, you've lost your way. You're supposed to work for all of us.
Yes, it's an uphill slog against the GOP gerrymander. But we're chipping away.
whistling past the graveyard?
YOU will lose if we don't get a public hearing on healthcare bill. I am a TEXAS VOTER.
Have you heard of the term HUBRIS? How is that #TrumpRussiaCollusion investigation going? When are you going to #ShowUsTheBill?
Too bad Trumps not doing as well versed SCOTUS.  LOL
- Margins not looking good & races growing tighter. Imagine what really unpopular AHCA & continued TrumpRussia does ....
And America is winless in trying to see what's in the American Health Care Act you're working on.
Classy. Not.
How's that TrumpCare bill coming, John? Still too awful to see the light of day? Mitch happy you spend so much time on Twitter?

Seems like scraping by in solidly red districts would call for self-reflection. How's that wildly unpopular AHCA bill looking right now?
smaller margins than before which means Dems are making headway in deep red territory. I bet as more  scandal unfolds it gets smaller
Solid R districts but shrinking margins.  Keep up your work and your constituents will realize you are not working for them, just the rich
Only election that matters is your attempt at re-election.
Where is the Texas townhall schedule 4 your performance review?
Elections that should've been cakewalks ended up being uphill battles + GOP gets assaulter & someone willing to hide murder. You're proud? 
How many moderate Bush Republicans (like me) won't vote for someone who supported treason at the highest level of government? You are gone!
I've been Independent my whole life.  This election has turned me  into a Democrat...& an involved person who is RESISTING the agenda of #45
All in reliably R districts. Are you worried yet?
How many new voters are there in Texas? How many from CA will vote 4 an old bigoted fool like u that decided to hide deathcare from public?
GOP spends $23M to win a House seat they haven't lost in 40 yrs. The DT toxic stench is getting expensive. And U still have a 28% appvl rtg.
The senate may be more vulnerable since gerrymandering is less a factor. Big issue is how dems will define the legislation (healthcare, tax)
You will lose House and Senate in 2018. That is clear from the points you have lost in specials that have always been Republican strongholds
Worry about your own race in a few years.  #wewillnotforget
Special elections due to Rs going to Washington in heavily (gerrymandered) R district.  Dems are going to compete everywhere.
100 million jobs lost with Koch Brothers care
Hey remember when Repub PACs called black voters with a fake plea by Obama to vote GOP? Win an election, cheat Americans, right?
Pride comes before the fall #2018midterms
If Repubes would play nice, you could actually have bipartisan bills.
Wait until you bankrupt families Let seniors and children die with no healthcare and see how it goes
Well let's back up President Trump we the people have spoken tell your fellowmen that they need to step it up forget about the democraps
This is a trash tweet
More accurate to say 4 & 0 in spite of Donald Trump, not because of him...
Goverment corruption is apparent. Thankfully people see past the $, but 50 million is ridiculas for a state Rep. race. We need campaign caps
such a popular president!..
#BuildThatWall
Don't hold your breath!
Heartbreaking how the tribe votes against it's own interests because of the cynical use of another gun violence tragedy. 
How many votes do you have for Trumpcare?
Bigly popular agenda winning many new votes.  Go all in on Trump and you will too!
And did worse in the districts historically. Dems doing 8% better.
Playbook...Close down rural health clinics in TX by gutting Medicaid. Cost thousands of jobs and not actually lower premiums.
Don't forget deciding women need less care,  raising maternal mortality rates in TX higher than most industrialized countries. 
You're crediting him with that? Seems like the races were closer than you would be comfortable with. 2018 will be interesting. #votethemout
#turntexasblue
And only losing 15 to 20 points per election....
In 8 months

Why won't you hold a town hall? Why won't you show the bill? Why are you such a coward?
yes be happy you won a deep red seat just barely... that should worry you about your next time around John. Don't get big headed you lemming
newt's rolling in his grave that his 40pt seat was almost taken.  oh wait he's not gone yet? damn...
Where's the healthcare bill? When will you let your constituents have a say instead of being a petty child?
It is very clear the Republicans do NOT value the lives or health of their consituents. Shameful.
