Remarkable, that you kowtow to this crazy man. His negativity towards everyone that came before him is a black mark on our country.
John, I know you're Senate Majority Whip but you're licking Trump's boots so well that @foxandfriends is asking you for advice.
Question answered. Dixie Chicks flayed for personal opinion re W. 45 praised for shredding 1st Amend, US IC & 44. Guess 45 walks on water. 
Remarkable that you link to this "news" source.

R U KIDDING! Attacked US intel svcs, US president & US free press. Disgusting that you find remarkable! TRAITOR
Remarkable?
Simply because he read a script that was about normal diplomacy & not his usual deranged rantings does not make it remarkable!
Absolutely this was a #skidmarkable speech! @realDonaldTrump sounded as #vocabularyimpaired and #lied per the @Trump brand #colludingcornyn
You do realize he's directly colluding with putin, right john? 

Oh, ya. That's right. You don't care, traitor. Party/power over country.
Trump has done and said many things that Putin doesn't like. Read the article and you'll find some. Hillary and Obama were soft on Russia.
Yet 45 REFUSES to accept the FACT that putin directed attacks on our democracy and Cornyn is actively protecting 45 from investigation.
Cornyn isn't stopping any investigation. Trump says some strange things, but the results are what matters. Better than Hillary or Obama!
I can only imagine if Obama or Clinton were under the same cloud of deep suspicion of collusion with russia. You'd be losing your fn mind.
Clinton helped Putin acquire American uranium. Obama did nothing as Putin annexed countries. Trump collusion has been proven a Democrat lie.
BWAHAHAHA U mean the one Stephen Miller wrote.....no thank you! Jesus Cornyn get the brown off of ur nose!
A "remarkable" speech? Really? Stop.

It was nothing more than white nationalism cloaked in a well-tailored suit, delivered w/o stammering.
He disrespected Americans to kiss Putin ass.  Not so remarkable .
#NoCutsNoCaps
#SaveMedicaid
You mean the one where he's terrified of non-white people? What are you afraid of, John?
Dude, clearly your on his payroll. Just start sporting the FAKE orange skin and rediculous FAKE hair and call yourself Trump Jr.
2 points: if 45 didn't resign = unremarkable; or he finally read a speech written by an educated writer.  News?  On 4 Trumpettes.
he is destroying America, and you are enabling it #coward #complicit #corrupt @txlege @TXDemWomen @TURNTXBLUE2018
Keep up the fake news
'Remarkable' is not the word I'd use. More like 'sinister' or 'threatening.'
He got lost on the stage.
Nothing remarkable about it!
Sad.
It was remarkable only for the fact that he was a complete embarrassment.
Do you agree with Sarah's assessment? #14words
Trump Gives Speech to the People of Poland, Says 14 Words That Leave Americans Stunned http://fb.me/vfjqQSAg 
You need to complete the GOP promise #FullRepeal of Obamacare 
Repeal #Obamacare
They say it was the greatest speech about Poland since the days of Hitler.
Weird that most people think Trump speaks at a sixth grade level. You guys have taste

.@DavidFrum on the falsehood at the core of Trump's Warsaw speech: https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2017/07/trump-warsaw-speech/532917/?utm_source=twb …
@JohnCornyn did you hear it?  Are you behind this kind of rhetoric?  If so, you must go!
You are disgusting. Trump ridiculed American intelligence and all you can do is smile. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.
he is corrupt and aligned with Putin
Yea.. it's interesting what he says when other people write his stuff vs when he doesn't have a script. Polished v total idiot
I was taught to never talk back to my elders but really, you're too much
I think you mean "very, very good" speech. Trump doesn't say thinks like remarkable. Only very very
#FakeNews
Russia hacks US nuclear power plants, @JohnCornyn & Trump say NOTHING.
First U.S. president to visit the Polish capital and not visit the site of the Warsaw Ghetto since the fall of Communism. Very shameful
Remarkable because he finally gave a coherent-tho dark & no details-message? Plus disconnect from majority of USA!
U mean that speech has actual purpose & not just some wack job against America ?
Remarkable? What the hell were y'all watching?
As come on, John! The only remarkable thing about Trump is that he can still wipe himself without help!
Remarkable in that he started iffy attacking the press, the US Intelligence Services, past US Presidents, and lying about Russia #impeach45
Remarkable? If we have the will. He was weak he represented us as weak.
Man on the right is trying to destroy our democracy. Man on the left is helping him. @JohnCornyn has ability to stand up for us and won't.
You must be on the Russian payroll if you think trashing our allies and IC before a small staged crowd is remarkable.
#impeachtrump
The man is a lunatic and your legacy will be you knew but decided party over Country was the best choice
By remarkable I presume you mean insane?
DJT is an obvious embarrassment who's tweeting lies about Podesta, our fed law enforcement & free press. You are complicit sir.
"remarkable" is not a word I would use to describe any speech by #TrumpFraud.
Seconded
Remarkably isolationist and backward-looking, maybe.
Notably, this article, and you, leave out his bashing of the US media, US Intelligence Agencies & Obama. Sad.
You ever seen that Seinfeld episode where the Dr. calls the baby and Elaine "breathtaking"?
Im done looking at speech, vocab, & tweets. Lets critique actions. #travelban, #TrumpRussia, leaving #ParisAgreement, bad #healthcare plan
TRUMP STOOD B4 AUTHORITARIAN REGIME AND DISPARAGED PRESIDENT OBAMA & US INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES! He should be IMPEACHED FOR THAT SPEECH ALONE!
Remarkable 4 being FIRST US President in history 2 stand B4 AUTHORITARIAN REGIME PUTIN PUT IN POWER & HE DISPARAGED ANOTHER US President!!!!
Did you watch it? He did nothing but trash our republic, our IC, our free press, and literally everything this country was founded on!
but does trump understand the words that he reads???
Do you mean the parts where he bashed the American Intelligence and press? That was 'remarkable'.Why do you support this?
Continuing to act as Trump's lapdog will end poorly for you.Your constituents are watching and listening.

Making USA a third world country  is not  remarkable. #ImpeachTrump.
It appears  did it with ease. His talent seems to be  things up.
#ImpeachTrump
remarkably bad. Trashed the US, US intelligence, the press....pathetic this is acceptable to the GOP.
You set the bar very low for the word you used.
Remarkably embarrassing. Remarkable that they bussed in sycophants to clap and cheer. It's remarkable how far we have fallen in 168 days
Remarkable?  Did you listen to it or just stare and drool at the sound of the ass-in-chief's voice?  You are truly despicable #turntexasblue
Everyone is misspelling 'appalling.'
What a joke you both are!
An alternate view - https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/view/articles/2017-07-07/why-trump-will-never-make-a-historic-speech …
"The words have long lost their meaning, but the audience sings along."
What's "remarkable" is how Trump and you embarrass our nation.
Are you seriously praising his conduct?  You're just as bad as he is.
It is remarkable to run down America & our past leaders. T45 would sell out his own country for a round of applause from foreigners.
45 would sell out his own country with a round of applause from the R's in the senate...kind like our lovely senator did in the above tweet
Remarkable that you would promote that this was rematkable. Remarkable that you blame victims, a POTUS who cleaned Ws mess, hide from voters
He was embarrassing as usual
Terrifying. Nationalist. Pugilistic. Par for the course. The man is dangerous to the world, itching for a fight. Only you can stop him.
There is no way he made a remarkable speech.  He barley can talk in full sentences.  God I can't wait to vote you out of office.
Was it the themes of white nationalism that you enjoyed so much Senator?
He criticized R free press, intel agencies and the previous POTUS on foreign soil. Have some balls and call this out for the bullshit it is.
FFS. @GOP hacks want to throw a parade because Trump managed to read a speech he didn't write off of a TelePrompTer??? #godhelpus
What do you say about Trump trash talking Obama, CNN and intelligence community on foreign soil? Dixie Chicks were crucified for saying less
Followed by an abysmal press conference.  It's a shame that the only time he sounds presidential is when it is scripted.
So this means you agree with the author's characterization of non-European people & culture as "dangerous"? Why don't you say what you mean
Remarkably dark and dystopian speech.  Trump's world view is dangerously detached from reality.  Today, he's kissing Putin's ass.
Remarkable? Hardly...
Consider  the conservative media Washington Examiner owned by Trump supporter Anschutz 
Biased?
Well, it IS Cronie Cornyn, so....
Senato, What exactly do you find remarkable about that speech?
That you pant to carry water for Trump is revolting. That you sit on the Senate Intel Comm is terrifying
Texas & Oklahoma have more science hating, climate change denying, fossil fuel bought traitorous aholes per capita than anywhere else.
What do YOU think about his speech, actions, John? Why do you disrespect your office and Texans by hiding behind others' words?
Remarkable if your a white nationalist like the speech writters Bannon and Miller.The bar is not set to high for you is it Sen
Next up how tuff Trump was on his crush Putin
bcuz t sided with Hitler n paints an awful pic of usa functions!we respect cia,fbi,doj!perhaps t wnts us to struggle to lift himself higher?
Cornyn or a staff member have been known to block people for using the H word.
until he spoken badly about Obama and Intel community, no sense of American Pride and Patriotism sad @MSNBC
Time for you to courageously back the Trump agenda and stop fighting the will of the people, @JohnCornyn.
Kind of a big guy to be a lap dog John
Does this tweet convey that you thought Trump's speech was "remarkable?"  How about the press conference? ...
What will have to happen for you to finally comment on Trump and his actions? Seriously, what are you waiting for?
You mean when he attacked the US IC and blamed everything on the past?  Embarrassing. And so are you. @worstsenatorinusa
Ooops. Meant #worstsenatorinusa not @
Traitor
A counter to the "pro isolation and frightened nationalism" of that article, from a respectable Washington paper:

https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/opinions/global-opinions/trump-affirms-the-polish-governments-assault-on-democracy/2017/07/06/e90ac592-625e-11e7-a4f7-af34fc1d9d39_story.html …
The ONLY thing remarkable about tRump is how remarkably INEPT he is for his job. #ImpeachTrump #SaveOurCare #SaveMedicaid
So that's what your going with this morning John, wow..,
Please repeal Obamacare!
Remarkable how he refused to go to the WW2 memorials? How he trashed American free press abroad?
Nothing remarkable about it. He is weak, ineffective, and way in over his head.
Yeah, if you think it's remarkable to go abroad and dis your nation's press, intelligence agencies, and former Presidents. Bc AMERICA FIRST
I love Polish people, but can't say I consider them the best strategic ally we could have in the world.
Ah! Barone has finally got it & moved beyond low social capital areas are ones supporting Trump nonsense. Trump is CREATING social capital
Obama destroyed it & we ended with policeman assassinated in broad daylight in major American cities as if we were a banana republic.
That's what counts as remarkable these days?
Remarkable that he goes to foreign countries to complain about our constitution. While Rs still criticize @BarackObama for apologizing.
until he opened his mouth and flip/flopped on Russ intervention in election. Off script this guy is a nightmare.
A NAZI DOES NOT BELONG IN OUR GOVERNMENT. FULL STOP.
Trump also lied several times in his speech. We are embarrassed.
What is your opinion about Trump's speech?

Capitol Police: 43 protesters arrested as disability rights activists conducted a "die-in" to block hallway near Sen. McConnell's office. 
The man can't speak in a complete sentence.

@maddow a group of disabled peaceful protestors were arrested at Corey Gardner office protesting Block Grants Medicaid proposal. DM for more 

Protestors tell me folks being loaded up here were the protesters  arrested at McConnell's office. 
Remarkable in that he actually thinks western civilization is that weak. Remarkable that he praises nationalist press-undermining leaders.
Remarkable that America, the creator of the post WWII system, is actively encouraging people who want to destroy it.
Not America. Trump.
https://mobile.twitter.com/Spicerlies/status/881555079530151940 …
OMG PATHETIC

Ten protesters outside of Sen. Toomey's office, several arrested: "Kill the bill, don't kill me." 


Protesters now outside of Republican Sen. Cory Gardner's Senate office. Chanting "shame on you." 
How about the press conference? That was remarkable. Perhaps you could comment.

Capitol Police are arresting about 8 people outside Rubio's DC office. They keep chanting "Vote no Rubio" 

Loud, angry chants of SHAME as Trump's motorcade arrives @ Trump Hotel for fundraiser 

Capitol Police arresting protesters who rely on wheelchairs. They dropped one.

#NoCutsNoCaps 
