I think not considering the damage they've done to PP & the women who need care. #lockthemup
They willfully and knowingly broke the law.  Don't you believe in the rule of law?
Here I thought you were about 'rule of law', Senator. They broke the law doing what they did, quite simple enough.
Not only did they commit a felony but their lies led to women being denied their health rights. That this is still an issue is obscene.
Wrong again!
That's overreach?  How about you supporting a prez who gets rich off the tax payer and Russian ties?
Your favorite buzzword "overreach" is overused.
Not an overrrach at all!!  Liars and law breakers should be prosecuted to the full extent. especially when it results in poor people losing
Of course you'd want to protect other white, misogynistic men like yourself. They are felons also. Who are other felons are you protecting?
DISTURBING OVERREACH? R u f'ing kidding me? They spread horrible lies about a vital women's organization! They deserve everything they get!
They broke the law. AND they edited the illegally obtained video to perpetrate a lie. I hope they get the max sentence.
No, they are justice for those who used fake news to defame Planned Parenthood.
More disturbing to see John Cornyn do nothing about Russian intelligence moles inside the Trump Whitehouse
Your 'disturbing overreach' is my 'deserved justice'. They broke the law to create propaganda. Do the crime, do the time.
No John. UR behavior is disturbing. At least they weren't elected & then broke law while screwing over Americans. U did that.
It's disturbing for all white male governing admins make decisions on women's abilities to control their own bodies w/out having women heard
Disagree, sir. Their crime was vile.
You are wrong. They are criminals.
very much an overreach. They are being persecuted for daring to take on the biggest killer of babies in the world.
But 3 years for marijuana makes sense to you? Wake up!
So misdemeanor charges are more appropriate in your mind?
Will you grant Mike Flynn immunity?
so you like criminals as long as they're promoting your agenda?
You represent Texas corporate interests & religious extremists! You've declared war on women & we're coming for you!
Not really. Their actions led to a deadly shooting in PP clinic. I'd say seems pretty legit
You and the @ GOP would know a thing or two about overreach. #disturbing
They broke the law and yet you want to give them a pass?!?! That's scary considering the Russia - Trump investigation.
If they didn't want felony charges, they shouldn't have committed felonies. Manipulating vulnerable people is disgraceful. Don't defend it!
They broke the law, so they get charged with the crime. How is this a big mystery to you?
So is jailing sheriffs in so-called sanctuary cities
So you only support following the letter of the law when the cause is left wing? *crickets chirping*
Your kidding right?   You approve of lying for profit & false testimony?   Sorry,  of course you do,  you do it to us.
You forgot the most important adjective for the videos "heavily edited"
Looks like they are being charged because it brought loss of funding!
John, you are ignoring the biggest felony crimes of this century. Why are you being quiet?Your silence is your approval
What about the rule of law? Or does that not apply to those on your side?
How so? They committed numerous felonies in the production of those profoundly misleading videos.
if it's a felony crime felony charges would be appropriate
You voted against women's health today. I'd kick you in the balls if I could.
they went looking for trouble so now they have it!
:  why is this disturbing?
They violated HIPA and produced edited videos which caused violence. Jail time is exactly what they should get.
When one side has to make up 'evidence' again and again, that side is WRONG
I guess they shouldn't have committed the crime in California.
And if you wanna talk about criminal justice reform, how about we start with #raisetheage
bet you never said felony charges for a black man with 4 oz of pot were overreach. 
Felony charge appropriate for felony crime. Weird how the GOP has selective concern for law and order.
how? u r clueless to what planned parenthood does for poor people. no need to hav kids. u won't cover them.
This is an editorial, you know that's opinion not facts, right? You need to learn the difference.
Not a peep on out of you about #Trumprussia - Shameful!
Felony offense=felony charges. Why are you defending common criminals?
You would think that since you're giving away our privacy to the highest bidder. It's not okay to lie, misrepresent and jeopardize info
In what way is it overreach? A felony is a felony.
Considering the damage done. You guys used these videos as factual. When it was all fake.
Felony charges are appropriate when there is evidence of felony criminal behavior. Pretty basic stuff, sir.
Why do you not tweet about the treasonous bastards in the WH?  Afraid the the GOP will crumble in 2018?
No felony charges and convictions are exactly what they deserve.
I thought you were 'tough on crime' Senator. Or is that only for non-whites?
Speaking of felonies, what are your thoughts on Flynn? Manafort? Sessions? Nunes? Trump? Any politician who has given them cover?
How about 8 years in jail for the woman in Dallas who illegally voted? Appropriate?
Loss of healthcare is a disturbing overreach for women. Get on the right side of history.
they broke the law and felony charges are appropriate.
that got what they deserved
But a prison sentence for an undocumented mother in Dallas voting for DT is not an over reach.  You really have lost your soul
I hope whoever reads your responses communicates the outrage your constituents-BOSSES-are feeling you do NOT have a lifetime appointment
I find it disturbing that you're so invested in their lies that you are willing to overlook felony action to save face. Shame, @JohnCornyn
I'd expect that from you....if they charged & convicted your long moral outrage at PP was based on a lie....oops, @GOP standard SOP
No it's not.  Has inspired people like you to vote to defund women's healthcare.  Some will die.  Look what happened here in TX.
You condone being filmed without permission and that film being manipulated to a lie?   No wonder you won't look me in the eye
Is there a problem respecting the judiciary in the GOP? 1st Thumper; now you, Maj. Whip. Disgraceful thought process, if one.
wow st Mary's law at work huh
Oh come on John, not a overreach at all.  What is disturbing is how republican politicians readily accepted their narrative without proof.
Especially when felony illegals roam free around the country. These two were getting inside information to protect the unborn not kill them
You have an unbelievably perverse sense of the law. Do you truly believe those who believe as you do are above it?
Are you saying that those who commit felonies shouldn't be prosecuted if they're doing it for political reasons? Hmm.
This sudden interest in prosecutorial decisions in California is... intriguing. How about some comment on TX issues, like the bathroom bill?
it's incredible felony charges for committing felonies is an overreach but denying women basic healthcare is alright. #2020
Women are not denied basic healthcare. I have Medicaid
Not for long...
They absolutely SHOULD be prosecuted for spreading such hateful and DANGEROUS propaganda
Disagree. U have time 2 comment on this but not on all of the overreach of Trump admin nor on the FBI's criminal invest. into his campaign?
I politely disagree with you.
You defending these disgraceful  duo?
.@JohnCornyn You can't be serious.
It's disturbing that 2 posers  attempt to entrap people doing nothing illegal. Change the law about the sale of tissue, don't support crime.
Disagree
Maybe they should use the Affluenza defense?
So the law was misapplied as a matter of policy?  Not a compelling argument.  They committed felonies.  Unsound to pick and choose.
The R Party is now the party of disinformation, felons, & traitors. Of course you defend them while defunding PP.
so are most felony charges.  Welcome to the criminal justice system!!!!!!!!
Felony charges for a felony crime...sounds legit. Btw, ppl committing a crime while attempting to entrap is not a sting. They're not police.
They broke the law! They deserve to be jailed! Or are you now soft on crime, @JohnCornyn ?
How #Trump of you to try to distract us from the fact you took away women's rights to cancer & HIV screenings. You know videos were doctored
84% of Planned Parenthood is abortion. They do prescribe birth-control but they do not do mammograms etc. they're in business for abortion
Stop Showboating Work 4 Us Constituents! Investigate All the Russian Involvement & Still going on Now Nepotism Get off Ass Work for Us!
Aftr 8 mo of investigation there is zero in Russian involvement N election. Not 1 single vote was changed. Hillary was a bad candidate
He believes in law when it suits his beliefs. Now, he probably is pushing to remove treason laws.
IANAL but why exactly is it an overreach to charge people with a crime there's evidence they committed?
No. Felony charges are appropriate for people who commit felonies. Much like impeachment is appropriate for colluders with foreign gov'ts.
If felony charges are overreach,then surely regulating bathroom use is,too? Tell @DanPatrick @loiskolkhorst @GovAbbott!
PREACH IT @carolynevewade!!!!!!
Are you “law and order” or not?  I suspect at your own will.
And, you would be wrong, Cornsyrup.
What's disturbing is the continued credence given to these hoodlums.  i dont hear you denouncing their criminality.
Seems you like criminals - as long as they are on your side.
They comitted felonies. Now you defend criminals? Getting mentally ready for Trump's inevitable indictment right?
It didn't bother you their depiction of the situation was false?
Pease...you are so removed from the thoughts and needs of your constituents it is pathetic.  Need a Town Hall!
Felony charges are appropriate for people who commit felonies.
Only appropriate if they committed a felony.  OH, wait. They did.
May they rot in jail.
