8 years what did u do?
Shame on you giving into the rhetoric and dividing along party lines. #United
Im tired of biz as usual too. Politicians who take from our most vulnerable (e.g. people w/disab. & kids) to give more to the wealthy.
It stops now. You pass a bill that hurts my 4yr old daughter w/autism, I will make it my life mission to get you out of office.
You wouldn't even invite them to the meeting tomorrow. All GOP. #ShowUsTheBill
Tell us what is in the Trump Care bill. Remember when ACA took a year with 40+ hearings and amendments proposed. Obstruction?  Hypocrite
Ok. Pay attention. This isn't real media.
hey, @SenateDems apparently Sen. Cornyn wants you to help, which means unfettered access to the bill. Call him out!
Liar. The Dems offered to work with GOP and McConnell said no. Pathetic, as usual.
Stop sabotaging the ACA. People are dying because of your twisted ideology. Profits over people.
And business as usual for the #GOP is to hide from the American people? #ShowUsTheBill #vote2020
Pledge of allegiance-"ONE nation under God INDIVISIBLE"party mentality of division is destroying us, this is the UNITED states of America
You, sir, are a damn hypocrite! Show us the bill.  #AHCA #Deathcare #SaveACA
Senator, you realize that Americans witness DC duplicity & schoolyard antics on a steady basis. Recognizing D's antics & not your own. SAD
ARE YOU BEGGING TO GET KICKED OUT OF OFFICE? Your self-importance is unconscionable
You're really pushing it
1st the gin blossoms on your nose are out of control, so cut back on the booze. 2nd,your hiding is pathetic, 3rd look for a new house in Tx.
You need to stop talking now! U and ur despicable R cohorts r gonna rue the day u tried to ram thru this horrid HC plan! Buh bye....
Oh my GOSH!! You have the House AND the SENATE??!!!! How can you possibly push this ridiculousness onto the Dems???? You do not need them!
How can they do something when you refuse to show them the bill you hypocrite.
…will you? Other than remove coverage from millions, of course. #AHCAKills #ACA #ACARepeal #Obamacare #AHCA
Ur not doing business as usual either. Behind closed doors-because ur ashamed. Too cowardly to actually fix it.  Have to get $$ to the rich.
#ShowUsTheBill
The GOP is going to own this terrible healthcare bill. Voters aren't going to forgive and forget over who took away their healthcare.
They already did something - it's called the ACA and would be more successful if partisan @GOP had done a damn thing to improve it.
I'm gonna enjoy watching you lose your job in 2020
how can dems or reps do anything with a blank sheet of paper that the senate gang is providing on health care
I love Texas and I am very happy to call it home but you, with your partisanship and hypocrisy, make me embarrassed to call myself a Texan.
The party of Obstruction
Why are you part of a secret cabal of 13 men rewriting the healthcare policy for all Americans? What are you and the other 12 hiding?!?
You are so divisive. Please, do you job and keep your partisan nonsense out of this. Texans deserve better than this!
That's the same question we've asked about repubs for years!
.@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer I miss the days of you being a principled conservative and not simply a partisan hack.
Remember 8 years ago when Mitch McConnell said he wasn't doing his job while Obama was President? He was man of his word congress  stopped.
Why draft your bill in secret, why not work with Dems?
Show us the damn healthcare bill.
Delete account, and then self.
STOP. What did YOU do for healthcare in the last decade?
hold a hearing on the health bill u hypocrite.
Where's the bill? Where's the debate? Why are you so scared of showing it to the public?
#ShowUsTheBill #resist
Propaganda put out by you.
What do you expect them to do when you won't cooperate? #ShowUsTheBill Do your job and serve WE THE PEOPLE, not your party line.
Yep. Loving your approach @JohnCornyn   Nothing says leadership like blaming other people when you are the majority.  Grow up.
Once again you're misquoting. Since you & 25 R men are writing the bill and not allowing input they should make it difficult.
REALLY? They have been; they requested input, committee meetings, a copy to read and y'all blocked every step of the way.
So why are there no hearings on this plan if it's so great. Rep the people of Texas, not agendas
Do you read any unbiased news sources, or are you only interested in papers that feed your confirmation bias? Never mind, we know the answer
why don't you guys turn the lights on and unlock the doors to anyone other than your little boys clan?NO ONE know what the hell your'e doing
Did you even read the article?? Shut up and do your job! Texas deserves better than you and cruz
Please, understand Mr. Cornyn this office you hold is at pleasure of the people, not a career for to fill your pleasure.
Democrats are the minority party in every branch of government. How can lack of progress be their fault?
Get to work for the people of Texas
Business as usual would mean hearings and public transparency for your terrible #TrumpCare debacle. Republicons don't want the attention.
So, will you finally do something? Humans deserve to be protected under the law or is that only for a previldged few? Enough of the party!
so will you finally stop hurting Americans with your secrecy and promoting hateful bills?
No. You are wrong. Americans have not heard one truthful thing out of a Democrats mouth in years. It means just the opposite.
Please, your party is crafting a bill in secret because it's too "mean".  Tell us again how the GOP cares about us and not tax cuts for rich
We're sick of this garbage from you John. Quit and go home.
The health and lives of millions of Americans are stake. Where is the Senate bill? Why are you crippling democracy?
So you Republicans will hide in secret, working away without giving a thought to All the people.
Comrade- did you even read the article ? they are doing what they can, as you wont let anyone see what GOP doing . This is NOT democracy !
You should be more concerned about the administration destroying our democracy. Dems can't compare.
What are you doing to our health care?
You're my Senator. Do the right thing and do not vote for anything your buddies propose until everyone has seen it and debated it.
@alweaver22 Let's all have a huge party the day this guy is no longer our non representative.
You have no right to say these things. You are a hypocrite.
Well, they did create the ACA, which created over 240K jobs, but you and your fellow shitbird Congressmen had to undercut it state-by-state.
Sen. if these are typed by your own hands...STOP. If you're paying an aide to handle this account...STOP.
Either way-you're an embarrassment
Get that healthcare cabal you're obstructing democratic processes with to show everyone progress (if any) and what great things bill has
Not business as usual. Republicans have closed meetings on healthcare.
#ShowUsTheBill
That is exactly what the republicans did when Obama was president do what is your point


You folks better make this healthcare plan public. If not you will take a beating. What happened to transparency?
You keep secrets because your plan sucks so much and you are ashamed.  Is that your business as usual?  You suck
All you've done is gripe and complain - haven't seen anything on your bill.  Apparently GOP's angle is devide and confuse.  Deplorable.
Why don't you do what's right for the people of this country and of your state?!!  Show us the bill you Republicans are hiding!?
Ok @TedNugent your first assignment is head over to @johncornyn and convince him to be a civil professional servant of the people
Sick of your divisive tweets
Check scoreboard. Repubs control it all.  It is time to act, John
Guess what Johnny boy...there is a wonderful thing called the Internet. All kinds of info can be found. How about you #ShowUsTheBill?
So, Mr/Ms social media manager for @JohnCornyn , are you passing on all this outrage to your boss? #ShowUsTheBill
I hope they don't do as much as they did the first time around!
Your party refuses their input and is crafting a bill in secret to avoid public backlash.  Explain to me how you are making any sense.
Your tweets have grown tiresome.  #ShowUsTheBill
STOP KILLING PEOPLE to give tax breaks to your corporate overlords. Weak men.
GOP had 8 years to come up with an alternative. You're the majority. If health care fails, you can't blame the Dems.
You're an embarrassment.
Democrats did more to care for their constituents (and yours) than you ever have or ever will.
The @GOP governing in secrecy is Un-American. . The people do want what you sow. How about change what you do rather than blame others.
You're ridiculous! Stop sabotaging the ACA & fund CSRs #ShowUsTheBill #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
"Will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?" Senator @clairecmc asked today in the Finance Cmte. You should watch: #Trumpcare 
#ShowUsTheBill
Here's the side-by-side of the debate process for the ACA & for #Trumpcare. Notice the difference? 
This is about millions of America people life's and jobs ,Not your petty party over people secret bill
You're a traitor as long as you're unwilling to defend the Constitution which you took an oath to defend. Go back and read it. AH.
The ball is in the R court. Show us the bill!  Prove to us that it's better!  What are you hiding?
You are sickening sir
Explains your 28% approval rating. Sad.
Seriously. Who acts like this and performs like this? 
@realDonaldTrump.

#SwampOfLiars
#TheResistance
You are doing this in private and expect magical subservient compliance like u give Trump.    Do u have a brain?
When are YOU going to do something? All you tweet is trash talk; where is your bill? Where is the CBO score? Where is YOUR work? Nowhere.
You're the ones hidingvyour bill get real and grow up

Do u ever read what you Tweet? Schumer is publicly calling you out for hiding your "healthcare" bill. Are YOU finally going to do seomthing?
They are doing something: they're making a stand so you'll SHOW THEM THE BILL. Because all this secrecy is undemocratic oh & also wrong.
You LITERALLY control the house and senate. Hold hearings so WE THE PEOPLE can see what you're doing to OUR healthcare! Do your JOB!!!
You are the 2nd most vile man in Washington and that speaks volumes
You sound so partisan and petty. And you're really going all in with the Washington Examiner today, wow.
This is the kind of nonsense that makes people hate politicians like some strange species of lizard people. Solve problems, not blame shift.
Keep using the word "they" and "us". Dividing America is the best hope you have for staying in power.
Why????  If you don't know, then you shouldn't be in office!!!  #ShowUsTheBill and have hearings!!!  Who voted for you anyway?  Not me!!!
Hey John, you're playing with the lives of MILLIONS of people. The GOP sabotaged the ACA. You are complicit in this.
Ok this is stupid. You won't even let democrats in on discussions, and it's all about them. Are you serious about reform or just bluffing?
Show us the bill.
What are you even talking about? How can they do something if you won't let them see it?!
Sigh.
