Are you proud to tell your friends and family about your role in all this?
Excellent.
We must combat Russian information warfare. Very serious problem
I would love to hear your plan? A plan? Something needs to be done. French elections are being attacked right now.
Interesting. Are they going to deny Fox a press pass now? They're basically Trump-sponsored news.
How's about #Breitbart!
GOOD!!! It is about time the U.S. do something about RUSSIAN PRESS=Putin!
You so love any thing Russia and Putin.Why does the GOP worship Putin
Because they are on the payroll
Are you getting paid by Russia for this John?  Or kompromat?
Why would you tweet this? The only conclusion from out here is collusion. Are you going to have any public forums? Just asking from Texas.
Fine, but not relevant to much.
They should deny ur security credentials bc ur clearly in Putin's camp. TX is on to u. #impeachtrumppence #txGOPcorruption #trumprussia
PBS, NPR not gov sponsored?
Given Sputnik's boosting of Trump, it's hard to tell if you think this is good or not. Perhaps get back to posting Hillary hatchet jobs.
So what do you think of Russia?  I saw a poll that over half of Republicans now think they are an ally. You agree?
I read an article in WaPo a few days ago in which a U.S. MOC said we share a lot of values with the Russians now that they're not communist
RUSSIAN BOT.
Well, if it walks, talks and smells like , the denying it press credentials was the right call.
Where will @realDonaldTrump get his talking points then? Maybe a scif inside the Russian embassy?  @sararesistencia @auntmeowmi
@JohnCornyn is on #TeamTreason.
Good.  Why do you care?
Is this how you want things to end up?  Training for the oligarchy? #kompromat #whatdotheyhaveonyou
Is treason still punishable by execution?  What would you select as your last meal?
Why do you love Russia & hate America?
They can also deny RT, that's state-sponsored media. How about 'political commentary' life Brightfart & Fox News?
Why don't Americans have the same health care as Congress? I'm your constituent, please explain why.
All y'all are Putin's dogs.
Good. Now stop favoring Fox propaganda News.
Pretty sure you're being facetious but Fox is not Gov or state  sponsored.
Nope. Just Murdoch and only promoting Trump approved news.
Elder Murdoch off 4 a while now, sons run it . And they're Libs. Most programs not pro-Trump.
get off the wrong side of history while you still can. Signed, a constituent.
You are an American disappointment.
Release trumps taxes 
Release the documents on Flynn
How about Alex Jones?  Seriously?
these tweets are not convincing us that you are a)alive, b) have a brain,c) have your constituents interests at heart ,d) doing your job
So, for all intents and purposes so is Fox, when will Fox credentials be canceled?
Seems unjust then for CNN, MSNBC, CBS or any MSM to then have press passes.
Fox News must have complained that it's already the official party organ.

And your point is...how is that #Trumprussia investigation going? How about doing your job? And when is your next public #townhall?
I need a decoder ring to figure out what your tweets mean. Who cares?  The issue is Russia propaganda in the US not press to Russia.
Fox "News" should be treated the same.
So when are y'all gonna block Fox?
So when does fox news get denied. WH should be consistent
But FOX state news is fine.
Using these standards no NYT,WaPo,AP,etc etc ALL Owned by Democrat !
That's OK, Russia already has better access to #POTUS than U.S. press/media
Can yo stop tweeting and get to work for Texas!
And Trump network,  I mean FAUX NEWS?
Weird.  Fox News still gets one.
Makes me question if Congress has the ability to investigate Trump's Russian ties when something as simple as this takes months to say no.
Say it with me now: the Examiner is an unreliable right wing conspiracy rag with a dangerous, virus-ridden website.
Why did it take so long? Should have been NO as soon as they asked. Sputnik & RT are well known sources of Russian state run propaganda.
Again. Stop using that despicable rag as a source. You're embarrassing yourself
5 minutes of research shows you who the Examiner is and why you shouldn't trust them. Cornyn is killing his own credibility daily.
Well that's good news.
Isn't Fox news state sponsored news of WH @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @IndivisibleTeam
I wonder how the SIC members will be viewed when everything come out not because of them, but in spite of them? It will be used 2020.
Starting to wonder if we should take away passes for some Republicans on Capitol Hill for the same reason!
Big deal. Russia gets newd directly from WH oval office. #specialprosecutor #IndependentInvestigation #treason #corruption
***news
