Intere
They blacked out golf scores and grandchildrens favorite Disney shows. These people behave exactly the way they know they are, untouchable!
 such LIERS part of the SHADOW GOVERNMENT 
Thank so much for putting your necks out there!
Weren't they ridiculously redacted?
Does this mean Lynch is not going to be Rev. Hillary's deacon?
Just stop it! Some 'Justice' Department. Make that shit public. we all no wtf went down anyway, the people that still support Dems  need clu
Thank you @TomFitton for fighting for America & calling out these Leftist #DeepState frauds! Justice will prevail!
#LiberalLies
Just because you lost, you where humiliated, you cried and carried on, is not punishment. That's an election.  Your actions convict you.

Now if we can get the talking pts unblackened or unredacted
How do we know they've got all? I can't help but believe state dept, Lynch, and Clinton got rid of anything incriminating.
Tarmac emails that we were told did not exist. 
Thank JW. Back in the day the press used to ferret out info like this. Now they are just too lazy.
lock her up
Proud of you great devotion to the principles of justice, fair & square ChicanForum slalutes your dedication.

Again Congratulations JW ... have no idea where we would be without your dedication to Our Constitution
FOIA the FBI as well. Hit up anyone who may have been directed to stick to those talking points. This doesn't make sense.
I hope you continue this search for trurh!  Good luck!

Those grandkids must have some unusual medical conditions that require much secrecy.
Lynch has done grave damage.  Must get truth along with many other dem. actors.
Now the work begins....again!
Hopefully it's not all redacted or erased
When you get time, will you tell us whether or not ya'll are going after the re-dacted parts of the Clinton-Lynch emails? Thank you.
I heard him say that they were.
Thanks for telling me. I really appreciate the info.
You're doing a great job however would love to see @judicialWatch make Trump release his taxes returns.
Good job Thanks so much!
She should be in an orange jumpsuit.
Amazing that talking abt golf & grandkids is a nat'l security issue & that you'd need FBI, media collusion & talking pts to cover it #DOJ
Just imagine if a Russian had been there! 
You mean that very partisan "non-partisan" propoganda organization?

Kudos..shine that light
So nice to be hopeful for a just America again! 
But they were heavily redacted. Thought they talked about grandkids and shit?? Why so much redaction? Smells fishy like bills cigars!!!
Thank you so much. I feel this should really be investigated seriously  and fairly.
Wonderful news, now go for broke with the information you have gathered. Beautiful job done.
about damn time Give me back my faith in the American system that the Dems have been abusing for yrs headed by Obummer and the clintons

Hope they didn't bleachbit
Squirrel!
Thank you for all you do!
Finally now the truth will be heard!
Time to focus on the 2  Obamas AG's. Both were dirty and must be held accountable. GODS SPEED Judicial Watch
Are they going to get the redacted parts?  Why is the DOJ refusing to comply, thought it was about grandkids and golf, not classified info
Thank you God Bless
JW the only nonpartisan group still fighting to get the truth out to the public
Yes, great job! Did we get the unredacted ones yet?
Thank you for the hard work to Make America Great Again.
you mean the ones Comey testified under oath did not exist?--and they're hunting Mantafort to get Trump?
Thank you!!! We appreciate your unrelenting effort to expose these criminals.
Now AG Sessions make them release redacted parts.
@KORANISBURNING @JudicialWatch Why can they keep getting away with this crap

Thank you so much for the work you do!!!
its about time others are held accountable
Dems have infected and corrupted the government.  Deep State needs to be wired brushed clean!
A remarkable organization
Why the redactions?
Yay
Good one! And she doesn't even have children!
Thank God for Judicial Watch
Lock her up
Old and tired even for someone who doesn't support her m
Judicial Watch is a terrorist organization, isn't it?
You folks are doing the FBI and Congress job.  Thanks
it took this organization to get this info while the FBI and DOJ sit on they ass, it time to restructure these agencies.
God bless all at Judicial Watch!
Sounds like collusion to me.
Thank you all.
this is big because comey said these docs not available hahahaaha
@TomFitton for Attorney General!
Than you
So now what?????????????????????????
Finally! But she's connected so of course they will find NOTHING incriminating
Donate money to this group. Great group.
Thank you for exposing these crimes but any charges ever going to brought against these people. Their crimes are obvious but no charges ever
Now let's get the un redacted version
Thank you!
When will the Special Prosecutor be appointed to look at all these people?
Why is @JudicialWatch having to do the job that the @FBI , @DOJgov , and #Congress should be doing. DO YOUR JOBS!!!!
Isn't our Justice Dept under new (Republican) leadership?
The big question remains, will anything be done about it???
You have been busy WINNING! Keep it up. It gives me some hope there may be justice.
Do you know what's going to happen with those emails? Nothing. Happy now?
It's time for law and order
But what will come if it? Nothing. We have two tiered system in the justice department. Criminals go free while innocents are investigated
Well done.  China Doll: "Great: Let's go kill ourselves a witch!"
Can the public see them?
How many more these non-existing documents exist? May be those 33000 emails sit in FBI too???
SUE over redaction .The U.S has Already been compromised by the obama admin The Only people in the dark about their antics are U.S citizens
@gcamp4 @JudicialWatch Tom U all have done the work TO get this criminality out in open.JUSTICE MUST BE SERVED OR NO RULE OF LAW
@gcamp4 @JudicialWatch @realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions @FBI GIVE JW WHAT THEY NEED. STOP SLOW Walking IT. COURT ORDERED!
Great Works. The redaction information or non-information blacked out has got to Stop. It can't be top secrete. The party blocking/jail.
How can we get access to the redacted parts of the emails? Who makes the final decision to redact? This is ridiculous
@JulianAssange would be nice if all these were leaked
Judicial Watch must explain to America WHY the DOJ not indicting Obama/Clinton/DWS on irrefutable evidence is not DERILICTION by USAG.
That is great NEWS ppl have been waiting along time For something to happen with those corrupt ppl
Is that #ElizabethCarlisle in the photo?
Outstanding!!
Trying to change subject from Paul Manafort won't work.
Judicial Watch doing great work & service to the USA-----an org. worthy of our support.
Excellent Tom,
Sometimes it's nice to pat yourself on the back Tom. Good work.
Trump will  order to print but he's kind of busy right now but we do need to get to the truth on those crooks
Lynch and Hillary should have an Ultimate MMA Cankle Match
Yes!
Thank you!
How are talking points blacked out.  How can conversation s about grandkids and golf be classified?  #Corruption #specialproscuter
Why on earth are docs related to a convo about gold and grandchildren redacted?

Should read like a Greeting Card
Big Big ✓
Question now is why are these emails mostly redacted??!
Maybe she IS under investigation so they HAD to redact the memo
Judge now enjoying a resort vacation  courtesy of Republican party and Koch Industries. Welcome aboard the JW sellout train! #GOPhypocrisy
Tom, when is the FBI going to do a predawn raid  on Clinton, lynch, rice, Obama, Schultz?
Despite the fact that your services are mandatory due to man's weakness, you folks are truly our guardian angels.  Thank you
Thank You. Please dont stop digging. @FBI will not incriminate theirselves. We all know this. The American people deserve the truth.
Tom are they going to do anything to Hillary and comey

Hopefully with whatever name she used on any given hour.
Wasn't it just a blacked out sheet of paper?
Wow!! 
Holder and Lynch, crooked is as crooked does
Yes. Thank you.
GOP continue being enamored with the past and don't lead because they have no policy - only resentment.
Slush fund, redacted email, treason Facebook video!!!
Yes, congrats and THANK YOU! #EqualJustice
Clinton-Lynch tarmac emails? WTF? Like they're standing on the tarmac sending email?
NOW IF ONLY JW CAN GET THE  UN REDACTED EMAILS FROM @DOJ @jeffsessions .  YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO BE HELPING @POTUS
How wonderful you all are at Judicial Watch to be so focused to show the American people truth.  Thank you for such dedication for MAGA
Praying Atty Gen Sessions will send it all to Judicial Watch
"Propaganda must facilitate the displacement of aggression by specifying the targets of hatred"-Joseph Goebbels
Thanks for all you do!
Luv u judicial watch. U r hero's. 
Please keep up the pressure.
@JudicialWatch Keep pushing for the unredacted copies! The American people, especially liberals, need to know what's in them!
is this ever going to end?
Keep up the great work. This redaction on the Clinton/Lynch tarmac is unacceptable. Plz unless Lynch lied under oath or to the public?
Thank you @JudicialWatch and @TomFitton  
But God forbid a Special Counsel actually is appointed to investigate convictable crimes.
Lock em up
Now they are going for the underacted copies as they are not classified.
Great job
How do they justify redacting what was claimed to be a personal conversation. The redacting itself seems to indicate there there.
How in the world do they get away with doing this?
Hope you get the redacted info!
The @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP you forgot us for 8 years while your pockets got deeper-- So thankful we have a @POTUS Trump
Yay
Thank you as we want to see this go to trial.
Thank you @JudicialWatch you are helping the forgotten when our own @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP won't--
We demand unredacted copy!
Lie, distract, lie some more
Just a question...you DO realize that Hillary lost the election, right? If not, go ask Trump. He'll show you the map.
We want to know all about golfing and those grandbabies!!!!
@AGJeff_Sessions @POTUS  Why is the Trump-Sessions DOJ protecting by redacting those e-mails?
Thank you judicial watch.
What about the purported idea of a transparent Trump admin?  This looks REALLY bad....  especially disappointing to his base.
Good job Judicial Watch.
Many thanks
@realDonaldTrump That's Sessions and Rosenstien. They could UN-redact the transcripts and release but won't. They're part of the swamp.
Put them bastards in jail.
 good job!!! No plea bargain for hillary! http://www.newsmax.com/Newsfront/ed-klein-hillary-plea-bargain/2017/08/08/id/806488/ … @JaySekulow @SebGorka @realSKBannon
No, no plea bargain for Hillay, Lynch, Rice and of course traitor Obama!
I will request a special day off from work w/ a Super Bowl style party to watch any of them being handcuffed and jailed @seanhannity
Same here, I will host a huge party with utensils from Trump store!! It will be the biggest holiday like celebration! #MAGA
Have you heard @TheJusticeDept is offering plea with a hand slap then dropping all investigations including Clinton Foundation
So wearing the suits from her mentor Mao did help leave an impression that she really is nuts=mentally insane
Doing the heavy lifting!  I, for one, am grateful.
I thank the judicial watch for the phenomenal work they're doing.
Let me know when there are any consequences to ANY lawbreaking a Democrat does. I'll wait.
Thank you!!! You are a treasure and So is @judicialwatch
Can you FOIA NSA's XKEYSCORE to obtain Lynch & Clinton emails?
Thanks to Tom Fitton & JW. Keep fighting for the truth!
If it was a chance meeting in the tarmac how were there talking points? 

Absolutely we congratulate you on all of your hard work
Ditto.
Thank you for fighting for JUSTICE for ALL!
Thank you for trying to keep honesty in our lives.
So what exactly did Clinton score that day on his round of golf?
Thank you, sad MSM used to be the watch dog
Any thing readable?
