Sir, your constituents expect nothing less of #SleazySchumer Also we expect you to be LEADING the cry to go nuclear
This is theft and this nominee doesn't deserve a vote.
. Sorry dear, not sorry, not your purview.
Hunh. I thought patriots were supposed to honor the constitution.
Not sure what "purview" has to do with it for either of us.
GOP cheated. DEMS shouldn't normalize that behavior.
AS THEY SHOULD
because unlike your unAmerican ass the Dems right now are actually fighting for ALL Americans and their rights.
GOOD! GoP don't deserve a scotus pick when their administration committed treason!
You and other republicans get your balls out of the democrats lock box and start acting like you house senate presidency.
democrats are wasting their time.
The president is under investigation by FBI; we know what @gop would do if sit was reversed. Put a pin in ur hypocrisy #dothejob
hypocrisy is dead. Remember McConnell saying 4 yrs  no justice approved if HRC elected?
As well they should
and they should
awful idea but can you answer my ? About why reconciliation must be used
No nominee should be confirmed until investigation proves Trump didn't collude with Russia to steal presidency.
.@JohnCornyn The man who nominated him is under FBI investigation. His campaign has been strongly tied to Russian collusion, which--
--constitutes treason for them, an act of war from the Russians. ALL activities should stop until this is settled.
No nominees. No hearings. No appointments. No EOs. NOTHING happens until this is settled.
NO PROOF on your witch hunt
You know, around the time ya'll were screaming that HRC should be disqualified for being under investigation.
There is proof she destroyed classified material. There is NO PROOF TRUMP HAS VIOLATED THE LAW. Good try though
Please feel free to provide evidence that's not from a site known to literally make stories up.
A potus under FBI investigation should not appoint a judge.
so?
Good. Then they should vote for Garland.
Join them! He's against assisted suicide, so there's no way he'll support #Trumpcare like you do. #SaveACA
for the last eight years almost  all Senate business required 60 votes. What is the big deal?
good to see one group putting the interest of the individual over corporations
Why rush it? Garland still isn't appointed.
what goes around comes around.
nuclear option
You didn't complain when Sen.McConnell refused to even hold hearings for Obama's Scotus nomination. Change of heart?
I thought no SCOTUS can be seated while @POTUS is campaigning; & he held a campaign rally LAST WEEK.
Nuke them!!
Timefor the the 60 vote cloture rule to die
what does that mean?  You plan to go Nuclear - right?  Dadnabbit, U have 2 go Nuclear.  Who has control? Wimps or Republicans?
We're still waiting for Garland.
they should!
Can you abstain to show that you don't support a president who seems treasonous?
Gorsuch nominated by pres who is on cusp of being charged as traitor then we're stuck w/Gorsuch for life. vote No.
It seems only reasonable, given that there's another nominee who needs to be voted on first.....
Stupid people usually do stupid shit!
Excellent!
your damn right
you damn right they should!!  He was appointed by a crook!! #openyoureyes
Should we confirm a Putin appointee?
I'm glad someone will represent us, since tx sens aren't
they should.  We should not be having this discussion while there is an open investigation
how about you hold a townhall and then you will see and hear what your constituents want?
HALLELUJAH! He cannot be named because it is an illegitimate prez who put forth his nomination! RussiaGate!!!
A judge has an 8-0 vote overturn a ruling prob doesn't belong.  His misogynistic treatment of a sitting Sen is FU
We should not confirm until independent investigation into #Trumprussia completed.
They will lose One Way or The Other!
I can't think of one reason why they shouldn't.  #Resist #TexasSenators #LastTerm
Just shows how Democrats are only interested in destroying Trump regardless of what it does to the nation.
AS THEY SHOULD.  YOU didn't don your job, on purpose for 10 months. How's it feel?
Block the Manchurian Justice.
Good!  Gorsuch shouldn't have been heard unless Garland had received a vote & Trump is cleared.  Illegitimate.
while I understand the desire, I don't think it's the right thing to do. That's what we get for Electing trump
You know that the Democrats will filibuster all Republican nominees except Garland. That is their goal. Go nuclear.
Dems should filibuster based upon Republican logic used against Garland. Consistency, Senator.
Why did you vote to give away private consumer data to telecomm companies? http://thehill.com/policy/technology/325410-senate-votes-to-block-internet-privacy-regulations …
AS THEY SHOULD. No more confirmations while potus is under investigation.
John, Merrick Garland is the person who should have that SCOTUS seat and you know it.  What yall did last year was WRONG!
since you continue to ignore TX children w/ disabilities, we are lucky that someone will stand up for us.
Sir this is simply payback KARMA 
If only the extremists of both parties could take their BS somewhere else

@GOP
The WH is imploding - you should focus your attention on Russian ties to WH. Then you can get back to politicking
@TheDemocrats as a democrat, I disagree here. Gorsuch is a good pick. Their next pick will be a nightmare.
Well at least they are participating. Unlike you and your peers who acted like 2 year olds regarding #Garland
@tedcruz I hope so. His candidacy is illegitimate - that seat should already have #MerrickGarland in it
Why is Cornyn a Traitor & Loyal to #TrumpRussia?
#WeThePeople Demand
Patriots Vote #NoGorsuch
As @POTUS Under FBI Investigation
All True Patriots Will Vote #NoGorsuch &
#PauseThisPresidency
As @POTUS Is Under FBI #TrumpRussia Investigation @dcexaminer
#WeThePeople Demand @SenateGOP True Patriots Vote #NoGorsuch
As @POTUS Is Under FBI #TrumpRussia Investigation @dcexaminer
No vote until #TrumpRussia resolved. If the President under FBI investigation, it's a "constitutional crisis" - remember?
You were expecting acquiescence to theft? #GarlandNotGorsuch
And GOP has and will filibuster something else again. They should fight it.
GOOD!
u should suspend Gorsuch vote until Trump allegiance to this country is decided. #PresidentTreason
Good
you're damned right.
a taste of your own medicene
New GOP rallying cry:  Doveryayte Respublikanskoy partii, my podderzhivayem Donal'da Trampa!
good.  They should. You should. #TrumpRussia first.
#MerrickGarland  didnt even get a vote. Last year in office but not under FBI investigation #RUSSIA #LIES
Welcome to the next 4 years.Congress needs to work together. Gorsuch is an excellent candidate. Thank you for being my Senator.
.@JohnCornyn .@dcexaminer IN EFFECT WHAT THE R'S DID TO MERRICK GARLAND
yes do the nuclear option. So that way when you all get voted out the Democrats will have full control #shortsighted
and quite rightly too! What is going on in American politics is a sham and embarrassment, and you and yours leading the insanity
paybacks are hell.
Happy that they will fight for their constituents,  unlike you.  
 #LastTermCornyn 
#YouWorkForUs
#SayNoToTrumpcare
PLEASE stand for what's right. FBI investigation needs to be completed first to ensure fair process. No #Trumprussia
take them at their word and use nuclear option! You're delusional if you think they wouldn't. Dems set precedence
@All100Senators @dcexaminer Like @GOP did all last year??! #MerrickGarland
@TexasGOP @dcexaminer so disheartening
GOOD! No life time appointments until Trump's ties w/ Russia are investigated. You will be held accountable! #shame
Supreme Court nomination, Trump/Russia investigation, Taxes, climate change, immigration. Work for America
Americans are tired of this party line crap. It has gotten old. Reach across the isle and work together on Healthcar
There will be no isle crossing. This is a political civil war. Only power in numbers will prevail.
at least Gorsuch got a hearing. @GOP would not give Garland the courtesy. You guys need to start working together
An obstructionist practice which you finely honed over the last 8 years
There shouldn't even be a vote.  A President under FBI investigation shouldn't be able to nominate.
- You can't grant Trump a lifetime appointment when he potentially colluded with Russia! Gorsuch can wait.
@TexasGOP @dcexaminer Let's go nuclear.
- good - you should have held hearings on Garland - that was sheer dereliction of duty!
right out your (republican) playbook.
after Garland, why should this surprise you?
Good. Gives y'all time to focus on all this alarming Russia stuff.
why won't trump release his taxes?  Is it because it proves the Trump Putin connection?
good.
Oh please go nuclear and get rid of the filibuster already.
considering the refusal of the GOP to meet with Judge Garland, should you be surprised?
if they do then Harry Reid's nuclear option should be deployed as it should for new Scotus openings.
@susancrabtree Garland. Go Dems!
great news!!
thank goodness! McConnels stonewall was an affront to Americans. Garland should've had a hearing!
Well, it's not like you weren't warned. You guys left Garland out to dry.
as well they should. The tactic used last year to ignore a duly nominated SP pick was irresponsible and wrong.
Merrick Garland is the lawful nominee. Republicans are the party of lawlessness. #2020
If this was a democratic app @JohnCornyn & GOP would be screaming bloody murder. O, wait. NO #Gorsuch #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Yesssss! Cause it should have been #Garland #NoGorsuch #thanksFSM #resist
He deserves the same respect given to Garland.  After all I truly believe this is Trumps final year in office...
lets hope so. Maybe you should do the right thing and follow the Dems. Your current leader colluded with Russia.
Nuclear option.  #ThanksHarryReid
Why does @POTUS under investigation get to choose a LIFETIME #SCOTUSnominee at all, @JohnCornyn? Dems shldnt HAVE to filibuster
How nice that were still talking about @POTUS44. Like him. Smart man

AS THEY SHOULD. If Trump is under FBI invest. &/or illegally POTUS, then his nominations are invalid. Clear him 1st.
Stop whining. U held up a judge nom for oh how long? Til the next election.
Remember Garland.....
As they should. No nominations until we get to the bottom of Trump/Russia
That will never happen without Russia admitting they were involved. And that also will never happen.
Clearly you don't know how intelligence collection/counterintelligence works. Russia doesn't need to admit
But there will always be a doubt because interpretations of events are open to partisan influence.
So I guess you agree with the need for an independent commission.
There is no such thing. Everyone has their biases. Haven't seen an exception. Will just prolong.
Good. But really, if Gorsuch is a true patriot, he should pause things until the Trump/Russia investigation is over.
Go get your shinebox.
it it's OK when the GOP does it.... hypocrites!
They can't do it for 10 months. So you guys win. Good job. Merrick Garland deserved a better fate, decency.
good.
Well, I guess he is making it very easy to decide to nuke the filibuster.  

Thanks, Sen. Schumer.
just what the GOP did to Merrick...
