Well, yeah, but for reals, though. What does Putin say?
Oh, good. He'll feel right at home, then.
Your record will forever be tainted with a scarlet ’T’ if you don’t begin to take the Russia situation more seriously.
.@JohnCornyn What's going on with those Awan Brothers who hacked congress? https://youtu.be/IaDVoA-INIw  .@politico
@SenateMajLdr UR unwillingness to work w Ds 4 last 8 yrs and now to let America be systematically dismantled is on Rs
your administration is under investigation for treason. You need to clean house first.
Sounds like you want to push it through before special elections. Scared much?
Unless you are all in jail for covering for the WH and our illegitimate president.
I hope  so
release trumps taxes to an independent investigation of Russia's influence on this administration
@SenateMajLdr Sen Cornyn, I am a constituent and voted for u but not again. u are not working for me.
Mr. Cornyn get out of your feelings Mr. Gorsuch should not be confirmed at all.
You would go nuclear after blocking Garland? Find a consensus appointee. Don't go this route.
He can't guarantee shit ! U all guaranteed the new ACA would pass and it didn't !
No.
doesn't it tell you something that it appears going nuclear might be required to make this happen?
Two words for you and your smarmy cohorts that are selling out USA piece by piece for your profit:

Merrick Garland!
No reason to elect a judge when BO was lame duck! Enough liberal judges on there already!We aren't the Stepford Wives
Speak for yourself, I'm pretty damn Stepford'y'.
Democrats are like robots, say same thing over and over like a broken record. Obama had his pics, now we get ours!
Wow, so all Dems say they're Stepford'y' ?? Dammit!  I thought I made that one up! Hate not being original.
No Supreme Court Appointee during Trump's last year in office !
@SenateMajLdr Gorsuch should be appointed by 60 votes not nuclear option. If so be prepared for consequences.
McConnell is a traitor to our country
there is a better choice, change the person not the rules
Your voters don't want that.
then next scotus maga 
Please go nuclear so that when @realDonaldTrump loses to a paper bag in 2020, Dems can use the same rules.
there is no guarantee. Your president is under investigation for treason.
oh a troll who just had to say something.
how could he guarantee it, unless it's rigged? Are the Russians helping him on that, too?!?!??
@SenateMajLdr #votethemout20182020. We see you and will not forget. Stand up for our country not just R party
and what is your stance?  Are you going to change the rules so he gets confirmation?  Go against the 60 rule vote?
That woukd be as disastrous for people as Citizens United con.
Which is Corporations united. GOP good at doubletalk
Shame on you all. #MerrickGarland
go ahead and confirm--as long as you don't use the nuclear option-- make it a real vote and not forced, false vote.
republicans are in control !! Make this happen !
house of cards.  Stop supporting a traitor (#45)
Great!
@twright55 @politico Gorsuch will b confirmed McConnell only if you use the nuclear option. He is too extreme 4 mainstream Amer.
Merrick Garland
I again reiterate, as a constituent of yours, that you vote NO on Gorsuch
You'll get your confirmation, but we will never forget your obstruction. Y'all are destroying our country.
Yeah... He also said his "top priority" was making @BarackObama a one term President... How'd that work out?
WTH is Devin Nunes doing?  Why is he trying to silence Sally Yates?
Did u c the NBC report on Manafort's money laundering? Why was Jared meeting w/head of a Russian bank under sanctions?
no vote until #russiagate is resolved. For once in your career put country before party!
Mitch McConnell has desecrated the Constitution. I urge you to vote against this nominee.
@tedcruz HA!  Have you learned nothing old dog @SenateMajLdr. Promise away. We will #resist #trumprussia #trumpleaks
I wouldn't count on it, he has a habit of lying. Talk, talk, talk.
how long until you are under investigation? How much has Russia paid you? Confirm Merrick. Return the seat you stole.
you can't be proud of yourself or your party. Do what's right. Confirm Merrick, return the seat you stole.
what happened to your morals? Party over country... We were never going to agree, but I expected you to do your job.
how can a person under investigation be president? Explain that to me. Because it was your rallying cry before.
confirm Merrick or resign. Your party stole the seat you are trying to fill with Gorsich.
We hope not.
- Garland deserved a hearing
that would be a great tragedy.
Only way a outcome is guaranteed is if the voting is rigged. We're watching & we vote.
Trump&his whole cabinet is going down! And take Pence with him, he isn't innocent. He's involved up to his neck!
Time to send all of u packing #2018!
Funny. Never any tweets about Russia. Silence is consent to treason and we expect better from our elected TX senators.
GOP is a treasonous party , can't wait to see Trumps GOP sent to prison
that is a disgrace.
Sitting President... FBI investigation... oh yea, almost forgot, Anderson Cooper wants his profile picture back

I will contest every day.  NO to Gorsuch.  No to anything Trump until investigation (independent) is complete.
deal with a Trump collision first
yada yada I don't trust anything you are McConnell say. Tired of all hat and no cattle out of Republican leadership
should be Merrick Garland
with 60 votes???
2018.
but has no guts to repeal ACA. Tell him to lead or get out of the way.
@SalenaZito @politico Can't Trust McConnel-DJT signs his wife's paycheck!  How opposing can he really B to WH? Another Trumpett?
We will remember Merrick Garland. We will remember what you and your party did to steal his seat in 2018 and in 2020.
Because I'm legitimately out of words for you arseholes.
I hate  every last one of them.  Esp today after they sold our private browsing info down the river.
GARLAND! GOP took hostage the Constitution by refusing to have a hearing for GARLAND! We will NEVER forget. #2020

like obama picked less liberal justices than robo vote progressives kagen and sotomayor @SenSchumer ?
confirm not matter what @SenateMajLdr but still suggest if filibuster this guy @potus go pryor
McConnell can't guarantee that any more than Ryan could guarantee repeal & replace.
#TrumpRussia first my furry friend
Does your handler know?
Do you even know who your represent? #learn #doyourjob #resist #Trumprussia
finally  ALL judges should be non political
No matter what happens to Gorsuch, it's guaranteed that you're in your final term. Massage your aura, you'll need it.
how have those Republican guarantees working out for y'all lately?
So tired of all the winning!
Merrick Garland much?
y'all also guaranteed TrumpCare would pass....not a lot of credibility these days!
I cant believe this idiot is still majority leader.
@POTUS Why wait? We have the House, Senate & WH, get on with governing & making America great again!
.@JohnCornyn.@politico #PatriotsNeeded #ignoreTheSmokescreens #WhatAreYouWaitingFor #IndependentCommission #SpecialProsecutor #taxReturns
Nope.
still waiting for an answer on ur Townhall, chicken!! @GOP suicide. Tick-tock. 2018 back to Dems!!
You better finished fleecing all you need. You ain't gettin' back in office after this fiasco you hitched our star to.
There be books written about you and your cronies, "How to Ruin Your Legacy in Two Quick Months."
@SenateDems should not say no. They should middle finger salute a loud, "HELL NO!"
he also said y'all would fix healthcare
corrupt GOP...Gorsuch is inhuman and not good enough for the supreme count
Go nuclear and change the system forever.  Always party before country with the GOP.
isnt mitch the guy who was going to make Obama a one term president-i think it is.
vote Nay until Merrick Garland is confirmed. He will be a thorn in the side of the SCOTUS as long as he lives
not if the people protest till the cows come home and the manure leaves the barn !!!!!
Kill the filibuster.  From your new lobbying job in DC after 2020, you can watch new Pres nominate strong liberals.
No lobbying for him until 2025 (5 years) thanks to 45!  
What if 30 Replutocrats get food poisoning tonight and are hospitalized all next week? No guarantees, Johnny Boy.
The nuclear option will be very helpful to the Dems after the midterm elections.
you respect nothing. Painful to watch y'all destroy every decent thing about our country.
If not use Nuclear option!! Thank u Harry Reid!! Do it
Some spine at last.
WRONG 60 vote should stand no reverting to Nuclear Bill should be allowed
