My fellow Texans, are YOU racists and Nazis? Do you support racists and Nazis? Will you support politicians who do? Speak out!
...And gas now become the Führer.
Damn autocorrect
Soooo.... do you think the GOP base voter is going to be happy that YOU are now quoting LIBERAL intellectuals?
Is this the problem?
Inconsistent with your tweet" principal duties of citizenship is to cooperate",which is it? Probably depends, you have flexible viewpoints
As the GOP continues to fail in every facet of governance, you will be seeing a lot of revolt and dissent at ballot boxes coast to coast.
And I will be first in line. Plus, I will bring alot of friends with me.
Experimentation nice to know what you call the terriristic free labour of slavery.
Bigot
Amen!
The time has passed for Republicans to condemn the unforgivable. They own the racists in their party. Trump created the furore...
So was Texas and we won't forget your betrayal
"Every effort to confine Americanism to a single pattern, to constrain it to a single formula, is disloyalty to all that is Americanism."
Was today's debacle in Charlottsvile "experimentation?"
#scaredofmyconstituents
But you can't hold a town hall?  So dissent is good as long as it's not directed at you because you can't handle it?
What if you and R's experiment on healthcare? Promise you a R that revolts against party healthcare platform will flourish in long run
And is slowly dying due to special interest $ and greedy politicians.
#canCornyn2020
Let's experiment with single payer
Quit supporting trump. He refuses advice that could save lives.
Clear sign that old man Cornyn has lost it. #worstsenatorinusa
Respectfully disagree: @tedcruz is the #worstsenatorinusa by a long shot.  @JimInhofe is second, & @JohnCornyn distant third.
Texas is doubly blessed....
"a gross perversion not only of the concept of loyalty but of the concept of Americanism to identify it with a particular economic system."
Same author as your quote. Freedom, Loyalty, Dissent (1954)
I love that book
#Resist #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendment
Yes.   And that is why we #Resist!  First time I have ever agreed with you.
Another experiment what happens if the U.S. just declared themselves to be self insured/paid ins co to administer their universal plans?
Being a patsy to Russia isn't "experimentation" http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_598cc320e4b090964295d76c/amp?utm_medium=twitter&utm_source=dlvr.it …
I would love to discuss this with you and other topics. When is your townhall?  #TownHall
John will be sucking on the donor tit away from D.C.  He might have to get involved in Russia or DPRK or something unpleasant.

#resist
so why is it that the GOP refuses to engage dissent? imperialists, maybe?
Native Americans may have a different perspective. There's a place in hell for folk who sugar coat America's murderous history.
Time for a revolt.
He was a well known liberal, BTW
When r u repubs going to get to work for the American people and stop being so selfish
Could U gert this through that thick head of Trump ?
Can we experiment with something other than healthcare?
Translation: "born of revolt'"= genocide "flourished on dissent" = #TownHall? #Nope "great through experimentation." = White Supremacy
So how much money did you and Mitch raise campaigning on those "excessive expectations" of Repeal and Replace Obamacare?
John y not introduce infrastructure bill. What's wrong with making our roads Bridges and mass transit system s better. Ynot
I would really like to see repeal of crap care. Like you promised. I will be voting differently if it is not repealed first timesince Reagan
Sounds like repubes want to experiment with not following the constitution. Esp your president.
Right now you need to revolt and flourish and #ImpeachTrumpNow
Says .@JohnCornyn a racist who wants AG to subpoena the media for sources, & give misogynist job back at google. #WhiteLies = your memoir
Please step down from leadership. You failed.
You are revolting that's for sure
Interesting statement, so when will you have a "town hall" to pursue further discussion.
Yeah now it's your job to fix #ACA
Let's debate that at a town hall - if we,re not at war and not having radiation treatment from nukes whilst uninsured
It would be great to discuss this tweet and more about your rubber-stamping 45's agenda at a town hall.  When will you be holding one?
I agree that dissent is patriotic. But when is your next town hall? #AbsenteeOfficial #TownHall
What r u doing to stop Trump from starting a nuclear war? Americans r terrified. Time for GOP to step up.

Get back to work. You left unfinished business : Health Ins., tax reform, balanced budget, wall, infrastructure... remember?!
You are revolting.
Putin won the cold war on your watch senator. While you are busy trying to do as much harm to Americans as you can, Putin stole your country
You sir, are a traitor to this nation. Your silence condones the destruction that is currently enveloping our democracy.
you tryna stay outta the cross hairs?
John fellow Texan says, get back to work!! Oust leadership or get ousted!! Remember who you work for!!!
Hope you can have some influence on Obamacare repeal/replacement.   You and Sen. Cruz looked out for our interest but need all Rep. Senators
All of which is being caused today by republican selfishness and greed.
I understand all old men in Senate are to deploy to Korea 2 lead charge on NKPD.  Great - no need then 2 vote 4 your opponent.
"John Cornyn couldn't whip his way out of a wet paper bag." -- Me.
Then obstructions/nihilists unable or unwilling to govern or hold townhall meetings screwed the entire experiment. Country b4 party.
As a former Republican, I can say that John has lost his love for America and democracy. He was, past tense, a man of honor. He lost path.
We're working on the flourishing through dissent.
The American people are a voice against the madness that has tried to take over our gov't. We are at a crossroad. Which way will you go?

Actually, America was born by stealing the land from native Americans and classifying them as savages.
A guy like you with no balls quoting about revolt.  Laughable.
Is .@JohnCornyn suggesting that if you are not happy with the current government you should start a revolution? One war monger is enough!
Are you suggesting @realDonaldTrump is an experiment? Or are you hinting at some sort of Tuckman like cycle?
Did you know Commager was a Regan critic? He'd be a critic of you and @gop too. You might want to research more..

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_Steele_Commager …
The revolt due to gerrymandering? Yes, let's discuss this. Townhall?
We can agree on that Senator.
No he is revolting the way our constitution works. His idea of revolt is to revolt for capitalism.  Two classes.. Rich and poor.
When r u and the rest of your cronies going to do the work we sent u to washington to do
2/2 restrooms of their choice since the 50's. Now it's an issue?Possibly a donor paid you off?Clue us in!
So let's experiment w/neutral gender restrooms.Oh,how about a frontal lobotomy for you.BTW,until it became an issue Trans people used 1/2
As two-faced and hypocritical as ever, I see
Very true. And that's a nice fancy white wig you've got on sir..
Fake news, oh wait its true. Blindly following characters like Trump leads to ruin, try country over party!
Is this what you support?! Wake up, senator. This is not a game.
Let's experiment on universal healthcare then
Sounds great!!  On another note, should Mueller be investigating you too?
Remember that when people are in the streets revolting and dissenting N you want to throw them in jail! You might be on wrong side history!
@realDonaldTrump is one experience I wld rather not suffer through. Texans have already had to tolerate a senator with no  #TownHall
Comments for your Texas constituents on FBI home raids of former Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort to "seize documents?"
When your constituents are worried abt nukes in the hands of not 1, but 2 giant toddlers, this is not how you assure them of their safety.
Even threats of war aren't enough for you to humble yourself. Thanks for showing exactly how devoid you are of humanity.
"We grew through adversity" is not the same as "Chaos should be our goal." There's nothing admirable in #45's disastrous ineptitude.
and on the idea of a representative government...why do you and @tedcruz ignore the majority of your constituents? Hold a town hall, senator
He is afraid
But the experimentation was of better quality than what is in the WH right now. BTW: Town Hall?
Sounds like you really ARE supporting the Koch boys new constitution that will eliminate the middle class. Shame on you.
And no where in that quote does it say to rip healthcare from millions or give tax breaks only to wealthy.
Republican in Congress have become complicit & traitors of America.
How about u show the Same Spirit! Stand Up 4 UR Pres.  & the People that support Him! Voted 4 u 4 yrs! Not Hapoy w ur Rino Stance!Stand Up
You will feel the dissent in 2020.
So, when are you going to do something? You have been there a long time. You talk a great game yet our border is not secure, for example
So are you saying you are part of the resistance now?  
Do you agree with McConnell that Trump and the American people have expectations that are unreasonable?
STOP failing your Constituency-
REPEAL OBAMA Health Chaos.
Bot
& politicians have become a den of thieves, in God's & our eyes. It would behoove y'all to end the War on God & American Citizens, Policies!
So why are we calling people names, trying to divide....
Why don't you actually read Henry Commager's works instead of picking random quotes?  He defended our Constitution as you have not.
You quote a scholar who wrote  "Issues can be explored, explained and debated, and the people...armed w/knowledge will make right decisions"
Read @JohnCornyn 2005 FOIA legislation Open Government, having the "consent of the governed", quite opposite than JC behavior & actions

The current Congressional and Presidential experiment has failed.
Everything the GOP suppresses
Senator, what exactly are you implying?
One thing we can all agree on:  our Congress is breeding dissent.

We DON'T WANT to go BACK in time!!!
yeah but you see how he left out maniacal lunacy? #trumprussia
So you're joining the #Resistance? You can start by not building a wall, and impeaching that dangerous creep in the White House. #resist
What are you saying?  When is your townhall so we can discuss?  Whatcha doing abt dangerous talk fm WH?  Patriot or enabler?
So what happened to US?  Attacks on the first amendment, attacks on renewable energy, attacks on immigrants, attacks on minorities
WHAT? I really don't understand how you can support fire and furry trump.
if we the people revolt it will be because of valueless politicians like you, who promise everything and go on vacation!
Indeed. Which is why your constituents must challenge you when we feel you are not representing our interests with your political games
Dissent, as they say, is patriotic.
And yet 45 and Rs wish to take away the right to dissent & protest and present grievances to the government. UR confusing.
I didn't get this till I read 50% of Rs support trump suspending elections in 2020.  trump worship by many Rs is getting dangerous for US
Tyranny in the WH and Congress #NOTNORMAL #NotOkay
Which is why we are resisting this dangerous, inept president. Senate & house are foolish for behaving as though this is normal.
#NOTNORMAL #NotOkay
Becuz LDRS (U, Ryan McConll) fubar'd legislation we have masive disent, on verge of revolt & R not great. U SIR R sending USA down shithole
And is crumbling under the political class of the Swamp.  #DrainTheSwamp
Yeah thanks for the destruction
Are you tired of this President yet? Playing with Fire we all get burned ...growing more disappointed with you everyday!
Why didnt Republican leadership inform  about  as our IC communities confidence grew? #TrumpRussia
NEVER FORGET that in September, McConnell reportedly rejected calls for a unified front against Russia & cast doubt on the intelligence. 5/ 
Way to clearly & concisely communicate with your constituents John. Let's have a town hall and maybe you can elaborate further.
Yeah but with men who had greater minds and purer hearts than you
Excellent analogy! Too bad you don't really believe it! Remember when you dumped Sharyland on rural Tx and left us to suffer? We do!

Trump hasn't bothered nominating an Asst Sec. for E. Asian Affairs or Amb. to S. Korea but he has appointed a hotelier as Amb to the Bahamas
You left out the genocide and slavery part. It wasn't just white folks creating America out of thin air.
"Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone." -Redd Foxx

Like your quote it has nothing to do with what you are elected to do
Not all experiments should go on when they're doing observable harm (e.g.,   neoconservativism, the GOP, generally, and Trump, generally).
And strongly opposed federalism. Ur baseless attack and coercing of Texas mayors is un-American. #voteoutcornyn
So is this how you defend Trump's behavior? It's just "experimentation"?


That's part of why I #resist.
Whatever may be it's theory, must be, in practice, a bad government." Alexander Hamilton, Federalist 70, 1788
A feeble execution is but another phrase for a bad execution, and a government ill executed
Leave it to this rogue @GOP party to ruin it. You all are becoming unbearable. Not wise.
"A feeble executive implies a feeble execution of the government.
He isn't going to answer you. He's a coward.
Everyday that you are our senator, we are all worse off.
"flourished on dissent".  Hhmmm, isnt that what the D's are doing now that you and other Trump lovers have criticized for months?
You noticed this administration's McCarthy-esque xenophobia too, eh
There you go again, quoting things with no context and trying to sound profound.
And died from apathy.
It's really confusing when you tweet things that are the exact opposite of what you've been preaching this whole time.
and having the ignorant hateful misogynist criminal trump as president will cause revolt and dissent to flourish.  enjoy your last term
Experimentation with nuclear war is a bad move.Stand up to this president that doesn't understand or respect our system.
Ur huddled masses, yrning 2 breathe , Th wrtchd refuse of ur teeming , Send thse, th less, tempst lost 2 me, I my bside th golden .
Delusional. America was founded on 150 years' experience of English institutions.
Quote from 1954. What dissent was happening & building then? Cold War, Vietnam, Civil Rights Movement. Is that the MAGA you're looking for?
hmm country revolting against WH, we're on our way Trump experiment has failed @MSNBC @PoliticalDiscor @indivisibletxjc
look at the map of usa, except for a few blue conclaves, ITS RED!
THKS for your comment 
Well your current experimentation is going terribly wrong.
He would have been disgusted by Trump and #TrumpRussia
Exactly.  Not Russian dollars.
Are you on drugs?

Whistleblower TarrefSimon is bring attention tothe contaminatedwater @ the VA.#Justice4Vets
http://setexasrecord.com/stories/511049238-former-worker-accuses-veteran-s-administration-medical-center-of-dirty-water-conditions … 
