Nope. That's what Austerity looks like. There's a BIG difference.
As someone who has had good, bad, and no insurance in the USA, I'll take the NHS any day.
Fine I'll pay your way you Europe if you leave me and my insurance alone
Ah. I get it. More examples of only being able to see things from a selfish point of view. I'm good thanks. I'm thinking about other people.
Its easy to be liberal c when it's not Your money..
Except it is my money. I pay into healthcare here in UK and happily pay US taxes (that I don't benefit from). Try again.
What you pay for in the US is a fraction of what is used for non-payors under ACA. If you live UK, then you know Thatcher was correct
Actually, most people here have learned that Thatcher was wrong. And do tell me of your sources. Where do your "numbers" from?
And because the Tories think that a chronically underfunded health service is better than corporations paying their taxes.
Depends on if you think healthcare should be publicly funded. If not then of course you’d see a problem.
If you've read anything I've written about this on Twitter, you'd see that just raising taxes is not my solution. Besides, the private system in the US is one of the most expensive as compared with countries that have nationalised healthcare.
When you look at all the research on health outcomes, it's on par or slightly worse, not better. Yet still more expensive and less people have access to it. That's what happens when profit is the motivator.
That headline is a result of Tory underfunding and outsourcing to private companies of the GP services.
Brit system still better, get hit by car today...NOT charged for ambulance,scans,drips and bed.
The fact others pay for your health care doesn't mean "NOT charged for..." It's enslaving your fellow citizens & conceding your health 2 gov
Ah but we all get equal access, rich or poor we all get treatment in times of need. We all pay too, flat rate for prescription.
Not sure who the "WE" R but in America not every1 pays. Many poor don't pay (gov subsidies), access not equal (lack of Drs, facilities, etc)
The UK
In UK not everyone pays, many poor don't pay. Many procedures have waiting lists = treatment delayed/denied, some die while on list.
Treatment is denied in the US too.. my friend was refused toe surgery unless she found $1000s more... insured yet not sufficient for a small procedure that may take longer here (admittedly )but WOULD be dealt with without down Payment!
The story says the British system is at the "breaking point with patients increasingly giving up their search for help..."
One point of view. NHS has been amazing. Same day 99% of the time no copay and great after hours service.
I'm in the US and patients fly down from Canada due to 1-1 1/2 yr wait times for tests and procedures in Canada.
Same experience.
My in-laws have Canadian friends and family who come down EVERY year. They often stay 1-2 months to recover from life saving procedures.
This number would be far higher if more Canadians could afford to go to US and pay for the procedures themselves.
Our right wing government are desperately starving the NHS of money in order to privatise it but you can call in the morning to see a GP.
That's not what it's like here in Canada.
Why am I even arguing this? You know this is a PR push for breaking up a beloved and efficient institution.
And in the use 20 million have NO CARE.  and @GOP want to raise it back to @48 million.  What are you saying?
Of those 20 million, 10 million pay the "I don't want it" tax to IRS.
@GOP do you see this?
Sheep follow Sanders and Warren and Jerry Brown here in CA as they lead their naive flocks to the folly of single-payer.
so lets have the American system and triple the number DUH
You should maybe read the article though, cites underfunding, among other policy issues.
Much like how Medicaid is "failing" because red States refuse to fund it.
Love the idea of single payer, and in a perfect world it works - especially as a T1 diabetic. Unfortunately, the human element sabotages it.
It would be nice if Reps would stop trying to destroy it. Good faith policy making would be the solution to this "issue".
It needs to be either government all in or all out, this middle ground stuff isn't working. Problem remains in sustainable funding though.
Finding isn't unsustainable, it just needs to exist instead of being gutted so reps can say "see it doesn't work"
And we see this in socialized countries already, like in the article. That was my point, more wondering if this is even possible at scale.
@DonaldJTrumpJr
Well...under a conservative government.

Hey, weren't you Bush's Press Secretary?
You’re a sad ignorant man. The UK has nationalized health care. It is not single-payer. And no matter what the system is, if you cut enough money it goes to pot - which is what the Conservative party did a few years ago.
FISA secret court needs serious scrutiny!
But but but that won't happen here!! We  are different
Government health care never has enough money, therefore must limit services, medications & care.
No, but you must be 2 think "we have INFINITE money for military". How good would be gov sponsored health care, without a country?
You're struggling with basic arithmetic, which would be funny if it wasn't so sad

How exactly do you think taxes work
Your equating higher taxes than the currently abysmal rates with going "without a country" is the definition of fucking retarded
Nothing does the British people more discredit than their pitiful adoration for the National Health Service.
Of course. It's so stupid of us to adore a system that means I won't have to pay a single penny if I break an arm or leg.
Free medicine! What's not to like?
It isn't free. It is paid for through general taxation and if you're in employment then you pay a small amount for medicine, not thousands.
Also: The NHS was launched in the immediate aftermath of WW2 when funds were extremely limited, but we also knew the value of community help
Their population is a fraction of ours. Single payer isn't working so well here with veterans at the VA, as an example.
Population should bring savings of scale
It's almost as if the party in charge decided that they didn't like the system so they'd sabotage it and then claim it doesn't work.  Hmmm
Geez
I'm sure it has nothing to do with the Tories' years of cuts to NHS....

And I'm sure it compares terribly to the status quo in the US....
I can see a Dr in less than 12 hours anytime, and at a walk in in an HOUR. And I live in rural Maine.
That's not what this article is talking about.
Being able to walk in and be seen by a doctor is different from ready access to one's particular GP.
This isn't true. We were fine until the Tories started making all the cuts and privatisation to the NHS.
I would never have been able to afford the over £22,000 operation I needed without the NHS. Let alone the countless other procedures.2
Bcoz I can't work I would not hav been able to pay. Wud u hav me taken out and shot? Wat other options wud there b?
Ari, this isn't playing out too well for you.

A screenshot of a cropped piece from the Telegraph, July 6, 2017 is hardly apocryphal.
Why did you bother to cut this article out of the Telegraph? 
What were you trying to conceal?
Yeah...thank you, ari...been aware of this since the late 80's.      SOCIALISM...IN ANY OF ITS FORMS...DOES NOT WORK
Never has worked in any country.
Bollocks. Yrs, an actual British person who would a thousand times rather have the NHS than your immoral health 'care' project.
I live in Wisconsin. Last wk I needed to see my doc about swollen tonsils making it difficult to breathe. Had to wait 8 days before appt.
So I mean...maybe it has nothing to do with what you say it does? Food for thought.
Sounds like you got bitten by Obamacare!
Nope. Before Obamacare, I couldn't be seen by a doctor at all for many issues, due to my preexisting condition.
Like most people who bitch about this you probably only attempted to contact one physician in your area and based all of your current thoughts on the result.  I live in NM and i have never had a problem getting an appointment this is an strawman argument
My insurance company was through my work, and the only one offered unless I wanted to pay extreme prices to find my own. I didn't exactly have a choice in who I could see bc they only worked with a certain physicians group. This was all before the ACA was passed.
That's all your own choice I have $120 a month insurance through my job and I picked a mid tier deductible with prescription coverage and several guaranteed checkups through PCP of my choice. Become an adult and stop whining, you might find out this isn't that difficult.
It was not my choice in 2008 for my employer-selected insurance company to say, "No, we won't pay to remove any more tumors from your body, Chris."
Sounds like Canada, with procedure waite times are in the YEARS! My doctor and family (4 adult taxpayers)left because politicians wanted it to be free so it would help them get re elected! Abuses by citizens is bankrupting it, they come in for anything and everything.
Daily Telegraph, it's good for wrapping up fish and chips and covering the carpet when you are painting, but I wouldn't get my news from it.
2/2 I lived in London 8yrs best healthcare exp of my life. No system perfect there will always issues but @NHSEngland is great and beats USA healthcare.
That's because the conservative assholes in UK cut the healthcare funding, you will see them lose in the next elections.
And on any given week Hhow many millions of of Americans can't afford to see a GP?
If you pay cash, a doctor visit is less than $100. Are there millions out there that don't have $100? Who's fault is that?
what planet does this "less than $100" dr practice?
Look around, you live on it! I pay $65/month and can see the doctor any time...
Where?!
Direct Primary Care... look it up, no govt/insurance co involvement.
you left this out
Ok. And?
Ari, come on.  How about 25 million patients who can't ever see a GP?
I respect you deeply @matthewjdowd , but that is simply not true. I am a practicing MD.More people have access to primary care with cash 1/2
Many doctors I know don't take Medicaid. Many just do the work pro bono. Matt likes to make fact free Tweets.
Just how many doctors do you know?
Over 200. They are clients and friends.
And hey represent what percentage of all doctors?
He is right. Hard for community doctors to take Mcaid. They pay 70% of Mcare. hard to keep the lights on Academic medical cntrs don't either
I was on the board of a catholic charity hospital.  And my sister and brother our both docs.  Docs can make a good living serving Medicare.
Fake news. When I moved to London in 2001, Eve Standard screaming headline “London Gun Crime Soars”. Truth - it was tracking an increase from 20 for year to 30 for the year: +30% sounds scary but again 30 total for year Not mentioned in Telegraph how Torries defund & cripple NHS
Nice. On another topic. Citizens of a democracy don’t need a military parade.
Very much appreciate your loyalty to the office of the POTUS..Thank you for being fair and supporting POTUS Trump when  he is unfairly denigrated.
How many here face the same thing after Trump
This is what bank fraud bernie and his theiving wife had in store for us. FU Sanders
He had in store going from 25 million currently who can't see a doctor to one million? Pretty good.
So you want to get rid of medicare?
Right so let's get rid of Medicaid, Medicare, VA. Knucklehead Fleischer...NOBODY in the world would trade their health system for ours
No it’s not. Ever lived in England?  Didn’t think so. You are such a phony
Same in the US.  Long string of "primary care" with no appts and direct "Go to urgent care".

And how many millions of Americans can't afford to see a doctor because they have no insurance.
The Liberals are blaming it on the Tories, naturally.
The British government skimped on their system and on supporting development of medical professionals.

The US insurance industry prioritizes itself, doing anything to bilk customers, creating the same effect, people without access to medical care, only more of them.
Do you also read National Enquirer?

I hear they have news of a Martian invasion.
There is some truth in there somewhere
The rest of the world has medicine as a function of public health.
The US is the only advanced nation on Earth that does not.
We're also the leader in med bill-induced bankruptcy
leading to home foreclosure on Earth.
One trip to a hospital can wipe out 500k net worth.
Yes there is a lot to debate on that subject.
Nothing is free , especially healthcare .
They want to regulate it to extreme cost and guaranteed outcomes on ppl that never took care of themselves their entire lives .
But that is the nature of the being we call Human.
Nations that long treat
healthcare and education
as commodities
will die of malady 
they are simply too ignorant
to cure.

We are not first in any aspect of health care quality.
From infant mortality to life expectancy.
It's getting worse not better, so why defend the status quo?
I’m looking at it differently, I want great efficiency and outcomes for the lowest cost.
So, how do we reduce the cost of taking profit?
Because that's all the private health insurance industry is.
It adds almost 40% to our nation's health care costs.
For bookkeeping?
More insurance competing for the same market .
In Ca you currently have 2 choices as an individual buyer ?
Anthem and Covered Ca.
i am looking at the online version of the London's Daily Telegraph, the article you talk about is not there?  Mr @AriFleischer what page number is it on?
I found a very similarly named article online from 06 July 2017:
I've lived there, that's no exaggeration. You wait months for anything,and dr. Walks in and out cuz only 5min allowed
We're no better.
I had to wait 3 months for a THR.
And I have yet to see a doctor for longer than 10 minutes.

We have a DOCTOR SHORTAGE.
And they do have a "Death Panel"
Adjusted for population 5 million Americans who want to as a GP couldn't in any given week.
Also single payer would create a dual system. Those with money would pay for private services while the poor would suffer.
Yes. Current government intervention has moved us to their 2 tier system rather than a scale of care which will always exist.
No one would argue the wealthy don't or won't get better care. They can pay for such services.
Did the article say anything about the causation? You're assuming single-payer is the cause, though it may not be.
More to do with conservative cuts to the system than an indictment of the system itself.
it's always about money.  education, health care, infrastructure.. higher taxes are always the solution!  it's nonsense.
Tax cuts & letting people fend for themselves haven't helped any of the other times, but sure, let's keep trying.
insurance worked a hell of a lot better before AHA started messing with it.  fed intrusion rarely makes anything better.
If it worked so much better before, why are so many more insured now than before? ACA has issues, but gutting to give rich more $ ≠ answer
having insurance isn't the same as having good insurance.  premiums are way up as are deductibles.  the promised savings never happened!  
it has nothing to do with the rich.  the AHA failed.  i see that and i work for a living.  repeal it!
So… repealing it and gutting Medicaid in the process to while giving billions in tax cuts to the rich has nothing to do with the rich? 
Great article pointing out the failings of single payer. It’s sad but you will not convince stupid...#libs
If you Actually read the article beyond the headline, that means 89% of people see a GP, for free, within a week.
Thanks Adele, then you go to England or Canada see how fast you get into see a doctor.. just not true! Single payer has proven to be a government nightmare. My opinion only big government does not work unless you want someone else to pay for it#taxpayers
I’m Australian. Never had a problem there, or in England (where I lived for 4 years) either.
You must be a healthy person, you are the lucky one.
I was born 3 months early and needed medical monitoring for 10 years. It cost $2k/day for the first 3 months. In the US I’d be dead.
That’s not true!!  Any and every hospital in the US would have taken care of you.
And billed my parents, who couldn’t have afforded it. I’d be alive, but I would have ruined their lives.
This as opposed to millions of patients a week that can't afford a GP?
Those both seem like bad options.
Fixing the affordability is easier than the availability, but there's no data to prove we'd have availability issues in the U.S.
Generally availability is related to affordability. Scarce goods are expensive. Common goods are not.
Healthcare doesn't work that way.  Our costs are not associated with a supply and demand concept
I agree to an extent. in that group insurance skews things. beyond that its a good and the same rules apply. citation to the the contrary?
We can't mandate care and not mandate payment for that care.  Otherwise the market will create it's own "adjustment"
Yes while 50+ million Americans can't afford to visit a doctor. But as long as the fat cat's make their money it's all good eh.
Over 300000 appointments wasted per week due to people not cancelling them. That leaves 700000. 1in5 appointments made unnecessary  1/2.
Yes, because your conservative allies  cut funding. System only as good as those supporting it. Still better than NO coverage aka #trumpcare
So you want someone else to pay for your healthcare?
I want everyone to pay. Who can. So everyone is covered.
That model never works. See Venezuela.
About balance. Of course. It's working in most of Northern Europe.
You can't compare tiny countries with homogeneous populations to a large country with a heterogeneous population.
Like you just did with Venezuela?
I was comparing their economic model, and not their healthcare model.
Daily Telegraph has an agenda to drive - #NHS offers poor service only the private sector can fix. In reality it's being starved of money
All government programs are starved of money. It is a fact of life. Sooner or later they run out of other people's money.
Other people's money is such a simplistic cliche - devoid of any insight into the complexity & nuances of modern society
Government taking from 1 group 2 give 2 another, gov is giving "other people's money". Complexity is who is taken from & who receives.
No.
Complexity is the covenant with society you entered before you were born.
 That's one of the most asinine things I've ever read.  Lol
You don't think you've any obligations to generations that have gone before you?
I've no obligations to anyone except those closest to me. Mine & my wife's incomes are our property. It doesn't belong to gov't or any1 else
Unfortunately for too many Americans Ignorance isn't bliss. Its shameful. Educate themselves on what they think we need. Apples To Oranges.
. It’s wonderful listening to foreign idiots droll on about something they don’t understand. Guess what? Americans can go to the ER for the sniffles and be seen first and billed later. If you’re poor you have Medicaid and pay for nothing. No one here is turned away ever.
try finding a doctor in a major city taking new Medicare patients, not to mention Medicaid  -- NHS is alive and well in the U.S.
Why are you spreading lies? Do you understand the NHS?
Did Rupert himself write the story or just contribute to it. Up yours Fleischer.
This couldn't be more true. I have private insurance, I have just been diagnosed with Lupus a month ago, after going to a specialist and paying a extra fee, i have been hospitalized through the emergency room because my GP who works with hospital did not have time. #SickNotWeak
NHS is bankrupting the UK and is not sustainable- it's a fiscal black hole- no matter how many extra billions it is given it's never enough! Inefficient bureaucratic management makes the matter worse
Should send to Camilla Harris who thinks she knows better, just grandstanding 2020!
Thank you
Britain has 65.64M population. 1M a week equivalent to
US has 325M population, 5M a week patients waiting to see Physicians.
Exactly what liberals  want for this country.
@SenSanders this is YOUR VISION
NHS struggles with staff shortages. Many staff are immigrants. UK and GOP both want to slash immigration. Your "solution" is the problem!
Odd. In the US we have 9 million children this week who can’t see a GP next month, and 20 million people who can never see a GP without selling their car, house or children. Sounds like Britain’s single-payer plan is about 30 times better than our system. BTW, UK pays 1/3 US cost
A million, huh? 25 million uninsured Americans are unable to make a doctor's appointment, and Obamacare is a big improvement what we had.
I don't know. How do we know it's not because they've blind and that's why they can't see their GP?  Anyways, Chemtrails are real.
Thanks for that, Ari.
Try getting an apt in the US within a week. Unlike you most can't afford it either. You are of the privileged class.
This has been a problem here in the U.S. for a long time already.  We had to schedule out 7 weeks for my son to see his doctor for a general medication review.
Not read the article but it's the Telegraph! Not exactly unbiased. The real question is, did any of those pts come to any harm from waiting?
Actually this is what happens when an elite multimillionaire right wing government apes US approach to healthcare. Virtually no one else  in UK would want a US style healthcare system - we’re not stupid!
NHS struggling due to deliberate underfunding by Tory gov't as pretext to privatisat'n. Proof in better performance of devolved Scottish NHS
US opioid epidemic has its roots in expensive US healthcare- take this painkiller because you can’t afford physiotherapist or surgery. Soon you’re hooked.
Welp, we've got about 28 million uninsured who also can't see a GP. But, I mean, these are about the same.
The personal links between the paper's editors and the leadership of the Conservative Party, along with the paper's generally right-wing
dems want single payer healthcare with 310M+ people/you're racist, uncaring, selfish with your $, throw gram-gram off the train Republicans
I'm guessing more than a million a week cannot see doctors in the US, since they don't have insurance...
and Switzerland. The consumers of those nations rate their healthcare systems higher than what Americans do. Keep trying to jam the koolaide
As a couple, we've been paying equivalent of a new car/year for CATASTROPHIC O-Care plan. #RepealAndReplace #GOP #PaulRyan #mitchmcconell
As opposed to the millions who can't afford it on this country? Please. This is if this is even accurate and not misleading.
For a person who runs a communications co. you do a lousy job disguising your dislike of President Trump
compared to how many can’t afford the invisible fist of the market
Yup, exactly what my friend's sister, who lives in England, says.  Wake up America!
Maybe due to the tons and tons of medical care practitioners being kicked out of the country due to a stupid thing called brexit?
That's because they don't have enough doctors and nurses. America doesn't either. So, having insurance and not being able to take advantage of it is the fault of the system that gives people access to #healthcare? Not a lot of thought in that conclusion.
And with the huge expense of becoming a doctor in the US, how will we ever have enough of them?  I saw an article the other day that puts the costs at around $190,000.
Absolutely.  Consult any Canadian GP and you'll hear the same.
You can't show facts to the left, they are immune to them.
And according to labour MP Neil Coyle, 1.4million brits on food aid too!!! The UK is heading Sweden route fast. Expect the worst. #Rhodesia...  enjoy brits! !!! Popcorn time
Newspaper is London Daily Telegraph written 7-7-17. Thanks again Ari Fleischer. Have never forgotten you!
USA  and UK  have always agreed when Hate, Greed, or Envy, have threatened our way of #Life in God. In Jesus Name. Amen ..
America Loves you Nigel Farage! God Bless you for understanding #GlobalElitism! You put #World back on #Right Track! Praise God!
I honestly would not be surprised with similar numbers here in many places in US. Used to be long wait times for specialists but we have national shortage of MDs esp Primary care and most have to wait at least a month to be seen as new patient in our clinic.
Bernie Sanders read this
Hey, why is it failing?.....I mean the first Country to implement it....
Was NAZI  Germany....what could go wrong?
@_Isaiah_Flo_ no incentive for more patients, prices still get jacked up.
@SenSanders @FoxNews
You would know about the lie factor Mr. WMD liar. In a moment of dignity you couldn't wait to make it about Ari+ the Orange debacle.SAD...
Grass may not be greener, especially if we make poor lifestyle choices (More from UK)
Wake up from your medically induced coma, Ari. Have you tried to schedule a GP or specialist appointment in US? Average wait time is ~18 days. UK HC more coordinated with electronic health records to track patient care rather than distributed care in US. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2014/01/29/in-cities-the-average-doctor-wait-time-is-18-5-days/ …?
More BS from the Washington Compost. I'm in one of those areas and absolutely NEVER had anywhere near that long a wait, for either, even when I didn't have insurance. None of my friends or colleagues have either. What a politically motivated claptrap from the comPost.

No thank you!!
@SenBernie Please provide your solution.
Up to the usual Fox News standard everyone in U.K. Has access to care GOP health reform will kill more in a week than any care bottleneck.
If US gets "single payer" only rich will get health care
I'd give just about anything to shorten my 7-month wait to a week...single payer sounds better by months...
I think you misread the headline.
How so?
It's "a million patients a week" - the wait time is not a week.
At the risk of sounding ignorant,can you elaborate?thanks
I'm not assuming you're ignorant. I usually assume I'm the one who's ignorant. I doubt single payer is a good thing, but I could be wrong.
So a million folks a week in GB can't get a GP visit no matter how long they wait? Is that a more accurate interpretation?
Well, it says "...at least" a week. I haven't been able to afford health insurance since we started moving toward single payer.
Is this what #NWO wants all countries to be like, including USA?
Yes...
1-Telegraph is a UK paper(Britain extends outside the city of London).2-We have NHS walk-in centres where you can be seen same day, for free
30 million can't see a doctor this week, next week and every week after.
I would like to buy a Maserati but unfortunately I can’t afford  it and all associated cost that go with it.
Single payer with open borders
Same everywhere it's tried, from VA healthcare on
What's the number in the US right now? I bet a lot more than a million people can't see a doctor this week.
And they only have 1/5 US population. Imagine the number here with rural communities.
.@SenSanders @BernieSanders what say you?
I can go to the doctor, the specialist and hospital when I want. I pay €109 a month and €350 a year for my own risk. That's  what  single payer is really like!!
WRONG. Single payer means one entity handling the $$$. It doesn't mean government-run hospitals, which is what the UK has. #moron
Single payer: sacrifice quality, availability & innovation for mirage of price control. With single payer there is no real price discovery.
Nothing to do with it being single payer. That system has been subject to savage cutbacks at a time of population growth. Different problem
You keep telling yourself that, but it will not change reality.
I'm not making that up. It's not the ideal system (the Swiss & German systems better by far) but it's flaws are due to inadequate funding
You poor thing you.
And there it is.
You might jeer now, but it will be another matter when you can't afford your healthcare bills. Free world my foot. That's modern slavery.
We're just going to get crammed full of more oxy. Really sad. Single payer will destroy us in so many different ways.
Hey @BernieSanders - this is why you can take your single payer gov. Healthcare and put it where the sun don’t shine!
There is this false narrative that govt can't do anything right. Federalism is a good thing, but the states' rights politicians sabotage it.
This is your pinned tweet?! Come on.
Bet no members of parliament are among that number
That's not how Medicare 4All would work. You go to any doctor. Medicare pays for it. Let's debate facts not scare tactics. So sick of lies!
@BarackObama @SenSanders stick ur single payer and if u like ur doc u can keep ur doc bull

#MAGA
What’s it like in other countries that have it?  Shill.
This story is about a socialized system, which is not the same as single payer.
Ignorant or sneaky man? What’s your choice to characterize you ARI? Have you heard of brexit and the Tories struggle to keep power? Join the dots and you will find out. You know the press can be biased right? Of course you do
I could see a doctor tonight if I wanted to. Stop spreading #fakenews Fleischer.
Can't see Dr for a cold is 1 thing ari. How many are outright refused treatment bcos they can't afford to get fleeced by insurance company?
And when you have been with yours for years you just stick w/the good one you find. Even if it’s inconvenient or they change the insurance policy etc etc etc #weneedmoredoctors #FreeMarketsWouldSolveThid
A Snap Shot of the “Single Payer System” - Which We Do Not Want in America! Repeal & Replace ASAP!     
Speaking as someone w/o health insurance after USPS closed facilities & laid off -- I would most likely B dead w/o #ACA 
Being denied due 2 #Preexistingcondition & unable 2 afford care 4 high risk vs long waits -- which has better chance of survival & better quality of life? #DUH
No, that is what having a shortage of healthcare providers is like.
how smart is it to put the highest members and their wives on any one vehicle to attend anything this is poor planning at best
Where’s the rest of the article?
Australian. Universal healthcare. I have NMO. Treatment completely free here - would cost tens of thousands a year in the US.
The rest of the world looks at your healthcare system in wonder and horror. NOBODY wants to emulate it. That should to tell you something.

I am grateful to Ari Fleischer for offering a constant daily reminder of what the Bush administration years were actually like.
That’s 15 Times less than the 15 million Americans that will lose health insurance because of the awful Trump tax bill, but thanks for sharing.
That's not all, about 25% of your paycheck going into a Healthcare mandatory tax. They seem to forget from where the money would be coming
In several liberal states, there have been shortages of family doctors for decades. The states are high COL and thus draw more specialists.
Socialized medicine always results on rationing of care.   The government can never raise taxes enough to fund it to the level the private sector does.
This is what single payer looks like when right wing seeks to defund and privatise it to cream off profits from illness. Like yours. Cheers!
I can’t see a GP in the US, either. Universal single payer healthcare is the solution, right-wing idiots’ budget cuts not withstand.
We aren't England,we are the USA! As always,you look  down on America.What is with you, trying to make US bad?

Come over to California where the world gets free care and taxpayers get the bill! Brought to you by Jerry Brown and liberals! Need a train?
your friends repeatedly sold parts of it off and refuse to give a payrise to people working there for years.
Frightening and shocking!
amen.
I have excellent insurance coverage here in the US. I just waited 6 months to see a Dr to start treatment after being diagnosed with lupus.
Source?
They must be doing something right, they have a longer life expectancy then we do: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_life_expectancy …
Welcome to obama’s dream for America. This is Globalism in a nutshell: Your country is completely saturated with tens of millions of migrants. All are on the dole. Resources are depleted. Wealthy people survive. The rest live in abject poverty. In the Utopian Village. LOL. MAGA
Fixed it for you.

Welcome to what massive under funding by a right wing government in order to privatise the NHS against the wishes of the British public looks like.

Hell I can’t get in for 3 weeks and I pay 17k a year for health insurance.
Thats true in the US. Problem is not payment system. Pick another.  Try being more like Canada.
Need to live 5 years there and 5 years here before judging.
And look where you chose to live.
Send to @BernieSanders

England is not single payer. You know that, right? it's socialized medicine.
That is not true. I live in Sweden, we have had single payer for decades, no one would want to give it up to get an American health care system! How many have copied your system? Crickets...
Sorry it’s not like that at all. In fact, I just went in to gp and was seen in five minutes, had tests done in another fifteen and was out of there with no out of pocket expenses...
As opposed to the millions more we have that will never see a GP.    I hope people read this full story.  And that that this is referring to appointments not people.  People are learning  quickly that the fear tactics used to scare America from single payer are BS. Ask Canada.
Pardon me its not a Fear Tactic.. You are correct..ITS REALITY..Read,more and pray for our world..we all need each other..
Obuma's wet dream... people waiting in line for essential health care, begging the gov't to do something....  socialism works poorly at all levels...
Gross butt true..lol
Unlike you, Corporate stooge, I've lived under your Medical System and single Payer. Single Payer wins with no contest.
Re: UK's lousy health care headlines: Add death panels for senior citizens to that story. The bad news is we have socialized medicine, too.
Oh give it a rest you hypocritical hasbeen: CBO estimated the last sociopathic GOP 'bill' would've robbed almost 2X that many of healthcare!
People that live in countries with  this health care system suffer this nightmare! Single payer system is horrible!
We have to see it, evidence...dont trust you. You don't get it by now? Revolution, it's ok to be scared
Same problem in #urban and #rural #USA. #GPs are scarce when economic conditions don't support them.  Fix the damned problem. Don't misdirect to score a political point with your base.
You lying pos. Care delivery is not a function of how many insurance companies are getting rich. A single payer system can be great or bad.
Thanks for the HEADSUP on how the BIAS is perpetrated. Watch out mainstream media !!! We’re tired of your bias.
Canadians Increasingly Come to U.S. For Health Care | Best Countries | US News
Yep I can’t even afford to see a Dr., applied for covered California in November they immediately cashed my very large check & I still haven’t received my insurance card!!!  Have talked to management 3 times & each time been told they will be there in 10 working days!
Mismanaged single payer & a system full of immigrants nations clearly cannot sustain. Not leaders, traitors! @AriFleischer @debwalkingstick
Oh hey kiddo , I remember you , are you Milatery kiddo , I remember you liked my carbuater rag trick !! How you been kiddo ?#goTrump go go go go go go go go go go go
Welcome to what indifference is like.
Monopolies like single payer health care are like that. Just suck it up, fella!
Stepping over the line into the personal?
But still, I'm serious.  Welcome to indifference.
Like the DMV. No thanks.
