@jaketapper I guess Trump should have picked someone who could get bipartisan support.
bipartisan support- unanimous vote from Dems & Repubs for 10th Circuit Court This Shows true Dims integrity
Don't forget Garland also confirmed to lower courts. He deserved a hearing.
I'll remind you about the " Biden Rule " plain ignorance to ignore it but convenient!
I'm not ignorant of this GOP talking point. It doesn't explain/excuse what was done to Garland.
ok I'll add blind . What was done was done by Biden It's not a talking point it's fact
No, it was a speech that never affected an actual nominee. Now you're just resorting to insults.
it didn't affect a nominee but there had to be reason why that came up , It's called fair warning
But at what cost? Losing the filibuster on the NEXT nominee. Gorsuch won't change much, but the next one could change everything
I don't understand this. If they ok it this time and lose it next time, they still will get both their noms
The GOP will change Senate rules to prohibit the filibuster on all sc nominees going forward. The Dems will have no say at all.
that will bite them in the ass incredibly hard in the future if they do that
you mean it will bite the GOP in the ass?
if they kill filibuster, dems will take advantage of that when they are back in power
but the demoRATs are self destructing just like obummercare, demoRATs & obummercare are history
are you 12 years old?
Schumer is giving Republicans license to go nuclear. 51 votes for confirmation.
Republicans are insane if they go nuclear over this
Dems are insane if they filibuster over this, just for political theater for their base
damn bro you really got me good on that one lol
I know
Sure hope Dems block Gorsuch  #StopGorsuch #indivisibletx10 #indivisibletx7
bring on the nuclear option giving the Republicans all judges they want to appoint. #dipshitchuck
Dem wits
@jaketapper @politico Evil Men, Schumer and the people who seek him out for lines of evil...
Please work to get moderate Republican Senators to vote against Gorsuch (if any exist). Vote For American Justice
if @SenSchumer has the votes to stop Gorsuch, there is no justice in USA anymore.  We're done @FoxBusiness @FoxNews

@jaketapper @politico excellent.  Let it sit until after #TrumpRussiaCollusion is dealt with.
Go nuclear.
He doesn't have the votes, he knows he doesn't have the votes so he lies like the corrupt fool he is.
. @SenSchumer @IngrahamAngle , only shows their stupidity.
I hope gorsuch gets booted out.
@SenSchumer Dem's shouldn't consent to SC Justice nom by Prez who is under @FBI investigation for poss collusion &
espionage. If proven, Prez wouldn't have had the right to such privilege. #TrumpRussia
Let's hope then that the GOP has the guts to get rid of the Democrat enabling filibuster rule.
,U & @tedcruz have already decided to support Gorsuch even though @FBI investigating @potus.Let's wait until investigations over
been hearing from GOP 8 was just fine/that we cant have a pick during election. rumps filed,campaigning its an election.
45 is under investigation. No Dem SCOTUS nominee would get a hearing for lifetime appt under same circumstances.
another koolaid drinking lefty and CNN follower
#NoGorsuch until #trumprussia has been resolved. #DoYourJob #Impeach45 #texastownhall #resist

What goes around, comes around, John.  The GOP has destroyed any sense of decorum for SCOTUS picks.  So blow it up & let's go.
hahahaha
The Clown of No..what a joke and hippocrit
@jaketapper  It needs to be delayed until the Russia investigation is settled.
Jake the Snake
WTF?
No delay. Stupid reason. WTF
You should no
Absolutely. You don't get to appoint a judge if you may have stolen an election. Lets determine if Trump is legit president 1st.
The American people interfered with the election.America voted for the best person for the job.GOD also interfered
I hope you're right. But for the sake of our democracy, we should do all we can to ensure there was no Russian interference.
#Nuclear
I sincerely hope so. He may be qualified, but much to conservative for my liking. SCOTUS needs a true moderate.
I guess you should have learned to be a better leader in the time voters gave you. This is on YOU.
schumer is foolish and can't stop gorsuch confirmation Gorsuch will be the next US supreme court justice
The tank is coming.But, will they lay down or stand up? After 8 yrs of obstruction by the R's, time to stand up. Tank be damned.
@jaketapper Election of Trump illegitimate, presidency illegitimate. Major actions being blocked for a reason. Stop, think!
God/universe blocking Trump, listen, understand Karma is catching up with Trump. His downfall has only just begun.
only Dems trying to block POTUS NOT God and universe lol
No Gorsuch confirmation until Trump is proven to be a legitimate president
Excellent!
Still not sure why GOP support him & Dems oppose. Pretty moderate.
no way
You can relate, can't you, obstructionist. ..
@pipandbaby @politico
Schumer, with Satan at his back, would oppose Jesus Christ as a Supreme Court nominee.  Got to protect his devils.
what do they say about Karma? #MerrickGarland
NUKE it guys, come on glow a pair and shut this so called Senator down.  And keep on nuking it.
Nuke Em
Schumer & Co: Stop wasting time with gamesmanship. No valid reason for blocking or delaying confirmation.
FANTASTIC! The @GOP is soooooo incompetent!
It will be kind of incredible if the Democrats can pull a shot vote together before your guys could.
we in the hinterland don't want Gorsuch. He is fake folksy
- The democrats want to rule forever, but their reign will be short  troubled and destructive  to themselves and America.
why is it ok for the judiciary to be political? All judges should be constitutionalists. #constitutionalist
@jaketapper @politico Gorsch is qualified. Democrats know it.
@jaketapper @politico they can block all they want ..he's going to be confirmed.
no they don't only need 51 to vote him in when the nuclear option is triggered, now can Ruth B G retire or expire from old age
Good news! 

Hey, what exactly do you do as a senator? Seriously.
@missb62 @politico 

Good.  Shut down the government, until we can figure out what the hell is going on.
@missb62 Gorsuch: no humility, false bravado, for sale, bought by Anschutz, a "look at me, Mommy" kind of guy.
Garland.
@jaketapper not my senator!
Then he doesn't need to even be thinking about filibuster.
#MerrickGarland
@jaketapper @politico fingerscrossed!
@jaketapper Schummer & his ilk can only wish they possessed an intellect like Judge Gorsuch does. Out of your league Chucky
@morgfair Give Garland a chance, a hearing would be fair.
what a bunch of democratic hypocrites. They unanimously voted him in as a Federal Judge 10 years ago!! Cry babies. BooHoo
RELEASE trumps taxes to an independent investigation of Russia's influence on this administration
Excellent! You should vote NO on Gorsuch as well!
Paybacks are a mother, huh?
Naw.. Gorsuch will get through and President Trumps agenda will be fulfilled . 8 yrs of awesomeness is ahead,
@jaketapper Schumer and the Democrats are so busy digging themselves into a 50 year Minority Hole they can't see daylight.
@jaketapper it's worked for a year; I vote for going the next 4 with just 8 Supreme Court Justices.
look at that old devil face !
#nuke #Nukefest2017 on its way soon!
You should join them.  No vote until the Russian investigation is over.
nuke em
This scares the hell out of me @SenSchumer - his next pick could be a TV Judge.
good... No vote on a seat stolen by you... Gorsuch was nominated by a corrupt and inept President.  Country First... Not Party.
Thank God. The Dems must follow the GOP plan to block. Gorauch is an evil presence like most Trumps puppets
Nuke'em GOP!!!
Probably a good thing because a POTUS under investigation for collusion with Russia should be limited in powers
Good for them. I continue to be disappointed. If you'd treated Garland with respect,  I'd have no issue with Gorsuch.
wyden is talking about "secret law". What is that about?
hope so
You are full of it you will not block Gorsuch.He will be on court because he is outstanding candidate with a phenomenal Record
@pessell_anna @politico BS
it's clear that you are a Twitter Rambo.  Scared to face your constituents.  #cowardcornyn were was garland' s hearing?
You got a problem with that? @jaketapper @politico
Anyone connect to Trump is tainted. Al Franken unmasked Gorsuch as deeply entrenched partisan GOPer.
I respectfully ask you to vote against cloture re Gorsuch.
@jaketapper @politico our tax payers money being used to pay people like this
 Thank you Libtards @chuckschumer it is called GO NUCLEAR.  All bets off for DNC. Thank old terd Harry Reid
good. I'm glad we can block something else of the Republican agenda that is really bad for the American people
Ticking down to...
@CarolynFogall I'm confident that many Americans are about ready with the tar and feathers.
they're trying to force Mitch to invoke the nuclear option.  Well....ok then.
Judge Gorsuch must be appointed to Supreme Court.
@jaketapper @realDonaldTrump   That's too bad. I like this guy but because of his ties to LOSER trump he get labelled. SAD
Ojala @Jeannie_Hartley
@jaketapper Fingers crossed.
And that is a good thing. #townhallwhen? #2020
lol
The Dems are hypocrites!  They confirmed him before now they want to obstruct!  They should be ashamed of themselves!
We Know Better. Chuckie was wrong on Hillary, on Ellison...he has a record now.
@jaketapper Please pick you battles wisely if Gorsuch is qualified why block him u all might want to wait till the next nominee
Schumer needs to crawl back under his rock he's a total moron he starting to make Biden looks somewhat intelligent unbelievable right
@jaketapper Then, like Reid, they will change the rules.  Not what u want to hear but what will happen.
And here is a parody song I recorded called Pelosi.  Do enjoy!  https://www.dropbox.com/s/e7xa882v5718c3w/Pelosi.mp3?dl=0 …
Let's hope! No confirmation until the Russia thing is sorted out.
- Y'all were confident you could repeal & replace ACA on Day 1. Just saying .... #trumpRussia #NotABot
@DubsterCali Go Nuclear!!   Use Harry Reid's weapon on the democRATS.
@SenSchumer  fears a real Judge being nominated. @GOP passed Obama 2 political activist and accepted it, time @DNC stop games
To Shumer--This is something you're proud of. Shame on u
Translation: Feckless Republicans preparing to get hoodwinked by party with no power. 
#RinseRepeat
obstructionist
They have the votes to block him. Any dem who votes for Gorsuch should be voted out in 2018
Senator, why are you posting this?  Are you not representing me and my peers here in East Texas?  Tell Schumer to stuff it.
Please filibuster, because the Libs will never get a Justice through ever.
you know what would be hilarious? The repubs use the nuke option .
@jaketapper please let this be true!
if you would have given Garland a hearing, I might have said yes to gorsuch
You will regret trying that. You will assure POTUS gets every open judgeship nom on the Supreme Court
 Thanks Harry!!!
. He's better as senator that doesn't have to do anything. His POTUS doubled the debt, but not important to him.
@jaketapper The GOP needs to trigger the nuclear option. Trump will likely appt 2 justices in 1st term and maybe another in 2nd.
@jaketapper I hope Dems do block Gorsuch then McConnell can use nuclear option and silence Dems forevermore!
#Schumer is evil.
schemer and Pelosi need to be ashamed of themselves!
@jaketapper @politico Hello Nuclear Option! And the Senate becomes more and more a 100 man H of R Bad for US.
After Indy Mac and WaMu old Chuckles ought to be arrested for treason.
@FoxNews If Schumer tries to block Gorsuch than Republicans need to do what Reid did...GO NUCLEAR!!! Gets some guts!!
NUCLEAR!!!!  Or republicans will be primaried!!
Aren't you SUPPOSEDLY to be a republican??  Sure don't act like it w/comments like that. 51and you're done!
when can we get rid of partisan politics?
@jaketapper Please, please, please, please, please?!!!!
Gee all of you were ok with obamacrap rammed down our throats and no one 6 years while it was collapsing
all of you don't care about USA only revenge, you are all pitiful Americans
NO LIFETIME APPTs while POTUS is under FBI investigation. I'd think you'd be one of the 1st to think that's a priority...
@jaketapper Schumer is a hypocrite phony excuse of a Senator
@jaketapper Block ! Impeach Not My President first before voting on anything!!
Democrats are black hearted evil people who will do anything for power.
Thanks to the Elitist Left we have the Nuke option. Thanks Schumer!
Shumer, nuke option. We have had enough of this childish crap. Is NY embarrassed yet?
I hope this found acceptable given nom. came from someone under federal investigation. Once name is cleared, process can proceed

doesn't matter, harry reid him
not
they dnt hav the votes  if they do it wil b a sad day 4the GOP y'all need 2get off ur asses & go2 work 2018-20 around corner 
Comrade @JohnCornyn country before party,no appointment until independant investigation @Trumpgate,emoluments,ethics,nepotism investigations

yea so was Ryan
they will go nuclear Chucky you lose .
NO WAY!!
THEN GO THE NUCLEAR OPTION.
@jaketapper good! Don't vote under this Trump Russia stuff is resolved
In those famous words of Harryass Reid "Go Nuclear " !!
Schumer and the Dems are self destructing. They are idiots!
AWESOmE!  Let's nuke them.
#MerrickGarland
So get rid of the filibuster.
Then get some balls and nuke him.  Monday.
Go nuclear!
as a constituent, I urge a confirmation vote by any means necessary. Decorum was lost with Harry Reid
Chuck Schumer couldn't hit his ass with both hands even with Nancy Pelosi's help

... @SenSchumer trying to be as big a weasel as Harry Reid ... pathetic aspiration ... #confirmgorsuch
@jaketapper @politico - I sincerely hope so.
Chucky, chucky, @SenSchumer ! Leader of #irrelevant  #progressive #implodables !
good. Illegitimate president illegitimate choice on STOLEN seat.
Stand up to these bullies and go nuclear. The voters are counting on you to be strong & stand together. We need Gorsuch!
Chuck Sshumer is truly an evil man.  So is Adam Schiff. Stand up to them and for the POTUS.
Chuck Schumer is humiliating himself and all those who follow his hateful rhetoric.  Time for him to go!!!!
Gorsuch will be appointed period
@jaketapper I'm a democrat and I think blocking Gorsuch is a bad idea. Don't play republican games. We have bigger battles.
@SenSchumer ONLY wants to obstruct! CARES NOTHING for the people! Just mad oblubber didn't get HIS Judge! But NIETHER DID BUSH!
@jaketapper @politico term limits sounds so good
