demand #TownHall  demand #investigation into #russiagate
why is Greece paying for the military when their economy is still in ruins and the are under onerous austerity measures?
so how much does war in Europe cost? We can pay now or pay later- like in WWI and WWII.
I agree, and I am one of your constituents, Senator.
John Cornyn will put trump on his communists and socialists list on Twitter
John, we demand an independent commission to investigate NSA/Leaks. This is serious stuff. Do your job!
You realize Putin's goal is to destroy NATO, right? Why are you focused on critiquing NATO like Putin/Trump? Focus on Texas pls!
bad source. Why do you even? Hey...you also haven't returned my phone calls or emails (just like @SenTedCruz)...
Rafael clearly doesn't care, but I had thought Cornyn used to be respectable.
.@JohnCornyn this is apropos of what, exactly? Do you want to withdraw from NATO? Say what you mean.
release Trump tax return and have an independent investigation into Russain influence on our election and administration
U've been in @SenateGOP since 2002 & just figured it out? Either U didn't care, don't understand, or UR a sheep 4 @POTUS
And yet these ALLIES seem more concerned about pulling our strings than our own SENATE. Independent Registered Voter.
&#45 must be looking to do their best buddy Putin a favor.
war, war, war. Don't you repubs ever get tired of war
.@JohnCornyn And the only time article 5 was ever invoked was to defend the USA.
I see other countries protect with less. Good way to show we are overspending on defense compared to peers. Thanks for sharing.
Got to pay to play. We should be under no obligation to defend those NATO countries who fail to meet financial commitment
only zero senators from texas meet with constituents at town halls
are you included among the sens/reps too afraid of getting humiliated at town halls, or just inept https://news.vice.com/story/more-than-200-republicans-in-congress-are-skipping-february-town-halls-with-constituents …
We've known that forever. It's in thing to nudge. Another to push them off the cliff.
cocka floating up from the pond scum. The real story John is who is leaking classified ### to the press? #foxinthehenhouse
does anyone know why we pay more than 2? And why others do not? Guessing its not simple. Details pls. Maybe at Town Hall?
point is that trump is right t dump NATO?  Putin is tap dancing on his desk n saying, MAGA!
NATO is a excellent topic for a #TownHall
As Rome burns.  You better get busy investigating Putingate/Flynnghazi or you will lose your seat.  You will be deemed complicit
Your constituents in Houston sincerely request a town hall during the February 20-24th recess. Concerned about Pruitt for EPA.
Your most important thing?? your office=no response! Republican elites ignore constituents! #TownHall #cornynfailstexas
Texans want a bi-partisan panel to investigate Trump's connections with Russia. Giving this president more time will backfire.
war is all republicans can depend on anymore
Stop the distractions!  Get to work on the Admin/Russia connections.  Investigate this not the leakers.
this chart is misleading. It is not a "required" minimum. They are encouraged to put forth 2%, but some cannot.
We don't have a flat tax because it's an undue burden on poor people. Some of those countries are poor. Maybe look into it.
Yes but we NEED them and they need us!
Putin wants rid of NATO and he will get one he wants
Peace is less expensive than war. Defense waste is scandalous. #givepeaceachance
I believe #Potus may have mentioned that a few times 
Kissing up to Putin, too, huh? You are a great American.
really? No investigation on Russia? #TownHall  face your constituants.
Russia spends 4.8% of GDP on its military. That's the opponent, and we are the "hegemon".
the rest of NATO should spend more, though note that we were okay with Europe spending less, because of their history
and no one wants to invade Iceland.
decrease in spending doesn't necessarily speak to a military inefficiency. It speaks to better budgeting.
We don't need war. Are you willing to put soldiers, ur constituents sons & daughters, in harms way for political gain?
Deflect, deflect, deflect.  When are you having a Town Hall? Your constituents have questions and we want answers.
Investigate Trump campaign/admin ties to Russia. Need Bi-partisan committee (equal Rep at min). #CountryOverParty NOW
I think it's clear now that @JohnCornyn doesn't give a crap about his constituents.
Please stick to Domestic issues! Repeal/REPLACE Obamacare,tax reform, BUILD THAT WALL!
While I don't disagree our NATO Allies should contribute more, what's the alternative if they don't? Learn Russian?
It used to be, that America was a SuperPower and this was part of being a SuperPower to bring stability in Europe.
- Texans are waking up concerned about Russia/45 & treason - investigate! And hold Town Halls in TX.
.. investigate Trump & Russia
You should be ashamed of your party. Investigating leaks and NOT Trump/Russia! Shame! #DoYourJob
We want a #TxTownHall ASAP. We demand you represent your constituents and not yourself. #DoYourJob
again Russia-Trump it needs an independent investigate
Transactional politics coz govt is just like a business that has bankruptcy protections.
they should pay more but this is not a reason to dismantle our entire alliance structure.
ur right-- th good Senator won't hold a townhall. Fearful.
John, we demand an independent commission to investigate Trump/Russia. This is serious stuff. Do your job!
because the last time Germany bet big on Defense it worked so nicely for us.
Not everyone can be the paranoid warmongering psychopaths we are
no current senators meet Texan standards. How about a town hall to discuss your performance, John. #CornynFailedTexas
Do you think you meet the standards of a representative when you won't schedule town halls during State Work week?
you need to be concerned with CIA leaks.   Bring your concerns home and let's clean up the leaks!
who cares. We want an investigation into Trump's ties to Russia! #holdatownhall #DoYourJob
So it makes good sense we stick with them, right senator?  Your tweets are cryptic, messages to Russia?
Other than Germany and France all the others are small and struggling.  So, just leave them for the Russians to dominate?
Super credible source, Cornyn
