@PostOpinions B/C intelligent ppl tend to ? What is already proven to be incompetent leadership.
When will GOP quit blaming Democrats for their own hot mess? Dems look out for everyone. Reps fight like crazy for empty gains.
Why did you co sponsor a RES that would overturn privacy rules and allow websites to sell personal browsing information?
stand for us all and get the traitors whose alligiance lies with Russia out of our government
Seriously, this nut job does not concern you?
they are holding up America
And we all know that all Trump's picks are the bestly. #2020
That's rich coming from you. And yet they persist.
... seriously... there are soooo many that are unraveling the best of government -what's yr measuring stick?
"one of Trump's best appointees".  A very low bar.
Don't you hate it when the other guys use your own playbook!?!?!
boo freaking hoo....you have more important things to worry about, like the loyalty of your own party.
..on the principle of these "bad dudes".DEVOS, SESSIONS, MUNICH, TILLERSON, PRICE..& BANNON, MILLER,KUSHNER, SPICER & TRUMP etc..
Merrick Garland #ResistTrump #hypocrite #regressiveparty
Or in Houston? Or Dallas? Or San Antonio?
Or.....?  #2020
Repubs really don't have any room to criticize on this. The sitting president is supposed to fill the vacancy, not the next guy
All are suspect in relation to #treason.
The sooner the Senate confirms him, the sooner the administration will have another adult in its top ranks. WHY NOT JUST GET THE CHILD OUT?!
*cough* Merrick Garland *cough*
I'm simply amazed you have the audacity to complain about another party delaying government action.
bc he avoided-answerIng @alfranken questions during his interview for seat.He is just like @USAGSessions. He is not trustworthy
If you wouldn't have confirmed Sessions, you wouldn't be in this pickle.
Republicans have no ground to complain about Democrats opposing anything.
Why doesn't McConnell use the nuclear option?
couldn't care less, but how about #healthcare and #IndependentInvestigation? We want answers! Constituents, you work for us!
Ah.  You mean the Democrats are behaving the sane way Republicans did when they held up consideration of Merrick Garland indefinitely?
When was he nominated? Is his paperwork in? Background checks done?
It is painfully clear that we need a special prosecutor to investigate Russian influence in our government.
You set a very low bar, Senator. #LastTerm
Two words: MERRICK GARLAND.
Dems needto know that he will investigate ties between Russia, Iran, and the WH and state dept. You should too.
@PostOpinions  Do easily John, it's frightening. I listen to on the Senate floor lying. Makes me sick.
probably because all his appointees have ties with Russia .
Sweet John, your grandchildren will read about your complicity and deny you. Think about their humiliation.
@PostOpinions  What the hell are you talking about?  He had his first hearing 2 days ago?  Are you developing dementia?  YOU LIE
1. Merrick Garland
2. Sessions perjury
3. Russian collusion
So yes, the Dems are going to continue to obstruct.
Too bad that there were so many unqualified and unethical appointees before him that created this environment.
Sessions must resign. Russia invest must be rigoroys Trump's libel must be punished . Play side B of WaPo. read the entire paper
Oh please! That you blindly confirmed some of his worst appointees - DeVos, Pruitt, Perry, Sessions and Dems are at fault?
So, appointing a special prosecutor would solve this problem, correct? Make it happen, please.
if you can't see the hypocrisy in your whining about this then you're a lot dumber than I thought
Every one of his people is "a disaster" bent on destroying their office
saying one of Trump's best isn't saying much. Merrick Garland much?
Meanwhile these nut jobs are installed with nary a word. https://www.propublica.org/article/meet-hundreds-of-officials-trump-has-quietly-installed-across-government?utm_campaign=sprout&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_content=1489008079 …
36 lobbyists, 1 recent high school grad, plus numerous right wing conspiracy theorists. Only the best for the USA.
Want to mention how many positions don't even have a nomination yet? https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-administration-appointee-tracker/database/ …
one word. Nuclear.
Better than the other ones? Pretty low bar: DeVos, Carson, Perry.....need I go on?
DOJ should be non political & even handed. Rosenstein is just right for all. @SenSchumer #makeitso
GOP needs to stop being device and start caring about the country. What are you going to do for me? #DoYourJob
please stop playing party against party and whining.  Be a man that stands for all Americans, for all Texans
Kinda like the FOP's held up Obama's nominations, Hypocrite.  You are so transparent
more fit throwing, pouting, childish behavior. Hope they pay for it next election!
They are doing their jobs.
impartial investigation into #Trumprussia now!
you lost your right to complain when you didn't even have the decency to hold a hearing for Merrick Garland.
& while we're talking nomins: what the hell's happening w the State Dept & why won't Tillerson answer reporter's questions?
cause he was a BAD nominee & even you can't defend him.
How many times do we have 2 tell u? They are not doing it for the hell of it, these candidates r overwhelmingly underqualified
Bipartisan Independent 911 Style Investigation. Quit toying w the People to serve ur purposes. #CountryOverParty
We do not have a state dept cause Putin does not want one and your crying the Dem are doing something to you
one word:  Garland
this is the best thing you can say about this guy? That is a pretty low bar. Sucks when the out of power party obstructs.
I ha e only one word for you, Sir. Merrick Garland.
John, we deserve to know what happened in this election. Billows of smoke, and this is a national security issue
"best appointees" are first round picks, not alternates for senators who lie to their colleagues under oath!
sorry Dems might want to take a little extra time with this since Sessions committed perjury. Minor detail.
when should I start learning how to speak Russian?
there must be a rule to stop them from dragging this out
Did you read this part? "We believe that Russian interference in the election is a matter of such grave public importance..."
I concur, but he has to have the internal fortitude to stand up to the WH, be his own MAN. @Morning_Joe @SenTedCruz
holding up a constitutionally legitimate nominee for political purposes? I feel like I've heard this story.
the clintons are the ones behind the trouble soar loosers
do birds sore?
