You mean "engaged citizenry practices democracy".
RIGHT
yeah, it's called pro active democracy
I call BS on this tweet
Chickens coming home to roost. WISE UP
Your'e right though, it is easier to rip off the public to make yourself rich when no one is paying attention. Damn them
you realize that this "training manual" is the Tea Party playbook right?  Otherwise known as "citizens organizing"
Did you VOTE? ELECTION is over!
yes i did.  Yes it is.  What does that have to do with constituents engaging their reps?
Being committed & organized to stand up as an informed, effective citizen is good!  Using fear & hate to govern is bad.
Yeah, Heritage and the AEI don’t give us marching orders, so we’ve got to develop own best practices for grassroots activism.
You are sadly WRONG.  The 'training manual' is and was Watching the TEA PARTY which KOCH bros sponsored-buses,signs etc
Not mine either, and I'm not trained or linked to Obama, but I am your constituent and maybe 'Not My Senator!'
so who wrote this manual ?!?! FYI I have yet to see a manual , but I've been to a protest
How insulting to your constituent Americans addressing genuine concerns.  YOU WORK FOR US!
The voters are angry and upset and if you don't pay attention, you will be voted out of office.
instead of spreading lies, why don't you #DoYourJob and investigate this historically corrupt president
Why demonize people with a different viewpoint?  Why the fear of organized dissent?  What is wrong with you? Sad?
You mean like your precious Teabagging protestors from 8 years ago?
- It's not paid organizers or protesters working against Trump (and for America), but millions of decent citizens!
So what?
lol sucks to be you, my man
it's called organizing
Discounting protest of Trump Admin. policy/deportment as "Obama-linked" is partisan prejudice. Represent ALL Texans.
good! Organization and planning will help bring down Trump and the GOP's fascist administration.
Heard of the Constitution dude?
You do understand how this works, right? Organize (churches!,) vote, enact policy. You are a tool.
@reddogsa @nypost  do these ppl realize that this is called TREASON?  they are not unifying AMERICA, but dividing it?
of course they are paid by Soros
.@JohnCornyn OH FFS!!! Just bc constituents get organized on FB, doesn't make it wrong. YOU ARE INTENTIONALLY SPREADING FAKE NEWS
You mean like the TEA PARTY?  Or like the civil rights movement?  You mean - they're ORGANIZED??  Yikes!
Calendar apps and social media are the work of the devil.
No shit we do. We like to read and think and plan. That's why we're not Republicans.
Here in TX we affectionately call him Johnny Cornhole…
When is the GOP going to stop using @POTUS44 as a "crutch"...you guys won...you hold the House, Senate & WH...#DoYourJob
Hey, remember when you guys though large groups of people hating the President was "patriotic"? What changed?
They forgot to send me a copy of the manual, since I'm not an Obama-supporter...and yet here I am, protesting your ass anyway.
and this is different from the Tea Party you praised? Oh yeah, the billionaire money that organized it & led it
The US army has a training manual, John, does that make IT illegitimate?
Yes we are organizing. We are protesting. We are YOUR constituents and we will vote you out.
Obama-linked activists have a 'training manual'...requires drawing pentagrams...hailing Satan...town halls will be blood orgies
yes real people organize their communities in democratic fashion unlike conservatives who just get bankrolled by big biz
This is approaching treason.
isn't that wonderful? Peaceful organization? Umm...democracy?
WOW so you think folks protesting use one collective mind since we don't agree with you and @POTUS. That's single minded
half truth= whole lie
You are supposed to represent all of us Texans! @JohnCornyn @nypost
All I can think is you are trying to mobilize your base to keep you in office through the next primaries.  #SAD
What are you implying about the right to protest? What does this have to do with representing Texans?
and if you don't do your job and stand up for Americans against that crazy dictator, we will replace you also.
Don't try and delegitimatize complaints from your constituents with this crap. We will remember this in 2020.
Does "Obama-linked" mean "those of us who value intelligence, decency, and competence?"
It's straight from the Tea Party playbook, & look how that worked out. If Trump has done anything, he's unified the oppo
you're goddamn right we do. It's what's necessary when our so-called representative ignores tens-of-thousands of calls
why not ask questions and listen to your citizens instead of going on the defensive and dismissing our cry for help?
Organized civil action is legal & encouraged. Quit stirring up distrust against liberal Americans. Horribly misleading.
1. CTA does not ever mention Trump. It is a CTA to take action for how to make a voice/opinion heard. Not a conspiracy
I am one of your constituents and I don't need a manual to protest an evil & immoral man!
still blaming everything on Obama. Do your job!  Trump & Russia? Trump & conflicts? Trumps taxes?
Nothing nefarious, they just borrowed tactics used by the Tea Party. We are organizing, it's a Democracy.
This garbage you share falsely calls us mobs, paid agitators etc & quotes 45 saying you ONLY represent Republicans. Really?
What in the world does "Obama-linked" even mean? Obama will never again be in office.  Stop with the Obama-boogey man
Tell them Democrats that Ru Paul is in town at a drag Queen party and see how fast they leave.
President Donald Trump is my favorite President,  I will claim him to be our best President ever.
it's called organizing... the movement is stronger when people work together towards the same goal...
somehow on the right this always turns into paid protestor conspiracy theories... funny thing is teapartiers we're paid
ask why none of these Republicans will hold Town Hall Meetings w/their constituents? NO TAXATION WITHOUT REPRESENTATION!
a female veteran and Texan here. No one is training me or mine. We're all mad as hell and not going to take it anymore.
I am sick and tired of you calling us names!  Let me remind you!! You represent all TEXANS !!! @nypost

I have written you a letter. Are you suggesting that you are not responsible to answer to me because I am a Democrat?
Anything to get your attention, seeing as you don't serve the will of the people.
NY Post is Rupert Murdoch mouthpiece, unreliable. Progressives just taking a page from T Party manual! #resist
"But they’re not the Republican people that our representatives are representing" - sounds just like you. #TownHall
Not a paid protestor. I'm your constituent of 15 yrs who voted for you & getting the run around. https://youtu.be/yiaFYtSbq2o  @nypost
.@JohnCornyn the harder you work to discredit your own constituents' voices, the harder you'll need to work to get re-elected. we vote.
Organized protest=democracy in action. Get used to it. Don't need a manual 2 know you & Trump aren't worthy of support.
Quit blaming Obama for your problems! He's gone.
did you know that turd blossom 2 is more powerful than you?
You are unrespons to constit concerns, stop discrediting w/o listening, you work for us all even if you disagree with us.
never protested b4 ever.  You don't get it.  75287
I voted for Romney in the previous election so definitely not an Obama person. But Republicans are running amok.
Tea Party-linked activists have 'endless supply of money' from Koch brothers
Just give 'me a call http://www.politico.com/story/2015/12/koch-brothers-network-gop-david-charles-217124 …
Please direct your complaints to them
If trained you mean attending "Close Up" 35 years ago then yes, except we were call constitutes then.
Where in the hell is Sen. Cornyn from TX? Work break to meet constituents. Lost in the fake news. #ImpeachTrump #TownHall #2020
Gosh, I didn't get my copy!  Get real Cornyn! U must have drunk the Kool-Aid served @ Bowling Green & Sweden!#ImpeachTrump #2020
Is that a problem? Stating the obvious: Tea Partiers certainly have no right to be upset.
Coward, answer your phone.
If you would answer your phone during important moments, we wouldn't need to try this hard.
are you talking about this guide?  https://www.indivisibleguide.com/web 
Also, we eat brunch. We like to do our nefarious work over waffles and mimosas.
Also, I'm going to give you a little more reading instruction, Corny, since you're struggling again.
Notice how the verb "training" in the lede is not born out by the evidence in the article's links?
What the links describe is more like "providing advice" or "offering suggestions" to people who want to get involved.
So, just like the article you posted yesterday, this is a not good one, too.
Remember: Always check the article's sources and verify they match the content. #readingisfundamental
how scandalous! Imagine ppl participating in a political process. Grow a pair & confront them. got something better then say so
I am not a paid protestor.  65 years old, never protested before.  Crazy president and repugs have driven me to this.
you are a fool
Obama is no longer president, stop using him as a scape goat and DO YOUR JOB - sincerely, a TX constituent
I don't need any training to oppose an illiterate lying hate monger. The GOP is aiding and abetting a thug who knows little.

represent your constituents and it won't be an issue...have a town hall.
This is hilarious. What are you afraid of? Having to actually do your job? Being held accountable?
John the American people aren't stupid.
4) Teaparty had strategy for Obama opposition 5) Riding the Trump train will destroy your own party
1) anyone who has every been in Democratic Party is Obama linked 2) your Obama paranoia is so 2009 3) Trump is president
told you so!  They're nuts!
We will send you a copy. I know you have plenty of time to read while you hide from your constituents.
Disappointed in you @JohnCornyn Thought you were above the garbage and #altfacts of @nypost
They are just taking a play out of the Tea Party. If lawmakers actually listened to constituents it wouldn't happen.
I am really disappointed in you! How insulting you are to ur constituents who are ORGANIZED CITIZENS w/a right to speak
Obama linked?  You mean democrats?  Go have lunch with Milo ...
When are you scheduling your Town Halls during this recess? Stop hiding and DO YOUR JOB.
I was protesting when Obama was in office & protest now. I have a brain & use it well. My manual is the Constitution.
Texans want you to  represent our diverse needs, not the Trump agenda of lies and nonsense. Sweden - seriously? Govern for us.
You are sorely mistaken and using one of the least reliable sources. Please stop being a partisan hack and be a statesman.
you're a sad man.
I have no such training manual. YOUR TEA PARTY set the stage with the Koch brothers
No sir. I am 68 yr old GM/great GM Never protested  before 76086. Called u r office numerous times. U R Not listening.
you mean like the Tea Party? We are getting organized and you should want to listen.
Are you just now hearing about the @IndivisibleTeam?
This is the environment you create when you refuse to meet with your constituents.
town hall?
pretty much following the tea party playbook. Now it's a problem?
Not just Trump. Patriots are taking a stand against authoritarianism & asking you to listen to ALL your constituents.
you mean as opposed to @realDonaldTrump supporting dimwits?
NY Post is not quality journalism. UR the worst. I'll email you a list of what intelligent ppl read.
Still blaming Obama for the mess your party sold its soul for? At least pretend to have the courage of ur convictions
yeah it's the one the Tea Party used. Same one.
Its called citizen participation in our democratic process
Are you scared yet John? You must be since you refuse to meet with your constituents.
Good grief!
Please act like an adult. Your constituents aren't happy. 77025 #stillnotapaidprotestor
LOL YOU ARE HILARIOUS.  Why are you worrying about this?  Most of us don't need a manual.  We will resist you betraying the US!
Actually, Senator, it's a training manual for asking y'all to hear our concerns and protect our interests.
Darn tootin' we do. And we plagiarized it, too. Straight from the tea party.
Oh look! People who love their country and care are doing something about it! Gasp! Maybe listen to these patriots?
TEA PARTY
I love how you label us "activists". I'm married to a cop, a SAHM, and a church going Christian. #DoYourJob
.@JohnCornyn @nypost -Shame on you trying to hurt grandmas, nurses & teachers bc they want to talk to you. @indivisibleTX25 @indivisibleATX
- your worst nightmare...a diverse group of patriots, the likes of which you've never seen, united and preparing for 2018.
Senator, do you have a manual for ignoring your constituents? You are fired in 2020, keep selling us out.......
Provide a copy of the manual to Tucker Carlson or Bill O'Reilly to point out the conspiracy against President Trump!!!
It's called being involved. That's what democracy is all about. Btw, still waiting on a town hall - Texas voter here sir.
Divisive distractions. Meet with your constituents. I don't need a manual to protest YOUR actions. It comes from the heart.
.@JohnCornyn If by "Obama-linked activists" you mean "citizens" or "constituents"...
Unlike @realdonaldTrump some of us like to prepare for our new jobs. Ty for waking us up! Best of luck.
Damn right we r organized & mad as hell & not going away. Didn't mind organization when it was the tea party, eh Johnny?@JohnCornyn @nypost
Can you not even pretend to respect your constituents?
probably. but he just makes it very easy for us amateurs, too.
and if they did, so what? Do you need a manual to know how to respond to constituents? Phone busy, messages full..
if you can't see what's wrong with this president that's a scary thought. We care to much about our country.
Sedition!! Arrest him and charge him!
would that be a reason to excuse you from having to face constituents?
The only thing nefarious about any of this is that we have to do THIS MUCH organizing to get you to listen to your constituents.
don't need a manual to protest you - that is if you bothered holding a town hall coward
I'm a 5th Gen. Texan and I vote and I protest because I love my country and the Constitution is my manual
@IndivisibleTeam A complete misrepresentation of what we're trying to say. Don't worry, we'll keep telling you anyway.
keep up the good action. We can replace these non-representatives &twin back our gvnmt
Cornyn, do think the American people should trust the media or the Donald?
@IndivisibleTeam Oh, and you both spelled "engaged citizenry practicing democracy" wrong.
When and where is your next town hall, Senator? We would like to visit with you about our concerns. You work for ALL of us.
@IndivisibleTeam “they’re not the Republican people that our representatives are representing.” You represent ALL OF US!
EXACTLY!
@IndivisibleTeam None of us went through a six week training course. Alinsky has nothing to do with this. Stop lying.
@IndivisibleTeam The more you post nonsense like this, the more you try to dismiss us, the more we will raise our voices
Oh really? Why don't you post it. You sound like "Fake news" to me.
@IndivisibleTeam Clearly you haven't read the Indivisible guide, as we're using the same model the tea party used.
I've never met paid organizers, just citizens with opinions. Why don't you meet with some them and see what they have to say?
Yes we do. It shows us how to protest and take action using nonviolence.
Americans protesting. Read the 1st amendment or is that foreign to you.
you continue to miss the obvious. We are not acting from a manual; we reject this direction.  #occamsrazor
why are YOU not standing up for country before your own interests? You'll be culpable when trump goes down.
I do not see why this is a problem.
what about the repubs who are trying to stop trump's authoritarian regime? It's not all dems. When is your town hall?
Well duh, you lot want to make it legal to kill protesters. A manual helps keep them safe in hostile environments
You've just proved your point Senator Cornyn.They're on Tweeter too.These are perilous times,God's peace & grace to u.
I don't need a manual to know Trump is a horrible President.  Why don't you do your job and investigate ties to Russia.
because he is another ALEC sellout?
Yeah, but have to have it read to them!
More alternative facts. Prevarications. Falsehoods. Perjuries. Inventions. Tales. Deceptions. Untruths. Frauds. Falsifications.
If it's gone this far then it's because Congress hasn't been listening. #1stAmendment
Your tweet shows just how out of touch you are with your constituents. Time to listen up. When is your next town hall?
Uh well we have to be organized because our elected officials-AKA YOU-have gone rogue and are no longer listening to us.
this is not true. We are grass roots. I am a constituent. No lies please
