“@JohnCornyn: This is what Obama era ATF said about “bump-stocks”. And...you're proud to make the same mistake?
In other words, #bumpstocks are legal under current law and you folks in Congress need to get busy and pass better laws. #DoYourJob
The same people who want to ban #bumpstocks don't want to secure the border, don't support law enforcement and Won't enforce existing laws.
Grow a couple and back common sense gun control legislation. How many more dead bodies do you need?
We don't need any more civil rights restricted.
“But mommy, he stole a cookie, too!”Doesn’t get you off the hook. Man up or shut up.  Take responsibility and initiative. Both are R values.
Admit it.  You don't care about anyone but @JohnCornyn.  As long as you get your payoff from the NRA, you're fine.
And his whisky, that’s why he’s red every time he’s addressing the press...functioning alcoholic
The GOP is always happy to take credit for the strong economic numbers caused by Obama's admin, but now want to blame him for gun violence.
Keep coming back to Obama.
No one cares what Obama said. YOU are in control. Do something. And bump stocks are the very, very, very least you can do.
Comprehensive universal background checks
No gun sales to anyone with history of mental illness, domestic violence or on the no-fly list
Ban automatic weapons and high-capacity ammo magazines

It is time @NRA stopped holding America hostage. You need to make this your priority
I listened to NRA guy with John Dickerson, the mans head became a visible block shape with tracks of defence rhetoric. Never a new thought,
Obama not President. @GOP controls all 3 branches of govt. #DoYourJob
All that says is that it's not currently regulated. Regulate it, Senator. Live in the now.
That's the $27,500 bribe from the NRA talking.
What are YOU going to do to prevent mass shootings? Obama isn't in office. You are.
You didn't care then, why now.
You can't blame obama for this one
How about you stop being a part of the problem and begin doing the right things. Being involved in the solution.We'd like you better!
Why are you wasting time/energy on what Obama may have said in the past.It's not relevant.What is is passing a bill to ban these and others.
This isn't the Obama era. This is the Trump era. Let's get with the program, Gramps. Check to see who's in charge this week.  Damn.
They were wrong. Fix it.
You and your fellow republicans are tying to undo everything Obama’s team did. Undo this one.
Whatevs. Fix it.
You gun nuts will be your own undoing.
At my job we have a saying, “don’t play the  blame game, just fix the bug or ask for help”, we are top of our field. Just saying.
Oh, so it's all Obama's fault. Good save, Senator...
I just hope my representatives will read  and watch out for the rest of the junk attached!
Also we don't need a new law it's already covered in the laws of having and modifying guns so they will operate automatically.  What is the intent of the device in the first place.
GOP controls all branches of govt and you're crying about Obama.  
Deal with your feelings of inadequacy later and DO YOUR JOB!
Can’t you stop talking about Obama and do your job!  Shame on politicians like you that continue to be so divisive.  #GetOverIt
Sen. Feinstein tried to do something about these 4 years ago. Senate wouldn't even give her bill a vote.
How is this even relevant?
Yah. Blame obama.  No one believes that shit
You were in congress during that time frame! Why didn’t u do anything about it? Stop this well obama crap already! It’s old!!
really?   You are going g to bring Obama into this rather than take action?
I don't understand. I thought Obama was trying to take away guns?  Now he didn't take enough guns?  The GOP can't get the story straight.
I thought trump was going to undo everything Obama did? Why did he not change this one.?  Do your job Senator let’s not escalate stupidity
Read the second paragraph of the letter he tweeted. Typical Republican deflection to President Obama on display. #youlie
The letter says that the ATF cannot regulate bump stock because they are a fire arm part not a firearm.
And ditto the folks asking what your point is
What is yr point?  I agree w ltr that the bump stock is a part, not a firearm
Stop with the past and focus on the cluster f*^! We have right now
You just don't care about other human beings do you?
Yes, and THIS is your chance to do something and improve on it for the sake of American lives.
John doing what he does best.  Politicizing something so horrendous. Another racist remark by Cornyn.  Blame it on Obama.
When the party of liars and crooks going to be judge ?
Then you and @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr need to stand firm and not give an inch to the grabbers!  Enough retreating!!
Then what’s the big deal then??  The stock doesn’t convert the rifle to FA and doesn’t violate any Fed laws.
Your only consideration is to your oath of office.
ATF promulgated regulation based on *law*. You know this. Stop playing politics - change the *law*.

Who gives a shit? What do YOU say about them NOW? Red Alert- republicans are in charge. Now what?
I am fully fed up with you R's misrepresenting virtually everything you can to make D's look bad.  YOU are the fake news destroying America.
Why don't you fix it now?
A career person at ATF determined it was a "part" and thus unregulated. You're a lawmaker.  Regulate it.  The second amendment calls for it!
What the ATF said is that bump-stocks are not prohibited under current law. So do your job and change the law!
Mentioning "Obama era ATF" bump-stock legality touched a nerve eh? Same era ATF of Fast and Furious, responsible for hundreds of deaths
Yep. I know. Needs clarification from people that write laws. Clearly it doesn’t follow spirit of the law.
Thank you for stating the bleeding obvious. We already know they are legal. Could you make them illegal? Or have you got your NRA orders?
who gives a crap. he isn't prez any longer; a moron is. quit placing blame on others beyon the assailent.
Keep pointing finger. Those chickens will come home to roost one day.
I don't understand your point. The letter says that a bump stock is not a firearm, but is considered a part, and therefore can be regulated.
Just because it didn't fall under those specific acts, doesn't mean it can't be regulated. There's no 2nd Amendment argument for a "part."

It was the individual that chose to kill, not the firearm
Hmmmm, great info. Had he not had the device, would not have made much difference. You can pull the trigger yourself about as fast.
we know that letter of the law stuff man. take a stand and stop blaming others.
What a waste of time with this asshole. If you are against bump stocks, tell us. What the hell does Obama have to do with it? It's 2017.
The Obama ATF that was never allowed a confirmed director, Yeah I remember that.
Wow. Is this really the right time to politicize gun control? Damn Cornyn.
Fuck off, John.  The Dems are pathetic, but the @gop is mean spirited and cruel the
John, let other people uses Twitter, quite monopolizing
We know more now about how these could be used for mass murder. Time to ban them!
Cornyn writes laws requiring a "firearm part" to be deemed legal.  Blames Obama when ATF applies said law.
Cuz he had to apply LAW written by NRA-bought Congress that meant he had to treat it as a gun accessory, not a machine gun in and of itself.
Can we please not play the blame Obama game? What matters now is what action,  or lack thereof, is taken. That's on you and your colleagues
BATF screwed up big time.  Bump stocks clearly designed to get around gun control measure restricting automated weapons.  Ban them now.

FUN FACT: All members of U.S. Congress that oppose "gun-free zones" work in one.
Under current law all is good. Does NFA need an update? Yea.
Don't look back. Do what is right for the future.
OK.  So what is your plan to prevent another mass shooting?
Make bump-sticks illegal then what? Next will be guns etc... be careful, it’s a slippery slope.
Still a coward and suck up JOHN.

If controlling guns doesn't work, think of the money we'll save removing metal detectors from the Capitol and White House!
 #WednesdayWisdom 
That was then, this is now. GET OFF OF THE NRA TIT AND DO YOUR JOB!
Thanks for brief history lesson. Now do something on your watch to address the issue. I am tried of the Obama bashing defense.
Do. Your. Job.
okay, Mr. Cornyn, so you should now be FOR restrictions on bumpstocks, just to stick it to Obama, right? Go for it!
Do you have a point? Do you ever have a point? Are you just trying to "blame" Obama for the Vegas Massacre ? Did the cult come up with this?
So Now you have an opportunity to fix it. Instead of blaming, how about making a positive change instead?
I don't understand. Are you saying you stand by Obama era policies?
Why is the alt-right so obsessed with Obama? So odd!
No compromising with the NRA, sort of like North Korea.
Blame game doesn't help anyone. Do something NOW. No one wants your guns, just get some common sense regulations NOW.
Is there a larger point you are trying to convey other than how to use the bump-stock in this example?
“it’s hard to figure out what kind of law we could pass that would prevent that sort of suicidal and homicidal act.”
Here's a start. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Firearms_Agreement …
#DoingGOPsHomework
If you are going to allow everything that the Obama era government did, can you start with healthcare, and DACA?  Thanks.
You keep calling back to Obama. You have nothing to offer your constituents, do you? I'm tired of your disgraceful representation of TX
Very interesting
When you take money from the NRA & do nothing to prevent gun violence, blood is on your hands.
Did @POTUS44 say it? PAS GUN CONTROL LEGISLATION NOW! #TrumpRussia
So what? Are you using this to justify taking no action now? Don't post stuff like this without explaining why you did it.
NO! You don't get to trow Obama in the mix here! He's not in office anymore! YOU & this admin need to make changes! But you got paid by NRA
What do you say about your out of control Fuhrer, gun control, PR aide, healthcare, tax cuts for the top 1%? Do you think for yourself?
You're awfully old to act this childish. Try being a leader while you still have the chance. 77373
So what else is ATF supposed to say about them?  They are LEGAL and THAT'S THE PROBLEM!!!!!  FIX IT!!!!
Now I get it. Just read @kellyannePoIIs is blaming Obama for not regulating bump stocks.  It's talking point of the day.
This is a time for action now not blame past admin when we look to YOU to take action against bump stocks now. #EndGunViolence
You keep bringing up Obama & democrats. That only make the chasm between parties wider/deeper. Be positive instead. That's what leaders do.
If ATF approved bump-stocks under Obama, why can't they simply prohibit them instead of legislation? @IngrahamAngle @RaymondArroyo @benshapiro @hughhewitt
Since you think obama was wrong about everything in universe why are you offering this? How about do your job
.@JohnCornyn very well, you'll now be added to my daily retweet of video from Las Vegas, please tell me how this style of weapon is needed!
You need to be working real tax reform !  NOW !
Bump stock discussion can take place after you do your job.
Remember repeal & replace ?
BullShit! John. Gotta blame Obama eh? Do you not realize how big of a horse's ass that makes you?
So what's your point? They shouldn't be legal. It doesn't matter what Obama did or did not do. What are you doing about it?
Exactly! Step up and do what’s right
Do you know your party is in power? I mean like total majority.  So this is now on you to fix.
600 people weren’t shot by someone using one of these during the Obama-era.
Fuck this gun-sucking BS.
Who cares? It is past time for YOU to pass effective legislation banning assault weapons in our country!
As if our comments make any difference at all. They don't. They never do.
@AWRHawkins obvious threat frm hotels X venue 22K ppl. Cop Sniper = threat neutralized. Ref. “sniper” in @DHSgov>https://training.fema.gov/emiweb/downloads/is15aspecialeventsplanning-jamanual.pdf … 2/2
@AWRHawkins Ltr resolves bump stock issue. Vegas carnage due to failure of Event Org & @LVMPD to provide Counter Sniper Over-Watch given 1/2
don't give the democrats an inch, because they will take it to the next level
If you can bump fire any semi auto even pistols with just changing your grip of the gun shouldn't all semi autos be banned.
You know he's not president anymore, right??
Sounds like another Obama failure that Trump should address.... will he make them illegal this month? A priority?
If it was a mistake, CHANGE IT.
What does this have to do with anything. This is NOW. Work on NOW. Stop obsessing over the past.
Geez John. Focus on the present.  Plenty plenty to worry about
Just when I thought Corny would do the right thing he goes back to his passive-aggressive blame-game form of "leadership".
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”
Letter simply affirms they aren't illegal. We already f'ing KNOW that. Get to work on legislation that will make this kind of mod illegal.
Seriously who cares? If ATF can't regulate them then congress should. That's YOUR job
Obama is no longer POTUS. What is congress going to do about it now?
You sir have ZERO credibility.
Since it was "Obama era" why didn't you oppose bump stocks?
Now it's Trump era & you're passionately defending them?
Magnificent hypocrite
We've talked about this before, Obama isn't President anymore, the orange ass is. Therefore, you have to stand up & take responsibility.
Doesn’t matter what they said. What do you say right now? They should be make illegal. Now.
We are all paying better attention now. We'll be watching how everyone votes on this. And I promise we'll #RememberInNovember
why is 'the pain capable unborn child protection act' not a near-term priority when repubs control government. when is it a priority?
why is 'the pain capable unborn child protection act' not a near-term priority when repubs control government. when is it a priority?

Democrats are not in power. You are. Are you trying to suggest there is nothing you can do to stop these atrocities?
You REALLY had to reach for that one! And it's a super painful stretch to claim  that "Obama said it." Oh, and are you agreeing with Obama!
I don't care what Obama said. I care what You say, , guns don't kill, people kill. #NoBansOnGuns .
Knock off the “what about” BS and quit making excuses for not taking meaningful action on this problem
History. What are YOU going to do about this?
Regardless of how this remained legal, this should be a no-brainer, non-partisan vote. Represent (all of) the people of TX and not the NRA.
I love how it was sold as a way for disabled people...to shoot.  Neat @NRA
Clearly, it's not for disabled shooters.  It's a way to circumvent the 1986 machine gun ban and should be a felony to possess.
Larger magazines are no longer a state by state choice.  A set limit nationwide is needed to stop this carnage.
If you need more than 10 shots to take out an intruder you are either a criminal..since you need to take out multiple targets i.e. cops or you are
a bad shot and shouldn't have a gun.
600 rounds a minute is not ok or constitutional.
Why are we pointing out a lie when we should be banning the culprit.
Bump stocks and large capacity military style clips need to be relegated to gun ranges only.
You could have work together to ban them if you were against bump stocks. Or you could continue to take NRA $. Which did you do?
So? Get rid of them!
Better question is what do you say? Obama is out of office where you still work for us. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and GOP.
You linked a letter from BATFE. Not exactly what Obama said. Not nice to lie John. Back to basics. Where do you stand on them?
You mentioned you want a hearing. Why. Listen to your state. That is who you work for. Personnaly, no reason to ban them.
Always too early to talk about gun control but never too early to shill for the gun lobby...right Corny?
What are YOU going to do?  nothing as usual.
well here's your chance to do something about it. You and your NRA loving cronies ARE a majority, or did you forget that minor fact.
Sounds like you knew about this but were derelict in your duties to the American people as always.
U need a new line John ...why don’t u just say NRA pays me tons of money and I am their bitch.
You have a full count. Don't like it, change it. Stop your obsession with all things Obama. You & the freak show will never come close.
How does it feel to be a gutless wimp who arms the ignorant to kill innocents/39 guns/ammo to kill 100’s/must be a hobbyist?/we elect fools
STOP with OBAMA this & that - move forward with what is smart,right, sensible & not $$ driven by NRA & campaign donations
@AWRHawkins Dems have made the 2017 Senate Republicans look like feckless fools. GIVE THEM ZERO till ObamaCare Repeal, Abortion, & KILL DACA
I am so tired of politicians that "blame" instead of govern.  Didn't you learn anything from last election?
I don't see anything wrong with the evaluation of the "bump-stock" in this memo. No one foresaw its owner(s) would use it to kill 40 people.
You politicizing this issue will not bring those dead people back. Try doing something productive in the Senate and change the laws.
Also, return the campaign contributions you've received from the NRA. That would show proof to your constituents you don't kowtow to the NRA
You must be so excited to obliterate yet another Obama action. Bully for you. Otherwise, you'd have to come up with fresh ideas & solutions.
@AWRHawkins - RESPECTFULLY - it's WRONG to engage in ANY 2A debate under heat of Vegas. 60-90 day cooling off Follow Trump Lead -NO COMMENT!
With all do respect Senator, that was then this is now.The conversation needs to be revisited & action taken #GunViolence #RespectfulDebate
Shame. You're attempting to mislead those that don't understand how govt works. ATF only enforcing the law as written by Congress.
This is what you were doing to destroy the earth we live on. Thank God the courts had better sense.
So stupid. What matters is now, and what our representatives, lazy clowns in Congress, will do to keep us safe. Use your brains; we pay you
2nd Amendment will not be changed. You cannot regulate hate! Oklahoma bombing! Boston Marathon? America will not be disarmed!
So, it CAN be prohibited, since it ISN'T a weapon, only a non-essential accessory part. Thanks, Senator. We agree.
Obama isn't in office. What are you guys doing now?
John, please stop playing at politics and start engaging in actual public service. If you can't then step aside for someone who will.
This document is solely a reflection of the admins legal authority to regulate these, which is in ur, NOT executive branch's, hands. Grow up
Very childish. It is very clear theyre not approving, rather saying they do not have a legal right to regulate as gun laws stand. Nice try
Who cares? Clearly the ATF made the wrong decision. Do your job and protect the lives of your constituents.
Wow. I came here to congratulate you on being open to bump stock leg. But trying to blame an admin u would have bashed for not banning them?
I don't give a f*%! What was said before by whom. This is the easiest concession, compromise, meet in the middle, subject. Make mods that turn legal guns into illegal autos ILLEGAL. #nothard
Feel free to change the law. America will thank you.
Let's not make any pretense that the gun problem belongs to any other party. Your group is owned by the NRA.
Unfortunately, President Obama is no longer our president. Your Russian asset is sitting in the White House. #GunControl #ITMFA
So if it were 50 killed in 5 min instead of 15 min - would that be over the line?
How many more bodies do you need?
I don't care what any administration said, it's time to do what's right and you already know what that is. So do it! 79370
How about not taking large amounts of money from NRA & turning ur back while people get slaughtered from no gun control ? Disgusting
