？？？
Congratulations for winning the CMA Award for “Song of the Year” for writing the incredibly written hit-song of @littlebigtown, “Better Man”. You just proved that you can excel in writing pop and country music at the same time! Congratulations, Taylor! #CMAAwards
Taylor can excel in any genre
I hope she will write a rock album in future
I bet she will 
Hey #practicemakesperfect  so #practice and stop #worrying #thankmelater here's  $25 just for you yes you FR 

http://MyWeeklyJob.com/?ref=2113 
What happend~
ha ha ha ha peace and love
Yassssss QUEEN
Omg you did it
ILYSM 
love you
Is that Joe's jacket?
https://www.facebook.com/downtowntaxi/posts/911621538992080 …
“You can’t be that surprised all the time”
haha, so cute

Love your music so much Taylor. I'm from China and you have huge fans in there as well. I heard about you since I was in high school and we are the same age. I really admire what you have done so far. My husband is also a musician and he plays the trombone. @JazzTrombonist
SO PROUD OF YOU
@RecordingAcad Better Man deserved Best Country Song award.
wow
Omg even the back of her head is beautiful!
Stop making that surprised face, you look so fake. Yeah, you cant be that surprised all the time.
LOL you looked really confused at the end there. 
      
Love
I love you both
BIG MOOD

calmly sexy
Love Her so much she awesome
I loved this song when I first heard it & then I found out Taylor you wrote it!I love all your music and even when you have just written it, your talent shines through. Thanks for also introducing me to a great US country band (im in the UK) by giving this song to them.
Congrats to y'all!
Yay!!! We LOVE Better Man!! & @littlebigtown congrats!!!!
PLEASE retweet!
Your reaction is pricelesssssss congrats :)
Beautiful song
so cute
You are so cute!!!
G'day well done Tay Luv from Adelaide Australia
U r ridiculous.  Stop acting like urso surprise.  So phony
Yes, she did! So proud of her--country AND pop. Great ballad song.
Her reaction tho she's so calm!
I love all your music and you
YOU ARE  SO CUTE,MY KING  OF  HEART
What I love about this is @taylorswift13 is an amazing vocalist in her own right, she also wrote an amazing song and heard the amazing harmonies that of @littlebigtown on so gave them #betterman! 
Congratulations Taylor and @littlebigtown
New Taylor, is this the antithesis of Old Taylor's surprised look? Adorable.
#EMABiggestFansTaylorSwift
What time is it on? I can never watch SNL on time and you are amazing!!!
Thank you Taylor.  You still have a ton of country music fans. Good luck on SNL. 

Congratulations!
Hey I can tellbya how to fix iPhone from changing letter I to the question mark box. It’s issues with software update. Mine was doing it too
BTW love yalls music!
@jeavenbanay
YOU'RE SO CUTE TAYLOR SWIFTTTT!  I'LL SUPPORT YOU FOREVEEEER! 

Congo  congo congo congo !!!!!!!! @taylorswift13
PLEASE perform at a Super Bowl halftime!! You would kill it!
so cute
Congrats!
Say hi to my friend, Frank Bell!
hhahaha
You heard right girl!!!! Song of the year!
you are so cuteeeee！！！
Have fun! :)
love you
Congrats Tay!  I will always love you...

U amaze me  darling women
Congrats Taylor! I love you so much! BTW, I wrote “Keep Calm And Be A Swiftie” on a sticky note and put it in my locker at school! YOU ARE SO AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!
@taylorswift13 You don’t sing better man tho... @littlebigtown does
And I love you @taylorswift13
i love youu!!

Big freakin deal!!! Give me the Beatles, AC/DC, Van Halen, Zeppelin, and Metallica!!! #nomorepop
Congratulations
Congrats
You r welcome,
Maybe yourz, no?
Robie*
I ran it  jonas beast baby and that loco motherfucka el darrel baby!
I can see your inner troublez it is the walking dead masterpiece.
The pantera shit. Out it goes in a  dark lord of the sidius baby way preciosa.
No the biggest baby, it matters not. It is mofkng relentless. As in dress you up with my love baby, all over your body. Remember that and
Hola la taylor babe, i git the big cousin of that beautiful shirt, slightly more epix cause it is yep..
New surprised look...

也是很可爱了
Hermosaaaa
fake as always
i'm so happy for you taylor! I will always love you
You rock Taylor! !!!!!
Congrats on you big win Wednesday nite! We miss you on country radio but PLEASE keep those awesome songs coming to LBT luv u all!
Congratulations @taylorswift13
Way to go #Congrats to @taylorswift13  and @littlebigtown 
SONG OF THE YEAR
“Better Man”- Little Big Town
Songwriter: Taylor Swift
Label- #CapitolRecords Nashville
Keep writing the hits! We are so proud of you Taylor! @ShinelovesJesus
Country fans love you @taylorswift13
was so excited. Every time I hear this song I picture Taylor singing it.
so you do watch TV Taylor?
love you from the other side of world
Do u think taylor swift took away little big towns moment in the sun
congrats!!
Congratulations, Queen taylor swift
your face is so cute
hi taylor ķeep the music up thou there are some ďifficulties but ķeep it up
why dont you come again in The Philippines? It's So Fun Here!
"You can't possibly be that surprised all the time." Love you Taylor! 
don't be so surprised
I love that song and congratulations @taylorswift13 and @littlebigtown
Please don't suppress your joy for the haters.  Rejoice in your blessings from God and be grounded in that there is no law against that!  Congrats...this was one to really be surprised about, and we muzzled you :(....

Leave our queen alone

𝔯𝔢𝔭𝔲𝔱𝔞𝔱𝔦𝔬𝔫
love youuuuu！
Are you fucking happy with your life? Grow some balls. I hope ur alright I don't mean to be a fucking downer n I'm don't want to get to you so just forget it.  You're famous, whats it like for people to be screaming at you in cars n shit. that shit is fuckin weird.
This it! 
OMG cute reaction...
Wow
Taylor is such an awesome songwriter and artist!!! Come back to country music!!!
thank you Taylor for being such an incredible songwriter!  Better man is my anthem #singleparentfor20yrs
Taylor is sh00K  Congrats on the win though  Swifty foreverrr
Sorry, I can’t come to the phone right now... Why? Oh, because I’m jamming to #reputation @taylorswift13
wow！congratulations
CONGRATS TAYLOR! I WILL BE BUYING THE ALBUM ASAP!!!!!!!
Your reaction congratulations babeeee

#LookWhatYouMadeMeDo
#TaylorSwiftParty
#LookWhatYouMadeMeDo
#TaylorSwiftParty
That show sucks now. Was funny years ago. Look up the Gilda, Dan, John, etc. years.
Hope she disavows the neo-nazis.
but she’s not country anymore..
Not a fan of artists winning awards an not showing up to receive it. There is private jets to pick you up an take you anywhere. Not a good look.
Congrates babe!!!
I like how you’ve completely redesigned your surprised face @taylorswift13
It’s a awesome song, congrats!!
The iOS 11 glitch gets taylor too 
Better LBT sang that song. Too good for your dark days and music.
can’t wait
How in the world can you of Not been there??? In a NY CITY PENTHOUSE?
Ooh Look What You Made Me Do.....suck it Kimyay
Have you been in RI recently?? It’s only 15min from my house!!
Brilliant song. Congratulations!
You can't really be that surprised. 
I was soooooo happy
We'll go down in history for our music. People will sing our songs for decades. Are u ready for it
Yay!!!
@taylorswift13 Congratulations Congratulations and Congratulations. Beautifully done.
yo te amo a vos
haha wtf her rxn 
Thank You Taylor...xo
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10156802862499129&id=692869128 …
http://www.terryleebolton.com 
Congratulations
congrats guys!! 
Love you!
Good news @taylorswift13, Apple released a software update to fix the question mark issue. #ReadyForIt
Congrats, Taylor! 
Only watch SNL when someone I LOVE is on!!!
MUCH SUCESS
Her face  Love her! She doesn't even need to sing country music to win country music awards! 
ya gon’ kill it boo  #dunNdun    #BabyLetTheGamesBegin
Love you sweetie 
Hi!! Baby
Congrats Taylor!!!!! Please come visit me upstate I hope to meet you in person one day I've been a fan since the beginning 
That’s Taylor Swift? Is she?
I love how she’s still surprised even though she’s clearly trained her actual surprise face out of herself  #cantbethatsurprisedalthetime 
Girl, that song gets me every single time! Thank you for writing it!!
@itsnicklmfao omg she's so perfect right

Mazel tov Miss Tay

I forgot to congratulate you on winning the award at the #CMAawards keep on with the music, expecting more from you.
Wow, congratulations!! Wish you could have been there! GREAT song! Love @littlebigtown and CMA's!!
So proud of you, Taylor!  Thrilled you knew which band would bring it home! Congrats, too, LBT!
Taylor thank you for writing a song that help me in such a hard time im my life!!!
Congratulations!!
They did you proud. Just love that group.
U with the kkk or no? The more silent you are the more people are going to say u are with the kkk
DOES ANYONE KNOW HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE ALREADY LINED UP FOR HER SNL PERFORMANCE???????
Very Cool..
