If you believe this jack ass I’ve got a bridge to sell you
He's a traitor.
So effu jack.
Nope. He still sucks
Right...being tentative or skeptical in response to this kind of news would be pure liberal bias!! In fact, Mueller, Stormy, and the mainstream should all apologize to our beloved leader -- or should I say savior? TRUMP SAVED THE WORLD. NO COLLUSION!
The only upstream water is that tRump knows what he is doing u    A-Hole
That is wonderful progress.  But that does not forgive or erase all the Trump, Trump cronies, associates, http://et.al . wrongdoings to this country
It’s a trap it’s a trap.
Did you give Obama and Bush credit when NK made same promises?
When pigs fly
Jack can really attract the lunatics,....they are out again!!!!
How can you blindly back this guy?
Trump has bloviated and pontificated in a incoherent manner ad nauseam. Kind of like your constant stroking of his ego... 
I stopped feeling sorry for you a long time ago Jacko. 
Everything you and the GOP have to endure from your complicit behavior is beyond well deserved.
You really are stupid
Cry me a river! Those who live by the sword die by the sword. Obama had more accomplishments in his first 100 days than Trump in his first 17 mos, still ur party of no carried out a pact made w/ the Devil & each other to make Obama a one term president by obstructing everything
Mission accomplished! Time to spike the football unless you know NK has s history of verbally committing to stopping nuclear weapon production and backing out since the 90’s.
He is being played by NK
trump has nothing to do with it.  The south korean president is the main cause
And maybe he will be impeached. How great would that be.
First - NK never going to give up its nukes!!!! Second - Trump so desperate for a huge win he will sign / justify ANYTHING. As YOU will! Bottom line - NK has already WON!
looks good so far, but NK can easily outlast Trump. pretty simple. What’s he going to do attack them if they don’t agree? Kim Jung Un leader for life. Trump has 2.5 yrs @AC360
Shut up Jack
he doesn't know what he's doing. he only golfs
You are so easily duped. NK lies as much as Don the Con.
I loathe and detest the man but have to take my hat off. Looks promising and I will give him full credit.
You can gloat once the chickens have come home to roost, and we’re far away from that point.
Jack, you need to pick up a book brother.  NK has said this before....
Jack, you say that with the true conviction only conservative values could provide, knowing the number of times you approved of anything President Obama actually accomplished was zero.
How is NK being done with TESTING good for the U.S.? They are not, will not ever, denuclearize. It would be a death sentence for Kim. Just ask Saddam...
trump had nothing to do with this. It was all SK Pres. Moon Jae-in.
Trumpian tweet... just wait
Americans needs a wake up call...This only means North Korea done their testing....They're Locked & loaded... This should keep people awake at night..! Nobody gets away with calling him...ROCKET MAN! Right?
For you Jack....
No jackie..that ain't happening

#dunceKingston you are a quintessential premature ejaculator.
Not gonna happen - others in the region are stepping up, your friend has nothing to do with it #NorthKorea #ForeignPolicy
