U r so fake.
Sounds like "The Donald" to me.
What is “Stupid things that Jack Kingston tweets?”
What do you call what Trump does on a daily basis? Worry about himself and not the good of the country.
Your Kingston Propaganda feels like a cheap yard sale.
Your relevancy is worth 50cents.
Really? Why aren't you more worried about @realDonaldTrump pardoning Scooter?  I would think someone undercover having their cover blown would be more important but not you you huh?  smh #idiots #BlueWave2018
Give it a rest Jack.
TO EVERYBODY READING JACKASS TWEETS!

Jack's tweet is part of a discredit campaing recently planned & rolled our by Trump's bitches and FOX 2 discredit our institutions and protect a corrupt/immoral/court goer business man from NY. 

B objective, don't B blind by trival behavior.
Oh please! Trump has loyalty to himself and not to America. Why don’t you close your “gaping fly catching-mouth”.
wrong again.  You have the IQ of an amoeba.
Good work!
You slimy GOP poopchute.
Have you no dignity?
Like your loyalty to Trump and not country?
Let’s hear what Jack Kingston has to say because he’s really smart. 

Hey @CNN, you should really press @JackKingston on why he was in Russia at the exact same time Carter Page was there announcing Tillerson as tRUmp’s SECSTATE pick to a Russian audience— before tRUmp made the official announcement to Americans. Just sayin’.
heh heh heh ...u make judgements about integrity? heh heh heh. IDIOT
Pretty sure when he wouldn’t agree to pledge loyalty that was loyalty to duty. To you “to country” means “personally to Trump”.
Hey Jack remember the old saying Don’t F**k with the FBI. These Men and Women deserve admiration from every American. You are just a .
Or to tell the people the truth about their presidential.
Trump only cares about himself.
You only know loyalty to trump and party so your opinion is irrelevant.
Trump former campaign chairman: indicted
Trump WH national security adviser: pleads guilty 
Trump former deputy campaign chairman: pleads guilty 
Trump campaign foreign policy adviser: pleads guilty 
Trump personal lawyer and close confidant: under criminal investigation
That makes everything OK?
You’re an idiot!! The way and limits you go to defend the corrupt makes you look guilty too!! #CORRUPTION
And yours to a slime ball calling slime ball
Your master to should remember that.
FU. Your loyalty is religion based. Your God is the Almighty Buck.
You bums thought he was a good director until he refused trumps unlawful act
And maybe the truth.
Truth hurts, huh sport??  Please take your sorry ass to @FoxNews
"Says Who?"

Got new work lined up?
Hey jack. What’s the cost of selling out these days?
