Viscous or vicious?  I see the approval process less gelatinous and more phlegmatic.

It may seem ruthless to you but that’s the result of @realDonaldTrump nominating without vetting and sending Senate committees crap candidates.

#FirePruitt
The GOP controls the Senate! So wtf are you talking about!
Didn’t bother under Obama Jack?
You're not partisan at all.

No. Not at all.
You Fifth Columnist Trumpsters have some nerve.  Where do you have the balls to present this guy without vetting him?  Tester reported what was reported to him by reliable and numerous sources.  Deny/Offended/Reverse Blame, got it.
No it is not . The truth came out. Sorry Jack November is coming. Can you feel the cold breath of impeachment removal and jail for Trump and Pence. GOP never to be in power ever again.
SCOTT PRUITT is a whacko stealing from the tax payers. A fiasco is avoided when the WH does their vetting, them NOT being able to do their job doesn't excuse Pruitt stealing from us. , Jackson wasn't qualified, they have people who cannot obtain sec clearance. THIS IS SO SERIOUS!
People who openly say they have dirt on someone then doesn't say what that dirt is ....He's lying!!!
How about "The Donald" resigns!! Fake president!!! Liar!!! Everything he accuses others of, he himself is guilty of that accusation. Go ahead. Do some fact checking for yourself. True!!
When you talk about fiascos, start with the Drumph Presidency, marble mouth.
What.  The republicans didn’t support the Dr.   u r so full of it. U r unprincipled and so  disingenuous ! Hope ur r judged by ur thoughts!
Scott Pruitt has stolen money from US taxpayers! He is a serial liar just like Don the Con. If any Dem Cabinet member committed one tenth of the crimes that Pruitt has, you would have had them arrested! What s Trump sycophant you are. SAD
Ahh are we hurting the Alt tights feelings 
Is Tester making you and your boss TESTY?
The Senate process is too "viscous"? According to his US NAVY biography Admiral Jackson has never led more than 20 -30 people in his career! That is hardly what we need to manage 350,000 people. IMHO he was  nominated as a stooge so the privatization people could have their way.
Jack.  You sound like a dope and your spelling reinforces that sound!
Lmao
I wonder why he hasn't offered you a position with his circus @JackKingston
Your POTUS doesn’t want to replace Scott Pruitt because they eat out of each other’s pockets..
Jack- their all have issues that prevent them. YOUR FRIEND Trump cant distinguish good from bad because of his own inequities.
Why?
Don't nominate  Idiots.  Stop filling the swamp
So, you think he was a good candidate? Seriously? You really don't care about your credibility? Oh, right, you didn't have any in the first place. What did you like? His lack of experience, or generosity with the drugs? Or perhaps the drunk crash, or the abusive workplace?
Oh yeah that’s a great reason for not replacing a SwampMonster who you would be ranting about if A DEM.
It’s likely all his picks are incompetent #RonJackson #ScottPruitt #idiots @JuddApatow @AlexMLeo
As you are getting older, you'd be wiser. But, this does not apply to you. When will you be able to see right & wrong and values in decency? God gave you 2 eyes, 2 ears & 1 mouth.  There are the reasons for this.
Ya. Scott Pruitt is clean, clean, clean.........clean for a swamp monster that is!!!!!!
I call for Pruitt to go
Jack you Cracker - not only was Jackson utterly unqualified, but the WH hadn't vetted him at all. What do you expect when @realDonaldTrump is in charge? The man is a jackass. #MoronInChief
Then have a clean record and not be swampy
well if you drunks and thieves and corrupt people working there like trump does. Then it doesn't matter. I but the public does not.

You are so full of it! Does your insurance not cover lips from Trump's ass removal surgery?
I hope that new doctor for White House provides medication on overseas flights to wh staff only. Even Wolfe admitted to taking them from the doctor saying they need them.
#Corruption of the worst is no surprise.
#DotardDonnie the demagogue and he foolish cabal deserves punishment of swift justice and that right soon.
Whenever there is any indication of “sources” these press people should be obligated to name them or not release the information.
Really Jackie boy, we have a corrupt WH and Pruitt is a reflection of thAt corruption and Congress is suppose to let that go? WE THE PEOPLE SAY NO!
#dunceKingston that’s a great solution to rampant corruption and cartoonish tax payer dollar waste....it’s too hard let’s just leave the crook Pruitt at EPA , just leave him there stealing our money. You’re corrupt Jack if that’s your position.

Cry me a river snowflake. 
Jon tester calls for trump to resign over his asinine choice for job.
Jack get a life. Regardless of Jackson’s past. He did not qualify even remotely for the job. Few do and have vast more experience. POTUS cannot just pick at will. I guess next up will be his hairdresser.
Plus....Pruitt is doing a spectacular job in reigning in job killing regulations without harming environmental efforts.
Jacko...again with the defending the undefensible..how is the March into hell behind  Trump? You know better
“Viscous”? 
Trumps a handjob and so are you
Hey Jack remember when you said Trump did nothing wrong when asked about his birtherism? Have you found Obama’s birth certificate yet?
You were replaced    and quickly too
“All the best people”. Hahahaha.
With all due respect, get your head out of @realDonaldTrump s ass! Were u raised to tell the truth? Honest to GOD, Reps would support this lying ASSHOLE no matter what! Every time a Rep is CAUGHT being deplorable, its a Dems fault. Take responsibility for your party boys actions.
They all neeed to go
Perhaps the White House could have vetted him first..
Merrick Garland
Defending-Scott-Pruitt-?

Then-you-pay-for-his-Luxary-Rentals-First-class-Flights-Pay-Raises-and-Security-Detail-on-Vacations-and-Trips-to-meet-Oil-and-Energy-Lobbyists.

$45,000-cone-of-silence-phone-system-?

#Laughable

#OilKickBaks

The-5th-Koch-Brother
#EPA
@EPA 
#Kingston
Just let them keep scamming the American people A trillion more a trillion less who cares .... it's only paper Trump know the rules for CHAPTER 11 .....
Maybe the CandyMan shouldn't have been wasted on trips and passing out pills like Skittles. 
Only-the-Best:

Scott-SwapBoy-Pruitt
Dr-Ronnie-CandyMan-Jackson-MD
Steve-KKK-Bannon
Tom-Insider-Trading-Price
Ben-Furniture-Store-Carson
Steve-Robo-Signer-Mnuchin
Betsy-Grizzly-Bear-DeVos
Jared-BackDoor-to-666-5thAv-Financing-Kushner
Rob-WifeBeater-Porter
The-Mooch
Alt-Facts
