Jacky boy , they pay you too Much to be this stupid !!!!!!!!!

I see you changed the subject lol
Don't watch Fox News; then you won't need to disprove stupid...
I see you're still changing the subject lmao
The only evidence I need that white supremacy exists in America is your success.
And your failure is evidence that white supremacy or not, you're a loser lol
Just where do you come up with this crap. Either you were dropped on your head ( not hard to imagine ) or you need psychotropic drugs
When do you plan to address the lawsuit against @realDonaldTrump @POTUS for raping a little girl 4 times with his convicted child sex trafficker co-defendant? @GOP is party of pedophiles: silence much?

Jack, you are the ultimate moron. Smh
I see you couldnt address what he said so you changed the subject lmaoo
Oh, Jack, is carrying Trump's water too much for you?
Yep...he violates every rule of human safety and decency everyday he sits in the WH
My best mate in England was going to send his son over here to study but believes ignorance and stupidity are contagious, ( i.e. @realDonaldTrump , @JackKingston )so young Ian will stay home in merry ole England
What's his alias, Dirk Dickson? Wtf , why does a President use an alias?
What’s your issue with z?
Why do you still continue to share ur thoughts on twitter jack? It’s not like you ever get any positive feedback on any of them. As soon as I saw this particularly useless tweet (even for you Moscow Jack) I couldn’t wait to dive into the ripping comments section.
If you ever care enough to try and understand, lots of us can explain how this man's crap impacts our families.
Jack, none of the chronic Trump mules can stretch credulity as far as you yet with so little effect.

#TrumpIsAMoron
I think you may be taking it out of context, just saying 
Jack.... it's Sunday.  Take the day off.  Your only need to be a Trump culture warrior six days a week. Kimmel and JayZ will still be around on Monday.
He is right. All the racists like you and others that were hiding behind nice smiles and are now liberated and the world know who you are.
