Remember just the other day when @realDonaldTrump said it was hard to watch the Special Olympics.. get f*cked, you defective set of anal beads.
it's all in good fun 

now, do you wanna talk about the treason and the lies, and your business in russia?
Has anyone noted the irrelevance of Mr. Kingston’s tweets? Why do we respond?
Still unemployed jack?
Critical comments or personal attacks from Trump are spun as jokes by Sanders, I guess then jokes directed at Sanders and Trump would somehow be disrespectful!

Hypocrite much
Crocodile tears. When @realDonaldTrump is vulgar you say he’s be “authentic”. You and that other Nixonian McCarthyite @hughhewitt with his false outrage and hypocrisy! @StephenKing @Redpainter1 @anamariecox @JoyAnnReid
Haha!! Weren’t you complaining on CNN a few months ago about how liberals can’t take a joke??? #magacrite
If her boss had guts to attend, she wouldn't have had to shoulder the roasting all by herself.  But that's what it means to be a Trump lackey and loyalist: he expects you to fall on the sword while he remains insulated.  Leadership? Hardly.
Jack, when you have your period and grab an empty box of tampons, you’ll understand why that joke was spot on.
And trump is so complimentary to all
Serious question Jack: Why is it that you have an issue with this kind of thing when our President (yes PRESIDENT) is the most vulgar, lying, mean (and I'll stop there to keep it clean) person there is? Our POTUS has the biggest platform in the world, and uses it for swamp stuff?
I really would like to hear the explanation.  I don't deny that Dems or comedians etc go over the line too, but how do you defend, or not 'call out' the most influential voice there is who does every day, many times, what my mother would have washed my mouth out with soap for!
Michelle is the best! Called those fools out! Lol Trump had a cult or klan rally you decide
Whatever one might think of Michelle Wolf's performance, it's clear that anyone who works for or supports @realDonaldTrump has no basis for complaining about vulgarity or personal insults. Your house is made of very thin glass.
At last night's rally Trump stated "“I’d much rather be in Washington, Mich., than Washington, D.C.”!! 

We all feel the same as we'd much rather you be anyplace other than the White House!
Jack, don’t pretend to be offended. Here is what Trump supporters have to say to you 
At least get thelibe right, you irrelevant twit.
Well @IvankaTrump is useless and that is one way to drive home the point. Walk away Jack.
“--- is as useless as an empty box of tampons.”   Hey that's a great line.
Jack missing the point altogether again. Some where absolutely vulgar. But they were not designed by any party fool. They were designed for her base of followers. Sound familiar.
I think it’s great! @realDonaldTrump hasn’t done a press conference the whole time he’s been in office. He talks at people. This time, people (@michelleisawolf) got to talk at him. We have to deal the administrations disrespect every day. Deal with it, babies!
She was perfect!! Jack, too bad you weren't there too! Would loved to have heard her talk about you!
Awwww. The flame throwers can’t handle a little candlelight.
Birth certificate, where is it? Or were you joking when you said Trump did nothing wrong in questioning Obama’s citizenship?
That was such a thing of sheer beauty to watch.
What is more vulgar than going around the country and say the first black president wasn't born in America? You remember that ? Plus the comedian told the teuth. Sara is a liar.
Get the joke right “she is as helpful to women as an empty box of tampons”. And it’s true.
Jacks a snowflake
She should have been as dignified as @realDonaldTrump always is.
Truth hurts.
