
Wrong!!!!!
Yes, I hope Comes keeps touring too. Well done @JackKingston. Comey does look incredible.
Well, I know someone who will be on the wrong side of history and I’ll give you a clue: look in the mirror you sad little man
#dunceKingston
No matter who is guilty/not guilty you can’t change what trump is. Others guilt or innocence have no bearing on trumps inability to lead and will not matter if Mueller finds evidence of wrong doing. trump is what he is an incompetent president. A whiner. A me monster. #Nevertrump
Jacky, nothing makes your man Donny credible.
Angry, old, white wrinklebag Jacky serves his master #trump.

Stay down, Jacky, it suits you.
Not credible ... incredible !
The only time trump will be credible, will be the time he keeps his mouth shut and doesn't utter a word.
Dear JackKingston has been corrupted and now is a TrumpBastardDog in the TrumpKennel
poor Jack, still trying to be relevant.

Comey for president!
Cracker Jack was Comey born in Kenya? Can't trust them you know.

 I know his  5 kids with 3 baby mamas and serial adultery is a sign of his character..oh wait that's the other guy.
I believe you might want to focus on Mueller. 

Cracker Jack how come the Republicans appointed Mueller and Hillary isn't locked up? Is is the big bad Deep State or just reality.....which story will we run with today. 

I want more Uranium.
NO JACK, the POTUS NEVER LOOKS CREDIBLE! Doesn't matter what Comey says or does. Trump told us why he fired Comey...he could have taken his time and investigated and perhaps come up with a credible reason.....but that is not what he did.
Hey Jack, are you drunk?
Trump can never claim credibility, he doesn’t know the definition of the word.
Trump has no credibily and either do you
B...,Please!  Still carrying water for the imp from hell.  How much did your soul cost? Did you have one?
Oh, Jack! Time for you to take your meds!
Jack, I hope your account has been hacked.  You must not have taken your medications.
Yeah, no
#dunceKngston I know the book is not yet out in Russian but I’ve read it. You are pissing in the wind.  tRUmp has no credibility in the educated population.

who is "we"?

Because most Americans find Trump, a wannabe dictator, sexual predator who pays off porn stars, a man so ill-informed about the nature of his office, so self-destructive & so brazen in his abusive attacks on the courts, the press, & Congress, NOT credible
We also hope Trump continue to have his meltdowns on FOX. That helps the lies Coney is telling.
Yes I hope trump keeps talking. 
The more you hear Comey?  There is nothing on this earth that can make Trump sound credible. Only to your laughing stock ears.
Trump will never look credible. He lies more than Comey and is morally unfit for office. Of course Jack you are a poor judge of character.  Did you tell Paul Ryan to fire the priest?
LOCK HI UP!!!!!!! #MAGA
How come he’s not already in jail by now??? Fire Jiff Seasons!!!
I caint beleive that Trump has’nt say YOUR FIRED! to him yet!!!!
Sorry, "credible" and "Trump" will NEVER go together in the same sentence.
Thankfully there are a few real journalists remaining... and Andrew McCarthy is one of the very best.
Umm...no.
Don't see how this article you're tweeting makes Trump seem credible. 

Trump says Comey leaked classified info - article says Comey did not. 

Trump says Comey committed a crime - article says Comey did not. 

These aren't minor points. 

???
Trump will never be credible and if you keep supporting him you won't be either.
Think that ship has sailed...Jack not credible
Jack Kingston is a comedian!!  Everything out of his mouth is hysterical!
Bahahahaha- trump and credible have no business being in the same sentence unless it goes something like this- Nothing Trump says is creditable!
Let’s hope Trump continues to incriminate himself on F&F
Trump has zero credibility
You ever find that credible source for Obama’s real birth certificate, Jack?
his book is selling very well , Jacky !
Surpassing Wolff ! Truth be told Wolff's publication was limited !
I almost liked because I read that the other way around. 
#TrumpLies and you sir, are on the #WrongSideofHistory
His memo's reek of bias and fake entries. Especially the part about the Russian women. That gave away that his memos are fake.
This is why you were not re-elected. #dumb
The “more” credible? You are talking about the POTUS!  This may be your new normal but the people of the United States aren’t with you.

So now you are a comedy writer?
You’re joking obviously.  Comets story has been consistent from day one and he’s gone under oath. Idiot trump’s story changes daily.
Go live in Russia TRAITOR

Let's hope you keep getting recorded on your trips to Russia...
Jack, "credible" and Trump are 2 words that make an oxymoron. Kind of like Jack and logical!


Says the dishonorable Jack Kingston.
Hahahaha.
