Just because you tell the truth, doesn't mean you should give your money away.
Why don’t you crawl back in the hole from which you have slithered.
Jack, your premise is ridiculous.
If Trump was so worried about the TRUTH he would release his tax returns, stop attacking the FBI, and allow the Mueller investigation to continue without his constant attacks &LIES!! Trump's attacks on Judge Curiel were a warning to America about Trump's views on Rule of Law.
Jacky, why doesn’t your billionaire god Donny donate to charity???  #lockhimup
He already does...
Why the he'll your not in WHY? Maybe trump don't like you as much as you think
would you?
Your a putz Jack.
Jack Kingston is nuts
Jack, please just shut the....off. Stop being a waiter for the GOP. Always taking orders from them in the morning.
Here weez goes agains.. we loooooooove makin up stories bout conspiracies. Maybe if weez lie enough mr trump’ll liiiiiiiiike uuuussss .. oh please mr trump.. liiiiiike us!!!
Lol, because we live in a capitalist country perhaps? The American Way. How much of your earnings do you donate To charity Jack?
Remember Trump has a fake charity which he regularly steals from
Did Donald Trump give anybody anything, except the $25 million the courts made him pay for a fake university.
How about if you take your hand out of another man's pocket & put it in your own pocket & either return or donate to charity the dirty pac money you've gotten for defending the traitor Comey & Putin helped elect president???
I would ask you the Same Jack ..... all this money you are making for alt right zealots.. you should kick some back to a charity other than the ones you currently believe in
One thing that Comey said that you believe is a lie. Go.
TRUTH?!  Remember when I attacked that teenager? I dun accused em of being part of a big ol left wing conspiracy.. now that be lookin out fer merica .. y’all don’t luv merica. Till y’all attack a little boy like I did..  (don’t it seem like I like little boys?)
He honorable not stupid. JACK!
Love James. Believe every word he says. Unlike that lying President.

Oh, puh-leeze..........you wouldn't give a dime to charity, either, you putz!  You're digging into the bottom of the barrel for insults, aren't you?  LOLOLOL
Why don’t you give what little $$ you have to charity and while you’re at it...GO JUMP IM THE MUD ?
You have got to be the most senseless voice of reason EVER ! 
You DEFINITELY should've put "reason" in quotes 
Yeah, like the Trumps?
Wow. That’s an idiotic take. Does every book writer have to donate their payments to prove they love America? Did Trump donate the proceeds of his book?
Do you think he is as dumb as you Jack?
Im Sure you wood. U phoney!
He’s making millions in profit?! AND he’s not donating it all to charity? How do you know all this?! You have some kind of a crystal ball?
1) he hasn’t quite gotten his millions but further more why hasn’t the unethical mentally incompetent Trump donate his millions? Show his taxes! Stop with your tweets unless is factual!
You first Jack. While your at it give up your Congressional Retirement to charity too.
He lost his job in the @realDonaldTrump BAD economy 
He’s already wealthy
He may. Why don't you give the illegal money you receive to charity..
Haha-why doesn’t Trump show us his tax returns?
Jack that simple, he doesn't have a job you kno Remember the man you worship  Fired him because he wouldn't pledge allegiance to trump over the country
Why should he? You must be worried about ALL the profit he'll make!
Vwhy doesn't Trump show his taxes so we can see how much he gave to Charities?  Why do you want a man to give away his prime income source?
You need to shut up.. you talk out of your a$$hole. Do you work for FREE????
As soon as you donate your salary
WOW you are so clever! I knew it!  
As I’m sure you do as well?
Because the secret society of Unicorns United prohibit the reallocation of profits given to charities derived from book sales.  Everyone knows that silly guy!
Yes please tell us all about the moral high road jackass
Why do you take a salary?
That's all ya got?
SMH
Is that proof for love of country? If so why don’t you start by applying the same test to the billionaires who control much of the country’s wealth and stand to benefit more from the tax ‘reform’? Or are you baiting him?
OMG, listening to you defend #Trump on #CNN tonight was painful.  You and #JasonMiller embarrass yourselves and loose all credibility by denying what is staring you right in the face. #Comey #Stephanopoulos
you first
How do you know he isn’t?
seriously Jack why were you in Russia during the campaign?
Now you’re really reaching ? You’re quite invisible

Jack the gnat, annoying but inconsequential, interviewing for a job he will never get from #LiarInChief. Dust your knees off and go home. #TrumpLiesMatter and you know it. @SethMacFarlane
thats not the point,BOTTOM LINE HEBIS A REPUBLICAN,who swayed the win...TILT,FOUL,WRONG,-cause & effect From this is MONUMENTAL...and HE IS STILL being VINDICTIVE...this book is a perfect eg of COMEYS VINDICTIVENESS,and pwerr tripper EGO..so FUQQED UP,for HILLARY..
Two wrongs does not make a right Mr @JackKingston.
Because-a-Fat-Orange-Russian-Guy-who-likes-Hookers-fired-him

Urine-the-Money
He-lost-his-Job
LISTEN LOSER,  can you give all your #TaxScamBill revenues to the poor? Hmmm
Please clarify that for his Jack. How does one have anything to do with the other? Or are you just flinging feces from the monkey cage?
Why the hell should he?
How was that meeting in Russia Jack?
Maybe because Trump Fired him, he no longer have benefits, he has to feed his family, Paul Ryan set for life, Koch Brothers paid himto pass the Wealthiest Tax Bill in History.
Trump ripped off students to the time of $175m and “settled” for 25m. In other words, he profited from ripping people off. I don’t care if Comey makes millions. Let him. You fraud.
Your logic is absolutely laughable. You are a JOKE.
Why don’t YOu give your salary to charity?

Same reason dude.
Why doesn’t trump release his taxes as promised?

Huh? This is what we call grasping for straws.
Jack drop Kingston. It is Jack Ass.
Hey, Comey needs to make a living.. remember, Jack.. he got fired...by your buddy..
Comey proves you can tell the truth and make money. 
Trump has proven you can lie and make money.
Calm yourself down now Jack
You’re so jealous.  Are you poor?  @thehill @CNN
#Comeyinterview Jack Kingston is so jealous of everyone...even school children...do you need some of Comey’s money?
That's  irrelevant jack , but he is telling the truth not like your man moron in chief who does not know what the truth is
Jack jack jack it’s time you seek some therapy.  I’m worried about you.
Why CNN has him on. He needs to go to FOX. When he speaks, I mute the TV, like I do when @realDonaldTrump speaks. Someone should maybe check out @JackKingston He like Trumps lawyer is always kissing Trumps ass.
#dunceKingston why don't you donate your Rubles to Putin and his Oligarch crime families? Should I say it in Russian so you understand?
Maybe because he is a public servant who wasn’t a spoiled billionaire like Trump. Trump has never given anything away out of the goodness of his heart. At the end of this Trump will walk out naked and exposed to his core.
But, thanks to Trump he doesn't have an income. How do you know he won't donate anyway. Did you ask him?
You're such a good boy, Jack...three tweets in a row about Comey---what does that get you from the Cheeto-in-Chief?
Dumb talk!!!
Seems all Trump's people watched Mr. Comey's Interview.. talking about it helps the sale of his Book... Thanks !
@JackKingston you lost all credibility in Dec. 2016 when you went to Russia to Lobby Russian businessmen on #Trump's behalf.  https://bit.ly/2EO0gux 
Oh, Jack! Your STUPID is showing!!!
Why should he? He doesn’t have a job and his book is making money.
He’s unemployed he might need the money.
n be broke like u Kingston ..... u make a book will sell 5 books ....
Lol why isn’t he allowed to earn a living and how come your not on cnn defending the lying demented don
@realDonaldTrump is “MORALLY UNFIT TO BE PRESIDENT” - @JamesComeyFBI #ComeyIsAPatriot #TheResistance2018 RETWEET IF YOU AGREE WITH COMEY!
Would you? Don't say you would because we know you wouldn't. Tell us about that trip to Russia you made for @realDonaldTrump though.........
Why don’t you take the cloth and serve in a leper colony, Jack?
Why doesn't Trump quit flying to FL/NJ every weekend and use the money saved to help those less fortunate?
Says the guy who is paid to speak on TV
donate your blood money to charity?
I don't know Jack, but I preordered a book. Some lite reading before bed, you know.
Lolololololol this is your response? #pathetic
Weak Jack...
trump is toast
