Jack Women were Tampons when menstruating @PressSec probably not paid enough by Trump; her clothes fit bad, she looks misserable maybe should go back to shavel manure http://shop.michelleisawolf.com/  You Hillarous 
#TheResistance #Canada loves you Michelle.
2018 is looking great and 2020 will complete the sea change from the disaster that has been Trump & a GOP congress. Even the Trumpsters will grow tired of the corruption & every day lies. As for NK, KIM s already the winner, will never give up its nukes & Trump's a fool!

Cracker Jack whines again.
She may have been out if mine, but that doesn’t make Trump a good president. He’s way too full of himself. He only cares about himself.
Just proving more and more that you're a sycophant!
Remember that joke you told about Obama’s citizenship? You are so funny! Where’s the birth certificate?
Awww, the President was always so kind   Even calling Ted Cruz’s father as assassin was meant in good spirit.  THIS;
2020 is looking better, as Don will be out of office...cue the banjo Jackass!!...
Yes thank God! @realDonaldTrump will be impeached
Why don't you talk about all the disgusting things the liar in chief says?  Oh wait, you are ok with lowering the bar to the sewer for him.
Not if you read @realDonaldTrump twitter and listen to all his speeches and all the people he bashed, made fun of, called names etc.
She didn't make fun of Hukeebeast's looks! IDIOT!
Because they are wussies! SNOW FLAKES ALL!
1)  Michelle didn't make fun of Sarah Sanders looks.  If you are saying that then you don't understand what she said.  Sad.
2)  Michelle didn't make fun/mock a disabled reporter like someone else I know did.  His name rhymes with Drumpf.
#awkward. Its an (faux)outrage when Wolf makes abortion jokes. But when Trump makes one re: his own daughter he’s not held to account he’s elected  #pearlclutchinghypocrites
Psssssttt...Mueller doesn’t care about any of that.

you are funny. Trump’s speech was almost a farewell address. He’s so pitiful
Are you saying Trump is a comedian? I agree! And SHS is no saint and her looks were not made fun of, only her lies. Please do not forget, Trump also threatened a US Senator last night. He is the vulgar one.

Jack stop whining about the jab looks of sarah.  Are you not paying attention to your POTUS 45 who constantly attacks people by the way they look?  He leads the way!  This time, a woman is attacking and it's pretty funny!  lol
Stay home hickabilly 
Maybe it was only you and two other people...
Any jokes on the presidents expense I'm laughing!!!
GTFOOH. Trump was spewing crap at racists.
2020
He’ll be fucking gone by next year! Impeachment is coming!
She’s a f**king comedian, he is the President. FFS Jack this isn’t hard.

You dumb Kingston Propaganda. 

What else did the #dotard say?
"Dishonest people"...journalists.
Insisting himself into the DOJ. 
Empty threats of a sitting Senator.
Lies.
etc...
And in #Russia 12/16 Comrade Jack Kingston talks to "businessmen."
Everytime you mention Michelle Wolf's name her bank account goes cha ching, cha ching, and your reputation gets worse as a hypocrite.

You're absolutely right.
Trump pandered for adulation and funds to the misguided and painfully unobservant while Michelle Wolf pointed out the many flaws we have in our country that allowed someone as dangerously unqualified as Trump to rise to prominence.
Dude it was just a locker room talk. Don't be snowflake.
#dunceKingston you clearly didn’t listen to either tRUmp or Michelle. Michelle spoke truth to power about endless lies about all things small and large. tRUmp told lies about all things big and small. Should we say it in Russian?
