Comey interview full of truth ! I’d take Comey over trumps lying cheating a$$ any day !!
As would most Americans according to polling.
You would defend Trump no matter what he does.
Nothing you say is credible 
Because Trump is paying him. I hope @cnn " discard " @JackKingston from their platforms.
@cnn DEMONSTRABLE nonsense. FISA crap debunked, Lynch meeting a zero; no leaking, testimony fine, FBI non-partisan, EVEN CHERRY-PICKED from among variety of Strzok & Page texts mean nothing about their work & they were let go for optics anyway, & McCabe likewise was doing job.
I thought it was so fantastic. He is right. Trump is morally unfit to hold that office.
There was no FISA court deception, and you should know it by now, just in case you really still do not understand, let Jim try:
Comey just blew up GOP & Trump case that Russia investigation started with Steele dossier. He confirms probe began with Papadopoulos conversation with Australian Ambassador.
Jack, you might be more effective on Russian TV.
Great interview. It made Trump look horrible.
Please @CNN don't pay @JackKingston jack,unless they would work for #ThugInChief freely.
Did you watch it he clearly indicated #lynch tarmac conversion with @BillClinton made him feel uneasy @comey Clearly admitted to leaking unclassified information and explained why he did it. To me it was pretty clear the guy is not partisan.
too bad Trump is under criminal investigation not him. Not Hillary either. it’s all just too fucking bad uh Jack! 
Similar to @seanhannity interviewing President Trump?
Your desperation is showing, Jack.
Wouldn't one think Bill Clinton would have been smart enough to find a better place than an airport to discuss anything fishy?
Fisa was legally and with profound evidence allowed. Wtf? @CNN @CNNPolitics Why do you bring back this loser..??? I thought we were DONE WITH LIES AND THIS PEOPLE YOU'RE PAYING DO NOT REPRESENT MY LOVELY TRUTHFUL @CNN
And more OIG to come! Plus DOJ prosecutor.
You are so much more dumb than originally thought!
@seanhannity is caught up in this Cohen raid circus!!!!

Post Truth / Ethical world.

Another
Debasing of this country.

@FoxNews Sham!
Comey is correct. Trump lies about things big and small. He treats Women like a piece of meat. Jack---you can't deny those statements and retain any integrity whatsoever
Are you actively trying to send more tweets than your master.
Jack you would make a better flotus than Melania.
Oh. Do you mean the same kind of "softballs" that Trump gets when on FOX "New"?

Are those what you mean?
Jack you have no balls.
Blah...Blah... Blah
Hey Jack, the interview was also full of lies Your president keeps telling the American public.  The 45th is unfit to be president..if you can see that, something is terribly wrong with your judgment!
Moscow’s Man KKK Kingston
It was not meant to be an interview , just a promotion for his book.
Jack why were you in Russia during the campaign?
Go to bed old man.
