Hey @CNN, look at what this nitwit stirs up, an article older than the hills.  And this is a resource that you chose to put in the air.  

He is as revelanf as this article and just a nuisance for your audience.
Wow .... they returned it ...

Ben Carson.. 
33,000 for 1 pierce of furniture? 

Ryan Zenke..
139,000 for "SPECIAL" doors

Tom Price..
400,000 for chartered planes & vacations

Scott Pruitt..
$36,068.50 for him & staffers rushed on military jet to N.Y. to catch a flight to Rome.
wow Jack 16 yr old article... I can't wait till you are charged with TREASON and sent to federal prison....see below
Jack is a petty little Trump monkey. I can't even imagine how hecwas elected to congress. He belongs on Fox. He has chased Hillary for over 20 years with his lies and pettiness.
Almost the cost of a Zinke door.
You are retweeting an article that is 17 YEARS OLD.

If that article were a US citizen, it could vote in the 2020 election. 
Hey Jack, do you think being a Trump lapdog will pay off? Look in the mirror and say " I dug up and shared a story from TWO THOUSAND AND TWO in a pathetic attempt to divert attention from the absolute shitshow happening now SIXTEEN YEARS LATER".
“The property is being returned to government custody until such time that the issues can be resolved. It may well turn out that that property is rightly the personal property of the Clintons.”
Vote this  out!!
Even praising a wife beater is #gop safe.

Even a long list of sexual assault allegations are #gop safe.

Even supporting a child molester is #gop safe.

Buckle up, #gop #maga girls. Jack and #trump demand to define safety for #gop girls.
Pathetic
Talk about stealing. That lying Slithering COBRA has stolen our democracy. It will take years to make America great again..
.
Your picture is more recent than this "article". Shame on you. Nah. Just go away, far, far away.
Oh, Jack.  You're diggin' deep.
Um, 2001 called. It wants its headline back. Also, it says you need to move on and stop calling.
Our country isn't *safe* in the hands of the current occupant. At least the Clintons paid for or returned the furniture. When will our country be returned? #oldnews #diversion #sycophant #TrumpCrimeFamily #corruptPOTUS
Hey Jack go find something on Obama’s or Clinton to deflect from this.
