"Democrats have no one to attack" is the most mind-blowingly stupid and obviously false take you could have come up with.
Oh! I know! I know who they could attack!
There's always Mitch.
Such an easy target!

Opp! That ratio has got to hurt.
Need a bandaid for these burns?
Do you have to have a minder to ensure that you keep breathing?  Your brain is obviously very broken.  (Hint:  We are going to run against Trump and his toadies, and you're one of the toadies.)
"no one to attack." Yeah, because this midterm was always going to be a referendum on Resignin' Ryan. Bless your heart.
Lmfao that GIF never gets old  he’s such a frickn weirdo
Smart guy, he's trying to escape that slithering COBRA..
Are you high Clarice?

I honestly cannot believe that you get paid to share your opinions with the world.
I’m so impressed with Jack’s dumbness.
Kingston would have had a better career with Ringling Brothers, he certainly is showing he had the talent to fit in there.
Remarkably terrible argument.
Ok.  So I have to defend Pelosi, a glorified moderate made out to be the Boogiewoman by the right whenever you need a villian to show off to your minions.  Is there something here I'm actually supposed to apologize for, Jack?
Not one Dem is perplexed, NOT ONE, nor America. Ryan resigned because he LIKE MANY REPUBS HAVE A SNOWBALLS CHANCE IN HELL COME NOVEMBER..YOU KNOW IT TOO  @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer
@robreiner @carlreiner @MariaTCardona @SymoneDSanders @TaraSetmayer
Bless your heart.  We're not perplexed, we're fired up.  You might want to slither back into your cave.
One of the worst ratios I've seen.
You should see it NOW 
I have a medical question for you. Now, I'm aware you might not be able to answer, but please try. How do you manage to stand upright and breathe at the same time!? I'm guessing you've got a second brain somewhere, south of your spine perhaps!?
Jack, step away from the crack pipe. Ryan's just one part of the axis of ineptitude.
hahahahahahahahaha
At least she's not a quitter. 

She's especially not a quitter that burdened the middle class with outrageous debt while retiring after 19 years with a cushy pension and gold plated health-care plan. After, you know, handing the USA to kleptocrats. 

So....
With all due respect sir, @SpeakerRyan is not leaving until next year, so there's still plenty of time to attack him.
Who, exactly, is perplexed?  Names, please.
I’ll take Pelosi any day over the Speakers from your Caucas..she can govern and rally her Caucas, and raise five kids...She doesn’t defend Pedophiles, or the “text book definition of racism”... She also doesn’t think a tax break that gives millions to billionaires while throwing
away a tax deduction for an underpaid Teacher who has to buy supplies for her students and class room is worth blowing up the deficit....Please proceed with attacking HER. Just a reminder..
Boehner is selling marijuana 
Hastert just finished jail
Delay was charged w/corruption
Newt is at the Vatican w/his 3rd wife...
POTUS is being sued by a Porn Star
Pruitt can’t even keep up his $50 a night rent Payment to his lobbyist friends, and he gave his buddies a 57k raise.
All you have is Pelosi is from San Francisco..an American city.
Beeeeautiful tweets. So on point! #FlipItBlue #BlueTsunami
These tweets are also ridiculously under-appreciated. They deserve a round of applause

Are you really this stupid???????
This is an absurdly stupid thing to say. Stop worrying about Pelosi & take a long, hard look at the corrupt, racist, treasonous imbecile that leads your spineless, amoral party.
I means Dems has been winning seats for the past weeks it sure hell aint look like Nancy is the problem for Democrats , dumbass Kingston needs to check his house
His glass house!
Right
No one's more sadly perplexed about it than @realDonaldTrump !
#PistonJob #Teabagging #DirtySanchez #ByeByeRyRy #Kleenex

Plenty of villains left in the house to go after.  Looking at you @DevinNunes.
Amen! We all need to start giving the heat to Nunes. We haven’t given him enough shit. I HATE HATE Nunes and McConnell so much
Here for the ratio and the historic stupidity
We have a lot of people to attack politically- like every single republican up for re-election -or trump or pence. Do you think Ryan is the only problem? And if so, wtf are you thinking?
Please get off of television and spend time with your family. Jack Kingston please ?
LOL! The only perplexity arises from having to decide WHO to attack. So many valid options. Talk about a target-rich environment.
I can’t believe 17 people liked this tweet because it’s so deeply stupid.
It’s up to 30. Must have called in the cousins.
AKA their wives.
I’m sure his barber is on board.
Yeah, I don't think you know what you're trying to talk about. That ratio though!
The more perplexing thing to me is why you are apparently unable to find another way to earn a living besides  serving as a paid stooge for Trump & his “Republican” pals & making such stupid (and too often untrue) statments that only make you look foolish.  Have you no shame?
Yeah who in the world will we attack now
Jack Kingston is an IDIOT!
I wasn’t exactly sure what an idiot was so I looked it up in the dictionary and there is was, a picture of @JackKingston
Yeah. I guess we can all exhale and get back to our lives. So glad that this guy, whoever he is, figured this out!  #RESIGN #WorstPresidentEver
@JackKingston, amazing spin on this one.

If we unilaterally surrender, Democrats have no one left to attack. Beat that, libs.
#3Dchess
They are going to beat you...like a drum! I expect the beating to take place sometime around early November. Don’t forget to register to waste your vote.
He was being facetious.
Thank you.
I'm very sad to see him go....and hope someday he returns to a more sane environment in which to serve.  He's very talented.  I recall when he work with Jack Kemp.  The kind of experiences he has earned, no one can replicate.
Another gem from the man who launched a thousand yawns. #StealingMoney
Jack, you look like a nice person. It must just eat away at you each day to have to defend the President. Dems don’t attack Paul Ryan. They actually feel for him and cheer his decision to spend time with family. #BlueTsunami
No, Boo Boo. The beat goes on starting with Donald Duck , McConnell, and Pence is the sleeper meaning that as soon as he takes the oath of office he will be next on the list of people to impeach and REMOVE. President Pelosi!!!!
You are such an insufferable idiot.  Could you possibly just shut the fuck up?
Keep dividing the parties, Jack. Keep sowing the distrust and hatred, that should really propel us toward amicable, country first attitudes. Great job, Jack.
Ryan is a wuss who leaves us with a huge debt but there are plenty of other GOP sellouts to laugh at when he is gone.
Way to ignore the 300lb orange elephant in the room
I do not consider speaking truth about Republicans "attacking" them. It may appear that way because they are such a collosal crap show, supporting a traitorous criminal, but the things that made @SpeakerRyan so odious make almost every other Republican equally or more despicable
Defend her against what?
Ohhh right defend her against be a woman with an opinion...
No one to attack? How about POTUS, GOP SENATE, GOP HOUSE? They rose and will fall together!
You’re funny.
WTF?
I felt my intelligence level drop after reading this nonsense.
Wow, the ratio on this is AMAZING. 1.4k comments... and 48 likes. Beautiful. It deserves to go down in history as one of the most stupid braindead asinine tweets ever posted on Twitter. I'm almost impressed.
Jack, we hate the entire GOP, we will continue to attack you criminals, until you are all out of office. Ms. Pelosi is 1000 times the human you and your ilk will ever be. She is a warrior for the middle class, and should get her due for passing legislation helping us.
Jack Kingston, Ladies & Gents. Proving even dimly lit bulbs can last longer than you think.
What an incredibly stupid thing to say.


Go away nut job whore



Your take stinks

Well there's Donald Trump and Mike Pence and Mitch McConnell and Devin Nunes and Rick Scott and the Keebler Elf and Steve King and Orrin Hatch and John Cornyn and Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz and Chuck Grassley and Rand Paul and Dean Heller and Richard Burr and Darrell Issa and Trey




You are ridiculous. Trump, McConnell, and virtually all of the GOP have been complicit in covering for Trump/Russia and we are going to vote them out in the midterms.


Ouch. Getting ratioed pretty hard.





B*tch please. No one to attack??
Yeah, right
You're dumber than I thought.
That's really stupid. Like Ryan is the only low-hanging fruit in the GOP. So many targets. You are stupid, @JackKingston.
Should I make you a list???
What about the actual Nazi who is the Republican candidate that wants to take his place? There’s no shortage of Republicans to rightfully attack.
You’re not alone. I often confuse joy and celebration with perplexity. Happens to the best of us.
My god, the ratio on this tweet.
You’re just a parcel of messed-up thinking, aren’t you?  I’m not sure defending Pelosi is as hard as you think.
Defend the most effective Speaker of modern time? Oh, Br’er Jack, PLEASE don’t throw me in that briar patch!
Does it hurt to be that dumb? How are you able to find your way around?
Jacko...again?  With the funny talk...Ryan was the only decent GOP MEMBER to do the right thing
Today’s stupid take from Jack Kingston. The only thing perplexing is how you ever got elected to Congress. No, wait, make that two things. Why anyone would listen to anything you say.
Did you bump your head? You say and write the most ridiculous things, but this takes the cake.
Got here as soon as I heard, Jack! Hey, I'm still in time to help the ratio.
I think I know which Republican to attack you idiot.
We’ll figure it out there, Sparky.  BTW - you couldn’t carry Nancy’s jockstrap.
You're the reason I stopped watching CNN. Got tired of watchimg @ananavarro beating you bloody.
lol
Nah there are plenty of your corrupt kin to attack there boyo. You blindly defend all their garbage like a good toady... to the point I just mute you.
If by attack you mean challenge on policy and actions then there are plenty more out there to be pulled up on their corrupt ways.
 (Love your work on the news panels btw. Your comic denials and spin really lighten the mood between impending war and embarrassing policy attempts)
ahahahahahahahhahahahahahahaha. PLEASE believe this...oh please, please, please, please because if can think of one fat orange turd who provides a ton of ammunition daily
Thats bullcrap. Ryan hasn't even been an issue in any of the special elections. 2018 will be a bullseye on Trump and to put a check on him.
Luckily for Dems Mitch McConnell and Donaly Trump are still shitty people.
Yeah Jack, Ryan was a total victim in his years in politics.....just can’t.
No, we aren’t ‘perplexed’, as I’m sure you all are!








“Hey Jack, Trump just dropped trou on the South Lawn, if you hurry you can get there while it’s still steaming!” Jack:
Jack, Dems upset at Ryan retirement b/c "they have no one to attack"? You ever heard of Trump? 

How can someone so stupid & wrong get on TV so much? @jackingston
HOLY HELL WHAT A RATIO
um, trump exists....................?
What?  You hit all the biz words but didn’t put a cohesive thought together.
I'm not worried about defending Congresswoman Pelosi -- and I'm from Wisconsin,, just north of Ryan-land.
Welp, here it is folks: the moment where Jack Kingston out-Jack Kinstoned Jack Kingston.  This is an unbelievably stupid take, even by Jack Kingston standards.
Omigod without Ryan, who will I attack? Every other Republican is an avatar of ethical behavior, faultless and pure, generous and kind. Come back, Paul Ryan, come back!
Geez, I mean the rest of the @GOP had absolutely nothing to do with the ruinous #TaxScam that was passed, racking up a country destroying deficit, and have all spoken out against the Mob Boss that occupies the Whitehouse.

 My teenage son wants to know why you and your party are such bad liars.
Dems aren't perplexed. Were pissed because Ryan was going to take resounding defeat in Nov! But he's a coward, and thin skinned and shill, that has time after time sold out the American people in favor of the kock brothers selfish agenda. Party/country personified
Stop drinking so much vodka
Hahahahaha! Someone’s trying to shine a turd. Guess some people believe them Fox News viewers will believe anything. @cnn @msnbc @maddow
Dung and dunger
Your idiotic explanations perplex me. How many knots can you tie yourself into? Why does CNN pay you when a 4 year old can provide better lies at a MUCH smaller cost?
I think your random sentence generator is broke, Jack. Maybe turn down the whataboutism threshold and set the native language settings back to English.
You say a lot of crazy stuff. I think the Dems have enough to attack in the White House. Not so perplexing. The issue of Pelosi will be interesting to see play out.
I call BS butt kisser the Democrats have the whole damn republican party to run against in fact there will so many they can run against a different one every day. Trump will be the one to bring them all down even the governors and state legistrators.
How do you walk and breathe at the same time?
You're babbling. They'll always have Trump.
Christ you’re an empty head.

They can attack dipshits like you!
Just a little head's up there, Jack. Lyin' Ryan's retirement was the worst kept secret on The Hill. Maybe he should have followed Mueller's style.
If you have to have a problem, that’s a good one to have. Also, good of you to recognize publicly that Ryan’s rolling over for Trump, failure to defend the rule of law, and the #GOPTaxScam was an albatross for @GOP.
Lol what
Not perplexing to me at all
Your ignorance is staggering. Democrats don't need Paul Ryan to run against. The GOP whole hog loved his policies of moving the cost of government from the wealthy to the poor. They can still run against that. And then there's the blowhard-in-chief they can use as well.
We have plenty of Republicans to attack since most of them always manage to do the wrong thing.
Cool ok, now do that with Trump then.
Now if only president Putin appeaser trump would quit Dems would be totally outsmarted.
I like that your actual voice sounds as stupid as you are.
Seriously?
Lol. Fox has the stupidest audience.  My FIL is an avid watcher and quotes their bullshit as if it's scripture. So depressing to know these people exist and vote.  Ugh.
Hey FYI #CNN you may want to take note that your "commentator" Jack Kingston cannot even get 50 likes on what he perceives to be a witty tweet...though he has gotten about 2000 STFU's. Even the out & out Nazi's get more. It maybe time to rethink his contract
Would expect anything else from you, Jack!
How does it feel to be considered the dumbest kid in the dumb class??
No..we have a LONG list of criminal republicans that we can attack!! But thanks for being worthless.
A Con says what
1300 comments.. and 45 likes.. you are so fucked
ROFL. yea, and you'll have to defend trump, which you have no problem doing.. and that's why you'll all be voted out!!!!
Kingston is a clown. Just shit up. No one is buying your spin.
I’m not perplexed..I am downright happy complicit Ryan is gone..
Jack the Cracker, hard to tell who is more stupid, you or @TomiLahren
You wish.
Kcaj, we can multi-task. Your President fucked a porn star on supporter's dime, so sit down.
Did the President, VP, the entire executive branch, every Republican Senator and House Member pass away last night? Noone to attack?
Pretty sure that @TheOnion story will be running a story about the entire incumbent @GOP choosing to not seek re-election because by your calculations, that would deprive the opposition of any points of attack.
Meanwhile the non-bubble dwelling conservatives are $#!++ing their pants.
The addition of Speaker Paul Ryan to an already long list of retiring Republican members of Congress has made a bad situation worse for the embattled GOP majority. https://nbcnews.to/2Hsoe1l 
WW II and 1992
Just here to add to the ratio cause this guys take is trash, as usual.
Attack him m
Poor Jack doesn’t he know the Dems have lots to attack, especially him! Dumb and dumber!
Nancy Pelosi was (is) a far better representative and former House Speaker than the sniveling apologist that is  @SpeakerRyan , the now escape artist. And the GOP house is rapidly leaving, haven't you noticed?
There is nothing perplexing about it. IF he were to win re-election he would be the House Minority Leader, if that. Given his terrible, spineless leadership, he would have no political capital left. He is his families problem now.


Oh right because Paul Ryan is the only member of the GOP worthy of criticism...
Perplexed?  You are not the sharpest knife in the drawer, Jack.
Sorry dude, Ryan is exiting because of Trump and his Deplorable followers that won’t back him in the primaries.  Dems will have Trump, unless you’ve written him off and believe he’ll be impeached before the November general election.
lets ask hillaryif attacks end when you aren't in office.
to insinuate that the other party’s job is to attack the opposition rather than provide another perspective to good government is disgraceful, why are you even tweeting such nonsense is embarassing
Did Trump resign and take his whole corrupt administration with him?  Did Mitch McConnell resign?  Did white supremacist Steve King resign?  There's a whole confederacy of GOP scumbags out there, Jackie-boy.
I don’t know. Can you help me think of someone else in the House to attack, @DevinNunesMom?
And still reigning champion, Jack Kingston: Supreme Heavyweight Idiot

Congrats.
He’s just another one of you damn invertebrates!
I'm just here for the ratio
Wow.. tweeting with your head up 45s behind, that takes talent. Don’t be silly, @SpeakerRyan isn’t leaving until January, plenty of time..
Thats the  worst take Ive seen from you @JackKingston and thats saying a lot
You're kidding right?
Other GOP legislators that are ripe targets:

Sen. Mitch McConnell (Gorsuch)
Rep. Devin Nunes (Trump protector)
Sen. Ted Cruz (pompous @$$)
Gov. Rick Scott (@$$)
Rep. Scott King (neo-KKK)
anyone who still affiliates with Trump
You must have been a Rhodes Scholar ...oops that was Bill Clinton
OMG. The ratio on this. 
Are you throwing your comedic hat in the ring with #DiamondandSilk?
with or without paul ryan... the #BlueWave2018 is coming ... deal with it... #DesperateMuch ???
#inTheBarrel

#DealWithIt

.
#HereForTheRatio

& to laugh at the sinecured, mainstream propagandist.
Try again, Jack. I suspect the Dems would respond that they have a target-rich environment, with the current assortment of #GOP schmucks.
Wrong @JackKingston actually we would like @SpeakerRyan to walk out now. Can you make that happen ? Thanks  @JoyAnnReid  #RyanResign
Hmmm...what other top player in American politics is a Republican? I know there’s someone else ..
Have you seen the leading GOP contender to replace Ryan? Dems won’t run out of ppl.
Boy, you sure showed them.  #brilliant
Meanwhile no one gives a BLEEP about your political opinion or pursuits.
Who needs Paul Ryan when you have President Doofus to attack?
Dems have no one left to attack?  Oh, there are still plenty of fools left! The GOP is full of them!
Here for the ratio. Also I cannot believe you ever held elected office.
Thanks you for your thoughts & prayers. But - oops - there are a whole bunch more like him. 
See, e.g., @realDonaldTrump, @SteveScalise, @GOPLeader, @SenateMajLdr, & @tedcruz.

But we’ll have lots more house cleaning in November. 
Now that @SpeakerRyan has all this free time, perhaps he can go back to that soup kitchen and wash dishes that are already clean...
