You delivered nothing- do you job & stop defending a president who’s actions are indefensible- many many Republicans think this - grow a  pair
His loyalty should be to the country. But Jackie u surely are delivering on BLIND LOYALTY
Honest and telling the truth - YES. Loyalty? — YES, 100% to his country.
He doth protest too much!
And Trump never delivered his taxes!
Seems honest and loyal to America. He did make a big error in judgement of course. Tweetie lies everyday multiple times. Said Comey was looking for a job even though he was appointed through 2023. Dumb stuff.
You shouldn’t be local to a crook!
The FBI is an independent institution from the president wtf??? Comey didn't wanted to go with Trump's crimes and he was fired. End of story
Zero credibility. 

You should just read Comey's book for dummies.
You didn't read the book...
Anything less would be Kingston Propaganda.

RussiaBall Jacko.
Sir, you seem to be an intelligent man, how can you & Jason miller sit there and kiss  dt on his ass cheeks constantly?? Your obvious ultra biased opinions are way to one sided. Listen to yourself, you cant answer a simple question!!!  Y. N.  Then wait BULLSHITTER!!!
Gee Jack what moral leadership did Trump deliver.
The loyalty isn’t to the President, you peculiar little man.
How do you know?
A federal employee's loyalty is to AMERICA. Trump asking a federal employee to swear loyalty to HIM PERSONALLY smacks of 3rd world dictatorship! Honesty is a value not shown by Trump! Is honesty a value you have ANY familiarity with?
And you know this how, Jack?  Why should we believe you more than Comey?  I'm guessing you don't have a direct line to Comey's ear......lol  The fact is, he's more believable than you.  He didn't go to Russia to make business deals to benefit Trump.  (yeah, we remember)
Says who?
Jack Kingston is nuts
So did you Jack and you never delivered either
on full sycophant mode, huh?!
https://politics.myajc.com/blog/politics/jack-kingston-lands-russia-hacking-claims-dominate-news-coverage/CXhREsLYItvSVcKhpoKjdO/ …  You were “loyal” Jack. To Trump and Russia.
Jack your commentary is usually interesting however this time an attack on @Comey doesn’t cut it @comey is a man of Integrity unlike our unethical corrupt President who has lied 2436 time since taking office

I believe Comey
Comey was the only honest person in the room when he made that statement.
Twisting words does not work. Trump a liar Comet telling the truth.
Have you read his book? Did you see the whole interview? Did you just copy what to post because as usual nothing original from YOU,
Wrong again Jackie. Stop embarrassing your family. They must be ashamed of you.
Sit down Jack......off
And you Jack have misguided loyalty to a man of no integrity..what does that say for you???
Since trump is a lying slimeball......

NO!

He did NOT promise loyalty.
He promised honesty and he delivered honesty.
Which got him fired.

Jack: try telling the truth yourself.
He NEVER promised loyalty Jack.
READ THE TRANSCRIPT!!!
He refused to give loyalty.
He promised honesty and he never lied to Trump.
If you think otherwise, prove it.
you can’t.
Nobody should have to pledge loyalty to trump ... USA is not a dictatorship country! 
If you want to sell your soul, feel free.
That's debateable - no actually it isn't. I'll take Comey's word over Trump's any day.
Really? You honestly think that? Well, neither has Trump..
And what did he get in return? Fired in a tweet.
Comey is a REAL AMERICAN; your con man isn't.
Foreign or domestic .......
You sound but hurt @JackKingston
Do you think he should have @JackKingston?

Jack...do you enjoy being peed on as well?...
When meeting with #potus #JackKingston promised blind loyalty. He's proven to be an extra special little #toady. But what exactly did Jack do with the Russian businessmen and who might be investigating his activities?
This hat makes you look smart, Jack.
Go to bed, Jack.
Trump’s Ridiculous Antics and Failing Administration are Imploding for covering for this Liar-in-Chief!
Just because you are an idiot would offers blind loyalty to a Conman, doesn't make it a necessity for everyone else. 
Most people are smarter than that

You’re beyond a lackey and compromised. Imagine you’re engaging in character assassination in fealty to the most inept and corrupt POTUS ever!
Jack is fake as fake news can get.  I can’t see how he thinks he can be an honest broker of news when he attempts to defend 45.
Jacky, Donny does not deserve loyalty.  He’s as crooked as a dog’s hind leg.  #lockhimup
@realDonaldTrump wanted Personal Loyalty. That’s a problem.
That’s one thing dolt.
Thanks for watching Jack and putting those ratings up! LOL How much did Cohen have on you? Bet @realDonaldTrump is watching too LMAO
To the mob boss president? Yeah agree
Yes pity that the FBI director was loyal to law and order and not a political lackey like you
Talk to Mueller yet, Kinsgton?  How come you never answer my question?
He delivered on " honest loyalty " to protect and serve, and to protect the Constitution as his oath required him to do. Trump misinterpreted it, because he was used to people to be loyal to HIM. The US IC Function independently from the 3 levels of Government.This WAS A RED FLAG
How’s your Comey disinformation campaign going?
you are a horse’s ass Jack.  Btw, go where u r needed.... fox state tv. U r laughing stock on cnn dude
Jack you insipid Dwarf of a man 
Which part of his narrative do you find untruthful, Jack?
And who asks for loyalty unless your a mob boss?  #donthecon
Hope the tapes come out, so you go down too
The boss has you working overtime tonight I see. 

It's all hands on deck to discredit Comey. 

Lol
You got proof of that?
#stoptheinbreeding in your area.
YOU COMMITED TREASON FOR TRUMP AND YOU  REFUSE TO TELL US WHAT YOU DID.
Not like you S-ing Trumps D every chance you get
Loyalty  an ambiguous term ! Jack ! Loyalty to what ?
YOU MEAN LOYALTY LIKE WHEN YOU WENT 2 RUSSIA FOR TRUMP?
Gfy
