Hey! What do you have against Hamsters, Chris?
They been inside @realDonaldTrump rectum
Nooooooooo
Jack....businesses r shutting down because they can't either get goods from China or the price of goods has skyrocketed 
Or on a months waiting list...your boss created a mess...
Distract and divert...another page out of the worn GOP playbook.
Yes. #ThanksObama! Actually, our democracy is extremely important. Anyone tampering with elections needs to be punished. #StormyDaniels has twice the intelligence and virtue of #DotardDonnie. Made any more trips to Russia, #ComradeKingston?
Best response right here.
INCONVENIENT TRUTH, Trump's first-year jobs record was strong. Just not as strong as Obama's last year. http://money.cnn.com/2018/01/05/news/economy/trump-obama-jobs/index.html ….

I love that jack just listed like 50 things but none of them are important. Fool
Yeah Jack, forget all the crap that Trump caused with his atrocious picks and focus on the one thing that Obama started.  What is wrong with you?
Wrong, Jack!! Breaking the law TRUMPS everything!! What color jail jumpsuit do you want your boy to wear?
Where’s the birth certificate you promised, Jack?
You think so ! Jacky ? You really think so , my boy ?
Whenever I see Jack , I think of this song ..
The amoral Resident Select is only a story that is fed with the constant lack of intelligence @realDonaldTrump displays to the world while twitting everyday and you support the #RussianPuppet mouth breather!
I am on a fixeded income. #MAGA
Yep, and a hearty thank-you to your Republican party for increasing the national debt to over a trillion dollars---  #votethefuckersout2018
Imagine if we had an honest President that wasn't an adultering, hateful fool how well we could do.
Jack since ‘09 markets started  going up and the jobless numbers started to decline-been steady ever since.  TY Pres. O.  On the Lord’s Day try to be positive.
#dunceKngston you know nothing about nuance in particular as it relates to economic fundamentals. Skilled labor supply is shrinking and xenophobia from you and the Orange Idiot will shrink it further. That means reduced productivity. Say it in Russian pls.
Maybe for people like you who put money ahead of people and before integrity.
Thanks @BarackObama
FUJACK.. your boy is going DOWN!!!

Trump inherited an economy growing with unemployment at 4.7% and yet neither he or YOU have the HONESTY, GRACE AND COURAGE TO ADMIT THAT!! Hmmmmmm
so corruption at the highest levels is ok with you? You are the swamp. @AC360
They will all go south on him very soon.
Ooooo good one jackie.
It’s a fact, Economics 101, it takes years for economy to reap benefits from changes to laws. Thank you 44!!
Jack why are you not posting about the neo Nazis rally in your state and condemning those who love to hate ..... those who see themselves just as hitler did at the beginning ..... no words ??? Oh that’s right they support to the Donald ... just like you!! No courage
No it’s not more important than that stain on democracy.
yeah. to hell with morals.
