You picked the wrong side.
Nah Obama didn’t do anything to help the black community yet under Trump African Americans and women have the lowest unemployment in history
Oh you know other then being the first black president. And continuing a movement.. Nono he didn’t do anything.
He was the first black President. You’re correct. The only black person he helped was himself. Trump is actually helping and Kanye has woke up! (Along with Chance the Rapper) The Dems won’t own black people anymore.
He hasn't been "woken up" he's in the sunken place now along with you sheeple.

America celebrating when trump is out of office 

(Song credit: “Supervision” by iamEROC....Here’s the Apple Music link to the full song https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/supervision/1342286693?i=1342286845 …

don't be ashamed to support trump, yeezy!! lots of americans and also tons of alt-right white supremacists and also the KKK support him. you're not alone! 
#MAGA
The KKK founded by the Democratic party supported Hillary.  Thankfully tons of black Americans are waking up and leaving the DNC plantation to FREEDOM!
You do realize that was 180 years ago right? Political parties can change...
Robert Byrd. KKK clan member.
Wrong.  Trump immediately disavowed any KKK and David Duke support. Stop believing lies!
Now you're just making stuff up to fit your agenda. I don't have time for that.
#MAGA

Yeah, Fuck him for having a differing political opinion than your own!
Sweety ,bless your heart ! Do you realise the raging dumpster fire the orange cheeto has turned America into? This is sooo not about a simple difference of political opinion 
But if nazi sympathizing is your thing ,do you boo boo
Do you realize you can’t spell “realize”.
You do know we have bigger problems to worry about than your penchant to show off your hooked on phonics skills
America has always been shit the only thing that has changed is the progress we’ve made with North Korea and a wall
@hyenaspark66 - do you realize/realise it was spelled correctly if the writer is from the UK? Yeah, I thought not.

Please, please, please let me never turn into a person who needs publicity so badly that I endorse racism, misogyny, homophobia, corruption and self-loathing.
@KimKardashian So out of touch, they’ll be no possible way for you or your man to ever understand how detrimental @realDonaldTrump presidency has been to so many of us in and outside of this country. Thirsty is as thirsty does I guess!  #KarmaDoYourThang
That's Margaret Sanger, she created Planned Parenthood. She created a holocaust.
Idiot.
@Samavery3322 how are you feeling about your boy now?? 
Like I said everyone can have opinions....even if they are wrong lol
Ahhh is that what you meant? I get it, I get it.
Yeah everyone is roasting him for the stuff he has said
Yes, I have seen that. 
Ok but
Yes because making our president black will fix everything lmao what kind of racist shit is this
Stfuuuuu
No no please continue with black supremacy! I’m sure this is doing wonders helping defeat racism!!
So if that's black supremacy then 260 years of voting for a white president must be 260 years of supporting white supremacy.
Yes it is, it’s a fact that our presidents are mostly white married men, but of course voting for a president strictly because of color is the exact same, no?
Black supremacy won’t be a thing until when can oppress like we’ve been oppressed 
But that’s not equality? Why fight for something when you can’t even demonstrate it.
THE MOMENTUM IS SHIFTING TOTALLY! THE PARADIGM IS SHIFTING! THE MINDS ARE BEING FREED. MAGA.
DEMOCRATS HAVE NO IDEA HOW TO REACT TO THIS NEWS. THIS IS MORE MAJOR THAN ANYONE REALIZES.
LIVE SPEAKING ABOUT HOW KANYE IS CHANGING AMERICA.
THIS IS A NEW DAY IN AMERICA.
Dude you’re everywhere. Do you even have a life ?
If you see him everywhere you must be at all the same places, reading/responding to the same things so if he doesn't have a life neither do you 
Russian bots all over Kanye's page.
http://Botcheck.me  has an algorithm to mark trump supporters as bots but not active resistance ppl; are you that gullible?  I can show u bots that this website says are not bots 
Kanye please stop
He's just starting to help wake people up. Wait til the left tries to shut him down. Not even hitting his stride yet. #TheGreatAwakening #MAGA
Rip kanyes account
Nah he’ll get way more MAGA fans

we get it you like trump
If he was tweeting about someone you liked you wouldn’t complain about spam at all
Kanye For President!! Start with Mayor, Then Governor! I believe with the proper guidance Kanye could be our President & Mrs.K. West would make fashion icon history as 1st lady! This is amazing!! don't 4get Kanye.(the silent majority speaks volumes when it counts)
I will give $10 to everyone who likes this. (Maximum 50,000 likes)
We all know you use an X. Ye.
NO
YAS

Can we get a RIP for Angry Grandpa
ROFLMAOOOOOOOooooooooo LOVE it KAYNE!! #LiberalismIsAMentalDisease #MAGA #KAG
You mad, snowflakes? 

 who did this 
Question. Have you ever seen this many #MAGA fans love a black man so much? Highkey Kanye is doing the most for race relations 
We aren't calling guys coon for just disagreeing w politics (small percentage is idiots). If black pop culture artists say they like conservative ideas they're boycotted and blacklisted. Dems winning the culture war. But we'd love more entertainers and minorities on our side.
Could’ve just retweeted it mate
how do you take screenshots on iphone x
This looks like I’m talking about an iPhone and then virtually hugging you at the end
Your dick must be fully erect right now!
Holy shit I forgot you existed
He's in every Kanye post.  Probably thinks it's his opportunity to be relevant and seen.
Stop

OMG ray  this gotta be the best meme i have seen today

Valembe
Kanye needs help, he's obviously been trapped
Have you ever seen the movie Get Out. That's what happened to Kanye lmao.
yes we are coming to save our brother 
Hahaha ASAP!!! He's all over twitter
that mid pack really be hitting
Just dropped you like a mic.
Same here.

smh
Awesome. Funny liberal democrats demand rights but dont respect other peoples rights to free speech
Kanye
هل ترامب مجنون أم أنه غايه في الذكاء هذا المقطع يوضح لكم استمعوا له واحكموا 

#نبداء_التصويت
Sink into the floor Kanye
The hate of the left NEVER stops. You must conform.
You are the GOD of this generation. There is no one more real than you and that's the truth.
Are you into your new sector politics now?? Your big loss!!
You even got it signed my guy? What you doing?
Massa Massa Massa these negroes trynna gets free. Congratulations you’re the House Nwhen was America great and for whom?
Were you not the same man screaming on national tv that “BUSH DOESNT CARE ABOUT BLACK PEOPLE!!!!”..... but tell us about the changes President Trump plans on making to end gentrification in California, specifically in the Bay Area!
Pelosi has been in power there for years... ever asked her? She cares so much for people of color.
This is an issue bigger than just the State. So many families for years and still now are being displaced right here in the US  for what other reason than to appease the rich and well off.
Trump’s been in office for less than 18 months. Why would he be interested or able to impact this better than the elected politicians from that area that HATE him. I got news for you. This issue ain’t even on his radar. Quit voting for Pelosi and her ilk. They’ll do nothing 4 U.
Regardless if the people here like him or not and vice versa he still has a job to serve and protect the people. I’m not arguing with what you stated, but something needs to be http://done.So   if our elected officials aren’t doing anything then we need to bring him in.
You seem to be fond of Kamala. She should be your point of contact. She’s more worried about illegals entering the country than you. Fact.
The fight against gentrification and homelessness is a huge concern of mine. Having hardworking immigrants here fighting for citizenship and to take care of their families is harming no one.
If they are here illegally, you are incredibly wrong.
So you hated George Bush but you love Trump. Okay Kanye.
My exact thoughts like what makes Trump different than Bush
Kanye is becoming everything he use to be against it’s sad really
your judgement has been wrong before...
@lifeofjayvi
Think freely!!! Personal Responsibility!

How is this even retweetable?  and by a Mexican no less...
Sorry I want our country to stay the best country in the world. It’s the reason all of our parents immigrated here in the first place.
Hate to jump into this convo, butttt exactly Janet! Our parents came here for a better future. Many immigrants are legal. Just because they’re immigrants doesn’t mean they’re illegal 
Yes!  Our country was made great because of immigrants! Undocumented AND documented!  And it’s unfortunate that you believe otherwise.
Sorry but I’m not actually sorry that I only support legal immigration. The fact is that illegal immigration hurts the country in several different aspects.
Then stop being a hypocrite and do not associate yourself with people who you know are or where at one time undocumented.
Just because I don’t agree with something that someone is doing (ie gay ppl or ppl who are associated with illegal immigration) doesn’t mean I can’t associate myself with them. Am I supposed to not talk to my mom bc she was once a immigrant? No...
So what are you going to say to these “people” that you don’t support when they tell you they don’t want to associate with you any longer because of your views?
lmao you tryin to prove you can screenshot now? 
How are you album sales going? Enough attention on you yet?? Or do u need to tweet something else for more attention??
#KellyanneKanye
I liked when political views were taboo. I just don’t get how everyone can attack each other for their beliefs and opinions. I’m not a fan of trump but I don’t hate people that support him.
Its because people get wayyyy to atached to having the right opinion. For example, a lot of people get attached to people on news channels, making them believe what they say, even when its not true. You can see this on both parties.
Kanye you are freedom personified
It’s just so odd that you’d reveal your Trump love NOW when he’s going off the rails worse than ever and the shit is hitting the fan with his lawyer and colleagues at a warp speed pace. Why align yourself with him now?
Its easy to stand in a crowd and shout the same thing. But the moment you stand alone, and start shouting back, that takes guts. Im not saying this in support of the topic or not. But I give a person credit for speaking his or her mind on any situation.
And yeah, this all goes back to a subject of personal opinions on others and different perspectives. .3.
Stop bothering my grandad
Royal fam tho...
Let’s not do this here, other families are lurking
@CPuff30 “Traditions”
“Traditions”
Love it, stand strong!
Love you bro!

I have love in my heart too for our President @Kanyewest so you are not alone in your community #MAGA  !
Kanye is a total sellout. Whenever he wanna drop an album dude will start tweeting the most reckless BS for attention. Cool have a political opinion but he supporting carrot face for the most backwards reasoning. You’re not a genius if u just go against the grain
There is nothing wrong with supporting the President
Donald Trump doesn't care about black people. Remember when @kanyewest did?

I agree.
Hey, @realDonaldTrump ICYMI....

For some privileged people even breast-feeding in public is ok. 

#MAGA
#DragonEnergy
Reminded of why I love Kanye

What happened this is not the country I grew up in? We use to be able to get along be friends but now people with different opinions will not talk to each other and their IQ and character are put down. Pray for America.
"Look at my face, do I got a promise face? Does it look like promise you anything?"
Wake up, Mr. West.

Dude they turned him!
Lmao
Ew
More power to you man. You just got another new fan  #newKanyefan

If you hate latinos as much as he does then stop using our names on your album “Life of Pablo <—-remove it
Support my President and for the first time I can support you unify not divide thank you @kanyewest #freedom #FreeThinkers #
I am just following because you love our country just as much as our President does


... just in case you needed any proof how irrelevant Kanye is 
@KimKardashian Come get ya boy, he’s not doing too well.
You have an album coming out, don’t you? Now i get it. #ControversySells
I have a serious question I have been trying to get clarity for.  When espousing the idea of MAGA what period of American history is the movement trying to go back to?  What greatness is the aiming for?
No word from your buddy @realDonaldTrump regarding @WaffleHouse shooting, targeting people of color, where an African-American gentleman was heroic. Sad!
So presidents need to respond to everything that happens? They don’t need to, previous presidents didn’t comment on everything. If law enforcement would’ve got the suspect of the shooting when they information from the past, the Waffle House shooting wouldn’t have existed.
Not everything, but, if a president has a reputation as a racist, it wouldn't hurt to work against that now and again.
It depends on who gives him that reputation. Some of his predecessors you can say had some racist moments, and not speaking about every incident.
Well. I thought you might need a trip to the mental hospital. Now it’s confirmed. Sigh. Do something good with the fact you hAve 27 million followers.
You believe he has a mental disability because he supports a politician that you don't? That's quite bigoted
I wouldn't have agreed with Hitler Youth either, that doesn't make me a bigot, it makes me opinionated.  A well-researched opinion I might add.  Kanye really has no idea how ridiculous backing Trump is.. and therefore, yes.. he's ready for a trip to a mental facility.
You might not have agreed with Hitler Youth, but they weren't "ready for a trip to the mental hospital" either. I can't think of a better example  of bigotry than dismissing the political beliefs of nearly half of the population of the US as "ridiculous."
I used to be a Republican, and so I have special Carte Blanche to rip on them.  They've decimated a once venerable party, and are there to serve themselves.  If you think their tax bill they just passed is a good deal, then we can just cut our debate right here.
Well, taxation is theft, so any tax cut is a good tax cut, but that's beside the point. Could you explain what was wrong with the tax bill? I read about it and didn't see anything wrong, maybe I'm just not seeing it.
They punish states who have high property taxes.(states who hate the @GOP) Limiting it to 10k-  pretty much the entire west coast -who pays more than their fair share to the US now- will pay MORE taxes. Me included.
How would a high property tax deduction be fair to states with a low property taxes? It's not fair to some states either way.
Is this really kanyes twitter ??
#MAGA
Thank you Kanye
Yeah.... Fuck trump.
Good for you stand up for yourself
Dude wtf
@realDonaldTrump How about you send me a signed hat Mr. President
@itsaPopOD entre locos se entienden jajaja
I want one! You may have lost a bunch of followers but you gained this one. Speak your truth Sir! 
Byeee kanyeee I never loved youuu
MAGA

@realDonaldTrump

Must be nice to be in the top 1% right ??

If you were still pumping out great music, maybe this lunacy would be less noteworthy.
What drugs have you been taking
Kanye most people will do anything for money.  Thank you for standing up for something you believe in.  You are just one step closer in seeing the Democrat party being completely exposed to ALL of Black America.  Then, and then will we see change.

He’s mainly doing this to be the trending topic of media again. He had to find something to stand out with
I'm not black I'm Kanye

Ur a fucking half-wit! Try coming down off ur ego (& dumb PR stunt to remain relevant!) long enough to remember the hat ur wearing is the same hat worn by the tiki-torch, white supremacists of the south killing men like u. Get ur message right, ass — they sure did. 
Sneakerhead here. Never buying trash Yeezys again. Will be contacting adidas and flexing Reebok, Nike, and JB until i see what Drake produces. Major L
Hi Kanye, I love  your independent thought. I have a signed #MAGA hat too. Love to you from a fan. 
Yikes
I miss the old Kanye.
Delete Twitter. @kanyewest
Thank you, Kanye, 4 your strength 2uphold YOUR values. #MAGA

Do you have no clue on what @realDonaldTrump is doing to our country?  Being rich you really don't.  Try living a day as an average American and see the damage already done by #45. #WakeUp #TrumpIsHurtingAmerica
I have always been a fan of your music now I respect you more you are a free thinker and that's what makes you a great person
Knew you were a scuzzball years ago. Glad you made it obvious now for everyone to see. Also your music is trash.
These low-key fire. Might need one. 

Sorry for the treatment you're getting for expressing your views. This is proving to be a lesson in how intolerant and close-minded the left is. Why are they so threatened by independent thinkers?
Here’s the hats that you should have him sign.
How do you make something great that never was?
I think Kanye Kardashian done enough to be taken out of retweets brother.
product of the establishment perhaps, symptom of a greater disease.
@lmndck

"Hi I'd like to speak to Kris Jenner please. Yes, it's an emergency." 
@TorpedoLito im sipping Albanian tea
Never thought I would comment here.  I am a veteran, fire fighter, deputy not concerned with appearances all I care about is protecting life, any life.  We are all brothers in Christ, powerful messages here.  We all have families to care for a nation that needs us united.
@realDonaldTrump maybe to can both split a room next time you are committed 

Don’t sweat it Kanye. F&@k @StephenAtHome and @colbertlateshow.

That coming from the same guy who got on television and stated George Bush hates black people. Please explain how much your friend Donnie Chump lives black people.
I’m dying at all the angry blacks spittin hate over Kanye leaving the Democrat plantation.  #maga
Fuck Kanye!!!!!!!!
for future president
You aight?????
Pooping back and forth forever ))<>((
Sunken place. Smh
B
Kanye u literally just lost all of my respect !
Dude whats up with you.I aint ever had shit in life and i inspired to be like http://you.To  confidently go into the world and demand respect as a man of color.I ask you now what does it profit a man to gain the world and lose his soul. Still luv ya man

Wait...this hat wasn’t made in the USA...
God bless you kanye.
i miss the old kanye
Two losers don’t make a winner.

He's super flattered you wrote that one song about his wife.
*defends a man that said your wife’s body was disgusting on national tv* you’re gross lmao
kanye para de postar merda, pelo amor de deus!!!!!!! N CONSIGO TE DEFENDER MAIS
Someone take away Kanye west’s phone from him
Proud of you Kanye for standing for what YOU feel. It’s just “refreshing” to see a world famous person not succumbing to their fellow singers/actors/Hollywood elites. THANK YOU
Idiot.
Imma let you finish, but @HillaryClinton had one of the best presidential campaigns of all time. #ImWithHer #KanyeWestIsOverParty
You dropped your jacket...
Back on Twitter b/c of Mr. Kanye West. Twitter should thank you. - not the only one.....
#MAGA ?  #Trump ? Lovin on the hater-in-Chief? 
Yeah, maybe soon you'll be the warm-up act for @TedNugent .
Smdh... 
One is known by the company they keep.
Thought you might be better than that. Maybe I was wrong. Sad... 
●☆●☆●☆●☆●☆●☆●☆●
Thank you for not being a Hollywood follower politically.


How quickly he forgets but you know, trump will be the savior of black people
In @kanyewest mind only!

Listen, people aren’t getting mad because he like Donald trump, they are getting mad because he likes a racist, homophobe, that spreads hate
Yes... because trump... the man who openly supported the LGBT community is definitely a homophobe.... it’s not like Hillary Clinton said that marriage is a sacred bond between a MAN and WOMAN... or that she called young black men “super predators”... yep... trumps the racist.
Yea that’s why is thinking of ending lgbt marriage hmm
Fight the though police!!
Now a fan. Standing up for what you believe. I deployed to Iraq multiple times for people to have the right to express their personal opinions.
For someone who ‘talks’ about social justice, the president U support does NOT!  For folks who DONT agree w Kanye,  it’s  simple - STOP supporting he or his wife with your time and $$.  Invest instead of buying his tickets, READ instead or watching her show
Literally have no idea how you can support this mofo

Thank you for being real. Thank you for being you. Thank you for Being Kanye West!
Nice
Nice hat mate it’s well good 
Thanks @kanyewest for being an example of strength!!!
AWESOME!!!#MAGA #AmericaFirst 
I’m a new LOVER OF KANYE
You’re awesome!

Un regalo de @lopezobrador_
Your black card has been taken
At least you’re straight up
2 dicksuckers I do not support....Kanye it’s over for you son
We can't we just all get along?
KANYE IS A GEMINI. LET THAT SINK IN.
so this is the tweet that prolly got yoongi shook-
@sellhs
Good for you!! Like you even more. Everyone else hates because they dont agree with you! Its disgusting!
It's a shame. Smh you'd be a disappointment as a son. Deep in the sunken place... King kün #getout
love it #MAGA
Must respect to you Kanye!! Thank you
This pic you put up is the only reason I started following you.  Carry on


Let Ye be Ye. Just because he does his own shit his own way doesn't make it okay for you to attack him on his beliefs just because it doesn't align with YOUR thoughts. Much love Yeezus. Stay in ur lane America.
We miss the old Kanye
MAGA DON PAY 
SHOUT HALLELUJAH 
There is so much beauty in this tweet. I could frame this and hang it on the wall...and keep wallet photos
In more important rap news @kendricklamar just won a Pulitzer and @PostMalone releases a new album tonight. Your no longer on top. The rap world has moved on and so will your fans! y
