People don’t like this either
Jack please go back read t-rumps twitter feed again. You will find many insults,lies and derogatory comments. That is what you should be outraged by not a comedic routine!
Who needs the coward there? He lives for accolades so he stock with his base.
You’re just jealous she didn’t include you!!!
“Unchecked hatred” didn’t y’all call white dem supremacists “good people”   jacky, sometimes we even dun surprises ourselves
Here’s some of your orange Putin puppet’s greatest hits. When your party openly supports Nazis and pedofiles, you officially cede anytime that resembles the moral high ground. Fail Jacko.
I always thought Kingston Propaganda was a snowflake at heart.

And I assumed Russians had an iron will.
snowflake!! But when the current president un-jokingly insults millions of people it's okay!? Hypocrite
You are a joke, but we tolerate you, much to our chagrin.
I dont no about the dinner I was not theee
You are such a hypocrite..why don't you answer some of the questions that are posed to you on twitter?  How do you rationalize the lies, bullying, vulgar talk etc from POTUS.  He is the POTUS, not a comedian. To compare the two is so disparaging to the office of the presidency.
The walkout seems like it was planned just like the Pence NFL walkout.
Jack I'm so sorry you didn't get a trigger warning before the jokes that offended you & Donald J Snowflake.
You are so stiff they could used you as a flag pole , Jacky ! Lighten up will ya !
Ya can't laughed at yourself once a while ?
Do you need a safe space with some hot chocolate and coloring books? You sound like a real snowflake.
Jack, your hero Trump had said much worse about people.
JACK. GO PULL A STEVE BANNON. WOLF WAS ENTERTAINING. MORE THAN THAT FAT ASSED ARANGUTAN THAT I SUPPORT.
Jack, you support the most vile potty-mouth bully in our country’s history. Why must you be so grossly hypocritical?  They’re allowed to be real with their vicious behavior, but they can’t handle sarcasm?  Spare us; Seriously.
What snowflakes can’t even take some jokes
Just locker room talk. This women is a comic they sometimes cross the line. If you don’t like it turn it off don’t go. The new guy does this everyday and never apologizes. And he is not kidding so sir your standards are really low for him.
Were you there jack?
Yes they walked out of the dinner straight to the after parties.  They showed outraged didn't they.
He, and his wife, went to the after party.  Such outrage!!  LOL!!
Outraged about @realDonaldTrump pussy comments and all the degrading talk about woman??!! #hypocracy
Did you guys said you like potus because he says it like it is? So what wrong with someone calling for what he is?

Yeah, way to walk right out of the WHCD and straight to the NBC/MSNBC after party to rub elbows with the "elites"

#FakeOutrage
