It will be interesting to see your reaction when you get an indictment for treason as a co-conspirator in the attempted overthrow of the government of the United States.
It will be interesting to see you and what you have to say when Trump is removed from office. He should be scrubbed from History
On a side note, what were u doing in Russia at the exact same time Carter Page was there?... asking for a friend

Obama sought Congressional approval for military force in Syria ... but Senate Republicans apparently wouldn't support it for POLITICAL PURPOSES!  https://www.congress.gov/bill/113th-congress/senate-joint-resolution/21 …
Your false equivalence won't work here.
I fixed your picture Jack 
Farmers having trouble hiring people to harvest crops that R now rotting in fields as a consequence. Situation triggered losses of more than $13 million in 2 California counties.  Where R all the white people that voted 4 Trump & JOBS? Farmers that voted 4 Trump tired of winning?
Why do you always point the finger at other people? You have absolutely no back bone. Tick tock .... 
Sarah looked pretty rough on Friday the 13th. Must have taken a lot of medication before stepping to the podium to lie lie lie.

You are going to jail.  Delete your account.
Well one was a politician. And one is a reality tv star. 
Jack go watch F&F

News flash.  No one is criticizing this act other than the dumbshit in chief told Russia ahead of time so Syria moved their supplies.  Shut up Jack. Move to Russia already.
You should open up a cherry farm so you can pick away...very disingenuous of you( no surprise)as you know you and your cohorts would  not let a vote on new authorization when Obama requested a vote in 2013.

I'd be interested in an explanation as to why you were in Russia with Carter Page proposing lifting sanctions and announcing Tillerson as SECSTATE  to a Russian audience— before Trump made the official announcement to Americans.
You belong in a Gulag.
Wow Jack it all makes sense now! You know ALL YOUR LYING ON CNN, Why were you in Moscow with Carter Page? I think Mueller knows. Do your kids know you work for the Russians?

The reporting of your being in Russia with Carter page should land you a spot in the federal penitentiary
Remember when @JackKingston was in Russia hanging out with Carter Page?
We gots families dats be lawwwwyers.. Wees knows bouts da law.. We’s even knows some medicine folk to!!  if ya’ll need some healin.. no leaches or nuttin
Have you started writing your testimonial for Mikey Cohen yet?  His sentencing hearing will be here before you know it Jackie.
To whom.
