Erm....that's an illegal throw so not a goal. Check the rule book
As long as both feet on floor at time of throw it is legal
Ball release point is important also, which video doesn't show
Referee/assistant on this sort of throw need to check if feet/foot is raised at time of throw.
These throw ins do give more entertainment to  soccer
I was the assistant during this game, and I can attest that both of the feet were down. Amazing goal!
Fantastic delivery into the box and goal then  thanks for clearing it up can't tell from the video
Yeah they cropped the video a bit. Here’s the full clip
This goal is bananas. @AshlynLakin with the SIDELINE FLIP, @rachiem10 with the header!  #CatchItKansas @MaizeEagleAD 
Please let us know if your video of our Maize High-Maize South High girls soccer game gets picked up by any other outlets. We'd love to highlight that! Thank you!
すごい
Nice goal but epic f all time?  you do not watch much soccer

I don't think u watch that much soccer...
@SethWickersham Girl who made the average header goes crazy and gets mobbed, doesn’t even thank the girl who made the throw. Girl who made the world-class throw, on the money to a spot 30 yards or more away is abandoned on the sideline. SMH.
the cropped video does not show that Ashlyn quickly joins the celebration. we went crazy on an “average” header because that goal gave us the 1-0 lead against our rival school, Stuart.
That’s fine. I’m 100% positive that if I had scored that goal, I would have taken off like a bandit to the girl that made the throw and celebrated with her, not turned and run toward midfield. But it’s all good.
An example of what boys JUST. CAN'T. DO.
So true. No boy can do a front flip.
Hold those 


Clearly you don't watch a lot of soccer. It was a nice goal, but epic? Nahhh
Better than Ronaldo and Messi!

La envidia los corroe!! Ni Ronaldo ni Messi pueden hacer esa vuelta y lanzar la bola como lo hizo esa futbolista; y el cabezazo de la que metió el gol estuvo de lujo. Y son novatas!!!
Wow @AshlynLakin!! #proudofyou
@JoyceHarold you used to do this no?
I think @BennyRRK should have his players do this too!
Maybe we can have Harold come and coach us this technique. I'd love to see him model this for us.
@tankhuerta @LOUIED619 Now THIS is something to be proud of as a female. Holy shit
How are the school lunches being made with all these girls outta the kitchen?
"one of the most epic soccer goals of all time" - that is either embarrassingly ignorant writing or intentional click-bait. Either way, you should be embarrassed @ABC.
The qualifiers 'might be' and 'one of' combined with 'most epic of all time' ... smh
fair @podcastmonster. though i think Edwin's comment here also highlights another issue
ABC catch up a bit; this isn’t anything new in soccer.  I had teammates doing this in 1999.  I am sure it happened before then as well.
Congratulations Ashley & Rachel, as far as I’m concerned this is THE most epic goal in soccer history! Granted that’s coming from a guy who is usually too bored by soccer to stay awake long enough to actually see any goals, but that’s definitely the best goal I’ve ever seen.
Ton of nay sayers here. Whether or not it’s the best goal ever it’s still very impressive.
Randy’s Soft.....
@Victoria05Girls 
That's been done before in the women's game before plenty of times. Not everyone can do it but still, there have been better goals. Good for them, but not good enough to be the best of all time.
Weak sauce
I tried to do this so much 
I notice the word “tried” pero did you succeed?

It was epic until you called it ‘soccer’
That was BAD ASS and I don't even like soccer!!
Would you call a male player by his first name, and wrongly spelled at that? Her name is Ashlyn Lakin
You must not watch much fútbol compa
@Eddyacquah  one of the most epic goals ever Eddy!!!!
Foul throw but ok lads
That was an amazing example of slight of hand. Trick your opponent into wondering what the hell they just saw while throwing the ball to your team mate, who scores the winning goal. Brilliant.
@rylee_glover the fans are waiting 
Been done before
Sounds u never heard anything about Saeed almowalad lol
Bolsonaro Next Presidente of Brazil #bolsonaro
Always said soccer was a girls’ game ......
WOAH !
I’ve seen some go straight into the net like that.
At least these comments aren’t filled with the idiots from the @espn posts that just make “women in the kitchen” jokes.
That was so cool by the ladies soccer team.
of all time, that's funny lol
It’s not even unique
Epic is right!!!
Circus....

Awsome
Then again there is Van Basten's volleyshot in 1988..
This type of throw in was first done by Steve Watson in 1990 for Newcastle Vs Middlesbrough, the FA deemed it illegal. Nothing new here.
It's an acrobatic throw which while pretty does not add anything to a very mediocre, poorly defended goal
what a shot!!!!
nice goal
very nice
cool
that's good
@kayley_d12 where you at?!

Awesome play
Why are so many men hating on this thread? Just enjoy the clip.
I saw a camel toe in there

This is football. Not soccer. This game has a lot more in common with legs/foots than your American Football. Am I wrong?
She did her thing
wow!
AAAmazing!!!
Come on @SportsSciMed to the rescue, it looks like it helps.
Epic.
Stole that flip move from a shitty 90’s movie called The Big Green
You guys must not watch a lot of European football.
Amazing!!!
I covered a girl in CA high school soccer who did this regularly in 1990s. Chatsworth High's Kim Pickup.
Umm.. reeeeelax
Epic with the exception that it's very common in scoccer.....
Shows you out of touch ABC is this happens all the time in soccer....
Aquí la estrella es quien saca no la autora del gol jajaja 
Wasn’t that something else
That’s where I graduated from 
Awesome
Nice goal!
Epic!!!
That's some dunk contest shit right there!!
They allow them to play soccer in Kansas?
That’s awesome 
Wow
It’s called a starburst. Did it all the time in boys soccer in the 90s
Meh, lots can do that in high school, it’s barely rule abiding, but impressive looking. The header was impressive.
Wow
Only Americans do this front flip throw in thing, it looks kinda ridiculous but if it works 
It’s  a great goal,ever seen before.
@herculezg
#KansasSpecial
Awesome move, congratulations.
Girls just want to@have fun and win
I want to be both of those girls in my next life.
Awesome!
Just another exciting soccer goal moment. Nothing epic.
Wow! How AWESOME!

@cameroncalabro
Niiiiiice!!
Cool! @NWSL, @MLS, take note!
@shelbyg1975
Super cool!!
@gmascareno jajaja, cómo ves?
If pro soccer had stuff like this, I might watch it. Also, if one player on each side could ride a dirt bike in the last minute of each half.
Not as good as Aaron Ramsey vs CSKA
Great play, but nothing new...
Amazing... #girlsrock
awesome
@GenevieveDeBow @GailEDeBow

I've seen it happen many times. Not that epic anymore.
@ChampionsLeague @FIFAcom @LFC @premierleague @MirrorFootball @BBCSport @SkySports @NBCSportsSoccer @MLS

FIRE MUELLER https://www.pscp.tv/w/bZv0HzFYSlFra3l2UGdlUUx8MXlwS2RtbG5iclFHVwSS6nAANPz9KDVa_ypuSc_Au9Z4Xq_3yzK6iiPCUP35 …
没见过，太有创意了
Awesome!!!!!!
@maxalancer
Seen it...stacy tullock...british born american made...master of the tully tumble 50x cooler than any flip throw ive seem before or since
Way to go Women!
In soccer, you can’t use the hands..
That was just plain awesome 
Bad ass..
