Only one of those is associated with the FBI, Jack. And I guess he's punching back. But you ought to love him as he (and maybe a little help from the Russians) is largely responsible for getting DT to the WH.
I believe him over Trump any day
All of Trump's words r unproven.

The truth hurts... even crooks and Dotard feel the pain of truth when exposed!
Trump again denigrates the presidency
MOB behavior is Trump: "When I requested payment, Trump delayed, avoided calls & crafted excuses. After months, I got a letter telling me that the casino was short on funds. They would pay 70 percent of what they owed me. There was no negotiating." Was the next offer a beating?
Robert Mueller please end this long national nightmare!  45 has embarrassed our country, we are the laughingstock around the world!
And I’m guessing you’re making the GOP proud?  <hard eye roll>

The straws you grasp at make you look so ridiculous — they damage your credibility. 

I guess I have to go and buy the book and see for myself!
Are you serious?, are you attacking the FBI? Is that what you are doing? MFckr!!, why not shutdown the FBI, CIA, HS, and all of the organizations that keep us safe? Or perhaps put everybody that protect Trump in charge of all of them?Is that better? Is that patriotic?F U! A'HOLE
As you continue making Georgia Proud 
GOP is evil,  twisted,  and doomed.
Comey kept journals.

He understood @realDonaldTrump was "untethered from the truth".

@POTUS is a LIAR.
I think it is time to resign. He will only worsen in the eyes of the world and all Americans. This whole thing is sickening to  me. Trump needs to resign for the sake of his family and America.



Yawn. #dunceKingston your continued lack of nuance and void of intellect are so boring. Should I say this in Russian so you’ll understand?
If Trump is The Godfather, what does that make you Fredo?
Always the puppet Jack.
@JackKingston what’s your position on the Armenian Genocide the commemoration of which is coming up on April 24th and President Trump must issue a statement.
Such a reliable source....GIVE ME A BREAK.  Your TV must be stuck on the same channel as POTUS.  You should change the batteries and try a few other stations.
Suck it Trump tool.
Jack .your loyalty is a pkg of Charmin and follow trump around untie time come
Jack you have know idea what your talking about,that's a fact comey knows exactly what he is talking about
Proud American NOT proud of Trump
Jacky, doesn’t your man Donny always have lofty praise for himself??   How come you support such an egomaniac?  Drink the Trump Kool Aid.
Why are you weighing in on this. It’s probably all true. Granted better choice of words. But some people are going to hit the president back with his own  vitriol rhetoric. Don’t here you comment when he does attack people. What’s up with that.

Jack the deplorable, open your Russian loving eyes...The president is a going down and you can't do shit about it!
Get a life Jack.
Jack really your much smarter than that .... your Donald has always been linked to the Mafia style bully mentality.... and he needs to investigated for #MeToo
What part of his narrative do you feel is inaccurate?
It's over, Jack.  Give it up.
Oh puleeze Jack give it a rest!
VERY funny how nutty Dems come out as soon as they see Jacks name. They HATE the truth!!!!!!! Comey should be in jail...not peddling  garbage book.
only @FoxNews would print such garbage. I know jack everyone is a liar except @realDonaldTrump  smh
You’re going down Kingston!
Unlike you he’s not a liar. Nice try.

