I'm hoping you're next, Jack.
To bad they’re not looking at you!
Kushner? Jr.? Trumpsky?
Retired federal Judge Nancy Gertner: Robert Mueller had no involvement whatsoever in the wrongful imprisonment of four men. Sean Hannity, Alan Dershowitz and Rush Limbaugh should stop smearing him with these baseless allegations.
Maybe Manafort, Papadopoulos or Cohen?
The more GOP charged the better.
WHY DID YOU GO TO RUSSIAN JACK?
Could be you, Jack-off
And a crook name trump
How about Orangeman, liar in chief!  Come on Mueller!
The FBI is BAD!!!!!! LOCK THEM UP!!!!!!!!! #MAGA!!!!!!!
Who’s next? trump.
Literally the first time it’s happened for that alleged offense. Your supporting a wannabe dictator. 
Some guy named is k
Jack points out another republican in legal troubles
No JACK it's you
Big deal: https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2018-04-19/manafort-probed-as-back-channel-to-russia-u-s-lawyer-says#click=https://t.co/oSpRUm0sDt …
Trump??
Deutsche bank, money laundering, Trump & Russians all connected. Now we have Cohen tied to Ukrainian/Russian mob that got him job with Trump organization. Corruption is Trump, Pruitt, DeVos, Cohen and how many others!
Russia murders journalists!!! Now Americans are heeding GOP conservative's & Trump's calls for violence against reporters (e.g. April Ryan). Greg Gianforte attacked reporter. ). Trump incites violence "“If you do (hurt him), I’ll defend you in court, don’t worry about it”!
Are you ok if it’s a Republican? I’m ok if it’s any crooked member of our government. Democrat, Republican or Independent! Can you say the same? Charge them, let them have their day and if found guilty imprison them! Any of them.
Fitzgerald.
Wray
Holder
Brown
Soros
Obama.
Mueller.
He was referee but will not be charged. Tho smells like Trump trying to discredit a witness.
You???
All that tweeting Jack in no one has been indicted My mistake a lot of republicans have been
How about.......... @realDonaldTrump ????  Go work for Fox, and bring your kneepads to help Hannity.
