JackAss! He didn't praise Trump's policies directly, he spoke about the state of the economy which was left in a great state by Obama, RJ acknowledge that African A's unemployment rate has been steadily going down since Obama SAVED THE ECONONY!. Tell the truth u moron!.
It's disingenuous when people cite low unemployment rates (for anyone) without also noting the overall decrease in labor force participation.
If this is true, why sell it so effing hard?
For billionaires!
So a rich black man tells you that and that’s cool , that’s like saying I’m not a racist I have a black friend
Damn Lie
Jack ... just stop. You’re startin to sound like a jack ass!
Find another coon. We've heard enough from this one, goofy.


Jack get your head out of @realDonaldTrump ass!!!!
I need a pad in DC. Please share that $1,500 a month pad you mentioned on CNN.
When you need to pay a guy to tell you that, maybe it's truly not 
LOL! Still fishing are you Jackass?
We get it, Jackass heart Trump!
Take a break idiot! Not even you should make such an effort to look like a laughably lovesick bubble-headed schoolgirl!
Get giggly with it Kingston. Nothing is GOOD about Trump
Johnson has no clue as to how trumpnomics is affecting blacks people. He is a billionaire and he is a benefactor of the trump #taxscam so he will speak glowingly of the man that helped him pay less taxes than the average black man in America.
Duh???he benefits...he does not represent black poor Americans..really Jack...clown talk
That's rich...he already has his money easy to talk when you will personally benefit from Trump policy...ask everyday black Americans?  Really Jack..more clown statements
All billionaires black, white, green, yellow love TrumpS economy. They are the beneficiaries. We get an extra 1200 dollars a year. JACK.
Another billionaire pushing the supply side myth. Please... The fact that Johnson’s black means nothing. With him its all about his $$$. When the bill comes due on all this deficit spending, you won’t hear a peep out of Johnson besides the standard GOP refrain of more tax cuts.
He's just another lying billionaire like Dump.
Lies and bs
In Kingston Propaganda's head: "let's see the lefties argue my diversity token example. I think I got 'em this time...hehehe."

Your propaganda is gettin too predictable Jacko.
wait...so a billionaire wants lower taxes for them and find fewer services for the poor and lower middle class?  shocking
Says another billionaire, ok
