Low even for you making this child's death political. True colors come shining through always. #pitifulkingston
Jack you know nothing about “government run healthcare “. I have lived both systems and worked both and I will keep my universal healthcare, thanks. How dare you use the plight if this family for political gain. You are a piece of crap .
Keeping someone in a vegetative state alive is selfish and cruel. It’s not prolife
Jack, what could be sicker than pretending to care about children while your party guts their health insurance plans? 
Doesn't it ever cross your mind what a terrible human being you must be?
GOPs idea so much easier you can’t afford it anymore getting sicker is your new option
No one ever dies in the US system (if you’re rich and white) #AlfieEvansRIP
Jack Kingston must have a brain eating disease, at the end stages.  Just imagining who put that dumb fool in office is scary, to have had faith in his intelligence to accomplish something beneficial for them, damn.
An atrocious tweet from a vile human. Even low for a hack serpent like you Jack! 

Compassionate doctors, with reason, fought for the dignity of a little boys remaining life. At the same time heartbroken at the suffering of his parents. 

They are not political fodder for you!
You have know fucking idea what you are talking about idiot. 53 years old. Sick as hell for a long time. Well taken  care of by socialized medicine.  Proudly Canadian . Idiot!  Ask my family how they feel about me being taken care of to stick around. Idiot.
Turning this kid's last few days of life into a propaganda peice. 

Super classy. 

American politics has no bottom.
Your ignorance is unbelievable 

Act like man
You’re a complete tool and hypocrite. It’s very obvious that you care more about this child, while your party of hacks and deadbeats continues to deny its own citizens access to affordable healthcare. Fail Jacko.
Jack stay out of topics you know nothing about! You sound more moronic than ever with this tweet! @gop @RogueSNRadvisor
How about you innovate on that birth certificate search, Jack?
Mere "access" to healthcare, jacko?
Yeah what’s your excuse moron?
