Jack the Traitor
Traitors. The whole lot.
Then again, you didn't have to worry about it for long.
Eh, no. That’s no the reason at all.
Not like he can help them with their math homework
Right.....wanna buy a bridge?
LOL chooses family??????? Right like every politician running away because they added billion to our  debt and knows he would lose next election in embarrassing defeat. For one TELL THE TRUTH
You don't understand shit
Go be with YOUR family, Kingston, and give America a break from you... a much-needed break.
At least Paul is not a bully...he's honest...as he can be...God go with him
he's a wimp.
He chooses to run for cover , which is what he has done.
Bahahaha he's bailing because he was going to lose. He got his precious tax cut and wants to set up his presidential run.
Sir your constant positive spin on ALL republicans no matter what they do or say is gag worthy. You have that silly grin on your face 90% of the time almost as though you know you're speaking crap. Your party is AWFUL now and if the pundits don't start telling the truth.WE R GONE
Please, they're all teenagers. One of them is leaving for college soon. Paul Ryan is leaving because he's ruined this country and is afraid of re-election.
Eh. He’s bailing while the bailing is good.
LOL!

Jack you sure? 7 trillion dollars  added to the deficit  by Ryan budget might have something to do with it
I can’t understand why it was so difficult for him to represent all children.
He had a chance for greatness.  His children and their children will be ashamed of him.
#dunceKingston you and Paul have something in common. Both of you have children that will be emanarrased by your legacy of destroying what made America great and your grandchildren will change their names to disassociate from you both.
Uh, his three kids are all teenagers, you turd.
Yes, that’s why Ryan didn’t back legislation critical to families, such as family leave and maternity coverage. That’s how important American families are to him.
If he serves his children the same way he did America, his kids don't want him either.
I wish he would have chosen country. There are millions of people with families that he specifically intended to ruin while making himself and other rich people even richer.

Shame on him. Shame on you. Shame on the Republican Party.
Losers usually jump ship before it implodes. Ryan is also scheduled for a spine replacement as his current spine is pure jelly.
Must be nice that he got that Koch brothers retirement package, most of us with children have to work to support them



He doesn't give a fuck about me & my family and I don't give a fuck about him & his family. He fucked our country. He is an embarrassment. Good riddance!
#Ryan has grifted enough from his corporate lobbyist friends and rich zealot donors that he can easily have full time staff to take care of his kids. It’s hard to actually be a working parent, harder now because of policies pushed by Ryan. Don’t defend this greedy, slimy huckster
Jack you are so full of it.  His kids are 16, 15 and 13.  We all know why he is quitting.
This is a joke, right?
He's running like a bit*h cuz @IronStache was going to kick his ass!
Like so many #GOPers !
Ryan chooses to abandon ship before the GOP is crushed in midterms and he loses both speakership and majority.
He doesn’t want to go out a looser. Nothing to do with family.
And if you really think this is the reason he's not running for re-election, I've got a bridge to sell you.
You are a riot!!! Who writes your comedy routines like this one?
And it's bullshit.
Translation...Ryan will slink off to a cush private sector job set up by those he actually served: lobbyists and corporate boards.
Well good, maybe @speakerryan will now start doing the right thing about trump. It has been sickening watching him & most of the other GOP remain subservient & complicit to trump’s WH violations & corruption. Defend the country & our Constitution not just take $s from donors.
His kids are teenagers and would rather be left alone.
Absurd.  His children are basically adults.  He’s already missed it.  He’s just a coward.
but you dont care how Ryan fecks over everyone else with kids???
Yet millions of parents work long hours to provide for their children with far less.
Suuuuure, that's definitely the reason.
Is that what you think this is? We see something different. It’s a move this coward is making because he KNOWS the republicans will LOSE the midterms, and he wants to get out rather than be humiliated. ANYONE associated with @realDonaldTrump is toxic like he is. Including you.
Wtf are you talking about? Serve who? They don't do sht!
Just getting ahead of the inevitable. Losing the Midwest in droves Kingston. Your party has lost complete touch with the country.
Funny....his family concerns were never an issue before Trump's lawyers house and office got raided.

Funny how that happened....
He looted the country with the tax cuts. He got his pay day. Now he’ll lobby
That's not why he's quitting. He's quitting because he sees the writing on the wall. He KNOWS he's going to lose next election because of his kissing @realDonaldTrump butt too much and not doing what's right for America!
Yeah and also he knows he's going to prison.  Shut up, Jack.  You're annoying.
Jackass, Paul is smart enough to get off a sinking ship.
Jack you want to believe he is stepping down because of his small children. Everyone just can’t deal with the albatross in the White House. Except you.

He's a coward Jack.
Then you must realize this has nothing to do with family.
He is tired of babysitting @realDonaldTrump .
Next Out......FAKE PRESIDENT TRUMP!
Yeah, that’s it

Spare us the charade
Complicit.
Bullshit. He’s jumping ship and not upholding his constitutional duty. Gfy. You’re all weasels.
They’re not small
