Wasn’t the Bible used to justify slavery in the south for decades? I don’t think Christianity can make the claim to “right and wrong”, considering it’s based off an Iron Age text, that also recommends killing homosexuals and enslaving neighboring tribe’s women.
That was the Democrats.
I’m sorry, how is political party relevant to oppression based on a religious text? Just saying “it was the Democrats!” doesn’t change the Bible’s content.
How is it relevant? People on BOTH sides used the Bible. Anyone can misuse text if they distort it, kinda like you're doing. But only one party was 100% pro-slavery (the issue YOU brought up) -- the Democrats. Even till today, their very power depends on keeping blacks in check.
Ummm first of all can we go ahead and admit that if a book can easily be misinterpreted to either be for or against slavery, then maybe a supreme being could do a better job writing it? Second of all, misinterpret? It gives specific instructions for owning and beating slaves.
Satan knows the scriptures better than probably any human that has ever lived. Even he tried to use it to tempt Jesus in the desert. Some people could twist "Love thy neighbor". Just as you're trying to twist things here.
When a man strikes his male or female slave with a rod so hard that the slave dies under his hand, he shall be punished.  If, however, the slave survives for a day or two, he is not to be punished, since the slave is his own property. (Exodus 21:20-21). Twisting, huh?
This protects the lives of slaves. What other nation had such justice? None.
Chick-Fil-A Subs-Out their Training to God!
When Individuals with no intention of buying Anything, use Starbuck's WiFI, cuss-out the Manager and Police when asked to Leave, they are invoking their Religion of "the Rules don't apply to Me." Starbucks by siding with the "Company Rule" breakers should be Sued out of Business!
Starbucks does not have a policy requiring purchase. They broke no rule.
Then why are they closing at all if nothing wrong was done and if (the homeless) don't have to buy anything to hang out st Starbucks
Starbucks and the Left are trying to Politically Correct America to Death. Would we have heard about the Incident if the 2 Young Men were Asian? I was not there and don' know the Facts but Manager's Attorneys feel they have a Strong Defamation case!
Yes you would have heard about it.
And you're basing Your Opinion on What?
Ah yes, because closing out of respect for the church that molested children and tried to cover it up is a great way to teach right and wrong.
Oh!!  Clever point about the ....

Wait.  You’re talking about the Catholic Church.  

The founder of Chick-fil-a is a Southern Baptist.  

The Protestants broke away from the church over 300 years ago....

But nice try.  Next time, stick to the facts when you tweet slander
yeah yeah pretend all you want
You just referenced the founder of a music festival.

The Christian code of moral standards is the greatest ever. Period.

Not all choose to follow, correct. At least they try to have a code to follow. You?

BTW, before you go there, I’m conservative, yes, but I’m an atheist.
Yeah I'm sure you're atheist
Um....ok.
Was looking forward to a good heated discussion with you, but just read your bio.

“Chances are you don’t know what you are talking about. Chances are I don’t know what I am talking about. Everyone is an idiot.”

You just won with that shit. Love it. I might have to steal it....
Starbucks could close 365 and in less than few days no one would miss it.
TORCHED
You realize his tweet is an anti-gay tweet right?
I must have missed @JackPosobiec’s anti-gay inference, so may I please ask you to enlighten me & others on how it’s anti-gay, especially since 1 of my best friends-more like my brother is gay.  Especially the glorious day that @RichardGrenell finally became Ambassador to Germany.
Just so you know what Chick-fil-A considers “right and wrong.”  It contributed millions of dollars to anti-gay organizations and was a zealous opponent of gay marriage. Their homophobic CEO was not shy about expressing his disapproval in the media prior to his death in 2014.
They’re Americans & entitled to a different opinion.  I get you portraying your a dog named qfyer a Rapper, which is great as I love animals, but you do believe the 1A means we as Americans are entitled to our own differering thoughts & belief, or we would be like Iran?
1.  My dog was named 17 years ago, so not "named [typo] after a Rapper, so quite obvious you don't "get" anything.  You think whatever you want, but I also have the right to respond if you are going to publicly post your opinion.  Bye honey.  You brought a knife to a gun fight.
I tried to care but chic-fil-et but since their food is so gross it doesn’t matter what they think.
As half of the people in this thread hit the drive through at Starbucks on their way to Church
Our Lady of Mar-a-Lago 
Saturday and Sunday the President isn't at Church but golfing at a
FL Historical LandMark He made a Country Club that he charges $200,000 to get in the door since he became President
Chic fil a is responsible for Donald Trump?
GOP is so going to be so accountable for President Trump 
Most awesome tweet ever!!

Tweet of the Year!!!
AND I’d bet their employees #MoralTraining is likely in Church- #JustSayn
What the hell just happened?
Any info please...I am stuck at the golf course today. The LPGA tournament is in town, Mediheal in Daly City (technically NOT in San Francisco)


FUNNY!  I don't do liberal Starbucks!  Although I have stock. Now THATS SMART!!
1. Weren't you caught screwing around on your pregnant wife?

2. When I worked for CFA, I spent my Sundays engaged in all manner of sodomy, coveting, and mixed fabrics.

3. "Racism is unacceptable" is a better stance than "homosexuality in the third world should be illegal."
Didn’t you go on Bumble to cheat on your pregnant wife? Why do you feel morally superior? 
That’s why I almost always eat at Chick-Fil-A when eating fast food. Good food for the body AND the soul.
Love this tweet!!
Love Chik-fila
Oh snap.
LOVE THIS
Starbucks is getting training in abasement and virtue-signaling.
Amen brother!

Hey, this should mean we can shut down the Government & Family Court every single day & have the PUBLIC. teach them that allowing incentives to take us from our children is wrong!  #GoodbyeAFCC
No it doesnt. The employees aren't being trained, they're home. Starbucks closed their stores, but the employees had to show up for work. Chick fillet takes Sunday off to make their company appear christian. Companies can't be religious, they're not people.
Gotta love respecting the Sabbath and Christian values.
Amen!! Great tweet!!!
Haha no they dont. They close 52 times for no good reason at all
Starbucks is virtue-displaying its way towards bankruptcy.
Yeah, but look at the rampant history of chick-Fil-A's indiscretions against American society vs. Starbucks. Thank God someone forced the leadership at chik-fil-a to train their prople how to be nice. Is 52 times a year going to be enough for them?
You mean to tell me that Starbucks hired children who don't know right from wrong? Where are the men (and women) who can govern their time on their own authority? Isn't America a nation born out of the "fathers" of liberty?
Tweet of the year!
Daenerys Targaryen is the rightful heir to the Iron Throne!  Deal with it.
#Fact 
Yes we all need a weekly break from dealing with stupid.
Price of coffee is going up

Oh snap...
how many Christians 'liked' this tweet who go out to eat or shopping on Sunday all the time...EASY.....
Under Sam Walton, Wal-Mart use to not open on Sunday until 1:00 PM. For about 2 hours weekly all of it's employees had the option to take the "love your customers as yourself" training.
Oooooo BURN @Starbucks !!!!
This is a perfect tweet.
They also hate gay people. But nice try
Closed a day out of the week, and blessed beyond measure for honoring Him on the Sabbath
I dont think "one day" is not enough to train their stupid employees.
And hopefully they attend the right place to learn right from wrong #Church
If GQ gets its way, the younger generations won't even understand this reference. 
Perfect!
Thank you! ( My pleasure)
Excellent point!
54 if you count the FAMILY holidays of Thanksgiving and Christmas.
The company is all about the customers and making them happy. That’s why when something like this happens it’s unacceptable. Behavior like that isn’t what starbucks stands for. It was an unfortunate situation and unfortunately it happened within the company.
Wow!!! What a profound observation!,,,, AMEN!!!!
Amen

To be fair Starbucks can’t close on Sundays or Baptists would never make it to church....
Woooo!!!!
Actually, given Chick-Fil-A's fundamentalist, phony Christian orientation, employees are more likely to be getting training on right-wing and wrong.
Yes, even the best of us needs one day of rest. If not you turn into Mcdonalds.
Closing on Sundays does not constitute "training" on right and wrong...
It is a good start.give Starbucks a chanch.trump don't run that company
Is that the day the employees ritualistically kill chickens and sacrifice them to Baal?
Chick fil-A always had and continues to have values
Starbucks should close permanently!!! Their products are VERY over priced and are of poor quality from my point of view!!!
Without closing.
Except @Starbucks will *pay* their folks for that day. @ChickfilA will not x 52.
Training in absolutes? lol, great way of saying putting the human race back a "couple hundred" years.

For those of you who don’t know, that’s once a week
They need to train them on how to make some biscuits and gravy
As does Hobby Lobby too

BOOM!
@Starbucks @ChickfilA
Lol, nice.
Love it
Excellent

Every Sunday.
Not to mention CfA gives free meals annually, picks up hurricane marooned citizens, daddy-daughter breakfasts, free breakfast every Wed for a month twice a year, fund raising & drive up service for moms.
BRILLIANCE! !
I love Chick-Fil-A.  I’ve never been thrown out of a Chick-Fil-A to use their bathroom.  I have been in Starbucks and had to ask for the restroom combo and I always get a second look.  I generally buy something AFTER I use the facilities.
hasnt helped them at all
Im not a big chicken sandwich guy but will always support a fellow christan company that acknowledges the Sabbath. #ChickfilA #hobbylobby
Great tweet..
The best answer I have ever seen on Twitter
And on top of that @ChickfilA employees are free to examine their own souls instead of having a preordained program shoved down their throats.
For a homophobe you sure are sucking god’s dick.
You heard wrong. 

Starbucks ia closing so they can re-align their employees with political correctness.
Chick-Fil-A closes every Sunday so their employees can go to church and spend time with their families and yet they are the best run, best fast food chain !
Amen
Chick Fil A is still blantantly homophobic.
Just because someone has traditional Christian values that doesn’t mean they’re homophobic.
Chick-Fil-A could do that 365 days a year and still be a morally corrupt and tainted corporation.
Unfortunately all that worship doesn’t make their food any better.  So gross!

Jack, you chose a lengthy and convoluted way to say “I’m a bigot or a racist or some other form of demon”.
Plenty of coffee shops that have WiFi other than Starbucks....and the coffee and service is better.

And the food is astronomically better and fresher. I won't set foot in a Muslim loving Starbucks. They've got enough money from the herd mentality crowd.
Perhaps @Starbucks can send its employees to @ChickfilA for an in service day on Customer service. Chick-Fil-A has great customer service, case closed.
Who says religion gets it right? Or that all religious leaders are pious examples of how to live life?
Maybe not all but the ones I associate and admire with are. My folks need good Christian values.
One of the reasons i don’t go to chick-fil-a
Mic drop
Craziness around the world -
Amen
BOOM.
Maybe you need some focused training? 
(Perhaps The Gospels that you ironically seem to be using as a weapon here?)
Amen
Astute observation! Amen.
Roasted! Amen to that!
No. They close their doors on sundays
That would be Sundays so that the people can go to church to learn right grom wrong. Great tweet Jack.


A day for God and his Word is needed by all!
up to 54! (Thanksgiving and Christmas)
Amen!!!
Depends on where employees go on Sunday. Some get there racism reinforced on their day off.
Thanks Jack. #MAGA
But @Starbucks was one of first companies saying they had no problem hiring illegals hence I've been boycotting them ever since.  Not so much Chick-Fil-A.  Will admit boycott has saved me a fortune!
Hobby lobby does not give the God of Abraham's Sabbath off that's the problem with Christianity  they bow down to Satan and keep his holy days  and scoff at the days God commanded us to remember and call themselves good.
Not right or wrong it's to follow policy or not!If it was a black woman than this wouldn't be an issue.Seeing how left want to place race card why haven't they come out against a black man killing father by stabbing him while holding his daughter?Wait rules don't apply to blacks!
Damn I really like their frappes, but the unnecessary shit they do to people I'll  boycott til they get it together!

Best tweet I've ever seen
I don't want to know what Starbucks' thinks is right. Run by leftists.
I absolutely love this one.
Now gonna have to make myself a chicken sammich without salmonella or botulism.

Exactly
They also buy shit on the black market from ISIS, but don't tell anyone because they have good nugz
Both extremely large corporations. 
What's your dog in that fight ? 
U work for chick fil a ?
When the idea of right and wrong is always changing whenever a new oppressed subgroup is discovered a day of re-education is obviously necessary!
C-F-A  refreshes themselves weekly about dignity of creatures and mutual respect.
I walked into a Starbucks and asked for the password to the WiFi. The barista said "you have to buy something first." I ordered an espresso and again I asked for the password to the WiFi. The barista replied "you have to buy something first, all lower case and no spaces."
Good one!
Neil Boortz tweeted this first
Ahhhhhh...
Closing on Sunday's is fine, but I doubt most employees use that to go to church, which would not at all be equivalent to bias training anyway. Also If a "church" is just glorified morality training it's doing it so so wrong.
The head of Starbucks is a candy a$$. Who throws the police under the bus for doing their job . That was a simple trespass arrest of two people who was told to leave for not buying anything and refused to leave .They were trespassing after being told to leave and they refused.

Best tweet of the day
It would be good if SB closed permanently.
Damn. Sick burn. I like it.
I love the unspoken “closed for Sunday services” analogy.
You can't teach an old liberal new tricks, they get confused at the thought of kindness.
Did not Starbucks ask its baristas to engage customers with talk on racism in 2015.  The training they do two years later?
Well played sir...
BOOM!
Well said!!!
THIS IS SO BULLS--T   STARBUCKS => "SPINELESS"
Yes, because evangelicals have such a stellar reputation for not engaging in racism and bigotry... 
Amen!
POW. ER. FUL.
Well said...::
A profound statement - and a profound example of liberal vs conservative values.
@ChickfilA closes 52 tines a year to train employees the difference between right and wrong? 
#factcheck please @ChickfilANews 

I don’t think you actually meant that, just that they close 52 times a year. But... words matter
Jack you kill me!!!! 
We called it Primary here, happened every week!
I THINK IT IS CALLED PROPAGANDA BRAINWASHING!!!
Amen
Best tweet of the day! 
Bammm!
AMEN
LOVE THIS TWEET!
BOOM...this is soooo good.  Brilliant!
Dang LT! .... that’s pretty good.
Starbucks will go out of Buisness soon! BOYCOTT FOR LIFE. Test show THIER was fecal matter found in THIER Coffee. Maybe they should let THIER employees to Wash THIER hands and wear Plastic Gloves. Won’t matter anyway! No one buys THIER overpriced coffe anymore!
Brilliant!

Awesome tweet!
Judging by your tweets you could stand to do the same there Jack. Get off bumble if you’re married too. That’s pretty early in the good book.

NICE!!!
Irony alert:  At Starbucks you can buy one cup of coffee and sit there all day using their wifi.  I got no love for their philosophies, but they are flogging themselves for no reason. It's hysterical.
#BoycottStarbucks

its called sunday, lol
Wow, and they still cant get it right?
I don’t think that is quite the same thing...
@HobbyLobby too...
Winner! Winner! Chicken Dinner!!! Best tweet of the week!!
awwwwwwwwwwwwww...BURN @Starbucks
Excellent!!!!!!!!

