I remember when comedians were funny and models where pretty.
If you can’t stand the heat get out of the kitchen.  Talk about petty.  She’s a comedian, she did what she was hired to do.   I wonder if all the backlash is because she’s a woman. That has got to be why all these men’s boxers are in a bunch.  Especially 45 and @JackKingston
But Trump can mock, degrade and make fun of everyone seriously but in comedy not allowed? hypocrites
Holding comedian to higher standards than the president. Shall we review the endless list of personal attacks Trump has made that weren't jokes? Glass houses.

Wag the dog
Jack if the President of the US can degrade everyone under the sun .evetday all day..use profane language..denigrate and use women..steal from the public..lie..cheat on his wife..and steal an election you have the nerve to talk about a roast that told the truth...
As opposed to Trump's tasteless comments that aren't jokes. Oh sweet hypocrisy.
That was a foregone conclusion. You don't think this year and last year was intentional? He has NO sense of humor.
If anyone knows tasteless...it would be you JACK
Cash Shanda the Heath stay out the kitchen
Well if anyone knows tasteless it's you! We won't soon forget your tasteless comments about little #AlfieEvans
You're tasteless everyday
Hope he does.  He can dish it out but can't take it.  Sanders got a taste of her own medicine. She is very arrogant and has a serious attitude problem.
Sarah=trump set you up for the big fall
trump can dish it out but can't take it .sign of a cowart
trump showed up at Obama's dinner,why not to his? He has think skin
Pussy
Slow talking hillbilly
But when Trump talks about women bleeding from wherever, calling them pigs and says he grabs em by the pussy, where is your righteousness indignation.
You have no right to call anyone else tasteless when you support Donald Trump.  Why not recommend he take the “high road” instead of expecting everyone else to?  Why not ask him to raise the standards of how he and his people treat others instead of acting outraged at jokes?
Awesome job Michelle! Screw
Hey Jack, it’s a roast... not a valedictorian speech. If you know you’re getting roarsted ya better be prepared..Sarah’s mistake was that she thought she should be on a pedestal..
I thought Michelle was great! Kudos to her. Sarah is a liar but then again the majority of his administration is too.
Jack you just seem to be overly sensitive.... bet you thought it was all fun and games when Obama was made fun of ... you right wingers are so lost in your own lack of worth
Hey Jack, someone told me one day to kiss his ass. I said I didn't bend that low. Guess you do.  And that someone.....Was my own father. Looks like some of us have morals and values and integrity.  What has it cost u to lose yours?
Not a Sarah fan but it was to Dirty & personal
Ya’ll know when @PressSec be lying; she gots a tell,  her mouth be open..
That was funny. 
https://twitter.com/tonyposnanski/status/990634662157541376 …. He can dish but can’t take it
I can’t believe Michelle Wolf called Sarah Sanders a dog...

Oh wait that was Rush Limbaugh on 12 year old Chelsea Clinton..…
Did Huchabeast eat that whole possum she ordered for dinner?
Another hurt Trumpanzee...it’s locker room talk Jacko. That should help to clarify things Tool Bag.
Yeah he's a coward
Yeah.... prison!
#dunceKingston you just say so much dumb. 
Jack, one has to ask is this all you have to discuss?  If you were such an influential congressman and now pundit, why are you trying to find positive things to unite vs divide? You are symptomatic of the problem with the GOP that I support, or did. POTUS w/ ur help ruin America!
Sarah Suckabee Sanders shows no pity whenever she opens her mouth and lies time and time again for that imbecile in the oval office, why then should we show her any pity. Just another example of the pond #SCUM in the WH.
Trump has a long history of disparaging people and you have a long history of kissing his butt. Jack is such a Snowflake 
Sarah deserves a Purple Heart.

Just locker room talk
Most likely The President will be out of Office before the next Correspondents dinner. NO predictions are needed..!
Good... hopefully it will be jail

#LockHimUp
Jack, let me tell you something Trump is a bully. But bullies are cowards. He’s afraid to go to that dinner because he can’t take it. He can give it out pretty good. But he’s a little weasel. You should quit defending him Jack you don’t have a leg to stand on.
Ok even if it was tasteless who are you to judge when you say nothing about Trumps spouting off?
Ha ha. Like he would’ve shown up anyway!
And will instead send the women of his staff to take the heat for him
Someone tell Jack that's not a threat 

Not far enough . She is a Liar for Hire . suck it up Buttercups ,listen to Trump attack women Physically and Publicly .
The criticism for this irrelevant and divisive tweet  is not POTUS. This is all Jack Kingston who increasingly epitomizes sycophantism.
Paid to lie to the country.
if he makes it another year
She’s a shameless liar Jacko and so are you. Since you both believe the press is the enemy of the people (much like Stalin) I think it’s better this entire treacherous administration stay away.
Almost as difficult as trump had watching the para-olympians? If you can’t take it, the @WhiteHouse should learn to not criticize everyone and everything.  You’ve become a the snowflake that u despise!!!
Don't you find it tough to watch any games sometimes?  So if Trump who is boldly honest, and not indulging in poli-tricks said it was tough so what... You are stirring up dissension.  Shame on you.  He did not mean it the way you are spinning it.
Keep telling yourself that....he didn’t say, “games are difficult” when Alabama, Cubs, Patriots etc....visited the White House. Only when disabled athletes arrived. #sad
It was just a locker room talk.
He's a coward.  Plain and simple.
Typical. You’re already starting the blame for next year’s event. Face it Trump can’t take it. He’s the bully that got beat up and you’ll always be a toadie.
The only way your king would show up to anything similar to the WHCD is if it were the Donald Trump Correspondents Dinner.
I’m sure Jack thinks Wolf’s jokes were more offensive than Trump mocking the disabled or his refusal to help Puerto Rico.
I think Pence will go.
It amazes me that the Right gets all aghast at insults thrown their way when their leader. @realDonaldTrump flings from the gutter every day.
Based past rude and tasteless Trump comments my bet is Sanders will brush them off as a joke!

Hypocrite much
He has a fragile EGO and lies will not work for him there!
Oh Jack what a snowflake, that coward wouldn’t show up regardless and yea it’s not fun to be around people who actually call out your BS instead of bowing to you and telling you how great you are (you are one of those)
You know his ego could not stand to be there.  He would rage about it for days and oh, the multiple tweets that would come out.
Yeah, it’s called prison.  It may have been tasteless, but it was absolutely true. Grow up man.
He won’t be president this time next year.  He will resign in disgrace
Jack....nobody likes you anymore.
Cuz he’s a p*ssy
trump will probably be under indictment by then
