Apparently that’s what is on your mind....
Only because the don has betrayed our nation 
Jack Kingston is a paid State Media actor.   It’s that simple.
It like having a big pimple on your face jack, it’s hard to think about anything important when everyone is staring at a big infection that needs to be popped.
I mean’s.. who cares da president lies ever day, right? As long a da president likes us jacky.. we’ll defend @realDonaldTrump no matters who he dun molests.. dem ladies should feel lucky he gave em attention . Right jacky?
Yes it is. People are sick of the drama that his president and his associates cause and the mockery that they are making of our country.
Are you Repubs trying to hide something
We think about everything that is going on!  We even wonder what the hell is wrong with you!
What is wrong with You?
The police are taking precautions for a potential problem. You truly are delusion, Cracker Jack. Take your meds.
You’re right it’s more important to get rid of a corrupt president. Tick-Tock
Jacky, I hope you don’t protest when you find out the bad thins Donny has done. #lockhimup
Him firing Mueller would be justification for a REVOLUTION
idiot!  A pre-planning is a http://good.You  be upset if something happen & they weren’t prepared. 60% of population think Potus, & u, are wrong for USA. That includes this Georgian! Syria no effect me, I have job & feel safe but not w/ trump as POTUS! U both are SAD!
May be the American Public is sick of the criminal that is running this country..... and all of his cronies
And who keeps the narrative going
Judging from Dinky Don’s recent Twitter tirades Syria isn’t in his mind either. Fail.
Broken presidency

Broken morality

Broken integrity

Broken democracy

@realdonaldtrump is
Debasing the Country.
Devoid of nuance.
Defending racist right wing agenda.

UNTETHERED TO THE TRUTH.
Do you even hear yourself?
That's right, Jack. And yes...Americans do worry about our justice system which is going to hell these days.
What are you so afraid of Jack...? Your President seems more interested in Stormy than running the country.  What are ANY REPUBLICAN'S doing to earn their pay? With all the distractions they're getting a free ride on the tax payer.
You are correct Jack.  Everything must take a back seat to defend against any assault on the rule of law that Pumpkinhead undertakes.
Jack you will never understand Trump is the greatest threat to this country he is dividing us deep
So Jack, who is organizing the  spontaneous riot?
Speaking of jobs; this last year was the lowest amount of jobs created since 2011. You sure you want to go there Jacky boy?
If they try to impeach Trump over a bogus charge the full force of Trump supporters will show THEIR feelings...you can count on that.
Jack............ass.. That's for safety.. You should convince Trump to fire Mueller.. Lets see what happens..

WHY DID YOU GO TO RUSSIA JACK? QUIT IGNORING THE QUESTION.
You do know, Jack that this is how Trump works his diversions from his other issues, right.. #throwoff
Very interesting development: Cohen has dropped the libel lawsuits he filed against BuzzFeed & Fusion GPS over the dossier. Now won’t have to answer related questions in litigation. Comes days after McClatchy reported Mueller has evidence he was in Prague.
Yes. They want to save what’s left of this great democracy. Gfy.
