What were you doing in Russia you silly little man with that ridiculous hat
#dunceKingston vicious and unfair define you and the @GOP. Stop whining. #merrickgarland and everything tRUmp has done defines vicious and unfair. Should I say it in Russian so you understand?
Please shut the fuck up you god damn tool , your head is so far up Trumps ass boy , somebody needs to take you to woodshed and whoop your ass a few times and teach you a lesson about lying on TV 
The reports came from PEOPLE WHO WORK FOR JACKSON. He could have gone thru the process, HE choose not to. Secret service has no creditably in this, they would have been the ones NOT filing the reports in the first place....
Hey smug self satisfied smirk, looking a little stressed on CNN this morning. Is the Trumpster fire getting to you?
If that’s true why didn’t Trump stand by him?

Relevant experience matters. The man was totally unqualified.
The Secret Service said they don’t have a report doesn’t mean it didn’t happen. We were told trump didn’t sleep with and then pay off Daniels but that happened. If Jackson was innocent and a victim of unfair allegations he should have defended himself at the confirmation hearing!
Vicious and unfair? 20+ former coworkers and military members voluntarily came forward with grave concerns about Jackson’s inability to manage/contributing to hostile work environment/conduct and drinking #spareUs
Wow but one of your own Mr Gowdy says that he should be investigated... once again Jack your are on the wrong side of history .... uhh that may be the only thing people will remember about you
"Wah!Wah!Wah!", cried weepy upset Jack K. "Viscous means thick liquid, Jack O'Brainston". Do you mean viscous?
Innocent people don`t run away ,only the Guilty run and hide . 20 of his fellow servicemen/woman accuse him . not Tester , why isn`t there a Military Investigation being Called ? B/c Dr Feel Good is Guilty ! and Trump once again is an Idiot .
Secret Service! Oh, Jack, you must really STOP BELIEVING TRUMP!
Jack sure knows how to draw out the nuts...all he has to do is make one post. If he posted that the Sharks won last night ...the asses would be all over him.
Can't really understand why these people withdraw if the accusations they are accused of are fabricated lies. He should have hung in there and defended himself. See man like a good man to me.
Hey Jack. Remember your viscous attacks on Obama’s citizenship?
Maybe if @realDonaldTrump nominated a qualified candidate instead of someone who just tripped over himself flattering the President, this never would’ve happened. This is Trump’s fault for always thinking he can do whatever the hell wants to do. Ruins a career along the way.
How @PressSec Sanders went from being a bright, competent and likable young operative to the face of the most dishonest press operation in White House history https://politi.co/2FqcolI  via @POLITICOMag @JasonSchwartz
Trump might have wanted to vet his nominee so he isn't thrown to the lions. The attack on Tester is impotent. 

Fyi Jack, next time you are on TV, fix your tie and collar. It makes your lies seem more credible.
Let it ripped ! Jacky , better be good !
