#dunceKingston in case you missed it we have conspirators already pleaded guilty. Maybe they’re not covering it on RT so you missed it?
That is exactly what it is from the standpoint of a propagandist, which is what you are.
Jacky, let Mueller do his job.  When Donny goes to jail you can bake cookies and take them to him in prison. #lockhimup
Ahhh Sorry Jack
So if, for example, Russian money laundering is discovered, you'd want to overlook it? Now just what were you doing in Russia in December 2016, #ComradeKingston?
And this is Jack Kingston glossing over the fact that there are more Republicans then Democrats on that committee.
"Groping"

Nice word usage Kingston Propaganda.
Please see: 
1. #accesshollywood video.
Immoral trump.
2. Bill Cosby guilty.
Scared they might turn up something on you Trump tool?
Interesting that you use the word “groping”. Trump must have taught you a thing or two about groping. He’s a pro
#Tool
Most gropers are either in the GOP Congress or white house. 
How has the dossier been wrong,  Jacko?
Finally earning their paycheck and doing their job
Groping around? Find that birth certificate?
Sure makes term limits appealing, doesn’t it.
Jack---the vote was 14-7   Remember Trump is innocent.
November 7th is going to be he'll for Trump supporters. The Wave is coming.
Conspiracy is a crime and that is what we have. Conspiracy between Trump & Putin as evidenced by Trump's refusal to defend America from  Russian attacks. All of Trump's claims -- "he has done more" are just pure, unadulterated BS! Putin has Donnie in a pickle over sex tapes.
Screw you Jack!
What could he possibly find on an honest & honorable businessman like Trump? Just kidding we both know Fat Donnie is shady & always has been. Just what is to be expected from a guy with the morals of a cat in heat & the ethics of a crack whore.
As usual you must have contacted your boss and now posted your “ORIGINAL THOUGHT”.
Triumph for the Rule of Law.

#ProtectMueller 

#TrumpRussia
When you & Fox News are gone - we'll still have Lady Justice.
He's investigating Russian interference into our democracy, and he's finding all sorts of potential criminality already, including numerous guilty pleas and others taking the 5th Amendment. FYI.
Then by default you must support criminal behavior just your buddies Trump and Hannity.
I am sure they have found way more than collusion already. So what’s your gripe? You want him to be above the law? He put himself in a position that $$ can’t buy him out of. Sad.
Nonsense, Jack.
Let PRESIDANT TRUNP DO HIS DANG JOB!!!!!!

Lol. Suprised you haven't gotten your subpoena yet, goofy.
What planet do you live on? You have to expand beyond Fox & Friends. Seriously.
Jack the only professional in this whole saga is Mueller. If the president had released his taxes when he said he would this would have been mute. There are no leaks from Mueller. So you need to stop saying no collusion until his report is ready. PERIOD.
Crimes Jack. They are looking for crimes. They are investigators. Why you got your titie whities in a bunch over this?
Are you getting anxious, Comrade?  Tell us how you managed to get involved wth Russia. How many convictions and indictments were made at this point of Watergate?  Take your time, we’ll wait.
@JackKingston   Have no faith in you any more. Always thought you were just a bit simple but now I know your are corrupt just like Trump without a brain
Stop putting the cart before the horse. Please.
Don’t worry #ComradeKingston, I’m sure #Mueller has enough of what he needs and will continue to unravel all of traitorous @realDonaldTrump’s many lies.

But unlike a self-preserving rat, you intend to sink with the ship.
This is the Senate “messaging” to #Mueller to continue groping around until he finds something whether it has anything to do with collusion or not.  http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/384990-senate-panel-approves-bill-to-protect-special-counsel …
I don’t know why you want to defend corruption but I guess do you boo 
Oh, we’re way past collusion pal. 
No sir this is congress doing its job.
