Alabama visits White House on Tuesday.

Recap: https://bit.ly/2IFyYc8 

…
Congratulations for behaving respectfully at the WH, Jack? Low bar. Opportunity to lambaste another group? More likely.
And why are the Warriors snotty Jack?...because they don't want to stand beside a treasonous President...i'm down with the snot!...
Jack. You’ve lost all credibility. Sit down and be quiet. Crapping on people for not wanting to meet trump (especially black players who you know nothing about) is their right and not for you to make an issue out of it.
Congrats to Golden State. It’s called having principles.
Only 1/4 of graduating seniors went. Mandatory for underclassman
If only someone could get @realDonaldTrump to act like one.
Disappear Kingston!
Jacky, Americans respect the office of the POTUS.  They don’t have to respect the man that is POTUS.  Respect is earned.  Trump is not a respectable man.
Jack...again with the bully name calling....u should be ashamed...you would make children proud to emulate your bulling..Huh???...
Jack you are such a big whiner.  I don't think you calling out someone to act like grown ups is justified when you yourself don't act like a grown up.
Excellent hall monitoring, Jack!
Jackass!, so Golden State Warriors are Snotty because they protest against your pimp president!, u can't deny what an ass kisser U R, & want ppl 2b a mediocre individual like u!. Good 4 Alabama team!, they aren't  better nor worse than the warriors, they just made their choice!
They are college players. They don’t have a choice, numb nuts.
Someone needs to grow the fuck up.
What a small human being you are. Peaceful Protests are protected Free Speech. why  do you people have to infringe on others'?
It must suck to have your negative view of the world. Always hating.
You know who is snotty? The Republicans who are spitting on the US Constitution.
https://www.salon.com/2017/01/03/the-first-act-of-governing-house-republicans-vote-to-gut-the-office-of-congressional-ethics/ … You know who is snotty? The House Republicans. Shame on you.

Snotty? Really? Of all the words you could have chosen, you settled on snotty! Wow. Jack, if you read just 20 minutes a night that’s 1.8 million words per year! Think of the additional words you could have chosen to replace snotty! https://www.ispot.tv/ad/A9CW/the-more-you-know-education-learn-to-read-feat-bryan-dattilo … #TheMoreYouKnow
Snowflake
GO DAWGS INDEED!
Sorry jack Black kids living in the south don't have a choice.
Dawgs will be there only if we can run the ball which means we have replace the line.  Tall order
You have a deference fetish it seems.
Golden State didn't want anything to with that Pig of President...they have more class !!!
U TRUMP BOOTLICKER
Roll Tide...
