You sure liked him when he reopened the emails. Hypocrite.
I made a very similar remark. I wouldn’t have thought this of Jack but he is indeed a hypocrite and a sycophant. Useless hands.
Horrible and always smirking
Jack you are whining a lot lately.  Are you worried there will be something on you?
You are a scumbag. Comey served for years as a respected FBI agent until Trump came along. How can you turn your back on people that actually care about this country and support Trump, who ONLY cares about money and fame?
Says a man that supports a serial liar and sexual predator. Your preaching can now STOP!
A.. wiping jacm
"Morally unfit to be President"

Thanks Comey.
Tell us all something we don't know.

Kingston Propaganda agrees.

Give it up Jacko, your just an unpaid smear campaigner. Hahaha!
If all that's left for this Presidency is finding out about a new extramarital affair the President is alleged to have carried on & Michael Cohen is alleged to have suppressed every week, I'm out.
You're next Jacko!
Keep watching
And you forgot #DisingenuousJack #Jackass #Jackshit
Donald J. Trump is guilty.

Why?
Because he thinks nothing he did was/is wrong.
And
He did it.

Be loyalty to that @realdonaldtrump
Jack, stop tweeting. You do know Trump doesn't care that you're out tonight trying to defend him, don't you?
Breitbart! Really?
Good boy Jackie - you get your balls scratched by Donnie tonight
“Morally Unfit”

Wait, wait, wait.....you are sharing a story from http://breitbart.com ?  You know you can pick a better conservative media outlet than breitbart.

I was trying to figure out who you remind me of. It finally came to me. You are the perfect Igor to trumps Dr. Frankenstein.
You're so clever, Jack.
Angry, old, white Jackie loves #maga #gop family values.

Now his family and every #maga #gop girl must comply to men like Jack and #trump:

Pussygrabbing
A long list of sexual assault allegations
Praising wife beater #robporte
Defend sexual abuser
Support child molester
he' out FBI he should run against Trump .....
Comey has more integrity in his little finger than u have had in a lifetime.
#LyingDonald #corruptTrump #cheaterDonald
