London has fallen. 
Bahahahaha
Kindly get f***ed, Jack, the UK is proud of our sensible policies and vastly superior public health record. We look at you, and pity you.
I used to really like watching Jack as a commentator. But all of a sudden he went so far off to the right it was unbelievable. He would say things in defense of trump that was so far fetched. I had to turn him off. So sad to see a Southern Man sink this low.
Name calling, really?  Oh Jack, I have even less respect for you now than I did — which wasn’t much.
So true.  Those soy-boys, rainbow softies crying that people should have the right not to get stabbed by a knife.  How weak.  What about the real victims, the gun and knife manufacturers.  They are constantly under attack.  Let’s stand up for them so they can become wealthy!
But, there are criminals running our whitehouse and Jack is ok with that.
Real professional and mature Jack. @CNN @CNNPolitics get this hack off your station. You’re losing viewers!
#dunceKngston spouting Putin’s lines again. Can you please tweet in Russian going forward?
Fear mongering is your party’s specialty.  Fear of immigrants, fear of minorities, fear of Muslims, fear of Democrats, and so fearful you have to have a gun.  Yet progressives are “snowflakes”.  LOL
When pigs sit in the Oval Office
Cowards buy a draft evasion diagnosis of bone spurs.
http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/attytood/president-trump-impeachment-obstruction-of-justice-emoluments-clause-20180410.html … The coward in the White House is a wholly owned subsidiary of Mother Russia. He is involved in so much criminal activity, the number of scapegoats who are going to go to jail before it is impossible to defend Trump will be in double digits.
A new low even for a newt like you.

Come on Jack. You used to be better than this.
Jack sure know how to influence others with your poignant remarks!  I wouldn’t have a problem of not having everyday people with guns. “Well regulated militia” means trained which seems a lot of gun owners aren’t!
Sounds like you got your feelings hurt, tough guy.
Jack..name calling again???
I thought you were snowflake government albeit retired!
Wimpy four eyes little freak said what?
