You really have no story for yourself so you keep tweeting. Defending a so call man that is weak, ignorant & lazy

The answer is she wanted to face that piece of  Cohen.  Oh, how’s Hannity doing. Ever hear of Watergate.Cohen will flip and down goes all the assholes in the WH and I mean all.
Why not?
I can't imagine why they were wondering that, Jack, because they all knew she was in court to testify. As for the cameras, I seem to recall your hero's announcement of his election bid with hired actors and cameras all over the place.  Seem like fair turnabout, don't you agree?
Hey I remember when Trump invited Bill Clinton’s sexual accusers to the second debate! 

Hypocrite much
Wacky jacky! Lay off the juice
Probably a little more than that pal.
The fact that she was dressed is a step up for her.
This zinger  would apparently apply to trump too. Am I right?
Only in your mind.
Doesn’t he have numerous affairs with women that are not clothed? Wouldn’t he then be unclothed and therefore it’d be a step up for him too.
Why are y’all so obsessed with Naked Trump? 
It’s nightmare material. Wanted to make sure if stormy was being criticized for certain thinfmgs that trump was too.
She makes a living naked.
I know, trump pays her for it.
Why wasn't Hannity there?
Wrong! She’s involved in the case!!!!!

She needs to just HUSH!!!!! We don’t care a lick about what porno star are PRESIDANT sleeps with!!!!! It is His buisness!!!!!!!!! #MAGA
Jack, Is Cohen your lawyer also? You old lying cynic, history will not be kind.
Too bad she didn't do it during the Republican primaries, amiright?
Oooooooh sick burn dude
Not really, press want to know why Sean H. Is a “client” of Michael Cohen.  Jack, you are struggling to come up with some way to “defend” POTUS who is crooked, a liar and only cares not about USA but only Trump and his family, and that is questionable. Jack, r an embarrassment Ga
Jacky, are you worried what might be revealed in this investigation?  Donny must not be sleeping well. #lockhimup
Those shoes look really stupid with that outfit. That’s all I’m sayin’
@Morning_Joe @foxandfriends @VicenteFoxQue MAYBE SHE WAS BACK UP LMAO
dress it up. put liptick on it ..it's still  pig ...
I did not know you were such an oracle of these difficult questions. Answer this one did Trump have a sexual encounter with her. Come on now give me one of your “the answer is simple”.
I'm surprised she didn't take off her clothes and start sucking on a big one.
Your point??
Coming from a treacherous performing Trumpanze?!
..and cameras  don’t interest you?
Sounds a lot like Don the Con @realDonaldTrump
And to watch the TRUMP/COHEN/HANNITY CIRCUS IN TOWN 
How come you weren’t there jack?
There you go jack it's all her fault right? She's got more class than you who continues to defend the Donald
Watching her video's are you?
LOL..
Some people wonder why you're constantly talking?
Try to remember your faith
Monster fixers.

Sunlight is the best disinfectant!
#CohenRaid 
#Hannity improprieties
#hushmoney
Immoral @POTUS 
#CorruptGOP 
Corrupt @realDonaldTrump

The world has been wondering why you are on Twitter today and the answer is easy... you still need to send yourself valentines on social media.
Similar to why you sit on CNN panels.
Because the adulterous president was denying his underhanded payment to avoid prison
You talking about trump again?  Everything you accuse others of, trump is also guilty of
No the want watch justice be done.
Like you, showing up on CNN trying to act intelligent,  you are both like fish out of water, flopping around!
45 is  going DOWN!!!!
#teamstormy
So you are saying she likes cameras and publicity? trump likes mirrors, cameras and publicity. #Nevertrump
You sound more and more Trumplike with each passing day. Constant snide/sarcastic  remarks.
Oh my god! Thanks for clearing that up! We never would have figured it out.
Looks-like-Marla-Maples
Striking-resemblance

hmmmm

Melania-won't-be-happy
Do you ever speak the truth?
Just like you #dunceKingston if you weren’t in front of a camera you’d be an unemployed failed legislator and insurance salesman.
So what????
For the same reason Kingston get’s win the LINE of a camera....
“If news broke that Rachel Maddow shared a lawyer with Barack Obama, a lawyer who had been raided by the FBI... oh please it is ridiculous to even try to imagine such a thing. Shows how shady Donald Trump and Sean Hannity truly are. Two peas in a pod.” A Best

“Trump coordinates his message with Sean Hannity all the time. The way to keep those discussions completely confidential would be to do it in front of their attorney, and claim attorney-client privilege. This is their game…today, they got caught.” M Skolnik
Then there's the Stormy Daniels book, then there's the Michael Cohen book. Oh, and some guy named Comey
He’s GOP porn
Jerk
Same reason you go on CNN. Right Jack?

What this pic taken before or after she tripped? 
