I accidentally came across Donald campaign surrogate, Jack Kingston, in Moscow. No collusion here. #ThisGameIsFun
Well done 
Love how you’ve just given up trying to provide sound legal analysis and just turned into a Russian bot.
For those of us actually keeping track of the witch hunt Jack’s going on about: so far 75 charges have been filed against 19 witches. 4 witches cooperating and 5 have pleaded guilty.
Hey Jack, people are saying you’re a s-hole. Just sayin’...
You really are sounding desperate, #JackAss.  Does Mueller have something on you, too?

And speaking of cell phones, how about DT using his personal cell phone to do WH business? Don't tell me--you're A-OK with that, right, #DisingenuousJack?

Jacky, do you have a real job other than kissing Donny’s backside?
@HillaryClinton sure is the subject of alot of your tweets.  Are you feeling a bit insecure and need to project your feelings?
Thank goodness Kingston hasnt been in CNN lately..his good old boy act on defending Trump doesnt play well anywhere but Fox News..
#dunceKingston your Orange Russian tool spills more state secrets than my dog spills water over his bowl. Does he talk to Vlad on that personal unsecured cell phone?
Your humour game is weak...
Even your boss thought that was lame!
Are you high dude?
Witch hunt? 
19 indictments
4 pead guilty
You crazy old man.
Are you down with the Russians too.
@FBI
Please view all the finances associated with all the trump apologists.. there will be more witches found im sure.
I don't get it, how could Moscow have so much blackmail on so many people. It leaves me to believe you are the dumbest group of wanna be criminal masterminds ever seen. Hollywood couldn't come up with this narrative.
I accidentally said 'Go Fuck Yourself, Jack'........oh wait that was on purpose!
Tell us about your Russian connection.  How much were you paid to sell out your country?
Now if you could just check Trumps personal phone or get security clearances for Kushner etc.and oh yeah maybe Trump giving classified to Russia while in Oval Office..
#GOPTaxScam

Repeal & Replace #Republicans
#BlueWaveIsComing2018

The wealthiest Americans will benefit the most from @POTUS Trump's tax deduction for owners of "pass-through" businesses, according to a congressional report.
Grow-up @JackKingston!
I accidentally came to the conclusion that you're a propaganda spewing Trump mouthpiece.
How does Trump taste?
And news of the President using his personal cell phone currently to conduct public, government business? Silence from you on that, I guess...
This is stupid AF.
Jack let us know when you come across @realDonaldTrump tax returns!!!!!!
I cannot wait to read the inevitably 100%  negative responses to you on this lame joke post
Jack, you do not behave like this at home on the island .. why do you have a Twitter and CNN persona and then an IOH persona ... disappointing.
The election was 17 months ago. Do you have anything else to talk about
They should build that disgrace of a wall with Hillary’s emails. Because you can’t get over it.
Give it up Jack, the only thing funny about you is when you look in the mirror.
You’re such a Asshole!
Give it up Jacky boy
That was stupid Jacko..even for you....
Ah - Comrade Kingston.....I was wondering what you've been up to lately...any recent trips to your home country of Russia??
how many nights did you spend in Russia?
Poor Jack misses having any kind of relevance. He’s stooping to Hillary material.
What about what about what about
Wow you and your master love poking fun at people. So then your master should be able to take it. What a great and respectful member of your party you guys are.

You realize you lose what little credibility you have with these inane tweets...right?  You’re welcome.
You must have pulled that one from your butt, Jacko.  What next?  Pulling out that computer?  Good luck.
Read all the responses nitwit. You are a joke.
Poor Jack, doing whatever he can tontry and remain relevant. Have you accepted evolution yet, or, are you still denying science?
Jack, Jack, Jack? Come on! Do you really think, aside from Trump's base, you can make people believe this? You're becoming more and more like Hannity and Trump
You're an idiot. Plain and simple.
Are you sure it's not a Russian throw away phone from 2016 election?
Looks like one of the cell phones Trump received from the Russians.
Witch hunt... lol Shut up Russia Lover.
At it again
 The daily slog, trying to damage credibility of American justice officials in case they found damning info on Trump. 

We know who pays your Bill's.
What's funny is the phones total memory is in the little NAND chip....unless that is smashed specifically, they can recover everything from it......idiot Killary and her minions.

Jack That is 1 of 2000
Can you also look for Cohen’s burner cell phones and the recordings with Don the Con @realDonaldTrump about payments to Trump’s multiple mistresses! Thank you!  #StormyDaniels
Jack Kingston wasted his and our time with this crap? He is really nuts
You know you can just clear your browser history
that lyer always class the french call them names now they the best trickster he can fool some people sometime but he cant fool all the people all the time
accidentally came across this lying con dont believe one word he say we cant wait to run him out our white house
#Russian bot or I-don't-know-what.
You’re a caution!  
Get a life!
GOD told me you will expire soon in a fiery car crash... I said.....
Only thing missing is your face Jack...
You’re still around? Obviously u haven’t found a purpose in life other than kissing Trumps ass. Sure don’t miss u on CNN.
Prove it is hers  u liar
Talking about a witch hunt, you need to get off of your broom for a while.
Hell no it happens all the time.  I got two like that.
If you had a valid, present reality,  you wouldn't be mental masturbating about the past. 
In short,  you and the @GOP are effed.
Did she fire the FBI director like Trump?
Is this how you deflect from @realDonaldTrump 's situation? Once again Jack....no wonder they voted you out smh
You're so clever, Jack.
That’s idiotic

Looks like that of The Missouri governor .... or Michael Cohen
Your a clown
You’re such a jerk
Hey ya got 8 likes!
Trump claims “one of the great memories of all time” BUT he can't remember if he: stayed 2 nights in Moscow in 2013, bonked Stormy 4 months after Baron was born, or watched ladies P'ing on a bed! Amazing:)
Its over Jack. He burns in January
Oh my LORD!!! She burnt her phone!!
You are funny
Correct
lmao! Accidentally my ass!! Likely not even hers!!
