Ah the sweet irony of Jack Kingston talking about integrity...

How will your smug self satisfied smirk hold up when Robert Mueller proves how ‘morally unfit’ djt is?
As if T-rump has any credibility.... hahahaha!!!
How come Trump is surrounded by criminals and Hillary still hasn't been charged with anything? NADA
They are beuatiful lady’s!!!!! #MAGA
Eat shit douchebag
They still all have more credibility than the POS we have as President !
@JackKingston you have turned into one of the most bitter old fools on twitter. You really should hang with family and attend sporting events more often. And spend less time embarrassing yourself on twitter.
Jack your a smiling idiot!
You defend the biggest liar on this earth and you have the nerve to do some name calling.  Did 45 promise you a position somewhere down the line? You do meet the criteria to join the swamp team.
You realize Trump slept with the Porn Star not Comey.

 Comey has been married to the same woman for almost 40 years.

 What is wrong with you?

You are a lost sheep and God will judge you for your lies and hate.
This is exactly what the Conald is feeling right now
They all have more integrity than u and Trump. That's for sure.
How dare you?
More integrity then you'll ever have. And Brains
Put a porn star's integrity, up against this cast of horrors; I mean beacons of criminality; & soon enough, Michael Avenetti will end up, leading the FBI raids on each and every one of their front doors!! 
The only one with a proven lack of integrity is @realDonaldTrump.
Your integrity is in the toilet buddy. How's this for integrity?
This #Circus is far more entertaining than the one at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave--and far less dangerous for us. Enjoy your cotton candy, #DisingenuousJack.
Lying donnie
speaking of non-credible people ......................Jack. sit down and be silent more.
Special guest appearance by the subject of it all.  Donald the deflector.
U would be so lucky to have his integrity.  U would be so lucky to have any integrity!
"Tower of Integrity"...........takes one to know one!
Jack, were your parents cousins?...that would explain why you're such an idiot...
Someone of dubious integrity like you, defending someone with zero integrity like trump, should avoid impugning the integrity of others.
JACK. REPUBLICANS SEEM TO BE GOING NUTS. MUST BE ALL THE WINNING. HA HA HA.
Jack, how will you feel when Trump is revealed to be the slime that he is?  Will your ridiculous support for him be justified?
And special guest star #JackKingston for the counterpoint view.
They have far more credibility than trump.
Why don't trump hire you? You love him so Damn much
 Not a Surprise:

@realdonaldtrump --
 Immoral Stormy Behavior
 Naturally Obstructs Justice
 Tendency for Chaos
 Laughing Stock
You seem really concerned about credibility except when it comes to the Cammander-in-Chief, for some reason.
Another Tower of integrity , President Moron / Idiot as his ppl call him . Allegedly
Guess no one is offering you a book deal. Special guests Dr Seuss, Sesame Street, and the 700 Club

LOL The very first individual you mention, @StormyDaniels was PAID to keep the truth concealed, you idiot.
Oops... did you forget this?
They will be talking about America`s President Dotar the women abuser .
The funny thing about this putrid tweet is, @realDonaldTrump has less credibility than a former FBI director, a porn star, a Playboy bunny and a weirdo writer--and you!! GFY.
Funny how Trump thought all these people good people. So either they are or Trump has horrific ability to judge people.
It will be a best seller if trump could read he can get a copy out of the prison library

The circus are the ass clowns that you are protecting. 
At least he don't have Putin there. Once again you're making an ass out of yourself
Jackass!, U mean that "The art of the deal"&"Trump University" R more credible than Comey's track record?, ur comments speaks a lot about U!,how ignorant, incredibly IDIOT, hypocrite & propagandist U R!. U most B getting paid 4 all this BS!, nobody feeds so much shit 4 free!!
Despicable of you to impugn a good man. Typical of Rs who have abandoned principle to follow Trump.
The circus is currently at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
Your tweets reek of guilt.
