How dare you suggest Comey is lying and the traitor in the WH is telling the truth? I wish @CNN would fire you. I get physically ill every time you open your mouth. Way to protect your country. I guess for people of your ilk it’s all about selfishness and greed.
Oh Jack, really? Your moral indignation at the maltreatment of HRC is rich. Can you be any more #DisingenuousJack?
Mr. Kingston, have you yet apologized to the student survivors in Parkland? It is the ethical thing to do.
The memo you accused him of leaking is UNCLASSIFIED, therefore it is not a leak. It is/was public info. I am hoping the caps. will help you comprehend.
You’re a clown.
how come you can not admit that chump has lied from day 1?
The biggest Horses ass in any media format, jack Kingston. We can always count on you for an asinine response supporting #trumptydumpty
He loved Comey. Swooned over him!
This is an OPINION piece. 
#LannyDavis isn't "documenting" anything but his own ignorance
Show due process , counsel ! Substantiate your allegations ! Court in session! Submit your findings to support your assertions
The 4th amendment is in force ! Due process !
Trump supporters have no more credibility than Trump
Jack= ignorant--the FBI director has 10 year term-he does not have to resign because the President is a pathologic LIAR-there are 3 seperate  branches-many wonder why Cohn did not resign after Charlottesville --when 45 is no longer President-U will have lost your soul/reputation
Jack, will you please tell the panel that none of this corruption would have been exposed if Hillary Clinton was elected. The swap believed Hillary would be elected and none of the their corrupt activities would be exposed.
Yes Comey and then the Russians swung that election. Trumpsky still in denial.
Trump mouthpiece
Jack I see why you are no longer senator.
So Jack you are agreeing that Comey was a factor in Hillary losing the election....The Liar and Chief disagrees.
Let me know when you point out trumps lies.  About 6 a day.
I, like the majority of this country find James Comey an honorable man who speaks his truth with sincerity unlike the buffoon that is currently our president. As Comey stated, Americans need to vote their conscience and that is exactly what I intend to do..
hope ya got paid overtime cheech!!
@JackKingston @CNN can you recycle him to @FoxNews BECAUSE is where he, and all  evangelists Christians and republicans BELONG. HOW CAN ALL THIS @GOP CROOKS CONTINUE TO LIE TO 65% OF AMERICANS??? #BASTA
U are such an idiot-a hack with ZERO cred;-Comey/Yates/McCabe/Clapper are credible witnessess-they are not on tape like 45 describing himself as a femalehitting on a married woman/describing serial rape like behavior-he does not have a fixer & has no problem getting a lawyer
If something believes an idea is true, then are they lying when they repeat that falsehood?
