A year ago, now-@WhiteHouse @PressSec Sarah Huckabee Sanders talked about the "war on women." https://fxn.ws/2rdEP1h  
That was not comedy, it was low class trashy behavior. People get paid well to do it. My hats off to Sarah and Kellyann for them being a few of the real humans there who let it roll off their back. They looked stunning too. Class act both of them.
We love you too Kimberly. The 5 is one of our favorites. Kimberly’s Food Court has to try Smokn Joe’s Rib Ranch and Arbuckle Moutain Fried Pies off 35 in OK. Both are on the same exit and across the bridge from each other. Both family owned. Three meat platter to die for ribs.
I’d go further to say that the war is on every woman whose beliefs align with this president. Look no further than the implication made by HRC that Republican women are incapable of thinking for themselves.
Absolutely, truth every single conservative woman is under attack. However it doesn’t stop there it’s every conservative period. Conservative children in schools, young adults in colleges. Everyone is under attack. It’s insane. We never ever did this to liberals.
@greggutfeld Wants to send 81 year old Ruth Buzzie to give Michelle Wolf a good pouncing 
"Lucille Ball gave me some good advice in general. She said to never let the audience know anything about my religious or political views, and I’ve followed that advice all these years." --Ruth Buzzi
Love you and The Five! 
Serving man is Serving the God.  when service is performed it must be with a pure heart it is the intent behind the act not the EGO, WHCD's message by having Wolf speak tainted & polluted the meaning of what is true service
I’m a deplorable woman who can’t think for herself.  Not.
Thank-you Kimberly, women taking down other women is pathetic 
Hi Kimberly! Love ya! 
Right on Sarah. You are a class lady!!!!
As law enforcement I can tell you that individuals who put Trump stickers on vehicles are having their vehicles vandalized. Houses also are no exception even clothing. People are being physically assaulted. I have never seen anything like it. This is in Los Angeles.
Huckabee a JOKE
Really Kim, you honestly don’t believe that, do you?
Sarah you have more class in your pinkie than the actions from theDemocrats last night especially the one they thought was a comedian. I cannot even sayher name. That was disgusting.
@CNN @MSNBC it’s simple, the war on women is a tactic of the Liberal Left. Conservative women have more decorum, grace and class. The Liberal Left restricts its followers and keeps them captive on the Democratic Plantation...
I believe that they are insulting Sarah because of the great job she is doing and it probably makes them worried. Sarah keep doing the wonderful job and try not to let them get to you!!!
Hypocrites. Sanders wages war on the press everyday. Trump wages war on women everyday. This administration wages war against truth. Faux News is nothing more than a propaganda outlet.
Fox and company have not stop waging war against Hillary Clinton, so are you being selective between republican women and democratic women. Hillary has never had any benefit of any doubt, she is always this terrible person despite her charitable work, in Africa etc
Wow, guess that lobotomy worked, Congrats!
OK, asswipe
Kimberly. Quit being a snowflake. It was classless and shameful but so true. She gets up everyday and lies to the America people on trumps behalf
And just what are those lies? And please include the facts to back them if and when you find them...
I’ll start small. Inaugural photo. Your own eyes will show you.
Never have I seen such jealousy from the left/dems.  All they have is hate, jealousy, invy because the right have a direction, goal, meaning and purpose, plus a leader that has a higher calling .
That wolf chick set women back 20 years.
No true “journalist” with a shred of integrity could ever support or even condone this despicable & disgusting bashing of any honorable women (or men for that matter)!
Suggesting it is ‘humor’ or “in good fun” is total BS! It is hateful & mean spirited with no redeeming value.
GOD BLESS SARAH
You. And Yo dang ol’ f’ing feelings..  y’all more upset bout a comedian than the sheeeet coming form yo rapist and chief 
Truth be told!

But Bill Clinton’s women attacked by Hillary ignored
Absolute truth!
Saturday, the @whca showed America how much respect they have earned.  A few should be tossed at the start of today’s briefing and when they ask why just say because we can.
If we the people stop watching Juan Williams on the five and other programs on FOXNews the ratings will drop and they will get rid of Juan Williams start with the five
Snowflakes calm down.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is classy, intelligent and nice lady.  All that the Fake news left is not.  Of course they attack her.  Democrats all attack everything now, its what they do.
Thanks KG.  Any exchanges described here from anyone, and, to anyone is garbage.  Just like all women on THE-5, or, Outnumbered, Sarah Hucksbee Sanders is a SUPERSTAR who does not deserve criticism of that nature unless it is one-on-one AND OPEN MIC!
So true!
#WeLoveSarahSanders
Absolutely
I love her and you are tremendous as well. You are brilliant.
Here goes the pity party.
Only liberal women conservative women fight back

Well said. They won't Care it's a rating game.
Yes...ROGER AILES anyone?
But my sac
Lies 
Any conservative women
how could you talk about the TRUTH... when @PressSec tells a thousand and one lies daily... you are an ex-prosecutor... right? you know a lie when you hear one... right?
Right on!
Including stormy
These crimes are pure hate crimes and have never happened until now. When Obama was President conservatives respected that decision we did not go around vandalizing property and hurting Americans.
Sarah was a profit in this statement
Conservative women.....



Love her!
Agreed 100%.  Instead of acknowledging all of the women the Trump administration has promoted,  some historically, such as the first black female General, the Left spews vitriol at all those groups they claim to defend: women, minorities and children who don't share their views.

It’s just locker room talk...right Kim?
Well Kim at least you won’t find this dude fighting war on women, I love  them.
Thank you for speaking out about the horrible events of last night.  These people are abusers - how can they even begin to criticize our @POTUS  and how can they judge a good woman such as @PressSec
I admire anyone who can constantly talk with the false narrative news and not go ballistic.  Incredible restraint!
False.  #staterunmedia
A true lady, Sarah a good one.
I believe you would have knocked Wolf out ! 
What she said last year in April is still true if not more so.  The Trump haters are still going after every female close to the Pres.
I like to wage WOW, but always the reciprocal good kind. So-called liberal women (air quotations here) are denigrating and flat out mean when it comes to dealing with women who have differing views.
Be careful Kimberly.  As a young confident intelligent conservative woman, you have a target on your back.
We love you Sarah
It was just “locker room talk” last night
Sarah "SUPER TROOPER" Huckabee Sanders!  Comes with the territory.
Practice what you preach!
Hey love your t shirt
Truth 
Sanders supports the murder of women by Trump's warring, it is so ridiculous that ppl are mad about insults. THE TRUMP REGIME KILLS WOMEN. Jesus.
Pffft... Typical liberal rants and baseless accusations with not shred of proof to back it up..liberals are the largest group of murderers, it's called abortion!! President Trump is working at ending the wars and potential threats, cleaning up the ozero regime mess left to him..
@SHSanders45
Remember the "lipstick on pig" comment?

This has been true for a long time now. Time to fight back!
Ogress
I think politics is nasty
You’re on the wrong social media platform then
