When do you plan to address the lawsuit against @realDonaldTrump @POTUS for raping a little girl 4 times with his convicted child sex trafficker co-defendant? @GOP is party of pedophiles: silence much?
Michelle Obama wasn't a former (present) call girl who was bought and paid for.  Even your dumb ass knows the difference.
It would never have happened, her husband respected her and their marriage.  You did it to the Clintons,  Donald even mocked her by bringing the women to the debate.  Donald is a Pig. He has no respect or care for Melania, it’s all about the Donald.
I see you’ve learned your #whataboutery technique like an obedient Trumplican, but you don’t get to police late night comedy. I mean, you can try, but good luck with that.

#kochsuckers #putinists
Are you serious?  Ever watch Fox News?
He’s man enough to apologize. Are you?
Where was your indignation when Michelle Obama and her children was attacked? And Michelle was no porn star and escort who is a gold digger? Michelle is a graduate of Harvard and Princeton and had 100 times the class than this FL has.  cNN needs to be rid of you.
Dis and Dat = vicious attack.
Melania has no control over her accent? How many years has she been here? She could take diction lessons.
I eagerly await the #MelaniaTrump #metoo  moment. 

She deserves better than this by the simple fact that she’s a human being. 

Leave him girl. We got you. 

#JustDoIt #FLOTUS #peepeetape #MichaelCohenRaid #StormyDanielsDay #DonaldTrump #FirstLady
Says trussian operative sleeze/traitor jack kingston.....your word means shit to everyone outside of sean hannity's ass .....douchebag
@seanhannity @CNN
Who are you kidding? Dumbass conservatives do it all the time. Fuvkng moron
Grow up
Just exactly what did he say about First HOE that has you so upset?
Is this a joke??  IF a conservative mocked Mrs Obama??  That’s funny shit jack. You obviously lost your hearing through the obama years
Do you have Alzheimer's, Jack? They did mock Michelle Obama. Many, many times over 8 years. "Ape in heels" is just one of the nastier ones. I'm sure you were just as outraged then as you are now. 
Wouldn’t the worst absolute classless attack on Melania be to cheat on her with multiple women like Trump has done? I’ll wait for your response...
Yeah nothing like  what they called Michelle Obama, but somehow this slut is off limits fuck off you hypocrite.
Were you asleep for 8 years? Michelle was absolutely trashed by the Right, sometimes on the basis of race. 

Your attempts to re-write history are disgusting.
You people did DUMBO!!!
If she can’t take the heat, get out of the kitchen .
They relentlessly made fun of her, called her an ape in heels.  Michelle Obama was a classy lady.
May I ask if you have to park your brain and loose all your morals to become a "conservative" commentator?
But, in the final analysis, with all the piggyback media/advertising - it worked. If one is going to report on sick media s/he should also provide a list to boycott. https://sites.google.com/site/boycottjimmykimmelandabc/major-advertisers-on-abc …
Trump slept with a porn star while Melania was pregnant then got his mob lawyer to silence the porn star with an NDA and $130k payoff during the 2016 election. If you care so much about Melania or America redirect your critiques to her husband. Thanks 
Correct me if I'm wrong but I remember a huge shitstorm about Michelles bear arms... or... and... and then.
I think her own husband has said a lot worse to her , and there’s no accounting to what he’s done , she’s a big girl now she knows the score $$$$
IF?? IF?? You idiot. Republicans constantly called both of the Obama’s names. Seriously you’re an Indio.  LOOK at your own President!
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/posteverything/wp/2016/11/16/22-times-michelle-obama-endured-rude-racist-sexist-or-plain-dumb-attacks/ ….  Everyone needs to stop the hate. Both sides
Omg are you kidding me??? You ALL did nothing but attack Mrs. Obama. This tweet shows how truly blind the @GOP IS and how oblivious to what goes on beyond winning and making wealth.
oh for the love of God, Kimmel is a COMEDIAN, people in his profession MAKE JOKES FOR A LIVING. JOKES = as a noun: thing that someone says to cause amusement or laughter, especially a story with a funny punchline. JOKE as a verb: make jokes; talk humorously or flippantly.
Jack, how do you support and make excuses for the awful things trump says and does and then have the audacity to attack someone that ruffles your feathers (yep, called ya a chicken)?
You act like an active Russian agent and you have the audacity to speak about an American.

Get your rubles together and go home Jack.
Oh, look! Melania is actually wearing clothes even though there are photographers present!! Why is she wearing clothes, Jack? Has she autographed your favorite nude photo of her?
Simple jack
You should delete this tweet you’re embarrassing yourself @JackKingston
Melania lets her husband disrespect her all the time! That is the real SAD reality!   worst she sticks to dirty grandpa for the  prostitution?
Hey Jack ASS this is the dumbest tweet you’ve ever written. The right attacked Michelle Obama relentlessly. Remember “bare arm gate” just one of the many stupid attacks from the right. JACK ASS!
Conservatives did mock Michelle Obama. And where was your defense of her? How do you look yourself in the mirror knowing you are defending the most corrupt administration in history?
Well since it happened for 8 years why don’t you just look back
What about your attacks? Calling the kids from Parkland actors and expecting kids to plan a march on Washington saying how inappropriate it was for them to get assistance from leading liberals?? Put the stone down jackie.
you all mack her an Barrack. before i honestly find Most Republicans racist hypocrites all about there agenda they want to drive i could never vote for the party because of there one sided beliefs
please, fox did it all the time!
Bad act on jimmy’s part but you really need to stop your what if drama, your prejudice is showing.
Any recollection about conservative’s treatment of Clinton as FLOTUS? You can be against it but your self-righteousness is misplaced.
Who’s the King of Sleaze?
He’s wrong. But did you ever criticize Trump this much when he joked about Mexicans, women, the disabled......
She shouldn't put herself in a position to be mocked...when she lives with a first class bully and her platform is anti bulling and she defends the sleaze she's married to..she deserves it
You claim her husband was from Kenya. Right, Jack? #racist
Are you serious?? Conservatives mocked @MichelleObama mercilessly for 8 years and you know it.
There’s this Jack-O-dumptern
Jack the Cracker - the hypocrisy of the Trumpers is truly gigantic.

They did do that you douche
The tables  have turn enjoy it
Like they didn't mock her for 8 years? WTF?
Wow Jackie! Such awful things were said about Michelle and still are.
When will you ever be able to speak the truth?
Yet Jack Kingston supports this guy
Your family members must be embarrassed to be related to you.
You know that conservatives mocked Michelle Obama don't you?
Just who is the daily signal.  Some instant website put up to push proaganda?   Really ought to read Real News, instead of this pablum.
Did you really say - IF - conservatives mocked Michele Obama? Pure partisan dishonesty and hypocrisy.
Did tRump apologize for disrespecting her by having multiple affairs? I doubt it.
Were you asleep during 8 yrs if Obama? Michelle was called a monkey. Did you miss that one? She was derided for a sleeveless dress. And oh such much more on an almost daily basis. Selective memory I guess.
Credit for what?  The only thing she's done is ignore her husbands infidelity.
They did, you spineless fool

Really, Michelle Obama wasn’t ridiculed? Nice try 
Hey jack-off, where are you when immagrants are discriminated against. Never even heard of you till now. How do you call yourself an activist? i think you meant to say supremest.  DIRTBAG!
BTW, where are @FLOTUS’ immigration papers that @POTUS promised? She’s an immigrant.

Sean Hannity condemns attacks on Trump's family: "Leave the women and children alone" http://mm4a.org/Z6X 

Here's how right-wing media talked about Michelle,…
Oh, that’s rich Jack. Need I remind you @GOP attack’s on @MichelleObama & @BarackObama ?
she should leave him. It isn't consistent to support Trump and then act like you care about Melania
Waaaaaa waaaa..
Do you need help carrying that water? You look tired. Like, REALLY tired
She chose to come out into public she is fair game
... their thoughts on Michelle's arms... Jesus, I sounded like a Russian there. #Proofread
OMG Your idol Donald Trump or Dennis Dennison has demeaned almost everyone  on the planet You try any angel u can to take a a shot at someone so your non politically trained base will follow you wherever. Well you can't fool all the people all of the time. Melania T.
has never been shy about defending herself She just files a law suit right or wrong. Michelle Obama was called a man by people like you and many believed it.  So don't turn holier than thou
Vincente Fox says, bit me. Me too
Illegal .
They do attack Michelle, daily. If Melania was attacked, it's because of Trumps immigration stance plus the fact that she worked while on a tourist visa. Oh yeah, and the irony of her anti-bullying campaign whilst her husband is, in fact, a bully.
@FLOTUS44 Happy/Love/Fun, would be no reason, she would show the country love, she was always out their, with the people, as the people & for the people of USA, not even close @Flotus Disgusted/Embarrassed/Loyal, made her bed, now she can lie in it! #GoLow #WeGoHigh! @cnn @cnni
Oh my Jack. Have we forgotten that your leader is the champion of mocking people. we have never seen an apology from him. 
He should not have done that.

Melania Trump is a fiction. Melania Knauss may be a wonderful human being. You can't trumpet bravery and hide cowardly behind the trappings of huge wealth and protection.
It’s not like he slept with a porn star while married after his wife gave birth to their son. Or had a relationship with a playmate while married all while having unprotected sex. Is it Jack?
You must have dementia.... Mrs Obama was under constant assault
1)When is Hannity and the GOP going to apologize for all the terrible things that was said about Michelle, Malia and Sasha Obama? When will trump apologize for making fun of a disabled reporter. If you would watch what Jimmy Kimmel actually said, it wasn't an attack on @FLOTUS
Sleazy is betraying your country and being a paid stooge for Putin.

Ok so even if a person could agree this time, not that I do but I could at least see how some might, you have nothing to say about how her husband was fucking a porn star and a playmate while she was home with a newborn?
Oh the horror for a celebrity to make fun of a person....
Oh where were you Republicans when all of your bigot constituents were capping on Michele Obama spare me the hypocrisy
Huckleberry Jack, you never cease  to amaze me with your stupidity...
Ya got anything? No? Hmmm
Wow - that's some undiluted bigoted hypocrisy.
Yeah, that would have been a whole different ball game!!
Give it up Jack, your own President disses everyone!
WTF vicious attack? He said des and dat. How soon we forget the real vicious attack on Michelle Obama. Where was your outrage then Jack?
Michelle Obama was mocked and criticized MERCILESSLY and viciously by the right. Your hypocrisy is astounding.
JACK, U CONTINUE TO BE A SLIMEBALL!!!
Oh how quickly one conveniently forgets.   The most horrendous things about former FLOTUS, Mrs.Michelle Obama, were accepted daily.  Google if your memory can’t bring up any of the daily assaults.
Michelle Obama was attacked all time did you defend her?
SIT DOWN Jack. When Trump's grifting kakistocracy is ousted you'll be looking 4 a job. Better get ur resume ready. #Muellertrainrolling #theresistence #indivisible #dotard #moron
Maybe you lack the consumer follow through.
Conservatives mocked Michelle Obama ALL THE TIME! You people are the biggest hypocrites! Why isn't anyone hounding Melania about Trump's affairs and asking her why she's still with him? HYPOCRITES! You all need to grow the hell up. 45 has done more damage to Melania than anyone.
He’ll stop as soon as president the Donald imposes tariffs on red China 
Did you say anything when Michelle Obama was being attacked on FOX news??? All of you were pretty damn quiet.   #hypocrites
What date do you think Trump learned Michael Flynn had lied to the FBI?
She knows what she got into, unlike you clueless Jack
Like they gave to misses obama
Conservatives DID mock Michelle Obama you clown. Your tweet is invalid.
And still do!
He said, dis and dat.  It’s not like he made fun of a handicapped reporter, insulted gold star families. Right Jack?   Is there a chance Hannity pounced and spun  on this and started a twitter war to help boost his ratings?  What do you think Jack?
This! The hypocrisy is just unreal.
Who gives you mindless effing zombies your propaganda points?
It's obviously coordinated.
Do tell, Jackalope.
#dunceKingston can you say that in Russian?
I knew that you could!
Yes please do shut up. We already have this pos running his pie hole 24/7
It's humour
Lol have to be kidding I’m sue this was all covered in her pre nup
Sue!! LMAO
Lol ok I missed a letter sure
I understood
FACTS
