Jack, how would you know?  This is  being done to take attention off Comey, but tune in Sunday night!
i mean for real. do you even read the shit before you post? nonsensical af.
It is AUMF Einstein...  
Jack, you do know Trump and the folks at the RNC don't care about you, don't you? You're nothing but a washed up representative who now couldn't get elected dog catcher. They mock you as they use you to be Trump's water boy.
Zero credibility
Further proof that 2013 trump is colluding with 2018 trump in an effort to embarrass his current self and make current trump look like an untruthful slimeball! trump needs Bill and Ted & their phone booth to prevent the invention of the smartphone!
Your fool boy,  donnie,  vomited many tweets advising Obama not to do what he himself just did. 
These tweets don't age well.
And speaking of aging well,  pls have a mental screening ASAP.
Jack tweets article completely disproving his assertion in that very same tweet... 
U can't keep a good man down..
JackKingston you are an illogical joke; smile on!
Why were you in Russia with Carter Page? Come on Jack answer the question

Obama sought Congressional approval for military force in Syria ... but Senate Republicans apparently wouldn't support it for POLITICAL PURPOSES!  https://www.congress.gov/bill/113th-congress/senate-joint-resolution/21 …
If remember correctly you were in congress and did nothing, so how can you say anything you pompous ass!
Jack, be truthful-quit being a pasty and learn the definition of kakistocracy; that’s what and who you support
Try reading the constitution jack I know it’s hard for you since trumps butt is right in your dace
You got to be like 45 and jealous of President Obama or you really are a straight up racist.
“Assad's regime now says that the US-led attacks caused virtually no damage to their military as they were warned by Russia prior to the attack & evacuated the areas which were attacked
Did they even need to be warned by Russia?
Trump you telegraphed this move!”B Krassenstein
The Mueller investigation keeps revealing, first with Manafort and now with Cohen and I think ultimately with Trump, that there is a ton of un-prosecuted white collar crime in America.
2011?
2018
IT'S  SATURDAY GET A LIFE
