Your endless groveling to Trump is cute:)
Dream on. POTUS is exhonerated based on what made up bs? Still a hack Jack!
Both are true: The half hour performance of comedienne Michelle Wolf was vulgar, unseemly, & damaging to our civic discourse. The three-year performance of candidate and president Donald Trump has been vulgar, unseemly, & infinitely more damaging to our civic discourse.
#dunceKingston as an insurance salesman your mastery of legal terms like exonerate is beyond comical. When Mueller is done with your mob boss he’ll be exposed , as will you, as the greatest fraud in the history of the world!
This essay by former CIA Director Michael Hayden outlines the devastating impact Trump is having on our intelligence community. Most chilling is the observation that post-truth is pre-fascism!https://nyti.ms/2KjEUJg 
Jack, so many people that I’ve known or have met when they were pro trump are no longer pro trump. They voted trump because they didn’t want Hilary and as they tell me - “Hilary isn’t running again” so they won’t be voting for trump.
We keep trying to put him down jacky.. maybe trumpleforskin will finally let us lick dat orange @ss some mo.. maybe dem cool kids will invite us to plaaaaaay... we’s so lonely, no body be likin us at da @cnn , day all laugh at us
Has @realDonaldTrump lost his mind? Or is he just revealing it? His fake sincerity & convoluted justifications have more twists & turns than a bowl of spaghetti. Long live his toxic rallies - it’s good for the #Dems & strengthens the #BlueWave.pic.twitter.com/wNYG5Y7bL7
you do know that Mueller has over 20 sealed indictments. And Comey isn't one of them
Which is it, this morning, Jack-- drunk or delusional?
Nothing Comey says exonerates Trump.
Sorry Jack...his story has not waivered...unlike your sensless rants on behalf of an unhinged President...and the circus goes on..good going Jack you never disappoint..good for a laugh
In what universe?
No it does not sHack. He believed. Trump is a liar and you know it.
You wish
Nope. Sorry, he's sane. Not going to use that plea.
You get to be more of a joke everyday. The VAST majority believe Comey. Not the Russian Colaberator or you
Dream on comrade
If you say that Comey has lost his mind he is way ahead of you. You never had one to loose!
Truepundit and @FoxNews are both #FakeNews. So what's your point Jack? When are you going to be allowed to start spouting this rhetoric on @CNN. You still work for them?
Oh shut up Jack
GIGO. Nunes wouldn't allow pertinent witnesses testify. It was a Kangaroo Courtpic.twitter.com/HMBJkwuq2c
Jack, Trump would call you a lightweight and Weasel Kingston!
Oh Jack, still looking under rocks for a tRump defense?
Is this workin yet? Does trump like us yet jacky? How long we’s gots to be on our knees doin dis... ise getting tired jacky
Dream on.
No he hasn’t. . Just responding in kind.
The POTUS will never finish his first term you blathering fool
So does the @realDonaldTrump & @GOP The outright lying has turn out to be more than any other
Ya ain't quite right are ya? Pal.
LIES and DEFLECTION from Jackoff Kingston
Read holy word figure this how about when Obama tried arrest Edward Snowdon or McCain said on if you vote for him your racists referring Obama how about Donald trump said with his Bible your fat Rosanna with FBI or CIA wearing a garment before came the presidentpic.twitter.com/TeHOunQDkh
Don’t you have anything to do but just be a mouthie damn Republican Wise Ass!
LOCK HIM UP!’nnnnn #MAGA
Gfy.pic.twitter.com/ewpWzb1tAk
