stop brainwashing Americans.
Scientific Consensus it's real, it's happening. Move on
Science doesn't work by consensus...sorry...it works by evidence, prediction & falsification
97% of Climate Scientists believe Climate Change is real and man made
99.99999% of physicists thought Einstein was wrong. Til it was tested
climate change is a fact. Its only the CAUSE that is debated by only a few % of climate scientist

 @kehbayhoody
Steve - that's the debate I'm referring to "CAUSE". No one denies the climate changes over time, duh.
current rate of climate change is man-made. the data is clear, the consensus is clear. 

 @kehbayhoody
Yes it is. 140 years of climate data compared to a 4.5B y/o planet is not how it works.
lol yeah because science is bs, right?
When you become a meteorologist then we can talk "science".
when you do some research and maybe read a book, let me know!
lol I don't lecture you about airplanes, considering it's not my job. You should do the same. Research... lol
airplanes? Because I'm a travel writer? That didn't make sense.
Point is, you're not a meteorologist, climate isn't your job, how doesn't that make sense?
@orangenwhite Climate change is the biggest boondoggle ever perpetrated on the American people. #ClimateHustle #StopTheBS #PJNET
here's what I've decided. Let me park my car with the engine on overnight inside your house. LMK how you feel tom.
Well newbie with 19 followers, after #ClimateHustle ,Socialist Bernie Sanders is next in line, then YOU. Snap out of it!
@hunter_whiteguy 
Fossil fuel companies are real.  Climate change is a Democrat politically correct fairy tale.
@olino_renewable -HOGWASH!  It's the biggest HOAX going. It's all about CONTROL of EVERYONE!  Follow the money!
Trump is heavily invested in oil, and he has invested in the Dakoto Access Pipeline. Fat chance he'll change
he's not sad situation
@christian_marcu global warming didn't work so now they changed it to "climate" change. scientists also say the earth froze.
at this point climate change isn't an opinion but a fact
why not global warming dude?
you and climate change are a hoax to steal money and eliminate middle class jobs from the American people
I honestly want cheap electricity. I don't see how stagnating ourselves is going to help us in the long run.
it's a total nonsense. It's a natural climate variability over millions of yearsand human activities have nothing to do with it.
Or else @SenSanders @SenBrianSchatz will have you arrested.

#Democrats
@burgeron1 problem is bernie not all scientist agree on this
only climate change is the social climate change, the climate chaos you're creating, not the earth's climate
Climate change will change life on the planet, not destroy the planet.
30,000 scientist do not agree with you.
Bernie or bust! Thank you for being a voice of reason in this madness. You still give me some hope. <3
@chunkymark 
Bless you Bernie, but for a little light relief, let George Carlin cheer you up!
Enjoy!
Ha ha ha ha ha cough ha ha ha ha

Hogwash!!
Trump has a million dollars invested in the Dakota pipeline. What other fossil fuels does he have his own money invested in?
The elite made the climate change.
$$$$$.
you mean the scientists who depend on government grants for their livelihoods? I'll take the fuel companies TYVM
Bernie it's not something we can fix. Want to change our world open it up to free energy and people will happily drop use of oil
Of course
Climate change is some what of a problem I can say that, but people also need jobs to have a good life. Everyone needs a chance.
climate change happens naturally #crazybernie
@The_Hayseed stop kidding yourself taylor

He's going to kill us. He and his family will be the only ones who have gas masks and a free ride to a colony on the moon
He's more likely to listen to his sycophantic idiot son, Eric. You're wasting your time, Bernie
no its a bunch of Bullshit describes it better
@driverminnie to be fair i dont think he thought he would win so probably hasnt thought of anything beyond the campaign !
actually, he can't be Antichrist. Too ignorant, smooth as gravel, he doesn't possess any cunning & smarts. Just a big assmunch.
He could be Antichrist. W/ nuclear codes, he could def bring on Armageddon. Anyone ever tell him what Nuclear Triad is? So sad.
Listen to this man!
No it isn't. The hoax was your campaign against Wall St money as you CAMPAIGNED for and EMBRACED the Medusa of Wall St money.
Trust is a fragile commodity. You betrayed your movement like Democrats betrayed America's working class #OurRevoloutionRIP
might want to leave a climate change color book under his door. He is a bit special.
@LiberalNOR hey bernie scientists look at tree rings! volcanos,sun,asteroids science recorded by nature & GOD NOT BERNIE+HILLARY
@nikki_nova So, scientists predict the future? Catastrophic climate change is theoretical. Pollution is real. Taxes won't fix.
What politician doesn't answer to companies? This country follows the lead of its true owners.
Now you do a Tweet storm? Where've you been the last 3 months?
Thats a good joke sanders... Trump listening to facts... Here's an even better one: The USA's voting system.
beanie scientific have only provided theory I was told we would freeze ant starve in the 70^80s .
Fracking POTUS, too, right? #OceanDrilling
Now that we've lost, I don't see why he doesn't. Unless Soros has a figurative gun to his head.
I don't believe it was a style question. His style was to rip Greenspan a new one. He's still not being himself.
Yep. For sure.
@TomFawkes the salt is real
Thank Gawd for you Senators! Tell'em to stop moaning & pay attn. to climate change/warming.Take on EXXON & oil execs for lying.
 climate change 
"better"? Is that a threat to the President-elect?
@_Four_Horsemen problem is Donald loves money,and there's no money in climate change, at least in his lifetime?
which scientists? The ones paid for by leftist like Soros?
@_Four_Horsemen Let's send Trump to Mars - that planet needs CO2 emissions.
the only way he would pay attention is
Dear Bernie, the earth has been subject to climate changes since the beginning, in Roman Times more CO2 than now
u kno how u trust science to make engines work & medicine work? Why would ALL of them lie about this
@RobAbrahamian51 @Jordan_F_10  @lucydelain ugh the president we should have had am I right
absolutely. Dem leadership changing & #Millennials  leading the way #Action Climate
@JoeyKingActress Good luck with that 
Climate change and global warming are a Liberal lie.

@jikauffman or what Bernie?  Are you gonna go protest with the rest of the babies?
@Anothergreen Bernie's Bro thinks it's not true either
@mikerice6 show the proof
@peytonwalterss actin like u know
nope... it's a HOAX!
@alixcage I think you will find some fossil fuel companies have a reasonable position on climate change.
Who the heck do you think you are telling the President Elect what he 'better' do.
Trump is building a wall (another one) to protect a golf course from rising sea levels
@SunshineMama3 climates are changing all the time. This just proves man cannot touch that which God has ordained.
Well said! Fossil fuel companies have vested interests in denying #climatechange, scientists just want to get the science right.
Man-made climate change is a proven hoax. Give it a rest please. Dumb people think you're smart.
it may not be a hoax, but also not worth costing our economy trillions for a <10% of a degree difference in temperature.
Really then why make billions off carbon credits?
Climate change is the biggest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people.
Climate change is a scare tactic designed to diminish the rights of freedom loving people, and control their lives.
Bernie, we need you to buddy up to this idiot. I know it's a detestable job, but some progressives have to wrestle his reins.
#CommittedToParis
Or @algore or any polar bear.
of course their is climate change the earth used to be covered in ice; man-made climate change is a hoax
just like listen to pollsters. Or listen to media. Nahhh they never lie.
Obama in his press conference yesterday said the issue lies with China & India. The US only has moral leverage w/ an eco-policy.
Puzzled what they think is a hoax:
-Fossil fuel ->CO2?
-CO2 level is rising?
-CO2 absorbs IR?
-Global temps rising?
-Ice melts?
if you really think about it only atheist believe in scientist.  God would never create a world and then let it be destroyed.
have you said ANYTHING positive since your bitter loss? Do you not care Hillary forced you out? #MAGA
@kingapex_9 @kingapex_9 might want to expand you're reading sources....http://www.forbes.com/sites/jamestaylor/2013/02/13/peer-reviewed-survey-finds-majority-of-scientists-skeptical-of-global-warming-crisis/ …
Bernie, your a hoax.
fight against trump.  I supported you.
EVERY Scientist who's worth his salt has called "Climate Change" a  hoax!
sad that you supported hillary clinton, who supports fracking, continued oil drilling, and pipelines which endanger us all
Why @SenSanders @BernieSanders endorses terrorist 4 #DNC chair? https://goo.gl/oeSqbT  #BernieSanders #draintheswamp of #corrupt #traitors
the earth has gone through several drastic climate changes naturally. Earth will continue to freeze & thaw.
I agree
@Lanipator oh hey, it's this guy... still cashing them checks? Why do you target 1 person, when its millions of peoples problem
go vegan.
China and India have 1/2 to 2/3 of the worlds population....and none of the environmental regulations..just saying
it's President Elect Trump. Try not to disrespect the office because you dislike who was elected. Have some class
#notmypresident
There's so much info on climate out there, one has to be an idiot or fool to ignore it. Not that there's a shortage of either.
we could start by population control and sacrifice the elderly and rich....wait, that would include Orchesta Conductor Sanders.
I hope u would be saying the same if Clinton was elected :(
https://www.nasa.gov/feature/goddard/nasa-study-mass-gains-of-antarctic-ice-sheet-greater-than-losses …
You go Bernie!

I like Bernie.  Keep at it!
denial gives deniers more perks from oil companies bought folks without conscious
Well none of the presidents did before him, so why should he after being talked trash about.
Too late he's already made this appointment to the greatest naysayer available.
.@SenSanders Exxon scientists established CO2 levels were increasing and could lead to climate change. Then, decided to deny climate change
@K_hineswater20 it's a complete hoax created by the Chinese
which leftists prediction has every been right. And they've had many
Get real Bernie, the Earth has changed climate many times in past couple of billion years ...just remind when we arrived here!
@heididm08 unfortunately, big business is only interested in income to themselves and passing it tax free to their kids
The only hoax is Trump. He has to prove it otherwise.
Haven't convinced him or denier's so far (faith vs science?).  I hope it's not too late for legislative opposition.
We're counting on you to lead the fight against Trump for the next four years.  Give him hell, Bernie!
Yes! $150/gallon gas tax. Mass starvation is our comeuppance for over-population! Climate more important than people.
or what, Bernie? Are you going to waggle your finger at him more vigorously? Maybe screech a little louder?
preach!  #ActOnClimate
let us hear the scientist not a jackass like you! You don't have any credible scientific  evidence! Just Convoluted theory!
Trump should be impeached for crimes against humanity all the planet's inhabitants.
Sorry sir but I had the choice of die of civil war and government control or climate change. I chose climate  change.
it's not climate change but deforestation plud all the road ways and buildings we've put up. Stop lying to profit Al Gore
Absolutely. Scientists are more agreed on the hypothesis of climate change than they are about the existence of a supreme being.
OK experiment time put a piece of slate under a flood lamp it gets hot and takes longer to dissipate heat not shade the slate1/2
but who's paying for your scientists research and for what reason...

I agree
Thank goodness we have you on our side. 
then go vegan
We are having a picnic on the train tracks and the locomotive is barrelling towards us, but we continue to eat our sandwiches.

Doubt scientists can convince him, it's not the knowledge gap but the pot of money available to fossil fuel companies!
too late; he'll be dismantling environmental regulations; Wall Street having biggest week ever: profits greater than survival
bernie 2020 or consequenses
Seriously worried he couldn't care less. :-(
Bernie gets it. So tired of these billionaire dinosaurs that don't care that they will be leaving us with a catastrophe
Bernie if you wanted change then you should never have gone to Hillary. You failed Bernie Fenders
But But... He read it on the internet somewhere....  (facepalm) Anybody who goes outside can see climate is wonky
You took part in making this possible !
Scientific orgs in all countries conclude evidence is clear we contribute to climate change. Scientists need to comm this better
who knew anybody could be that narrow minded (stupid) as the president elect?!!! Get rid of the electoral votes.
@UKDemockery :: Yeah, about that pipeline project in Vermont..
Trump only listens to his fascist friends
@chunkymark er no. Climate change is natural process.
we are the threat.
@rachcsteele not a threat to planet merely to some of the species on the planet eg Homo sapiens happens every 125k year
that would be asking a bit too much of him, don't you think ?
@realDonaldTrump                You are the author of your own defeat. You'd do better to work with Trump than act like a bully.
yeah good luck with that. He won't believe hairdressers even with the benefit of a mirror. Why would he believe science?
@PsychedelEka Trump is a threat to this entire planet
Dems better stop pretending to listen. Acknowledging and kicking the can down the line is no better.
Senator,why is nothing being stopd about this which affects the climate.Mass land clearing/mining inc use of HARP around world
yeah, I just harvested snap peas, strawberries, and tomatoes. All new growth here in Colorado. Unheard of this time of year!
trump says that obama is the weakest&stupidest president ever &that putin&russia r strong&smart is he lying or is trump thatgood
Climate change IS a fact, so shut down HAARP and shut down the other climate control left by the Anunnaki.
Unfortunately! you are beating the drum in ears of careless man who act as a deaf and blind when his interest are involved
Which scientists @SenSanders ?? The 1% that mulls the other 99?? Don't fool us. Climate changes but not by men
Unlike many students, Trump will be "allowed" to listen to scientists from both sides of issue & confirm it's a hoax.
how? his head is up his arse and he's surrounded by the core servants and paid jackals of the fossil fuel industry.
it is the biggest hoax that is been perpetuated upon the society. Tear up the Paris agreement
Science helped us get to the Moon. Forge ahead with science for helping protect Earth #RenewableEnergy @SenSanders @SpaceGeek6272
@alliemurphy_12 is trump Taylor? "Global warming isn't real"
very nice
climate change is happening all the time since the beginning of earth, it's people who are victim of charge not the planet...
@Beauty3244 I doubt it - especially if it means money for him.
or what? You're going to shake your fist at em? All you showed is that you'll roll over when the people votes are stolen.
you do know what solar flares are right??? 

Science!
Exactly. My mom & I returned home to very hot weather last month. It's still very warm.
Now watch hypocrite dems suddenly give a shit while they stayed silent on @HillaryClinton , candidate fossil fuel gave most $$ 2
