As your friend and classmate, Come on bro! Patriotism? That word is synonymous with Republicans. Let's not continue the #doublestandard #DNC
Republicans do not own the flag, they do not own the word patriot, in fact after this fiasco, the only word they own right now is complicit.
 synonymous and own are totally different! Typical of you!
Synonymous: closely associated with or suggestive of something.
"his deeds had made his name synonymous with victory"
Exactly my point! Thanks! Republicans are certainly associated with #Patriotism Again they don't burn the flag like far left and antifa
They don't burn the flag, they just commit Treason and welcome and comfort dictators from around the world.  #GOPProud #SquadGoals
 keep reaching! Looks like the @WashingtonPost has got some 'splaining to do: http://youtu.be/gIQRHjIXyjc 

#BrennanHearing
Your tin foil hat is on tight, friend.  Good luck with your party over country approach to life.
Did that mean that tomorrow never comes?
pretty much, unless the threat from donors are taken seriously. they are wanting to stop giving $$ to the republicans.
Exactly. The #GOPutin takes no action if it's not sanctioned by the donors.
GOP is selling the country for money. Why would they share?
Greed and beyond. USA never had this big treason before. Trump is a historical.person in that respect.
Well said Senator, thank you for holding the Republican Congressman and Senators accountable to their oath.
Watching you on C-Span #HOLDTHEFLOOR #HealthCareForAll Thanks for your voice, people's live are depending on all of you @SenateDems  Thanks!
Excellent!
Thank you for your hard work to stop the theft of healthcare from the American people.
Bless you for your questions today!!!!
Well done
legit my fave moment is when Schumer leans over the rim of his glasses to whisper 'he's good, isn't he?' into the other Senator's ear.
Don't hold your breath.
What's happen to TRUTH, JUSTICE and THE AMERICAN WAY
You sure can act like you know anything, but don't know nothing. Yes we can't wait until tomorrow with you losers the "DEMOCRATS."

@CNNSitRoom Sen Ucalled Kushner attempts to talk to Kremlin Bank&Russia Weird. Sir Words Matter both ways. Illegal -possible Treasonous Act
#Tonight KHON news said Trump's budget is going to cut one important thing FoodStamps-SNAP is not enough. Stop the budget-Mahalo Nui Loa.
WHY would @GOP be clinging 2the least respectable DJT; he'll eventually decimate all of them one by one. Are they insinuating @VP is worse?
Repeal and replace ObamaCare!  We cannot afford the premiums.  Now we have no healthcare because we work as substitute teachers for Hawaii.
Thank you Senator (and all those who are fighting with you!) for fighting for the American people!!  Please stay strong!!
Thank you for fighting for our right to have hearings on Trumpcare2.  Keep up the good work, fellow True Patriot.
Mumbling is exactly how I would describe @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain Near-Silence describes @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan #Emoluments
Maybe you should dig up Obama's and Hillary's #Russian Reset Button. That was good to sell #America to your Commie Friends.
Agree.  Patriotism does not mean blind allegiance to party, it means supporting a true and ethical government.  Allegiance to country 1st.
Amen. But one problem: #GOPisGovernmentOfPUTIN & must first be DECAPITATED. 
#25thAmendment  or #ImpeachANDProsecute45
how do we save this video that is also captioned so wall - great to have the captioning, thanks.
Yep! Mahalo!
Yes! Have courage to stand w/me as I tell the "truth" and exercise right to leak info to "friends," and you too can be as happy as @PressSec
Thank you Everyday you ask th REPUBLICANS let 2dayb th day,But it never Happens Th Republicans keep CHOOSING PUTIN GREED th POS OVER THE USA
Did Soros' give you that talking point?

First thought: Perfectly said. Second (weary) thought: Good luck with that
Miracles can occur !
Sorry to disappoint but it looks like you won't be getting this wish today 5-17-17.
You should ALL be taking this oath, not just one party. Stop pointing fingers and own up dude. Don't forget who you work for.
Drivel. Schatz is Schumer's mouthpiece. Schatz will not go in front of the camera unless Schumer tells him what to say. Disingenuous crap.
O honey. That ship's sailed. They've shown their real faces: no courage no moral compass no conscience. Just plain ole depraved avarice.
Thank you, sir!
Oh, it will not be tomorrow or the day after either, I assure you.
Well said.
Yes!!!! Thank you
Well said. Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Courage seems in short supply these days. Thank you for your call to honor and courage. Our Constitution demands it. #democracy
Well said! Bravo! I hope your colleagues were listening.

Well said. Thank you
Perfectly said.
Thank you Senator.
