If there were people protesting the Nazis, and did so violently. Those people are in the wrong.

Violence is unacceptable in a civil society
We have a right to defend our country from terrorists and their chump of a leader.
Words are not equivalent to actions.

If they attack you, by all means, defend yourself.

If they say something you disagree with, no right.
Any terrorist who gladly carries flags proclaming their ignorance should be taken down.
Ban waving offensive flags? Attempt to put it in legislation if you truly believe it.

But the solution isn't to be a violent "vigilante"./1
How would you defend your family from terrorists?   Send them a memo?
A surplus of firearms. Granted, that they approach my family in a way that endangers my family.

Waving a flag doesn't endanger me.
Waving swastikas endangers our country.
Not my senator
I'm asking @brianschatz to understand the difference between Protesters and VIOLENT ANITFA RIOTERS!
Oh gosh.
Oh C'mon Donna, really? Research events and rhetoric. It's propaganda and manipulation.
There's no point in reasoning with supporters of DJT.  They don't read, care about morals or understand the basic tenets of Christianity.
What's so Christian ,in supporting nazis,and can't denounce such groups please explain ?,where is this world going to ?wow unbelievable
Thank you, Brian!
Lemming
Q? What if DT is a planted agent & doing these things
because he hates the US & is paid by Putin to disrupt
our Govt? How would we stop him?
President flip flops to what he believes in every other day...dont waste ur breath explaining it to him
You know nothing
You area clown ANFITA are your Brown Shirts!
They've created a media blitz to demonize antifas (which is anti-fascism), and haven't said a bad word about nazis or white nationalists.
The people protesting came looking to brawl, on both sides.  Stop pretending like thugs are only on one side.
You are what I call spinning the truth to fit your needs.  Fools will believe the spin I guess that is why your still in office.
If they both act in violence then its hard to differentiate between them.#peaceandunderstandingisnotoutdated
sadly I am not so sure that @realDonaldTrump will ever distinguish nazis from people who protest against nazis. #ImpeachTrump #ResistHate
Those so called people had bats,urine and feces in bottles and concrete they threw.Antifa is just as much of terrorist as the faske nazis
If you wanna point fingers why not go after the city council that gave the supremacists the permit to be there.
So true! They need slapping
Shoulda been more specific; free speech doesn't mean incite hate/riots but there's a thin line and I can ^say what I want to^
Absolutely! Totally agree on all points!
My sentiments,a failed presidency ,what a shame,embarrassing incompetent and pathetic sad once again
Wow Wolf! You have the trolls buzzing on this one. Great Job! You must have hit a nerve
Not my senator
coming from a guy who is not acting like a representative of the Hawaii people with the way he speaks and acts more like a spoiled child
I'm just asking YOU to understand baseball bats and rocks don't have a political differentiation.
But swastikas do.
So do mask and covered faces,throwing bottles of urine and feces..Antifa
Schatz approves of the antifa fascists beating people, and burning property? Yet #FakeNewsCNN doesn't ask Schatz what Kristallnacht was.
..Trump was right in condemning all..The white nationalist who organized the rally.Was a Dem & follower of Obama .
63 million of us are not Nazi's. many of us are Jewish and highly offended by your suggestion. Remember we won the White House.

Left assumed Trump will never be selected by Republicans. Then he will never beat HRC. IN THE PRIVACY OF VOTING 70 MIL WILL VOTE REPUB
Please Brian... Explain to us how that violent, agressive and intolerant mob of leftwing radicals differs from nazi's?
Those are fascists Brian use the word
his son-in-law, daughter and grandchildren are of the Jewish faith (orthodox observers) and HE doesn't understand?

#TRUMP: THE MOST UNTRUSTED NAME ON THE PLANET
...You say tomato, I say http://xn--to-mat-gxa.Youto-mató.You  say #nazi, I say model citizen....
Antifa vandalize and try to divide the left and right much further with violence.The recent Nazi press gave them so called justification.
Left and right both protest ad denounce white supremacist anti Semitic groups. Antifa is nothing but a violent anarchistic movement!
Nazis support him, the other's don't. That basic. That simple.
@CNN @brianschatz 

and with that said or unsaid, how about his policies, though...
@CNN @brianschatz 

Aren't you really asking him to say he doesn't already?
Why expect moral clarity & moral leadership from someone who showed us, during his campaign, that he possesses neither? #unfit #ImpeachTrump
Why can not people see the truth of what happened. You people are inciting riots.
You people are stirring a pots that does not need stirring. The democratic leadership has got to far.
He knows.  The nazis heil him with their entire arm and we do the same with one finger....the middle one.

There is NO Difference between KKK.NAZI, and BLM,ANTIFA ,,,,open your eyes people . just you-tube these groups and see for yourself
Politics 101!
@FoxNews @cbs @nbc @abc Dangerous that we have open carry laws. Anyone who brings gun or implement that can be weapon should be stopped.Sad!
Nazis are Germans
I fixed it for you guys.
Sir, you should instead ask ALL to RECOGNIZE diff btw politicos who espouse hatred for personal gain & people who offer FORGIVENESS & LOVE.
One must have basic comprehension skills to understand, besides he only understands his own lil world
@realDonaldTrump doesn't even know his ass from a hole in the ground
Will America wait for another elected Hitlar.
Where was your outrage with Obama & BLM.  Get off your high horse.
Sounds like you're presuming you're talking to a sane person who can be reasonable
Duh   That's because there ARE 2 Sides to everything or there would never b a conflict   Yes there are nazis? I guess? & ones against them
Antifa should be exterminated together with neo- Nazis.   Both groups are equally bad.
They were not protesting the Natzis they were rioting. White nationalist were protesting there is a difference. Violence started by antifa
You have a right to protest, not to insight violence. Let's be honest here. Watch from start to finish and you will see the light. #MAGA
Cnn promotes hate....destroy it...oh wait...cnn is killing itself with its sad agenda bs....look Russia lmmfao....
Thats a good one. Correctly stated 'tell us the difference between Nazis and violent, fascist, anarchists" Really, what is the difference?
Saw you today... instant like. You were spot on with what you said about Trump.
Uhmm..this "president" barely knows reality
The president could be blue in the face (purple?) and still he wouldn't understand. nor would he care. Unless nazis are disrupting his golf.

Brian, if U think for a second that @POTUS doesn't know the diff between nazi abomination & scum of the earth than U need a head examination
It's like asking the President to understand why we have 50 stars on the American flag. U would expect him to know these things won't you?
I heard Trump flat out condemn the Nazis and watched the people protesting against them violate their right to free speech.
Constitution protects all Americans even those we don't like. It doesn't give others a right to prevent you from speaking.
That's asking a lot because he's unbelievably stupid. He doesn't have the mental capacity to comprehend something so simple.
Did you ever actually look to see what Antifa, BLM, RESIST do? They r a very violent movement. There r enough YOUTUBE vids that don't lie.
Both are hate groups
Hard to tell the difference when they're both wielding clubs and showing their hate!
Why bother?

Ahem. Retweet a clip of your appearance tonight on @MSNBC's #AlllIn with @JoyAnnReid hosting too, please.
OK so the OTHER GROUP DONT HAVE A NAME BUT HIDE THERE FACES.. YOU ARE A JOKE
Anyone who would allow Wolfe to interview them, aren't worth listening to!
Antifa is as bad as Nazis. Both are evil & violent.
Anti-fascists and the black bloc tactic originated in Nazi Germany
CNN IS A LYING NETWORK!!!! 
It was great seeing you on MSNBC!  Hawaii is lucky to have such an intelligent and well spoken Senator!
OMG, what a joke..Don't be fooled, not everyone in Hawaii likes@brianschatz...He's NOT my senator
CNN is 24/7 hate promoting propaganda! No other media has CNN's craving for blood and violence! I am so sick is this news media!
sorry - there is no Nazi exception to the 1st amendment
who is this clueless person? Why is he been given airtime? Oh I see, it's CNN ! Idiots welcome
我只是问了一句你是人还是牲口，这并没有什么别的意思
Please, how many people were affected by Nazis?
It's 2017 and we have fringe groups of communists and Nazis running the media spotlight 24/7. THATS THE REAL PROBLEM!
Nazi's is the social worker party!!! aka BERNIE... what is so bad?  have you seen a debtor nation about to dissolve . do some thing?

Wasting your time.
nazis are dumb protesters are uneducated

Put @ScottBaio in this memo as well. That guys a fucking tool
If this jack off has to ask the president to understand the difference in protesters he needs to resign so someone else can lead in America!
These People ....= Unhinged lunatics just like Nazis. We get it
U don't get it. Those people protest EVERYTHING and think it's ok to be violent while doing so. If they were genuine it would be different
So if a killer protest against a mass murderer....some how his sins are forgiven....and looked over
He cannot understand this we are all people of color 
Oh do tell you bunch of fraudsters





What is the difference between protesters and antifa senator I know wolf doesn't know he's dumb as a rock
Thats a cute play CNN.
Trott out the “measured approach” guy.
Discount important facts
Present bias view
cute ...
I have a feeling Antifa and Black turds Matter started all the bullshit


Really! when the Nazis are dead and gone. The Antifa will use their hatred on every free thinking American pick your poison
It was about time
Maybe someone should explain the difference between protesting and violently attacking someone, to @brianschatz.
Understand this,what ever you call yourself,Nazi,Antifa,blm,a group filled with hate isn't wanted anywhere.
More propaganda from communist CNN!

And wearing black covering there faces!
Pathetic that someone needs to explain this to a physically grown man. It shows how stunted Trump is mentally. @realDonaldTrump #resist
Another peaceful protest by Antifa!
When will the #Dems #Disavow @MariaChappelleN she asked for assasination of @POTUS
Leftist extreme news: there is no difference when your just as violent!  
That's clearly not peaceful!
Grow up, Where was you offense when Obama let the police be killed and went golfing. Turned a blind eye to the riots???????
"Let the police be killed". Is he supposed to patrol the streets? BLM disowned the guy who shot the Dallas cops...
Nazi's are National Socialist created by the left
Anchor @wolfblitzer ,@CNN
Please ask if Jared and Ivanka will speak before sundown! Why are they hiding? Good Shabos
we all understand it and don't need the MSM explaining it. He condemned ALL Hate groups that covers it all now explain why your so biased
No he didn't. Fact. He's a racist, a Nazi and he's fat. Reply?
Perfect Art for @POTUS
Where did RUSSIA go???? You must have Amnesia. Did you  forget RUSSIAN collusion???? #FakeNews
He knows the difference and has stated the difference. Even the virginia state police said violence came from both sides but @wolfblitzer ..
Won't show that nor diduss that. Not part of their agenda
Thank you for standing up for us and for America. Mahalo.
their people that want to burn the constitution etc as all written by racist slave owners !
its a sad state in the usa . when we have nazi and kkk defend our constitution from people that want to burn it !
why cant people see frist lee etc , all the way up to the constitution of the usa as written by slave owners
small baby step first lee , then washington , then bill of rights , constitution ,many things works by racist slave owners
ENUF ALREADY!

-My vote was cast for Clinton,but I take offense for the media's twisting T's words and actions to get rid of him.
This people le are not against Nazis,they are worse.
Just asking you to understand the difference between ppl who protest against Nazis & ANTIFA, BLM, ..
This man works for the people. Passing tax reform is for the People not the President!
Mr. Schatz is an opportunist, riding the wave of idiocy created when CNN/others deliberately mistread Trump's "both sides" comments. #MAGA
Great interview!
Makes Sense To Me.
Stop listening to the MEDIA.. THEY DRESS IN BLACK AND HIDE THERE FACES..PLEASE
Not protest which is legal, violence is not legal. There's your difference
They are also protesting the US constitution you America hating libtard
USE YOUR BRAINS PEOPLE. EVERYONE OUT THERE AT THAT RALLY  IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CHAOS THAT HAPPENED. STOP WITH THE BS.
Most counter protest were lawful. Antifa was not.
Antifa dresses in black and cover their faces so that they can do unlawful acts and get away with it(that is their own explanation).
Jake Tapper just had segment on this. Antifa is the flip coin of the KKK

Consider the difference between those on both sides who engage in violece....


Replace that with Stalin and you could say it's a poster for antifa.
VA law enforcement let KKK & ANTIFA get together in their streets to kiss & hug each other. Media blames POTUS for Virginia's party.
There wasn't any "Collision," nor collusion!
#AltLeft #Nazis

We are with you honey
Cnn Has One WORKING for them
This is apparently a very tough thing to understand according to POTUS some Nazis are very fine people
Right or wrong people have the right to protests. Nazis are horrible people but they get the same rights as everyone else
He's not only unfit for the presidency, he's unfit as a person.
Why?

#Trump defending white supremacist/Nazis shows his true colors. 
#Bannon's firing is pointless whilst Trump is @POTUS. #Pence stood by him.
