Wow we have a president that knows what the term "red line" is and is man enough to actually do something when it's crossed.
No, he should've taken out Assad and not told putin beforehand
Russia used the base that was hit, asking the Russians to "get out" prevented more deaths & escalation with Russia. It was a wise move.
Guessing u have a public education, b/c that's the logic I expect of a student from a country that spends 54% on defense and 6% on education
Awww you're trying to insult me. Good for you
I did insult you. You wouldn't have replied if it didn't cut true.
The chemical attack has to be investigated and verified first. I am afraid this will only strengthen Al-Qaeda and Isis. WWIII looming?
(200k) people die each year in America from air pollution. This president's war on clean air is far more frightening then Al-Qaeda.
Apples to oranges. Nice way to take attention away from the topic. Totally unrelated.
A life is a life.
Assad defines logic. He's a war criminal. Don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure this out.
Well said sir;essential to understand complex Syria sit'n & risks of strengthening ISIS aligned groups & backers. Need strategy not impulse.
Where's the proof Assad was behind this?
In front of your face.
easily recognizable as a carrot
How about "is Assad even guilty to begin with?" Why must we decide prior to any impartial investigation or serious examination of evidence??
what deeper escalation does it risk to narrowly destroy some of the instruments of Assad's worst war crimes?
Thank you.
Thank you for being one of a few voices of reason in this increasingly mad irrational country
Thank you for being a voice of reason in the bomb-obsessed macho bluster that passes for public discourse.
The only problem with your statement is that there is no evidence of Assad's involvement. Every thing hints to a false flag! #White Helmets
Sir you need to read the war powers act again! The President CAN use military force Without Congress knowledge or approval for limited time.
He's a Senator. Think he knows
Obviously he doesn't because on ch 2 news he states the President doesn't have the right to act with out approval of him &the peanut gallery
Mahalo for thoughtful response in this matter. Btw heard that Admin let Russia know about planned attack but didn't let Congress know 1st?
How about this Mar-a-Lago business? Introduce legislation to use non-private forums to host foreign officials. I am sick of the fleecing.
Yet, i have'nt had a proof of #Assad being the one who did the #ChemicalAttack
Thank you for coming out against the illegal attacks on Syria. The @TheDemocrats must come out against this war. @SenBennetCO @SenSchumer
Unfortunately the @TheDemocrats are pro-war as well. We have two pro-war corporatist parties now. Thank you @billclinton @HillaryClinton
Not a Trump supporter. it was a type of  surgical strike to the base that delivered the sarin gas. How does that escalate Assads war crimes?
Jeff Sessions is a racist bigot who should never be leading the @TheJusticeDept #impeachtrump
Thanking you from Maui, Senator Schatz.
Nothing is proof. The last gas attack was from UN launched to the"rebbells""
Thank you and please get the rest of the Dems in line
Well said
A democrat that willing to go against the neo-liberal DNC establishment!! 

Thank you!!!
So what do you propose we do about it @SenBrianSchatz ?
Senator, If you think any of us believe this was anything else but a Wag the Dog effort by the President, you have misjudged the situation.
let me guess, you think talking will solve the problem. Let real men make national security decisions. We'll give you a participation 
Thanks @SenBrianSchatz. We will not forget you taking this stand.
what is your answer?
what about the other 8k US strikes in Syria?
Obama planned a CW ON SYRIA TO BLAME assad in 2013. Look it up. America always caught but no one wants to take them down. Inshallah Russia
Thank you for coming out against this. Assad is a bad dude but we've made this mistake before. Rebels are all jihadists lets think this thru
Let me say thank you for speaking out!
That worked well for Obama & Kerry? They said they got rid of all the chemical weapons.
what about draw a yellow line?
Thank you!
Yeah, diplomacy has had so much of a positive affect on Syria since this civil war began. Ask the citizens how effective Obama diplomacy was
hmmm the last time they were itching to get into Syria they used the "chemical weapons" excuse. I'd bet it was ISIS and not Assad.
@mcbyrne another good example.
more of this from Democrats please.
Thank you. Please check on Trump-Russia collusion in the attack-response process. Were Putin,Assad involved?Is it WagtheDog?
Thank you. 
First establish some evidence. First consider the illogic of Assad doing this when things were going his way? This stinks.
And what investigation are you referencing to state that it was #Assad who did this attack????? #FalseFlag #USGOHOME
Kudos to you, Senator! Thank you!
Thank you for being the voice of sanity in this mad parade.
Syrian legitimate government, not a "regime"
right, the answer is what Obama did for 5 years, absolutly nothing. even his so called deal with Russia did not work.
Thank you. Finally a balanced, rational response.
BRAVO. Proud of you for not rushing to beat the drum for another expensive, deadly, awful quagmire of an endless conflict
Agreed. We're already involved in civil wars in Afghan &Iraq & there's mission creep in Yemen. We're seen as invaders & we can never get out
LOL how do you think a "diplomatic effort" will "achieve a political solution that results in a post-Assad Syrian govt" exactly??
it will not, not that he cares.
Negotiate w/dictator and our allies in the region until he voluntarily gives up power. Seems so simple, why didn't Obama think of that??
He was busy bolstering unreliable militias that had infighting with those weapons to "help". oh shit wait aren't we there for ISIS anyway?
bravo, sir.
Where was this outrage while POTUS 44 used airstrikes in civilian areas? This POTUS strikes a military target and now it's a problem?
5 Chemical attacks in 2013, what did you do Sir?
trump oked it five days before it happenned. I want to know if he sold them the gas. #resist
Never mind it was a staged attack to bolster poll numbers, fake outrage from russia to seek sanction removal
#Trumprussia
 You can't possibly be serious. 
I agree with you!
Its called cleaning up Obama's TOTAL MESS
Are you really that dumb?
Are you?
No, but you clearly are.
Truth hurts doesnt it? Trump is cleaning up Obama's TOTAL MESS in the ME
ahahahahaha 

You're an idiot.
t how come when Obama had rules of engagement it didnt count but when trump does the same thing it does? double standard!!!!
Knocking over another government in the Middle East region is not the answer. Thank you senator for your measured position on this.
What evidence do you have it was Assad?
How worried should Hawaii be? #closetargets
@pierre Disagree for the short term. DJT had his bluff called & the adults (McMaster?) said no. Now Assad, Putin & Kim know.
That's a lot of globalization you're asking for there, buddy.
Attacking delivery methods of Chemical Weapons is a completely justified response. Some "Senators" are behaving like we hit a city!
In 2013, we got all sorts of pictures like this of chemcal munitions 

I can't find a single one about this last attack.

Why?
2013's are fake? If you recall they had "white hats" handling victims without PPE...and doctors live tweeting in the middle of a gas attack?
No, I beleive Brown Moses. 2013's munitions were reliably identified as CW munitions.

2017? I'm still waiting to see something.
Above all if it's a fake one!
yes yes yes a million times yes
