Hawaii is an insult to America.
Nice patriotism there. You should feel ashamed.
You just don't know the history. Did you sleep through school
Please explain how the former country we invaded and claimed for our own due to its strategic importance, whose civilians died for our war,
Times changed. Communists during the 50's ran to Hawaii for refuge get with the program.
And? This isn't the McCarthy era. I think Trumpists are un-American but that doesn't make Alabama less of a state.
Trump supporters are the most loyal Americans that have stepped forward after such a long time
The amount of brain wash and delusion you cultists possess is truly frightening.
Because they are not an island in the Pacific?
Because that fact in no way delegitimizes their judges.
They don't understand. Fake outrage when racists are labeled deplorable. Head scratch when you refer to a state as just "that place".
as a former resident of the island in the Pacific I'm not head scratching just LMAO at bias MSM outrage at everything including AG's comment
As a former resident of Hawaii why were you delighting at the prospect of them being exterminated by NK in your deleted tweet?
Wouldn't matter if you never lived there. That's a disgusting thing to suggest. Wtf is wrong with these people?
These people? Libs love dividing and injecting race. America is growing more tired of it by the day. Best of luck though.
Says the guy who voted for someone who has a hard on injecting race into everything. The hypocrisy from his supporters and himself is funny
Sessions is an insult period
What's an insult is that Hawaii has zero refugees but wants the states to accept them!  Hypocrite
100% correct and I'm embarrassed as a native Hawaiian to be lumped in with such hypocrisy.
 Thank You!
I just want people to know a judge on Oahu doesn't represent us all. I understand we have NO right interjecting in this particular issue!!!
Understand! We shouldn't lump everyone together and for that I apologize!
No apology needed. Just wanted to send my support from that island in the Pacific 

What a load of schatz
Sessions is an insult to the people of the US.
Not to me...I guess that you speak for yourself
Because it is an island...and you advertise it that way....
But he talked about it in a way as if that island has no significant importance to us although that island is 1 of the 50 states
also I first defense in the Pacific
,? A
@brianschatz @jeffsessions ->A JUDGE who is LYING in PUBLIC, saying he would stay out of Public Politics and suppose to be NEUTRAL! Not
If the ppl of Hawaii voted you into office they have insulted all constitutionalist across they country.
Too bad Hawaii is stuck with you (Schatz) until 2022. I dislike all of your views.
Like Alabama is such a garden spot?
Trump and all of his "people" are so arrogant and entitled! No authenticity, no compassion, no respect, no humility, no clue and NO MANNERS!
Need a tissue?
No not a tissue, rather an enema to clean this country of Trump, Sessions, and the rest of this despicable crew.
dam girl you got Russian bots coming out of Siberian butt !
According to the US Constitution t was not. READ IT AND USE IT.
Great to meet with you Senator. Your confidence was distributed to Hawaii when we heard facts and honesty. CNN report, showing us the way!
Another misled dopey sheep 
Don't understand the ignorance. Illegal is illegal. Be responsible for your actions. Whine, whine, whine...
why is anyone surprised that Sessions would make such a biggoted statement
Lighten up Brian. All he said was a judge making decisions from the paradise islands could be out of touch with reality. Listen up...geesh
Someone's out of touch, but it's not those Hawaii judges
Actually it is the judge, Obama issued a similar ban when he was in office because for once he was smart (That hurt me to say)
Sessions spoke the truth.Had Obama or any of his cronies said what he said - NOTHING would have been said about it.He wasn't putting HI down
Because Obama wouldn't say that. He has tact. And an understanding of government.
That's nice. He still would never say that.
He still knew it was a state. Smarter than Sessions it seems. Or someone who would hire Sessions...
Even if Hawaii was considered part of Asia that wouldn't make it part of an Asian nation. India wasn't part of Europe under British rule.
I've been a resident of Oahu since 1983, AG Session's comment doesn't insult me. Get thicker skin brah. Is anything the Trump admin says ok?
Well said!!!!
@SheeGhee our first defense in the Pacific ..
This entire administration is an insult to Americans with a brain
what a loser snowflake
Hey Sessions .That 'little island" is where 2400 servicemen died defending the USA.
thank you for saying this ! Have a great evening
Jeff Sessions is an insult!!
Thanks @GOP for choosing the best AG that fights for all the rights of all citizens regardless of where they reside...
I am shocked that people are shocked that Sessions makes good ole boy racist comments. Duh...Sessions = kkk member! @realDonaldTrump
Not even near a racist comment snowflake
Jeff Sessions still think there is a king in Hawaii
You didn't expect Trump to choose someone with intelligence and tact did you?
And to those who died at Pearl Harbor and to those who lost loved ones in WWII and to all Americans everywhere.
Ridiculous
What, exactly, is ridiculous?
How an the World is anything Jeff Sessions any of that? What a stretch
1/ I'll try to do this via Twitter, but I encourage you to keep up with the news to get the full idea. Hawaii has been a STATE since 1959.
Oh don't bother!
Oh, no! Snowflake! Did I melt you with facts? Find a safe space! Hurry!
Snowflake = liberal crybabies *see picture if you/mirror!
Well....it's true, they are a bit disconnected from the mainland...JS
Possibly the only islanders who will support this jerk and Trump are from Staten Island.
Or Gilligan's Island, Skull Island, Fantasy Island
I wouldn't worry too much about what a little guy who mends shoes in the dead of night says. Hes just tired from the late nights
And I bet he voted for Sessions to be AG.  Did anyone expect better.  He is an insult to so many.
FYI, there are petitions that can be signed for Attorney Sessions to do something about all of the fake news networks, Google it
How can anyone believe what CNN reports, if anyone still does then u must enjoy hearing lies, or be a Hillary supporter
Jeff Sessions is an insult to the American People.
You don't have to worry about Jeff & the GOP gang going to Hawaii, #Obama was born there.
Jeff is an insult to all Americans
Bite your tongue chubby cheeks
COME ON GIVE IT A REST R U KIDDING ME OR WHAT
oh shut up
Sadly, @jeffsessions's comments are more than just an insult to Hawaii. They're part of an attack on blue America.
You can shop judges to rule in your favor. Judges are to uphold the law not make changes to existing laws without any bias, clearly this was
It was not unconstitutional, he has the right given by congress to protect this country. You and the liberal judges are creating this crisis
It was an insult to people period!
JEFF SESSIONS & the so called POTUS IS AN INSULT TO ALL  AMERICANS!
GROW UP!!!
To bad.
Did you tweet about the democrats who voted for Gorsuch as federal judge and didn't support him for SCOTUS? Because I didn't see one!!
He's an insult. Period.
The statement was true
And Sessions' confirmation as Attorney General was an insult to the people of the United States.
Sessions referred to Hawaii as an island in the Pacific? What was he thinking?
Stop allowing liberal activism from the bench. Focus on dnc chair attacking republicans. should be fired. Republiphobic and we are offended
Sure Is.
@CNN  @brianschatz  OMg  interpretation is in the mind of the beholder.. too bad u feel insulted. @jeffsessions  statement are FACTs 
Get over it, he described exactly what you are
if the island in the Pacific wasn't the issue why did he say it why did he just say the judge and his name because he's a liar
where is the news? It's sad that #CNNfakenews fills nearly all their Twitter feed , used to be a great news network. #mightyfallen
He's right. How can some fake judge on some island in the Pacific overrule the will of the vast majority of people.
What do we expect Session got this job w racist past while committed perjury. And
confirmed by the d most hypocrite,racist and shady REP's
Who give a shit! Hawaii are multiple islands but considered only as a state, so saying is an island= a state. Only Libshit give a shit
That's okay. A federal judge in Hawaii insulted the people of the Continental United States.
He is stuck in his #Era #1865 when #Hawaii wasn't yet a state. #Neanderthal @jeffsessions
That whole red party is an insult to any intelligent human being, you know, those who didn't vote for Trump, the majority of Americans.
Ohhh cry a river. How about everyone stop with the I'm offended crap. I'm so over the big bunch of babies out there.
Get over it!
Womp wompp womp, womp womp
Sessio s is a insult to humanity
Well that is where Obama is from
Insult to America from
@jeffsessions is amazed that judge could stop executive order. What's amazing is US Attorney General doesn't understand checks & balances.
@SenBrianSchatz Sessions and people like him never wanted HI as a state for this very reason...
No, you are an insult to Hawaii. It used to be a place where it was pro American. Now it's run by crazy leftists.
His comment was true! Get over it, grow up, find something worth crying about! The left R all CHILDREN! Just looking 4 something 2 cry about
To bad
He's a democrat...he's afraid the remaining liberal won't vote for him if he doesn't talk crap about Sessions....
Thank you for your integrity. It is deeply appreciated by US citizens who deplore racism. Stand firm against The Ban.
Session still has a job? WOW only in America! 
How many immigrants are actually ending up in Hawaii? I think you know the jist of the conversation. Give it up
@DarleneDeJohnet Its an insult to my 7th grader who knows Hawaii is the 50th state. And his biggest responsibility is mowing the lawn.
@jeffsessions @brianschatz The US treats Hawaii more as a possession than a state. Oh, wait. That's because it is! That karma tho.
Right again.

He won't apologize, because a) he's NOT sorry and b) he's NOW the AG, and emboldened, tRump is president & deconstuctionists rule.
And Hawaii is an embarrassment to our nation!
Every one of Jeff Sessions' comments are an insult to someone. What's your point?
Hawaii is an insult to the US
Who gives a Schat?
I love that a state with little to no illegal immigrants is dictating what the policy should be for the rest of the country. What a crock 
never get an apology from this trump guy. They don't apologize for anything ignorant.
Take a chill pill and tone down the drama - thanks.
Of course it was. That's Trump's guy. A downgrade in the Attorney General posiiton. That's for sure.
Sessions is as big a D.S. as trump
The whole WH is a embarrassment
Grow up Brian Schatz...you talk like a little kid! Go home and tell Mama!
The judges and senators of Hawaii need to have some damn respect for the President of the United States and his constitutional authority!
this idiot believes its a Muslim ban and the its unconstitutional. Last time I checked the constitution was for US citizens. not aliens
I agree
He misspoke. Report some news for a change.
Hawaiian people are bigots.
He didn't insult Hawaii, he insulted it's tiny judge
Jeff Sessions is an insult to the American people. Don't feel bad, we are in it together.
Look over him,he don't know all the states by name yet! He still think Alaska is part of Canada.
Wow.  My dad is bigger than your dad. My family has a nicer car than yours. Really is this what we have become
So far the #TrumpIdiocracy has threatened and insulted its way through 100 days. Success rate zero.
Said no one ever
Sessions has brought nothing but disgrace 2 the doj his flippant and callous  behavior is not American it's russian sessions is a traitor
Oh and that witch Hillary's behaviour is American?
We have to accept  that Sessions  has a history of insulting  people  and he does not care
If they're stupid they deserve it
Get over yourselves and take in some refugees
@SenBrianSchatz Agree. Big insult. Years ago after a 15-mon overseas military tour a friendly Hawaiian smile welcomed me home to America
Get over it and get a tissue for your issue
Oh fucking stop.
It was an insult to intelligent people!!
No surprise, but what is absofreakinlutely unexplainable to the rational mind is, Why? Hawaii is better than that. sitTFD your turn's comin'
Common Brian, it was just some down home plantation conservative values...
What a clown!  Go pound sand.
Ignorant people make ignorant comments. Simple as that.
Then even more ignorant people twist it then try to call it news...then more ignorant people believe it smh 
Jeff Session's is an insult period!
another snowflake crying
Think. He graduated HS in 1964 - in Alabama. "Colored" waiting rms, water fountains. I lived there, I know. He's racist to his core.
Isn't Hawaii a red state?
No its a blue state.. that's why there inner city's are poor and run down.
Then whats , the rest of the South's excuse 0_0 ?
Trump has to make filling those Federal benches a top priority. If Federal judges are allowed to play politics with rulings,lets even it up.
B/S! Amazing how the  Dems will lack on to anything to bitch about to avoid facing the real problems of this Nation!
I think the people of Hawaii will get over it.  Most of them probably don't even know who Sessions is.
@SenBrianSchatz u live on a island in the Pacific get over it you big baby don't dwell on it @jeffsessions keep up the good work @POTUS
Is a pattern of the Trump administration to attack the judicial system. You the bearers of the freedom of information keep a close watch.
Sen. Brian Schwyz you're an insult to the American people and an obstructionist Democrat
just tell us how? Your full of poi
More crying from the countries only all-blue senate. What do you expect, Mr. BS is surrounded by minions stroking his ego
Jeff Sessions himself is an insult to America
I don’t know what’s worse, being ignorant & trying to make a point OR defending your ignorance.
Created News Network is an insult to all America!
@CNN @politico @jonfavs @MSNBC @JasonKander 1 man can stop a travel ban? U mean just like 1 man could stop @MerrickGarland_ from a hearing?
A insult to Americans.
lalalalalal
no kidding
the whole Trump administration is an insult to the Nation
Not as much as your disloyal comments to your President
Jeff sessions is an insult to all human decency and intelligence.
Their are 42 names on the Vietnam memorial wall just from Maui, all volunteers. Hawaii is a great state in the United States of America!
You all are sensitive. Geesh! SMH.
An insult to all intelligent Anericans that get the implications of his comment. Incongruous/Sessions gets to be anywhere near government
Shatz is an insult to America. How many refugees has Hawaii taken in? Send them all there.  Perfect solution.
Yes @SenBrianSchatz it was a well deserved insult aimed at a judge who knows nothing of national security & legislates from the bench!
It's sickening about how many people grab a hold of ridiculous issues, but let the core important issues slide
Send the puppies to Hawaii!!  How dare you call them an island in the pacific!!  Hahahaha!
you bet it was
Schatz is correct when he says that the Elf is the top lawyer of this country & he believes not in the system.
And how many refugees did Hawaii take in? Answer:0
Let me guess - Trump admin say outrageous thinks but Obama admin never said anything upsetting
Grow up
