Stop acting like you're the majority. You people are insignificant, irrelevant and powerless. LOL
YOU DEMOCRATS ARE NOTHING BUT A CORRUPT BUNCH OF HYPOCRITES! DEMOCRATS HAVE USED THIS OPTION BEFORE!
I like you make this statement when your party change the rules to fit their needs.So turn about is not fair play unless it's your party???
Dems did the same thing in 2003!  STOP your tit-4-tat with the GOP! SCOTUS needs 2 B 9. Blind partisanship weakens ALL of USA!
Aloha Senator @SenBrianSchatz  Please vote FOR the Nuclear Weapons BAN, United Nations vote on July 7
Wrong Brian, the nuc option was used & Reid was warned. Why act as if U or your party have any morality. Please no one wishes to listen 2 U.
You wouldn't vote for anyone that Trump put forward.  You are placing your political party over your country & constituents #ConfirmGorsuch
@meltimo24 you must have tweeted that same statement the past 4 years....
@SenateDems @SenateGOP please remind ppl nuc option was used after 79 blocks from R's. 1x should not equate a nuc option.
79???  Read up on Reid. It was more like 5. A vote on cloture does not make a filibuster. 79
Repubs blocked ALL, nothing got done. Didn't mean 79, mistake. Something R will never admit
Blocked all of what?  Reid would routinely file a cloture motion himself which he could then reference later as an "attempt to filibuster "
seriously? Dems not happy they used it, they felt had no choice. R's now didn't need to
Binky Brian Boo Boo..They Were stolen In Committee..Play Filibuster..Get Nuclear option..54-45..Clarence Thomas had 51..
And of course the Dems had no backbone and didn't use the nuclear option when they had it in their arsenal.
Thank you!  This nominee is scary for many many reasons. The biggest is that then the GOP will really start changing the rules.
Why so we can have another activist judge on the court. Why not go nuclear on everthing and set the libs back 100 years
@SenateMajLdr Any 45 nominee is suspect until after the #investigation. Should confirm #merrickgarland. Wait turn
Thank you senator! At this point the gop's priority is to defeat their democratic peers rather than make mature, professional decisions
Typical Dem hypocrite http://wapo.st/2o6pbTk  Your party forced the end of the 60 vote requirement.  Spare us the "dark day" lament.
Mahalo Senator Schatz for holding this nominee to task.
Could have said that in 2013!
A page is borrowed from the Biden playbook and suddenly there's a problem. Try being more pragmatic.
Mahalo!
Thank you, Senator Schatz!!
Thank you!!!
What is with these people? Like friggin kids that lose a game so they change the rules. People, we pay these fucks. They work for all of us
They are Satans Army evil incarnation
None of this is coincidence. If a person gets struck by lightning once, Ok. More than once I'm not standing near that person during a storm.
keep strong Senator! We need a voice! #NoGorsuch
Thank you Senator Schatz!!! Watching in Michigan
- #ThanksHarryReid
Go get 'em!!
You'd think @SenateGOP were worried they'd have to refund dark money contributions if they fail to get their #CorporateRinger in @SCOTUS
Thank you Senator. You make Hawaii proud!
Do you mental midgets just have staff that tweet the same talking points over and over?  Word for word? LOL. Dems extinct by 2020.
If @SenateGOP can't get to 60, they should change the nominee, not the rules. Gorsuch will work for corporations, plagiarizes in his books.
Thank you!
Speak out!
You are tryin to cover your butt back home
You said that in 2013 about lower court appointments, right? asking for a friend
Nope not going to happenDemocrats had their minds made up not to vote, so get over another loss
Right, thank you
Hahaha but wasn't it the dems who established the nuclear option? Pot meet kettle. You have lied for your party to much
@SenateDems @SenateGOP R's said if H was Pres, there'd be no court votes but just fine from a Pres under FBI investigation?
Thank you for speaking up, Senator!
No Way. If you give in to Dems childish tantrums they will just have another.
Better idea. We'll keep changing out the Democrats with Republicans.
Not gonna happen, sunshine
"Who is Samuel Alito, Alex?"
Nothing is easy, especially doing the right thing, if u can't take the heat get out of the kitchen
Nope. Harry rule ahould stand as i folks dont care about mainstream America.
Poor Democrats are so lost. Step up and vote yes for a good man. We put up with 8 yrs of illegal and no action taken on anything
#TRUMPRUSSIA #TRUMPPUTIN.  Guess you like corporations winning and your policies set by Putin.
Dems determined to lose the 60 vote rule by GOP change & lose SCOTUS for next 40 years. Good work & you will be gone.
Why are you blaming a Dem who is doing what his constituents want? Blame the puggies. Remember MERRICK GARLAND??
Finally a good idea
change nominee.
and I am sure you support the #ElectoralCollege
He pays attention to his voters..I am one of them!
He has constituents to answer to. He's doing the right thing.
Tell us who you'll accept then. Or maybe you could be honest and admit this is about Garland.
Exactly
wrong.
Sorry, the Illegal Immigrant, Sharia Law, and Sanctuary City Party is no longer relevant.
