But this bill is NOT about Health Care Costs.  It is about Insurance Coverage.  Two different things.  Cost is the next issue AFTER this.
It's called the "American Health Care Act" and purports to replace the "Affordable Care Act."
How about doing your job and CREATING legislation? Believe it or not people are catching on to Congress BS...
We have legislation that people support.  The Speaker won't allow it to come to a vote.  Hope you catch on to that too.
Thank you for voting no and putting Country before Party.  Voters will remember in 18 months.
All the democrats and the 20 republicans who voted no should be remembered in 2018.
They should all be remembered as being counter-productive/unwise
So you're a fan of the bill? Let's see how it works out.
"Trump"??? His name is PRESIDENT Trump! Show some respect!
It's hard to respect someone who is quite frankly losing his mind
And, who is taking away health coverage for millions of citizens.
Wow okay take off your glasses now so you can see
Well spoken, sir.  

Bottom line, I sure hope I don't have to pay a penalty for NOT buying something I don't want.
Not true.
Carefirst greedily just doubled rates AGAIN!  Rand, please help!
YOU all need to  lower the medical expenses on the older people or you will lose all houses. They are the ones who paid into the system
Russia isn't a Dem or Rep issue it's an American issue this has eroded the trust in justice dep. Sad day 4 US TRUMP/DICTATOR! #ComeyFiring
Bad move on your part. Also this: We need a special prosecutor to investigate Trump-Russia ties.
@arkreader this version isn't cruel enough for you and Amash?
Forgive me if my retweets have given the wrong impression Wallie. I am in total opposition to Repeal crap. I am 100% for Universal Care!
I agree healthcare should be a right and responsibility it seems so logical to want a healthy citizenry.
You buyin?
You are buying for the ER visits for the uninsured .
So lets talk this through. I go to ER w/ no ins and no money, what happens? I get service for free and then never pay?
You get emergency service, and if they bill you later, and you have no money... then you don't pay. Because you have no money. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Then they should take legal action against this person, to the fullest extent of the law until they're paid. Plus deny service next visit
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
I hope you're on the right side of history Massie. The Trump ship is sinking fast...
You're like a kidney stone. You make my dick hurt
Hopefully the senate doesn't feel the same.  Thanks for standing tough!
Take health care responsibility off of business. Bad for business and bad for employees who lose care when lose/change job. 
Single payer.
And when you pass it....it is so painful!
58 years old good health, pays bill and my  premium 5x higher how is that affordable.
the ACA needed to go, you can't have everything you want @repthomasmassie
Kentucky insured huge amts of people through ACA(Obamacare Medicaid Expansion) w/o ever letting them know they were on Obamacare. Sneaky.
I wonder if any of them know that they're in jeopardy of losing their healthcare bc of Trump/ McConnell & Rand Paul. Buyers remorse bigly!

UR not telling people the truth! Obama care is a disaster we all know it! Obama care cut into Medicare to fund it your not fooling anybody!
Plus where was the National waiver for everyone? I c just those kept secret plus union workers right? https://www.yahoo.com/news/obamacare-transparency-fail-still-waiting-waivers-got-denied-041805241.html …
Did you forget the home healthcare cuts the cuts that help fund Obama care? http://m.washingtonexaminer.com/obamacare-forcing-14-percent-cut-in-medicares-home-health-care-program/article/2540594 …
Oh but we had a transparency government right? You do work for for the people right?
Well Obama robbed Medicare did you hear about that?
Ashamed of the Republican Party. Article V convention of states here we come!!!!
We can let group plans take care of pre-existing conditions like Medishare and AtlasMD are doing.  Much better plans than big insurance.
Why not just repeal ACA and let the free market deal with health care - similar to what is being done with auto insurance? See next post ...
Let's push this professional "KICK THE CAN DOWN THE ROAD" boat anchor out of office. #VOTEDNOHEALTHCARE
Senator why are you continuing to exclude women from these conversations?
Conservatives should follow and support the ideas of Cruz, Paul, and Lee regarding Repeal of ObamaNoCare.  POTUS must work w/ them.
Insurance may be cause of all problems. Dr need it, which drives up costs, then ppl need it to afford doctors. Its madness
@RepThomasMassie I am shock, I am pro Trump but I am very concerned about this health care, sounds like I will be paying more it's scary.
I'm sure everyone cares...trickle down has its effectiveness....make it great!
Always vote for principle, though you may vote alone-John Quincy Adams. Keep the faith. #sassywithmassie
It's going to be a very costly kidney stone for them they might as well kiss their majorities goodbye.
True! So true!
And in Obamacare the congress all voted for it and said they NEVER read the bill. Pelosi:  we will read it AFTER we pass it.  Get real
The American people voted in Nov to repeal and replace AFCA. This is a step in the right direction. Support the American voter and pass it.
@RepMikeTurner @RepDaveJoyce @RepAndyBiggsAZ @RepMikeCoffman @RosLehtinen @RepWalterJones @RepLoBiondo @RepChrisSmith Thank you.
AHCA victory. No! Medicaid Work Requirment = more Gov't; less freedom; more disability claims nationwide. # More fiscal drag. Bad policy!
Thank you, Congressman Cassie,for listening to your constituents, and sticking to principles & not voting for that garbage legislation #AHCA

Ayn Rand,do you understand what Rep. Massie's view on the GOP House Uncare Act?Why do you think he compared Trump Uncare to kidney stones?

But if you have a history of kidney stones or currently suffering from one, AHCA won't cover that kidney stone of the GOP House Bill.
Solution: @RandPaul takes lithotripsy to use in the Senate? #ESWL #HealthcareSolutions #AHCA
I just wish that O'care just disappeared, without being "replaced"
I stand with you on the budget, but disregarding the AHCA and the future plans for it because it isn't perfect is futile.
So as a Kentuckian what is the ACA then? With Humana exiting many of your districts the coverage is nearly nonexistent. (1/2)
I grew up in NKY....thank you...I'm proud of you and your vote
We will hold #Republicans accountable if #Ryancare becomes law.
Remember when Dems let GOP members write ACA and GOP demanded revenue neutrality and cried about not reading the bill.  Good times.
Well they were awful quick to give up on CBO scoring and revenue neutrality (and this fiscal conservatism).
:) Hee Hee ...
You are a traitor.
Step 1: cut a hole in the box.  Well; they got Step 1 done.
Like Obamascare
So what you're saying is you lost the election? Shouldn't have lied!
The legislation is poorly written and is NOT a good bill!
I'd like people to explain to me about how a tax break for 1 % of the people will help the overall healthcare in our country. I'm lost to it
The ta break for the wealthy wont. None of this ACHA, etc., will help anyone with less than $250k combined income.
We need to get government out of our healthcare and giving a break to wealthy or corporations is not a free market. I agree!
Can somebody explain why the tax cut for the 1% is wrote into the trumpcare? What does this tax break help?
And when you pass it, you'll find out what's in it.....
I noticed the Senate wants no part of the House bill. Ryan didn't learn a thing when he didn't have the votes last time.
Congress shouldn't be pushing bills through until we know we have a legitimate President! We know we don't. Everything will be reversed!
For a politician this guy is pretty funny!
From a hemorrhoid
Please resign NOW, we would prefer to vote REPUBLICAN in filling your seat. #VOTEDNOHEALTHCARE
#StandWithRand
@RandPaul  then stop whining and come up w a better plan that can pass
Insuring a person with a pre-existing condition is not insurance.. Obamacare sucks . The Dems love it.. they're fucked up
C'mon guys, this is not helpful. Get on board and get this across the finish line. A lot of people are counting on you.
So you're a clever guy. YOU think clever cuts it with those of us harmed under OCARE & living without ins by high costs, P/T jobs? Grow up.
@RandPaul will at the end of the day submit to McConnell & Trump, grovelling for their approval re AHCA. Focus on NoKor, Russia, pollution..
You're assuming they have stones to begin with. 
How many people were there that didn't choose ACA and had to paid a penalty? I'll bet they are happy.
Repeal don't replace!!!
People are thanking you.   They are thanking the special interest behind you
Fix it then. The house finally sent you a working bill do something with it.
I pay 18k a year. Stop the madness.
Haha! I love it!!
@RepThomasMassie This will not be painless, Dems & Obama made sure of THAT
Need to bring real money back into healthcare to bring down costs - I see lots of opportunity for that with this bill and the Trump Tax Plan
Why wouldn't this be a good start? ACA=mandate. remove penalty and there is no more mandate. Hence no more ACA!  ACA is DEAD with this!
Your support for ACA, a totally broken Dem created system, is beyond the pale. @newtgingrich @GOPLeader Hope you get removed from committees
Thank you!!!!! #FullRepeal NO subsidies! #FreeMarket NO entitlements!  Thank you for standing.
I'm pretty sure the wording in it will hurt the middle class the most of all.
I want to thank you for your vote. I agree with you even though I'm in Texas. I read a lot of the  trumpcare yesterday and I'm against it.
Its the first step in repealing ObamaCare, which is absolutely Necessary.
Get the government out of our healthcare.
Thank you for voting "no" to this bill
I for one commend you sir. Wish more politicians were as principled. But as you already know it's about who's team are you on.
THANK you REP representative. Thank you, thank you for being 1 of 20 who are in their positions for the RIGHT reasons. We WON'T FORGET!
Thank you, @RepThomasMassie, for continuing to do what is right. Others in the HFC let me down on this one. Thank you for not caving.
Kudos to Rep Thomas Massie (R-KY) 4 voting NO on the abomination of #Trumpcare 2.0. He's 1 of just 20 Republicans who didn't sell his soul.
Sounds like Kent has a person willing to vote his own person wants and not that of the American ppl. A man with power that is misplaced
Thank you for sticking to your principles when many of your "allies" flinched. Particularly disappointed in @justinamash.
Thanks for voting against the #AHCA
Thanks for being one of the only 20 sensible Republicans to vote NO! #Ky
Because we Americans don't know what's in the AHCA, can you explain why  you didn't vote for it. I'm curious what you didn't like.
Your having a great week Massie no on AHCA and no on North Korea sanctions maybe you need to switch parties or countries
Great job hanging in there with the No vote...you need to have a talkin' to with @justinamash and set him straight
I feel like my district has no representation because it's known that you'll vote no on everything no matter what.
Thank you for the NO today! 
Obamacare Massie
What do you have to offer? I don't see your plan. All you do is complain and offer nothing.
Thanks for voting to keep failing Ocare. Suggest a move to Democrat party.
Are you an undercover North Korean agent??!!   Get your head checked. I used to be a diehard Dem. you crazies lost me. Thank God
#isawthelight
Your district will understand that you are there as an alternate vote to destroy them when the opportunity requires it. Otherwise,dishonesty
You're every bit as responsible as anyone else with an R in front of their name, even if your party did think they were protecting you.
Thank you for voting No.
I think reading your tweet is the first time I have smiled today!  Thank you for your vote.  #singlepayer #UniversalHealthCare
THANK YOU!!!!!
Thank you for not trying to kill us, unlike your @GOP colleagues!
Thank you for your NO vote @RepThomasMassie rep
You are faithful to the commonwealth
Death Panels!! Thanks a lot. Can you say unemployed at mid terms?
@realDonaldTrump and the patriots tried to save us from Obamacare today. No thanks to pudgy traitors from KY, I notice.
I don't agree with most of your positions, but I'm glad for your vote against this terrible bill.
Thanx for voting NO!!!
That's very funny! I am certain it's not original, either. O'Care was an actuarial disaster purposely foisted on Americans with lies.
Buwahahaha yeah... ACA CANCER ON AMERICA
Thank you for your no vote today. Will Ky senators for against it?
Thank you for voting against this bad bill. We will remember you and our other Reps that voted for the #AHCA #TrumpCare is #DeathCare
Thank you for voting no.
Thanks for doing what was right
Thank you for staying principled and voting no on the #AHCA you sir are amazing! God Bless you
Thank you for voting No on the AHCA today!  I suspect you will look back and be glad you did!
Thank you sir for at least trying to swim against the stream of insanity ...
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/RepThomasMassie/status/859779085609963524 … (Ranked 17th for May 3.)
Strange comment after years of the failure called Obamacare!
What is being rushed thru with little thought is unconscionable - vote NONONO
Thank you for your no vote.
Please don't pass a bill that eliminates coverage of pre-existing conditions. Obamacare wasn't perfect, but that was a good thing.
well then I hope it kills them off completely in the passing.
They'll be killing those of us with chronic diseases. I'm in the coverage gap and pay $2000+ for  a 90 day supply of diabetes Meds.
The GOP never wanted a repeal. If they did, they would have, held a voted when they had both houses w/BHO. #control #sickofwinning
And they also know the Senate won't pass it and may just let it die.
Changes need to be made but those changes need to save our budget not shoot broadsides against it.
Representative Massie, this is an all-time great tweet by any politician. Well done!
I support you whether you vote for it or not. You guys are left with a turd sandwich either way because of our "leadership".
keep up the pressure! This is  bill, wrong time. Repeal isn't worth the GOP selling out their constituents.
Or how much it hurts
Perhaps "shaming" Trump 4 not passing it wasn't such a good idea... oh well, there's always Putin to blame... Tapper will back you up!
Thank you
Kidney stone, funny. No on #Trumpcare does not improve lives of American people!
more like faeces
Is there any creativity left in the gop. I mean you couldn't find another name? Naw, let's just change the first word from 'A' to 'A' smh
Spot on because they exempted themselves An staff. The ruling class. A5 restore the republic
Hmm, you have "Rep" in your title. Who do you rep? POTUS? Ppl - Americans? Do you care if they die from lack of coverage?
@SnarkAmendment More like - as long as it’s someone else’s kidney stone.
It'll soon resemble a silent fart, good or bad, no one will accept responsibility, it'll just sort of sit there.
Kudos for choosing nation over party.
People who suffer from kidney stone will have vital treatments excluded if they can get any insurance at all. #shameful #voteNoTrumpCare
Talked to rep in your office who said you will vote no to AHCA. Will be watching. Glad to see you are doing right thing for KY.
@RepThomasMassie 1 star for standing on principles. Too bad principles failed you with 429-0 vote on HR2192, exempting yourself from AHCA.
Funny tweet -- just don't forget a vote for Trumpcare is a vote to KILL.  Do you want that on your conscience?
This is NOT a joke! While u make jokes 24,000,000 of us r gonna lose r health insurance, some of us will die. This is not funny. HELP US!!
That kidney stone will now cost you another 10k a year for having it and a surcharge for not covering it in the first place.
They have failed(F) their task toconstruct and pass an affordable Healthcare bill for every AMERICAN to cover ALL their medical concerns. 
I was thinking more of a turd, because it is disgusting and it stinks.

And kidney stones are a pre-existing condition!
@chrislhayes & when they need new kidney they'll get it since they exempted themselves from reach of their own bill. Sick
That's good material.
How awesome is the hashtag #sassywithmassie?
However it hurts when an individual his to pass stone. In this case it will hurt others so congress don't care..
My brother has Type 1 diabetes and Down Syndrome, so he's getting hosed on cuts to pre-existing conditions AND special education. ur a joke
Sort of the same as ths ACA was!  #outoftouchmassie
