Maybe let him know how many Montanans are unhappy so far with his actions and lies.
we already know that, about a third, while 2/3rds of us are quite pleased. Elections have consequences.
U are throwing out a fractional number without facts to back it up. Get true facts frm legit source
how bout election results
Weren't not talking about any election. Were talking about opinions on actions. You have no numbers
he's voted against every cabinet nominee. Period.
Fewer H1B visas, they are a scam by tech companies who refuse to hire the Americans who built the Internet.
, 45 called your colleague Senator Blumenthal a lier. Did you defend Senator Blumenthal?
Healthcare. Freedom means choices and autonomy. Don't deny women our freedom in the land of the free.
his impeachment?
protect our national parks and wilderness areas
Has he found the light switches yet?
How about requiring that every government purchased product must be at least 90% made in usa? # us jobs
Please return the White House to the dignity and decorum it deserves.
Let's return our nation to one of dignity and polite respect for differences of opinion. 
How he likes his shoes shined
sir we need to know if he is gonna get rid of our non service connected benefits. Because a lot of us need them
discuss how both sides of the aisle can work in harmony despite differences.
There so much that can be talked about.  But anything that will help Montana Jobs and  Growth would be good.
Keep Public Lands public, NO to Pruitt, ohhh- so much, thank you Jon for really representing Montanans!
Let me know what you think I should discuss with President Trump.   How about his resignation ?
climate change
g
impeachment (yes), ACA (keep), and anger management (please)
your resignation..
Ask him where to get a real haircut
Ask him if you can work for Trump International after the good people of Montana vote you out in 2 years.
Cooperation!This left wing drama must stop. Warren, Pelosi, Schumer are disgraces who self enrich & ignore ethics
ask him to explain how he is not violating the emoluments clause.
How about you ask him how much more subsidies your farm is entitled to  .
@GFTrib_Aldinger
Ask him how long he thinks the sore loser liberals of this country will continue to undermine our country.
How you are NOT for sale to advance the White House's dangerous agenda.
#Libtards are out in force with this tweet. Ask him who should take your place in 2018 Sen. #MAGA 
not selling off our public lands, not dismantling the EPA, leaving our SS & Medicare & the park service alone,climate change.
the role of the Judiciary in our system of checks and balances. We seem to be close to a constitutional crisis.
DAPL, tribes and hiring his tribal team, protecting public spaces from mining, food security in rural America.
Please encourage him to separate himself from his businesses, stop bullying, think before he tweets. Thanks.
Nothing. The man is insane.
Tell the president that Dr. Kessler said to stop calling judges and other people names.  Its' not presidential.
climate change and it's effects on our world and Montana's economy
impeachment
Retract approval of pipelines, Support EPA, Leave public lands alone, support environmental protections,
want to know true intentions 'cause this is not looking good
Repealing the ACA hurts Montana's small businesses. And Steve Bannon has to go.
Sessions & Race riots, drilling in Glacier loosing our public lands. Martial law & police state! We R scared
tell him we need the EPA
when does he plan to actually meet with VSOs?
Does he need to? Often these groups seem to be a part of the VA problems
when does he plan to go to the legislative branch to govern instead of executive actions?
your resignation would be good.
let him know at least one Montana Senator believes in free speech!
are you actually going to get to speak to Trump?
civil right threatened, business conflict, impeachment
the Muslim ban, Bannon in NSC, Russian influence , dividing America, leadership out of fear, all not ok
Healthcare! Nurse protection!
Civil, voting, and reproductive rights, immigration ban, ACA, public lands, tribal sovereignty. #NoDAPL
women must have right to control what happens inside our own bodies, keep govt out of our choice
Yep priority 1. Make sure i can kill my own baby
pls remind him how 3 branches of govt work.  Perhaps a 5th grade civics textbook would help.
Not a book, well OK if there are lots of pictures
Thank you for all you do for Montanans!
The Navy CSP rollout for doctors has been a nightmare. No full salary since Sept. Fix it, please!
thank you for listening to and speaking for Montanans. Respect for our Constitutional rights, including the 1st ammendment.
ask him to replace Gorsuch nomination w/ Garland!
Please make a commitment to protect our public lands from the state, miners, and oil and gas.
Protecting national parks.
@POTUS has spewed so many lies and has refused all other valid requests that I doubt any you say will matter to him
what are his ties to Russia
Violating the treaty of Ft Laramie is a msg that US deals are not to be trusted.
His lack of tact is a growing threat to natl security. Put the phone away and be president.
pls bring up hiring freeze and negative impacts to transitioning vets and VA ability to treat our disabled vets.
How about Daines' Bill to defund Planned Parenthood.
oh man, senator, the list is so long where do we start? I vote immigration ban, ACA
please discuss his use of public office for private gain (e.g. nordstroms tweet, DC hotel, etc. etc.)
the lies concern me most. Most ever time he speaks it's a lie. To much alternative facts. Good luck Jon and thx
his resignation would be a good start.
.@SenatorTester @WhiteHouse Ask him what President Bannon's plans are.
His lies to Vets, his insults to Vets,being #putinspuppet.It'd be great if you grabbed him by the genitals also.
breaksheart to realize, don't have anything that I believe he will be honest with you about. Just follow your gut
The grave seriousness of protecting civil rights & the environment; the imperative of universal health care; ...
@KatherineBScott @WhiteHouse 
We want to see his taxes.
The list is long, but he's crazy so I won't hold my breathe. Encourage him to divest. Keep sanctions on Russia. Bannon out!
.
Recommend Pres. Trump direct Secty. DeVos examine Montana education success. GHS, FHS, WHS, FairmontEgan, SCS.
His resignation, taxes, involvement with Russia, Bannon and Golden Showers. That's a start.
the importance of our constitutional democracy; and let him know you will fight any efforts to undermine!
what impact his wall with have on animal population and environment
when will he seek psychiatric help?
