We're glad you tried. Keep it up.

thank you, too bad Daines couldn't get past the donation from her family to see your logic.
See Jon Canadians are thanking you. Your gone in 2018
I am not a Canadian, I am a born and raised Montanan who has happily voted for Jon twice and will a third time
your an illegal alien from Canada and you know it.
that's weird, my birth certificate says Glendive MT, and my passport says USA.
Sure it does. Prove it. Snowflake
I don't have my birth certificate on me, but there is my passport for ya.
thank you
it seems to be doing no good.  What do we have to do???
Thank you for standing up for the children of this great nation. Even tho DeVos was cleared for her appt, you stood with us.
Keep up the fight for America. Talk to your fellow GOP Sen regarding Sessions. Thank you
yay you!! Stop Sessions!!!!!
Thank you for doing what was right for Montana's kids.
Thank you Senator Jon Tester for doing what you could--Now we all hold Ms. DeVos accountable--including following the money!
thank you for voting against #Devos & #Sessions You are a great American
you've just become one of my favorite Senators and I am in Florida Thank you :)
thank you
thank you for your efforts! She is on watch from the entire country!
thank you!! #NoonDeVos
Thank you!
You turned out to be an alt-Left national disgrace.
Thanks for maintaining integrity and honesty.
One size does not fit all.  Neither public, nor charter. Your support was from 80% of desparate MT school teachers. #DeVos
Thank you Senator Tester!
https://twitter.com/kimstrassel/status/828964872767553541 … #mtsen
This vote isn't about DeVos per se. Could be any prochoice ed nom. Its about 48 Democrats voting for unions over poor kids. #ConfirmDeVos
thank you, to bad the other Montana senator doesn't feel the same way about public education.
Jon i am going to pour money onto you're competitors come 2018.
I so appreciate you. You are a class act.
Thank you
Thank you!
Thank you for standing up for Montana families! Very disappointed that @DainesforMT couldn't see past the sellout nomination.
thank you for opposing DeVos! Wish we could have stopped it but appreciate all you do!
THANK YOU for standing for what is right for our youth and the future of our country.
Thank you Jon!
, thank you
thank you sir for listening and keeping Montana kids a priority. Stay strong Jon we need you!!
Thank you Senator for voting against her. 
Thank you!  Montanans support you!
I'm glad you are there to represent MT values.  @SteveDaines should be ashamed that he put party ideology above MT public ed!
there is no logic in continuing a failed ed. system, shame on you and the pathetic so called educators in this state,
thank you for your vote. You will be remembered as one of the 50 who care about our kids.
@BetsyDeVos @GovernorBullock
.
Perhaps Betsy has a few redeeming qualities and policies....?
.
https://fee.org/articles/devos-confirmed-everything-they-said-about-her-is-false/?utm_medium=push&utm_source=push_notification …
.
@BetsyDeVos @GovernorBullock
.
Now Senator Tester, visit & show DeVos how well Montana education works! GHS,FHS,FairmontEgan
Thank you for trying to save education. It's a dark day indeed for families with school aged kids.
Thank you for your no vote. #BFD #DeVos #mtpol I will send $27.00 to your re-election #2018
thank you.  Interesting that is only a few eggs and a couple of old white men who disagree.  Sad day for kids.
thank you, sir. I will not forget, nor will other Montanans, how you voiced yourself for our children.
Thank you for standing up for what's right. Daines has no backbone& hides from constituents.  You are a hero for public ed!
not enough. You're still not doing enough.
once again you're on the wrong side of what the majority of Montanans want, thank God for vice-president Pence.
Well done! Thank you!
good job. Luckily dems lost Senate so it's nothing but a pat yourself on the back moment.
thank you.  Now we must be hyper vigilant since the other Senators voting for her have no heart or brain.
Montana is proud of you and of half its senators!
thank YOU for standing up for Montana's children UNLIKE @SteveDaines  #senatorDainesdoesntcareaboutMTchildren #paytoplay
thank you!
Thank you Senator.
thank you, you standing up for what's right won't go unnoticed.
Thank you. Your counterpart @SteveDaines needs to take a lesson from you on Montana values.
Thank you!!
Ms DeVos is for good teachers. Schools do not teach.  If public, private, home, or choice has good teachers take kids there!
too bad your counterpart from Bozeman couldn't do the same. Potential Grizzly Bears would make a good band name though.
"And now the band you've been waiting for, THE POTENTIAL GRIZZLY BEARS!!" (Crowd goes wild, throwing salmon onto stage) 
thank you! We appreciate the effort you put into it!!!!
thanks. Now can you work on your co-senator behind the scenes.
thank you for fighting for us.
Thank you so much for trying! This is an unbelievably sad day for kids...
Not really! You are an obstructionist to cabinet nominees.  You should resign today for putting our nation at risk!
Thank you Senator Tester for standing up for and speaking out on behalf of MT students and educators. #NoonDeVos
keep up the fight!! #resist
good job!  Montanans are with you
thank you for voting NO. People are paying attention
THANK YOU!!!!
Thank you!
THANK YOU!
a Thank you.
You are appreciated by people all over the US. Thanks.
thank you
thank you for your integrity. It does not go unnoticed here.
Too bad you couldn't convince Mr. Daines to vote against her.  Hopefully he will be gone after the next election!
Thank you
Thank you for having a backbone. There are some very sad teachers in Missoula today.
