As dad of a boy with disabilities and a supporter of public schools, I thank you for standing up for America's schoolkids.
@StCyrlyMe2 Convince the others!
@growingveggies Thank you, for standing on principle.  She's woefully unqualified by a million miles.
Finally, a brave Republican willing to stand up to this lunacy.
Tester is a Democrat.
Whoops. I assumed Montana. But still good on him. She is an atrocity.
Montana is a politically interesting state. Our governor is also a Democrat. :-)
Thank you, @SenatorTester
@bruceschoenfeld But Senator, I assume you have grizzlies in Montana too. Who will protect the children?
Thank you Senator.
@PersuasivePR Thank you. Signed, A Teacher
@MTDems Thank you Senator Tester! Now please reject the horrible Sessions, Price, Carson, Puzder, and Tillerson. Bad choices!
Thank you Jon for putting education first!
@Snthms155 way to represent MT education!
- thank you for voting against confirmation of Ms. DeVos
@rogueUSedgov Thank you!!!!
Thank you!!!
This Montana teacher thanks you for that decision.
hey, hear your nazis never showed up. Cold sensitive? Sounds like awesome town!
I had a middle school principal in my office today..She watched the hearing and DeVos knows nothing of the dept of Ed
Good.
Thank you SO much, Senator Testor, for standing up for our children! DeVos is terribly unqualified.
Thank you!!
@MTDems this woman is awful!  Like a Stepford Wife on a mission to destroy America's schools.
Thank you Senator from Oregon.
Thank you Senator!
Stand for our children. Thank you Jon Tester.
Thank you Senator! Now we need our republican senator to see the light about her as well!
Thank you!
Thank you
Please band together and block this confirmation.
Thank you!
Thank you for supporting public ed! DeVosnot right for SOE
THANK YOU
Thank you
THANK YOU!
Thank you, Senator.
I don't think that anyone with a working brain could vote to confirm Betsy DeVos.
Thank you!
Thank you for listening and for doing what's right for Montana.
@growingveggies Thank you,Senator!
Thank you. As a recently retired Montana teacher, I believe she would ruin public education.
thank you, Senator!
thank you!!!!
Thanks @SenatorTester !
Thank you!!
thank you
THANK YOU 
Thank you!
Thank you Senator! DeVos is woefully incompetent. #DeVosHearing #RiggedCabinet
Thank you! Your constituents and the nation thank you.
@mattyglesias Thank you, sir. 
THANK YOU!
Good for you.
proud to have voted for you today.
Thank you, @SenatorTester
Thank you
Bravo, Sen. Tester, for your principled (and correct) decision.  This Illinoisian is 100% supportive!
Thank you.
Thank you sir!!
Thank you for your service to Montana! I appreciate your thoughtful consideration of the merits of these nominees.
Thank you from California.
God bless you.
@BCHysteria gee go figure you're a liberal at heart!  You're aware your party lost 1,000 seats nation wide!
Thank you for putting the education and welfare of American Children First :)
@mattyglesias Bravo Senator!
thank you
Good!
Thank you, Senator Tester. After >30 yrs experience in public education, I verify that she is not eligible to be Sec of Ed.
@mattyglesias means nothing. She'll still be confirmed.
Thank you!
@timothypmurphy Thank you!
@mattyglesias thank you
Thank you!!!  Our children are too important to have ignorance of public education at the helm.
Thank you, sir, from a public school teacher. Please vote against Tillerson, Pruitt, Price, Sessions, and Puzder.
good choice Senator thank you for your service!
Thank you, Senator. Much appreciated.
@mattyglesias  Thank you!!! 
Thanks!
Thank you @SenatorTester, DeVos has no business leading the dept of education
@mattyglesias  Good for you, Senator.
@mattyglesias Right decision
@robert_veres  #CluelessDevos
thank you!
@GlennF thank you , Senator!
thank you Senator!
thank you.

Right on, way to go Senator!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you for standing up for MT children and teachers!
Thank you.
good, i was hoping you would oppose her.... she just isnt public education material
thank you!
