ANOTHER?
Remember when you blasted Obama for this? You've far exceeded him & with a Republican majority in House AND Senate. Horrible dealmaker…
Also, why do you care so much about prosecuting whistleblowers now? You loved them when they were leaking info about Hillary lol
Remember when you praised the leakers for their worked & called on a foreign government to commit espionage?
Is part of MAGA taking away the healthcare and free meals from veterans?
By this logic, I can blame my own employees' shit on Obama too.  It happened on his watch!  
Fire all Obama left overs who protected him. AND all of their employees who protected them. Clean house. Let the good folks of the #va win.
Protected him from what?
He should have fired his appointees for falsifying wait records. But he didn't would suggest way more than any Russian fake news of today.
Nevermind, found it. What exactly does this prove about Obama? How many levels do you think there would be between those supervisors and O?
O is a control freak. IRS target, DOJ  Fast & F, Benghazi video, Clinton private email lie, sealed documents, Iran cash all is #obama
Another Executive Order? Remember the good old days? Those R the days before January 20th! B4 U became most corrupt president in US history
A famous intellectual once said " better to let people "think" you're an idiot, than to open your mouth and "prove" them correct"
Are u talking about Trump
I think all VAMC should be commanded by a General and  others by at least a Lt. Col.These commanders should have direct access to the Sec.
draft dodger
Excellent! No more #chambersofhorrors ! #draintheswamp #expat #painmanagement #quackery @WA_Tweets #malpractice @SeawrightForNY #livesruined
@VetAffairsOIG @NowCompare
You are doing a great job and we are proud of you Mr. President.Everything we need to do to stop liberal insanity we will do.Thank God u won
This will help weed out those secretly corrupting our democracy.
The DOJ under HORRORWITZ has annihilted me for unjust enrichment. He's ordering al police jurisdictions to steal my SSA MONEY! FRAUDSTER.
Executive orders are not meaning full if you can't get them passed.
#FireShulkin! Purge VA of Obama leftovers.
Get the hell out of the @DeptVetAffairs It's for veterans not draft dodgers
You guys look like terrorists. Go home away from our country and cause you crap over there.
Will your distractions help them when GOP pushes thru TRUMPCARE today? CALL REPS NOW! 202-224-3121  #ahca #healthcare

Ivanka Trump’s clothing line is made in a Chinese factory where workers earn $1 an hour: http://slate.me/2oK8w7v  
fake news
You do realise how the fashion industry and manufacturing work, right??  Not fake news.  Truth behind all your goods...
The irony is too much.
Chris- Hey now, you're an all-star, get your game on, go play Hey now, you're a rock star, get the show on, get paid #smashmouth

@LeonPlanner3 https://twitter.com/sarrata/status/813226561373609984 …
How about protecting WH staff whistle blowers? Fantastic idea.
THERE WILL BE LOTS OF THAT WITH EXPOSER TO LINK THE CHILDTRAFFICKING IN THE OLD WHITE HOUSE.  GOWEY AND CONGRESS TAKE ACTION.THY WILL BE.
Translation make it easier to fire people many of them veterans.   Smooth move draft dodger in chief
Thank you 
Amen!
Unless it's about your accountability, and protecting whistleblowers who leak about you, no thanks—to the vets: thank you for your service
Dusty- Hey now, you're an all-star, get your game on, go playHey now, you're a rock star, get the show on, get paid #smashmouth
Back again, bot? Have fun. You should add more lyrics.
Dusty- My girl wants to party all the time Party all the time  party all the time.My girl wants to party all the time #EddieMurphy
So the deal maker can't make 1 deal to save his life.  According to the GOP "only feckless leaders use EO's"...#ParlamentaryProcedure
Vets should care because they need services that are exceptional! Some of the best research comes from VA's.
#DeportallLiberals
Trump Administration Is Sued Over Alleged Intimidation Of Federal Workers - NPR. http://apple.news/AQJAR7kLSQ3WjQ …
corrupt government take down of Fox News is coming soon.
Don't let the crazy Dems derail ur campaign promises to ur voters.They will lie & back stab,till u to fail.Don't give room for the Devil
Don't care! Sign for the wall! That you promised!
This is awesome! So now, #whistleblowers for #IvankaTrump and #trumptower  will be protected
@VicenteFoxQue @realDonaldTrump resident Trump lying ass will make up anything (lies) to get approval from his ignorant supporters,lying ass
#AlturkiParole

We pray to Allah to release Hmaidan Alturki from prison and return to his family

@Turki_Homaidan #AlTurkiParole
#POTUS dont make this deal with the Dems dont give them your hand its better u close congress let Usa see what Dems really are*let usa vote
Are you going to allow Whistleblower @Snowden back into the States without prosecution?
Bullshit, that is laughable with Pompeno tyrant and persecution of WHISTLE BLOWER JULIAN ASSANGE.
Really?  Because so far we have only seen you try and blame whistleblowers while simultaneously denying that any of the info was real.
Needs to be done!
Those whistles are being blown on your lies and deceits. Mr Conman. #ResugnNow
I hate those Lefties negatives to be on my cell phone! Deleted 
Thank you President Donald J. Trump 
Thank You President Trump!
I REALLY SUPPORT YOU AS A JAPANESE .
Good afternoon sir ,God bless you president
Yes, the way your pen glides across the EO page and the angle of your wrist as you perform the technical challenge of signing is so awesome!
@JessieJaneDuff @DeptVetAffairs Arizona should start a recall on McCain if he is changing parties
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP & VET AFFAIRS!
What are going to do when the whistle,'s blown about you? They're catching up with you. Have fun in jail.
JOBS 4 VETERANS NOT ILLEGALS AND "guest" WORKERS
Accountability: taxes! Russia! Blind Trust! Conflict of interests! Mar-a-Lago rent! Tower rent! Security costs! POTUS should b accountable!
Finally we have government by the people for the people, Thank you for giving us back our country, President @realDonaldTrump
I was too busy looking for your tax returns on wikileaks @POTUS. But it seems like your Russian handlers aren't willing to share just yet. 
how about U being held accountable for the numerous sexual assaults & rape U committed plus fraud Im sure youd get a special cell in prison
Please work harder, the impression is that you don't care about America--- just yourself.
Build the wall
You Mr. President you got to give this hairless kid who doesn't shave a hand as he is more in tune then most but he is to young to have any?
,lilllllhi
Whistle this: RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS! #toddlerinchief
President Trump? The name wants me to throw-up! Bad for America! Great for Putin!
I dont believe your intentions. I havenfought the v.a. for my own health to no avail. I have a criminal record due to v.a. failures. #0trust
You are doing a fantastic job #we are behind you 100% here in AZ
What! You're protecting the liars and thieves from whistleblowers? That is wrong. You remove the whitehouse leakers/whistleblowers. Bad boy!
SO does this also apply 2 the ppl in the WH? It should. Someone needs 2 B accountable 4 U & blow the whistle on U!
Can American's blow the whistle on you so you can be #fired
Enough Executive Orders!!! Enough!!!!!!
What the hell is that I never heard of
So a snitch ? In other words ? Sounds like another gang to me just political ? Feel me ?
You are doing a fantastic job. Destroy the main stream media. Put them out if business. In 6 mos. they will be totally irrelevant.
You keep most whistleblowers in you cabent.
We are waiting for the whistle to be blown on u!! #IMPEACH!!! #RESIST!!
will you actually be signing the paper this time?
THANK YOU!

Whistleblower PROTECTION!

Now ADD  REWARDS
TRANSLATION: I made another big boy boom-boom…
Watch LIVE from the @DeptVetAffairs as I sign an EO on improving accountability & whistleblower protection: http://45.wh.gov/BHuQrZ  
Get real!!!!
. @Snowden Bring home the American Hero #Snowden. Less talk, more action.
We need whistleblowers inWH.They'll tell us about your taxes.Notonly do you hide them but you make reforms to shelter your illicit billions!
Please just give us TEETH---Va does not work on teeth!!!!
You criticized Obama for EOs but as usual it's one rule for you & another for all else. Anyway our favorite judges will cancel ALL your EOS!
We need whistleblowers in WH. Everybody there is connected to the Russians including yourself &son-in-law.Should be America first, remember?
I'm going to watch walking Dead instead
You must be really skilled at signing your name and having ur pic taken.  #ThoughtItWouldBeEasier
Then you'll  sign another executive order to get rid of this one when blows the whistle on you.
Thank you!
EO do not make a leader
22 surgeries, 3 prosthetics and then amputation...VA says not their fault, for arthroscopic knee surgery.
Do you ever get tired of being humiliated by your foolish actions?
Bull! Lying butt plug!
signing EO'S is hard!  Harder than you ever thought!
U don't even read what U are signing, Clown. Those bands of fools U have around provide snippets bc you can't absorb details. Five Deferrals
New report shows slowest rate of growth in 3 years. Sad! Hmm, brag or blame? Obviously 44's fault. #Impotus #FakeNewsPotus #ApprenticePres
Cool you are releasing your tax returns.
After 8 years of neglect by Obuma 

President Trump providing our Veterns the care and accountability they deserve for their service!

#MAGA
Gee u should start taking accountability for your crap! What a joke u n ur circus r
Oooh, BIG legislative achievement! NOT!
U might as well disband the House & Senate. U r changing us to a Dictatorship right? Maybe more of Monarchy with ur #nepotism #Only100Days 
Does whistleblowing protection extend to those who keep leaking your admin's Russian ties & nepotism violations? Asking for a vet friend.
Thank you and Julian Advance for saving us from the DNC predators! Love my President!!
Things were missed in his care
BUILD THE WALL!!
Wonderful! Someone needs to be accountable.  My dad was in vet home
BWHAHAHAHAHAHHA
Aren't EOs for presidents who can't get any legislation passed? I don't know, I heard that somewhere recently.
