Thank you for standing up for what is right, unlike @Sen_JoeManchin, @SenatorHeitkamp, and @SenDonnelly. #StopGorsuch
And exactly how is #gorsuch not right?
Maybe you didn't watch the hearings otherwise you'd be able to figure it out
I did watch.
She was impressed how Gorsuch was the only judge who thought that trucker should have followed the boss's orders and freeze to death.
And how do we know he would have frozen to death? Like these travel ban judges are interpreting the LAW? Nope. Making up laws as they go.
@OmaToSix advocates violence, seems like you don't know much about the law https://twitter.com/OmaToSix/status/847285803180998657 …
That would be me on the right.
So you're not a big fan of free speech and the Rule of Law? I thought as much. You're a disgrace to this country.
What are you hiding, Senator? It's already proven that everyone else who's opposed Gorsuch has something to hide.
Probably hiding that he's NOT a traitor... unlike all of you.
I think they have the narrative on 3 x 5 cue cards!!!
Ah, yes! 19th century teleprompters. Seems appropriate for them. 
LOL! They're Communists, they haven't received their teleprompter order yet!
Yeah. They await orders from Fearless Leader. LOL! Oh, wait! He got deported. XD
Senator tester give my president the respect if you don't then get the hell out because all you are is bad
"And the govt will reach into the private lives of citizens" Hello? What do you think they are doing and have been doing? Wikileaks-CIA
Dark money will drown out the voices & votes of citizens? Is it the U.S. government you are a senator in? Let's see if you rec any dark $$
Thank you for your thorough review and thank you for suppirting working Montanans!
Gun-control Hitler yes Democrats yes larger government Hitler yes Democrats yes do you see a trend
Thank you so much for having the courage & common sense that we Montanans value above all else. You truly represent us all.
don't put
Thank you for standing up to unpatriotic Republican bullies
Increase the size of government Hitler yes Democrats yes gun-control Hitler yes Democrats yes thank about it stupid
Tester you are so much a Democrat forgot about everybody  I think you need to quit being  one of those obstructionists and socialist
Thank you! Sadly, all these negative commenters will only see it when it impacts them directly. Then they'll be crying. So sad!
Sir, With your record of bipartisan support,  I can believe you are voting your conscious and not simply following politics as usual.Thanks!
You can't because you are a partisan HACK.
Yay!!! I you! Thank you!
Oh and I'm donating to your campaign! Thank you a million times, sir!
Judge Gorsuch stands for life. Senator Tester you seem to stand only for selected life
@RNRMontana @RedNationRising TIME TO SPREAD THE WORD AND VOTE OUT TESTER
Time for mom Mary to leave Montana. Your not consistent with MT values. I hope you didn't raise kids and fill them with your poison
My mission .. vote Tester out. Better get busy!
My mission is to run you out of Montana. Game on
Why don't you just leave the state of Montana
You better support the judge if you care for Mt
thank you for not supporting Judge Gorsuch!
Thank you for changing your position to No.
THANK YOU! You make Montanans proud
So proud of my Senator!
Excellent! Jon Tester is gonna do what's right and #FilibusterGorsuch like:
You won't be our senator come next election
Oh come on, you can't support him because those are your marching orders.  When you people learn why you lost?
1. Tester hasn't lost. 2. More people voted for Dems for House, Senate, and POTUS.  3. There are more of us.
@wonderfullone
Please convince 
@Sen_JoeManchin and
@SenatorHeitkamp They're turning their backs on the entire USA...WHY???
Partisan politics is alive and well in Montana.  That's a damn shame.
Thank you, senator! #StopGorsuch
THANK YOU!!!!
Thank you Senator Tester!
Thank you @SenatorTester. You are a #hero, a #patriot, and a true #leader!!

Because you have a sense of respect for the constitution
Pro-dark $: Allowing Garland pass-over.
Anti-worker: Wld leave man to freeze to death.
Anti-women: Sides with HobLob against contraception.
Yes. Thank you.
Partisan politics is wrecking the traditions of the United States Senate. #Disappointed
Thank you for taking a stand Senator Tester! 
You are going to be retired
Do what's right for Montana and not you whiny cry baby party.
Enjoy ur last couple years... u r done
Thank you Senator, for supporting the values of Montana and the United States
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Tester!!!!
Thanks Jon for supporting MT values. You are appreciated and respected.
You're a Democratic Party Hack. Your thinking is warped. Be an American 1st and everything else will fall into place.
Guess what Jon - He is qualified and he is the choice of the @POTUS You should be removed 2018
you will go down in defeat in the next elections. You don't represent your state in this matter of the supreme court nominee
Glad, and it's heartening, that some elected officials still have a mind of their own, and a backbone too!
Thank you Senator, standing up for the people that elected you, seems so foreign nowadays. Thanks for bring reality back to DC.
, you rock. I'm proud you're representing Montana.
Wow. Nice surprise.
Thank you Senator Tester
Thank you.
Thx Senator Tester, US/us is saved from Gorsuch that doesn't have Americas best interest at heart but more loyalty to his corp handlers
He's going to get the nomination, the Dems will be setting themselves up for future failures once the Republicans use the "nuclear option".
Thank you for your service, Senator.  This seat should rightfully be filled by someone more moderate. #stolenseat
Thank you for supporting Americans and our rights.
Thank you for being strong.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Tester. You are doing the right thing for the country.
Thank you for standing up for the people of America.
#YouArePartisanAndIgnorant
Looking for money for campaign &scared less of the extreme left are the real reasons! No big deal, going nuclear 4 Judge 2be JusticeGorsuch
Never bothered u when liberals don't answer questions. Dolt.
Thank You for standing up for Clean Elections and Real Protections Senator.  #indivisible
Thank you Senator! 
All BS...ur next out the door!
You sold your soul to Satan. I'm sure Soros made it worth your while--along with peer pressure. You're not a man. You're a coward who caved.
@DrMartyFox Your troll statement won't stop anything. Gorsuch is a great cand and you know it. Happy nukes!
Dark money? What a bs joke! Your boy Soros funds all of you secretly. Pot meet kettle!
Because he was nominated by  POTUS under FBI investigation!
Thank you, Senator. The right choice, and a truly brave one.
Thank you, some say stand for something or fall for anything. You stand for something !
Thank you for your continued support.
Thank you @SenatorTester
YAY Senator Tester!  #Resistance
Thank you senator.
Thank you Senator Tester!
Thank you, Senator Tester!
Thank you, Senator Tester
Thank you from a teacher!
@SenDonnelly This how a real Dem votes, Joe.  A real man.  Not a sniveling coward like you!
Typical corruptocrat; surprisingly from Montana. As long as the "dark money" is coming from overseas; democrats are for it.
The nominee golly-gosh-gee-whizzed his way around every question asked by Democrats. A phony hiding his extremism. Thank you Senator.
Thank you, Senator Tester. If Gorsuch can't bother to meet with all the senators, or answer all the questions, he should not be voted in.
So when his nom comes to the floor, vote no. Still no excuse for filibuster.
How hypocritical! It was ok for Ruth Ginsberg not to answer 70 questions?? You won't get many votes in Kalispell!
Way to cower down with the rest of the cratts...... Goin nuclear !!!
Thank you for standing against dark money and standing for our privacy and women's rights.
Thank you, Senator
Thank you so much for listening to us Jon!
 the guy is from Colorado... Western values,  how much farther away can that be from Montana values....
"Dark money "....??? Really
What a crock!  You can't support him because Hillary lost.  Be honest.  Oh I forgot your a senator.
EXACTLY! @SenJohnMcCain , why can't you see this?
Thank you!!!
Because no one except for Montanans know who you are.So you're stepping in, so the MSM, (propagandists of the (D) Party, don't forget you.
I appreciate you working for the best of America. It bothered me watching @SenFranken interview & his decision was wrong.
Thank you @SenatorTester
Is that on cloture or in general? Either way I'm sure you'll tow the part line.
THANK YOU.
Tester has to get in line and support the people who voted for him, not fall into the PARTY LINE..
Thank you!
We'll support you!!
Thank you, @SenatorTester.
This is good. Another moderate who may be burnishing progressive credentials for a 2020 run.

What a crock!
WTG congratulations I'm with you!!!!!
THANKS
Thank you!!
Thank you!!
You can't because your slavemaster @SenSchumer says so.  Whenever there is a problem like this, its always Dems.  This is to both of you.
Thank you.
THANK YOU! Never forget Merrick Garland
Jon Tester your just another obstructionist get out of the way of progress
Excellent choice.
Excellent, Gorsuch ain't getting in until #Garland gets heard voted and oh yeah, @RealDonaldTrump files tax returns, fully divests, #Russia
I guess you're not planning on being re-elected.  Thank you for insuring a Republican win next year in Montana.
Thank you
thank you for your support
Can't have the government reaching into the private lives of law abiding citizens except in 2A cases, I think you meant to say.
Thank you. This is the right choice. #noprobenorobe
Hope you're also supporting the filibuster against him-- a no vote is pretty meaningless, otherwise.
Thank you.  This is why I  vote for you.
Thank you for doing the right thing.
Well said!!
His mother Anne Gorsuch, head of EPA, felt admin officials don't have to answer to Congress. Hid her corporate alliances. Judge Gorsuch same
Thank you @SenatorTester for having the backs of people who weren't born into money but work hard and do good deeds.
Thanks @SenatorTester for standing up for us in Montana.
Thank you! We've got your back!
Thank you! We can't confirm him and we don't know what kind of connections he have with trump and trump Russia connections.
Thank you, Senator. Unlike too many of your colleagues, you understand that people have to come before party on this.
Thank you for standing on principle Senator.
Get ready to Lose in 2018 for oposing Gorsuch.
Your hate filled base just cost you re-election.
Thank you
Montana will boot Tester for this. I sort of like him, but gotta distance yourself from Shumer on this one. Chuck doesn't live in Montana.
Good job Senator!! You are a strong Democrat and deserve reelection!
Thank you
Good for you, sir. We've got your back. :)
Thank you for Standing up for what you Believe. I too, cannot support #gorsuch for Supreme Court.
Gorsuch will be approved, and then we'll see who will be next. Going nuclear will make it easier 4 the next judges nominated in Trumps term.
thank you!
THANK YOU SENATOR TESTER!! Montanans are blessed to have you as our voice!!
Republicans forced to take 'nuclear option' to confirm Trump's Supreme Court pick
Your job is to determine if he is qualified.That's it. 
Unlike farmer Jon, #Gorsuch is highly qualified.
Thank you Sir!
Yes!  This! Thank you
vote for Judge Gorsuch
NO DEMOCRAT SHOULD BE VOTING FOR GORSUCH, IF HE'S SO DECENT WHY DOESN'T HE SAY ANYTHING AGAINST TRUMP"S APPOINTMENT ?
Thank you Senator!
Why don't the democrats demand a vote on Merrick Garland before they will allow a vote on Gorsuch? Seems fair to me.
Good for you!
@SenAngusKing this is why we should vote #NOGORSUCH
Thank you Senator.
Thank you.
Very proud of you. Montana is better because you are it's Senator. Thank you for thinking it all through & doing the right thing.
Thank you.
We must protect ourselves from the rich who want to keep us down and sick
THANK YOU SENATOR!!!!
Thank you for your patriotism and representing American values and voting against Gorsuch! My kids thank you 4 their future.
You deny OUR voices, OUR will, OUR demands.  Enjoy your short DC stay.
Thank you!
. Thank you Senator.Keep up the fight & get ur colleagues on board.The American ppl are disgusted with @realDonaldTrump & billionaire Swamp.
