Thank you Senator Tester for opposing this pernicious EO
Thank you Senator for defending democracy.
Thanks for speaking up against this hateful act!
Yes Senator Testor! You are my Senator and I thank you!
Thank you @SenatorTester for making #Montana proud! Now, as for that other Senator @stevedaines http://missoulian.com/news/opinion/mailbag/daines-missed-meeting-with-montanans/article_2a6f7dff-438d-5d2a-80b0-789a365e22cf.html#comments …
will you commit to withhold consent on Senate business until the ban has been lifted?
Thank you Senator! All the whitewash the WH is trying apply shows they don't appreciate fairness or due process.
Thank you Jon. Too bad Swampy @SteveDaines is lockstep with Bannon on this (and everything else). #mtpol
.@SenatorTester Thank you for standing up for what's right.
as a constituent, thank you for opposing the ban and representing my views in congress
Thank you Senator! Pls explain the Geneva Convention as well. More Factual Education will help. Already have 2 year screening
please DO NOT vote to approve Attorney General appointee Sessions. He does not have the integrity to stand up to TRUMP
one more item on my list of things I love about Montana.
thank you!
Senator, we must resist this dangerous man and his insanity. He is not just sick. He is evil. Bannon needs to go, too
Your wrong! Come here legally, stronger screenings, no one on the FBI Watch. We want to be safe.
...they are coming legally... with really strong screenings. Problem = banning harmless refugees bc of religion
Thank you for representing the good part of Montana.
Getting really sick of the dem crap! If you can't vote neither will I next year. GROW A SET!
don't get caught up in the politics of this, we in Montana are watching you. This is not a Muslim Ban and you know it.
Thank you, Senator!
As a GCH I thank you for your statement.
Refugees are not Americans and not in titled to constitutional protections. U are just another fascist in office.
Thank you Senator. We cannot sacrifice religious freedom and American values, that is true. We must take a stand.
You're on wrong side of history.  Democrat party is working with EVIL.  ISIS solidarity sign for women's march leader
you need to resign..
Thank you for your honesty and integrity.
glad you've taken a logical stand! now what's the next step? actions > words
I predict mr. tester will be back home at the ranch licking his wounds after 2018 elections #MAGA
thank you!!
This says nothing meaningful. What are you going to DO to fight this awful policy and others like it?
Thank you Senator Tester!
Thank you for standing up for freedom & human rights!  This ban is NOT who we are!  Senator Daines is very quiet!
Thank you for speaking out.  Please follow up with your power to fight against President Trump's tyranny.
Thank you for your statement - please fight for what is right, we are counting on you.
thank you for supporting what is right!
Thank you for not being swayed by ignorant and hateful people, and for upholding our American values and laws.
Tester, you are out of your fool mind to make such a contention when these are the areas people go to get radicalized
Thank you for condemning this ban. Now work to make it law not to discriminate against any religion.
@KaivanShroff for what it's worth
Thank you for standing up for America! #TheResistance
Obama did same thing and u said nothing. I will "march" in 2018. Sen.Tester, we can't save the world, unfortunately.
Thank you
up for re-election soon right?
Thank you, Senator Tester, for opposing the Muslim ban. Please protect our country from the un-American path we're on.
Thank you!  What about the rest of the MT delegation?  Ann German, Atty at Law, Libby, MT anngerman@lclink.com
thank you
Say goodbye in 2018 sir
Thank you for stepping up and speaking out against this unwarranted, inhumane EO!
where is the evidence that there was an actual NEED to do this w/o going b4 congress&explaining Y those excl.-biz ties
this makes NO SENSE. Just a haphazard fly by night decision bc he can&drawn up to protect HIS biz int. NOT the country
if HE feels this was warranted (which is bs at this pt) why not other countries where terrorists WERE actually from??
Thank you for speaking out on this, and standing up for the Constitution, American values, decency and compassion.
- Please stand FIRM on this as @SenJohnMcCain has. This action is making us less safe.
Maybe you didn't read EO. It said Secretary and Homeland had rights to confirm entry based on their own vetting or evidence, or other.
Thank you. It is so important to hear our leaders speak out for what they believe is right. We all need to stand up.
Lame. Say buh-bye to your re-election chances in 2018.
. @SenatorTester @POTUS THANK YOU, Senator, for standing up against this atrocity. How American of you! #MuslimBan
Thanks for your statement. What actions will you take to impede implementation of this unconstitutional EO?
FREE BUMPER STICKER for the askin'
@SteveDaines work WITH @SenatorTester for the good of this country. America is great due to our diversity. Fight for our founding principles
Thank you! So proud that you are standing against unconstitutional EOs.
Thank you Senator Tester!  Let us not let our compassion and integrity be compromised by unnecessary fear.
that's a great statement but I want action not words. I supported you but Im looking at you stop Trump at every chance
Democrats are bitching about POTUS protecting Americans like they've failed to do the last 8 years. Vote accordingly.
I will enjoy watching @SenatorTester lose his reelection bid.  What an awful leader.  @POTUS
Thank you Senator Tester.
thank you for representing me in regards to the refugee executive order
Thank you Jon for opposing this obscene ban on Muslims entering our country. Your tweet means a lot.
That's a start. Falling short on vehemence. Let's hear about the Geneva Convention and not repeating past mistakes.
Thank you, @SenatorTester. I can only hope @SteveDaines is drafting a similar statement in support of American values.
Thank you for taking a position on the issue. Time for action now. No place for enemies of the Constitution.
I wish you'd taken a firmer stance against. I kinda think that in your heart you want to.

Thank you!
That is why you need to be replaced in '18 @SenatorTester We are at War & the enemy is at the gate!  You want to let them in! Typical
thank you!
What are you going to do about it? Pols need to be doing more than offering up thread-the-needle press statements.
This is not Our America! Do your job. Protect The People from CORRUPT POTUS! CALLING YOU EACH DAY FROM MONTANA!
.@SenatorTester @POTUS Thank you, Senator Tester!
Thanks @SenatorTester for not giving into irrational fear and executive overreach. I hope you'll help lead the resistance movement.
How do you propose to tell which is the hero and which the terrorist. HELP Trump on vetting.
Thanks John, the folks back home appreciate this from you.
Thank you sir. @SarahPinsker FYI #NoBanNoWall “@SenatorTester: My statement on the @POTUS' refugee executive order: ”
Thank you, Senator Tester
Senator Tester, oh how I wish you were potus.
aw, but he's not #liberaltears
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you. From California.
How do you feel about the NSC/Bannon issue? Are you prepared to fight to keep Leninist/Nazi ideals out of US govt?
thank you! On my way to meet other Montanans committed to fairness,decency, diversity and love

