Your quaint little use of the word "stewardship" is insulting at best & a travesty at worst. I'm sure there are a bunch of science deniers like U in the @EPAregion6, but don't get too comfortable... THE WORLD FEELS OTHERWISE! You are a greedy villain & tweeting won't change that.
#hisgrandchildrenwillcursehisname... as do the vast majority of the good people of @EPAregion6
That is SO good to hear! I meant no disrespect to the hard working & intelligent career employees of the @EPA in region 6, I meant the citizens of those states, (which in retrospect is a little insulting as well), so I should probably tamp down my rage today & apologize :-)
No offense taken! Your outrage is appreciated!

Your children and grand children suffer the consequences of your actions!
It's hard to imagine that he is a father.
Anymore meetings planned in Region 10?  I am a supporter of Responsible Mining and a supporter of getting people jobs first. #Alaska
Now I understand...you have Napolean complex.  Too bad you take it out on our kids' future.
You are a danger to US Citizens and humanity in general. You need to be removed from office immediately.
How many bribes did we take!?
Pruitt sucks.
Fox in hen house
Pruitt, did you pay back the government for your 1st class flights?
Nah! He needs first class tickets because flying with commoners is a health risk to him. Can’t wait for him to be fired.
Out of curiosity, how did you get to these meetings @EPAScottPruitt??

I remember what the air was like before the EPA.

People will die because of the changes you are making. 

You are culpable for these loses.
You are scamming
Shame shame shame
So in other words you told them to go easy on your cronies in the oil industry. Resign now, crook
What was it about, ways to drain more money out of the treasury before you're fired from the Trump swamp?
Yes you’re so grateful you’re gunning for Sessions job as AG. No way we’re going to let you leave epa without being held accountable for your actions.
Who translated the science for you Scotty?
In other words hurah for oil
As if I believe you really care about the environment including global warming.....just more $$$$$ to the billionaires... All I see are policies poisoning our children...
How about the continued push to get rid of regulations that protect our waters from mining waste. It is your job to protect our environment. Your constant tweets about business meeting show us just how little you care for the environment and how much you care about money.
Pruitt is a soulless tyrant, lacking morals, ethics and anything good. #badfor #badfor #greed #corruption Federal prison is too good...,,
Uh oh watch out states mentioned. youre all screwed.
RESIGN
Are there ever any recaps or notes?  If you are promoting stewardship and environmental policy why not publish it? I constantly scorn you because you give details when you suspend or roll back a regulation but are vague and no details on conservation or stewardship.
I thought you got fired?
thanks for rolling back those pesky regulations on lead. i <3 breathing heavy metals. rock on dude!

They are aware that you were working just as hard to stifle any kind of environmental stewardship in Oklahoma, aren't they?  This is hypocrisy at its worst! #FirePruitt  #TheResistance  #GlobalWarming
First-class travel distinguishes Scott Pruitt’s EPA tenure - The Washington Post
The Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee called on EPA Chief Scott Pruitt to turn over documents related to his first-class travel at taxpayer expense
Tennessee Tech disavows its industry-funded study that the EPA used to justify repeal of emission rules for heavy-duty trucks
Trump waives dozens of environmental rules to speed up construction of border wall - For the unnecessary wall that WE for sure are paying for...
Some 300 scientists and environmental protection specialists have departed the agency during the Trump administration:
Trump and Scott Pruitt post signs boasting about EPA deregulation, employees say it feels like a "slap in the face" http://bit.ly/2FeMQZ1   https://pic.twitter.com/GTwN55B3WD 
Under Trump, E.P.A. Has Slowed Actions Against Polluters, and Put Limits on Enforcement Officers - The New York Times
Why???? Why are you talking????
Still too scared of the American citizens to fly coach?   Delicate little flower.
look at you backing off "regulatory certainty" .... is environmental stewardship the new "take money from whoever will give it to me"?  Did you fly private to this meeting? How many laws did you break, norms did you ignore, tax payer dollars did you waste today?
By the way, the people flying first class think you’re air pollution too.
Bwahahaha...
Hope you have a safe flight back. Might I recommend @united for your return trip? I hear the sleeping accommodations are to die for. 
#TreasonWeasel #ScottPruitt #EPA #United #DoTheRightThing #flights
You are a nightmare.
I hope Trump fires you soon.
Shill
This song was recorded 3 years before your agency was founded. You have a duty to this country. Act like it.
