Your days are numbered. Resign.
What does it take to get rid of this lying, entitled, environment-destroying piece of swamp shit? A former top EPA aide just told Congress all it needs to know about this fucking turd. Since taxpayers pay this dickhead's salary, did any of us get to approve his lavish spending?
You should make a new coin commemorating this.

EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt insisted on staying in luxury hotels and flying on an airline not on the government’s approved list so he could accrue more frequent flier miles. http://huffp.st/dy2NXF7 
Criminal, there is no end to your #corruption
REALLY? A coin with your name on it ???? Removing the flower because you think it looks like pot??-QUITE frankly you're not cool enough to ever know what pot looks like-WHAT A MOOK- WHAT AN incompetent, ignorant man- GET HIM OUT!!!!
Meanwhile, you're okay with mining interests dumping filth into drinking water.
You probably shouldn’t say “first class” too much. Reminds people that you are a thief stealing from the American taxpayer.


There you go Scotty, your new coins designed for you.

Xxx.
#Resign.  This has nothing to do with your politics.  You are abusing the American taxpayer.  You are the swamp.

How long have you been sleeping with Samantha Dravis?
@maddow @MSNBC
You should be injected underground!
Drain the swamp, starting with this piece of human garbage. #maga #DrainTheSwamp
I don't pay MY taxes for YOU to live the good life. YOU are an arrogant, entitled disgrace.
E v e r y DAY your egotistcal non soul shenanigans get exposed!!! TODAY! Thursday April 12 is the day you Need to just pack it up. LEAVE. 
Get OUT!!TOXIC ONEBefore you are EXPOSED MORE...
Time for you to leave office you piece of trash. You are a total walking example of a Christian Republican, hypocritical unethical a total walking contradiction. #failure
"Pruitt denied a petition to ban [chlorpyrifos] use after questioning EPA scientists’ conclusions that exposure impedes brain development in infants and fetuses." I wonder how many people you will indirectly kill - you soulless douche.
Considering our current experiment with #CorporateFascism... on #HolocaustRemembranceDay perhaps a Trumpian style nickname is in order for @EPAScottPruitt? I'm going with " #EnvironmentalEichmann"
You are a traitor to this wonderful country. You are a thief. Pay back what you stole from the taxpayers.
Yes fracking baby! EPA will step back from oversight just like big oil wants it to.
Just resign already. Pretty please.
You’re a worthless piece of greedy, corrupt, entitled shit and it’s hard to imagine there will ever be someone less qualified and more clueless than you as the head of the EPA.
Resign, you money-grubbing SOB.
Pruitt your a discusting swamp creature that deserves being fired your un-american and harmful to the world in general.  TRUE AMERICANS RISE UP AGAINST THIS ATROCITY!
This guy doesn’t think the rules apply to him. Fraud, waste and abuse is all ok in his mind.
Pruitt never paid any rent to lobbyist, took aide 1st class flights
 https://dailym.ai/2JHjqFM 
Jesus abhors liars, liar. Jesus abhors imbeciles, imbecile. Jesus abhors shitholes, shithole. Quit while u r behind, troll.
You are a disgrace. The only thing you care about protecting is your life of luxury.

You are a monster and a criminal.  Please resign.

Good job Mr. Pruitt... keep up the good work. We won, ignore the sore losers for the next 7 years
just stay in your sealed box
Just resign.
Time for you to resign!  You are the height of corruption.
You should be in prison!
If you want to create EPA challenge coins with your name and bible verses instead of the EPA seal, maybe the EPA is not your calling.
Carbon sequestration is nonsense. Humans put 40 Billion tons of CO2 into the air every year.  Sequester that idiot. Tax CO2 and you might have something. Sequestration is a scam like the Republican party.   Also you are poisoning our children with your rule changes.
In other words - your actions are much worse than just being a liar and a thief. What you’re doing to dismantle our clean air and clean water acts should be (may be) criminal - and you should be in jail.
I couldn’t have said it better than Justin Gillis/New York Times – Scott Pruitt‘s disease is that “he is a man so fundamentally immoral that for momentary political gain, he is willing to risk nothing less than the fate of the Earth”.
Are you getting paid off by the oil industry? Because all of your decisions seem to help them, not us.
Karma is retroactive May the universe give you everything you deserve
Haven't fecked up my home state enough yet eh @EPAScottPruitt?  What is it about science you don't get? I'm sure someone can come down to your level of understanding to explain it. #WaterIsLife
You sir, are a fucking idiot.
Goddamn you're an ignorant fool! Just go away already!

Scott Pruitt wanted EPA memorabilia, including challegnge coins, leather-bound notebooks, fountain pens, and stationary, to have the EPA seal removed and replaced with his name prominently featured, NYT reports.
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/11/climate/pruitt-epa-challenge-coin.html …
YOUR NAME??? ON ALL THE EPA SEALS??? You'reAwful. NO SOUL.
GO! get out!!!
Resign today please.
Americans hate you. I know you already know this, just a reminder.
AND YOU WILL ALSO BE LOCKED UP YOU SLIMEBALL
Resign now.
You’re bad for our country and don’t deserve the tax payer money you’re wasting.  Just leave government and go to the private sector where you can earn all the money you want and expense everything you can get away with.
Do the right thing and step down.
We are behind you sir. Most of us don't spend our lives on twitter, like cement headed, slack jawed, unemployed liberals, but we are with you! @EPAScottPruitt
Why are you so bent on destroying the environment just to reward big oil?  Would never threaten anyone, just would smile if you came down with environmentally caused cancer. Prick
$$!

Pruitt has responded to emerging details of his corruption scandal in the worst possible way: by retaliating against career employees who reveal details of his waste, fraud, and abuse. This staffer was not the only one. https://twitter.com/emilyhholden/status/983787932816461824 …
Get any more death threats today sir?
Yes, somebody said "Boo" at the airport.
He's pathetic!
Please track this extremely threatening tweet, big boy. I am so sorry You are frightened at work so you go first class but when you travel on your own nickel, you fly coach. Are you only scared while working? Do you wear a different face when you are off? How will we know you?
Why are you gambling with America’s lives&the planet?It affects the whole world what America does!!Don’t gamble with the whole world,it is not ur right!Climate change/ happening,just look around!Science is real,March here I come!!Ps Maybe u will get fired! EPA should protect us!
Seems like everything is first class for you. And your straight up gangsta entourage, of course.
lots of serious deflection going on...but don't worry, the eyes of the press and the public are still watching you...after all, ur one of the most CORRUPT in Trump's admin. Better hide in ur soundproof phone booth.
Get out now!!!!  Ryan saw the writing on the wall.  You are ruining our country for the benefit of big corps.  Greedy bastard!
More fraud, waste & abuse from this Trump lackey.
He is abusing his position, wasting tax payers money, sweet deals w/lobbyists , destroying our environment.

#FirePruitt #CA48 #ClimateChange…

You threaten the lives of Americans daily with your assault on the protections that help to keep us safer. You waste our money on yourself. You have no rightful place working for this country. Go away.
Scott Pruitt will be late coming in today, he has pressing personal business to take care of
The only thing first class here are your flights on the taxpayer's money.

You are trash.

He has learned how to lie and steal from the American people from @realDonaldTrump. Trump's spent more taxpayers' money in his 1st yr in office than any other Pres in history. And Trump loves Scott Pruitt, though he is endangering people with poisoned water. #Trump #ScottPruitt
Ooops. You are the dumpster fire that just won't go out.
The EPA's Scott Pruitt has said he “didn’t know” about unusual salary bumps given to a pair of trusted aides, but an email from one of those staffers claims otherwise, reports @ElainaPlott:

Oh my Lord he is so desperate!
Has it ever occured to you @EPAScottPruitt that maybe you're so unpopular because you are creating an environmental, fiscal & ethical crisis with your "leadership" of the @EPA!?…
You are scum!
https://twitter.com/SomeGuy_94/status/979485884348211200?s=20 …
#BootPruitt 
#PollutingPruitt
We demand that Scott Pruitt resign as head of the EPA http://petitions.moveon.org/s/eK81O=  @moveon
Help get @EPAScottPruitt out of office by signing on to this quick & easy petition everyone! 
…
Hey Pruitt you drowned my wife
WOW! You are still pretending yo protect our environment. YOU ARE A CORRUPT F'er. I tell my elected officials daily that you are the bottom feeder of the swamp.
Just days ago you said you were improving the American water infrastructure. How does injecting chemicals into the ground help N. Dakota's water?
Wtf is up with all the secrecy Scott? Everyone knows you’re buddy buddy with the oil industry. How much did you spend on soundproofing materials?
You could care less about clean water or clean air. Don’t pretend you do. You just care about spending taxpayer money for your frivolous vacations and trips. And paying an employee who doesn’t bother to show up to work. Too bad Mueller isn’t investigating you!
Why aren’t you under investigation yet? 
Specifically for requesting a large security detail(even when on personal travel to Disneyland), flying first class on the taxpayers' dime, a $50-a-night deal to rent a room in a condo owned by the wife of a lobbyist
So the EPA is going to let more people die to line their pockets as the head Pruitt fires anyone that gets in his corrupt way. Pruitt is an enemy of the country as he conspires with the enemy DT to dismantle the USA.
You are CORRUPT AND WILL BE REMOVED FROM OFFICE
Has no idea what he is doing,just destroying  USA environment.  Clueless  like the president. . Wasting  taxpayers  money and sucking  clean air he's  destroying.
R E S I G N
Corrupt lying snowflake. Resign.
NEW: @EPA staff monitored social media for threats to @EPAScottPruitt in an effort to justify 1st class travel & expanded security. They mostly found posts criticizing his policies as bad for the environment, say people briefed on the threat assessments. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/10/us/epa-social-media-threats-scott-pruitt.html …
I heard today that you explain your need for security detail through non specific twitter threats. Let me be the first to tell you I don’t like you and who knows what I’ll do about it 
Why don’t U turn Ur attention to the Flint, Michigan water problem. Now Michigan Gov says they will get NO BOTTLED WATER ANYMORE. Seems a little dastardly, doesn’t it.

Why do U call Ur self Administrator?Isn’t this a bit de rigeur?It’s not like Ur president. I advised trump to get rid of U bc if he decides to fire Mueller or Rosenstein for any reason while he keeps U & Ur corrupt practices, the American people will rise up with righteous anger.
Who do you work for? The oil/gas companies or the citizens who have to drink your contaminated water.
Ooo you are going down pickle smootcher! Another corrupt piece of shit is going to make the walk of shame. You have directly approved the poisoning of the citizens whose safety you are entrusted with.Therefore, you should be going on trial for corruption AND depraved indifference
I look forward to seeing you in an orange jumpsuit.
You like first class, don’t you Scott?
Chlorpyrifos hurts the brain and lowers IQ, especially in kids, who also experience tremors due to the chemical. It's been linked to everything from cancer to Parkinson's. A study found the chemical in 87% of umbilical cord blood. Trump reversed its ban. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/28/opinion/sunday/chlorpyrifos-dow-environmental-protection-agency.html …
Why is this allowed to go on, certainly Mr. Caraballo isn't the only one to be abused in this fashion. How will this end up, we don't know but #MarioCaraballo and others musn't be sacrificed.
Huh? The EPA still exists?
So your going to let them police them self? How often does that work?
Scottie boy working to poison Americans by destroying drinking water.  He cries like a little baby and everyone thinks he needs security and private planes.
Here is some truth for you Scottie. I hope you don't run to hide in your sound proof booth.
Keeping dumping into the water...as long as Dow Chemical keeps sending the cash checks ? #TheToxicAvenger


Resign, you crook. How did you enjoy that vacation in Paris that We The People paid for? You're a liar and a thief. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
You are destroying our country for money. You will be judge one day.
Drain the #TrumpSwamp  What a shameful abuse of power and taxpayers money.  #Pruitt
Senate Democrats have obtained internal EPA documents they say show no evidence of specific, credible, physical threats against Scott Pruitt.

That’s despite claims of an “unprecedented” number of death threats to…
You need to resign!
What are you doing for Flint, Mich? The Dufus Governor there, a Reoublican, cut off the availability of bottled water to those in need. It was the Republican Mich Administration that caused the water to be poisoned with lead... now. What are You doing about it?
Has always been shill for energy company’s . Received money from Koch ind and exon Mobil. Doesn’t care about environment , clean air or water. Only cares about money. He is the swamp #swampyscott #pruitt must resign
I can hardly wait to see South Dakota and Minnesota sue the crap  out of ND and the EPA if the slightest trace of pollution flows into their  water. I’m all for this technology but it should not be regulated at the state level.
What does your wife think of Samantha, the hot blonde you took to Paris? You know the one you hired to not work......at work. Wink, wink!
Understand that before CO2 emissions need to be sequestered, the carbon was already sequestered! Your corrupt EPA is concerned only with corporate profits and it shows. It's time for Mueller to investigate you.

Scoop: Top EPA officials have discovered an email in which Sarah Greenwalt says, explicitly, that Pruitt approved her $56k-plus raise—despite his claim that he had no knowledge. Now they're scrambling to make sure it doesn't get in front of the IG. https://www.theatlantic.com/news/archive/2018/04/pruitt-epa-raises/557561/ …
Sure they will
The fact that you have reached a level of corruption that stands out in this administration is fucking astounding. 

Congrats on being awful I guess.
Really Scotty?   Really?
Did you know that I control the source of any and all water that you Administrator Pruitt consumes?
:)
It has NOT approved your first class travel or HUGE security detail. CRIMINAL SURROUND WASHINGTON. @realDonaldTrump is the criminal in chief, and you seem to think it’s OK, too.

https://www.politico.com/amp/story/2018/04/10/documents-contradict-epa-claims-threats-984459?__twitter_impression=true …
And the earthquakes begin...when....?
You,Sir, are wasting Taxpayer
money and need to be fired
soon. Your paranoid issues
should not be paid for by
TAXPAYER $$.
Read you fired someone who spoke truth to power about your security needs today. As usual, you’re wrong and a bastard to boot. #BootPruitt
Keep going we r supporting your changes.


Excellent work #ScottPruitt. You're a savior and a gift to the world. The only thing the #LizardBrain #Liberals have to offer are threats....Very unhelpful is their destructive ideology of hate.
Why don't I believe you?
Tick tock till you’re fired in disgrace
How do you still have a job??!
#ProtectOurEnvironment #ScienceMatters #FWA #Corrupt #NoEthics
Yes why do most of those people have jobs? I read #MarioCaraballo was fired because he told the truth. Why isn't that being examined?
Could you go over again how your employees got pay raises using provisions of the clean water act, which only you had authority to do, even though you now claim you had no knowledge? Lies. Lies. Lies.
Why are you still in office?
Self regulation.....?
JUST IN: EPA removes staffer who signed off on report questioning Pruitt's security needs: report http://hill.cm/63ZxR2Y  

You are corrupted as.. must be afraid,  firing ppl that are on to you.
When you get FIRED I will tweet you this !!!!!!!
Um, and the oil leak? How does that affect drinking water
Tool for the fossil fuel industry.
Your disastrous unqualified occupation of @EPA is almost over, Scotty Potty.
If Pruitt is involved it can't be good


https://www.kcet.org/shows/earth-focus/we-all-live-downstream-at-risk-from-the-dakota-access-pipeline …   We All Live Downstream: At Risk From the Dakota Access Pipeline; grow #hemp.


I hope you get eaten by a grizzly bear.



So you admit that atmospheric carbon emissions are a danger to the planet!  Think that wll help save your job, Scott?
Are you informed and know about the risks or you just do it and hope for the best. EPA is supposed to protect the environment, you do the opposite. Why the government doesn`t care that people are against him and his practices. They are supposed to be for the people.
U PIECE OF SH^IT! https://www.esquire.com/news-politics/amp19690828/fox-news-scott-pruitt-swamp/ …
Pruitt felt very safe flying first class to Paris for a couple of nights then a few hours in Morocco pushing LNG for his Cheniere Energy landlords. With a support staff of NEARLY a dozen (or was it more Mr. Administrator?). By the way - was Samantha on the payroll?
So what happens when you pump CO2 into the ground? you’re not a science guy, you have no idea of the possible long term effects or possible short term effects, ie carbonic acid if it finds its way to a water source. Is it worth the risk? And the Dakota pipeline was safe?!
Pruitt gives himself total authority over water safety protections http://hill.cm/l8MZp2Y 
Natural Gas Fracking Poisons Pennsylvania Water Supplies -
You've probably never heard of WOTUS but it could have serious drinking water implications |
Clean water worth protecting |
Four Maine brewers fight EPA plan to repeal clean water regulation - Portland Press Herald
Trump and Scott Pruitt post signs boasting about EPA deregulation, employees say it feels like a "slap in the face" http://bit.ly/2FeMQZ1 
Under Trump, E.P.A. Has Slowed Actions Against Polluters, and Put Limits on Enforcement Officers - The New York Times
"EPA removed a career staffer Tuesday who approved an internal report that undermined Administrator Scott Pruitt's claims that he needed around-the-clock bodyguards and other expensive security protection."
FirePruitt #BootPruitt #ProsecutePruitt #PesticidePruitt #PerjuringPruitt #ConflictofInterestPruitt #PollutersPuppetPruitt #PollutingPruitt #PrisonForPruitt #UnfitPruitt #Pruitt and #SUESCOTTPRUITT
I’m sure nothing will go wrong in a state controlled by the fracking industry. Resign now, criminal
"EPA Intelligence has not identified any specific credible direct threat to the EPA Administrator.” Yet PRUITT claims he has been threatened, no proof or substantiated examples offered uses that to justify 24/7 security while a prior EPA administrator got by with FAR LESS!
You might want to avoid the term "first class," Scott
You have by far done the most damage in this whole administration. It will take years to undo your corruption.
and the environmental destruction
Get ready...it’s all coming to an end soon! you tool
Nasty
"Blah blah blah cooperative federalism"
"Blah blah blah regulatory certainty."
"Blah blah blah line my pockets."
"Blah blah blah $50 a night."
"Blah blah blah I poison children."
"Blah blah blah I need my safe space."
"Blah blah blah I misuse funds."
#BootPruitt #FirePruitt
Another bad decision
Resign.
What’s the deal with Samantha?
This is Samantha Dravis, the Scott Pruitt aide who was paid for full time work when she didn’t show up to the office for 3 months & is now being investigated for fraud…
More of your do-nothing garbage. #BootPruitt
"EPA removed a career staffer Tuesday who approved an internal report that undermined Administrator Scott Pruitt's claims that he needed around-the-clock bodyguards and other expensive security protection"
Breaking: EPA staffer who signed off on report that undermined Pruitt's claims of threats was removed on Tuesday https://www.politico.com/story/2018/04/10/documents-contradict-epa-claims-threats-984459 …
Swamp Poster Child Of The Month
