These are not your words.  You don't know how to speak like this, nor do you know how to feel like this.
It’s a shame that you, a “Christian” only when it’s convenient, were the President in history who eulogized the great Billy Graham.
You're*
You’re what?
The sentence doesn't make sence. "...that you, a "Christian" only when it's convenient..."
It should be "you're", not "you, a"
WE LOVE YOU, MR. PRESIDENT!
No we don't
Yes we do! We love and respect our awesome @realDonaldTrump president!!!

God wants absolutely nothing to do with you.
Why would you say that?

There is so much where to start...
So yall speak for God now? Sweet. I'll let him know.
No need I already let him know.
Awesome. Can you let him know my lunch is late while you're at it? I'm pretty damn hungry. He never answers my call so late. Sigh.
That's classic him. He's a real piece of work. In his defense he's been really busy fielding prayers from grieving parents lately, but I put a bug in his ear about your lunch.
ENFORCE THE RUSSIA SANCTIONS
Who wrote that for you?
Aaaaaaaholeeeee

one more con artist gone
BILLY IS IN HELL.
You sorry human being. Billy Graham, is certainly in heaven. But you where do you think you will go?????
There's no such thing as a heaven or hell. Grow up!!
That's like saying there is no demons that you are facing now...
There is a God.

This is when I'm not so sure @realDonaldTrump is a white hat  Billy Graham implicated by Fiona Barrnett  an Mkultra victim https://pedophilesdownunder.com/tag/billy-graham/ … #mkultra #qanon #TheGreatAwakening @LizCrokin @Fulcrum__News
Do you think YOU are a child of God??
Yes!
Thank you for saving us from these lunatics circle jerking in the comment section, they have lost power and they dont want to share, we sre blessed to have you †!
Religion has no place in Government and Government has no place in Religion...PERIOD! This is why the Founding Fathers put the Establishment Clause in the Constitution.
That’s why our country schools and homes with children that kill. You live without God you life is worth Nothing.
The killing that going on has NOTHING to do with religion, it's the access to guns. Remember, thou shall not lie!
#FakeChristian
... says the most unreligious "president" ever. A man, who cheated his wife, who betrays his country, who loves money laundering more than reading in the bible (or other books) ...
FYI: Jesus isn't Joseph's son.
That's only your opinion. That is not a fact!
A Christian believes that Jesus is God‘s son. Trump is a wannabe christian.
If you adopt a son and raise him, he's your son. Fact.
Wait, so God banged Joseph's wife in an out-of-marital affair? And Joseph was ok with that? Your religion is nuts.
Why are evangelical Ukrainian Christians allowed to come to the US but Iranian Christian, who face torture and execution for practicing their faith, are denied? You pledged to help religious minorities in the Middle East.




I feel that there would be some people in training who could awnser that calling from god to be as increadable as billy graham. It would be fun to find them and help them get established  for our great country under  God.
You pretend to be a Christian but we all know your religion is just like everything else about you #FakePresident #FakeChristians #FakeHair
No we don’t.
Fuck that guy.
God Bless the Graham family.
Thank you for honoring a great man.

RIP Billy Graham.

Amen.  (So be it.)
#Efrinoperation #TurkishArmy hahahahahaha
Gag.

FFS
I can’t believe twitter didn’t ban your twitter account in the bot sweepup
How does it feel hiding behind a wall from the police?
Hey Donny! Have you heard about the new shootings in a school?! This time it seems to have been the teacher holding the gun! “Give the teachers guns” , he said.
This is incredibly inappropriate.

State
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Church
Where is that in the Constitution? Not


Never underestimate the power of ignorant people in large numbers. Ftfy
I know that right
This is exactly why I can't stand 
uber - Christians. Horrible, judgemental, cruel, callous, SELFISH people.
I don't follow Christians. I follow Christ.
Naaa, don't think so. He wasn't very sweet.
VENEZUELA CORRUPTOS INFILTRADOS en las instituciones publicas siguen depositando DOLARES en BANCOS INTERNACIONALES para que los vuelvan a bloquear CONTINUA GUERRA ECONOMICA
176.826.960.546,17 $$ DOLARES bloqueados BANCOS INTERNACIONALES corruptos infiltrados instituciones del GOBIERNO cobran grandes comisiones por seguir depositando DINERO y fortalecer GUERRA…
And that is why we need a wall!
I'm offended.
good for you, I guess?
Maybe good for you.  Shitty for me and our time-honored, historic separation of church and state.  

Evangelicals are holding us back.
Holding you back from total destruction
America is the least of trouble
Sire
Talk about pandering to your base.  Ridiculous.
It's not pandering, it's sincere.
Pardon me while I laugh.
Looks like he's doing OK in this picture.

Get some help for what? For telling the truth? When I tell the truth, it is not for the sake of convincing those who do not know it, but for the sake of defending those who do. Integrity is telling myself the truth. And honesty is telling the truth to other people. You need help.
OBAMA IZ TEH EVIL MOOSLIM BUT TRUMP IZ TEH CHRISTIAN. JESUS TOLD HIM TO RAW DOG A PORN STAR WHILe HIS WIFE WAZ PRGNANT AND THEN PAY HER $130,000 TO SHUT UP BECUASE....JESUS LUVS PORN!!!!!
And if you are going to try and use childish antics by hurling ridiculous statements like Jesus Loves Porn, then there's no room for meaningful dialogue. We can have an open debate and exchange ideas and opinions but it does need to include meaningful civil discourse.
Decease doesn't necessary mean death
Well said Mr. President
Fire Sessions
4 indictment associations,  refusal to obey the law and enforce Sanctions, Nepotism. ethics violations, misuse of Campaign money for legal fees
All part of the deep state all part of no borders no America no law. Is that really what you want. If so remember that when they’re kicking down your door to steal what you have
A wall you're naive to think a wall keeps anyone out. Drug dealers aren't stupid they'll get them in. If  you want to stop immigration penalize Companies or boycott vegetables, restaurants
I guess we won’t know until we build one well way. I live done the border in Arizona for many years I know it will help. You obviously just. What you hear on your favorite left wing news outlet.
I live in Texas I know the border so get over it. waste of money use the money for infrastructure and quit watching Hannity
you obviously don’t know Borders Linda or you wouldn’t have that attitude or maybe it’s just that you’re misinformed  Or maybe you’re just ignorant. It’s obvious that the border without a wall is not working. What do you suggest Linda

A few years ago, he lived in Alaska and commuted to Asheville to The Cove as needed to take care of business. I'm glad if he's moved closer now.
your staff did a good job writing this one!
Your account is a bot since that’s a gd picture of @madisonbeer!! Report this nonsense!!!

VOTE for STACY DASH for Congress @REALStaceyDash

CALIFORNIA 
District 44…

VOTE for EDWIN DUTERTE for Congress! @DuterteCA 

CALIFORNIA 
District 43

…

Vote for the right candidate who puts the rights of #AmericansFirst -- not illegal aliens. 

Vote for America First! Vote Wright! Vote for Kenneth…

VOTE for ANTONIO SABATO JR for Congress, 

California, District 26…
I would never vote for anyone who thinks this graphic is in any way acceptable.
Really good separation of church and state right here.
For the record...the founding fathers intended the "separation of church and state" in order to keep government from impacting the church, not the other way around. Hate how much this concept has been skewed in our generation. #KnowYourHistory
I hope this is a joke

Emerson v. Board of Education
fool! Find a reliable source!
There are a lot of us that only talk of religion once in awhile, but that absolutely does not mean that we love God any less than those that talk about him all the time...we just talk to him silently. And he loves us every bit as much as he loves all of you!!  And we not ashamed!
Easy to pray and preach when every one is looking at you. You know nothing of humility...
Let's see you do it better then!
A bond is a beautiful thing
Can it, armchair religious asshole. Lol.
Death can mean celebration: glad you gone; from a Christian point of view see you in rapture!!! No More Sorrow On Earth!!
AMEN!!!!!!!
AMEN!!
We got the natal athrem
Amen and Amen !!!
What a nice celebration. Your words about the Christian leader of the world were rightly deserved. You, yourself, are one of God’s soldiers and we need you to keep praying and proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus in these troubled times. We don’t worship Government, we worship God.
What do you think God would make of his adultery, his divisiveness, his worship of money, his racism, his infantile behaviour, his condoning of sexual predators like Roy Moore? What do you think he would make of your worship of Trump?
It is a joy he is also Christian. You hate God so U hate him. But guess what, unless U repent and accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior,  U will burn I hell for ever and ever. Understand He loves U and U can be saved. Do it quickly bc his Rapture is just around the corner
Firstly, you know nothing about my views on God. Secondly there is nothing, Absolutely nothing about Trump that marks him out as a Christian. He does not attend church. He is not loving, forgiving, humble or charitable.
He has  left Puerto Ricans to struggle in their hour of need and will not act to prevent children from being killed in their schools by automatic weapons. He golfed 50 miles away from where a funeral was taking place.
He criticises his allies while making bedfellows with America’s enemies. He criticises those who kneel for an anthem he does not know the words to.
I believe there is something in Christianity about not worshipping false idols? I suggest you look it up because that’s what you are doing. And the God you claim to love would most definitely not approve.
Yeah, that's it honey. Don't worry about reality, just block it and it will all go away. I'd make alternative plans for the afterlife if I were you though, it's probably not going to be anything like you expected.
History Religious Right Part 2
That’s a terrible thing to do in official capacity of POTUS unfortunately you don’t even understand Theology & your current actions are actually making yourself look like the Anti Christ (Mixing State & religion is opposite of Christ teachings )
Ok guy.
DonaldTrump’s Schedule:
•  Get Presidential Daily Brief from Fox and Friends. 
•No Collusion!!
•Witch Hunt!! 
•The Sun is yellow... it’s Obama’s fault.  
•  to Taco Bell 
• Rehearse “I Hear You”
•  Stormy
•Golden Showers. 
• Bed
Golden showers? You make fun of trump with "no collusion" but do you realize that was a lie leaked to the media by an FBI agent who was willing to collude with a Russian and pay for dirt on Trump in an attempt to sway public opinion before an election? I guess not!
It's so obvious when Donny doesn't write his own tweets.
You phony. U could care less about god. Prayer or BG. Watching you try to play the Christian card is entertaining.
Say's one con man about another con man. Just a different schpiel with the same outcome...
I am very sad because he personally blessed me at an evangelisation in the  Neckarstadion. He  come home to his father and Jesus . Through his whole  life he convinced millions of believers in Jesus and God.  God bless  America, President Trump and Vice President  Pence.
Laughable..
He would never approve of you, serial adultery and scam artist.  Poor @MELANIATRUMP @FLOTUS has to know the depravity of her husband. @IvankaTrump had to lie, for you,  she's probably going to jail. Ivanka doesn't know about jail.  @DonaldJTrumpJr can problay hold his own in jail
God his rolling her eyes as you pile on the bullsh*t.
Amen, Mr. President. And we, good people, need to keep spreading the truth. God is not dead and evil will not prevail.
Did you ever consider that Jesus may not be a white man?
Happy Holi
 Canadians Love You Too!
Most of us anyway... well the Nationalists  Blessings!
amen
Thank you
Poor people are loosers!
Which Lord is that?
The Lord Jesus Christ! 
It's time to speak loud before they try to silence and disarm us.

You're not imagining it, history shows that governments always manipulate tragedies to attempt to disarm the people.
You are so vulgar.
A message of love would be passing common sense gun laws to save lives,  passing a clean Dream Act & keeping families together, providing affordable healthcare to all, taking care of the environment, & working toward world peace. Those are efforts Jesus would support. #WWJD
Probably flip tables and chase people with whips.
He has brought many millions of people to Christ. His legacy will endure forever. He is now with Jesus.
I've had shits with higher IQ.
The other 3, two slain Capitol police officers and Rosa Parks deserved to lie in state at the Capitol Rotunda;  Billy Graham does not.  Bad precedent, Sad.
Protect children, not guns
Whatever happened to the separation of church and state? Oh, I know ... you never read the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution.
Let me call you a waaaahmbulance
Ok drop the religious act. It’s not working. Fake you POS45
O
 
OO
OOO ln .ol

olNpp
Amen. Amen, Mr. President. Amen.
President Pussy-  SEPARATION BETWEEN CHURCH AND STATE- you don’t have a clue
Mega churches and televangelists should pay taxes...
There is no god.
KUSHNER TOOK A 500 THOUSAND $ LOAN FROM RUSSIA AFTER THE ELECTION!
Loan. Do you know what a loan is? Do you know how much the US Government owes to China?
Also a bigot.
Dude...since when did the word “precious” enter your vocabulary?  Calling BS on you.  You didn’t write this.
Stop putting on a show for your Christian supporters! What's your favorite bible verse again! We remember when the media asked you that question! You said that religion & the bible mean so much to you & is so personal, you would rather not tell your favorite verse! Zero religion!
What’s yours
One thing you did right
Thank you & bless you Mr President for this honor to  Reverend Bill Graham.
Deus Já tem levantado homens como Billy Graham para proclamar o Reino de Deus!!!
Billy boy made rabid religious fundamentalism(something that the foundingalludes to is more Deist than Theist) socially acceptable. So much so that we have politicians who believe that they can do no wrong because they are ordained by God...And the reason behind that is because
Billy Graham has chosen to ally himself with various presidents to give them some sort of political clout and legitimacy to the ignorant masses of fundies out there. I do not think that should be allowed(unless we force churches to start paying taxes too)...
He was a horrible, hateful man to gay people.
God bless you Mr President
P
.Pl Ppp.
 . . 

.
I didn’t think you were before, but now that you’ve attended a funeral, I can see now that you are a true, good hearted Christian.

J/k you’re actually just as amoral as ever. Grats on not grabbing any puss there even though it looks good in black.
God has raised up men and women of Faith. But we need a president who will unify the people. Billy Graham's message was all about unity not division
Go and Do likewise
It’s very difficult to unite when citizens like yourself refuse to unite. #ActionsNotWords
#ssc Scam
Billy Graham was a homophobe & supporter of conversion therapy. As a servant of the Lord, a Christian, a devout Episcopalian -- I pray that future men and women will lead a life that is more loving, kind, and accepting. Unlike that of Mr. Graham's.
You speak of love but your words are of hate, show me your hands and feet and side.
And Obama didn't say anything about the True Billy Graham because it's against his BELIEF. The only president that accepted mus brthrhd .in and the Grahams out of the white house!
One less homophobic religous douche to worry about. This country doesnt need prayer sir, it needs a leader who isnt just about one group of people but for all people. Just remember 2020 is coming and maybe a president who cares.
#NotMyPresident
God is a delusion.  Free your minds and lives.
Prevent political crimes by the invasive nuisance inbreds from overseas.  Yes, inbreds.  Almost every other country in the World (and maybe is every country) allows first cousins to marry.  The US typically requires three generations of distance.
Well said, Mr. President! What a man of God Rev. Graham was, a wonderful role model for us all!! God, PLEASE revive our hearts! You are finally home, Rev. Graham!
THANK GOD for our President Trump, continue SIR praying deployables have your back, AMEN
the same precious child(ren) of God the NRA could care less about????//
Thank you for doing this @realDonaldTrump ... no man is perfect, and every man evolves his thinking as he has new experiences.  Billy Graham made some mistakes, but like you, he always was looking to be better man the next day than the previous day. He is deserving of this honor.
Lock billy graham up! 
Lock billy graham up!
For eternity!

This must be some of the most meaningless nonsense that a president has ever posted online. Truly a primitive, anachronistic statement to make in an era predicated in secular progress. Disgusting.
All democrats are disgusting. This post is about a Great Man Billy Graham. The hate you are posting has not one thing in it about this Great Man of God. Post your hate on your own page. Billy Graham loved everyone. You all need to be watching his sermons.
God bless you, President Trump for taking on a job that you didn't need in order to save our country. Your tribute to Billy Graham is just one example of your love and demonstrated faith. God bless you.
Amen.
You follow a heresy known as "prosperity gospel," Donald, which Billy Graham hated. Do you really think you're the right person to tout Graham's legacy (imperfect as it is given his anti-Semitism and racidm) given your heresy?
. . . amen and God will bless you for letting the world know that America belongs to the Lord God Almighty
Get the internationals out of our stations that violated MCl 750.200h&i, 750.224a and 750.543p as they are the causation of these atrocities for political agendas to further their conspiracy to overthrow the US Government in fact. 

They're not WASP's, Anabaptists or valids.
I love mr trump

This man personified Mathews 25:21
He was a TELEVISION evangelist and a bigot, and you buried him on our dime. Will the burial be in Arlington as well?
He was no head of state. Why is he there?
My dream is to lie in such a coffin. George Gassar.
unlike our #MoronInChief who chooses to spread hate & lies! #IdiotInChief
Stop using the Lord's name in vain.  You know you are the anti christ

So Thankful God has placed a man of Faith in the White House.
Welcome Great President. Help us please to put away Africa from Shithole. Thank you for your kindness. Dr Francis Bahizi
To bad it’s you honoring him you aren’t even close to being a Christ follower
Such a phony when you speak of a god as if there is one and you believe in it. You're so painfully transparent.
#Trump2020

Gracias señor presidente por despedir un general de Dios. Dios le bendiga mas
Classy Ladies
Like you believe in God. Just fleecing your base.
中国要收台湾还得先解放南京，南京市委书记张敬华要称帝了，他拒不执行习主席的党的方针，违背一个共产党人的原则，操控南京公检法，欺上瞒下，此恶不除共产党的威严何在？
Who's paying for his funeral ?... Never mind.
Hey snowflakes, go get a job and contribute to the rebuilding of America. We are blessed to have Donald Trump and all his family helping MAGA . CNN, msnbc, nyt, wash post, can all scream at Rachel madcow all they want but he is Potts and not a shred of evidence, not gossip
Will pray for every soul with a hateful mouth. May God forgive you if it is Hos will.
This will be my first time that I say thanks Mr. President. But only because I know that this is not directly written by you I bet is an aid
#March4Trump is VERY REAL
Its happening 3/4/18 
https://twitter.com/March4Trump/status/965219064808464384 …
#NotARussianBot
Fyi We already are getting people that heard "March For Trump" called  out by the #DOJ as being a part of #RussianCollusion to be clear we are #March4Trump ran by @peterboykin #NotARussianBot we are NOT involved with that mess…
Oh please....Honor Billy Graham for what?????
For his good and faithful service to Jesus Christ. 
Pos
All my revelations about you becoming the next American President during the election are gradually being fulfilled. Your are a Restorer.
This guy was a show man, a bigot who lived off false promises to gullible people. He never deserved this honor. Stop pandering to the backwards religious right.
This is Donald Trump slapping the civil rights movement right in the face.

You spouting Xtianity is like....the Devil selling Encyclopedias...I can’t even.
https://www.fiverr.com/mjdgraphic/design-a-professional-flyer-and-posters-designs-in-24-hrs …

https://www.fiverr.com/mjdgraphic/design-professional-and-creative-sports-flyer-in-24hr …

https://www.fiverr.com/mjdgraphic/design-a-professional-and-creative-logo-in-24-hrs …

https://www.fiverr.com/mjdgraphic/design-outstanding-2side-business-card-in-24-hrs …

https://www.fiverr.com/mjdgraphic/design-a-stylish-signature-logo-in-3hr …

https://www.fiverr.com/mjdgraphic/create-a-label-design-for-your-product …
Thanks Mr President for honoring such a wonderful man of God  may he Rest In Peace
Amen!
maybe if you keep honoring him daily everyone will forget you’re completely worthless
God bless Mr Graham  and America
Amen 
He was such a great man God Bless Him ,he will be missed very much We need God back in our schools ,back in USA just like he said young people would be better off
Thank you Mr President.

……
What makes him greater than another
Were the other 3 just as disgusting as him?
Amen
"WE, THE PEASANTS"

We can not believe the #Hypocrisy, that #Drips from your #Lips!

You don't even #Believe in #God, #MuchLess #Worship or #Pray to #Him!

You're #Like most #All #Other #Presidents and #Politicians, that almost #Always just say what the #People #WantToHear...SAD!
God is fake... like you’re election.
So much for separation of church and state. Stop trampling the Constitution.
Man of God or white man of God?
Thank you Mr President!  I say a big AMEN to that Prayer & let it begin with me!
How can our nation spread such a message if our nation dishonors God by separation of church & state? Gifts are from God not Santa Clause! Honor Billy Graham by doing what is right based off Christianity. The rule of men has ruined our true foundation & it must be made right!
Mr. Trump, just because our nation has made things this way from the beginning it doesn't mean you can't testify against it as you already have done in many ways but now it's the time to bring out the truth in the light as it should've been. That would mean making all things new
Like yo I get that Billy Graham apparently had a lot of influence on a lot of people but is a man so attuned to God that he never broke from his beliefs, even when it was for the worse, worthy of such an "honor" and so much reverence?
RIGHT ON MR. PRESIDENT!
RIP in Paradise Billy


May GOD bless The Reverend Billy Graham with the CELEBRATION and the WELL-DOWN thou good and faithful servant that he earned!
