How did this dude get "Honorable" on his name tag?? Here, I fixed it for you...
T R A I T O R
fixed the pipes in flint yet ???????????????????????????????????????
And how much of that $4M will they actually see? Skim a little off the top. No one will even notice, & you are in desperate need of traveling money. It's all over but the crying, Scottie. You are on your way to the unemployment office. Be a man. Go quietly. #FirePruitt
Word on the street is you're gonna throw your staff under the bus tomorrow when Congress asks why you've been so unethical. That's leadership, Pruitt style!
and................ you did
WOW $4M, like the cost of all your trip?
HOW ABOUT FIXING THE FLINT , MICHIGAN WATER PROBLEM......
The water is fine. Some of the pipes still need to be replaced.
How  long do they have to wait ?? 
It has been years under DNC incompetence  !!
And yet, they place ALL of the blame on the Republican Governor! Keeping #Flint on the #DemocratPlantation
Look at all his TRAITOROUS  CO CONSPIRATORS  !!
Oh good god go read a real book or something. Crazy's not welcome here.
C O W A R D
Enjoy getting your ass grilled like a hotdog today.
Republican hypocrites are saying Dems are just trying to tarnish Pruitt. As if this jackass needs any help.
Here's my list of people most deserving to get punched in the face. 1) Scott Pruitt.                           2) don jr.                                                   3) paul ryan.                                          4) Mitch McConnell
Betsy devos. 
Jeff Sessions
Trump.
I guess everyone has a list lmao


1 is too many.
Why not try and pinot the oil spills from places like keystone?
You cut regulations controling water purity/air purity. Shame on you
Flint Michigan.

Still does not have safe drinking water.

How come, Scott Pruitt?
𝗛𝗼𝘄 is he still in office? A total conman dating back to Okla. State Senate days, Pruitt's used govt connections throughout his career to steal from taxpayers & make himself & crooked pals like Kenneth Wagner & Albert Kelly wealthy. He 𝗜𝗦 the swamp
Good job...stop taking money from water to give raises.  Please stop doing unethical things.
Finally thinking about the good people of Flint, Michigan. I say it’s about time dumbass.
If you enacted and enforced all of the clean waters acts of past years that would work too. You are a disaster.
Please sign this:
Step down Scumbsg
How about sending that to Flint  and it will eradicate lead in drinking water!

MI: If you think Pruitt is going to fix your water, you need to speak with people of Tahlequah, OK. Pruitt canceled regulations to allow upstream chicken farms to dump waste into a river, which polluted it. Area Code: 918, Prefix: 456. Add any 4 last numbers and ask anyone.

Oh, so now ur suddenly concerned w/ our health? You are so corrupt it sickens me! Heard you lie to @edhenry about raises for yr aides, then gave testimony that it wasn't you who ordered the $45K phone booth. For God's sake, when will u man up & take responsibility for yr actions?
Good Morning- millions of honest Americans hope you will be sent packing after your hearings today. You’re behaving like an arrogant, greedy child. Shame on you. #BootPruittToday #FirePruittToday #corrupt #liar #UnfitForOffice Bad for the environment. Bad for health 
Let’s hope the outrage is heavily directed at Pruitt’s sneaky backroom deals with the extraction industry, rather than his flagrant spending on first class travel and secret phone booths. But I’ll take what I can get if he is gone for good. Same for Zinke.
Agreed- seems Zinke’s ego is outgrowing his guilded doors and office. Pruitt is beyond corrupt and needs to be checked and fired 
I fear the focus on dollars misspent clouds the more critical corruption issues. IMHO.
Scott Pruitt is threat to the health of all Americans.  Pruitt needs to be fired immediately.
#ScottPruitt  RESIGN  RESIGN. #ScottPruitt  RESIGN  RESIGN. #ScottPruitt  RESIGN  RESIGN. #ScottPruitt  RESIGN  RESIGN. #ScottPruitt  RESIGN  RESIGN. #ScottPruitt  RESIGN  RESIGN. #ScottPruitt  RESIGN  RESIGN. #ScottPruitt  RESIGN  RESIGN. #ScottPruitt  RESIGN  RESIGN.
Pruitt you shouldn’t have fired the scientists that were working for the EPA
Let’s eliminate waste in travel, wasted tax dollars for unnecessary “cones of silence,” attacks on rational thought and scientific inquiry, self-dealing in government, and Pruitt’s politically-motivated and dangerous ravaging of important environmental regulations.
Maybe you should first resign and then pay back we tax payers for all of the money you blew on your extravagance, after this, shut up, go away, and never be heard from again.
You, sir, are a disgrace to decency, honor & caring for your fellow man.
Pruitt, every time I see u on tv I feel like I took a dip in the sewer.  
You have to , he won’t fix it
Internal EPA document obtained by NYT details key strategy for @EPAScottPruitt as he faces two House hearings Thursday: BLAME OTHERS!. 

NYT Exclusive by @LFFriedman & @CoralMDavenport
Could you please announce you're resigning?
Just announced after your complete disaster today...look in the mirror to see the worst fracking government employee ever!
I am disgusted that you are attempting to remove science from common sense regulating of air and water quality.  Killing thousands with increased pollution is not your job.
All things done in the dark, always comes to light. Yours is coming to light & history will put you in your place. You’re a fraud. I hope this is a long painful ending for you. Your career is over & your name is ruined. Enough. Resign already. #FirePruittNow
Lol
Show us what ya got! The water delivery pipes in Flint, MI need to be removed and replaced. The Canadian owned Enbridge line 5 under the straits of Mackinac needs to be retired, removed and relocated.
Oooo. A whole $4million! Wow. Can the EPA afford this crazy spending???
Meanwhile, People in Flint, Michigan are saying... "Really? Do you mean it will help us find more lead???" Get rid of this loser!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flint_water_crisis … …
#FirePruitt #FirePruittNow https://twitter.com/douginlondon/status/989720781377552386/photo/1pic.twitter.com/HgmZRibpgL 
Complain to senate Abt him and Congress.  He needs to be tossed out.
You're a sad little man!!!
Man, Pruitt takes no responsibility for anything. The buck doesnt stop with him it seems. https://twitter.com/mirandacgreen/status/989536576643444736 …
and a crook and a liar!!!
Do a shot every time Pruitt lies to Congress today. You’ll be drunk in 3 minutes.
Don't tell me that you're actually planning to use SCIENCE. That's a first! Most of your decisions have been based on someone WANTS and facts. However, that 4M will probably increase our deficit because of poorly thought out tax reform. Where do you plan to get this 4M?

NARCISSISTIC S O C I O P A T H. #PruittMustGo #FirePruitt
Be a man and resign! If you love our country, resign!
He loves money.
Of all the deeply corrupt & immoral people in this administration & there so many, you are one of the worst. Without protecting the earth, nothing else matters but greed is the only important factor for you. You need to be jailed & not running one of the most important depts.
time to resign L I A R!
Scott Pruitt said on Fox News that he didn’t know about the huge pay raises for two of his staffers. But then he admitted to Congress that he did. In other administrations, this could be a fireable offense.
https://www.cnn.com/2018/04/26/politics/scott-pruitt-raises-employees/index.html …
Way to eliminate lead from drinking water:
Step 1 - Create law prohibiting mining companies from dumping poisons into lakes and rivers.
Step 2 - Enforce those laws with fines and jail time for senior executives of companies which violate the law.
Step 3 - There is no need for 3.

Pruitt is lying to Congress. Somebody approved it. There are Congressional limits (I think $5,000) on how much can be spent on remodeling. If true in the case of EPA, someone broke the law if OMB didn't approve it.
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/emails-show-ben-carson-was-selective-about-furniture-hud-was-asked-to-install-home-security/ …
#BootPruitt #BootPruitt #BootPruitt 
#BootPruitt #BootPruitt #BootPruitt
Flint Michigan has NO potable water.
Just like our lard ass prez......blame everyone else for your stupidity and ineptness.
#BootPruitt
Do us all a favor and resign. We taxpayers are not your personal piggy bank! We're going to be paying to clean up the mess you've made of our environment long after you're gone. Meanwhile you install a soundproof phone booth in your office. You've got to be kidding me, Agent 86.
RESIGN
Will you commit to having your family drink water with coal ash in it for the next few years? If you won’t force them to drink it, why are you trying to force others’ families to drink it?
*points you in the direction of Flint, MI*
Did you stipulate they can't use science in their study?
Can we invest in eliminating Scott Pruitt from the EPA? It would save the tax payers millions
That technology already exists. What we need is a bullshit detector that will tell us which politicians are ready and willing to assist corporations in poisoning the populace through our air, water and soil. Politicians like YOU.
How About Eliminating This & Stopping It, Again Today This Morning.

Problem s, research proj trivial 4 competent chemist! Already done! How about 4M for new pipes in Flint? This is dumb decision a non scientist would make running epa! @SenWhitehouse @SenJeffMerkley @SenateDems 
Can't wait 2 see what 4M buys n research on trivial project! I bet 0!
I worked in automation n sensors! One phone call, give me 4 million, ill install a nationwide detection system n all major cities hooked up to read data from my iPhone! U just greased your weak chemists to do nothing BC project s trivial science! Done and done! U payed 4 loyalty!
Why does Flint Michigan still have toxic lead in the drinking water after 3 years?

Because Pruitt does not run an effective organization. His motives are personal and party.
For the sake of the Earth, please resign
Resign please
That's way less than you spend on yourself!
The only thing you should be announcing is your resignation. #GOPCorruption
Remorse much yet?
Today's hearing is a disaster. Pruitt needs to quit or be fired.

Lawmaker to Pruitt: Do you have any remorse? @CNNPolitics https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2018/04/26/scott-pruitt-rep-anna-eshoo-remorse-sot.cnn …
as they should! Most corrupt administration ever!
#Sad You're a crook and a liar!!!
Beleaguered EPA chief Scott Pruitt attacks media for reporting on his troubles http://bit.ly/2FmznOE  
Your employees all hate you and you are astonishingly corrupt. Resign.

#BootPruitt #resign You waste taxpayer $$$ and HARM our environment. #GoHome
Let’s also immediately stop the poisoning of our people, air, land and water by the daily frequent chemtrails in America’s skies!
But yet... Michigan continues to have to provide bottled water for many citizens. Studies are nice. ACTION is needed. Maybe less time wasting tax payer money on private jets, and more on actually cleaning up the environment.
Why don't you try regulations to #prevent #poisoning #aquifers, instead of cleaning the water later! That will put the cost of prevention on business, as opposed to #TAXPAYING CITIZENS being #responsible for cleaning what was PURE #water before being poisoned by bidness!
Please eradicate yourself from the EPA and government. You place corporations over constituents and can twist the words all you like to sound like you're being helpful but you do not have the Ameican's people interest at heart.
Scott Pruitt Is Either A Liar Or Grossly Incompetenthttps://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/opinion-bardella-scott-pruitt_us_5ae083d4e4b061c0bfa3fc84
How much did you give yourself ? How do you limit science for an office that is tottaly based on science are you an idot ?
just look at that gummy bear smile
Is it a SCIF..now you say it is NOT a SCIF. But in December it WAS a SCIF. Please do explain the mystery of the SCIF...crook


I have to question everything this guy is spending. He's having a field day with our taxes
Plot twist: $3.9 mil goes into airfare.  Also - you’re terrible.
Hey scumbag, how’s about you stop poisoning our environment, selling off our national parks & monuments, & lining your own pockets with taxpayer $??? Huh?? I loom forward to your resignation ( or forcible removal). #PruittMustGo #PruittResign
This 11 year old is better at your job than you are.
Pruitt is a corrupt, lying and arrogant stain on our environment, country and Constitution. He needs to be fired! #BootPruitt
.@EPAScottPruitt, your legacy will be profits for your cronies and cancer clusters for the rest of us.
Resign, grifter.
Jesus abhors shitholes, shithole.
You would think we live in a dictatorship with crooks like Pruitt running agencies. There is no accountability anymore. Hopefully he won't do too much damage to the environment.
What about this LOW LIFE???!!!!  
EPA drops rule requiring mining companies to have money to clean up pollution..............Another of your many messes that NEEDS TO GET CLEANED UP!!!! We arent paying you to play games!!!!
I think you handle your C-Span2 very well .....
#ResignNow
Scott Pruitt gonna get the boot!
In an echo of past controversies, @EPAScottPruitt initially denied approving salary hikes for his top aides, but admitted he did so when questioned before Congress.
RESIGN!  You are a disgrace and wasting public money!
If you had any decency, you would #RESIGN
Resign and pay back the damn taxpayers you corrupt disgrace
You're full of shit! How's that $43,000 secure phone? Bet it looks just like this!
Resign, you arrogant, entitled crook.
Well @EPAScottPruitt Thinks fish live in the ocean pissing and shitting all over the oceans water nothing wrong with them so he asked the American people not to worry about that shit and piss Dumped in our environment by his comrades the large corporations
What a waste of $4M! Want to detect lead in water? Dozens of over the counter products at your disposal. Want to eliminate exposure? Replace the pipes.  Get to work if you’re not going to resign.

Mr Pruitt has committed himself to undoing as many Obama-era environmental regulations as he can https://econ.st/2r6DjxP 
Why are you still there?

Pack up and leave, now. 

You did no good to the environment, spent money deliriously, and proved your incompetency beyond a shadow of a doubt.
I just started following you to keep an eye on one of the most Evil men in our world. You don't give a damn about anything that supports a healthy environment. I hope you burn in Hell if there is one.
Yeah great! How about Flint? 2yrs and counting. Maybe he can send Virginia bottled water tp Flint with his picture on it.
#pussygrabber
http://thehill.com/policy/energy-environment/384636-pruitt-signs-proposed-rule-to-erase-secret-science-from-agency …  shove it Pruitt.
Can you please resign? Pretty please?

How many universities are equipped to test drinking water for lead and contaminants?
Swamp Monster.
What is the company paying you, or are they renting you a place for cheap? Can I borrow your Cone of Silence?

Scott Pruitt headed to the corner store 

Icahn bailed Trump out of his casino mess and is under DoJ investigation for his role in influencing biofuels policy. This waiver enables Icahn's company to avoid tens of millions of dollars in costs related to U.S. Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS), a program meant to cut pollution. …
I understand this may be a silly question but if you say that you have nothing to hide nothing at all to hide, then why the f*** do you have a soundproof phone booth in your office? Seriously? One could say because you're a liar?

#LiarLiarPantsOnFire 
Your lack of ethics is beyond concerning.  It is sickening.
Is this a photo of you, Scott Pruitt in front of law makers today?
Why, oh why, when congresswomen/men express real concerns about pollution, air quality, water quality and our responsabilities towards futur generations, you always give the "don't give a fuck" face ?
COME ON!
#PruittCrookLiar #Resist
Maybe you should worry about FLINT MICHIGAN FIRST?
Oh wait. That city is just too dark for it to make any difference to you, huh?
So what you're really saying is that you just pocketed 4 mill. of our money right?
and what about Flint Michigan?????
FU and Trump!
I hope your staff knows what kind of shit you are and does everything possible to ruin you every day of your short lived secretariat.
Hey scotty, write the American taxpayers a check for all of you abuses and then get the hell out of here!
It doesn't matter what these idiots say because the repugs are going to ask him easy little questions so nothing's going to happen until we take over in November and then look out you repost we're coming after you
You are a bought and paid for liar. I hope you live long enough to be poisoned by your bought and paid for land!

you are busted it's only a matter of time before he buries you like he did the other's. The truth will be told and anybody who thinks otherwise is a fool I think you already know what's ahead for your Best Bets to tell the damn truth don't accept his fat check and loyalty my ass
Who’s the dude behind you’re left shoulder at your hearing he’s chewing gum or some, he looks like a COW chewing it’s cud. I would have thought you’d bring a $ .


@realDonaldTrump Nice pick for EPA!     NEXT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You’re going straight to hell buddy!

Hi Scottie, who’s buying you lunch today? An oil lobbyist or a Sooner looking for something. Nice day for you to put your hands on an ounce of integrity. Won’t cost you anything. You are 1 ethically challenged  person with limited skills. Embarrassing
You are not even trying to hide your corruption. Blatant, in your face, South American style kind of idiocy!
You are an educated man, therefore you KNOW that the Romans were aware of lead poisoning in water. Yet here we are in America acting like it's a new idea? #bootPruitt

Pure Trumpian Leadership: break the rules; take no responsibility; and always blame others. Pruitt is showing he has the stuff to be Donald’s running mate in 2020. https://twitter.com/politico/status/990038157990252544 …

This guy's not only KILLING our PLANET...he's emptying our POCKETS.  It's not the WEALTHY-who just got YUGE TAX CUTS-who pay. It's US...1st paying for a 41,000 sound proof phone booth-WHY?-now for massive security detail? Apparently LOTS of people HATE @EPAScottPruitt …
When will you be resigning? Or will you wait to be fired by @realDonaldTrump? Too corrupt, even for him.
Theocrat.
You are spending $4M to research how to use an AA and to tell people not to drink no the water that was polluted by one of Czar Trump and Scott Blew-it’s best friends?  More waste from Czar Trump’s administration.
Is this b4 or after the water  was poisoned  by U
Just resign... you have embarrassed us enough
Any mention of this disaster???   Why not. ?????    @realDonaldTrump looking after the oil industry and his wallet

Dear @EPAScottPruitt: FYI

https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.usatoday.com/amp/559589002 …

You are a dead man walking
All your deregulations, rollbacks, greed, and manipulations make the planet worse. Leave your platform for someone who cares about the world.
Bad luck today in your hearings, Airhead.  Break a leg.
Dont the have that already?
Its called replace the old pipes, stop groundwater pollution, and test the water.
All things you seem to be against.
Mutant alert!
we need you gone you trump pence and the rest of the Reps, total threat to America and earth
Flint could have used this years ago. 
You never mentioned them.
I guess that’s all that is left after your cone of silence, first class flights , luxury living
Disgrace. #FirePruittNow
#DOGLIVESMATTER
And I’m sure the research is targeted at righting the idiotic policies that you have initiated, pipelines endangering waterways, mining runoff into rivers, and expansion into reserve areas..you BOZO!
Just announced that EPA’s new policy on using science is actually a retread of the appalling HONEST Act so that only well behaved industry funded science can be used in developing regulations. Bye-bye, Six Cities Study!
@POTUS This clown must go. #grifter #pruittmustgo
#Resign #BootPruitt
Sooooooo... just one million more than you spent on your security detail last year?? #BootPruitt
#DrainTheSwamp #ScottSwampyPruitt #TheWHIsTheSwamp
Resign
Too little too late;  damage is done.  Resign!
Whenever I see your face, I emit toxic gas. Could you give me $4M to clean that up?
God bless you Scott Pruitt please never get discouraged because The Real Americans are behind you 100% we love POTUS
Pruitt, you are responsible for all elements of your dept, including your expensive “phone booth” man up!!
Wow. A whole $4 million?  Almost as much as your travel expense & corrupt deals!  #resign
You’re a national joke.
Scott Pruitt headed to the corner store 
Get a spine and face the public-- get out of the planes' first class seats, on the public's dime OR get our of the job.  How dare you take an expensive  extra security detail to Disney World or any other vacation.  WE NEED THAT $$ FOR CLEAN AIR & WATER,  NOT FOR YOUR COMFORT.

We demand that Scott Pruitt resign as head of the EPA http://petitions.moveon.org/s/eK81O=  @moveon
Help get @EPAScottPruitt out of office by signing on to this quick & easy petition everyone! 
…
Nothing in your tweets about your overspending taxpayer $$$?  You are either a liar or dumb!  You asked for a new soundproof room.  You try to convince us you don't know it will cost way more than the $5k that can be spent without further approval?  So you let others approve it!
Sir you need to resign ASAP. You're the king of waste fraud and abuse.
I trust Scott Pruitt as far as I can throw a piano.  I am female and 132 lbs.  I forgot ... I am 5'7" and 85 years.  Pruitt is another one of Trump's flunkies.  He almost can keep up the Trump's lies, too.
You in trouble 
how thick is ur skin?
Great New Yorker article, facts about Dirty Politics!
Pruitt blamed his aides for installing a $43,000 privacy booth in his office and approving more than $100,000 in first-class flights for him. Maybe they’ll get smart and leak what REALLY happened to the press.
When are you resigning?  You are an embarrassment, unqualified and obviously cannot be trusted.  Resign
