The irony of this tweet is stunning.
You stand behind  a vile cruel man and take God's name in vain as you prop up this evil president.  Your weakness and lack of ethics is a stain on your Christian faith. God is not mocked!  Stop it!
True

Hypocrite!

You know he would be against everything you stand for today, right? Take care of people, not businesses. Let people live in freedom, not under tyranny of fake religiosity. Don't you dare talk about what Dr. King's example with your track record of harmful public service.
Wow you people won't even let someone honor MLK...I'm white, I happen to respect MLK and always have...
Honoring with lip service words and no deeds is empty hollow honor
Such hatred
No, it’s “holding accountable”
Funny, both Trump and Pence we're around when Dr. King was alive, no pics of them marching with him. But Bernie Sanders on the other hand.
Lmao take a second look who was for the civil rights movement and who wasn’t.
You do realize that since that time, the Democratic party has changed it's views and representation of African Americans right? Look who's party the KKK and white supremacists currently reside in. I don't care who's party created them, I care where the currently reside.
1924 Democrat National Convention. The Democrats were pro- slavery, pro- eugenics, anti- civil rights movement and pro segregation.  Still the party of dividing people by race.

.See, the difference between you and Dr. MLK is that HE loved all people. You only like straight white people. You really should #ResignNOW based on your overall suckiness.

His words ring hollow in your south!!! Don’t you try to compare his faith and practice of that faith with your and your followers faith is nowhere near the same! You weak willed faith compromised dip!
God & Jesus said we were all brother and sisters as humanity 1000's of years before MLK, jr did.
Black History Month honors #MK50
Did you care about this when you criticized black men for kneeling?
Sure as hell not because when those men took the knee they disrespected the very right to do so
Troll
What are you ?
Not a troll without facts or logic and can spell.
Uh, you walked out of an NFL game to protest people protesting racism.
Uh so what does this have to do with honoring MLK
He's a hypocrite. He posts this tweet in an attempt to show himself as a man who shares King's ideals yet his actions prove otherwise.
That's your story and you're sticking to it...got it
So you're a coward who blocks when presented with ideals that don't conform to your right wing nonsense? Gotcha.

Have a nice day Deb.
See Cat, that's where you're wrong, I just get tired of your stupid BS that you put out there constantly..it's all attack attack attack....it gets old real fast..but if it makes you feel better, we'll just say you got me! 
Dr King would be taking a knee along with the players, and marching with Black Lives Matter.  He was the inspiration to fight and protest for rights.
Regina, you have 1 message and 1 new notification on Facebook:
Keep his name out of your bigoted mouth.
You speak of what you are too young to have experienced.
Our President and Vice President are God-fearing men just as MLK was. MLK would have embraced our President and VP and would be appalled at disrespect shown our Country by the actions of "kneelers" irregardless of skin.

Clever.
SOME of it happens to be true in a tongue in cheek kinda way, but in His literal teachings Christ said, "An eye for an eye", regarding crimes. Regarding homosexuality He labeled it an "abomination before God".
Galations 1:15, Jeremiah1:5, Psalm 139: life in the womb.
Matthew (5:38-42) Jesus *repudiates* eye for an eye. "Ye have heard that it hath been said, An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth: But I say unto you, That ye resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.
You are right. I used that Scripture out of context. I apologize. It was not intentional.
You spit on his dream every day. You aren’t worthy to utter his name.
Your very comment disgraces the message of MLK the God-fearing preacher.
Our VP and President are God-fearing men. 
Are you? @chuckhoward50
You should be asking trump, nothing Christian about him outside of saying he is. Actions speak louder than words
The only way you know him is by world of mouth from the liberal media. @dioz
Word of mouth...spell ck
Its surprising you would be praising his “courageous example” when you clearly don’t admire it in NFL players.  
It's impossible to honor disrespect shown our troops, flag, Country, anthem, etc...
They're doing none of these things. It's a smear. This attitude towards protesters has historically been the same and never changes.
There are more effective, less disrespectful ways to protest police brutality.
The kneel was a sign of respect decided upon after Kaepernick had a meeting with veteran Nate Boyer. You will never be satisfied with any protest and will always find reasons to say it's disrespectful. It's an excuse.
I protest. I am not a yes woman. If lies are being told, I stand against it. If misunderstanding or intolerance exists, I try to bring clarity and find common ground, and when people like you are spuing insults against the President and VP with no basis in fact, I will speak out.
You literally are spreading lies and conjecture about the NFL protests. So are Trump and Pence. Feel free to tell me where I was "spuing" insults with "no basis in fact". I corrected your misinterpretation of the "disrespect" with an article from
No conjecture. Just saying that the way they are protesting is disrespectful of our Country and those who serve and protect through military service.
If I misunderstood or was harsh towards your words against the VP and President seeing them as insulting, that is how it sounded.
Check this out, Mike.
Ummm that would be your side bro
Bro is a diverse ethnic slang. It appears you want to embrace diversity. May GOD do a radical change in your heart.  God bless!
Bahahahahahaha losers
In "block mode" today 

I will pray for you Deb, with all the lords might. We will fix you and put you on the path to righteousness.
Laughable that anyone would believe thus is a real profile.
His courageous example and his faith inspired more than just Americans ... his name is legendary throughout the globe ...
MLK was a wonderful man..
MLK was a wonderful man who dedicated his life to fighting against absolutely everything that you believe in and stand for.
So now you know my thoughts and beliefs, yet you've never met me...interesting
Deb, have you read your twitter profile?
What exactly in it is against what Dr. Kung stood for? Seems more like you dislike President Trump and skew everything through that filter.
Who is Dr. Kung?
Have someone read my follow-up correction of the typo to you as you seem incapable of doing so. Not surprised... liberal lemmings and "shiny objects"...
Do you know what a hypocrite is?
You support a President who defended White Suprematists, called Mexicans rapists, referred to African countries as shitholes. Way to live MLKs values.
Oh, yes! Let's act like my administration cares about #MLK while we try to unravel everything he supported! So smart!!!
Says the asshole who left a ball game because black players knelt in protest.
You honor nothing.
I agree with the Vice President Dr. King was a great Man.
Go back to smoking @realDonaldTrump pole
You wouldn’t care about MLK if he hadn’t been a Christian. #spareus
Just like the left using kids to promote their gun control!! Hum, the same thing Hitler did before he took away all their guns!!! #FACTS
LIAR.
Racists should not pretend to respect or admire MLK. It is unbelievable and disgraceful.
Man Shut up,no one cares what you or your orange supervisor has to say,especially when this administration is doing just the opposite of what Dr.King stood for and died for.
...King preached acceptance and you want to pray away gays.
Oh shut up.

I bet you threw up, just a little, in your mouth while tweeting that.
James 2:14-26
Faith without works is dead.  Your faith is necrotic. Through your actions, you've proven yourself unworthy to quote the word. Your love of power is revolting.  Your use of dead faith to promote it is a mortal sin.
Mark 12:30-31, Mark 7:9, Exodus 20:2-6, John 4:24
24/7, 19 man, 19 car, $2 mill security
Sound proof phone booth
1st class travel
Private jets
$50 a night lobbyist landlord
Shady raises for his cronies
Strafing environment
Big business shill
Climate change denier
All the lies

Begs the question… shouldn't Trump #FirePruittNow?
You wouldn’t get MLK if he came back to slap you upside that empty head.
Your boss
How dare you speak of King’s legacy when you are a part of a virulent racist administration.
But, not really.
You are a disgrace to the man and the dream. #FakeChristian
Wow, what a hypocrite you are. Ugh....
I implore you to educate yourself on Dr. King then please do some serious self reflection.
50 years ago his life was cut short by people that vote Republican. Let THAT sink in.
Honoring him by fighting for everything he OPPOSED? I don't think you get it.
But if players peacefully protest police brutality and social injustice against POC at an NFL game you leave early???
Why did you do a staged walkout at stadium for an effort that is true to MLK's nonviolent quest for justice and then post this?
Absolutely no one thinks you care a hoot about MLK
Your boss Donald Trump is a racist who thinks white supremacists are very fine people
#ResistTrump 
#NotMyPresident 
@realDonaldTrump @PressSec @IvankaTrump @Trump @GOP @GOPChairwoman
Shilling 
Real shame that 50 years later the VP of the United States of America is a racist homophobic.
You understand that MLK would be disgusted by you and your boss, don't you?
Hypocrites, the whole lot of you
I'll pass. I respect King, but not the Kommie King Kultists who leech off his nemory and browbeat guys like you into PC submission. Just look at the comments from all the left-wing loons criticizing you for HONORING King. Fuck them. Don't give them the satisfaction
Stoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooop.

You make me sick.

How do you honor People of Color? Seriously, give me one example how you have help minorities. GOP is against people of color through voter suppression efforts and gerrymandering. Make Election Day a National holiday. 
You want to honor"the man and the dream?" How about every one of you imept, corrupt and self serving members of this Administration resign! Starting with you! #MLK50 #VoteThemOUT #TrumpCrimeFamily #ComplicitGOP
How have you and der führer occupying the @WhiteHouse EVER honored #DrMartinLutherKingJr? All you both do is indicate how you FEAR people of color especially African Americans.

#BlackLivesMatter 

#trumpPoliciesAreAwful #GOPpoliciesSTINK
#trumpSTINKS

#PenceIsAPhonyXtian
You don’t give a shit about racial injustice or you wouldn’t have walked out of NFL game when BLACK players took a knee for racial injustice. #fakechristian #MLK50
Words are cheap. Let your actions honor Dr. King's life by upholding the American ideals of equality and acceptance of ALL people. #mountaintop
I think we can say pretty safely that he would be ashamed of you, your boss, your actions and the whole #birther movement.
I hope his dream comes true soon..Hopefully ppl will wake up and realize that they are being used by politicians.They say what we wanna hear than leave us to defend for ourselves while they pocket millions.smfh. God Bless Dr. MLK
MLK would be speaking out against fakers like you and Pence.
CAUCASITY!!!!! BEST TERM I'VE HEARD ALL YEAR
You,, meanwhile, are the epitome of a hypocristian.

This guy....

https://www.politico.com/amp/story/2018/04/06/pruitt-was-the-kato-kaelin-of-capitol-hill-505658?__twitter_impression=true …
Many people here claim to respect MLK but are unwilling to say, without reservation, "black lives matter" or otherwise align themselves with people of color.
Pence would not have aligned himself with MLK back then and he doesn't align himself with POC now. His post is a farce.
Shame on you. Puppet.
Gross. Go away fool.
Were there good people on both sides of that.... or is that a question for spanky the pussy grabber. By the way, you're a terrible person. 
HOW DARE YOU @VP
SPEAK THE NAME MLKJr. 
out of your bigoted and hypocritical mouth!

This ones for you!!!

@Drea_Dehuete
@MtPerfectfit
@MagsBitchs
@AndTheBandAides 
@VanJones68 
@Kaepernick7 
@JoeyJacksonEsq
Hold the line! The leftists attack because you're over the target. Don't give them an inch.
Hollow words from someone who hates anyone who isn't a rich, white christian.
And tomorrow you will completely forget
50 years ago today, Dr. King's life was tragically cut short - but that did not stop his immortal words, his courageous example and his faith from inspiring generations of Americans. Today we honor the man and the Dream. #MLK50
If you truly believed Martin Luther King's words you would practice them
We as a People don't need your fake words of acknowledgement of Dr. King.

You do know that Martin Luther King wouldn’t stand up and leave an NFL game because black players are kneeling in protest for the injustice happening all over America. Don’t tweet out about Martin Luther King because you want to be socially right. 

…
I live in Indiana,Pence! We know you're a racists
Too bad it hasn't inspired any of our current republican leaders to be better men & women, to really value their Chrisitan heritage, where love for all and honesty & truth matter.
And you inspire Americans with your bigotry, including wanting to rid the world of LGBTQ people? You're a mealy-mouthed hypocrite who will never be a fraction of the man that King was.
Who wrote that for you, Mike?
You of all people cannot possibly be serious.
Blah! Blah! Blah!
Hey zealot, didn’t you leave an NFL game because the players took a knee during the National Anthem? Your hypocrisy bears the scent of your rotting sense of morality.
You do know MLK was black - and he would have been disgusted with the way you, the Trump, and the GOP have treated all people of color
You two are some of the most hypocritical pos.
Don’t soil his legacy with your grimy paws.
Racist fake Christian Mike Pence lies all the time, it is disgusting. Pence does everything he can to betray God and works to undo all the good that MLK did. Pence wants Americans to suffer and die. Pruitt gladly helps in that goal trying to make the air and water polluted.
He got killed when he was standing up for oppressed workers and condemning the Vietnam War. How do you really feel about that? We know how you feel because your policies oppress workers and creat war.
Pence is a racist bigot and always has been...he most likely had to Google MLK in order to praise him.

You spit on his dream by serving as vice president to a man who has no principles at all
I bet MLK could be in a room with a woman who wasn’t his wife.

You support a racist Potus ! Your words mean nothing.
What have you done to improve race relations in America?
You're nothing but a coward.
Yes
Please do try and honor mlk and the legacy of civil rights he was a part of. Next time you go to a nfl game and people are protesting the same thing... maybe sit and watch the protest, rather than running away
@VP
@VP if you think for one hot second that ANYONE is fooled by your empty tribute or the honoring from the orange skidmark @POTUS @realDonaldTrump, then YOU are the ONLY one being fooled... #NotBuyingIt

Sir a bit of honesty for once. 
If Martin Lurther King Jr was alive today.
 Trump & his cohort would be saying he is from Kenya demanding he show his Birth cert. All the while  YOU Mr Pence, McConnell & Ryan standing right by Trump side in total silence.
Didn’t you leave a sporting event because of a non-violent protest?
Hi Mike. You seem to be yoked to a non-believer who fornicates with porn stars & Playmates.

Your silence implies that you actually condone this biblically SINFUL behavior.

What are your thoughts as a devout Christian on #StormyDaniels, McDougal, #GrabEmByThePussy?

#ADULTERY
Let me guess the response is "crickets"...or maybe a mulligan?
Nah I responded.
Again #Trump fell for your lies. You are making a fool of him. #ScottPruitt
Houston, we have a problem. Buzzfeed’s @JasonLeopold submitted a Freedom of Information Act request to EPA for records of any death threats against Pruitt and was told there were zero records. https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/982822339502108672 …
It's  awful that you would mention  his name. Bad people do bad things
You belittled those who took a knee in exactly the sort of non-violent protest that King advocated. You support a President who called white supremacists "very fine people". You have no idea how to honor Dr. King, and you aren't fit to speak his name.
@StateDept what are you doing to end the state sanctioned killing of black people in this country?
Imagine how Dr King would feel about you, a man who courted and embraced white supremacists for no other reason than to gain power and money. If you want to pay respect to Dr King, actions speak louder than empty words.
Was that really you in the Easter Bunny costume? I’ll bet that thing was hot.
Pleezzzzz.   Is this a post from the Onion?

You left an NFL game early because players knelt during the national anthem. https://twitter.com/vp/status/981521924969857025 …
Saying it and doing it are two different things..save your speeches...neither you,Trump, or anyone bought and paid for by the NRA should ever speak MLK’S name..btw..it was an assassin’s bullet that took his life..I’m betting it was an an assault rifle..you think?
Actually it was a Remington Model 760 pump action centerfire rifle. Which a very surface level Google search told me. A “sniper type assassination.” Very quick to blame things on “assault rifles” without getting any information.
Was this one of those tweets that maybe sounded better and more convincing in your head? It's going over like a leaden lead balloon.
Kaepernick ring a bell? You’re a Hypocrite and Dr. King would rebuke you and the President.
Your words don't honor anybody. Except "mother." #Penceiscomplicit #russiagate
You and your parents were probably in the background of those photos screaming at him and calling the cops when the "colored people" showed up at the soda shops. GTFO.
How dare you speak about Dr. King when you are working every day to undermine what he stood for -- peace, justice, equality.
If you really want to honor MLK, then you should stop the gerrymandering your party implements to keep power, restore voting rights, stop your Racist Elf on a Shelf Attorney General from trying to create Jim Crow 2018 and tamp your boss down on all his bigoted policies.
Dr. King was not the man you think he was. 

His rhetoric was not hateful toward gay people, as yours consistently has been. 

He did not worship and protect statues of Confederate leaders fighting for the institution of slavery, as you have.
You are so superficial and disingenuous Mr. Vice President.
Then why did you leave a football game after blacks knelt in protest? It was & is their right to do so.
But black men kneeling was too much for you.
It wasn't about their race.  I know its hard for liberals to grasp but conservatives aren't thinking about the color of the person's skin 24/7.
It was all about their race! The whole thing was started because black men are being killed in the streets!  Had nothing to do with patriotism like conservatives likes to make up. You’re racist, you support racists and I have a problem with that.
Harvard study showed there was no racial bias in police shootings.  Again liberals look at race first, and look for race to be the cause of most issues.
Nice try honey, facts matter.
How bout raw numbers from he FBI?
Wait wait... I thought the FBI was crooked! I thought the whole investigative arm of govt. was crooked. You don’t get it both ways. So the FBI is on the up and up, you can’t yell foul anymore at Trump admin investigation. A little assistance @frankomathias
You...You walked out of a football game because players were kneeling and protesting racial injustice.
He represented his faith well. Didn't try and reinvent Jesus to fit a man like Trump.
Lies.
Honor these nuts, you left a football game because people were protesting everything MLK was. Your words are meaningless and so are you
You wouldn’t have hesitated a moment to throw him in prison
#MLKJr would have fought against you and everything you represent. And he’d have taken a knee with @Kaepernick7 #HypocritePence
You have no right to use the great Dr. King’s name in a sentence until you have purged yourself of your vile racism.
Yeah, you’re all about folks that protest.
#FirePruittNow
Dr. King spoke of unity. 
Trump tried to deport Muslims.
Where you been hiding fool?
Article: EPA insiders bemoan low point in agency's history: 'People are so done'
Hypocrite much?
You both have some nerve hypocritically praising Dr. King’s work when you don’t believe a word of it!!
Keep Dr. King's name out of your mouth. You are fake.
Nothing you have done, are doing, or will do honors Dr. King. You are the antithesis of everything he stood and fought for. Enough with the rote tweets and statements saying you honor and remember him.
your profile pic is me when I see beta PC libtards like you
First of all, you are pure garbage and menacingly conservative. I’m sure MLK would be equally repulsed by your presence. Second, all positive forward movement in this country is a direct result of opposing you and your administration so clock yourself.
I hope mike pence reads his mentions bc you just straight up ROASTED him
great words coming from a racist.
You would have smirked
Keep Dr. King's name out of your mouth Pence. You have no right & are not allowed the privilege to say his name nor speak about him. Go back to Trump & your sheet wearing cowardly supporters & #LeaveMLKoutofyourmouth


Very well said..
He would have hated your policies and the administration you're a part of. Fix yourself.

You staged a protest exit of an NFL game because some players kneeled during the anthem, Dr King would be kneeling with them.
While doing everything you can to unravel his progress and disgrace his legacy.
Said the VP of the single most racist admin since the 1850s
Nope! Obama was racist!
Nope!
You are a National Disgrace & Evangelical Hypocrite and should never sully Dr. Martin Luther King's legacy with empty words We do not believe. #MLK50 #MarchForOurLives #WomensMarch #MarchforScience #MarchForTruth #MeToo #LGBTQ #EmptyThePews #TakeAKnee #EnoughIsEnough #Resist
You are a disgrace to his memory.
