@EPAScottPruitt proposal that would limit the type of scientific studies & data the agency can use in crafting public health & environmental regulations. 
Companies could evade accountability for pollution they create by declaring information about that pollution a trade secret

1) Arrogant, lying, sneaky @EPAScottPruitt took more than $105,000 worth of first class flights during his first nine months as administrator, but the agency did not appear to turn over the waivers that are federally required to allow him to take flights in an upgraded cabin.
2) it does not appear that those waivers were turned over to the committee when the EPA gave it nine months' worth of travel records on Tuesday. According to Politico, Pruitt has spent more than $105,000 on first class travel.

Wow, can you feel the love from the AGW sheep?  This is the Randy, frothing voice of the wacko left.  This is why the fringe elements of society cannot be allowed the reigns of power again.
Ranting.  Thank you spell check.

You have accomplished nothing except making our water, air, and soil toxic.  I sincerely hope that there is a hell so that you can go there.
No accomplishments, just another day ruining the environment and steeling money! And in every photo you look guilty of something.
Name one meaningful thing you’ve done to improve our world, not the hundreds of things you’ve done to grease the palms of your poisonous, oily corporate comrades,
like your best buds at @DowChemical & @MonsantoCo.
#PollutingPruitt #FirePruitt #EPA #Trump #Roundup
You owe the American taxpayers $120,000 for your vacation in Italy.  When should we expect payment?
rising sea levels is an accomplishment?



Climate change is tough, but @nytimes has answers: http://nyti.ms/2kF6uI7  // Excellent Q+A compilation by @JustinHGillis 
Spending my money on travel is not an accomplishment, you tool.


Resign

As the former public affairs chief for two federal agencies (in two GOP administrations), I can tell you that this is an INSANE amount of money for any federal agency head to spend on travel and security measures. Off the charts. https://twitter.com/chrislhayes/status/976228540906655745 …
Hey farmer farmer
Put away that D.D.T. now
Give me spots on my apples
But leave me the birds and the bees
Please
Don't it always seem to go
That you don't know what you've got
'Till it's gone
They paved paradise
And put up a parking lot #bigyellowtaxi
REALLY?!!!
Scott Pruitt on the radio: a whole different type of air pollution.
Like those hundreds of millions of dollars we paid for your first class flights?
#Pruitt
Discuss your accomplishments? Should be short interview, as all you’ve done is destroy
Will you talk about how you think climate change is a good thing?
Pruitt, you mean the accomplishment of ripping off the American public? Taking 1st class flights for one thing. You need to pay back what you have stolen!
You should start a blog on your travels and how to save taxpayers hard earned money #Moron
Love the new hashtag - captures Pruitt's commitment to protecting the environment

EPA Inaction
Had a great visit with hardworking farmers and ranchers from Wisconsin and Kentucky on #NationalAgDay! @EPA will continue to work with our agriculture partners across the country. #AgDay…
This interview shouldn't take long...
Do you mean the shitshow that is happening at the EPA. Are you rally stupid to believe that climate change is a hoax and that God is real. Or are you getting blown by the  coal, oil and chemical executives ?!
You're a crook.
Your accomplishments so far:
1. Make it easier for businesses to destroy the environment 2. Sound proof your office so your evil plan to take down the EPA isn't detected 3. Get rid of true scientific proof of global warming 4. Line your pockets with dirty $
GOP - "Gang of Predators" party allows Private Corporate Stockholders to rape & pillage the ONLY planet that sustains life & sells legislature that makes it legal. We are in so much trouble.
You call destruction of a vital agency and abdication of its responsibility accomplishments? Oh, right; you and your backers made some money. Gotcha.
Just give a percentage of how much of the EPA you have destroyed and how many favors you have left to give to oil companies, agri-business... , how many regulations left to cancel that protects our air, water, food.
Hey Scotty, who has the best deal on first class travel? Or do you not even care about saving taxpayer money at all?
You have no accomplishments, so it should be a short interview.
Accomplishments in despoiling the environment? No thanks.
Save Lake Erie from Asian Carp and Green Algae          

#NoFrackingInOhio
Burn in hell, pruitt..
Nice?
Pruitt is aggressively supporting polluters and removing protections from the environment to boost corporate profits. He has abrogated his duties as head of the EPA, so the tins for “nice” is over
We just believe the only thing,that is the climate change is real. #RenewableEnergy  #ClimateChangeIsReal  #ShameOnYou  #GOPTraitors  #TimesUp #RegisterToVote  #GOTV  #WinBlue  #VoteThemAllOut
Accomplishments? Unless you consider making your oil friends happy an accomplishment that should be a real short interview.

Hope to see you rotting in prison one day.
