What did he sell you at a cut rate price?
Scott Pruitt Before the E.P.A.: Fancy Homes, a Shell Company and Friends With Money
What environmental stewardship? You have done the opposite of that since you have been head of the EPA.
Screw the Moron's agenda. You and trumpian bums are working to dismantle the EPA and serve the fascist interests that contribute to your campaigns.
You are going to prison for graft and ethics violations. Your soundproof booth won’t protect you. Your lobbyist friends just caved and gave the A. G.s what they needed. Seriously, the only person you’re fooling is yourself. Resign and return every penny.
Happy that congress finally got you some help. Don't let the swamp get you down, we have your back.
Maybe if we had a different "Wheeler" on his team, I'd have more confidence in the @EPA :
If he is at all like you.... God help us!
Two lobbyists for the fossil fuel industry running the EPA. It doesn’t get swampier and more corrupt than that.
You are SCUM. RESIGN!!!!!!
One more oily corporate comrade to add to the ranks.
Wheeler’s a dirty coal lobbyist: there is NO CLEAN COAL.
@realDonaldTrump’s only agenda is to enrich himself.
Like you, he doesn’t give a crap about the environment.
#BootPruitt #FirePruitt #PollutingPruitt #EPA #Trump
What a hypocrite. You steal our tax $ to cushion your own little fiefdom as you destroy the environment & obey the commands of an immoral and, in truth, a very stupid POTUS. Congrats Scott--You are the consummate mindless, soulless man; a true Republican politico.

While Pruitt was in state govt, NY Times says a lobbyist sold him a home for $100k less than she had paid for. Her telecom employer paid the difference. He then voted to let the employer raise its rates. At EPA he hired her +…
So Andy Wheeler will be taking over as EPA chief when you get fired @EPAScottPruitt? You need to step down with all the crap and BS you have pulled. If you resign it will be much easier on you than dragging it out and trying to justify your scandalous activity. #Corruption
RESIGN!
You are truly a degenerate human being. "regulatory certainty" very funny. What you are doing with your time in office will bring shame to your name for generations to come. Go back to your first class sound booth. And pay rent on time.

One more alligator in the swamp... I wonder if this administration will ever put the right people in the right jobs. Are Pruitt, DeVos, Carson, Jared, Ivanka, etc the only people they can find for our country's most important positions?
You got a buddy to destroy the earth with #sweet #PruittMustResign
I hope you're not looking forward to working together for long, as you Mr Pruitt are on your way out the door at the #EPA .
"Andy, looking Sharp in that anthracite-colored jacket!"
--#Pruitt
Here's pruitt jacket he wore in morroco

Democrats: Documents raise new doubts on Pruitt’s security sweep https://politi.co/2Hn7ITw  
You mean you look forward to working together to destroy my environment! FU to both of you. I pray your firing comes soon! CORRUPT!!!!
So one more incompetent idiot
Please remove the words Environmental and Protection from the organization name. It would be the first ethical thing you ever did.
You should plead guilty, so #FakePresidentTrump can pardon you before he winds up in prison himself. You are part of the biggest disgraces in USA political history! It’s time to really #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

What a swamp creature
A tree dies for every single day that you remain in charge of the @EPA! 
#BootPruitt
We demand that Scott Pruitt resign as head of the EPA http://petitions.moveon.org/s/eK81O=  @moveon
Help get @EPAScottPruitt out of office by signing on to this quick & easy petition everyone! 
…
Pruitt usually meets with energy lobbyists behind closed doors -- it's great that he put out a picture this time. Making progress on transparency!
Yea, probably in the sound proof booth this jerk built at taxpayer expense.
Let’s get after regulatory certainty and environmental stewardship and uphold the RFS as you committed to do and stop granting backdoor waivers to oil refiners.
How’s your soundproof phone booth that seems on the up and up
I don’t think you guys would know proper environmental stewardship if it hit you in the face. A coal industry lobbyist as #2 at EPA? You clowns have no shame.
Regulatory certainty??? Why does Scott Pruitt still have a job and wheeler????????
Is he into the Fossil Fuel industry too?  Does he fly first class, have a soundproof phone booth, bullet proof desk, 20 security cards, 3 SUVs with sirens and flashing lights to go to dinner... Does he like signing paperwork that cancels regs set up to keep our resources clean?
You are corrupt and unfit to serve. #Resign
Hey SCOTT that’s your REPLACEMENT!!!!!!!
Icydn Wheeler is worse than Pruitt.  He's been in bed with the coal co. s for years.
I sincerely wish you really understood environmental stewardship because we are on the edge of environmental catastrophe and you are trying to push us over the edge while you appear to be feathering your own little nest with our hard earned $$$$.
Going to Paris to celebrate again?
Resign.
You’re not qualified to head the EPA
Environmental stewardship? Got any examples? Perhaps that was what you were doing in Morocco besides squandering tax money? You are a disgrace.
Scientific integrity much?
#resign
We should wish that stealing was the worst vice in Pruitt, but it is not.  The attacks on clean air & water are truly criminal.
Every bit of outlandish spending this criminal Pruitt has done comes out of American pockets, and yet Trump excuses everything.
There is no longer any decent environmental stewardship in the EPA under Pruitt.  He is an environmental criminal, not a king.
It is time to give big oil the heave ho.  They are so greedy they will destroy anything in their path to get more money. Greed is a sin.
Better train him on the "cone of silence" You may not have time on your way out the door. Will he be getting Kevlar BVDs?
His buddy Ryan Zinke has allowed the beginning of drilling in the Arctic to satisfy his big oil friends.  Doesn't big oil make enough money?
Administrator Pruitt does not work.  He spends our money and destroys our environment.  How he can be allowed to continue is unimaginable.
Is that the lacky who will replace you. I hope so.
Resign already!
Both of you need to resign now.
Great day when a coal lobbyist is second in command to a environmental exterminator. The way you behave, and hire, one would think you were the energy secretary. Wish he would stay home like Samantha Dravis who was paid for 3 months while not working...
You have no understanding what environmental stewardship means!  #FirePruitt
Crazy suggestion: Do something to protect the environment.
“Regulatory certainty” = “I’m certain you can pollute all you want, we won’t stop you”
Didn’t you really mean to say regulatory destruction leading to environmental disaster?
Don't make me laugh.
How much does his condo cost ?
Another lobbyist and chemical company lackey. Bet you’ll give him an unauthorized raise and lie about it like you did for others?
The swamp just got dirtier.
and how does Mr. Wheeler feel about rampant corruption?
Environmental stewardship.... you, you can tweet that with a straight face.  Amazing.
PRUITT:  Andy welcome. Our agency was created to [checks notes]...protect the environment. Do you want to do that?

WHEELER: Just enough to make it through a confirmation hearing!

PRUITT: Hiyo! Up top!

(Pruitt slaps Wheeler’s coal-dusted hand)
Your job is to advance the EPA's Mission.  Not @POTUS agenda.  "to protect human health and the environment."  
-This does not mean entrenched interests of the carbon fuel industry.
Corrected your tweet for you. "Glad to give a warm welcome to Andy Wheeler this morning—officially sworn in as @EPA’s Deputy Administrator. We look forward to working together to advance @POTUS agenda of destroying regulatory certainty & environmental stewardship."
Rapidly approaching 0 day—the much anticipated day when there is no one above GS12 with actual environmental science expertise working at EPA. Now that every senior executive is a former industry lobbyist, the goal is in sight!
You totally need to write a book on Ass Kissing 101! I might buy it!
Let Chat Now
U both will go down in world history as villains. I still can't believe U do what U do while U have children. U should warn him about what it feels like to lose your soul for profit. He appears to be equipped to do it, but working with you will be taking it to the next level.
Another swamp creature.
#QAnon 

#ComeyMemos

#ThursdayThoughts 

#TrumpTrain 

#DeepState 

#DrainTheSwamp 

#MAGA

#KAG
"@realDonaldTrump:  James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also, he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?"
When you say “environmental stewardship”, that’s code for selling our natural resources to the highest bidder, right?
I think you meant to write: I resign, and apologize for my conduct.
If @EPAScottPruitt were to suddenly reverse his position and admit that #ClimateChangeIsReal , would that keep him out of #hell?
Nope. "Thou shalt not steal," remember?
Environmental Stewardship your A#%!!!!!!!
You're both going to jail.

And destroying public health?
Seems the people want you to resign.
It sucks to have to train your replacement.
Stewardship???  You are leading the attack on the ONLY planet that supports LIFE!! #disgusting
You’re so full of shit that under the old rules you’d be classified as a superfund cleanup site.
FIRE PRUITT NOW!!!!
What environmental stewardship is that? You have ruined a once proud agency and are destroying the planet. Resign, grifter.
Lol
Another lobbyist to continue Scotty's quest to ruin EPA. At least he won't be in charge much longer.... but the damage is done.
Filthy crook.  
If you truly wanted regulatory certainty and environmental stewardship, you would be keeping existing regulations protecting the environment in place. #BootPruitt
"Environmental stewardship"? Are you kidding me? Or are you just partaking in 4/20 day festivities? Scott and Andy, y'all are fucking up the environment, not protecting it, but your time is almost up.
Did you meet with him in your sound proof room to discuss what can't be discussed in front of the rest of the country?

The President’s agenda is to deny global warming and the hell with the environment if anti-pollution regulations are inconvenient for big business. You are a joke, Pruitt!
So, will he take over when you get the boot? #ThrowTheBumsOut
So did this swearing in ceremony happen in your Super Secret Sound Proof Booth of Corruption?  Your Corruption Cone of Silence?  Your Pollution Power Booth?
#NotFitToServe
Great as if Pruitt wasn't bad enough, add Wheeler..on Thurs Trump also sent new marching orders directing EPA to weaken/delay implementation of a variety of air pollution regulations, several of which have been priorities for industries for which Wheeler has lobbied in the past.
How about ethical stewardship, and actually protecting the environment.  Oh, and try believing in science.
Which dirty energy industry does he come from? Or is he a former banker who lent you more money than you can afford? Or is he, perhaps, a sound-proof phone booth salesman?
POS#1 welcomes POS#2
Surprised you had the time to send this tweet given how busy you've been ripping off the taxpayers and destroying our environment. You're a bigger piece of shit than Trump and that's not easy to achieve. Now back to work for you letting companies dump whatever into our waterways.
@EPAScottPruitt forbid the use of the term "Global Warming" in the EPA killing any chances of progress. You are definitely one of the worst humans alive.
Keep up the good work and keep your optics above reproach
GLOBAL WARMING GLOBAL WARMING GLOBAL WARMING GLOBAL WARMING GLOBAL WARMING GLOBAL WARMING GLOBAL WARMING GLOBAL WARMING GLOBAL WARMING GLOBAL WARMING GLOBAL WARMING GLOBAL WARMING GLOBAL WARMING GLOBAL WARMING
You are no environmental steward. #Gaslighter #BootPruitt #CorruptAdministration
Is he going to help you waste our tax dollars?  You and @realDonaldTrump are perfect examples of vanity gone amuck.
what another disgrace you are. People are trying to save the planet and you and Trump are doing your best to destroy it.
Hope you’re gone soon before you irretrievably damage our environment.
Please resign.  Nobody wants you to have this job except for corps and people who can make money off of your awful decisions. We all hate you.
Oil meet coal. #PollutingPruitt

Now you can officially resign!
G-d help us all.
Corrupt paranoid con
Scott Pruitt’s Regulatory Certainty: Clean Water Act - RIP; Clean Air Act - RIP. #BootPruitt
Define "regulatory certainty" #BootPruitt #TrumpCrimeCabinet
Senate “GOP”= “Greedy Old Politicians”
Your entire chosen staff are as corrupt as you.
You have a few days to train him then you can #Resign
Two corrupt shills reunited and ready to heat up our planet
Thanks for implementing the President’s agenda. Clean air and water aren’t as important as hookers, porn stars and robbing the US government blind. Good job, assh*les......
How much did you give him under the table Scott?
You just welcomed your replacement.
Two oil company shills. Resign now
Fire corrupt Pruitt he makes the WH look bad
Give Pruitt a break. He is doing a great job at poisoning our air, water and destroying our planet all in the name of ignorance and greed.
He looks surprised that you still have a job.
Arthur, PBS’s beloved bespectacled aardvark, meets a possum for the first time
Is he another crook?
Must be a POS if you endorse him
Resign.
Hey Pruitt, why are you directing EPA employees to slow enforcement actions on polluters ?
Oh never mind-we already know, Big Oil/Koch puppets. 
#BootPruitt
How many bodyguards were present?
Quit, you clown.
Destroying our Environment one man at a time. Now a coal lobbyist... it’s 2018, why don’t you guys at least try & gravitate toward the 21st century. It’s a thing called “Renewable Energy”
#BootPruitt
Director Pruitt .@epapruitt .@epa .@potus Never waiver. Continue to dismantle the enviro-extremist global warming cult. Our nation has wasted billions chasing the climate change mirage.
"Make America Cough Again".
Thank you for your service.
Just what the EPA needs, a climate denying coal lobbyist. Nice pick corrupt moron @EPAScottPruitt.
Evil environmental polluters!
How much money are you going to allow him to waste?
#FuckingTheTaxPayer
Which is to poison and sicken us?
Andy "Coal Lobbyist" Wheeler....so good to see people that dont believe in science
Do you and Trump have ANY conscience whatsoever???
.
"Andrew Wheeler, a former COAL LOBBYIST who not only shares the deregulatory zeal of Scott Pruitt, the E.P.A. chief, but also his doubtful view of climate science."
https://amp.usatoday.com/amp/491620002 
Criminal in training?
Great - So now you have a partner to help fuck over the environment!
"environmental stewardship"
Iron Eyes Coty 
Here is an interesting fact....
He wasn't native American
He was Italian.
He like this role so much
he just kept it for the rest of his life 
true - read that just a little bit ago - but still a strong symbol of a dramatic change in the way we thought about/treated the environment
I agree, I really liked him.
He was the Grand Marshall for our parade one year.
I got to take a pic of us together.
This was in 90 or 91,
lol  I'm old !
Barf
*Stewardship*???

Seriously?
These monster men, like the greedy, wasteful, Pollutin' Pruitt want only to destroy the earth and rape its beauty for fossil-fuel profit. #BootPruitt
Thought your job was to protect the environment you bastard!
Don’t listen to the enviro extremists. Continue setting realistic goals.
You know America hates you. Please resign and save your family the shame of you being fired soon
Why do you feel compelled to install people who have no scientific understanding of the environment? Wheeler is fervent fossil fuel promoter and will further undermine the work that @EPA has done to protect the environment and human health.
#Kakistocracy #BootPruitt
#CLIMATECHANGE
You’re a charlatan and a crook, Mr. Pruitt.
#PruittMustResign 
#PruittMustResign
#PruittMustResign 
#PruittMustResign 
#PruittMustResign

You're on your way out - jut not soon enough for the American people or our environment. Enjoy your final days in office, crook.
I surer hope so,
he is killing our planet AND us !
@EricLiptonNYT @EPA @POTUS     You are all evil predators AGAINST America!  #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachAndAdmin
Every supervillain needs a henchman I guess.
Now that there is a deputy could you please resign.  Today.
Now we have two fucktards  instead of one . Judgement day is coming for both of you evil vile scum . The lord sees you .
Yeah! It’s getting a lot warmer, alright. #GlobalWarming a la Pruitt, et al. #BoothJob
You steal American tax payers money. Most corrupt POS in any admin.
Can you send us a tweet when you pay back all the money you recklessly spent. Kthxbye
Thank you for your common sense, courage and integrity, Administrator Pruitt.  You are doing exactly what an EPA administrator should do.
#MAGA
That is the stupidest thing i have ever heard. Lol
Your time together should be short.  You need to get gone for all your waste, fraud and abuse. Then lying to cover-up your misdeeds. #BootPruitt
I see you stepped out of your sound proof phone booth
