Trump must be very scared.  Mueller is inside Trumps orbit, up and very close:1st

"All through history, there have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they seem invincible. But in the end, they always fall. Always. - Gandhi #FBR
Leave office your destroying the world.
Late Saturday night, reports from White 
House that Pruitt will be gone by Monday morning.  Charges of corruption will follow.  Trump needs a distraction, so if he comes down hard, Republicans will be pleased, and Michael Cohen will be pushed a little back.
Oh, you vile little man.  The letter you just received from Congress is fascinating!  Maybe you can take that private jet to prison.  One last hoorah, as they say...
Trump's environmental agenda is to destroy the country by giving it away to corporate interests.  Congratulations on being the most corrupt EPA head we've ever had.
RESIGN!
Don't give up. The Smear has its eye directly on u.don't give in.
$43,000 cone of silence to hide the Koch sucking sounds

Congress is expanding its investigation into Scott Pruitt’s alleged spending abuses. The House is requesting interviews with several EPA officials. 
https://www.politico.com/story/2018/04/13/former-epa-aide-shared-pruitt-information-house-republicans-482344 …
You are a horrible person. I hate you.
You look forward to demoting more leaders who come forward $ point out your personal abuse of taxpayer money ? Your fraudulent agenda stripping the EPA of its role in protecting the environment? Your not worth hiring extra security! RESIGN!
bro u meant to type "anti" but you typed "sound"
You are Satan
"Sound environmental policies" = none.
Repeal and Replace the NRAGOP.
Resign already you corrupt piece of shit

grifter please, we see you
You're a monster.
So is he there to finally approve your monthly private jet rental or just to ensure that clean water and air don’t matter if a donor can make money?
How can you be the first? Did the POTUS tweet it out before Andrew Wheeler was notified of his hiring?
@EPAScottPruitt everyone hates you.
When Pruitt is fired, Wheeler will be in place to continue the current EPA agenda of advancing corporate interests at the expense of the health and safety of innocent citizens.
Wheeler will not be chosen.  Trump does not bond with him, and sources close the President have suggested other names.  At the moment Trump needs all his few friends very close to him.  The EPA agenda is too controversial at the moment.
That crook? And you won't be working with him you buffoon, you'll be canned or will resign soon. #draintheswamp
He is a another Trumper put in office to try and destroy the EPA!
Why are you still here instead of writing a resignation dude?
@EPAScottPruitt you are bile and plague.
How much $$ will it take for you to actually protect citizens?  Just give me a number so that we can start a GoFundMe for you to either not take fistfuls of dirty cash from the Koch brothers or to go away.  We can fund raise 1st class tickets for you and your wife to go to EU.
@EPAScottPruitt
M O N S T E R
Thief!!!!!  Stealing our tax dollars is a crime,  wasting them is despicable as well.  Get out of office, you thief and destroyer of our ENVIRONMENT!

P L A N E T K I L L E R
Fuck you Scott - you’re a terrible human.
Andrew Wheeler works for the coal industry.

Is vice president of the Washington Coal Club.

Worked as a legislative aide to Oklahoma Senator Jim Inhofe, the most virulent climate denier in DC.

Now here to ensure EPA as an oxymoron.
“Andrew Wheeler has devoted his career to defending the interests of major polluters. If scandal forces Administrator Scott Pruitt from office, our leading environmental agency will be run by a coal lobbyist. It’s like letting tobacco lobbyists run the FDA
Thank you so much Scott for slashing Billions of wasted taxpayers money on duplicitous job killing regulations!
yeah Scott wouldn't know anything about wasting taxpayer money  
https://goo.gl/PedzV8 
Because Liberals are giving him death threats
Honestly, I totally get having to increase your security if you're receiving credible death threats. But why does your security team need to sit down to a 5 course meal at a fancy restaurant in Rome?  https://nyti.ms/2IQqbnP 
Joke.  Coal is dead.  Wake up . Wind and sun.
Career bureaucrat? If he was competent he would be in the private sector producing stuff instead of sucking down everyone's taxes.
#TaxationIsTheft
YOU ARE A JOKE 
A coal lobbyists?  Really?
You're so far south of believable. You, April 4: "We saw seven [Superfund] sites come off the list last year. We’re going to see approaching 30 this year. That’s never been done." Total b.s.  So COMMON under tRumpty Dumpty
@realDonaldTrump
@RepAdamSchiff
@NancyPelosi
@GOPLeader
@SenateMajLdr
GET HIM OUT!!HOW MUCH MORE of this corrupt incompetent absurd man will you allow?!? He has BEEN A MESS FROM DAY ONE & only gets WORSE-A prime example of the idiots Trump continually surrounds himself with!!

As a result of our Tweet about his meeting, @EPAScottPruitt deleted his Tweet about it and blocked our account access to his account's Tweets.
Stop wasting our  money  with your exorbitant travels!!  Shame on you!
Are you really so afraid of voices in your own administration?
You need to resign and take the coal shill Wheeler with you.
Let you be the first? You really believe there’s a bunch of people who think another damaging Trump appointment (whose priority will be dismantling his own agency) is a great idea? You’re as #delusional as you are #corrupt. (and you’re pretty damn corrupt)
#PollutingPruitt you #CheatingLiar  RESIGN!
Sound environmental policies? You have obviously been inhaling all the air around the coal plants you and Wheeler have polluted! All tha champagne in first class will never make you a competent leader of @EPA #ResignNOW
You, Pruitt, are a modern day Hitler. Your actions to overturn regulations put in place to save lives will result in many citizens' deaths and/or chronic disease. You will ultimately meet your maker & will be judged on the destruction you have done to our country & our citizens.
You sir are #SoFullofShit that it comes out of your ears. #EvilAmoral
You mean THIS Andrew Wheeler? The lobbyist, the prior aide to Inhofe, the critic of greenhouse gas emissions, the one who supports the continued use of fossil fuel?? You mean THAT Andrew Wheeler? That's just fucking awesome.
A lobbyist for murderer Murray now in the EPA. Pruitt you are corrupt beyond belief.
Let the coal plants pollute, baby!
Great. Another lobbyist in a position of power at the EPA. You sure are awful at your job, Pruitt. Maybe I should go to OK and dump paint shavings by your house. I hear you consider that a threat (it's not a threat. I don't have any paint shavings.)
He'll be the administrator as soon as you get shown the door. The most CORRUPT administration ever.
Hate you.
You have got to be kidding me! We are dinosaurs.  The rest of the world speeds past us while we go backward.   I worry for my grandchild.  You won't protect her health.
OMG! You need to be in prison. Your egregious habbits are illegal! @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump
“Sound environmental policies”  Trump doesn’t have an environmental agenda, at least not a positive one.
Just amazing! How you and Trump are so blatant in your actions to serve yourselves and your rich cronies at the expense of the American people! You don't even try to hide it anymore!! No a coal/big energy lobbyist is NOT a good choice for deputy administrator!!
Oh! Oh! Secret EMAIL accounts? You mean like HILLARY?? DOH!
Traitor!!! You belong in prison along with your Dear Leader DT and the rest of his Mafia Cabinet Cronies, as well as most of the Republicans who are allowing your kind to destroy our country.
You’re going to Hell, Pruitt.
You need to simply resign. Your corruption far exceeds Trumps.
Resign, and take Wheeler with you.  Maybe you two could start a puppy mill, or hatch a plot to ransom the sun.
So now 2 first class tickets, 2 cones of silence, 2 useless jerks, what a bargain, nice job of draining the swamp Trump
Foxes guarding the hen house.
A criminal deputy to a criminal chief, congrats. So Pruitt, when you're imprisoned for bribery, racketeering & fraud, this bribester extraordinaire, a man who shd have been locked up long ago for corruption (if we were ruled by law & order instead of $), will take your place. Ick
It’s like you do the exact opposite of protecting the environment. No worries, you’ll be facing criminal charges for your taxpayer spending spree. Also, you’re a douche.
If you said it, I know it isn't true. Clearly this guy will be threat to the environment just as you are.
Now we have to egomaniacs corrupting our environment, threatening the health & welfare of Americans, & poisoning our waters. SHAME on you.
You seem insane.
It’s like it’s Opposite Day everyday with you.
Do you wonder WHY he hasn't bothered to update the LinkedIn account...since "someone" did such an extensive profile there....might want to rithink this one, or does he think he can just run back there & take over the job again?
Wheeler has spent his entire career lobbying for the coal industry. Like you, he doesn’t give a damn about the environment and is more concerned with lining the pockets of his friends. You should both be ashamed
Can’t even take out the trash Scottie boy?
It’s hard to imagine a more fitting image to represent Pruitt’s time at EPA than that of him piling up garbage at his energy lobbyist landlord’s house. https://twitter.com/swin24/status/984606153064828928 …
Just another trump lackey to continue where you left off after you’re fired! Great!
WTF is wrong with you? Were you molested in the wilderness as a child and now feel the need to eliminate all naturals places so you are not reminded of the trauma?
You are a fraud and a criminal. The damage you do will be lasting and history will not be kind to your tenure.  Hope you do not last much longer.
Bye by hack
Let me be the first to congratulate you on your new post panhandling in Tulsa. Please!
Scott Pruitt: Environmental Profit Agency







you're quite the fat cat aren't you?  and that's a slur on cats.
"According to 3 people familiar w/ events, Pruitt would not take out the trash during his time staying @ the townhouse believing that a cleaning service would do it 4 him. There was no cleaning service that came w/ the apartment, however. And the garbage bags piled up" 
Stop wasting taxpayer money with your luxury bull shit piece of human garbage.
You Sir need to RESIGN!! And quit saying you are a Christian because you are much too dishonest.
The Guy who gets paid Billions of dollars to pollute the air my children breath, And dump a carcinogen like Coal Ash anywhere they want , And speed up the already disastrous effects of global warming SURE I AM IN!!!! 
Not sure what "sound environmental policies" you're extolling b/c yr number one focus is on graft & corruption. U probably think with the Trump news churn all yr bad behavior will be swept under the rug, but it's not going away. #BootPruitt #PruittMustGo
At the end of a VERY long list of your outrageous expenses and criminal waste of taxpayer dollars, there's this little gem: you never even paid the $50/night rent on the lobbyist's condo! #PruittIsCorrupt #PruittMustResign  #TrumpSwampCabinet #DrainTheTrumpSwamp
Another lobbyist at EPA??? This one from the coal industry. We are losing so many precious years against climate change. There is hope for 2020. Please American friends do not vote for this gang of stupid people anymore.
You’re so full of shit it is criminal in my opinion. The coal lobbyist as a good fit for the EPA. Tick toc tic toc. Enjoy now. Midterms are a coming.
The second part of your last sentance.  Are you aware the EPA stands for the environmental protection agency?
You’re a monster.
hey you're a scumbag pos
Great job! Thank you!
Disgrace!
The GOP, truly a basket of deplorables.
Both of you are disgusting human beings who don’t belong in those positions at all.  You are both a stain on human history and the world will be a better place once all you’ve done is reversed.
RESIGN!!!!
Coal lobbyist.
Classy,
Very classy. 

BTW, coal is dead. 
Except for making cool crystals from waterglass.

Otherwise, d e d, dead.
Completely dead.
RESIGN.

It’s come out that EPA head Scott Pruitt has four separate e-mail addresses. And get this: all of them run on coal.
You’ve lost credibility and respect. People will pretend to respect you, but in reality they don’t. Be accountable for your actions and resign. We might respect that.
Industry-first regulations will only line you pockets with money. Won’t do much good when we do t have a planet to spend it on. #Resist
You need to quit wasting taxpayers money, resign and take your sleazy ass back to Oklahoma.
Awesome choice. More fossil fuel people in charge of protecting the environment. Makes sense to me....if your goal is to destroy the environment. But that’s not an issue to you right? Greed trumps all right?
How much of our money did you waste today?
Will he be joining you in first class?
What are you talking about? All you want to do is ruin our environment. Rolling back regulations that keep the country clean, healthy for future generations. Hope you choke on greenhouse gas.Tell Wheeler coal is dead.Not coming back. Sorry for the miners.
Don’t call the systematic demantling of our nation’s emviromental lrotections an Enviromental Agenda, it’s a Corporate Agenda and you are the patsy
Let me be the first to say suck my monkey balls for destroying the environment AND spending tons of government funds on townhouses and raises for staff members and private jets
5 lies Scott Pruitt has told about his mounting scandals.
Coal is dying. #HereComesTheSun
Resign.
CROOK!
You chicken sh*t little fu**. I hope there is an afterlife and you come back as a canary. In a coal mine.
Honey, you are not going to be working with him! He is taking your place!

"According to three people familiar with events, Pruitt would not take out the trash during his time staying at the townhouse believing that a cleaning service would do it for him. There was no cleaning service that came with the apartment, however. And the garbage bags piled up" …
Leaving a mess in his trail - like he is doing with our country!
Toxic waste standing up for toxic waste.
Scott, let me be one of the many to call you a criminal and a disgrace to the concept of good government. Climate change has been proven time and again by science, yet all you care about is making yourself rich. You're an awful person, and I hope you get fired before you can quit
“Environmental agenda” is code for “bleeding the earth dry for money”.  Go fuck yourself bud.
Signed up. Please join me andmy family.

Stupid morons! Don't think we don't see you raping the EPA, you disgusting deplorable asswipes. #treason #WorstPresidentEver #GOPComplicit #peepeetapes #ResignNOW #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
You don't really know what the agency does. You're a shining example of the type of people who should never work in government. Because you don't understand public service, only corruption and greed.
Wow you are destroying our air, water and land so you can enrich your pockets.  There is a special for you. It is despicable what you are doing!

#YouAreACriminal
#FuckingLiar
GFY
Does he get his own soundproof booth? Huge security detail? How about first class seats to go home every weekend??
He’s a coal lobbyist and you’re a greedy, shady character.
Does the environmental agenda include making sure Flint, MI has cleaning water?
Flint Water - coming soon to your town.
Sure, ruin the earth, poisin our children and put dangerous chemicals in insecticides, who cares if our water is unsafe, who cares if our air is not breathable? Obviously you. You call that making great strides? No, we are going backwards. You have failed the human population.
#PruittEPA
Scott Pruitt insisted on staying in luxury hotels that were costlier than allowed by gov't standards and pushed to fly on an airline not on the government’s approved list so he could accrue more frequent flier miles, a top former deputy told investigators https://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/12/climate/pruitt-epa-ethics-letter-congress.html?smid=tw-share …
You’re a liar!  You two are destroying the planet.  Hopefully your kids and grandchildren will be smarter than you (doesn’t seem like much of a stretch) and know that you lied to the American public!  How are you going to explain your lies?


...you are affecting the entire world!!!
Ironically with you at the helm our good oxygen levels will decrease every day. You should be locked up. Without an air purifier.
How can you lead the EPA and hate trees?  What type of person hates trees...well you but still asking. Did you always want to climb trees and failed as a kid or something?  Would be like Dale Earnhardt hating cars.
A Pruitt coin? Really? Wtf is wrong with u? U need to go away, or die in a horrible accident? I take either!.
U R w/o a doubt a pathetic POS. I mean u give frump and Miller and pizza face bannon a run for their money in top disgusting trash in DC
Sound environmental policies?  You mean good environments for fossil fuel companies to make money at the cost of the health of American citizens?  You are corrupt. You are the SWAMP. First class travel? Luxury hotels in Italy?  @realDonaldTrump hello?
Love it, not one Russian POS assigned to feed you positive thoughts. You’re such a bad human, you’re legacy is clear already.
When will you be resigning?? You’re not fit to be a window cleaner in the EPA. Stop wasting our money!!! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @OfficeGovEthics @GOP @NPR
Which is to poison us?
Yes that is his agenda - while making polluters even richer
Wow you confirmed a coal expert from the murderer coal company Murray.  And you were once an attorney general.
#jailForPruitt
You are such an unethical pos. I can't wait till your whole administration is in jail. Just imagine that the most corrupt OK AG in a jail cell.
#CoalLobbyist #CoalWhore you mean??
And now tell Andrew to go and clean up the trash you left behind so far.
Is your abject contemp for American citizens or DT? Hard to tell...
How does your looking for a private plane on a monthly $100K support the economics and the tenets of EPA?
Man, this is great, got a bag of popcorn and watching liberals heads explode on Twitter is too much fun.
James has 4 followers.
More intelligence
Zero ethics
So is he going to rig your expense sheets for you? Does he ride coach or first class with you? #PruittMustResign
I'm sick and tired of you wasting my tax dollars on your lavish lifestyle and travel.
A 43k soundproof phone booth?? You are short little megalomaniac. It's good we have whustlblowers outing your flagrant abuse of office. Get out and stay out. Couldn't even pay your rent to your friends!! You are a douche bag
You are putting us back a century with your destructive policies and shortening the planet’s sustainability. #PruittMustGo

Have you no conscience? Have you no soul? Have you no idea how much the future generations will curse your name? Resign you corrupt being.
If you are complimenting him, he can’t be good. Resign already before you destroy the planet. #dumpPruitt
Is he going to get a cone of silence too?  How about a shoe phone?
Well Mr. Pruitt, I’ve read through all these tweets & amazingly not one person likes you. Not trumpers or libs. Seems they all hate you. #Resign
Why do you still hold this position? You should be fired by now. 
How many times have you chartered a private plane for your family? Thank you for teaching your children to be thieves
TELL ME HOW A COAL LOBBYIST AT EPA HELPS AMERICANS.
You are the swamp, Scotty. Get out.
Hello! Have you read any of the international news articles about yourself? Appears you're the most hated man in the 
Could you please help? Having a hard time keeping up with all the legal & ethical investigations against you? Is it 8?
@labdrive2 Disgusting traitor!!!!!! "Senate confirms a former coal lobbyist as Scott Pruitt’s second-in-command at EPA" - The Washington Post
