It’s about time the job killing regulations of the last administration were all repealed for the good of America’s future.
John, did you see Amy Brown's tweet about what it's like to live near coal ash? Does it sound like this move is good for her future?
John, cutting these regulations are dangerous and reckless.
We don’t need to live in a completely unregulated world, but 85 pages per day of regulation from the last administration is simply too much.  If you don’t like where you live, then move.
Things may have needed to be improved but removing protection is foolish! I would just "move" but maybe you should ask yourself if you would buy our home living next to unlined leaking coal ash open dump pits. Your comment is part of the problem!!
In most cases the mine was already there and the buyers took advantage of low prices.  If the coal companies create an  environmental hazard they need to correct it like any other entity.  Nobody is advocating repealing all environmental protection, just excessive regulation.
And your criterion for "excessive regulation" is the counting number of pages? If you actually look at the regulation itself, it's hard to find something unnecessary. Is it written in complicated language? Yes. They have to, or the companies would find a way to get out of it.
You say "they need to correct it" as though that's a simple thing. It  isn't. Polluters have a motive to take their costs of production and spread them out to all of us.

The free market works a lot better when externalities are internalized, and that's what regulations try to do

You might consider having your own mercury levels tested since you are supporting actions that could release more mercury into the environment. This seems to be the best test available

You need to resign. Coal is not the future. #Solar is.
Government photographer Simon Edelman was fired by the Trump administration after he leaked a photo suggesting they weren't exactly draining the swamp
did you get a nice kick-back from the dying coal industry??

Coal = mercury in seafood and our bodies. Mercury is neurotoxicity and causes many physical and mental problems. EPA needs to consider overall toxic load from multiple sources impacting humans rather than assessing each source as the only source.

Today’s coal ash proposal embodies #PollutingPruitt’s commitment to his poisonous, oily corporate comrades by providing them with the ability to poison our water with their coal ash. COAL IS DEAD(LY).
#FirePruitt #PoisonousPruitt #NoCleanCoal #EPA
#MondayBlues #MondayMotivation
Coal = mercury in Seafood and Air and water.  Mercury accumulates in the body and has multiple neurotoxic and other health impacts. EPA used to care about mercury.  Apparently u don’t.

CORRECTION: In just  year Scott Pruitt turned the EPA’s mission on its head:
Stalling toxic chemical bans.
Deleting climate science.
…

Living within a mile of a wet coal ash storage pond poses a greater health threat than smoking a pack of cigarettes a day, raising the risk of cancer to one in 50, an EPA study from 2010 found. 

https://grist.org/article/broken-promises-follow-tennessee-coal-ash-disaster/ …
Fire @EPAScottPruitt for:
ties w polluting industries
18 member security team
25 million $ phone booth
federal $ 4 private travel
anti-lobbying violations
personal email 4 fed biz
firing @EPA scientists
spying on employees
corrupt cronyism
Morocco
Dow
#PollutingPruitt
#FirePruitt

#BlackLungPruitt
Compromising the environment to line the pockets of your buddies who run the coal companies! Shame on you! The best interest of the environment is supposed to be your mission, not filling the swamp!! Counting the days till you're gone.
Like the flexibility not to line their coal ash ponds so it can leach into waterways? Flexibility is not always good.
You're a disgusting son of a bitch. You should be volunteering to eat that coal ash, you worthless shithead.
You obviously have not read any of the numerous reports on how dangerous coal ash is, to the environment (which you’re supposed to protect), humans and animals. Wait, you don’t care. It is all about money, just like raping the National Parks. You R evil. I hope your stocks tank.
Coal emissions have been scrubbed and cleaned so much-  what are you even talking about?
Coal ash.
RESIGN IMMEDIATELY!
Your religious book says you're a steward of the planet.
Don't claim you're a Christian and make up lies.
You're mental and unfit for office, resign.

Pruitt tapes revealed: Evolution's a 'theory,' 'majority' religions under attack http://politi.co/2FSv3bN  
Remove coal from the conversation. Solar & wind, 100%
He can’t wait to poison our kids for profits just like you. How do you claim Christ then do such evil things. You need self examination Repent
Hahaha. Just realized they won't give you all that protection in prison. Solitary it is.
Why done u just line people up force them into fake showers and drop cyanide pill?  U only care for business & what greases your palm no to mention your wasteful spending on your comfort.  Oklahoma shakes everyday from fracking. One day it will disappear
Based on the needs of the state or based on the need of the state's people?  Think, you #shithole.
So it saves money at what cost to public health Satan?
Stop undermining your own agency.
#SaturdayMorning

#Trump's #EPA Head #Pruitt SHOWS by his ACTIONS that he REJECTS #GOD'S Rule & the Admonitions of the #Bible!!!

"Your [God's] wrath came, and the time . . . to destroy those who are destroying the earth." -#Revelation 11:18

.
Burn in hell
Living within a mile of a wet coal ash storage pond poses a greater health threat than smoking a pack of cigarettes a day, raising the risk of cancer to one in 50.
How are you still employed ?....anywhere
You don’t believe in the science of evolution or climate change? You have no right to be in charge of scientific EPA. You are an embarrassment to all that work in the science field. I hope your flight on coach is next to people that speak their mind for 3+ hours.
Moral Flexibility! What a novel concept for a deacon from the First Baptist Church in Broken Arrow. You're so morally flexible, you make rubber bands obsolete.
Well thats some not so thinly veiled bull$@!*, @EPAScottPruitt Ur a  tool.
Ahahaha this dumb motherfuxker soesnt think evolution is real
Great going dumbass! Now are all those savings going to be used to treat the new cases of respiratory diseases caused by that ash ???
May I say this proposal sounds  terrible? You are basically proposing to allow states to set whatever standards they find expeditious regarding coal ash disposal. I guess you'll be out  of office when chickens & Hg & other heavy metals & teratogenic organics come home 2 roost.
Wrong. EPA must agree with any state proposals. EPA will not approve plans that don't protect health and safety.
“There aren’t sufficient scientific facts to establish the theory of evolution, and it deals with the origins of man, which is more from a philosophical standpoint than a scientific standpoint,” Pruitt says.

We're doomed with Pruitt.  
He's a moron.
"Flexibilities" you mean pollution strategies at public expense don't you
You are such a sad excuse of an EPA head. You are supposed to PROTECT the environment not destroy it. Go away please!!
Pruitt is a DISGRACE. When more people get cancer and other diseases the blood is on your hands. #JesusKnows
You're a disgrace to the office. No surprise though... So is your boss. Also, I'm about to get married to another guy and there's not a thing you can do to stop it.
Evolution is a fact.
PLEASE #resign. You’re inept and an embarrassment to our country.                                    Pruitt tapes revealed: Evolution's a 'theory,' 'majority' religions under attack
(via POLITICO for iOS)
@HuffPost @realDonaldTrump Fuck you/your willingness to sell out health/environment to business.  Coal-fired power plants produce 140 million tons of coal ash per year, containing toxic heavy metals, arsenic, lead, selenium, and other carcinogens that seep into OUR groundwater.
You need to pray to God that none of your loved ones suffer some of those horrible birth defects or cancers that children have contracted living near those ash storage ponds.
Boston is underwater, a-hole.
Another crappy decision.
Coal Ash is cancerous! Your commitment is to what?
@epascottpruitt So Evolution's a Theory? Global Warming is a Hoax? What planet are you from?

God help the people that live near the coal ash dump sites.  This action will almost certainly cost lives.  But it will make more money for you and yours, so I guess it is OK...
I am one of those living next to coal ash dump pits and have been relying on bottled water for 1049 days in North Carolina. You would think that the EPA would do everything to protect the people's health but profits seem to be their focus! I'm disappointed and disgusted #coalash
Send them an invoice for the costs you’ve incurred.  I doubt there’s any responsible oversight that would keep them from paying any random bill that comes in.
"The threats I have faced are unprecedented," said Pruitt during the podcast.
I wonder why? - NOT!!!
Sounds like more pollution will be allowed for short-term financial gains. Where is the long-term vision?
Go ahead and fly first class; just pay for the ticket yourself.
By providing our polluting partners with the flexibility to pollute as much as they want while cutting research into the effects on our kids
Aren't you worried about your daughter McKenna and son Cade? No money can buy clean air and water! #ClimateChange and #pollution will affect us all! Just look at #China and #SouthAfrica.
Because you have no conscience, you have to be shamed into doing the right thing. RESIGN NOW!!
And yes I read the whole release on the EPA website so im@nit talking blindly from a headline.
Why bother accept public comment at all?  You’re now allowing states to lounge other way and let these companies just dump their waste with little oversight.  Pretty sad .
Let's promote energy from two centuries ago instead of solar or wind.  Great idea. 
Please just go sit in your sound proof booth until you are fired.  That'd be best of USA.
What is more offensive to the people?
The (EPA) has said that Administrator Scott Pruitt's security detail flies first class because of an "unprecedented" number of threats against him.  HMMMMM.  Help me understand that one.  FYI you get threats because you wish to UNRAVEL and UNDO the EPA. YOU ARE A CROOK TOO
If I was sitting next to you in coach or first class, I wouldn't have a clue who you are.  You like like every other middle aged balding white guy I see on the plane. No one would look twice at you!  #NEWSFLASH...............
Scott u r a monosyllabic imbecile and insignificant.
How ‘bout a commitment to stop wasting taxpayer $ on first & business class flights. I think @TGowdySC should audit all your business dealings since taking office - dinners, gifts, trips, purchases - the whole 9. You’re a grimy snake man.
Not to be uncivil, but Scott Pruitt. Man, just fuck this guy.
State partners = companies/industries that pollute the environment. Once again doing the opposite of what your job is supposed to be. You will kill us all.
Pruitt, the idiot is at it again. This man is determined to get as much money as he can while he ruins the environment. Someone has got to get him out of the office!
Is it uncomfortable when the coal exec removes his hand from your puppet hole?
Great job @EPAScottPruitt We all love the work you are doing!
Take it you don’t like fresh air and clean water where you are.

Garbage. What about the damage to the environment and people?
keep up the good work and helping others to work
You won’t need to work when you are dead
Coal ash for your creek, coal ash for your creek, coal ash for everyone!! #petropruitt
Stop. Just stop. We are not going back.
Pruitt is the kind of mindless goon who has almost certainly said something like "leveraging core competencies to maximize synergy while thinking outside the box going forward."
#ImpeachPruitt
And polluting our drinking water?
Good thing pollution from coal ash stays in the state where it is produced. You’re nothing more than a corporate shill.
heavy metal contamination of ground water will create a rise in cancer rates. 
See China.  You are Not Protecting Anyone except the owners of Coal Mines, and Power Plants.
You had me at "alternative-risk"
You have one job- to protect the environment. You are a deeply evil human.

Always looking out for big polluters! #pollutingpruitt
I really don't know who I disrespect more , you  or @realDonaldTrump  
both of you are the worst type of swamp creatures.. please just resign
In other words, you’re allowing the coal industry to do whatever they want, as long as you get your payoff
You too can destroy the world and save up to $100 million per year in compliance costs in the process! #ClimateChange
Did you tweet this from your gilded privacy booth?
You are f*ing up our environment
Now, now, everyone be nice to the snowflake, he melts easily.......
Another shitty announcement. We're so proud you're thinking about our health and the environment Please resign.
Was this written by the lobbyist that sits next to you in 1st class? You're the worst.
I hope you fall in an ash pond
Compliance costs are not the EPA's touchstone; keeping the air and water clean is.

Was this memo created by a coal lobbyist and put on the EPA letterhead by you?
But what is the cost in lives? You constantly spin your pandering to the fossil fuel industry as good for the environment. Can you explain how coal can be clean? Why should we skimp on cleaning up its waste? Do you still think climate change is good thing? Resign.
Why would we not have strict guidelines and high expectations of working toward elimination of coal ash? Relaxing controls seems weirdly innapropriate
This song was recorded 3 years before your agency was founded. You have a duty to this country. Act like it.
Science and people first, please.
