
Mr Pruitt has committed himself to undoing as many Obama-era environmental regulations as he can https://econ.st/2r6DjxP 
They that Follow the Lawless One will DIE in a Burning Sulfur Pit.
They that Love Slime Shell DIE
Declares The Lord
Does it freak you out when Scott jumps out from behind the desk and yells “SCIENCE IS THE DEVIL!!!”? Asking for smart people.
Lame.
#PruittResign

#climatechange 
 Final Tier 4 emission standards apply only to diesel engines.”


pruitt
Scott Pruitt has eroded confidence in the integrity of the EPA, breached ethical and professional standards, and violated the public trust.

He has to go.
@EPAScottPruitt @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Unless @EPAScottPruitt is resigning, I don’t give a rat’s ass what he’s got to lie about
I’ll just watch the snow
#ClimateChangeIsReal

I bet it gets frustrating when Scott keeps saying Windmills instead of wind turbine.
Stay tuned for a message from the fossil fuel mafia.
He quitting?
Is he resigning? #corruption
@EPAScottPruitt  You're doing a magnificent job!  You don't need any advice.  Too bad the jacka**es aren't held to the standards of any other work place or the hostile attitudes would have them out on their childish, bullying, low IQ a**es.  God bless you!  #MAGA and then #KAG!

How much will you charge American taxpayers for this live stream, @EPAScottPruitt? #BootPruitt @POTUS
His publicly prudent execution.  Like in the olden days of France - Off With His Head
how convenient, and inefficient... Sorry, but this web page is not available for viewing right now.This page is not available for viewing either because EPA has not published it yet, or because EPA has allowed the publication of this page to lapse.


You are a Liar and you should quit or be fired for spending "We The Peoples" money so foolishly. .You are a Fraud and you are not protecting " WE THE PEOPLE" who believe in CLIMATE CHANGE
Tune-in for a special event as Scott announces all EPA employees who drive a Prius must park in the back lot.
Tune-in for a special event when Scott, I mean Administrator Pruitt announces he is replacing science with Scientology.
For the last time Administrator Pruitt the guy on your baseball trophy isn’t really talking. It’s just you saying climate change isn’t real.
If you are being threatened just tweet out that you need help in a equation. We will solve it and send help. Scott will never figure it out.
Does Scott have a bumper sticker that says “My other car is a lobbyist”?
Tune in at 2pm when Scott announces he’s replacing the modern office heating system with wood burning boilers.
Does Scott make you call him “Administrator Pruitt”? I bet Scott does.
I imagine a lot of “this is boring” and “did you guys catch the game last night” during meetings.
Cannot wait for your dismissal and sentencing.  #SchadenfreudeAndImOkWithThat
#Trump #Russia #Mueller #USA #fakenews #Politics #TuesdayThoughts #MAGA?
Science is for losers. ... says Scott Pruitt and pretty much no one else.
That is because Pruitt has a brain the size of a pea and does not have a clue about science.
Only if he’s being arrested or fired . #Time2Resign
He's redefining "science" so that it seems to support his personal anti-science worldview.
#AlternativeFacts
History is going to see this administration, and @EPAScottPruitt in particular, as everything a true American should not be.
No science based decisions at the EPA? Please tell me what kind of special stupid you are? Negating science will not make it go away. News flash, the dark ages are over. You must resign. Now.
Resignation?
Was Paranoid Pollutin' Pruitt a better lawyer than he is an environmental steward? Or does he suck at that too?
His resignation?  #IHope
salty
Unless you are publicly resigning( which you should)you can stuff it
Please tell me he's resigning.
Resignation announce?!?  HOPING!!

More like Pruitt streaming toxic runoff into our waters
no thanks
Where’s the Press? Why are you deceiving and openly misinforming the American public? Science doesn’t change just because you don’t like its findings.
Oh, is the Corruption King resigning???
Will you be live streaming Scott Pruitt being taken away in handcuffs?
What is going to show us his “ cone of silence “ for $60,000 and then give us a tour of his $50 condo, what a perfect example of Trump draining the swamp
Perp walk???
The only good news outa the EPA will be @EPAScottPruitt resignation. destroying our ability to have clean water, air, and lands. smh #UnAmerican #PollutingPruitt
He better be resigning. Illegal raises, lobbyist gifts ring a bell?
What is he going to do? Announce additional deregulation guaranteeing even more Americans get cancer and die, while doing it with flowery language talking about cooperative federalism? Or will he lie about the lessons of the Bible again and use it to justify his harmful actions?
What are you stealing from the public today, Scotty? And how are you poisoning the Earth this week?
Maybe he'll tell us that coal is good, oil is good, burning wood is good & we don't need those pesky regulations because #climatechange isn't anthropogenic. Oh wait, #PollutingPruitt already said that. Maybe it's about $$$$
No thank you #Pruitt is a liar
What will likely happen:
-A prepared video is played
-He does a Q/A that no one knew about, and reads positive reviews
-He says coal burning is like hella good for the environment

What I'd love to happen:
@ddonigernrdc
Get it straight from the Swamp
Is he finally going to abolish that pesky environment?
Why wait until 2 p.m. - join now to see the in-the-know, incredibly diverse group of balding white guys in ties milling about as they anxiously await the big news:

Politicizing Science Strengthens Science!
Step down - you're a crook and a liar. Karma!
he is going to resign!
Is he finally resigning?
only if he is resigning
Watch live as Scott Pruitt sets the world on fire!
He's resigning?????
Live resignation? Oh please oh please !
If it’s not his resignation announcement, don’t bother. #PruittMustGo #CorruptGOP
Is he writing a check for his sound booth?

