How Scott Pruitt's EPA is attacking journalists and stifling the media
Why would people want to hear your corporate doublespeak jargon using confusion to spread anti-environmental ideas that are based on rejecting years of scientific study solely for political reasons?
We're hanging out to hear you answer all those tough #ClimateChange questions! 
Would rather poison my breakfast juice with the same poisons you are allowing your corporate chemical/coal/oil buddies  to pour in our waterways!
Resign
Are you going to talk about how you should pay back to hardworking Americans the difference in cost between your first-class flights and the cost of the coach flights you should have taken?  How about your $43000 soundproof booth?  Is this what responsible governance looks like?
Confessing your personal looting of taxpayer money???  Good to get out in front of these things.
#StillACrook
No
Does that fall under "air pollution" or "noise pollution"? On the one hand, your voice is a deeply upsetting sound, and on the other, you are a noxious emission. So... both?
Will you be discussing this? Probably not.

http://time.com/5210819/hurricane-harvey-houston-toxic-impact/ …
Hey Lars. Ask Pruitt why the EPA allows poisonous chemicals sprayed on us 24/7. If he avoids the question or says it isn't true, hes lying. Thank you. #GeoEngineering #ClimateEngineering #Chemtrails
EPA chief Scott Pruitt took flights costing taxpayers $163,000
Scott Pruitt Makes Strong Late Play for Most Shameless White House Grifter | Vanity Fair
Trump’s EPA Director Says Climate Change Will Be Good for Us
How the EPA's Scott Pruitt Became the Most Dangerous Member of Trump’s Cabinet
A group of scientists is suing the EPA over the agency's move to cut scientists from advisory boards and committees who were also receiving federal grants for studies http://cnn.it/2F7dR0k 
Trump EPA chief was personally involved in removing climate change sections from EPA website http://hill.cm/NTMHYRW 
Two senior EPA political appointees—including 1 who personally supervises every grant the agency awards to or solicits from outside groups—got approval from the agency’s ethics office to continue to collect outside income while working for the Trump admin
You stole money from the American people! You worm!
This song was recorded 3 years before your agency was founded. You have a duty to this country. Act like it.
traitor #2
