We’re looking forward to rolling up our sleeves and working with our state/tribal partners and stakeholders to address PFAS and protect public health: http://epa.gov/pfas  
Putting you in charge of the EPA is like putting an alcoholic in charge of a liquor store.
All pretty words that add up to YOU SELLING AMERICA TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER #shame
There is no meaningful content in this word salad from @EPAScottPruitt.
All B.S. Scott..We know what you're up to #FirePruitt
All will be forgiven once you step down, move into a garbage can home and spend the rest of your days trying to blow yourself on webcam
Looks like you have quite a group of leftist environmental wackos stalking you Scott. No matter, you are doing a fantastic job at EPA and America appreciates it. Keep up the good work!
The “Laws and Regulations” link on the EPA PFAS site take you here: https://www.epa.gov/node/141851/revisions/634899/view …

Lying swamp thing
You should be ashamed of yourself for gutting the epa and acting like you’re all in for the American people! Using our tax dollars for your personal comfort is disgusting beyond belief. Back in the day they would tar and feather a charlatan like you! Maybe you can bunk with trump
#cement-loc #FosterWheeler/Amec @realDonaldTrump
No. You are not. You are a shrill for special interest groups. The ones that can afford to drag your soul down with them.
Your statements have no meaning. Plenty of words but no substance whatsoever.
Stop. No one believes anything you say. If they did your big business buddies would be protesting about your comments.  That’s how transparent and fake you are.  Crawl back to OK.  Sigh... what 33 months left?
You are f*ing up our environment along with @EPAScottPruitt


Good job Mr. Pruitt! 
You are a hack.
National leadership?  It’s not April fools day yet.
kleptocracy
[klep-tok-ruh-see]
noun, plural klep·toc·ra·cies.
a government or state in which those in power exploit national resources and steal; rule by a thief or thieves.
No matter how you try and try to make your work sound light  by using a PR firm to write your tweets.. you are still the worst human ever to walk the planet
Which one will you end up?
#punkasspruitt
I'd like to ask state tribal and local "partners" what they'd like to do to you when this administration goes down in flames. Too bad the ENVIRONMENT doesn't get a vote too. You are worse than Ben Carson! Maybe even worse than Menuchin!
When's the mineral rights auctions for National parks and monuments?
You are providing ZERO leadership & a regression towards protecting our planet.

Your path forward involves letting coal companies and chemical companies poisoning us. The @EPA must regulate them to keep our environment and the people that live in it healthy, but you’re trying to stop this for your own gains and money.
0 advisories in 2017-2018.
#ImpeachPruitt
No you are not. You’re feeding at the trough      
So basically you’re saying more exploitation of tribal lands.
#crook
This song was recorded 3 years before your agency was founded. You have a duty to this country. Act like it.
You're ruining the planet!!!
What f*cking leadership!?
