Gone are the days when Obama EPA officials colluded with enviro-Nazis to subvert the environmental regulation process and then PAID them with our taxes. The Obama regime illegally funded radical left-wing extremists with taxes for 8 years, violating taxpayers' 1st Amd rights.
Your position makes me sad. Environmentalism is based on science, but even if you want to deny climate change science, new fuel and power sources could make us world leaders in the industry and quite wealthy at the same time. Obama understood this, @EPAScottPruitt does not.
Note that the Soviet Union also claimed its government was based on "science". Like Western environmentalists today, they did this to legitimize their suppression of dissenting voices as "unscientific". Anyone who believes in freedom and democracy should abhor this argument.
Loosen your tin foil hat now and then.
Try studying the subject yourself instead of parroting the words of your favorite actors & musicians.

I recommend Bjørn Lomborg's The Skeptical Environmentalist.
I don't debate lifelong C students. (And I'm being generous with your grade.)
Alas, I don't debate children. Bye.
You’re doing great work amidst mayhem and slander. Good luck on seeing it through.
#Karma — she’s coming. Buckle up. #BlueWave2018 #BlueTsunami #CountryOverParty #Democracy #Resistance #Resist
You're garbage and you have no business running the @EPA.
Great job guys. We need to fully staff the executive branch now.
Oh Great, "Swamp Thing II, Return to the Coal Mines!"
Another criminal against the environment.
Another henchmen to abuse taxpayer money and gut the environment?
He’s a former coal lobbyist. The EPA is dead, and our country no longer protects our environment or our health.
You are absolutely loathsome.
Liar

"According to three people familiar with events, Pruitt would not take out the trash during his time staying at the townhouse believing that a cleaning service would do it for him. There was no cleaning service that came with the apartment, however. And the garbage bags piled up" …

1 crook to another crook!!!!
Can you resign now?
You're a disgrace.
FFS you are gifting paranoid troll!!
They'll need somebody when they boot you out on your ass. How about those pay raises you LIED about? #PruittNewIt #PruittMustGo . Quit wasting taxpayer money on your paranoia and scheming, you toxic human being.

Wheeler is just another #LooneyTune #ClimateDenier @MurrayEnergyC  #SwampThing. I bet you two have some awesome sleepovers planned at the nearest coal lobbyist’s condo. #EthicsInvestigation
Pruitt is a fraud
Hey Mitch. You’re just as corrupt as Pruitt. @realDonaldTrump #DrainTheSwamp #swamp #SwamponSteroids #swampcreautures
Let's hope he's not a crook too!
RESIGN!!!
Pruitt, I heard he’s just as bad as you are. The United States is doomed
Hi @EPAScottPruitt can I get some @EPA @altUSEPA SWAG before you get FIRED! I'd make a MINT on @eBay
Would you like your mint to print dollars or rubles?
More bad news for the environment.
This is another bad joke on the American people! McConnell is an idiot who has no business in Government.  He’s as corrupt as Pruitt is and all of you should be spending the rest of your lives behind bars!
How much of our tax dollars did you waste on your lavish lifestyle today?
RESIGN!
Hope you all die
Go back to Oklahoma where you belong. Sell shoes.
Corrupt
Hey Charlie, it’s clear you just don’t like Pruitt’s policies but you should
How do you sleep at night?  

Oh wait, I’m guessing pretty well.... probably on 1800 thread count sheets - THAT THE TAX PAYERS PAID FOR.
Or maybe upside down in a cave.
I like that better.
"#Bipartisan" support? Vote was 53-45. That's 45 Senators out of 98 who voted.
This was another ram-through by Republicans.
You won't have time to welcome him. By your own steam or in cuffs, you're leaving.
Please change your name to dickhead pruitt

“Find me something to do,” were the instructions Scott Pruitt gave his staff, after telling them he wanted to travel to particular destinations, the letter says https://nyti.ms/2HwCXbk 
resign
Hoping to see you at the airport soon..."

Corrupt bastard Pruitt, who’s working hard to harm  our environment, needs to #RESIGN and he ought to be prosecuted for any violations of the law.  #Liar #Hypocrite 

Former aide tells Congress of extravagant spending by EPA's Scott

Corrupt Pruitt.
Dont think for one second your off the hook; Donald Trump doesnt pay your salary you work for the American people and just because he refuses to terminate you because your deregulating every thing that was put into place to protect Americans it will be your downfall legally.
That’s great and all, but where can I get some of those cheap rental spaces and first-class flights? Asking for a friend. ...
I look forward to your ouster.
What does it take to get rid of this lying, entitled, environment-destroying piece of swamp shit? A former top EPA aide just told Congress all it needs to know about this fucking turd. Since taxpayers pay this dickhead's salary, did any of us get to approve his lavish spending?
The American people would like for @SenateMajLdr to work faster, and go with 51 votes to SIT ALL OF #Trump's people in their jobs!  Over a year McConnell!!  TIME TO HELP AMERICANS & their #POTUS!!  DO YOUR JOB!!
You are the worst.  Taking a trip to Morocco to promote US natural gas?  You are the EPA administrator?  Remember Environmental Protection Agency!!!!  What is wrong with you?  Your so called environmental regulation roll backs are all just cosmetic.
We the people demand you step down you unethical corrupt slime bag.
Quick question: When will Wheeler get an outrageous raise in salary that you won’t know anything about!??
See you in the Greybar Hotel, Scotty!
You'll be out of a job soon enough. You should be ashamed of yourself. Ruining our environment AND robbing the tax payers at the same time. You should resign or we will throw you out.
Another climate change denier .  Wow.
you’re disgusting; your days are numbered in this position - the EPA needs to list you as a major toxic pollutant
He may soon have your position. Methinks you will be going to jail soon, and rightfully so.
Another crooked freeloader to join you in stealing from the US taxpayers while letting corporations kill Americans for profit! Scumbag.
You are a crook. A grifter and a thief.
You will die penniless you complicit traitor. When you're in jail we will sue you for every cent you have.
A coal-lobbyist to help head EPA in 2018. With 'bipartisan support in the Senate'. Great work @Sen_JoeManchin @SenatorHeitkamp on keeping the corruption going.
I want to thank @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the U.S. Senate for advancing a cloture vote on Andrew Wheeler’s nomination to become the deputy administrator @EPA. Andrew has bipartisan support in the Senate, and I look forward to him joining the Agency.
You are just the WORST!
Resign
Considering all the ethics scandals that are following you and the damage you are doing to our environment #Time2Resign
Shame on you for allowing your greed to put this beautiful country in harms way.  Future generations will look at you in contempt.  Just another corrupt Trump guy...


Crook of the week:
Squandering taxpayer money, taking payoffs from lobbyists and destroying the environment, all at the same time. With several different email accounts so nobody can keep track of it

…

Corrupt AF
Hope you still have an ample security detail. People dont like you.
You know that movie Ghost? I think of those black demon things coming for you every time you rollback and screw the environment
Resign. Stop destroying the environment you greedy fuck.
So dismantling the EPA is just a way of using trees to print more money for yourself. Got it.
oh good, you are finally going to be fired by tweet!
Hey - you are trending on @Twitter.  Everyone hates you!  #Resign YOU are the swamp.
#CorruptGOP
When will you resign? #Draintheswamp
You need to be removed! Fleecing the US tax payers has reached disgusting levels with you!
Please resign!  You are a disgusting human being, only in this for your personal greed! Phone booth, raises for your flunkies, cheap rent, (oh yeah,not paid at all) party planes and Paris, new seal and now special leather bound journals for your office? Can you say, asshole?
I would like to thank those working to remove #PollutingPruitt & his poisonous, oily corporate comrades from the #EPA. 
The number of his abuses & outright illegal activities has become too long to list.

#BootPruitt #FirePruitt #ScottPruitt #ThursdayThoughts
#Trump #ImpeachTrump
I’ll be hoping that, in addition to your eventual firing for extreme ethics abuses, both you and @SecretaryZinke are brought to trial for crimes against nature and humanity.
Hmmm notice @EPAScottPruitt does not say "joining me at the agency." #whenyoufeelyourtimegrowingshort
So rohypnol or ghb, bunga bunga boomer sooner?  
Liar. Wheeler has no bipartisan support. Should Wheeler make it through, the only person you'll be working with is the warden at whatever federal penitentiary you wind up in. (I use the word "working" advisedly. In your case, the context is "sliming" or "cheating.") #FirePruitt
What kind of environment do we owe future generations? Please think about this @EPAScottPruitt #EPA #EarthDay #environmentallyfriendly
Take your EPA coin and stick where you pollute every day. #resign #Grifter
You will always be remembered as an inflated, grifting goon and a member of a morally depraved Republican party.


Naturally occurring compounds in the air? Or damaging to the #Environment you tell me... Please
You're my favorite cabinet member. You know ur doing great when all the Marxist democrat libtards come out of the woodwork like the cockroaches they are to attack you with vicious hate. You threaten their religion of global warming, and like ISIS, they want ur infidel head.
bye bot
Your days are numbered.....
He’s your REPLACEMENT!!!!!
Fuck you Pruitt.
I want to thank the public servants that have exposed your lies and deceit of the American people. You’re a disgrace to the nation and I look forward to the day that you’re kicked out of office.
Continuing to ruin the EPA's reputation
Protect the #Environment.
Keep up the good work
Two choices. 1) You don't have kids so you don't give a sh*t about the planet. 2) You have kids but you hate them.

Actually, hoping for your sake you're just a bot.
Hey Paranoid Pollutin' Pruitt-do you send these emails from your $25k safe room?
I would also like to thank @Delta for providing outstanding first-class cabin service at taxpayer expense for me throughout my impressive tenure as EPA Administrator.  Keep Climbing!
All you have done has put our environment in greater danger and set the stage for polluters to line their pockets with profits that are unfettered by government protections. You are unqualified and corrupt. Resign.

Yeah he needs a bit of training before you #Resign
Considering our current experiment with #CorporateFascism... on #HolocaustRemembranceDay perhaps a Trumpian style nickname is in order for @EPAScottPruitt? I'm going with " #EnvironmentalEichmann"
He sure doesn’t have my support!
Dude- You HAVE to do better than this.  And proud of my representative being on top of it.  STOP WASTING OUR TAX PAYERS DOLLARS!
Will he be joining you on all you jolly holidays, freebies and blue lighted trips round town?? Asking for a tourist friend!
Rot in Hell Pruitt
You are unethical and corrupt. You need to resign immediately!
Wheeler previously an aide to Sen.Inhofe and a staffer on the United States Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works. In other words another climate change denier working AGAINST clean air and clean water. Another swine joins the chief hog at EPA.
Hey, it’s a tweet from our favorite Swamp Creature!!!!

Listen, I really need to get into a cheap condo.

Do you know anybody that could hook me up?

Thanks!

#ScottPruitt
They might have a few vacancies but you'll have to work for it. 
What’s the number to your secret phone booth? I have something I wanna run by you.
Resign
Resign.
Resign already, you paranoid grifter.
hang in there Scott, we are all very proud of you.
Let it be known Trump supporters are proud of extreme corruption, unpresidential waste of tax payer funds and destruction of our environment
#PruittMustGo #PruittGrifter
"I fully support the coal lobbyist to eventually replace me as the most corrupt EPA director in history."
He is likely your unqualified replacement
We look forward to you leaving the agency. #EnvironmentalEichmann
This song was recorded 3 years before your agency was founded. You have a duty to this country. Act like it.
How are your Delta miles coming along
