The people behind you at your “working breakfast” don’t seem so pleased to be there. Did you offer to bring them coffee? @Starbucks is always nearby.

Pruitt is 1st EPA head 2 need 24-hr security.He flies 1st class b/c ppl confront him about his actions in coach.He is spending 2 much of our $ 4 his own benefit&Republican Committee is looking into his expenditures.Stop spending our $ like it’s yours!
How much was it that you billed taxpayers for your expenses ? Does that cover strippers and hookers? I think traveling coach will work fine for you.

Guess who???
ScottPruitt is wasting tax money on luxuries for himself. He needs to resign for mismanagement of taxpayers taxes.
You're #1#Corrupt that is!
Surprised they didn’t punch you in the face murderer.

The Great Lakes contain 20% of the world's freshwater, have 10,000 miles of coast, and supply water to 40 million people.…
@GOP don't give a damn about children! #ScottPruitt #EPA
Phew....at least it was not you flying somewhere for this meeting. Those 1st class tickets are getting costly for We The People.
You should resign
Challenges like you can't turn America into a poisoned parking lot fast enough for your corporate donors?
Yet another case of #ScottPruitt shutting down essential services of Environmental PROTECTION Agency. Who or what does #Pruitt aim to protect besides himself b/c it's sure not our health, air, water or land! @LizBowmanEPA #DrainTheTrumpSwamp #PruittResign
#BREAKING: Trump EPA to shut down office handling research on chemicals' effects on children's health http://hill.cm/8Vd58qR  
Organic eggs or those from Oklahoma?
There is no @epa. You gutted it you #MoneyLaundering traitor.
So, yeah, about this... 

And Jesus should have nothing to do with the EPA.
From 365 Meditations with Pope Francis
Maybe u could borrow Ben Carson’s dining table?
You are an environmental challenge. Not going to regulate water for children? What is your problem? I’m glad people harass you on planes. You deserve a life of public scorn and hatred.
Should we assume that the “environmental challenges” you mention involve how best to neuter environmental regulations so that companies can trash the environment for maximum profit?
Did you talk about how you'd be ending an office that helps protect our children?
You're a turd of astronomical proportions.
#BREAKING: Trump EPA to shut down office handling research on chemicals' effects on children's health http://hill.cm/8Vd58qR  
Hey @EPAScottPruitt, You are not doing your job. We want law and order. You’re supposed to be hunting down and punishing polluters, instead you’re handing out get-out-of-jail-free cards.
You’re a fucking piece of shit
You're ugly & are absolutely unqualified for your job. 
Our natural environment has suffered  much more than it has benefited from your 'leadership' of the @EPA! 
Resign.
Mr. Pruitt, why don't you elaborate on the Progressive ideas discussed during your lovely breakfast paid for by the American public, instead of letting everyone know that you had breakfast? We really don't care what you ate, we want results. Can you share those please?!
#Liar
Up yours
You are a total con man.  You lead an agency you don’t believe in and are doing all that you can do to tear it down. I am disgusted
#FirePruitt #FireZinke #ImpeachTrumpNow
https://twitter.com/nrdc/status/968192752755277825 …. #MAGA
Did you talk about your:
ties w polluting industries
18 member security team
25 million $ phone booth
federal $ 4 private travel
anti-lobbying violations
personal email 4 fed biz
firing #EPA scientists
spying on employees
corrupt cronyism
or Morocco?
#PollutingPruitt
#FirePruitt
Perhaps you discussed these lawsuits?
#PollutingPruitt #FirePruitt #PoisonousPruitt #EPA
The Trump admin is one of the most self-congratulatory groups of men and women that have occupied any political office. The sad fact, though, is given how inept, clumsy, biased and unethical you are, there's really not much to be congratulatory about--sad maybe; congrats-no.
Hey Stupid, we are supposed to be cleaning up the environment, not polluting it. I know it’s easy to mistake, just like your ass is easy to mistake for your face...
But really, do you hate your kids so much that you will ruin the environment they live in? Dummy
And yet, faced with their own hypocrisy, they double down. Crazy shit
Scott Pruitt spent over $90,000 of government money on first class travel in June of this year alone.

Scott, your job is to protect our environment. Not to protect your first class seat.   Oh right, you work for the Koch brothers.
Bible says:
"The nations were angry, and your wrath has come. 
The time has come for judging the dead, and for rewarding your servants the prophets and your people who revere your name, both great and small-- 
and for destroying those who destroyed the earth." 
Rev 11:18
Whats your plan today Pruitt?
Pls help the calif farmers.
Resign
You're disgusting for threatening #MotherEarth
https://twitter.com/UNFCCC/status/967901517641670656 …
#ClimateChangeIsReal
Whilst it was cold in Europe today, a reminder that the  temperature in the Arctic was more than 20°C warmer than normal for this date. Dataviz vis @ZLabe. See how the red line for 2018 compares with the white line…
Did you have to travel for this meeting? What did it cost us this time?
Did anyone take minutes of the meeting? Or is this one of the meetings where you wanted no notes taken? You know that taking things off websites and avoiding recordkeeping are flashing arrows that you are up to no good. We are watching & donating to groups suing re: these actions
Is that a first class breakfast we paid for you to get governors to back your senate run?
Still always flying private or first class?
You are bought and paid for...your goals are dangerous to Mother Earth and those working with you to favor the Big Corps will be exposed. @AnacondaMineNV @Waterislife

YOU look forward to doing everything you can to make things easier for business at the expense of destroying and/or degrading our environment... water, air, soil.  I am supporting the NRDC, Appalachian Mtn. Club, World Wildlife Federation, ACLU to fight the bastards in Trumpdom!
Revelation 11:18 “The nations raged, but your wrath came, and the time for the dead to be judged, and for rewarding your servants, the prophets and saints, and those who fear your name, both small and great, and for DESTROYING THE DESTROYERS OF THE EARTH.”
God made us stewards of His creation, despoil His works at peril of your immortal soul.
I’ve got an unique environmental challenge for you.  You’re kowtowing to big oil and undermining the RFS at the expense of our Western states and the environment.
Get a dictionary and look up the word progress. The world you are looking for is “regressive”. Did you actually go to a real law school of was it one of those fake trump schools!
Oh except that the entire West is at tremendous risk from climate change and changes to water supply...you just ignore that...well done...
As God says: "Whoever oppresses the poor to increase his own wealth, or gives to the rich, will only come to poverty." Proverbs 22:16
Notice the absence of two governors who are LEADING ON CLIMATE CHANGE... BROWN AND INSLEE !!
Destroying the environment, one day at a time.
How Scott Pruitt Is Gutting the EPA on Behalf of the Fossil-Fuel Industry http://rol.st/2h4bMuV  via @RollingStone
Trump’s EPA Director Says Climate Change Will Be Good for Us
Some 300 scientists and environmental protection specialists have departed the agency during the Trump administration:
Trump EPA loosens regulations for "major" sources of air pollution http://hill.cm/HtD2V21 
Trump and Scott Pruitt post signs boasting about EPA deregulation, employees say it feels like a "slap in the face" http://bit.ly/2FeMQZ1 
Under Trump, E.P.A. Has Slowed Actions Against Polluters, and Put Limits on Enforcement Officers - The New York Times
EPA's Latest Water Attack: Protecting Polluting Power Plants | NRDC
Sadly this is the tip of the damage being done by @POTUS, @GOP, @SecretaryZinke, @EPAScottPruitt & @SecretaryPerry. I could go on posting all day long and not run out of heinous acts against us & the planet we live on & the public lands that are our gift to future generations.
Progress? You mean more pollution and no enforcement?

Num 35:33 ESV;NIV—You shall not pollute the land in which you live, for blood pollutes the land…  https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Numbers%2035:33-34&version=ESV;NIV … via @biblegateway
And sell off our public lands to your buddy Robert Murray so that he may develop coal mines where there once were Native ruins, stands of trees, beautiful vistas.
I hope our western governors gave you an earful!!! I hope they told you the truth to your face that your greedy, science-denial, planet polluting is NOT acceptable out west!!!
Pruitt, just the Western governors? What progress? You just travel 1st class & chg us! You have no idea how to save the environment only how to kill it. Why else would you have sued the EPA? You need to resign now!
You are f*ing up our environment.  Travel coach class. We pay for ur tickets
Scott, I think this guy speaks for all of us about how we feel about your 'progress.'
Did you meet with any of those states’ environmental agencies? No? Just the governors who have other agendas like you? #FirePruitt
Did u fly private to your office? The only people you listen to are industries looking to profit from reg rollback at the expense of our land and health. You are truly a disgrace
1. EPA has not made progress reducing air & water pollution this past year. 
2. EPA has proposed to increase air & water pollution more than any 1st year administration in EPA history. 
3. Your “solutions” & “results” are rolling back health & environmental protections.
California was there? Doubt it since you stand for everything we oppose.
I hope you heard them tell you that we don’t want oil drilling off our coasts, we want our water protected, we want to keep our gas standards and we don’t want you to cancel the Clean Power act.
More like u look forward to traveling around the country like a rich man on the taxpayers dollar while destroying all protections that keep the same taxpayers safe! Remember people this clown spent $14000 to travel around Oklahoma in one day! Look it up! #FireScottPruitt
YOU COULDN’T FIND A SOLUTION ON HOW TO TIE YOUR SHOES CORRECTLY!!!
You're a crook. @EPA
By progress you real mean pollution. Fossil fuel shill.
You are such a sham....you’ve done nothing positive for the environment....just steps to make it easier to pollute, log, mine, hunt, drill. You have no foresight other than lining your own pockets. You will not be in this job long.
Such a diverse group - never seen so many different shades of white
You are an extremely bad person
Resign okie, as you have injured America....
Please protect the people, not these members of the polluting elite.
Pigs
Progress for who? Industry? Corporate polluters? Definitely wasn't progress for action on climate change or progress on protecting children health.

History will not be kind to you
