11.5 million? Really? That's small change in their companies books compared to what they make screwing us and polluting the land for our future children. EPA is a joke now.

As the former public affairs chief for two federal agencies (in two GOP administrations), I can tell you that this is an INSANE amount of money for any federal agency head to spend on travel and security measures. Off the charts. https://twitter.com/chrislhayes/status/976228540906655745 …
“Job creators”... you mean big corporations??
Public comment? How about FuckYou? #FakeEPA
Homework time.

Is the public comment period open? The press release doesn't provide a link.
@EPA still waiting for a reply 
@EPA still seeking help about the public comment period
JOB CREATORS LIKE COFFIN MAKERS AND IRON LUNGS  AND DISASTER RELIEF
I can't keep up. Are we at war with Oceana or are they our allies again?
AND WE ALL DIE FROM CONTAMINATED WATER AND AIR BUT I HOPE YOU DIE FIRST AND SLOWLY GIVE BACK ALL THE 100 THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS YOU ARE TAKING ON THE BACK OF US THE TAX PAYERS
Jobs at the expense of 150 million lives

Tougher climate policies could save a stunning 150 million lives, researchers find
You are an oxymoron taken over by a scoundrel supporting his cronies and big industry. Seemingly promoting himself for future political campaigns + spending all kinds of first class seats with tax payer dollars! Sickening #firepruitt #pruittisafraud @GOP @DNC - investigations NOW
And what’s the cost in public health and contaminant cleanup? You’re only looking at one side of the ledger.
I Love You!!!NY LA
This is so wrong.
Pruitt is still stealing the taxpayers blind, engaging in fraud, waste and abuse.
Job creators? More like polluters! It’s maddening what you are doing here! Your job is to protect our environment & protect human lives & health. You are doing the complete opposite! You’d rather make these greedy, wealthy, polluting companies money.

Your leadership is a bunch of killers. You are supposed to protect our health and the environment, instead you harm our health, our lives, and the environment.
Now when are you going to save the environment?
That's literally NOT YOUR JOB!!!!

E-N-V-I-R-O-N-M-E-N-T-A-L  P-R-O-T-E-C-T-I-O-N  A-G-E-N-C-Y

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY

Environmental Protection… say it with me Scott
Oil, gas and coal interests filling Donald Trump’s ‘swamp’ with cash https://www.publicintegrity.org/2017/05/02/20848/oil-gas-and-coal-interests-filling-donald-trump-s-swamp-cash … via @Publici

Please remember the charter of the EPA. It is different from that of the Chamber of Commerce.
Why does network news pay so much attention to Pruitt's expenses and not to his outright hatred of the environment and his yet unborn grandchildren who will suffer from his actions.
How about you worry about protecting our environment and our communities?
But saving $$$ for corporations is NOT the mission of EPA. EPA IS THE Environmental PROTECTION Agency and has mission statements to protect environment and human health. Stop this for news propoganda.
There are two pdf files on this site, one containing the synopsis and the other containing the proposed amendment itself. Instructions for public comment are contained therein.
This is the future of the world. Please consider the savings of this project.
Corrupt republicans running the EPA
EPA spent 1$ million on Pruitt’s private jets so far.

I feel kind of bad for EPA’s social media folks. One day it’s about health risks of PM and lead (your job) and the next it’s about OMG we’re saving sooo many jobs by cutting regulations (you’re not doing it right). The outreach folks must be getting whiplash.
@EPAScottPruitt:
“That’s a lot of money for Mr. Pruitt to tour the Vatican,
pose for photos, & tell his European counterparts that
global warming doesn’t matter.” aGREED.
#PollutingPruitt #FirePruitt #PoisonousPruitt
#Trump #EPA #EIP #FOIA #TuesdayThoughts
Pruitt, what don’t you understand? You do know you were hired to PROTECT the Environment not destroy it! Did you fail all your science classes? Oh wait, you don’t believe in science. How the hell did you get this job? Lied your butt off.

Who writes this sh*t?
11.5M is less than the tax breaks for the top 1%.
Are you the Expenditure Protection Agency?
Thought your mission was to protect our environment...
Thank you President Trump!

@WhiteHouse @POTUS
The American people don’t want you to be doing any of this.  Stop. Get back to protecting the environment.
This is NOT you job. What are you doing about safeguarding Americans from ENVIROMENTAL hazards?
Nice hashtag.  The less EPA does the more money that companies save. Pollution is profitable #EPAinaction indeed.
Where, in all of this, is protection for the environment? It's NOT your job to give savings to business.  It's NOT your job to create jobs.  It IS your job to protect the environment.  This isn't a difficult concept.  #FirePruitt #EnvironmentalPollutionAdministration
Creating jobs alright.  Industrial waste clean-up teams and bottled water operations.  Who needs clean air, water, and soil?  Not the public!
Somehow I cannot believe anything you say is beneficial to the environment.
Lol! ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY-which part don’t you understand?
Your duty is to PROTECT THE ENVIRONMENT.  Not jobs. Do your job.
Supposed to be protecting the environment and human health.
Advertising saving money is not going to convince us that you are committed to protecting our environment, but rather the opposite.

Hey @EPA , show us on this doll where @EPAScottPruitt  violated you.
#PruittResign 
#FirePruitt 
@EPAScottPruitt
AWESOME JOB ADDING MORE POISON TO THE AIR!  Hey @AmerMedicalAssn , how do you feel about increasing the risk of asthma?
Serious question.  @EPAScottPruitt how does this equally protect the environment?read the documents. less required http://reporting.how  does this protect?Was it duplicate reporting?out dated? How about transparency so you actually can get credit if it’s not just a rollback.
Any news on climate change?
ok, what does it do for the ENVIRONMENT you tool
How many lives saved...that would be something to be proud of.
How many billions in damage cause by climat change?
More people potentially hurt. Woot, woot. You guys are da bomb.....literally!!
thank you EPA, proud and privilege to work for you in Alaska to reduce amount of hazardous waste.
EPA in shambles..
And why do u need a secret soundproof room 2 make phone calls, plus $130,000 for new office doors? U r making the swamp sink further downward. And stop flying private, go commercial.
That is NOT your core mission - you are NOT the Commerce Department nor the  @USDOL 

You are a sell out to big business and environmental polluters!!
“Job creators” is Orwellian nonsense speak. Stop using this ridiculous language.
BY THE NUMBERS:  EPA administrator's refusal to uphold the department's core mission and chooses instead to allow dirty corps to pollute as much as they want in order to turn a bigger profit:

 325.7 million taxpayers health at risk

#PaidShillPruitt
Your job is to protect us from them.  But your being headed by the devil himself @EPAScottPruitt so now it is to protect them.
As I understood your mission it was to protect the environment!  Not roll back regulations so polluters could save money.  IMO you are failing your mission.
That's not your job.
Hey, fun fact, did you know you can create jobs without endangering your workers or destroying the environment? WHO KNEW?
At what risk? 
Are these the points the EPA should be focused upon?
Your job is not "jobs"... Your job is to protect the environment.  If corporations are happy about what you are doing ... you are not doing it right.
Screw you. Your job is to protect the environment. You're failing with your cronyism.
Proud to repost.
But how many lives will it take?
