@WhiteHouse @NSCsafety how about telling people to control THEMSELVES? Dont abuse anything.
480,000 deaths from tobacco use and 41,000 deaths from secondhand smoke. This is a much bigger problem than opioids. From OUR CDC: http://cdc.gov/tobacco/data_s … #stopignoringthis #fixtherightproblems
Stop wasting our money and go home. Give up the job and pay back the amount you have wasted on your elitist sense of entitlement. Resign
RESIGN!
Why is Pruitt still there? He is the swamp!!  It is not bad enough, he is destroying our air and water, but, at the same time, he is ripping off the taxpayers. Donald Trump is nothing more than a hypocrite!!
Did he bring private security detail? Fly? Expensive lunch? How much did he scam us for?
Just what are they doing... and be specific
Sound Proof Phone Booth.
HOW MUCH DID THAT COST THE AMERICAN PEOPLE?  That's right you thieve.
The opioid crisis is just publicity for these drugs.
Staring at an expencive wall isn't going to help anyone. Not legalizing pot may have helped many people. Not allowing sellers to package pot to look like candy may help many kids. Not giving people welfare while they creep the streets looking for their next fix may help people.
I thought that was Kellybooboo's job
You are such a joke.
Did you have yourself surrounded by special forces, and have air cover?
@WhiteHouse @NSCsafety What in the name of clean air & water does this have to do with the EPA?
First class?  Soundproof fake phone booths?
Visiting a memorial is not nearly enough. We need Universal Health Care to help our children get well. They need treatment, they need therapy, and no one can afford it! Even if they could afford it they would be waiting years to get help and it could be needed numerous times.
How the EPA's Scott Pruitt Became the Most Dangerous Member of Trump’s Cabinet
Trump EPA to shut down office handling research on chemicals' effects on children's health:
Trump’s EPA Director Says Climate Change Will Be Good for Us
Some 300 scientists and environmental protection specialists have departed the agency during the Trump administration:
Trump and Scott Pruitt post signs boasting about EPA deregulation, employees say it feels like a "slap in the face" http://bit.ly/2FeMQZ1 
Under Trump, E.P.A. Has Slowed Actions Against Polluters, and Put Limits on Enforcement Officers - The New York Times
EPA has appointed Pruitt's own banker—who was banned from the banking industry for life—to oversee its Superfund program. https://theintercept.com/2017/12/28/scott-pruitt-failed-banker-running-epa-superfund-program/ … …
How Scott Pruitt Is Gutting the EPA on Behalf of the Fossil-Fuel Industry http://rol.st/2h4bMuV  via @RollingStone
Considering your efforts to increase pollution will kill an untold amount of people, this tweet of your underscores your hypocrisy as a fake Christian.
Many of those people memorialized probably needed the pain killers to handle the stress and sorrow of watching your greedy, unethical, dishonest, big oil/coal/chem/gas purchased, science denying, and polluting for profit destruction of our environment! #BootPruitt
Swamp monster.
Drug addiction is a bad way to go. But let's not give these people excuses. They are weak people. They need help, but it is their fault. If a doctor gives you a drug, and your not an addictive personality, you won't be addicted. Take responcibility for your actions people.
Pruitt is a crook. An elitist who feels entitled to waste our hard earned dollars. Did he take a private jet???
Trump personnaly profits from Opioid distribuion .
Thank you for taking the time to show you support Sir. It means a lot to those of us who have been impacted by the disease of addiction. – at Crofton Country Club
Looking at nothing, doing everything to kill America and earth
Why don't you get busy and stop the EPA from performing awful laboratory tests on thousands of poor, innocent animals!???
No one cares!  Pruitt is corrupt.
Do you bring your Cone of Silence along with you?
Of course you did you little treason weasel sycophant. When you are finally rightfully fired how will you cope without taxpayer funds to pay for your bizarre and extreme paranoia?
How many asking for your resignation mow? Go, you've destroyed the EPA,  nothing's left after you've robbed it blind.
The crisis is not next door. It's at 1600 and 1200 Pennsylvania Ave.
Shit for brains.
PowerPrayers 
You need to be fired, immediately!
A memorial to White drug addicts!
Criminal Pruitt should be locked up for stealing tax payers money
So far they have done nothing except run their mouths
Resign.
How is this administration doing anything to stop the dope crisis,Pruitt? He keeps hiring dopes like you and thereby increasing the dope crisis. I don’t get it.
#BootPruitt  I want my (taxpayer) money back. Grifter. You’re killing the environment!
Not doing jack shit.
Sacking you is one of the most important jobs that @realDonaldTrump admin is sitting on his ass on it.

РТВ БЕЛОГО ДОМА )
The Israeli blockade stopped the process of many works . !!

#YouthUnbound
Dear Mr Trump,
We voted for you most of us half dead or dead Last shot is you we been robbed over taxed lied to Please go All Zeros on them #ZeroIncomeTax 150 k zero same respect they give to America open borders+20 trillion debt is #Enough my dad had 1 life they robbed it #KAG18
Aren't you under investigation? Isn't this memorial within 500 yards on an elementary school? Better keep a low profile when leaving.
Did you and your security army helicopter in for that? How much did that cost? Take any free samples?
Resign chump !
Somebody tell me what this has to do with the EPA? I thought it stands for Environmental Protection Agency .
Crook!  #firePruitt
What about the deaths that will be attributed to your rolling back Clean Air and Clean Water regs?
Stopping everyday killers should include your removal of environmental protections that are ruining our waters, national parks, wildlife, impacting clean air and will, overall, suck the life out of everything.
This won’t fix the problem
https://youtu.be/OGE8nHH-Ikwizle  wac
With all due respect Pruitt, you are a piece of .
Stop playing Pruitt should be terminated today and ordered to pay the American taxpayers for his wasteful spending on personal comfort 
Use your sirens and yellow flashing lights on the way and back, Scottie?
Why is this man still on the job & what does the Opoid Memorial have to do with his dismantling of the EPA's regulations & his extreme theft of taxpayer funds for his personal needs?  This is probably an attempt by this void of a human to try to look like one but it won't fly.
Go do something positive for the environment, dipsh*t.  Expert @KellyannePolls is already on the opioid crisis. And don't take any pass-out naps again.
Thank you, sir.
Then...that must mean you own interests in drug companies. Were you trying to get them to push the opes?
You've not "resigned" yet?

You know what else is an everyday killer? The pollutants you are allowing back into the environment. Not to mention all the awful ways you are wasting taxpayer dollars. #PruittMustGo
What Americans actually think of @EPAScottPruitt:
Wish you cared as much about clean air, water and the environment, as you do about opioids and helping the fossil fuel industry.
What about people that are suffering from chronic pain and there is no other answer for them. They have to go to the doctor every 3 days to get their prescription renewed? That's absolutely ridiculous!
Eff you you thief...you're all only looking for ways to get richer off of it.  You don't give a shit about peiple and their problems. You only care about your wallets.
Is that your new apartment?
Great; nice to see you continue to do anything possible unrelated to protecting the environment which is supposed to be your job.
Resign.
Thank you for working tirelessly in behalf of all the grateful Citizens and even for the haters. Please for give them. God bless you always  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Patriot #KeepAmericaGreat #Qanon #WhereWeGoOneWeGoAll @realDonaldTrump
How many more bots does #Dufus45 have kissing his ass on #Twitter? This one isn’t even trying to appear like a real human @krassenstein @kathygriffin @jimmyfallon @iamjohnoliver
@EPAScottPruitt you're going down.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
Resign
People & animals die every day, from the mess industry (Gas&Oil&Coal) has caused. Children with asthma gasp for breath.  Grouse & other bird numbers decrease.  Frogs & fish are disappearing.  Admin Pruitt is CORRUPTED by his relationship to industry.  FIRE PRUITT NOW!
What another example of wasting tax payers $. I’m sorry for any person having to deal with death, but wouldn’t we better honor our loved ones with more Dr.and rehab facilities getting this $? I’m sure Pruitt went there on our dime too!!!!
That's not your job.

From @LFFriedman: A Guide to the Investigations Faced by Scott Pruitt, E.P.A. Chief https://nyti.ms/2JXysrs 
@WhiteHouse @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @USDA @DeptofDefense 
Thank God there's still intelligent, creative, imaginative PEOPLE in USA, not a bunch of idiot Republican climate deniers & big oil flunkies

"Decoding the Weather Machine — http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/nova/earth/decoding-weather-machine.html#.Wtf5NtvkfwY.twitter …
Repeal and Replace the NRAGOP

Today, I cosponsored a resolution calling for @EPAScottPruitt's immediate resignation. He is under multiple independent federal investigations regarding the waste of taxpayer funds. Meanwhile, he continues to slash programs critical to Americans' health. It's time to #BootPruitt.
What did your 20 person security team think of the exhibits?

Scott Pruitt Is now being investigated by the House of Representatives, Senate, White House, Office of Management and Budget, Government Accountability Office, and EPA Inspector General
https://beyer.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=826 …
Resign!
without words. Just leave now. You are no role model and you have no place in public service. Has your new landlord changed the locks already ?
Like you GAF! Just another photo op!
What does this have to do with the epa? Just do the job you are supposed to do
A visit is not work . Environmental terrorist Pruitt is dangerous
Hey you know what else is a crisis?  Ever hear of Climate Change?
You have no clue about the inflated Opioid issue, stop sticking your nose in and start trying to do your job for once, instead of ruining the environment for our kids
You are the poster boy for waste, fraud, and abuse.  Resign.
How much did that visit cost us??
You are a criminal resign
Why the hell aren’t you working on Environmental protection?  Waistin our damn money so you can ride around in a $60,000 Suburban??  RESIGN!!!
Did you drive there with you big boy sirens on? What did this trip down the street cost us...$100,000? Thanks for making pollution great again.
What are you doing about all the “prescribed to death” people that have inhaled asbestos?
Resign, criminal
Are you going to commision a wall like that for your office that costs $500k?@EPAScottPruitt broke the law at the  @EPA with his sound proof booth, so why not? #Corruption  #Crime #TrumpAdministration #EPA #PruittMustResign
Pruitt is the most brown-nosing one there- Pruitt; deregulating to death #FirePruitt
Is the FDA administrator going to visit the Memorial to What's Left of Our Environment?
@EPAScottPruitt is corrupt.
Yup.
Are they legalizing marijuana?
You do not deserve your job. Resign.
Go home, like, forever.
Great job #ScottPruitt! This angers #Dimrats because they need addicts to remain doped up so they vote #Liberal. 98% of all heroin enters through the southern border through #Mexico; That hooks a lot of drug addicts that vote #Leftwings so they can get their free injection sites.
Irony is dead
Pruitt, do you EVER get sick of being RATIOed ? - while u r asking your kids what this means, also ask if they believe in manmade global warming.  100-1 says they DO!!! #resist
How is this related to the EPA?  Your corrupt spending on the taxpayer's dime is inexcusable.  You should resign or be fired. You're a prime example of hubris rampant in this administration
Scott planning to prescribe soma to unsuspecting masses....
let's check the stats, shall we...
Oh please......
Like what are they doing to end the crisis?  I seemed to have missed their presentation of new solutions that would actually be effective. Please explain.
How much did that visit cost taxpayers? #FirePruitt
You have your own job. Stop carrying your boss’ water.
You need to resign and reimburse the #taxpayers for the funds you used for non #EPA items, like the 'Sound booth', First class airfare, the 'Door' oh and the cost of the 'Security detail you have been using. #Buffoon #Cheater #Liar
Why are you so dishonest?
Our excuse? Pruitt Done Doitt!!!..... YOU'RE driving us to Xanax, Ambien, Lortabs, Valium, Demerol...And, all kinds of alcohol! STOP spending OUR money and why BULLET PROOF CAR SEATS??  Give us a break! Seriously Pruitt, you need psychiatric help!
Your policies are disgraceful. You’re destroying an agency meant to protect the people and abusing tax payer money. Resign
Let me guess. You DROVE A REALLY NICE CAR:
Your pro-industry environmental standards will also be cutting lives short, so save the fake sanctimony. BTW, Trump isn't doing anything about opioids bc he's incompetent. Bernie Sanders has just drafted legislation. To fill the void, real leaders step in.
FIRE THIS LOSER NOW!!!!
how is it that you have not been disbarred for your complete and total absence of ethics?
Stop spending my fucking money!
Are u aware what climate change is doing to our health Mr. Pruitt. Hope u are paying attention
Live in Mi. --Flint water crisis, Nestle taking our water, Line 5 in the Straits needs to b shut down--WATER IS LIFE
National parks are monuments to the preservation of wildlife or nature, maybe you should think about the important work of protecting them.
Did you take your entire security detail with you? You can never be too careful. Maybe you should double the coverage? Taxpayers don't mind. You're that good!
Bullet proof seats, private phone booths, sirens to get to dinner, free condo, illegal raises? Pruitt living like a king on taxpayers dime. No wonder epa doesn’t spend money on cleaner air and water, Pruitt stole it all. #PruittMustResign
Go after the companies that give incentives to doctors that prescribe the bloody meds as well as the doctors.   If you start putting some of the execs in jail I bet you’ll see a reduction in the incentives and thus scripts written.
Like buying a new SUV with bullet proof seats!!! Pig

Omfg ... the trump admin put unqualified @KellyannePolls in charge. Also #resign
Do.  Your.  Job.
Now wonder why you're a hated man
What does this have to do with the EPA and their goals?
Yeah the Opiod crisis is a big deal but what the ENvironmental Protection Agency  @epa needs to do is #ActOnClimate #LeadOnClimate
RESIGN!!
How much funding is the Trump Administration providing for drug rehabilitation?
You owe us money back from your exorbitant spending! Are we cutting funding for meals on wheels just to lavishly fund your expectations?  Turd!
C O W A R D
T R A I T O R
@EPAScottPruitt have you always been a cowardly snake?
@realDonaldTrump What does the opioid crisis have to do with the environment?  Unless people are throwing their drugs into the water supply and I don’t really think that’s what’s happening.
@EPAScottPruitt everyone hates you! You are making the world a worse place!
Did you take a private jet? Helicopter? Sirens on your car because you were running late? I'm sorry @NSCsafety. The mere presence of this man taints your work.
What exactly does the head of the EPA have to do with the opioid epidemic? Did I miss a memo?
Outrageous behaviors death certificate all frauds @PutinRF_Eng tomography due! Same folks! Unlawful arrivals fund using probate lawyers prostitution rings! @DeptofDefense cab  drivers with USA md license of killers outlaws men vs women! All gender frauds charged©®
AIDS Quilting of addicts addictions practices @DocYilk NDC mistakes in foot fungi vs dead monkey !Uncomfortable  of ! Pharmaceutical companies involved all colors pandemic! Rhogam cures set! Grow in Petri dish use different medium. Play acids parasites Mexico Slide up©
Close all unaccredited schools©®identity theft! City of dead boys! Ignore gun wounds need tomography in outbreaks of behaviors! ©® Pick 1 with most & one with nearly nothing. Application same tattooing.
Terrorist employment racketeering nuclear dead event from nitwits in space! Actors b hard to watch that mess @TomCruise u tell big will he owe i for the few minutes i suffered Thur. In middle & fake astronaut say“...he fake ...”outlawed because i check his degree verification 1st
Manifestos of forgiveness! @Pontifex didn’t stop outlaws boots need review! Because it matters how they came to exist! Military officers cults failed to verify dual enrollment of uneducated spy! B unqualified in 2 locationsChurch errors©®Hypnosis hypocrisy NDC scams
Gender outlaws claims of first! Wont survive truth at failure to iud at application date! Birth certificate & she a real he©®
@netanyahu now at letters back to front! Built book wrong can’t b accurate©®
How much did that little PR stunt cost me?
Did you send this from your $43,000 booth? 
#BootPruitt
How much of your superfluous expenditures could have been used to lessen the opioid crisis?
Hey secret agent man, who do you owe money to that you are so paranoid as to need bullet resistant seat covers in your SVU? Stop wasting our money on your paranoid delusions.
So you wanted to visit the area on tax payer dollars and had your staff find you something to do there.
How is this #EPA  job ,and did u fly there in taxpayers dime?
did you run the siren getting over there?
Irrelevant for EPA.  FDA, HHS, yes.  Get to EPA work, Mr. Pruitt.
FU you F’n F.
Corruption to the bone
Please resign.
Heh how is that cone of guilt
Head Swamp Creature
Your a thief and an enemy of the planet. Take a first-class ride to prison.
I can’t hear you through that $46k soundproof booth you made us pay for.
You know why he needed that tho, don't you? It's so he can discuss bribes and kick backs he's charging the Energy lobbyists to approve their environment destroying projects! Wouldn't want anyone listening in on him enriching himself!
