Cooperative federalism doesn’t mean 1 state can dictate standards for the rest of the country. @EPA will set a nat’l standard for GHG emissions that allows auto manufacturers to make cars ppl want & can afford, while still expanding environmental & safety benefits of newer cars.
You are sooooo corrupt. Looking forward to the day it catches up with you....
You are absolutely wrong.
#CleanerCars are affordable, they save Americans money at the pump, and alleviate health & environmental impacts. Your corruption is transparent. How about you pay us all back for your expensive first class flights & $43K phone booth?
#BootPruitt
Why did you delete your tweet to me? I’m more than happy to answer. Studies have found current automobiles are  more dangerous because they have to make them lighter to get the mandated MPG. I drive a large SUV and don’t mind paying more for gas to keep my family safe
Emission standards have little to do with car weight. 
Vehicle weight & engine power can both affect consumption... but from the mid-80s on, technology innovation has generally been used to offset the impacts of increasing size, weight, power & other performance attributes.
How could the standards of environmental protection, ever on this planet be to high. Obama wanted the children of tomorrow to b able to breathe and keep their hair n not drink sludge
You are a horror show.....a very swampy horror show!  We will not rest until you are out of office!
They need to be much higher. As your Tweet demonstrates, you are exhibiting signs of Co2 poisoning - U R expressing delusional and abnormal interpretation of accepted scientific data in a way that endangers the Americans you have been entrusted to protect. Shame on you.
Please stop the chem trails in CA! We need rain and ppl r suffering f/ the awful chemicals sprayed into the air. 
#ClimateChange #ClimateChangeIsReal
FALSE
You're a criminal who needs to resign NOW.  Stop fouling our land, air and water. You have no right to do this to the people of this country.  karma will be a bitch.
You'll go to jail. Count on it.
Bullshit!
@EPAScottPruitt you’re among the most vile humans ever. Out of all the assholes @realDonaldTrump introduced to the world, you stand above all as the uniquely biggest asshole of all assholes! This from a Murray Weidenbaum - taught MBA at conservative Washington Univ. You know zip.
High standard better protect citizens. Business needs to adapt to regulation, not the other way around. This is obvious to anyone who isn't a corporate shill. Stay out of California, Scott.
You are a lying #grifter making backdoor dirty deals with greedy corporate.. your tenure is ending and you will be a nobody again but with criminal charges! #swampjailbird
#FirePruitt
The standards were not set too high. In fact: we’ve made more technological advances than the @EPA expected when they (and the automakers) set them: https://www.ucsusa.org/sites/default/files/attach/2016/06/Fuel-Economy-Standards-technology.pdf …
So much ‘science’ - plug-ins recharged off the grid are categorised as 0g per mile of Co2. You call that ‘science’? Laughable.
You’re right, they messed up there, which was kind of a giveaway to automakers, since now an EV is weighted as cleaner for them than it should be... the standards should be more stringent with that in mind!
In fact: feel free to reference our analysis to show how an EV compares to a gas car in different parts of the country:
We need to take our country back before it’s too late...
A running list of your scandals!  You’re a bad person!
Outrageous violations of Amer’sEPA Staates. Corrupt Pruitt needs to be removed & indicted for multiple counts of corruption, grifting Amer taxpayers treasury. GET PRUITT OUT
The standards are not too high  as far as we have come in 5 years we can easily meet those  goals. It is a matter of supporting and promoting sustainable , renewable energy instead of the fossil fuel industry your bedfellows
You are and will b Remembered of the guy who ran the EPA who didn’t believe in it, was a crook, spend taxpayers money on himself and you’ll go down in history as the disgusting man being who ripped up the American people
Bull! Oklahoma friends?
U R A D O U C H E
How disappointing that you can destroy good work so easily and be so proud of yourself!

When ur rotting in prison for various corruption charges, know this: you will have accomplished NOTHING. You will be forgotten. The Myth of Scott Pruitt’s EPA Rollback https://politi.co/2GFhvUw  via @politicomag
CLEAN AIR, WATER AND SOIL IS A "HUMAN RIGHT"!!!

High standards are something you or this administration definitely do not believe in. Only for yourself.
Says an expert denier of climate change
F*cking criminal
"Set the standards too high." Now those are words we all want to hear from our leaders.  We need to lower our standards and expect less.  That's just pathetic.

This guy....

https://www.politico.com/amp/story/2018/04/06/pruitt-was-the-kato-kaelin-of-capitol-hill-505658?__twitter_impression=true …
https://twitter.com/justinjm1/status/982628769184829441 …

Your arrogance is surpassed only by your venality.
LIAR! #FirePruittNow
YOU are WRONG!   Obama EPA regs were good and correct to make higher standards for environmental health NOT make the regs weaker to benefit Oil Industry.
Traci, could you post a copy of the Midterm Evaluation and any assumptions relied upon by the Obama Administration when determining its standards? No, I thought not.

Just another shrilling parrot...
#FirePruittNow
Yes, let's rape and pillage the land and air at will...no one should stand in our way! It's our RIGHT!
You're catching a lot of flak, so you must be right over the target. Excellent work! You're wonderful! Oklahoma LOVES you! Everyone except for the leftists loves you too!  =)
Oh wait, you with NO experience knows better?  #complicit
You're sexy and I would totally sleep with you but you're a terrible EPA administrator.
#Resign before you make America grotesque again! NYT: EPA Officials Reassigned, Demoted For Questioning Scott Pruitt's Spendinghttps://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/scott-pruitt-epa-officials-demoted_us_5ac68b86e4b09d0a1191a96a
#BootPruitt  NOW !!!

Pruitt is a cheat, unethical, robbing American citizens, 
thinks he's special (only to his future cell mate), and 
his breath SMELLS BAD  phew.

What's "wrong" is using your position to enrich your life and the lives of your friends and family. Are you sure your last name isn't Trump? You're a total disgrace. Please stop wasting our money.
Swampfucker extraordinaire!  Bye bye 
#FirePruitt #FirePruitt #FirePruitt
You’re going to be fired soon. But you’ll say you resigned. Got it.
Administrator Pruitt, . . it's clear that triggered Liberals are trying everything they can in an attempt to damage your reputation.
Please, Sir. . . watch out for the triggered Loons . . . .
What does not "comport with reality" is your preference for twisted biblical fundamentalism over evidence-based sciences that can help us recognize that humans can adversely affect environmental health. This was a real shithole appointment, @realDonaldTrump . Possibly your worst.
No worries about you ever setting “standards too high”, right Mr Pruitt?
By the time you’ve finished destroying clean air and water America will look like 3rd world banana republic.
Thanks.
@1fritiof
Wrong.  Your problem is you r fueling far left response. We need strong enviro protections w/o over protection. Obama EPA did a bad job w/Clean Power Plan despite needing ghg emission reductions. Now u r making left over react.
Why do you hate clean air?
Obama Administration had their EPA put many innocent people in prison.  One Example Joe Robertson in Montana who was incarcerated for having a stock pond on his own property..abuse at the highest level.  Hopefully now things will change.  I believe Robertson is still in prison.
Not in agreement with you here Governor. President Obama encouraged cleaner new and alternative fuel vehicles as well as set higher mpg standards. We want our next generation to breathe clean air and be able to afford those vehicles.
Please don't cave in to the greed pressure. Please please please keep the standards high - make them higher! We have the intelligence & ingenuity in this country to meet those standards. You demean us. Other countries will surpass us!
Pruitt isn’t caving he’s profiting off the handouts he gets from the lobbyists. Destruction of our air and water means nothing to him.
It was not wrong! Go to Europe, ECONOMY!!!
Hey #PresidentPruitt, once you get canned, can I take over that sweet lease for your condo??
Obama was right, and you’re wrong and you will be punished for your evil acts. Good to know you’re living in fear of being discovered. Better to know you’ve already been discovered
Sounds like a fat lot of bullshit to me. And f*ck your official propaganda site. No one trusts any of this sh*t administration's official sites, anymore. They're full of vague, made-up nonsesnse, half-truths and outright lies.
And the worst part is WHY he perpetrates this fuckery! Cotdam it. Pruitt, zinke and trump are the axis of evil!
RESIGN! NOW! Parasite!
Yea! Clean water & air, pesticide free milk, no fecal matter in packaged food, rivers or faucet that dont catch on fire, vehicles that are efficient etc are too unrealistically high standards. Environmental Pollution Administration. #letThemEatShit


How can you make such sweeping changes to our clean air and clean water protections when you expel scientists from the discussion? This is not about Obama or any individual. Or is it, Mr. Pruitt? Please come out of your sound proof secrecy and explain yourself.
When is it ever bad to set high standards? #TrumpsStooge #TrumpsSycophant #TrumpsFoolCabinet #HowDoesHeStillHaveAJob
The point is not to allow one state to regulate 50.
I believe his point is to demolish any regulation that helps the environment and keeps the earth clean for our children in order to allow companies to make more money. Which, broken down, means sacrificing the future of the planet for money in the pockets of CEOs and shareholders
Any idea how delusional, angry and hyperbolic you sound?
I am angry, but neither delusional nor hyperbolic. I am curious as to which part of my statements you believe are hyperbole.
The only standard set too high is the one we have for you.
And your motivations are pure?
Again it is laughable that the person in charge of PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT is doing everything to deregulate the laws to protect it. You are an unethical crook.
wow
You're a liar.
@EPAScottPruitt not sure if they told you but you are living on this earth too once your gig is up. Brown air is not good for the lungs. Let’s try to avoid that. Slow your roll on all lifting all these environmental measures. America doesn’t need or want them lifted. Ask us.
You cancel studies by reputable scientists in order to continue destroying the environment and rewarding your friends.
You are a crook! You work for us and are wasting our money on yourself and staff! Resign

You are wrong. Can’t wait until you are gone
Hey do me a favor. Go sit in a room and put on CNN and hold your breath. Breathe once cnn reports he is gone. Thanks!!
You really don’t care about future generations do you?
Why are you killing future generations of children with your poor judgement
You're standards are in the gutter.
You’ve spent a career attacking the EPA on behalf of the people you now seem inclined to reward.
You are a farce of any sort of leader, and part of the larger sellout of our government & our country.
Around here, you don’t put the foxes in the henhouse.
Resign, grifter.
liar. You’re violating your oath and taking bribes. The swamp just keeps growing bigger. You might fool that grifting dotard, but you’re not fooling all of us
You @EPAScottPruitt have violated the public trust repeatedly: spending our tax dollars frivolously & taking bribes. Your politically expedient move to boost #airpollution & slash #cleancars standards is a last ditch attempt to avoid being fired by @realDonaldTrump #BootPruitt
The previous administration used scientist - real scientist not political scientist like you. You know nothing but corruption. Go back to OK is they'll have you. Hope one of the earthquakes knocks you down
So now cars will need more gas to go the same distance.  Who does that help? Oh right--the oil companies.
Even Pruitt is playing the "It's Obama's faults game!  Time to drain the Trump swamp!
#PruittMustGo
OMG, you should actually be head of the new Torture dept, soon to be formed.
You’re a nazi. #LOCKTHEMALLUP
You are on a roll.  What else can you do to,kill Mother Earth and the people and animals who live here?  I suppose @realDonaldTrump likes to surround himself with people as stupid as he is.  And you fit the bill exactly.
Why go backwards? All that needs to be done is look at pictures of Calif. & other Large cities in the past and see the difference between than and now. Air quality has changed for the better for humans and the environment. Im so tired of money and greed thats trying to destroy us

The current administration was wrong to appoint you. #resignNOW
How about you suck on the tailpipe of ANY new American made automobile and then try telling us the standards are too high...
Are you going to tweet your resignation or is the president going to do it for you #askingforafriend
You should resign and repay the taxpayer money that you are squandering.
If you like dirty air, which it appears that you do, MOVE TO HANOI.
CORRUPT PIG. SCUMBAG
And simply put, you set the bar too low. Hell, is there even a bar?
Setting the bar high makes humans want to attain the goal. You've done nothing for innovation. You're fine with the status quo. Conservatives - only concerned with themselves and the "here and now".
Scammer!!
Ask your future grandkids as they will be ashamed you did not care to accept science and help our environment.  Their lives forever marked with your bad decisions all because of money.
Fvck your bullst press release, fvck your corrupt actions not based in science or in the interest of ALL Americans. Resign. Resign. RESIGN.
Says the man whose hand is deep in the pocket of energy companies.
Ethics experts are increasing questioning aspects of @EPAScottPruitt’s leadership and operations. #SwampThing is ruining the EPA.

Work fast #CrookedScott your going to be Fired. #BootPruitt

#KochBrosWhore 

@realDonaldTrump 
@RajShah45 
@PressSec 
@SecretaryZinke 
@SenateMajLdr 
@SpeakerRyan


There’s no such thing as setting the standards too high. I’m very thankful that, despite @POTUS White House rollbacks, most companies do actually care about the environment and are making efforts to do better.
Yes, because we wouldn’t want ANY standards that were high during this administration.
Gov Jerry Brown is destroying State of CA
Leaders are finally discovering that his methods are crooked, owned by Lobbyists and controlled by many Leftist groups.

Many Leaders are now suing Gov & State who don't want to follow his cabol of gangster taxing ppl to death
You're doing damage to the environment with your "relaxed" pollution standards. Your responsibility is to work for the good of the people, not for oil and auto manufacturer ptofits.
#FirePruitt 
#FirePruitt
Liar
With his war on #ClearAir this is What Scott Pruitt and his Environmental Plundering Agency @EPA wants to return our Air to!  It’s all for big business and the payback in Pruitt’s  pocket!
Sad that you don't care about our environment.  

P.S. Climate Change is a serious concern.
Thanks, Scott. We Americans hate high standards now.
#FirePruitt
It’s just mind-boggling how you can continually put the health of people - and the planet- secondary to your politics and disdain for the previous president. Relaxing strong regulations will result in people dying and the blood will be on your hands.
Seriously? YOU talk about standards?

https://twitter.com/yayitsrob/status/981131614200745984?ref_src=twcamp%5Ecopy%7Ctwsrc%5Eandroid%7Ctwgr%5Ecopy%7Ctwcon%5E7090%7Ctwterm%5E3 …
How about ethics standards?
You sure like your little luxuries - that we have to pay for!
Why do you need 30 bodyguards?
You should know about standards being set too high!
EPA stands for Environmental Protection Agency! Not Environmental Plundering Agency! Go pack your bags and return to the Koch brothers, where you belong!
For someone hired to oversee clean air, water & earth, Pruitt sure is DIRTY. Not only has he made it his mission to reverse everything Obama, reject science, make huge budget cuts & sell our environment, but he's given himself lots of expensive perks. Greedy & morally challenged.
Are you still here?
Seriously? YOU are the one taking out regulating for political gain. The previous administration is the one that installed them so we have clean air and drinking water. Important stuff
nice raises you gave two of your staffers! A 28k increase for one and a staggering 56k increase for the other! how do you even justify this? I hope you get fired and they have to go with you.
Did these staffers earn $50K in Oklahoma and then move to DC?  If so those raises probably did not pay the increase in taxes and cost of living.  You seem to be going off without relevant information.
This is the WRONG move -- to unravel this wonderful legislation that starts helping reverse the effects of global warming -- which we as the largest consumer of energy in the world, have a responsibility to do. The EPA is supposed to protect our environment, not destroy it.
Kill yourself
Regressive, robbing or children of a future with cleaner air. 

This kind of claptrap and denial is why decades passed and so many millions have died from smoking related illnesses. 

I will only buy all electric cars from now on, powered by a home pv grid.
Liar
In other words, big oil is paying you to screw the environment. You will do anything to line your own pockets. Your decisions are transparent & lack facts.
Shame shame shame. How can you accuse others of having assumptions that don't comport with reality when you won't even acknowledge climate change is happening?
Climate is always changing.  Wake up and read something other than political rants.
Resign you corrupt asshole
Sure hope you get INDICTED... https://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/02/climate/epa-pruitt-pipeline-apartment.html … <--- #Corruption
If US is not doing anything regarding emissions, Europe and other economic zones will. I can only say that this will cause mid to long term problems to US automakers if they want to be world leaders. Doing is learning and there's no use of ignoring the facts and trends.
Take your big $$$ executive job with an extraction industry company payoff already and leave us alone.
Liar.
Better check your dungarees, Scottso... your pants are on fire.  
#SleepingWithTheIndustry
#Anything4Petroleum
#EPA 
#Pruitt 
#PleaseGoBack2OK
What is the political benefit derived from choosing to use extreme caution where the future fate of our species is involved? What if you're wrong Admin Pruitt. We can revise a report so profit keeps flowing, but cannot simply revise our only life support system and say, oops!
Pruitt, you're an idiot and a sellout.
The car manufacturers didn't even ask for this.
Concerning the supposed impact of co2 on climate change please consider requiring all raw data to be published on the EPA website.
Listen to this gobbledygook. What he’s saying is he hates the planet and wants it to burn up.
You are right, U.S. standards are too high
You are the devil incarnate, scottie
Tell us more about your illegal condo kickbacks, please...

Are you still renting a condo from an oil lobbyist at "favorable" terms?! Oh this will be a nice one for the next Justice Department to tackle...jail time for you buddy 
What does it feel like to have your tongue so far up the oil industry's ass?
This is what LA looked like when I was a teenager. I don’t want this back, so I drive a 2002 Prius that still gets 48 miles to the gallon.
Your a lobbiest puppet. Why would Americans want dirtier air AND more expensive transportation costs? Why don’t you ask the people what they prefer instead of letting oil companies make the decision for us? Asshat.
#GasPumpPruitt wants us to continue our dependence on foreign oil. What a true patriot! 
There was a time when one could take what the epa said as science backed truths.  Now it’s just lies.  Save it.
We know you were placed there to destroy the agency. You won’t get away with.
I like being able to breathe the air and drink the water. You are helping to destroy that. Shame on you.
Resign but please don't come back to Oklahoma
Hey!!!!  How can I get me one of those spectacular rental units????
Resign
Can’t wait until you lose that 24 hour security team we’re paying for so you can catch a beating you deserve
You are an evil and corrupt man.
One wonders how much pay off money you're getting. Must be yuge!
Why is this administration determined to make us fall behind the rest of the world? If you actively set out to sabotage our future you couldn’t do a much better job.
Shame on you. Tough goals lead to innovation.
