This "streamlining" is bullshit. Your job is to protect the environment and wildlife from devastation not sacrifice them for profit. Remove the GOP from power!
You are a termite, Mr Pruitt, destroying the planet for my children by eating away at the very substance of rational, scientific discourse.

total moron just like @realDonaldTrump
Pruitt doesn't beleive in climate change! Pruitt doesn't care about the environment. Oklahoma just put it's 54th lake on the list of those poisoned with mercury.
Quit resign replace my tax money you wasted building WHAT? You don’t get to STEAL my/AMERICA’S money you will quit resign quit or maybe you need to go to prison for fraud & GRAND THEFT!

What a joke! Without sacrificing environment? You do everything but protecting the environment.  Stop lying.
Don't pretend @EPAScottPruitt @POTUS @EPA is doing anything for the environment except opening it for business and corporate profit
You're a corrupt criminal.
This is what you call talent! Keep on draining that swamp #ScottPruitt. You are a true steward of the #Environment. The decent people are sick of the #econuts' false-green propaganda.
Sounds like you have an issue with the #hobgoblins in your head that #CNN  and other #FakeNews implanted there, as opposed to the reality that @EPAScottPruitt is purging the leftwing swampmonsters once and for all and finally bringing in swift and deserved justice.
Bwahaha. Pruitt is slime. Unqualified for his position and is unethical and devoid of any morals. I'm a Republican, yet I see clearly how he and majority of cabinet heads are systematically destroying their respective offices. You're obviously a cult member, facts allude you.
I'm irrational? Lol No. I actually have facts that support my statements. And, using that word, libtard, is juvenile. Both parties need to be ridden of all the bad apples. What I admit to - I am a conservative who is horrified of how low and disgusting the Rep party has become.
You're all hate-induced emotion; devoid of facts and data. #Trump is running a well-oiled machine that is picking up more steam every day. Be patient. A vast majority of his electoral promises will be fulfilled. The people spoke; they want his platform; And Trump is executing.
He's draining the swamp and the sewer rats that came with the sewage he brought in are leaving in packs...............

Scott - you’re not fooling us - we see how you are smugly destroying the environment so you can pocket cash while leaving a toxic world for future generations..
Do the world a favor and resign!
It’s total nonsense that this Pruitt memo does not sacrifice environmental protections—that’s all it does. Here’s a thread explaining how it allows industry to increase harmful air pollution significantly & evade pollution controls.
Thread: it's a day that ends in -day, so it must be time for the latest Trump @EPA & @EPAScottPruitt rollback of pollution safeguards-this time letting smog & soot & lead increase across America. https://www.nrdc.org/media/2018/180313-0#.WqgyhnVwWnY.twitter …
John, you are completely misrepresenting this action. The NSR streamlining makes no impact on the overall outcome of the NSR process.
RESIGN NOW



Want to explain your 50K booth of silence? What could possibly be so secret in the EPA? Is is that you don't want the people you serve to hear you selling them down the river? Fucking grifter. I hate you.
Where are your travel documents, Pruitt?
We want a refund of the $43000 you spent on your stupid illegal Secrecy Phone Booth- paid for by taxpayers!!
@EPAScottPruitt continues to waist taxpayer money.
Just because you don’t care about your children don’t assume we don’t care about ours
You are sacrificing environmental protections! You are harming our environment; our land, water, air & wildlife. Every decision you’ve made is dangerous, wrong & only benefits ONE person .. companies. You are against @EPA our world, US & our health & a clean, green future 
Scott Pruitt mocks sensible regulation that saves lives as burdensome to business.

Do polluter businesses own you,  Scott Pruitt?
 you sacrifice
produce your travel documents you grifter.
Pruitt has zero interest in clean air and water. He is a shill for industry who want to pollute oceans, rivers, air, soil, and food. Who cares if more carcinogens are in the atmosphere? Who cares about toxic substances in our food? As long as big oil & big chemistry make $$!
You sir, are overly burdensome.

“So, process matters and we should respect that and focus upon that and ... avoid abuses that occur sometimes. Guidance through – through making – or using the guidance process to do rule making,” said @EPAScottPruitt on his first day at EPA.
That is just not true, look up how many crude oil leaks we have had and how much the overall pollution rate has increased since this administration has taken over. They are shrinking our national parks and now want uranium mining around the Grand Canyon
Is it #AirPruitt or #PruittAir? 
"facilitates" -- You are even more incompetent than I could imagine!
"Streamline" is Pollutin' Pruitt's word for "do away with." You're deplorable!
Scott, your verbal diarrhea epitomizes a truly venal and undereducated human being.  It does sacrifice environmental protection.  You either don’t care or can’t understand the impact because your lack in proper scientific training.
I'm assuming "streamlining" is your legalese for allowing companies to bypass NSR requirements all together?  Allowing CO, SO2, particulates, lead, etc. to flow unregulated into our air? Please publish your "guidance advances," I want to read them.
Scott when you say “without sacrificing environmental protections” do you mean the exact opposite?
Quit already 
Translated: ‘we’re gonna let them pollute all they want as long as the check doesn’t bounce’ .
Yar a liar
#Crook #Liar #Corrupt
Scott Pruitt missed the deadline to provide Congress with records on his first-class flights. Taxpayers still have questions. 
http://thehill.com/policy/energy-environment/377990-pruitt-misses-deadline-to-hand-over-travel-docs-to-congress …
...This statement brought to you by Chevron. Chevron, the top tier gasoline.
Just more poisoning of the environment, way to “MAGA” ..
Cause we need air pollution more than anything else? Resign now
Congresuliston sir.
Yeah, that will work-significantly reduce time for scientific analysis and community input.  All those superfund sites are just anomalies—“who could have known the groundwater would be poisoned for 100 years!”
No wonder this guy has to have a security detail
Do you have investments in bottled water companies? 

Contaminate public water supply = make a fortune.
Nice everybody.
I love when you make the enviro-nazis cry. Keep up the good work.
Your fear is disgusting.
Isn't sacrificing environmental protections exactly your agenda? Do you still think climate change is a good thing? What about the drinking water in Flint. The leaks in the Dakota pipeline? Money matters more to you than protecting our world. Resign.
So what does this do to public health and environment?
In a nutshell, less regulations and more pollution. (Just in case they don't respond to you.)
Scary his disregard for public health
Maybe I should have not answered to see if you'd get a response? I never get one, but I'm not a fan these days.
Nah he never foes
Sure, Scotty. Dump your mining waste into the water, knock dwow forests and build willy-nilly over wetlands. All for what? $$$?  You certainly are your own best argument against the idea of "evolution."
Killer
This song was recorded 3 years before your agency was founded. You have a duty to this country. Act like it.
