
Both of you..............
So, yeah, about this... 
Too arrogant & cowardly to fly coach. Your carbon footprint is off the charts. #PolluterInChief #RepealTheGOP
total bullshit.

Can I buy some pot from you?

We also see Pruitt costing taxpayers money because he's terrified people will be mean to him on airplanes.

He's just another of Trump's bullshitters.
Special place in Hell
I am so completely mortified and embarrassed that you come from my state.  Absolutely disgraceful how you are dismantling the EPA.
We see optimism because of Robert Mueller
That's desperation, not optimism.
no, it's optimism.. He is the ONLY person that is going to make sense of this night mare.  If you too think scott pruitt is doing a great job keeping our environment pristine? You are on drugs.
You are on drugs if you think Mueller is going to be the savior. The only thing this farce has uncovered is more of Dem dirty deeds. That and cost millions. Educate yourself on coal and stop listening to Al Gore, it's embarrassing.
If this many people around - and near the top of - a President Hillary Clinton campaign had pled guilty to multiple felonies, how many Republicans would be saying: "But it probably has nothing to do with her?" 
We'd be deep into impeachment by now.
Again, educate yourself, because now you really sound like an idiot.
How can anyone be found guilty attached to Hillary, since they haven't been indicted yet? It's coming, you might want to get your kleenex.
You need to get laid
You should close your legs and open your mind.
 fake news
Lies, lies, lies. Its not optimism its called ignorance. Why are you against science Mr. Pruit? Taking money from big corporations to overturn environmental protections maybe?

The Great Lakes contain 20% of the world's freshwater, have 10,000 miles of coast, and supply water to 40 million people.…
He looks positively giddy. Did she promise a happy ending?

What do you call two weasels?

Scott and Jeanine
#Corrupt!
Liar
BS!

. @EPAScottPruitt is a CRIMINAL and must be REMOVED.
I don't know what Kool-Aid you people are drinking. You should all #resign
You’re awful. Every action you’re taking is hurting our air, water, soil, animals, and people. You need to go.
Once again Judge Jeanine filling the air with nothing but rhetoric, and no facts. Do you realize that beautiful Clean Coal, is anything but beautiful or clean? It's full of coal dust for the miners, and lots of hydrogen sulfates for the environment. Both of which will kill you
And if it were an Obama administrator flying First Class & using high cost hotels you'd have been ripping them apart. Nice to know your values are for sale!!!
Strangely the weather acts kinda erratic, but that’s no climate change... right? @ScottPruittOK
Are you wacky?! DT's approval numbers are LOWEST EVER!!!!
'New CNN poll:

Trump's approval slides to 35 percent.

Among women, it's 29 (!), and among young people it's 22 (!!).

And Trump trails all previous presidents' approval at this point by double digits.'

https://twitter.com/ThePlumLineGS/status/968083040764350464 …

https://www.cnn.com/2018/02/25/politics/cnn-poll-trump-approval-matches-low/index.html … …
New CNN poll:

Trump's approval slides to 35 percent.…
He has a 35% approval rating. Are you sure you understand what optimism means?
Scott Pruitt is the wolf in the hen house, and Trump put him there. We Americans know when it comes to environmental issues, the record shows that Pruitt has been a virtual lobbyist for the state’s oil and gas companies, the agricultural industry, and other business groups.


#Triggered #snowflake
Someone should s either a lunatic or just a damned fool. Trump is no leader. Seriously?
This might be the funniest tweet I’ve read all day! Thanks for the laugh @EPAScottPruitt @FoxNews @JudgeJeanine ~ leadership? You’re talking about @realDonaldTrump ??? This IS #FakeNews
The amount of pollution fines collected by Trump’s EPA has plummeted compared to that of past presidents: http://bit.ly/2F01Z3Z 
There's going to be so much we'll have to fix.
STFU

Only thing people see when they see you is devil horns and green eyes
Scott Pruitt what a freaking joke
Embezzler
Are you guys tripping balls?
I wish I could run something I despise. You know, like the NRA.


The president doesn't lead! He signs bills blindly and acts like a spoiled baby if he doesn't make money.

Trump’s EPA Director Says Climate Change Will Be Good for Us
Some 300 scientists and environmental protection specialists have departed the agency during the Trump administration:
Trump EPA loosens regulations for "major" sources of air pollution http://hill.cm/HtD2V21 
Under Trump, E.P.A. Has Slowed Actions Against Polluters, and Put Limits on Enforcement Officers - The New York Times
EPA's Latest Water Attack: Protecting Polluting Power Plants | NRDC
EPA has appointed Pruitt's own banker—who was banned from the banking industry for life—to oversee its Superfund program. https://theintercept.com/2017/12/28/scott-pruitt-failed-banker-running-epa-superfund-program/ … …
How Scott Pruitt Is Gutting the EPA on Behalf of the Fossil-Fuel Industry http://rol.st/2h4bMuV  via @RollingStone
Sadly this is the tip of the damage being done by @POTUS, @GOP, @SecretaryZinke, @EPAScottPruitt & @SecretaryPerry. I could go on posting all day long and not run out of heinous acts against us & the planet we live on & the public lands that are our gift to future generations.
Hahaha
Grrrr. He's ruining the environment! I would never threaten him but I can see where others might.
Hey Fox - Do you allow her to drive a car for work related assignments?
Drunk speeding judge!!

Where are you looking?

In the polluter-friendly circles #FirstClassPruitt travels, I don’t doubt he sees optimism.
I can’t wait for those hard hitting questions about his swamp like bilking of taxpayer money for his travel! Oh wait...

CNN Poll: President Trump's approval rating drops to 35%, matching his lowest level yet http://cnn.it/2EU9je5  
CNN/FOX NEWS should be tried for Treason.
I just see fear from the things Scott Pruitt says and does. I get dumber every day just listening to him talk about environment issues. Science being replaced by religion, ignorance and greed?
So very true!!! 
Either of you ever go on a real news network? I know Scotty won’t because they might call him out on his lack of qualifications and character.
What world is fake Fox News leave in?
BREAKING: Fox News reports that Donald J. Trump has a 93% approval rating among Trump supporters! FYI: if you look very closely, in the bottomit say #CPAC

We are rating this posting from Fox Newsapproval rating.

The @NRA is issuing ultimatums to candidates. "Toe the line or else." If the NRA is doing this in Wisconsin, then you KNOW that they're doing it all over the country!! #NRAIsATerroristOrganization…
Joke:

How do you know Scott Pruitt didn't play baseball as a kid? 

He never said "Put me in coach"
Historical documentaries will show this dispicable piece of propeganda & future generations will cringe.  @ScottPruittOK and this administration of dim wits will NOT be forgotten for their attempts to distroy institutions, and worst of all our planet in the process. #fuckfoxnews
Planet Killer Pruitt. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Benito_Mussolini …
Incorrect. That wold be approving of murder.
Only among is minority base.
War on coal is as phony as the war on Xmas- amazing anyone buys this mulachky
Do you hire only fiction writers for your news program scripts?
Of course people are optimistic, they've been on this uptrend for nearly a decade. Sweet Jesus that man's a moron, just like POTUS
You are so very wrong. POTUS and other GOP leadership only sow discord and hate.
bull!
The optimism you see I people are starting to see the end of this administration and the bs they stir up
#ClimateChangeIsReal #ResistTrump #WorstPresidentEver
Instead of resisting trump. 
Resist you're urge to bitch and moan
Instead of writing like crap, learn to write coherent sentences and let people moan and bitch all they want. I'm sure you'll be all moans and bitches once it's #MuellerTime and the #WorstPresidentEver @realDonaldTrump gets run over by that #TrumpTrain of his.
No self control at all

Yes.  Optimism that this whole administration will go down in .
Price is gone. Your next Pruitt!
Two fucking wackos.
Fly FIRST CLASS again and stay in a luxury hotel again? Was the JJ BJ a first class BJ?
Can you hear my screams from wherever you are....
What planet do you two live on???
Frickin hilarious! The POTUS deemed the worst ever in US history is nothing short of a bumper car, blundering, a ship rudderless, an administration in meltdown, a joke across the world. On what planet do you exist?
The objective of journalism is BE OBJECTIVE. Not for the journalist to forward their own political bias and agenda through a puff piece where no tough questions are asked.
Judge Jeanine loves corruption. Giving Pruitt a BJ on the Faux "news" network. Wasted Catholic education at Notre Dame HS in Elmira.

Trump as an ambassador for the Fox News channel.
Are you serious Scott? Do you realize that the regulations were there to protect us, if you get rid of them you are exposing the American people to harmful chemicals and other things and putting there health in danger.
Some want to stop immigration, have everyone packing guns. That way we average Joe's, can kill each off and leave the country to the few that really deserve it, The Rich. One problem with that plan. Planet Earth Dead.
You kidding right
Back in the Real World  #TrumpColluded
You just had the foolishness to air segment about the Dakota pipeline and showed Trump announce how he deregulated both. He owns the freaking pipeline. The one that leaked polluting the environment. He also has$1 million plus dollars invested in six major oil companies.
The EPA administrator is supposed to protect human and environmental health not corporate profits. What a shill. This interview is just another sequel to dumb and dumber.
Pruitt would fill the Grand Canyon with concrete if he thought he could make $100 from it.
Earth criminal, destroying our planet. Failed in his mission to protect human health and the environment
We see indictments, investigations, corruption, collusion, Conspiracy and Treason  on the Mueller channel.
19 indictments for handed down this week alone. Yet you continue to deflect just like Trump.
Everyone in the Trump administration:
Delusional
Have you been knocking on peoples bathrooms looking for OPTIMISM FOX because I don't see much of it in America!
Leadership.......really.
Optimism? People are so freaking angry at what you are doing you claim you can't even fly coach because of it. This administration is full of liars.
#ICallBS
Of you listen only to your own voice your world will be in order. If you don’t care about anybody but yourself your world is in order. You won’t even know that you are an arrogant partisan egoist.
GTFOMF With this bullsh!t..
Optimism? Only for the day that crooks like @ScottPruittOK (who is more interested in #money than the #Environment ) and the #TrumpCrimeFamily are in #jail. #MuellerIsComingForYou



what people Fail to understand, many of the regulations put in place? Were put there not Only to protect our environment.  IF Clean air, soil, and water are at all important to you? Regulations were put in place to protect the working man. From accidents.
If you are a logger, or an Oil pipeline guy..and you get injured on the job? You may never work again. And..the way they have their health care set up..you may not be covered as much as you think you are. You may find yourself bankrupt
A Great Stuff, reminding every Patriots of this country who made it possible by electing a GREAT VISIONARY LEADER DJT. as we have seen the differences between the  3 previous Con artists who represented as politicians for their own pocket, NO MORE.
This guy took the EPA to place of national disgrace.
 
It may be yourself  but this president it is not honest
Is that why the majority of Americans consider the USA to be off its tracks? Crooks like @EPAScottPruitt should not be in charge of running the government.
Is that the same "optimism" you see from the public that prevents you from flying coach?
Optimism? You’re all out of your f...ing minds.
Hahaha is this the guy that flies 1st class to hide from people? 
CPAC country?!
WHERE? Where????
Thats just made up bull crap.  Very few out here in the "regular" US think that.  #noclue
Why don't you have heat?
Look, I know guys that have gotten screwed big time by the system just for back child support. That sent them into the spiral down.
I can't stand this actor. Barf.
My gift to @POTUS care of @FoxNews. 
It has a special significance re: 6/14/16 Charlotte NC BOA  Building. (added a couple of things here and there - had it commissioned I should say)
Very relevant, imho.
Two of Trump’s taint kickers showing their lack of  ethics
Where are you looking ?
All I see and hear is anti Trump
Glue sniffing maybe?
Europe here. We are still hoping this Clusterfuck is the worlds biggest practical joke. We would not trust Donald to take care of a hamster, much less a country. But he has made Russia and China great again.
Half the country is under the salesman spell they don't read  repeat  what they hear on Fake Fox not news
But he has always been horrible at business. He is the only one who could bancrupt a cacino and fail to sell steaks to Americans. Steaks! To Americans!
#FakeNews

"Optimism" Because of "Hate Preacher" Trump's "Leadership". Proves Madcow Diseases, in the Ununited statet's, rampant'.
Coooorrrrruuuuupppptttttt
I've gotten more raises since president Trump has been in office then I have gotten in my lifetime I love this optimism he is so good for the country!
Sure, you have
Yes, yes. Terrible things are good. Good things are terrible. Etcetera and so forth. I know the drill.
Love my President @realDonaldTrump. He is doing an Awesome job!!!
This one literally has “BOT” written all over it!
Please enlighten us with what you think a bot is. This should be fun.

Keep up the good work guys, how about eliminating the electronic logs for truck drivers let's loosen up the regulations on The Working Man!
The only optimism is the hope @realDonaldTrump gets impeached.


this president has the lowest approval ratings of all modern day presidents, he's the worst president in history, not sure what @FoxNews sees but it#s not real.....
Actually, Rasmussen, which was the most accurate poll pre-election of Trump, has him at 50% right now, which is 5% higher than the same poll for Obama at the same point in his Presidency. 
It will soon exceed 50%, and then there'll be the #RedTsunami2018 in November.
What reality are they in?
Which country? Russia?
What? 
Trump must have promised to pay for Janine's next facelift. 
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahhaahahahahha
You see it, I’m living it! Thank You President Trump! 
