Pruitt gives himself total authority over water safety protections http://hill.cm/l8MZp2Y 
EPA's Latest Water Attack: Protecting Polluting Power Plants | NRDC
Striking directly at public health, EPA moves to revoke Clean Water Rule |
because there was no such thing as clean water before the EPA
I can remember deformed fish in rivers and lakes, and the Hudson river catching on FIRE when I was a kid. Do you have any idea how much damage LEAD was doing to kids before the EPA? People think the Flint situation is bad, it's nothing compared to how it was before.
When rivers caught fire and bald eagles were poisoned: why we need the Environmental Protection Agency https://www.theverge.com/2017/2/28/14754660/epa-pollution-climate-change-trump-public-popularity-bipartisan-support?utm_campaign=theverge&utm_content=entry&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter … via @Verge
@EPAScottPruitt & @POTUS wants to take the #EPAback2basics, like when the Cuyahoga river was so dirty it literally caught on fire…
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DF7rOyFUMAAm63F.jpg …
I think he'd like to go swim in Love Canal.

He'd think it was safe, since all the studies about carcinogens in Love Canal are disqualified by his new rule that all the study's data be published.

Did you fly coach or rent a huge private expensive jet to get there? Did you drive your ridiculously over priced bullet proofed seat covered Suburban to the private airfield?
Encourage congress to invest in water infrastructure! #WaterWeek2018
I just saw what our money bought you ,a state of the art SCIF.  You are such a little Trump http://puppet.You  can take your stuff WE BOUGH and shove it Scotty!!
Say that, in person, to the people of the #FlintWaterCrisis
i'm going to poop on your bullet-proof SUV. straight plopper on the windshield. will take at least 20 mins to clean up, pal
You should be mortified by the waste, fraud and abuse attributed to you. Why are you still at the EPA ripping us off. We may have to tolerate the Moron but I see no reason to tolerate you.Get the he'll out for crying out loud ...
Is Price or Pruitt the most unethical appointee in the first year of the Trump administration, and will Pruitt try to take his soundproof phone booth with him? #Disgraceful
good photo ops. not convinced, sir.
So in Pruitt speak does that mean you are going to let them pollute our water by allowing corporations to dump more into with out an regulations? You should be fired!!!
CRIMINAL=Pruitt
The Government Accountability Office has concluded that the EPA violated federal law in spending more than $43,000 to install a private phone booth in Scott Pruitt’s office, according to a report obtained by ABC News. https://abcn.ws/2H4wQdn 
RESIGN!
Thief!! You will go down in history as "the person Trump hired to destroy the planet." Hope its worth all the tax=payer money you are openly stealing.
How’s that soundproof booth working out for you? Resign you fraud.
Wishing pipe corrosion was our worst problem, years now of living under boil water order which we can't boil due to benzene. It's gotten so bad there's now a water buffalo parked in town. Highest water quality my ass.
Hey i just realized who your smarter brother is!!! You identical twins?
Thanks taxpayers for my custom bullet-resistant seat covers, made for MY larger SUV. If you believe that you are hated that much, GTFO or taxpayers will force you to resign by flooding phones on the Hill.
RESIGN
Resign.
So why do you need to car with bullet proof seats?  More corruption, more lies, more denial everyday. It's time for you to go!
Hi there!

Gluttony, lying and perjury are sins, so....

That means you are the same kind of ‘Christian’ that Dump is?
Need surprise inspections at Water treatment facilities. Some of the bigs ones are cutting back on chemicals needed to keep our water safe for drinking. Night crew workers have discovered that not enough chemichals were being put into the water.
Flint??!!!
The work you do on this may be the most important work for the whole country!  Thank you
Everyone looks so excited to see you!!! #ResignNow #Buffoon #CrookedPruitt #Liar
Scotty, no one looks particularly happy with you. What's up with Flint's water?
You call yourself a Christian but I am pretty certain that 

LYING and GLUTTONY are sins.
Tax payer money isn’t your personal piggy bank for travel and sound proof phonebooths! #Resign #FirePruitt   You don’t care about the environment. What about solar? Air quality?Water quality and conservation? Toxic fracking chemicals? Gas line Explosions?
How‘s Flint?, or Puerto Rico? Your $43K soundproof booth won‘t deafen the response to your illegal actions and ineptness.  #FlintWaterCrisis #PuertoRico #ParadisePapers
Next time stop in next door to see the latest developements in making combustion turbines cleaner, quieter and more efficient.
Why do you need a cone of silence?
Oh please you might as well start packing your bags now your making Trump look bad
Did you receive your update via the cone of silence?


#BootPruitt #corrupt #badfor #badfor
F U Scott
This character needs to resign. Everyday he invents ridiculous ideas to squander taxpayer money.
“The notion that I’ve got to fly first class because I don’t want people to be mean to me ― you need to go into another line of work if you don’t want people to be mean to you,” Gowdy said on Fox News. “Like maybe a monk.” 
But it's ok to dump coal tailings and fracking waste water into streams again? How does that help drinking water. What about Flint, Mich? No more bottled water for them and their tap water is still rusty.
Really? How much is it to fix water pipe corrosion and update aged #infrastructure and maintain the highest water quality. Asking for some friends #FlintWaterCrisis #RachelMaddow  How much cheaper than a Syrian-borne (no u) missile? Just curious. #altEPA
Did you talk about how it is “astonishing that an administrator so clearly unfit for service continues
to lead a crucial federal agency.”?
#FirePruitt #BootPruitt #ScottPruitt #TuesdayThoughts
#SwampMonster #EPA #ImpeachTrump #Trump
That's why you spend 25 millions$ for all the pipe in USA. WOW

This. Is. What. Happens. When. You. Cut. All. The
Regulations!!Good grief people,did you REALLY think we had regulations because Dems hate jobs??WE are the REAL jobs' party!
#MakeAmericaSmartAgain #DemsUnite https://twitter.com/businessinsider/status/985896551737430016 …
Did you do it in your $43K phone booth? What are you hiding? Why do you need to keep secret EPA actions that should be known to the world?
Keep up the good work in the face of such unhinged hatred and intolerance.
Quit
Tell Pruitt and his cronies they suck.
Now will you actually trust science instead of attacking it?
Pay raises for your staff of as much as 72%?? Resign.
@EPAScottPruitt everyone hates you.
T R A I T O R
C O W A R D
Can you please resign? The entire world is sickened by your grotesque #corruption

Oh, is it infrastructure week AGAIN? All meat and no potatoes! #VoteWithVengeance #FirePruitt
How dare you spend my hard-earned tax dollars on a $43,000 phone booth!  What is wrong with you? Who the hell are you? What a total P.O.S.!!
You're a thief.   You need to be fired.
Solo Skiff

Solo Skiff

$2,039.00$1,849.00

(You save $190.00
I was wondering how y'all felt about him, he is disgraceful.
How ‘bout that secret phone booth in your office? YOU BROKE THE LAW. AGAIN. #FirePruitt
this cockroach is destroying planet earth. protest in front of epa until he resigns.
give us our $43,000 back and resign you filthy rat
Corrupt crooked thief- you should pay back the government and leave in an orange jumpsuit- SCIF fraud
Did they let you tour the nap room, you lazy, corrupt imbecile?
When are you resigning?
Pruitt is a case unto himself-by all available evidence-he's truly out of his gourd. For all we know he uses his secure phone booth to talk to his imaginary friend Sniffles-a 2-ton invisible rhino who dispenses soft-serve ice cream from his invisible horn. #PruittMustResign
How did you get to Cincinnati Pruitt; did it cost the American Taxpayer a fortune? Was it military or private jet. Which five star luxury hotel did you stay and how may limos used for transportation. America cann't afford your extravagance in travel. 
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump
Scott Pruitt installation of his 'secure' office phone booth turns out to have broken federal law-We knew Pruitt's $43,000 installation of a "secure phone booth" in his office was weird & ULTRA paranoid-it was also illegal.
#pruittresign #PruittMustResign
Pruitt is a cheap crook, IMHO.
Pruitt, you are not worth the money you are stealing. I only hope Congress makes you pay back for the flights, illegal phone booth and door etc.
WOW! You actually made sense there.
$43,000 cone of silence to hide the Koch sucking sounds
Boycott #Koch
As corrupt as Trump.
#LyingPruitt #PollutingPruitt
#FirePruitt
You are selling off our national parks to your cronies, they are putting in pipelines that leak, dump coal sludge in our rivers, polluting our air from manufacturing plants and more. Also taking advantage of your position to live high on the hog
You're f*cking up our environment
Resign.  Pruitt has lost forever the only thing that matters and that is his credibility.
Pruitt spent $43,000 of Taxpayer money on what amounts to Maxwell Smart's "Cone of Silence"!
Sooo-you are sending documentation to Congress as to “why” you need the $43,000 sound proof telephone booth. You work for us. That justification needs to be publicized. 

You should be fired. You are destroying our environment, and are a dishonest crook.
Is that #Airpruitt or #PruittAir? Time to #RESIGN
You make me physically ill.
@EPAScottPruitt I figured you’d be fired by now.
"Research?" Why would you bother, clearly you have no respect for scientific evidence. @EPAScottPruitt
Really. What do you say about the GAO s report, Pruitt? MR. "  FOLLOW THE RULE OF LAW" .
You owe the American taxpayers $43k. And an apology!
Well Scotty.. your dirtier than the whole Russian Federation.. You know that secretly funded phone booth, just got allot more expensive.. You cant make side lobby deals in a soundproof phone booth.. I think you owe it to the Taxpayers.. $38,000.. and removal of your fart-booth.
$43,000 so he could make lobby deals and no one could record him doing so.. except now he is in hot water for this snafu. Pay back that money.. dippy..
$43,000? 
Science is fake news remember.
U belong in jail. Perhaps u and Donny could wash each others hair and share a cell!.
Pay us back.
It turns out Scott Pruitt's $43,000 phone booth was not only a massive waste of taxpayer money, it was also illegal. This disregard for our oversight laws is completely unacceptable for anyone, much less a cabinet official. Pruitt needs to go. #BootPruitt https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/energy-environment/wp/2018/04/16/scott-pruitts-43000-soundproof-phone-booth-violated-spending-laws-federal-watchdog-finds/?utm_term=.36c4017d2faf …
Also helps not to allow corps to dump toxins & coal ash into our water supply.
Let’s face it folks, this cabinet only cares about the rich fat cats. The ham-n-eggers can suffer. A famous French queen once said, “let them eat cake” shortly after I believe she lost her head. If this is clean the swamp I’d hate to see the swamp not cleaner
Am I the only one wondering why Mr Pruitt needs a soundproof room? Unless you’re a recording artist or movie production company I don’t see why the EPA needs soundproof room unless....crooked deals? Illegal deals?
Resign!!!
You got criminal written all over that pasty face.
Best thing you could do is lock yourself in your soundproof booth and stay there. You’re just another con.
Cool story bro, you’re still a swamp monster 

Did the report mention whether heavy metals and coal dust in the water was okay?
$40,000.00 dollars for a sound proof room in your office! You spent the money with asking. Why?
Gucci loafers, Mr. Secretary?
You impress me.
BOT
All thinking people when listening to Pruitt:
Then why weren’t you in Detroit? Oh, I know! You’re corrupt and you work for racists. Glad to have cleared that up.
Yeah right.  You're #1 enemy to the environment and too busy rorting the system for your own benefit.
Cone of Silence... $42,000

Bye boomer.
1. Did you fly first class?

2. Was Nino with you? 

3. Are you staying overnight?

4. If yes, where and who is picking up the hotel tab? 

5. When are you going to pay back all the taxpayer money you wasted?

6. When will you resign?

The funniest picture ever.  Makes it look like he has ANY concern about drinking water.... I think he was just looking to see if there was any oil to be had....
How about inspecting and fining  companies that supplied inferior product? Not the old stuff, I mean we were idiots back then.  I meannober the past decade? Or big business still protected under your watch?
PLEASE stop the CHEM TRAILS & WEATHER MANIPULATION!! CA needs rain  #KAG2018
If pollutants are polluting our water it doesn’t matter how clean the pipes are.
Resign, Mr Arrogance. An return all the taxpayers money you wasted - on you.
You must be happy the heat's off of you for a while. What's with the cone of silence you had installed? Did you feel threatened?
CLUELESS SCOTT!!!!!
#BootPruitt #TrumpCrimeCabinet
Pruitt - "We received an update on research being conducted on drinking water pipe corrosion"

Translation - I spent a shit load on a first class flight to this place, 5 star hotel and restaurants, to do something that could have been done over the phone.
"And here's more pictures of me!"
You again? I thought you'd be fired by now. @USGAO released its findings to Congress. Those findings? You're a crook. You're finished, Scottie. Pack your boxes & your bulletproof desk. Prepare for a strip search on your way out the door.  #TheResistance
And I want my money back so I can build a soundproof phone booth, even though there is a secure room in my building.
Will you volunteer your family to drink water with coal ash in it for a year since you support relaxing coal ash regulations? If you won’t have your family drink it, then why are you forcing others’ families to drink it?
Mega-Money-Grab
 with 

McConnell, 
his wife @ DOT
Ivanka
Donnie 
Billions in fake contracts

NO INFRASTRUCTURE CONTRACTS
BEFORE IMPEACHMENT HEARINGS.

Unite against this crime ring.
Explain the budget cuts funds for removing lead paint.
How big was your security detail?
Scott, when are you going to address the cancer epidemic in SE Kansas. You’re from OK, you’re well aware of the chats in Pitcher, the water concerns from Spring River & the old Chemical plant. This is your neighboring Home St. Are you really going to continue to ignore the issue?
....and you understood NONE of it. Poor ethics and a lack of qualifications is a lousy way to go through life Scotty.
@EPAScottPruitt should only be allowed to drink public water in Flint, Mi.
Why?  He didn't create the mess there.  But, he's the one overseeing the fixing of it.  
You're welcome. 

"awarded $100 million to Flint, Mich. for water infrastructure upgrades."
You're a conman, a grifter, corrupt as F and a national disgrace @EPAScottPruitt
I suspect you cancelled the research.
You are the best #EPA Administrator ever!!!! Keep up the great work!!!!
You might want to study up on how Federal funding works, Michael.  And find a way to calm down.
Did you stay overnight? More or less than $50?
How was the flight?
