Infrastructure is now your gig? YOUR JOB IS TO STOP COMPANIES FROM POLLUTING THE ENVIRONMENT and thus preserve clean air and water for people and animals. Why is this so hard for you?
Nothing but mass destruction to our Environment... When will @EPAScottPruitt paying back the Tax Payers for all his for flights, vacations, etc... The Most Corrupt Administration in U.S. History!! #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Just stop it already. If you cared about the environment you would honestly address #GeoEngineering #Chemtrails spraying poisonous chemicals 24/7 that we're forced to ingest. @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @EPAwater @TrishaDishes
@SlicksTweetz @AdolfTwittler8 #ClimateEngineering
Also F U
Will they cost as much as that door?
Idiot
WTF would you know about protecting our water?! You’re selling our resources to the highest bidder (your oil and gas buddies)AND you’re spending tax payer money as fast as you http://can.You  Repub Cons call us snowflakes but can’t take the criticism you deserve to hear
reservoir is in the boonies & will not spur development.
They paved paradise
And put up a parking lot
With a pink hotel, a boutique
And a swinging hot spot
Don't it always seem to go
That you don't know what you've gotTill it's gone
They paved paradise
And put up a parking lot
Your little editorial in the ridiculous, click-bait heavy @WashTimes is a joke! Your children must be so ashamed of you.
I translated your tweet from doublespeak into plain English:
"Through reckless deregulation & contracts for cronies, @EPA will fake the much-needed repairs to #infrastructure in a way that inflicts tangible environmental harm on all Americans. Read my full B.S. here "
Quit
EPA isn't in charge of infrastructure. Stick to your damned knitting, fool. You're ruining the environment!!!
Ruining the environment. That's what you are good at. and wasting tax payer dollars
Liar
Will the infrastructure repairs include soundproof phone booths for everyone?
What the hell are you talking about? Redirecting funds available for the protection of the environment for repairs to the infrastructure? Are you fucking kidding me? When did your responsibilities expand to include DOT?
You would probably be better off not retweeting anything from this  guy. When you give him credibility and things go wrong, and you know they will at some point in this administration...I'm just tired of Missouri looking bad.
This is much needed. Just make sure you have the right people to look this over as well. Doing a great job
We could have more money if you would stop spending it on lavish travel!
Thank you so much for WASTING TAXPAYER MONEY!!!



Still in great need of relief from rank and file EPA and Corp on Waters of the US jurisdiction.  I believe they are ignoring @POTUS executive order on this issue.  Great news and excellent job @EPAScottPruitt .
Most of what you say is good but what you say and your actions have been are totally disingenuous to date when it comes to protecting.  What our op-ed says is that you’ll allow projects to live forward fast if there is money in it and who cares about if it causes some harm.  Sad
The Scott Pruitt method of protecting the enviroment is to destroy it using the profits to line the pockets of his friends and cronies.  Please don't lie to us any more we can see through all your lies.
You know what needs repair? Your corruption so please leave so we don’t get stuck with another $100K bill for your trip to Italy. That is some hard earned money we paid your ass. #Resign
You're a crook and devoid of human decency.
With all due respect, you totally suck at your job. 
#ImpeachPruitt
Your job isn't infrastructure, your job is protecting the environment.

You're too busy giving out our lands to private corporations and spending our money on lavish business trips.

You piece of trash. History will judge you terribly.
