What is not not CLEAR about the current Clean Drinking Water Act? A regulation that lists know chemicals prohibited from entering the public drinking water supply. These are definitive, not subjective; for example; lead, arsenic, beryllium all should be below detection level!
2). To suggest “blended” (higher levels?) of allowable liquid wastes to enter the nation’s waters to save industrial, local, state $ by increasing discharge levels of waste is preposterous! PROTECT LIFE & THE ENVIRONMENT, NOT COMMERCIAL INTERESTS
Blending is code for discharging partially treated sewage into waterways.

This action was tried 13 years ago and abandoned due to political resistance. Now political conditions are ripe- like an e-coli bloom-  to pass it.
Were you upset when your $43,000 phone booth didn’t turn you into Superman?
More free trips! More motorcades! Jackpot, Scottie!
@marcorubio @SenBillNelson @SMurphyCongress as my elected members PLEASE investigate Pruitt's spending habits and lack of ethics! He sucks at running the EPA and is committing FWA with our tax dollars to enrich himself!!!
Resign!

Scott Pruitt upgraded his official car last year to a much more expensive one with bullet-resistant seat covers. An EPA official said that Pruitt wanted the car because it looked like the ones other Cabinet officials rode in.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/energy-environment/wp/2018/04/17/pruitt-upgraded-to-a-larger-customized-suv-with-bullet-resistant-seat-covers/?utm_term=.327585c725b3 …
Oh you’re still employed?  Wow
You will be famous for the rest of your life for how terrible of a job you were doing right now.
You can't possibly do your job correctly while 1) you're so plagued by paranoid delusions, and 2) your thinly-veiled intent is to rip-off the country. Would you please resign? Because that's the ONLY way I'll believe you have America's best interests in-mind.
Please resign before you do more harm
weird, when i think of wastewater, i think of the public money you spend every day for yourself without remorse. Every day the EPA is enduring you, even EPA's ethics are polluted.
@realDonaldTrump How is this crooked, arrogant, money-stealing fuck-face not fired yet? They claim they want to drain the swamp & hire this guy who is openly robbing us. Trump hired him to destroy and dismantle the EPA, so we can be more like China. Profit over environment.
You still have a job, you money-stealing swampsucker.
Thank you!!! Stoked to have more sewage in my local waterways and ocean! You're doing a hell of a job! The environment doesn't stand a chance with you in charge!
Resign.
You crooked #ingloriousbastard #RESIGN
Resign, grifter.
Can you say good but to clean drinking water?
With @EPAScottPruitt in charge, soon ALL of the water will be wastewater.
Go to hell 
Read it Pruitt, then deny it. Your in actions are going to harm our nation. https://thinkprogress.org/climate-message-turn-red-states-green-97-percent-7883780d457a/amp/?__twitter_impression=true …
Pruitt has delayed these limits for two years, allowing this toxic pollution to continue until November 2020.
You’re a fraud.
The EPA has removed a superfund site that was flooded by Hurricane Harvey from a priority cleanup list. http://newsy.com/78822 

Imagine if we had an EPA chief who protected the environment the way he does his own ass. https://twitter.com/brady_dennis/status/986244704403689474 …
Mr. Pruitt is not just an industry lap dog but also an arrogant and vengeful bully and small-time grifter, bent on chiseling the taxpayer to suit his lifestyle and warm his ego.  Scott Pruitt Has Become Ridiculous
Senators urge ouster of EPA's Pruitt, office probes pricey booth

You are T.O.X.I.C. to the American people.
For you to pretend to protect the environment is a sick joke, and now you're a proven criminal, using $100 bills as a bath towel while you shrink into your cone of silence
Going through primary will knock down some BOD but consideration should be given to having wet weather effluent permit levels based on mitigation of negative water quality impacts which can be different from low flow 402 permit levels.
In the meantime you’ve scrapped regulations that kept industries from poisoning our air and water.
Blending is nuts. Infiltration and inflow studies can reduce wet weather flows.  In line detention, flow equalization works. Bypassing to prevent secondary clarifier washout is used for inadequate plants which need upgrades.
Common sense rules that you constantly misuse to suit your future employers. A corrupt waiver a day keeps the bill collector away :(
Hope you enjoyed your bribe stay at the Broadmoor Hotel before caving in to Colorado developers two weeks later. Your tastes are in line with Marie Antoinette and your ethics are in line with Boss Tweed.
ANY UH CONCERNS ABOUT THE FLINT MICHIGAN LEAD WATER YOU BULLSHITTER? Get
Good job @EPAScottPruitt , keep it up. #maga
You have no common sense.
Excellent work Mr Pruitt!  America is thankful for the great job you’re doing.
@EPAScottPruitt & Toxic Chemical Enthusiast Nancy Beck—is already responsible for verifiable and actual deaths, with more almost certain to occur. @Lowes #FirePruitt #PruittIsKillingUs
Scott Pruitt Has Become Ridiculous
You need to be fired for the way you are spending taxpayer’s money. You seem not to care. We do not need ppl like you in office
Is that  #AirPruitt or #PruittAir? LOL 
Crook.
Common sense ways to poison people... great! How common sense are Kevlar seat covers?
The EPA is pissing our money away !
When are YOU paying back the American taxpayers for all your theft and unnecessary spending?!
Can’t wait to see how you change absolutely nothing with the ruling. Because you’re a corrupt con man.
Excellent @guardian piece on climate change court cases. Courts are a good forum, because documents must be produced and truth must be told and tested by deposition and cross-examination. Harder for lies, power and influence to rule. Unlike Congress. https://www.theguardian.com/environment/climate-consensus-97-per-cent/2018/apr/16/the-courts-are-deciding-whos-to-blame-for-climate-change …
America Hates you. RESIGN
You’re a disgrace
Hey Scotty, how much training and experience do you have with wastewater treatment?

C O W A R D
T R A I T O R
I'm confused. Seems these rules already exist. I do not believe your job means what you think it means.
#CorruptPruitt #BootPruitt #FirePruittNow
What the hell do you know about common sense?
RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN also get medical help for your paranoia RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN
You talking about Flint?
No?
Didn't think so.
All those darkies don't deserve clean water.
How's that tap water tasting @EPAScottPruitt ?  #FirePruitt #EPA  #PruittMustResign #waterwars2k18
Knowing you, this probably means they’ll be allowed to put shit in our drinking water now.

Nice semantics polluter Pruitt.  So your new rule of “blending” means allowing more untreated waste to enter back into the watershed.  Excellent.  What a great choice to for the EPA.  Which for the last 18 months means Environmental Pollution Administration!  Sad!
Having an anti-science, anti-environment, pro-pollution bonehead in charge in the EPA is both unprecedented and bad news.
@EPAScottPruitt So you mean they can pollute all the water right Scotty?  That way we can eat coal, drink oil, breath toxins, and drown in polluted water, while you spend us broke.   Great job Scotty, between you and Donny the flat earth really will look like a flat rock!
Cheapest way with most savings for company shareholders.....water is only a little important.
Do America a favor and resign, you corrupt POS
Sen. Tammy Duckworth: Scott Pruitt must resign immediately or be fired. 
PLease keep up the great work @EPAScottPruitt
HOW IS THE SUPER SIZED SUV? DOES IT HAVE SIRENS AND LIGHTS TOO? YELLING DO YOU CAN HEAR ME IN YOUR "SOUNDPROOFING" WITH MY TAX DOLLARS..
You need 20 dudes around you for that? Nearly everyone not on Team Trump are rooting for Earth.
How in God's name do you still have a job? I've never seen someone so hated by both parties. Just commit hari kari in a joint session of Congress and do us all a favor.
How does it feel lying to the American public everyday, do you not feel ashamed and embarrassed?
We look forward to you being hauled out in handcuffs. The only sense you recognize as common is spelled "cents." #FirePruitt
RESIGN
Keep up the outstanding job Admin Pruitt .
Go back to your compound #Bot
You are wasting tax payers money on your paranoia and self aggrandizement.  You are destroying the environment for my children. Please resign.
So you are going to let cities and states do to people what Flint and Michigan did to their own? Sounds like just another way for you to harm Americans’ health.
Gut the unnecessary regulations, Mr. Pruitt. We need cheap energy!
How about engaging in common-sense spending of tax payer dollars you fool.
Keep it up Mr. Pruitt! We’re standing by your side.
Why exactly are you?
You’re not fooling anyone.
You frigging crook.
Just leave
Eat shit Scott
What? I can’t hear you through your soundproofing
Swamp Poster Boy Of The Week
How’s that soundproof booth coming? Cutting down on the only pollution you care about- noise pollution!
This song was recorded 3 years before your agency was founded. You have a duty to this country. Act like it.
This is great Mitchell thank you for posting. Hope Scottie makes the time to listen, maybe do a jig towards the exit door.
We can only hope!
And keep the heat on him, MSM to report and our elected officials to act.
