1) Modern farming with pesticides has wiped out billions of insects and birds. Over huge swaths of the land, once beloved species such as the lapwing, the spotted flycatcher, the cuckoo and the turtle dove, as well as many once common butterflies such as the
2) pearl-bordered fritillary and once familiar blooms such as cornflowers, have simply vanished. The fields may still look green in spring, but it is mostly lifeless scenery, apart from the pesticide-saturated crops: it is green concrete.
The heart of the matter is universal pesticide use: we benefit from farming wholly based on poison, which has exterminated more and more of the insects at the base of myriad food chains in the natural world. #RiseUp #StopScottPruitt
It’s a shame you have to fly first class.
This song was recorded 3 years before your agency was founded. You have a duty to this country. Act like it.
Whenever I see that yet another member of the Trump administration is quitting or being fired, I hope it's you. Oh well.
400K that’s it for 31 student teams?  How much have your flights cost us so far?
Is that even close to how much you’ve wasted on private planes, excess travel, soundproofing a telephone, & unnecessary private security?
Environmental health? Will they be allowed to study and HONESTLY report on the devastating effects of #GeoEngineering #ClimateEngineering spraying poisonous chemicals 24/7? Or, will they be put under gag order like those you refused to let speak at the #ClimateWaterSummit?

What, I can't hear you. Oh, shit, I'm in my $50K soundproof phone booth. The one I use to book first class tickets on taxpayers credit card.

What the hell do you know about Scientists?... you do not believe in science!  Oh, except if it science that benefits your pocket book... you know like the science cigarette companies used to "prove" smoking was harmless!  Resign A Hole!
Pruitt gives people cancer.
This, from a man who denies climate change and evolution!
How about getting the money from fines levied on businesses that have polluted lands? Like the ones you refused to complete in Oklahoma. I guess there are a few more States rights you could attempt to trash. Just like our lands.
This is a good thing.
You are f*ing up our environment
There's other federal agencies to deal with prosperity. Your job is to protect the environment and you're doing a horrible job of it. You're ruining the planet, Scott. #SHAME. And by the way, good job wasting all the travel budget on first class airfare, you weasel.
I don't see the word 'climate' mentioned here.   Please don't deny our most pressing environmental problem.
Climate Change is real.  
Pruitt works for Oil. 
Just the facts.
