That’s nice. What about Flint’s drinking water?
Do those good old boys know you are keeping silent about spraying poisonous chemicals via #GeoEngineering #ClimateEngineering #Chemtrails on their land, livestock, water and on the air they breathe? Didn't think so... @AdolfTwittler8 @TrishaDishes @SlicksTweetz @SteerMark
We're still getting heavily sprayed with #Chemtrails without pause.
A bunch of us do.
Total bullshit. Ranchers in WA State control the National Forest Service and corrupt legislators like Cathy McMorris.  Ranchers graze on public lands for as little as 50 cents a head thanks to Zinke’s policies destroying wildlife habit and the environment.
So why are they meeting with you? Regulatory Certainty = $ in your pocket and pollution for the rest of us. 

Also #resign and seek medical help for your paranoia
@EPAScottPruitt   Did you ask them to leave an envelope on the table?
No he didn't..
Thanks Administrator Pruitt for your work in removing government overreach in the EPA. Overreach that had nothing to do with protecting the environment including the land that we love.

Factory Farms Get Bigger, Pollution Grows, but Regulators Don't Even Know Where They Are |
5 Ways Factory Farming is Killing the Environment |
Would you accept an invite to my farm and ranch? I'll show you all we do and take you wherever you want to go. You seem to be short on some solid information.  I am sincere in my invite.
Too bad you don’t.
Pruitt is a fraud
.Yes, good. :) Now, if only YOU cared about the land they harvest, the air they breathe (you're missing the "e"), and the water they drink.

You don't care about any of that. You care about your relationships with lobbyists and getting to your dinner reservation on time.

Boo!
Real ranchers/farmers don't wear $500.oo stetson cowboy hats!!
The hat isn't a stetson and it cost less than half that.
This may be a little unfamiliar to you country boys... Behold. The future. https://www.facebook.com/NowThisNews/videos/1384836634939790/ …
Actually I'm very familiar with it. Not all that new of an idea actually. I would like to invite you to my farm and ranch and show you what's new in the country.  Some of you city boys  seem to be lacking information on what we are truly do to raise your food and protect our env.
Really?  I guess that is why Wyoming's streams are packed full of E.Coli from ranchers cow shit, right?
You seem to value knowledge so I assume you know that e. Coli contamination comes from wildlife too. Although I do know it's not wise to assume!
$43,000 cone of silence to hide the Koch sucking sounds
Thats sad because you dont give a shit about the air and land.
I was trying to think of the appropriate response to this but I just kept coming back to this: You're an idiot, and a corrupt one at that.

And money.  Don’t forget the money.
Too bad that you don't.
You're a crook!
They might but you don't.
That hashtag 
PRUITT IS CORRUPT AND HAS COMMITTED A DERELICTION OF DUTIES. HE COZIES TO INDUSTRY RATHER THAN PROTECTING OUR ENVIRONMENT!
@EPAScottPruitt IS CORRUPT!
Lol nice fucking picture asshole  #resign
And you, Pruitt, are deeply concerned about the bribes they pay you & making sure you give great quid-pro-quo service. You're a shameful example of how pure corruption has infested our gov't throughout, at every level, & how $ rules the game regardless of the public welfare.
What the heck does "regulatory certainty" mean? Regulations that are static and can be trusted not to change? That would exclude every action you've made while appointed as @EPAoig

Corrupt
Too bad you don’t care for any of those things. How much did you rip off the taxpayers today, you squinty-eyed little swamp creature?
“Regulatory certainty” = F U, environment and people!!! YEE FUCKING HAW!!!!!!
Aw, bless her heart. She doesn’t know the MAGAt cult says you can’t have a political opinion until your 18th birthday. And if you reach your 18th birthday and have a different opinion from them, they will shoot you.
Good

"According to three people familiar with events, Pruitt would not take out the trash during his time staying at the townhouse believing that a cleaning service would do it for him. There was no cleaning service that came with the apartment, however. And the garbage bags piled up" …
Somehow I doubt you know what environmentalism means
But you don't care. You think the world is 5000 years old and "god" will fix whatever you break. Asshole.
"And when they're not looking, I shit on the land they harvest, fart into the air they breathe, and piss in the water they drink. Because I'm Scott Pruitt, and I hate planet Earth."
That's interesting, because Scott Pruitt does not. Otherwise, why would he allow the use of a pesticide that causes damage to fetal brains in development? But, MAGA, I guess.
You are doing NOTHING to protect the environment!  Are you comfortable in first class with your  army of security in coach?  I dare you to respond!  Let’s talk about how unqualified you are!
Bet they occasionally take out the garbage too, Scotty.
I hope you know that you are going to hell
We need to get rid of you y
Is that why you are doing your best to destabilize the climate that farmers and ranchers depend upon?
Is that why you're letting Nestle drain all our fresh water for free?
Apparently you don’t care!!  You are The SWAMP!! @realDonaldTrump #draintheswamp #swamp #SwamponSteroids
I seriously hope someone shits in your drinking water.
#PruittMustGo #PruittMustResign
But you don't because you are greedy
Shut up
You can’t even spell breathe. #BootPruitt
I can’t believe you’ve gotten so good any lying with a straight face.  See what I mean
You deny basic climate science! What are you even talking about?
You couldn’t protect a sludge pond, just beat it
Climate change is real and man made
Those hats look a bit big, and I’m sure they are way too big for your pin head.  Resign.
Will they be excited about China import tariffs?  Also imagine they will kiss your ass on deregulation on the safety of our food supply
How mucg are they paying you Scottie?
True environmentalism is CONSERVATION. So you lose that point too. I think rohypnol + / or GHB has damaged your , Scott. Nervous nelly  ?  
"Yada yada yada regulatory certainty."
Those folks care a lot about maximizing their profits, and they can sure single a lot of toxins back to Texas in those ridiculous hats.
And you, @EPAScottPruitt, you ethically-challenged, scientifically-illiterate, politically-motivated Ignoramus... You don't get to decide what constitutes "true environmentalism."
Pruitt stop supporting the toxic chemical companies and GMO's. Do your job for the people you are suppose to represent not the big deep state corporations.
Another day and you are still here?  When are you going to resign?  Corruption is your middle name?

Resign.


#Time2Resign
What you promised this ranchers and what you got in return for it this time?
You are the most corrupt man in the American government, congrats Scott! Your prize of a nice stay in jail is coming. Count on it.
If anyone of those cattlemen were true environmentalists, they'd not be within 1,000 feet of you.
Pay us the taxpayer back for all your bullshit spending.
Did you ask those fine folks if they would consider giving you their Delta frequent flier miles?
WTF does the EPA have to do with Dept of Interior matters? Or is Zinke too busy fleecing us at the moment. #ResignNOW
You sure as heck don’t, so please listen to and heed those who do.
The farmers around my community are concerned about #ClimateChange - how it affects their livestock - selling dairy cattle and switching to beef & crops that used to grow here don't as well any more. 
#TheResistance
Just plain Bravo Sierra Pruitt. Your hand is in the cookie jar and you are a pig. Your support of the EPA is to destroy the agengy. You are the wrong person for the job. I hope the stockgrowers do not believe your lies.
Unfortunately you and @realDonaldTrump don't
You're a disgrace! 
#BootPruitt
We demand that Scott Pruitt resign as head of the EPA http://petitions.moveon.org/s/eK81O=  @moveon
Help get @EPAScottPruitt out of office by signing on to this quick & easy petition everyone! 
…
Did you tell them they are about to get royally fucked, along with many American family farms? Did you give them all a shiny gold Pruitt dollar souvenir? Take what little dignity you can muster and #RESIGN.
Which is why they want to repeal the Clean Water Rule! Against which you led a multi state lawsuit while you were the Attorney General of Oklahoma!
http://theconversation.com/why-farmers-and-ranchers-think-the-epa-clean-water-rule-goes-too-far-72787 …
Even sleazier than most Trump appointees, or even Trump himself.
Your overused "regulatory certainty" doesn't provide clean air or water, in fact your attempted rollbacks do quite the opposite. Your arrogance and bullsh*t are the only things transparent about your reign.
Hang tough Scott! You are crushing it.
Scott what's your opinion on Pebble Creek mine?  Unless I mixed up the company's stock @cbcfifth @AC360 @FoxNews @JustinTrudeau @TransCanadaJobs
You are an absolute disgrace to the environment. History will not look kindly on you.
They haven’t fired your corrupt ass yet, Scottie? Trying for the record of most concurrent scandals for a  cabinet member? And you don’t care about the environment, just cutting sweetheart deals for polluters

“Find me something to do,” were the instructions Scott Pruitt gave his staff, after telling them he wanted to travel to particular destinations, the letter says https://nyti.ms/2HwCXbk 
Can you say BALONEY?
Hi #EnvironmentalEichmann I see you're keeping busy today... Too bad you have no idea what #TrueEnvironmentalism is.
Have you seen Lake Erie or the Gulf of Mexico’s Dead Zone?
Shame the #ClimateChange denying fool in charge of the EPA doesn't share their concern then, isn't it?
You're as corrupt as F @EPAScottPruitt 
And you're a disgrace
This is a lame PR charm offensive
Resign immediately.
Poster Boy Of The Week
