Nobody should be surprised by this. Get a room already!!!
"DO NOT CONGRATULATE," national security advisers wrote in Trump's written briefing ahead of call with Vladimir Putin. Trump congratulated. The notes said to condemn the attack of an ex-Russian spy in London with a nerve agent. He did not. https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trumps-national-security-advisers-warned-him-not-to-congratulate-putin-he-did-it-anyway/2018/03/20/22738ebc-2c68-11e8-8ad6-fbc50284fce8_story.html?utm_term=.bb3fb8be6dc8 …
Did you really call Putin to congratulate him on winning the election?  

Which election? Russia or US?
‘An "Ashamed" Fox News Commentator Just Quit The "Propaganda Machine"’

‘"Fox has degenerated from providing a legitimate and much-needed outlet for conservative voices to a mere propaganda machine for a destructive and ethically ruinous administration,"
‘Exposed: Undercover secrets of Trump’s data firm’ (Hidden camera-part 2)

Coordinating attacks with Super PACs? A wee bit illegal. All those fake Clinton news stories. Shame on you.
‘Children’s Book About Mike Pence’s Gay Bunny Jumps to No. 1’ 
‘Jared Kushner 'admitted Donald Trump lies to his base because he thinks they're stupid'’

‘‘He doesn’t really believe it  (birthirism,) Elizabeth. He just knows Republicans are stupid and they’ll buy it’”

Ooo. Harsh.
‘As DeVos Faces Congress, Officials Say She Hid Plans to Overhaul Department’

Cruella ‘imposed on the department what they call an illegal collective bargaining agreement’ 
‘Pennsylvania Republicans move to impeach state Supreme Court for the crime of fair redistricting’

They hold enough seats to impeach the judges. Pennsylvania are you ok with this? I would think not. 
still chasing votes
Good night, Trump. Putin must have some pretty nasty shit on you. Why else would you fellate him every chance you get? 
“I congratulated him on his victory, his electoral victory.” And he didn’t have to use Cambridge Analytica like you.

White Evangelicals President, Donald Trump. They couldn’t stomach the first Black President, @POTUS44 But, look at their Love for Trump and Roy Moore ! Everybody who quote scriptures ain’t no Christian. @Franklin_Graham @JerryFalwellJr @robertjeffress @ChrisChurchView @LibertyU
werygut - tak ako aj v ČSR 1918-2018 !!!!! 21318459
Farmer's grow wheat. Wheat is used to bake bread. Bread is then sliced and heated on both sides to make ...

@FarmersAlmanac 
 ThankYou
Let me help you with accuracy on your tweet. Stay with me. Our nation was founded by white slave owners. Our nation was built upon the backs and with the blood of black Americans. Before that, our country belonged to Indigenous Peoples, who taught white people how to farm.
Here is a revisionist history Trump farmer, who did not “found our country”, and who would have summarily perished, but for the Indigenous Peoples and black Americans.
One of the richest man in New Orleans was a black man who OWNED  several hundred blacks. Fun fact ... look it up
And? What exactly does that have to do with the colonizers and their fucked up agenda?
What exactly does colonizers have to do with the original tweet?  Stay off the weed and twitter at the same time, you sound dumb
You are either dumb or stupid or a trump supporter. I have difficulty with differentiating between the 3.

You are a bad hombre! One day you say one thing, next day you say another..
I thought this country was founded on steel? That's what you were blabbing about when you busted out your well thought out tariff plan, Have you ever thought to maybe think things through before you speak? Maybe go back and check yourself?
You work for Semion Mogilevich and the mob and Mueller knows all about it. #TrumpBloodMoneyLaundering #TrumpCrimeFamily
Then why are you bending over backward to appease Putin?
Is that why you proposed to slash Farm Programs by $47B in 10 Years?
#ImpeachTrump #LockTrumpUp #ProtectMueller #VoteThemOut2018 #PornStarBribe #ObstructionOfJustice
MAGA
deflecting from Mueller and you going to jail
WaPo: Trump ignored briefing materials that said not to congratulate Putin @CNNPolitics

Us...
after Stormy Daniels 
releases Donald’s dick pics 
Your tariffs will harm farmers!!!
Even worst he don't want to talk about a school shooting again. He rather talk money and business. Tic toc. School Rhme :)
You are the problem. Wash your mouth out with soap
Idiot!!
Hush. Look America at what he's doing. He's hurting everyday Americans to help the rich donors. And don't say Obama did nothing. Trump is removing protections Obama put in place to help us. #TrumpCrimeFamily #INDICTTRUMP #MUELLERTIME #IMPEACHTRUMP
How, by rolling back regulations that protect the environment in which their entire livelihood is based, or by giving tax breaks to massive corporations that put small agriculture out of business?

If by "farmers", you mean "rich slave-owning plantation owners", sure...
Also, USA's agricultural industry is NOTHING like it was in the 18th century.

The family farm—outside of boutique organic farming—that dominated the landscape then is pretty much dead today. The agricultural industry today is by far dominated by mega-corporations.
In the 18th century, the vast majority of Americans lived in rural areas or in small towns that serviced those areas.

Today, the vast majority of Americans live in urban/suburban/exurban areas that have no real economic connection to the rural countryside.
Any "help" that you give to "farmers" today will go to corporations that are listed on the New York Stock Exchange with CEOs making millions of dollars a year.
That's not going to change until we end the Foreign Corporation called the Federal Reserve who took control of our monetary system. Why do you think President Jackson ended the central banking system before he left office. We printed our own money back then backed by substance.
BREAKING: 
Stormy Daniels was "truthful about having unprotected vaginal intercourse with TRUMP

Former Playboy Model Karen McDougal Sues to Break Silence on Trump.

Defamation case to move forward. Zervos has accused Trump of sexually assaulting her in 2007. 

TIRED OF WINNING!
We should help our farmers grow organic non gmo foods & put Monsanto out of business!  Let us get back to real honest farming all over America stop subsidizing crappy crops like GMO Corn, peanuts, potatoes & GMO wheat! Let’ s grow real food without pesticides here in the USA!
you mean slave owners? then yes we fed the world, but as the farmers got older the younger farmers  didn't want to live on the farm any more and they sold the farms off the big buiness's,
No way trump wrote this.
If Thomas Jefferson told his slaves to make pots, would he be a potter?
And farmers don’t need guns, so why not introduce tougher gun laws?!

Although not a farmer, Trump has mowed a lot of lawns. (Do you know that euphemism? I'm cracking myself up again)
OMG!
What?!
#EnoughIsEnough
Well neither is Hillary
Ah, the Hillary card... She is not the president!
And we thank God Almighty for that every. Single. Day
Who. You & your 7 followers? Lol.
No sweet heart me and those who voted him in
Can you make room for a new generation, sweet heart?
My children and grandchildren will be educated on what is REALLY happening here
 So; now you understand, that them so called farmer had used slaves. Then in the Jim Crow period, used the Government through police to steal land. Today have your racist's policies. Your tokens blacks speak for themselves not the black population. Taking my knee. BLM
I do not know
This is your second tweet that sounds Presidential. Thank you.
So out 18,000 incoherent and unhinged tweets, 2 tweets that sound “presidential” is worthy of praise?
All his tweets are worthy of praise, regardless of whether he "sounds Presidential ".
....oh, I’m sorry, we’re you serious?
Lol Chris ... what they doin to them in S Africa is same thing whites did to Indians when they came to the US. U didn’t help them out.
Wts the difference? Can u teach me something?
And that's why you fucked them????
Farmers w rifles and handguns, pitchforks and ownership of a free America.   Oh yes, they also had better wives.
We the People are humbled by & proud of the #NativeAmerican tribes / #FirstNations peoples who helped the #Pilgrim strangers who had arrived on THEIR LAND without wealth, papers, permission, or an intelligent plan how to survive the harsh winters AND WE REMEMBER THEIR COMPASSION
I really expect the ending to be like the Farmers Insurance commercial
You just killed farmers with your idiotic tariffs. Think China’s gonna keep importing all the soybeans we subsidize here and then dump there?
Don’t forget the corn to ethanol subsidy. Long live free enterprise. Lol

No doubt, American farmers are tired of winning!
Did you mean whining? Cause I think they are getting better at it. Practise makes perfect
Thank You Mr. President And God Bless You & Protect You & You're Entire Family Tree w/ Divine Protection & Angel Armies! 
By ones own faith are they saved. This bastard has none...and his sins will be visited on all his generations to come.
Trump won!
By less than total of 80,000 votes in 3 states. With putins help n blatant disinformation from Cambridge Analytica's criminal code. #IwantmyvoteBack! #hateIvotedTrump! PutinOwnsTrumps
Wish i didnt vote Trump. Biggest scam artist in modern history. Putin won US elections by less than 80,000 votes.
This is the most honest thing I’ve heard in a long time. It’s refreshing to see others who voted trump and now realize it wasn’t the best decision. Hilary was not good but it takes a strong person to say . I made a mistake. So many people won’t.
I’m glad I voted with my heart. Donald trump was an obvious scam artist and terrible choice, while Hilary was an obvious scam artist and a terrible choice.. so i went with the moron whose party had good ideas, but he couldn’t actually get them out. Proud supporter of libertarians
Hillary with Republican Congress would be better than certified megalomaniac. No one can stand working with him. When boss treats ya like crap call ya names. Team will never give 100%. #Productivity
Stop HIPOCRATE & COMUNIST LIES
YOU DISTROYER USA.
no More DACA and falls DRIMERS
No more Muslims.Wee Real American DON'T lake you & CRIMINAL & ageint USA.
AMERICAN FIRST.
Mr.PRESIDENT Finished with this.
This peaple Democrat are Distroyer USA.AMERICAN FIRST.
Most of my family were farmers, including my grandpa. None of them would ever have supported you. You do not stand for our conservative, Christian values.
Fire Mueller & "his" people NOW, before it's too late. Fire a few dozen (or more) top DOJ & FBI top officials, just as a new president would do, if he were hired to turn a failing company around. You've been hired to turn a country around!
And then Trump will be impeached!!!!!!
You should have taken your case to the American people and allowed the government to shut down without wall funding! Where are your gonads? Have you turned into a woman suddenly? You really disappointed us! This was your opportunity to stand and you blew it! Do something!
What is going to happen in regard to labels and GMO products? We are what we eat is a good saying. We are eating junk and by that I mean produce, milk, meat. It is all going wrong. I am afraid to eat a piece of salmon for fear it is not wild caught but farmed which is unhealthy.
you have no clue what you are talking about, as usual. Ever read history? moron

Where’s his Tweet-box??  Did he drop it in??
If you're so proud of farmers, why are you harming them with oppressive immigration actions and threatening trade actions? Crops will rot in fields, and those harvested will rot on loading docks. Shame on you.
Uuuuh we don’t need illegal immigrants and they won’t wanna farm so
Slaves were sold to us by black people in Africa. US history. Read it.
Yet Monsanto still rapes them
We will be  celebrating the  peanut industry and peanut farmers Saturday in  Blakely Ga. Could you give us a shout out on Twitter?
Let's focus on Organics. Let's open up new ways to get healthy food to all the people. Banish GMOs. Yes, absolutely Thank you to the Farmers of our nation!
Bullshit, GMOs are good for us and other animals and we’ve been doing it for millennia
The only reason you brought this up because they are white farmers. It fits right in with your racist narrative.
And Dipshit Donnie is going to put the Farmers out of business with his Tariffs and dumb immigration policies. Then the #CrookedTrumps can by their land and build more crappy country clubs and $200k membership fees. #ImpeachmentNow #PutinsPuppet #lockupkushner
Delivering monocultures and greed in the farming world. Employing illegal immigrants for slave wages and crying about them "taking our jobs" as y'all stuff your brimming pockets with the souls of those you step on to raise yourselves up.
susidies have no place in our  budget.  If you can't make it, then you fail
He's a welfare king
Liar, liar, pants on fire.
https://www.farmaid.org/issues/farm-policy/one-year-trump-administration-farm-policy/ …
Und von Columbus entdeckt 
It was also founded my immigrants who fled their country.
My ancestors were midwest farmers and still are. Don't let illegals and corporations take over. Farmers are the best.
My family settled Utah and Idaho. Not one of them has a farm anymore because of big industry and Monsanto. The family farm is no longer a viable way of life for most. Corporations have destroyed that possibility.
Yes, and that is a load.  We need and love our farmers.  Im mad about your family!

Mr. President, Please do not accept this 6 month budget deal.
Tamed? What does that mean?
I’ll therefore assume you get your insurance from Farmers?
Guess what hauls farmers produce? Oh yea that would be trucks, Get rid of the ELD Mandate, no one can be this stupid by inacting this law, therefore your putting the American independent truckers aside, and going with the ata.
It’s evident that many on here only won’t to stir racial divide no matter what is said.. you people are sad!
Wonderful News!  My grandparents were dairy farmers.
true
You don't have a clue what the American Farmer and family have given to this country. They almost lost everything in the 70s when the gov was foreclosing on their family farms. They work day and night, sacrific time with family, no vacay,work town jobs in winter
Read a history book you fucking idiot
Cannabis and hemp farmers.. don't forget
Yes President
Absolutely ,farmers are the life line of this beautiful nation , I couldn't have said it any better, beautifully put, we will continue to make America great...
how by getting tariffs on pork, soybean and corn?
The Mad  King tweets
What in the hell is going on?
By putting tariffs on china you have just hurt the farmers . China imports our produce. Great job not.
What exactly are you delivering them? Aren't many of them in massive debt?
Please do something to save us in South Africa Every day farmers are killed their wives and kids tortured and raped. SA MORE DANGEROUS THAN SYRIA Between 01 April 16 31 March 17 a total of 19 016 people were murdered in http://SA.In  Syria 10 204 in the same time
Fake news Iam south African,there's no such things, lies,rumours
Russian Troll? Just wondering.
Trump was was born and raised in the Red Scare, where everyone hated each other so how the hell Trump be a Russian?
Thank you-no more Mexican produce! With the way that nation is run who can trust its produce?
And China is the largest purchaser of our farm goods, which they now are put high tariffs on them. This will destroy our farmers. WAY TO GO.
In other words this is what he has done to the farmers crops
And don't forget the explorers who "found" the continent. And Cavemen. Where would we be without Cavemen? Oh yeah, and Amoebas, don't forget them. 
Could Trump and his supporters be any more irrelevant to our current times? Maybe if they understood the past accurately?
Then let's help people become first time farmers instead of letting big developers tear it . Would love to do what my grandfather did not this
Is that why your ripping them off ?
So you are willing to throw them under the bus with China tariff???  You are more than disturbing.
Amen to the farmers!
You just picked their pocket with your (unilateral) aluminum and steel tariff.
By deporting all their workers. Remember, Americans are too damn lazy.
very good my world president
Self debasing negro
and your tariffs will cause retaliation against the farmers...nice job...SAD
Really I thought our nation was founded by genocide committing Europeans.
No you are NOT!
TELL US ALL WHAT JARED IS UP TO?  WHAT OR HOW MANY SCAMS, MONEY LAUDERING, BS LOANS FROM PINCHED LENDERS....  Jared Jared Jared !
Yes, and don't you think the tariffs you placed on Chinese imports will hurt those farmers?
And apparently our Democracyis being destroyed by one!

The same farmers who founded and fought for our country kept slaves. They would own so many slaves that they would not have to work at all
Oh yes, you & factory farms & GMO corn & Monsanto. #RESISTANCE

Koylu milletin efendisidir amk
Founded by farmers???? You are an idiot!!!!?
Sadly it's being destroyed by failed business people like you! Politicians being bought whole sale by big business for their moneyed interests and screw everyone else and the planet.
Oh and those farmers... they were slave owners. So your country, I mean USA not Russia, was built by slaves. Especially that WHITE building you live in!
Your presidency is founded on stupidity, your campaign was won by lack of integrity, the truth will not be tamed! #JudgementDay
Lol have you forgotten that this moron was elected by a majority and like the old saying goes it takes one to know one.
Tariffs wars...no thanks!
You didn’t write this.

Was founded by immigrants
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1752154805095953&id=100009043529658 …
And your tariffs will hurt them. #cluelesspresident
Yes it was won by farmers, farmers that refused to give up their firearms. 

The #Traitors in the @GOP
Put Gun Control in the #omnibus bill

#VetoTheOmnibus

#2ADefenders
#2A #2AShallNotBeInfringed
Soooo can we please stop forcing the farmers to poison the people so they can "stay in business" #monsanto
Wau God bless you your exllency.
Just left #FoundingFarmers restaurant in DC. Will camp outside  embassy on Wisconsin Ave. to protest. Who do u want me to say hi to there, #Fakepotus?
There was slavery in africa long before there was slavery in colonial U.S. In fact there is still slavery, rape and worse in africa
We are VOTING against sancuarty cities here in California. Help us help you . Travis Allen for Governor. Not newsom. Not cox!
Our nation was was founded upon all people's one upon another trees gave us homes. All living and non living give us sustinence without a number there is infinite gratitude.
By FARMERS, you obviously mean corporations. The family farm is dead, stop trying to play on our emotions. Make real policy to help REAL people!
And the farmers of Kurdistan stand and fight but Turkey &their Hitler type leadership is committing genocide.
War fighters can only do so much against war planes.
We international volunteers can only do so much. Provide us support please.. Help in crushing Turkey/Isis.
Just more spending increases. No spending decreases? No government downsizing. We can't keep going deeper in debt like this. Are they intentionally trying to destroy America?
Farmers are the Base for. Power .
Exactly chasing votes from the largest number of Millionaires in the USA, living high on subsidies. The last Mom and Pop farm was 50 years ago
I would add to all those statements "with firearms" #NRA #2A
delivering Harvest boxes?
and will the trade war you find so "good" help the American exports they depend on?
How about this libtards? If you don't love it leave. Good luck finding a country that never used slave labor or decimate the indigenous population.
Except your new tariffs on China will directly affect these farmers
present tromp if you signed that bill that triple our spending it's time for a civil war
To protect our schools arm protect and defend from the Educational Department funds and give the rights back to the States of governance and mandates.
God bless USA farmers, their families and friends. I believe when we get too far from r farmers we are in jeopardy. Thank you farmers. 
Our nation was built on the backs of slaves!! Nice try! UnWoke!!
Greetings from western Colorado. Please work on the water for farmers and ranchers in USA .
Yep yep, and a lot were not 21 . And Veterans who enlisted before they were 18 and even lied (Saying that they were ) Just to be able to serve, I'm protecting our great country
Very much so,because African-American already knew how to farm from where we came from the soil was so very rich, the world builder were Black as well, yet no Recognition
This country was founded by immigrants! Like the ancestors in your family and the ancestors in families all over USA! Yes! Some were farmers! Because in the 1800 nothing was made in “CHINA” they had to work their bodies off!!! “You hypocrite”
They rode in on their John Deere. Fought wars on them too!
Our nation was founded on Farmers back then we caught them slaves which brings me to my point how dare your Trader Daddy come to the United States as an immigrant and has the nerve to discriminate against our people
Apparently the Chinese have figured that out, too
Well Mr President im old country boy live in Alabama concerned not about what we cultivate in our soil but what what has been cultivated in the soul of our country  Mr President your opioid epidemic has been brought on by a medical Babylon the spirit of Pharmakia as with all
Boycott for they support @davidhogg111 and attack conservatives.

1. @sleepnumber 
2. @ATT 
3. Nutrish
4. @Allstate & @esurance 
5.  @Bayer 
6. @RocketMortgage Mortgage 
7. @LibertyMutual
8. @Arbys 
9. @TripAdvisor 
10. @Nestle 
11. @hulu 
12. @Wayfair
From what economists are saying is you will be screwing over the Midwest farmers with a trade war. By all means- screw them over. They were ignorant enough to vote for you. We need their votes in 2020.
RACIST PIG  RAPIST PIG SAD LITTLE FAT MANSHAME ON YOU!
Support family farms, not factory farms.
https://www.cnn.com/2018/03/22/politics/john-dowd-white-house/index.html …

WOW!!! DID YOU FIRE HIM, TOO??? OR WATERGATE 2???
Amen
Used car salesman
On the 8th day- God made a Farmer. #GodBlessOurFarmers
This nation was stolen by farmers , quit lying
VETO the OmniBull. Please, Sir!!
You’re doing nothing. America’s farmers are far worse off. Name one thing you have done for them
USA was colonialized by Pilgrims - religious refugees coming from England. Tribal factionalism, extermination of native Americans and Slavery by your "taming" farmers are the basis of your thoughts. Your ancestors better stayed in GER to fulfill Hitler's dreams. Ur 2 l8!
This is great . The Founding Farmers. ‘We hold this corn to be self-evident, that all tobacco plants are created equal, that they are endowed by their Farmer with certain unsoilable rights, that among these are Life, Brocoli and the pursuit of Harvesting.’
Are country was over ruled by white people and there problems, people live fine till Christopher Columbus's came along.
Make hemp great again Mr President
Tu dois saisir la différence entre celui qui te parle pendant son temps libre et celui qui trouve du temps pour parler avec toi.
Must remove all the Democrat's Communistic policies to save Farmers
Who writes this shit for you?
WRONG Again... United States was founded and built by immigrants, people of color and refugees looking for a better life! Get smart and your knowledge right... Resist
Finally, a smart man!
God Bless The  USA
How about you make sure our farmers get paid what they deserve!!! But what the hell do you know about actually paying anybody! Joke president!!!
