There is no way that ANYTHING you do will "strengthen science." Your only goal is to strengthen the pocketbooks of your donors and those who would profit off the deterioration of the health & well being of our environment. May you burn in hell for your actions in this world!
Do you have even an inkling of what science means? You’re from Oklahoma, for Christ’s sake. Talk about unqualified.
#PruittYoureDestoryingTheEnvironment
#PruittBullshit
#EPAHeadDestroysAgencyMillionsToDieIn20Years


Mr Pruitt has committed himself to undoing as many Obama-era environmental regulations as he can https://econ.st/2r6DjxP 
Questions for you:
I understand you pushed for a disclaimer in school books in OK indicating that evolution is a theory that has yet to be proven. 
-What do you consider “science?”
-What term do you use for the stuff the rest of US call “fossil fuels?”
You should have told half those HYPOCRITES where to go...most of them should be sitting in front of a committee!! Don't take their crap ...FIGHT BACK! Sick of them targeting ALL Trumps Agency picks....They didn't give a hoot what the CRIMINALS in the Obama Adm did
you spineless twit - you wouldn’t recognize science if you saw it. we need to find someone to head the epa that is fair and balanced. we have enough lap dogs in dc already
U made solid pt. testing should be scientific, reproducible. Avoid speaking about integrity since uv personally demonstrated so little of it. Moreover, ur handlers are committed to demonizing any science contrary to their bottom line. Ask them to drink the water they contaminate.

Surrender Scott!!! Resign now!
At least as another bag-o-crap you are in the right agency for polution.
My grandchildren deserve a REAL environmental leader for the EPA.  They certainly deserve better than a lying, self-absorbed polluter & s-hole. May your job soon be extinct. @SierraClub @NRDC
Having a guy who doesn’t understand science, rejects its basic tenets, questions the validity of established facts like evolution, to be running epa , an organization the needs science to make sound decisions, is a disgrace.
The @EPA is trying to gut protections against dirty #coalash waste. Utilities must continue to test the water near their toxic coal ash dumps to make sure hazardous chemicals don't leak into drinking water. Tell the EPA to #protectcleanwater:
this is a freakish Nazi statement.

Pure Trumpian Leadership: break the rules; take no responsibility; and always blame others. Pruitt is showing he has the stuff to be Donald’s running mate in 2020. https://twitter.com/politico/status/990038157990252544 …
Climate science says humans contribute to the speed at which the climate is currently changing. It’s so solid that only people like you ( coal happy corporate shills) don’t believe it. Yet you continue to deny, and make policy based on your denial. You are a disaster.
Science is SCIENCE (NOT lobbyist, NOT coal, NOT oil & gas companies)  it is NOT secret .  RESIGN
Resign you dirt bag! Help us clean up the environment! @EPAScottPruitt

Is Scott Pruitt unfit to hold public office?
Science and logic will land you in jail
We need to base regulations on facts that are verifiable.
Shut up
I can’t wait until you become another unemployed flunky of this administration. Tick-tock, tick-tock.
I am Against this plan. Who will participate in scientific studies to #ENDALZ Alzheimers or ALS if all their private details will be made public? There's no such thing as "secret science"! Learn about what science is, or else leave your job.
You’re just eliminating science.  You’re a disgrace.
What’s wrong with you?

Science isn't secret you #Dotard it's peer reviewed!
For you to do this is as ethically questionable as all the taxpayer money you have spent for your own personal benefit.  Why do you still work there if you disrespect and hate Americans so much?
Trump’s EPA Director Says Climate Change Will Be Good for Us
Accumulating Evidence: Federal Scientists are being Silenced | Union of Concerned Scientists
Two senior EPA political appointees—including 1 who personally supervises every grant the agency awards to or solicits from outside groups—got approval from the agency’s ethics office to continue to collect outside income while working for the Trump admin
“Hiring a firm that offers services attacking the press and surveilling your employees threatens the functioning of your agency and potentially the freedom of the press guaranteed by our Constitution,” wrote top democratic leaders in a letter to @EPA. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/12/17/us/politics/epa-pruitt-media-monitoring.html … …
Senate confirms a former coal lobbyist as Scott Pruitt’s second-in-command at EPA - The Washington Post
Government photographer Simon Edelman was fired by the Trump administration after he leaked a photo suggesting they weren't exactly draining the swamp
A coal executive’s “action plan” for President Trump has been made public. The administration's moves on environmental and climate policy have in multiple instances overlapped with the items in the memo.
Coal miner deaths, not mining jobs, nearly doubled under relaxed rules @realDonaldTrump implemented http://www.newsweek.com/coal-miners-safety-health-trump-788576 … …
Since you've undermined #science at the EPA, opting instead to make decisions based on political or corrupt grounds, does this mean you're resigning?
Pruitt, a non-scientist, does not get to decide how science works just because scientific findings don't sync with his "should"-based political beliefs.
#BootPruitt #FirePruitt #PruittMustGo #UnfitForOffice #Kakistocracy
You are corrupt. And it’s time for you to step down. The American people do not trust you and you deserve to investigates for wasting my tax dollars.
Yes, typo. Don’t @ me
'secret science' what a joke, I would love to see Pruitt even attempt to read and interpret a peer reviewed journal article.
I really want to see him try to read it in his new phone booth in his office.
Then he can call his secretary to ask what the big words mean
Shame on you
He has none.
Climate Change denial. Ignorance and malfeasance at the highest levels.
#Pruitt is an avowed enemy of learning; an enemy of science and a global hazard.  

Hopefully we can survive his tenure without too much irreversible damage. 

We have one #Planet.
You should not speak of that which you don’t know. Saying that the era of “secret science” is over is like claiming Santa Claus has just announced his retirement. How about you make the administration’s research agenda, it’s justification and key hypotheses public too...
Also, what is the timeframe you use when conducting your cost benefit analysis? Are you actively discounting the future? Because, of course you are.
A special level of hell for climate change deniers.
OMG ... that is called research.  Hypothesis... test hypothesis... repeat the test getting same result over and over... reach a conclusion based on tests... all done by qualified individuals. You know like 97% of the climate scientists... watch NOVA and learn, Scotty!
#BootPruitt
So instead of science will we all be praying to our Lord and Savior Captain Crunch for answers?
If cap’n crunch spouts oil out of his ass, then yes.  What level of hell do corporate shills go to?
You're trying to wreck our air and water and land for profit. You're a despicable human and never should have been allowed in the office @EPAScottPruitt
Go fuck yourself
How do you manage to consistently outdo yourself with terrible decisions?
You’re literally the worst.
"secret science" do you even know how science works? It has to be reproducible by others. It's literally the basis of science. You're trash and I am willing to prove that. Pick an environmental topic. Give me 3 weeks to study it and then we'll debate live.
Hey Scott. I just popped in to remind you that you are the absolute worst thing to come from this current administration. We can deal with short term political/social/economic upheaval. Every second of conservation that YOU waste....is utterly DEVASTATING!
"The era of secret science @EPA is coming to an end?" Is this a joke? Am I looking at The Onion .@EPAScottPruitt ?
RESIGN
C O W A R D
T R A I T O R
We deserve a person with integrity and job transparency. #Resign
Uh oh! You used the #EPA dirty word! "The EPA’s Office of Science and Technology Policy no longer lists 'science' in the paragraph describing what it does." Get off it, Scottie. Too little, too late. You're outa here! #FirePruitt #BootPruitt
Thank you Scott!
Hahah you think the air is going to be separated into blue and red lil' cheerleader troll?
Why stop here? If you Regressives really hate science and objective reality this much, why not rescind requirements that doctors go to medical school, or engineers to engineering school? WHY DO YOU HATE THIS PLANET???
Choose wisely.

You mean the era of science has come to an end. Hopefully your tenure at the helm is too.
You don’t get to lecture anyone about transparency when you have a sound proof phone booth.
RESIGN
Secret science? It’s not secret just because you fail to understand it. You know who tries to hide things? People who buy 30k sound proof phone booths. Speaking of secrets, when are you stepping down for wasting our money, Mr. Corruption? Keep dancing for Murray, puppet.
Here is a better idea The era of @EPAScottPruitt  at the EPA comes to an end !
Resign.
You’re a joke.
Americans deserve the legitimacy of our ADMINISTRATION!  Time to RESIGN @EPAScottPruitt
One piece of regulation at a time, you continue to hand over the EPA to fossil fuel and chem lobbyists. The lightning strike w/ your name on it couldn’t come sooner my friend
Like the secret science of climate change? Can you give us one example of secret science by @EPA ?
The #SecretScience Rule bans data required by law to protect patient confidentiality. The American Cancer Society studies records of patients, analyses & draws statistical conclusions RE: carcinogenicity but protects patients individual info. This would ban those studies! It's BS
A simple guide to the Corruption of the EPA  Administrator! https://www.politico.com/interactives/2018/scott-pruitt-epa-ethics-spending/ … #LockHimUp
Americans deserve an epa that actually protects the environment
They also deserve open, apolitical science that can be replicated.
This is incredibly misleading and dishonest. What you are really doing is moving to block the use of medical studies that all require patient confidentiality. This is just another effort to protect polluters.
This is a joke, right?  Americans have already assessed the "legitimacy" of plenty of science you continue to ignore.  I think most are more interested in assessing the legitimacy of your role as the head of the EPA.
So you're refusing to allow scientifically verified health risks to be used in reports and rulemaking processes. How convenient!

Thankfully people really aren't as stupid as you think they are, this bullshit is going to get shot down in court.

"secret science" 
I sure hope you’re right about it being shot down in court.
You have my full support and as far as I am concerned you could spend $100,000 on gifts of tissues for the AGW useful idiots to wipe their tears away and I wouldn't care. 

Great job you are doing sir.

Restore American Industry.
#MAGA
Josh wants shit on his water and neurotoxins in his food.
Yes, of course I do.

Because that didn't happen anyways with crippling neomercantilism strangling our heaby industry to death and chasing it overseas where they do it 10x dirtier. 

Good point. 
No those are just unpatriotic corporations.
Crazy? You want to publish patients' medical records. OMG! Ever heard of HIPPA? You are a disgrace to mankind #Resign
Anonymity of personal medical records used in scientific research is not "secret science". This rule limits research.
In a Biblical way?
You don't know what science is, you science denier. Resign already.
#ResignScottPruitt
Fuck you.
Science is not for you to believe in, it’s there for you to understand!! #WednesdayWisdom #Science #BachelorOfScience
Please explain how burning carbon is carbon neutral? 
Respond to this post or DM me with your scientific reasoning.
Just a reminder to #RESIGN
Sadly, you have no knowledge or interest in science. You just care about payoffs from polluters

Dear Scott Pruitt: If you're going to waste $43,000 of taxpayer funds for a phone booth, at least make it secure. Or you could do what normal Americans do when we make private phone calls: we close the door.…
You are a sick individual! #FirePruitt
Maybe u should rethink the Secret Service involvement in your job... I literally watched u LIE when you said u were not involved with senior staff pay raises. Maybe u should keep them 2 police the words coming from your mouth?
Pruitt an "embarrassment to President Trump" and said that if he were president, "I'd just get rid of you." Yup a total disgrace to the American people.. Your Fired..
You've proven yourself to be a liar, & an unscrupulous shill with zero #ethics & #integrity. You don't have the intelligence, judgement, nor common sense to comment on science, let alone make decision on the environment. You are a disgrace. #RESIGN #scottpruitt #epa #TrumpSwamp
Congress has work to do but have had to spend time investigating your abuses of power and possible conflicts of interest. This job is a trust. Your mission should be to protect the environment, not line your pockets.
Canada knows you’re a sham
Eat fart
Let’s eliminate waste in travel, wasted tax dollars for unnecessary “cones of silence,” attacks on rational thought and scientific inquiry, self-dealing in government, and Pruitt’s politically-motivated and dangerous ravaging of important environmental regulations.
You care about science? Ha! Your policies are dangerous and just wrong. And you’re an ethical joke. Time to resign, buh buh nasty lying destructive horror show! 
Somebody who denies science and knows nothing about the disciplines shouldn't be allowed anywhere near the type of pristine research scientists undertake to arrive at answers. This move is politically motivated and very unethical.
How do you still have a job?? @realDonaldTrump was supposed to drain the swamp. Instead he hired you, your first class travel, your ridiculous 24/7 security detail, your spending tax money on your personal trips, your continuous lying about spending 43k on a #scif. #FirePruitt
you are a joke
Deny science, truth and data. Legitimacy? The scientific community has always tested, authenticated, findings with each other, that's how a fact comes to conclusion as a truth. You deny science, and climate change. You deregulate at the expense of the earth, people, and species.
You are fooling no one, fool.
How about an end to your secret meetings with polluters?
How about more meetings with EPA career employees for scientific and policy input?
How about you stop wasting taxpayers money on sound booths, 24 hrs security, and broken doors?
Secret science... I can’t wait to see all you old men retire, get fired or be impeached. Clean air and water, biodiversity and our planet are more important than your pocketbooks.
You know, strikes me that as administrator of the EPA the buck stops with you and, as such, you should be aware of EVERYTHING that goes on, especially big expenditures. If you're not then you have no business holding the position you do.
While they'll be well off financially, it's brutal for your children and eventual grand children having to live the rest of their lives living in your nothing less than an ignorant, revolting, disgraceful and shameful shadow. On top of that they live in Oklahoma.
Um, yeah, Scott. That's what science IS. Testing, authenticating, and reproducing findings. The OPPPOSITE of science is how you're handling the protection of the environment.
Hopefully the era of corrupt, cowardly sycophantic sellouts will be coming to an end as well.
You sir make me physically ill. And surely you are not a steward of the land.
The era of science @EPA is coming to an end because you're a  mucking foron.
"Americans" in this tweet referring to your donors in the fossil fuel industry.
This is BS.
You’re a disgusting disgrace and you’re not fooling the people
It is not "secret science"; you just want to help lobbyists. My medical records used in study should not be openly shared without my permission. One more example of you bringing swamp to Washington."The swamp is my world. It is who I am; it is what I am" #SwampThing
The only secret science is coming out of your soundproof, gold-plated booth.

You are a liar Scott.  You claim to be a christian but if you were you would not be trying to destroy this planet.  Science is REAL.  Youre beliefs are not backed by anything
The EPA was having issues when it comes to transparency and polluting corporations infiltration,but you have shamelessl thrown any sense of propriety to the wind. I expect this will make people more aware and that good changes will take place after you are removed.
You're such an dense moron! Don't preach to us about integrity and legitimacy. The fact that the science is overwhelming that climate change is happening and we're to blame and your refusal to accept it attests to your lack of integrity and legitimacy. You need to go!
I think “secret science” is code for “I’m not smart enough or interested enough to understand this science stuff”.
Secret science, you mean science that doesn’t agree with your friends in the oil, gas, mining, and other pollution making industries right Doit?
I'm going to let your grandkids know that the reason the planet is dying is because you chose money over all else.
@realDonaldTrump 
This grifter must go!!
#PruittMustGo
POS Pruitt yammering on about transparency, while he hides in a $43,000 booth to make phone calls, and cowers in first class. Chickenshit!
You’re a fraud. A grifting, deceitful, fraud
America deserves a head of the EPA  who will fight for policies that will PROTECT the Earth, its people and the environment....NOT pollute it into extinction. Please resign.
You are rotten to the core. An evil hated POS.
"Assess the legitimacy of the science underpinning Agency decisions". Your statement is pure BS double talk. Do your job. Stop assessing.
GET OUT!
Sen. Collins: Pruitt "the wrong person" to head the agency. Collins said that his actions on the environment, "whether it's trying to undermine the Clean Power Plan or weaken the restrictions on lead or undermine the methane rules," validate her decision.
We had that until you came along, started packing your bags for OK. yet?
Integrity something you know nothing about since you love spending taxpayers money on frivolous things!  Rule making something you obvious don’t follow or understand.  Americans deserve a legitimate @EPA director not someone who spends money like water coming out of the faucet.
How do you still have a job you shameless grifter???
FFS
#BootPruitt 
#ClimateChangeIsReal 
#Science
We also deserve a true head of the EPA not a crook with crimes against humanity.
You’ve scrubbed science from th EPA you corrupt douche canoe. Public sector scientists are required to share their data and studies. It is peer reviewed by other scientists. It is vetted at conferences, through collaborators and numerous other studies that corroborate their data.
This song was recorded 3 years before your agency was founded. You have a duty to this country. Act like it.
You are an obscenity.
There is no Secret Science! 
There’s just science.
Awesome!
#Trumptard
Yay !!!!
Yay! Feed me some pesticides! I’m a stupid Trumptard who likes to drink poison!

Legitimacy of science? You don’t even believe in climate change
What does climate change mean?
If you have to ask there's no point in explaining. There's plenty enough info out there.
Not really. Lots of opinions tho.
That’s the thing about science: not much subjectivity there.
Theory or emperical evidence? Which one?
We just had 3 devastating hurricanes hit the U.S. days apart. How many years passed from Katrina to Sandy? If you can’t find empirical evidence of climate change, you’re really not even trying.
Hadn't heard about them.
History will judge you incredibly harshly and I wonder if you even comprehend how many demons you are unleashing upon humanity all in the name of profit? There will be no monuments for you. Only eternal scorn from climate ravaged societies and haunted by the blood on your hands
Only problem is this administration doesn’t believe in science
In a list of “Worst Americans Ever” you’re definitely top 5. I wonder what it’s like to experience complete and total soul death as you have.
If the financially-struggling working families who got your boss elected had even a hint of how your work would damage their health & future, you would need every last bit of the security detail you're making us pay for. You're a despicable grifter not worthy of the public sector
THANK YOU !
Way past time to get rid of the junk science .
He’s replacing actual science with industry propaganda you lcd
Zinke, Pruitt, Smith in the mural "The Triumph of greed over the garden of earthly delights". You will be remembered.
This is utter BS. In dealing with the EPA for close to 30-yrs, never has there been “secret science”, if Pruitt & his minions understood scienctific method, Peer review, public comment they would never degrade the quality of work the EPA performs on behalf of Americans.
What turned you into such a corrupt ignorant weasel?
Your grandchildren will learn what a disgusting POS their grandfather is/was & how he put $$$ over protecting & saving their/our only planet. What a gross legacy that will carry on for generations. Lucky kids.
Secret science? You mean No science. Do you really think that ordinary citizens can/would/ should re evaluate the hard research and work done by scientists? No. No, the fact is you and relgious rightconservatives are threatened by science, you are scared of science.
This would be funny if it weren't so sad......you are a pathetic, incompetent and corrupt numbnut.  Your time in the job is short.
Before the EPA we literally had fires burning on rivers. State of OK has more super funds than any other state. You have so many security guards because you know we’re not going to allow you to keep this nonsense up.
Yeah yeah...we get it. Science bad. Corruption good.
The only science you're moved by, Pruitt, is the science of $. You love to live lavishly on other ppl's $. So you take $ from corps. & in return allow them to pollute w/o consequences, passing the costs onto us, including 1000s of premature deaths. They don't come any dirtier.
I think you meant “the era of science.” Period.
Please also end ALL the slush fund EPA programs that transfer American wealth from hard working taxpayers to crony environmental groups and companies!! END THE INSANITY! Global warming is hoax! #QAnon #GreatAwakening #MAGA
Says the man bought and paid for by Trump, oil, coal gas and auto industry.   Sigh....
Resign.
There you go again.  We know you’re lying, because your lips are moving.  Best to resign quietly.
"Secret science" apparently means peer-reviewed work by folks not in the pay of industry.

Actually we deserve an EPA administrator who does not screw the public and rob the country. We deserve someone who has morals and values. Resign
TRUMP&PRUITT  HAVE BECOME WHAT J. ROBERT OPPENHEIMER SAID OF HIMSELF.
"I HAVE BECOME DEATH THE DESTROYER OF WORLDS" 
WE CAN NOT DRINK THE OILAND THE HERBICIDES, PESTICIDES AND CHEMICALS ARE KILLING US AND DEFORMING OUR BABIES
TRUMP THE MOST IGNORANT PRESIDENT EVER

Jesus abhors douchebags, douchebag.
What the hell do YOU know about science?!?  You are a grifter and a con!  Thankful, your days are numbered!
“undermining”
Science is LOGIC/MATHEMATICS !!!
You’re wrong, Scott. Only scientists can assess science. #BootPruitt
By tweeting this, you trying to get the attention away from your many scandals. 

It won’t work.
The reason the science is "secret" is to protect private medical information. Is Captain Privacy Booth suggesting that Americans have no right to privacy?
Climate change data protects patients???  If climate scientist are afraid of releasing their raw data maybe they are worried their results r wrong
The Climate data has been public for a long time. The “secret” data in question is private medical data used to assess health impacts of pollution.

Trump without his human skin suit!
ahahahahha
You are the best EPA Administrator we've ever had.  Stand your ground and keep fighting, Administrator Pruitt!
By best you mean worst. Everything you Trumptards say the opposite is true.
Jeff:
1. No, I mean best.  Creme de la creme.  The standard.  Number one.  Hope that clears up any confusion.
2. Sticks and stones, an insult is not a valid argument, and I forgive you.
3. Do you have any evidence to back up this claim?
If the universe could send a heart attack or something else with similar strength your way, humanity would be better off.
The era of secret sound-proof administrative offices is upon us. You aren’t fooling anyone. You are a cancer to this planet. Karma is gonna get your ass sooner than later.
Secret science? Current clean air/water legislation is based on evidence-based research/science! Why did you remove evidence-based facts from the EPA website? You are only concerned about yourself & the polluters you represent. You are supposed to PROTECT AMERICANS! RESIGN!!!!!!!
“Pruitt is currently facing 10 investigations by the EPA inspector general’s office” but, like his oily corporate comrades, he blames others for his greasy decisions.
#BootPruitt #FirePruitt #PollutingPruitt #EPA #Trump
#WednesdayWisdom #ImpeachTrump #Liar
Did you really just use the word integrity?
Man... you are like, a really bad human.
Your utter ignorance is showing old boy, your statement "... Americans deserve to assess legitimacy ..." assumes that this is not currently or has been the case in the past?  Wow you need to some serious 'catch-up' on your understanding of the scientific method.
I vote for a new EPA Administrator.
You unethical destructive dangerous SOB. Your policies are taking us backwards, you need to be fired ASAP!!
And how do you propose we reproduce deep horizon or other large oil/chemical spills? Bc under this rule the data scientists collected from those would be excluded since we can’t reproduce it. Also a lot of that data is protected/shielded bc of health laws. #NiceTry #WhatAJerk
This new policy is a sham. You are a true treat to the environmental and human health and scientific inquiry.
How will that be possible, with the exodus of so many scientists?  Astounding.
take the perks you’ve wasted our money on and just go. resign. your denial of science-based policy is a disgrace. i hope you get run over by an oil tanker.
You are literally a villain from the Toxic Crusaders. #FirePruitt
.. and especially Zinke, from completely destroying what little environment, our beautiful, precious land, nature, air, water, wildlife & fish before it’s too late. We worked so hard to fix the damage we’ve already done to our Earth but in 1 year you’ve taken us back 100 years.
At least all the comments on this are completely trashing you and your dangerous policies. Faith in humanity restored.
I just reported a violation of EPA regulations on their violation website with the violator being Scott Pruitt.
You're the worst.
Are you aware you're one of the villains of the piece?
