$5000 dollar charter flight from denver to durango a 336 mile trip! This clown is living a billionaires lifestyle on the taxpayers dollar! #FireScottPruitt
Do you have any plan to address environmental issues as it pertains to poisoning Americans with #GeoEngineering via #Chemtrails? The air, water and soil are toxic as a result. #DoYourJob @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @PressSec @TrishaDishes @SlicksTweetz @EPA
@HHSGov

Party of fiscal responsibility
Shh, Stormy is suing trump , don’t tell the evangelicals
You can’t name a single thing you have actually done to make the air or water cleaner. You are pathetic and should be in jail for harming people.

Grow some balls and conceded to be interviewed by a climate change scientist; rather than some ignorant power puff trumper
LOLOLOLOLOL traitor

Protecting the environment is your job, not glad-handing with a bunch of Republican lobbyists! This is why people get pissed at you.
some times a burning bush is just a burning bush.
Did anyone ask you about:
ties w polluting industries
18 member security team
25 million $ phone booth
federal $ 4 private travel
anti-lobbying violations
personal email 4 fed biz
firing @EPA scientists
spying on employees
corrupt cronyism
or Morocco?
#PollutingPruitt
#FirePruitt

“Ladies and gentlemen of the Legion of Doom we have defeated the forces of good. Darkness and destruction shall reign.” Cliff notes of his speech.
idiot
Who else is there? Racist Marine LaPen and beet-extract pusher (not to mention what else...) Dana Loesch. I’m embarrassed for you. I’d tell you in person, but I fly coach.
Scotty starring as Hexxus in Fern Gully. Now he runs the Environmental Pollution Agency.
Did you fly first class to get there? Gotta avoid the trash down in steerage.

Why do you need a soundproof office. Given that we pay your salary, your actions are supposed to be open; not opaque. Clearly you are up to no good. Selling America’s environment to advance your own perverted big business objective. You disgust me.
Be sure to tell them that a lawyer with zero science training believes himself to have a more credible opinion on climate change than PhD scientists who have their research peer reviewed. Your ignorance and arrogance absolutely disgust me. Disgraceful.
I hope you flew coach. No more first class travel on the tax payers dime for you, you leech

The Great Lakes contain 20% of the world's freshwater, have 10,000 miles of coast, and supply water to 40 million people.…
Scott Pruitt is corrupt. FBI needs to investigate his SECRET meetings!!
Of course you are; you’re  surrounded by people as scientifically illiterate and characterless as you are. #stupidcon
Be sure to tell everyone how those animals in coach were going to make you walk a wing at 30,000 feet. And how they chased you into first class.

Many of your efforts are doing the exact opposite of EPA’s mission of protecting human health and the environment.
Answer for this
Do you still feel that climate change is a good thing? What are you doing to protect our environment from the fossil fuel industry? Can you explain how coal can be clean?
Why interview "The Environment Devil"
You're f*ing up our environment.   Travel by business class
It’s called the Enviromental Protection Agency NOT whore the planet to the Koch brothers. Do your job or get out.
You’re doing a great job Mr Pruitt!! 
Have fun while you are destroying our environment!

So now we used official govt accounts to advance your personal political agenda?
Meh!
Perfect. Visiting the sewer.
Excited you flew first class & spent millions of our tax dollars on your fabulous new lifestyle? 
You’re scared of being near real Americans
1st class all the way!
I mean you, not your flights at taxpayer expense. 
You are 1st class all the way!
Eat shit!!!!
Did you fly first class? Need bodyguards?
WOW THEY PULLED OUT ALL THE STRINGS FOR CPAC. ALL THE STABLE GENIUSES IN ONE PLACE AT ONCE.
Pruitt, why are you there? You don’t know diddly squat about the environment. Heck, you don’t even believe in climate change or scientists! You just love flying 1st class on our dime. Grow a set and sit in coach
Hope you enjoy your time at CrapPAC
What are you doing on Earth Day?
Party of Trump
When you get kicked out, please don’t return to Oklahoma.
As a US taxpayer I find your attendance at this event an abomination.
I KNEW IT!!!  I KNEW @CPAC wouldn't be complete without Voldemort, Darth Vader or @EPAScottPruitt
I'm excited to get you out of government!
This song was recorded 3 years before your agency was founded. You have a duty to this country. Act like it.
Hey Scott, have you taken the #TidePodChallenge yet? What are you waiting for?
Will you be on stage shouting, "TOGETHER, WE WILL DESTROY THE PLANET!!!" ???
#tellthetruth
Naw they'll go to Lock Her Up they always do lmfao as their side is getting indicted and pleading guilty
Trump’s EPA Director Says Climate Change Will Be Good for Us
Some 300 scientists and environmental protection specialists have departed the agency during the Trump administration:
Under Trump, E.P.A. Has Slowed Actions Against Polluters, and Put Limits on Enforcement Officers - The New York Times
Trump EPA loosens regulations for "major" sources of air pollution http://hill.cm/HtD2V21 
EPA's Latest Water Attack: Protecting Polluting Power Plants | NRDC
Trump and Scott Pruitt post signs boasting about EPA deregulation, employees say it feels like a "slap in the face" http://bit.ly/2FeMQZ1 
EPA has appointed Pruitt's own banker—who was banned from the banking industry for life—to oversee its Superfund program. https://theintercept.com/2017/12/28/scott-pruitt-failed-banker-running-epa-superfund-program/ … …
How Scott Pruitt Is Gutting the EPA on Behalf of the Fossil-Fuel Industry http://rol.st/2h4bMuV  via @RollingStone
We are excited that you exhibit "garbage human" tendencies by claiming you are excited to be at essential a white nationalist convention.
