How Scott Pruitt Is Gutting the EPA on Behalf of the Fossil-Fuel Industry http://rol.st/2h4bMuV  via @RollingStone
Trump EPA loosens regulations for "major" sources of air pollution http://hill.cm/HtD2V21 
Under Trump, E.P.A. Has Slowed Actions Against Polluters, and Put Limits on Enforcement Officers - The New York Times
Trump and Scott Pruitt post signs boasting about EPA deregulation, employees say it feels like a "slap in the face" http://bit.ly/2FeMQZ1 
E.P.A. Officials, Disheartened by Agency’s Direction, Are Leaving in Droves
Under Scott Pruitt, the EPA is slowly turning its back on everything it was set up to protect.
Trump and Pruitt, Making America Polluted Again
#thief #convict #scumbag
Justice would see you tried and incarcerated.
#PruittMustGo
He's a DIRTBAG ....bleeding the tax payers ! 
#PRUITTMUSTGO
We will feel cleaner after you are carted off for malfeasance
If I had the time to review, I'm sure I would find that the majority of these projects are in some way, handing over profitable opportunities for big real estate/oil/gas/chem/coal investors that pay for @EPAScottPruitt's plundering career. #BootPruitt
Progress report item 1: set a new all time EPA record for corruption!
The best thing you can do for the environment is quit your job.
Real Environmental Justice would be seeing you frog marched out of EPA in handcuffs and forced to drink a glass of the pesticide you've forced into vulnerable communities before you are put in a jail cell.
EXACTLY!
Puerto Rico?
Won't fly.  Too many trips, expenses, and protective regulations rolled back
Keep up the good work. Fair is fair and the American people recognize that. The EPA should not be an instrument of government oppression.
“Good work”????? Are you insane???
If you want to help the most vulnerable communities, then make corporations pay for their god damn spills and waste would be a great start!!!! #assholepieceofshit  #resign
#bitchassmotherfucker
Really how about Flint?
You have robbed the Treasury too many times...RESIGN!!!!
Administrator to the Environmental Destruction Agency (EDA)
Is this report even worth reading? With @EPAScottPruitt at the helm I'm thinking no. Probably a lot of over inflated crap in it saying you are doing this or that & in reality things are pretty bad or much worse. How can you even justify your self worth and reason for living?
OMG! BIGGEST LIE YOU'VE TOLD YET!
Did the security detail have their sirens on?

Bullshit - Get out!
Total BS. 
I miss Lisa Jackson, who truly advocated for Environmental Justice, especially to the most vulnerable.
39 senators. That’s the most ever—in all of American history—to formally call for the resignation of a Cabinet-level official.

That’s how bad Scott Pruitt is — for the EPA, for taxpayers, for our…
The American people will cheer the day you leave public office and go back to squeezing, in both hands, the hoards of cash you’ve accumulated. Go lie in your dirty money and leave America better off
Is that #AirPruitt or #PruittAir? How was the Morroco trip, or was it called the #ParisTrip? 
Keep up the great work.  America needs and appreciates you and your family!
Are you insane?????? He’s a MONSTER!!!
The Tribal  lands need clean and safe drinking water.
Quit lying. You're destroying the environment, our air and our water. You're vile @EPAScottPruitt
#Resign #Thief
I cannot wait to sail the river of tears that will flow when everything you have undone is repaired. It will. There are more of us than you.
I mean loosening restrictions on lead paint. Wtf is that. I can’t believe any paint company would even want to go back to it considering no one is going to buy it.
I think you need to update your wardrobe. Lose the suit and tie and replace it with a peg leg, eye patch and a parrot on your shoulder.
Because he might be a butt pirate too?
I didn’t see a mention of Flint’s water. I did see that, regarding % of low income families living in areas meeting National Ambient Air Quality Standards, you are reporting an increase from Bush era to Obama era. What has happened in Trump era?
GET OUT PRUITT
You are corrupt, paranoid, greedy, dishonest, narcissistic and totally unfit to run EPA
You're not draining the SWAMP
You ARE the swamp
#BootPruitt
MAKE AMERICA POLLUTED AGAIN. WAY TO GO SCUM OF THE EARTH SCOTT PRUITT. UNETHICAL THEIF. NEEDS TO BE FIRED AND CONVICTED OF DEFRAUDING THE GOVERNMENT AND CHARGED WITH ACCEPTING BRIBES AND MONEY LAUNDERING.
PAY BACK ALLLL THE MONEY YOU STOLE FROM TAX PAYERS!!
Resign.
Continued commitment? Really?!?! Then what happened to the clean power plan? Or to the paris accords? You are ruining our environment and allowing mass climate change to happen, with the potential to cause mass destruction, disruption and death across the world and its your fault
#BootPruitt #RESIGN
39 senators. That’s the most ever—in all of American history—to formally call for the resignation of a Cabinet-level official.

That’s how bad Scott Pruitt is — for the EPA, for taxpayers, for our…
What a load of crap Pruitt.! Your job is to dismantle and destroy the agency. If you were Pinocchio your nose would be the length of Pennsylvania Avenue with all your lying tweets. @realDonaldTrump @CREWcrew @thehill @KagroX @washingtonpost @nytimes @MSNBC @CNN @WhiteHouse
C O W A R D
T R A I T O R
You care about the environment?
#ScottPruitt's @EPA
You're a disgusting  human specie who keeps denying the importance of #science exposing the truth of endangered human lives in lieu to environmental hazards 
i.e. #watersafety #climatechange #sustainability & other threats due to your #greedoverpeople Shame on you all!
You lying criminal. You’re going to lose your job and then, God willing, your freedom ... where you’ll be occupying a cell next to Slappy in federal prison and you 2 can continue to fuck each other day and night. Vaseline, anyone?
Take the salamander off the endangered species,list.  Farmers cannot farm their land!
Too much projected change, not enough measured change.  Too much money in grants, no enough project oversight.  Too much optimism, not enough realism.  Do you trust the polluters to use your money to clean up the messes they made after the fact?  Give me a break, do it yourself!


While Pruitt was in state govt, NY Times says a lobbyist sold him a home for $100k less than she had paid for. Her telecom employer paid the difference. He then voted to let the employer raise its rates. At EPA he hired her +…
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/05/climate/trump-environment-rules-reversed.html …
I have 2 words for you before you get thrown out for misusing us taxpayer’s money...
FLINT MICHIGAN                      FLINT MICHIGAN                         FLINT MICHIGAN                    A BULLET PROOF PHONE BOOTH WAS PROB A GOOD IDEA IF YOU CAN LIVE IN IT. Burn 
Good Job Scott!!! Keep it up. #maga
I hope you fall down hard.
RESIGN!
Thank you for all that you do.

170 members of Congress have introduced a resolution calling for Scott Pruitt’s resignation. https://www.scribd.com/document/376735298/Resolution-Calling-on-Resignation-of-EPA-Administrator-Scott-Pruitt …
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Grifter
Wow thanks for providing the link to whole report for us to read, well it’s the law, but thank you.  I will certainly read it and not just be a headline guy like many “base” followers of ....well....
Why don't I believe you've done anything positive for these people when their water is contaminated by spilled oil and coal waste that they asked the Department to block. What about Flint, Michigan's water?
He is a disgrace to the agency he is charged with running.
Yes! This was the original intent of the EPA. Keep up the good work.
Just because he FINALLY does something for the environment or pretends to dznt mean hez doing "good work" he's just trying to cover his ass!
Bull crap! The problem is people like you believe that the gov and EPA are meant to control our lives.
I give Pruitt an F-  and thats being generous
He needs a federal prison ID number.
Lol
@EPAScottPruitt everyone hates you!
And how helpful was your new “Cone of Silence” in formulating this report?
I think you meant to write, "I resign.  My resignation takes effect immediately.  I only hope that the American people can find it in their hearts to forgive me for betraying their trust."   See? It's easy.
Your nothing but a lying putrid entrail thats stealing tax payer money! Whaa..turn on the sirens so people at my fancy eatery will know l'm coming so l can make an entrance..becuz my ego's exploded beyond reason.
Your words don't match your actions.  You are also wasting the taxpayers money while you live a lavish lifestyle. #FirePruitt
He's STEALING tax payer money!!
Aren't you tired of robbing us yet!  You need to pay back the money you owe us!


Obama’s China ‘climate’ deal binds America with language of ‘will’ curb emissions now while China only ‘intends’ to curb in 2030. Bad deal!
You’re corrupt and will be fired
