WATCH: EPA chief Scott Pruitt discusses what the agency is doing to protect air and water quality under the Trump administration. 
1) A federal environmental program that distributes grants to test the effects of chemical exposure on adults and children is being shuttered amidst a major organization consolidation at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Woodruff called the decision to merge NCER with
2)  the other offices, which currently do not focus on handling grants, extremely concerning.
1) Trump’s chief of the (EPA), Scott Pruitt, has been hard at work undermining some of our nation’s most important public health safeguards in the guise of “reform.” He’s leveraging the fact that many have obscure sounding names, hoping the public won’t notice that he’s stripping
2)  away safeguards at a time when the science on air pollution and health signals the need to strengthen protections for our families and communities.
1) The global assessment of 200 scientific studies by the International Task Force on Systemic Pesticides found that use of neonicotinoids over the past two decades has inflicted serious damage to birds, pollinators and other insects without generally increasing yields.
2) “This study should be the final nail in the coffin for these dangerous pesticides here in the U.S.,” said Lori Ann Burd, director of the Center for Biological Diversity’s environmental health program. “It’s mindboggling that while much of Europe and Canada are limiting the
3) use of these poisons, the U.S. EPA is considering expanding their use across millions of acres.”
@EPA refuses to divulge details about the secrecy of administrator's travels, meetings and policy decisions. EPA has experienced a huge surge in open records lawsuits since @realDonaldTrump took office.
When are the chemtrails going to stop? They are crimes against humanity
Pruitt is in bed with the oil industry and other polluters. Enemy of the environment.
What about those of us that don't believe everything the bible says, how are you speaking for us, my religion honors this Earth, it doesn't exploit it until it's dead!
Why isn't there a button to click on for your post?
Can you clarify what "real results" are? Can you specify a real result in contrast to an imaginary result? Is clean air imaginary or real? How about clean water?
Where is his scriptural evidence? He spouts off, and people just accept it as truth. God will bring to ruin those ruining the earth. That is in the Bible. Rev11:18.
This is...surreal. @EPAScottPruitt retweets a video clip from his #CPAC2018 interview in which he is asked what he is doing specifically to protect air & water quality for Americans. 

He identified nothing. He couldn’t think of ONE thing. 

Now he is retweeting that humiliation.
Frightening.

The Great Lakes contain 20% of the world's freshwater, have 10,000 miles of coast, and supply water to 40 million people.…
No, you're about big corporations and polluting our air, water and killing the environment. You're a disgrace, resign.
A bag of caca
Scott Pruitt tells CBN that God told him to roll back environmental regulations.
1) In October, when @EPAScottPruitt announced a controversial new “conflict of interest” policy barring researchers who receive EPA grants from serving on the agency’s science advisory boards, he quoted the Book of Joshua: “Choose this day whom you’re going to serve.”
2) Pruitt comes from a conservative brand of Christianity that interprets the Bible as sanctioning human exploitation of oil, gas, and coal, which are seen as gifts from God for man’s benefit.
go stay in your safe room and never come out
You need to resign. You are destroying the environment and wasting taxpayer money at the same time. Fly coach back home on your own dime after your resignation.
Don’t you have grandchildren? You ought to be ashamed.
So great to have a godly Steward of God's earth  who  and worships the Creator &  God's creation instead of worshipping the creation!
Far be it for me to call you a liar on that one.

Just wanted to give you a big virtual high five for being cool with...you know, poisoning my kids. Just want to know why studying the effects of chemicals on kids isn’t important to you.
Cooperations are not people. Humans are people and we have to drink the water eat the food and breath the air. Get results for HUMANS!
You're a liar
hEY sCOTT! - YOU GOT A LITTLE SOMETHING ON YOUR NOSE!!

Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt dismissed evolution as an unproven theory, lamented that “minority religions” were pushing Christianity out of “the public square”.
Unearthed audio: of Pruitt
Has no problem fleecing America.
Corrupted 2 the max.
Environmentally, we will be just like China before we know it!
"Real results for the American people."  
What does trump semen taste like? @gop @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @TeamTrump
Enquiring minds want to know!!!
"God will bring to ruin, those ruining the earth", Rev.11:18. You might want to think about that.
What are the real results? Your job is not to build economy , it is to protect environment. You have done nothing but deny what is happening, ignoring science and promoting your own agenda. You need to go. Soon enough...
You are a horrible liar and are only hurting the environment in many ways.  Everything you are undoing will be put back as it should be when competent, uncorrupt leadership is restored.  #Resist
name one...seriously, one.
what “leadership”?

#TrumpCrimeFamily doesn’t lead they steal.
Did you mean corporations & industry when you said people?
LOLOLOLOLOL liar
Did @NBCNews ask you about:
ties w polluting industries
18 member security team
25 million $ phone booth
federal $ 4 private travel
anti-lobbying violations
personal email 4 fed biz
firing @EPA scientists
spying on employees
corrupt cronyism
Morocco?
#PollutingPruitt
#FirePruitt
The temperature broke another record here in Southwest Florida February all month 90° yay. Highest carbon level ever recorded in the atmosphere since prehistoric times yay. Thanks for protecting our best interest our grandkids will thank us

Reckless, greedy, evil @EPAScottPruitt
Under your "leadership", the USEPA is stalemated and starving, while your cronies rampage our lands and waters! And you spend hundreds of thousands of government money on yourself!  Resign NOW!!!!!!!!!

The EPA is appearing to mask its decision making process and operating in secrecy for important decisions. We’re suing the EPA and Scott Pruitt for failing to follow the Federal Records Act.
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/22/epa-and-scott-pruitt-sued-over-federal-records-laws.html …
Revelation 11:18 "The nations were angry; and your wrath has come. The time has come for judging the dead, and for rewarding your servants the prophets and your saints and those who reverence your name, both small and great — and for destroying those who destroy the earth."
Jeremiah 2:7 "I brought you into a fertile land to eat its fruit and rich produce. But you came and defiled my land and made my inheritance detestable."
Leviticus 25:23-24 "The land must not be sold permanently, because the land is mine and you are but aliens and my tenants. Throughout the country that you hold as a possession, you must provide for the redemption of the land."
Genesis 2:15 “The Lord God took the man and put him in the Garden of Eden to work it and keep it.”
With your superior leadership and vision will we will soon be able to openly deficate in the streets? There are too many regulations in the bathrooms today.
How about a big old glass of Flint Michigan water for you since you care so much about the environment. You are to the environment as trump is to intelligence.
And ruining our environment
I guess this means you’ll be backing the cultivation and use of cannabis? “The biblical world view with respect to these issues is that we have a responsibility to manage and cultivate, harvest the natural resources that we’ve been blessed with to truly bless our fellow mankind”
Pruitt... scroll down & READ what people are saying about YOU. WE are not fooled by your foolish words!!!
That's the biggest BS I've heard in a while!

Yeah, real results to poison our water and air and destroy our national parks. Special place in hell for people like you.
Please take calif tiger salamander off the endangered species list.  Farmers are restricted from planting.  These eat the endangered red legged frogs.  Farmers cannot plant on their own land.  Thx
Appalling and terrifying results. Stripping protections that keep our water clean and ourclimate livable in pursuit of corporate profits. We are not impressed.
And the man in charge of our #environment is one of them 
And by ‘people’, Scotty of course means polluters, and by ‘results’ he means carte blanche  to do whatever they want. Scotty is a disgrace.
I’ve achieved comfort on my flights in first class!
Nothing. His policies are a big nothing burger for the environment and a bonus for corporations profit margin (BTW that profit rarely trickles down)
Pruitt is helping poison the planet and is guilty of crimes against humanity.
You mean real profits for fossil fuel companies at the expense of the American people. You’re nothing more that a corporate shill.
Please stop sucking up to your boss so much. Making statements that he leading on environmental issues is not convincing
Dismantling the EPA does not count as an accomplishment.
And yet more corruption from Scott.  Demand he step down before he does more damage.
BREAKING: Just released documents show Trump's EPA chief Scott Pruitt spending massive amounts of taxpayer money on luxury travel.

Take action now to demand that Pruitt return the money
Destroying Americas resources, air and water. Supporting fossil fuels.
Scott you need to step down immediately we have a separation of church and state in America. Your a polluted corrupted secretary.

Donald Trump's EPA chief, Scott Pruitt, believes he has a justification for his far-right approach to environmental policy:

The Bible.
You are f*ing up our environment.  Travel coach.
You avoided the question and deflected to Obama didn't fix it.
This admin is a horror 4 #environmentalprotection. We see what u r doing & we don’t want fossilfuel industry 2 spoil our critical resources enabled by you. Grassroots will fight u tooth & nail.
How come you have taken all the peer reviewed scientific papers that conclude man is causing global warming off the epa’s website? True sign of an absolute coward. Remove any facts that disagree with your lies cast as doubts. You absolutely disgust me.
If you were sincere about protecting the environment, you should shut trump up. All that hot air and lies he emits must be contributing to global warming
Here is the cliff notes version- absolutely fucking nothing
You know, Scott, I am sure the people in first class hate you too:)
Does it ever worry you how your role will be viewed in US history? #darkage
Pruitt I heard a lot of words but you didn’t say anything. #corrupt #industry #puppett
Lies, lies, lies. You are destroying the EPA & doing everything possible to deregulate the country. Time for you to go.
Many of your efforts are doing the exact opposite of EPA’s mission to protect human health and the environment.
Nothing.  Rolling back previous regulations and green lighting previously banned chemicals don’t really make the water safer. 
Gutting every regulation in America, which Trump is on a crusade to do, won’t make bad actors like the Koch Bros. play by the rules to keep our air and water clean. It sounds like more Conservative lies and rhetoric that will produce no good thing, which is the GOP track record.


Yeah, really bad results. Resign.









#environmentalism is a #Christian ideal





HYPOCRITICAL PIECE OF SH^IT!
http://mashable.com/2017/11/08/scott-pruitt-epa-ignores-federal-climate-report/ …
http://go.politicoemail.com/?qs=034bbb1abb33e1b4ed8723cfdd62affa4dc6c362e72a2805afdcdf41876f109a289045aa5bc778f601092e440bfd0688 …






QUIET PIECE OF SH^IT WEASEL!
So how about actually protecting public health and environment?
Scumbag of the century, worse than Trump even. My only question is whether he is really that self absorbed and arrogant that he actually believes he is helping the envinronment.
Say, when oil rights are granted, how much of their product is diverted towards American markets only?
Dear Sec'y Pruitt,
I have prayed for you to make good decisions for us. I pray now for you to realize the shortfall in your interpretation. Though we can harvest, we are foremost called to be Stewards. The Administration's focus on fossil fuels is anathema to God's desires.
Hahahahaha, you moron.

If real results mean killing people.....
You are a corrupt crook who is selling out the American people to benefit yourself and polluters
Dear @EPAScottPruitt:  Unlike the suburbs, I observe the manner in which construction is performed in Black/Latino neighborhoods.  Residents are not protected from flying dirt, construction dust, emissions from trucks, burning coal, tar, etc.
Dear @EPAScottPruitt
Tell that to Newark, whose Passaic River is FINALLY getting cleaned of byproducts of Agent Orange that polluted entire communities. #EPA https://twitter.com/Heritage/status/832670404875522048 …
EPA now stands for “Executing Pruitt Agenda” “Enabling Pruitt Advancement” Ending Public Access” “Excessive Pruitt Airfares”  “Exceedingly Polluted Air” “Ensuring Pesticide Access” “Exceedingly Putrid Aquifers”.  We have only one environment and Pruitt is the wrong steward.

Hey asshole if you cant handle the publics criticism when you fly in coach/economy then fkn RESIGN! Why should the taxpayers pay for your exorbitant travel expenses because you dont want to hear about the horrible job your doing from fellow travelers? #FireScottPruitt
Results like selling public land.  POS
#GOPlies
Why do you even bother tweeting. Read your comments, everyone recognizes you for the fake you are.
#FakeNews
Disclaimer: Results include emphysema, lung cancer, reduced birth-weight, & other pollution-related ailments. #MAGA means #graft! graft! graft! So, suck it up, chumps! 

P.S. Avoid flying first class. I don't want to see you, hear you, or smell you.

#PollutingPruitt
Um, or not.  You know we can read, right?
Renewable energy like wind and solar contributes a lot to clean environment.
Real results like u abusing our tax dollars for private & first class travel, soundproof phones, private security, and your senate campaign
EPA stands for Environmental PROTECTION Agency - not Everyone rape and Pillage our Mother Earth. Plus you are supposed to be running @EPA not @POTUS  do your job stop traveling wasting $$$
The EPA Administrator should just shut up and pack up and leave. Must be ashamed to claim real results. Does he/She knows what real results are? What a Shame to boast of a horrible result like this.
Scott Pruitt you and Donald Trump are the very antithesis of leadership. Letting big polluters get away with polluting the planet, polluting people's air and water, the damage that you're causing really needs to have consequences on you.
Why are the farmers around my lake allowed to put any pesticides they want on their land?  It’s leaching into my lake and making it unusable.  Algae blooms are killing my lake.  I’ll wait for your answer
Hey genius, you never answered the question.

Do you still think that climate change is a good thing? Can you explain how coal can be clean?
Yes, real result of pollution and deregulation for the Corporations while the poor bears the brunch. You will be paid by your coin as God looketh.
You didn’t say anything! You bashed Obama for a minute the. You talked about how you were going to install a 5 year plan. Then you kissed trumps ass. You didn’t explain anything about what you were going to do.
Translation: Allow corporations you are associated with to pilfer and pollute our environment for profits a majority of Americans will never see.
Yeah,real results. Not good results,just real. We’re all living and breathing your real results.
@EPAScottPruitt will set “goals”, never enforce them, sell of the environment to his industry buddies then declare victory and resign to run for Jim Inhofes Senate seat once that twit retires. Pruitt cares about one thing: himself and his future political career.
Yes sir we are polluting the world faster than we were two years ago
I assume you mean clean air, clean water, and National and Federal parks and Wilderness areas that are available to the American People. It is part of our heritage, to see the land and obstacles that our ancestor traversed.
I’m so happy that someone is finally looking out for the little guy; thank you Administrator Pruitt!  ...And by little guy, I mean multinational corporations that donate Republican.
Real results:
Increased mass shooting deaths
Toxic #WOTUS 
Increased black lung rates
Increased air pollution
Endless lies & propaganda
Swampified Washington
#corruption 
Failure to impose #RussiaSanctions 
Weakened election security
Sycophantic administrators
#Fascism
#Idiocracy
Spoken like a true politician. Double speak, half-truths, and feigning concern.

And how about those $$$$$$ first class flights?
Oh, well that's so he won't get harassed by the riffraff like us. You know, the ones who are offended by trashing the environment. I just hope the fancy people in first class also give him hell.
This song was recorded 3 years before your agency was founded. You have a duty to this country. Act like it.
God bless the tweeter's of Tom Leher.
Lol. #ClimateChangeIsReal
Wow. Is this a world record? So much crap in so little time. Trumptard snowflake, ur f-ing up the environment. 
If by "real people" you mean the energy companies that are buying you off, along with your long time allies, the Kochs. Damn your family must be ashamed.
The whole country should be ashamed. Pruitt's mission for Trump is to disarm regulations that protect the environment when those regulations stand in the way of profit. Who needs a healthy planet when you have a billion dollars?
Which results?
Your preferred "results" are about trashing regulations that PROTECT the ENVIRONMENT (you know, that's the job) so that nothing stands in the way of profit. You are the worst of the worst among Trump's foxes guarding their respective henhouses.
Total bullshit.
Did I miss the part where you described any specific initiative by name?

All I heard was “set goals.” Without stating what those goals are, this clip is meaningless.
Is it # AirPruitt or #PruittAir? 
Uhhhhhh your answer was nothing. You are doing nothing.

Hope you go to prison too
You should immediately resign.
