The core mission is to clean up the environment and keep it that way. You’re doing the opposite!


Judge agrees with AG Ferguson that EPA violated the Clean Air Act by delaying air quality standards for ground-level ozone pollution – another successful outcome in a case that has not yet resolved. Ruling: http://agportal-s3bucket.s3.amazonaws.com/uploadedfiles/Another/News/Press_Releases/2018%2003%2012%20Order%20Granting%20Summary%20Judgment.pdf … Case background: …
Very misleading to people and communities who will be at the ugly end of the elimination of necessary environmental regulations.  Letting corporations pollute, contaminate, and poison with impunity, that’s not progress.
I could actually go on for days, but I am pretty sure you get the point. Whatever, bubble you live in, is going to pop. Hopefully, you are far enough away from those that you love to not hurt them.
The "core mission" is protecting the environment, which you don't do
Can you please define progress from your perspective? Besides pushing another man’s agenda? As the temperature averages rise to a new record high this year- How do you sleep at night knowing for a fact that your proposals aren’t going to screw over YOUR & OUR children’s future?
Seems to me that you people couldn’t give a shit about anyone’s children, even your own. All about that profit, right?
@EPAScottPruitt @POTUS ; I truly Hope So !!  As me & my family mbrs has been faced with 3 EPA Superfunds:
Libby Montana 
Navajo Nation
STL : West Lake Landfill & Cold Water Creek.
#Accountability #Transparancy
#TSCA #CleanAirAct #CAA
Restoring power to the states unless you are California, right?

You're taking the US back to this. http://fortune.com/2017/02/28/how-the-united-states-looked-before-the-epa/ …

Fire #PollutingPruitt for:
ties w polluting industries
18 member security team
25 million $ phone booth
federal $ 4 private travel
anti-lobbying violations
personal email 4 fed biz
firing @EPA scientists
spying on employees
corrupt cronyism
Morocco
Dow
AND MUCH MORE
#FirePruitt
lol!  @EPAScottPruitt , you are a shamelessly corrupt fool selling out our country to polluters for your own gain.  we see through your nonsense and will never stop fighting for clean air and water.




Liars ... What about Puerto Rico?
https://www.newsday.com/amp/news/nation/epa-chief-may-forego-1st-class-flights-amid-growing-scrutiny-1.17020722 …

I guess I should say what these links are, they are news articles where you have failed the USA and our planet. You work for the American people and the constitution.
https://amp.usatoday.com/story/98409448/ 
Environmental Protection is your agency’s mission, not protecting greedy oil and gas companies.  I don’t know how you sleep given the damage you are allowing to happen.
The truth you hide:
I hope you choke on some fresh fracking water
WTF? The EPA's "core mission" was NOT to "restore power to the states blah blah blah." You're full of sh*t Scotty. You've turned the EPA into the EDA - Environmental Deregulation Agency. You approve toxic air, land, and water.
The core mission is in the name: Environmental Protection. You have failed repeatedly in that, ignoring good science, and have seceded power not to states or The People, but to polluting industry. You are detrimental to life on this planet.

We're not impressed.
You included a comment from Inhofe? He's an even bigger joke in the environmental field than you are! 
You’re bent on destroying the agency and the environment. You want to poison our air and water. And your entire agency is corrupt. People should not be allowed to have outside jobs while working for the EPA. You should be fired.
You’re the worst thing that’s ever happened to the EPA. You need to resign for the sake of our environment.

Need to reverse stand on climate change.  Why is it above freezing in middle of winter in the northern cold areas?
You are disgusting and an obvious servant to SATAN.
Who else would you worship while destroying the earth that God gave us?
F*ck these jive turkeys 
Corruption on a truly historic scale. Quite the accomplishment
Here's a 2nd thread examining the Trump EPA's recent cringeworthy report on EPA's (non)accomplishments. 

This thread focuses on the EPA report's incredible & gaudy exercise in Scott Pruitt worship.
Here's a 2nd thread examining the Trump EPA's recent cringeworthy report on EPA's (non)accomplishments. My 1st thread focused on clean air & health rollbacks. https://twitter.com/jwalkenrdc/status/970769849562619905 ……
Here's a short thread examining the claims by the Trump EPA & @EPAAScottPruitt of "tremendous progress" & all they have accomplished. It's even uglier than you might imagine.
Here's a short thread examining the claims by the Trump EPA & @EPAAScottPruitt of "tremendous progress" & all they have accomplished. 

It's even uglier than you might imagine. https://twitter.com/EPAScottPruitt/status/970747588872949762 …
Yup, and their hollow monetary justifications are debunked here, which they keep hush hush: Spread the news!
Water and air don’t respect borders. A federal response is necessary. Restoring power to the states is code for letting big businesses manipulate the system by gaming local governments.
History will remember the slash & burn, water polluting, children poisoning Republican Party as an era of open robber barons.  Your name will be remembered as a curse by future generations.

You are an absolute disgrace as a person, and you're not fooling anyone.  We know that it is your-- and this administration's-- sole mission to destroy the EPA from the inside/out.  I truly can't believe that we are wasting our tax dollars to pay your salary.  You are horrible.
Biggest pack of lies I have heard for a very long time. Why do you continue working for an agency which you hate and revile? Ahh ... the salary of course and all the freebies/perks.
Please don't allow big companies to dictate your policy
You’re unfit for your job, corrupt and belong in environmental and federal prison. #nosoul #noconscience #greed #travesty #Helliswaiting 
Can your company's now pollute without fines or being responsible for containment and clean up? 

Just pass that buck to the tax payer
Just keep pretending science isn't real. See you on #dirtymoney
The point of a federal EPA is so there's no environmental polluter safe havens in states without the proper EP laws or means to enforce the law. 

Tired of joke entities in our government, wasting our time and our fucking money.
There is no progress in corruption. 

Scott Pruitt, flying high on the taxpayer’s dime
The only thing you have done is pollute our planet for money. You are greedy!  No respect for you
LOAD OF BS. YOUR EPA reversed Obama's protections for our planet, censored EPA's website to lie about climate change, allowed your pals to pollute w/o retribution, stopped ban of chemicals to allow poisoning of people & wildlife,etc, YOU & trump should resign bf you kill us all
Look at the charts and numbers of the amount of pollution we are releasing, the amount of oil leaks from your wonderful pipelines
Pruitt, can we hold you personally responsible when our children are dying because you’re letting coal dust go anywhere? Can my husband sue you when I die from the pollution in the air? What about the water killing the fish & birds.
Does anyone in this administration ever say something that isn't a blatant lie?!
What are you doing about coal ash ponds
You are f*ing up our environment. Privitizing our national parks for raping their resources is NOT what we want.  Only your corporate backers want that. True environmental patriot is @dechristopher
Thats why you cant fly coach.
I didnt realize the core mission of the EPA was to NOT PROTECT the environment.....
Know-nothing administrator of EPA:

Evolution happens
You should absolutely be ashamed of yourself, Mr Pruitt. What you are doing is lasting damage to our environment. I firmly oppose your mission directive given by the President and I call on you to do what’s right for us, not what benefits corporations.
You’re doing a great job Mr Pruitt 
Congrats  to #PollutingPruitt on being voted the worst cabinet member in the Trump Administration! A real feat given the extreme competition he faced for the award.
I've met smarter dogs.
Pruitt is radically superstitious:
when you're as stupid as him, you need a simplified world view.

CORRECTION: In just  year Scott Pruitt turned the EPA’s mission on its head:
Stalling toxic chemical bans.
Deleting climate science.
…
Your blanket waiver to bypass coach class when you fly reeks of abuse of privilege. Not only are you bad at your job, but you're also a crook.
You've done nothing but eliminate regulations meant to protect the environment and human health.
Since when was this the @EPA core mission rather than ENVIRONMENTAL  PROTECTION? You are a disgrace- flying around first class or huddled in your expensive glass box all ways to hide from the people whose health you are failing to protect. SHAME.
... 
The current dismantling of US govt is not a bumbling mistake; it is the goal of Christian fundamentalist terrorists and has been for 30+ yrs https://twitter.com/orinkerr/status/891792471998570496 …
I’m gonna tell you this in person if I ever see you in an airport: bite me
#PollutingPruitt
#SpinelessGOP
#Dolt45
By endangering public health and discrediting science?
Quit with the self congratulatory nonsense. Your agency is sitting by while the air, water and soil is being sprayed with toxic chemicals 24/7. #GeoEngineering #Chemtrails @TrishaDishes @realDonaldTrump
@FLOTUS @ImperatorTruth @Masschemtrails @Chucksteak45th @OpChemtrails
And also posining people with GMO, fluoride and additives!
I wish I could give you the benefit of the doubt that you're lying for Trump, but you're just a despicable human and you do this for money


You’ve lost in court a lot.

The EPA is “more transparent” lol
Not sure how this man can go to sleep at night. Awful human being. You're no Oklahoman. I wipe my hands.
Gee, and here I thought the EPA's mission was to protect human health and the environment.  Silly me.
Pissant little man with zero understanding of even the most concepts of environmental stewardship. Typical Trump appointee. All they know is how to please their Emperor by tearing things apart with childish little grins on their faces.
Simple question - how much envionmental and health damage was incurred for that "$1B in savings"? Genius businesspeople at work.
Bullshit
CORRECTION: In just  year Scott Pruitt turned the @EPA’s mission on its head; stalling toxic chemical bans, deleting climate science, attacking air and water safeguards, and eliminating funding to study toxic chemicals poisoning children. #FirePruitt
In just his first 6 months, Scott Pruitt spent over $100K of taxpayer's money on flights including:
$5,719 on one flight in Colorado
$14,434 on one day of flying in Oklahoma 
$36,068 on a military jet from Ohio to NYC 
#FirePruitt: http://on.nrdc.org/stopscottpruitt 
Yes. The #smurfs have been on a real roller coaster ride lately, you’ve done your best to terrorize and make their lives as close to a living hell as you could, Gargamel.  Thats odvious. Though youll not ruin them, they are smarter than you give them credit. They will persevere.
First two points on the EPA core mission-
1. Americans have clean air, land and water;
2. National efforts to reduce environmental risks are based on the best available scientific information;
-You are pushing coal, not pushing coal companies to stop pollution and
you refuse to use scientific data to analyze Global Temperature Change.  So failing on the first point of your mission and flat out refusing to follow the second point.  In @realDonaldTrump  speak, "You're Fired!"

Indictment.

Impending.

Every one of your dishonest acts will be called to count Scott.

Just a list of cheap lies won't stop it.
I dont know why we cant trust you? Ha ya! Your past as puppet of gaz industry. 22 deregulatory by #PublicEnemyNo2 that sound bad for me, very bad.
wow, the words "clean" or "environment" did not appear in your statement.  Fascinating.
In 1 year you’ve spent more on first-class travel and private security and sound proofing than any other admin ever.   
I see you've leveraged your core competencies to grab the bull by the horns going forward.

It's criminal that you're leaving your kids and grandkids (and mine) a dirtier planet than when you started.
#ImpeachPruitt
This guy Pruitt will single-handedly wreck our environment is one of Trump's many evil minions. A little small with no morals who's sold his soul to the BLOTUS.
In just one year you have done more damage to the environment than has occurred in the past 100 years.  I don’t know how you sleep at night knowing that you are willing to give our children and grandchildren a legacy of toxic water, land, and air.
What is truly sad, is that you and your supporters just don’t get it. A small percentage of people (and a large percentage of donors money) got you here. It’ll take time, but all you have done will be undone.
You mean destroying the environment.
Reducing the EPA makes sense. Exiting Paris climate agreement makes sense. @RupertDarwall wrote an outstanding history of the global warming movement that should be must reading for all environmentalists who've outsourced their beliefs to authoritarian organizations.
The core mission of the EPA is to make sure our air, water, and land is as clean and safe as possible. Tell me how you will do that if you think Jesus wants to you strip-mine for coal.
https://twitter.com/arseniomataka/status/970745904494882816 …
Save your spin shill.
Your legacy will be an uptick in cancers and having to spend extra taxpayer money later on to cleanup the damage your corporate chem & petro cronies leave on our shared environment;
and all just to give them more profits in the short-term.
#despicable
You're a shitshow Scott. You too, Donald.
If by progress you mean pollution, you certainly have.
You're accomplished exactly what was on the president's agenda. Good for you. It's just sad that you really did more harm to the country than good. We need people who care about the environment working at the EPA. Not Oklahoma attorney generals in bed with oil.
You will be condemned in the history books for what you've done.
All you’ve accomplished is damaging our planet. The EPA is now doing exactly the opposite of what it is supposed to do. My five year old is a better steward of the environment.
I don't doubt that for a second.
And I'll add your five year old would make a better president.
You are a temporary setback in the history of @EPA , nothing more.  #environment
Weak, weak leadership. Passing power to the states in this case is saying "we'll look the other way if you want to pollute/damage the environment." Greed and power seems to be driving these decisions. Sad.
The environment doesn’t really work with federalism since clean air and water sort of crosses state borders you moron. You’re a disgrace.
What EPA? It's gone with Pruitt at the helm and Trump in office. Let's pretend like there is no global warming. Let's throw our garbage out the car window on the freeway. Scott Pruitt, go away
So, it was Obama’s EPA that refused to allow me to throw trash out my car window?  I bet you’re  the smart one in the crowd you hang with.
Destroying the environment should be the title of this text#liar
you're supposed to PROTECT the environment Scott, not destroy it to enrich yourself and your cronies. #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
#StopSatanicCult #StopChildTrafficking #StopCults #obamagate #ObamagateSpyingScandal #GreatAwakening #MAGA #WeThePeople #Treason #NoCollusion #LegacyMedia #13Russians #AmericanPatriots #BOOM #UnitedWeStand #MKUltra #Qanon
#InternetBillOfRights @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #Oscars
Shill
You're a total sham, Scott. The EPA couldn't be any furthest from its core mission. You will not succeed for long. 
I look forward to the #NeverAgainMovement kids' generation undoing all of Scott's Spuitt's legacy, and doubling up on EPA's core mission.  So in some way, Scott might be good for the environment. @350Columbia
Making America dirty again!!!
The EPA's core mission should be protecting the environment. Do you think the public gives a damn about the EPA "restoring power to the states" so you can help out your big oil friends?

You're a liar and a criminal. If there's justice in this world you'll be behind bars one day.
When your time is up @EPAScottPruitt  America is going to claim #MeToo
Hows flying coach working out? Hahahah! #FuckScottPruitt
restoring the EPA to its core mission would mean instituting environmental regulations regardless of their effects on businesses, so
…don’t forget censoring science and removing protections for Americans!
Here's what the EPA's website looks like after a year of climate change censorship http://ti.me/2t8uJTw 
You're destroying the environment for profit. The OPPOSITE of the departments mission. Is it only the Kochs that pay you, or you have others on the hook? Lawyer up, pal.
Fantastic work #ScottPruitt of wiping out the Kenyan's pernicious, destructive and superfluous policies. We're doing it right this time with the adults in power.
You’ve denied science.  You’ve empowered polluters. That’s never been EPA’s mission.
idiots
Putin’s agenda #trumprussia
This song was recorded 3 years before your agency was founded. You have a duty to this country. Act like it.
Love it , before EPA and soon to be returning
Thank you so much Scott!
