I'm really curious why you deleted this tweet, Scott. Could it be that some of the friars in the photo don't want to be seen with you??? Don't worry I took a screenshot.


Pope Francis also denied hell. So there’s that.
Dude your in a child's high chair in the photo to the right!  Is that Mike Flynn hiding under the table in that same photo?
I sent them some reading material, they are preparing to do some research...
How have you not resigned yet.  You owe us American tax payers every last cent you spent frivolously + interest.  Shame on you.
Eat lead pipe
How many bodyguards did you need?

Whatever dude.
Your corruption has crossed over into you being a laughingstock
This sounds pretty hypocritical. First remove all the protections put in place to avoid all this and then go in for the pr and be the "good guy". This is not how proper stewardship works.
Don’t worry, when you get fired NOBODY wants you back in Oklahoma.
Why did you spend $40k in Morocco and why is your schedule blacked out. High end hotels in Paris for 2 days. You are so corrupt and you continue to embezzle $$ from US taxpayer.
Strange that you have relaxed rules to put coal into water and haven’t gone to Flint
Pruitt...the worst thing that ever happened to the environment. Not to mention his planet sized ego. No bigger delta bravo - tied with Zinke.
You ought to be made to exclusively drink Flint Michigans water, you horrible thing.

Dear @EPAScottPruitt: Since you waste taxpayer dollars on first class travel for you & your staff, you don't know what you are missing out on. I flew @SouthwestAir today & got two Belvita cranberry orange biscuits. They're…
why wont this dirtbag criminal resign??
39 senators. That’s the most ever—in all of American history—to formally call for the resignation of a Cabinet-level official.

That’s how bad Scott Pruitt is — for the EPA, for taxpayers, for our…
Just another day at the  Enjoying Privileges Agency.
How do you have the audacity to call yourself a “Christian”???

Couldn’t you do that from D. C.? Stop traveling. #Google Carbon Footprint.
no one cares. we want you gone. bye now.
Pruitt is a disgusting criminal.
#BootPruitt
39 senators. That’s the most ever—in all of American history—to formally call for the resignation of a Cabinet-level official.

That’s how bad Scott Pruitt is — for the EPA, for taxpayers, for our…
And how much of OUR money did you spend? You could care less since you're the one who deregulated lead bullets that were banned until you slithered in
.@EPAScottPruitt you better pay back every freaking penny. In the mean time #PuertoRico has no clean water & no electricity.  #FireScottPruitt now & arrest him for misappropriation of Gov spending.  
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-pruitt-exclusive/exclusive-epa-chiefs-aides-security-agents-made-45000-trip-to-australia-idUSKBN1HQ2U7 …
Does this excuse all the other damage you've done to the environment.  You are a poor excuse for an EPA administrator.  PS:  EPA = ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY, not environmental destruction agency.
RESIGN!

While Pruitt was in state govt, NY Times says a lobbyist sold him a home for $100k less than she had paid for. Her telecom employer paid the difference. He then voted to let the employer raise its rates. At EPA he hired her +…
Pruitt - RESIGN and get the hell out. Not only do you lack technical competence to run the E PA but You're a shill for the oil industry. Anyone that sued the E PA 14 times is the kind of a-hole that should not be running it. Get out!


Chlorpyrifos hurts the brain and lowers IQ, especially in kids, who also experience tremors due to the chemical. It's been linked to everything from cancer to Parkinson's. A study found the chemical in 87% of umbilical cord blood. Trump reversed its ban. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/28/opinion/sunday/chlorpyrifos-dow-environmental-protection-agency.html …
To bad you have to clean up after corrupt governor Pence.
#BootPruitt

Trump’s EPA moves to dismantle programs that protect kids from lead paint - The Washington Post
Scott Pruitt used an obscure provision of the Safe Drinking Water Act to circumvent ethics requirements and hire a long-time lobbyist for the chemical industry as the deputy head of the EPA’s Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention. #BootPruitt
EPA: Possible water chief 'a lawyer's lawyer' who's sued agency -- http://www.eenews.net  http://bit.ly/2hksFSn 
#BootPruitt
Trump Proposes End to Federal Lead Reduction Program – Mother Jones
You've probably never heard of WOTUS but it could have serious drinking water implications |
Pruitt gives himself total authority over water safety protections http://hill.cm/l8MZp2Y 
EPA seeks to scrap rule protecting drinking water for third of Americans | Environment | The Guardian
EPA's Latest Water Attack: Protecting Polluting Power Plants | NRDC
RESIGN.
Whoa, whoa, whoa let’s not be hasty Scott. I mean lead is a naturally occurring metal. It may or may not be poisonous. You should real put together a team to debate the science before making any rash decisions.
What about Flint Michigan
#IndictPruitt4GoodCausesShown EPA FELON Scott Pruitt now being investigated by the @HouseDemocrats @SenateDemocrats @WH @OMB @GAO @EPA#InspectorGeneral https://boingboing.net/2018/04/19/epa-head-scott-pruitt-is-being.html … … #CountThePruittFeloniesInOffice #ConvictIncarceratePruit
Why wasn't the press informed or invited to this? These are not photos from a press conference but is government-sanctioned public relations.
You were in Whiting. The most heinous environmental crime is in East Chicago IN, approximately 15 minutes from Whiting.  Too delicate to go there?
Environmental Pollution Agency.
You’re a scammer.
#BootPruitt
Investigating you: House of Rep, Senate, White House, OMB, Government Accountability Office, & EPA Inspector General #Resign
Scandals include but are not limited to installing the privacy booth($43,000!!!), purging the EPA advisory board, lavish raises to staff using a loophole, evading FOIA requests, special deal on your condo rent, spending on your security detail, and your travel arrangements.
Could have sworn you think lead is safe, judging by your inaction in Flint. Resign now, criminal
Breaking news Scott will be leaving the EPA soon to run a Roy Moore Daycare center in Ohio.  Scott is that the one in Youngstown!  Proud of you little buddy!
Come on now we know Scott isn’t going to part with funds that help pay for him and his families travels
You are one of the shadiest swamp people
And you haven’t resigned yet WHY?
The American people will cheer the day you leave public office and go back to squeezing, in both hands, the hoards of cash you’ve accumulated. Go lie in your dirty money and leave America better off
Interesting that Indiana needs clean up. The market obviously doesn't act responsibly unless regulated to do so. Do your job and protect us against polluters, it works better than your clean up.
SCREW YOU! Give me my money back!
Why don't you get your ass into Flint where people are literally dying from bad water? Why don't you make  Snyder take some action there?
We, the American taxpayers are NOT your personal piggy bank! ...and our childrens  clean air and water IS NOT for sale. It's time for you to step down!
Yet another EPA Inspector General investigation of Scott Pruitt has now been kicked off:  "Use of EPA Security Detail on Personal Travel" to places like Disneyland, the Rose Bowl, and college basketball games 
Why didn’t you stop in and visit the hard working folks who work at the @EPA in the Chicago area, Scotty? Too embarrassed to be seen? #coward
You suck.

170 members of Congress have introduced a resolution calling for Scott Pruitt’s resignation. https://www.scribd.com/document/376735298/Resolution-Calling-on-Resignation-of-EPA-Administrator-Scott-Pruitt …
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Insane that you would think ANYONE with a brain in their head, would believe that you are doing ANYTHING for the environment without something in it for you or your donors. So who are these in your "partnership?"
https://beyer.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=826 …
You're under investigation by the General Accountability Office, House Oversight Committee, House Energy and Commerce Committee, Senate Environment & Public Works Committee, White House, Office of Management and Budget, EPA Office of the Inspector General
T R A I T O R
RESIGN, VENAL PIGLET.
Time to resign Scott. https://www.vox.com/2018/4/11/17215416/scott-pruitts-ethics-corruption-epa … #FirePruitt #CabinetofCorruption
It's hard to decontaminate a site when you are the contaminator. #RESIGN
RESIGN
Did you fly first class and limo in?
How big is your security detail on today's trip?
Did you drink any East Chicago water when you were here?  Didn't think so.
#BootPruitt #TrumpCrimeCabinet
Why don’t you check out #Flint Michigan
Where the hell were you over a year ago? Lead in their water has been a problem for a long while, but you were probably signing a few orders to repeal clean air, water, and soil standards.  Or perhaps touting “Clean Coal”
#FirePruitt #VoteWithVengeance
RESIGN!! #FirePruitt
Fukkin.crook.
How much did this cost?  You are sickening
Did u go to Chicago city Indiana ,most contamination of #lead
M O N S T E R
C O W A R D
Corrupt puppet
how much is this trip costing us? a few bil?
What did you do? Pour lead onto pristine land?
U need to go Pruitt u fuckin con artist sellout!  Yor kids should be ashamed to share your name
Why don't you just pave it all, Scott?  Just f*cking pave everything.
How much did that trip cost the American people
Climate change is real and man made
Ok.  This is a good thing.  You didn’t take a shot at former administration for once so you’re growing up .  Serious question, where can we find data that the former company causing he pollution was fined, had a trust etc to pay for clean up? This was before your time I know.
Resign while you can, Scott, or your reputation will be even more polluted. Shame on you for putting every American at risk, including every member of your family.
You are a criminal. Resign. Delete.
You are a corrupted grifter. Wasting tax dollars to support lavish tastes and lifestyle. You are destroying our environment to serve special interests.  @GovHolcomb will regret his association with a crook.
I can only imagine that you're visiting superfund sites to laugh at the poor who think you're going to help them out.
I’m curious as to what resides in the space where your soul once was....
Please help me understand what it is that makes you feel justified in pissing away my tax dollars for your own peronal comfort and "security."  I'd hate to think that you're milking the system just because you can.
Thanks, 
Steve K.
What about Michigan?
You’re a corrupt pos, Scott. Just resign.
The EPA needs to clean up Tribal Lands polluted by corporations
i like lead ground. pisses people off and it gets my rocks off
Keep up the great work Scott!   
