Same old awful Scott Pruitt. 
He needs to go back to O. 
Visit the fracking sites,stand in the center of an earthquake, inhale some pesticides that give people brain cancer,search online for alternative lethal drugs for a person on death row, ya know, the things he’s always done.
Today #PollutingPruitt’s best buds @MonsantoCo @DowChemical are going to court for lying about the poisonous effects of #Roundup aka #glyphosate.
3,000+ plaintiffs suing re: non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma.
#FirePruitt #PoisonousPruitt #MondayMotivation
Yes they r , follow @careygillam  ,she's tweeting from hearing
In Big Law "Environmental Law" almost always means ANTI-Environmental Law, w best clients in gas, chem, oil.
Pruitt is hiding from the public the most basic information about how he spends his business hours & with whom. 

He can't tell us how our taxpayers $ is used then he shouldn't get it. Get your money from @Dow, @Monsanto, & oil/gas that you let run EPA.
John Milner was a lawyer for Dow Chemical!!
Did u mean peter wright?
Pruitt has no business with anything involving science. He is another anti evolution, anti science ignoramus!
Peter Wright is a good move and a positive step  I really hope it moves forward
We want, and deserve, to have an EPA that works to keep our air and water clean. Loosening regulation is not what we want.
Change your f'n name because protecting the environment is not what is happening.
Through your lack of caring & profits over people, I hereby designate the EPA as the #EnvironmentalPollutingAgency #EnvironmentalPollutingAgency #EnvironmentalPollutingAgency #EnvironmentalPollutingAgency #EnvironmentalPollutingAgency  Thanks for nothing! 
I heard you are going back to flying  coach. Can't hide any futher in first class  from us taxpayers  who all believe you to be unfit to lead the EPA. Deal with it or resign.
GET PRUITT OUT!
What about the Clean Water Act you're supposed to be protecting?  Please get on this!
Excellent choice! Another corporate lackey! Finally our Govt recognizes the importance of enriching executives over the health and welfare of citizens! Haha, this admin is a joke.
I don’t believe anything from this “official” EPA. ROBBER BARONS!



That's the same Peter Wright who defended BP after the oil spill?!!! Fantastic! I love poisoned sea food!

Pruitt tapes revealed: Evolution's a 'theory,' 'majority' religions under attack http://politi.co/2FSv3bN  
SCUM -
Disgraceful. Is it true you don’t believe in evolution? Wtf? You are the head of a SCIENTIFIC BODY! Religion has no place in this. Resign
Someone at the EPA has got to have some morals left. Why are you allowing yourselves to be led by an evolution and climate change denying @EPAScottPruitt ?  You're supposed to be and work with scientists, not cheerleaders for trump and his stupid, shady friends.
A Dow lawyer?!To supervise federal offices that directly regulate his former employer of 17+yrs?! 
Dow + DuPont are listed as responsible for 100 toxic sites currently undergoing or slated for cleanup. Dow gave $1million to @POTUS 's inaugural committee.
WTF? @EPAScottPruitt
The only and I mean only accolades come from Mr Pruitt and the chemical industry that hopes and knows he will look theborjer way towards prosecuting polluters.  That’s a fact .  He’s been on the other side all along . Sad day
You said this:  “If you can tell me what gun, type of gun, I can possess, then I didn’t really get that right to keep and bear arms from God,” he said. “It was not bequeathed to me, it was not unalienable, right?”  God has nothing to do with it.
Shame on you for turning the true mission of the EPA into the "Environmental Polluting Agency"
Oh perfect.. Just like everyone else
@EPAScottPruitt keep on bringing these toxic polluting f'kers in the EPA. Your actions/choices show you're intentionally putting the public health & lives in danger. You & gang of scum will end up in prison just like the crooks of the Flint water crisis
Did Pruitt interview him from his soundproof telephone booth? Turning the EPA into a chemical Corp puppet. What a dumpster fire. Despicable.
Mr. Pruitt, why don't you stop wasting taxpayers' money and hiring environment/health-destroying industrialist, open your mind, and educate yourself. Let's start with the basics. https://evolution.berkeley.edu/evolibrary/article/evo_01 …
Don’t forget about climate change!
Climate change/Evolution never happened! So say a few!
Horrible choice per ushe
Good luck in your work. As always, if you ever need help I am a great resource
Former counsel at Dow and Monsanto. Gosh, wonder how he got the job? And why he wants it.
Dow Chemical? Are you fucking kidding me? Golly jeepers, I wonder how he feels about chlorpyrifos?
#VoteNo on Peter Wright, @EPWDems @EPWGOP. The administration is being filled with the worst possible people for the job.
#Kakistocracy
Peter Wright, Managing Counsel for Dow Chemical Company?
#Kakistocracy
Perhaps this new nominee knows something about the environment? Do you still believe that climate change is a good thing? Can you explain how coal can be clean? You work for us and your job is protecting the environment, not filling your pockets with special interest money.
US EPA, so he was the lawyer for Dow Chemical. That means the water and land will be destroyed!
Does he know anything about Climate Change?
All he needs to know is that it’s a hoax and doesn’t exist, except in theory.
Just curious, what do you think@the word theory means in a scientific context?
Knows what he’s doing
Why?  How will he screw up the environment?
He's a lawyer for Dow chemical company.
EPA is working for corporations instead of regulating them. They spend more money on private flights.
