EPA has appointed Pruitt's own banker—who was banned from the banking industry for life—to oversee its Superfund program. https://theintercept.com/2017/12/28/scott-pruitt-failed-banker-running-epa-superfund-program/ … …
Trump proposes 97 percent funding cut to Great Lakes Restoration Initiative | Northwest Herald
Trump budget eliminates Great Lakes cleanup funds |
Skeptics voice concerns over EPA plan for worst toxic waste sites | PBS NewsHour

Every Christian I know and the church I grew up in all seemed to take the attitude that God put it all here for us to use and abuse. They almost seem to revel in it. It's utilizing God's gifts to them.
Even Pruitt’s own EPA released analysis in November that shows, by itself, his effort to undo Obama’s climate plan could result in up to 100,000 premature deaths over the next few decades while causing millions of asthma attacks in kids.
2) Pruitt distracts from his real crimes: His policies will put up to 100,000 lives at risk in the United States, make millions of children sick, and destroy a livable climate.
If Pruitt is fired or resigns, it won’t be over the real danger to Americans dirtier air and water.
Really? What a sad time in America. Pruitt needs to be fired and sent to a dank county jail.  Earth-killer Animal-killer with no regard for human health, ethics or the rule of law. #corrupt #fraud #liar #greed #BootPruitt
Want to clean the environment? Get rid of Pruitt and Wheeler
Wow.  That's a far cry of what you should be doing.  With all the damage you've done, do you think this is a compromise? Why don't you just resign?
You should start by cleaning @EPAScottPruitt and his new Deputy polluting lobbyist Wheeler out!!!
Pruitt should resign. What a jerk.
You're a criminal. People and animals will die because of you. While you sell out America. Resign, loser.
You know you’re in trouble when this is the best example you can find of EPA success while you’re running it into the ground, or more accurately, an arsenic laden coal mine with a side of carcinogen slaw
Yeah, this little clean up isn't going to deflect what kind of monster rolls back regulations that protect citizens / children by undoing Obama's EPA efforts. Pruitt is as corrupt as a pimp. Pruitt is backed by the morally repugnant Koch brothers : http://www.polluterwatch.com/koch-industries 
5 lies Scott Pruitt has told about his mounting scandals.
Scott Pruitt is and has always been corrupt, even while AG of Oklahoma. Trump likes THE SWAMP!  Pruitt is top swamp monster (besides @realDonaldTrump )!  This is known as THE RAPING OF AMERICA! Resign, Scottie, or be thrown out!
$43K  for that?

Congress is expanding its investigation into Scott Pruitt’s alleged spending abuses. The House is requesting interviews with several EPA officials. 
https://www.politico.com/story/2018/04/13/former-epa-aide-shared-pruitt-information-house-republicans-482344 …
Scott Pruitt is an even bigger monster than you thought.
Scott Pruitt has at least four official email addresses.
Why Scott Pruitt and Eric Greitens are still around.
Republicans ask for Pruitt’s travel documents.  Interviews with top aids.
Gowdy expands probe into EPA’s Pruitt.
House Republican led-panel orders investigation with Pruitt aids.
Scott Pruitt created such a mess at the EPA.
We hear that Pruitt will be arrested for conspiracy to defraud by President Trump himself.  This could be a diversionary tactic by Trump in his problems with Mueller.  White House confidantes say that Trump is dead set on expelling him.
Looks bad for Pruitt, could be criminal, so very serious.
Why must you piss away my tax dollars?

This is Pruitt’s EPA idea of clean-ups? A small commercial parcel, limited groundwater impact due to midwest clays. This should have been handled by Indiana Dept of Environmental Mgmt (IDEM) not USEPA.
Are you going to dump it into the water?

Animals aren't put here for us to torture and use for food.  #SomeoneNotSomething 
