*Digression
Guy who hates epa is running it . This makes no sense . #TraitorTrump
Nothing in this administration makes sense. It’s been over a year and It still feels unreal to me.
I call BS

Sure he is. He is a fake Christian. His God is money.
Scott Pruitt is a bad dude,
Shame on you  
https://twitter.com/UNFCCC/status/967901517641670656 …
#ClimateChangeIsReal
Whilst it was cold in Europe today, a reminder that the  temperature in the Arctic was more than 20°C warmer than normal for this date. Dataviz vis @ZLabe. See how the red line for 2018 compares with the white line…
Raping the environment in order to stuff pockets of big oil execs is now called "regulatory certainty?" You're a clever criminal Scott.
He’s not that clever.
Dude, the Pope says you are not Christianing correctly...the nation says you are not environmentaling correctly.  The corporations you are charged with policing think you are doing a mightly fine job tho.
Pope Francis, on Scott Pruitt's faith-based brand of environmentalism: “This is not the correct interpretation of the Bible as intended by the Church.” https://newrepublic.com/article/147198/scott-pruitt-vs-pope …
So, yeah, about this... 
. @EPAScottPruitt is a CRIMINAL and must be REMOVED.

The Great Lakes contain 20% of the world's freshwater, have 10,000 miles of coast, and supply water to 40 million people.…
You can't fly first class on Twitter, Scott.
Thank You @EPAScottPruitt @JudgeJeanine 
Aww another uneducated baby boomer. SAD!
I’m guessing she fell hook line and suckered by the lies of a shill of big polluters.
Haha did you hear about her speeding ticket - not too far from my hometown. She thinks she’s above the law too.
You have made no progress. You are ruining our air, water and soil. You will go down as an absolute disgrace to human kind. #Firepruitt #PollutingPruitt #ImpeachTrumpNow
"Regulatory certainty?"  Is that what you call this?
You’re actively and willingly removing regulations that protect the environment. You’re disgusting and WILL be held accountable!
Hey chicken, try going with people that will challenge you...@MaddowBlog @andersoncooper @NPR. Shoot, my kittens Rita and Lula would require more honest answers from you.
Thank God for some sense in government. Double and triple agencies are hindering our nation's growth.
You are evil and trying to kill us all by removing our protective regulations. Lets hope your regime is removed soon and we can start to heal America. As of now we are deeply scared of your harmful changes
You're not improving anything. Just despicable what you are doing to the EPA and our country.
Progress is the opposite of what @EPAScottPruit is doing. Never has someone so #Unfit and reckless run the EPA. Cannot wait to be rid of him and the havoc he’s wreaking #Megalomaniac #UnfitToBePresident
A crook talking to a crackpot
Resign.
You've come a long way from playing baseball in Kansas Scott!  Love what you're doing at EPA!
You love that he’s destroying the planet? Your kid won’t.
Poison us for profits . Many will be looking for you if their children get poisoned by your policies. You will be held accountable by man and God.
Scott Pruitt, you need to resign for excessive spending of tax payers dollars on first class flights. You job is not that important to get somewhere in luxury. RESIGN Scott Pruitt in shame for excessive spending!
Too arrogant, corrupt & cowardly to fly coach. Your carbon footprint is off the charts, not to mention using taxpayer dollars. #PolluterInChief #RepealTheGOP
Intetesting that a Federal Court has order Scott Pruitt & his version of the EPA to implement methane emission standards at well-heads since they haven’t provided evidence that this regulation is hampering production & inhibiting exploration.
certainty of what? ability to poison the waters? pollute the skies? Pave over our forrests? Allow any business to do whatever they want whenever and wherever they want?
Do you lie to drunk old ladies often?
So great that you are consulting with knowledgeable scientists like @JudgeJeanine who care deeply about protecting our air and water. #sarcasm #PollutingPruitt
https://www.reddit.com/r/CBTS_Stream/comments/801p9s/mystery_solved_stanislav_lunev_and_the_bridge/ …
Pls take off salamanders from endangered species list.  Farmers cannot plant.  Restricted!


All for profit and killing land and people. You are a corporate terrorist.
Slashing regulations for the benefit of the fossil fuel industry? Do you still think climate change is good? Can you explain how coal can be clean? You are a disgrace. Resign.
Great work destroying our environment! #pollutingpruitt #fakeadminstration
You are a despicable person whose only legacy will be the man who stopped us from slowing down global warming and the horrific effects of climate change. The future will curse you for what you have done.#ActOnClimate
Amerikans love foul air, polluted water if the 1% keep getting their quarterly bonus checks
You are decimating protection of human health and the environment, for short-sighted profits by irresponsible industry. EPA means Environmental protection, not Economic. A good economy must be based on a healthy environment, and the people suffer when it is not.
The two of you together means collectively you have:
One brain
Two super-egos
Half a soul
And a missing bottle of scotch.
Providing regulation clarity is not your primary job. Protecting the environment is. Do your job.
Two of the worst human beings on the planet. Please both resign and go live far away in a cave.
Not one word on the Kigali Amendment or https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/15/white-house-aide-quit-after-he-was-told-he-wouldnt-get-full-clearance.html … what this has to do going forward
Maybe ask real Questions , Trumps IOWA Ethanol for Votes , Pruitt was a anti-Ethanol guy and now supports Trumps DC Swamp Gas Agricultural Welfare Program . Ex IOWA GOV got Ambassador to China to peddle Ethanol and USA gets ripped off at the pump and grocery stores with this Scam

Genesis 2:15

The Lord God put the man in the Garden of Eden to take care of it and to look after it.

Not to rape and destroy it.

EPA Chief Scott Pruitt Says the Bible Teaches Us to 'Harvest' 'Natural Resources' Like Gas, Oil and Coal http://gizmodo.com/epa-chief-scott-pruitt-says-the-bible-teaches-us-to-har-1823298370?utm_medium=sharefromsite&utm_source=Gizmodo_twitter … via @gizmodo
God did not tell Scott Pruitt to spend excessive amounts on first class flights. You must RESIGN in shame and disgrace Scott Pruitt! Jesus spent his time among the poor not excessive travel.
Hey Scott pandering to big energy is the equivalent in investing in stables,horses and wagons in early 20 century when cars were evolving. You are just another member of the crime family
Of the 14 lawsuits he filed against the EPA as AG of Oklahoma, in 13 instances (93% of the time) his co-litigators contributed to Pruitt’s campaign. Statistics don’t lie. Another corrupt politician that can be purchased cheaply. History will remember.
As AG for Oklahoma, he accepted $215,574 in campaign contributions from the fossil fuel industry and sued the EPA 14 times on behalf of his fiancial owners.
Pruitt in his own words when he was the AG of Oklahoma, he describes himself as “leading advocate AGAINST the EPA’s activist agenda”. He now heads that very agency
He asked for 6 years to review the 17 year old regulation on lead paint. Note lead paint was pulled from the US market in 1978, 40 years ago. Delay, obstruct, he is doing everything he can to tear the true purpose of the epa down
It is what he is not doing that is most dangerous. There have been 30% less investigations and 60% less fines under his tenure for breaking environmental rules
He reversed the ban on the pesticide chlorpyrifos citing science. When he does not believe in science. This pesticide is liked to developmental issues in children and was banned for residential use in 2000. It is a nerve agent like sarin gas.
#PruittThePoisoner
He does not conduct his official business with transparency. He spent $25,000 of tax payer money having a secret phone booth installed in his office so no one can hear who he is talking to or what he is talking about
Here is what we know about Pruitt - he is completely paranoid and requested an 23/7 Security detail at taxpayer expense. He is the only epa head to ever request this
Thanks Scott for focusing on regulatory certainty. The executive shouldn’t be making law, it’s the job of congress. The law is the key to protecting the environment in this case.
OMG. I never thought an EPA Administrator would stoop so low to be on this show. Disgraceful.
It would have been way cooler if you had joined her to discuss great progress being made to fulfill the @EPA 's mission to protect human health and the environment.  Oh wait, that would be a VERY short conversation... nvm.
And please stop saying "regulatory certainty for all Americans" because that's a false statement. Your "regulatory certainty" only makes life easier for businesses that emit harmful elements into the air or water, while making the safety of MY air & water uncertain. #thinkaboutit
At CPAC you stated your greatest achievement in 2017 was pulling the US out of the Paris Agreement - the global agreement among all developed nations to combat man made climate change. What does the P in EPA stand for now? Prostitute
Why don’t you get interviewed by a real journalist. One right wing pro business anti people lawyer interviewing another does not count.
You’re nothing more than a soulless destroyer of the environment and human health. Even animals and plants hate you. #pruittinHell #prisonfirst 
Because she and @FoxNews are the ones who believe you- SAD!
and fcuk the climate right ???....
Did you take a first class flight to appear on this show as well?
@EPAScottPruitt You are a nut thats really out there,you are bad for the environment,our children and our country.. Shame on you ...@tedlieu @RWPUSA @JoyAnnReid @SenSchumer @SenateMajLdr
What we want is certainty around clean air and clean water.
By not protecting public health or environment?
About time the EPA started working for Americans !
Regulatory certainty = reduced regulations for your and GOP donors.  We can all see it, why do you keep lying about it?
Did you bring your private jet, 24 hour security guards and "cone of silence" with you?
Open up the energy sector!
Dig oil now.
Damn right.
C
LOLOLOLOLOL clowns 
Did she ask you about:
ties w polluting industries
18 member security team
25 million $ phone booth
federal $ 4 private travel
anti-lobbying violations
personal email 4 fed biz
firing @EPA scientists
spying on employees
corrupt cronyism
or Morocco?
#PollutingPruitt
#FirePruitt
We are going to dig oil like crazy so we can have cheap cheap gas like it should have been for the last 25 years
Who do you think you're fooling? Destroying environmental protections for your corporate overlords.
How about protecting the environment, which is the definition of your job?
He's going to protect it by digging holes in it and getting the beautiful oil out so we can have cheap gas that we should have been doing for the last 30 years
I know it seems unfair that people use Twitter just to be mean, but for @ScottPruittOK I think it’s completely justified.
I want clean air but I feel with some certainty that you do not care about that in anyway shape or form.
Pruitt is scum.
G should I believe math and science or should I believe what politicians say about the climate. Who studies what for a living. Science has proven itself to be highly accurate. Cell phones spacecraft satellites radio TV driverless cars science doesn't lie, politicians do!
Gross.
The EPA is dead, and Pruitt killed it, and the environment, selling us out. What are we going to drink when you pollute the waters and pollute our air?!

Pruitt, did the Bible tell you to say that? My bible doesn’t mention gas, oil or coal like you mention in your interview. I don’t believe they were used during Jesus’s time. You are killing the planet with your disbelief. There is Climate Change!
Then you also  know that in the Bible God made the world and it will last for as long as he wants it to.
We get it Scott. We’re certain you are not regulating anything.
This corrupt politician is a pathetic embarrassment and has no business running the EPA. Go hide in your soundproof safe space, Scotty.
Regulatory certainty = Companies unleashed t f up the environment.
Nice dumbed-down talking point you jackass. #regulatorycertainty really means dismantling the #EPA and wrecking the environment — all to benefit your paymasters in the polluting industries and the “donor class”. What’s going on there is a #nationaldisgrace.
Can you look into the algae blooms in the Finger Lakes in NY?  They make our beautiful lake unusable.  Maybe it has something to do with the herbicides the farmers are using.
What, is this criminal night?
Seriously? 
You have no idea what your agency is supposed to do .... OR what a responsible journalist looks like.
Great progress made polluting, not addressing climate change, not investing on alternative energy, dumping toxins and repealing good environmental laws? That progress? You are a disgrace. Owned by Big Coal, Gas & Oil. Go be a lobbyist instead. Fraud.
You're a crook. Who is this? => @JudgeJeanine @EPA #SwampThings
You are doing a fabulous job as @EPA Administrator! Keep cleaning up the @EPA. And we will have a much better environment to live in.
This pic contains two of the most vile, disgusting, and dangerous people in America. The world will be a better place when @JudgeJeanine & @EPAScottPruitt are gone.
Rot in hell
You make me sick @EPAScottPruitt
Great work.

Is this the hack briefing the hack circus hour?
Progress is why youre scared to fly coach
Is this the guy who travels first class because he is afraid of the people in economy?
Yup - I just hope the first class people rake him over the coals too.
Congrats on all your brand new bot and troll followers that  you and @JudgeJeanine!  

You must be so proud!

If by progress you mean pollution you are doing a great job. Corporate shill.
@FoxNews The Trump Dictators State New Media is certainly working overtime tonight on Trump Propaganda!
#ReplaceNunes #ReplaceNunes #ReplaceNunes #ReplaceNunes #ReplaceNunes #ReplaceNunes #ReplaceNunes #ReplaceNunes @RepDevinNunes @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader #GOP @NRA @GOP #MAGA #Trump @PressSec 

#resist
Farmers are under assault with the salamanders because they,cannot plant.  Take salamanders off the endangered list.  They do nothing for the economy system.
Great progress??? You mean the destruction of the environment?
Scott Pruitt is awesome thank you Judge for having the great leader of the EPA
Lots of illegal actions Obama should be investigated for!
And kill the United States environment.   Lets not forget the denial of global warming and opening up offshore oil drilling again.
How Scott Pruitt Is Gutting the EPA on Behalf of the Fossil-Fuel Industry http://rol.st/2h4bMuV  via @RollingStone
Some 300 scientists and environmental protection specialists have departed the agency during the Trump administration:
Trump EPA loosens regulations for "major" sources of air pollution http://hill.cm/HtD2V21 
EPA's Latest Water Attack: Protecting Polluting Power Plants | NRDC
Under Trump, E.P.A. Has Slowed Actions Against Polluters, and Put Limits on Enforcement Officers - The New York Times
Trump and Scott Pruitt post signs boasting about EPA deregulation, employees say it feels like a "slap in the face" http://bit.ly/2FeMQZ1 
EPA has appointed Pruitt's own banker—who was banned from the banking industry for life—to oversee its Superfund program. https://theintercept.com/2017/12/28/scott-pruitt-failed-banker-running-epa-superfund-program/ … …
Trump’s EPA Director Says Climate Change Will Be Good for Us
Ok, dick. Scott Pollute It? Child please!
THANK YOU FOR STOPPING THIS CORRUPTION
I guess you are not in favor of actual clean air
Waiting for you to be fired by DOTART!
Have you ever noticed that when you look up in the sky, even on the clearest of all clearest days, that the sky is still filled with dirty air in the higher atmospheres; destroying your wishful version of reality that is only a personal illusion that attempts to say: we're good.
If there's one thing Americans wanted out of the EPA, it's regulatory certainty.

Screw clean water, clean air, and action on climate change. What we really care about is that @EPAScottPruitt's big energy friends have rules they can live with.

You're a criminal.
Your job is to protect the environment, not “regulatory certainty”
Coal is good. There is lots of energy in coal and it's renewable. We will all become fossilized one day
You are the worst of the worst in Trump's cabinet. Incredible that he picked the guy who sued EPA a dozen times, to run the agency. I hope those first class fliers give you hell just like the ones in steerage.
Where's the certainty when you pull the regulatory rug out from under the American people?
I loved your opening statement President Trump needs to replace Jeff Sessions with YOU !  Go Gett'em, Gal !
You can tell Jeanie how you rip off tax payers for all your vacations and travels
Tell us about your taxpayer-funded first-class travel because someone said something mean to you. Or about how you hid the audit of the Tar Creek cleanup in Oklahoma.
Excellent cabinet with Secy Pruitt. Bravo!
Can you get rid of the renewable fuels standard?



That’s a whole lot of stupid on a TV screen.

Thirsty
By illegally rolling back regulations?
Best & most talented Cabinet ever 
That "regulatory certainty" thing is so asinine. It's legalese for "ensuring the EPA protects neither health nor environment by allowing businesses to do as they please."
#ImpeachPruitt
I bet that will be a FIRST CLASS interview.

You are nothing but a FIRST CLASS type of guy.
It's time to accept climate science, Scott Pruitt.
#neveragain
