
Please explain what was harmful about the clean power plan?
SAD

Why hasn't the EPA Science Advisory Board met in 6 months? #Republican #WarOnScience
The EPA Science Advisory Board hasn’t met in at least 6 months, and some of its members say it's being sidelined to avoid getting in the way of Scott Pruitt's anti-regulatory agenda, Scientific American reports. https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/epas-science-advisory-board-has-not-met-in-6-months/ …
May 2017 @EPAScottPruitt met with executives from Chemours which has taken over DuPont’s considerable fluorosurfactant business. In the negotiations over phasing out PFOA, DuPont asked for “timely review & approvals” of its replacements for that chemical.
You are creating health dangers that are going to take years to repair.
Ending regulations that protect our environment and hold businesses accountable for damaging the land we live on is shameful.  Any chance you next to a coal ash pit?  Living within 1 mile of a coal ash pit carries the same risk of smoking a pack of cigarettes a day.
Re-Open the EPA Office that researches the effects of chemicals on children’s health
This is an absolute farce and falsehood
This is a joke right?
Seems a bit oxymoronic
Uh, that’s not its mission. Its mission is to protect public resources such as air and water. He’s dismantling what meager protections have been enacted on behalf of the people. He’s a fraud and so is “Natural Resources”.
And you are proud of this? The core mission of the EPA is “environmental protection” not making it easier for industry to poison citizens. I’m disgusted.
So @EPAScottPruitt is on your payroll also? Are the benefits nice? What’s the insurance package like?
In 1 year, Scott Pruitt has ensured that corporations are treated with kid gloves-especially those dandies like mining & coal-fired power generators-to the detriment and wholesale abandonment of America's current and future generations.  Congrats on ruining the planet! #MAGA

Judge agrees with AG Ferguson that EPA violated the Clean Air Act by delaying air quality standards for ground-level ozone pollution – another successful outcome in a case that has not yet resolved. Ruling: http://agportal-s3bucket.s3.amazonaws.com/uploadedfiles/Another/News/Press_Releases/2018%2003%2012%20Order%20Granting%20Summary%20Judgment.pdf … Case background: …
So what you’re saying Scott Pruitt, is that you have managed to set the country back about 30 years in progress and put children’s health at risk for ,
Congratulations for a job not done at all#paidoffpuppet
can the people in Flint drink their water yet?
My stomach turns when I read about your best practices. You are a snake.
You wouldn't know the core mission of the @EPA if Nixon rose from his grave to tell you. #BlindersOn 
Remember the P stands for PROTECTION, not POLLUTION. 
#environmentaljustice



For Humanity Please Resign! Thanks!
EPA budget: 5 BIL.

Full time security for Scott Pruitt: 25MIL/year.

Full time security of Pruitt after leaving EPA: Zero.
Facts:
Past year+, corporate fines for pollution almost nil;

Studies show greater savings when communities are PROTECTED from pollution; 

Speculation:
Your grandkids are going to one day piss on your gravesites.

You are sell outs to corporations. Fly 1st class, snowflake.
And keeps on doing the one thing he and his boss like to do...DESTROY things that Obama had ANYTHING to do with.

Doesn't matter if it works....

What a legacy for your family
The #CleanPowerPlan is one of our best chances to avert global climate disaster, repealing it to satisfy the fossil fuel industry was a catastrophe.
Yea- being paid salary by unnamed chemical companies & helped cancel the study of toxicity effects on children - 

There is a special place in hell for Pruitt; what a DOUCHE!
PRUITT SUCKS. RESIGN! NO ONE LIKES YOU.
Can’t believe you can keep a straight face when you say “repealed clean power plan” is returning EPA to its core mission. 
History is going to remember you guys. Not in a good way.

You're a disgrace to all science and reason. Human-driven climate change is a fact that is not up for debate, and this whole idea of having televised debates about should disqualify you from your position.
hell ya, I hate progress
And ruined our environment through ignorance
Wow, triggered snowflake below! lol! Don't care about Jobs. IT's about Fact's Not Feelings folks! How did this Country survive 8rs. of Obama. What a bunch of useless powder puffs he inspired!
What u mean is Pruitt doesn’t give a damn about our environment, ignores scientific evidence, acts contrary to public opinion, and serves his@mining and drilling cronies.
Funny, none of those so called accomplishments are in the agency’s charter. Protecting the environment is, and Pruitt is doing a shit job there, siding with polluters, likely for nice kickbacks
Clean air and water are grossly overrated!!!!!
What was the Environmental Protection Agency, is now the Environmental Profiteering Agency. Policies that protect health and the environment are subject to removal if the price is right. The EPA under Pruitt will have a huge cost for generations.
Save the accolades. He's done nothing to protect us from poisonous chemicals sprayed over our air, water and soil 24/7 via #GeoEngineering #Chemtrails. @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse
And made sure his most trusted aides are able to personally and privately take money from oil and gas industries.
One of the most dangerous men in America.
So basically you guys are bragging about doing the opposite of the mandate this department was designed to perform under pretty much all the presidents since your establishment, except Trump?
You are all monsters
The RULE OF LAW CLUB Paul so fondly promotes has a few honorary & exemplary members; Arpaio, Moore & Bundy, all racists, who broke the law. I guess the rule of law only applies to the other side!
Pruitt has done everything to let the extraction & big oil companies pollute more so they have obliged him! He has tried to stifle clean energy & the many jobs it creates. Let's see, a dirtier world with less sustainable jobs.  Pruitt is a success!
Protection not pollution.
Scott will go down in history as the #1 murderer our world has ever known. His role backs and policy changes will slowly kill us all.
EPA, Pruitt is a failure! He has no idea what he’s suppose to do; kinda like trump.
H.R 1117 & H.R. 1119. Who needs clean air.
The OMB just released a study saying the benefits of those regulations outweighed the cost. Also, neither you know Scott Pruitt seem to have the faintest clue what the core mission of the EPA is.
The irrational #Leftwing #Libtards will never understand the fantastic and righteous job you're doing #ScottPruitt!!! Keep up the great work for the next seven years!

How about removing the floride from our water. It is poison
No it’s not. At what concentration? And, as you stated, it’s Fluoride which is a fluorine ion, that is, in the water as a disassociated salt. No more harmful than salt (NaCl) at 2 PPB in your water, and scientifically proven to help your teeth.
Extreme weak sauce
Getting rid of the scientists in favor of industry friends on your advisory boards was borderline criminal.
Humor?

If you think they were “overreaching” before, wait until they have to fix everything all over again. Nobody will wipe the acid tears that are going to fall.
If by restoring its mission you mean selling out to the mining and oil companies, green lighting deadly air and water pollution so they can make obscene profits, wasting taxpayer money on first class travel, soundproof rooms, and 30 security guards, then you are correct.
In 1 year, @EPAScottPruitt destroyed the @EPA and it's core mission, it slashed regulations that protected our health and didn’t restore the rule of law.

Repealed Helpful #CleanPowerPlan
Let Coal Companies Hurt Our Environment 
Withdrawal of #WOTUS Rule That Protected Us
Next Mission:  Watch The Planet Burn!!!
Why are you working with polluters on the side? How are you allowed to do that?  Your corruption is never ending!
Pruitt's EPA is anti-science, anti-environment and pro-pollution. Both disgusting and pathetic.
Proud of all this undoing? You are clearly not working for us or the planet. Still think climate change is good? Can you explain how coal can be clean?
The social media intern responsible for this probably is crying on the inside.
I doubt they’re crying, I am sure they are only concerned, because they just don’t get it.
That’s not the EPA’s job you jackwagons. We see right through your grubby oily fingers.
Don't respond to this message if the destructive Pruitt imp is holding you hostage and making you tweet these egregious lies.
#ImpeachPruitt
Crunch the numbers and you will find that @EPAScottPruitt s assault on the environment will cost us for generations to come. #pollutingPruitt doesn't value your health or the health of our 
Pruitt is a sock puppet of big industry. Allowing them to pollute is the exact opposite of the ‘core function’ of the EPA. LOCK THEM UP! LOCK THEM UP!! Sucks, don’t it? And I don’t even like hrc, but I really don’t like traitors....
As a Geologist and an Earth Science teacher, YOU DISGUST ME. Regulations are GOOD for EARTH. YOU are BAD for EARTH. I just hope the damage you do in the next 3 years is not irreversible.
That’s awesome! Great work
The core mission of the EPA is to protect the environment. You know the air we breathe, the water we drink...what exactly do YOU think that mission is? Selling public lands?
I hope Scott Pruitt goes after USFS for obstructing mining claims Plan of Operations
BRAVO!!  Keep going!
What do you think the EPA's core mission is?
The P stands for Protection not Pillage.
Success in trying to kill us all
So all government agencies are complicit in destroying America. Got it. Thanks.
You guys SUCK at your "job" and you are actually the biggest bunch of corrupt, craven hacks I've ever seen in public office.
How can #CleanPowerPlan be harmful? How can clean water be harmful? I feel sorry for your grandkids when you try to explain what you supported and why....
This is SUCH a bogus name:  "Natural Resources", as in: open for mining and dumping, come on in
The EPA's "job" is to protect the environment, it's right in the agency title. Pruitt has done everything to undermine that mission. Jobs that ruin the environment need to go away.
He’s doing a great job.  Thank you Mr Pruitt
cough, cough "bull"cough"sh cough"it
How is that the EPA’s core mission?
And what did the "P" in EPA stand for again?
Environmental destruction agency should be the new department name.
Hmmm last I checked, the environment needed protection more than jobs
Shameful.  You are not a protection agency.
Shut up. We don’t need listen to you say anything,that’s the alternative facts. We just need register and vote and donate for Bllue,we’ll vote more crooks out of the both House in Congress, we’ll see what happens. #ClimateChangeIsReal  #BlueTsunami #GOPComplicit #VoteThemAllOut
@EPAScottPruitt what say you about our skies? #Chemtrails #StopSprayingUs #WeDoNotConsent
The @EPA is primarily here to protect the environment. Nothing more or less. Maybe @EPAScottPruitt has forgotten that, or doesn’t care.
