Thank you Scott! Keep up the great work!
Shut up, bot. Pruitt is doing the opposite of his job. He needs to be removed from office.
You seem friendly 
Thanks to the farmers and ranchers for all that they do!  Perhaps the EPA will ban toxic pesticides used in farming that end up  in our food, kill bees, and run off into waterways that flow through rural, suburban and urban areas.
Evironmental criminal.

I hope to see you in jail one day where you belong.
Ever visited an environmental education center? You’d learn a lot. 
is this #DrainingTheSwamp ??? POS garbage should resign
JUST IN: Cost of Pruitt's Italy trip rises above $84,000 http://hill.cm/PSvdVO7  
Show your support for AG and eat shit Pruitt
Any meetings with the scientific community planned?
End is coming #crookedgop
Fuck you! PROTECT AMERICA’S ENVIRONMENT, you god damned shitbag. Promoting the agriculture industry is the opposite of your job, asshole!
Pruitt is trumpy’s little SOB


As the former public affairs chief for two federal agencies (in two GOP administrations), I can tell you that this is an INSANE amount of money for any federal agency head to spend on travel and security measures. Off the charts. https://twitter.com/chrislhayes/status/976228540906655745 …
Perhaps you couldn't do much damage there.
Congrats on not doing your job and being the worst in a list of awful, swampy, corrupt admin! 
Causing 90,000 more asthma attacks in kids

JUST IN: Cost of Pruitt's Italy trip rises above $84,000 http://hill.cm/PSvdVO7  
Scottie, you insist on meeting with polluters instead of environmentalists. Likely cause the guilty have more bribe money
I feel bad for you. Every time you tweet you're greeted with screeching demon-possessed meat sacks from the Left. They remind me of the Goblins at the bridge of Khaza-dum in Lord of the Rings.


Resign before the planet swallows you whole. It’s on to you.
Why don’t you visit someone who is involved with save or studying the environment? Or better yet just quit and go to work for Monsanto.
Were they all in with your poisoning the land and rolling back protections of American lives? How about your $139,000 door?
Grew up with FHA!
Shut up Scott you don’t count
