Mr Pruitt, you are doing awesome. I'm beginning to wonder if you tweet purposely to troll all the Marxist democrat libtards.  Their vitriolic hatred and intolerance, defending their religion of global warming against your perceived threats is hilarious.
Awwww....clever
GIVE US OUR MONEY BACK AND QUIT!!!!!!!
You and Trump are two sinking ships tied to each other.
#LOCKHIMUP
EPA has appointed Pruitt's own banker—who was banned from the banking industry for life—to oversee its Superfund program. https://theintercept.com/2017/12/28/scott-pruitt-failed-banker-running-epa-superfund-program/ … …
I think prison is a perfectly great place for Trump, Manafort, Cohen, Don Jr. and Flynn.

But I think Pruitt should burn in hell.
Hey Napoleon taxpayers are sick of your hubris and waste , we don’t want to pay for your Get Smart come of silence or your new Pruitt coin !
Pay us back for your ridiculous phone booth and resign.
@EPAScottPruitt have you always hated America?
Time to resign!
Two step process - pay back the money you have stolen from the American people, then resign
$43,000 cone of silence to hide the Koch sucking sounds
The taxpayers want their $43,000 back Scotty.
JUST IN: EPA violated federal law when it spent approx. $43,000 to install a soundproof privacy booth in the EPA administrator’s office without providing advance notice to congressional appropriations committees, U.S. Government Accountability Office concludes.
Just reviewed PRUITT’s 5-EPA goals. First 2 deal with cleanup, the 3-following are not EPA cleanup related, 1) Encouraging private investment to facilitate cleanup and reuse 2) 
Promote redevelopment and community revitalization; and 3)
Engage with partners and stakeholders....
...Encourage private investment, this is site re-development activities for NGOs or real estate developers, not EPA. Promote re-development - this is not EPA’s mandate. Lastly, what does “engage” with partners & stakeholders mean? Pruitt & his EPA MINIONS are out of control!
Biggest swamp creature in DC!!!
#PruittsBetrayal

Pay US taxpayers back
JUST IN: Federal investigation reveals Pruitt's $43,000 soundproof booth violated law http://hill.cm/xmmRjKD  
The Government is going to accommodate you on a sound proof room Pruitt, but they call it solitary confinement in the prison you’re going to. With your fears and paranoia I don’t think you’ll last long there Scotty Boy. Anyone near Trump is going away. Can you say Fraud? 
This surprises and saddens me. How do we expect to recreate biodiversity by both killing much of nature and not leaving waste around to mutate new species?
Please quit.
Cashing in on your frequent flyer program?
RESIGN!
You are making no progress you tru.pian shill. Get out. Enough with your waste fraud and abuse of taxpayers.
F U Scott
U need a cone of silence u pos? Ur not the head of the CIA or Defense Secretary. The only reason the head of the EPA would need one is if they are conducting some shady business deals which I have no doubt u are. R u the next corrupt pig to be investigated and indicted?

Add Minden WV to that list
#Resign, thief.
YOU are a Superfund site... a sickening, toxic dump.
Rushing to get a list of accomplishments may not be a good thing.  Remember Mission Accomplished Mr Bush?  Maybe thoughtful, deliberate and complete should be the words associated with superfund sites.  I get you inherited that mess, but you don’t win points for speed.
You’re going to need to have some soundproof phone booth conversations with your donors and lawyers... yours lies and deceptions are catching up with you.
#RESIGN you fraud
Every time I hear someone in the Trump administration use the word "tremendous", I know it's complete bullshit.
Great job Pruitt!  You are doing a wonderful job. Best leader of the #EPA the US has ever had. #MAGA
Your a thief and an opportunitist...RESIGN!!
RESIGN!
Need to get ready for countless new superfund sites resulting from #petropruitt actions
You’re truly terrible at your job.  You seem to only excel at douchebaggery and idiocy.

#PruittMustGo @POTUS 
Another #Grifter
Time's up for you - you need to resign.
BREAKING: An investigation by the Government Accountability Office found that the installation of Scott Pruitt's $43,000 phone booth violated the law https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/politics/wp/2018/04/16/cost-of-epa-chief-scott-pruitts-secure-phone-booth-violated-law-limiting-such-expenses-to-5000-without-prior-approval-gao-says/?utm_term=.a9dec3357f81 …
You are going to kill us all with bad air and water but hey at least you have a fancy door and stationary
Do you understand how hard it is to clean up the subsurface?  It is inherently a long process.  Does “expediting” it mean you’re throwing regulatory standards (in place for health and safety in case you’re not aware) out the window?
resign.
Resign crook
Well, ignoring your actual scientists will make thing go much quicker.....
Great job violating the law.  RESIGN!!
How many more ethics / spending violations will this fraud commit? #kleptocracy
What kind of self important used douche bag fluid uses $43K to install a private phone booth in his office?  Maybe a corrupt one?  This will all be a massive history lesson for those who were offended by the word: deplorable.
You are the poster boy of why moderates will vote democrat next election. Instead of responsibility and ethics, you brought waste, fraud, abuse, and corruption.

And $40K for a soundbooth? Do you think you're Maxwell Smart or something? .....idiot.
Also tremendous progress in getting your unethical ass fired:
You sure have some hide, doing what you do and then pretending you're helping protect the environment and public safety. You're a fraud Mr. Pruitt. Please resign so you can be replaced with someone who gives a damn.
Keep up the good work
@realDonaldTrump Pruitt makes you and your @Cabinet look corrupt and greedy and paranoid. You should fire him. Your approval numbers would 
JUST IN: Federal investigation reveals Pruitt's $43,000 soundproof booth violated law http://hill.cm/xmmRjKD  
Can't wait to take the @gop to task for all this corruption in November! Be proud that, in a completely backwards way, you will have been part of the solution @EPAScottPruitt !
He's spending our money pretending to be a king! This ignorant thief needs to be fired!@ScottPruittOK
You violated the law, which make you a criminal. RESIGN you embezzler!
The evidence is mounting SCOTT!!!! You’ll be FIRED SOON!!!!!!!
Good work!
You are a crook. Resign.

Time to resign
Why do you continue to hide the devastating truth that toxic chemicals are being sprayed over us 24/7 under the guise of #climatechange? On top of that you feel our water supply is safe? @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse #ClimateEngineering #GeoEngineering #Chemtrails #ChemicalAttack
The water analysis would make more of an impact if Results4Aluminum, Barium,Iron&Sulphur also incl whats normal bcuz theyr found naturally2.
Ur a Quack a weasel unqualified and incompetent.  You are stealing taxpayers money.  You should be investigated by the IG
Resign mutha-fkr
What does your remediation process entail? Superfund sites can skip cleanup and get a tax scam handout for doing so? How many millions of gallons of radioactive waste are bubbling in Hanford storage tanks? You aren’t aware. Too busy jet setting around for lobster dinners!
Considering that the person in charge of your Superfund efforts is a convicted bank fraudster... I doubt it.
Dude just stop tweeting. Really
Can’t wait to see all the new sites generated by the reduction in application of he laws and rules to keep people safe by your office
You are making tremendous progress in breaking the law according to the GAO. Couldn't use one of the other two SCIFs? RESIGN!
Well, of course you are! That's what happens when you eliminate rules regulating how work must be done, call toxins safe without evidence, and undermine scientific rigor such that outcome measurement is meaningless. 

Wave your wand and *POOF* it's done!
#BootPruitt
Corruption, lies, scandal...you’re fired!
While allowing NEW sites to be created???  Dumping coal ash into waterways???  Killing aquatic life??
What about your 40k phone booth you broke the law resign there's no EPA with you in charge
The Swamp is Growing
Sounds like this guy has an overblown perception of what his job is and should he. Who is he 007? I never see that he's concerned at all with the environment. @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump @TrishaDishes @AdolfTwittler8 @Masschemtrails @SteerMark @OpChemtrails #GeoEngineering

SURE  BUM 
#superSwamp
Resign you corrupt #SwampCreature.
Sorry to hear your $40k phone booth broke the law
Pruitt should know what the rules are before he acts. Pruitt is not that important. He must think he is king. Give us a break. Not a big deal...
