Resign and take @realDonaldTrump with you to hell!
You are allowing & giving permits to companies that are destroying & polluting our environment! If you want to improve infrastructure then you’re in the WRONG PLACE! Get out of @EPA stop using our money for your pleasure, go away & don’t come back! JERK!
@SecretService should pay this guy a visit. Sounds very dangerous and unhinged.
RESIGN!
EPA invited 12 projects in 9 states to apply for more than $2 billion in WIFIA loans.
Guess who will actually end up getting them.
Dude- You HAVE to do better than this.  And proud of my representative being on top of it.  STOP WASTING OUR TAX PAYERS DOLLARS!
Nice picture of the swamp!
Surely not supported by your personal over expenditure. I feel sorry for the long-term staff member fired for having the guts to refute your claims.
This grifter doesn’t give a hoot about the country’s infrastructure. All he cares about is what he can steal for himself. The poster boy of fraud, waste and abuse.
Pruitt never paid any rent to lobbyist, took aide 1st class flights
 https://dailym.ai/2JHjqFM 
Pruitt may be, as he puts it, a “very important person,” but it’s getting harder and harder for him to reconcile his budget-cutting, saving-America-billions public persona with his apparently unquenchable ardor for spending taxpayer money.
Trump infrastructure push rolls back environmental rules
The Human Cost Of Trump's Rollback On Regulations |
He doesn't care about lives, only dollars & cents.

What does the EPA have to do with infrastructure?  You should be focusing on containminated drinking sources in Michigan and North Carolina and Tennessee.  You should be studying the effects of coal ash on citizens.  You should be doing a lot of things you aren’t.

Translation: he's made it easier for your to enrich your buddies. #TrumpKleptocracy #ResignNOW

PIG
SCOOP: @EPAScottPruitt wanted to order all manner of @EPA swag — including challenge coins, fancy fountain pens & leather-bound notebooks —  with his name featured prominently, but without the EPA seal, which he thought looked like a marijuana leaf. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/11/climate/pruitt-epa-challenge-coin.html …

#MAGA #TheResistance
It’s always just about you isn’t it?
Well, well lookie here. All the corruption in one room. Where is the trophy?

Think of all the "infrastructure" we could "improve" with the money you're wasting on first class airfare, desks and doors and that Praetorian Guard you don't need for security.
You are killing the planet.
and make ME & my friends a LOT of MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

right @GOP  #GreedyOldPervs 

STOP IT!

#BlueTsunami
You’re fucking up the environment and wasting tax payer money for your personal gain. You need to be locked up!

How fast can my big construction buddies make their money without worrying about environmental regs.
It's time for you to go. You must think your a king,but your not. You stink
CRUMBING?????
Looks like your chief of staff Ryan Jackson is trying to "streamline" the IG investigation into unauthorized raises to Greenwald & Hupp by destroying an email that said YOU AUTHORIZED THE RAISE! #PruittIsCorrupt #BootPruitt https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/04/pruitt-epa-raises/557561/ … …
This crook is living large on the backs of the American taxpayers.
He is abusing his position, wasting tax payers money, sweet deals w/lobbyists , destroying our environment.

#FirePruitt #CA48 #ClimateChange…
Why don't you just resign?
Cha-ching. Get ready for more #bribesandkickbacks for team trump.Less oversight means more corruption.


Kentucky and Oklahoma need clean water,today. No one can drink pollution.
RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN RESIGN

"Documents provided to us by EPA official(s) suggest the agency has relied on questionable 'threats' to the Administrator...to justify" millions in security & travel spending, @SenWhitehouse + @SenatorCarper write…
Lock him  lock him up! Ur going died in your own toxic sh*t b*tch! F!KU; ain't no security detail going to help u there f!ker
Kiss his a$$, save your job
pants on fire
Hope you get #georgehayduked
You need to resign, if not, can you give me one of those jobs where I get paid and don't have to show up for work? Thanks!
You aren’t doing a damned honest thing except suck America dry of all resources and respect-just like u did in Okla. give back all taxpayers money you wrongfully used on your new and OKIE kingdoms
You're a corrupt disgrace, wasting the people's money. Resign before you're forced out on corruption! #swampierthanever
U r doing a great job. Keep it up!!
Please Mr Pruitt do America a big favor and resign. You are the most corrupt head of any agency! #BootPruitt
Why is it that pruit flies coach when it is on his dime. But its first class all the way when we have to pay for it!!! Fucking cheapskate!!
Time to resign.
You need to be fired ! NOW
You are a lying, dumb as a brick,     a$$hole!
The EPA administrator has said he “didn’t know” about unusual salary bumps given to a pair of trusted aides, but a message from one of those staffers claims otherwise. Second to our liar-in-chief. two peas in the same pod.Need to resign

i live in Flint. i haven't washed my hair in my home in 4 years. when I brush my teeth, i use filtered water. i shower and my skin has strange reactions. my accumulated water bill is almost at $1500 at this point. i'm not paying.
Drain the swamp or swamp the drain?  Why does everyone think you guys are criminals and do you think you're going to get away with it? I don't.
I'm sorry CHUCKLEHEAD but your BS and lies are catching up with you and your $50/night sweet heart AIRBNB in DC.  You're going to go down faster than Stormy Daniels on celluloid.

Emails show Pruitt approved raise that he denied approving: report http://hill.cm/pF0YKf3  
There was a time when scum like you stated in the place they deserve. You are a disgrace for the human race. I am not sure how you can look at people in the eyes.
#SneakyPruitt

Hey Scotty.  Time to go.  Your corruption is appalling. You made the swamp deep again.  Congrats
You are astonishingly corrupt. Resign.
Please explain how this will protect the environment your agency is responsible for?
Shut your shitty mouth hole! A lying, corrupt piece of crap like you should crawl back under your rock.
Crook!
#PruittMustGo 
#Resist
Scott Pruitt @EPAScottPruitt aka "Great Cabinet" giving authorized by him huge raises to his FRIENDS. Where money came from? Safe water act!!! Talking about abuse here you go - no care for you or America.

"I know that [Pruitt is] comparing what I spent in 4 years to what he's already spent in one" @GinaEPA 
Pssst, I heard Mueller tapped your private phone booth.
You are thief!
@realDonaldTrump’s collusion on abandoning environmental regulations that keep air & water clean is the reason we’re making strides to grease the palms of our poisonous, oily corporate comrades. We don’t care about all the investigations we’re under if our corrupt base is happy!
These type of announcements from Republican administrations usually mean we better add even more filters to our drinking water and look forward to higher levels of pollution.
As a member of this nation's "crumbing" presidential administration... why don't you RESIGN, you greedy, dishonest, unethical, science denying, big oil/coal/chem/gas purchased, planet polluting VILLAIN. #BootPruitt
More airports for Scott Pruitt to land on in first class.
With your destruction of the EPA and of our environment, you will eventually have killed FAR more Americans than Al Capone.  You're repugnant.
There’s no way @EPAScottPruitt can manage the EPA effectively if he didn’t know that some of his staff received huge raises from misappropriated finds, how can he manage the EPA effectively?
Why haven't you resigned yet?
Scott eat shit
Meanwhile in Australia... Sydney's Observatory Hill reached 35.4 degrees at 2pm on Monday, surpassing the previous record of 34.2, set two years ago... 
2 records in 2 years.
Infrastructure built at the cost of the environment is unworthy of EPA support. Time to work instead for energy-efficient mass transit that would show the rest of the world just what American innovation is capable of.
Infrastructure improvement is NOT part of CWA, RCRA, etc. 

I worry that you are forgetting that you work for the Environmental PROTECTION Agency @EPAScottPruitt
Shame on u

Hey. Just cuz Cohen got raided and the media is all over it - Don't think for a moment people have forgotten about all your Bullshit.....
Hey Scotty, care to comment
Are you going to use the lead paint you brought back in repairing the nation's "crumbing" #infrastructure?

No wonder you beefed up your security. It's common knowledge that bad things happen to people who harm children. Especially in prison.

#infrastructurescam #ScottPruitt
Mr Pruitt, you’d better not confuse oil and coal with infrastructure!  Bridges and roads is somebody else’s department, and your job is to make sure going forward we have clean water and sky’s.
A crumbling infrastructure has become a lesser issue given how your administration is undercutting all environmental safeguards. The 2018 elections can't come soon enough.
Scotty, you have lost all credibility. But keep on kissing trump's ass, maybe that will protect your job.
Not much on the news tonight.....
Resign! You have no friends!
Pruitt, you may have bought time for your unethical behavior.  Hopefully Trump will drain the swamp by draining you!
When do we get reimbursed for Morocco and Samantha’s raise for not coming to work for months. What did she do for you? I’m very curious
You're doing a "Great Job", Administrator Pruitt!  "Thank You immensely"!!!
You’re the #SwampThing #BootPruitt
#draintheswamp #firepruitt #mickeymouse
Totally awesome and why we love you and POTUS.  Just ignore the communists who are not interested in good government - just bad science.
Are you a bot or just ignorant? Maybe you’ll get a pass if you can prove you were ‘educated’ in a Betsy DeVos-style charter school.
BS....you should resign. Not only are you not fulfilling EPA's mission, but you're wasting taxpayer's money on your travel and supposed security.
This is not about #infrastructure. The @EPA under @EPAScottPruitt is not creating #jobs or #certainty, but generating profits for wealthy investors by freeing them to dump waste affecting neighbors and downstream families. Americans are paying the price for corporate profits
You job is to PROTECT the environment, a public resource- not to DESTROY it.    You'll burn in hell Pruitt.
How long ago was your lobotomy, Scott?
What's up, "Administrator" Pruitt! lol... what do you administer? Pathetic weaksauce lies that even school graders can pick apart? PS: you're in great company down there in rock-bottom with the entire American Right Wing.
Did you actually think people would believe your lie that you "don't know" who arranged the pay raises for your mistresses? It's been nearly a week since that interview -- do you know now? (jk, we all know it was you.)
The environment is not about public utilities.

You are in this position to destroy the EPA and fleece taxpayers.
The “crumbing” of our infrastructure?
Apparently the UK grasps how disturbing Trump’s approval of Pruitt’s corruption truly is...
Like permits to build skyscrapers without sprinkler systems??  Scott, your nose is so brown it looks like sludge from a sewage treatment plant. Resign.
What about transparency and quality assurance??  With Scott Pruitt at the helm it won’t happen.
If it looks like a duck, talks like a duck but is insanely deluded: it’s @ScottPruittOK

Scoop: Top EPA officials have discovered an email in which Sarah Greenwalt says, explicitly, that Pruitt approved her $56k-plus raise—despite his claim that he had no knowledge. Now they're scrambling to make sure it doesn't get in front of the IG. https://www.theatlantic.com/news/archive/2018/04/pruitt-epa-raises/557561/ …
Are you going include sprinklers in the infrastructure?  Or does Trump think it too expensive?
Oh are you still employed?
You personally approved the raises and lied about it or your  EPA gave those raises without your approval. Either way, GOTCHA!
#Resign
#SWAMPMONSTER
Pruitt, weren’t you afraid to sit in that meeting without the protection of your expensive office? You should be ashamed of what you are doing to your grandchildren
Thank you Mr President.
But what's in it for you? Money? Status? Women? Wine? Song? That's what we need to know. #Resign. You're too high maintenance for American taxpayers. #FirePruitt
Your job is to protect the environment, not make things easy for developers by ignoring pollution. You're scum.
Hi Scumbag, Any thoughts of lead laced water still in Flint Michigan or do you plan to continue to ignore it? Do something positive instead of blowing our tax money you entitled Piece Of Shit if you don’t help those people and Puerto Rico, I hope you BURN IN HELL
Resign! Total corruption!
Your Oklahoma backbone and drive to take back the country from the tree huggers is noted!  Keep it up sir. Silent America is watching and patiently cheering you on.
You too Pruitt...your lies and corruption far outweigh anything that could possibly benefit this country.  Reisgn!
You actually look like the vacuous, corrupt, pos that you are. You are reversing all the protections put in place to protect us from toxic poison. I hope they screw you so bad, you get to sit and watch your money from prison.
Why dont you care about Americans air, water and soil toxicity 
as head of the @EPA? Maybe there's a position available at the @WhiteHouse for you in infrastructure. Have you shared the truth about #GeoEngineering #ClimateEngineering with @realDonaldTrump? #AmericaFirst

Glad you're friends with @realDonaldTrump - maybe you guys will end up as cellmates! Hahaha good luck!
Scott Pruitt’s Civilization-Threatening Lie
Scott Pruitt
DRAIN THE SWAMP !!! AND YOU ARE PART OF THE SWAMP PRUITT....

#BootPruitt Please resign and spare America anymore of your dangerous and corrupt agenda.
What does crumbing mean?
#lies
WTF is "if she wasn't my daughter I'd date her" #Ivanka doing in the shot?  IF I wanted nepotism, I'd have voted Fascist.  Ooops, that's right....you are!!!  You LOVE dictators....for some reason.  Putin's pal....#Mueller meat!!!
You wouldn't  know what infrastructure was if it jumped up and bit you on the ass. All you've  accomplished so far is to tear down the laws that protect our environment.
You're a corrupt POS.

You are a CRIMINAL!!!
It don’t matter your going to be FIRED and we’ll REVERSE the disaster you have caused !!!!
You are in charge of the EPA and you are doing a horrible job. Money can't buy clean air
You do realize that you are part of a crminal enterprise, right?
Will you continue to steal money from taxpayers?
What about the environment that you could care less about. Oh and can you get me a condo for $50.00 a night in D.C. ?
Well hello Mr. CORRUPTION! What has EPA to do with infrastructure? Is this like the Morocco deal? Quid pro quo for some lobbyist deal you've arranged?
DEAD MAN WALKING

Top EPA officials discovered an email in which Sarah Greenwalt says, explicitly, that Pruitt approved her $56k-plus raise—despite his claim he had no knowledge. Now they're scrambling to make sure it doesn't get in front of the IG.
Most corrupt agency head ever!
#RESIGN
Your position is crumbling #BootPruitt
Cause fuck the streams that will be silted in, right Scotty (find the one or two science guys still on staff and have them explain that)? BTW, that email that shows you were lying about authorizing the raises WILL come out, you know me that, right?
We sincerely apologize to all lobbyist landlords who have been screwed over by the deadbeat @EPAScottPruitt, the Kato Kaelin of the Trump Administration.
You are an embarrassment and a crook of the people of the United States. There is no leadership just bad behavior. Resign!!!!!
resign you dirty corrupt deplorable.
The purpose of the EPA is to protect the environment not line the pockets of your contractor cronies. Resign before you destroy our world with your greed.
None of you have accomplished anything that benifits America. You will be gone in a few weeks if not days. Trump will grow tired of defending you, and out you'll go.
https://twitter.com/SomeGuy_94/status/979485884348211200?s=20 …
#BootPruitt
We demand that Scott Pruitt resign as head of the EPA http://petitions.moveon.org/s/eK81O=  @moveon
Help get @EPAScottPruitt out of office by signing on to this quick & easy petition everyone! 
…
Funny, you write "permitting is reason" but I can't help but read "committing treason."
I'm looking for something on Cap Hill for, say, 50-ish bucks/night.  Any leads?
We don’t need to streamline any more fossil fuel projects. Let’s get to work building sustainable infrastructure that doesn’t leak or release clouds of toxic fumes.
Will you travel in a Golden Rolls Royce to view progress on such projects?
"Crumbing Infrastructure" 
I didn't realize that our roads & bridges were made of bread!
Havent you resigned yet?
Scott Pruitt’s Civilization-Threatening Lie
What a fuckless wonder you are. Resign today or find out how much cheaper a jail cell is in DC!
You need to get the facts...and a life. Leave office before someone kills you.
Sycophancy is such hard work.  

When Stalin told a joke, no one dared be the first to stop laughing.
LIAR shabby construction and shortcuts like the Bridge in Florida or Keystone Pipeline Leaks 210,000 Gallons of Oil in South Dakota 
YOU ARE KILLING WILDLIfE POTULINGOUR DRINKING WATERS AND AIR
First of all, step down from the WPA, you don’t care about my environment or my Childrens. Second of all, you have entirely wasted my tax payer money. You should be in prison. Resign so we can charge you for obstruction of our environmental laws we’ve put in place!
Great job! Clean drinking water should be job one for the EPA
