
Scott Pruitt, the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, has announced that he alone will decide what is and isn’t acceptable science for the agency to use when developing policies that affect your health and the environment.
1) Flint water crisis ended with involuntary manslaughter/misconduct charges. @EPAScottPruitt intentional blatant reckless disregard for our families health/lives to willfully green light corporations to pollute our air/water with harmful, if not deadly toxic chemicals & to
2) spray our crops with tons of a pesticide called chlorpyrifos which was already banned in homes in 2001 is a heinous crime - Pruitt/corporations should be charged accordingly #Enough #RiseUp
With this admin., less regulations means more money for DT & the Gophers/KKK. while decimating the enviornment & All life forms who have to live in & around same!!
Don't worry abt my world! Worry abt the one that DT is going to take from all of us & the one he would have U dying in!!  As for drugs none her! Sounds like U took a couple. Calm down!! It's just Twitter!! 
Bye Felicia!!
Plutonium nuclear reactors line the Columbia River in 1960.  Today, the Hanford site represents 60% of Plutonium radioactive waste by volume of al nuclear waste in the US.
Let’s review people’s knowledge of the Hanford Site in WA state. As part of the Manhattan project along the Columbia River.  Hanford is currently the most contaminated nuclear site in the US.  And Pruitt has cut funds for it’s cleanup!
How about protecting wildlife and its habitat from developers, mining interests, and other greedy reprobates?
. They took all the trees
And put them in a tree museum
And they charged all the people
A dollar and a half to see 'em
Don't it always seem to go
That you don't know what you've got
'Till it's gone
They paved paradise
And they put up a parking lot
And denying them if they negatively impact the environment. Republicans seem to forget that part.
Very sad our waterways, lakes, etc. are so polluted. Not only dangerous for people but damaging to our wildlife as well. Instead of politicians chasing climate change scam, they could’ve focused on protecting us and our wildlife.
Con man! http://DoneDeal.com !!
Then why are you making it easier for companies to pollute without oversight and contaminate our air and water? #climatechange #RenewableEnergy #BlueWave2018
I hope POTUS is open to desalination plants in California. Clean out this Swamp, replace with leaders who can work with our POTUS, then develop plans to provide water throughout the state. We've got good governor primary in June, with hard work we can free CA from Jerry Brown

What is EPA’s role if not cleaning our land and water from contamination?
Dear Washington Times: 
Polluting Pruitt is causing contamination, not cleaning it.
Keep up.

https://www.facebook.com/CBC.caIndigenous/videos/10156455843429604/ …
You don't seem to understand that if you were to do your f'ing job, you wouldn't have to clean up contaminated land!

You're a failure.
Too bad he is doing this without consulting science or thinking about public health
This is hardly a newspaper. Nice try.
