Think how many more Brownfield and Superfund sites will plague the US after @EPAScottPruitt is through. Ugh

We demand that Scott Pruitt resign as head of the EPA http://petitions.moveon.org/s/eK81O=  @moveon
Help get @EPAScottPruitt out of office by signing on to this quick & easy petition everyone! 
…
Congress has serious questions regarding your conduct as Adminstrator of the EPA. Who will really benefit from these grants?
Great job!!! It makes sense to continue funding programs that are working so well.

https://twitter.com/NBCPolitics/status/989511728219283457?s=20 … @epa @potus @WhiteHouse @VP @PressSec @IvankaTrump @SecretaryZinke @SecretaryRoss @SecretaryPerry @SecretaryCarson
Rep. Pallone to EPA Admin. Scott Pruitt: "I just think that every indication we have is that you really should resign, and you are undeserving of the public trust."…
#ResignNow
climate change is real and man made
Was it the dinosaurs emissions or the cavemen fires that started global warming climate change?

Scott Pruitt headed to the corner store 
You care nothing about public health or the environment! You care only about your pocket and helping fossil fuel get away literally with murder. I dare you to move your family next door to fracking, Superfund or any deregulated heavy metal leaching, toxic site you've created!
How many $BILLIONS have you given to filthy fossil fuel industries? Your paltry PR campaign won’t distract from news of your corrupt self-dealing and profligate spending of taxpayer dollars.   #ResignNowPruitt
Great New Yorker article, facts about Dirty Politics!

Gives us our money back!!!

BREAKING: Evacuation notice, multiple casualties at a refinery in Superior, Wisconsin. This would be the terminus of Enbridge’s new Line 3 tar sands pipeline. Prayers for our community, for the workers, prayers…


Mr Pruitt has committed himself to undoing as many Obama-era environmental regulations as he can https://econ.st/2r6DjxP 

why bother...you are just going to delete any science you dont agree with anyway.
Hey Scottie, hang in there. Dirt in the swamp is good for the environment and you’re as dirty as they get. Thoughts and prayers. Soon you’ll be back in Ok w family and friends w your hands out. SAD and pathetic!
#BootPruitt 
#BootPruitt 
#BootPruitt
Pruitt an "embarrassment to President Trump" and said that if he were president, "I'd just get rid of you." Yup a total disgrace to the American people.. Your Fired..
Hope your $43000 soundproof  telephone booth works both ways - because then no one will be able to hear you crying about how much you've fucked up
You’re a disgrace and you’re not foolling the people
Resign

SCUM
On eve of hearings that will probe his ethical abuses, @EPAScottPruitt calls committee members to say he funneled money to their districts. 

@epaoig should investigate whether Pruitt is resorting to his own version of Pay to Play with our tax dollars to save his political skin.
I can't wait for the Democratic-run House oversight hearings in 2019

Soooo, Newark gets to clean up its superfund sites?  Is this true? @CoryBooker  @SenatorMenendez  @RepDonaldPayne @rasjbaraka
Underutilized is a word for real estate developers and con men. Which are you?
Brownfield....appropriate name.... green sure isn't your thing.
Scott Pruitt Is Either A Liar Or Grossly Incompetenthttps://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/opinion-bardella-scott-pruitt_us_5ae083d4e4b061c0bfa3fc84
You could buy some nice furniture for your office with that kind of money.
You need a bullet in the head scott
First, you are not interested in protecting public health and the environment.  You've proven that many times.  Second, how do you plan to do all that without science? Thoughts and prayers? #FirePruittNow
Resign.
I hope you can set aside some of that money for another soundproof booth. It warms my heart to see my tax dollars so well spent by a dedicated and selfless public servant like you!
54 million will not be enough as you recently ruled that mining companies are not financially to clean up their spills and disasters. But nice attempt at trying to look like you are acting on behalf of the people.
Yup, you need to resign or be fired!
We need real scientific oversight to deal with such complex issues.
You are a human brownfield, and the only way to clean you up is to remove you from office.
Resign you entitled thief!!!

I wonder if President Macron is going to think how funny it is that he got such a loud and long round of applause in Congress for mentioning science. It's like clapping for something as basic as math.…
#FirePruitt
#BootPruitt 
#Resign 
#BlueWave2018
But YOU are allowing MORE pollution!!!  Why the SECRECY at the EPA?  Someone might hear you talking to polluters?
How do you live with yourself, @EPAScottPruitt?

There's a rally going on outside the EPA right now calling for Pruitt to be fired with the AFGE union of EPA staffers 
FIRE PRUITT NOW USA NEEDS SCIENCE CLEAN AIR WATER LAND!!!!
What’s your cut?
What’s your cut? Thanks.
Which of your friends just acquired property in these communities?
I think #welfarequeen @seanhannity with taxpayer backed loans.
He’s too busy buying XS condoms with a WIC card to care.

Scott, remember that all these extravagances will fade - and you and your family will have to face critics alone - what will you do then?
While weakening the standards to which they must be remediated, right Scotty? Long as you get your cut......
You + Nino Perrotta deserve bullets through the forehead for pretending to care about the US to the public and then in private saying America as a country, idea, & community is not as important as your fancy furniture. You spend some people's YEARLY PAY on a desk u brag u deserve
You should be ashamed of yourself but apparently shame is not something you're capable of feeling or else you would've resigned. anyone can do what you're doing - tearing down the EPA. just resign
Definition of "brownfield" as it applies to the above, please.
That doesn't sound like very much money.
Good job! Priorities always trump politics.
It’s sad that you still don’t get the true mission of the department.  These grants are good but you listed redevelopment underutilized properties before protecting public health and the environment.  Typical Pruitt.  Really sad.  Reread what EPA stands for please.
Looking forward to seeing you going to jail ! Grifter !


Some of your friends have property that needs to be cleaned up and they don’t want to pay for it???  I’m sure you’ll get a cut of the money you greedy pig.
Pruitt always considers 
public health
Last priority.
So glad you managed to get past the secret science !  However, you still need to go. #Time2Resign
Time to deploy the air-tight cone of silence
That's great. I'm sure you are already working on a way to pay for your house or expensive trinkets or something like that.
#Resign #Puto
Resign.
Now if you only used science to help inform these grants
Resign criminal
