Excellent. Now please rejoin the Paris Climate Pact, and for God’s sake LISTEN TO WHAT SCIENTISTS HAVE TO SAY
But he wouldn't understand them as he has no scientific qualifications

Improve air quality across the US? How? By repealing the Clean Power Plan? You’re going to kill people with Asthma. I cannot believe you’re going to allow this BS & let people suffer by polluting our air! You don’t care! You don’t care about our lives, health or environment.

Judge agrees with AG Ferguson that EPA violated the Clean Air Act by delaying air quality standards for ground-level ozone pollution – another successful outcome in a case that has not yet resolved. Ruling: http://agportal-s3bucket.s3.amazonaws.com/uploadedfiles/Another/News/Press_Releases/2018%2003%2012%20Order%20Granting%20Summary%20Judgment.pdf … Case background: …
America hates you
So, that’s $20,000/bus?  Where do I sign up to rip off the EPA with buses?
Trump EPA dissolves program that studies chemicals effects on children #MAGA 
you should be in JAIL......how do you live with yourself you POS .....
That’s great Scott,but a bigger issue is your revocation of a ban on a toxic chemical by Dow that causes brain damage in kids. Dow gave a Million $ to trump, then you met w/them & reversed the ban
I have to quote James Baldwin “I can’t Believe what you say because I see what you do.”
Instead of cleaning up old crap, how about replacing with cleaner technology? But that’s not your focus, you crook
I agree. EV school buses are available on the market. The cost is much higher than $20k, but how about giving those a try? Wait, maybe the current administration isn’t interested in promoting EVs.

What's your cut of this amount? Who has bribed you and how much did you ask for?
So much for you anglers to look forward to @SecretaryZinke
So you'll award a pittance to retrofit school busses but not fight coal slurry from power plants? Fight against preventing climate change? You are a a terrible human being.
$20K per bus!  Seriously?  This is f’d up!  Uber would be cheaper.

If you want to clean up the air, perhaps you can start with dirty fossil fuels that are destroying our land. Renewable energies are the future & you're still living in the past.


That's $20,000 per bus
http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-pruitt-secrecy-20180302-story.html … How do you sleep at night working to this level of corrupt insanity? Do you wake up excited to help poison people's drinking water for profit? Any thoughts on renaming the agency to Earth Poisoning Assholes?
Since when are you interested in improving air quality?!?!
You don’t say anything about all the pipeline leaks or how we are going backwards on air pollution

Your job is to protect OUR environment, not act as an agent for businesses working to avoid enforcing environmental laws to protect their profits at our expense.
But let's continue to have backroom, closed door meetings to special interest & pollute the water.


Please act. Fames are restricted to farm because environs are keeping salamanders on the endangered list ,pls take them off.  They are not endangered -they eat other endangered species. Pls help the farmers.
Taking credit for a 15-yo project undertaken under CAA that Diesel mfg lobbied against, that GOP controled states sued (Pruitt as OK AG) the EPA over. Now Pruitt takes credit for the awards. Like to know who was awarded?
450 buses? Gutting the agency @EPAScottPruitt is supposed to be leading, dismantling the Clean Power Plan and crowing about buses???
@EPA Ok this is a good thing. Started 15 years ago but at least it wasn’t eliminated.  I do applaud you for that. But... political payback? 104 awards to red states and 42 to blue states.  I know blue actually care about air quality so maybe they didn’t need the $..seems fishy
You are a FRAUD just like your leader not mine
Red team blue team climate debates killed off because guess what you’d be wrong and you’d look stupid. As opposed to just being sneaky, disingenuous and paranoid.
what are you going to use to get the gum off the seats? just asking...that's $20,000 per school bus. who gets the contract? Your brother-in-law?
We don't even have busing in my  kids' district.

However, my kids are clearly aware of how ignorant it is to ignore #ClimateChange and keep increasing the production and use of coal, oil, and gas.

#BeInconvenient
#EarthDayEveryDay 
#RenewableEnergy
1) @EPAScottPruitt ignoring Flint water crisis & has repealed our clean water rule to allow toxic @DowDupont @Monsanto etc. to dump and pollute our waterways/drinking water. You'll go to prison for intentionally putting our families health/lives in danger.
2) Now, the heartbreaking data is starting to come in. It was recently reported that between 2013 and 2017, the portion of Flint’s third-graders who tested as proficient in reading at grade level fell from 41.8 percent to 10.7 percent.
As long as you keep insulting everyone’s intelligence by suggesting that you are anything but an anti-environmental activist working on behalf of petroleum producers, then nobody is going to believe your bullshit.
Your home-state Oklahoma not included since they only use their school buses 4 days a week.
About the same amount that the oil industry has paid you in recent years. 8.7million$ Mr. #PublicEnemyNo2 for all these schools, are you serious?
$20k per bus...what exactly does that get them?
450 buses ...only 32 states? THERE ARE OVER 500 THOUSAND SCHOOL BUSES IN THE US!! 

Source: http://www.newgeography.com/content/004801-school-buses-americas-largest-transit-system …
450 Clean bus vs letting 10k glider trucks on the road. No one is fooled by your deceptions.
Cool, will that counterbalance the filthy water they’ll be swimming in this summer thanks to you? #NotMyPresident #pruittissatan
Scott: Is this a joke? You prankster you. 

I thought you were really bragging about spending the change you found under the sofa cushions at the EPA.  I mean, surely, you wouldn't try to parade a 8.7 m tune up job as your magnum opus to the American public, right?
Also @EPAScottPruitt: "We've proposed an EPA budget that slashes cleaner school bus diesel grants to all 50 grants by nearly $50 million, an 80% cut from current funding. My previous tweet is an innovative way to distract from that reality." https://www.epa.gov/sites/production/files/2018-02/documents/fy-2019-congressional-justification-all-tabs.pdf … … (page 523)
Retrofit?!?  Of course, why would I think you would try to reduce diesel and make a significant improvement. 
You're trying to make oil last longer.  Wonder who that benefits?
#crookedPruitt
Everyone benefits 
If they're publicly owned perfect...but otherwise it should be contractors responsibility to bring buses up to standards. Contractors will hit taxpayers twice...taking grants from EPA then upping contract costs locally...we've seen this nag run and it never wins
I will just leave this here. Truly a testament for your caring about children.
most hates man in America. Even second to the big D
Congradulation Mr Pruitt
you rock! great work.
Really. Based on junk science he also is planning to allow 10,000 more glider trucks on the roads of America which will do far more to damage kids health.
