History will record Obama and Kerry as relentless enemies of #Israel http://bit.ly/2hu6E1r  
Israel is committing genocide on Palestinians
your meme is deceiving. How many are Jewish, Christian, Muslim.  It is the Muslims you want to dehumanize.
hitler said the same about Jews
then tell the Israelis to GIVE BACK MY $34BILLION!!!!
doesnt explain why we allow Israel to be a beneficiary of US welfare.
if Israel wants weapons, let them purchase them with funds they provide, like any other customer.
I'm against all foreign welfare to nations that dont need it, including the Palestinians
Why do you think former PM Ehud Barak praised Kerry's speech? Is Barak uninformed? Traitor?
yeah, tell Ehud Barak to his face he's a Kapo. I think you'd regret it.
NO! YOU ARE WRONG!
the vote was 14 to 0. The World is against the regime in Israel. Accept that and encourage BN to made changes.
Cruz cares about himself. Just that. Himself.
Are you saying he's wrong? Let's not abandon the larger perspective on Israel just for spleen venting https://twitter.com/BritBranwell/status/814282450520211456 …
Saying Cruz is not trustworthy; that he'll say anythng ifit advances his personalgain. He gave us reasons to be wary of him
It's ridiculous to reply to his excellent comment on Israel to attack him. Looks like you have Cruz Derangement Syndrome
please stop the disloyalty to Israel! We need to stand with them or God will judge us.
The victims have turned into the victimizer.   The settlements are a direct contradiction to the 2 state solution.
You are the most bitter clinger. There is something so wrong with you that you couldn't LISTEN.
Cruz demonstrates his demagoguery over and over
History will record Ted Cruz as spineless sycophant. What did Trump say about your wife and father?
Thank you for being the voice America is feeling over this now. We are horrified too, this is a disgrace. #StandwithIsrael
as long as money flows to them. You do know our tax dollars pay for Israeli abortions
the most anti-Israel administration in my life time, God Bless Israel
Important response to Obama and Kerry's attempt at paving the way for the destruction of Israel.  Cruz is right, as usual.
My wife and I visit Israel every January 11th. I'll be praying extra hard tonight. #MAGA
- The #Obama Admin is showing up like squatters that not only don't want to leave, they want to wreck the place on the way out!
To you history will know you as nothing but a loser.Would not even stick up for your http://family.You  sold out
Sir, i haven't agreed with you a lot for a long time, however u hit nail in center and i agree u!
Blaming Palestinians for the Holocaust. "This is a war between two people. The Palestinian people. Why? They started." -Shaked

You are not America. You will never be America.
I am furious! Congress needs to boot OBAMA out before he causes a war
we are Americans netanyahu takes our money and craps on America
give em Hell Teddy, they are both idiots.
thank you Senator. Proud you are from Texas. I'm utterly speechless at what O has done. He is a Pathetic, weak &hate filled man
They can't be that stupid.  Pay to play?  Follow the money.
#TedCruz #UnitedStates stands with you and our great ally #Israel, + against disgraceful hacks #BarackObama + #JohnKerry
amen Senator Cruz
You follow this guy.
History will record that you sold our country out by backing a man you knew was a monster because he had an "R" next to his name
It just continues! Destruction of the voters hopes!
brilliant statement.
Maybe but history will show you are an enemy to America. Holding her/us back with your limited ignorant ways and ideas. Sad!
Standing with Israel.  Rejecting Obama.
#youlie I suppose Ronald Reagan was a relentless enemy of Israel too?
Do some homework. 
#gop #dnc #POTUS #fearmonger
......bendeciré a los que te bendigan .....maldeciré a los que te maldigan ....
how many countries does Obama want to #%*+ up before he leaves office. Iraq-Syria-Libya-Afghanistan-USA it's just Israel turn  ?
friends don't continue to enable reckless behavior
he does
Oh, what - did you think he was supposed to abdicate last February, like with the Supreme Court? #TwoStateSolution
you should run for PM of Israel Ted as you seem to care more about them than the USA

how much are they paying you Ted??
We really are.  How can Obama and Kerry get away with this? Where are all of you?
tell some more PROPAGANDA!
lol, propoganda comes from hacks and embarrassments #BarackObama #JohnKerry
@potus is a joke, and a hater of America.  Impeachment is justified, but House/Senate won't due to fear of being called names
#free #democrat #secular #Iran is friend with all countries as well we support #PrinceRezaPahlavi 
#MyCountry #MyFlag
: U are sick sir. U need to get ur brain checked
why do you support Israel, but rail against the USA? You're an unpatriotic person. Get out of government!
Thank you Ted for your solid stance on this issue. USA will stand firm
Now is the time for you who we elected, Do you job and have them arrested and make them accountabile.
Or, Or, one could put it in the vernacular and just say Kerry & Obama are pretty much dip S##ts.
is that a fact?
I'm so mad I could spit fire.
God says that whoever touches Israel touches the apple of His eye.. Zechariah 2:8. Kerry,Biden,Obama not a very smart move 
Thank you senator Cruz. You are what we call a "true friend"
lying ted,all your tweets are all lies
love you Senator Ted Cruz!
Why do you defend Israel to a fault?
