Why is your right to own a gun specifically designed to kill people as efficiently as possible greater than my right to live?
false narrative dude. Doesn't violate your right to life. Murderers do that @SenTedCruz
People use those guns to kill people. Not people who are criminals, but regular people. When will I be the next victim?
you're scared of the gun that is used in less than 2% of gun murders.
Then why do you need that gun for self defense? Why do you need that gun other than to kill people wholesale?
millions of ar-15 in millions of homes that have never killed anyone. Your "kill wholesale" is a fallacy
Why have those gun? Why does anyone need a gun designed to kill people as efficiently as possible?
It's not about what you think someone needs
Are u conceding here that u are, indeed, a terrorist? Because *those* are the only hands anyone is seeking to keep guns out of.
really?
u're citing opinion pc 2nd-guessing what ppl r actually thinking when they say... Got anything more definitive? @SenTedCruz
Obama cheerleading Australia's confiscatory policies.
It seemed more a statement of fact but not once suggested that law-abiding citizens turn in lawful guns. @SenTedCruz
were you a gymnast once upon a time? Because your mental gymnastics is incredible. Well done!
One more time, with feeling - what suggested legislation has advocated for confiscating all guns from everyone? @SenTedCruz
Proposed GA House Bill 731 requires confiscation. Again, I know my shit. You're stuck in your own narrative.
11 good guys w/ guns couldn't stop 1 bad guy w/ a gun from shooting 100+ ppl...how many ppl could bad guy WITHOUT gun have shot?
Wrong....whether there are laws or not they will always get and have guns. They don't just disappear!
We can't stop everyone from running thru stop signs or red lights & causing accidents either, but they're still a good idea.
@JoeC1776 voice in the wilderness. warned US about those -even in his own party- who could not be trusted to preserve our rights
You like Rights but Gun Nuts fear and hate Responsibility.  33,000 killed last year for your pathetic hobby.
you're making wrong case. How many were murdered by legitimate owner of a gun? btw 33K is 3x actual
And we defeat you by turning Texas blue!! #registertovote #VoteBlue #UniteBlue #filibuster #gunsense #DomesticTerrorism
Talk about a miracle for Texas! @sterlace_fran @SenTedCruz
Congress would also save $ on "Depends"
I find it Shameful that these people actually run our govt. Thats a scary thought
.@SenTedCruz You don't defeat terrorism by keeping terrorists off planes. You defeat terrorism by flying other planes into terrorist planes.
@Dserayes Taking away guns = rewarding Mateen.
This type of reward system will encourage even MORE terrorists. #rewardingMateen
WAKE UP AMERICA either we destroy them or they destroy us WAKE UP AMERICA
you don't defeat mass shootings by giving terrorists easy access to assault rifles, genius.
No maybe not but you also don't stop them by taking them out of the hands of the people either genius
On the show All In The Family, Archie Bunker said if you want to end highjackings give everyone a gun when they get on a plane.
Again, as The Japanese knew, in WW2, behind every blade of grass...
#Enough. It is time for gun legislation now. Ban military style weapons.
If you want a ban then leave.
dat you??
You don't let people on the no fly list buy automatic and/or high powered guns! Vote for common sense gun control.
would you say the same if your daughter was in that club? #DisarmHate
@SenTedCruz
Yes the only way to stop suicide bombers is more suicide bombers. The only way to stop school shootings is more school shootings
@CattHarmony Thank you Senator Cruz. It's good to know we have someone representing us who's level headed and clear minded
If officials walk with heavily armed crew to protect them, why can't the People be heavily armed?
#2A
No one is taking away guns from law abiding people! You are part of the major problem!
not according to many of the loudest commentators on the left. https://twitter.com/dylanmatt/status/743439660324622337 …
also:
I hope u never lose a family member/friend to gunfire - cuz that would destroy u and I don't think ur #money would like that
BACKGROUND CHECKS for all!!
"boogey boogey boogey, terrorism!"
this party u call GOP has betrayed us, I don't have words clean enough 2 tell u &. repubs how disgusted my friends, fam., & I r
Don't you think it should be more difficult for terrorists and deranged individuals to buy guns?
@MissSelfDefense 1 word, Garland.
@PatHartNY   The Republicans have to rescind what they said.
PLEASE WATCH THIS MOVIE
it's 9 yrs old BUT POWERFUL
This Explains The * INTENT of islam On The WORLD

https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=4225&v=dytL0a5YePw …
My rite to defend myself supercedes your sacredness of guns your crying libtard sheep! Love ya Ted
Who asked you? Buh-bye.
You don't defeat terrorism by selling suspected terrorists guns over the counter either.  It's called common sense!
@KBDPHD excellent strategy. Kill everyone. Then there will be no left for the terrorists to kill.
@kevincorke I agree!!! Very well said by Ted Cruz!!! Have to ID problem & then present solutions to problem. Easy!!!
As a Texan I support pending gun control legislation. As TX senator, you vote Yes on expanded background checks & no fly/no buy!
No one suggests taking away people's guns, you know that's a lie! Why are you lying? We are going to VOTE YOU OUT in 2018!
lol really though. [citation needed]
@kelliwardaz ban democrats 95% gun violence gone
.@SenTedCruz that's the job of the military and law enforcement They've got guns AND training that you and fellow ammosexuals don't #GOPFail
Finally, a little bit of common sense!
That's seriously stupid
No where in the 2nd Amendment does it say that Americans have the right to own assault weapons. So glad I don't live in Texas.
Your thought process goes from "Oh! Another massacre!" straight to "Yaaaayyy! Pew! pew!pew!", dunnit?
Also: SO great that the terrorists are ALSO aloowed to buy and use "our" guns! With impunity!
Asshole.
@kelliwardaz the NRA is not a branch of the government
@kelliwardaz don't arm terrorists
@kelliwardaz ban military assault weapons for civilians. Close the loopholes
You're Canadian, you should believe in gun laws.
as TRUMP Our Prez 2B Sez: "SLEAZY"
LOVE IT! YOU'RE AWESOME! Only the BEST belong on THE TRUMP TRAIN
when are you going to stop
@kelliwardaz awe
@SenTedCruz
.@SenTedCruz are they shipping you off to the Middle East to defeat terrorism? (Please say yes.)
Do you really think you are helpful using the phrase "taking away our guns" ???   PLEASE.  We need honest mature discussion!
.@SenTedCruz You want our country to turn into a war zone? Where we have shoot outs with fellow Americans? I dont want that. I really dont.
.@SenTedCruz What a legacy youll be leaving behind... with statements like this, youve got blood on your hands.

Spoken like a true Albertan. #cdnpoli #Orlando
one defeats terrorism by not let them into one's home. Why is congress still funding flow of dangerous refugees into U.S.?
Is this a thought, or a prayer? Just so we're clear which one you're doing as an excuse to not actually fix anything.
what does your friend Kevin Swanson think?
you know that a lot of women think a man who has to have a pistol in his pocket has needs other than protection?
what’s the point in living in a modern civil society if one has to carry a gun at all times to defend one’s own life?
You're no Ronald Reagan http://www.nytimes.com/1991/03/29/opinion/why-i-m-for-the-brady-bill.html …
"We can dry up the supply of these guns, making them less accessible to criminals,” Mr. Reagan declared.
<@JimLWeaver1 ~ Amen Sir~√
If this country were serious about terrorism, it would go after the NRA.
name one time this has happened.
Thank you Senator. I am still fighting the good fight. U should be next @POTUS #Protector of Constitution
you still here?
You don't stop terrorism by giving terrorists guns. You stop it by making sure they can't arm themselves.
-who took your guns?  How awful!  How many did they take?  Who, exactly, were you going to shoot had they not been stolen?
That is the dumbest thing you've ever said. Only a moron who also never served in the military would think that way.

If people were constantly being attacked by wolves the solution wouldn't be more wolves
eye for an eye, isn't it Teddy boy? You and The Donald are spooning aren't you? Please stop talking and delete your Twitter acct
how many civilians have killed terrorists with guns?
This has escalated to the point that people think there is a constitutional right to not have to reload mid-massacre. #Enough
Says the guy who lost out the Republican ticket to a loudmouth bigot with no political experience. Your opinion means nothing.
You don't defeat it by allowing terrorists to buy guns
You really are the Zodiac killer.
@SenTedCruz
this tweet is a good example of why no one likes you.
Correction sir:  You don't defeat terrorism by taking away our guns. You can  reduce terrorism by taking away their guns.
Q:  how many deaths by semi automatic guns were PREVENTED by citizens w such guns?  I will wait for your answer  @SenateDems
We can defeat mass murder by taking "your" guns away. I know; you only use them to cook bacon.
@SenTedCruz
how does that statement translate to policy?
Let's think about our children. A no vote to background checks is BLOOD on YOUR hands. Safe lives, vote yes!!
.@SenTedCruz  Another rhinestone cowboy hear from.  Stick to duck hunting, Ted.  Ducks don't shoot back.
If they cast you in a western, you'd be the equivalent of Billy Bob Thornton in Tombstone.
Just shut up fake Dr. Seuss
I think your actually a coward
but I thought guns don't kill people??
this is the single stupidest thing you've ever said.  #Enough
but what practical reason does someone need an A15 just chilling in their house for? Kill spiders? Use a shoe
"Ideas are bulletproof." Terrorism is an idea. You can't kill it with a gun. You can't defeat it with bullets.
.@SenTedCruz how much did you get from the NRA again?
Using them on who? Terrorists? Is that why we're so safe now after wars in Iraq and Afghanistan?
...but only after said terrorism (or some random guy with a grudge) has killed several dozen people.
Zodiac wants his weapons. You're not even hiding it anymore.
it's time... VP Cruz
.@SenTedCruz By ignoring the will of most Americans (& most gun owners) you & the GOP are complicit in the shootings. #DisarmHate
I've been shooting terrorism non-stop and nothing's changed!! Quick! Send me your thoughts and prayers!!
@SenTedCruz
you can stop gun shooters by taking away their guns.
How is that dumb argument working for you ?
@kevincorke Wow. In a word, wow.
Take away military style guns! #Enough #MakeItStop
Can you define "military style" guns?
AR-15 for one.
Any others?  Why that one? Can you tell me why its "military style"?
this sounds pretty biblical.
That only shows how ignorant, short-sighted and narrow-minded you are. Education is the key to defeating terrorism, not guns.
@brooklinegirl  Truth
it all makes sense now:
Why are you still talking?  Nobody gives a shit what you have to say. #DoYourJob #makeitstop  the people have spoken.
Is it going to take a march on Capitol Hill to get these lazy, NRA bought buffoons to #doyourjob Game On!
and running a campaign not hindered by political correctness
what if a good guy with a gun had stopped you from committing the Zodiac murders?!
Then suit up and head on over to join our soldiers. Don't forget your guns!
His guns were purchased legally!
@CrazyHanSolo Absolutely AGREE. . Defeat terror WITH GUNS, NOT BY REMOVING. .
So, you think that every Man, Woman, and Child should be heavily armed ? Yep, the NRA runs Congress
Are you a convicted felon or a suspected terrorist, because that's who wouldn't be able to buy a gun.
NO ONE IS TRYING TO TAKE AWAY YOUR GUNS YOU ASS
But...terrorists are using our guns. 

You didn't think this through very well. Go away.
WWJD?
well said
You are truly lost in the ozone.
#DeleteYourAccount
Say that!
I think it would be best for everyone if you listened to all the national voters who don't support you & fade into obscurity.
No, you defeat terrorism by taking away everyone's guns, you tit
Oh, do SHUT UP! We are not a nation of the WILD WEST. We shouldn't have live like it either. The FF didn't envision assault guns
Really Ted. Time 2 grow up, who exactly do u use your guns on, every "imagined" terrorist who don't look the way u want? #asshat
hey jackass, the civilian population doesn't need semi-automatic guns to defend against terrorism.
you're literally the worst.
.@SenTedCruz Funny, no one saw you in #OrlandoNightclubShooting stopping terrorism w your gun. You musta been in the bathroom.
Guns only kill if they are used for their intended purpose. #Merica
Delete your account!
so your solution is to kill the people who kill people first to prove that killing people is wrong? Such logic...
Answering violence with violence only results in more lives lost. #enough with the illogical arguments about guns.
you going to hunt down and kill all non Christians?
for a smart guy, sometimes your not very smart.
never forget that you are really Canadian
Actually history proves otherwise over and over. It's a wonderful fantasy that we can exterminate them all, but it never works.
Shouldn't you be reading Green Eggs and Ham?
@SenTedCruz
why have none of the mass shootings been stopped by a civilian who owned a gun? Maybe because they are no match against an AR...
The Zodiac has spoken. 
said the man with no military service
some of us have more screws in them than others making it a bit more catch22 with our body feeling the forces.
= Rambo!!
So misguided and childish.
You don't make people healthy and productive by taking away their health care. You help them get health care.
Got any real world examples where that's worked? IRA: was brought to the political solution by talking..

Your turn
you have a powerful motto but it makes me hurt in my shoulders to think about exercises to get excellent No easier way to learn,
thank you for arming domestic terrorists. That is so helpful- to your bank account. I support the #filibuster
you couldnt defeat a reality TV host with bad hair. That's the only defeat you are acquainted with.
You are owned by the NRA, cooked any bacon lately?
I am so glad that you will never be president.
You've tried nothing and that hasn't worked, so we should just give up.
How’s that working out for you, Skippy?
bank account running low, Ted? Need another paycheck from the @NRA
