I am sure your name carries so much clout. LOL #LyingTed
why not do something to help people? You must think of nothing but guns and killing, there are other things to being a senator!
.@SenTedCruz Our 1st amendment rights are also being censored by politicians 
making back room deals with corporations. @LiveFreedomOrDi
I'm voting for Trump, I don't know if you noticed but your crew defamed Trump's wife first and he shot back! U 2 cut the crap
you are not a man of your word so go home and shut up
.@SenTedCruz YOU THINK U can do something that would impress me after EVERYTHING U've said & done? U have NO HONOR! Crawl back under UR ROCK
You sir are NOT honorable...proved to the world you truly are #Lyin'Ted
Blowout: Ted Cruz vs. Diane Feinstein and the 2nd Amendment https://youtu.be/Bzb9Hs2SmfQ 
all these libs in DC are a joke, they don't care a/b our rights, everyday they looking for excuses and backdoors
I used to like you! You destroyed yourself just like Rubio!
Thank you,Senator Cruz, for your hard work and perseverance in fighting for our God given freedoms every day. God bless you!
Thank YOU Senator Cruz for fighting for our rights &defending our Constitution every day.PROUD 2have YOU in US #senate #CRUZCREW
U R FINISHED! Not supporting the Republican NOMINEE after he extended the olive branch 2 speak will not be forgotten! LYIN TED
How about spending some time making sure that Hillary Clinton is not elected President?
great job on this !!  Now keep your word and don't be a liar like Hi'liar'y, Support Trump and the GOP.
@RestoreHistory lot of good it will do you if that hag is elected. Do the right thing and endorse trump
I really find it hard to believe Ted Cruz has worked with anyone. It's either his way or no way. No compromise Ted....
Sonshine!
Trump was right  you are lying Ted. Support  the nominee!
because why would you work to protect people when you can protect NRA GOA JPFO and gun makers
he is.  By protecting gun owners he protects people.
we should have a public nationwide vote on guns
remember, it was public referenda that decided LGBTQs cant get married.   Should same sex marriage be illegal too
#Thankyou
KEEP UP THE JUST WORK!!!  I hope u can keep it together until we are done making HISTORY & are ready to do the right thing!
how about you do something to reign in Hitlary. This thing is so much bigger than your hurt feelings
how about you keep your pledge to support Trump
yes, more guns in schools.
no one thinks there is federal overreach on the second amendment. Please refocus your energy on doing the most good #Texas
Abusive over-reach? That's a total crock & little felito Cruz knows it.  What is beyond the Pale?  His gross exaggerations!
stop the internet transfer to the UN!! Don't allow Obama to push through that climate change hoax!!
can't trust that you would Ted. Trump was disrespectful but you failed to honor your commitment
@keithvlasak Will you support Mr. Trump when he becomes YOUR next President?? Whining Ted
@realDonaldTrump until Ted Cruz endorses Trump as Promised, I will no longer contribute my money or time to any of his elections
reason we need to keep Ted in office!!!
we on Texas stand tall with you.  These trolls need to go
@GOPdiva how about saving the internet before September, when China takes over?
Text too small to read.
You got John Cornyn? Must be an election coming up!
While kids and other innocents are shot to death. Nice going, Teddy. You must like being a Dark Soul.
It'd take more than just Presidential say-so to destroy 2A. I will no longer vote 4 U.
keep up the good fight, sir! Thank you
really wish you would help Trump, all you guys!
U better start helping Trump if u dont want HRC killing the 2nd amendment
good job
how about stopping the refugees and standing up to obama
Always good to know.
As a constituent, when are you going to fix the VA. I have an idea!  I sent it to your office and nada.
@SenCoryGardner I didn't see your name here next to @SenTedCruz .... why not?

SALUTE
nice job getting some Rinos on that list too!
i know for a fact if Hillary win 2016 i will vote for her in 2020 to fight against you. #TrumpPence2016
why are you so dishonest?
This means zip...you've signed the line b4 ? @SenatorSessions

Your signature means nothing!  You also signed a pledge that you did not follow!  Lyin Ted!  #NeverCruz
the Congress gave responsibility to the exec& judicial branches of government. Exec uses regs to make law& judicial interpret
congress is now a do nothing group that steals from America & names post offices. There are now only two beaches of gov thanks
what ever you do doesn't matter because laws are not enforced by exec branch & congress could care less.
Go name a post / street

traitor to the Republican cause. Switch to the Democrat side.
Do you guys actually accomplish anything other than bitching and moaning? Zero accomplishments.#CruzLose
Never POTUS u committed political suicide at the convention. TX voters should be a check on you!!
Hope you can say the same when someone YOU KNOW is hurt
Can you guys stop Obama from handing control of the Internet over to the U.N.???  Please help!!!
I have No respect for people who go back on there word. I'm surprised at you. I guess honor isn't important to you.
Cruz did not"go back on" his word. There was no agreement when Trump backed out first. Cruz is honourable!
he signed a pledge he would support the Nominee. He broke his word

we remember how @HillaryClinton & @BarackObama joined our #AmyKlopetters aka @amyklobuchar joined 2 try to punish @rushlimbaugh

LOL!!! The guys a bum. We can see you wear rose colored glasses. Keep Drinking that Kool-Aid. Thanks for the LOL
Lyin Ted.
Lyin Ted
So does this mean people support the unconstitutional regulations on barrel lengths, "class 3" firearms and bore diameters?
Want to "reign it in"? STOP Hillary!!!!!!
