The man sold snake oil to the naive and became super rich from people's fear. The world is better without him.
That is an awful thing to say.  The world is not better without him.
He was an awful man who made millions of dollars from by scaring poor, religious people.  Good riddance.
sort of like the ppl making millions from selling Monster U shirts to overgrown-children? Got it! @kindacoolmom @SenTedCruz
My son loves Monsters U, and I'm taking him to Disney world, but you sound neat too.
people tripping. Nobody speak about what their  slave owners ancestors ..snaked too
I find no evidence my family owned slaves, but possible Irish ancestors were indentured servants @DarwinBrandis @kindacoolmom
This is the first I heard about his death. He lived a good long life and I'm sure it was a sweet homecoming
keep praying. Prayer for rain worked! But that has nothing tondo with final warming. Of course not. #lyingivanka
what is wrong w/ ppl bitching in response to a memoriam tweet? Have some dignity & respect. Idiots.
Did I read that correctly, ",,,have some dignity & respect idiots." Whops,  I gott that wrong?
do ppl bitching at Cruz when he tweets a memoriam deserve respect? I spoke in the only language these ferals know.
what America needs badly is a secular President.
Ted I voted and respected you. You disappointed me with your crybaby antics
Dr. LeHaye worshipped and taught at Montrose Baptist Church, Rockville, MD in the late 80s. I got to know him. Great man of God!
While your praying for them do some praying for yourself! Not a man of your word got a lil devil in you and your career is over.
why am I following this idiot?
Another misguided comment from a self-aborbed, self-important mischief maker. Do some study on who you consider a servant of God
Yeah, and let us pray that God have mercy on his soul since his books were peppered with occult symbols. http://goo.gl/we5v03 
throw in a few prayers for yourself - goldman-sachs is looming - where are the pics from the convention - lots of memories
Get out of the news ted you will never have enough votes to reach the presidency. You had you chance to be a team player.
can you help me out? need job. Huawei Nexus 6P SALE, Huawei Watch Sale, Chromebook Sale http://bit.ly/2a2ZLyi 
thanks for doing the right thing by supporting the nominee!!UR career is over!SoRhalf your supporters!!Good luck working W Trump
Forget about politics! I donated to you and you had your pride get in the way at the RNC convention. You need to endorse Trump!
I love Ted Cruz!
go away Cruz.  You got nothing
you lost my vote and respect, Ted.
Go back to Canada
Weasel face Ted and his haggard wife.
...and we are praying for you and your family, as well, Senator.
lyin ted his word means zero
Good people who did good work. Definitely need more like them.
I know people are mad about Cruz not endorsing, but please show some respect. This is a memoriam tweet.
are you "pledging" to pray for him or are you really going to?
vote for trump
What a great guy. My family and I will pray for him.
. I want to thank you for your run for president. So glad you didn't endorse. I like to show my kids what principled politics is.
@Miss_Karizma89 Sorry Ted, I don't know this person, but, I know God is Holding him
We are done with you senator.  Now go away!
you sir are a traitor and cannot be trusted! You will never have my vote
I never agreed with what Trump said about you.  I WILL partly blame you if Hillary wins.  Please help save our country!
That's your answer to everything prayer! Dose not make you a good human being or christian! Why not do something for the people? @SenTedCruz
@SenTedCruz
@CruzNewsLive Loved his books. Collected entire series. He will be missed.
you should pray for your career. Traitor.
You lost to this.
Smh.
Trump must be stopped now. Vote Hillary!
.  You really let us down. Are you really wishing for Hillary over Trump?
Pray all you want to, but Bro Lahaye reached heaven by believing on the Lord Jesus Christ as his Savior. HUMILITY is the key.
WHO the FUCK are you???!
Endorse the Libertarian Gary Johnson. -    http://johnsonweld.com 
you gave your word Ted, I have always supported you! No more, you have damaged your political future beyond repair!
unless you change your first name to "Senator" this Twitter handle won't be relevant after your reelection bid. #SoreLoser
lying ted
Keep your word. #EndorseTrump
Praying with and for you Senator.
@tomesimpson Ted, you had your chance and you blew it. Your OCD ruined your political future.
Oh ouch that really Berned.
Excuse me, Ted was stupid. Not dead. Though he did kill his political career. Let's not forget how this started.
gag
Religion: relying on the next life being perfect by giving up all the good things in this life. Fucking idiots.
you turned out to be a real big disapointment
it's unfortunate that pride and stubbornness got in the way with you not getting behind #Trump.
He had great foresight.
When?
Teds tweet is not there
Cruz needs to be true to his word if he wants to use our GOD as a reference!
Your god is Orange
There is only one God and no other gods.
I know that but Trumptards worship the orange god and love hearing his name
Sad to tell you how wrong you are, madam.
then why do they think Cruz wasn't talking about Trump when he gave a list to look for in a candidate?
Politics has been killed by the insider games. No politician truly trusts him. DJT threatens their $-raising cheating
Ha! He's part of the corruption in Washington! Outsider? Bahahahaa
You're a Sellout
SACK OF DOG SHI+
Must have learned manners from trump.
his writings touched my life may God be with his family.
I was behind you now Im in front of you.A man of his word...I liked you now I pray for you.
#yElectrictyAquaBillMustBeApplied #choochootrain231 @ParisHilton
the
