@peddoc63 http://www.theamericanmirror.com/audio-glenn-beck-brad-thor-discuss-patriot-assassinating-donald-trump/#more-13830 … R U still proud 2 B supported by Stabby The Clown Beck? Now puts on a guy who wants 2 kill DJT
@bcwilliams92   He should be FIRED!!!
Sorry Sen Cruz,  that buffoon should be fired , no pension. Congress do your job,  take back your authority.
I fully agree
U have voted against legislation to help veterans. Are you resigning Ted or just changing your position like you did on amnesty?
voted against legislation full of pork. Do research. Why can't they come up with simple, common sense legislation?
I think it's because it has become a path to wealth w/lifetime pensions.  LEECHES!
Good thing Cruz is for term limits. Maybe we will see him introduce this soon.
probably not for himself, Susie.  He's not always honest, as Texans have found out.
@Psalm11813 Absolutely-if TSA chief has 2 resign over long lines/demeaning #veterans is cause 4 immediate dismissal IMO!
As should any congress people who shirk their jobs like TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz and not give Healthcare Vouchers to stop Veterans dying.
and you should just shut the shell up, you should resign, you've failed as a presidential candidate and as a senator#LYINGTED
Oh look...somebody is "Feelin the Bern". Smoke ur blunt and calm down. 
.@SenTedCruz shutting down gov, defunding Fed services, pushing ideological hatred show utter lack of respect for vets. You Should Resign
You sound like a big gov liberal, must be supporting trump. Shutting gov a good thing!
.@funy_farm LOL and u sound like someone talking (typing) out of ur ass! Shutting government down is, by definition, TREASON
Ignorant fool! #Clueless
Ted just go back to your obscurity and remain a Footnote in history. Let the relevant politicians handle this one. See ya Pal
You mean loser trump. A complete disaster. Sad
Trump will be more effective for our country than Ted Cruz could ever be In fact when he is President I will remind U
ROFL. He will lose in a landslide. What a disgraceful candidate, but keep drinking the kool-aid.
Susie I love your fear, Ted had the same fear in his desperate last days, it was justified by his gigantic failure
Trump train fits you like a glove. Uneducated fools with no clue about constitution. Lyin Donald 24/7. #NeverTrump
Oh by the way if you think Harvard law is uneducated then who is confused. Constitution is your challenge to me?  Ha!
From a Veteran 
https://www.gofundme.com/22me5p8 
@SenTedCruz
@WarriorsHart444 he is a disgrace
@dennygirltwo  l 
#ChooseCruz
#AlwaysCruz
#CruzCarly2016
#WriteinCruz2016
#FreeTheDelegates

#NeverTrump
#BoycottTrump
still around huh? Shouldn't you be hiding under a rock as you are the most despised person in the US.lost trump? Lol.
@jjauthor And publicly hang him self
@WendyDamron Heck,Ted, if everyone in the administration who should resign did resign, who'd be left? Bo, the dog?
comeback to the  GOP nominations  race. I vote 4 u in the  race. I getting  sick of  donald  trump
Sen Ted,you were my last hope...
@RonNehring get Humble back Trump!  Get over it!
@RonNehring Actually, he should be fired.
@WritingInCruz I disagree; the man is patriot.He used comparison familiar 2most ppl;if wait times reducd to 3-5days its Fabulous
Keep calm and continue to pander to Tea-bagger minded folks. #loser
hey Teddy this says a lot about what you and your buddies think of our veterans
And for the record? You were my second choice through the entire campaign. Bring this Trans filth up at the Convention. Please
Senator I am a Trump supporter. I still look to you, to make sure this transgender filth does not happen in TX or OK! It's foul
Have you anything positive to say...ever?  You really bum me out sometimes.  Cheer up Ted.
hey A$$hat you shut down the government for no good reason maybe you should resign too
nonsense, @tedcruz should resign for being a #loser
@prgalvan I agree with Ted on this issue Totally ridiculous and inept analogy by the Secretary who probably never saw combat!
. My daughter works at the VA and has the upmost respect for every patient! Looks like McDonald should work at McDonalds!
no doubt he shouldn't have said that, apologize intensely yes, But step down? Btw Disney closely monitors its line wait time...
I agree! The GOP needs to push him out!
rape victim needs to respect rapist when reporting rape? No wonder inmates are raped. Military women are raped! What's wrong w/U
@Blackdi51264299 why should he care? He gets his bonus regardless
Issue vouchers to Veterans valid in any clinic any hospital in USA to clear the backlog. Send bill to Washington DC. Pay bill.
Are you still here?
Agreed!
# termlimits for all
Support @realDonaldTrump He won't just talk about it. He'll fire the bastard.
ROFL Lied about amount raised when ducking debate, still not paid. No friend to vets!
McDonald should be fired and forced to return the 90+ bonus he received. Along with the ppl that authorized such bonus.
McDonald is following the Obama doctrine of destroying the military
I'm a combat vet and have issues the VA still makes very hard for treatment. I'll stay on employers ins. 2 deal because VA sucks
You are the one who shut down the government and cut off veteran's benefits... YOU SHOULD RESIGN..fool !!
Your remarks and voting record show disdain for the less fortunate. You should resign.
You shouldn't ask for contributions on the same page. Looks like you're only in it for the money.
is it wrong to think veterans should have 1st class health care not 2nd or worse class care?
is now worried about our #VETERANS. DIDN'T CARE ABOUT #VETS WHEN HE SHUT DOWN OUR GOVERNMENT. @TedCruz is now #IRRELEVANT #LOSER
resign my backside...FIRED! There should be consequences for bad performance. I tire of these bureaucrats getting away with 
Reminds me of Rumsfeld's remarks to soldiers in Iraq re:lack of armored HMVs: "you don't always get the army that you want"!
American Combat Veterans should have
Free access to all medical facilities in U.S.A .
I agree %
Why can't he be fired?
Congress needs to drop the " Silence Strategy " to fight TYRANNY
yup
VA should be privates
the VA is SOCIALISM, how MORE private can it get
Socialism don't work . Dismiss
VA. Combat Veterans should have access to all medical facilities in USA
Obama is worst
Obama didn't vote against all Veterans Bills like Cruz did. Every single one he voted No on. Some champion eh?
Lie! More proof trump supporters not smarter than a fifth grader!
Check for yourself. But I agree, Trump supporters are no smarter than 5th graders.
