@realDonaldTrump America should always stand with Israel!
Not EXCLUSIVELY so. You a Dominionist who wants to take it over for your prophecy? BE GONE!
Just said a prayer for the anti Israel resolution not to go thru. But remember, God is in control. No matter what.
I, as an American Christian, stand with Israel. Move the embassy to Israel's capital, Jerusalem!
Obama doesn't like us.
Nor do most US Jews.

Because you interfered with US elections in 2012? You thrive on hate  and $$$ from the USA Stop the settlements and outposts pls.
Why should USA veto that resolution, You are naive enough to think Trump will help you  do anything BUT step on top of Palestine
@Canine_Rights 
Sir, I deeply regret the malicious act President Obama perpetrated at the UN.
about time to slap the bully
You went to school w my SIL. I still detest you. You're a warmonger and perpetrator of genocide. Be still!
The US Should Not veto the Pro-Israel resolution at the UNSC today. Neither should the US abstain. It is fair and balanced.
America's greatest hope is getting closer=the new administration will TRULY unite and support Israel=God's Chosen land & people.!
God's chosen people who crucified Jesus what a great selection
praying for your country.
After the pillaging, refusal of med care, torture, abuse of Palestinian children, one can hardly blame them.
Things will get better on Jan 20th. Stay strong Israel
Why because the TRUTH HURTS! The @UN should take you to the @IntlCrimCourt and slap you behind bars for #GENOCIDE #ICC4ISRAEL
@SenTedCruz 
I hope we do, sir. I hope we do. Why can't it be postponed til Pres Elect Trump takes office?
@ReaganBattalion Just wait, BB. The grown ups are coming back to Washington and they know and respect the friend that is Israel.
The US citizens on this line are demented.
not all of us and we'll need support once Trump gets in office
To the legitimate world the so called name Israel is a myth, Palestine is fact, Jews were nomads, wonderers, face facts it true
Israel should call off its anschluss of Palestinian land and concentrate its efforts on peace. Your Lebensraum is large enough!
I stand with Israel!! I hope our country will veto this.
so u support genocide? US has always stood against such atrocities. I don't think u know what 'stand with Israel' means.
and I know exactly what standing with Israel means...I don't think you understand what NOT standing with Israel means...
come January 20th America will again have ur back. Thank you for hanging in there these past 8 years.
remember the Holocaust? Seems like your people didn't learn anything besides how to play the victims... 
#freePalestine
#peace
Buddy, it's not anti Israël, and this behaviour you showing now is damaging for Israël. What you loose when you once say ok?
I am praying they will veto!  I stand with Israel!  Love from America!
.@netanyahu What a surprise ! ^^
. @netanyahu Bon tu vois le twitto la @yosri06, tu me l'effaces.
MDR!!!!
stop committing atrocities in #Palestine. #BoycottIsrael #freePalestine   #freeGaza
No such place called Palestine.
Anymore. Once there was, it got stolen away.
The US should never again use it's Veto to protect your Zionist State crimes 

Zionist is PC for Nazi Jew
Anything we can do to help our greatest ally we should do.
kept ties with APARTHEID SA.
should be a premonition of what is going to happen to 'israel'
USA is run by Zionists,unfortunately they won't change course
It's not "anti" Israel just because it's getting in the way of another people's genocide.
Americans stand with Israel, PM @Netanyahu. I apologize that our lame duck President does not.
Who said you speak for all Americans? America preaches democracy and freedom, so America did the right thing today. #FreePalestine
Read about Aleppo, then lecture us that the problem with the middle east is Israel.
allepo is all Rusia, those crimes were committed by assad and putin.
And trump will do the same with Israel.
או״ם שמום
@tedcruz exactly sir
Don't worry; Obama is GONE in 25 days. Trump will be a great friend 2Israel. He will turn UN into luxury condos. Israel can build
yes they should.
the whole world is anti Isreal and you brought it on yourself thru repeated atrocities. Stop.begging for money
you need to wait just a little longer for a real friend to be the prez, shalom
this whole thread is based on personal perception of facts. What is the truth. Israel was given Palestine was forsaken/taken
how about we start letting peaceful humans form their own forms of civil societies?  If you want to force people to conform to
your will, you will face opposition!!!  Leave your fellow human to live by their own devices. You step on another, expect to be
faced with hostile response!   Leave me be, I will leave you be!!!!!!!
Whats the anti- Israel all about MY bro PM Netanyahu??? Know that I love both Israel and Palestine and I want you both to live
when did protecting what currently exists become synonymous with allowing for expansion?
As you know, many, many millions of Americans support Israel and oppose the UN & Obama!  
all attempts to undermine Israel will terribly fail.
I'm ashamed of President Obama
God Bless Israel !!!!!!!!
He who touches Israel touches the apple of Gods eye!
go watch the documentary #theironwall 2006! Want to educate yourself? There...go watch and then decide.
Sir, I am so sorry and so embarrassed about the way you and Israel have been treated by Obama. He is a disgrace/the worst. Trump!
Amen!
I think US needs a reminder that 2,500 people died almost immediately after their veto of this http://blog.unwatch.org/wp-content/uploads/Resolutions-and-voting-sheet-from-S-21-Gaza-UNHRC.pdf …
\Reminder,
please chill, Israel has s bright future, but we also need to be ethical & humane...
This American stands with you and the Nation of Israel. Even when our current  president won't,  we will never waiver. Shalom 
u love biting the hand that feeds u, welfare queen. Didn't the puppet Obomba raise ur military aid to continue ur barbarity satan
stop the settlements and land grabbing.   Easy peasy.
Amen!
Dump Israel.
You should give us back the $38 billion until you learn to live in accordance with international legal standards
we agree the US may let you down when convenient but INDIA will always stand by its friends We hope much closer Friendship soon
Too egoistic, too political to be able to really secure Israel's long-term peace & survival. Too stupid!!
they didn't, now you need to tell the u.n. to shove it.
Obama won't do that because he is Muslim, not Christian as he has said. Trump will when he takes office. Obama is anti USA/Israel
We should have just stayed out of the situation and not brought this up at the end of a Administration! Pray 4 U!!!
you keep saying you want peace in the area but continue antagonize others in the region. Oxymoron?
Mont morally bankrupt leader devoid of vision. New era of isolation of #Israel & #USA has begun. #NewZealand &  #Senegal did well
https://twitter.com/netanyahu/status/811745158261837825 …

@netanyahu
The US should veto the anti-Israel resolution at the UN Security Council on Thursday.
The American ppl stand with Israel; 27 days until our President does too.
look to G-d first for help & wait 25 more days! Make noise , it will wakeup the Jews & Christians in the U.S.A. God Bless you!!
Indeed! Obama pushed but Trump put a stop to it! Trump is a man of action and in the right direction @realDonaldTrump
Israel is not a friend. They are a major pain in the a$$. We are better off w/o them.
Please know most of us despise this wicked president's un-American policies. #hurryjan20
אדוני ראש הממשלה כשאנחנו מפנים יהודים מבתיהם שבנו במו ידם, יש לנו על מי להתלונן?
Yes they should have! I feel like Obama is trying to destroy the US! We have always stood with Israel! So sorry Happy he is going
I am heartsick re: the vote todayes against Israel.  I  #StandWithIsrael
We're working on that. Unfortunately, we still have an anti-Israel roadblock firmly planted until January 20th.
absolute rubbish!! You should stop building on disputed land and compromise.  The Palestinians have a right to their own state!!
U.S. should pull Israeli funding in response to your aggressive behavior. The true strength of Israeli democracy would then show
No, the right thing would have been for the USA to APPROVE the UN  resolution. You are the #1 obstacle to regional peace. Enough!
stay out of Palestine
אתה בטוח?  וגם אם מכניסים VETO, נראה לך כשר? מריח רע, אבל כשר...
a muslim obama ? u r joking!
Obama is Shameless.. @realDonaldTrump will be sworn in soon & it will be better for Israel & the U.S.A.!
the days of telling the US what to do are over With all due respect. Prepare for nuclear war with Iran.
The current UN is a complete waste of time and money! Useless in every way! Use that money for much much much better things!
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/811928543366148096 … President Elect @realDonaldTrump agrees with you PM Netanyahu
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont: https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/posts/10158338539250725 …
Your zionist beliefs are anti-Semitic. Give it up. The World, including many real Jews, rejects your religious bigotry. #BDS
Así los sionistas genocidas que pretenden pasar por encima del derecho internacional.
funny how this little nation causes so much strife with the Arab world.. hmm me thinks they know the truth...and are scared.. lol
The UN is also a swamp. Obama has done nothing but harmed both the US and World Community, especially Israel.
You have completely botched the occupation of Palestine following your military victories. START OVER.
We have always known He's anti Israel! He's a wolf in  clothing!!!
The U.S. made a HORRIBLE mistake!
Mr. Netanyahu, Genesis 12:3 still remains in effect. Our nation would do well to remember this. #IsraelIsGod'sLand

If the United States had occupied Japan and Germany the way you have occupied Palestine I would be ashamed to be an American.
The US made the right choice at the UN!
-Obama is an Enemy of the American People & USA- He does NOT represent the American People- We Love Israel- God of Israel+
filthy
God pledged that He will bless those who bless Israel and curse those who don't.
Wrong!
Who do you think you are  Telling US What to do on Twitter? You are as deranged as @realDonaldTrump
Sorry that @LindseyGrahamSC wasted your time on a phone call. He's nervous about being a private citizen again soon #draintheswamp
Hahahahahahaha!!
Bet you're wishing you hadn't come here and disrespected the president like you did.
@tedcruz 

Prime Minister, do you REALLY expect the 
KenyaKhazer to give  the  VETO   order,eh??
Just wait till Jan 20.
@POTUS Indeed. Hope they're listening!
@realDonaldTrump AGREES WITH U!
@MLKstudios @sullivankathy91 NOT GOING 2 HAPPEN BIBI-STOP THE KILLING/BOMBING/ILLEGAL EVICTIONS/KIDNAPPINGS/FREE PALESTINE NOW
BDS BIBI BDS - FREE PALESTINE/ FREE THE PALESTINIANS NOW BIBI - BDS/BIBI/IOF/IDF/ADL/AIPAC
bibi as a Jew I completely supported #obama over u Ur a manipulative sneaky & disrespectful 'partner' No gratitude for #USA
as far as I am concerned,  I will pay for one way ticket back to #Brooklyn.
if USA protect israel, give all prove USA not only contrie from corruption but suport corruption and mafia in another contries
The stain of shame will be hard to erase
@SumerSloan Should.veto Israel,period. Stop occupying please.Stop suffocating the PA,please
Mr. Prime Minister, you are a leader of such immense strength.  I admire you so much.
nope, we should abstain as usual.  Get it together, Bibi
it is expected even if they vote yes .... ever long lasting conflic makes ibrahim unhappy why you have power and kingdom giv litl
We the People who rose up & elected President Trump will Never Allow the UN to exist on OUR SOIL.Obama the Fraud made it easy Now
I agree but look who's still running the show. The guy who seems to always get it wrong.
How blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord the people he has chosen his own inheritance. Ps.33 12 God bless Israel
the UN is now officially called UN-AS united arab states or UN-ASS self explanatory
@tedcruz I do not want my tax dollars used to provide aid to Israel.
God's chosen people, God's chosen race ... What a sweet way to justify genocide
@IsraelMFA @EUinIsrael @Israel @IsraelinUSA and obstruct those who promoted in the UN a just action. We already...
Absolutely..need u to reiterate to American Jews Donald Trump is willing to work and recognize Israel...again
Interesting when you rifle through these responses and realize just how many are fake. Strong work Benji
الصموود للاقوي ياصهيوني اذا كان باستطاعتك ان تقف في مرمي نيران الجيش المصري فلنري من الاقوي ابادتك حتميه لامحاله وستعود القدس لنا
Talk to our actual president! The US President doesn't tweet foreign policy from his penthouse at 3:00am.
your are supporting hamas with your illegal settlements
Can someone explain me on what legal basis Israel rejected UN SC's resolution against #IsraeliSettlements? @netanyahu
Do you still speak jiddisch ?
When u were supposed to work with Obama during the deal to force Iran dismantle Hezbollah, u attacked a U.S. president instead!
the resolution is not anti israel. though if this resolution is vetoed the u.s. should withdraw or limit aid to israel.
"HD  'The Third Temple' Offical Trailer English.ver"
"Army bulldozers demolish four houses"
Syria rebel leader meets with Israeli deputy minister in the Knesset
"ガス室の問題　ロベ－ル・フォリソン（1）" 
Holocaust Germany nazism zionism
Israel is ruling France and Germany. Freedom of speech and freedom of learning are tied together.
Loi Gayssot (  LOI no 90-615 du 13 juillet 1990 tendant à réprimer tout acte raciste, antisémite ou xénophobe )
article 3h Verbotsgesetz 1947
Germany and France accept a Syrian victim for reason of the reflection of a holocaust. Israel refuses a victim.
oops haha.
@MyPlace4U and us Jews should vote republican
have you read about rapture is day not requires you to die
90 percent of Jews vote democratic. 93 percent Arab vote democratic go figure
so do Palestinians weirdly both vote for arseholes #Democracy
Palestinian are arabs. And you could be right
Help is on the way.  We elected @realDonaldTrump .  This vote will not stand.  Greetings from Virginia, USA!!!
.@netanyahu Perhaps Israel should follow the rule of law.
why dont you ask russia to veto? are not they your new friends? 
#UNSC
The US should veto the anti-Israel resolution at the UN Security Council on Thursday.
Well I guess you see that didn't happen.  Obama doesn't take orders from YOU!  Keep pushing & you'll be in the ME with NO ALLIES!
we'll just stop sending you billions of dollars seeing as it's so hard to reach our wallet beneath this bus you threw us under.
Wait until January 20th.
how is the resolution Anti-Israel, again?
I AM SO SORRY OBAMA DID THIS! PRESIDENT TRUMP IS COMING & WE SUPPORT ISRAEL! HOLD ON!
Start a New United Nations. The first members The USA and Israel!
סליחה על האיש הזה. שקט. 
אנא יש אמונה בעתיד עם טראמפ
The United States was created by brilliant humans who held to the fact that human nature was finite!  We all have flaws.
checks and balances for our own stupid mistakes/misgivings,  sure some humans are saints, however some are not. Cannot know and
have to guarantee that none can have absolute power, period!!!!!
NOT TO WORRY. WE NOW HAVE A REAL MAN AS OUR PRESIDENT. TRUMP WILL REPAIR AND UNDO THE EVIL OBAMA CREATED. WE LOVE ISRAEL.
we stand with Israel.
we do not stand with obama!!! We stand with Trump and Israel! 28 more days!
President Trump will not stand for this garbage!! DEFUND THE U.N.!! Nothing but a circle of Muslim child rapists and murderers!!
in UN same junkies bypass allowed in that identity frauds. Degrees no match behaviors. @CivilRights Racketeering @RussiaConnects
@BiIIMurray real question does a deer run in front of a bus? At school bus on a winding road err.™©®
@realDonaldTrump @Pontifex @POTUS @USDOTFHWA IRB ™©® we at no didn't think of it
looks like Santa™©®pawn brokerat the
created "Salvation Army" verify all.Gambler
oh well. Panhandler u see true in life it
sales goods. @FDArecalls head lice, scabies
skin disorder a cleaning issue.
this is a good thing for Israel, why are you so angry lul ?
ABSOLUTELY!
no it shouldn't. You are wrong.
The US should veto the UN, period. Permanently. :/
no the US should not. The US did the right thing by abstaining and the UN made the right call.
The majority of Americans stand with Israel!
Guess American isn't "easily moved" as you thought
Dear Prime Minister, I will always believe Israel is and always will be God's chosen people. I, as an American, stand with you.
January 21 2017 all will change. America supports Israel!
Let me reiterate that Wu-Tang Clan is for the children and Israel is for the Jewish people. Shalom, mofo's.
The @UN doesn't speak for us. @realDonaldTrump wouldn't have allowed this to happen. Let your enemies enjoy this, while they can.
We will! Chin up, Bibi! More Americans love you and Israel than you'll ever know!  Less than a month B-4 we get our country back!
They did not veto today, Friday. Now what ?
