The EPA's new methane emissions rule is one more example of executive overreach from this reckless admin http://bit.ly/1qggLrB 
@CruzinAhead just want to let you know that we are still with you along with, I'm sure, millions of others #alwaysCruz
Now U care about Texans? Where were you when Texas was flooding?
Ted Cruz it is time to make up with Mr. Trump and Make America Great Again as his V.P. We need you both to Win !
do your job in the senate, your out of the race. You should have better things to do...
we donated just about every month of your campaign. Please reconsider & blow up the GOP convention.
@geoffcaldwell Go back to Washington and do your job. Leave governing to Gov. Abbott.
GO AWAY
you are the only over reach fool the EPA methane regs and Obama are trying to save our planet while you are good with killing it
um stupid, clean energy will make new jobs that traditional energy loses. Oh and save the planet at the same time!
Another lie. Fracking and over production has led us 2 this point. Renewables r the norm elsewhere. I'd be happy 2 debate u Ted.
presidentCruz will roll back illegal and unnecessary rules Cruz still on the ballots #VoteCruz in the primaries #NeverTrump
Your position is that methane emissions are actually good for us?
trying to save "traditional" energy is anti-capitalistic. The market is deciding progressive sources. Get with it!
Reading your tweets, I realize you're needed in U.S. Senate. Cease hopeless POTUS campaign, & serve Texas & U.S. in Congress!
Not just Texans, TN power doubled in the last 2yrs! I've yet 2Ck what energy bill the Senate passed Thurs. I'd bet it's notGood
lots of methane coming out of Washington
it is for Oil and Coal in Utah too!!!
stop them and keep fighting for TX
all Republicans killed the jobs this don't care about people this country only care yourself not people. Care the riches.
you lost. No one wants to hear you. Go hide Texass somewhere and live people alone
so, you guys have the house and senate for a few more months. Why not stop funding the EPA?
oh shut up and crawl back to your hole .... Loooooooser
a.) clean energy creates jobs, you doofus b.) shut up
No, not when trying to get it is more harmful than not. Obama is a loser and the people are paying four it.
sure like dangerous fertilizer plants exploding+burning destroting homes in Texas Such a Energy Loss by Sewage Administrators.
You are right Ted! Let's eliminate all EPA rules and if people drop like flies, so be it! At least there will be jobs!
Throwback to Carter admin, @sentedcruz  That kind of leader acts like a step parent to the American population. Loyal to self but not virtue
Don't you have the slightest interest in making the planet healthy for your great great grandchildren, you human sloth?
Eduardo how much do you get from oil companies?
I hope you call Donald and let him know what is happening to Texas energy jobs
Not only on Texans; but understand your bias....  : 0 )   You still are the best man for the job..good luck
I so agree. Keep up the good work, Senator!
Very unfortunate that you'd rather pander to energy interests than work to preserve a livable Earth for your children.
I know, SCREW clean air, right?  #TedCruz
those traditional energy sources are killing people and the planet; are short term gains worth the long run costs? no
who cares what you say, you are not longer in the run for POTUS, bye bye MR. Canadian Senator-
and creating new jobs
actually, renewables are making cost go down. And what's killing oil has nothing to do with @BarackObama but #opec prod increase
When they can offer some REAL and viable solutions  we'll listen! Nothing the proposed is working.
this is something the zodiac killer would say
Traditional energy sources? Like sunlight or electricity. Go lose another election you dope!
And traditional energy sources are killing everything else. Make way for the future, you fucking caveman.
even deeper this bastard shut down the government and cost the REAL AMERICANs money we owe now. he is a Canadian banker owned --
When Trump wins he will get rid of 90% of the EPA. Democrats are such idiots
but making so many more jobs in the renewable energy sector. Sore loser
Keep up the fight Senator Cruz!  Hopefully, one day you'll be my President!
Obamacare was executive overreach to the extreme and a super job killer as well.
Not Gonna Work . teddy cruz committed Political Suicide.  How's the Bankers like ya Know?
Funny bashing Mr T  didn't work . now your back on obummer.  You Sir are a NuttSack. and a Canadian one at that,..
Clean air trumps your sponsors pockets.
War? Proving once again that you are a liar
You're Fired!
since Obama took office the cost of energy has been going down. Way down! So now trying to protect the environment for our kids.
natural gas and mountaintop removal has killed the coal jobs. Meanwhile solar jobs are flourishing. GOP= protect the donors
Glad to see you're back fighting our fight against this 'so-called' administration.  Hope you get chance to reverse from SCOTUS
Why does Obama ignore ISIS but wage war on the core of America's stability, energy?
Defund the EPA. We can have commonsense standards without having an unelected EPA body that unilaterally makes up new rules.
research love canal and tell me self regulation works.
Do something , go back to work
good ... Lead the way then toward clean energy and join the intelligent crowd
@SenTedCruz
no more farting America!  What next methane filtering underpants?
Energy independence would keep us all safer in the world. Why not drive to become independent so we can stop funding terrorist!
Donald Trump
I guess you want dirty contaminated drinking water and pollution like China? #LosewithCruz
OK, then how come we have the Shale Revolution?. What if legit environment concerns and the markets are doing it. Pls shut up.
I suppose the next regulation imposed by the Obama administration is to stop farming & stop decomposition of organic matter.
everything you tweet is either a lie, a joke or both. you were always illegitimate and always will be
If you had gone with an economic populism message in your campaign. You may have won. Too late now.
Would be nice if we had a system of checks and balances for these situations. If only we had such a system....
We have a super volcano We make our electricity w/ steam Global warming is nothing but a tax payer rip off
to think global warming is a rip off is completely ignoring science and reason. Also makes no economic sense.
Its a rip off when you have a super volcano that could run half or more of the country
how would you harness such a beast ?
ZODIAC KILLER
