@RogerHelmerMEP pretty sure I have never even put off earning money because I am taxed on my income. Have you?
You might be put off earning even more money if you are going to hand most of it over the HMRC?
it hasn't happened yet.
Google the "Laffer curve" to learn more Prof!
Laffer curve is so simplistic as to be virtually meaningless
You would at least agree with the extremes though, 0% and 100% equal zero revenue?
The shape of the curve is debatable, agreed, but it goes up and then down again, yes?
yes but there is no optimal rate of tax
pure sophistry. Income taxes don't discourage me to work. Do they you?
they might discourage u from working harder or longer hours if 40pc of what you gain is taxed away.
find somewhere with tax rates for millionaires that means they work less!
any income over ~45k is taxed at 40pc. That is a DISINCENTIVE to working harder/earning more.
you do know you only get taxed on the earnings OVER that right? You can't earn less by earning more.
yes I do know that, that doesn't change the fact it's a disincentive. Hence the original tweet
why though? I'm still earning more, even if I'm paying slightly more tax on that portion of my income.
If your boss reduced your earnings by 40pc it would be a disincentive. Same as tax.
alternative suggestions?
pay for a civilised society.
and what about VAT? Toriea inc from 7.5% in 1979 to 20% in 2010. Deterred consumption?
Is this pearl from the same book of 'pay poor ppl less but rich ppl more so they can work more'?
are you really this unintelligent or just immoral and greedy? Taxes pay for our services and a decent society. #nastyTory
However, do you agree that the level of income tax may disincentivise? For instance, if the highest earners pay 50% or more in income tax?
It's amusing that even  Conservatives laugh when your name is mentioned.
This tweet is either written by someone really uninformed or by someone whom thinks everybody, but them, is. Either way, I can see why people laugh!
A great argument for higher wealth taxes - let's have a land tax and property tax
Pays your salary.
Why not raise funeral costs to disincentivise dying?
this...
Spot on.
They make a country function properly, dear
Pay for the roads you drive on?
You think that indirect taxes on consumables work same way as direct taxes on earnings? Are you over simplifying, or simple?
Help pay to help those in need ? Is that the right answer ?
benefits Street = "those in need".
Very caring.
Why should I be forced to care about others?
No Man is an Island ?
I still don't care about others, in that way.  Is that a bad thing?
Dunno - pay for education so people can see through facile shite like this?
Simple Mr Hannan they are your membership fee to society. But hey if you don't want to pay your taxes don't use our roads or our NHS.
Not enough
Hypnotic bait and switch fallacy. To be expected from this lying scumbag
You got it all wrong. 
It's not to disincentivise.
It's to pay for the high costs they bring to cities.
They disincentivise HOARDING of wealth
I mean, inheritance/estate tax disincentivises dying?
Is this a trick question?
I'm sorry I meant to say which tax. Umm does it matter? It all gets wasted anyways!
and people wonder why there are few right wing comedians...
I know. They'd never get the amount of laughs Corbyn does
you're proving the point even more...
diddums
keep trying you'll come up with gold eventually
diddums
I would recommend trying some new material
diddums
It's not like the 1% employ any or all means to avoid taxes, is it?
Some people will do anything for money. These people are often criminals.
They pay for hospitals and schools, you parody of a man.
.@danielhannan As a judge once said to counsel:

"Is that your *best* argument, Mr Hannan?"
do you think workers would be more productive if they were paid more?
Puting taxes, obviously.
If you were insinuating that taxes discourage earning an income then you are failing basic logic.
Pay for things - reduce income tax and you have no money to spend on the public sector. The rich get richer, the poor get poorer.
Income taxes are for the benefit of the general good. In their absence, only the wealthy would do well.
One guy in my team prefers days in lieu for overtime rather than extra pay because of the stupid child tax credit threshold
Incentivise the very wealthy to use tax havens?
only rich people should work.

help pay for public services...
Disincentive thinking it would seem...
Disincentivise corporations & high earners from paying up? #GE2017
The usual false equivalency from Hannan. Taxes are a way of buying collectively what we can't buy individually, & sharing benefits & risk.
Income tax will be repealed just as soon as the Napoleonic wars are concluded. Anytime soon.
Good question, is there empirical data to support this conclusion?
Yes but I'm happy to pay in some for quality public services.
So lets just tax poor people and those with disabilities and all will be ok .... oh wait that's what the Govt is trying to do
That is heroically idiotic. Well done
Daniel: smoking and driving involve spending cash, while income relates to earning it.
Make selfish idiots who earn a fortune complain about helping hospitals and schools?
Pay for your salary
Working til the day we die
Sure, but that would only be an argument against income taxes (income & productivity are beneficial), not against smoking and petrol taxes.
Income tax needs to be reduced considerably.
...make people lie about their income, if they can.
#BracketJumpDeterrent
@ErrolGotApparel what do they do???
@tedcruz payroll tax is the problem for business & employees. Get rid of that & see real growth! Vat tax is better.
@tedcruz Logic!
@tedcruz if tobacco taxes pay for shit and petroleum taxes pay for shit, what do income taxes do? Fill in the blank.
@SenTedCruz DISINCENTIVISE SPENDING? Who would have thought??? No one in the last 8 yrs of #obama .
@tedcruz well said!
@SenTedCruz @martin_edholm legit poäng
Snyggt. Älskar den tydliga retoriken
@SenTedCruz woooow good senator
Perfect logic-- I submit excessive income tax is responsible for 95% of the worlds woes--predators and tyrants greed--
@tedcruz this is stupid. It does nothing. I still want to earn money & taxes do thing like pay your salary @tedcruz
unless you are saying you want to volunteer and give up your salary? I'm guessing it will be a big fat NO though.
@SenTedCruz OR that it is a disincentive to working. When one is taxed too heavily, consumer spending goes down.
@SenTedCruz Point sorely missed. Never implied it's a disincentive to not pay taxes, is a disincentive to spending.
The implication being income is sound when talking about a progressive tax.
@SenTedCruz that is not logical
@SenTedCruz Taxes pay for things we choose to do together. Roads. Dams. Space exploration.  Please learn to govern properly
Tobacco & Fuel tax's hurt the middle class & poor the most.
@SenTedCruz Should be common sense. Thinking sometimes strays far from common.
@SenTedCruz no one ever said they didnt want to make more money due to taxes. You must think your party is D-U-M-B smh
some people dont like the AMT but thats not what you are talking about.
@SenTedCruz thats the stupidest red herring ive ever heard
@SenTedCruz income taxes do not pay for anything mmt proves that
That logic is beyond their ability. It's all about entitlement attitude.
@SenTedCruz taxes can't act as disincentives -they act as incentive for smuggling , black market and black money !
@ACervantes_EC no conozco a una persona que haya querido dejar de ganar billete porque los impuestos sean altos maestro
claro, pero antes del billete va el trabajo y los impuestos altos los desincentivan.

http://elpais.com/diario/2005/07/04/economia/1120428012_850215.html …
no hay evidencia de esos dichos, lee sobre  la  laffer curve. Más o menos dice que no es tan sencilla la ecuación q propones
pero también hay casos de éxito con la teoría (Canada/2012), creo que depende mucho de otras variables x ej: riesgo país.
@SenTedCruz Pay your salary?
@SenTedCruz if olive oil comes from olives, and canola oil comes from canola, then where does baby oil come from? #idiots
HELP

PAY

FOR

SHIT
@SenTedCruz most common sense thing I've read all day
@SenTedCruz dumb. No one is swayed about making money because of taxes.
Pays for our roads, public services, and defense.
We don't have to pay our taxes right? DJT doesn't pay his, we should be able to do the same.
Knowing the taxes the Feds & States collect are being doled out in Welfare to millions of illegals discourages US citizens from working!
