@SenTedCruz
which ISIS grp attacked the US? A lone crazy gay hater is not ISIS just bc he says ISIS after he starts killing?
Isis and Islam empathizers should lose their citizenship and be forced to go live elsewhere
donna, take note to how conservatives share their views: memes someone else created. political lemmings; no thought
& u call for us to give up our religious liberties to make others feel more comfortable
just keep your religious stuff  to yrself or at church its my liberty not to have to hear someone elses ideology
and it's my right not to have to see other peoples perversions
so u believe only ppl that have yr beliefs have any rights
you t a dick head bigot
Hey Dan
is this a picture of a Texan?
who cares not worth my time

Astonishing. The Obama admin armed group that became ISIS and now turns its attention to disarming Americans.  http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/06/15/memo-received-by-clinton-obama-admin-aided-group-that-became-isis-to-control-area-where-isis-formed-caliphate/ …
@dbongino disarming Americans..really? How did he do that? Background checks on criminals n crazies makes us safer
Donna, time to get back on your meds, dear.
@bobestespga @dbongino @sentedcruz
a true Christian statement bc I disagree
there's no such a thing "radical Islamic" please stop spreading hates.
Didnt this administration kill Osama Bin Laden?
Hasnt this admin killed many ISIS leaders?
but allowing them to buy guns is??????
.@SenTedCruz no, let's get this right. Your vote today will result in more of this: http://abcnews.go.com/US/son-collapses-tears-funeral-mother-protected-bullets-orlando/story?id=40002083 … #hypocrite
how will you vote today?  Will you still be owned by the NRA? A majority of Americans want gun reform.
@JebBush  LEAVE TRUMP ALONE. IF U KEEP THIS CRAP UP U ARE HELPING KILLARY.  BESIDES U SIGNED GOP PLEDGE AND THEN ACTED COWARDLY.
your refusal to support @GOP nominee &convention games could put HRC in WH, 500% increase in refugees, loss of SCOTUS, ck UR ego
THEN WHY WON"T YOU PASS LAWS TO KEEP TERRORISTS FROM BUYING GUNS?
Thank you @SenTedCruz for standing up for Americans rights.
How? By disrespecting the President of the United States who won TWO terms
You do know the gunman was an American born in NY & not an immigrant and hated gays & didnt declare ISIS until the last minute
@badd_andy wish that our Republicans would get off their lazy & get on board with Trump start making things better for America
you r out of the race nut still spew bs
You sir are either with the people or against us! Stop running your mouth and endorse Trump like you said you would!
Don't make me puke. The pres has bee fighting them his ENTIRE terms ever hear of bin laden Al-awlaki plus dozens more stop lying
GO AWAY #LyinTed No One Likes You!!!
@highkarate And senator you are complicate in it for not supporting a republican for your own gain ! Lying Ted !
can he legally redact that 911 call from the Islamic terrorist?  What's happening to our country. Trump can't and won't be pres
If we keep importing Jihadists, & don't close our borders, & won't keep guns out of hands of Muslims, more blood will flow!
Then get together with Trump and let's save our country. Demon-crats sneaking refugees in to change the electorate map forever!
Your inaction to pass ONE law to help curb America's gun epidemic is causing domestic terrorism. How do you sleep? #DisarmHate
The no fly list is for radical Muslim terrorists. So why debate gun control.DOJ redacts killers ISIS allegiance PC nonsense
I'm all about Cruz Control, but it's time we all ban together...support Trump...and defeat Hillary! #NeverHillary
Please listen to Breitbart Terr show 6/18-19 Sirius125 x FBI hom sec whis blower much moreCan get "on demand ' America in BIG T
@gophouston YOUR BOSS OBAMA...PURE EVIL BIBLICAL PERSON THAT GOD IS USING TO EDGE US TO THE END TIMES!  ANYONE IS REALLY SAVED?
YOU ARE A FRAUD!  BOUGHT BY THE NRA
Muslims being flooded in by Obama should NEVER become US citizens, & only US citizens should be allowed to keep & bear arms!
uh, this guy was born in Queens. So was Drumpf. Hell, put warning out about Queens then, right? Never POTUS for u, enuf STUPID
POTUS is fulfilling his promise to Fundamentally Change America. He has done it by bringing in more illegals & immigrants.
You're hell-bent on @POTUS  saying "Radical Islam", but won't pass legislation to prevent "radical Islamists" from buying guns.
162 mass murders have occurred under Obama's reign of Islamic terror, only 62 under previous 4 presidents combined! Impeach him!
#NRAsBITCH
Time to put pride aside. Get on the trail and help the Republicans. @realDonaldTrump will put in right SCOTUS.Be a team
@conservtivemom you did tell the democrats that the death of 49 should be laid at their feet, didn't you? TRUMP has said this..
Your refusal to confront our weak gun laws enables terrorists. ISIS didn't kill the victims in Sandy Hook, Charleston, etc.
what scares me more than Islamic terrorists is the an armed American citizen that loses his shit one day
Senator Cruz, why are we not putting a pause on people from Terriorist countries. Why are Americans being put last. Angry @ Govt
Senator Cruz, why is Obama getting away with everything. No impeachment, No stopping him. Like it r not we must stand with Trump
You and your reactionary goons' hate of the LGBTQ community has made America less safe. Your bullshit was molded into bullets.
@gmiller1952 Mr. Cruz ! Does the cat got ur tongue about the 1 million more refugees Obama's letting come to America  ???????
.@SenTedCruz if you are serious about fighting radicle Islamic Terrorism you'd pass an AUMF that said so - #CruzDoubleSpeak
.@SenTedCruz Ted Cruz, the man of words, thoughts, prayers, and more guns - protecting the 2A rights of mass murders.
I wish others wanted to protect us. http://aclj.org/national-security/time-for-a-serious-bipartisan-discussion-of-the-administrations-anti-terror-campaign?sf46970544=1 …
@MohamedThePig Mr. Cruz.  You should have been more anti immigration. Just support those who are clear on what is going on.
you would rather arm terrorists than protect citizens. #NRAsBitch
@peddoc63 Ted, where are the rest of your Repubs on this subject?
No Shit Sherlock
Not sure if you would be a better Pres than I would, but, I got a lot on my plate right now so probably write in 4 u @SenTedCruz @TeriGRight
I still plan on writing you in in SC General Election in Nov, or myself @SenTedCruz @TeriGRight
@peddoc63 vote to make USA safe and great again, vote Trump.
@peddoc63 Why don't you support Trump and get rid Of Dem. You say you love America, show it. Together we can beat this invasion
@peddoc63 Senator, please slap the Honorable Speaker until he gets it.
.@SenTedCruz your support for allowing free access to guns for terrorists makes this country unsafe. You are unfit for office.
Senator, General McChrystal says your refusal to take gun laws seriously makes us less safe. I'm w him: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/opinion/home-should-not-be-a-war-zone.html?smid=fb-share …
Obama ordering our security agencies to ignore Muslim terrorism is insane.
thank you for standing up for America citizen's please consider working with Trump we don't stick together we lose our country
YOU make America less safe with your constant, self-serving bickering.
we all know this..but where has congress been..you all talk and do nothing to stop him
once again quit talking an do something
You're a failed candidate who's filibusters were nothing more than grandstanding. And you criticize @ChrisMurphyCT? Shame on you
@mykidsrnutz2 @SenTedCruz there's helping the less fortunate and then there's enabling freeloaders.
@TexasGOP your refusal to work well with others disappoints your kindergarten teacher
Caught your speech on C-Span! It was not only right on target, it was terrific! Thanks for protecting our 2nd Amendment rights!
@djdoobs I agree but will you get behind the front runner?
We Dems don't deny ISIS exists, moron. when will you start labeling guys like Dylan Roof Christian terrorists?  #ChristianTerror
Your refusal to do ANYTHING to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists and criminals has made us less safe. YOU are the problem
assault weapons are making use less safe. They can buy them at your local show and go down the street and shoot up the place
Mr Cruz u r a brilliant man please endorse Trump
Absolutely true.  Keep fighting for America.  We just can't support Trump...so wish there was a path for you to be our candidate
So u and Trump put aside your differences and fight together  u won't have any chance with a Marxist like Hillary. Please Ted!
Republican refusal to stop rimming the @NRA 's asshole in the name of "2nd amendment rights" has made america less safe
@SenatorRisch 
YES>FeinsteinAmendment
YES>UniversalBackgroundChecks 
HistoryHas ItsEyesOnU #Enough
You are a crass hypocrite. Educate yourself on guns, not slavishly take NRA $$. God help America with people like you in charge
"Obama's refusal to confront radical Islam terrorists is outlined in the guidelines of the FBI Touchstone training document."
"Guiding Principles FBI Touchstone Document https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/training/guiding-principles … states mere association..."
Obama's 2012 FBI Touchstone Doc. mere assoc. or belonging to terrorist group doesn't mean a person is a terrorist! So accord...
So according to Obama's FBI Touchstone Doc. if you see group of isis members it doesn't mean group is composed of isis members!
The shear lunacy and illogical thoughts of the Obama administration towards radical Islam are shown in the Touchstone Document.
Actually I need to correct myself on that statement. Instead of cutting off lunacy of the Obama admin. It should read sheer.
For years people with common sense have been trying to cut off  actions of Obama's lunacy via Congress but it still continues...
So proud of you standing up for The US under siege.
@jstines3 Senator Cruz, please don't say that you misspoke tomorrow! What you speak is true. Real Americans know it.
go read green eggs and ham
I truly believe you are still the best choice for POTUS.  Perhaps even the last hope for the US
@jstines3 http://www.nationalreview.com/article/428146/more-than-few-islamic-extremists …
stop acting like the traitor Republicans & endorse Trump!
@rmandetroit No shit Dick Tracy.
you have refused to confront issue of Americans with automatic weapons. Blood on YOUR hands. #guilty
what abt Reagan babies like OM
@c5hardtop1999 They've effectively tied law enforcement's hands. And now attack guns as the problem.
Can you believe Obama used the Orlando deaths on guns at the funeral?
Predictable. And he'll ramp it up as will his deciples.
Look at the DNC. It is what they are doing. Obama is their Charles Manson. The DNC is his Cult. What happened to Democrats?
Progressives.
why doesn't Obama want to win the war against terror?
PLEASE UPDATE ON H.R.4038 - American Security Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015
Why did you decide to become a US Senator if you're going to ignore this epidemic of gun violence?
Glad to see u back. I am TRUMP supporter but I support u to help us now We have to stop Hillary & Obama https://www.facebook.com/gabers.reagan.7/videos/1638806546442543/ …
Not Green Eggs and Ham. Filibuster done right. RECOGNIZE! http://www.nationalmemo.com/endorsethis-chris-murphy-filibusters-change/ …
Mr. Cruz thank you so very very much for all you do for America. Time and time again you have done everything you said you would
you make America less safe#radical
you are the biggest threat to this country #ignorant#radical#canadian
= Liar.
so disappointed in u enough is enough of America citizens killing other American citizens stop  excusing
No @SenTedCruz, your failure to require background checks on every gun sale every time made us unsafe. Stop playing with guns. @MomsDemand
I AGREE WITH YOU 100 PERCENT
TRUTH!
@catsim7  you are part of this administration who was criticizing and not working for the people. Went on tangent.  TEA PARTY?
He is certainly not a part of this Adm. He works for the people. What he said was right.
Is he a retired Senator?
Of course not! That was his speech in the Senate you were supposedly watching. He is fighting for #WeThePeople!
@GretchenInOK so your a congressman what are you gonna do about it
Seems apparent senators who TRY to do something are stymied by horrid Senate leadership under Mitch McConnell.
THANK YOU! FIGHT THE GOOD FIGHT!
perhaps you should review your voting record. Or just go back to reading Dr Seuss
By that token, will deporting all #Muslims and any other #religion we feel to be threatening make our country any safer? No.
Losers are still talking? I thought losers go home and lick their wounds, stare at Jesus pic on wall & say "Why me"?
save our 2nd amendment Ted!
ATTENTION WITH THE WAR OF THE WOMB. Mr Senator Ted Cruz. HELP AMERICANS FROM THIS KIND OF KILLERS
thank you ted Cruz for telling the truth Hillary is a lier we all know that plus a baby killer
I agree, I think we are in real danger.
Hi Senator Cruz, Standing up for us. I missed you, keep it up.
LOL OMG.. Are you still talking??  #NotRelevant  #Lucifer
@DeborahLovesUSA Here's why,
#VoteTrump
really. How are we less safe. Because u said so
.@SenTedCruz Well, we know you're lyin cos DonTheCon told us - so move along. https://youtu.be/MJx_Qv1lWeU 
So glad the ass @SenTedCruz lost 2 a chump like @realDonaldTrump ha! Just shows how hated u r. U r only a senator by luck & gerrymandering.
it's u & ur cronies who refuse 2 face terrorism threats & deal w/ issues. Maybe it will take a tragedy in ur world 4 u 2 care.
They & allies have confronted terrorism!Not all are Islamic!There are many non islam radicals who spew hate in US against groups
He has blood on his hands & should B impeached.  A Kill list & citizens' reports 2 Obama's now impotent authorities
thank you for defending America. You know democrats destroying this country.know you love this country... Help it!
Ted Cruz & the NRA advances but Families  suffer carnage and violence over and over again from Boston to Tucson, Orlando & CA
your consistent mode of stupidity while doing NOTHING as GOP in Congress endangers America, but you keep thumping that bible
it doesn't matter what u call it, idiot. The fact that Congress lets people on terror watch list buy firearms STILL is baffling
We'll get to that as soon as we also tackle radical Christian terrorism #STFU
DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT
Yes it has!
The price of freedom is eternal vigilance.  I'm doing my part, America...how about you?
when ever has the average person on the the street equaled a "well regulated militia"?
@SenTedCruz
agreed and the poor decisions by POTUS our community organizer is culpable
The idiot that shot up Orlando didn't do it for Isis, but because he was a closeted gay & hated himself. It was a hate crime.
GET BEHIND TRUMP NOW!!! YOU  CONGRESSMEN ARE GOING TO BE BLAMED FOR HILLARY'S ELECTION! CEOS LAUD TRUMP'S LEADERSHIP !!!!
BULLY, BULLY
@TheGreatFeather They have to defeat global warming first according to their priorities.
how should the gov,t fight Isis. What would you do different?
why aren't you and your cronies on tv telling everyone this and why don't you go over to Paul Ryan's office and tell him to shut
Yes, it's the administration's fault that Radical Islamic Terror exists. I guess it was Dubya's too. And Clinton's. Weird.
Why do you keep pretending we haven't been bombing ISIS since Dec. 2015? You have no other plan. Just grandstanding.
@twright55 OBAMA KNOWS WHAT WE FACE, SICK OF PLAYING STUPID
YAWN
yeh Ted you're a general
: Cruz for president
All Time high in Drone Strikes?!? Really ? #ignorantcuban
The left acts like that some how they will be exempt from radical Islamic terrorist. You do live in the US, don't you?
please be VP
the left is hard at work making sure we're all soft targets
-We already know this, the question is what will you do differently
keep up the good work you do for America. When I start my journey into politics I pray I can one day be half the man you are.
@Sen_JoeManchin Sen. Cruz, I am sorry you have to work with total IDIOTS, like Manchin and McShame. My apologies to you, Sir.
please join Trump, we need everyone of the 16 Repub candidates to fix this mess from POTUS & his lying adm
Hang onto Sen McCain he knows ISIL is worldwide & growing due to ISIS soon to be on a street near you TX & @realDonaldTrump NOW.
Zodiac Ted, would you rather have an abortion or a Zika Baby?
how does the word make us less safe
You're even less relevant now, so can it.
call it what it is: JIHAD
& these tweets pointing fingers is helping make America more safe how?Knock it off &go work on some bills that will keep us safe
He cannot STAND for islam to be held accountable for it's many crimes. WHY HAS CONGRESS NOT IMPEACHED HIM?
@67Chester crap!
Excuse me?
Ted is not being honest & is using a tragedy to politic ... I was being succinct
speaker of the house supports these people coming in.  I'm Trump supporter, but u r right on target with everything you say.
your zealotry - like trying -hard- to confirm a wrongful 10-year+ sentence for a petty thief- is what's really hurting us
You should endorse Mr. Trump. If HRC wins we will remember hold-outs,#'s.
You're threatening a U.S. Senator?
@SenTedCruz
U R right Mr Cruz, but the House, Senate & Pres. have made us less safe. U have done nothing. DO YOUR DAMN JOB!
Obama has no empathy for Americans. He alienates our allies and smooches our enemies.
- Just watched obama's disgraceful speech.   Turned to gun control instead of addressing real problem - Islamic extremist.  Sick
