@TrumpIslam16 Just keep the money flowing to foreign govt. and the Democrats are happy. #ProblemSolved --- @realDonaldTrump
both sides commit war crimes. Thank god your career is over.
It is time for @SenTedCruz  to endorse Trump and honor his pledge.
@JAmy208 LONG past time. We need you in WH. I call for thumps nom to be rejected and you replace him as our nominee..
#WakeUpAmerica #Trump2016 is going to the White House.
.@SenTedCruz Its time for Cruz to move to Israel and run for the Knesset.
thanks for sharing Senator Ted Cruz, have a great Friday :) (Want this? It's FREE! https://bit.ly/thankyou69 )
shouldn't Israel also have to account for the genocide they are committing in Gaza?
Thats true you need inquire into the accountability of the incitement that leads to the reactions.
It is long overdue!
@billjillelder Time to STOP the annual millions of $s in U.S. aid to Palestinian Authority until THEY put a stop to the attacks.
Stop jabbering and get behind Trump.  If not..you are just as bad as hillary.
Israel isn't exactly blameless
@_CFJ_ The Aggressor attacks & claims innocence.
Time to hold Israel accountable too. Palestine needs their own state. I respect Israel but enough is enough.
Hey Ted!!  Want to work for Israel??  GO LIVE IN Israel!
I'm terrified about what our country and our world has become. Dear Lord, why have u abandoned us?
it's time 4 the US to hold israel govmnt accountable 4 their continuous strikes against gaza's children  https://goo.gl/images/ul45G4 
It's way past time.
girl was a U. S.  Citizen? What does president do,  just talks, no action.
I AGREE
Americans need to get their heads out of the sand and see what's going on in this country and the rest of the world!
blah, blah, blah...pontificate...blah, blah, blah...poetic pause...blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, "I did__________" & blah, blah
Amen!
@DMorganstl82 If it's Hillary or Trump, they BOTH take a "neutral" stance between Israel and the Palestinian terrorists.
GET BEHIND TRUMP  Unless you are part of the establishment and just talking out your butt..
didn't even condemn the bombings in Turkey. So much a religious and racial bigotry...
These Arabs didn't want to be called palestnians before 1948...in fact the considered the name as an insult. Did you know, Sen.?
time 2 hold u accountable for not honoring ur pledge 2 back the nominee  shame on u
Following in Israel's footsteps. Terror won Israeli statehood. Maybe they just want right to keep and bear arms, now prohibited.
@WarriorsHart444 problem is they won't our government in Israel doesn't hold them accountable.
It's time for you to uphold the pledge you signed to support the republican nominee. Seems that pledge means nothing to you. 
Have a happy zika summer yes summer of birth defects
i agree. Time to hold Obama resposible and arrest him
They will never be accountable. So how do we make them? Withdraw money & support?
Feckless Cruz Endorse the Republican Nominee #NeverRubioCruzRyan
Mr Cruz, when will u honor ur pledge and endorse the R nominee?
K look you run over there w YOUR FAMILY, & we will let ya be CROSSING GUARD, K? Now go back TO SLEEP, WE ARE TIRED!
this is an attack on a US citizen which makes it attack on the USA! Bet if she was Muslim or LGBT their would be outrage by dems
What? You were fermented by THE TED?????
Elites here evidently love the Murders.
So the Israelis get let off from their heinous actions then I suppose?
u have one of those face. It a shifty face to.
You would swear you were describing ISIS the way it was said
But the Palestinian leadership are terrorists and/or terrorist supporters.  :(
maybe the US could also hold Israel accountable for its treatment of Palestinians as second-class, stateless citizens?
YOU MEAN SORTA LIKE REPUBLICANS SHOULD BE HELD RESPONSABLE IF TRUMP GETS ANY FARTHER IN ELECTION PROCESS? LOL
How about the President Obama to be accountable for inaction and ignoring Islamic threat?
I agree with you. I love that you are my senator.however I am upset that you won't support Trump.the trump tsunami is coming
It time to hold TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz accountable for his continued failure to fight for Healthcare Vouchers for our Veterans
Trump incites EVERYONE but you don't care about that any more.
:Are u guys really globalist in disguise? U really rather have Hillary cuz your scorn? U think Trump will be bad to u?Me confused
DITTO DITTO DITTO, LUV YOU SENATOR CRUZ. Rather be saying President
@dxrpi actually it's time 4 u 2 get on the Trump train
Obama can't hold his sec of state accountable. How can he make a foreign country leader ?
Again, how do you know this was a planned terrorist attack by any group and not just a lone-wolf nut?
Bomb them.  Maybe then they'll finally listen.
How can we hold other nations accountable for killing innocent people when America is missing in action protecting people lives
is Obama inciting attacks? News to me
yes yes and more yes
Or stop dealing with them altogether.
#GoldmanSachsJacket
