Already can't afford payments or fine. What's next for me government, prison?
Vote for a DEMOCRAT who will address problems with the law instead of taking us back to an even MORE unaffordable system.
It didn't get GOP votes despite Dems putting in things to accommodate them. GOP were not honest brokers.
ok so u know nothing about this
yes. again. bc it was only a partial, not complete, giveaway to their insurance co donors
vote trump to get rid of that garbage
And replace it with . . . ?
CHOICE - A free market. You like choice, right leftist? Any gov tampering should be small issue a bill at a time @nonsequitur20 @AP
CHOICE among a lot of unaffordable plans means nothing.
That's what the middle class has right now. Skyrocketing premiums & deductibles. He promised the opposite. @nonsequitur20
Promises mean nothing without a policy to back them up. He's got sound bites & talking points, nothing more.
I don't know what planet you've been living on but Trump has put out plans for everything.
SO MANY PLANS! And none of them work. :(
Please publish some BREAKING news about what Republicans will do to fix healthcare. We all want to know.
Obama got us into this mess! Republicans voted it down! Let the Dems figure it out!#DrainTheSwamp
I agree! Let us figure it out. Vote out all the do-nothing, care-about-nothing Republicans, and let Democrats decide. 100%.
.@AP "if you like your plan you can keep it" LMAO
You know that it was INSURANCE COMPANIES that changed the plans, not the government, right?
The Insurance Companies Work For The Government OWNED!!! Doh!!!
so much for the "Affordable Care Act". Sounds a little deceptive to me. If it wasn't really to make health care more affordable, then Y?
@nicole6774 just after the election I see...
BREAKING: He should try being on this garbage on a normal person's salary, already. GARBAGE. No PPOs. No specialists.

One in five consumers using the site will only have one insurer from which to choose coverage. http://usat.ly/2eLj0xS 
while that clown is running around making jokes, and campaigning for Hillary. Disgusting.
Vote Trump!
Unless we get a full democrat wave to fix this beast the GOP is bound and determined to crucify the public.
Obamacare is a 100% Democrat creation and you think MORE Democrats are needed to fix it??? WOW.
Dem's passed it then lost the majority needed to work out the kinks. GOP refuses to fix it holding the majority now.
What's not noted in this tweet is that tax credits are also increasing to offset the price increase to customers.Tell the full story.
Where do you think the money for those tax credits comes from?
I know exactly where it comes from. The customer's taxes. You understand we're talking about < 2% of the insurance market, right?
A tax credit means money. Which means it’s collected either through another’s taxes or piling onto the debt.
OK, so you don't care about rates rising, you care about the debt. As long as you keep your argument straight.
Am I supposed to only care about one? Does it matter when both are impacted? Rates rising AND debt incurred increasing.
The point is that we’re now bought into a system that’s delivering to some extent on the promise of insuring more Americans…
But failing on effectively every other intention. Rates rising. Choice remains limited. Prices aren’t controlled. More debt.
Put a Stop to this kinda Crap. I voted Trump
@wbir well feeling safe to release the news bc Hillary will b the savior ... crooked does what crooked ran out of time! Thanks GOP ...
don't worry it's only money. You know the stuff that hard working tax payers have to work their butts off to get. Some don't get subsidy
Obamacare isnt affordable. Its as simple as that. 70 year olds forced to get maternity care? Needs to be repealed & replaced.
#VoteTrump
It should be noted that (1) rates are set BY INSURANCE COMPANIES, and (2) rates went up by that much or more BEFORE "Obamacare".
but I want required to purchase it either.
@ShepNewsTeam  SHOCKER.
Golly Gee Wally, Republicans have been saying it would make Healthcare costs higher since the Democrats passed it
@SpecialKMB1969 not news to me! Mine has tripled in 3 yrs. can't wait to get my letter this week......
Not "BREAKING". Not "HIDDEN". Not "UNKNOWN". What's SHOCKING is the years long denials it was going to happen. @AP @TimKahanek
@ArnMenconi so will the subsidy...
Was predicted in 2009.
and the other shoe drops.  BAM!
will go up 25percent,but subsides will cover majority of hike majority of people enrolled won't pay more than 10 of their salary.
10 percent of salary is absurd! Not holding breath for subsidies.
Shouldn't your employer being paying that?
what about self-employed or small businesses? Not everyone is w-2, you'd be surprised at how many!
My point is not 4 self employed/small businesses but 4 mega companies who use Obama care as excuse 2 pay less
are we all supposed to jump for joy??
Or more....after they add all the illegals it will SKYROCKET and so will taxes.
If Hillary elected, count on it.
Thanks Obama...
so how is that "affordable?"
WTF
@ArnMenconi 

This hybrid of private/public doesn't work! Only option is #SinglePayer like @greenpartyCO supports in Colorado
We have the most expensive healthcare of any advanced country, the most expensive drugs, hospital stays etc. yet care is not better
If anyone votes for @HillaryClinton they are totally daft. How in God's earth could you want her !
she got that vagina, tho. first woman president! who cares if you can afford insurance?
doesn't suprise me one bit
insurance scams are not health care
44% for according to our notice today. How is this supposed to help the middle class family?
This is literally devastating to those of us already struggling
killing the middle class and making more dependent on the gov't
it's the American way
“@AP: BREAKING: Obama administration says http://HealthCare.gov  premiums will go up by ... http://tmi.me/1fgiwt 
@jaketapper I hope @TheDemocrats fight for a single payer system after d election, healthcare shd be a right for citizens nt a privilege
Got to get rid of this it's killing the working class pockets can't afford to be insured
What happened to your health insurance would go down $2500 a yr! Another Obama lie! #DrainTheSwamp
And people will still vote for Hillary.
Good thing @NancyPelosi , et al, "passed the bill so we could see what's in the bill." #Corrupt #NeverHillary
@DonaldJTrumpJr  According to the Russians? Wikileaks? Oh, the actual government of the USA. Dems can't pass the blame on this one.
per http://Healthcare.gov .  Phx, AZ.  2016: $775/mo with $12.5k deduct.  2017:  $1,544/mo with $13,600 deductible!! @phillyrich1
Here's my fathers (small business owner) and here's mine the sole employee. In Virginia, only 16% increase and we're lucky!
16% is "normal":) Maricopa County (Phoenix) lost a bunch of providers which has snowball the problem. From 7 providers to 1
@phillyrich1 Do you recall what the yearly increase typically was before Obamacare?
it was related go the growth of GDP- as it is now.
I recall 7% or so but how is whats happening related to GDP?
How is whats happening NOW I mean related to GDP
I think Rich was pulling your leg.  We all dream of 1% premium increases matching #Obama's dismal GDP growth!
@KLinLA SINGLEPAYER!SINGLEPAYER!SINGLEPAYER!SINGLEPAYER!SINGLEPAYER!SINGLEPAYER!SINGLEPAYER!SINGLEPAYER!SINGLEPAYER!SINGLEPAYER!
preaching to the choir bro!!
You ready to absorb the 50%+ fed tax hike needed to fund your utopian singlepayer?
you ready to go troll somewhere else? Thanks in advance
Google 'personal tax rate by country' and see what people are paying in the countries everyone likes to point as example
google personal bankruptcy due to outrageous medical bills...then go away
universal healthcare time 
Just who is going to pay for your utopia? Ready to accept the 50%+ fed tax required to fund such a scheme?
Yes. You're welcome.
How about you pay for your own stuff and leave the rest of us alone?
Or, I consider it my duty as apart of the social contract to care about the health and well being of my neighbors.
Fine. Then consider empowering them and enabling opportunities so they can pay for it themselves instead of giving handouts.
I don't consider charity and making sure everyone has what they need a bad thing so the angle you're takin doesn't appeal to me
'Charity' is different from 'welfare'. Charity helps those in need until they can recoup. Welfare turns into a career choice
@Kronykal make it so no one can afford to live and have healthcare. Then when they can't afford it PUNISH THEM for not having it
it's a 600 dollar fine at tax time. No prob, I could spend 6 grand over the year. Yeah they can have that 600
Oh good. Yet NYT, Atlantic, and my college professors will still criticize Americans who don't worship Obamacare.
Well they are idiots who long for socialized medicine which is UNAMERICAN. Free market shopping is the best replacement
The GOP forecast this to happen a few years ago....
Yes & DT Talks About it At Every Rally Daily!!
"I had nuttin to do wit dat" - Obama
@AP
BREAKING: Obama administration says http://HealthCare.gov  premiums will go up by double-digit percentages next year.
I would literally bet my living soul that Barack Hussein Obama is better spoken than you.
"This never happened before Obamacare!!" - a pack of morons.
Please... point me to ANY time pre-ACA when premiums increased at the rate they are increasing now.
99-09 they went up by an average of 13% per year. 2011-15 went up at slowest rate since they started keeping records.
well, we're now talking a benchmark increase of 25%. Nevada, New Mexico, Arkansas, North Carolina and Vermont up 117-179%
I'm in AZ. Wonder how many business owners reconsidering assist w/health coverage due to increases 
too many. Not to mention those restructuring labor to part time to avoid Obamacare tax & requirements
many of my friends switched to PT just to qualify for assistance bc they made slightly too much working FT 
Sad, but understandable. They are just playing by the rules of the system
Single payer is the only thing that makes any sense for healthcare. Insurance companies are an unneeded middle man
Subsidized through the gov., but lacking any price controls, that is the real reason behind its failure.
You're no genius. Please just shut-up.

As long as our healthcare is thorugh private for-profit insurance companies we will never have a good system.
Couldn't wait for November 9 to make this announcement?
I mean, facts are facts, & I can appreciate the transparency, but...
Oh, you'd rather the Dems play politics...just like they did when they jammed the ACA down everyone's throat.
I wouldn't say "rather [they] play politics" but I am definitely surprised they're not
Only thing that make sense is it gets lost in the election news cycle.  Trump isn't skied enough to make it an issue.
Umm... one of Trumps main campaign planks is his promise to repeal & replace Obamacare
But he did mention this as a fix.  It's in the debate...go look.
Another Obama success story!
he's done soooooooo many things. More than any president in the last 30 years.
And fifty years of racial progress down the drain. Under a black guy, too. Insanity.
that seems like a silly thing to say. You know that's not true.
Oh, okay. Well pardon me while I stick my head in the sand and ignore all the racially charged crap happening.
this is a good thing man. Change needs to be forced.
Move to North Korea. Enjoy the force. And the change.
Why?
Wait what do you mean?
Because the American people were promised better service for decreased pricing....Which isn't the case.
So in the face of increased competition, the market decided to raise prices instead of lower them? Why?
some states now only offer one insurance company, there was no increased competition.
Does it seem odd that a market, when asked to compete in a region, just gave up?
it would if obamacare werent such a failure.
There has to be a public option. Insurance won't survive without government subsidies, will there be a choice? 80% can't afford this.
Government subsidies = higher fed income tax. Or greater deficit/debt. Neither is a win
#SinglePayer is a win/win. Ins Co's dump expensive patients, gov't claims bargaining rights. Ins welfare no more.
The ACA isn't welfare $ us, it is welfare for insurance companies.
@BrianFeldbusch It's official! Being on welfare is now more profitable than having a minimum wage job with 2 kids.
agreed, we need to raise the minimum wage substantially
No I'm totally against raising min wage- if cost of living housing + taxes were lowered the raise wouldn't be necessary at all.
i don't think the government controls cost of living, but yes: we should raise taxes on the rich, lower for everyone else
cost of living=taxes regulations add up. If we didn't allow tax payer bailouts on Fred/Fanney may...u get the point;)  HR2209 passed
i tend to think of cost of living in terms of home/utilities/food, which are much more about state and supply/demand
also, curious: do you support indexing minimum wage to inflation?
The wage increase=same tax bracket. Employees ask for less hrs just to meet welfare benefits, which total more for household spending
ACA needs total overhaul.The ins Co's STILL lining their pockets,ripping off the Gov & thePeople. Wish I cld spk in front of cong on it
Damn do people like you ever blame the BIG GOVERNMENT for the poor state of affairs of America. Start your own insurance co
B4 ACA i had no insurance. it needs tweaking, but NO, unlike U, i don't blame Gov 4 my problems PullUp yur BigBoyPants, moveOn
People like you need the pants, you need sugar daddy govt to take care of you. And dopey, there has always been Medicaid.
you are a prime example of #deplorable
Keep doctor. Fraud. Keep plan. Fraud. Premiums lower. Fraud. America should class action sue Obama & Democrat Party. REPORT THAT.
.@Melvin_Udall_ @AP Should report sources get incorrect info from.Not forced get ACA ins;learn diff b/w ACA & alwaysprivate&employer plans
Shoo incoherent #gaystapo liberal fascist
.@Melvin_Udall_ Do even know what fascist is?You willfully ignorant folks refuse educate yourselves on actual facts of a topic need to"shoo"
Add brainlessly regurgitate memes because can't think to the list
.@Melvin_Udall_ Delete your account,buy a dictionary & go take a remedial English class.Brainlessly is an adverb,memes are static & GIF this
We made Health Care available to 15 million and unaffordable 300 million
not even 15 million anymore. And half of those enrolling were simply replacing a plan that was cancelled
@michaelcohen sucks but no different than what I was being raised before ACA.
Same here. Still, it’s another failure of the ACA: to bend the cost curve. Apparently, more people in the system isn’t the answer.
@Rstuart16 that's the bad part but at least you can keep your doctor, what's that you said, oh you can't keep your doctor, whatever.
@TomBrockII Affordable Care Act my a$$
Story up by @AP
Already seen double digit increases each year.
it's supposed to go down
This increase won't impact everyone using ObamaCare. It will impact 17%. Premiums have been low for 8 yrs. It was bound to happen.
HHS: We've hit peak Trump noise, Mr. President.

Obama: Excellent. Release the announcement.

*bloop*

https://twitter.com/ap/status/790659478349897728 …
@AP
BREAKING: Obama administration says http://HealthCare.gov  premiums will go up by double-digit percentages next year.
thanks Obama
DELVE DEEPER Bet that's just tip of iceberg-deductibles?---covered services?---co-pays?---in-network docs & hospitals?...
Just another reason to vote @realDonaldTrump #draintheswamp
my penalty is cheaper so they can go F themselves
@DaystoTrump Everyone seems to have forgotten prior to Obama care insurance was reasonable with small deductibles. My son now pays 20k
@trbroady That's is you can find coverage on the exchange anymore. Only Blue Cross/Shield in FL. Glad I have Emp. Insurance now.

@SpecialKMB1969 @LatinoVoices @CNNPolitics @MSNBC is biased media reporting this?
I want the $2500 savings Barack promised me. And my old doctor
@AnnoyingTF What a cluster
isn't that what TRUMP has been preaching.
...because of course they will. 
Awesome. So, so awesome. 
#ThanksObama
People can not afford that. Plus if you don't get it. They take $1000 of our income tax. Wonder who gets that money
I didn't do nuffin!! -Barack Obama
So easy to say with an F it attitude when you're on you're way out.
@PartingThots Thank you Obama
was suppose to fail so they can usher in govt control of healthcare what could go wrong when the govt is in charge.
Someone should have given Obama a dictionary so that he'd know the definition of the word affordable.
@SenTedCruz Appeal and replace Obamacare.
@JBooty_88 It's going up by 60% in TN this year & all but one insurance co. pulled out of AHA marketplace. AHA ruined health ins. in TN
Trump should just come tomorrow and announce his plan for free health care.  He would win the election
WTF?  What happened??
If the republitards in congress worked as hard to make it great as they have worked to ruin it, everyone would have affordable coverage.
and only the dumb democrats didn't see this coming when the passed the law. I hope they stick it all us middle class and even the poor
#TrumpPence16 #DrainTheSwamp    Unless you want more of the same.    #TrumpTrain #NeverSocialistHillary
doing what it was designed to do — Get us to single-payer
I'm amazed the AP is actually reporting this.
@WDFx2EU7 I love that they called the "affordable" care act- just to get the last jab on the public
@DonaldJTrumpJr America needs Trump bad. The middle class will not exist if Hitlary wins.
@SimoneReports everyone should refuse to pay it.
@SoCal4Trump 
Vote 4 Trump
Which means all of us with private insurance will see an increase in our monthly premium as well. #TrumpPence16 #draintheswamp
But, @OFATruthTeam told me that premiums would go down $2500
this sucks. We need Trump.
this scam is working just like Obama & Dem cronies planned. They set it up to fail.
I thought it was going down $2500?
Hillary gets elected Katy bar the door whelks a-comnen
What!!!! #Obamacare Well there goes @HillaryClinton chance!!
so for those who have forgotten their math. That is a YUGE increase.
@DonaldJTrumpJr I have a great idea. Single Payer! Said nobody ever.
You'll be gone and we're left holding the BillThanks for nothing!
are all of you commenting on how to replace this and this is the best we got, honestly this nucking futs??? Are u all this brainwashed?
It absolutely did...it went up for sure! We went from paying $52 a month. Starting Jan 1, it's $295 a month!!!!!!!!! Freakin' rippoff!!!
another liberal policy failure !
no shit everyone keep saying this was going to happen but brainless Obama followers  NO it won't
time to dump the middlemen.

Is it really breaking if we knew this would happen from day 1? @AP
BREAKING: Obama administration says http://HealthCare.gov  premiums will go up by double-digit percentages next year.
In this case, "breaking" refers to the hearts of all of the true believers who were stupidly conned into supporting ACA.
@DonaldJTrumpJr ..
@DanaRuxi123 lol this a typical Obama Clinton lies
here's how you fix it vote Hillary in for president for 4 more years of the same shit
@margbrennan AYDEH SUSIE ROTTEN CROTCH WITH MY BALLS THATS NO PROBLEM
@SenTedCruz Pa. announced 33% increase in 2017 enrollment. Other states following suit. Obama over paid the providers to keep them.
good thing I have health insurance through me employer
"Affordable"
@BarackObama you built that. This is exactly what you wanted despite being warned this would happen. You created this disaster! All You!
..and he said it was Bush's fault.
@DonaldJTrumpJr #Obama #POTUS just GAVE #IRAN $1.7 Billion dollars but insurance premium will increase!
Who would've thought no price controls on insurance companies would've lead to anything else?
Now, explain the role of the ReTHUGlicans in this circumstance, please. And be HONEST! Start with the cowardly Lyin' @SpeakerRyan.
well that worked out well for everyone didn't it...
LOL, WHO KNEW????
Rather surprising...  that this wasn't suppressed until mid November.
@WDFx2EU7 yup, and my idiot friends voted for this dipshit. They thought Obama care was so great, I called BS on it. Knew it wud fail.
They've breed society to not question the Dems on their corruption. No accountability. With Trump in office, he'll be accountable by us.
@kjmgolf don't forget to think about this when you go vote!
if it's so good then why did out govt exempt themselves from it?  This is NOT Healthcare it is a scam and we are the victims.
@MikaelThalen after years of denial by LYING assholes Obama and company. Now they finally admit what every real person is experiencing.
#MAGA
raise your hand if you're surprised. Oh wait. 
For all u Dems that voted for change! Voted for a black Prez. Voted for you're entitlements and dependency on govt. Here is ur CHANGE
doesn't suprise me one bit
@jaketapper i bet the only thing obama and clinton worry about is people paying attention to the leaked emails
@jaketapper @POTUS needs to get on this and handle it Stat!  Use the power if Congress is too LAZY!! #congress2016
ObamaCare FTW!
hey, remember when the high school yearbook editor @mattyglesias said everyone was gonna love obamacare? Yeah, let's pants him again @AP
.@lamblock @mattyglesias @AP @BarackObama is socialist POC trying to wreck the system so single payer is the only option. See Cloward Piven
If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor. If you like your plan you can keep your plan. #MAGA #Obamacare #ObamaLies
@LindaSuhler if people were awake and listening to the right people this was known years ago this was the end result.
holy shit!!!
And Hillary supports every aspect of Obamacare, including this massive rate hike.
and if you can't afford you get taxed or FINED thank you @POTUS
@JediASU remember, Pelosi "balanced" the Obama care bill by funding it for 10 years while providing just 7 years of service. Deceiptful
why
.@AP yes but thanks to the president at least a few Americans now have insurance. The rest of us, just #whiners
@MBousselot kind of like my family of 4's priv. insurance increase of 26% this yr, on top of 24% the yr b4 all bc of community rating?
and y'all wanna elect hillary for another 4 yrs of this shiz
Yeah the ACA is total shit.
Repeal the useless Obamacare law.
.@AP @ScrappyFe We need Medicare like single payer. Get the parasite insurance companies out of #ObamaCare
from all I've heard about vets dying waiting for treatment from VA hospitals turns me off of government run healthcare
Every other civilized nation in the world has government run health care, spends less, and lives longer. Peace my friend
I've heard from plenty of friends in other countries also struggling while waiting for their turn for treatment.
wait what but it's such a good program liberals can't be wrong I wish somebody warned us about this
this was plan all along, goal is single payer and total govt control. Look at VA everyone... That's our future.
Obamacare is a joke and Americans are too blind to see it. Only going to be worse with that nasty woman as president
just think about it! Hillary Against us,against FBI, against law and order, against walls to prevent migrants against low taxes! What?
Ugh. Mine have already doubled since 2014.
this is the issue with pushing junk through. I no longer can afford deductible and copay let alone a raise in premium! We need it fixed!
These are the faces of democrat leaders who duped half the country...the liberal half.
@33pUsl even if you like this. It has to be fixed
all the more reason to vote @realDonaldTrump How many will be able to afford premiums & going to any doctor. Clinton will bail out insu.

LoL Laughable.  And he has a 55% approval rating and this is his crowning achievement.
Thanks, Obama!

@thurmanthomas shockint
I am thrilled to pay more for less, and under threat of law/jail.
can you be more vague? Being difference between 10% and 99% increase.
@SpecialKMB1969 Trump can save every one losing their benefits with an executive order ala Obama.
@Mike_AndersonJr  you don't say? Glad @AP has decided to keep up with what most of us already knew
What a disaster! KMN... #Obamacare
@ChuckRossDC Still waiting for my 2500 bucks. Oh that's right. That was a lie too
you colluded with Hillary to call the election in Cali.  You are shady too.
@SenTedCruz Now there's a shocker...D's voted it in...R's grandstand...then run away from tough issues...
absolutely!I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed & agree,Premiums will go up,as instate high cost is big problem Obama healthcare...
mmmmm yet people wanna elect the witch to continue this disaster of a presidency? I think not. #DrainTheSwamp
@ChristiChat Tepublicans tried to tell them! Not one Republican voted for this fiasco! Dems. & Obama own this! Families can't afford!
