Watched it live, in the middle of the night, at my Grandmother's house, on Garrowhill Drive in Glasgow. I had just turned 10
I think you watch the moon landing hoax.
I was one of the cameramen on the stage set.
You seem a little young.
Why thank you!
My guess you're born before 1950?
Oooh, that hurt.  1955.
That makes you age 13 as a cameraman for the moon hoax.   This is good. :-)
I know it's controversial. The evidence of the Moonlanding seems to be fake. They need to declassify why.
Prove it!
Fake as fuck
#fakemoonwalk
Why are you still showing the old TV screen footage instead of footage from the direct reels???
because they lost the original reels.
Yes, they "lost" them.  Or they never existed in the first place. ;)
Faked. Kubrick filmed it!
The tech didn't exist to fake it. What a schmuck.
Unfortunately, I wasn't yet born to see it, I hope I'm there to see the first manned mission to Mars!
fake. You can see the horizon through the geza.
Lol
Fake footage
Thanks to democrats that believe in science!
On July 20, 1969 at 2 am ( EST), I watched that 2 astronauts- Neil Armstrong and Buzz Adrin  touched in in first time.@dauriachrista
@SenTedCruz
This is the last tweet I will ever post about Ted Cruz. He'll never be a prominent political figure again. 
and bigger fools will will believe anything.
God then created the universe from nothing. (Same problem only twice)
intelligence indicates experience, if only God existed for eternity what was his experience?
It seems you are moving the goalposts to suit your needs.
I was only a child.  Love this. @tedcruz
This is being retweeted on the wrong day: #Apollo11 took off July 15, landed on the moon July 20. Armstrong first walked on the moon July 21
Hi gang. I really do love you guys, honestly I do but, if I send these back will you analyze them or seize them 
The first moonwalk was in July...
We were juniors in college and watched that-wow! BTW--Nice standing up against @realDonaldTrump You da man..and I’m a DEM!
I always thought it was the camera crew that were the first men on the moon....
No. It didn't work like that
I was four years old but remember watching it.  Still fascinated all these years later. Thanx for the found memory
@realDonaldTrump  Put @tedcruz on a one way trip to Mars!   Cruz has worn out his welcome here on Earth!  #Trump2016   #MAGA
Yes Sir you took the leap. I did a year ago. Intolerable situations are better left. Time heals all with the Lord's help.
@SenTedCruz you just lost your voters for senate race apply at McDonalds flipping burgers
You couldn't possibly be more wrong @Knight276.  Ted GALVANIZED Conservatives on Moonday.  You're a barking Moonbat!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ty1eETVIFMs …
Great Astronaut's Neil Armstrong&Buzz Aldrin,landed & walked on Moon first time, in Apollo 11 mission in 1969.Very Adventures&Good
One small step for Ted Cruz, One giant leap out of the Senate. U have betrayed us & have lied about supporting the nominee
Apollo 11,That's first  Moon mission is Very Great& remarkable. that was Golden moments in Space explorations with Humans. Salutes
Says the guy that cuts NASA funding.
Trump Supporters will Never Forget this. Your finished you sociopathic phycho case. False prophet and liar, People know your game
@SenTedCruz the party was united for Trump last night! In booing another corrupt Lyin' establishment politician off the stage.
Cruz you are a Liar and a Sociopath. Gave away your True Character. You dont care about the USA.  Christian? You? Def NOT
@SenTedCruz Ted are you wasting space
@ClimateGuy1973
If you don't honor your word though, I don't see how people can trust you as a public servant? Do you see what I mean?
going to defend the constitution or our civil liberties. She's not going to be pro-life and a promotor of our judeo-Christian values!
we all espouse. I like that you have fought the establishment and listened to the voters, but in this case, #HillaryClinton isn't
I believe like millions of Americans, that the republican party needs reform and needs to purvey and adopt the conservative values
@SenTedCruz one giant misstep for a compete idiot...
@SenTedCruz Ted just can't keep your word!
At the Rep convention, YOU Sir took a giant leap to end your career. Why would you go there and not keep your word. Liar?
Unprecedented,incredibleand awesome happening in the history of mankind for 20th.century.

did you find the original footage ?
You took one large step to say Goodbye to #GOP. You Destroyed yourself! #NiceMove. #WishIDidIt. #USA
Thanks for the great tweet! it's now on my https://www.rebelmouse.com/NahBabyNah/  site http://rbl.ms/1nXUh63 
@emilyhawkinss_ cool as hell
Took my grandsons to the Cinti Childrens' Museum today - saw a lunar rock encased in glass and donated.  So cool.
Awesome! It's really a shame we haven't gone further than we have in space exploration.
that's a great job
you don't act like a true Christian. Stop using our rep and no your father ain't a real preacher.
Did Mr. Trump insult your wife?  Is that what this is about?
Thanks 2 U Mommie never even saw it AFTER teaching Washington DC area how awesome it'd be
JERK!
amazing
@NASA
@SenTedCruz @NASA @SenTedCruz and you can also remember this day as the Day you sent your political career to the Moon.
You should have moon walked OFF the stage! NOT endorse @realDonaldTrump How rude! You have lost much support!
@SenTedCruz Coward!!! Don't lecture us and then not unite or vote Trump!!!!   Loser!!!   Sore loser!!!!
@SenTedCruz you didn't keep your word!!!!!!  Your speech is useless. And cowardly!! Liar!!!  Don't promise/ pledge support & lie!!!!
@SenTedCruz if they can forgive the killer at the church. You can endorse Trumo boooooooooo.  Wtf. Don't expect a vote in 2020!!!!!
@NASA @SenTedCruz
@SenTedCruz #FamousMelaniaTrumpQuotes
A leap that surely paves the way for man in search of habitable planets for safe guarding a future that may not hold good.
I remember that day
We watched it live, Walter Cronkite was crying. My father was almost crying, walking around going "Hot Damn! Hot DAMN!" `-)
What a moment that was! Screen shot of our B&W TV  #OTD in 1969 - sitting on our porch watching the landing. @NASA
Did they?
...in peace for all mankind.
Why are you letting a foreign firm build your moon miner? Why not put that millions of $$ to work for America? Shame!
watched when it happened on 19" b & w tv
cool
<3 <3 <3 @NASA
a very long night (UK time) but a truly wondrous one.
#omega was timekeeper
Gr8 info
why was project blue book terminated
have you guys had to deal with the *der landing was faked* crowd yet?
real giant

- Was is just a coincidence that Apollo 11's moon landing on this day July 20th also happens to be Ancient Egyptian's New Year's Day?
There was a time when we dared to do great things.Now,we argue about who has to pay for things we need.
@TaraToGo Allegedly..I've watched 'Capricorn One' as well !!
#hoax
what a moment in time perhaps the biggest event in world history.
I love #NASA and I love #Apollo11  
@SenTedCruz Is there any way we can send Hillary back there sometime soon?
I was at Yankee Stadium!
I was only five but I still remember the night.
lol...that mission worst century lie...amazing how much fools
Apollo 11 made it to the moon with less computing power than a TI-84 plus graphing calculator
that was pretty good footage from area 51.
I wonder if today 530 million are the people watching at smartphone playing around Pokemon Go. Not a giant leap for mankind, really!
No they didn't haha you faked that shit.
@TnE2016 I actually watched this mission launch in person
#moontage
how did you cope with the Van Allen radiation belts?!? Oh sorry...they did not exist in 1969 
funny what happens when you double the film speed..
as directed by Stanley kubrick
this was so inspirational , the world needs the next injection to drive us forward
what a load of balls that landing was faked simples....
 the fakest thing I've ever seen!!!!
Thanks for the inspiration. Now to Mars!
New science achievement to awesome
@vwadley18 
greatest achievement of mankind
July 20, 1969.  The whole world watched.
My father had us stay up late to watch it live, and I've never forgotten it.
one giant lie to mankind
didn't nasa loose the original footage a few years ago?
viva la space exploration!
Unforgettable. I watched it live with my parents. Still the greatest scientific achievement ever.
And it's not fake.
One of the defining  moments of human existence.
Coincidentally, most or all of the people who believe it was faked are meeting in Cleveland this week.
awesome I remember watching on tv in our classrooms when they took their first steps unforgettable
WOW, is interesting
Most exciting night of this 7 year old's life.
From now on we live in a world where man has walked on the Moon....
 #apollo11
http://www.contactlight.de 
@NASA
LOL - if you're an @DoctorWho_BBCA fan, there's an additional 3 seconds of footage that pops into your head.
great achievement for humanity!
Those were the days. We actually had a ship to fly. Can you believe that.
What mankind can do when it's mind is set on discovery rather than destruction. #moonlanding
Most Honored,@NASA
#Historic And #Glorious Day,For #USA
This Day #Elevated The Progress Of,Mankind.
#Changed The,Civilization.
where were you ? #summerafterHSGrad#anexcitingTimetobe
Alive! #Dadlovedthis
Uzay Ve Araştırma Hayranıyım 1969 Doğumluyum Fakat Elimden Gelen Hiçbişey yok Hayranlık ta Boşa Çıkıyor
watched it with 100 yr old gramma from Slovakia. She took me out n showed me the moon, they weren't on it, she didn't believe the TV.
I watched it live! It was so amazing! I will never forget our first baby steps.
you were fooled
LOL right.
can't believe these hoaxers are still around...
fake!!! Stop lying to the world please ;)
http://www.space.com/17307-neil-armstrong-one-small-step-quote.html …
#FAKE
Does anyone remember that the first few minutes of the broadcast were upside down?
no he never, my nan said it was a lie
hey let's not forget Michel Collins
@NASA
You havent done that for a while, come on NASA get stuck in the world is depending on you
They are too busy with bigger things... like Juno mission, the ISS with six people on it right now-ya know, USEFUL stuff
Directed by 
Stanley Kubrick.
