@GovAbbott republicans looking out for business instead of the people.
When was the last time a poor person created a job? Obamacare is killing jobs & un-insuring middle class @SenTedCruz @GovAbbott
when was the last time a poor guy resin laid off 3000 people? Greed of the insurance companies.
Every large corporation is a conglomerate of stock holders; if investors don't make adequate return they move their money.
then blame the right people for the problem. Those conglomerates use congress to their benefit, not yours. You're being played.
You changed the subject; layoffs are a biz decision; crony capitalism in D.C. is a real political problem & polls need to say no!
no, you brought up poor people crating jobs. I countered with them not laying off people. Blame Obama when it's corporate greed
This may explain: https://youtu.be/sxe5GcMH5yA 
What'll u do for the people with pre existing conditions who couldn't before but now can afford ins, like my sick bro?
I'm sorry for your brother; I too have struggled w/preexisting issue but I can't favor what hurts most to help me. @SenTedCruz
That is the most lame response I have ever heard, so you are the death squad now, WOW.
Death squad because I don't believe my health care needs are your responsibility?
, Not having affordable health care for people with pre-existing conditions is totally HEARTLESS!
Love is not the job of the government. Is your brother able to work or is he disabled by his pre-x condition?
The job of the government is to take care of our country and the people who live there, not just the rich
The Constitution clearly defines the limited role of the federal government & all else falls to the States or the people.
Your support for our nominee has been dismal.
Trump supporters have #longmemories 
#NeverRubioCruzRyan
Cruz is campaigning for Roy Blunt today & they're not exactly bosom buddies & he's been working his tail off to retain Senate.
exactly not a word about Donald Trump.
#drainttheswamp
What have you done lately to help your nation; threatening good public servants who don't bow to nonsensical threats isn't helpful
Good luck in your future endeavors if Hillary Clinton becomes POTUS. Stand your high ground.
https://www.facebook.com/tedcruzpage/posts/10154476728267464 …
supreme court judges is the most important goal above anything else
You still Supporting @realDonaldTrump He excused you of it &v he was doing it!Like @newtgingrich #GSD http://www.w3livenews.com/2016/11/05/The-Wall-Street-Journal-Reports-Donald-Trump-Cheated-on-Melania-With-a-Playboy/4518099 …
Obuma was NEVER insurance, but simply wealth transfer!
how could you vote for @realDonaldTrump when he insulted you during the primary election? Where's your self worth?
Where is Homeland and FBI?? https://youtu.be/l3tQT35CKnE  in Chicago??
tell Obama if he likes his candidate, he can keep his candidate...no really.
Grrrr
clinton is like imelda marcos hungry for power n money
help trump drain the swamp put all differences behind and move forward make america grrat again
leaders must be selfless and put the people's intersest above all
entrepreneurs are people gifted with vision of change
Gen Patton was foul mouthed n vulgar but history vindicated him a genius
choose the lesser evil VOTE TRUMP
How about campaigning for TRUMP if you want to repeal Obamacare!
where are your christian family values? Why not work to make it affordable rather than take it away & let people die.
You have no plan, Trump has no plan, and the Republicans have no plan!  All you people know how to do is obstruct!
weigh in, Ted...we need your thoughts on these occurences..
Hey, did you get your new knee pads,  Trump's balls need your licking.
Ted welcome back
U need 2 stump 4 Trump not bc u like him,but bc he's our nominee,this election matters, u hv a responsibility 2 ur party, Us!
#itsBiggerThanTrump
thanks for being the patriot we always knew you were. Remember the most important thing Hillary can never become president.
worse legacy ever!
@mtnmancurt Thought we were safe with a corp employer's plan, til we needed Doxycycline and they said "No, you can't have that."
I  will be so glad when Obama care it dumped
You have had 6 yrs to change it, You have done nothing, but hold your hand out for more money in contributions from high premium
yawn
yet Medicare is so preventative in treatment of illness before it gets out of hand,causing your to take days off work.. #keepit
Actually BARAK Hussein is a congenital liar. Please do not accept any changes in Obamacare. Repeal first,then rewrite to replace
Obamacare has turned our lives upside down. It is a disaster!
let's see your plan Senator?
ty so very much for campaigning mr CRUZ and have been sending u so many messages  our families need u   Our country needs you
our premiums are going our current plan is dropping us.  Healthy family of 4# Obamacare don't care
Thank you
what will you propose in its place? Are other premiums lower ?
because you clowns have a better idea? All your friends are rich so they don't need to worry. You are NOT in touch with reality
it's pretty simple #FullRepeal
so what can you offer to insure Americans that don't have health insurance?
health care cost now higher than mortgage. People are hurting especially self employed
w e don't need your help trump is comming.
You have proved the establishment needs to be replaced!
We Love You Senator Cruz!!!!!
I thought it was supposed to be the cost of a cell phone bill?
u have had 6 yrs to fix everything wrong with it, stupid t-party learn what God says about working with people,not me me me me
the only option is to opt out and pay or stay in and pay dearly. And despite the "I'm covered" commercials, false security

Politician Obama lied then about Obamacare and lies now about Obamacare.  Nothing but lies.
#Obamacare #FullRepeal
So in other words the Ponzi scheme is over?
you need to be quiet in order to save your reputation!
perhaps if someone would have read it before they passed it, the burden to the public wouldn't have occurred
: Obama is a radical Islamic terrorist and hates America.
Should set up a website where people can post the outrageous hike in their obarfocare accounts!  Get the real truth out there!
pass a replacement plan, oh right too busy throwing mud.
tell the whole story teddie
so why the Republican solution strips it from 20 million Americans?
Obama lied about OBAMA Care- shoved it down Americans throats and then were penalized on taxes for not being able to pay for it
Too bad we can't repeal and replace with either candidate running for POTUS this year :(.
another way to rob Americans of their wealth, much like climate change which man does not cause!!!
Maybe you should expand Medicare. Oh yeah, fuck Obama, and the poor people it would benefit.
Then comes mass chaos, because @SenTedCruz & GOP #FullAppeal crowd have no coherent "replace" plan. Genius, Teddy.
Have you seen this? https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/793831278382428164 … I am your constituent, and I expect you to do something about this.
DoJ Assistant Attorney Peter Kadzik outed as a mole for Hillary Clinton campaign https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/43150#efmABWAB8ACiACqACvADUADXAIF … 
Try writing a letter if you want to reach the ear of @SenTedCruz @RobertBluey
Thanks @Lynn_Rose1 I have already written and called. I recommend everyone do the same with their own congress people.
I just lost my health coverage in N.C! @realDonaldTrump
the only thing about Obama is that he is gone in two months
Gov demands we pay 13k+ for a product we can’t use. Massive premiums but still “self-pay” at my Dr. (2)
Certain states are raising rates like over 55%. This is a plan filled with lies from BHO on ACA, keep you doc, remember?
May i ask. How much are you paying monthly?
I’m a TX constituent. Zero 2017 private plans cover the only specialist in DFW I need. (1)
ObamaCare, the worst Legislation ever passed - and all the thanks is due the Democrats for this disaster...
now get out and campaign for @realDonaldTrump
He's working his butt off to keep the Senate; what are you doing for your nation? @SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump
Wirking people can't afford it, and can't afford to use it. repeal is VOTE GOP WHOLE TICKET
DRAIN THE SWAMP
Looks like some very good reasons to get off your duffs and fix the damned thing, Senator. @SenTedCruz
Nobody has tried harder to address the problem than @SenTedCruz
Nonsense. Repealing it and stripping insurance from millions isn't addressing the problem. #smh @SenTedCruz
shut up & do your job. Put your big boy pants & learn how to work with those across the aisle instead of throwing tantrums 
Get your facts straight & quit listening to the media dribble against @SenTedCruz ; Dems won't compromise on ANYTHING!
lady.. your ridiculous he proudly boasts about this fact as if it were an accomplishment. Have a nice day
Lying ted
