The Court’s rejection of Obama’s executive amnesty is a powerful rebuke of this administration’s lawlessness http://1.usa.gov/28QzJ0q 
.@SenTedCruz Are you retweeting yourself? Not surprised. You'd probably clone yourself. At least your clone would be born in the U.S.
.@army1man1 Oh, stop being so standard.
.@army1man1 Fine, you keep it simple. Meanwhile, we'll use our educated brains.
.@army1man1 I'm 65, and you're calling me son? Please go away. You are a simpleton.
.@SenTedCruz but it's okay for activist senators to shut down the government for ideological reasons?
he has.. & is.
that's the stupidest question I've heard today.. 

DT doesn't need @tedcruz to endorse - he said as much.
you show me where @tedcruz said he would "endorse" DT..
Oh
&
I'll just leave this right here for ya..
Thank you, Senator Cruz. I am your #Texas constituent, and I'd like you to be #PresidentCruz2016 #CruzCrew
@CruzinAhead @SenTedCruz I am not from Texas but I agree completely!! Would like Senator Cruz to become President Cruz
@tedcruz Trump will abolish any freedom for non-Aryans.
Stay the course Sen. Cruz. It ain't over yet. Blessed day. #UnBindTheDelegates @RNC_official
@BullyUzi unfortunately, with no real consequences it won't stop. Probably increase in rate as we approach Nov.
@Love_The_Donald what happened to God country and honor you damn well sell out the people who voted 4 Trump 4 your own ambition
I know the primary was brutal I'm sure there are words you both said that you both regret are you for Clinton
U R either with us or against us 2 make America great again if so get the hell out of the way or we will vote you out
The ONLY reason YOU can vote for POStrump is you are the same dishonorable, dishonest & corrupt prick
@COCrowe Your comments are meaningless without action Ted, we've been hearing this crap for 71/2 year without action.
@Phibear94
AMERICA FIRST, VOTE TRUMP, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, 'NUFF SAID!
America is already great. And no on Trump. Thanks though.
@realDonaldTrump I would really like to see Ted Cruz appointed to Supreme Court.
You all wasted 7 years & did nothing to stop Obama from breaking laws & destroying Constitution
Will Congress hold him responsible if he continues to not enforce our immigration laws?  Or any of them for that matter?? @GOP?
Leviticus 19:33-34
@COCrowe 4 justices voted for tyranny Hillary will put the last nail in America's coffin
@COCrowe Yet he's doing it so why doesn't someone in Congress have the balls to call for his impeachment.
@bakerlarry84 Actually,they just did nothing So lower court decision stands. Deport your illegal criminals now, sovereign Texas!
@Trickadlington The #Left wants globalization and no Nationalism. Open Borders is their mantra! Glad SCOTUS squashed #Obama!
Just like the Constitution gives NO AUTHORITY over #immigration to the fed govt. #BeConsistent
@ChuckNellis  So the Impeachment Process will begin ASAP? Oh thats right Mr. Cruz you work with a bunch of Cowards!!
well technically I think Abraham Lincoln did.
@speedprayers what I don't understand is why this tweet has less than 1500 likes? Where is America?
@drginareghetti they do if they are @POTUS Barrack "I be all about worshiping allah and bringing America to her knees" Obama
@TYCapitalism The 4-4 vote yields a Clarion Call to mandate GOP work together to defeat Hillary who will dismantle Bill of Right
keep fighting the good fight Senator, America needs you!
@niceninja Frightening that 4 goose stepping collectivist statists thought he could...
@tamaraleighllc -Good job Ted. That's the 1st thing you said that wasn't a lie.
All sovereign states: Deport your illegal criminals now! It is your right and your duty to protect your citizens.
do u think he'll obey the ruling? No chance, he's an arrogant elitest pig 
agree
We dont want some dictator or bureaucrat in DC to tell us how to govern, & definitely don't want some foreign NAU bureaucrat!
If Trump wins I hope he appoints you to SCOTUS
Cruz, dude stop.
@DeborahLovesUSA this time I agree with Mr Cruz I also think he would make a excellent supreme Court Justice just a thought!
Thank you for #MakeDCListen NAMELY @POTUS u have always been in the trenches for U.S. (us). Proud u our #Texas' senator
A 4-4 tie vote is no Victory.  Yet, if Congress would have done their job; we'd likely have  a new S/C Justice &  No Tie!
How important can Immigration Reform really be to GOP; when it refused to work with President on the issue; during past 2 years?
Felito;  a 4 - 4 tie on the Supreme Court; is hardly a Victory for either side.  What it points out is Court needs Ninth Justice
@TrustyGordon   It's about Damn Time!!!  Impeach him!!!!
would have been great if the house or senate would have stood up to him! #downwiththeestablishment
@fitethegoodfite Ted start campaigning again asap
No senator like TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz has any morals when he allows our Veterans to die waiting to see a doctor or be admitted.
not valid cuz 8 justices.
If the administration is lawless, and it certainly is. What actions have the #GOP Senate taken? Ans: NONE #RINOs @Obsessedabroad
IT'S ABOUT TIME
@SteveDeaceShow I voted for u n Texas & in primary so this is real question. why have y'all not brought him up 4 impeachment?
@MrPuma2072 But Sir, he almost did with a 4/4 vote.  Please think about that WRT this general election candidates
Is too late to impeach?
@2AFight Finally.
This one did, and still does.
you betcha he doesn't
The #SCOTUS Ruling is a VICTORY for AMERICA because Some #Republicans Pandered to the #Dems on Amnesty #gop 
Dave :-)
Ted I think you should be the next Supreme Court judge trump will appoint you I hope
@just_old_joe @tedcruz is the Man @ProudInfidel33 @totlth @SfaLumberjack21 @Hope012015 @ChuckNellis
but you can help lead congress in closing down govt and not voting on scotus. Your family should be ashamed of you
AMEN
And no Senator has the right to ignore 90% of Americans who favor gun legislation. Need some Windex for your Glass house darling
nice to see the Republicans getting their act together instead of fighting each other.
It should have been a unanimous decision.  Our gov't is become lawless.
He shut down the Government?? I'm one man, who stopped his filibuster more than 24hrs before the deadline?
Do your job and approve Obama's SCOTUS nominee!  You are an embarrassment to our nation and on the wrong side of history!!
Unless a white Republican does it, then it's OK
It's about time!
but will he actually abide by the ruling, he is a sneaky sob.
: We need a mature person and a conservative as president like Ted Cruz. Enough of this undocumented Muslim president Obama.
the 4-4 decision is a reminder of how important the upcoming election is. We have 4 judges who ignore constitution, 5 is fatal.
@TrishLaird why are you working against our nominee, Ted
the congress has nothing but complain about the problem for 30 years. Do your job
he and clinton took 200000000 from social security now medicare is hurting illegals get ss  democrats r stupid
What does this say about the 4 that voted in favor? #StandforPrinciples
Thanks
Delegates revolt, vote for Cruz, country saved.
why do members of Congress forget their job is to do the will of the people! Not what they think is right. What the people want!
then do your jobs write the law for immigration reform, have the house do their job to! Stop doing nothing Our Tax money for not
members our congress have no right to ignore the will of Americans
https://youtu.be/KKy0p5Po_ew 
the house ignores the people's will and go on recess 4 2 weeks. U said this is the people's house, then get ur ass back 2 work
A 4-4 vote isn't a powerful rebuke of anything.  If anything, it's a powerful reminder to vote Trump 2016.
not a drop
soooo http://HAPPY.gives  me a HOPE and a SMILE!!
That's the most intelligent thing you've said for some time! Now endorse Trump.
YOU 535 CON-gress folks, have ALLOWED him/his DOJ to do exactly that. Americans are DYING because of illegals.
You are right.  I don't clam to know about it as much as you.  But isn't that Gov 101 for high school?
Then please stop trying to rig rules committee to go against the will of the people.
Here's a suggestion: How about Congress doing it's job.
Tell that to the 4 SCOTUS justices!
Bye Obama, don't let the White House door slam you in the butt on your way out
You need to be in the White House. I am proud of SCOTUS slamdunking this one.Obama is ignorant of Constitution. He's almost out
Wish we would be enforcing the laws, 2 little girls might still be alive in Louisville, KY  #KatesLaw @WDRBNews
Yeah, but that affirmative action ruling is ridiculous.
I agree.  But if not there..would law be abused?
that's right last night was a sherade fest by democrats.John Lewis little game was a waste of time.Repubs won the night
you must benefit from the "poorly educated"! Trump loves em too!
You lost to a guy who knows nothing about US constitution..... Trump
well he can amend them
yes let's give amnesty and welfare only to Cubans and Canadians like your daddy zodiac killer
says the person that follows a book written by man 2000 plus years ago. This is why you lost to Trump
It won't last long unless you endorse republican nominee.
What?  You mean he's not an emperor?   Huh........
He certainly has the power Congress won't Impeach.
Excellent!
