@Aly_Raisman @gabrielledoug you guys were amazing tonight!
congratulation amigo...
sweet <3
whahahah
they talk about Rihanna they talk about Vanessa Williams they talk about Justin Bieber's they talked about Robin ThickePISCES
Pisces love music and I love being on their feet you keep winning gold medals
Hi I am a big fan and I watch u on TV and u r awesome
I love you for your astonishing performance girl
Congrats to you! I would love to share a poem I wrote called "Heaven Tall". (I'm 4'7")
same
your gorge
Nice work
I'm such a little person Lord, so very small; Yet when I reach my soul to thee, like heaven tall.
is hot!
#STRONGisBEAUTIFUL Pretty Smile! Stay Blessed BEAUTIFUL! Your #1FANLUVBAE
My birthday!
did u vote?
God Bless
Can we date Pisces 4 ever201-496-7187 Rodney L @Facebook. Com
 Simone you are the GOAT
My tasks may seem so trivial, such drudgery; Yet each is touched with nobleness, when done for thee.
Did you know that Taylor Swift and Zac Efron are dating now?!
taylor and zac are not dating. do you believe random bullshit sites?
какая страшная, на обезьяну похожа
all ways your excellent performer.
A lifetime can seem so empty-short, the hours flee- Yet in thy hands life  reaches to Eternity!
She is just perfct 
that was the day before my wife's and my 38th (OMG) Wedding Anniversary!! Couple great days in a row!
you're a superhero! 
@Simone_Biles  #worldsmileday
Ur#1inaTrill&Do more for the worldthan uknow 

https://www.instagram.com/p/BLPu7gYD8NJ/ 
people's will continue to be racist don't let it stop you great music video
love you girl. 
do your music Pisces don't worry about the haters they are predators they don't understand you they're called predators.....
you on the Bus Tour too? 
' VAULT RIO 2016
'  UNEVEN BARS RIO 2016
you were awesome!!
. Lmao!!!!


That was my 10 yr wedding anniversary AND the day my son in law graduated Army Basic Training! Amazing day all around <3
My Birthay!!!   Well Done! I Love You!.
registered to vote? Lets support @HillaryClinton and say no to bigotry and intolerance. Xoxo
I'd love to meet you but I'm in Florida :(
doping champ!!
Congraaaaattts!!!!! Love Bri #superfan
@Suzanne_Vnr son twitter 
Who was your Hero?
http://A.coach  HR
You can see talent...

http://A.coach 
@KeeganAllen 
Serenidade no olhar de quem nunca vai ter dor na coluna
@KeeganAllen can you describe @Simone_Biles in two words please ?
queen

Врач БК ЦСКА: Теодосич не принимал наркотики, не сравнивайте его с Байлз!
https://life.ru/907728  
это нечестная медаль, вы сидите на наркотиках и допингах! Вы украли все свои медали!!!
good job at the olympics
It's your clean sport lier ?
твоей медали - грош цена!
u did a good job god bless u and keep doing u
my daughters go to the places as your too she really want to take picture you you so badly
cheater
August 11, 2016. Olympic Champion??What???
You mean Olympic Drug Champion 2016.
Doping
can you please follow me i love you some much 
shame on you, doping shit
such an incredible olympics athlete! glad you have had the opportunity, thanks to myself #CanalEnlightenment2016

наркоманка на риталин 'е
Позорище мировое :-)
Best gymnast of all time!!!
You are pathetic 1, it's not fair for other to compete with athletes who take drugs, 2, why not tell public you take drugs?
From the legal Point of View it is clear, so she just did what she was told - this is state run doping
TUE has been abused for sure, and Simone Biles's case is just full of arrogance. She should gave back her 4 medals.
Yes Nicki, Thx
DRUG CHEAT!
DOPING Olympic Champion
queen of amphetamine
how can you call yourself an athlete, but still clean?

You´re a great athlet and keep on wining in the way you doing., God Bless you

Может ты и великая, но ты великая с помощью WADA. Жрать запрещенную фармакологию могут только американцы!!! Самой не стыдно???
позор!
just want to say "hi" to dope sportsman with dope medal;)
so proud of you sister !  
Keep going ...
ADHD is a fictitious disease!

шляпа она а не легенда, 
All his life is taking drugs. According to the state program for the extraction of Olympic medals
если ты за чистый спорт, может вернешь 4 золотые медали, как то амфитамин не входит в понятие "чистый спорт без допинга"????
Russian takes something - it's dope. American takes drugs - a clean athlete. How do you live with it, Simone?

u r so pretty definitely wiffee material
Guess Russia still hot from that spanking they got from the Rio Olympics...ROTFLMOA! #simonesupporter
keep doing goodbaby
https://twitter.com/US_progress/status/775808691828293632 …
Doping 
Men or women ???
Simone Biles is Greather Olympic cheater
Well, taking drugs which are forbidden for others isn't fair regardless of your medical conditions. Period.
athletes who take drugs have no place in sports.
we give you all goat faces will have
CONGRATS" 2 a Real #CHOCOLATEQUEEN ya'll! #1FANLUVBAE Keep Smilein" Boi & stay Blessed 2! #STRONGisBEAUTIFUL #DIRTYSOUTHLUVBAE
such a cheater, do you really know how to spell the word "clean"???
теперь понятно как ты медаль получила.  Наркоманка с телом мужика
a monkey! You have also
you American junkie... you got the medal unfairly
CHEAT!

Не останавливайся на достигнутом. Продолжай жрать допинги!
Don't be a hypocrite. Evidence of the adoption of Russian athletes doping, nobody has presented, and her snout in a good fluff
Its merit is only that he honestly and fairly (when it poked its nose), admitted that he took banned drugs
you cheat and liar
Shameless. Eat doping. No shame, no conscience.
when you return medals?
Now the whole world knows how you get the gold.Faking Cheater!
Fake medals, Fake illness, No shame - perfect portrait of US athletes.
When you do not pay attention , make friends or boyfriend , not Accepted doping ) )
drug cheats
cheater
addict
"To you spit in eyes - God's dew". What is pure sport? You unscrupulous person!
Сhampion a drug-addled...WADA shit !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ОТДАЙ МЕДАЛЬ СУКА! )
You a not Champion you cheater!!!
bring back a medal! You take the dope! You do not deserve the title of Olympic champion!
You are cheater! Return you gold medal - it'll be REAL FAIR play!
She is keeping ALL 4 of her gold medals that she earned with blood, sweat, and tears.
you're not champion, give back your medals
She's a 4 time Olympic champion. And always will be.
sure, with doping and #WADA she will be
cheater
I dope because I'm sick. What about RUSSIAN paraolympians ?
cheater
#doping you are lier! It's not your gold!
All 4 of those gold medals are definitely hers. She earned them too.

Diagnoses for which athletes received permission from WADA, the documents were not disclosed . Get back gold
But were not disqualified and won at the Olympic games in Rio de Janeiro, 4 gold and one bronze medals
Bails in August 2016 passed test positive for methylphenidate
Golden methylphenidate, dextroamphetamine
You not star, you just lier and thief
Cowards - you all can't use fairplay
Answer me: why americans can use doping and why russians can't ?
usada - liers and thieves !
yes, yes, clear sportsmen's and bla bla bla
This document actually proves Simone's point of following protocol and believing in clean sport.
Denying all awards Simone Biles for the reception of doping!
Greetings from Russia 

ну а что, подруга, как здоровье, как допинг?
you.the girl has a medal and attention deficit.but an hour-long no conscience and honor.and it is innate.not from pills.
ha ha
without doping did not win , and your diagnosis is treated " cold shower " .
Shame USA.
Dopelimpic Chamion
верни медали, ты наркоманка...
U r truly a real champion! Commitment to excellence!
Hail pharmacology!


fake champions
you are a cheater!!
Olympic champion in dishonesty.
A SHAME !!!!!  
                         A SHAME !!!!!
August 11, 2016. Positive test for a banned substance. OTHER then the one already allowed by WADA for ADHD
оп героинчик


fuck

dope dope dope
so do you take a pills?  shame on you...
