I've always held your dad in such high regard. He is one of my modern day heroes. Happy Birthday Rev. Graham.
if your father believes the scriptures why does he not want to go to heaven
 @Franklin_Graham @BillyGraham that is just disrespectful foolishness
franklin graham are you ready to go your father was a preacher of the word of god does he believe that word that he preached
of course he does you took a hope he makes it to a hundred and turned it into a soap box for yourself continue & I'll ignore
ignore me u ignore godsword good nite and god bless u
Happy Birthday Billy.  God bless you! !!
Happy Birthday to such a great Godly man!! We sure do need you now more than ever!! Much love!
happy birthday Rev. Graham. You have been an inspiration and Godly example to so many. God continue 2 bless U
Happy birthday brother, Graham! God has truly used you in a mighty way!
your father may live long more than 100
Happy Birthday and many blessings  to your daddy! And thank you so very much for praying with our nation tonight. We so needed that!
God Bless and Happy Birthday From Romania! God give and add 120 Moshe!
Reverend Graham is an American treasure. I wish him many blessings on his birthday and pray he goes past 100.
A very blessed birthday to Rev. Graham. A true servant of God.
Happy#98Birthday. Many more to come.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, BILLY GRAHAM!!
#ManyFoundChristthruBillyGraham
I do too ! Hope hehad a wonderful day!
happy birthday Billy! You've aged well.
Happiest of Birthdays, Reverend Graham! <3
Happy Birthday, Billy!
@Perley56 @BillyGraham 4U2B Blessed 
oh may God grant him that grace!
Oh to hear your fathers voice, 'In just a moment, we're going to be asking you to come and give your heart to Jesus!'
Happy birthday @BillyGraham hope it was a blessed one
i hope he does I've listened to him sence I was young god bless him
Happy Birthday 2 a misogynistic homophobe
God Bless you today on your 98th Birthday and Every Day.  Happy Birthday Rev Billy Graham.
God's Blessing on your Birthday Rev. Graham.  Thank you for all you've done in His service.
happy birthday Mr. Graham #98thBirthday thank you for boldly being one of God's greatest mouth pieces.
happy happy birthday to wonderful Christian servant.
@SharonMcCutchan @BillyGraham Happy Birthday!!
A true blessing of God's to the world Happy Blessings overflowing 98th Birthday! 
#HappyBirthdayBillyGraham
@carrieksada @BillyGraham Happy Birthday Billy Graham
Happy birthday
happy birthday Rev.Graham!
Special Birthday greetings from the Baker's (Sav.,Ga.).  Pray you have a blessed day!
Happy Birthday!!!
I'm hoping he sees jesus return.what a great spirt
, Amen to that..

Happy Birthday.
Hbd Sir. I am sure he will
Happy Birthday Billy. God Bless
Happy Birthday Mr Billy Graham.
You should swallow a sword while you're at it
What does getting to 100 matter? You believe he dies he goes to heaven? Have him die and let us all live better lives
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIR 
Showers of blessings 
Like father like son. Grifters for Christ.
Too bad his son is a racist bigot posing as a preacher.
your dad is an amazing human, and I feel love for his "love of God."
If Hillary becoming prez doesn't kill him.
Podesta brothers as suspects in Madeleine McCann abduction kidnapping
he's waiting for the rapture
Happy Birthday to you @BillyGraham!
Saw your dad when I was a young boy. Dynamic!! My dad is a former pastor and he loves him as well! HBD!
Happy Birthday Billy-WOW enjoy this beautiful day the Lord has given us! My friend turned 100 on Friday!
a. Happy Birthday to Bro.Billy Graham! Many more to come.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, Rev. Graham!                  ~Numbers 6:24-26
does Your dad still like to eat McDonalds
Happy Birthday and many more! God Bless!! You are a true inspiration!!!
- Happy Birthday Rev Graham!
May you continue to be blessed as your influence has touched and blessed countless lives! Happy Birthday!
I hope he does too. He's a great man.
happy birthday mr graham and god bless you
I hope he does also. <3
Happy Birthday to the holy, Reverend Billy Graham. Thank you for all you have given to mankind.
Happy Birthday, and thank you for years of preaching the word of God to so many
Happy Birthday to your Dad!
I prayer does live to be 100. I have so many memories of him preaching on the television. We miss his crusades
living in this world I'll be fifty-seven 23rd 30 more years
@vonnmonaco @BillyGraham 
Happy Birthday Rev. Graham. I pray health, healing & blessings in Jesus name. 
Happy Wonderful Birthday, Mr. Billy Graham! We are so blessed to have you in our lives! #texasgrammy
Name Iit and Claim it. HAPPY BIRTHDAY
@don_wilton @BillyGraham thank you Father God for Rev. Billy Graham bless him today in Jesus name amen
 Happy Birthday  for a Wonderful Man of God !
Happy Birthday!!!
happiest of birthdays Mr. Graham.
@don_wilton @BillyGraham Happy birthday Dr. Graham!
***Happy Birthday Billy Graham***
Was Born in Billy Graham Country of NC & His Sermons 2 the Masses on B&W-TV
Happy birthday Billy

happy birthday and blessings for many more
Happy Birthday Billy Graham! God bless you!
Happy birthday Billy! May you have continued blessings in your life!
My Grandmother, bless her heart, widow of her Rev. husband when my Mother was 13 found great comfort frmyou 
Happy Birthday Dr.Graham from all my family!! We appreciate you always!!!
Happy Birthday our dear @BillyGraham ! We pray 4ur health &strength! UR a SUPERB Christian! UR really blessed! God bless!
Happy Birthday, Reverend Graham!
Happy, blessed birthday!
Me too!!! Birthday blessings Mr Graham today and this whole year!!
Happy Birthday may God continue to use you and bless you.
a great man!!
Happy Birthday and God Bless.
happy sweet birthday to you!!
Happy Birthday Rev Graham. An inspiration to the entire country. God Bless
Happy Birthday to your father; God bless him.  Always loved listening to his crusades
"Happy 98th Birthday" 
Rev. Graham.
happy birthday reverend Graham
: Happy Birthday Rev Graham! Blessings & Thank You for the wonderful sermons over the years!
happy birthday Billy. My grandson shares your birthday.
amen!
We pray he does to!
Praise God!
Hope to have you many more lighting the way.God bless you and yours.
Happy Birthday to Rev. Billy Graham! God bless him. Enjoy your Dad while you have him.
Happy  Birthday Dr Graham! Have a great day today!
Happy birthday Billy, you shined a light where there was once darkness. God Bless You!
Happy birthday @BillyGraham !!! Blessings to you.
Happy Birthday Dr Graham! You have been a blessing to my family & all Americans for as long as I can remember
Happy Birthday!
Happy 98th Birthday @BillyGraham May the Lord continue to bless you as you have blessed so many
has been a blessing to multitudes. Your father has probably led more sinners to Christ than anybody. God Bless
I hope he does too Trump in will have 4 years of mercy and Grace Hillary and web for years of tribulation
Happy Birthday to Pastor Billy Graham!
Happy 98th Birthday Rev Billy Graham! Please know we still remember you & will never ever forget you #ManOfGod
I'm sure he doesn't support trump
You're both terrible people
We love you anyway Chris!
Franklin Graham is a bigot
Happy Birthday! My parents/family life changed thanks to your christian service.
Happy Birthday!!!
Happy Birthday Reverend Graham, may you get your wish and make it to 100
Happy Birthday!!!
Good chance God may take away the country first?
