Maybe we don't need Congress accomplishing results?
all I can say is.....we have been here before....let's pass it this time...article 5...
Incorrect @marklevinshow @tedcruz US legislatures are stuck in the 19th C with their  short 2 yr life, average worldwide wd be 4 yrs perhaps
"Fixing Washington: On Improving Institutional Design in the United States" 
@marklevinshow @tedcruz @SenCreighton
Churchill said the US Constn was "rigid', I said in 2006 it was too antiquated https://independentindian.com/2006/11/05/american-democracy/ …
@marklevinshow @tedcruz @SenCreighton
Here is another plan to make it harder for career politicians to keep office.
Trump was correct on the 4billion dollar price tag for new Airforce 1's. You were incorrect. You are too quick to criticize
Where in the hell did you dig that up? There is not a contract in place to build.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4015320/Trump-RIGHT-Air-Force-One-Government-budget-documents-Boeing-program-slated-cost-4-billion.html …     Pentagon budgeting documents
Those budgets will continue to change as options are picked and contracted. Let him fly in a Cessna.
How does Trump know what a fair cost of new technology should be. He has never purchased military aircraft before.
@rockynickydog @washingtonpost Please,  please pass.
I responded 2 Sen. Cruz' tweet, "dream legislation". However, it's gonna take Article V! Congress won't limit themselves!!!!
If Congress would pass Term Limits legislation, my faith in our Republic would grow exponentially!
@USTermLimits @marklevinshow term limits are a requirement in govt, absolute power corrupts absolutely!!
They put term limits on the President. It is well over time to put people in Congress for a short time and then leave.
I agree with u ,keep lt up! Walter
Hooray!!!
ALSO.....END ALL PENSIONS !!!!!
Term limits  great start...next revert senate election back to state legislature
Are the ones there going to be "Grandfathered" in? If so, forget it!! Haha!! Just joking.
@CruzinAhead @washingtonpost Yes! Do it. All these old farts racking in and power till death must end
Wait ... they want to limit Congressional term limits? How about having term limits first? (Listener since your 1st show).
i'll spt that.  It's a shame they can't put IQ litmus in there somewhere to limit the likes of Pelosi, Waters etc.
we need term limits to hold back greed n power. They have a job to do n not get rich from Americans
With term limits, politicians will know they have a limited amount of time, to make all the money they can:(
Or they will realize not enough time for personal gain. Are you 4 giving more time 2 build personal kingdoms? @marklevinshow
I'm for constituents accepting responsibility for ALLOWING their representatives to IGNORE THEM.  Vote .
How's that been working out for us?
YES. Never understood Republicans not supporting this for years. Now I know there are some republicans that are really dems.
yep. PEOTUS is a Democrat.
Nope, if he was the democrat, the left would not be melting like the wicked witch of the west.
Trump is a life long Democrat. His entire family are Democrats. There are mountains of information on this.
Reagan was a Democrat. I go by their policies, not labels.
Reagan was a conservative Democrat. Hence the famous "I didn't leave my party. My party left me", quote.
You are what you believe. Nearly everything he stands for is the opposite of Democrats. That defines him.
everything he stands for are leftist Ideologies. New Deal economics. Over turn the 1st A and weaken the 2nd A.
Or Cruz could just quit
How about closing DC offices of rank & file pols?  They can work from HOME, w/every contact w/DC a matter of PUBLIC RECORD.
Yes sweet. It will never happen sad but true!!!
Trump called him lying Ted for a reason. He lies to get what he wants, him and his wife is for the NWO.
Or bugger eating Ted: http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/DDMkw … Enjoy! 
I remember that video, I can't watch it again. Just grossed me out.
 Seriously?
can be done without Cruz. He's a snake. How did everyone forget his dirty politics, paid people to vote 4 him?
Because of the deceptive liberal media. 
We have to make 
Trump, who I voted for, good on his promise for term limits.
Yes! Term limits! No more professional politicians.
- Make it happen.
...Hii mark R levin how are u.
That would be the best Christmas present ever to every American citizen!
unintended consequence of this amendment...perpetuating and codifying in CONSTITUTION revolving door for LOBBYISTS
@tedcruz No longer matters and will never be relevant to anyone except Mark Levin
Never happen.  Some of these IDIOTS CAN't do anything else but collect goverment welfare for doing nothing
We have term limits. It's called a vote.
The bad thing with term limits is what if I like the person and want him to stay in?
But not gerrymandering aka the real reason congress gets nothing done. Hmmmm....
Can we also do away with Congressional pensions? Let them put money in a 401k like the rest of us.
We all have been calling 4 term limits a long time.I would also like to c a Pay cut of 20% from all federal elected positions
Nooooo! Utter failure here in California. A team players no longer run. We get C and D team players. No. a thousand times no.
@tedcruz There he goes, being all Lucifer-ish again.  #cruzforscotus
Finally!!
Mark you are a hypocrite and can't decide which side of the isles to go with. Pretty pathetic. Complete BS
@tedcruz As long as businesses are pulling the strings behind the scenes, it won't matter who the next round of puppets are.
@tedcruz why did McConnell hand over FCC to Dems to censor us more ?
They don't  want to give Hillary a Justice bath, so anything nearing equity is off-limits for them now.  Billionaires call.
This will only work in a Convention of the States.
please look at how term limits have impacted CA legislature. Cronyism and nepotism at its worst.
They need to throw in SCOTUS term limits too. Too much power.
the only way republicans could defeat Willy Brown was term limits. Look at the state of the CA GOP now.
they have term limits in California, but it hasn't made a difference. What we need is more informed voters!
Also, reduce senate terms to 4 years.  Members of Congress should be subject to voter recall.
our founding fathers had the right idea.  Term limitations is a bad idea
If I'm not mistaken after it passes, the States have to ratify it. Hopefully, there is enough states to do so
too bad this will never be passed
yaaaassssssss!!!!!
Harry Reid, Babs Boxer are just 2 who are poster rats for this move.
I sure hope they have the backing to get this passed!  High time we have term limits for more than just the Prez!!!
I hope the term limits bill passes.
finally Cruz does something for the people
Ted Cruz lol he still around that moron couldn't even beat Kasick at the end. lol Ted Cruz what a moron
Amen, that is a solid start
- Term Limits are ideal, but watch them fight like cats & dogs to stop it from happening #SuckThatGovtTeat
Trump talked about term limits in his rallys several times
Sen Cruz is just marvelous. Is he coming up on CRTV?
I DISAGREE. THE EMPHASIS SHOULD BE ON IMPROVING A  BETTER INFORMED CITIZEN VOTER. RESULTS; BETTER CANDIDATES, AND LEGISLATORS
Need to limit staffers too
@benshapiro hey ben..this is what Trump means by "drain the swamp". im dumbfounded that you don't get it.  GS isnt it
@grc_seaofred  SCOTUS must Have a choice to retire and if sick and become demented & unable to function...forced retirement 
@TRodda87 uphill battle to get this passed but as usual I'm 100% on board.
@FoxNews @NatEnquirer #Fl #NC #OH #PA #WI #NY #TX #MI #AZ #TN #GA #CA #IN #SC #NH #KY.
good start
And....whose Idea was it?     Can you say Trump?
brilliant.  Thanks senator Cruz
With that should also make it where U go back to your old job when you leave w/o residual income or benefits
@tedcruz @washingtonpost How about an amendment overturning Citizen's United. That is the only way to #draintheswamp
@tedcruz  I can think of few things that would be better for this country than term limits.Most become crooks
@tedcruz it would b fun to watch these CarPol's explaining why it would hurt the country 2 limit their terms.
There is a need to register and audit lobbyist and donors!
In addition; after finishing the legal limits of terms in one House or the other; such Congressmen should . . .
. . . should NOT be eligible to run for Election to the other House!
@marklevinsho Further; Congress Members should be prevented from, "lobbying up;" with Self-Interest ed Corporations.  No Revolving Door!!
Yes!  Getting results is far more important than career networking and conveniently kicking the can down the road.
@CentFL4Trump @washingtonpost should not qualify you for a lifetime retirement. Unfair
@CentFL4Trump @washingtonpost yes term limits  and change rules in retirement. Because 5 years in congress
Why don't they just pass a law? It doesn't have to be a constitutional amendment.
@rust_ideas @washingtonpost About Freakin Time.
Ted Cruz also likes everything about the Carrier deal apparently.  Still no comment from you on that.
@SenTedCruz @RepDeSantis Hope it succeeds but seriously doubt it.COS will be venue to amend.Kudos to Sen Cruz &Cong DeSantis
that's a little confusing...
@celticmist @washingtonpost It's a start. Of course voting them out works too.
how long before we have 1 term politicians collecting life long benefits?
@ChuckNellis @washingtonpost I think this has been proposed before, it didn't fly. Shld include 0 benefits once term is over!
need to rid ourselves of this political ruling class return to citizen legislature
That's how good companies are managed! Lately though many managers get bonuses/whatever for any results!Workers pay though!!!
Yeah!  Term limits!!!
about time. Next, institute limits on how long staffers can hang around. #maga
Long overdue.
love it. But would wants limits on Cruz and many others in the house + Mike Lee. I want the good ones to stay. I wish 
now maybe we will start the process
Love Cruz but this is a terrible idea. Lobbyists will rule. Inexperience will reign.
All for it. The only way to truly Drain the Swamp.
Lyin Teddy Cruz political career is over. Ted is dead.  Made an ass out of himself at GOP convention
Thank GOD it's about time now they can't make a living on us maybe we can go back to regular people who care about this country
Whoopee!!! Surly hope this goes all the way.  So needed.
doesn't that make the bureaucrats more powerful?
long overdue. need to get it done.
@tedcruz @washingtonpost Mark why won't Cruz Cornyn et al tell me if they oppose McConnell Durbin on fcc appointmnt staffer
Thank U @tedcruz - Should add Congress and staff CANNOT exempt themselves or Staff from laws they pass "for the people".
Should hear some interesting excuses to thwart the will of the people.
@tedcruz @washingtonpost praying it passes
@tedcruz @washingtonpost Ted Cruz says what he means and means what he says. They don't come any better.
Now if we could only count on the populist TV game show host POTUS to sign it into law
Why stop there? Put limits on those who sit on The Supreme Court and military leaders too.
amen
ELIMINATE RETIREMENT PENSIONS & PERKS! LIVE LIKE AMERICANS DO! No special deals!
I can get behind that.
no viable or logical reason not to have term limits in Congress.
excellent 
Senator 2 terms=12 years house 3 term=6 years.
Now, as Trump snuggles up with establishment career politicians...lets watch him oppose this sensible remedy to the swamp.
we need to get rid of he Pelosi crew they are crazy
I really think she is batshit crazy
When it's a career it becomes corrupt.
and it better pass,dam it.
most important thing needed to be done. Will make them work for people not party
great idea, NO WAY it goes through!!!!!
Republicans are part of the Swamp and they too must be sent home-we didn't get this bad without their support for big gov't
@tedcruz @washingtonpost Either Congress does it or @COSProject  will!
Time to cut off the octopus tentacles... They are shocking us!
NOW MARK,  I can agree with you.  This is necessary and should be a high priority.  Will it happen?? we can only hope
How are you going to get them to limit themselves? Seems hopeless, but I'm all for term limits.
LOL lots of talk but they know they don't have the votes to get term limits It's all show wake up people
drain the existing swamp first, then rebuild with limits
@tedcruz @washingtonpost right on Ted!
@tedcruz @washingtonpost this is how you guys work for the people.. good going
term limits from president right down to congress and all in between
I love this idea but, tough to talk them into giving up their own job.
Bet McConnell, Pelosi, and Graham will be big supporters.
Too bad this too will get nowhere.
@tedcruz @marklevinshow let's see how many Republicans really want to limit power.
Think unintended consequences. With term limits we get talking heads run by special interests
Let's hope this gets the attention it deserves.
Agreed with logical terms to go past any president 8yrs in office to have continuity result impact before term-end!
This will make lobbyists and bureaucrats more powerful in D.C. They'll have all the institutional knowledge.
The "political" class voting themselves out of power? Don't hold your breath.
then they do not need pensions and all the free benefits for life!
@tedcruz @washingtonpost it's about time to limit the time!!!
needs to be in the top 20 to push thru congress
More posturing BS from Cruz. If he's serious about term limits, SHOW US, by retiring at the end of his current term.
@tedcruz @washingtonpost this should've been done years ago.
As a Country, we Need this!
I long for the day that we have representatives that would rather be back at home, and not wanting to live in D.C.
@tedcruz @washingtonpost Amen
Can't read article wthout subscription.
Do you have bill numbers Mr. Levin, or is it just talk at this point?
this is needed. I respect Cruz and DeSantis for being pioneers.  This will strike fear in the heart of the establishment.
This is only way to solve the problem of career politicians. Incumbents to well funded for fair race for seat
Hope & Pray this happens~!  Make it happen Mr. Cruz.  Please.
you really do have an issue with democracy, or are you implying the american system is inherently corrupt
it's about time!
hopefully it will be done next year
No chance to pass....
it's about time
They don't want drain the swamp. Trump does.
Yes!!!!!
YES! About damn time!
Love the idea.
I say in the Senate 2 terms-12 years and in the House 4 terms-8 years
.@marklevinshow 
100% With Mark On This
We Need Term Limits
In All Branches Of Government
#MAGA
A lot will be said by those members who vote against this action. It is a long time coming and needed.
I'll be paying attention
we need term limits in the Supreme Court as well.
Yes!! 2 terms is enough. McConnell needs to start packing. He's part of the problem.
throw in a reduction of benefits. Let's do this!
They need to limit time off. To much time not in session. Why should we pay them for so many days off?
we have term limits. They are called elections.
If only it were that simple. Campaigns cost money and the most well financed candidate usually wins
yes voters are too stupid. SMH
@RealDeanCain And they should call it the "Harry Reid Amendment"
@SenTedCruz @washingtonpost @realDonaldTrump he is dashing and daring .
Time for them to get a job and stop stealing from the American people.
turkey neck mcconnell has already said he won't bring it up for a vote. I think it's a great idea.
nonononono. We have a method for term limits. It's called an election.
Term Limits would fix a lot of the Crap for sure! Afraid that OLD HOOT OWL will never let it come up for a vote.
@SenTedCruz @washingtonpost Gee, call me skeptical when someone like Ted Cruz wants unlimited campaign contributions, also.
Perfectly expressed. After a few years they feel 
that they have perpetual employment & 'jockey' for position.
Overdue
Nobody should be allowed to have a career for a position that was meant to be temporary & become immune to their own policies
