
you are so stuck in "hope and change". Hope you still have change. Merry Christmas!
Thanks! Merry Christmas to you too!
make fun now because I made fun of your Santa for 8 miserable years. Coal Santa has not been jolly at all!
oh you have not seen miserable, believe me, BIGLY!
@coratagge How do you know that?
that is a good question. First, you have to believe in God then you have to have faith. Sorry 4 you.
Do I know you? If not dont be sorry brother
if you knew me you would call me brother. Merry Christmas!
merry xmas
@Mindy4110
@peddoc63 why not come again- 2000 is a long time
now tell us the story of how @realDonaldTrump punked you and how you lick his ass crack now @DonaldJChump @realGollumTrump
you sure have a sick & perverted mind. Why such nasty words?
nasty words for sick and perverted people
Actually, many Theologians believe that Jesus was born in the summer. Also,Christmas is a bastardized version of a pagan holiday
your point? Who cares when He was born? Fact, He was!
Really? It was more of a comment on the hypocrisy of Christianity than anything else.Sorry that was lost on you
. Well we need Jesus again to save us from you, the republicans(specially the deplorables) and donny jerk trump!! Amen!!
keep praying maybe your heart will change. The little O was not Devine as so many thought. Merry Christmas!
@Brialalexi According to CNN at 3:15 am January 9, 2016 Donald J Trump rose from the deplorable dead pile and became President
He came to save us from people like you. Thanks be to God .
nobody came here 2000years ago to save nobody, western propaganda has been found as bare-faced lies. Are you not tired of lies?
thank you for serving our Country. Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas
Christmas is the story of a Middle Eastern family searching for a safe refuge. You should read the Bible, it's a great story.
must've Bethlehem PA because a foreigner could never do as good as one could in 'Merica
- Midde Easterners!
@davehudspeth AWESOME!  Truly! 
Ted #MerryChristmas to you and yours from my little family in #NewHampshire
Thanks for filling us in on that history Teddy.
Nobody likes the self righteous phony like you
Merry Christmas to the Cruz family!
and he was not born to "poor immigrants".
they were refugees from the middle East.
This is the real story of Christmas. If we follow Christ, peace will flourish and harmony will rule between men.
and he was a dark-skinned homeless man who healed the sick for free and never spoke a word of english.
#hero
#JesusTheLiberal
@NYPD48Pct YES CHRIST THE SAVIOR CAME TO SAVE US..AMEN
Teddy if that is your current events Tweet, you will never be a successful politician.Pandering is insulting from you
Teddy if that is your current events Tweet, you will never be a successful politician.Pandering is insulting from you
@ St. John the Baptist Assyrian Church of the East, Erbil, Iraq. 2 hour prayer service. All in Aramaic. All sung. #POWEROFFAITH
another gift squandered by mankind Merry Christmas

That would be in Palestine, where a brown skinned Jesus was born, & the current indigenous natives of the land are Palestinians
Amen! Merry Christmas!
MERRY CHRISTMAS Senator!!!!!!!!!!!
Merry Christmas!
2,000 years ago, the child of an impoverished Middle Eastern Woman, born in a shed, brought peace. Support refugees.
The world is still dangerous, Jesus .
Who taught you math?  You rounding off..... Christ?
Good to know you believe in myths, instead of science.
True, but that pesky science thing tells us it was actually in spring or summer...and even that the year is wrong! Eeek!
"Trust Ted"         - I Believe!!
Hallelujah!
yep, ok guy..
amen
bless the middle easterners in your Manger seeking refuge @SenTedCruz
not refugees, following gov order and planning to return back home. Learn the story before commenting.
#merrychristmas ♡
TIL Jesus was born in A.D. 16 not A.D. 1 (or 6-4 B.C. if you are of the current historical belief)
And has #KilledMillions
Thanks for the post. That sacred night, In a stable with beasts of burden, he who bore our burdens was born, our Good Shepherd
Jesus failed, and he wasn't a Christian
Merry Christmas to you and your beautiful family. Texas Loves You, Always
what's taking him so long
#fakenews
Yes, He did!  Merry Christmas Eve!! @sentedcruz
Instead he inspired a bunch of narrow-minded hate-mongers like you! #MerryChristmas #PeaceAndLove

Amen sir!! Merry Christmas to you and your family and may the Lord bless you. Thank you for being a true patriot. Happy new year
Politifact has labeled this as false because it was actually 2,016 years ago (or more like 2,021).
Sorry, but Yeah He did & if you don't agree, don't follow & bother an obvious Christian! @avantpope @sentedcruz
he says he's not to bright and apparently he isn't!
True! Sad, but true! @attytray @avantpope @sentedcruz
Just his use of "to" should tell you something there lol.
