@85thLegislature Radical Islam and Radical Christianity have a lot in common, LGBT intolerance for example.
Christians tolerate homosexuality.... Muslims throw homosexuals off of buildings... no comparison

secondly, show where Ted supports murdering homosexuals ..... I'll wait....
lol You are arguing against arguments I've not argued. What in HRC's post was inaccurate?
you are trying to say that Christians and Muslims share the same views of homosexuals which false
I am trying to say that both are opposed to LGBT. Methods used to express are not my point.
methods used are exactly the point. Christians don't murder because they disagree
.@SenTedCruz It appears ISIS is finally joining your cohorts in your fight against the LGBTQ community. Praise the Lord...
LOL... Really! You might want to ask Ted about that one dear...
@PremiumTimesng ISIS is equivalent the right wing evangelical nuts. Did u read what I shared with u?
Not all Christians but many here,  no?
If u know of an organized group that espouses such behavior please call them out.
Wait, now it's about being able to buy guns?
Sure it is. For a jihadist sympathizer, usa is perfect. You can legally buy the artillery needed to slaughter
Which certainly explains 9/11 and the Boston Marathon.
No we're not!
Neither the house nor the senate has taken ANY action to promote or forbid military engagement in the Middle East.
Capitol Hill has abdicated its authority to the president.

Only thing you've done is an ersatz "filibuster" & costly shutdown.
@dosntmatter10 I agree with you. You need to help Trump beat Hillary now though or it will only get worse if she wins.
it's been declared since the first Clinton this is not suprising
Looks like photo shop to me.
UPDATE: They did that the moment your pals Bush & Cheney decided to invade their countries. Surprised you don't know that.
Yet you and @realDonaldTrump will continue to split the conservative voters and ensure a Clinton win. Divided, we fall.
@LyleKlich . Hey Senator,  news flash we have been at war since 9-11!
@veriphile
They declared war back in 1979, in Tehran, Iran! We've suffered 36 years of terrorist attacks & our leaders still don't get it!
Yes we are at war and our leaders want to DISARM us.  Our leaders then side WITH our enemy.
good thing it's not a state actor w/ force projection.
and we are selling them the guns at home. Keeps guns away from bad guys! #filibuster
Then where is the plan? What can we do? What are you going to propose in the Senate?
What a load of shit.
@ChgocadChic guys love Ted Cruz,true American tks Ted let ban Muslim,no more 911,or Boston,or Chattanooga,let fucking be strong
yes, they have been at war with us for hundreds of years. They declared war on us, not the other way around
@RadicalRW Remember: The same government that has failed to protect you time and time again wants to take your guns away.
@GaetaSusan spread the word senator all over capital hill
And they are not marching up the East River or the Mississippi so we better be armed at street level and ready everywhere.
said the senator who has on many occasions stoked intolerance and hatred of the LGBTQ community! Denounce homophobia 1st...
@eye2winner Hillary goes to churches to preach for votes.. Today, she refused to mention Christians in groups murdered by ISIS.
@eye2winner Hillary: "I won't let ISIS take USA back 2 midieval times when women covered heads in shame"
@RonNehring    Our Nation Needs President Ted Cruz  !!!
Away, you bottle-ale rascal, you filthy bung, away!
@EternalRiteWing I actually agree with you for once, but don't let that go to your head
. Newtown, Binghamton, VA Tech, Santa Barbara, and too many others. They don't count in your 'war'? You are pathetic
@jaydiesel0001 - You don't think that over 200 anti-LGBT bills would lead directly to the largest mass shooting in US history? 
#baitAndSwitch @SenTedCruz  points at radical Islam while radical GOP actively attacks LGBTQA rights in Texas. Classic misdirect. #tcot
@DrSueDVM Obama should be Removed & Hillary should LOSE along w/ every Senator & Congressman who call for gun control over this.
@DrSueDVM M you finally commented, Ted. You still have a following. Stay on the grid and keep tweeting.
Ted, YOU should still be running, NOT these two pompous crooked a$$es we have running right now!
are you just coming to that conclusion ...Id say your kinda late..closing barn door after horse was stolen
@redbrasco THE HEAD OF THEIR SPEAR
Remember when you declared jihad on my people?  Let me remind you

#SitDownAndShutUp
could you let @POTUS know?
Then why have you voted 2 increase Muslim immigration? Why have u voted 4 open borders? U are at fault too!
since muslims have only committed 4% of mass shootings since sandy hook. What u calling the other 96%? Christian jhihad?
since musl
@ssullivan315 and what are you going to do now..still want 300000 of them here?
Gosh, wish people would wake up ! Of course, it'll be conservatives ' fault ( to their own detriment) and ours ! Dang it.
@RosieChihuahua And you are promoting that the war continue.
WE NEED A PRESIDENT THAT RECOGNIZES THAT FACT
@SheilaGunnReid Only the Republicans have the guts to call it what it is:
"Radical islamic terrorism"
,,,DO YOU THINK?  If you would quit trying to get Killary elected it might help the situation some,... #MAGA
Seriously... Let's look at ur gun laws first ...then determine this person's mental health...Sydney siege perp was MENTALLY ILL
@Shaughn_A Then Congress should have declared war on them on 9/12/2001
@ADLeVier
Christ saved me in near death experience. Trumpsters hate me for increasing Johnson Weld! https://youtu.be/TVB_tPrHi7I 
then why did you vote for those on no-fly FBI list to buy guns? #Orlando
.@SenTedCruz @vjeannek 
The moose always attacks during Rama Lama Ding Dong
https://youtu.be/SLAKhWpXz2U 
@WyattEarp2 What was the first hint?
thanks for the hot tip captain obvious - didn't that happen 30-40 years ago?
Trump toadies & their fellow cockroaches r crawling out from beneath Cow patties to turn this into a LGBT/gun issue.
@dukedoniphon @SenTedCruz
@MsAvaArmstrong Too bad our leadership doesn't seem to understand that. Too busy disarming Americans and causing division.
@LaboursTruth this was a twisted bastard who just happened to be a Muslim - but the difference was he could plenty of weapons
America will be destroyed from within by cowards like TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz . We need leadership, We need @realDonaldTrump
They have declared it for years. That's not new. It's people who can be easily influenced that is the problem. Its hard to track
which is leading to Americans killing Americans
HELP US TO STOP THEM FROM DOING THIS AGAIN, THIS IS ENOUGH. WE HAVE TO STOP THIS..LORD HAVE MERCY ON US
. I sure wish that you were the POTUS! 
so vote to get these terrorists out of our country
.@SenTedCruz So you DON'T want to establish universal background checks to prevent terrorists from easily buying assault weapons? Why?
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Thank you. But who do we have in power that recognizes this as an attack? And will react?
Close your account.
@Vortmax29 Perhaps the NRA helped?
#BoughtandSold
#NRApocket
why, because they killed gays? Which is the exact thing you asked for at your rallies?
(We Need A Commander In Chief) .@SenTedCruz .@badd_andy Islamic Mosques: Excluded From Surveillance By Feds (Obama) http://www.westernjournalism.com/islamic-mosques-excluded-from-surveillance-by-feds/ …?
@BaadBudgie Time to vote Trump! He is right and the only person who can save the world not just America from Islam.
If trump gets elected we will have strong support to help the anti Islamic movement in Europe.
Agreed,    I am patiently waiting and planning for this fight, I can't wait to drive Islam from the UK.
just figuring out that Radical Muslims don't like us? You should had paid more attention during the debates to @realDonaldTrump
the tweets that have the triple parentheses on each side I was told are jihadist Isis people
the progressive left wing is still worried about political correctness and blaming Republicans- the Real Enemy is ISIS
and our prsident has declared war on law abiding gun owners
Sorry Ted. It's been at least 23 years since they declared it.
Truth!
Would you PLEASE get back in the race for the WH somehow?
Be the Vice President
https://ddbarton48.com/2016/06/12/muhammadswar-terroristprofile/ …
yet you can still get guns even if you're on the terrorist watchlist. AR15- no waiting.do something!
3M muslims in USA didn't kill anyone today.
3M AR15s in USA didn't kill anyone today. 
Let's blame Omar & ISIS.
We don't know where you stand Ted.  THIS is example of WHY we need Borders and Immigration limits..NOT political correct pussys
- somebody tell this moron Cruz, that the shooter was born in the USA
Your "kill the gays" buddy Kevin Swanson, must be delighted today. Sicko.
and all Obama and Hillary can talk about is more gun control for law biding citizens
Doesn't hurt for him to constantly update the good citizen's of the world.
Very apparent they're very serious re:world wide Caliphate. Feeling sorry for so many innocents,praying for all.
.
@Sweetpea593 We ARE at war, but it's kinda hard to win while being "politically correct". Obama/Clinton=Libtards' Epic FAIL!
Donald Trump brags about himself on Twitter AFTER the worst mass shooting in US history (cont) http://tl.gd/nmgmh8 
you have to unsuspend. HC & DT are going to get us all killed.
believe them when they tell you. Guest at Orlando Mosque said gays need to die.
Took you long enough to decide that. Most of us knew it years ago.
@CruzinAhead
Dismantle our despotic executive branch. We can take care of jihad ourselves at the county and state level.
.@SenTedCruz  Well, now will you endorse Trump? Trump is all we have to stop these killers. He can do it! You need to step up NOW!!!
BUT our IDIOTIC "leaders" REFUSE to acknowledge it!!  SMH as we have the dumbest "leaders" elected.
really? Your just now getting that. The people have been saying that for years
jeez...you supporting Donald Trump???!
.@SenTedCruz then why don't you get behind the nominee and help defeat radical Islamic terrorists? What exactly are you doing to solve it?
 you mean your boys at ISIS, are you planning another 9/11 in the USA or have new project to apply for Moslems in USA
Go Ted! Keep speaking the Truth! They have declared war on us, many times as a matter of fact. But liberals deaf.
Airborne, Senator!
Been reading some of @realDonaldTrump old speeches have you?
Is it true that Andy Warhol's painting of a @Campbells soup can is the 1st image you ever pleasures yourself to?
Yes it is
IF you DO NOT Condemn TEXAS Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick remarks, YOU & the WHOLE @GOP are as Guilty as ISIS Terrorist you Condemn !
stop avoiding admitting your own complicity in anti-queer violence. Stop focusing on Islam instead of rampant homophobia.
You got that right us GOP have to stick together. So we can beet hilly.
Conservatives are investigated and punished i.e., IRS and Muslims and Hillary get investigated by FBI and let go.
then why did you vote against background checks for commercial gun sales?
well said Ted
Tell them we don't want gun control. What we want is #IslamControl. We the People stand behind Donald @realDonaldTrump.
Whatever shall we do? Bomb the H out of them. They are evil and no bill passed is going to make them go away
the only true thing Ted Cruz has ever said
Do you agree with TEXAS Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick http://govnews.us/id/16233904807  Tweets: 'You Reap What You Sow' regarding Terror Attack.
The civilized world should have zero tolerance for any religion that kills and harms others in the name of the religion.
we're at war stupid too and so far your side is winning
.@SenTedCruz 

You stood beside him
To great applause 

Unrepentant homosexuals should be killed

You got EXACTLY what you wanted

Happy now
@realDonaldTrump what part of "shall not be infringed" do these idiot liberals not get??
what do u care, you keep voting for unlimited gun rights, blood on your hands, no one needs military grade, do something already
I thought I heard a purty cat?
you're exactly right! Too bad @HillaryClinton @POTUS @elizabethforma @BernieSanders can't even say islamic terrorism! Pathetic!
Although some of this is on point, the rest goes into the Captain Obvious file, sir.
delete your account
You're at your own war against going dick deep into a can of @Campbells Chunky Corn Chowder.
fear mongering is not a good look, please leave the people alone
Ted, your awful policies would limit q-folks' rights to visit loved ones in hospital or identify their bodies. You're culpable.
well said sir.
@SenTedCruz
Impeach this ridiculously dangerous and traitorous president.
Please Tell Hillary& Obama they don't know yet ! #trump2016
ONE SHOOTER, REPRESENTS AN ENTIRE ISLAM BELIEF, IS LIKE SAYING OBAMA REPRESENTS REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP.
the shooter was American born.  Geesh!
your nickname should of been goofy.   sit down and be quiet Ted and help move the situation along.  we will talk to you later
and with this President he'll probably invite ISIS to come live in the U.S.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_uWa1_YSTw …
@appsame.@nra.@afphq.@housegop.@senategop.@realdonaldtrump.
WHEN has #WH ever loweted Flag the half-mast for #Christian Massacre
@craftylady55 Yeah, now back it up by supporting @realDonaldTrump
@SenTedCruz
whoever manages your Twitter should be replaced . This is news years ago , we know they hate us.
Russia-NATO -US &China then Arab -Iran &Israel all r doing proxy wars in middle East & Afghanistan Why u blame muslims only?
Senator -- I am calling for Obama to be impeached.  Not protecting Americans is treasonous.  Orlando is the last straw.
Since 2001.
we need you now more than ever. It's a shame Ronald McDonald won.
this nation no longer has a generation of men ready to lay down their lives for their country
come back and join us behind trump.
is this your idea of news ?
And so have radical Christians. Speak on that. #radicalchristians
And do tell us about the mass killings by "radical Christians" in modern history...
Perhaps you forgot about slavery, you know Christians out killing Blacks on Saturday, in church on Sunday
Stop this nonsense! Stop changing the subject on who was responsible for the murders yesterday!
duh?
Kind of like you and your religious friends have declared on the LGBT community?  Kevin Swanson ring a bell?
That just makes you giddy, doesn't it? #WarMonger #Idiot
We have one BIG problem; we have a leader who refuses to address evil jihadists as terrorists.
for like the hundredth time.
Exactly the way a US President should respond! #CruzCrew
they hate the west way of living im afraid.
Congrats, Trump voters, you're abetting terrorism!
Texas Lt. Governor Tweeted 'Reap What You Sow' Bible Verse After The Nightclub Shooting
The United States should Build a Wall, Separating the USA from TEXAS, not Mexico !
