The origin of the entire Cop hating/cop killing was Obama's "Cops acted stupidly" regarding the Harvard Prof Gates in 2009.
nope. Not at all. Ahistorical.
Obama could have quelled this very early on and talked sense to the Black community...but he didn't. He wants this
"talk sense" and say what? Please continue through the indignities of U.S. criminal justice without protest?
He is the PRESIDENT sweetheart, the first BLACK president. 98% of blacks voted for him. His words carry weight.
so what should he say, son?
You ask him there genius. He is supposed to be the smartest man in the world right? His SOARING rhetoric...
@Kaiju115
Maybe shooters were Sovereign Citizens using 2nd A rights to fight oppressive government.
We have a culture problem, not a gun problem.
I agree. Can't take away guns. Pandora's box has long been open. Want my kids to be able to protect selves
Good.
How about less prayers and more doing your job and making laws to keep guns out of criminals hands?
#DoYourJob #DallasShootings
Hey Gump Ted does his job. Your so ignorant at a time like this
Your grammar tells me all I need to know about your lack of knowledge about Senate attendance during votes.
people are dead you could wait until tomorrow. Shows your level of compassion
I thought the "Good Guy with a gun" would prevent these things. You and I have a different definition of "compassion".
The cowards had to hide up in a parking garage! The good guys got killed would you like them to have tasers
Are snipers always cowards?
ones that kill cops are!
@GaetaSusan Prayers for All!  Let us not forget to pray for the perpetrators as well!
@pearly2004 HARMED?  Police Officers were KILLED.because the POTUS acted STUPIDLY. WAKE UP WASHINGTON/ #DallasPoliceShooting
Eye for an eye?
Sovereign citizens using 2nd A rights to resist oppressive government. Rafael should be proud.
@banda_mlbanda You can assist by staying out of it and let them handle the situation. Prayers, not politics Cruz
Just STFOTW!  You War monger types are a contributing factor to the Nation's rise in Violence.  Go work on your Carpet Bombing!
@peddoc63 #whitesriseup
@DaveBartonUSA Try supporting sensible gun laws. I hope you and the NRA are celebrating and happy now!!
what law would have prevented this. Let's get rid of gun free zones. Maybe treatment for people is a better option.
Get rid of Gun Free Zones?So drunks can carry at bars,so kids grow with more gun violence?You ARE mentally ill,give up ur gun
@Rydell_C - A true Christian, and a man with heart, love of country & his fellow man. Thank you, Senator.
The good guys had guns & got slaughtered-another blunder by W
Amen. Wanted to share:
The greatest sound to a cops wife is hearing the sound of Velcro at night. It means he made it home safe!
@SenTedCruz
Not to mention allowing Saudi royals and Bin Laden family to fly on 9/12/2001. But not Americans.
Liberals incite this hate b/c they only care about black VOTES - not black people.
My prayers are with you, and for a speedy recovery. You are not alone.
maybe people dont need ak47 or any simi auto manic guns
But Wait! We are constantly told you are1 person & cannot do anything by yourself TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz so who's bullshitting who?
screw your false prayers. God will judge your inaction more than your fake statements #gop #leadright2016 @gop #hategroup #fail
@Patriot18D get @BarackObama up and let him give a speech!
NOW! Where's our President? Victims not black enough? TOO BLUE? #BlueLivesMatter #MAGA
Obama and Holder created this anarchy. It's their fault everytime a police gets ambushed!So mad!
Hey buddy! I saw your new avi. You are a chick? You broke me of that bad habit of calling everybody Bro. Haha!
Dallas? So sad
LOL, I am a chick 100%. I have 4 bros so I usually call other men I like "brother"too.
My blood is boiling on Dallas.Very sad
When is the GOP going to recognize they are responsible for the carnage in the US?
@bakerlarry84 wtf are your prayers going to do?   stop talking to imaginary friends.  #Dallas
try enacting gun legislation to save other lives! #useless
Unless it involves introducing some basic gun control laws. Gotta keep that cushy seat in the Senate
#blm is a terrorist group & must be destroyed but the mayor of dallas is a pussy
Where was this tweet when a guy was shot to death in his car with his family?
We could've used a vote, not God, or "thoughts and prayers".. But you took @NRA Money instead. Need leaders not God. 
#Dallas
Black man goes nuts and starts spraying Volunteer Pkwy with bullets killing white woman. No mention of the man or his color.
why not do something that actually works like ban guns rather than speaking words to a fairytale #dontpraybanguns
Thank you, for support of the men and women in blue. Vigilante thinking and public trial tolerated by our leadership.
YOU MUST JOIN OTHERS AND IMPEACH OBAMA.  America is being murdered and there is not a day to lose.  He is MUCH at blame here.
Because prayers just fix everything don't they?! How about some actual action such as gun control??
thoughts and prayers do nothing. Fixing your fucking gun laws will.
is as guilty as the gunmen in supporting the @NRA instead of sensible #guncontrol @MotherJones @Moms4GunControl
are they also w the Black victims of brutal cops from #BatonRouge or #Minneapolis?
Keep all #BlackLivesMatter protestors away from the RNC Convention or another #Dallas will happen.
@DrSueDVM 

Democrats hit Texas.
Wen wil Lynch/Comey have FBI investigation on group Black Lives  Matter? Dallas Officers innocent too.  Just like blk vctms
@sheriffali TAKE ur FAKE-ASS prayers
and SHOVE-THEM!!
Where are your prayers for all of the black men killed by police...assist in this matter! #EnoughIsEnough
we need change! #Change
Don't like the change wet already got!?! ROTFL
How many more good guys w guns would hav stoppd this from happening? No more prayers! Do something real to reverse gun violence!
and now we've become a truly lawless society when police are ambushed & assassinated in Dallas. What will u do to change things
Fuck your prayers!  Take war machines off the streets of America...#DoyourJob #Youwork4AmericanpeoplenotNRA
How in the Hell are you going to assist.
@tomesimpson Help to win in November Ted always have admired you and your good works. #DemocratsAreDangerous
delete your account
Nobody wants you @SenTedCruz! Keep your prayers to yourself! #CruzCrew
impeach Obama, he incited this with his racist comments.
Will you finally admit legal open carry is a huge mistake & that AR15s are deadly weapons of war?
go back to Canada
sad night for the families and entire police community
Take yourself and your "good guy with a gun" theory down there right now and put a stop to the bloodshed. You can do it!
"But, you know what, fuck all the black people getting killed."
You're continuing to regain my favor. Carry on Senator Cruz

Fellow Texan
very proud of you that you held to your commitment to support Trump. You are a man of integrity.
so go clean chicago gangs up for a start
Amen!
It's Congress' fault for not doing something about gun control! Will this wake you lazy politicians up?
You're the one that ones every one to have guns...so look in the mirror..by the way..  God doesnt listen to yu...
jail the police assassins.
I implore u UNITE w #Trump help save ths country frm fangs of obama/hillary before they tear her apart. #ImmigrantsNOTWithCrooks
why is it so hard for your racist mind to also send condolences to the men murdered by cops? #BlackLivesMatter
But not with those killed by cops in other states...got it!
what about your thoughts and prayers for the black men who's deaths sparked the Dallas protest
you and your ilk have incited this crap so don't even start with this garbage.
damn the cops they deserve it
Where were your prayers for #AltonSterling and #PhilandoCastile?
Your prayers don't mean a bucket of spit.  We need serous gun control written by legislators who aren't owned by the NRA.
but nothing for the two men gunned down. I live in Texas and can't wait to vote against you.
.@SenTedCruz save your prayers and support gun control legislation. How many more first responders need to die from perps with guns? #Dallas
.@SenTedCruz you reveal so much in what you say and what you don't say!
good man
You could assist by allowing the CDC to research gun violence & vote to pass a ban on high cap magazines. #Enough #DoYourJob
defend the defenders, Ted!
lots of Texas values on display today
Amen, Senator. Joining with you in prayer.
Yeah, almost forgot that you're an elected official from Texas.
this must stop
how about some damn gun control. armed country means police have to be on guard for lethal violence at all times from all people
Thank you Sen. Cruz. This is heartbreaking and unacceptable.
How about declaring #BlackLivesMatter a terrorist group. To mod a phrase utter by Shelia Jackson Lee, "BLM can go to hell"
No thoughts, only prayers??
I support you Ted, but it would be nice to hear some sympathy from you for the two young men who were killed by police.
Stop with the useless prayers; ONLY YOU CAN DO SOMETHING ABOUT AND WE ARE BEGGING YOU: ACT
how about... I don't know... You and your colleagues actually do something.
This is what Obama has done to America. If Hillary wins, Texas must secede to survive. Or else this will be the new normal.
give more people more high-powered rifle's. I'm sure that will help the police and the situation!! Blood is on your hands.
everytime obama vilify s cops this is what happens.
He has never vilified cops. Nice try, though.
very interesting how only time u speak up is when an officer is shot... I'm all for police support but it needs to go both ways
your prayers are pissin' in the wind.
Any prayers for #PhilandoCastile
we need you Ted!  I know God has a plan. We must be a terrible people to be strapped with this terror.
easing up on the gun worship would be a good-faith way to start
just kidding Ted
Go back to writing your speech for Trump's party, u cuck
Gun control legislation would be more useful than platitudes. #Dallas
You are part of the problem sir.
.@SenTedCruz Prayers? DO something - like regulate assault weapons and high capacity magazines! Do your job!
Now is the time for great men. Unfortunately we will be left waiting as High Moral standards have left our Country leadership
We need to label BLM as a terrorist organization like it is. Only violence and destruction seem to follow this faction.
the police are the terrorist group
shut up Meg..I mean Ted
Sensible Gun Control.
Sensible gun control is just like sensible Border Control. Guns can come right across border w/companion drugs
be honnest, you wont do jack shit, your saying that to look good lol. #SitTheFuckDown
@SenTedCruz
@SenTedCruz
This is horrible.
need a little more than prayers.
Right. He said he'd be in touch with authorities to assist however they can.
