Heidi wrote the dissention remarks re: NAU and Cruz wants to protect our borders and sovereignty. Get the facts!
That is your right. It seems to me you would be trying to win voters instead of alienating them. Not very organized
Voting for Trump is a vote for Hillary. They are of the same ilk. Lifelong democrats.
@sherrysue66 didn't you take a Pledge to support @realDonaldTrump sore loser.?
@drginareghetti Ted, you're globalist wife fully supports a North American Union with Canada and Mexico. Where do you stand?
your one of them but anyway was wondering your thoughts on et alien disclosure since you did want to be president?
IF YOU DON'T LEAD YOUR #CRUZCREW 2 VOTE FOR TRUMP THEN USA WILL BE SOLD OFF TO GLOBALIST. IF YOU DON'T THEN WE KNOW YOU ARE A FK
@c5hardtop1999 Keyword being "Should" but sadly it won't be Senator. Just have to vote them out instead.
Thank you Mr. Selfserving isolationist. Please keep your pie hole shut.
No he's not
Knew what you meant. Just havin' fun.
http://dailysignal.com/2016/06/25/how-congress-should-seize-the-brexit-opportunity/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=thf-fb …
I'm writing you in @SenTedCruz in Nov General 

#CCOT #tcot
@peppgrad FedAgencies make the rules, implement, adjudicate & penalize is contrary to our Constitution& separation of powers.
.@SenTedCruz and you think this will be good for UK? Get real! No one here or anywhere else needs to wake up...YOU need to wake up!! #EUref
Ted are you loco
Bet it woke U up! Congrats to the Brits! MAJOR Blow to NWO Oligarchs! YES!
@BluMyst You left so Early it was Obvious , any Moron could tell that.  Live with it. Hope u don't have to hit ur Kids anymore
it's a reminder of what happens when conservative morons vote against their own best interests
.@SenTedCruz the results of the EU vote should be a wake up call to demagogues like u
I'm still not over the fact that you didn't get the nomination. God must have a plan. Trump could be to us what Paul was 2 Jesus
you are a tool, Ted.
@TFinn82 I am personally happy for the UK #Brexit 
#IndependenceForLondon
sent donation/supported you in past but your "crew" tactics now against Trump turning me away for any future support!
Oh, but you have no problem for those who 'donated' to Trump U. Talk about tactics.
You tell em Ted
the EU has 8 times fewer civil servants than the UK...
I think that people being heard is an  awesome thing.  The people have spoken. May God bless them and their country !
and to you. I wholeheartedly supported you until your recent  vote to suspend the 4th ammendment
what r u responding to?
@colavs2184  It should but it won't!! There is still some Koolaid Left in the jug!!
Wake me up, before you go go, Don't leave me hanging on like a yo yo....Jitterbug...Jitterbug...
now it's time for a halt to those attempting to surrender Americas sovereignty to the UN
Especially the WHITE HOUSE!
I AGREE
I find the EU to be a socialistic concept along with all the world order, globalization "progressive" concepts.
Wake-up call, it should be a call for a vote on a #texit referendum.
Apparently you never did hear that call TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz .  Where the hell are the Healthcare Vouchers for our Veterans?
as well as a wake up call for Republican elitists who snub the people's nominee @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump MAGA
well said senator
100% right!!! The oddest thing is I'm a working man (a lowly courier) and even I know this. Key is..they Dont care what we want
We need to get the hell out of the EU also if we were smart. We don't need bureaucrats running the U.S. making decisions for us!
Your worry would be the UN,trying to force their small arms regulations on the US,forcing globalism at the US expense
what a hypocrite!
It should..And our Reps need to take notice- THE PEOPLE CHOOSE...Get on OUR SIDE or get left behind!
The reason you think you're an "outsider" is bc whenev you try to enter, everyone has locked the door. Get it? Bc you're outside
And the consequences of the 'victory' should serve as a wake up call to morons world wide.
Does this mean you're going to take up the fight for Texas independence? OhpleaseOhpleaseOhplease. BYE!
Did you wake yourself up? Get it...because you're a bureaucrat too! I'm funny...laugh dammit!
@CLPartyTX It SHOULD but it won't.
Mass shootings should serve as a wake up call for proper gun laws. But you keep hitting the snooze button, don't you?
Yeah it shows that fearmongering, ultranationalism, and misinformation to the uneducated is still a viable campaign platform.
good thing you have that Goldman Sachs paycheck still coming in!
Still cute when you play populist Teddy:))
wake up call?  but Senator, socialist won't wakeup until they have run out of other people's money.
Yes YES YES YES!!!
It should be a wake up call to the Supreme Court as well. America is tired of them and their social engineering.
thank you !!
Ted Cruz for VP!
SOME ADVICE , IT'S ALL ABOUT THE VOTERS. YOU AND TRUMP ARE THE MINORITY IN THIS COUNTRY
No worries about UK & EU..UK after #Brexit Can be easily Norway before #NoenterAnd definitely it will never backed in the queue
As opposed to domestic bureaucrats like yourself??  Get bent, asshole!!
Yes you need to make sure USA gets on the right track Help fight for US @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle
That ship sailed, no need for a cheater. Scurrying in the dark to steal delegates.
your owned by the globalists Ted,stop the rhetoric
globalism is comminism  it doesnt work
nationalism over  globalism. All damn day.
A tsunami wave of populism is sweeping the globe. Leaders better recognize it or they will be swept away.
Boris Johnson called Brussels remote, opaque & unresponsive. Sound like our overlords in DC? Will they learn from this?
