He's one man, does he lead the house????? Come on seriously?!?!?!
How old are you? Uneducated as far as a College degree yes!! As a hard working American I'm pretty educated
Greenfield Village
Ok have a sad life it's really great you are #1
I had some respect for the fight in you crossed the line!!! Go fk yourself Trump!! You do want to lose its true
You commented on a fake (troll) Donald Trump Twitter account. Trump didn't post that. Look at the name reaDonaldTrump missing R
Ok thank you!!
stop putting poison pills in serious funding measures. Stop being the obstructionist Congress. Work across the aisle. #ethics
because Republicans inserted "poison pill" denying funds to Planned Parenthood you heartless hypocrite. #Zika #ZikaVirus
Top Three Priorities for the Zika+ Pandemic Now : 

1- Mosquito Control 
2- Diagnostics 
3- Public Education
You dirtbag! #MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain
Don't you ever duck your head Cruz!!! NOT EVER!!!!
Um, that was your branch, Senator. You were asked to allocate funds, you recessed instead.
Stop embarrassing yourself. Do your job.
We're not NE Yankees.  They won't do anything until it hits someone up there.
I have serious concerns u r not a man of your word, & I will never respect u again! Loser
.@SenTedCruz Is this a parody account?  THE GOP BLOCKED THE FUNDING and then went on vacation you half-wit.
I have serious concerns about your mental capacity
you are too cute Ted with your little make believe stories. Too cute!!
That is a large load of BS there turd blossom.  Stop playing politics with the lives of unborn babies.  Be a Christian.  @SenTedCruz
Really? Senate should allocate the funds.
Dude, the GOP dominates Congress, u guys sitting on ur asses?  FL & Texas are suffering. Too busy ragging on Obama? Sad!
Tell Congress and the Senate to do something then!
they're not stopping funding .. you n your misogynistic friends are .. fund zika without trying to shut down PP
And what was the GOP vote on this bill? No? And Texas just had the first baby's death. That blood is on your hands. #ZikaVirus
If you would see to it that a straightforward and unconstrained bill is presented, he will sign it. Up to you.
r u effing serious? time 4 tx. voters 2 send ur rw ass back 2 the woodlands. waiting 4 2020 census 2 correct gerrymandering crap
please resign...we don't want to see or hear from you ever again
are you mentally challenged? Redundant, I know you are oh keeper of the purse strings!
how do you look at your children after conducting yourself the way you do?
This is all part of politics-as-usual political game playing. You're playing with the lives & health of American ppl. #DoYourJob
seriously, you are just as bad if not worse than Trump....I hope you get bitten by a Zika Mosquito and "things" fall off!
How stupid do you think the American people are, Ted? Ok, well, some of them were dumb enough to elect you, but apart from them.
Duh!
Are u fucking serious? You know we can all read right? & shit other than Faux Newz too. U just keep on counting on no afterlife
of course you do..TX right in path. Anyhow NOT this "admin's failure."
#GOP who won't pass a clean bill. Fool.
try doing your jobs instead of taking a 7 week vacation
You CONs did it, we know the truth. You need to fund Zika and planned parenthood. Victims are children born with microcephaly.
talk to your buddies in house, if you have any. Try passing a clean bill for a change.
your hypocrisy knows no bounds, does it?
admin can't force you to actually do your job and pass a bill for Zika funding.
I have serious concerns about you failing to do your job myself.
~@SenTedCruz Oh, I know you are not on this like you Senate GOP aren't the ones who wouldn't offer a clean Zika funding bill...
1.9$$$'s Billion, Pres Obama requested in Feb -- needed to clean up, stuff, lotasa' stuff #Zika -- was a starter!
No, you don't. Shut up, Sequester McShutdown.
which branch passes funding?
America sees RIGHT THROUGH u and ur cohorts use if a health crisis for political gains. Shame on ALL y'all!
Shouldn't you at least wait until the 2016 election is over to start your 2020 campaign?
Then maybe you should have stayed & done your job. How about taking responsibility for your own actions?
Write a f&@&ing single subject bill instead of porking everything or drowning it with other policy matters? Problem fixed..
lol
You are either the liar we've been told you are or you just don't know what's going on. DO YOUR JOB. Help these people.
You’ve GOT to be kidding me. How’s your vacation going, oh Feckless One?
taking a page from Trump and just spouting any easily disproved lie now Ted?  New @gop playbook, same as the old one.
Really?  You are as ignorant as you are culpable.  Get in the Senate and ask your do nothing oaks to do their job.  Stop blaming
Yo, Teddy, maybe you RWNJs in Congress should DO YOUR JOBS and pass the requested Zika funding!  #Asshole #VoteBlue2016
You have a serious problem in understanding cause - effect. It's your party's fault
the GOP blocked every effort to do something #Shameless
erm, who failed to pass funding for battling #Zika? It wasn't President Obama.
That's the @SenTedCruz I know. The mook who kills his parents, and begs for mercy as an orphan.
Would love to say I missed him...but lying is wrong.
Stop being a self-promoting taker, Ted, and DO YOUR JOB! #SenatorSlimeBucket
he gave them to Iran.
Fool. The President doesn't provide the funds. How TF did you even get out of High School, and why TF aren't you doing your job?
why don't you represent me and the rest of your constituents in Texas by getting a bill passed. #Zika #doyourjob
You should be ashamed of yourself. DO YOUR JOB.
Texas made a HUGE mistake sending you to Washington. Hopefully they'll come to their senses and vote you out.
It doesn't work that way...the United States is a country, not a household.
Have you NOT YET LEARNED TO TELL THE REAL TRUTH?
YOUR VERSION IS A LIE & YOU KNOW IT. PEOPLE KNOW YOU= NO VOTE FOR YOU YOU=TRUMP
https://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R44460.pdf …
#DoYourJob
.@SenTedCruz I have serious concerns about your voting against providing money for Zika response. Don't blame others for your failure.
Love to know what kind of drugs you are on? #alteredreality
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/obama-administration-warns-congress-funding-to-fight-zika-is-running-out/ …
Stop obstructing and get to work!!! #embarressedTexan #notvotingforyou
American people know it's GOP failure to pass a clean bill for Zika funding. Stop playing politics with people's health
stop blocking the funding then
the problem with RWNJs is that you Continue to believe Americans are stupid, that's why you're losing and will continue to lose.
And the increase in demands for abortions by women pregnant with microcephalic fetus' will also be on the GOP.
Your senate went on recess without passing any bills to address Zika. This lies solely on the GOP controlled congress.
house won't vote on increasing allocations.
Another LIE from GOP party of LIES! You worthless parasites wouldn't pass the clean funding bill the president gave you! #Zika
Is that why you're blocking funding?
I have concerns that a literal ghoul such as yourself is a United States Senator.
So go ask Rubio for it.
Well Senate and House GOP leadership could call Congress into session to pass a bill w/out any poison pills. Just saying.
And you wonder why your sitting at home during the Presidential Elections,Sheeesh !
maybe you'd know more about allocation and funding if you did your job better.
.@SenTedCruz Maybe some senator from the majority should introduce a clean bill and get something to POTUS. #moron
this is why you lost
Ask Speaker Ryan - #showmethemoney
You voted against the bill. Selective amnesia or just a liar? You lied about God choosing you so why not this.
then approve the president's request for funds
we really do appear to be in the age past reason.  fact is GOP vote against measures then use that as a bat to beat admin with
SMALL GOVERNMENT! Unless i can score rhetorical points, amirite?!
You got beat by @RealDonaldtrump, think about that for a minute. @SenTedCruz
Was it a clean bill, or did you attach items to be sure it would fail?
hasn't there been several propositions presented to congress and you guys haven't voted on shit?
Is there any truth to the #Rumor you have Zika in your pants (considerably smaller than average head)?
It's interesting how you try to foist your party's behavior off on others. Think if you put head under couch,we won't see butt?
hey look who's back.
Good spin!
Don't you mean the Congress?
No. You don't #lyingted   If you did have such "concerns" you wouldn't tie funding zika to defunding women's health.
tell McConnell to hold a vote and come back from recess. Maybe you could filibuster. Haven't heard green eggs and ham lately.
Maybe you should talk to your creepy co-worker in Florida about this because he's refuses to do anything.
You mean the funding that congress refused to approve? How does it feel to be universally loathed?
Then why is the senate sitting around at home and not putting pressure on the admin. This has been an issue for days/weeks.
You do realize it's not the purview of the executive branch to pass laws, yes?
If you're really so 'concerned' (...yeah), why not tell your party to vote on a stand-alone zika bill? http://kenm77.newsvine.com/_news/2016/07/12/35812774-senate-still-at-odds-over-zika-funding-with-only-3-days-left-before-summer-break …
And then...there's this... http://www.rawstory.com/2016/06/ted-cruz-didnt-bother-to-vote-on-a-bill-to-fight-the-zika-virus-as-texas-scrambles-to-prevent-an-outbreak/ …
Perhaps you should have done your job, instead of sitting on your hands.
I never realized you had such a sense of humor, Senator.
Seriously, STFU, get back to work and pass a clean bill, you toad!
Watch out, Teddy, your growing Pinocchio nose is about to take over your head.
.@SenTedCruz Their concerns should be focused on Republicans, like yourself, who've brought shame to the #GOP & dishonor to our Country.
Those Congressional shenanigans will not help you in 2020. 
Put up a CLEAN Bill for vote it will pass! You #Wackos tacked on #PParenthood Defunding on Zika Bill-your fault it didn't pass!
Given that tweet, I have serious concerns regarding your knowledge of USA's system of governance.
and I have serious concerns that one of you chuckle heads attached confederate flag related riders to the last attempt to help
I'm SURE you meant to type "Congress" instead of "admin" right?!?!?
i have serious concerns about your sanity
Stop attaching family planning crap to the Zika bill if you're serious about wanting it to pass.
Unbelievable. You are a hypocrite and a liar.
Being its Paul Ryan and your fellow GOP in congress that refuse to do a clean bill I'd say you're being 100% hypocritical.
Mmmmmmmmm that would be the @GOP at fault not POTUS.
Oh, you missed that vote right?  Are you going to raise the children born with defects as a result of your incompetence?
then present a clean bill and stop using PP as blackmail.
lol
#Senate passed clean funding w/ 89 votes. @SpeakerRyan's @HouseGOP soiled it w/ politically motivated #PoisonPills. #GOP #fail
And what have the Republican majorities in the House and Senate done to provide funding vs. #Zika?
the response's to this are perfect
I don't think anyone's falling for that anymore.
We're not all as stupid and gullible as your supporters
How about congress not taking a 7w vaca and putting limitations on contraceptives that could help prevent speading the virus?
I have serious doubts you understand we know who holds the purse strings. Here in TX we have case # 14 in less than a month.
You mean your "Republican" Congress. Led by your beloved @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr that went on vacation doing nothing right?
They requested funding back in February. Congress has done dick about it.
advance bill dealing w just Zika prob and come off the recess to actually do something benevolent for the people who employ you
your wife left me
<~Ur a part of that #DoNothing grand old party!We r saying bye to #GOP come November
I have serious concerns about the fact that so many idiots voted to elect you to the Senate. Hopefully they'll come their senses
We have serious concerns as to why @SenTedCruz & @GOP put party before country with this #Zika bill
Does Clean Bill mean anything anymore? Endless attacks on women's health is not a winning strategy.
I have serious concerns regarding you typing total bullshit like this.

Enjoying your fucking vacation?
YOU BLOCKED HIS PLAN YOU ASSHAT!
I have serious concerns about a @GOP led congress that refused to offer a clean #ZIKA bill then went on vacation. #HYPOCRITE
.@sentedcruz Oh My God! You are serious aren’t you!!!! After a year of congress not passing any funding you blame Obama!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHA
We are not stupid you fool.  You chose to go on vacation rather than fund Zika research & controls.  Go back to your swarm.
um that'd be on you guys & now you've taken a 2 month vacation
uhhhhhn
POTUS has been begging for funds for months! Ur party put so much additional crap in the bill! U & Ryan -SMHD
Allocate funding that you and your cohorts failed to provide? How does this logic work?
are you high??
You mean like CDC already working in South FL, And PR? Your lies, misdirection, and obstruction are failing, and we see you.
remind me exactly what the Republicans under Reagan did for those suffering from HIV/AIDS?
.@SenTedCruz statements like this are why thinking people despise you. It's manipulative gaslighting. Why can't you work w the facts?
just a reminder from one of your constituents. Remember us?
I have serious concerns you've not provided epidemiological study showing confederate flags prevent zika. Lose the #poisonpills
Um. Did you even vote for the funding????
So serious that you and Congress left for vacation without funding the fight against zika. Foh.
FEB: Obama request for $1.8 billion 2 combat Zika/avoid this crisis met+GOP bshit. Concern expedient/ 2 late
Why did you sit on it in Congress all session? I didn't know Congress is willing to abdicate that power to Executive Branch.
How hypocritical can one person be? It is congress blocking Zika funding that is the problem, of which you are aware!
Make it a clean bill and get back tow work! You men don't give a damn  about us women are our kids.
Sir, look in the mirror and at @SpeakerRyan
I have serious concerns about senators who shut down the gov't and recess when Zika should have been handled (bipartisan)
@Maggyw519 @SenTedCruz After 20 babies are killed(Sandy Hook) at school and they do nothing. This group no moral compass!
that's okay. The Dems can take over the Senate and House and get all the "to-do" list from last 8ys done.
BITCH..you know CONGRESS did this..Republicans wanted to defund Planned Parenthood or NO ZIKA MONEY don't start your BULLSHIT!
Try just getting the funding for Zika without some bat shit attached to it. That would be genius and not politics as usual.
You frigging asshole! You know Congress has to approve funds to fight Zika. You went on vacation instead. #GOPLIES #gop #tcot
