declare war on all terrorist groups. When Obama refuses to sign it, he'll own it.
@Lookinabout it's not radical Islam. It's just plain Islam get it straight traitor.
@StupidBoomers Islam has been at war with the US since the 1980s, where has you been lately?
maybe @HillaryClinton should realize this. The @DNC and it's war on constitution are killing us. #2A #colddeadhands #locknload
@caligirl1909 Gun Shop Reported ‘Suspicious’ Omar Mateen to FBI
can fix and let POTUS worry about the terrorists. He's doing a fine job without your “help”.
You voted to allow people on the terrorist watch list to buy assault weapons.  You killed those people in Orlando.
organized crime make horror some retaliate stupidly with terror.nobody tell the story.
Why not declare war on radical Islam 
O that's right all you do is complain 
#donothingcongress
@paulmeyer745 Quick! Divide the conservative voter base, so Hillary can preside over it.
They declared war 23 years ago.
Spiritual warfare. Obama is leading the cause. Why hasnt he been arrested
Obama has declared war on America.
Do not be fooled
Jesus Ted welcome aboard finally
If you knew Jesus, you wouldn't use His name so offhandedly and in vain! SHAME ON YOU!! May God have mercy on U
you directly supported homophobic conservative policies that encourage Americans with guns to shoot LGBT people... hardly jihad.
draft Cruz
glad to see your notlike Paul Rino
stop flapping your nasty lips you Canadian Mexican. Put some action behind those words or keep your trap shut.
@BiteMeYEs Atta boy!! Why couldn't you have said that three months ago?! Please attack Obama on Fast/Furious-Bryan Terry-border.
I hate radical Islamic terrorist Muslims.....you bring on a war and Americans will fight back
Stop making this an Us vs Islam issue. It's dangerous thinking; as dangerous as letting a terror suspect buy an AR15 #DisarmHate
If our nation is at war why hasn't Congress declared it?
um where have you been they've declared that long ago go home tc
the solution is in a book "green eggs and ham". Oh wait that is for healthcare.
Biggest mistake in all this was calling it a war in the first place. Gave unnecessary legitimacy to a bunch of criminal thugs.
...but in the meantime, we have to endure you.
when you're a sweet mellow old man, you'll be asked why you acted this way when you were young, and you'll say "oh I don't know"
At war with who? You can't go to war with religious ideology. Are you saying we are at war with an entire religion?
we are at war and the "well disciplined" citizens need to be armed
@twright55   Ted Cruz didn't win because he is not the right man for this time in history no matter what they do to DT he wins
@SenTedCruz
Again?
If this is war we should start  the draft and rationing food, sugar, and gasoline. Stop making cars, start making tanks.
Thank you for your service and for continuing to stand for We the People when so many of your colleagues will not.
@KeleJohnson They did that 15 years ago.  #WAKEUPAMERICA
Yeah? Wow, interesting... So keep bringing them here, right? Don't you call them OTM's in Texas? Goddamn NWO puppet...
Thank you for telling the truth.
Wow! Powerful and spot on!
now start supporting Trump
fighting terrorism & making a few common sense gun laws like "no fly-no buy" ARE NOT mutually exclusive. U r the grandstander!
I'm more afraid of you wanting more Jesus in government. You accepted endorsement of a preacher who wants gay people murdered.
Please stop spreading this rumor; Jesus commanded us over&over to DO NOT BE AFRAID. Even if true, NOT helpful! Political ploy.
May God truly bless this nation with an awareness of the truth that will help protect us from evil.
this is why I voted for you! Continue to speak the truth!
Thank you for clarifying without causing paranoia. I already cannot sleep. It's not a game. @HillaryClinton @hi
Apparently you missed 9/11. Aren't you the opposition to extending the Patriot Act ? Oh.
hey bro you're a lil late to the party . Seal the border & put me on patrol
Can't we just appease them by throwing rabid Christians at them like Cruz?
Go away Cruz, we don't want you as president in 2020! Hopefully, it will still be Trump!
we should fight against racism.
no liberal believes that they say it's. Just hate crimes.
@FernandoAQuezad please show up at the convention & DO SOMETHING!! #FreeTheDelegates
If we where at war we would have declared  war! But you guys can't even do that!! So where not at war until you do that. Ted.
Has Congress issued a FORMAL declaration of war on ISIL?  They need to do so. Exercise your powers.
if only democrats thought that way.
UR still a senator so do something beside flapping ur lips! #obama bringing more refugee terrorists thru back door! #TrumpTrain
He tried for us...where was his support?
Public Law 414 Title 2 section 212. . . Stop dancing around it and do it.
Thank you for speaking the TRUTH!!
um. duhhhhhh!
Shame he has to state the obvious for the clueless.
AMERICA HAS JUST DECLARED WAR ON AMERICANS. MATEEN IS AMERICAN, ISIS IS GOD TO REPUBLICANS NOW
They have been at war with us for decades. We have our heads in the sand.
Then don't let them disarm us...We are the first line of defense.r.
I think that happened on 911 so what is the news here?
The new is @POTUS is making it worse with his illegal importing of unvetted Muslims.
Why has Congress not declared war on them?
#Loser
gun sales will go up now that Obummer is letting in unvetted refugees
