god will help you
get lost lyin RAFAEL
Well yeah.... but I'm gonna deport all of them!! And you too!!
Awesome!
Yes, congrats for them.  They no longer need hundreds of billions of USD in support from us.  They have nukes...
thank you for everything.
Israel doesn't need the support of those who r only waiting for Bible prophecy to be fulfilled.
but they will take the money we send them in foreign aid...seems fair..pfffft
Why back Isreal to the hilt and crap on Americans that spill blood rather than dollars that taxpayers ultimately pay.
@Orpi35 No newsfrom you is good news, lying Ted!!!
ur a true leader!! Cant wait for 2020, we are behing u 100%
@leegreennc WE MUST PROTECT OUR FRIEND ISRAEL.
lying Ted
what about Palestine?
a Texas (republican) senator saying that? Who translated for you was it Google?
#Yommysharona
@SenTedCruz
GOOD you were kicked out of the race, Americans are smart people.
Israel is sucking America and like a fool  you are supporting.
@iFaceFact therfore you lost to be our president
only candidate standing with Israel #voteCruz in primaries to come
@CBJapan1 おめでとう
@MercuryOneOC built  on dead Palestinians
Identify with Palestinians seized land and demolished villages sha ooooo!
.@SenTedCruz And Israel is like... Uh, thanks but no thanks.
If they are so independent why are we giving them billions of tax payer $ ? We need the money  here at home talk about welfare!
How much $$$ has Lying Ted received from the ethnonationalist state of Israel?
chill already
Nolonger want to hear from you
Ted Cruz? More like, "funded by Jews".
Oh boy what you started. I'm having a Twitter war with some guy who hated Jews. Who called u out for your tweet about Israel.
awesome God bless Israel
you mean 68 years of illegal occupation of Palestinian land
Amen. I pray for the peace of Israel!
. Occupied not independence. When Jewish where in Europe,wars were everywhere. When they occupied Palestine wars came to here.
#Israel
#IStandWithIsrael
am Israel chai!
I thank God you didn't get elected! Salaam! @jjbr00
so you support ethnic cleansing, land theft & illegal settlements?! How nice of you #corruptedpolitician #soldout #Israelwhore
because they really need our money to pay for their military. Oh wait, government welfare to American military manufactures...
Ted you're a bone head but you'd be GREAT on the Supreme Court !
Thank you senator.
I love you! There is nobody out there like you
true son.
Yes it is father.
Absolutely Jim. I am God.
You will be okay. You are young.
Quit worrying about him son.
I'm going to have my way. Sorry it's just the way I am.
That's...
Amen.  My father taught me that baptism allows us to become part of God's chosen people along with the Jews.
you're a good man and that's why I voted for you. My heart is broken perhaps God has a plan. God bless America 
, OK PREACHER, you should been a sacerdote por "gordito", or a "cura" pero NO a politician.
"Assfuck all sandniggers." -Ted Cruz
. thank you for your continued support for Israel
Oy vey, very good, pleasing your Jewish masters.
your wife compared your campaign to slavery
just go away Cruz you are irrelevant
@MercuryOneOC traitors. Israel was behind 9/11
@DrSueDVM We Love You CONSERVATIVE PATRIOT Ted Cruz! #Cruz4ever #WriteInCruz
Sorry @SenTedCruz but you believe that all of us Jews will burn in hell, so this loving endorsement of a Jewish state rings false. #LyinTed
Shabbot Shalom Israel!
Another TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz aka @tedcruz aka Rafael illegal alien from Canada.
wow.. shameless
You should buy Zimmerman's gun and get back to work Zodiac.
It's past time for you to stop being most conservative and become a leader. That's what Trump has done. Give it a try! : )
well at least you do that
muslim woman praises IDF morality
Israel's the only country in the region where Arabs have rights.
who cares about what you're proud of? Earn your paycheck!
Perhaps you can move there!
exactly why you won't be president.America first,last and always is what we want in a leader
The haters on here are  jealous because you R the best. Ask yourself, why R theystill hating U if you are off the campaign trail
Understand they have a shadow Government just like us.
Funny, you also said you would stand behind the republican nominee and we saw what your word was worth.
send  the Good news of Salvation click here
that's great Ted, now let's get back to the senate and actually do something constructive for the country
Yes Sir, I stand with Israel also. Kinda dumb to go against God's chosen people.
Thank U Ted! U R always a class act. Luv U! Luv Israel. You would have been the BEST prez. We should still have a victory party!
how much money do you charge to stand by #Israel and look the other way at their stealing of Palestinian land? How much ??
you stand with a country that violates UN resolutions and continues to steal #Palestinian land while committing genocide
מעשוגע
I am proud to say that Senator Cruz is my Senator for the great state of Texas
now stand with Trump and let's beat Hillary
and the same here Senator Cruz
you're quite difficult to look at
notice your pictures not up anywhere.  Unless that's you holding the confederate flag. I wouldn't talk about looks
what flag shaped symbol of pro-segregation are you talking about? Where do you see it? In you're crackhead mind?
cc:@SenTedCruz
You assume too much. Your are patronizing and you are transparent in your Tweet. Accept your obscurity and a Footnote in history
stop following him idiot
Thank you for all you do.  God bless.
hey DB. I'll take that bet. Cruz will be overwhelmingly re elected as a senator from my great state of Texas
I'm a real Texan.  You?   Doubtful
Just so you know, they don't practice Western Christian cults in Jerusalem.
2 years left until the "end of that generation"
The freest, most democratic nation in the Middle East.
from whom?
Who lived there? Was mostly desolate until Jews bought prosperity end of 19th century. Read mark twain, Churchill
No Arabs called themselves Palestinians before the 60s. See Palestinian flag of the 30s. It's star of David!
you're a good man @tedcruz!
Vote @gop for a safer more prosperous world
Ted , what should the Palestinians celebrate today? Be honest!
You're my hero, Ted. You've inspired young people like me. It'd mean the world if you followed me, God Bless. @tedcruz #CruzCrew
