ICANN has ALWAYS been in charge of the internet. Stop talking about something you obviously know nothing about.
So act on it Ted Cruz. Your dam sure not doing anything for our next President. Grow a set do something for our country
Support the nominee Senator
what can we do? Nobody is talking about this except you!!!
aTimeOfUnrestInOurCities 
...WhileNegotiating#worldtradeforum16 2Improve#Economics Here
...DizzyYet#Politics@SenTedCruz @TavernKeepers
And American Freedom of Speech will die with it.
_TED_I love you Man_Please step in with Rudy, NEWT, and Don Trump, his kids and family are what We like...!

Obama admin is gonna use this Internet give away so new owners rig the US election in time for Dems.
this creep obama should of been thrown out of the wh yrs ago
@SlidinDelta ...So Ted..get your colleagues together and stop this madness.
holy hell, do you understand what the Fuck you're talking about
I want my money back with 1000% interest from coward MCCONNELL and Ryan. Pelosi is prob whipping them in their underwear now.
Call your Senators:
If you do not support Trump, you will be the star player on the team for abortion, secularism and leftist Supreme Ct.
what else is he going to do to weaken this country?
what gives him the right to totally control us. We are not his to control. How can he be stopped. StrongerRP
supporting net neutrality is great, I don't think ICANN is what you think it is, and why now? You've had since 1998. Elections?
THAT could also adulterate American cybersecurity, Ted.
2little2late
FALSE
@NaeguNugu it would be nice Ted if you could honor your pledge and support Trump. I used to like you.
Why would a Senator use Snapchat?
Ted, you lost. Get over yourself.   And stop the lies
how can anyone consider giving away control of American interest to a global interest?
We can't even trust a sec of state
Get your VP working on this asap Ted.
I truly hope the U.S. Senate & House has better sense than to allow Obama to do this!!!
please stop this insanity
@SenPatRoberts , @RepMikePompeo
Stop it from happening. US military developed the internet.
Your misinformation campaigns never stop. Another attempt to hijack the budget process yet again. #internet #truth
.Thank.you.Sir.for.your.Service.and.courage.to.stand.in.this.Long.Term.
…http://Battle.against.Tyrannical.Control.by.GLOBALISTS.akin.to.First.World .War. (?)much.
Everyone has been talking about this for some years..NO one is doing anything about it.
Rep controlled senate and Congress have the power to just say NO to Obama but they are petrified in fear of losing public opinio
Suspect the Truth of the Matter; the Oligarchy wants to establish its own Internet; and Subscribe it out for $$!    The Poor . .
won't be able to subscribe without monthly fee.  But, that's OK; they can stay with old Network & be left out of the Loop.
It's more enfuriating to see Reps other than Cruz, just stand still and watch Obama punch the nation in the gut and do nothing
We sure Fucked it's Control; by turning Net into a Hate Machine; and a pleasure palace for Porn. Enough room for Weirdos too!
GOP in power in the Senate and Congress look like scared little girls running for mommy. Do they not have t/power to stop Obama?
So what is the GOP mayority establish in senate and Congress good for?... Rhetorical
Why don't You and your establishment republicans in congress stop this They havethe power To busy attacking Trumpand helping HRC
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump King Obama! That name will be as infamous as the name Caligula except that Obama never built anything!
How can he keep doing this stuff unilaterally. Senate needs to impose its authority over treaties.
stop the Obama agenda
@MikeGra34000775 This needs to be stopped! NOW!
Can you stop this madness?
Do allow this to happen
@hale4jesus another bad idea, if you thought Hillary's server was stupid & dangerous.
How do you stop it?
are they talking about making a law or doing nothing
I guess hillary won't be able to play anymore then. Lol
GOP BETTER STOP HIM!
This has to be stopped !! #ProtectTheNet
it's the Panama Canal all over again
You should include a link w/ a way for citizens to get in touch w/ your colleagues in the house. #StopICANN
STOP HIM SENATOR CRUZ. TELL CONGRESS HOW WE FEEL
Yes, then we start building our reeducation camps 2 put your ultra-conservatives in. After we take your guns
@dale_je please contact your Congressman, senator etc
what does this really mean?
@dale_je CONGRESS? WE NEED 2 REPEAL & REPLACE w US CONSTITUENTS VOTING NOT CORRUPTED CONGRESSPERSON! 
Thank you very much! First acknowledgement of my Campaign to MAKE Trump Make Congress Great Again! 
By what authority?
Nobody should control the Internet

@dale_je
so what is being done to stop him?
@lynn_weiser  how can it be stopped?
@lynn_weiser
yup that his plan to be UN head and own internet.
HELP TED STOP HIM
no one in their right mind believes you
do it please, stop it
A countdown clock https://www.cruz.senate.gov/internetcountdownclock/ … ICANN is an international authority.
no congress is letting this happen! Do something... WTF
A bunch of globalist socialists in charge of the free exchange of ideas? Wonder how fast we will lose free speech like Chinese.
LYIn tED AS YOUR COLLEAGUE @realDonaldTrump SAYS
Shut up already about net neutrality! It is a good thing!
wow, your lack of understanding on this issue is mind boggling
Obama is worse than Iran and north Korea combined. He is head dick
Please update on what is being done about this in Congress.  Thanks.  God Bless.
@PanacomHumayun
Something that was developed for a military advantage, of course he wants to give it away.
Someone has to stop this!!
This president needs to be stopped. He has put this country into turmoil and disparity enough. I'm so sick of him.
How can we help stopping this?
Al Gore will be pissed!
How many days has it been since you haven't honored the pledge?  Disgusting Lyin Ted!  #NeverCruz #RickForSenate
