By willfully blinding itself to the real threat, the Obama admin is fighting blind in the war on terror. http://bit.ly/28IMF9U 
Giving the worlds leading state sponsor of terrorism $150B & nuke capabilities is textbook definition of treason. Let's arrest.
He's still working for U.S. ONLY Politician I've heard say this. #DelegatesVoteCruz at Convention @OmegaMan58 @SenTedCruz
Bullshit!  YOU voted today to allow FBI to search computers without a warrant!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@TCuccio  Amen to that, Senator!
NOR MUST WE GIVE UP OUR RIGHTS AND LIBERTIES FOR "SAFETY" AND "SECURITY" SENATOR. YOU KNOW THAT. You will NEVER be re-elected.
Safety and security of the US at home is sacrificed when you do the work of the NRA.  Vote for the people.
This was a mass shooting, not a terrorist act. This man mentally ill. sucks his illness gives you an excuse to be anti-Muslim
give me a break. Trump was an alpha male and you were a beta because you never were brave enough to lay into your competition.
what about the freedom of Americans. Of all colors, creeds and origins?
it's so funny how his blind war has killed or captured more terrorist including Bin Ladin than your buddy Bush.
You look good, baby. #DisarmHate #Enough
It's not political correctness to pass common sense gun legislation. It's love for humanity. Clearly your NRA dollars blind you.
we will remember all of you on election day! you all just committed political suicide
What a sell out i think @realDonaldTrump was right about you! Oh yeah nothing matters but your power and privilege!
why Russian News shows VP Biden, often in Ukraine?  We dont? Biden Jr. Is a Mgr in Ukraine gas industry ?
@peddoc63 Get ready for him in the next cycle.
thank you thank you thank you for shooting down those ridiculous Bill's keep up the good work senators
thank you thank you thank you for shooting down those ridiculous gun bills I wish you were vice president with Trump
You have the personality of another @HillaryClinton TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz and are almost a bigger liar than she is.
PC is gonna get people killed. We need to allow police to do what they are trained to do, not play politics with criminals.
you need to get in line to support Trump
@ChuckNellis VERY TRUE SENATOR !!!
You're right, we musn't, but under the worst POTUS in US history, and one of the worst AG's, that's exactly what's happening!
P.C.  not the real problem, its the far left "Transformation of America" &  GOP's failure to protect it
http://www.godtheoriginalintent.com/democracy_republic_quotes.html …
Thanks for standing firm on our 2nd Amendment Rights! I spent 8 hours this weekend posting tweets to Senators! Hope it helped!
Trump calls for "racial profiling" Is this yours and the GOP's wishes?
people's ability to live bullet-free is NOT political correctness. For shame.
#DisarmHate #NoAssault-typeGuns#NRAIndefensible
nor sacrifice liberty for safety.
It would be hard to write a fictional character as awful as you.
the terrorists and NRA thank you for your continued support #Accessorytomurder
then why in the hell are you not supporting Trump?
My thought and prayers are with you Ted.Grab your resume you're gonna need it!
Thank you for standing up for our rights and freedoms,and pay no attention to the trumpsters who want you to cave to their rants
O is one with the enemy!  Hint, hint!  Impeach him!  We have no heroes, no one with courage! Remember the Founding Fathers!
Yeah! Who needs political correctness?!
BO has no intention of fighting the war against ISIS to destroy them, he wants them to succeed--judge him by his actions.
Let us all Sacrifice our bill of rights in the name of safety…
NO FLY NO GUN!
you're starting to sound a lot like @realDonaldTrump maybe ot's time to bury the hatchet
hold your delegates
you stop obama,you stop terrorism in this country
and you lost to @realDonaldTrump Shut up please!!
Your fight with Trump was upsetting. We want him, crap was said, hope ur back 2 pre-war 
Would like to like u
A Fellow Texan
yet you're willing to give guns to terrorists. The @GOP is the real danger to America and Americans.
be the bigger man and @realDonaldTrump crush political correctness.
No they're not!
nonsense argument, do you have anything less nebulous as a solution?  No?  didn't think so, typical blowhard politician
? http://bit.ly/28M9OHX  They edited Allah to God? really?
WAKE UP AMERICA the enemy is within
I think we should sacrifice you
: We need a mature person and a conservative as president like Ted Cruz. Enough of this undocumented Muslim president Obama.
man you whine like a baby the life of privilege senator
sound like the Towne crier
Shut up. Just shut up. Nobody cares what you say.
The only thing stopping the Republican gun legislation from making sense is 3 DAYS!!!!
the blind are able to see your blindness.
thanks for speaking up now are you going to start to support Trump?
if you would have started talking about the Islamic problem in America, like you are now, you mighta had a chance.
@GOP @SenateGOP Problem with ur rhetoric is it produces "Trump-like" characters. Bigger problem is these characters beat you!!
@SenTedCruz
lets sell guns to terrorists,,sell sell,sell? No fly you can still buy!
You just talk, when it comes to take action , you chicken out and hide yourself behind Hillary. #fake #lyinTed
- how about stop bowing to the alter of the #NRA? Since when did the Gun Lobby become your God? #DisArmHate
Do some work!!!!!
You are Hillary's puppet. Stop fooling us.
Well, tell Lying @SpeakerRyan that. He has sold us all out, in favor of obama STUPID bullshit. I despise LyinRyan.
sounds like you are a bonafide supporter of @realDonaldTrump. Glad to have you on the team Teddy boy!
I'm praying for you and your family. I hope this delegates wake up. Choose you. Go get 'em.
Kinda makes you think they are part of them!
I bet your #pedoface will stop the #terrorists 
#terrorism #truezodiac #ISIS #ISIL
how can anyone do a background check on a Syrian refugee Obama is flooding into our country#2ndamendmentstrong
Absolutely! Amen, amen, and amen! Do what is necessary to protect our U.S. Constitution, freedom, safety, and security.
.@SenTedCruz Yeah...I'd rather not adopt a false sense of security at *your* altar of meaningless soundbyte & political bullsh*t, either.
He's not fighting blindly.  He's chosen a side.
may CHRIST bless u with gay progeny; also turn u into a transgender so u learn the pain and sufferings of others as well AMEEN
do not let the people's voice b silenced#2ndamendmentstrong
>>Back in yur cave teddy.. yur not needed..
so you're saying you won't support Trump?
Omar Mateen is affiliated with ISIS insofar as he went on some websites. It's kind of like how you're affiliated with Christ.
Or native Caucasian Americans can become radicalized via Stormfront or Sovereign Citizen sites.
ty for telling him what everyone has been saying since TC suspended his campaign! Hope he comes to his senses!
dad
