if you don't agree with Obama, he will trash you. He's a typical socialist dictator
"typical socialist dictator?" Like who?
Obama, who else. Never seen a record amount of executive orders signed that Trump will overturn in January.
that's not my question. Can you name other "typical socialist dictators?" 

Record number? Ur bad @ history
still waiting for your examples of other "typical socialist dictators." 

...and for you to read a history book.
we all know Obama is with his attitude towards this country. Obama apologies for what America has done. That's a weak leader
why do you avoid my question? Are you finding it difficult?
still waiting. Are you looking up what "socialist dictator" means?
@LFS7 @POTUS What about when you shut down the government for your agenda? Was that abuse?
Maybe you don't like how our democratic republic is supposed to work?
Maybe you don't like it, that's how we elected Obama and you guys all cried foul play
no one cried foul when Obama was elected,  we just cried!
Ok... That was funny
it's the truth!, with some humor.
are you still talking? 
WE THE MAJORITY WON'T ALLOW MARXIST/COMMIE PRACTICES IN THE USA! Until EMPIRICAL EVIDENCE is validated, RESEARCH GOES ON
--it's called tyranny--and is grounds for impeachment--gotta fire McConnell and Ryan-
@KHerriage @POTUS
You mean prosecute corporations for suppressing and lying about research that actually does agree, you fucking rube.
@HeidiL_RN @POTUS who cares? Pass the ketchup. Liberals don't get your tweets. It's time to get the country back.POTUS dictator
@HeidiL_RN @POTUS Typical abuse of power by this administration
trying to destroy climate but still able to reach down and kiss Exxon's ass
I expect it from @POTUS What I didn't expect is for our GOP to lay down and let him get away with all this over reach. #Impeach
it's mind-boggling that Americans have to pay for healthcare
what is it is unconscionable that Americans have to pay for education
how about the vast right-wing conspiracy denial investigation when does that begin
how about the fascist communist denial investigations when do they begin
does anyone know when the gun-control denial investigations begin
and how about those freedom of opinion investigations are they going to begin soon does anyone know
hey when hey when do those Donald Trump and Ted Cruz supporter investigations begin does anybody know
and what about those tea party investigations when do they begin or continue depending on how you look at it
I get the whole climate change denial investigations does anybody know when the Obamacare funeral investigations begin
FREEDOOOOM!
I  wonder how much the monthly electric bill will be for the Obamas' rented mansion?
.I have no hope for our country
I am so glad we dodged the bullet that would have been a Ted Cruz presidency
Democrats can't stand any true facts as their arguments fall flat.
Give it up Felito,  You are so - - old news. Nothing U have to say is of any interest to anyone. You sold out Felito!
Right
Those aren't researchers! They're spokespersons paid a fee!
If President Obama were a dictator we would have no republicans in congress or anywhere ahahahh utopia
stand firm President Obama you won twice for a reason
abuse of power for EXXON to hide documents since the 70's
It's more of an abuse of power TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz to let our Veterans die waiting to see a doctor or be admitted & not do your job.
STF up dumbshit
Dumbshit. Nice. Fucking blithering ball of cum shut the fuck up
@beatrizleonardo @POTUS It's really disturbing that you have your head so far up the oil industry's ass that you think global
what energy source is comparable to oil?
researchers? Or big biz falsifying the data ...? How about Senators who misrepresent data ...?
@SenTedCruz @POTUS
- @POTUS  Is sounding more like a third world dictator than the leader of the free world.
-keep up the fight Senator Cruz!
Now Ted that was indeed a good post..On the money
But it was totally OK when theBush admin did it, right? Your hypocrisy knows no bounds.
Let's talk about the same disregard you hav Sen Cruz for Pres Obama's Supreme Court nominee
<—  Mr. Pot, meet Mr. Kettle.   Our @potus understands what you deny.
Fellatiate big oil much?
Gonna support Trump, Ted?
:  What?  Accusations of "abuse of power" and "intimidation" from the party with @realDonaldTrump as its candidate?
#LyingTed doing what he does best! @SenTedCruz
Senator instead of tweeting about it. Do something about it. The outlaw President keeps doing what he wants.
a Texan still on the wrong side of climate change. Go figure
It is a blatant display of failure to lose the GOP nomination to @realDonaldTrump
Sir, you and all 534 OTHER members of CONGRESS have been COMPLICIT in allowing these abuses. GUILTY!
if he is so awful why don't u just impeach him. Oh wait bc he is following the law of the land
Been going on for 8 yrs now. Nothing new, now all of a sudden it's being noticed. Better late than never I guess
So what r u going to do about it? Tired of hearing about O's abuses from reps in Washington and that seems to b the end.
likewise an abuse of power when you shut down #govt.
Knows that @POTUS is a rogue entity working within the walls of power.
No kidding?
I can't wait for this crackpot paranoid theory to be debunked.
YOU R STILL RUNNING??
He's done it in every other aspect. Look how he held the money over Educ., Military. Healthcare. He sh'd be impeached!
That's President Obama
#WriteInCruz & DESTROY the two party system this election!
Stop posturing; DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
@SenTedCruz @POTUS
what about when you do it?
hey there Teddy are you endorsing the donald ?
But what if those researchers are being intimidated by private interests? Shouldn’t that be investigated?
weirdo
