So telling Kerry his legacy will be f'ing over Israel makes him an idiot? WTF cilor is the sky in your world?  @puppymnkey @SenTedCruz
Because Palestine was NEVER a country! Why should Israel give up land won in a war againt it? Should we give back TX to Mexico? @puppymnkey
Show me where the country of Palestine existed...I'll wait O.o @puppymnkey
No map, nothIng outaide a bunch of individual Israel haters...there is and never was a "country" @stlkrash @puppymnkey
Kerry has been a disgrace since Vietnam.
.@SenTedCruz History will record Obama and Kerry as relentless enemies of freedom and liberty as well as Americanism.
WRONG @SenTedCruz WRONG 
WRONG
BIGOTS
'splains it all...this "realtor" is from NC where they make up their own laws against new Gov!
aha! Yes, it does @NCCoastalRltr
Like anyone cares what Quarkle Sparkle has to say? Happy New Year Trolls-Now go back to your corners. #MAGA
Will not be quiet for the next 4 yrs or until impeachment.  #MAHA #NOTMYPRESIDENT
Thank you sir, thank you for your efforts to protect Israel. Thank you for supporting one of our greatest allies! Prayer for you
GO PALESTINE
Palestine has never ever never been a State. @SenTedCruz

Can you name the ruler of "Palestine"? Is their a government in "Palestine"? Where's the Capitol of "Palestine"?@SenTedCruz
why do you not credit a people and culture that has been around a few thousand years longer than we have?
Why do you discredit Israel? I can name their government, and their PM.So called Palestinian leaders are terrorist/Jihadists
the Christian right betrays Isreal
voters are antiSemetic 
Total Jew haters
Isreal is a pawn of the right
They use it as a tool
Good? Fuck Israel. They're terrorists.
yes you are correct.
u r so right God Bess our nation 4 finally electing a common sense man of his word & a man of nothing but good intent 4 AMERICA
give me a break. Obama could feed every child in Africa and you would find a way to shit on him. Get a grip on reality
Go live in Gaza for a year. Nope. Thought not.
Obama&Kerry are enemies of #Israel, freedom, everything good&support hatred, terror,and evil
Sad truth
#zionists
not even twitter is going to remember @SenTedCruz
notice 135 RT's...that's proof you're blowing this all out of proportion. U just disagree with their stance. It wasn't an attack
Excuse me sir. That was a BLATANT attack. He hates Israel and the USA. That is a fact!
please tell me all about your credentials discussing foreign wars and religions based from your gas station in USA
- and, your qualifications to discuss those topics are.....?
Hi bot
And so they should be. Israel is the enemy of Human Rights. An Apartheid regime. The bullied  becoming the biggest bullies Ever.
@michellemalkin ,And don't forget Enemy's of These United States!!!
Obama is falling from a great height and he knows his time is short. Of course he will pour out his wrath on Israel.
---very well put.
a gentleman would consult with the pres elect on long-term policy. Bush did on the bailout money
right on sir! I can't believe what this man has done to our friends in Israel. It's all Israel's land. Jehovahs land!
Thank you Senator Cruz for being the most reliable, true constitutional conservative that we can depend on!
@TylerSmithEtown Don't just defund the UN.  Evict them.   Send them packing.   Not only do we not want them we don't need them.
Well done.
Obama and Kerry ensured Israel got $3 billion in aid plus additional military support. Or are you still Lyin Ted?
SOOOOO TRUE
u know u r an embarrassment to America.  U do not represent the majority of Americans.   Check ur vote count for confirmation
You are a relentless enemy of truth. Jesus pukes when he hears your thoughts. Your sickness will destroy America and the world.
yup and I want to know why this @POTUS thinks he can dictate what other countries can or cannot do. OB the dictator!!!!!!!!!!!
and history will record you as being a total waste of taxpayers money
history will record you and the rest of your rethuglicans as relentless enemies of President Obama.
The lies. These people are unreal.
More importantly GOD knows it. Judgement day is upon us
DEM-RATS  ARE DIRT-BAGS
no doubt
By that standard most israeli's would also make the cut.
@michellemalkin Obama is a deranged sick fuck!
jesus christ move to israel. 4 billion annual military aid & not good enough? #zionistTrash
So true. Obama/Kerry did not tell the hard truth to a friend; they cut the legs off Israel.
well, history will record you as a dangerous bible beating crackpot who got way too close to being president, so it'll even out.
stop this rhetoric. History for sensible viewers
@tedcruz Trump will make Obama and Kerry look like saints. #Israel

You are an enemy of truth.
really???!!!! Omg, who will protect them???
@hale4jesus @ 1choice Ted Cruz needs to be kicked out of our Republican party 2018 business person in Texas run against raffy 
Are u still around??? Barf
You're a traitor.
And the USA
@BeachyKate69 It is my sincere hope that things will settle down soon in the Middle East after Obama, Kerry and Rice are gone!
This is why you're not president, you are owned by AIPAC. You put Israel first, America last.
Obama is Muslim the man hates America and Israel! Scary part he isn't out yet may God help us and protect us from Obama & Kerry
I thought that was the way we were to treat terrorists?
I would call anyone that supports installing a Russian asset into the White House is a traitor. Where are the investigations?
To go against Israel is to go against God himself! Horrible results will ensue!
Any Nation that lifts it's hand against My people, Israel, I will destroy. And utterly.
Barrack Hussain Obama is a Muslim and Kerry's daughter is arrived to a muslim Goverment offical from Iran
@LGKITTEN And enemies of the United States!
History will record that you were the first to go to Guantanamo for your treason trial if you keep attack our own.
http://realclimatescience.com/2016/12/100-of-us-warming-is-due-to-noaa-data-tampering/ …
@michaelharrisdr @IsraeliPM @POTUS @JohnKerry Correct. Pair of scum.DEFUND UN.Investigate forged birth certificate=illegal Pres.
Shall we talk about what history shall record about you?
Democrats and Terrorists have a common goal. End freedom of religion for Christians and Jews. Morals bad.
so the new path the #GOP choses is the extermination of the Palestinian and theft of land. Jesus Christ is so proud.
Kerry is a disgrace.
such an honor to be ranked up there with Ahmadinejad, good job boys
@michellemalkin Ted - you are correct. My concern - Israel's enemies may try to attack knowing Obama will do NOTHING - NOTHING!
... as well as complete idiots
and that's just one of many negatives they will be remembered for
And yet Jewish people continue to vote for Democrats. They are self destructive.
word
50 years and 9 presidents have made same decision, President Obama and Secretary Kerry doing right thing.
@michellemalkin well said thank you. Boycott the UN. BETTER TO USE THE PROPERTY OF THE UN AS AFFORDABLE HOUSING IN NYC
and history will show you and the other GOP do nothings as the laziest Congress in history...#GOPWASTETAXDOLLARS
in my eyes, you are niw about 10 feet tall! thank you for this stance, sir
you are a traitor to the US for speaking against our government on this issue. Are you a US senator or an Israeli lobbyist?
.@SenTedCruz And enemies of the State of Israel are enemies of Am Yisrael - the Jewish people.
Thank you for stating the truth
of Israel AND the USA
History will show that @SenTedCruz has been a relentless enemy of the USA for cock blocking progress in this country.
unbelievable  we  got a  pres.  who did this to Israel.   Jesus-Yeshua   deliver us quickly .
