If you cared about these issues you would get behind @realDonaldTrump. You pontificate but actions speak louder-ALL about YOU
Oops! Missed Donald on the floor... Cruz there w comment- no Trump!
Trump speaks daily- this issue-Difference is he will get the job done.Cruz backing donors/Hillary
Can you substantiate the donor part going to Hillary? Very concerning...
To not get behind Trump is same as working for Hillary-Abortion,terror, guns,supreme court-gone
Agree Hillary will be disaster!
@CR  Now you want to jump on the pc wagon, After Trump took the criticism and opened the dialogue
You are Obama's first assist-Stubbornly sticking w/donors over nominee-GUARANTEED to make problem worse-Your actions belie words
@shopgirlmall @CR let's see you support Trump
@ChgocadChic @CR to him there is no RADICAL ISLAMIC MUSLIMS TERRORIST!
and @SenTedCruz got it right. You cannot defeat the evil if you refuse to admit it exists. Obama won't call it by its name @CR
Did u really not show up for the vote on AG Lynch? That seems fighting blind too to me
@PolitixGal Teddy... How's Mandy?! Miss her much?
@thejenn999 I completely disagree. Obama has eyes wide open; knows exactly what he's doing. He's a jihadi for Islam.
Read between the lines, that is exactly what @SenTedCruz is saying, either colossal ignorance or in on the jihad
Hi Senator Cruz haven't heard the Senate speak out about Obama in years. Must be a election coming up.
You must be deaf. Cruz was non stop but he had McConnell trying to stop him
Nobody NOBODY liked Ted in Congress or Senate. Ya know what he would have passed diddly squot
Sounding like a progressive democrat. Cruz is a Constitutionalist. Something you know nothing about
I know he was 4 amnisty be4 he was against it. Ask Rubio. Besides your helping Bernie Hillary will be indicted
Yiu need to do some research you sound pretty pathetic
If you have to say Say it Because I haven't gotta clue who the hell you are Or What the hell your talking about
OhI see now you didn't watch the debates Yeah research the debate footage that give you something to do.
your party made it okay and easy for terrorist to buy weapons to kill us!
.@SenTedCruz I was going to respond to your ideas on gun control but you're barely participating in that discussion.
.@SenTedCruz @CR you're such an irresponsibly willfully ignorant schmuck and you haven't had a single good idea in your entire life
.@SenTedCruz .@Gunnerguy1911 Or... He is Willfully "Aiding and Abetting" the Enemy. Obama's Foreign Policy Directly Lead to Creation Of ISIS
@ChuckNellis @CR
@CR Why are you going to sit on the Sidelines Senator... IF YOU LOVE THIS COUNTRY, UNITE THE PARTY AND RUN VP!!! TRUMP/CRUZ 2016
, since 9/11, chance of being killed by gun is 1 in 9,677, chance of being killed by a terrorist is 1 in 43,000,000. #Truth
U R owned by the NRA!! Blood is dripping from your hands!
Willfully more concerned for Muslim's than U.S. citizens.
@CruzinAhead EXCUSE ME SIR...DID YOU MEAN TO SAY "BINDING ITSELF"
Even Ted Cruz looks depressed to be Ted Cruz in this picture.
If only TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz would practice what he preaches our Veterans wouldn't be dying waiting to see a doctor or be admitted.
r u voting for donald. So disappointed its not you. He is not the right choice but only choice?
@SenTedCruz
@jerrylmassey @CR you would have been better prez candidate than this outta control bigot Egomaniac trump!
@CR who cares what terrorists are called by the President. I dont care if he calls them the boggieman. He is working to end them
@GaetaSusan no one wants to listen to a man who breaks his oath.
NO FLY NO GUN!!
may I remind you that your team can't read
@M24Miles Isn't that an act of criminality? Impeachable too?
the "real threat" is that we have weapons of war available in this country to crazy people and terrorists. And 3 year olds.
@CR that's funny you bash Trump for not being PC. You go after the president for being PC. You can't have it both ways.
Ted, your biggest enemy is television
Love U Ted Cruz! Seeing Trump haters attacking U here, reminds me WHY I'm #NeverTrump Callous, cruel. Can't relate 2 their hate.
POTUS Obama is not fighting his facilitating Islamic terrorists; remember the Islamic terrorists his released from GITMO.
POTUS Obama is not fighting terrorists remember the Iran deal. If anything Obama is facilitating Islamic terrorists.
Thank you for standing up for our God-given rights.
you are pushing Hillary right into office, you should be ashamed
well,  if you want to stop it you need to go full throttle for Donald trump or you join mitt, graham
- u can't defeat terrorism by advocating spying on ur fellow citizens cos they serve a diffident God, that is counter productive
not really sure fighting is the right word
No, but it gets obama closer to martial law and a dictatorship which is what he and @SpeakerRyan APPEAR to be trying for.
Willfully ignorant! I like the reference! So true.
People with guns kill more people. You are a do nothing senator. Just go home.
Please vote NO to any gun bills that may come up. This is not the way to defeat terrorism. #wrongwayobama
If only @POTUS had any successes, like bringing justice to the mastermind behind 9/11. Oh, wait. You're just blathering again.
@CR delete your account
if you can't address the problem you can't fix it. Hillary may as well be Obama 2.0
Gee not even your party agrees.
Because Trimp is a democrat
Go away, loser!!
You don't know what a conservative is. FYI. Trump is a progressive. Don't be lazy. Do your research
Blind Ted or stupid? You know the answer.
I do.  Neither. You sound like an uninformed Trump supporter
Lyin Ted's Got No Cred

