@colear7 @POTUS thank you ted cruz for giving Christian conservatives hope. I will never stand down.
Says the guy who ignores over 95% of scientists when it comes to climate change.
So, when will the GOP show some guts and begin impeachment proceedings.
should have done that long ago but u can't impeach our first black POTUS or our first woman POTUS Hillary.
Actually, with enough guts, the GOP can.
@TexHellCat Counting on you Senator to keep him honest.
We need more like him.
WHY DID YOU LIE, TED? WHY? YOU ALWAYS LYIN'
He is truly a man of his sincerely held convictions, no matter how (fiscally) irresponsible and (morally) bankrupt.
@lxl20886 @POTUS We Need You @SenTedCruz to continue to fight for Americas' Conservative Constitutional Principles   #tcot
Retire Mitch, Cruz for senate majority leader.
Cheer up, Mr. Ted. We're so regreted to vote Mr. Trumpet. We're so sorry.
https://twitter.com/DarleneHBrook/status/735825682324934656 … @SenTedCruz @POTUS
#TedCruz:

Stand for Principle!

…
sir dispose of ur selfish political agenda n allow a vote on Pres Obama's Supreme Court nominee
Another Great Find! I posted your tweet on my website at http://www.rebelmouse.com/elvincan2  http://rbl.ms/1OZH2Gv 
What abt the radical fundamentalist trying to make the US a theocracy?
I agree. I also wish after a tough campaign that all Repubicans unite to defeat Hillary
let's not the the country turn to communism.
endorse Trump!! What are you waiting for?? We are Republicans.
praying for you and your family.  Trump makes me sick.
allabout the constitution till a SCOTUS seat is open. And where did the last one die?Was there a case he was involved in?
Take the pledge to #StandWithTarget and thank them for supporting LGBT
TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz still has done squat while our Veterans die waiting to see a doctor or be admitted. Another Butcher like hillary
Sen Cruz-all U R is an obstructionist.U hv no originality & all U can do is to criticize.Come with some progressive ideas
@DeepSouthProud @POTUS BULLSHIT YOU LIE!
Ted. Ted. We all have our hills to die on. Yours was running for POTUS and losing to Trump. Stop now. It's OK. Shhhhh. It's OK.
@ebizzylizzy @POTUS 
We now return to our regularly scheduled programming...
why doesn't the Senate stop him?
what about confirmation meeting delays for #SCOTUS ? Lying TeD. Hypocrite
Hollow words; from a Hollow Little Man; who is a member of a Legislative Body purposely flaunting the Constitution.
that's the fundamental transformation he promised. Along with screwing up this country every other way possible.
@HopeInHearts @POTUS I going to Canada
@HopeInHearts @POTUS I got pictures you can use on Hillary
@HopeInHearts @POTUS that's good 11state sue ombama over transgender bathroom policies good
Everyone of you, including VP and P, should be in JAIL for crimes against America.
YOU ALL, have allowed him to get away with his illegal activities and FUNDED them. 537 people are at fault.
Yes Ted, and his approval rating is at 51% while you went back to Texass with tail between legs. #soreloser
Ted, we need you in the next admin.  Join Trump. He needs someone to steer him on our Constitutional values.
Working toward 2020 eh?
When are you going to separate church & state?  #FREEDOMFROMRELIGION
this is one reason you need to be in the Senate. Good Man !
BHO never regarded the will of the people to be of any importance.. only what he believes is his devine vision and wisdom
Ted Cruz is devoted to discriminating against those who don't fit in his narrow worldview.
The racists called desegregation "radical social engineering" back in the day. Still do, for that matter.
WAKE UP AMERICA
.@SenTedCruz is more devoted to bigotry than the American people. Proud @POTUS is my President.
why is it radical to protect vulnerable minorities from the abuse of others, I guess you learned hate from the bible
and you want a theocracy which goes against everything the founders wanted
can't wait til he is gone..gone..gone..
so is any statist. ;)
Senator, what are you most devoted to, pray tell?
There's nothing more indicative of social engineering than religious brainwashing. Oh, and taking bribes from rich corps.
back on message! #finally
You mean the radical idea of treating people like you'd want to be, like your good ol' "savior" espoused. Yeah, radical.
SO, Senator, tell your stupid minions to get on the #TrumpTrain or we'll have 4 more years of the same
I think that train left the station. But I'm sure calling us "Stupid Minions" will get us on board.
Democratic process. You wouldn't be referring to the Rocky Mountain heist?
Mr.Cruz we need you on the #TrumpTrain We have to unite to take our country back ! #USA
Explain this sentiment also to your sycophants that are mounting your "write in campaign".
The Emperor's New Clothes.  The man is a fool!

@SenTedCruz @POTUS
I'm glad my state is linked with Tx in the coal, illegals, and transgender fight. Let's lock this up in court.
Bullshit! Radical social engineering-U are a ridiculous tool of the far right. I doubt many are still paying attn to U.
. Must be a Liberal Troll.  Starting out with obscenities. Shouldn't have skipped English class.
Ha, if "bullshit" is an obscenity to U, U must be old as Cruz's BS!! BTW, English class is irrelevant.
. It's very evident English is irrelevant to you.
bruh take the L
