this is stupid
when they do wrong people quickly condemn but now they are doing good let the same people quickly commend them too.   God Bless you
They don't care about your good deed they only see the wrong doings.
How nice of them.  I hope they reflect on these officers that are out there daily defending your life and family.  God Bless them
@NeeleyJonea  isn't this where you live???
it is!!! Thank you, doll!
so awesome! Wish my town would do it! Lord knows there's a lot that need it
Example of white guilt backfiring.
@tedcruz Never mind the risk to the cop of stopping someone who might be on the run or have something to hide. "Good intentions."
Excellent
Of course, the Officer will be screamed at, until the "free stuff" appears!
@SenTedCruz that was cool you guys get two thumbs up .
Why? Citizens should show their appreciation for the police during this holiday season!
@SenTedCruz I support the police, but this is not their job. Also, free turkeys would be better for people with no cars.
Not all people with cares are rich. Maybe they're using the car to provide for themselves & stay off the dole
I didn't say they were rich. I am saying the poorest people can't afford cars.
So the middle/lower class busting their humps to help themselves never deserve anything? You missed the point
Wouldn't you rather feed someone who would have nothing than someone who has something?
It's about the act of kindness. Does everything have to be divided into social classes all the time?
@SenTedCruz I'd rather not be harassed by the police so they can feel better about themselves.
this is terrible. Pulling people over isn't funny
harassing citizens w/ dead bird carcasses
I love it!!
@tedcruz I love that the officers do that here!! It means a lot!!!
AND WHO DOESN'T LIKE FREE TURKEYS?  :)
officers should quit trying to suck up to people. Quit apologizing. They are never given respect,and should not have to show any
THAT IS AWESOOOOOME!  WE DO HAVE CARING CITIZENS IN THIS COUNTRY! WE R BLESSED!
this is so 
What if you already have a turkey BUT have an unpaid ticket? Can you get credit and return turkey? JOKE! Awesome cops! Thumps up!
May God bless and protect our wonderful Police and their families.

Well they better be safe out there, too many nuts trying to target our Cops!
Is it really safe to stop people when you don't have to?
@tedcruz Seizing someone's person with no reasonable suspicion. Violates 4A and if there's a kilo of cocaine in back.. OH WELL!
@luckyswife05 http://www.foxnews.com/leisure/2016/08/01/virginia-police-play-sweet-summertime-prank-on-unsuspecting-driver/ … They don't show enough of these  @CertifiedHatter
love this!!!!!!
@PRsH0mbr3 that's pretty cool
finally some decent news from fox
Awesome! It's good to see a little positive. Hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving. 
add a trophy,
While as at Brisbane Psych., a old woman had a nervous breakdown in front of me.  A nurse said "This is really happening!"
@DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump  One of the stupidest things I have ever seen.
SCARY TIMES WE'RE LIVIN IN!  FEAR IT MIGHT GET WORSE BEFORE IT GETS BETTER!
Not to be a spoil sport but, if a citizen tried to do this they would likely suffer the wrath of state bureaucrats. Unfortunate.
@atlaswon Obama make important speech now abt attacks on our police&stop supporting the attacks w/code words like PROTEST March
so sweet. U have  2 respect our police officers!! Yes 1 out of 1 million R bad the rest are good God  watch over police officers
I love it
@TRUMPMOVEMENTUS omg, people on here will find any excuse to complain, valid or not.
Nicely done
Here we have a white police officer handing out a free turkey to a Black Man. To all who wish harm on Law Enforcement: WISE UP!!!!
@tedcruz the key to any libs heart is surely something free......Hand them an application!
@tedcruz this is wonderful!!
@SenTedCruz See how nice the police are. I wish all LEO'S a Happy Thanksgiving
Aww! So nice to see people being kind to one another, which truly is the norm.
Thank you police! You are absolutely rare and exceptional people! America would most likely be a war zone without you thanks again!
@SenTedCruz Public Relations! The turkeys were donated.. How's this bad on any level? If u dis this you're a miserable person.
Now that's cool!!!
now thats what I call protect and serve
better be careful. Anti trump dems are on cop shooting spree again
fantastic job
well.... Well.... Hallelujah
Wow...awesome! All U haters, racist, disrespectors of those who serve 2 protect, here's proof of their hate! Don't you feel stupid!
ha you're so embarrased to inform about Pope Francis and the abortion news .it's nowhere to be found on your webiste  #inyourface
It's not Fort Worth... it's Foat Wuth Y'all.
in a world full of chaos and hate. It's stories like this that should be told.

#yaAli
HILLARY WON THE ELECTION
Uh, get over it @JEDTHEPHISHHHH
