After an afternoon of meetings in Congress, I'm more optimistic than ever about an open and mutually beneficial British-American trade deal.
Such a pleasure to discuss US-UK trade with the heroic @SenMikeLee - one of Britain's truest friends in the Senate.
I've always been a huge fan of Pennsylvania's @SenToomey. Great to talk to him about how a post-EU deal can benefit both our nations.
Great to be able to thank Mike Pence for his support for our country, before, during and after the Brexit referendum. Much appreciated, @VP.
1st step twd union of UK, US, Canada, Australia & NZ in glorious new superstate. Abolish GOP & replace with Conservative and Unionist Party!
Oh! So Brexiteers were actually just closet Atlanticists all along! I just never saw that coming
As if atlanticism is bad.
Have a modicum of self respect ffs man.
what's it got to do with either of you?
You're a dime-store Farage
What about 'not leaving the single market'? Pls stay in politics Mr Hannan. I'll very much enjoy your inevitable downfall.
I saw Ted Cruz with an "anti gay pastor" when I was in America calling for "the death penalty for homosexuals" @DanielJHannan
I will try and find the video for you @DanielJHannan
https://twitter.com/owenjones84/status/709375600922910720 … @DanielJHannan
One of the most disturbing things I've seen for a while. I actually pity this pathetic man. 
You can watch him introduce Ted Cruz at 7.10 @DanielJHannan @OwenJones84 @JaredWyand
why r u getting matey with this bigot when "Absolutely nobody is talking about threatening our place in the Single Market"
The politician who said he opposed corrupt links between politicians and Wall St but married, literally, to Wall St?
desperately covering the fact you misled us on Single Market membership? Also Cruz strikes me more as craven & slimy
@FangornForest1 @tedcruz 
What is Hannan doing talking to Cruz?! 
US is already our biggest export country while in EU anyway
will still be outside EU anyway
Sucking up to Ted Fucking Cruz? FFS
You know the deal will be a pile of protectionist crap, Daniel. Stop pretending and admit you were wrong.
a Nirvana song comes to mind. It`s called `Rape Me` http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/QXVwa …
speak to @realDonaldTrump and he will tell you all you need to know about lying ted..
Ted Cruz the most opportunistic, vain, hypocritical man in the Senate!
He may be intelligent, but he is certainly dishonest and slippery. Ask him about immigration!
@Radegund @tedcruz both awful
brilliant? Is the homophobic, climate denying racist thing just an act then?
Demerit.
We have to deal with people with whom we profoundly disagree.  For me, Ted Cruz is one of those people.  A most illiberal man
Even his own party think he is utterly obnoxious
Bizarre. Ted Cruz isn't just right wing his politics are virtually weird to most Brits. Meet to him fine but this BS Tweet?
Two great politicians who love their respective countries and respect the other deeply.
you left out the words "far right lunatic".
Yes 1 trade deal at a time. No "equalizing" economies with multinational trade agreements. We know!
@ofpeopl @tedcruz Better than Trump for sure. Needs to be on Supreme Court out of senate.
darn those pesky Europeans and all their rules,they are even anti discrimination.Let's go back to white straight man rule all
did anything social, values, principles, as long as there is a good trade deal right?
the 'brilliant and patriotic!.... he is a complete nut job... Christ
Dream team.
What better partnership than the UK and US. Existing ties are strong - let's take this opportunity to further them.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz lmao at brilliant
Mind out he might kill you Daniel
My man.. in the blue striped tie
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz are you going to take the same stance your predecessor did 30 years ago to discourage hate??
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz did you do that on an unsecured line like your president?
It's time to strengthen our relationship with our greatest allies, who also have the best accents, the UK. :)
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz "Brilliant and patriotic" means capitalistic pigs.
At least you see that Cruz is a great leader.
Ted, you're in line to run for president next time.  Don't mess it up!
has this become a parody account?
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz combo decimos los cubanos 'tremenda foto'
To paraphrase Arnie; 'Do it, Dan! Just do it! C'mon, do it now!' #Brexit #Brexit2
There's a team I could vote for President, if only . . .

hate speech?
Yes, plus incitement to commit genocide, which need not include violence but be via migration.
who manages to make @realDonaldTrump look almost liberal
this man is worse than Trump you've gone down in any moderate's estimations recently Hannan, you're no libertarian
Really, Daniel...really?
Brilliant?
Two of my favorites.
This type of camaraderie is good to see from Dan-With-the-Plan and LION Ted! Plenty to hope for these days.
and in one tweet all respect goes. But well done, your very own 'Nigel with Don' moment
because some people believe in some basic values. One main one being anti discrimination.
Think he is making a point that Hannan is a little Englander bigot
I'm not calling Hannan a bigot I'm taking the piss that he calls Cruz brilliant
Notice he did not dispute my comment though son
P.S. #CRUZ~Not unlike #TRUMP~would sell his children B4 he'd engage in democratic principles of compromise
still not convinced. Let's see shall we. But more to point u don't want to compromise by accepting result
On great democratic principal of "COMPROMISE"~U'd find these2 historical ex.'s interesting http://www.upenn.edu/president/meet-president/Mindsets-Political-Compromise …
Oh great, I'll send this to @HillaryClinton as well and she can pass it around.
It's about our country and how things get done~I thought U'd want 2see it
BELIEVE ME▶︎ #CRUZ=same psychotic demagoguge as #TRUMP he will say/promise ANYTHINGONLY DIFF.=HIS REASONS
I'm sorry but you have failed to convince me of your claim.
That is fine & acceptable. It is backed up w/multiple facts & hist.examples. It is not my job 2convinceU.
not asking you to convince me but you seem to think yr hyperbole will - "Psychotic demagogue" #dramaqueen
He is opposed 2all compromise~which is definition of a demagogue.(not my definition~it's Merriam Webster's
I know!  It's his brilliant and patriotic views on abortion that you so strongly agree with.
Perhaps it's his brilliant and patriotic understanding of global warming that floats your boat?
Do you support his brilliant and patriotic views on the death penalty, too?
Wrong guy Dan!
and what was the outcome? Timetable? Pros / cons.  Details pls.
Alternatively known as the fundamentalist Christian nut job. Get with @realDonaldTrump program
Oh dear, there you go with the 'p' word.
Do you think @tedcruz will fill the Scalia place in the Supreme Court?
Cruz was late to the party but got there in the end....just
Ted Cruz us STILL the best go-to man for all things Constitutional.
Not if he advocates multinational trade agreements. It is for corporate installed Global Oligarch.
When did he? Details please.
Secretary of State is on the cards with Cruz (according to Trump sources). Might be good.
Hadn't heard that one, but he'd make a VERY sound judge on SCOTUS.
Indeed he would, Cruz is far more conservative than Mr Trump appears to be.
Cruz for A-G!
