I'm hearing today that it is Iran's money that we are returning as they paid for weapons /planes that we never gave them.
how can they do this?  Impeach Obama!  And now he's setting criminals free by the hundreds and he's just getting started
So why is this scofflaw administration not brought to heel? What about unindicted felon #Hitlary_Clinton?
go ahead and impeach him then
This proves that Obama is dirty and how can a president do this without telling the American people wtf is for
You embarrass us almost as much as Trump.
@Eccentrie So do something instead of kissing his ass. #TrumpTrain
How many pieces does it take?  I would suggest you stop helping Hillary and the anti-GOP media. #NeverHillary
you CANNOT state FACTS! You are a liar in the true meaning of the word!
I realize I don't have a big fancy Law Degree, but when do the rules against "aiding and abetting the enemy" apply
@SenTedCruz
true but what are you elected law makers doing to stop Obama.... Nothing. Has gone on continuously for 7 yrs
DO SOMETHING SENATOR.
go back on the plane with Obama your traitor
Everything about any relation of #Obama with top State Sponsor of #Terrorism #Iran is illegal@
so he rides in planes with Obama. What a typical con@@JohnKStahlUSA @IngrahamAngle @seanhannity @AnnCoulter @AIIAmericanGirI
Funny, didn't seem to bother #GOP back in January.
@nativekittens Iran will help US fight ISIS
And our people had to wait for the plane at airport for hours hummm.
Why wasn't the House or Senate aware any of this was going on?
Or did y'all just ignore?
I wish you could put personal diff. Aside and rally with trump to beat Hillary in November. This country won't make it!
Do something. Talk later.
What is your suggestion, Ted? Return the the hostages and ask for a refund? It was IRANIAN money.
Except the $400m was Iran's to begin with and we'd held on to their money since 1970s. Are evangelicals in favor of stealing?
Y don't u check 2 c if that money came from the missing $ while HRC was SOS! I bet it did!
go home. #irrelevant
@HouseCracka so back Trump and be a man!
if this is true and @BarackObama and his cronies did indeed pay for hostages. When do impeachment proceedings begin?
Trust but verify.
a plane loaded with cash? What's next? Unmarked bills?
@Miss_Karizma89 but a GOP majority in congress lacks courage to impeach!
Not The DemoCRAPS?! IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE SAYING?;
@Miss_Karizma89 @SenTedCruz
Whatever, Quit wasting my time
r u upset at something?
What exactly is the political gain?  Congress spent more than that trying to criminalize Hillary for events she's been cleared.
Thank you #Obama admin for funding the #terrorists!
@ChuckNellis-Please give me a link that proves #IRAN signed the dotted line.
who negotiated the Iran deal?
@FRCdc 2/2 Cruz I admire you greatly. But when is enough enough we r going so far that it will not be able to be reigned back in
@FRCdc where r U Sen. & Congr.? Keep hearing yall cry "FOUL"but if thats all yall do then n all due respect sit down&shut up 1/2
I wonder how much kicks back to BO ?
@FRCdc correct if  wrong but Obama cant cut checks, right?Congress does.OK if thats the case&he did why hasnt he been impeached?
@hedgemastermb I will never forgive your arrogant dismissal of voters. Shame on you.
As a senator You should have known that the money was Iran's frozen in Hague during sanctions against Iran! Treaty gave it back!
@SpeakerRyan and yet still, no impeachment. What a sad, sad reality America now faces
True Senator Cruz but Trump is still the enemy. He the real danger this Country faces.
i'm practically counting down the seconds until I can vote for you in 2020! You're a Great American! We love you!!
Exactly Now get on the #TrumpTrain or we'll have HRC who w/put the final destructive touches on America. Vote @realDonaldTrump
This deal is TREASONOUS. And if you really cared, you'd do more than just tweet about it. Obama should be impeached now.#treason
GWB's Iraq war was illegal too, remember that.
Which countries signed that deal Ted?
Now I know why Trump call,s you lying Ted  You know  the Truth
 and yet you lie to the american people Shame of you
The fact that you didn't know proves how inept you are.
The administration is too "illegit" to quit. And then they say, you can't touch this.
it was Iran's own money seized for almost 40 years. The money paid for buying weapons that was never delivered.
the 400 million being reported is separate from the released funds. Secretly dropped 6 months later
#youlie This was announced in January. Has nothing to do with nuclear deal.#Get some up to date info. # gop #dnc #POTUS
ANOCHE 6th grade of my favorite part time x
how did u vote on it?
Obama Unfit #ObamaUnfit
why don't you do something about it in the senate
I'm writing your name in. Our country is in big trouble! I hope there is a 2020
POTUS is either an idiot or he is setting Iran up to be a thorn in our eye for a very long time making Obama one of "them".
.@SenTedCruz shame on you, again! For someone who claims to be Christian, you certainly LIE a lot! #Iran funds we were holding was RETURNED!
Different funds but still Cruz's job to know
Obama & Hillary bad for America. Iran and rest of world have Obama by the balls. Dangerous for our troops #NeverHillary Help Rid
@SenTedCruz
Can Obama and Obama ALONE really Take 4M & Pay out!? IF True he's Not alone in the action!
Obama admin paying terrorists to release prisoners and fund their terror acts borders on treason dont it?
How does the President spend tax payer money such as this without the consent of Congress?
Imagine the impact for years to come! What news to the nation!!!
so even you can't stick to the facts senator? How is returning seized assets a payout?
The 400 million was not part of released funds. Secretly delivery 6 months later
REPUBLICAN LIE, REPUBLICAN B S .
LOL...this from a man caught colluding with Obama and begging for DNC money to destroy Trump?  You are exposed.
if you spent more time doing congressional oversight and less time tweeting you wouldn't be whinging 7months later
Nothing secret about 1979 claim public ally settled in January 2016
.@joshledermanAP @OKnox Yes. @POTUS spoke 2 settlement in Jan 17 address. & @JohnKerry issued standalone statement! 
why are you not raising hell in the Senate to the point of being put in jail. Obama needs to resign immediately enough is enough
#bringbackted
The Senate & the House better investigate. We know corruption and lawless behavior in this administration is a reality.
Are U sure Obama hasn't done this as his exit package or as DNC funds.  We do not pay ransom. We don't negotiate. This is the US
God bless Ted Cruz for telling the truth about what's going down in Washington and trying to protect the American people
senCruz when are you going to endorse Trump???
and apparently it was a pallet of old hard cash WTH? What is happening?
Ted Cruz: When all the right people people hate you, you know you're doing right!
US just gave Iran incentive to kidnap American citizens wake up US quit blaming Ted Cruz he's in Washington trying to fight this
if we get an ultimatum they have to get back
all about the same time you were running for election. Way to stay on top of that Senator. Great job!
Payoff for good behavior should be in fact good effects. @SenTedCruz Incentivizing the move to the precipice reveals low soul value quotient
for those of you that don't understand what's going on US without our permission just gave $400mil to a terrorist group
and they just keep lying about it!!
: doubt Mr. Obama gave "Iran" any money at all. For sure some grubby Iranian "politico" is most indebted to Mr. Obama!
The #Idiocracy #GOP deserves @realDonaldTrump More #GOPlies http://www.politicususa.com/2016/08/03/fact-checking-republican-claims-obamas-secret-iran-payment.html …
senator Cruz
don't worry 
drink cold water
باشه ما هم زیاد راضی نیستیم به این توافقی که هیچ پیشرفتی برای ما نداشته هیچ تغییری در وضع زندگی ما ایجاد نشده
All the more reason we need EVERYONE in the GOP to back/endorse our nominee. @realDonaldTrump !! NO TIME FOR GOP TRAITORS!!
@ClaireCrouch1 Ted Cruz will vote his conscious and will vote Trump!
looks like Trump may be dropping out.
you wish. That's Sanders. Trump didn't quit.
no I don't wish but I understand that is a real possibilitu...seriously.
not only is it illegitimate, but why did it take almost 8 months for the people to find out about it.  So much for transparency
Hostage deal disgraceful but what would you suspect for this Adm?
Yet you where all chummy on air force 1 not to long ago.
we didn't even get dinner before we got screwed
his dumbass don't know what facts are.
Rush is on point right out of the box.  The prisoners were on sale apparently.  #AffordableRansomAct
