Y'all who complain can quit your job, and how about become your own boss?  Communism is ultimately what you want...
Getting paid for work you do isn't Communism. You may have a mental disorder.
Letting gov't take over is communism.   Maybe you don't complain bc you are not so important?
No, letting a COMMUNIST government take over is Communism. This may be over your head.
I doubt you know what communism is.
A society where all property and means of production is owned and distributed by the state.
35% corporate tax rate is actually better than 35% state ownership. Only share the winnings...
Which is how we do things here, are you from some alternate dimension where Communisim won?
this is a good way to paint Texas Blue.
why do you like having people work their asses off only to get paid a pittance? And no paid sick leave, maternity, vacation..
Your lack of principles is shocking and I'm ashamed to be represented by you.
does he even have one principal?
You and your GOP pals just stole money working people rightfully earned. Good luck in 2018.
Go home and cry in your safe space corner libtard. @SenTedCruz
Try to learn some new words. Read books. Improve yourself.
I don't think they allow her to have books in her psych ward. You know, pointed corners and all.
great news!you're rich buddies get richer & get to work their employees for 60hrs a week w/o paying them.F the middle class!
Yea for lower wages and more dangerous work places!
Do something
why would a "job creator" hire new employees if they don't have to pay overtime to the ones they already have? ride 'em harder!
and that's exactly what they'll do! Cruz = 
if you think OT is what killed jobs your clueless. Automation in factories was the biggest killer of jobs.
Republican economics is based on the idea that the poor make too much money. @SenTedCruz
: Great news all right - for labor exploitation. Well, working class America. It's what u voted for. That's what u get
and bad news for low income wage earners, and has Trump apologized to you Dad and wife yet? Lyin Ted
There is a problem--Employers that put employees on a straight salary (no overtime) and then work them 60 hours a week
Damn right! Let's kill overtime pay all together!
Of course this means YOU will give up YOUR pay - you haven't worked a day since you entered the Senate. #WelfareQueen
you don't care about USA families. Stop telling that family values lie. You're wealthy so damn those who are not. We work.
You're a fucking arsehole, Senator.
Nope, we love him and everything he does to stop the MUSLIM-IN-CHIEF!! F*** OBAMA!!! GO TEXAS!!! @SenTedCruz @politico
When you say things like that it makes me think you don't know how capitalism works. A spending workforce are job creators.
You're referring wealth concentrators. Those who concentrate wealth away from workers.
again, Republicans aren't in favor of the little guy.
emailed you about having lunch. Like most public servants, you still haven't replied.
Disgusting. Way to stick up for the working class. Get your priorities straight.
this just in: Texas still a low wage shithole barely propped up by oil, aspires to be as backwards as Kansas.
.@SenTedCruz Hey, spanky, the only real job creators are the ones buying companies' services/products. Take money out of their hands?
Ted Cruz's net worth = $3,013,518 Good to know you (don't) care about working Americans. Republican True Colors.
Why do you hate working class Americans so much?
Speaking of Justice - I see Supreme Court Justice in your future - Near Future
you just screwed over a million hard working people so the rich can get richer. This is great news? & enjoy this portrait of you
please get out of Texas. You make me hate it here even more.
What about their workers? Nevermind keep up the evil @GOP needs to be exposed...no more hiding behind "ideology"
- How is this great for the people not being paid for their work?
I'm sure your rural trailer park voters making $30K aren't as thrilled
how is this great??? Not paying ppl is now considered great..smh
You are out of touch.
Wouldn't be bragging about not approving a law that would pay hard working Texans OT...Way to go...NOT!
I like how you campaigned for a man who insulted your wife.
"Job creation" is a made up concept that absolves business owners from recognizing that they can't do everything themselves.
I'd bet my life you couldn't handle a 30 days, much less a lifetime, of manual labor.
Here's a challenge for you: Go work as a garbage man for a month with no overtime. You would break if you had to work.
You're a disgrace.
yeah, great news. The poor working class continues to BE SLAVES to the wealthy. Personally, I #BoycottTexas
.    But what about the job doers? Don't they deserve more pay if they work overtime? Who do u work for?
Very unified response. 

Telling people they will work more and make less with a smile.

I think you forgot who elected you.
I think you mean greedy corporations, not 'job creators '. Hope your constituents that get screwed by this know that.
WHY AM I PERSECUTED????
Narrowing the income gap by raising wages increases jobs by more consumer spending and consumption. Works in WA state.
Many low-Salaried employees are expected to work such long hours, their hourly averages are too low. Why do you hate the poor?
Good News You are a corrupt politician and a Pharisee. #PhariseeProject
Really!? You sick, twisted evil little troll. Are you just a comic book villain or are you actually convinced this is good?
Are you going to stand up to these populists taking over the GOP?  Are you for Big Govt populism?
Are you nuts? GOP you will go down in history as the worst in history. Folks will learn very quickly. Trump is a mistake!
here in the UK we have "A honest days pay for a honest days work." drilled into us. You are a goddamn joke sir.
You're happy that 1,244,000 Texans earning less than $47,476 now won't get paid for working overtime? WTF is wrong w/ u?
10 million jobs since Obama was reelected and got rid of Bush era tax cuts and policies
.@SenTedCruz @politico Ted Cruz hasn't worked overtime since Green Eggs & Ham, then rewarded himself w/ gov't shutdown. Got $ for undertime
A. You're killing people like my dad who, like your dad, did not kill Kennedy. B. @POTUS looks cool in that picture. Nice choice
name one business who refused to hire someone because of this regulation
Welp. That's another Christmas well and truly fucked. Hope you like sticks and lint for presents, kids!!
way to pride your self on screwing people over
always there for the working man or woman so they work more and get paid less
yay
Job killing? I hope poor families struggling to get by realize Texas just stripped you of extra income you could earn
I Texas!
Bro, you're the worst. Not getting paid for overtime? Why are you the way you are? You're the Toby Flenderson of the GOP.
who would Jesus deny payment  for the overtime work he's done?
It's no wonder that many people who have met you despise you.
You're cheering about stripping overtime pay from working people. What's wrong with you?
you are pathetic! I hope God never let you become available for president.
Even an Obama appointed judge found the regulation as potentially overreaching the DOL's authority. Good job!
Blocking the rule is the wrong move. No one is stopping biz from paying hrly. Just stop paying salaried so little.
GOP, everybody. For the common man. This is fine...
Cheering over the fact hardworking constituents will be denied the opportunity to earn extra money for extra hours. #dick
That pays people overtime...oh no, how evil, he want's people to be paid for work they do. God damn
Your wealth comes on the backs of hard working people.If you had to work like we do, you would not have your wealth. Shame on U.
Question 4 Ted: When is corporate 'trickle down' gonna happen? Been waiting 30 years. Starting to think GOP is lying.
Never, ever claim to be a Christian when you cheer taking food out of working people's mouths. Deplorable.
you're not too bright, Ted
aren't you a holier-than-thou Christian?  What a hypocrite.
Congratulations on stealing money from hard working Americans. I hope you're proud.
Screwing people over right before the holidays.  And you're celebrating about it.  YOU ARE A HORRIBLE PERSON!
Thanks a bunch Lyin Ted. As long as you make plenty of money all is well.
so paying workers fairly is job killing?
The new breeding ground for Union organizers # Texas #TedCruz sucks
not only is your name lying Ted you are that person along with TRUMP that would screw America shame on you!
Obama has created millions of jobs; your "job killing" bullshit is ridiculous.


Rafael porque hacer las gentes sufrir Mala gente Mala persona. Dios ve todo. Ask your daddy to translate it to you
of course.... it's not money out of YOUR pocket. Piss off
this isn't the way most would want to prepare a run for President in 2020 sir..alienating your voters...
Great
Great news for whom? be specific. No bueno
No big surprise to see you AGAIN cheering against your constituents.
That's a Ruse of a Bull Shit!  Likely gotta pay the benefits of new Hires.  Also, the new little boogers have to be trained.
Did it ever occur to you that the more unpaid overtime employers can get from employees, the fewer new jobs they'll create?
woohoo rich business owners can overwork their poor staff for less!!!
Did any of the nasty responders to this talk to the businesses that would have to cut back or close? No OT if no job!
for someone so concerned with what God thinks, you sure don't give a damn about his creation.
DAPL will kill more jobs than Obama ever did.
So much for the working class Trump profess to care so much about. Right to work is really the Right for workers to get screwed.
disgusting, enjoy stealing from the lower/middle class to pad the pockets of the rich, typical GOP
Why was that necessary?  Aren't those bastards leaving the Union next Summer when their Hearing comes up? Texas most Vocal!
This affects so many of my coworkers who are only protected from being made to work 60 hours by this law.
I think you meant “wages killing”. Most people get wages from a job, so not getting paid is the same as not having a job.
this is not given this is earn
Most people in your state can't live with minimum wage 
This will hurt Americans
Why don't you want hard working people to be paid properly?
Shorter Cruz: If you thought you should get paid for your work that money is going to go to some asshole on the golf course now.
bunch of lunatics here. Less government regulation is good.
Exactly how is that going to create jobs when they can overwork current employees rather than hire someone else?
Ted, you are a cuckold.
rich guy happy that hard working americans won't get paid for working overtime.  nice
Let's create more shitty jobs Americans don't want. Sounds like a real win!
fuck off asshole
Wow. Cheering for continuing poverty. What a guy.
yup.. Obama has the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record... Thank GOD that is over!!!
Since you never worked overtime you'd be an expert in these matters right? People are going to suffer you rich brat.
Ted, so ah Trump said bad shit about you and you just let it go?
. @SenTedCruz
Killing overtime reduces jobs, but thanks for continuing to crush the working class while you swim in money.
.@SenTedCruz I support my husband through law school. I have to deal with lower pay because of my gender, and now this? Explain yourself.
so if I work 60 hours your only going to pay me for 40 if I make < then 48k
Considering the average income in Texas is less than 56k, well done on screwing over your constituents.
you and your 1% friends can kiss America's ass.
It's not job killing . . .
Employees are your greatest resource
If you can't pay, watch 'em go
Texas, you're rotten
great news for whom??? Certainly not the hard working people now being cheated out of fair overtime pay. Thanks a lot.
you don't care about the people
Yeah, creators of jobs paying below-poverty-line wages.
You have a typo there, @SenTedCruz. Should be "Great news for job exporters across America." #FixedIt #CruzWouldHaveBeenWorseThanTrump
by this logic you should ban all overtime pay. Get on it, senator
As a Canadian i am disgraced someone with your total lack of common morals was born within our borders.
And tell me how that works to benefit the WORKING CLASS?
here's an idea. The median income of a person in texas is 55,000. Why not work with that with no OT. see how that is.
I came here to point out this is horrible for the working class, but looks like lots of folks have already commented!
I count maybe 2 supporters in your mentions. May you enjoy unemployment when we finally vote you out.
Employers have been abusing the salary pay rules for decades. You are completely out of touch with the working man.
go to hell, you lemon-eating face looking motherfucker
this is a way of stealing labor from the workers for no pay. Getting free labor does not create jobs
Deplorable.
Shocking! GOP senator excited to screw over the working class and help his rich buddies.
BUT JOE & MIKA JUST SAID PPL FAVOR TRUMP/GOP BC HE WILL CREATE JOBS! HE's KILLING THEM RIGHT OFF THE TOP! TYPICAL GOP
I kind of respected you when u had a backbone against Trump now I see y majority of Congress can't stand U.  Clueless
What are you proposing for Texas. Dallas is leading the nation in child poverty/hunger. @SouthOakCliffHS was problems
working class voters:
The Senator is tone deaf, celebrating corporatist oppression of the working class. Rich get richer, avg Joe gets nada
easy for you to say when you have no problem feeding your kid. You are truly a scary evil man.
You hate people don't you? Evil Lying Ted #Devil
