In 2013, Farinas exposed Castro regime repression & propaganda; now he's on 24th hunger strike after torture https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=549MuSwzSsE …
Yet, we turn our backs on Millions fighting for #Freedom right here in America!  #VaxXed #HearUs #CDCwhistleblower
How about putting on your big girl panties, stop being butt hurt, keep your pledge and help us defeat Hillary? Too much to ask?
your political career is over Lyin TED
another gay stalker?
his awful career is ending the Senate hates him and now most Americans hate him. He's insignificant.
so says the person nobody knows...
I'm not running for office. Cruz is done.
Lets focus on America ted Hillary is going to be your Boss real soon if you dont start helping
We cannot turn our back on America.  But you did.  Trump's heart is for America.  Looks like your heart is still with Cuba.
We need to worry about USA. Take care of our country first before we try and help other dysfunctionally unorganized countries.
IF we cut out all the unConstitutional programs from the federal govt, we could do bith.
Please elaborate
Education, Welfare, tax code requiring huge IRS, any prog belonging to States. Feds could put funds to better uses.
Yes, I agree. The greed factor seems to drive them away from reality and what our society needs for betterment.
looser, dead in politics
you need to step it up and back the trump ticket. If we loose how are you going to face your family and the rest of the Cubans.
you need to migrate to cuba - that is your 1 consistent fight - your bruised ego will result in you being unseated -
hey Teddy, it's over. Go away and stay away.
but we will turn our backs on refugees

"We the People" are the United States and are not fooled by your end run Globalist agenda. U.S.A. is NOT for sale. #TPPisTreason
https://m.facebook.com/Principled-Conservative-1099267013452434/ …
I bet the trains run on time in Cuba.
you are right but Obama/Hilary do.But the @GOP talk but do nothing, we need change make America great Again vote@realDonaldTrump
and illegal settlements
1970 document reveals Israel gov’t 50-year ruse to intentionally break int’l law, build settlements on occupied land http://bit.ly/2aMEREH 
this is what you support
For these Israelis torching a Palestinian family isn’t cause for sorrow but for celebration: 3 fingers for 3 murders 
A METAPHORE OF YOUR CAREER... WE SHALL NEVER FORGET YOU, TODD...
Take you and your family and move to Cuba and you fight for them Ted, O do not forget your dad.
even more reason  to do what you said you would do at the first debate...back the candidate of your party!
Biden has the gall to say trump was bad for being buddy with Putin.  How about Obama w Castro?   Hypocracy
lying Ted you are a has been!
you turned your back on the Republicans, you turned your back on America
I hope you ignore all the intellectual midgets commenting on your tweet. These tools are the problem with America...
You and your dad should go back there and try to start a theocracy.
lol just like in 1898 am I right ?
@REALDONALDTRUMP bARRAK USED EXECUTIVE ORDER W/CUBA .BYPASSED CONGRESS. .THE ONLY PERSON THAT CAN HELP NOW IS TRUMP. maybe b o ?
@REALDONALDTRUMP .WHEN SOMETHING GOES WRONG ITS UNITED STATES/AMERICANS. BARRACK MADE NICE W/CUBA .LET HIM FIX WHAT HE STARTED..
barrak RELEASED PRISONERS FROM GUANTANAMO. THEY WENT BACK 2 IRAQ AND DID NOTHING 4 GUILLERMO FARINAS.
get over your self and support Trump we must beat Hilliary. You know if she wins it will be really bad. Wake up bury the hatchet
If you hadn't pissed down your own leg at the convention maybe you could have been US AG and done something about Farinas. :(
You need to start concentrating on problems in USA and endorse Trump and campaign to beat Hillary. If, you will not get elected!
speaking of turning your back!! Your a great example to be talking about that.   Keep your word!!
...it's not too late for you to forgive from your   "Well, he said such & such about my family!!!"  "Forgive your ENEMIES..."
You have made yourself irrelevant, please just go away
Hey Lyin' Ted how's that reelection bid coming along?Are your cronies @glennbeck @marklevinshow using their sad ratings to help?
@SenTedCruz
Ted Cruz is a snake in the grass.  I regret voting for him.
Blocked until you support a candidate for president .
Ted Ted Ted... You had 1 job in this party and you blew it. Do us a favor and leave
How does it feel to have your major financial backers stop supporting you?  You Lying, back stabber.
Please just go away.
you seem to know what turning your back means go home go trump
You and your tax fattened cronies turned your back on us a long time ago.
speaking of "turning backs on", that would be what you did with Trump
good for the senator. He doesn't support liberals tool...
why don't you and Obama go watch a baseball game .
WHY do you even tweet. It's over Ted. Go have some coffee or hemlock....
You mean he wasnt part of the Obama/Cuba deal??
be quit go home we got this.
who are you?
Rat
n0 insult  but we all knew "ab0ut castr0  since the 50,s tipical g0v they  never g0t it rite   "bay 0f pigs"
I'm sure Hillary will do all she can for him if she is elected, right Ted?
Nice try Ted, the patriot. Your a bankers puppet just like Hillary. So go hide somewhere, no one can trust your word now!
hey tool, enjoy Sec Mnunchin, your Goldman Sachs Treasury Secretary under Trump. @SenTedCruz
To date Goldman Sachs hasn't cut a check to Trump. But they have to Cruz and Hillary...
Trump has cut plenty of checks to them.
that's just business..
'Going to Cuba? Watch out for cop killers'
come on Ted , we have a general election going on. Help us stop trump #CountryOverParty
go vote Trump to change all that. Vote your true conscious, Hillary will ruin our nation.
