This year the Obama admin has twice purged mentions of ‘ISIS’ & ‘Islamist terrorism’ from significant public records http://1.usa.gov/295enAX 
get'em brother.
@TrustyGordon little late doing something Teddy..of course Trump was way ahead of you here..no go back to your cave please
@LiveFreedomOrDi Keep telling it like it is Senator!!!
imagine if they didn't call Zika by name
@Patriot_in_CA Then do your job and vet those people before allowing them into the US. That is what you get paid for.
The libtards and the insane are attacking you! That means you are doing the right things Sir! Stay strong!
@buddnkoko72 True. What are you doing about it??
Obama diedn't want to fight our enemy. Guess why.
why the hell don't you tell us mind reader
Because I think you already know, kid.
just like I thought. You just pick sheeit out of your azz to say. Smh carry-on.
You are now blocked.
Hello?
Obama's Islamic Terrorist threat to American's,
"The future does not belong to those who slander Islam"

Ignored...
@JessieJaneDuff With people like Obama (and Hillary) in charge, who needs enemies?
Almost.......Just like his DOJ wanting to strike references to ISIS in the 911 call during the Orlando terrorist attack.
same ole talking points that lost u an election. #Loser
The Locals & our Allies are doing very well against ISIS in the Middle East - - thank you very much!  Stop War mongering Felito!
The days of using our young men & women as cannon fodder; and, Bankrupting the Nation to enrich your Puppet Masters in MIC over!
and further shame the U.S. Citizens for radical Islamic Agenda. @POTUS has no conscience.
@Freedom4Dummies I acknowledge & will confront you soon
why do you lie? yea, we aren't fighting. who cares about names or words. grow the eff up fraud.
the administration's top enemy does seem to be the GOP.
@SenTedCruz
Trump will be your stepping stone. Take the humility route. Learn from Trump. His folks will support you! I would!
which is why people are starting to question his allegiance to this country.
why do Christians and Jews stand by while Obama always refers to ISIS as ISIL? (L stands for the Levant which includes Israel)
that is total talking point hogwash, if you haven't noticed we are fighting the enemy to the tune of $600B+ DoD budget
How about the rightwing Christian terrorist?
@CarolynDNaas "Fight a enemy" is incorrect grammar. Glad you won't be leading the free world.
their territory is down 40% in Middle East, and USAF has put in requests for more bombs
Time to put aside hurt feelings and endorse #trump for the good of our country. Enough is enough!
@SenTedCru why don't the big liberal actor Donald Trump apologise to Ted Cruz and his supporters first then whe talk about endorsing
Come on! Trump is attacking Liberals hardcore! You can't believe that. He is stomping on all their sacred beliefs!
$12 million/day for last 3 years, 12685 air strikes. I call that acknowledgement. http://www.defense.gov/News/Special-Reports/0814_Inherent-Resolve …
Remember when one President said Bin Laden didn't matter anymore? But the next one decided that he was? Actions > Words.
NOT AN AMERICAN PRESIDENT!!! BUT AN ISLAMIC NAZI PUPPET TYRANT!!!!
I think it's "an enemy" vs. "a enemy". Just sayin'.
what do you want to do???start another war?your party are just like terrorist shutting down the gov because a black man is pres
Sir, I am of the opinion that you will make an outstanding Commander in Chief. Airborne!
WHO THE FUCK CARES IT IS A ENEMY JUST LIKE THE GOP #GOPHATESUS
so, because I don't acknowledge you, I can't fight you...ohhh OKAAAY! #Islamophobia is a terrible thing to waste says the .@GOP
#LyinTed you still around?
Tell that to @SpeakerRyan and @Reince.  They refuse to acknowledge the enemy.
since @realDonaldTrump acknowledges the enemy, will you be endorsing him? Be a Statesman, put differences aside and beat Hillary
Neither can you fight against them and, more important, the ideas they propagate unless you identify nature of their ideology.
he is weak and feckless as the leader on the greatest nation
Just another way to try to lump all Muslims together. Trying to sneak racism, bigotry & sexisum into acceptance.
prefers to fight to keep a thief of a pocket calculator in jail for over a decade, despite err - that's the fight worth fighting
you can not do the job you were elected to do when you run for another job and FAIL. #wastedsenateseat
it takes common sense to see this & #Obama is not of that mentality. More so he coddles the enemy by apologizing
hell just kill any ass that is trying to kill you. Damn domestic or foreign. Bottom line they are killer's
agreed. They want to ignore problem and gloss it over. They don't want to insult our enemies like they do our allies.
so true! Sir, Mr. Trump has the heart of an american that truly cares! I'm in!
Heard your commentary & requested transcript from your office - those stats need to b known! THANK YOU
CON-gress, ALLOWS THIS, by never, EVER making him accountable, never prosecuting him, never impeaching.
when did you do all those things to Bush?  Thousands murdered in the USA not a foreign land where we shouldn't be.
Bush didn't kill anyone, and import millions of illegals and muslims.
man please you just showed you ignorance. Spare me the bias bull
You mean YOUR ignorance? Great job! :)
that all you got. Proof positive response to ignorance. By crenshaw.
I AGREE WITH YOU 100 PERCENT
so you're saying a $600B+ DoD budget is not being used for fighting the enemy?  I want my money back
