Today's #SCOTUS decision will not silence our fight to protect the most helpless & innocent among us http://1.usa.gov/28Z3HAW 
When you start worrying about the children after birth then we will believe you.
6) won't end up in a pregnancy if they don't have a responsible father for the baby and financially able to care for it.
You really do #StandWithPP  it's great to see a conservative who understands the importance of birth control.
PP is not synonymous with birth control. I went to PP to get on bc and they were charging me as much as an ob-gyn.
So it's thanks to Obama for making sure birth control is part of the Affordable Care Act?
thanks for the reminder why I’m an independent and republicans keep losing. Alw gay marriage and abortion private. End God crap
How is it private when they're trying to change laws for gay marriage and have tax payers pay for abortions?
it isn’t. Why do you ask?
Gays and pro-choice aren't trying to keep it private.
they shouldn’t because they’re right. Only point republicans have is on being forced to pay for abortions
Yes, testing your wife with love and respect usually does that. Lol! Idiot
If "every life is a gift from God" why are we executing people in TX? 
#Hypocrisy
Are you kidding? An innocent life and a criminal that has murdered a life or many lives do not compare.
He said "every life" ....
Time for #CruzExit? #SCOTUS confirms @SenTedCruz is no #Constitutional scholar?!
#Conservative resigns after losing:
http://gu.com/p/4mjmk/stw 
#RepublicanCoward @SenTedCruz: "Every life is a gift from God, & without #life there is no #liberty"
How about standing up for #LGBT rights?
Arm the fetus!! No background check needed!
It's a woman's choice. Get over it.
@caligirl1909 thank God u are there fighting for us no one else will
And to accomplish that goal, you'll have to go against God's Will (Taking away Free Will from others).
Every life except those killed by assault rifles in the U.S. Those are just happenstance. Oopsy! Freedom!
thank you for all you do.  The last couple of tweets was toward Trump. Not you. Just so you know.
thank you Cruz
Guessing this @DarrylGlenn2016 guy will echo these sentiments of @SenTedCruz who endorsed him. Ewww . . . so "1776".  #cosen
@ALC_shari So, ted, this IS about religion, and not about "women's health." Got ya. And you'll lose forever. :)
Except after they're born, right @SenTedCruz ? Then they're on their own! #SCOTUS
#SCOTUS / #SupremeCourt is an embarrassment to civilization.
Are you going to take care of those unwanted children? Raising a child in poverty is no better life.
How come you care so much about children b4 they're born & so little about them while they're growing up?
@GeneMcVay what it's  back Lilly monster grandpa is back put a stake in its heart
secession seems like a better idea every day. One question: I served at Ft Hood for 15 months. Does that make me a Texan?
.@SenTedCruz Amen!
Hear Hear. Thank you Senator!
@RobForshey reign in your nut case followers if you don't then it's a vote for Clinton and you show your "conservative" colors
I voted for Ted Cruz in the primaries but now I'm all about uniting around Donald Trump and saving America.
it's about the lesser of the evils I'll take Trump over Clinton any damned day
Trump may not be perfect but he's not evil and loves America and wants to make America great again.
Amen Senator.
that's a weird thing for the zodiac killer to say man
Apparently TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz has forgotten our Veterans have lives that need defending too.  Guess if they were illegals or unborn.
abortion is not birth control. Abstention  &Condoms are. Fight for life and keep the govt. out of r bedrooms
: If you are living & would not have wanted to be aborted yourself, is avoiding the "*inconvenience* of a baby worth killing it?
I hope you lose your seat soon.  Your holier-than-thou crap is getting old.
actually the Supreme Court just told you to shut up and mind your own business.
but once they're born- no food and no healthcare. Right Ted?
AND 30 SECONDS AFTER ITS BORN YOU DONT CARE ANY MORE #GOPSUCKS #GOPHYPOCRICY
Therein lies the issue: Texas SAID the law was to protect the woman, yet comments like this indicate otherwise.
Thank you for standing up for Texas women
@legalblurbblog #thankyouJesusproject
thanks, Ted!
there is no God
@dj1darrell thank you Sir
seems like all miss the point of the legislation. It is for proper facilities not restricting women's rights.
our vaginas, our decision.
-The best defense is for you to start behaving as an adult, an support our candidate
shut up hypocrite.
Please vote NO on GMO bill.  We deserve to know what’s in our food and where it’s from
except for life taken away because of #2A. That's alright because it's a 'right'.
You know the only way this will happen is if YOU become the POTUS. w/out you we are basically doomed, I just say'in.
you silly Canadian
@LuvRedWhiteBlue Keep your religion out of our politics!!!!
@LuvRedWhiteBlue So that's why he shutdown government every chance he gets?
but you don't defend those that are living? Very hypocritical.  You also do not respond to your constituents who have questions.
@joyreaper I finally agree with Ted Cruz on 1 subject, just one subject.
we miss you, Ted!
>>Well Sperm is life too..how many did yu kill jerkin' off ..?
Not supporting Trump and letting Killary win in Nov ain't going help US Senator. Get with the program!!
hmm sounds like big govt to me. 
holy shit, you're still alive? Where'd you go? A spirit walk?
If every life is a gift from God, what about making the USA free of any kind of guns, which steal innocent lives every day?
I think women would want a safe place! Dr w/o admit priv not good if things go bad
That is a noble cause I applaud your resilience. But in the process keep abortion legal please!
But, you HAVEN'T even tried to end the horrific practice of abortion. Why do taxpayers pay for free birth control, AND abortion?
if you really believed in the sanctity of life you would protect just as vigerously outside the womb as you do inside
What if Gosnell seeks to vacate his sentence based on SCOTUS view the state has no right to set environment for an abortion?
Laws dat contradict the principles of God are satanic and thee makers shall forever burn in Hell says God_Almighty
meanwhile working to get HRC elected so she can pack court with liberals making state laws obsolete.
Which God?
good point
Problem is, once they're born, you're on your own, especially if you're poor. No entitlements, right? #hypocrite #worsethanTrump
so you definitely support some form of #BasicIncome, then?
There are 20 children who lost their lives & liberties due to the Sandy Hook Massacre-you dont fight for the helpless & innocent
There is no god, therefore it's not a gift. There is no liberty, it's a myth.
help free Biafra from Nigeria's Brutality it can become one of US strongest ally
Its be nice if you fought jus as hard for the living! Oh ! I forgot ! Political points are less for living!! #fake Christian
impeach god.
I hope you will be next president After She or he lol
Never mind that Texan officials routinely hid relevant evidence from the press and SCOTUS in order to sway the decision.
It was a massive loss that you can't spin. TRAP laws are done.
and you will continue to disregard the already born that live in poverty because rich people& big corporations need welfare.
Now need to get behind Trump; had Scalia been on the bench things would have gone the other way; we need conservative nominees
Had Scalia been on the bench it would have been 5-4, same result.
Correct but the point is that we need 3-4 conservative nominees and not liberals to shift to the other direction but point taken.
Trump is going to lose. The court is going to be reshaped. I want religion out of lawmaking. I'm celebrating a massive win.
Trump is going to win and we will have a conservative SCOTUS -- the liberals are destroying this country
You're going to be so sad in November.
The only way Dems will win is if the Public believes their LIES.Its hard to listen to them & see uneducated people believe them.
Trump is losing women historically. He has to do better than Romney with Latinos. Neither are happening. Numbers don't lie.
what about liberty for women from men who decide for them how and if bring a child to the world?
if freaky science wins out pretty soon men will have the ability to bear kids .. playing field will be even.
POTUS 2020.
Women are finding liberty today because SCOTUS ruled against burdensome government overreach! Freedom!
@robdelaney
"Now I don't know what this is, but I know I don't like it." 
Christian Sharia Law!!!
your ass should be out there helping trump win this cruz
thank you!!!
