It is ridiculous that in response to an ISIS terror attack, Dems seek to restrict the #2A of law-abiding citizens 
how fucking stupid are you ? Do think it's a wise decision to allow terrorists such easy access to that kind of weaponry.Resign
.@Marc_Dylan How would you stop a terrorist from getting a weapon? Murder is against the law. Stupid,, look in the mirror. @SenTedCruz
murder is against the law , so why make it easier for murderers to have access to assault weapons ?
.@Marc_Dylan Because laws only impact law abiding, not criminals or terrorists, South Chicago strict gun laws, murder rate? @SenTedCruz
delete your account. Both of you.
.@Marc_Dylan Can't handle the truth? @SenTedCruz
are you familiar w/ how America's gun crime rates compare to other major countries around the world such as Australia ?
.@Marc_Dylan Will banning large spoons cure obesity? @SenTedCruz
.@SenTedCruz Wow. You can't make that connection? How DID you get into Princeton?
he blew the Dean
Can't imagine he would even be good at THAT.
when it comes to @NRA money, Ted is a blowjob queen
Not as bug as McCain, surprisingly.
Loved the speech on the floor.  Just any old excuse is all they need to go after our last line of defense against the BIG GOV!
Was Newtown a Islamic terrorist issue?
Or Charleston?
All of the recent mass killings have one thing in common. 
That is guns
IT IS A GUN CONTROL ISSUE. You're responsible for the deaths of innocent Americans by refusing to realize this.
No sir, it’s that terrorists can easily get guns. Main issue though is your lack of balls needed in standing up to the #NRA.
- No. It's fools like you who are traitors to the #Constitution. A time may come back when traitors are executed
maybe not but The LORD GOD Almighty will deal justice 2them
you mean like he stopped all these killings?
@MissSelfDefense Agreed ! But, wait... why are terrorists allowed to buy AR-5 then? #justsasking ... #Dumbass
.@mikakiwanini @SenTedCruz @MissSelfDefense You may have missed Due Process in Civics 101 Not a felon until convicted
.@DRoberts556 @mikakiwanini @SenTedCruz @MissSelfDefense I find it frightening Especially since too many are members of congress eg Manchin
Your right! Its from hate and bigotry towards others ... issues which you the @GOP and @TPPatriots  perpetuate and encourage!
@fredpricejr Thanks Senator Cruz for defending our Natural Rights in honor of the True God who endowed us with them!
This IS a gun issue bc  someone on the terror watch list legally bought a gun thanks to you. Blood on your hands. #DisarmHate
A terrorist who waltzed into a gun store and bought an AR-15 while under FBI suspicion, makes it an easy access gun issue.
your helping make it a gun control issue by helping to put Hillary in WH & 500% refugee increase, UR killing down ballot
What happens when They Put NRA, Tea Party, GOP, on Watch lists w/o due process? They called us terrorists once not long ago.
$36k from @NRA. For the price of a decent car, you can have a US senator say whatever you want. Enjoy not being president.
But the shooter was domestic. The issue was that he should not have had acces to assault weaponry. His heritage was irrelevant.
it's about terrorist access to guns, Ted. Not that hard. But your fealty to @NRA vs American citizens is duly noted.
- the terrorists get their guns illegally. You'd disarm those who can stop terrorists. Fool. Traitor.
yep but these are like jeh johnson departmentofHomeland Stupidityavery rare butspecial kindofstupid
you're right. Guns have nothing to do with mass shootings. Just like lawnmowers have nothing to do with mowing lawns.
This is a Liberal Democrat vs. The Constitution issue.
.@SenTedCruz #ZodiacTed
@realDonaldTrump @newtgingrich  TED IT'S TIME FOR BY GONES GO AND THE GOP LIFTUP TRUMP.OTHER WISE WE'LL  SAY MADAM PRESIDENT
if you allow terrorists to buy guns in this country, then it IS a gun control issue.  And you voted against laws to prevent it
Wrong again! Well, at least you're consistent.
next it'll be "school shootings are not a gun issue but a school issue "
We've had 133 mass shootings in 2016. Only 3 have had connections to Islamic terrorism. ISIL is just 2% of the problem here.
F-you Ted Cruz. No one other than the military needs to have an assault weapon. Plain and simple. Is that too difficult to see?
Hard to believe anyone with an iota of common sense could truly believe this. Instead I believe you to be a liar beholden to NRA
Hey Senator, They're not mutually exclusive; it can be both. Do your job. Help protect American citizens.  #CommonSenseGunLaws
You are half right.  It isn't JUST a gun control issue, but good try sport.  Americans don't need assault rifles, plain as day.
no its the assault weapons being bought on any street corner. Get on message ted
, without judgement of character or intent, a "Good Guy with a Gun" is just, "A Guy with a Gun"
, @GovRauner owes you a debt of gratitude. All #Illinoisians who despise #GovRuiner ct. our blessings that you don't represent IL
POTUS has demonstrated his unwillingness to recognize the enemy.  Fight & disarm the enemy, not law abiding citizens. ISIS=Enemy
It IS a gun control issue.  Simple: if you don't have a gun, you can't shoot me. Mateen was AMERICAN, not a foreign terrorist.
The only time we refuse to make changes to address tools used by terrorists: when it's guns. Time to end the cycle of stupidity
What's ACTUALLY offensive is the way you continue to put gun lobby money ahead of American lives. Disgusting and shameful
After 9/11, I don't recall people saying bans on box cutters in airplanes was an infringement on knife rights.
no, it's a gun control issue.
I am Texan; you are very out of touch with reality. It's probably time to retire, because your embarrassing this state, big time
Can count on you voting YES on Monday- Background checks and closing terror gaps right? Thanks. From, Everyone in United States.
@SenTedCruz
@cuqui0712 we the people won't stand for it. You have SS, security cameras, body guards, all we have for protection is our guns!
delete your account
True, and that gun control legislation they were fighting for could have prevented that terrorist attack. #GreenEggsAndHam
but who is responsible for terrorism. Terrorism spread all over the world specially in muslm societies due to some crul policies
thank you from PA, senator for defending our 2A right. The rest of the republicans are ready to roll over....again.
No, actually it isn't. That's EXACTLY what I expect from them.@SenTedCruz @chuck0421
good 4u Ted 
FinallySomething We Agree on Should I StopBashing U? maybe Maybe getA law passed NoHidingTerrorism behind religion
@jmdonsi Its never going to b a gun issue. It's a HUSSEIN issue.
WOW! and you help make our laws!? Damn dude get with the program.You want us to kill each other. How much to u get from the NRA?
I am sure you know this is the "either/or" logical fallacy- it's a combination of both issues. Why make them #MutuallyExclusive?
Sure terrorists with baseball bats. Watch out every.
except its a terrorism issue exploiting our gun control problem
it's a gun issue.
It's an issue of both.  Anyone who says any different is a filthy liar and can not be trusted.
It's a law enforcement issue that carpetbombing Syria won't solve. Dude was born in USA, unlike your lying ass.
.@SenTedCruz You are an inhuman monster enabling slaughter after slaughter.
Pretty sure that's the pep talk he gives to himself in the mirror each morning.
***Radical Islamic Terrorists attack us and then @POTUS , democrat legislators, Hil-Liar-y and the MSM attack us! WTF....***
you want to fight an idea vs controlling something in our hands.  That is not right nor what the people, your true bosses, want.
except in those cases when it's not terror.  O right, then it's a mental health issue, not a gun issue. You're not fixing either
Banning guns will just cause a black market for them. If you want guns you can get them.
@ChuckNellis Exactly! It's about our culture and our freedoms. Which is why leftists are _desperate_ to change the subject!!
Then how did a terrorist (who had been under FBI watch) legally buy a gun?
#icantbelieveyouremysenator
tell that to the families that lost loved ones,  because of no assault weapon ban
Hi, why am I, a teenage girl, more educated than you? Of course gun control is the issue. These fun laws are making it easy for
terrorists to buy such weapons. As you probably know, Orlando's shooter at pulse LEGALLY bought the guns he used for the attack
Clearly, gun control needs tweaking. Think about it, if gun control laws were changed, the shooter would not have had those guns
Please educate yourself and DO something with the power you have
terrorist, if US born, should be able to buy assault rifles. Don't change laws, ideology killed ppl 30 rounds a sec in Orlando
Thumbs up for sharing that tweet. It's now live on my @RebelMouse!  http://rbl.ms/1Ot4hZt 
you guys are playing Russian roulette with people's lives. You can fight terror and keep citizens safe from unstable citizens.
Says another Senator owned by the NRA.
It's both, Senator, when you allow terrorists to buy guns.
With respect, will the NRA let you call **anything** a gun control issue? Because terrorists are using GUNS to kill us.
it's ridiculous that assclowns like you allow terrorists to legally buy guns!
u do NOT represent http://me.How  can u say this to parents who lost children in Newtown?at Pulse? #guncontrolnow
IT IS ALSO A GUN CONTROL ISSUE. #sensiblegunlawsnow Don't continue to be bought out. #historyhasitseyesonyou
wrong- nut bag it is a weapons issue and you're on the wrong side of it- have you ever seen what a bullet does to the human body
Ted ...you are full of Canadian crap.
Americans find you ridiculous mr. Cruz
A distinction without a difference, chief. Repeal the 2nd Amendment!!!!!
no it's a US epidemic.  Treat it as such and #protectyourpeople.  Take action and improve background checks. #stopeasyaccess
I used to support you, no longer
2nd amendment RT to bear arms-English made citizen guns death penalty-we limit rights for public safety-
RIGHT WING OF REPUBL PARTY COULD NOT GET party nomination. Trump needed party couldn't run Demo. Vote Hillary
This so called list? Anyone can be put on it. Anyone. This is ONE of the reasons I wanted Cruz as VP. He's smart.
IT IS GUN CONTROL ISSUE- control what U can not what U cannot. stop pandering. even NRA believe Terrorists No guns
I'm a DT supporter. But CRUZ is far from DUMB. If this passed? Remember how the IRS targeted Rep? They'll do the same with guns
if people don't wake up we will get hit again like 9/11
doesn’t always support ISIS, but when he does it’s to ensure terrorist have easy access to guns. #Enough
- terrorists+guns=issue. The 49  cit'z who died in #Orlando represented fewer than 1/2 gun deaths last week. 
Obama knows that they're just changing for their own agenda people will fight for the right
Thanks to you, terrorists have easy access to guns. Talk about soft on terrorism and weak protection of Americans! Shame on you.
way to water down a multilayered tragedy. Terrorism was a part but not the whole thing
you voted to supply him the guns. You're an accomplice.
You all's refusal to act on meaningful gun control measures is ridiculous. #LyingTed
Just heard part of this 'speech' How dare you. You should be ashamed of yourself.
So you want someone on a no fly list to be able to purchase a gun?
Green Eggs and Ham
you serve no one but yourself. RESIGN. You lost to TRUMP, that says a lot.
you can't be serious!
@dexybailman we know that but the nazis on the left won't tell their useful idiots that!
@CNN Correct it is about a completely failed US system incapable of protecting it's citizens.
Your run is over & don't worry about running in the future you'll never be President!
#NoFlyNoBuy  #Enough #Enough #commonsenseguncontrol
YOU are the problem. You & the #NRA are holding the #American people hostage with your lies and hate towards #LGBT
Go Ted! The Bible says thou shall not kill. The Quran is a kill list.
what about Wack-jobs like sandy hook?
You must of been listening to Trump, you know who he is, Right?  Our next president! So obvious why you were called lying Ted.
absolutely! Why do we have to lose our 2nd amendment right because of Muslim terrorists?!?! Makes no sense at all!
Like when you happily accepted the endorsement of the preaher who wants gay people murdered? Like that, you mean.
and a gun control issue + mental health issue that requires a comprehensive solution Not an oversimplification for a sound bite.
it's actually a US citizen with a mental problem having easy access to a gun built for killing people.
What's ridiculous is Republicans thinking it's Ok for people on Terrorist watch lists to get guns, even Trump thinks you're nuts
it is both and more, every issue can't  be whittled down to fit your agenda Ted.
but wait where are the facts that say this was an Isis attack?
I hope you all lose your seat for not backing @realDonaldTrump no more life long politicians 
#neverHillary
so what will change when #neverHillary gets in office because you guys will not back @realDonaldTrump we are done politicians
@gop are the terrorists. Lazy republicans who deliver lives to @NRA for #BloodMoney are not serving or protecting the People.
so an Islamic extremist killed 49 people but Republicans and the NRA are to blame. Nice cover up
why don't you waste even more time reading Green Eggs and Ham on the senate floor?  It makes more sense than you.
It's actually both. Pretending otherwise is just that. You can't lead if you can't name the enemy.
with 8 million plus assault rifles on the streets? Man you've been bought off 
The Democrats always want to disregard the Constitution.  This is just the excuse du jour.
remember when you thought you could be president? That was funny
It's BOTH. Only a paid NRA suck-up would say otherwise. CRETIN
It's clear to many of us that the Gov't intends to use these acts of terror as an excuse to disarm the US citizenry. STAND FAST!
#worsethantrump Wake up and take your hand out of the NRA's pocket #despicable
NO LAW ABIDING CITIZEN NEEDS A MILITARY TYPE WEAPEN.bANNING THEM WOULD MAKE IT HARDER FOR A TERRORIST
It's awesome that you're brave enough to call it what it really is! For those of us fighting terrorism, we're tired of PC!
: Cruz for president
Correct. Let's STOP the TERRORISTS who we don't trust to SIT NEXT TO US ON A PLANE from GETTING GUNS. #GoSeeTheWizard
Then why did you vote to protect the rights of terror suspects to buy guns on Dec. 3, 2015? #BloodOnYourHands
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/16/opinion/the-nras-complicity-in-terrorism.html?emc=edit_ty_20160616&nl=opinion …
I respect you, however, FBI investigated the shooter for 10 months or so.They deemed no threat. Still terrorism? Or gun control?
BS...there is a gun control issue as part of this. This is WHY the GOP is no longer respected.
you tell those rat bas--rds what the time is, Ted!!
Strangely, @AnnCoulter ignores the terrorism and opposes only immigration.
.@SenTedCruz There is a gun related death every 17 minutes in the US. This not just a terrorism problem, Senator Strawman. #enough
9/11 no guns Boston no guns most attacks across the globe terrorist do not use guns They use bombs this is an ideology problem
Yes :) ☆☆ Go get em Senator Ted Cruz #AlwaysConstitution
try to promote education against terror, exchange guns for books
it's ridicules how politicians use others crises to personal gain.
Ok, it's a terrorism issue.  How would you have stopped this guy?
Paris strict gun laws didn't stop over 100 victims from terrorism England's no gun policy has not stopped terrorism
actually the majority of people are sick of you all being bought and paid for by the NRA. Suspected terrorists do not get guns
@SenTedCruz
no it's a gun control issue. https://t.co/QZsDyoKUjT 
"Gun control" does nothing to solve the problem of terrorism. #Daesh & #AlQaeda use whatever they can to conduct attacks.
shouldn't we control terrorists getting guns? no wonder you lost to trump. you're unable to come up with an original thought
It can be both.

here's a video of a 13yr old getting denied lottery tickets, cigarettes, & alcohol but able to buy a gun. legally. 
There's almost pathological tendency of Democrats to deny ideological component of some Islamists that leans toward terrorism.
Go at them, Senator! There are millions of us that have your back.
Defend our rights!
#2A
Psych cases and suspected terrorists should not have guns. Period. Fund mental health, fund counterterror at home.
so vote yes for NO FLY NO BUY. It's not hard, but I understand you're worried about your votes and not citizens lives.
Yep! Gonna have to go with Mr. Franklin on this one too. .
Really??? Where was that good guy with a gun Sunday morning? Was it his coffee break?
what is ridiculous is allowing people on terror watch lists to buy guns
when terrorist strike why do the libs always attack the soft target of the law abiding citizens in response????
one step further, it's an #RadicalIslamicTerrorism issue. language has to be clear or the Left will label patriots terrorists
49 dead Americans are being pimped by the Democrat Party.
As opposed to being slaughtered with complicit agreement from the NRA-bribed right-whinge politicians
sheep exist in every society.
and those would be the blind conservatives swallowing the talking points from their manipulative politicians.
radical islam is a death cult. I choose to protect myself. It's that simple.
So their terrorism has worked on you then. Kudos to you for admitting it.
god bless sheeple
There is no god, and strangely enough you appear to be one of those very sheeple you refer to. You are being herded.
Yet another RWNJ politician willing to put his NRA bribes ahead of American people's lives.
Its both dude!! #NRAmouthpiece
it's an ideology issue. Guns are a tool and if that tool were not here they would find another way
RK , I believe that both you and I want what's best for safety of . That said , both u and I can own R-15. Let's
This is fucking BOTH.
Thank you
