
No greater gift can a man give than to lay down his life for a friend. With respect .
: Would you like to be the U.S. president? I'd vote for you!
Good thing is that the majority of Americans would not vote for him.
Thank you for standing firm n fight for freedom
I remember it so well. I think of your heroic brother often. God Bless Israel.
@Shalomttheo from that location, a sniper took out josep,
Amidst observances, our sincere thoughts prayers were with you & your family. May the memory of #Yonatan always be a blessing. 
thank u for the commemorate and being a blessing with all your visitors... Like the #crouch family# etc
Praying for Israel and the USA that God will heal our nation. Among the ruins of Beit Shaen.
@KagutaMuseveni the stupidest thing Amin did was to kill Dora Block,he would have got whatever he had wanted from Israel,she was
@ArikGerber Most daring successful rescue ever by the brave soldiers of Israel, far away from Motherland.
@netanyahu
@BeladonnaRogers Sad. My thoughts are with you!
thx for making 40th in style.
@KagutaMuseveni such a shame you even think of visiting africa while putting africans In concentration camps around Israel.
we love you and surely we're always with you, together for peace, unity and stand against terrorism.
@KagutaMuseveni Amen
- Entebbe - on 200th anniversary of Jefferson's birth of Independent uSA - July 4, 1976 - speaks to USA&Israel as One in PainJoy
Yoni's memory is a great asset to a nation such as Israel that never says die!
Be encouraged PM
Uganda has a way of embedding itself warmly in your heart, even in loss. Keep it there. @StateHouseUg
Israel to Africa and Africa to Israel was long over due but nevertheless better late than never
@SenTedCruz great work.
this is powerful..for this was HIS power..Yoni was taken to be with HIM so that Israel exalt HIM who was with Yoni
@KagutaMuseveni too old and very innocent anyway, if It was him I would let her go,I know who shot her if you want to persue them
@KagutaMuseveni ure murderer
thnx for visiting my country
@SenTedCruz America use to save its' citizens anywhere in the world too. Now American deaths are seen as "collateral damage".
God turned what was painful into a force for good for Israel; may our lives be used for His purposes, small & great.
is it true there are two more unrecognized heroes? We respect Yoni's bravery but we also need to salute others who died with him
@KagutaMuseveni karibu kenya.
@writingdownpat cooperation with ISIS is worse than enter be terror
You went from never again to perpetrate often
@SenTedCruz E. Amin was just doing radical Palestinian's dirty work.
@kagutamuseveni ,welcome to Kenya honorable Netanyahu!
and y did u come under tight security as if we dnt have security in uganda
@OleItumbi not a day passes without me thinking, how you defy so many UN resolutions, build illegal settlements &get away with it
Next on the list should be The liberation of Biafran Jews from Islamic Nigeria
@shim_rational You've made him proud Bibi, stay in the fight!!!
@BeladonnaRogers The price of Freedom is never free, but heroes pay our way every day. God Bless them.
@firearmslawyer Real Americans Stand with Israel!
May your brother's soul rest in peace. He is the hero of an ancient nation. Israel must always be powerful.
@MaribethSchmidt Your brother was a hero! As an USN veteran, I salute "Yoni" RIP 7/4/76, & Israel's strength against Terrorism.
@MrEdTrain I've read a lot about Entebbe your brother was a great man.You can be proud he was part of your family.
Your blood brother paid the ultimate price there,rescuing his countrymen and women from terrorists. Its nostalgic visiting.
@SenTedCruz We will never forget Yonni.  A mighty man of valor indeed. Our hearts share your sorrow as we celebrate Liberty.
@SenTedCruz Two #slimeballs of a kind.
Be very careful @netanyahu with TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz .  He will sooner stab you in the back just like obozo. Just ask our dying Vets.
@SenTedC  at the time nothing's could have been done...? Do you believe in God A ? If so it was pre-written before it happened
@SenTedCruz what the Bible predictions BUT thay DID KNOW
@SenTedCruz 
@SenTedCruz Some Americans Remember T/terrorist used to just Attack Israel.Now terrorism has exported to every country via hatred
.@Way_of_The_Gun @netanyahu @SenTedCruz Bibi!!! We need a president who's friendly to America. Please come over!!!! PLEASE!!!
Is that an IAF C-130?
It was a brave and stupendous victory.  I remember that night and it was an inspiration to me.  You should always be proud!
I never lost my brother by birth, thank God, but I have lost brothers in this long struggle.  Bless you, Sir.
If the WZO hadn't refused a Jewish State in Uganda, your brother might still be alive and the Holocaust not happen.
@SenTedCruz
@sentedcruz dreams aren't reality, they get used for political rhetoric!
@SenTedCruz Listened to you..a Powerful story....God ,Nation .and Family..God Bless you Sir
@SenTedCruz Most level headed Americans stand with you.God said he that bless Israel I will bless them. May God bless U & Israel
I heard the interview on Fox today. Every time I hear the PM speak, it makes me wish for a real leader like him!
God bless and comfort you with peace.
Your brother sacrificed himself for those hostages. May he rest in peace with the Lord for eternity
@SenTedCruz just like 10/23/1983 will always be with me. Sorry for your loss Sir.
stupid Zionist terrorist thinks he's no a terrorist.
@SenTedCruz > Hey... Wake UP..., The Palestinians are responsible for what Hitler did to the Jews... Germany is. get it together.
Saw your @FoxNews interview today. Prayers for your family in remembrance of your brother.
I'm sure that the people your brother helped to rescue never forgot his courage either. An extraordinary man.

God bless Israel.
Your brother was a hero.
@ArikGerber Michtavei Yonni........  :(
salute
That was sooooooo amazing!!!! You guys did a fantastic job!
my condolences Mr. Netanyahu..
+++ and may the memory of Yoni be a blessing. Baruch Dayan Haemet
shouldn't be easy for you to be there Bibi. God bless all the brave soldiers who made this unique operation come true +++
I know this is a picture of brother-to-brother, daring to daring, caring to caring, both a gift to all of us.
Precious Yoni we always remember.
May he Rest In Peace. Praying for you and your family remembering.
: Sir,I honor Your Brother,You,Your fellow soldiers of the day & I pray God comforts your family today especially. #YoniNetanyahu
- aayyoo beebz - uz noez - peepz bee learn'n zee aktual ztori aboot entebbe- zuun EVry1 gunna noez u BS'r
I am sincerely sorry for your loss of Yoni but I thank G_d that those people were saved from those savages.
@LegInsurrection Terrific military mission.Terribly sorry u lost ur brother Yonatan,must have been great leader.Take care Sir
May your brother's memory be a blessing.
it was a good job!
-that if succeed to arrive to a desk saying Go.. where the hell it would be situated?
-probably configured in sections, all timed in very very very carefully. Even in stops.. Diversioned.
Greed & traitors, to be..
I now have a DVD of Victory in Entebbe, and Remember when if first played.
May your Brothers Memory be a  Blessing. What Courage.
I salute the fallen of Zion.
-If said a Finale Solution, it would probably to back into history. To understand Promulgation ways. 
..and would not be riskfree
Sympathy for the loss of your brave Yoni. His bravery will never be forgotten. #Entebbe
@bravehart60
-eu will NEVER be an Army in juridics...as it would selfdestruct. Trade, is trade. 
War shall not be an alternative for haters..
peace
The Lord  is with you as he was with Moses. and he will direct your path and make all your plans succeed.
Israel pueblo amado y bendecido y protegido  por el Eterno amen
-there's a knowledge of the hidden coalition ex hardtime nazis & arab terrorists. 
In a time eu the tradeorg. tries to warequip..
Accept our condolences from #Biafraland.
We understand.
@iamtenseven Respect to Israel!
we remember Yoni always.
Thank you for standing for freedom and humanity.
Yoni Died Saving His Brothers. His Heroism Lives in all Patriots Hearts. Godspeed Yoni!
-the German officer 'Ernst' of Anti-terrorist-unit was an akward in it.. anomalies. 
Of all pass by incidents, still..lacking.
Condolences for the loss, ....your brother earned wings as an angel and hero from Israel. Not to be forgotten.
May God's peace be with you.
haya ish m Ein Dor im isha  m America. he lo holechet mish bEntebe.
Perhaps we should think on what can be and seek their direction.
I read about Operation Jonathan this morning. Your older brother is a hero. May the Shalom of Yeshua b with u and ur family
Bibi we are with you as you visit the site of Yoni's valor for all of us. We are with you achi.
Yoni would be proud of what has been #EntebbeRaid #Netanyahu
I remember that day well. My condolences to you and your family on your loss. Your brother was a real hero.
I've never lost a brother Bibi. Praying your loss can be turned for good. It has to date in your leadership. #Shalom
gaza  strip and west bank is always with me.not a day goes by that i do not think what might hav have been
coz u r zion war criminal
Don't be such a sore loser..
your parents raised two very brave boys.
operation Eagle claw was a disaster
I certainly hope our next commander-in-chief will be a true Ally to the people of Israel
Your brother was a hero and a Patriot...as are you.
yeah I was only four years after the Munich Olympics and Israel made some adjustments
And of your brother - a real hero! Salute!
your a crook thats for sure
@BrianSandoval wow I forgot that the raid on entebbe was on the 4th of July
your brother was a brave man and your country awed the world at Entebbe
Yoni a Israeli HERO and you sir the BEST PM in Israel's' history. Your parents really did produce men of GREATNESS
Great to have you visit Uganda Sir.
Don't be happy the fuken netanyahu don't need your benifits
yeah I could have went like the Carter Fiasco
Prime Minister Netanyahu, prayers for the brother you lost, prayers for all those saved.  Thank you.
יוני צדיקים ואמיצים שלך נח השלום של אלוהים. אלוהים יברך את ישראל!
I keep a picture of Joni and Muki loading the limo aboard the A/C as a reminder of your brother's skill & courage @julieroginsky
God bless Yoni
All in our hearts. God bless you Mr Prime minister.
NETANYAHU'S = LEGENDS.
God was with you Mr. Prime Minister. He guided you to victory so that you could restore peace to Israel in later years. Bravo.
אשכרה מדי יום? אין יום שבו אתה שוכח, ואז נגיד חושב על אנטבה פעמיים למחרת?
No worries Mr.Ben,. TRUMP is on the way
in memory of Yoni
God Bless Israel
Enough is enough
Well go somewhere else then.
Yoni Netanyahu @netanyahu will always live in our hearts as a hero
yes
happy 4th BB we standwith u godbless israel !
@netanyahu
