Our nation is at war. Radical Islamic terrorism has declared jihad on America. http://1.usa.gov/1WKzZnr 
why? Because your methods of keeping your heads in the sand and ignoring the problem has worked so well? @SenTedCruz
no I mean how this keeps happening because of radical Islamic terrorism but you people refuse to even utter those words.
but I will say this crap will continue as long as we refuse to recognize that these people want us dead.
I'm #Muslim & I don't want you dead. Honestly. Just living my life like everyone else. @andreajmarkley
good for you but there is no denying that an inordinate amount of your co-religionists do want non-muslims dead.
#IslamIsEvil
Hope you never need to visit a Planned Parenthood then...
Your comment is irrelevant and nonsensical.
No, it is relevant because Christians HAVE shot up Planned Parenthood clinics but you seem to think they're all good people.
True Christians don't behave that way. Actions reveal what's in the heart. But consider this: 1 Corinthians 2:14
Just as not all Christians are radicals, the same is true of Muslims. Open your mind. All radicals of ANY religion are bad.
before you draw a moral equivalency why don't you look at the numbers. @wordsbeyondme
Ted, you lost. The public voted against your rhetoric. Do not use this opportunity to grandstand. It's unbecoming.
Ted is still one of MY senators and a very good one.
I too live in Texas and Ted is unrealistic and lacks the ability to work well with others.
This rhetoric is exactly why you will not be #Potus. You sound insane.
Show some leadership, Ted. What should be done about it?
and you and your butt buddies in the Senate are trying to bring 500,000 of them into America..your a fucking joke Ted..silence
Then forget about your NRA ratings-get some integrity-do your job & bring back 2004 lapsed Assault Weapons Ban. @SenTedCruz @GOP #MakeItStop
I believe they declared Jehad years back...We are waking up to it just now.And the libtards are still in deep slumber.
@KayQuirk1 Yet so many simply don't get it... Understanding Evil: http://imjustacop.com/opinion/understanding-evil/ …
then don't let them buy guns in this country! #filibuster
@jamesesavengers Do what you can to continue to stand strong. You're one of the few that do.
@thomasj17431826 Ppl who need to change, or target & destroy others R #SOCIOPATHS. This is psych. dysfunction, not nationality.
Don't give them a free pass!
Then back Trump!  Hillary ain't gonna do it!
@usarubric Ted Cruz understands the enemy and can clearly articulate plans to DEFEAT the enemy. Not just read a teleprompter!
@ronslucas US Govt KNEW This Terrorist and his family.  Father in Afghan Politics, Taliban leanings. 

https://twitter.com/Sweetatertot/status/742376561530306561/photo/1pic.twitter.com/eBkgenbV3S 
@W_M_Right @SenTedCruz if Congress had a backbone they would ALL call 
He is UNFIT...has not proteced/defended Constitution
And what is the purpose of christians? SAME FUCKING THING.
(except they just call it sending you to hell)
wont happen but democrats sure have helped them
Old, Old News!  Get some new material. Fear only works if people don't tire of the rhetoric.
@SenTedCruz
I don't want rhetoric, I want answers. Please tell us what you are going to do, instead of what America should do.
We have been at war. And we will not disarm.
betcha alot of people are seeing YOU should have been the nominee for POTUS. Hind sight is 20/20.
You can't run from this.
Why are you not praying for the victims and their families in stead, being the Christian u r!!!
Ted, central Florida does not want to hear ur political rants. 50 of our citizens are dead, 50, and all u do is point fingers.
@RickyBabaloo Hey Someone woke up in DC
I was going to recommend self immolation, but....
@secretkiska thank you sir for the clarity of vision and message.  this is more of what America needs!
apparently you're not the guy.  God lied to you.
- why doesn't the congress impeach Obama for not securing our border and for not vetting "refugees"???
Wow: Redical Islamic Terrorists has been attacking to the greatest country; we need 2 destroy Islamic terrorists from the roots.
- R you backing up that dangerous Hitler, Trump also? Ot are your GOP cronies like Marco the only ones backing Dangerous Snake.
- YOU are a hypocrite and murderer. You have the Blood of all these massacres in your hand when you sold out lives to the NRA!
Thank you Sir. Your words bring comfort, that we can overcome - We need you & your wise leadership. God willing its not 2 L8
@ljhaber it's funny they say terrorism has no religion, but there's 1 religion that seems to be full of terrorist!
thank.you.for.your.Witness.and.Service
.Senator.
isn't that what the Christians did when they got here to the Native Americans?
YOU SHOULD HAVE STAYED IN THE PRESIDENTIAL RACE
Then, you support making it more difficult to those jihadists among us, to NOT get guns? Looking forward to your legislation.
@kksheld If our Government can't protect us, then we need to protect ourselves. Ban concealed weapon permits in all states!!!
@kksheld Mr. Cruz, please get rid of gun laws and let law abiding citizens to defend ourselves. NO MORE CONCEAL CARRY PERMITS!
disarming Americans NOT THE ANSWER
Well Ted, let's let em buy all the guns they need while we're at it you dumb ass. #TedCruz #antichrist #NRApuppet #GOP
it's your acceptance of the AR15 that pricipates these events
and not (in the words this current president) - the "JV" team of ISIS???  BO has really addressed ISIS by ignoring it
I notice Trump has stolen your platform of saying Hillary should call it what it is Radical Islamic Terrorism
you voted to allow a crazy person access to military weapons?
Jesus is the way!
.@SenTedCruz Congress HAS to declare war on Islamic Terrorism. Anti-American #Obama will not. @WhiteHouse
@realDonaldTrump @WashTimes @WSJ Donald J Trump should consider Newt Gingrich and Ted Cruz as a running mate for Vice President
Their objective sounds exactly like your objective!
You HATE LGBT. Fuck you.
Hi I'm @mariamenounos' @SIRIUSXM producer- would you call in to discuss the Orlando tragedy w/ us -tom @ 1p est ?
Please be our nominee-we need you Sen Cruz!!! #contestedconvention
so what happend in Orlando was exactly what #kevinswanson wanted. You remember him? you were at his rally. For shame!!
And your objective TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz is to destroy America like obozo. Doing a great job killing our Veterans
my objective is to get you to shut up with the war mongering but that won't happen either.
Kind of like The International House of Prayer as it indoctrinates Missionaries with hate to export. http://www.rightwingwatch.org/content/response-uganda-documentary-ihop-says-it-s-not-involved-politics …
What non evangelicals are uncomfortable with, is your use of state to sorta-force converts in morally legislated ways
Thank you, tailgunner Joe!
Then put your differences aside with Trump and get into the fight Mr. Cruz! America will only be stronger with you on the team.
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I guess murder is it?&they are doing a great job of it. We are sitting ducks under this admin.
@ArieFriedman it's incredibly depressing the one POTUS candidate who gets it, got outvoted by a dimwitted narcissist. #doomed
The meek shall inherit the Earth, their not meek so they won't be successful
only Trump can now stop this. So stop the personal beef and throw your weight around Trump so Hilary can be stopped.
@ChuckNellis We will not convert we will take up arms against these devils!
@sabmesser this isn't radical Islam, it's radical homophobia! Your specialty! Blood on your hands for campaigning against LGBTQ
Trump is the unintended cosequence of demagogues exploiting fear, ignorance and intolerance for the past seven years.
please, that is media, government lobbyist propaganda. How do you go to war with an idiology and slogan?
@catalishus Yet, our "Commander In Chief" won't utter the words "radical Islamic terrorism".
We have been at war every year of our existence, save 20 some odd, this guy was a wife beating, mentally ill American, bomb him?
Not just our Nation Senator.
then we need to stop importing them to our nation. We are going to be slaughtered if they aren't deported. BALLS TO THE WALL
wisely stated
.@realDonaldTrump was right again and again and again it feels good to win with #Trump2016 a real leader
You're such an opportunistic dickhead, Ted.
Trump is our only hope right now. He would be much stronger with your support. Our Country would be better with you on board
that made me throw up a little.
I know. But it's better that Hillary at the helm. We have little choice at this point
@Walker85024 And American gun companies are their arms dealers.  Why don't we take classic defensive action and cut off supply?
The socialist progressive left won't be happy until this dream of freedom is driven from all of us.
forcibly?  I'll die first. But not without one hell of a fight.
Exactly this is why GOP needs to get behind Trump.  People would t agree with everything g he says but he is america first.
not just Americans, they want to covert or kill all non-muslims.
you're a lot better at this sort of thing than running for president. Keep speaking out on #RadicalIslam and #Liberalism.
PC triumphs again. Gun free zone, radical Islamic terrorist unleashes terror in Florida Gay club. Let's watch all this ignored!
The Holy (and Creepy) Crusader has spoken!!! The hell would you know about war?!?
Yes, but many of your fellow Americans are to dumb to see.
 
God Bless America ✞
Still NOT helping your party #banTrump #StopTrumpPac
#AmericaAgainstTrump Stand against the Republican Party #StopTrumpPac
pretty sure this was more about hating #lgbtq Americans than promoting "radical Islam" #PulseShooting #OrlandoShooting #pulse
God bless Ted and Donald for telling the truth about murderous barbarian Islamofascism. The libPCDems, media, campuses will not.
And whatever you do, don't allow ANY government studies of gun related homicides to happen.
@SenTedCruz
@SenTedCruz
You shared a stage with Kevin Swanson. A contempt man says nothing
Right, like Kevin Swanson's call to murder or forcibly convert all "gays".  It all sounds pretty familiar.
Your objective is to drop a hot load of Lizard Man seminal fluid into a can of @Campbells Chunky Chicken Noodle.
The hard truth is that we have been at war with radical Islamic Terrorist since Jimmy Carter was in office
They see a friend in President Obama - a sympathizer who apologizes for America every chance he gets. What a legacy he spawned.
--The more you write, the more we understand why you lost to what Ryan called, "a racist."
#delete your account please
But please let them continue to purchase weapons. We couldn't possibly do anything about that.
You are not taking away my 2A Right to defend myself. I am CCW 
No - that's incorrect. Keep your concealed weapon. I'm speaking of high capacity weapons used in war.
well said Mr, Senator.
Never !!!!!!!
so are you backing trump yet?
so endorse trump now
