Did he criticize them after the ceremony?
@SenTedCruz Boy, that must have really hurt to give a medal to a guy that shot two of his own kind, anti-American scum!
- He hates this with every fiber of his traitorous being.
@POTUS Looks like he wants to strangle Officer Stevens with that medal
eat your heart out
I'm surprised Obama didn't prosecute this wonderful hero instead.
jiiimki
Mkk.l
Hussein-O's expression reveals he's not that into it.
He doesn't looked thrilled they killed one of his homeboys. #sourpuss
The closer he get's to getting OUT the more his mask slip's down.  Unfortunately, his wife has no mask at all.
True! The wife, no mask & no shame.
How can you accept any award from an Anti-American-Traitor -LIAR- like Obama & still pretend it means something? @FoxNews @JRGrayThunder
Shame on you-for not standing up for America-against Tyranny!-Turn in your badge! @FoxNews @JRGrayThunder
wow bet that was tuff for Big O
@kevinmwatsonre : could Obama look less impressed?
@SenTedCruz DIfficult day for POTUS.
He got used by Obama.
Well done, Officer Stevens!
@SenTedCruz I am a Texan Proud 2 see, Texan first  responders did mighty ways saved others life' more important than their duties.
@SenTedCruz You KNOW  this is KILLING HIM to have to do this!
Its a shame obama gave it to him. I would never except anything from him. Thank you sir for your service, and obama go to HELL!
Obama has a look of disgust on his face as he awards these people especially the officer who killed the Muslim terrorist
my thanks to officer Gregory Stevens
Damage is done to Obamas legacy .. as well as Foxnews credibility . .Both are sellouts to the truth. 
#Foxnewsucks
little late considering damage done
killing Chicago cops
Chicago cops all the madfucers killers
really people,  get your head out of your a**
Wait a minute!  Did Al Sharpton give his approval for this ceremony?
@SenTedCruz you people are all maniacs and I love every second of it
Hail the men on the walls by whose sacrifice we sleep soundly in our beds.
Why does Obama never look pleased when he awards medals of valor to police or military?
Pres looks like he is enjoying this. NOT
Our media scolded Trump for burrito bowl tweet, Silent on Obama bashing officers & this. Double-standard bias
id have had to say no thx if it's coming from a black panther support who's fueled the anti police fire.
Great job Officer Stevens!
too bad he's getting this from a Muslim extremist
u know he's ready to boil over,it pains him to do something to make law enforcement look good
This is.....  "Don't mess with Texas"!
Not some baseball game.  ;-)
bho is hating every moment! Totally insincere! The POS probably wishes the terrorists had been successful!
Wish Obama had looked at least interested in what he was about to do instead of the "oh crap" look on his face.
@realDonaldTrump u can see clearly obama hates even being there, he killed a muslim brother!
oh yea the @POTUS is really into this, what disrespect. @realDonaldTrump would be elated to hand out such a medal to such a HERO!
look at the total disgust in obama's face. So much loathing as he puts the medal on him.
God Bless our brothers in blue. Blue lives matter
I wouldn't turn my back on him .... lol
Congrats to the deserving recipients!  WELL DONE!!!  As a 41 yr veteran LEO, I would not have been able to accept it from Obama
Obama has learned the hard way that you "Don't Bite the Hand that Protects You."
Obama's speech is an attempt to reconcile with the naton's police. By not supporting them at Ferguson, murders have risen since.
look at the contempt on his face for killing one of his brothers , he hates it!
great for our police.but obama's a liar.saying all that,that he knows he don't mean.that bastard.GUNS ppl
why Does Obama looked pissed ?
@FoxNews
I'm surprised Obama didn't chastise him for.racial.profiling a Muslim
hats off to officer Stevens..
Obama hypocrisy
should have got Donald Trump to do it
these guys are heroes & I am sure the liberal agenda was not happy. Didn't the POTUS say the cops were the bad guys?
Betcha Obama was gagging while doing that.
its all part of the 1033 program that's already set into motion!
POTUS looks pissed he has to honor men who killed his brothers in ISIS
Step by step we will break ISIS down
you can see the pain and anguish on the @POTUS face for having to give this medal.  He fights for his brotherhood.
Well done, Officer Stevens! Does anyone else see the irony? Obama/Islamic terrorists/White officer?
you're kidding-Obama actually acknowledges there's terrorism? Thought he'd be apologizing to the families for killing them
I'm sure @BarackObama was crying on the inside for his muslim brothers
I bet this just pains him...
How come the Prince of Darkness looks pained to award a Muslim slayer? Oh that's right...
what a great society, kill a man get a medal
opinions vary. It is sad out society has come to this. A man, granted not a good man, was killed. Not medal worthy
sad that you would. Killing is killing.
sad excuse for a human. Make killing a game show.
Im sure Obama was thrilled to do this.
LOL
