Psuedo Christians,  preach redemption & that every life is precious but celebrate the death of #FidelCastro
he's clearly not celebrating, but rather relieved that this man can no longer rein oppression
pisses all over #lgbt rights and he's concerned about oppression? Since when?
you're kidding, right? Castro was especially hard on lbgt. No comparison http://www.intelinet.org/tyrant/gays.htm 
I'm not defending #FidelCasto I'm calling out hypocrisy of hate on all sides
you can't compare the 2. You would throw Cruz under the bus no matter what his position on Castro
ted cruz is the zodiac killer
hmm he looks like the uncle that you wouldn't want around your children if you know what I mean
Ted... Ted... Batista was the US backed dictator chased out of Cuba by Fidel.
being "thankful" for the death of another (no matter how evil) is not Christian. You are a ghoul.
wow for a guy that supports Trump and who praised Putin. 
I 100% totally agree
Unfortunately most of America is too dumb to what Cruz has been saying all along about America's place and directions
i wish Tes Cruz and Donald trump were no longer with us
Wow. A Christian sentiment?
I wish u were N that Cuban prison instead of ur aunt. She sounded brave & stood 4 something, U do not!
Nice Christian sentiments...hypocrite
my ears when he spoke a little Spanish 
"It is thankful..."? Who the hell is "It"?
Whatever a man does if he dies let God judge him and don't make fun of it
Trump still doesn't like you...but keep trying
um this guy is the zodiac killer who cares what he says
Proverbs 24:17
Do not rejoice when your enemy falls, and let not your heart be glad when he stumbles,
This behavior of denigrating the deceased in very typical of the ultra religious right. I will pray for them.
The hate is real in America. Republicans criticize every words that comes out Obama's mouth @ABC
glad of an old mans death....mighty Christian!
we will be all thankful when you are gone too racist,islamophobic and deceitful Ted Cruz
Ted Cruz "Thankful he is no longer with us" talking about Fidel Castro, how fundamentally Christian.
Another fundamental Christian saying"I love the smell of napalm in the morning"  Ted Cruz jackass
shut up Cruz your dad killed jfk
@Peggy7172 @tedcruz @ABC he was a murder he 28th his master now the devil

@DrJillStein We shall work together to push #recount2016 in MI & PA before the Monday & Wednesday deadlines. Your efforts will be historic.
that's bad but is this k? We have broken plenty of teeth as liberators #vietnam #irak etc..tellyour daddy to move on
I'll bet @tedcruz's dad's comment was a bit more extreme. 
@Cgriffin3323 u realize Ted literally is Donald's latch right? Also, comments on Castro then TAKES SHOTS ON OBAMA
I didn't think of that angle. But yes I can definitely see
like his daughters know the president called their grandad the assassin of JFK
then muted about it and gave up/joined
That is exactly what people will say when its your time.
You are just embarrassed that Castro laid down the law to the US 50 years ago & the US was #impotent to do anything.
God bless @tedcruz for straight forward truth. Why say nice things about a murderous dictator
But Fidel was a buddy of your Dad. Even claims he fought for Castro. As Klingons say, #SonOfATraitor
for the love of god why is this guy even given air time? This is high moral and integrity lol 
Cruz and his kind are idiots! America has a history of oppression, lynching, hoses, dogs, mass incarceration...
how dare you come to america trying to take over
you don't belong in america because your canadian
mind what u say about another person death be u could loose a family member as well don't Glopp because he death
AMEN TO THE DEVIL HE TOOK THAT OLD BASTARD
If your dad was imprisoned by Batista, shouldnt you be happy about castro.Castro was the guy that took down Batista.
Trump family will rule 4 decades without another election!  More than likely u end up in prison camp with me.
Ted Cruz is dead!

here come s the  #TheZodiacKiller

yes!
Just gonna leave this here... #ZodiacKiller
they look nothing alike tbh 
@ABCWorldNews @tedcruz @ABC Could you just go away!!!
does someone wanna tell Ted that Castro and Batista were two different people?
That's the smartest thing I've heard you say!
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz @ABC  glad ur dad got out alive!!
@ABCWorldNews @tedcruz @ABC Wow really Ted? Even though he may not have been liked he was still a person. Shame on u
Senator Cruz, I agree!!! He was evil personified!
it always amazes me how one individual can cause the suffering of so many.
@ABCWorldNews @tedcruz Ted, Fidel made history on a level you will never, ever achieve. Look in the mirror, and go home
he is burning in hell with many others. Shame!! People come to Jesus!!
Weren't you named after his brother?
so cruz should no longer be with us either canadian citizen non american...
.@ABCPolitics .@tedcruz @ABC You seem to be conflating Batista with Castro ... two different regimes Teddy.
trump and his goones are  like  Fidel Castro
and this came from the mouth of a Christian!  #unbelievable :(
Gettem Teddy!
Amen
.@ABCPolitics .@tedcruz .@ABC Let me get this straight, BATISTA tortured UR dad? Castro ousted Batista then tortured UR Aunts? Interesting
Hoping all Cubans stay out of the USA.Cuba is the place to be.Time to build a wall - President Trump can keep us clean
take a look in the mirror before you go run your mouth
Did your dad shoot him too?
Smug&http://Ignorant.Read  up on Castro & Y people risked their life to cross FL straights in homemade rafts.
and WTF does a Canadian know about Castro????  NOTHING!!!
@DaleSGruber TED 
Come save us from #Trudeau Ted..
Hilter hailed by some- Louis Farrakhan hailed by some - David Duke hailed by some- Castro was godless & evil
Fidel Castro was the modern symbol of human oppression.  Clearly stood against every American ideal.
You owe your life in America to Castro, Teddie. Your chicken-ass dad should have stayed in Cuba to oppose him.
America never wanted Fidel out. They could of took him out like they did with Sadam and kadafi. Is bunch of bs
So what now? He equally evil brother is still alive.
cruz and his father should be on that same train
Well said Senator!
So am I !!!
Regardless of the topic... it's so good to see Ted Cruz on a Sunday morning show again; we've missed you Senator!
go crawl back under a rock senator smarmy
Yeah now we have our own fascist cult leader, who needs Castro, right?
@ABCPolitics @tedcruz @ABC
Cuba perfect example of what happens when one person or group decides everything! Dems want to decide everything!
True Amen freedom.
@ThisWeekABC @tedcruz @FoxNews #FNS #ThisWeek #PBSNews Nonaligned states like Puerto Rico are now free  http://snpy.tv/2gv7Xdb 
Isn't his brother just as bad?....
I  am so sorry for your familys Horror
Ни по одному президенту США не будет 9-дневного траура, как Фиделю.
nice Christian values displayed
so you're sad to see such an evil man dead?
not really
"For a man who has tortured & murdered & oppressed so many, it is thankful he is no longer with us." Context, ABC
finally he agrees with #Trump lol
i cant even kill bugs and he hurt people and i have no idea how anyone can do that to another human being. So sad
@ your Tia Sonia the oppressor is gone!
What's that noise in the background? Oh yeah, it's the ABC News staff sobbing over Fidel. #corruptMSM
Cruz you are right on everything but you are still a Schmuck
I'm glad ABC and the left are praising Castro as a hero,shows who they are and what they believe in. #EnemiesOfAmerica
well they needed to beat the hell out of his dad b/c he killed JFK
@ThisWeekABC @tedcruz @ABC I have no respect for this "Politician" and "News organization"
then go far away.
can't you're already there
LUCIFER HIMSELF
and you must be the wicked witch
