.@dcexaminer Cruz doesn't want term limits.Introduced this bill,b/c he thinks it won't pass& then he can use to his advantage next election.
lol like you know his thoughts
So why do you think he introduced it, smartass?
Same reasons Cruz has co-sponsored other Senate bills for term limits. He, like Rubio, supports term limits.
Cruz supports Cruz, and that is all.
Cruz is my Senator & he's done what he said he would if elected. That's why he won TX primary. Can't say the same for Rubio.
He's done nothing in Congress, but blow his own horn, trying to qualify himself for president. TX should dump him from Senate.
I don't understand your need to continue to  attack Cruz. I'm glad Rubio will be back in the Senate. But I'm done with you.
Why? Cruz is a conservative.
the establishment big govt portion of the republicans
Throw them out, too!!!
How? They continue to get reelected by their districts. Can't just wave a cepter like a king.
OMG! They can't get re-elected if there r term limits, which is what this thread is about!!!
But if they're opposed to term limits, how do we get it passed?
good get rid of people past retirement
this needs to pass!!!
@tedcruz That's my guy! He needs to be in the White House.
Smells like posturing.
@michelle4trump Go Ted, you are many now. Legislate Islam out of the God fearing Nation. Tear down the mosque find the Devil
@tedcruz next balanced budget :)
@zambrody37 I would give the house 6 terms because you need some stability and parity with the Senate.
Maybe you don't fully understand the "good ol boy" network. Buying new politicians is WAY more expensive.
No. CONGRESS is shifting more power to the president. Been doing itfor decades.
BO been acting like a king with his executive orders and getting away with it cuz he's black.
if only!
#TermLimits ONLY Needed for SENATORS-house seats=LOCAL Election so that's why HOUSE does Voters wiLL BETTER than senate
In theory, Joe Bob, I agree with you. But in practice, it's still tough to get rid of an incumbent.
Not if they have term limits imposed. Kinda the point. It's not optional.
@tedcruz Thank you! This is the fastest way to get the government closer to what the founders intended
@tedcruz we already have term limits.  It's called elections.  Don't tell me who I can vote into office
@nooneishere51 fantastic!!!
Ted "Failure" Cruz.

So that's dead in the water.
@FreedomChild3 way to go Ted
May he be the first to go.

. Ted Cruz will screw up something or make sure Texas only Benefits off whatever he does.
redemption
@SenTedCruz such ideas are what we need
Let's introduce legislation to incarcerate Bill and Hillary together in a large metal Quonset hut in Alaska's muskeg!
@silverbird458 About time we had a leader who cared
YES!!!
@casscj 
That would be wonderful if it is able to be done
@tedcruz 100% support this!  Very pleased to see Ted Cruz remains fighting for conservative principals.  Cruz is great!
@LivingstonLD22 great tweet
EXCELLENT
MANY OTHER THINGS NEED TO BE AMENDED.REMEMBER YOUR SPEECH ON LIBERTY.
https://twitter.com/PatriotCzar/status/807382262920740864 …
@dcexaminer @MisouTD
Term Limits Already Exist.
The People have a RIGHT 2 extend those terms
Incumbents should instead LOSE their unfair advantage @SenTedCruz
@tedcruz yes we need  term limits.
Harry Reid is the poster boy for term limits!!
@gato_gator This will do away with career politicians and slams the door on political corruption. This was one of TRUMPS goals.
@tedcruz @gop but then what will @OrrinHatch do? Get back to Utah and enjoy your family. Not Grand anymore just Old.
@tedcruz it will never happen unless we hold a constitutional convention. However, this is why @tedcruz was my first choice.
Now that's courage. TY senator.
yeah! Bout time!
@tedcruz can you add an anti-lobbying clause as well for termed out members?
@tedcruz NICE!!! But it will never get anywhere with Lifers like McCain, McConnell and Gramnesty.
Those are only 3 votes.
indeed. But I believe they are typical.of all.of the folks in DC. Cornyn, brady, Jackson.Lee...on & on
@SenTedCruz I think if pass it for anyone elected after ratification it will pass easily.
@tedcruz great idea. Wonder how the guys in congress will vote on limiting there own Job terms. 
@tedcruz If tern limits become reality, TC will have done more to drain the swamp than DJT will ever do.
@SenTedCruz good for you Ted. Hope ur the next SCOTUS pick, praying for it.
get it done
@tedcruz :it looks to me like Teddy is trying to get noticed!
Only ones not noticing him r ones too dumb to not already know how good he has already been
:he was my second choice he didn't stand by Donald!
I truly appreciate that...I predict it will go nowhere...
@SenTedCruz Believe it when I see it ! Better chance of monkey's flying out of my butt first !
@SenTedCruz  Good idea!  It's about time.
do it - 
get this passed
@tedcruz Great idea.
Besides the Term Limits,we should make some changes to the 1st, 2nd, 10th and other amendments to protect its future
and repeal the 17th.
Finally!!!
@sentedcruz executive order obama...
@CruzinAhead Great at least starting and wait for SCOTUS advantage 2 more picks
Easier to vote to eliminate all pensions & benefits, then most would self-limit so they could retire someday.
@realDonaldTrump 
On the same page as President Elect Trump.  Very good.
@tedcruz Dream legislation, however the only way this gets done is with Article V!
This CAN happen only because many, many people have been begging for it.  Otherwise, you're right.
@tedcruz boy will they unite over that bipartisan support to defeat it
you know it!
Why can't I freely vote for the best candidate of my choice?
@dcexaminer @tedcruz
Mixed feelings.  Why get rid of people that are doing job well?  We have elections.  But incumbent perks limit choice.
@tedcruz great news!
@tedcruz 
Please make sure your time would be up. Thank you.
Ted should go into private practice and stop feeding at the public trough. Our Senator is best described as an "Ass-Hat!"
U r wrong, that would be democrats r the ass hats. Anti constitution, anti everything good.
Changing the Constitution is not 'pro' Constitution. My god.
@Huntsalone1 @mictusstone @dcexaminer
@tedcruz i still say voting puts s term limit. But it seems most only pay attention to president.
@realDonaldTrump @dcexaminer @tedcruz Senator Cruz would make great Supreme Court justice Mr. PEOTUS.
It would give more qualified citizens the chance to represent their states.
@tedcruz Career politicians are the downfall of our country.
@tedcruz the only amendment you're interested in is an extra side of French fries
for Congressman & Senators??? Good luck!
congress will never limit themselves in government. Too many bribes to take.
And the longer they "serve," the more they assimilate into the crony culture, fully ensconced in perpetuity.
@tedcruz Could be a good thing. If it stops movement of a political class it's good. Too many think their entitled to pol. power
@tedcruz it's noble for Cruz to do this but you're asking career politicians to regulate themselves?  #NotGonnaHappen
@tedcruz at last
which are?
@tedcruz Lock him up.
Good luck Ted!!  But I think we're going to need an Article V convention to get that one done.Please start urging that!
it'll be nice to get on record who is against it though.
@datrumpnation1  GET IT DONE with no pension or medical plan.
I'm okay with a little retirement. Maybe 1000 dollars a month and Obamacare medical.
Excellent!  Bad news for power hungry Dems.
GOP trash like Mitch McConnell too!
YES
to be retroactive, of course
