@sokeijarhead @SenTedCruz @JosephEach Welcome to 3rd world, banana republic owned & operated by big money, that buys anything
@LSUFAN869 did your father really kill JFK like trump said? http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2016/may/06/anatomy-talking-point-donald-trump-jfk-assassinati/ …
How many people have ended up mysteriously murdered by Killiary Clinton ? Not including the 4 Americans she allowed to die n Kahzi
we'll never know til the tin foil is removed. We do know how many died when bush lied. 1,033,000 people. http://www.justforeignpolicy.org/deathcount/explanation …
@GlockLady When do the fucking speeches stop and you clowns actually do something?
@RestoreHistory troublin???  How about enraging?
"Troubling" HELL! Is freaking DerelictionofDuty, GROSS MiscarriageofJustice, Interfering w/@FBI investigation, & GOVT TYRANNY!
Get mad! Get outraged! Get on the front page news! Expose Dem corruption!
@fadboo  
Comey best be dropping net over Barry or resigning and telling country what he knows re this rogue administration.
#FBI doesn't sound so credible anymore, do they?
Certainly does not seem so... and very troubling. Hoping Comey has something he has not shared yet...
our country is being dismantled by corruption. Unless something drastic changes this election we're doomed
NeverTrump or Hillary
@LSUFAN869 where in the constitution does it say you can murder 2 year old children because of what their fathers or cousins do?
@mba382 not troubling... Demoralizing. Our leaders have decided the "law" no longer matters.
And the rule of law has spoken ..............it may not be what you would like, but we all must obey the law
TROUBLING?!Its OUTRAGEOUS!We have two sets of Laws; thse for the "elite" & those for the rest of us "peons". R nation's screwed!
@VermillionRich WADR, senator, you made a pledge to support the nominee...now do it!!!
Troubling? I would say Director Comey is an anarchist. Completely disavowed the rule of law to pardon Hillary. Legal Anarchy
Come on.  It's wayyyyyy beyond troubling. @fajita_special2
.@RocIngersoll I guess I could have had my attorneys delete Ted's tweet. @SenTedCruz
2nd Q: what I s quid pro quo for Comey? Cabinet position from Crooked @HillaryClinton ?
FBI decision is shameful. Using private server shows clear intent to mishandle classified info @Dd09999 @gscarp12 @MilkMushMeat
I find these comments troubling from a man who ran but was not eligible. Rule of law? @BenSnow57 @SenTedCruz @Dd09999 @MilkMushMeat
@SenTedCruz
"troubling" is that all u have 2 say?  U r so PC it is sickening.
Troubling? Please use words that actually fit what's happened;*criminal,*tyrannical, *treasonous,*sham,*betrayal...
maybe you are wrong about the facts of the case.
just do your job!
That is very understated but certainly true.
Devastating. People need to wake up and realize our country, as we have known and loved it, is going away bit by bit.
Is that all?? "TROUBLING??" Sounds like you have a pretty weak commitment to the Rule of Law."
@HeyTrudi ya think Cruz?
the greatest threat to America is radical Christian politicians
technically, what else can be done? Anything at all?
@mdsmelser "Thy liberty in law" is in trouble
we have lost our freedom
HILLARY CLINTON IS A RUTHLESS CROOK AND BELONGS IN JAIL
From the man who tried to keep an innocent man in prison just "because." GFY.
...To Say the Least...
#Diversity is not the rule of law either.
#Diversity is a code word for #Whitegenocide.
Not so much troubling as very revealing.
Troubling? @SenTedCruz it is appalling and illegal! Please help stop this insanity.
@irshroz Troubling?  It is downright outrageous
Come on, Senator Cruz; "troubling"? It is a miscarriage of justice, and a thumbing of the nose at the law.
I do hope YOU are not voting for the thief and liar.
Yes, troubling, SENATOR. So..uh..you going to represent the American people and do something or just a few tweets and a harumph?
Come on buddy, we know the rule of law died decades ago. It just took time for the rot to spread this far.
@brittneyboop Or maybe u should accept that the rule of law was determined by the FBI not to have been broken by Hillary Clinton
@peddoc63 More like it's scary
>Then do something about it.
I agree with you on this.  Too bad you are suck a lying bucket.  And, why was your father with Lee Harvey Oswald?
You should, as all in positions of service, be far more than troubled, Senator.  
We have achieved a new level of corruption.
Make the decision to vote on a SCOTUS nominee, so we can judge the rule of law.
Government  hasn't  been enforcing laws for years. We are in chaos. Swallow pride, help Trump!!!
Rule of law also debunks made up charges by politicians to tell lies against their rivals!
Ted Cruz feels:  "grossly negligent."   Clearly FBI's phrase is not meant to be the equivalent of "grossly negligent."  Sorry.
You understand that it hinges on subjective opinions as to what "extremely careless" translates into, legally? FBI feels: nada.
please pray about VP spot
it is not only troubling, it is sickening!
When @potus doesn't follow laws why would you expect @FBI to do the same against @HillaryClinton? @GOP needs to fight harder
@TexasGOP #texit
.  That's and understatement if I ever heard one.
In a nation where Congress is supposed to Advise and Consent on Presidential nominees, eight justices on SCOTUS is troubling.
Rule of Law appears dead.
I guess Democratic Party has different rules than everybody else
But the solution isnt. #TEXIT
steal American children disturbing when you didn't protect our borders during the Bush Administration was disturbing
Massive understatement of monumental proportions.
No sir, it is DISGRACEFUL! Our Founding Fathers acted on less. This was straight outa 1984!
when you walked past homeless people on the street in DC that was also disturbing mr. Cruz I saw you in Washington DC
@RamBoPirate- Every seatholder is held accountable 4 allowing this. The fight better be on in the house & senate. Do UR jobs!!!!
TROUBLING?!?! Advice: 1) When you use 50 words, use 5. 2) Get mad. We're in trouble, damn it.
it is time to unite around one issue Not Hillary and a conservative Supreme Court!
Not anymore, Senator! Welcome to the world's newest Banana Republic!
it's more than troubling. It's an embarrassment and disgrace
As is your refusal to bring impeachment proceedings against the President. I'll look for another Senator to support this fall.
@andya09 SEN CRUZ, U R BEING TOO KIND HERE.
you are the third-best televangelist.
what law did she break?
: Enough of this undocumented Muslim president Obama and his administration.
time for you and #cruzcrew to put your support behind Trump or our country will be over and you will be partially responsible
Not in the Clintons world. They are above the law
I will not tolerated Hillary as President. Run with Trump. Help him get the country back. He needs the Party and we need the GOP
No more troubling than you backing out on your word to endorse presidential nominee. #liar
It is troubling and that's a Great Reason Why We The People Of The United States Need You As Our President. Not Donald Trump
TROUBLING!!? GOOD GOD MAN THERE IS NO LAW. I COULD BREAK ANY LAW AND SITE HILLARY AS PRECEDENT WHY I SHOULD BE LET OFF!
-Respect the independence of the FBI.
"supposed" by fewer and fewer... I'm no longer supposing anything. I'm done being a fool.
Everything you say is troubling Ted.
Senator I've seen you upset, I don't see the fire on this terrible action taken by the FBI. Please be verbal on the travesty.
"troubling" the price of gas going up what it costs for popcorn at the movies is troubling.  U could be a little more forceful
- troubling? rewrite: sub "is supposed to matter" with "doesn't matter" and sub "troubling" with "inevitable"
Are you saying that director Comey didn't do his job because you didn't get the result you wanted?
when it comes to the Clintons, the law doesn't apply. You should know that by now.
@TrustyGordon The second amendment was meant to dissuade Tyranny. At what point do you think it applies to today's TYRANNY?
Twitter post do nothing!!!!
this Navy vet begs u.please sir unite the with Trump and stop the Clinton dynasty. U are my senator I voted to put u in the sena
very !
We the people, need your help to tear this government out of the hands of those who think they are "above the law". Pls Sign on
What can we do about this?
, The rule of law does not and never has applied to the Clintons. They are untouchable and today the FBI confirmed that!
today's decision is deeply disturbing, the rule of law no longer matters and it's upsetting to honest people
It's too bad you don't think the vote of the people means anything either you hypocrite.
Surprised?  Wonder who was threatened with what to arrive at this outcome.
especially when a sailor is convicted of 'mishandling classified information'
@RoyalTXGirl @SenTedCruz 
Obama &his puppetmaster executed silent coup no one had balls to stop
Barack was supposed to 'fix' the country. This man couldn't fix a sandwich
So you're saying you don't like democracy? You complain every time your view point is the winning argument.
what are we gonna do about it next Senator?
You may have respect for the members of the @FBI, but many do not. The fish rots from the head. They are all tainted now.
remember the billions Hillary lost as sos?
The Law Means Nothing When your in the 1 percent
It's way beyond troubling.  It's way beyond scandalous.  The rule of law died today. RIP American Republic.
Sadly, the rule of law hasn't mattered in a long time.
Senator, I don't even know to respond to the decision but #AlwaysUSConstitution never whatever those people are trying to sell
oh Ted...give them hell
The decision to prosecute is up to DOJ leader Lynch she can proceed with filings charges 
@SenTedCruz
Saying #ByeGOPinNov 4 these kind of comments.
the damage infringed to our democracy by the clintons and obamas will takes decades to get rid off !
Understatement of the century?
There is no rule of law in our country! The corruption is so deep that we will never be a great nation again!
i concur teddy!  No justice for the families of Benghazi
The Clintons are obviously above the law.
@SenTedCruz
Trump? The guy who has given her tons of money?! Lolololol
- Business, is Business when your'e in business!  Sometimes you have to pay to play! Hillary?  Crooked!
@SenTedCruz
Let us know what you plan to do about it.
it's scary how the laws bend only for select people....
'troubling?" That's the best you can do?  How about disgraceful?
the law matters to everybody except @HillaryClinton
Not just troubling.  TERRIFYING
where's the justice?
There is no justice.
only if you're less powerful or have less money.
