If that is truly your bro, I am so sorry, but fascism is not the case here, give God a chance to show his blessings on America
no God has a place in politics. As you would not want some other religious beliefs forced on you, neither do we.
My God is a Holy Spirit that loves all, no idol here that you speak of, His love is free, free to choose,  your choice...
Why blatantly politicize the Supreme Court this way? Ideals of democracy should be above party politics & individual power
this is number 1 reason for Trumps win people know all is tied to keeping Court conservative
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz That's right, just the Constitution and the first few amendments. Everything else is up for repeal!
#LyingTed
lying Ted! Even his name is phony!
@SenateDems the @GOP will get no nominations through the Senate/ @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr will reap what they have sown
and Merrick Garland fits the bill.
Because stupid Obama break a lot of constitution laws!
America can't wait!
the only thing more offensive than Ted Cruz's face is his crazy political views #ayyyyy
Take another selfie and leave the politics to the adults in the room. Talk about policy, not looks. Get over it!
I'm sorry, I know your generation takes selfies.I shld never be rude. I just get angry when some1 talks abt looks
his views are archaic in my opinion. Selfies are my way of expressing my narcissi 
I understand, I don't care for his way of thinking either. I don't trust him and i hope Trump does not offer him
I agree!! We'll see !
I am shocked that President Trump can't see that Ted is a snake,a smoothe talking snake,back stabber
@babysgramma @FoxNews @tedcruz he's probably just set them up going to Punk him
@realDonaldTrump ted not trustworthy for important positions
Translation: Trump is going to protect the exceptional rights of white men while taking the rights of every1 else.
Cruz isn't a white man.
U ever watch the Boondocks? Ted Cruz is a Cuban Uncle Ruckus.
The U.S. Census Bureau defines the ethnonym Hispanic or Latino to refer to "a person of Cuban, Mexican, Puerto Rican decent"
When Trump professes to draining the "swamp" you should be first!
get judged who will protect against voter fraud and gerrymandering. Fight communism in the USA
@constitutionmd @tedcruz Who's version of the #Constitution? The #foundingfathers ? US is a #ConstitutionalRepublic not #democracy
I do not believe him. I do not trust nor believe Ted Cruz
Thank you!
good the supreme court is no place to put activist judges.

http://facebook.com/fixamericafirstpac/ …
You don't think conservative judges are activists?  Are you delusional?
Constitutional judges are what we want. the SCOTUS should be neutral and make decisions based on the constitution
NEUTRAL is the word. Conservative judges are NOT neutral. They are conservative!!  Justice Scalia who the Republican Party
That's rich because he was with a bunch of dems when he passed away.
No he was not!!
John B. Poindexter is the son of John Poindexter, convicted in the Iran Contra scandal and overturned.
@jesusavesfunes @tedcruz 
I would love to see Cruz accept being
the nominee for the vacant position 
on the Supreme Ct. if asked.
bite me lying ted
Yes! #TrumpOn!
Ted Cruz has proven on several occasions that he is nothing more than an opportunist and a turn coat.
hope do Ted.  We need that
Please God, please God.
unfortunately they will also be "RIDICULOUS FANATICS" something the constitution is "CLEARLY AGAINST" so were screwed!
, I'M REALLY HOPING IT'S NOT U. NOBODY FORGETTING YOR ACTIONS AGAINST TRUMP. CAN NOT CHG STRIPES THAT FAST. CONG AGAINST U.
someone shoot him
@SenTedCruz Ted, sorry to be profane but blow it out your ass.
bend over ted lol
I support you as AG of US. You never were  a "yes man." You will go get'em!
to a fellow Texan.
And we almost lost that chance because of you.
Trump should nominate  Cruz to SPCOTUS!
Please no David Souters.  We don't need squishy conservatives that will vote with the Liberals every chance the have.
who did u vote 4 teddy boy
eager to dismiss the founding fathers separation of church and state! #LatinoUncleTom
@SenTedCruz @TexasAuthor
Answer to prayer!

sellout
. You talk the talk...you better walk the walk..we are sick of backstabbing GOP politicians working for corporations not us
which is why you would be a good choice Ted.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz Our President Elect calls him, "Lyin' Ted" for a reason. Don't believe a word. #CruzLose #WorstSenatorEver
Ted Cruz ready for it any minute Approved
- Don't touch the Constitution. It has worked for over 240 years and should stay.
This news brief is for you, Ginsberg-baby. Keep your opinions to yourself until you leave SCOTUS.
.@tedcruz: "We are going to confirm strong conservative Supreme Court justices to protect the Constitution and Bill of Rights." 
@DennisL656 @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump @Ezinger44 
Sen Mike Lee
Sen Mike Lee
Sen Mike Lee
Sen Mike Lee
Sen Mike Lee
For Supreme Ct!
Ted Cruz gets a huge boner when he gets lil responsibilities.
Appoint Cruz!!!!!!! Cruz for the Supreme Court!!
glad you are on board
https://www.facebook.com/shaunking/videos/1201405789898337/ …
Thank you Sen Cruz for your hard work in Texas and The Beltway  Making America Great 
senator, are you taking a spot on the SCOTUS
creepy Ted Cruz returns
Ted Cruz for SCOTUS! He's experienced and trustworthy and a SCOTUS expert already!
I did not like you in the primary but I feel you would defend the constitution and bill of rights?
Let's be calm. Replacement is for most political conservative on High Court in a century. Court can't go further right
TED FOR SUPREME COURT. IT GETS A  CONSERVATION ON THE COURT 2 GETS HIM OUT OF THE SENATE 3 OUT OF 2020 RACE

No you're not Rafael.  Democrats are going to filibuster for at least 4 years and pay you azzholes back. ;)
AG CRUZ would make America Great Again!
to me this is what the election was all about. It's why the libbys are so butthurt.
May it be so.  Our dear beautiful democratic republic must be protected from socialism through progressive mind sets.
who?
@SenTedCruz @FoxNews @tedcruz How many Dems do you need for that? You know the nasties will refuse them all. Hope you have other ideas....
@SenTedCruz u get it done America is the greatest country & Trump will make it even better
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz PrayingUmake AG.Going fromHolder& Lynch toTedCruz 4 AG is likebeing in a nightmare wakingup 2 a beautifuldream
lock her up!
Agreed but, No more talk. Let's get this done. We the people are tired of talk. The left will cry & accuse. It's OUR turn!
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz stand up to the republicans and democrate progressives in congress.
or you'll get a taste of your own past obstructionism. And the American people will be behind it. 
cc:@SenTedCruz @tedcruz
Damn Tootin' !!! Geg em Ted.
Cruz would make a good addition to the Court.
And we're hoping for young judges so they. An maintain their conservative hold for a long time
God's will to have a GOP controlled house, Senate & a republican president elect,  ensures his order is preserved.
Ted Cruz is the right person for Attorney or Supreme Court. He has my vote.
From who's viewpoint?
LOVE how he is kissing up 2 the person who put his wife down.
his wife and father!
I don't get how donnie can do that 2 him & he can work for the guy. must be a politics thing.
some sort of sick bromance?
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD
he would be an excellent Supreme Court pick. I didn't like him for president but this would suit his experience & values.
Whoever they are, I hope they'll do that. And when Trump tries to shred the Const, BOR, I hope they stand up to him.
any way to kick bader-Ginsburg to the curb??
It takes 60 to confirm Ted.
So you can manipulate those rights into a white nationalist nation? Won't happen.
I wouldn't bet on that. Times are changingHistory repeats itself 
Times have changed so let's see.
Please do NOT waver from that stance!
Ted Cruz you would make an excellent choice for
Supreme Court Justice
Defending USA constitution for ALL WTP of America
Thank you!!!
You mean the way you interpret them.
@gantonovna @HumanParachute mon héros... il est toujours là... toujours aussi con...
un Républicain quoi.
Oh boy... Nothing that the left can do about this except move into a sanctuary state perhaps.
Very important issue for the future of our country!!
CRUZ FOR SCOTUS!
Well, that is what is needed in the Supreme Court. It has become to fanatically liberal
and @mike_pence are much more #dangerous than @realDonaldTrump.
#TEDCRUZ #restoretheconstitution Thank you!
your the man ted cruz.
#tedssweetrevenge just wait if given job w trump. Look what happened to Christie/Jared Kushner Dad
I WANT CRUZ ON THE SUPREME COURT!
b careful what u wish 4 if u support trump #tedssweetrevenge
and destroy the rights of women and minorities. ...
Ted Cruz is in the minority. He's Hispanic.
Who the hell is "We"?
Wait, Cruz is still in the Senate?
I wonder how it feels to push a guys agenda after taking shots at your wife and father? No spine Ted.
I'm glad to see that Trump and Cruz are working together. They starred out as Friends in the beginning. .
lol  all fake  cruz will turn on trump once he has job #sweetrevenge
Possibly.
Ted Cruz knows how to make a stand http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/ted-cruzs-obamacare-nighter-ends-21-hours/story?id=20365712 …
trump better b careful w any job 4  Cruz.Revenge can be sweet (things trump said about cruz/wife/dad)
he's trash
#yaAli
