@SenTedCruz and it will fail like everything else the government touched the military used to be the one exception but
the P.C touchy feelly left is destroying our military also we huff +puff but have never finished a war since WWII
How is the military being destroyed? Specifically, give me some examples.
it has been reduced to less than pre-pearl harbor levels!
I didn't know 1954 was pre-Pearl Harbor.
I said nothing of 1954. I said our military today is at pre Pearl Harbor levels
Do you get that the means and technology of warfare has drastically changed?
SMH!
That's assuming it even lasts  10 years! Leftist seizure of free speech already on a seditious "fast track."
What free speech have the "leftist" taken from you? What can't you express?
how about the Johnson law?
It's the Johnson Amendment, genius.
semantics genius
A law and an amendment are not the same thing at all. It isn't semantics. Get YOUR facts straight.
IT'S ABOUT CENSORSHIP... who cares law or Amendment.
n Intelligent people care. There is a Johnson Law and a Johnson Amendment. Good to know which you are referring to.
I think 10 years is quite long. I say 4
Why 4? What is your reasoning?
If HRC wins, by end of first term
Again, what is your reasoning?
she will give everything away
So, you just say stuff with no ability to back it up? Got it.
@TheJeffBird1 Put the UN in charge of the Sahara and soon there will be a shortage of sand.
I think that an underbody net would happen and   their regulated net would fail.
if Obama used a fake name emailing Hillary didn't he know about the illegal server?
@JBaker31826004 how can he legally do this ?
@SenTedCruz Internet is already not free u idiots, u gotta pay for a Internet provider. #hillary2016
In other words, the Internet will be like #Obama's American dream: Won't be free, will be highly regulated.
Obama will f us over.   open border and bring the USA to its knees
@tchriscurry 

~please help me make this vital!!
Very damning of O~

               
10yrs?..It's not Free now and heavily censored as we speak.
more like 10 mos Mr. Bolton STOP #ICANN #filibuster #GOP @tedcruz - Conservatives, our last chance #1A
I guess we will just have to Build a Better One
@JBaker31826004  In 10 yrs, Obama expects to become UN Secretary-General & bring order to the world (including the Internet).
@jjauthor 
When did it become his to give away?
obama should not have the right to do this. This is BS
@PeteNicodemus If he does, we should just undo it. Technically tough but not impossible.
Yep
: because 'certain' words hurt. #Filters
@NetworksManager surely Mr Bolton that would make you a very happy chappy?
Only in neo-con fever dreams will that happen, oh you tweeted that, I'm being redundant
@SharonMcCutchan This must be stopped! Where is Congress? @tedcruz @TGowdySC @jasoninthehouse @SenateMajLdr @chuckschumer
Ted.. WHAT CONTROL IS HE CEDING?
I predict less than that.
It will not take 10 years, 2 at the most
@jjauthor a tax source for UN?  I could see it
@SenTedCruz It's part of the One World Order to shut us down & control us all. It's so unreal they nearly got away with it!
it will not take 10 years. UN will take over use it to make $ for elites & dictators. They will end free speech!
@caschank when trump gets in he will remove that, pretty easy to play domain games like china and russia do
sounds like you abide by the series of tubes theory to the internet #thanks4playing
How do we stop this from happening?
Here is a video explaining why not. CONGRESS NEEDS TO STOP HIM.  Check out @ThePatriot143's Tweet:
Google, Twitter, Facebook & other Hoax media to build a coalition to silence us, Obama gives internet away 
@AwakeDeborah how can we stop him. From destroying everything he touches?
@Knight276 
If Hillary gets in there may not be an Internet in 10 years. Only guys on camels riding over the USA
Vote Trump
I predict in 10 years u'll be even fatter, ur dick will be even smaller and there will still be no WMDs. STFU asshole
@TeriGRight could it be privatized in the US ?
If you want proof of that, look at the tollroad systems in TX. Sold to Spanish biz, rates constantly rising
I used to respect you
@SenTedCruz and it will get turned off on us like they do in China. Bet on it!
It isn't free now & liberals use unethical censorship already.
.@AmbJohnBolton And is shit you've predicted really something you want people to contemplate closely?
If Obama cedes control of Internet to international body, I predict within 10 yrs, the internet won't be free & will be highly regulated.
Let's Cede Obama and Get rid of Him that Way, as Congress won't Impeach HIM!
.@AmbJohnBolton Can we agree that ur understanding of how DNS works is less than your understanding of Middle East?
If Obama cedes control of Internet to international body, I predict within 10 yrs, the internet won't be free & will be highly regulated.
@SenTedCruz "internet neutrality" got their foot in the door. Total government control soon to come.
@SenTedCruz Somehow you are making $$$ off of this, to be sure. You and Teddy.
@PRyan @Reince   why is he making such critical decision now.  Stop him. More paid special interest
I want to marry your mustache.
@SenTedCruz good!..to many radical conservative Christians spreading bullshit online..!
sheeple.... my son served in Iraq and found exactly that...
it'll be a lot Sooner than that & be just like #Telecom industry #paytoplay Government #Kickbacks Donations to Unscrupulous
in ten yrs i'll probably be wearing a damned burka, ullulating to allah
@SenTedCruz thank you very much
It will become like Cable.  Frm a Customers standpoint, it will be output only.  No User content, Tyrants hate it
I don't understand. If it ain't broke, don't try to fix it. @AmbJohnBolton
@vernwuen Can it be returned back to us with a new administration?
@griffisk and I predict an alternate net option will be up and running before 10yrs.
he's made a mess of everything he's touched so far. I didn't realize the government had control over the internet?
'cedes control'? You don't seriously think U.S. controls the Net do you? We control the Net no more than we control daOceans
It's no coincidence that Facebook's Zuckerberg met with a Saudi prince just prior to the Obama surrender of the Internet.
The US defended the ideals of free speech on the Internet.

Muslim nations will demand a UN ban on the criticism of Islam.
Muslim nations are demanding the blasphemy laws of Islam be embraced at the UN.

Will Hillary Clinton defend free speech?
can't the house and senate stop him?
It will be like World Cup or Olympics--total corruption.
The congress MUST stop thid debacle  !!
So much for cyber security, no need for the traitor Snowden to f the world
Can we stop him?
censored by 'their' agenda which we all know isn't working out that well. #ICANN #USA #STAYFree
@LydiaPotter76 just look at the #EU where ppl are being jailed for opinions they make on FB. OPINIONS!
@tonyagdallas can't TRUMP when President can rescind this too right?
It is "my" understanding that the #POTUS can do anything one wants! #ExecutivePen #MoneyTreeBehindWhiteHouse
That's what he believes for sure.
control is why Obama wants to transfer it
Agree
Uh, John...that's not an unintended consequence, that's his plan. Control info (will to resist) and guns (means to resist)
@fitethegoodfite. This is the inroad to controlling many things, none of them good.
Try 2 years.
this has to be stopped
@Mike_Beacham Wait....what, I'm paying for the internet now....damn it!
I give it 3 years, but you know better than I
@Mike_Beacham Great! Only progressive views allowed.
that's what the forces of evil want
@Mike_Beacham So that they the democ-rats can continue manipulating people for their dictatorship.
Can someone start up a new internet?
You mean like we already are? on everything else? Personally I dont need an international web, we need a US only option
Oh please, your party wants to end #NetNeutrality don't act you give a shit. You don't have a clue. #iraq #tlot
I personally don't need internet and by the way internet is not free I pay a lot for it who gets free internet?
@cleetuspoone didn't know anyone had control of the interweb...
@erotao They'll start the first year.
sort of like our media? I realize this is serious though.
& some current members of Congress already don't want "we the people" to criticize what they do AKA free speech
To whom, specifically, are you referring to?
NOT ONLY THAT BUT FREEDOM OF SPEECH IS NO MORE@heifer109
And will be somehow linked to the #PalestinianQuestion
In other words, Completely Liberal.
just one more "fundamental transformation" we can lay at his door.
@ihatethemedia Uh...excuse me---ITS HAPPENING NOW!  please wake up!  
imagine the security concerns...
That's what the progressive want. The Internet is working against them and thier agenda.
I think that is what he wants. The information can really be skewed to the left then. No chance to hear the other side. CNN.
JB for president
unless it is stopped
anything Obama does... we can undo... as long as we beat Hillary.
.@AmbJohnBolton How about this has been shown to be NOT TRUE.
http://www.politifact.com/texas/statements/2016/sep/14/ted-cruz/ted-cruz-incorrect-about-obama-giving-control-inte/ …
I thinks that's a wishful thinking timeline. International taxing? Instantaneous.
..I don't think it will take that long Mr. Amb.
If course! Obama is the worst POTUS in 80 years and it will only get worse in remaining 4 months.
We need to start a new one!
it's not free now
The massacre of Indians neighborhood Hodeidah Yemen
@Sassafras_Knob we can always go back to old ways no internet
Very accurate. The UN already influences ICANN with the GAC. Many interests at play
Then....we (U.S.) will have to go to the "American Intranet"
@zstov7 @jxstovik  I would have supported Red Eye's president for US presidency
maybe it will just go out of business? I know I will go back to just having a regular landline. Not going to participate
All foreign members on these boards began as guests on them...THEY REMAIN SO
o wants to give away all we have -- piece by piece. Nothing is too big to go. Will be glad when o is gone.
how do we stop him
Trust not your leader.
10 yrs? I give it less than 1 yr
how stupid are we
already a movement for worldwide Internet access. Industrialized nations will subsidize the cost.
I agree John, At this point what can We Deplorables do beside call Idiots in Congress?
as king of the UN, he plans to increase his control.
.@AmbJohnBolton LMAO! Says Bolton, who is a critic of the #UN and #Trump supporter.
There are ways to create secure subnets outside the influence of others. They have existed for almost 35 years. :)
.The secure sub nets are what we should have anyway, secure from Government controll.
try 5.
How do "we the people" stop him? I write my Congressman... doesn't work.
you would give it that long?
I just want to know how to stop him.
It will replaced before then.
