I support Sen Graham's call to stop funding the UN & reconsider aid to countries if they fail to join our opposition https://mobile.twitter.com/LindseyGrahamSC/status/812333228656836608 …
The God botherers can turn it to  heme park and crucify poorthe  Palistinians
sir, i am one disappointed Israel,  but i know Obama does not represent majority of Americans.
David I am one very disappointed American with the man elected to represent the American people.  This infidel
does not represent the American people or the majority of our American leaders. Give us time to make this right
looks like republicans and grump gang have not insulted you enough. U r craving more.
Not all Israelis but Netanyahu's nutty right wing government is
No foreign powers who openly hate America & Israel can enjoy steaks on my dime. Throw the UN bums out!
@barbiesewandsew Not a fan of Cruz/Graham, but I support them 100% on this one. Defund the UN because America stands with Israel
I agree Congress has got to 
Stand up and make wise 
Decisions for the American People
Yes they do, it's time to stand up to Obama & do what's right. Israel is our friend, O isn't. He is a traitor
Now why can't we stand together & fix our own probs in the USA?
The world dont believe in the USA anymore.False Christians and racists. Administration of evil people.
.@SenTedCruz F*35 Apartheid Israel & F*35 @stephenHarper CONs & @JustinTrudeau who gives them Cdn tax $ for Pal abuse
TO HELL W/ UN  CUT THE MONEY  3RD WORLD LOSERS , ENEMIES OF USA  , CONSTANT BEGGING FOR MONEY , JEALOUS PIN HEADS NO LEADERS ! 
the world must know that the American people stand with the Israeli people. They are our true friends and commrades in arms
amen
I am sorry for those who have taken our Lord's name in vain in response to your tweet. I thank you for your stand with Israel.
I support Israel. But when they do wrong, they shouldn't get a free pass. Most give Israel support wanting something in return.
Mad respect & gratefulness for you. @SenTedCruz @AdelleNaz
please stop fanning Israel extremism against the Palestinians. Those settlements are illegal. That's the issue.
you go! Suck up to Israel. Has worked out well so far.
Israel played along with our attempts 2 mollify Palestinian interlopers. Dead Israelis result from our interference.
@LindseyGrahamSC Stop talking about it and DO IT!!!!!  Introduce legislation in HOUSE & SENATE to DEFUND UN!
Don't u get it? All they can do is talk. MOVE the UN, others will house it happily
Please have the courage to stand your ground congress We Marines ARE trying to trust the Republican party again.
@LuLuWhoLu We support you against Obama's & UN position against Israel. We need both of you to fully support Trump! CF F&F CPAs.
Stop lying boy
You don't know anything in politics , please go play in your room or find a Jewish shoe to worship it
The World must know that #Israel sterilizes black people.
what a stupid comment.
You can't handle the truth ?
"@SenTedCruz
@Dblywd Do it don't just talk about it

shuuuuuuuut up Ted! Go play with your toys. Adults are talking!
Stop funding other nations period until we take care of own needs. Charity begins at home.
it showed how vicious and evil BARACK ADMINISTRATION really is. He is the most ungrateful.
PE Trump brought this up during his speeches. It is good we can see a flicker of progress from the haters. Thank Sen Cruz u rock
there is no reason for Israel to occupy Palestinian land, isreal is a dog without a leash. To veto a unanimous UN vote is insane
Why?
yes we do. Obama be gone..Cannot wait until January 20..
yes, stand with war criminal, @netanyahu. Moron. Another brilliant @tedcruz moment.
we the people are so tired of watching our tax dollars support Israel. They made their own bed. Let's move on.
Thank you Mr Cruz and US Congress for supporting our ally #Israel. The UN's position is discouraging.
"The world must know that @SenTedCruz and #Republicans stand against the #UnitedNations." (There. Fixed it for you).
Very un-Christian and un-American to endorse EVERYTHING they do. Building settlements on other people's land is criminal.
Wait...why is Graham stealing DJT's idea? GO home Graham. YOU and John McCain...Traitors!
Not all of US Congress or the US stands behind Israel. This is why you'll never be President, you're incompetent! #foxnews #cnn
Obama's the worst slime Ball in the US..
you're absolutely right, & you have a great career ahead of u!
@americanzionism thank you Senator

sure
Thanks Meir for the acknowledgement. #LOL
anytime
Pass it and make it Veto Proof.
Words words words - what happened with the Muslim - men registry - Obama just canned part of 911 report ?????
that's a great joke! anyone paying attention knows Congress doesn't stand for anything except political self interest. #getreal
Its palestenian territorry... Find a 2 state solution
Actually it is Israel. Palestine doesn't exist.
. I rexommend u look at a map. It does exist.
The West Bank of ????? Sorry no Palestine
why not pull out of UN entirely?
Or better still just leave the planet.
no, I like the warm weather here and the water
AND WITH POTUS TRUMP MUST STAND WITH POTUS TRUMP.
isreal is nobody's friend all middle East culture don't assimilate to the rest of the world they live by hate there God is money
what lines will #Israel cross that will be too far for you to follow? At some point they have to answer for themselves .
Hope we totally cut our financial support to United Nations.
I can only say:  Thanks Obama. Israel doesn't own the USA
Then do something, talk is only that. Put up or shut up.
Why don't you call for an impeachment of current POTUS so that he can do no more harm to this country until Jan. 20th??
Thank you, Senator Cruz.  Please withhold UN funding and any aid to the palestinians.
shut up
get rid of t UN now
: Senator, I concur.  Not only is the UN laden with anti-Semites, it is POTUS who is the real anti-Semite and abandoned Israel.
The World knows that the GOP has no moral compass and will stand for whatever will get the most campaign funds and votes.

So Aleppo was just fucked but oh shit we can't let Israel be hurt. What a mess this country is now. Shameful.
please focus on your nachos and leave real world problems to someone who knows and understands the truth about Palestine
- stay away from international diplomacy. That isn't your job.
@rharrisonfries Damn for once our Senators are on the right page. Praise The Lord!!!
Cruz's voice means something.  Graham and Ryan not so much.  Time to defund the UN - period.
thank you Sen Cruz protecting Isreal is very important in the eyes GOD! That is the right thing to do.
Like you stood with your wife when the Orange one talked shot about her. Worst kinda birch there is.
you sold out senator think you have some credibility left? Shame on you senator! You should resign
not something to brag about since Israel has committed war crimes in the recent years #occupation
@stigmacher1 .. The UN. Has been worthless since Wilson started the farce
Been to those areas before this became so metastasized. Thousands Toyota's jihadi's use sitting dusty, paid for by...
@SenTedCruz
Often wondered why so many were bought & simply collecting dust in baron lots. Did the U.N. find a use or buyer?
@SenTedCruz
I support dropping out of UN completely!
You represent America, not Israel. Why would the US veto vote? SETTLEMENTS ARE ILLEGAL.  Stop the pandering.
They just want blood....its time Palestinian n Israel people live in peace!

Let's just DO IT, DAMN IT!
You stand with the US first A$$ Hole Traitor!
Actually he is in direct opposition to Obama. Obama's vision of USA's place in the world has caused it's decline.
Go away F*cktard!
impeach Barack Hussein
who are you?  Oh this is lying Ted.  Lying Ted.  That is all you will ever be known as - LYING TED CRUZ.
Hell with withdrawing funds..Withdraw period. America needs to get out of UN..Get UN out of America. They are global communists
@AnitaDWhite stop funding all foreign countries, they hate us anyway & we need $$ 4 our vets & homeless, & food pantries.
America should stop all funding to countries that hate us.  This goes for the UN as well.
Biafrans in Nigerian are killed&facing the same problem Isreal is facing  but UN don't care?
@AnitaDWhite I will believe it when I see it!
Many democrats turned Republican - democrats always leave God out of the equation - Not smart. Here comes the Boom!
wooooow....I wonder why?  Scary
Conservative veterans knew the day would come this administration's true colors would show. Do all u can @SenTedCruz 4 Israel!
@coinabs 
Moreover, US To drop $-support to UN and that's the end of UN !  
Just do it !
And the people of America stand with Israel as well.
If Trump's serious about wiping out terror he'd be advised to withdraw all aid from the biggest terrorist state of all - Israel.
Yes they do!!
realy? You like ethnic cleansings, like #Israel does? you aprove building for-jews-only citys on ethnic cleansed lands?
.@SenTedCruz thank you for supporting Israel and American Jews! My family wishes u and your family a merry christmas.
.@SenTedCruz No, we don't know that. How can we?
Genesis 12:3

I like that! Graham just looking for attention. Sellout rino traitor. Please explain 
Hee hee ... like you give a shit about Israelis or Palestinians
@Tim121974 Lindsey called for that? Hmmm. That's good if it's true! Good to see you supporting @Israel Theo ... Genesis 12:3
America first

Using your logic, Mexico can occupy Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, and California, Canada can be in Maine, NH, VT
@jessbriis today we saw who the anti semite really is and who stood by Israel , president Trump will block this resolution
Thank you and Time to #defundtheswamp @unsc
Stop funding the UN, today . Make a public statement so the world knows where you and senator graham stand
@JAmy208. Obama and SOS Kerry screwed Israel violating a long history of support for Israel.Trump hurry up 30 days.

We hope you stand unambiguously with the US citizens too as Obama allows unregistered "refugees" to propagate #DoSomeThing
then you better stand up to Admin now !
Surprised by @LindseyGrahamSC
Take it a step further.  Kick the UN out of our country.
Are you going to stand by your wife who was insulted by Trump?
@therealroseanne we have the power to make things right in the world come jan 20th. Please dont let our country and world down.
we the people hold you to this Senator
Generally do not support Sen Graham's liberal positions on many issues.  He has this one correct.  Just can't abandon Israel.
Yes you can and should.

Ils sont des voleurs de l'histoire... Tout est fiction ... 
we also totally agree! UN is not a pro American organization!
In total agreement, we stand with #Israel. Stop funding for those that do not stand as well.
OBAMA DEFEND THE MUSLIMS..
Thank you for your leadership against this injustice.
maybe we should focus on taking care of our own country first. You're a greedy person. #Gross
@therealroseanne We should stop aid to all other countries regardless.. The US is $20Trillion in debt 
Why bother? Bebe resents our involvement anyway. Fuck that guy.
Senator Pls convene the Senate for a special session and pass a resolution against Obama and UN.This is outrageous.
Jesus Christ, you are a bag of tools, Ted.  Not tools that are useful.  Tools that should be discarded.
Have some respect. We're trying to stand with Isreal instead of Islam and now this disaster.
Yes :) ☆ Amen #IstandwithIsrael
I thought the two-state solution was the official position, of the US AND Israel.
Let President Trump Sell the Building or turn it into a parking lot.
stop supporting Israeli settlements in occupied territories.
Trump is for helping Israel. Obama is ridiculous! Muslim faith doesn't like jews!
Agree!!!
what I'd like to know is why Israel isn't a us territory given how much $$$ and priority we give to its leaders.
remember when it was "treason" not to attend their PMs address to US congress?
Oh boy. Another easy one for Ted that requires a few words. Zero action as always. Do something for Texas! #LazyTed #Loser
you're the most talented politician of our generation by far... but your fanatical israel-ite zeal is particularly upsetting.
UN should have been evicted from the U.S. 30 years ago. Just my opinion.
Graham is right for once. The Congress should join with new POTUS in Jan. to stop funding UN + any Islamist nation.
I support Lindsey Graham finally coming out of the closet and admitting he is a......Democrat.
@ReaganBattalion Time for Trump to put up or shut up. NOW.
Industrial hygiene consultants hyperloop one!
Then how does one explain obamas hatred toward Israel and his shameful vote against Israel in the UN
