@DonaldJTrumpJr
we are in prayer everyday for Israel. Current Administration does not speak for Americans. Please know we are with you and 
zionists are the new nazis. You should be ashamed! There are christian zionists too so u r no victim as jews. U r all terrorists!

Here's what to do with the bloated and feckless UN. Pull the plug turn out the lights & send everyone home. Turn into Veterans housing
@cnni wonderful idea.
Thanks much appreciated
Kerry is disgrace the enemy of Israel from day 1
dems hate Jews we get it
Dems hate SUPREMACISTS.....that about covers it...but just to educate you further...
dems created the supremacist
ahhh yes, like Obama created ISIS...up is down  left is right   in is out  
go away
Who's the Anti-Semitic Hitler now? Hypocrites!!! @netanyahu

I wish I'm alive and able to see God take revenge on all them against Israel. Woooo Weeeee Amen
"and to wait for His Son from heaven, whom He raised from the dead, that is Jesus, who rescues us from the wrath to come."
Yes like any day now Yipeee  :)
Truth is Obama, Kerry & other radicals in USA hate the west and see USA as imperial nation and want Muslim world stronger.
We Americans love America. It is Obama and liberal apologists and Muslims who hate America.
Poor use of logic. Trump does not love Putin and even if he did, loving Trump does not mean I agree with him on everything.
You believe liberal biased press. I am sure you also would believe Hillary lost the election to aliens of press said that. HA
Don't recall Trumo saying or tweeting he loves Putin. That is something sore loser Democratic media is spinning
@DonaldJTrumpJr Trump will makr this right  less than 24 days.
@DonaldJTrumpJr I am very saddened what our country and the U.N. did to Israel.  Lord watch over Israel!
butthurt much?
I applaud you're pulling the vote on more housing today. I think you should lay low until January 20.
The majority of American Jews do not stand behind you, Netanyahu.
Because I am Jewish. My family is Jewish, and I have many friends across the country that are Jewish...
well i have many jewish friends that support BN
Great. That's why I said the MAJORITY do not instead of all, source: polls.
I'm a proud American, but I distance myself from Obama and his idiot John Kerry. President Trump will strengthen our Israeli ties
ya because 500,000 illegal settlers displacing natives is not a violation of international law?
your comment identifies you as a liberal. 500,00? Your thoughts on 12 million illegal settlers in the US?  Sanctuary?
let me remind you also the majority of isreali people are against illegal settlements
The alliance between US and Israel is greater than any one presidency.  The Donald will no dowbt be more  to your liking.

Israeli Soldiers abuse & assault a disabled Palestinian and then shoot people who come to help him 
Wonderful response to #Kerry & @POTUS who each disrespect America & Israel. Know that America & @realDonaldTrump supports Israel!

So what!  There isn't a prez, prime minister, leader that doesn't have shit thrown at them.  Go Isreal!Go Netanyahu!
If you spent even a minute doing research on Israel rather than listening to spin you would know how to spell ISRAEL.
But I guess that's never happened to you. BS!  And oh, I know exactly what the Bible says regarding Israel.  Do you?
I don't give a rat's ass what the Bible says when it comes to geopolitics.
And when the Lord returns for judgement day, it will be in the land of ISRAEL!
oh I'm scared! I'm scared!
You will be on judgement day if ur not saved & that's sad.
you're a tyrant and I hope you get prosecuted. The great people of Israel will be better off without you.
I support Israel!
@DonaldJTrumpJr. Left can throw nothing at President Trump, his team, and we the people that can't be resolved. Freedom is here
.@netanyahu USA respects human rights too. That entitles us to build all over Area C, right? We'll put a Dallas Cowboys stadium there
Touché
@DonaldJTrumpJr does peace in Middle East to you both mean the total destruction and elimination of Islam and the Arab world?
The True Ameican People Love ISRAEL...We Are Many🕆
A. Illegal settlement development harms the peace process B. You are under criminal investigation @netanyahu https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/dec/28/israel-attorney-general-orders-criminal-probe-benjamin-netanyahu … #Israel
seriously? There is no such person's as the Palestinians. Palestinians are from Jordan. Send them home!
You will never, ever, know a moment's peace, thief.
Other way around. Israel liberated West Bank. Not opposed to give Palestinians money to move to Jordan/Egypt.
We just gave Israel 38 billion dollars.
How about we give them
Wyoming instead, next year?
Or Texas?
Those states are great and better than West Bank terrorist backward swamp.
The children of Abraham are such a wicked lot.
They prey upon each other, as flies upon a corpse.
And Christian Church and Christians have been nothing but peace loving.U were sick the day ur school taught History
Tell it to the Dark Ages, bro.
The internet isn't a turnip truck.
Absolutely no idea what you mean. Get off drugs. If you think Christians are peaceful you have been high too long .
@zoeziz
omg love this ha
You have acted improperly toward our President & Sec of State & YES you need to be lectured on peace since you are not listening.
from the wise one here with 0 followers? & don't even try to call me any names or spew your liberal BS ~ you won't win @marian807
deplorable!
@tedcruz ..Kerry is s trader ...I would like to come to you country...for a visit someday

Majority of Jewish Americans are not though. Only uneducated Americans are.
Considering Israel spend millions paying for American Jews to come to Israel, to help gain support for Israel /1

hey Christians, Israel is our Holy Land too! WAKE UP BECAUSE WE'RE AT WAR BECAUSE OF ISIS!!!
Where at war with Islam. Thanks 4 the support as a Jew but it's was the Israelites home before the Muslim or Christian. It's our land first
Israel belongs to the Jews under "The Covenant" with the God of Abraham. Jesus was a Jew too.
it's why Christians feel a tie to Israel. Because of Jesus! It's your land! OK?
Kerry headed to Paris france.  Palestine and Israel not invited Obama and him Kerry and Powers part of Union going to use srain v
it's almost over.  @BarackObama is a jerk and he is getting in all of his hateful jabs.  America respects you, #Obama does not!
You are a Traitor!
you are a nut!
I don't know how you could stand dealing with Kerry all these years. He has always been a disgrace to the U.S.
I served my country for eleven years, while you probably cried for a "safe space."
@WeThePeopleFor #IStandWithIsrael  #NOTokay it's obamanation @realDonaldTrump MyPresident will fight for #AmericaFirst 
I'm sure you'd have preferred this? Get over it snowflake. You lost.
Majority of Americans live and appreciate all  does especially in combatting Muslim findamentalism. Obama is a joke to us 
Obama & Kerry are very wrong.  I stand with Israel as do most Americans.
So you stand with terrorists. I don't believe you're in the majority of Americans.
You're not educated. You're brainwashed. Jews, Christians, Muslims freely vote & worship in Israel. Pales. attacks.
You can have a hundred degrees & be brainwashed by anti-Semitic bias. Which you seem to be. Israel must defend.
flashback 2008 December... I vividly recall this statement. 'We're going to mow the lawn' . Bibi to gwb I think... ?
I hope there is peace
We  you - we stand with Israel forever #God Bless You now & always! 
Americans back Israel Shabbat Shalom!
Isaiah 5:20 @netanyahu
I don't read war novels @veriphile @netanyahu
Fine.  But have you ever read the Bible? ;) @netanyahu
I went to Catholic grade school and high school. YES. I reject the constant emphasis on WAR @veriphile @netanyahu
You missed the message.  WAR is of men (man).  Peace comes from the Creator and Author of Law...  @netanyahu
Well, Israel sure likes war and killing @veriphile @netanyahu
Not at all true.  Israel must defend her people against those who wish to annihilate them. @netanyahu
to do 70 nation treaty to destroy Israel's land grant from GOD. The have.no need to liv
so sorry for this. Most Americans don't feel this way, we strive for peace as well.
well Clinton the pervert wasn't impeached! In fact Hillary attacked the women that spoke up....Hypocrite

Thank God 4 @realDonaldTrump & the end of a FAILED unfit amateur @POTUS no world leader respects. LEGACY ends 1/20/17!
Are you sure about that cos that assumption couldn't be further from the truth?!
Bibi, you don't even have to respond to that crazy maniac!Trump is USA choice for a reason!
Please know that Americans are appalled at Obama's actions, and we cannot  wait for President Trump to take office!
I know. I only speak for Americans with honor and loyalty.
THE SCUM MADE IN JEW
Please know Sir that this is just Obama and his Muslim terrorist friends. The USA stands with Israel!
20 UN resolutions against Israel in 2016; 4 UN resolutions against anyone else. Leftist Israel haters in US are blind to reality.
I personally stand with Isreal just as much as I stand with America. I will take that to my grave
what person does this? behind #Trump's back blows up US relations with Israel and Russia...BO>terrorist
I am confident that after President Trump is sworn in, we will once again stand united with Israel, God's chosen people.
what the administration did to you sir, so unforgivable. Apologies to Israel
.@netanyahu Don't express gratitude now. Your past words and actions are entirely those of an ingrate. Simply decline further US aid.
Continuous, gradual, illegal, occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem, is no commitment to peace, it is erasing Palestine!
The UN does not speak for the people.  This is what Obama admin/UN have to look forward to : #IstandwithIsrael 
many Americans, myself included, have much love and respect for you sir, as well as all of Israel. Praying for peace in Israel!
I stand with Israel! The clowns in Washington do not speak for America! I pray GOD have mercy on our nation!
Bravo! Moving response. My Dad sent me "A Durable Peace" when I was 19 & I've admired u ever since! 
we support Israel even if our President doesn't
@SheriffClarke obama is insane and the majority of the USA stands with Israel.
Who are your #Isreali spies you have in our #UnitedStatesOfAmerica  government here in #America . They should be prosecuted.
BREAKING: #Israel's attorney general orders criminal investigation against PM @Netanyahu - Israeli TV channel
#StandWithIsrael Just hold on for 25 more days.  Things will be better then.
I stand with u sir. I'm a American but I agree with you
TRULY God is good to Isreal,  even to such as are of a clean heart-Ps 73:1. Forgive them @POTUS @JohnKerry.../ @realDonaldTrump
I never voted Obama. I knew his foreign policies were corrupted. Hopefully change will happen with the @realDonaldTrump
KERRY DOES NOT REPRESENT THE PATRIOTIC AMERICANS THAT ELECTED MR. TRUMP AND MR. PENCE.  WE STAND WITH YOU.
Mr. Prime Minister, very appropriate response; & you said some things that were long overdue. WE the people(USA) stand w/Israel!
I read Kerry's statements and they seem pretty balanced. Mentioned terrorism, not just settlements #politics #israel #palestine
a truthful response to what was a cold hearted betrayal by @BarackObama - however he never really was a friend of Israel
John Kerry is goyim to the fullest degree...God save Israel from the heathen nations that surround your people.. Maranatha
@DonaldJTrumpJr No more US money Bibi! Entitlement over!
hang in there Sir, President Trump is on the way. Obama is alone in his feelings toward Israel. Real Americans feel very differnt
Would have been my response, too, except with a lot of really foul language.
i stand behind u
Biafra nation is with Israel 1000 percent. Obama and John Terry has failed.
תזדיין
@SheriffClarke John Kerry is a weak puppet. No wonder he lost in 2004. He flip flopped and damaged USA foreign policy. #maga
PLEASE don't read his book. trump is a fraud trump will lie to you
kery is a jerk and i can't wait for this obama admin to get out of office so the American gov can stop hurting the Iraeli relatio
Mr PM of Israel- I am deeply offended by your actions- America does not support your one party state- it is not a democracy-
We Christian Conservatives support you and we support the state of Israel. The Obama administration does not speak for us.
we are with you Israel.  @realDonaldTrump can't Jan 20th get here any sooner 
WOW. @netanyahu "We have it on absolutely incontestable evidence that the US organized, advanced and brought this resolution" @riwired
Perfect response to Kerry. America stands with you and Israel
Prayers for you for strength and courage and Peace for Israel.   Be careful, you might get a POTUS 'cut it out' warning!
There are a lot of non Jewish US citizens who back Israel on this issue, good riddance to Obama's utopian minded regime!
Respectfully to both sides of this argument....there is a third side.  It is called the Bible.  His people forever!
RT Thank you to stand for Israel.
@sheriffclarke USA agrees with you SIR.JAN20LEADERSHIP arriving D.C. our TRUEPATRIOT TRUMP will protect &defend ISREAL
so sorry and ashamed. God is with you and your Nation. If God be For you who can be against you. Certainly not Obama and his ilk

#IStandWithIsrael
How Jews Killed Jews In Order To Create The State Of Israel
http://zaprasza.net/a.php?article_id=31867 …
https://youtu.be/bRaRf4dMvhw 
So sorry for 72 mins of ignorance from doofus. US people as a majority r with Israel.
stay strong 
Mr. Prime Minister, all G*D fearing people is grieving this anti Semitism.  Trump & new congress will turn it around. Jos 1:1-8
In English on twitter please.
Garbage as usual.
Bibi, Sir., Help US to implement programs to help bring the Israeli & American POPULATIONS closer together!
 .... @JohnKerry is such a #Libtard. #GodBlessIsrael #Jerusalem
I will bless those who bless you and whoever curses you I will curse and all peoples on earth will be blessed through youGen 12:3
Obama admin. is WRONG. The US. must stand with our friend Israel. The relationship between US. & Israel will become stronger 1-20
@ChuckNellis  response. 
Bibi, you are a fascist nut since you hooked up with this right wing coalition. I have been in these settlements.
Stay iron - the "real" America is 100% behind you.
#Hang in there, January 20th will fadt approach.
The American people are for Israel! Obama will be out soon!
@DonaldJTrumpJr Obama thinks he knows more about Israel than bibi ..no way!  Of course that's a deplorable opinion from Oklahoma!
Which will wear out first - Trump's knees or his lips as he's servicing both Netanyahu AND Putin?
yet you felt it was proper to lecture the American people before a special joint session of our congress....
Excellent response. I am American and I support you!!
@DonaldJTrumpJr we are with Israel! 23 more days. Happy New Year to you guys from Texas!
@ScarlettDear1 What a freaking disappointment Kerry is!  Really; dissing Israel?  I bet ur mothers proud; Not!
@DonaldJTrumpJr We The American people stand with Israel 
@Mike_Beacham not to worry @realDonaldTrump will be in office VERY soon! Obama & Kerry do not represent this Nation anymore!
These idiots like Kerry will soon be gone. Thank God Trump will stand by Israel.
@DonaldJTrumpJr Hanoi John is a disgrace! The Obama administration is a friend of the Arab nations only not Israel
@SenTedCruz Bros, re-read and re-view. U missed the point.

John Kerry and Obama are on their way out! Thank the GOOD LORD! Soros is next to go! Would love to hand deliver them to Putin LOL
What would the US do without Israel?
John Kerry.....You're FIRED! 
@therealroseanne. In the bible, when did Gid ever tell the children of Israel to invite the Philistines into the Promised Land?
As President Elect Trump said, "Stay Strong Israel!" Undoubtedly, help is on the way sir.
Kerry is a dildo
I apologize for the mistakes made 8 /4 years ago. We took the proper steps to correct that this this year. #IStandWithIsrael

@DonaldJTrumpJr
@SheriffClarke 
ISRAEL
you have many retweets. So much support from USA. We all support Israel & don't understand why Obama is a jerk. I never liked him
U continue to take  for granted. It's sad. U don't want peace but continue to play politics. Stop the settlement & live in 
I truly believe Obama is a true muslim and was planning this move for a very long time.  Makes me very ashamed as an American.
@brianlilley I stand with Israel. Happy  New Year.
@SheriffClarke you sir, have to respect the democratic process in the US! Your approach undermines and creates confusion!
Palestine deserves just like israel the chance to function without fear and oppression, we are all people #TwoStateSolution
@DonaldJTrumpJr Kerry is a traitorous coward! He was a coward in Vietnam & he is now a Heinz 57 Globalist traitor to America!
American people want Obama and his administration gone. We do not agree with what they are doing. We must stand with Israel!
you're corrupt and a wanna be dictator.  Were the bribes you take in US military aid not enough? http://www.thedailybeast.com/cheats/2016/12/28/report-criminal-probe-of-benjamin-netanyahu-launched.html?via=mobile&source=copyurl …
if you have proof, show it now. No games.
We trust more of what the PM of Israel tells us than our own POTUS... ...go figure.
stay strong Israel, Trump is on the way, USA+Israel =peace and democracy
we stand with you. In a few more days things will change God willing.
-I see no tweet,just a ad to join some ridiculous thing. Tweet like Mr Trump does. No bullsh*t tweets on here please !
@PatrickJLavin  No worries, after January 20, things will change.
Obama and Kerry don't represent American values. They're gone in a few weeks. True Americans are with you.
America Stands AGAINST TRAITOR OBAMA!!
@DonaldJTrumpJr  #istandwithIsrael
God bless you dear sir! We love Israel. He loves hus ppl! Bless Isreal forever. Thank God for his blessings all his holy bride
kus omak w moot ya ibn sharmoota
The Lord said He will bless them tht bless U,& who come against u the same He will do 2 them!!,He gave The land 2U!!,follow Him.
