Washington rulers could maybe rule a tad more effectively if they had less wealth and they gave more to the people.
Less wealth? Yes! Agreed! Especially from backroom 'deals'. Gave more to ppl? NO. Stop stealing from the ppl!
I'm partly convinced that the fundie religion is so strong in the U.S because you lack the social services..
I am curious as to what 'social services' you think Christians were lacking. Or was that directed at me alone/4
The social services that comprise the safety net for an individual. Universal healthcare, unemployment benefits.
Big surprise! Those have always been available to all who needed them. Conservatives rarely did need them.
Only for money in the U.S, not like here. @SenTedCruz
Where is here?
Batista ...before Fidel ...was no angel either
Um yeah, he knows that better than you. Who do you think his dad & aunt was fighting? Went to jail for it. Good Grief
Batista is a large part of the story that seeems to get ignored because it doesn't fit the narrative
But Cruz doesn't ignore it. Many have heard of it from he and his family. Right now though, the subject is Castro.
the history of Batista is very much ingored..unless you can post an article...ANY article to the contrary
These men started out as heroes fighting for freedom. But in the end became dictators suppressing the people.
and exactly who is Cruz?...who are you?...more importantly who is America? To speakbif suppressing it's people?
Who are you to be questioning us? You're a Batista loving troll just out looking for a fight. Not happening. Bye.
yet a more dangerous man is about to become the most powerful man in the world. May as well have elected Castro as our new POTUS
I'm a #NeverTrump but to make a statement like that shows your lack of knowledge. Dictators & communism=death. Educate.
"Dictators & communism=death" whoah! You blow my mind with your knowledge. Thank you genius!
You edit, my tweet in order to mock me? How deceitful. But not entirely unexpected.
sorry you can't see the man for who he really is. He's dangerous to our Constitution, our country and the world.
I know who DT is, don't like him, didn't vote for him. But I'm not a drama queen. He's no where near Castro the inhuman.
for the sake of our country and the world I really hope you are right.
You have to read the whole man, not just his bluster. And I have been for two decades. I think he's already a bit bored.
the right think #communism is the same thing as #socialism. And that #socialism is #fascism. So you know, stop talking.
welp, guess they slept through government class in high school!  "I love the poorly educated" -Donald Trump
oh shut up! Look at millions of people who truly mourn their leader! Will you receive such farewell? I bet not.
you have to be extremely ignorant to believe a country were people risk their lives to escape is ran by fair & just dictators
He doesn't.
I was referring to the current POTUS @SenTedCruz is one of few good people we have in congress I still have hope #Cruz2020
I agree.
nhyh
@Bwdreyer Their greatest achievement is to survive near America.
yea, where oppressed ppl break the law to get to. @SenTedCruz
Sheltering them a decoy to expansionism.
expanding freedom.
Deception
wrong.why do you lie?
you are last hope for the United States constitution. Be our watch dog. You are my hero. Wished you were our president god bless
@gipperguy He speaks the truth without fear. Just like Reagan with his evil empire comment.
I helped fight the tail end of the Cold War.  There is nothing remotely appealing to Socialism.  Get rid of it!
This is only true if you falsely conflate the terms #communism and #socialism to drive willful ignorance to uninformed outrage.
ok mr canada
It doesn't. Because U get to complain about Cruz here, U couldn't complain about Castro if U were in Cuba.
Didn't @SenTedCruz Dad have Kennedy killed? Sorry if I am wrong, I get my news from @realDonaldTrump and @BreitbartNews
years of embargo did not change anything its time to open doors have an open mind n  look for a change using diplomacy!
WTF Are talking about! You are delusional and clearly in need of psychiatric care!
He of all people knows exactly what he's talking about. You never did learn anything about him.Go stnd N the corner
Another boo-hoo from a descendant of the losing side of the Cuban civil war. 
#Havanawhine
You think the people of Cuba won with Castro as a leader?
So many leaving other countries to live in Cuba! This Artist wishes he could get out? http://www.miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/world/americas/fidel-castro-en/article117981758.html …
The right thinks taking healthcare from 20 million people is about equality. Face it Teddy Munster, you don't know communism.
No. Govco thinks denying choice and confiscating more from taxpayer's sweaty paychecks is equality.
SO you are pro-choice? You know Teddy and all the Cuban exiles aren't? They're ok with making choices for you.
@lambandflag99 multiple contradictions in one utterance. Almost qualified for UK Gov!
freedom without having to earn it is just like welfare. The free house is ignored until it falls down.
just ask a Cuban #communism
Who thinks communism is equality? Certainly no one I know on the left.
A generalization that is not remotely true. #false
The majority of left-leaning people don't give a crap about communism. You're grossly confusing it with decent social policies.
He understands progressive ideology. He fights against it for his constituents each day.
the left? You paint with broad strokes Lyin Ted
Go grovel to Trump for a job Lyin Ted
bonsoir
The exact same thing could be said about the Washington elite lifestyle. My country rulers are not millionaires.
go back to your country then!
I am IN my country, internet is global.
love you Cruz.
I now consider Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sander, Barrack Obama to be communist.
But fascism is ok
Straight from Socialist, Marxist, Leninist Commie Playbook. All opposition who desire personal autonomy R 'Fascist'.
lol
@ReaganBattalion - Bull pucky. 99% of the left wants nothing to do with communism.
You're thinking of the word communism. Left is selling the substance & that's what they're buying
- No, it's not communism in the least. At most, it's a hybrid of capitalism and socialism.
If the progressive elite can push through their socialist measures, they won't need capitalism.
- What do you base this assertion on?
you're completely clueless about the left.  Typical partisan hack who doesn't know how to work across the aisle.
Obama. Least compromising POTUS in US history. And Democrats didn't compromise for the past 8 years.
nothing to compromise with when the opposition says their no. 1 goal is to make Obama a one termer.
What we did for 57 years no workie. Can't help them change by not talking to them.  When are you boneheads going to get that?
You can't compromise with dictators.
So you would have been against the nuclear test ban treaty cuz USSR had a dictator?  Brilliant.
@GeorgeWept Like the suffering and misery caused by listening to your speechs?
You just compared listening to a speech from a Senator to the suffering of the Cuban people. Think about it
No. I didn't. But if that's how you want to interpret it, it's a free country.
Your words were quite clear liking your suffering his speeches in response to his of the Cuban people.
Interpret it however you want. If you wish to be offended, nothing I can say will change your mind.
In your haste to insult our fine Senator, perhaps your 'suffering' could have been worded differently.
Perhaps you can drop it.

And in some people's eyes, he is not a fine senator.

Thanks.
Done! Bye.
He's right, and it's in the DNC and has been there for years. The American people have finally work up. Let's hope they stay
why r you telling us this? I've never heard anyone say communism is about equality.
wrong as usual
In Communism, "All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others" -Orwell
#bullshit
# the whole country of Cuba could be suffering from Stockholm Syndrome!!!
you r correct help Colombia's people from Santos/FARC they will do the same Castro w Cuba we don't want socialism communism
. Im pretty sure you know all about it fake cuban(canadian, american,republican fake!!!
says the Canadian...
where do I find this whole speech
Cuban free healthcare and free education for doctors... You can't mention that @SenTedCruz @Bwdreyer
@lynn_weiser Plus under Communism you have machine guns keeping you from leaving if you don't like it.
@pamellalala : same can be said about your globalism Ted
The biggest liar in the world is #Communism because it can never work. That's the reason why they need to control information.
Fully agree with you.  Cubans have suffered  for 57 years a tyrant that murdered thousands of persons and incarcerated others.
Well said Senator. Happy you are my state Senator!
how could a man who understands so little, say so much. Hey Ted. Have you ever heard the term to each their own. I guess not
√
Reminded of Hayek quote "you can have egalitarian society only if everyone is poor"
Oh Ask Obama About That He Knows Em Better
oh shut up! Look at millions of people who truly mourn their leader! Will you receive such farewell? I bet not.
@ttunyi 
Equal misery for the masses.
Luxury for the ruling elite.
Equal outcome vs. Equal opportunity.
#SocialismSucks
Communism is so, last Century.  Stop demagogue ing the past. Nobody thinks like that, today; That's GOP Old School propaganda.
so how do you really feel about our admin awning represetatives to Cuba. Disgusting admin huh, yet never trump wanted HRC
@RestoreHistory really wish he was POTUS elect.
Some are so hateful they'd risk our country if it meant people who have it easy would be stripped down to their level
u should be supreme court  justice so smart
@GDLtothePDX correcto
people in communist countries live. It's easy to understand if you have common sense.
I learned all of this in elementary school. Including that communism is bad. But you can't hide that truth, just look at the way
when did the definitions of communism, socialism, capitalism, democracy, and freedom become confused?
@Texan2A Fidel had a personal net worth of nearly a billion dollars while 99% of the island lived in poverty. The Left liked it.
Fidel Castro was a horrible and tyrannical man and may he rot in hell.
@mrsjcjones Unless you're Fidel Castro, who was worth $900 million when he died.
You know it, brother. Oh, wait - your family really DOES know it.... #blushes  All the best :)
@omarbula Just so you know South Africa is not only going through White genocide but also changing to Cuban NDR Governance.
@omarbula Exactly Senator Cruz, Communism has failed over and over, yet some fools think their Communism will be better.
My Favorite Senator!
Those in power in Cuba do not suffer.
@GMSteveTrammell The powers who are pushing #communism are selling it to young people as equality / fairness. #CompletelyWrong !
And a small quasi-cartel in the lap of luxury keeping the masses in line
so we probably  shouldn't deal with any communist country...right?
.
George Orville "Animal Farm" satire on Communism,  "Some pigs are more equal than others..." BUT Fidel said he was a Socialist.
Socialism is the more subtle way to communism. But you get there in the end. Just through a different door.

Keep up the good work Senator
@Don_Vito_08 The left thinks someone owes them something. News Flash, we owe you MFs the same treatment you afford the unborn
@SCroixFreePress That'd be all communism...could've left off the Cuban 
too good..in a league of his own
Keep working on it Ted. You have a long way back.
Lol you wouldn't know what equality is. You are a fake fraudster. #LyingTed
Especially when the Castro's have amassed a fortune of 900 million dollars. Criminals!
@IsraelNewsLinks bc that's what obama wanted them to think.
And they all get 6 eggs a month.
zodiac
With the poverty and misery going on in "Democratic" U.S. you privilidged elitists should be the last to talk
In the US People aren't poor because someone else is rich.
I agree, people are poor in America cuz they are denied opportunities by the controling rich.
@ConservaCyborg I don't think fidel suffered at all. Nor would obama- democrat elite if they got their way.
.@paulbaja @SenTedCruz You should watch the video, not just read the tweet.
eh, I read the book. Why reinvent the wheel?
.@paulbaja @SenTedCruz ⇇said the same thing you did in the vid, couldn't put it all in a tweet.
...so I just saved myself x amount of minutes. That's a win for me.
.@paulbaja …and looked foolish for "correcting" @SenTedCruz for something he'd actually said. Congrats.
Wow, not to foolish if he's rehashing what we all already know...just saying.
.@paulbaja So you're rehashing what you say @SenTedCruz gratuitously rehashed in his speech… nice move. #RedundantlyGratuitous
And equal deprivation and oppression.
Just made up your own definition of #communism did ya Teddy? Nice try but #fail...
I  remember when #Russia was like that
They also think sidewalk chalk circles teleport them to "safe zones". They don't swim in the deep end of the logic pool.
like 12 people still defend communism...
you are so right. People need to wake up and open their eye's!
such a sad man..how does it feel to bow before heir Trump
@SeanAstin He is the one we need on the Supreme Court.
Everyone is equally miserable in Cuba.
@BarneyFranken says renowned Canadian, Ted Cruz
And they will never get it! I think the left should be named Stupid Liberals or Ignorant Liberals.  Because they are! #MAGA3X
@fairwitness8 / La evidencia es realidad y aun así ¡la niegan!
Not just Cuban communism.  Communism in all its hideous forms. Millions dead, but the left STILL lauds dictators. Insane.
their healthcare is equal to ours. Oh wait, it's not. It's better. My health is not a commodity, Schmuck.
No it's not. https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/27/fidel-castro-dictator-legacy-abuses …
@sunflowerwsnc Check out family wealth of Castros and Chavez!
Equality has nothing to do with the Four Freedoms. It is Europe's excuse for falling short of USA's Constitution.
Couldn't have said it better.
@ArchangelMagicx Equality?  Communism? Never put the two together.
Thank you for trying to educate others! You are so valuable in Senate.
hey ted did ur father really do it what Trump said? #jfkconspiracy.
very few people on the "left" think Communism brings equality.  That's saying the "right" thinks misogyny and Fascism is cool
In a way, I like the left wingers. They provide alot of comic relief which is needed today
wow did you really just call every democrat a lover of communism?  Really!  Really!  Your sad.


Amen Ted....  Amen.
As long as we have politicians like @SenTedCruz representing the people, we still have a chance to heal our great nation
So true. @SenTedCruz #TedCruz2018Leadership #TedCruz2020
how dare you lump everyone in one basket! Are all right/alt right racist? Your stereotypical comments is bad for AMERICA
You mean your elitist father suffered.  The peasants in Cuba are now educated and flourishing despite the embargo.
No they aren't. https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/27/fidel-castro-dictator-legacy-abuses …
I must be a FRIEND of every CITIZEN of this CIVILIZATION to REVERSE the CLIMATE CHANGE, please!
where can I get the link to this speech in its entirety?
You're nuts!
#resign #templeton
damn right, Ted. Keep fighting the good fight.
love you, Senator Cruz!
How do you REALLY feel there @SenTedCruz
Uh oh, Ted's lips are moving, hear the lies spill forth.

Communism in general good Senator.
lmfao cute you think you know how other people think, you couldn't be more wrong
He knows.

no, "the left" does not think that
not true. The Cuban elite are above it all just like the elite here, like yourself.
If you don't like a politician you don't vote for them. There are no dynasties in the US gvt.
The left doesn't think that
CUBAN STATE SPONSORED SLAVERY: Foreign entities REQUIRED to sub-contract labor & professionals from GOV monopoly.
SCOTUS is screaming for this man!
Just imagine the reaction of Marxist Democrats over THAT!
Hi Ted - We are counting on you to make sure we do not end up under a dictatorship.
Communism: a society in which the government produces everything & there is no privately owned property.  It stifles freedom!
would you prefer unequal suffering?
They are ignorant Ted, please continue to educate them.
When will you go back to fight for ICAN?
No. There is nothing equal about suppressing citizens, or allocating 8 lbs of chicken& a gal of rum a month to them.
Lmao so all the help to apartheid South Africa means nothing to you??
How pathetic
Huge leap there. Btw...been there lately? Confiscated farms failing, genocide …http://afrikaner-genocide-achives.blogspot.com/2010/01/police-jail-rapes-of-white-sa-men-is.html?m=1 …
That's true for communism period, not just Cuban communism.
