@Tab1791 miss her
She died at age 87 so probably not enjoying a very happy birthday.
A truly great lady. The trio of Pope John Paul II, Reagan & Thatcher was leadership at its finest.
These were civilized leaders with principals who worked tirelessly. Obama and Hillary are evil corrupt slobs.
I agree wholeheartedly!
You forgot the quote about Mandela being a terrorist
.@JusticeWillett @tedcruz oh lord she's not still alive is she!??
No, I can verify she isn't, I went to St Paul's when she died, just to be certain.
@mschlapp THERE'S 1 OF THE WORST PRESIDENTS N HISTORY! !
@tedcruz Francis bacon, john Locke, Montesquieu, newton.
@SenTedCruz She's been dead for over 3 years. She doesn't care.
@soozanderson4 The Iron Lady. One of my most admired world leaders. Too bad there is a dearth of leaders today.
@SenTedCruz Нам Подобает... и посмертно Оказывать... Уважение... Госпоже Баронессе Маргарет Хильда Тэтчер -
Remember when the adults were in charge? Good times.
April 8, 2013, the world lost one its most acclaimed leaders.  Margaret Thatcher.
Amen. Note that there was a 3rd triumvir (if Mrs T doesn't mind being a vir for a moment): JP2.
@whereswally77 If they are looking down , intercede with The Almighty on our behalf !!! Said the crazy Catholic
What a nice, intriguing tweet, @JusticeWillett, thought-provoking in a good way. Great quote by Thatcher.
@tedcruz Ronald Reagan would rollover in his grave over the GOP candidate!
@SenTedCruz И Прежде Всего Во Благо... Её Величества... Великобритании И США!
@SenTedCruz За Достойный... Вклад... В Историю... Международных Отношений со Всеми Странами Мира.
@SenTedCruz Премьер-Министру Великобритании И Почтение... Господину Рональд Уилсон Рейган - 40 Президенту США -
"The Iron Lady" is the most disappointing movie since my Dad filmed his shoes walking to a bus in Hawaii.
@SenTedCruz so true. Republics. Party will b at fault if trump doesn't win . Didn't back him. 4 yr I go independent
Would he have endorsed Trump if Trump insulted Nancy? You're a coward.
While republicans honour her, the British decapitate her statue.
Trump in #TrumpSpill Stage 4 "spill mechanics" @JusticeWillett & your tweet is RT'd by RESTART ready Cruz @tedcruz +VP Rubio @MarcoRubio! :)
Yes, and the actor began it's sad descent into oligarchy...
@tedcruz America created by Philosophy and being ruined by LIARS and Traitors. Will soon by run by Muslim faith. Thanks Hill
She, like Reagan, were so rare...so enjoyed...
@JayCostTWS lol. America was created by genocide.
You are right, thank you!  Although, I would add one more individual, to make it a trio:  Pope John Paul the II-nd ...
@tedcruz now is not the time to go weak in the knees
@tedcruz Not philosophy,  but politics, money, and the failure of others.
Dead people don't have birthdays - the point being you've not lived another year.
@tedcruz But which one is which? Powerful team.
Hated Thatcher and Reagan.Two evil people.
@tedcruz they still celebrate her death in the north of England. Ruined much of the industry in uk much like rust belt here.
@tedcruz  If only we had leaders like that in the world today.
@tedcruz - and destroyed by weasels that somehow think they're doing a good job by not doing their job.
YEAH !! DUH!!??
You do know she passed away in 2013...
@tedcruz 2 great leaders? Good lord reagan sold missles to iran to finance war in nicaragua. Should have been impeached.
@tedcruz who was which?
@tedcruz it's so embarrassing what's going on with the elections terrible terrible terrible
@tedcruz She is dead.
@tedcruz America was created by killing off the Indians and Spanish and a 2 WARS with Britain.
America was created by the blood sweat and tears of out colonial forefathers
And @realDonaldTrump was created by ignorance
@tedcruz
@Callisto1947 Best reforming Prime minister we ever had. 
@GayPatriot when did wishing dead people a happy birthday become a thing? @BruceWolfChi
@EWErickson How I miss the days when Thatcher and Reagan led the free world.  You knew they would do the right thing.
why do we keep counting years after someone has passed?? Liked the 
.@JusticeWillett @JayCostTWS She's confirming Hamilton's assertions in Federalist No. 1
...two of the greatest leaders the world has ever known...we desperately need them now! Happy birthday Madame Prime Minister
She was vindictive a politician as you'll ever find. Horrible woman.
She died in 2013 and was a terrible leader.
I would accept a deceased Margaret Thatcher over a comatose Hilary Rotten Clinton
That was the apotheosis of the post-war special relationship between US and Britain.
And destroyed by corruption.
"The lady's not for turning."
While certainly a Lady, her title was "Baroness Thatcher".
your honor, while it's the anniversary of her birth, she passed away in 2013
The GOP still sends out huge amounts of Happy Bday wishes via social media for Reagan. It's a WEIRD thing, but its a thing
Psssst...she's dead
....pssst...count...Legends never die!
