.@SenTedCruz We know that the amount is $33.6 Billion, minimum.  Now, the question is this?  What is #Congress going to do about it?
so much wrg, so fast, congress so inefficient, couldn't keep up with the misdeeds if they tried. Cntry's a MESS!
@agape417 Obama is a traitor & should be impeached...then prosecuted
does this constitute high treason by POTUS?
@LWilsonDarlene If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck ... IT'S NOT A PIGEON!  Obama and his administration are corrupt!
You know better!  We don't have a central bank arrangement with Iran due to sanctions. Cash was the only medium available.
thanks for the PSA. Why is POTUS allowed to act like a king. I think we have a Congress.
Be the man you represented to the Voters of America. Honor your pledge. HONOR YOU PLEDGE FOR THE PEOPLE.We need you,#TrumpsArmy
@RestoreHistory be a man and g t out and endorse @realDonaldTrump the future of our country depends on you @marklevinshow
Are you suggesting that US or @POTUS - are sponsoring terrorism?? Are you trying to out-stupid Trump?? 2016 's GOP
Then why aren't the Republicans doing impeachment proceedings against Barack Obama?
Because they're a bunch of UN Sharia globalist on the take! SIMPLE!!!
They got caught robbing our cookie jar but nothing is being done about it.
Rick, stop urinating into the wind, Cruz has been repudiated 100%. No one givwes a crap about him or his crew.

North Korea Conducts Fifth Successful Nuclear "Test"... Sales Demonstration!
mr. Senator, pls get your facts straight: the money in question is Iranian money
that was money that was owed to Iran by the US for years, you jackbrained demagogue #LyinTed
Shameful but nothing will ever come of it. Pure corruption threw out his admin.
#ENDORSETRUMP
@RestoreHistory Maybe their holding it for O's retirement.
@RestoreHistory and the consequences are?
@papamc01 Yup-Anything for everyone except America-No More!Vote Trump -The only one who opened our eyes to corruption in America
so why are U helping HRC
IMPEACH HIM ALREADY!!!

DONT CONDONE THIS
THIS NOTHING BUT         
        TERRORISM&TREASON
         EXCEPTIONALISM
          IN SUPPORT
OF TYRANNY&TERRORISTS
proof?  more GOP bullshit
@prissygurld Don't be ridiculous.They'd have to print bills to find that many unmarked.
Shut up. Just... shut up.
It takes more than one person to fight the corruption, few stand with Cruz in the Senate.
.@SenTedCruz @Mic7531 Another reason to vote out Democrats who approved not only failed #Obamacare but the #IranDeal funding terrorism.
#then why don't your impeach him..why have the Republicans not taken action on his overreach..do something already.
surprised you ended up on my feed since I think you are well, what you are but I agree. Do your part and vote @realDonaldTrump
It's a fact he committed a felony in doing so as even he isn't allowed to violate existing law on the subject.
Can you guys stop our gvmt from being taken over by criminals???

You should be our nominee not Trump!!
El Rato lost fair and square, let's #MAGA
cash to Iran paid in other countries currency WHY because it's illegal to pay Iran US $ without Congressional approval.
this is an impeachable act but Congress continues to sit silent, whimps
And the POTUS did it WCongresses blessing/knowledge right? Now that's how divided govt works? Constitution Smonstition who cares
No doubt Obama IS one of the terrotists. What could be better for them than to infiltrate the Whitehouse?
Hillary= Obama with a far left Supreme Court... get off the stick and support Trump...
is there nothing we can do to stop them?  Hillary must not be elected, and congress must stop Obama!
read this.
Barry, Valerie and Huma are serving their masters well. They should get bonuses for this massive treasury raid under our noses.
Is Congress going to do something about Obama's treasonous acts and WHEN???
It would be very helpful if you could get together with Trump and seek common ground and your support of Trump for the country
my historical reference being more recent, is Obama the most corrupt president ever?
staggering ignorant comments...to utter Obaama funding Isis...deserves comments his father participated Kennedy assignation...


Throw Obummer in Jail!!! that's where if LOVE to see my tax dollars spent!!
.@SenTedCruz Lord help USA. So much corruption in WH & with his Admin.  We need more conservatives in Congress. 2Chron. 7:14
May God bless U
Took on the System. WON ! Took on the Pope. WON! Took on the Evangelicals. WON! VOTE Donald JESUS Trump.
does anyone subscribe to this untouchable's bullshit anymore?
why hasnt someone been ARRESTED for this?
that money would have sure been good to put toward our national debt. Who cares about paying back Iran? Nobody but Obama and HRC
True, but then we all know what happens when you ASSume. Get some proof then we'll talk. Btw, not from the Bible
we want to know how Obama got his hands on OUR money. Is that even legal to skirt around Congress on a billion cash??
No it's not legal.  The House controls the money not the Executive
Or, they paid the money an international Court ordered us to pay? Don't let facts get in the way @SenTedCruz
when has facts ever gotten in the @GOP way??
absolutely!! This whole adm is nothing but con artists 4 a sinister agenda. #MuslimBrotherhood  how that worked out 4 #Eygpt
Why have you been silent about the Clinton foundation and the Clinton emails.  Makes me wonder, oh wait nevermind.
