We won't. You're a maniacal, self-serving shill for alt-right nutbags, Cruz.

Thank you!
Asian sassasSesszzaasrzssdsezswasre

Senator I am so mad I just want to spit. I'm a single mom w/2 kids & my premium is $2147/mo. We need stuff but have no disposable $ left.
#LoseCruz2018 Only 464 more days
Thank you for your hard work!
What a joke I just heard someone tell me that night was day and day was night. Shameless liars on the Republican side - just brutal.
Good god, no #FingernailsOnChalkboard
I believe the USA is going to put it's foot as deep in the @GOP ass as we did in the democrats.
Why aren't you president...@SenTedCruz
Tell John McCain to retire so Republicans can do the work for American people
Sir I'm sickened by what McCain did last night! Is he that sore a loser? If all of you can't get behind our president get out!
Serious question: What does a healthcare policy that costs $7000 less look like? What are the differences in coverage?
@BetoORourke 2018 We see u Ted and it is ugly !!!
@SenTedCruz Dimms won the battle, but not the war..
TY Mr Cruz
You should be president right now! I supported you during the primaries, and still support you today! Keep fighting for us, Ted! #cruzcrew
I enjoy your optimistic attitude on a rather negative topic for the day
I watched the video without sound. I can imagine the bullshit without actually hearing it. Plus. Faux News. So... there's that.
I hope so,We need more senators like you that keep your word.The ones that didnt keep their word should be voted out on reelection time.
Thank you Senator for your hard work to #repeal #Obamacare, lower taxes, deregulate & honor our Constitution. 
#MyTexasSenator 
#MAGA
You should be President good sir
You fought hard Ted and we lost this battle, but the war goes on… But we will win in the end. God bless
@POTUS Thank U Sen Cruz I actually think U do support Pres.Trump in a genuine way & aren't part of dishonest WA & many self serving Senators
Yes, the hardworking People premiums should not subsidize those who do not care to work! Mandate work for Medicaid!
There's a Senator named McCain (R-AZ) and another named Heller (R-NV) that need to be Primaried OUT in Favor of a #Trumpublican.
Bless your heart.
Your such a Godly Man, you have always been the one to Fight for us all! Enjoy Summer! Take pictures of your family! President 2020!
No thanks, I'm good
Thank you for your steadfast resilience in this fight, Senator Cruz! I am with you!
Thank you Ted Cruz 
U'd be shown the door mid term if u don't reflect the wishes of your constituents!
Thank you again, for working so hard to try and repeal Obamacare and save the GOP from itself, when voters call them for not repealing OC!
Ain't nobody wants to watch you, Ted Cruz.
@kilmeade @AndreaTantaros @RepHensarling @FLOTUS  How long do you think it will take GOP to realize their constituents have turned on them?
You are all liars. You have betrayed the American people.
@JoeTurner212 lose the stupid snap chat profile. It's lame and desperate
so John McCain's can't we all just get along speech was bullshit ? He turned tail AGAIN . I feel bad 4 him but is his mental capacity ok ?
Better hurry and make good on GOP promise, ted. Otherwise ur on the outs, like the rest of the lying repubs. Will c u in the primaries.
You are going to lose in 2018.
Why not a resolution to have congress put on ObamaCare? Then maybe your words will be believable.
here is new idea how about Rs & Ds sit down TOGETHER like adults to solve problem. Instead of acting like spoiled 5 year olds
Nobody cares about your thoughts. You did not want that bill to pass. Who do you think you are fooling? Maybe your constituents?
Repair Obama Care my Butt Please Kill this Tax Snake! The government can't run a care program.
1.7 M Texans would have lost their insurance with your plan. Texas deserves better than Cruz.
@BetoORourke for Senate 2018!
Appreciate everything you said! Do other Republicans truly NOT UNDERSTAND how much OC is HURTING MIDDLE CLASS?
Thanks for keeping your promises Senator Cruz.  #KeepYourPromises
Y'all kept the federal healthcare paid by our tax dollars ! Resign ! that bill was an act of premeditated murder to give tax breaks to rich
@SenTedCruz  you should have stood up like a man and Voted No...what are you Thinking?
All I ask is the Congress have the EXACT same health care that they foist on the American people.  NO EXEMPTIONS!!
Your the only there with any sense
Voted 4 u in Primary bc I was impressed u had fought SCOTUS & won. Ur too valuable as vocal conservative 4 SC Bench. U shd run in 2024 
Every word of this.
You realize no one listens to you, right? #lovemyACA #lovemyObamacare #goawayTedCruz
They let us down...again.#Senate #RepealandReplace
Cruz Amendment to coming tax package will do the job
I still regret that the nation did not have the intelligence to make Ted Cruz The President.
Nope. You are an opportunist
I think you need to step up your game. Not sure how much is in the tank but USA needs you to be very active. keep up good work #maga
You're done
Dispicable Ted and his twisted thoughts.
Thanks for your efforts senator, once again your efforts were second to none. Unfortunately @SenJohnMcCain betrayed his people and ruined it

Uh....no thanks.
Lowering premiums by destroying insurance markets.  Thinking outside the box... that's why you're the most popular guy in Washington
Your thoughts carry so much weight, about as much as my tweets to you... Texans are watching you, tell us whose payin for that wall again?
Last night was embarrassing.  You tried, but there are too many traitors in there.
Stand firm, stand proud and don't give up Mr Cruz cause Texas stands with you! 
Texans won't forget the horrible bill or your irresponsible amendment, Ted. #FailureFriday  #GOPOwnsIt #Blobfish #LyinTed
Appreciate your disappointment and concern but ashamed of some of your colleagues
It is a shame that 3 could have put a monkey wrench on the vote.
... repeal then focus on driving healthcare costs down ... more competition, more choice, more freedom ...
I can't believe I am saying this but if more senators would work with you maybe that could happen... but I am not hopeful...
How about getting a plan that gets 60 votes?  That would be showing the will of the American people.  But you don't really believe, do you?
Let's see how this turn out
Ted Cruz I've tweeted Trumpo to just let Obama care fail on its own switch over to Taxes also convinced Trumpo Abolish IRS
@SenTedCruz = Intellectual stooge.  How r citizens supposed to be free if they must endure the risk of bktcy w/o HC?
Meanwhile, @SenTedCruz sits happily in his perch, not subject to the same rules as constituents.  #HYPOCRITE
Why not mention the fact that McCain is complicit in the destruction of our healthcare system? He's a defector!
Once a traitor, always a traitor.
.john McCain in the Ukraine promoting War real video
John McCain would either be broke or dead if he had the same healthcare plan as the common citizen!
Lower premiums for some, massive hikes and deductibles for most.  Insurance that is not there when you need is cheap.
This video has been edited...no Thank you John McCain in back ground...I already posted unedited version to you.
Thank you @SenTedCruz  for all of your hard work and grueling efforts to try to help us who are SUFFOCATING under Ocare.  RINOS LET US DOWN
Are you suffering because someone tried to make healthcare affordable?
Keep it.
@SenJohnMcCain
@SenCapito
@SenDeanHeller
@senrobportman
@SenAlexander
@lisamurkowski
@SenatorCollins
@SpeakerRyan
@SenateMajLdr
@GOP
#MAGA
There's enough BS in your remarks to fill a few dump trucks to the brim. You failed because your plan condemns people to die @indivisibleATX
Look out! Ted's mad!
Why not just have Trump make executive changes to it?  That's what Obama did after it was passed.  He put the penalty off, etc.
@POTUS already has...he is part of the problem not solution
No more support

This video of McCain voting no with Stone Cold Steve Austin wrestling audio in the background may be the greatest thing ever. #ResistanceWon 
go on a respectable news channel then....
There are none.
WE  YOU Please pay attention to Awan case - Why is Sessions being handled by McCabe - #awangate cover up Massive spy & mafia ring.
Coward.
Thank you.  I remember you standing against all others except a few.  Reading to your children was a classic!  Please continue to stand.
No. I am happy about last night and the vote that failed. #BetOnBeto
Progressives will not allow the American people to think and choose for themselves, it's an ego thing. 100 yrs of Progressives is enough!
Write a letter to @Potus and ask him, whatever healthcare is passed, let every single American get it, no exceptions, then sign it!
You know what that means. All elected officials get it, no exceptions for anyone...period.
"Progressives hate it when people have choice."
"Let's make one health care plan that everyone has to have... no exceptions."
Cruz is correct  #FULLREPEAL.  Ignore the Byrd Rule.
U gonna cry, bro?

Petition · Arizona Gov Doug Ducey: Recall Arizona Senator John ...
It's nice to know there is at least one honest Republican senator.
Who are you talking about??? Cause I know it ain't #LyingTed
Shorter version of this video: smarm sanctimony remember how punchable Ted Cruz is smarm smarm shut UP Ted Cruz.

Thanks senator having a backbone and for yes being a yes!
I did watch and then hoped to reach you so that you could hear my foolproof plan. can't tweet it too important
Canada needs you more, Rafael. Please go back home.
