Push for the death penalty
Thank God  and Thank You TTUPD and LPD for all you do. My Heart is broken for the loss of the Officer who gave his life. #TrueHero
What did God exactly do in these circumstances to deserve a shoot out?
If publicly leaning on my Faith in an hour of despair is offensive to you, I sincerely apologize... may God bless you
Amen
Nice to see all the Texas Tech students and faculty praying for the Fallen officer. We need to also pray for all the twisted minds out there
Great! Prayers to the family of the officer killed.
Do you really sit and say the prayers, or you just write "Prayers" on Twitter?
Do you really go around trolling people who say they are praying for victims? Your a grade A piece of shit Max. A really fucking ugly one 2
Amen
Actually the way these liberal baby professors have been acting since Trump won i guess it’s not surprising
Fry him. you guys still have the electric chair right? use it.
Yea lets get that death count as high as we can. Over some weed.
Not over weed. Over some scumbag that killed a cop. But of a difference there
He deserves it.
#whiteprivilege #whiteprivilege. Apprehended and not shot dead. Wish cops would treat minorities the same
Omg. Another police officer. Why wasn't this young man frisked before transporting him? My prayers go out to his family and friends RIP sir
Sorry for your loss. Even sorrier to hear that justice wasn't able to be served tonight because the coward surrendered.
shooting a suspect, even one who murdered a cop, isn't justice. that isn't our role, our role is to BRING them to justice.
Life for a life isn’t wrong and that is the role of the police. Justice can come in the form of death.
So, the question is, Was it another liberal minded demowhack who did the shooting?
OMG..19 years old...what happened with this young people...
Bad parenting
Well by the news.. parents are good person...problem was the bad friends
Friends do play a role as well, but the first person a child learns from, gains values from, is their parents.  That supersedes all.

Hope everyone is ok there
Ted Cruz. Now's the time to talk about gun control.
From a parent-Thank you for the  timely and succinct communications to students via text, RAs, Twitter and web.
So glad everyone is okay. 
Delete your tweet. Everyone was not okay. There is a family mourning and they will never be okay.

Why are they not showing this on Austin,Tx news. Why didn't the police handcuff this guy and frisk him before bringing him in
Pretty weird situation.
That is "supposedly" because TTU's official statement says otherwise.
I'd keep an eye on the shooter's friends, as they obviously share the same sentiment as the shooter. RIP Officer Floyd.
Sad, sad day.
Great, my condolences to officer East's family and the TTUPD!
Apprehended? Must be a non-minority......
Find your safe space. This is twitter
Oh yes I forgot, some leftist have no decency. Ignorance at its finest
Everybody who doesnt like you is a leftist? Ok, Rush
Who going 2 pay 4 this TX shooting? Investigation? @SenShumer @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @NancyPolesi @FoxNews @seanhannity @smartgunlaws
We need more guns.  On campus.  More guns.  Cops get guns too.  Big ones.  Everyone gets guns! No restrictions.
My thoughts and prayers for the officer's family
So, you found him with drugs. Took him in and didn't search him for a gun he used to shoot an officer? Must be a white dude.
This will be blamed on @realDonaldTrump. Too bad he inherited all of the problems @BarackObama ignored over the last 8 years.
Take comfort in knowing that the state of Texas has the death penalty.
: "ALL-CLEAR: The suspect has been apprehended. Lockdown lifted on campus. Avoid…" #1 in United States
Prayers and condolences to the officer's family. Good job at apprehending the suspect. Hope he enjoys rotting in prison and then hell
Why was this punk not searched? Beside the fact that he’s white. Caught with drugs on campus, taken in for questioning BUT NOT SEARCHED WTF!
I heard they're trying to frame a white guy for this.
Absurd!
Shooting down of co- students ,faculty n non- faculty in difft Universities in America becoming an annual feature nowadays.Bad
Pence spends $250k tax payer money to walk out of a fu@$ing football game. Cruz = idiota 2018=@RepBetoORourke
I hope the students beat the crap out of him and hang him as a reminder like the good old days
This saddens me more than you know! Another officer killed! another family suffering now! Prayers to them all... #HoldTheBlueLine 
https://www.gofundme.com/ttu-officers-family … my friend started a gofundme for the officers family
Much love to the officer and his family from your blue family in central Illinois. Rest easy brother. 
Thank God every one is ok and good and prayers goes out to family of officer who got shot in the head may god be with his family and friends
@jackie_jaquez
I hope we as #RedRaider parents will get more answers as to what happened. #TalkingtonHall
Prayers for the fallen officer & his family. Glad suspect has been apprehended. But as a parent of a child in Talkington this scares me
Thank goodness
More than a WEEK and we are still waiting for someone to start talking about these things.

Prayers for the officer and his family.
Glad to see the situation is under control. Very sorry for the death of the young officer RIP

Ahhh Hawaii !!!
good to hear  rip Texas Tech Officer , this world is f’d up , spread positivity it goes a long way 
Thoughts and absolute prayers to the departed and the family.  .  . Though sadly and angrily I feel a debate rising
Prayers for the family, friends and co-workers of this officer. So glad the suspect has been apprehended.
It’s not even 10:34 Texas time.  Hmmm
Happened 8:30 ish
I was pointing out the fact that the tweet said 10:34 when it was 10:12.  But that clears it up, thank you!
I'm so sorry to hear of the officer who lost his life. Prayers for his family.

Thank goodness!
KUSInews
Prayers for fallen officer
Thank you for the updates... God Bless the family of your LEO who lost his life.. sending prayers #BlueLivesMatter
Lmao, this has to be the dumbest photo to post in support? Why the cop look so dainty. Why is the angel Fabio in armor and carrying a sword?
Thank you and the LPD for the quick capture. My prayers for him and his family.
Thank God. Prayers to those affected by this horrible situation, especially the police officer killed. #senselesscrime
I am so sorry for our fallen officer. My heart breaks for his family. Praying for his family and all of you there.
Prayers for the officers family & friends.  Tragic!
Prayers for the fallen Policeman’s family. Prayers for the TTU students and professors.
Praying for the officer and family.
glad it ended quickly and what it sounds like zero lives taken. God Bless
A police officer died.
Fantastic !!!
Blessings from Frog.momma.20. y’all be safe. Prayers to the officers family. Peace from TCU
Praying for the officer's family 
Prayers for the officers family. So very sad. Great job apprehending the perp.
Thank you for prompt notifications. Good to know that you are in control and willing to communicate as promptly as you have. Very assuring
Glad you got him.
@michellemalkin lockdown lifted
Officer down :'(
Thanks for the update, prayer to Officer and his family, also thanks to Campus police
Texas Tech should host a memorial event tomorrow in honor of the fallen officer
Amazing the police took the White student into custody unharmed and without a bullet in his back I wonder why?
Maybe he surrendered?
I’m sure thats it!  Keep telling yourself this.
He didn't resist. He surrendered. Anything else?
The difference is, if had been shot while resisting, white people wouldn't be upset about it, or burn the town down and riot.
Thats right  white people only burn towns and property and overturn cars after sporting events.
My hometown and university! Prayers please 
Thank God!  Praying for all!
Prayers for the fallen officer, his family, colleagues and the whole Red Raider Nation.
#BlueLivesMatter
Is he a Tech student?
Yes a freshman
Yea I'm good thanks for asking 
White guy? 
The drug war claims another life!
Drugs destroyed at least two lives tonight. Not the drug war.
uh, no. Metal through someone's flesh destroyed at least two lives tonight. Don't be self righteous. That's that defense of the drug war.
So it's the metal. Not the drug war? 
lol. Sassy isn't you? It's the Tylenol, my mistake. I mean the Xanax. No, the cocaine! Wait, what drug did it? Morphine? Stupid drug war.
It's the drugs, not the war  He was arrested for drugs. If not for that, we would not be having this exchange. Drugs are bad, m'kay?
Prayers go out to the police officer, his family, students and staff at Texas Tech.
Prayers for the TTUPD and the family of the officer that was killed
God Is real 
RIP to the cop
thank god
Prayers for the family of the officer
Now Boy Wonder is facing Capital Murder charges!
Little gun control and oh by the way check his mental capacity
Would be a 21 yr old freshman to own a handgun legally.  What additional  law do you want besides murder being illegal? Condolences to all.
Thank goodness.
Shooter
Very sorry to hear this news.  Condolences from California. #ThinBlueLine 
Second the motion. 
Prayers for the officer's family and your department.
 to family & friends of the #police officer who was killed this evening! TY to officers 4 safely capturing killer. #BlueLivesMatter

My prayers go to the family of the slain officer. Such a terrible thing. 
Thank God!
Hallelujah!!!  Praying for the family of the officer and all of the students!
I feel really bad for the officer and his family. What a POS kid.
Apprehended ? He must be white.
He surrendered. Anything else?
Appreciate all the updates. Prayers for the officers family!!
Thankfully the shooter has been caught. My condolences to the officer's family. #thesickness
Can some1 send a note to the White House to demand they pass a law where anybody who kills a cop gets the death penalty? These criminals
aren’t scared of anything, life in prison isn’t zero tolerance, A cop in Italy is a safer job than 1 in America, that’s embarrassing n scary
LPD do a remarkable job!
Rest easy Lubbock!
#BREAKING: Shooting suspect who was loose on #TexasTech campus after killing University police officer has been found.Campus lockdown lifted
Great job guys.  Now make sure he never sees the light of day he doesn't deserve ever again.  Sending well wishes from Austin. Let's make sure no-one makes excuses for this pathetic loser of an idiot who has no respect for human life
Thank God. Prayers for the officer's family
@shelbymn3
2]#BlueAlert @texasRangers @FBI: Tt @TexasTech:  suspect apprehended. Lockdown lifted Avoid TTUPD, N side of campus; http://emergency.ttu.edu 
YES YES YES

Thabk God 
#BlueAlert @texasRangers @FBI: Texas TechVerified account @TexasTech;ALL-CLEAR: The suspect has been apprehended. Lockdown lifted on campus.
Prayers to those in Lubbock
Thank you for the updates
What's he look like? We all wanna know

Sad day for all.

Thanks be to God. Please God bless the students and staff with your protection! Amen
@curry_qui
Thank you God!!!  Prayers for all involved 
thank God

@JenHatmaker
Good work.  Praying for the officer who lost his life.
WTF!! Geez crazy stuff
Thank goodness!!!
Yes!
