So you’re telling me the Koch Brothers are putting $300 Million to push this Tax Bill and they are spending that money for me? 
Yes
We moved out of Minnesota this year. Was so happy to get out of that state.
YUP, time to leave IL @PeterRoskam @RepKinzinger Thanks 2 those 2 guys who know that IL prop taxes are thru the roof but will take away ded!
BS.  Texas has among the highest home owner taxes in the entire nation.
Why isn't kansas on the list...?
Tornados
Where do these stats come from? Russian propaganda?  Can't wait to believe you!! Words, Ted. just words: show me the beef.
Ask Bernie about Russian propaganda... he honeymooned there
So? who doesn't want to see Russia. Has nothing to do with inner circles of propoganda.
Surprise, surprise
Kansas???????
How Democrats kill economies! #Tax&Spend @GovTomWolf
Numbers may not lie. But you do. And often.
I'm going to be one of those people soon! Cuomo has said he doesn't want me here, so I'll be obliging him in the not-too-distant future!
Vote Cruz if you come to Texas.  He’s brilliant, nerdy and funny!
Same exact thought when I read this.
Property taxes are killing us!!
You could use this same graphic to argue the cost of living vs. wage stagnation. Also #TaxReform is federal, state levels wouldn't change.
But that has nothing to do with you. And look at the states rankings for education, infrastructure, healthcare. SUCKS!!!
Really?  The Texas Medical Center is world renowned!  UT isn’t too bad!  But nothing is free
Numbers don’t lie. Politicians do.
@carriesheffield  Does this have anything to do w/ mismanagement of states, corrupt dem governors & illegal immigration?
Yeah and they don't stop voting democrat when they move!!! 
And when they arrive they are appalled at the condition of education, healthcare and infrastructure in these states!
Numbers don’t show why.  You are just guessing
Only reason Mi. Is not in the list is because everyone who could leave already has. And those who can add up to few thousand a yr.
Wait, people moved to Texas for lower taxes??? I'm thinking Hispanic immigrants had an effect. Lmao
I mean, 240,000 is roughly 1/2 a percent of California’s population. So, math.
And Kansas said...?
Lower taxes lead to terrible schools and lack of services for those who need them.
No they don’t ... it’s a money management issue
Numbers don't lie!
Liars can count.
Ohh, Senator, if only math were that simple!  Do you have the stomach for the real analysis?  You're not going to like it...
As a political science major myself I think Ted Cruz slept throughout his political inquiry class
You lie constantly. #BetoForTexas
#VetoBeto
Wish we could leave 
Pool players have higher rates of lung cancer.Pool does not cause lung cancer-smoking while playing does.#coorelationdoesnotequalcausation
Lyin Ted, 13 of 24 Trump cabinet members would benefit by eliminating the estate tax!! Trickle down economics doesn’t work!!
What is the percentage of the population of these states ? These states have very large populations so you are misleading
Right... bullshit.....
I'm sure the only thing those people considered was the tax rate. 
Pfft!!!! Right Wing Hogwash!
The green states are also significantly cheaper to live in long before you factor in taxes
Correlation does not equal causation.
numbers may not, but people lie using numbers all the time.


Numbers don't lie, but you lie when you don't show ALL of the numbers and you know it. You snake oil salesman.
Take a look at Kansas, they implemented what u propose, it failed miserably now they r in dire financial straight.
I say lets TAX oil companies like #Exxon #Shell #BP MORE taxes @realDonaldTrump Casinos should pay more TAX too, YOU Dont care about America
Repeal and replace Ted Cruz and GOP policies as they are bad for America’s middle class and poor.
Misleading graphic. The debate is regarding federal tax. Check out how federally dependent your state is.
Republicans do
Makes sense/cents to me ( and to those who move too)!
Numbers lie all the time, the way you misuse them.
Correlation doesn’t equal causation.
In this case it likely does.
Ted Cruz is full of lies, healthcare through @Republicans @realDonaldTrump will kill the middle class, disabled & elderly off
That's all you do, Ted. You lie and lie and lie.
Just as long as those blue state idiots leave their bullshit at the border and dont ruin their new homes
If my family could leave NY State we would be gone tomorrow.  The state and local taxes are obscene.
Special pleading.
Those numbers are minuscule compared to populations & say nothing except cost of living is lower where the economy SUCKS so retiree havens.
Is this supposed to defend giving the wealthiest Americans yet another huge tax break?!?
If you want jobs, yes and it’s also a tax cut for everyone
@realDonaldTrump HURTS consumer confidence by Increasin taxes on todays college student,single parent families,MIDDLE Class fam #NOTaxreform
Those r also some of the most free states in the union.
Been thinking about taking my family out of CA soon. Both Texas and New Hampshire look promising.
Try the New Hampshire option.

As Richard mentions, Treasury deleted its own study showing most corporate tax cuts go to profits, not labor income. Orwellian stuff. https://twitter.com/RichardRubinDC/status/919868928763088896 …
You're cherry-picking.
This is great... but maybe time for a break in mass-migration to Texas. #RentsSkyrocketing #TooManyBringingOtherValues
Now you know how those of us in California feel
And then they'll probably vote to make things like the place they left...

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
No but Ted  does just because one of his flunkies doesn't mean it is factual but I am srew your Fox news wiil agree with Teddy
So an average of 10,000 ppl per state in an entire year. That is numerically insignificant and could be due to ANY number of reasons...
@RU4OSU again you show how shallow your thought process is. Sad!
It would be interesting if you could support that statement with data.  Got any?

The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
Texas comes with a bonus: highest maternal death rate
