It begins earlier, @SenTedCruz. Every sperm is sacred, too. Please introduce a bill to prevent the waste of haploid life. #onanism
HHS is not the fact department on this issue. It is overrun with evangelical zealots. Keep religion in church not public square.
Your bible violates my #religiousfreedom. #proudpagan
Is that your baby picture? #fuckinmoron
A 150-cell blastocyst is not a human being. I'd step on a billion of them and feel nothing. HHS is pandering to radical Christian extremists
The evil liberals tell themselves it's not a baby so they don't feel guilty when they kill them.
This is not right. I don't know if you sincerely believe this or no, but you  create problems for people. I think you're cruel not stupid.
Not yours. Not Trump's.
I say this bc you are letting US citizens die in Puerto Rico of preventable causes
This is insane. #StopTheAmericanTaliban
There's enough genetic material in a nose booger to create a human. I guess it should get legal protection, too.
#PhlegmLivesMatter
Does this imbecile know that abortion is legal in Israel?    LOL.
Is that the same god that allows children to suffer and die from cancer?
Only until they're born though, right? Cause then you'll take away their insurance(CHIP), food assistance (WIC/SNAP), and start considering them a burden on society...
If we as a nation can realize life begins at conception, then all lives matter!!!
Are you going to oppose the fertility clinics now if you do indeed believe life starts at the conception?
Try to tell any female member of my family what to do with her body, and they will come after you in the voting booth.
The pro-life party that tries to take away healthcare and refuses to regulate guns that kill. #hypocrites
Abortion kills millions more per year than guns
And you're basing these allegations on?
What if there was a test 4 gayness at 16 weeks. Would U support abortion if the fetus were gay? Or call 4 execution after birth?
Also apparently womens march speakers are cool with killing gays
Life @ conception is opinion not  agreed fact, based on religious  and respect othersdoctrine. Keep your religion in the church of ur choice
Then why did you end CHIP?
You really don’t give a damn 
You just want the Bible Belt votes
The Republican Scam
And yet you and your party couldn’t care less about what happens to the child after it’s born. Talk about absolutely hypocritical.
Till it is born and you can abandon it
Your God is not my God. The Founders would shame you!!! Shame on you.
Then why are you deserting our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico in their hours if need??  Each of their lives are gifts from God, right?
Very happy with this change, life does begin at conception 
Is every life a gift from God, or just every fetus?
If each life is a gift from God, I trust you'll support universal healthcare and gun control?
And life will be taken from people with pre-existing conditions. My husband has cancer. Is jish life not a gift from God as well?
Not to mention you people love the “fetus” but hate the child (demonstrated by behavior) get the hell out of my personal life!!!!
You nor the HHS are scientists!! I don’t believe in God STOP ATTACKING MY RIGHT TO NOT BELIEVE OR BE A RELIGIOUS FANATIC!!!!
Each life a gift from God. So take away healthcare killing 1,000s a yr, kill rest with mass shootings to preserve our rights. .@tedcruz
But screw them once they're born, right? You know considering CHIP has yet to be renewed
You're a monster
Each life is a gift from God... including the lives of our citizens in Puerto Rico!
prove god gives gifts at all. Or for that matter exists to give gifts. YOU LIE.
Does that mean you are going to throw women who have a miscarriage into prison? after all, according to you, they took a life.
Let’s see... GOP wants no abortions. And no birth control. But healthcare for unwanted children? HELL NO! Can you say HYPOCRITES??!!
Women want control of their bodies. And they vote.
Are you planning on collecting the 40% of fertilized embryos that never implant and get flushed down toilets!! Poor souls!
More Christian Sharia law for America.

#BetoForTexas because he respects a woman's right to control her own body.
HHS is not the authority on this issue. They have become conduit 4 right wing evangelical ideology. Stay out of this and help all Americans
And for people like you, ends when they're born


Too bad you don't care about life after birth....healthcare, social services, mental health, etc. #Hypocrite
I believe life does not begin until the fetus can survive outside of the womb.
Abortionist love killing babies, but hate guns! They also seem to ignore how many more die due to liquor and weed. They lack virtue.
Good so we are all to become vegetarians from today forward.
3000 babies murdered every day in usa. 60,000,000 since 1973. A goddam holocaust.
Everyone already does recognize this.
We are not a theocracy.
And, based on GOP legislation, ends at birth.
How Christian of you. Too bad that's where it ends. After a child is born they're on there own.  They become takers if they're not born rich
Nice job letting the CHIP program expire! I don't know how you sleep at night. Cuts to health care, education cuts, crushing families by not
Taxing the rich. Yeah babies are going to be paying off the deficit bc you won't tax the rich. Your bought and sold by the NRA...
The Koch brothers,  the oil companies.  You must be so proud! You stand for nothing but your happy to impose your beliefs on a women's body.
Why are you decideding a women's right to choose? Are you God? Your trying to block women's access to contraception. Maybe you are God..
Or maybe your just sub human garbage with a God complex. Either way women loose. That's what you want right? White men with an opinion...
deciding what's best for the little women. You know barefoot and pregnant serving her man. STOP CONTROLLING WOMEN'S BODIES! We are not
Your personal property!
Pro life is defined as from cradle to old age. You sir are not pro life. You are anti abortion. More GOP word semantic bs.
Just because HHS’says’ life begins at conception  - that ain’t science. That doesn’t make your belief my belief - cause that’s all it is.
Church and State separation. You work for State, not Church.
Yet, CHIP lapses. Party of hypocrisy.
Yet you want to take away healthcare from those who can't take care of themselves.  Selective recognition of life is no philosophy. @CanCruz
SHUT UP
But once they are out of the womb; fuck em.
VERY TRUE AND THANK FOR STATING THIS
If you were really a Christian,you would NOT support the pussy grabber.Shame on you.
To deny that life is "all there"is to deny science only when convenient. Protect THE most vulnerable and helpless of life.
To quote Neil Armstrong:  "That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind."
@hhs and you saying it doesn’t make it true. This will be successfully challenged in court. Yet another reason to be #TeamBeto.
You are for forced birth and nothing more. No healthcare, no education, no social support systems, and no body autonomy.
Shall I mail you all my bloody pads so you can have funerals for the clumps of cells I shed?
And then once they're born, you don't give a shit about them or their parent(s). Healthcare, childcare, education? You're on your own.
Drama queen. Put down the pipe. You’ll never get socialism here.
My question for you is, “When does an embryo get Civil Rights?”
They don't care about people outside of the womb.
By association, ejaculate also a gift from God, and @durex maybe gift wrap? But: Glad to see @HHS make a concession to @operationrescue
I'll be encouraged when you nihilist monsters recognize the value of post-natal, non-white lives and the rights of women.
Embryos/fetuses not frozen in time-if allowed to LIVE, they will grow, be born and becomes ppl just like you and I.
Got any better ideas on how to successfully propagate the human race? (Tip: planting eggs/sperm in ground does not work!)
Life is what has been conceived-when you take a life, you kill it.  Do you have the right to kill another human being?
NOT about women's rights!  About unborn rights!  They are ppl and they have rights too! Genocide of the unborn MUST STOP.
WOW, progress. What a clear picture of the fetus. Beautiful life
Vote for @BetoORourke
If each life is a gift, why persecute non-Christians, LGBT, minorities and advocate the death penalty?
Amen to that Senator Cruz
Since you can’t carry a child, you don’t have the right to tell any woman what to do with her body!  Judgement little trump licker
Can we make sure each of these lives has healthcare first?
Please do something about sickening Abort. Bill Gov of Oregon signed.Anytime, gender picking,FREE even to aliens, U.S. tax$
Each life is a gift from God... including gays
Honestly you people are predators.
What about those killed by gun violence? What about those who are LBGTQ? What about immigrants? Aren’t their lives a gift from God too?
If it is precious and begins at conception why don't we value it when it is poor and needs food, shelter and medicine?
life begins BEFORE conception. Stop murdering your potential children Ted.
that’s the wrong account you silly goose.
#StandWithPP
And place an automatic weapon in that kids hand asap. oh yeah, djt and bannon have been putting you down.
Can we save Puerto Rican lives first?
We can't even take care of the living.  WTF
Til you born
Stop letting this happen.
