FLASH FLOOD EMERGENCY continues for Houston. Some areas have seen 20" of rain with more to come. Check out The Weather Channel for updates. 
But when NY and NJ needed you to lift them up after Hurricane Sandy, you said "No Way!" Very Christian and Republican of you.
Dear A**hat: Talk to the democrats that loaded the bill with unrelated pork? Sandy relief was a fraction of the total bill.
Sounds like the usual political gameplay that comes from both sides, but you're quick to ignore that fact. SAD!
Not sad. Informed. Love the weak minded minions making a**hat comments based on dishonest journalism.
Informed by http://Townhall.com  that allows wingnuts to rant about anything too liberal for them, which is mostly everything. Try again!
Gee, can't deal with the facts? Take your meds &put on your brown shirt. Goose steeping practice is in 5 minutes!
Ah trying to justify your misery with 
alt-facts. Drink your kool-aid and keep indulging yourself with goose shit. Sure black suits you well
Be careful what you wish for. Useful dupes were the first eliminated by the dictators of history. Ignorance can be cured. Stupid id forever
Hi Ted.
The bill for Sandy was loaded with spending for things unrelated to the disaster. Dems used it as an excuse to sneak by more debt.
So Ted didn't want to support H.Amdt. 16 to rebuild veterans cemeteries damaged by Hurricane Sandy? Of course lyin' Ted wouldn't.
The problem with the Ted Cruz's of the world is they don't want to spend money on those suffering unless its themselves....
...then they want everyone else to help them in there hour of need. That's why Ted is a jerk. Thankfully, New Yorkers support Texans.
Despite what Ted does to cut off his nose to spite his face....
The nation came together for NY in the aftermath of Sandy, NY stands ready to provide these states w/ personnel, equipment & whatever else.

Don't fret, folks. Ted is really concerned as he sits on his Lazy-Boy in Georgetown.
Remember hurricane Sandy?  You are a hypocrite and should be ashamed of yourself.

Praying '
Did not care to lift up New Jersey up denied Federal aid for New Jersey#but forgot all that when asking for that same aid for Texas

Still does not matter did not find that out until the end and it was a Republican KKK Governor Christie
Praying for you all in Texas. How many people inside flooded homes?  How many people need to be rescued from roofs & when?
Maybe you should watch the news.
Your prayers are useless, GO HELP THOSE PEOPLE
By not holding Town Halls, you continue to be ball less....face the music dude...

Hmm, let's review how concern Senator Sociopath was for Sandy victims? Hmm, not do much


How are you 'lifting up'?  That makes no sense
Why are you self promoting at a time like this? Serious question.
Omg! People hate u more than floods.

What does that mean ? "continue to lift up" ?
Not actually lifting them up - that would be too helpful. Just praying. Cuz he can't be arsed to do anything useful.
Elections are coming...
Hey, didn't you vote against relief for those devastated by Superstorm Sandy?
Lying Ted sure did. His prayers and words are empty rhetoric from an Evangelical hypocrite. VOTE him out!
Sorry.  They voted against stealing tax dollars to pay for pork, exactly what we expect from real leaders.
Glad to see your well versed on the pork barrel spending situation. Question remains though if you recognize both Dems and Reps do it.
Don't  speak. Ever.  
Why don't you get your asses there and help
@PeggyRuppe @weatherchannel Senator Cruz did you know a Shadow Government truly exists?
Sir, you voted against relief following Hurricane Sandy, you would be wise to keep your mouth shut and your Twitter quiet. Hollow words.

Really, Ted? What are you doing to lift up anyone? Supporting a traitor while spewing Twitter platitudes isn't helpful. #Complicit
Reporter SAVED truckers life- out in storm to help FEMA, you & GOP still call her Fake News? Trump cut USCG 15%- need now huh? DHS head too
THANK YOU AND YOUR BEAUTIFUL FAMILY! WE LOVE Y'ALL! KEEP PRAYING!
Hypocritical statement.  Remember hurricane Sandy?

By lifting up you do mean you are there putting people standing in water for hours into boats anything else is bullshit
"I don't need prayers. I need to know where power is." Also, Senator, please donate @RedCross & Texas Diaper Bank. 
Do SOMETHING. 
Prayer=∅
Don't fret Ted. God will fix this! As long as we keep big gov.'t out of our business we will be fine. Except he won't and we won't.
What does that mean? "Lift up"? Are you involved in helicopter rescues?
Yes, thank you to all First Responders, Police Officers,  National Guard, and the Citizens who risk their all.
This is the answer to everything from the fake Christian Dominionists like you @SenTedCruz. Maybe God is punishing Texas for their sins?
So how's that denial of science working out in Texas?

#emptythepews
But now asking for Govt funds are we? "Socialism" comes handy when your ass is on the line! Good thing "science" predicted this
They are always like that... Always.
I know and am infuriated at the hypocrisy yet again especially living in Texas
And I'm in straight hillbilly area.
Where are you? I am in Austin
North of Houston
Less regulations huh?
Good, more platitudes from a MoC. Please don’t trouble yourself by doing a damn thing.
Don't strain your arm patting yourself on the back
Get down there and lend a helping hand.

You voted against Sandy relief

Oh, really, Teddy?  You and your comical wife are "lifting up" responders?  How? By helping them ride wave of Cruz bullshit?
He's probably a pilot now.Lifting up ppl off the roofs.
I don't really like you at all, but I have to commend you. This is the kind of message that I wish we were getting from the President
Many of those affected in flood & the rescuers r DACA kids, an essential thread of Texas. Psss go kiss Trump's ass, Texas is strong
Roads? Try boats dufus.
how exactly? What have you done, specifically?
Thank you @SenTedCruz! We need those prayers! Praying for #houstonflood victims.
Your prayers don't seem to be working.
Praying doesn't do anything for anyone.  You and Heidi aren't helping.  At all.
This is the result of denying climate change.
While you pray, POTUS is tweeting/promoting his book, talking about tearing up NAFTA.  Sick
If you have to announce to the world that you're doing some good for people, it's probably not for their benefit.
Will you vote yes for federal funds? With budget offsets? TX equal to NY&NJ
And no, gazing wistfully at the mask of the Zodiac hanging in your closet and whispering "Soon..." isn't helping.
I don't think they care about you lifting them up... unless it's in a helicopter.
Your hypocrisy is deep.


Call for more Federal Resources, National Guard Reserves.  Then PRAY
Senator, make sure the city planners get ALL THE SEWER SYSTEMS OPEN BEFORE THE NEXT HIT OF HARVEY. Otherwise,you'll have massive fatalities.
No supreme court in Hell for fake Christians like lying Ted.

Just how exactly are you lifting anyone up? Talking in your head with your imaginary friend in the sky is worthless and doesn't count.
Good thing your colleagues in NY & NJ have more ethics than you did during Hurricane Sandy
ted ted read that you dont like emergency $$$, u think its for . ur citizens wont like NO $. hows it feel??? wet , very wet!
Lift up? You mean like, out of the flood waters? Cause praying doesn't do a damn thing to dry anybody out.
Let me ask you a serious question. What have YOU personally done to help these people? Answer: Not a god damn thing!! How r u any better??
And what have YOU done, besides troll Twitter and try to call people out? I'm sure the people of a Houston find that very helpful.
Oh SNAP! What a way to call out yet another fake Christian the likes of Ted Cruz. Donations to relief agencies go a long way. Bet they don't
How are you "lifting" them up? Why don't you get your ass out there and help?
This man leading a volunteer rescue crew in Houston: "It's just the way I was raised up. Everybody else comes before me." via @KPRC2 stream 
What does that even mean?
Now you want help. Selfish GOP tool.


Full txt of United Nations warning to US on failure to reject racist violent events related to Charlottesville 

Sorry to bother you with this photos fot a children killed in #Raqqa by the #INTcollation and #SDF artillery
SDF #ISIS #sameshit
@Raqqa_SL 
Kneeling versus violence... 
Notice any difference in outrage from Fox & Friends when they're discussing athletes kneeling during the anthem versus neo-Nazis marching? 

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 

.@HouseGOP - With Trump's record on #Nazis, answer this for your constituents: Would you vote for him at all, in any election, today?
With Gorka out, remember that the GOP reps did not call for his firing.
There are serious questions about the President's capacity to lead the nation. We need more adults in White House: Gorka & Miller should go. 

After #Charlottesville, remember that GOP lawmakers across the country have introduced bills to legalize hitting protesters with cars. LIST: 
How about praying for some boats

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 

If @POTUS expresses views inimical to our values, Congress must speak out. I'm cosponsoring a censure resolution in wake of Charlottesville. 
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 


Thank you! 
Imagine how many Vets would still be alive today if TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz was running for re-election before they died under his watch
Please explain specifically what "continue to lift up" means ?
How are you and Heidi lifting people up?
I too pray for TX. Prayer is supposed to be starting point leadinf to action. Did u pray for victims of Sandy?
Typical BS from the DMN. Why didn't article give dollar totals for pork the democrats injected into the bill? DMN =journalism
So it's all about you? Typical. Can't wait to see you defeated next November
Obama says it he's a god, just admit you have an ajenda already, this is embarassing
Praying for them.
Amen.
