Thanks to you #boycottTX is a trending thing, you must be proud
Ill keep voting for @GovAbbott. he really cares about Texans and thats more important that some silly sporting event.
If he really cared about Tx, then under him we would not have fallen from like #1 in growth in American to 24.  I actually miss Perry. #sad
As a Texan I am against Sanctuary cities and transgenders using any restroom & so is Gov Abbott. That's what makes me proud to be a Texan
Dude, do have any idea how many gay people you have peed next too?  lol  You really want your child to pee next to a trans male?  #ignorant
If you're born with a Virgina you must use the female restroom. People R not born gay. They choose to B gay because they R sick in the head.
And how much did that cost us?
Because you fiscally conservative guys are really big on giving corporations money
#gop #dnc #POTUS #txlege
Just stop lying already. Conservative in the only way to go. lib-tards are destroying America.
Great news! But we'll see how long that lasts if @DanPatrick doesn't drop this bathroom bill nonsense.
And worst for education, air quality, bathroom rights, women's rights and the poor. 13 is unlucky.
bet we lose sports, entertainers, businesses.... One gone, will they ever return? #AbbottLegislatesHate
Whats wrong with you is you lean Left. thats you're major problem. everything thats wrong with America is because of the Left.
That's not to scale.
And 1st in state-sponsored homicide!! Y'all so great.
But...But...it's a "poor red state"
#UniteBlue #resist #RESISTANCE #liberalsunite #msnbc #snowflakes #ImStillWithHer #capitalismkills
#Redpilltheworld #ThanksGovAbbott
What number are we in EDUCATION?
One ranking I saw was Texas education 43rd. Of course government data seems to favor more government spending.
Until you pass that stupid #bathroombill
If Texas gets the Undercover Liberals like LBJ and GB 2 out of their State they would be perfect. As a Conservative I might even move there
Liberals from the communist state of California are moving to Austin to try and turn Texas blue
@SenTedCruz who would want the support of anyone so despised as Ted Cruz?
#gopFAIL
We fail in education, healthcare, maternal mortality, stillborns, teen pregnancies, civil rights, labor rights.. but hey you can make a buck
Yep & those bucks will help pay for that other stuff you mentioned.
Trickle-down doesn't work. Turns out CEO's would rather keep profits than raise wages or re-invest.
Wrong. It does work IF gov doesn't raise taxes & take it away. Turns out Big Bad Business is part of the community (there are exceptions).
Our past and present Governors have been amazing for Texas. They have been brilliant to maintain a conservative state!  We are so thankful !
@SenTedCruz and worst state for politicians....
@SenTedCruz Texans's give credit to you Ted Cruz, Rick Perry & all Republicans in leadership positions in Texas!
Love the Lone Star state!
Gov., you come across as a Traitor to TX, Build some Damned Fences w/Mexico, NOT Walls, what happened to your common sense that we voted for
"business-friendly policies"? not so much worker friendly, especially with health care
Without the help of socialist liberals! It's awesome!
No state income tax.  Cheap labor.  Tax breaks for companies that pollute. Hotter than hell in a sauna.
Oh that's right.  U guys are deporting all the cheap labor.
this your master im comein bck soon
Yeah, great for CEO's, not so great for workers.
Here in Texas we do everything BIG
Hey ted and greg, you filling your pockets very nicely? Putos!
Good Job Governor
We won't get 14.  Boycotts by businesses and associations will hurt!
Don't brag about attracting those who would rape our lands, polite our waters and foul our air. It's amoral,even sinful.
It'd be nice if you ended the corporate welfare and invested in Texas infrastructure.
of course! for white, bigoted, 1% cross burners with noses far up our ignorant, power 4 profit minded president's ass. #nocharacter
Proud of Texas, great job Gov. Abbott, Sen. Cruz & Sen.Cornyn keep up the good work. Y'all have all the support you need to lead our state.
sure if you want men to control women - it's awesomr
.@GovAbbott @LamarSmithTX21 Our state economy has gone from 3rd to 21st under your reign
Congratulations. @CNBC ranked TX #2 overall.
http://www.cnbc.com/2016/07/12/top-states-for-business-2-texas.html …
Sadly, my home state of CA came in DEAD LAST ... again.
They need to build the Wall around the northern Texas border.  And then give your State back to the rightful owners.. Mexico. Along with you
Best state PERIOD! 
Are you gonna do anything about patent reform to fix the circus sideshow that is the East Texas court system?
Unfortunately, the people think it's a terrible place to work.
You clearly have no sense of scale or geography
Of course CEOs love Texas! They get rich while we work overtime just to make ends meet!
But not exactly worker friendly sadly.
Yes Houston needs to follow the law.
I love my state TEXAS
@SenTedCruz how much did they line your pockets with
A state gov that rails & complains about federal gov & its over spending YET employs more FED GOV workers than any other state in the union
Of course! A low wage state with no protections for workers & an immigrant workforce the state gov can be blame at any time 4 stealing jobs
Just dont let them move here and bring their liberal bs employee ideology... if they come they have to embrace Texas policies...
If only California would take note @GovAbbott ..I miss Texas.

@SenTedCruz
But we may not get another, since you are turning texas into a police state.
Then why are we ranked 21rst in the nation?  You have not done right by us!
How many made donations?
I'd want to move there, if I could. Anyone want to fund some movies from my screenplays?

Love you Texas! Thanks @GovAbbott for making Texas a great place to do business.
Love it!! Great state.
What poll is that?
And yet our economy is in comparative decline...
& TX has 5th highest property tax!! my tx went up $800 this yr so my mortgage went up $200 per mo! I want state inc tx cause I'm low income.
Is there ever a doubt??  If so, please come to California and see how things *shouldn't* be done.
And they're smart enough to fight against sanctuary cities.
And great for small business too
And the worst governor.
"Ted Cruz flees hearing after Sally Yates schools him on Muslim ban"  #RepublicanHypocrisy #FakeChristians
They  gestapo detainment tactics for immigrants Gov Abbot! Where are your papers? Unconstitutional  but it works in 
Yep, they don't have to be responsible citizens in TX. Your such a weasel. Working hard to keep the rich richer.
02/17: Abbott proposes growing its Texas incentives funds by almost $200 million.  Why wouldn't a CEO love those kickbacks?
Great place if you are a wealthy white man. Saw you want to ban sanctuary cities & alter adoption laws to exclude gay & jewish couples.
By 2022, Texas will grant companies $1.1 billion in property tax relief. 

What's not to love, if you're a CEO? If your a taxpayer, it suxs
You and @IvyRTaylor gave Hulu $1.2M... Hulu, a $6B (Billion) a year company. Why wouldn't CEO's love Texas?
Here in Texas we have lots of people that are willing to do the work that white folks don't want. They call them wetbacks.  Cheap labor.
When was the last time California was ranked #1?
Also, all the starters on the football team voted the head cheerleader as the best girl to take on a date.
Worried about the business we are going to lose from companies embarrassed to operate in TX due to your record of mistreating the vulnerable
Professionalism at its best
Duh. If you want to exploit cheap labor, without fear of laws protecting workers, #Texas is the state for you!
GOOD FOR AMERICAN
Then why is it the only state that doesn't allow breweries to sell beer to go on premise at the brewery?
Good job Greg Abbott nicely done I Suport you 100 %
Texas hasn't changed since President Kennedy was shot! Nut country!
Compensating for that new report showing we have a higher unemployment than the national average AND California?
Source?
Yep, and Yates clean your clock!  Gonna take Obamacare to take that boot she put ur arse
But not for citizens.
Your Senator got burned so hard by Yates yesterday, he now has a pre-existing condition.
Maybe because we have to educate everyone who comes over? Just a thought.
That's why all the businesses are going to Texas! Most states need to compete unless your California or New York where gov will take care
Frankly shocked it's not California with our wildly competitive tax and regulatory structure.  Oh wait...
Fix the traffic like you promised. Wait I forgot, you have very little power! It's all Dan Patrick running the state.
Screw you, fix the traffic. People of your ilk have reduced Texas to a West coast urban area.
Best state for business if you're a rich white guy, which most CEOs are.

You are a bad person, Greg.
Being white has nothing to do with being rich...trust me I know.
But being rich and also white at the same time has a lot to do with being a CEO.
Dude get the hell over this race shit... Its people like you that convince blacks etc they cant get shit. So rather then try they quit. BS
Luv our Gov..!
How many French companies have left France to escape socialism and high taxes?
Until you signed discriminatory legislation. We will lose business, revenue. You represent everyone, not just your own hate.
