can we throw in the money Flynn made illegally?
Maybe we can get some of the 150 million from the Clinton's foundation.
No see the funny part is the $ is  from illegal acts but Come see me when you need anything else explained Mr Cow
I am not Mr cow, I raise cattle and I have 2 cattle dogs, Ace and Bear. Let me know if you want anything else explained.
no I know enough about you now but  Thanks
A user fee to send money to Mexico should be used also.
And they'll institute tariffs on US corn, as they've explicitly said they would do
And they'll get mighty hungry and fold! The drugs won't stop flowing in until we have a border
The drugs won't stop flowing until Americans stop buying the drugs, which isn't happening.
In fact, the most effective thing at stopping drugs from coming across the border is legalization and regulation.
Yeah..let the youth of this country all become drug addicts and let our government regulate it! Our government can't regulate anything WELL!
Youth have an easier time getting illegal weed than legal alcohol, because liquor stores ID in order to keep their license.
Love it.. now if we could use that kind of thinking against The cities harboring criminals and going against federal law…

SCOTUS, Bids for Wall, Bombed ISIS, Withdrew from TPP, Jobs up, DOW up, Reduced red tape regs., Pipelines approved, Mts w/world leaders, etc
His meetings with foreign leaders have been an embarrassment.
Right.  You asked for facts, I gave them to you. Sorry you don't like them. #MAGA
I didn't ask you for anything. You jumped into my mentions
She is my friend and welcome to jump into anything. Besides we would never react like you losers have. Resist this
Lmfao @ "resist this".. I'm gonna have to use that line if you don't mind
The wall is the most stupid waste of any money . Period. Invest in the future... not stupid fear based propaganda!
Yes El Chapo should pay for the wall!!!
BOY AIN"T THAT THE TRUTH & SIMPLE SOLUTION.  Really Impressed With All Ted Cruz Has Done To Support POTUS & GOP. BRAVO KEEP UP GREAT WORK !!
Yes but it's all talk.If we are confiscating money it should be from the GlobalistElite who created the problem and ran up the debt.
ICYMI; Mexico just stated, they cannot find the money, & do you really think they would give up $15bil w/o a fight?

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
U old Repubs kill me!Trump is a narcissistic dope & his wall is a waste of $.There'll b no wall.Coal's not coming back, either.#Trumprussia
And i'm not an old repub hell i'm conservative
I think President Trump mentioned doing this a few months ago. It's a grand idea use drug money to build the anti-drug wall.
@realDonaldTrump is brilliant.
Cruz's idea
Perhaps, but @realDonaldTrump supports it. #uspoli
.@realDonaldTrump idea not Cruz's idea.
It's Cruz's bill.
Original idea = Trump + Bill = Cruz = #MAGA.  No complaints on the Bill, but the idea was first president Trump's.
Why should I care?  Trump has taken 99% of what Cruz had been talking about for YEARS. Credit means nothing. Getting things = success!
Love that idea Newt !!!!
The world is full of drug money and drug dealers and drug takers one we used him as a partner to get money or as bad as they are
U know, I'm really starting to like Sen Cruz.
I must admit he is not devoid of some good ideas.
We are doing that with border patrol. I doesn't work. We need a wall so thugs & drugs are not hear to confiscate in the first place.
Perfect idea!
I just think they should put it in the budget he ran on it and the GOP should respect. That and do it   I never seen such crap
Newt , Texas does not need a wall running though the Santa Elena Canyon. God made it, leave it alone.
Look, the nueter. We can ignore everything the "walking conflict of interest" says about Trump since he gave the nueter's wife a job.
#Mexio and #SouthAmerican #druglords..also focusing on #humantrafficing..#prostitution. why #USA CITIZENS BOTH DIE AND VANISH INTO THIN AIR
Yes sir
Yes.And when we build the wall along Arizona,just turn right when we get to calif and go up!!
The best way to pay for a wall is for this to happen. I'm sure the left won't like it cuz they support criminals and drug lords.
.THIS is the best idea that Ingraham came up w. and shared w. Ted Cruz  .. all Drug Money to go towards the WALL and for infrastructure
Cruz for next Supreme Court spot!!!!
Here here
Big Mistake by Minnesota Voters!
Encourages more Terrorist in US Soil for Insurance Benefits!! https://twitter.com/2ALAW/status/857994536684892160 … …
Perfect!
It's brilliant
I agree
Expand it to all confiscated drug money and estate seizures
Fine.They shouldnt fucking think abt using taxpayer money.@POTUS lies to all of us again & again about Mexico paying.
Now will the wussy Congress vote yes 2 this great @tedcruz bill? #BuildThatWall
We could put their names on bricks!
I absolutely love this idea! We catch you, we confiscate your ill gotten gains and the money will be used to help make America great again.
Apparently they didn't teach the definition of irony at the conversion therapy high school you attended.
Love it! A brilliant idea! Thank you Senator Crusz
Amen
So good
Great idea .....
Exactly!
Totally agree.
A  great idea. El Chapo shoul get death penalty after he pays us . He killed so many
It just makes too much sense
Mexico will pay for the wall one way or another. Funny how illegals are already thinking twice before coming into our country
Uh, the Mexican drug money funds Trump inc. and the mob. @tedcruz @AmericanCitize5
Building Wall & Expedited Execution MS-13 Drug dealers convicted, ending overdoses and inner city gang Violence.
Nothing better to spend it on. Get back under your rock newt. Have a worm or something
I dunno, can we really confiscate the trillions of dollars necessary, just from drug cartels?
Let's see how fast the liberals will find some ancient law that will prohibit POTUS from using that . Great idea, start calling 4 bricks 
@newtgingrich for SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE !!!
Take all the illegals off Obamacare and food stamps and the wall is built! FYI
N.
Kg#ig
7 cartels in Mex sitting on fortune enough for 5 walls,send in our Marines,no war,
(police action) their killing our ppl.
Sounds good
Yes yes yes
Isn't that per se an expo facto law when it targets an individual?
Agree. It's perfect.
USA Co. builds casinos in MEX. % of $ 4 wall. Jobs 4 both, helps MEX economy, curbs immigration, THEY PAY 4 WALL! WinWin!
We could also charge an additional 1% tax on all their imports. Renegotiate Nafta.
Let's do it and quit talking about it we don't need Mexico's approval
Thank You! @ChiefSpatafora @newtgingrich
where would that money go otherwise?
Ted Cruz didn't come up with that idea though?  It was a #TeamTrump idea back in 2016 by .@realDonaldTrump .@POTUS and his advisors.
Keep it Alive till it is done!
@tedcruz~
"..[fund] southern border wall using money forfeited from the criminal prosecution of drug lords..."
Quite frankly who gives accountability for where seized assets/property go. Who gets it? How's it used? Just curious. #DRAINTHESWAMP
@tedcruz 
Are you really that stupid? Lol
it is an awsome idea.Thank you @tedcruz
Perfect! #BuildTheWall
If the US hade the money. Smoke and mirrors.  money from any drug lord except the drugs, and beat up vehicles
Simply great idea! Only now do it do it do it exclamation point
I agree. Perfect place to use the money.
@dixiefortrump
Oh yea
funny
YES
I love this idea!  Use their own money against them. A win-win for American security. That you Senator Cruz for such an innovative proposal
Let's hope others think so
Agreed. #MAGA
@sharir_b Ted is the bulldog u want in ur corner...!#
Might be a couple (billion) bucks short?
What aboit the EXTRA $9 Trillion that Obama wasted in 8 years.  $30 billion for a wall is nothing. Pittens.  Miniscule

How about using the millions Cruz wants for a wall for veterans and healthcare they need. GOP luv war just not reality of war
Who has all the $ they have already confiscated?
Have obama pay as well from the Billions of dollars he gave away of our hard earned money!!!!
Are you New? A perfectly practical solution in Washington?
Brilliant!
Yes it is a great irony, but he had to keep his foot in the door Newt. I'd put Teddy with Ryan and the other repubs who wanna hurt Trump.
We could call it El Chapo's gate
@EyeCandyTMGayle brilliant
An outstanding idea on his part.  I would like to see a vote on it and see how many and who would vote against it.  We need to find out
Except that a wall is useless. Especially if e-Verify is not enforced. Jail offending company officers and there will be no need for a wall.
Of course he's right Newt.....you're talking about the man who SHLD be prez
@georgiavalues excellent idea @tedcruz #Maga #BuildThatWall #BuildTheWall @POTUS #TrumpTrain #AmericaFirst
He keeps his word honors his oath
Excellent idea and should be done unless the clueless 9th circuit gets involved
Brilliant idea!  I sure hope it happens!
Global communism will be destroyed
Still waiting on that wall?lmao...fools....obamacare still here?...lmao
@upick1then   A great idea.
Shame on you. All of you, putting party and power before country and the people you represent. Shame.
Let MEXICAN cartels pay for the WALL, #MAGA
@realDonaldTrump @TuckerCarlson @JamesDoss50 @SheriffClarke @KarenSkowron  Absolutely. Use illegals to pour cement in the tunnels.
Fantastic! Grand irony indeed!
We have the means to take all of their money. Their offshore accounts should be seized.
& a matching amount given to poor affected by drugs & chemical dependency :-)
GO SENATOR, TED CRUZ!!!
@realDonaldTrump 
GREAT IDEA!!!!!!!!
Yes!ASITWEETEDYest$fromAny/ALLdrug/theftArrests
AcrossNationGO2ADept-notone ofCurrentINTELdivisions. $4BoarderBarrier&Police
ACROSS NATION!!
Send #45 to get it personally.  Drop him by plane into N Korea.  He can show what a big man he is.
That is a excellent idea
LOCK HER UP. LOCK HER UP LOCK THAT BITCH UP!
Let me get this straight mex. drug money, who wants the drugs, Americans do, I think Americans make the big profits, stop the market.
That's a great idea. Let's get some of the blood money from the Clintons too.
I agree absolutely 100% correct I'm really starting to like this guy Newt Gingrich
What about Enron that was illegal
I WAS INDEED A VIRTUAL UNDERCOVER AGENT -- FOR B&W GANGS -- EXPOSING THEIR LIES & TREASON TO USA
CONFISCATING SINA LOA MONEY - WAS MY IDEA - THEY TREASONOUSLY SEX TRAFFICKED AMERICAN CITIZEN, MURDERED NEIGHBOR & PLANTED DRUGS --ARREST
YES
Now if only @SpeakerRyan would stop obstructing @realDonaldTrump w all his Boehner monkeys.
We could have the biggest wall with all of that money where does that money go?
@eddiern @tedcruz What a bright idea. Tx you Sen Cruz 4 thinking out of the box.
Isn't this the same as what the nations DARE programs due etc? Smart idea
We're on the same side, right?
Don't let the Dems give it to Iran.
If NYC can charge a car driver $17.00 for one bridge crossing, then the US can charge $100 per person boarder crossing charge.
Works for me
Can you idiots focus on Russia gate or are you happy with Russian money in US politics because money is green not red or blue. Protect USA.
Or the 400 Mil Obama gave to Iran.
A Mexshitcan paying for the wall is just as good as Mexshitco paying for it, President Trump would be right again. Amazing
Stupid to spend any money on a useless wall. Spend on infrastructure.
So the US government would be in the drug business, profiting from it. If you're going to confiscate money it should go to drug treatment.
It will be a wall when it is built. Cannot understand why anyone has an issue with the wall. It will help boots on the ground to enforce.
Furthermore, I cannot understand why you resort to name calling every time you disagree with someone!
#supportwall
or the US could end the war on drugs and build a half dozen walls with the savings from LE, prison, and medical industries
Hillary needs to pay up
Why not, law enforcement pays for many things with money confiscated in drug bust. Take bad, use for good.
Now if we could just find someone brave enough to actually do it!!!!
Excellent idea cruz
Absolutely
Frankly they should throw in funds collected from every foreign cartel. The money seized from MS13 would have covered construction for 1/2
And any $ left should go to support drug rehab programs.
How can you not see the farce that is the war on drugs? But the left is full of groupthink right? #braindead
It's funny how conservatives rail against big gov then have no issue being told what they can and can't do with their own body. #legalize
Amen,almost as good as my idea, cut welfare 2 illeagel
Thank you Mr. Gingrich. We love Ted here in Texas!
26 Dems including @SenSchumer voted for the wall until Trump said he wanted to build it.
@tedcruz How about paying money back to our Medicare / Social Security
What an intelligent man! Cruz memorized Constitution, while liberals are still attempting to find Amendment #1.
Great idea
GOD WE GIVE GRATITUDE AND HONOR TO YOU FOR SHOWING OUR WAYUSE EL CHAPOS DRUG MONEY TO BUILD WALL
ALL UNITED STATES  CALLWRITEDEMANDEL CHAPOS DRUG MONEY USED TO BUILD WALLTHIS GOD GIFTDONT LET THIS GOUP TO YOU AND ALL US(A)
What happens to property of people you deport? Should be sold for the wall too. Businesses hiring illegals should be massively fined as well
it sounds good. Sad they have that money. At what cost? How many American lives lost and families destroyed? Stop the drug war
@tedcruz AND put a toll on EVERY vehicle and EVERY pedestrian crossing into US from that sty..if Meth-e-Koh threatens to do same so what?
