What about raising the NATIONAL DEBT
THAT'S your priority with all the sh!t hitting the fan with these confirmations and an illegitimate PEOTUS?
can ya'll discuss how you just effed over countless Americans in the middle of the night also?? #ACA
Please cut the funds
WWIII.  Way to go guys!  Are you tired of taking heath insurance from kids and letting Putin take over?
Plans to discuss last night's budget vote to repeal ACA? I'm so afraid that I'm going to get denied coverage. #saveaca
Assholes
Really I may have to rethink Guber he may actually have reached down and realized he was a man ,but let's see !
@CJLavallee @LindseyGrahamSC @SenTedCruz We have to come to the conclusion that the gop is compromised via Putin's hack.
already knew that months ago our representatives won't take action
push israel to
Yes, because the League of Nations and their strongly worded letters were so effective.
@fxnopinion @SenTedCruz Cut that cord gentlemen!
the one that kept us safe from a Third World War? That cord?
The one that's aligning the Middle East v the US & is likely to START WWIII. That cord.
what a crock of shit. If NATO falls, Europe has no unity against either threat
then NATO shouldn't be stabbing Israel in the back! Genius! So tired of knowitalls!
exactly how is Europe doing that? Sorry you hate folks able to think critically
Hate? UN set Israel to '67 borders effectively siding w Hamas. Thx 2 Obama. Think critically on that. It's what this is about.
and in your crazy fucking head, Russia will act in their interests?
nice lets piss off all the world! You pathetic POS crybabies!!
If Hillary would have won you wouldn't be trying to save your own ass?   We see right through your actions!  @SenTedCruz
Cut off funding? The US has not paid its dues. Wake up.
stop trying to rerun for President! You lost, Donald J Trump is now our President! Support him!!!!
How about we cut off funding to Israel? They are wrong in their efforts to annihilate the Palestinians.
really? I seriously think you guys have way bigger fish to fry. Investigate your own crazy candidate.
- like maybe your candidate could possibly be charged with treason! Are u kidding me.....
Thanks @LindseyGrahamSC for doing something that is actually in America's best interest. Finally.

@SenTedCruz
To late he's a snake!
u need nife to kell gaza baby https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=d2G4yBAiS3Q …
What are you waiting on?
And put Haley out of a job--- nice guys!!
Great, just what Putin & all other tyrants want! What do Repubs even stand for anymore?
So r u going to cut off funding from SC taxpayers to Trump's son's failed polluted business cleanup?
how many u get from jewish lobby
Russians took over CSPan.  What are you doing about that?
You can do better!If you want to cut the funding to the UN, there are better reasons!  Americans are 4 2 states
why all of a sudden are you trying to become a conservative, is it because Obama is out ?
this is reckless. We need stability and cooperation from leaders, work with the UN.
you are just a closet Democrat
UN is obsolete country club for failed policy hacks playing on our dime and our time doing us no good DEFUND
so if the world disagrees we punish the world
this is a supremely bad idea.
have a snickers, your never the same when your hungry.
It is a "take your ball and go home" attitude. Engage rather than disengage.
Dear Lindsey, Thank you for having a sense of humor. Ted....take notes.
You should really be concentrating on how to protect America not destroy it.
@UN funding SHOULD BE cut if the resolution against Israel is not overturned. #USTaxPayer
you on the air w/ Ted Cruz??? Has Hell frozen over????
I generally respect you but cringed hearing you grill the NAACP person at the Sessions hearing. You were crass and rude.
America in decline.  United Nations, what's in a name? Our way or out??
go for it-un past usefulnessa
Ridiculous! Leave the UN alone & focus on the #russianhack or #SavetheACA! Don't think we aren't watching!
PLEASE MAKE IT SO!  And then GET US OUT OF U.N. ALTOGETHER!

glad u stand with Israel but ur still a liberal
Idea, let Ted Cruz talk and Lindsay be a silent partner. Cruz, be sure to always shake LG's knife holding hand

Lindsey, if such a thing happens then for shame, for shame.
Our granddaughter's lions are ALL named "Lyin' Ted!" 
You have a good sense of humor.  But, seriously, USA voted to support Trump's vision and we need you to support him too.
Watched you on Fox.  Love your support for Israel.  Supporting you and Cruz. Great job.
Thank you for trying to  stop funding to UN.  Its about time!
It's always about bashing Obama! He cleaned up the mess left by Bush! Why not show some class?! Deplorable!
Way to go senators ,the people are with you God bless

and your Make America Great Again line is the unity we all pray for!  Thank you Graham and Cruz
suggestion for when you see him?
Sounds like a "hold my beer" moment, but Good luck
two former rivals (who hate each other) get together to support awful policy #2017
U need a safe place and a box of crayons
I thought I read this wrong! What in the hell is wrong with these people. DT is being blackmailed. Your excuse?
Great! But defunding @PPact Planned Parenthood #Fully&Forever much more important.
Dear senators: we are part of the UN, not owners of it. We should respect others's opinions, not impose ours
They have no US respct in our building eating our food pissing and shitting in our land,oust them
boo
STAND FOR ISRAEL. NEVER GIVE UP!
because handing Europe to Russia makes what kind of fiscal sense?
Cutting off funding to the UN limits the peacekeeping missions And the US might need its own. Keep that in mind
we have us deplorables to protect this country we have the guns
Stop the settlements in the occupied West Bank. Sanctions for Israel till they do. #BDS
Sounds good!
Where was ,, Laaady !
you really want the WORLD to hate the US even more?
@LindseyGrahamSC@LindseyGrahamSC @SenTedCruz      Please protect American people from next administration
Really hope you address on camera the way .@realDonaldTrump treated Jim .@Acosta yesterday. It was despicable. #FreePress
@CitizensFedUp @SenTedCruz great! Jam a little illegitimate election discussion while you're there and not just sanctions
It's long overdue! The UN isn't NATO people. Nothing more than a tax burden on the US!
yes. Git after it!  Abysmal it had to come to this. Pathetic current Administration #Israel @netanyahu
wow! Let's cut taypayer funding from UN until they do why we want...
The UN can do whatever it pleases.  It just needs to learn how to do it without the US contributing such a huge % of cost.
