Translation: The poor rich people deserve more money too! #Bullshitter @CNNPolitics @CNN
No. The rich should be able to keep the money that they earn or the rewards of smart investing as should everyone.
It does not work Ask Kansas
Right, b/c taking someones reward or setting a limit on the amount of return you can get works far better. That will motivate people
It’s been proven It does  NOT work
Really, b/c last I check checked capitalism was whooping socialism's a$$ on the world stage.

https://www.cato.org/publications/commentary/1920s-income-tax-cuts-sparked-economic-growth-raised-federal-revenues …

http://www.mackinac.org/article.aspx?ID=676 …
If Cruz had his flat tax, the working class would bear all the tax burden as long as state's give corporations billion dollar tax breaks
Define working class for me?
The majority of Texans are the working class, the average per capita income here is $28,210.
So those where both family members are working 40-60 hours a week each and making double or triple that aren't the working class?
Did I say that? NO, I DIDN'T say it!
Why are you so argumentative, you asked a question & I gave you a factual answer
2) people making less than $30K are not paying the majority of taxes in this country, not even close.
Did I say they were? I think you need to reread my original post that you commented on, your off topic
Did, Cruz flat tax would shift burden to working class.  Defined by you as individuals making less than $28K in TX.
Why does the top 1% need a tax break? Why am stuck with 90% college kid $? Didn't always make this much money.
The 1% deserves to keep the $ they have earned thru work or investing as we all do.
Haha. Just like Trump and the rest of em who worked so hard to  get the money daddy gave them
People inherit money all the time and wind up broke.It's what they do with it that shows how smart they are. He worked hard,increased his
Trump would be wealthier if he would have invested his inheritance in index funds and just did nothing. He has under performed.
Are you a billionaire?
Unless you tax the rich and rich companies to help the lower and middle income workers, you've done nothing but increase deficit.
Trickle down economics is lunacy. It is a lie. It never worked and never will.
Thanks
Bernie you should have been president. The 1% would be shitting their pants right now.
Right, because it is good to take someone else's money.
Coolidge also believed in paying your fair share of an estate tax and Trump/GOP want to get rid of it which only benefits the weathy.
Thanks for your insight. 
RT
#LyingTed No one is talking about me getting a tax break. Middle clas with kids. Why we are not mentioned but just the corporation
#LyingTed You have no place in Hell.. even hell won’t accept u. You lie to ur teeth about the Rich getting 95% benefit from this..
Your tax plan is a ponzi scheme 
#republicangreed
Great job Sen. Cruz! Thank you.
@SenTedCruz The 1% gets 80% of the tax cut, some hardworking Americans will pay more. You think that's fair?
Not only should everyone's taxes be cut, but it should be down to 10% and the government needs to learn to live within that budget.
TLCAN=NAFTA is not negotiable an treasons of cartel @GOP @DNC created for tax evasion/ US plant-closed job to moved to Mexico-Canada is NULL
Are you people missing me....
Senator, I agree, but Congress has got to stop spending every damn nickel they take in and then some!
And speaking about taxes and tax breaks..Where are our President taxes.He admitted using loop holes. What loop hole does Trump get? Taxes??
UT State income tax is based on total earnings after deductions. Standard Deduction   ST taxes 
Truth.
Too whom much is given, much is required! The wealthy should pay more taxes than the poor.
1) They do, a lot more. And the poor should pay something and many don't.
Keeping in mind that the bottom 50% of AGI only pay about 3% of the total federal income tax. The top 1% pays about 45% of the tax
Not the richest Americans! Why give them any additional tax breaks when they’re already rich? That’s just Stupid!


This is a short term wealth increase for the rich, until taxes are again raised to cover the deficit of no economic growth.
You are or you're, not "your a sleaze".
Bernie is such a tool
stupid statement
Uh, then you’ve done something seriously wrong.
CNN: a former news station
Out of the mouth of Ted Cruz! He'll be speaking out of the other side of his mouth soon...oops! He's already done that on estate tax!
Give tax credits for investment in plant and equipment instead of straight give back
Under the plan presented so far my taxes go up.
Watching Sen Cruz lie, lie, lie, and distort the facts over and over again. Tell the truth Ted.
Cruz is right. Bernie is not for the people just control of them. Socialism is not the answer.
Let me get this straight the sams tax plan that Cruz is proposing crashed the economy 3 times and caused the great depression, the...
Crazy Bernie just used emotion based Lies, promotes Government theft and thinks U.S. & Denmark have same population! Communists still Suck!
What happens when deficits spiral because your bs growth projections don't come about. See Ronald Reagan.
Cruz is right on.
So you’re telling me the Koch Brothers are putting $300 Million to push this Tax Bill and they are spending that money for me? 
You’re telling me you want economic growth by putting more money in the hands of people who already have more money than they can spend?
No tax cuts for oligarchs.
#CruztheLiar is a #SwampThing Drain it. #Chameleon
Why tax the rich so much? How many of you work for poor people?
Because they don't share which is bad for economic growth that's why Reagan had to raise taxes after his cuts. Trickle down doesn't work
If you don’t pay fed income taxes, why should you get more back?  Doesn’t make sense
The only tax should be a flat tax.   20% across the board w no bus deduct. Prsnl Inc tax deduct incl. med exp, mrtge, depndt, st & local tax
Screw that. Abolish the income tax and replace it with nothing
Oh my...what a thought...politicians without taxpayer dollars...what would they do?
HCare Costs are the REAL issue here!
We can't ALLOW costs to run WILD & drop taxes AS WELL !
Let them Drop Our Costs FIRST
Then.. drop taxes
HCare Costs are the REAL issue here !!!
We ALLOW costs to run WILD  and drop taxes AS WELL 
Let them Drop Our Costs FIRST
Then.. drop taxes
Why cut taxes for the wealthy?  When I started working the top individual rate was 70% and the wealthy did just fine.
Because they pay nearly 85% of fed income taxes if you’re top 20%?  Eventually you’re gonna run out of everyone else’s money
Great. If each millionaire gets 1 million in tax break, each middle-class/poor should get exact SAME!!!! This = zero tax for us..yeah
Benefitting u and others like you in government is NOT realistically beneficial 4 the MIDDLE CLASS or the POOR
Libs love taxes. Don't cut theirs.
@tedcruz, then why does the plan as outlined raise taxes on the middle class?
Is that his plan? I honestly don't know if he has endorsed Trump's plan. I know he stated he wants tax cuts for all Americans.
This presupposes that cuts are desirable or necessary. But I hear no cogent argument that is the case.
Lying Ted
But dropping state income and property tax deductions increases taxable income!
Lier you are now trumps door mat. Tax reform right. Reforms money from the poor /middle class into the pockets of the rich.
Politicians who say that in a country with a large deficit need to say what they’ll cut. The econ multiplier isn’t high enough to cover it.
Ted Cruz still makes me nauseous!
“Math is hard...and it makes me sick because I don’t understand it”
@DanaBashCNN @jaketapper Ted Cruz lies.  People who make less than $100k take the local and state deductions. What about tax deferred 401k's
This tax reform wants to take your deductions.
That would be my bet
Top 1% making record profits Companies making record profits yet middle class and poor making less #Cruz giving them more will not change it
Yah right, the average American taxpayer will get what!!! $14.00
Yeah and the 1% will get millions. Seems fair.
Trump right now watching Bernie destroy Cruz #CNNDebateNight
You’re kidding right?  Bernie is rhetoric with no understanding - didn’t have a job until his 40s

GOP is always doing something wrong. That's why they can't get shit done.
What's wrong with tax cuts?? I like tax cuts. Don't you??
Only if it's a flat tax rate for all. No Reagan BS again.
