Good luck finding their money, dumbasses 
It's called "penny wise and pound foolish"

Or more politely, "not fully thought out".
Wow just how many drug lords are there? Good luck shaking the $20 billion out of them. Losers.
It's not well thought out. The drug lords' victims collectively have the money, but making them pay will increase drug prices, & hence crime
That's fine and dandy, but Senator Cruz have you listened to the people of Texas, most people do not want the wall
The vast majority of actual Texans WANT the wall
Wrong!  Polls consistently show that a majority of Texas adults do not want that stupid wall.
The majority of Texans want the wall. Texans are American citizens living in Texas
Totally support this effort.
No wall wanted here! Spend the money on feeding the children at schools and education of the next generation. Your traitors to country.
Well who gave him all the money for the cocaine, make your own people pay for it before they give the money to cocaine dealer.
Luv the money picture I'm still amazed by how many just don't get it as 2why we need this wall
Like the Berlin Wall, we'll need it to keep citizens in, when religions are ranked, pollution kills kids & good health comes by attrition.
BRILLIANT MOVE!
GET IT DONE.
Mexico will ensure the US doesn't get any of his moneyDEPORT ILLEGALS AND LET THEM TAKE CARE OF THEM
Yes we need the Wall, & I supported the plan for El Chapo to pay for it
To all of u snowflakes who don't want a wall, what do u propose to keep the drugs & undesirables out? #Clueless
Making the stupid wall relevant.NOT
Don't vote for a wall with our tax money   I was told Mexico would pay for it.  So collect the money first
No one wants the wall. It's a waste of money. Largely ineffective. I don't care who's money builds it. Populast puppet
Psssst. 1) How u gonna get the money? 2) We don't need a damn wall.
its funny because american are gonna have to foot the bill but they still dont want to believe this rofl
LIARS!  @AmericaNewsroom 
WE THE PEOPLE OF THE U.S. DEMAND IMMEDIATE INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION & SPECIAL PROSECUTOR INTO #TRUMPRUSSIA TIES
Drug lords get their money from drug victims. In effect, you are making victims pay for it!

Bill those who can afford it, instead. The 1%.
Y wall y not education n healthcare
Not this is a great idea, why don't we do it with white collar crimes here in US?  We could fund the Navy Ace!
Like it.
Taking pride in doing something you haven't actually done. Well, at least you are in the right profession.
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/RepKevinBrady/status/857702702427406337 … (Ranked 29th for Apr 27.)
Spend your time impeaching the idea maker.
Only 21.999 billion to go!  Yea 
No wall. Use it for addiction treatment and mental illness help. BTW I'm a constituent
What about joining to get President 45 taxes?
Good luck with that! Ha!
  Mexico raided El Chapo's compounds and kept the $. How is @SenTedCruz going to force Mexico give up the $ already in some pockets?
Great idea. #BuildTheWall A central portion of the president's campaign and as we have heard before elections have consequences!
Am I the only who sees the irony? El Chapo and drug lords are really good at tunneling under things. The best. Believe me! Bigly.
Do it!!!
Great idea
you know, Cruz knows, & everyone else knows who'll get stuck with the tab in the end. Rhymes with 'American taxpayers'..
What about joining Americans in making traitors and the foreign counterparts pay for messing with our country??

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
#Stupid #PublicityStunt
No one who lives on the border wants it. Maybe people in Iowa do, let them pay for it because Mexico or its criminals won't.#Borderwall
American TAXPAYERS are "funding" at LEAST 40 MILLION illegals & anchor babies - because we DON'T have a Wall.  Lifetime cost- $15+ TRILLION
If Americans want a wall they just should pay for it and stop bitching end of the history..
ROFLMAO
I don't want a wall. @tedcruz @JohnCornyn @RepKevinBrady I don't want the damn wall.
Great idea. It will help border guards,with drugs,cartels,human trafficking, some border towns have a rough time w/criminals
Excellent idea.
Maybe he could design it too as remember the astounding construction on his "from toilet 2 freedom" underground escape tunnel?
No wall!!!!   Stupid waste of money. UnAmerican. Use technology.
let Trump & his swamp friends pay 4 the wall @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible @maddow @dallasnews
Exactly
The wall is unnecessary. The natural barrier of the desert is sufficient. Use the money for better things.
Plus, you build a wall, they'll dig tunnels.
Mexican government gonna just hand over money to Cruz? Sure, why not.
Yep his in laws r controlling it ha ha
Release trumps taxes
Didnt that already happen

They gonna hold Cruz-Chapo happy hour. Sell whacks at the Trump piñata!
Mr. Brady, you just hit a home run my friend! 
There's not gong to be a wall.
Obviously , NOW WATCH HOW LONG IT WILL TAKE TO GET THE MONEY
US gangs are working with foreign gangs. They can pay too!
Won't happen. Waste of time. Do more important things.
You guys are eggheads, you know that?
DO YOUR JOB.  #INDEPENDENTINVESTIGATION #Trumprussia #Impeach45
Thank you congressman!! Glad to see you're representing me well. Keep up the good work
Please do it!
you all have gone mad. We still don't want money wasted on a stupid wall.

Not going to happen. Do you want this to happen?
Great idea but are all these assets 'gettable'??
