Our country needs justices who revere the #Constitution -- willing to elevate it over their own personal preferences http://bit.ly/2ketOZz  
#1 you aren't a woman and #2 you favor big business - duh!
So now you are all approving of Trump. The same person who called you Lyin Ted. No spine, no self-respect.
I think we should follow the advice of you Ted and wait until after the election for the NEXT PRESIDENT
Do you wag your tail when Trump pats you on the head saying "Who's a good boyyy?"
I agree
@SykesCharlie So was Garland, you hypocritical bootlicker.
what was it @realDonaldTrump said about your father?

thankyou
@vmetu You'd support ANYONE Tea Party Repubs put forth. Serve the Majority not the minority.Texas is awake u aren't shoe in 2018
Trump may have wanted to grab our pussies but Gorsuch wants to grab our uteruses. Hell no!
*Garland
I wished my Senator practiced what he preaches. #DoYourJob
thanks for confirming this Sen. Cruz we need to hear good news like this. God Bless
too bad this is illegitimate.
So was Garland.
Hoping You Get the Chance @ #SCOTUS
Obama picked Scalia's replacement. #filibuster forever!
thank you senator Cruz i look forward to seeing you take a future run and my support will stand with you
Gorsuch will forever live with Garland. Choke on it Senator. You gotta be Texas' worst yet. Greasy haired tv preacher senator.
Except it wasn't Trump's seat to fill. Merrick Garland should be in that seat. Period.
…you really don't know how this works, do you? @realDonaldTrump is OUR President (if you're American) #Gorsuch is our nominee 
Was that your position last year when Obama was Pres and Garland nominee and GOP wouldn't even give him a hearing?
wouldn't constitution confirm that Gatland would have received consideration?  Idiot.
Ted I like what you are now doing to support Trump. Keep up the good work. I think you are a very smart man and senator.
life tenure is undemocratic
We are supposed to take your word after you haven't said a single word about one of the most disastrous presidencies in history

Do you like him because you hate lgbtq people? #LGBTQ #LGBTRights #gorsuch #SCOTUS
Congratulations to the US!
@SykesCharlie Hey Teddy Big Nose. Its always Funny how R's Love the Constitutn Until it Applies 2them Y arent U holdin Gump 2it?
Good luck with re-election. I don't even think your constituents like you. You are lucky Trump nominated Rick Perry for cabinet.
we the American peeps love you! XO
RT 
thank you for your loyal and brilliantly talented service yourself, Senator!  We love you
If you want him he must be a bad choice for America. Lord help us.
So was Hitler. So what? Brilliance and talent in the wrong direction is worse than the opposite.
I wonder if Ted or Jeb would of picked Gorsuch?
wait?! Are you just retweeting your own tweets? You're a nitwit.
If you admire him he certainly must me lacking character.
well said Senator
@SenSchumer Your move Chuckles
@SykesCharlie remember Judge Garland, Gorsuch should get the same consideration. Hypocrites
@SykesCharlie Ted,  if you are a fan, I have to go on that and say that I'm out and hope he isn't confirmed.  How's your dad?
@SykesCharlie What about the Emollient Clause of the Constitution Trump is violating? Do you still stand by the Constitution?
Had you not sold out your family and helped trump get elected, you may have filled a vacancy....
coming from a flip flopping low rated politician
Too bad you arent going to get him @SenTedCruz. Dems are uniting to tell all @SenateDems accept noone but MERRICK GARLAND. @SykesCharlie
Well Trump has kept his word on every campaign promise so far even with backlash. Good for him and our great grandkids future
A Great American, his last senate confirmation was unanimous  and everyone respects him and wants this kind of man as a Judge for America!
why would we believe you, the President calls you Lyin Ted
Thanks for your support, Senator Cruz. How refreshing to see so much integrity!
Thank you! @JimLaubler
when do you plan on responding to inquiries from your constituents?
#stolenseat #MerrickGarland
On top of that, the Senate has previously approved him with a unanimous vote. Fighting his appointment will reveal dems motives.
AND young!!!
Your staff should probably get used to taking my calls opposing Gorsuch...
if you like him I'm good.
And so is Ted Cruz. Don't worry, I will stop whining about you and SCOTUS when the picks are final. Just disappointed U arent in
Eh, i wanted him to pick you, to be honest.
After he's President Maggie!
thank goodness.
Reports are that he is every bit as affable too! Can you confirm that Senator Cruz?
PLEASE LET the radical anti American leftists attack him. Doom will come
who makes decisions based on faith not logic
Direct opposite of you is that what you're saying ted
hahahaha you think you have the authority to call anyone brilliant #cheetohfodder
So true
