You would have hated those secular humanists, and they would have held you in contempt.
What secular humanists? The bulk of the Constitution's signers were pretty mainstream protestant Christians.
The senate signed a treaty saying that the us was in no sense a Christian nation. The f fathers were desists.
The Senate doesn't sign treaties, they ratify them. And the Treaty of Tripoli isn't a founding document.
As far as deism, you've got Franklin, Jefferson, and maybe Washington. That's about it. Most were, again, protestant Christians.
Protestants can be desists and secular humanists. I'm a Methodist. I'm a secular humanist. People are complicated.
They would look at TC's religion with horror. TC accepts irrational ideas bc they are contained in books written during the Iron Age.
I doubt it
Notice the word god doesn't appear anywhere? Keep it at home please, out of respect to your fellow humans.
Indeed!
Yeah, well let's follow it to the T.
you welcome ted cruz your master get more new paperwork forward
Take medical care away from Texans and see what happens in 2018....you'll be unemployed dude
To bad that you've taken a shit on it!
Hey Dems and Left please read
And the current Republican is trying to dismantle it all - Allowing Businesses to discriminate against LGBTQ Citizens
How can you have the audacity to propose to teach or preach to Americans anything regarding our constitution when Trump is shredding it?
And what would you know about that? You use it as your personal toilet paper...or something to stimulate yourself with.
Respect for the constitution and for you, Ted. I don't understand why so many hate you and hate Christianity. So weird to me.
What is happening with the El Chappo bill? anything?
We need Trey Gowdy has Deputy Attorney General to get real justice! Do you agree? It would break up the Mueller trio admiration society.
Happy Constitution Day Senator #TedCruz !
Please impeach trump
The Constitution created a Confederate Republic.
Freedom to watch what ya wanna watch, right Ted?
Remember it's for ALL people. Not just white Christian men. This document says you ant make me live by your faith. #TheResistance
If you were a real patriot you would not continue to support a treasonous president.
The constitution signed by 39 delegates not from this country with their own political interests in mind killings millions to take it all!
Happy Days are Here Again! Love, Sheriff Arpaio
The Constitution's first three words—We the People—affirm that the govt of the U.S.  exists to serve its citizens. How has GOP served us?
God Bless the USA
God t
A govt. run by "we the people" seems almost obsolete.  How is it that USA "doctrine" is so quickly rendered quite useless or ignored? Sad
Remember how the founding fathers all knew Christianity was a cancer? They were pretty vocal about it ...
And is being destroyed day by day by the House and Senate in 2017........thanks Ted
Hey Rafael "The Texas Tugger," how's it hanging?  Have you had any recent Town Halls?
Thank you Senator for sharing  a history lesson here.
Remember the Preamble and let us take care of ourselves and our Posterity! #noamnesty #nodaca
Yeah that's the only time they ever got together on anything
where's the power to create the holiday contained at in the Constitution?
#cuckservative #Canadian #NotEligibleforPresidency
If the liberal elites, democrats & elites in GOP weren't hell bent on destroying our constitution it would mean more. No amnesty for DACA
Even though @SallyQYates , proved, YOU DON'T REALLY KNOW IT! #PornAgainChristian #RealityKingTed
Ted you are a great human being and a great American Thanks for all your hard work and thanks for helping Trump
Anyone violating it?

@MariaBartiromo 
TAX REFORM NOW!
too bad gop is shitting on it
Words no contained in the Constitution: 

Christian 

Jesus

Christ 

Bible 

Heaven 

Hell 

Satan 

Prayer
@MariaBartiromo I'm not sure we can talk about this openly anymore it is after all History
Why on earth are you and the GOP letting Trump and his bunch violate and trample all over the constitution and law on a daily basis?
Lying Ted, founding fathers would be disgusted with quality of individuals that are in Congress today especially you
Save our healthcare Ted & vote NO on #GrahamCassidy

Watch as #CNN hypocrites get #Triggered when a #Conservative mentions #Boobs compared to their colleagues mentioning them. #MAGA #FAKENEWS 
And now it's not worth the cloth it was written on
The founding fathers would laugh in your face.
All that from ... are they mocking.., just pretending or what
Washington wasn't a delegate so the number of official delegates was 38. Secretary signed so that's 40 total. Close enough for govt work.
You should read it to Trump and explain what it means to him.
Cruz Vote no on ACA bill @LindseyGrahamSC is proposing. It's a deathcare bill.
The Scammy Businessman Trump said my daddy helped kill JFK. Said my wife was ugly. And I still kissed his ass.
Unfortunately they forgot the clause that keeps hateful cretins like you out of federal office.
And every one of them are embarrassed at how badly politicians are thanking them. You should all be ashamed.
You sold your family out, you have no standing Ted.
Was that the last thing signed? Kinda seems like it 
Shut it, Ted.
Yeah, the rule Trump doesn't follow and you and GOP enable him to ignore!
And today. It means nothing to our Congress or house of representatives. Its ez to read. But hard to understand when your a politician
Desperately trying to distract from last week yankin Ted Cruz?
Not a big lying Ted fan but big fan of the constitution 
And the Libs despise it
Don't click on this account. Something fishy about it. I clicked on link & it tried to update my IPhone.
I don't click on any links
Dude, you want to regulate other people's genitalia. That's you can't practice any self control  I would say that's pretty hypocritical.
3) You have shown complete disregard for the most basic principles of the American constitution. To put it simply YOU HATE FREEDOM.
I love our #secular constitution!  Founded on enlightenment principles! #EstablishmentClaus  #Article6
Surprised Blacks & Women don't call for a new #Constitution that at the time it is written actually makes them equal  #MoreThanAnAmendment
Tell that to DT Does he even know it exists I doubt it. Ask him to read it. If he can. Needs history lesson that pathetic old man
Bless your heart.
RT.what about defending the constitution? why do u sit in silence as the constitution is raped? Trump is in violation. wheres your balls? RT
And ten minutes later they all had themselves a good wank.  Right Ted?! 
Hahaha hahaha hahaha yeah right yankin Ted Cruz hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha
Mr. Cruz please read the constitution and then try defending it. You and your buddies allow Trump to negate its laws everyday! You don't act
Which articles and examples please?
Still looking for that supposed "right" to healthcare....
Ask the Supreme Court to Dumb it WAY DOWN for you
And nowhere does it say this is a Christian nation.
Vote no! We, your constituents don't want ACA repeal
The @DNC want to ban it. Why?
Here is the pic on their knees prayering for the 1time together.
This was on September of 1774
Must have been the first IPhone
Thank God they added Article V. It's time.
Ugh America hates you
2017, Democrats cherry picking on laws...
Our founding fathers would be rolling in their graves
Yes they would ..
Black man as president 
Women voting and working 
Kids in school instead of factories
Isn't it Wonderful!!
Unless you're Joe Arapio
Ummm... you know they put pardoning power in the constitution?
So much for the rule of law party .. racist must be protected in the new RwpubliKlan party
You do realize the KKK was founded by democrats right?
