I would love to hear you acknowledge rebuilding smartly, taking climate change into account.  I have empathy for victims. 1/
And support their needs,but you voted against Sandy aid which included preparedness money.  Houston needs to elevate and plan for new normal
Repent your climate change denier ways and carbon $ and be a force for change.  No taxcuts, investment!
Hey Ted, what goes around comes around. Do you remember the Sandy Aid you voted against and now you want aid for your state?
Ted you liar! I think we'll hold the money for 66 days, and make you squirm for it! You snake! #Conservatives #Texas #disasteraid
I wonder if schools  will use this as a case study for hypocrisy in politics. Ted is the example of all that is hypocritical
You did to us in the Northeast with Sandy hurricane and made us wait over a hundred days and making excuses now as to why you did that
Make the game surance companies pay.
Apologize for how you treated New Jersey during hurricane Sandy, creep
It takes a truly evil man to play politic with American lives. #hurricanehypocrite
How you change your tune when it hits your state
Like4 you did for Sandy victoms Right? #DoubleStandard
everyone remembers how you stood out wanting to deny Sandy aid. Was appalling. Your belittling Christie's outrage is gross.

dont blindly rebuild! use this difficult situation to correct out dated building codes. if you dont, next storms deaths on you
Socialist!!!
You refused to fund Sandy relief and then lied repeatedly about it, claiming pork that doesn't exist.
But face it Cruz - you don't really a shit about the people in your state (Texas)-all you care about is re-election!  #Resistance #Resist
When Hurricane Sandy caused widespread damage in NY & NJ-Ted Cruz was one of the loudest voices opposing federal disaster aid 4 the region..
Does not make you a Christian man, it makes you a political hack and I am so glad Chris Christie called you out on it. And you're a goddamn
Thank You Senator @tedcruz for your Leadership and Love for the Good people of Texas! #staystrongTexas #GodBlessTedCruz
Leadership would've been voting 2 ensure Americans recovering from Hurricane Sandy had the resources they needed. Hypocrisy isn't leadership
Now you believe in Federal Aid? http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/aug/30/ted-cruz/ted-cruzs-mostly-false-claim-two-thirds-sandy-reli/ … #AlternativeFacts
Vote Ted Cruz for prison!
A real shell of a man. Cruz falsely talks of why he didn't vote for aid to NY yet now will be begging aid for Texas. A shameful hypocrite. .
...Now that Cruz is asking 4 disaster relief 4 Texas in similar circumstances-he's naturally being asked about the apparent contradiction.
U r a hypocrite and a liar
The bill you help pass for woman getting insurance for in case of rape was wrong. Instead have men get insurance to paid.
Shame on you with all your lies
typical politician...ez to look good during disasters...can't handle real problems....right TED!!!
Spawn of Satan Cruz is cutting almost $1 billion from disaster accounts to help finance the president’s border wall.
U hypocrite!U think the only disaster victims deserving assistance r Texans.Fortunately,the rest of our hearts go out 2all,including Texans

New Jersey is behind Texans in prayer and when it comes time for Congressional aid. NJ residents still awaiting money to rebuild from Sandy!
hypocrite
MY SYMPATHY GOES OUT TO YOU AND  ALL THE BRAVE PEOPLE OF TEXAS
I agree 1,000% with what you said about politicians desperate to be on TV taking jabs at GOP when lives are in danger. No priorities !!!
Or holding up funding for hurricane recovery for lies. Might be one of the only times I agree with Trump. #lyinTed #hypocrite
TEXAS DELEGATION SHOULD HAVE BEEN IN UNITY FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP FROM THE VERY BEGINNING=SO STOP THE DOG & PONY SHOW! TX DOESN'T NEED YOU NOW!
FOR OVER 218 DAYS YOU DID NOTHING BUT FIND REASONS TO MINIMIZE POTUS TRUMP & AGENDA! NOW YOU CARE? CAMPAIGN TIME? LET THE TAXPAYER BEWARE!
I wish you were president...

Cruz has been on camera, but no photos of him helping in any other way!  Hands don't get dirty?  Pontificate on Cruz!!
Liar liar liar
The audio has been taken out of sync.  Your a target of the Left wacko's.  Not the first time.
CAN'T TRUST ANYTHING This COWARD Says!
Do you think it will take 91 days it did Sandy??
stand with Israel !
when it's ur state u want federal money, right Eduardo? But not 4 victims of #sandy ? #HarveyFlood #maga #resist @normangoldman
WHAT A TOOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Will you vote against aid if there is a little pork in it? #hypocrite
Everyone is taking advantage of this to showboat and grandstand .. garbage lip service
When I see @SenTedCruz chest deep in Houston flood waters helping people, then I'll start thinking he MIGHT give a damn. #SwingLeft
Unlike your failure to support Sandy victims
Rock port area is not getting any attention they are totally gone
Thank you @SenTedCruz, @POTUS @VP and @FLOTUS Texas families are blessed with your leadrship.
Cruz should be thrown out of office with his hypocrisy and lying. Yep, lying Ted!

We still don't want the #GOP tax plan & definitely not your #healthcare repeal
The question to ask is which did more damge, Harvey or years of Republican policies.
Ted Cruz God Bless you and may the Sacred Heart of Jesus Christ bless all of you and grant the blessing to Texas and everything you need.
Isn't government emergency assistance great Ted?
God, you are a hypocrite of epic proportions, @SenTedCruz
Ted u need to put a lid on it. You sound like DT more than u know. So lame
so what about you voting against aid for Hurricane Sandy, but expect it now? Typical @GOP hypocrites!!! #2018midterms
97% of climate scientists agree we are responsible for climate change. Give purpose to this tragedy. Let's fix this
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/aug/28/climate-change-hurricane-harvey-more-deadly …
The proper tools won't mean anything unless you agree with experts. You need to change your minds.
Vote for him Texas. He believes in climate change. It's not to late...but it will be soon. 
Donate  @BetoORourke
Thank you @SenTedCruz  for all your efforts you continue to put in Texas.  President and First Lady too. We are better togather.  #CruzCrew
I expect you will both keep the bill clean. @JohnCornyn
Good, but your hypocrisy re: Sandy is disgusting.

Great work you're doing @tedcruz!
I hear white "45 USA" hats are for sale on @realDonaldTrump website. Using tragedy to hawk merch. Classy
