Interesting that EPA and USDA employees have been banned from speaking publicly. Your thoughts, Ted?
@SocraticTense @POTUS Again I'm sickened to see a semi-Texan kowtow to a man who called your wife crazy & your dad an assassin.

Get his taxes! Get his portfolio!
so happy this is way better than any of us anticipated
What happened to your disdain and opposition to President Trump?
Amen! It's a great start-We the ppl want to see this exciting action oriented Administration & the (R) congress go big!
Senator Cruz I voted for you in the primary.  I am very glad you are supporting president Trump.  Try to reign in the 3 republican amigos.
How many perm. USA jobs? ~20? Ppl taking the risks & no benefit. How's it u don't praise jobs/savings 4 renewable energy?
sadly you both won't be alive when things get really bad for our climate.
#TestesLessTed , @SenTedCruz, examplifies his one-time criticism of @realdonaldtrump (who is the snivelling coward now?)
obviously is still trump
He did it because he has a financial interest in it. IMPEACH HIM.
Prove it. Warren Buffet had the most to gain with it not being approved and Obama was in his back pkt
"Energy Renaissance" at what cost? We plunder the earth to make a quick buck? Protect people = protect our ecosystem.
absolutely, here on gulf coast of Louisiana , we are ready .
#Christian @SenTedCruz: God's messages when @POTUS accepted #nomination & now when advancing #KeystoneXL?
#MustWatch
so let's #keeptheoilhome
more like a dark age.
its oil from canada
Thanks TED
America needs Clean Green Renewable energy to save the economy
"Energy Renaissance" = #alternatefacts
You should be fair and talk: "what can be done to unleash the American Oil & Coal Industry Renaissance"!
You don't even know what the Energy Renaissance is! You're doing it wrong!
"renaissance"
sad day for North Dakota and all Americans you lipless deviant.
good news for usa

meanwhile in #Flint Michigan ....#governmentstilldontcare #Priorities
yea that sludge crude will revolutionize energy. That is until the pipeline springs a leak.
very happy to see u supportive and engaged. I was with you all the way
this is scaring people. Have you been to #Flint lately?
Thanks for destroying Pennsylvania. We WILL remember what you have done to us! @SenTedCruz don't plan run for president.
PLEASE preserve and protect Native Americans land, Rivers & lakes. They are citizens, too. Protect there rights.
I like that!
"Today's @POTUS actions are just the beginning of what can be done to continue our legacy of exploitation of native peoples...
...and self-defeating wanton destruction of the planet we will leave to our children." Yay! Renaissance!
Please, you're a joke.
coal ain't coming back
Very disturbing now that the EPA has been crippled. We only have one planet. Where will we go if we poison this one?
Army of Engineers need to reroute the pipeline!! They say they will, but make sure they DO!
Please, Sir, have it rerouted around Indian territory. They have lost enough already!
And destroy the planet
I did not see the words renewable energy anywhere in your statement. Why isn't that a thing?
.@SenTedCruz .@POTUS If this unleashing could only CHOKE Texas that would be fine by me but it impacts us all #LyingTed #AlternativeEnergy
we export oil these days, idiot
I listened toMark Levin last night Ted, please accept the nomination if offered http://forSCOTUS.You  R PERFECTfor this.we luv U
nothing like tap water that catches fire
Create 1000 jobs to jeopardize millions of people. Great work. not. Wake up, and do what's right!!! #NoDAPL
lol.   Or send us back to the actual Renaissance...... what a goofball whom YOU let walk all over you . Weak
GO TED
Bullshit. Solar already employs more people than oil, coal and gas combined and is fastest growing industry in US.
YOU MEAN THE TURNCOAT GOP TERRORISTS' AGENDA IN THE MAKING FOR LAST THREE DECADES?  SCREW ECONOMIC TERRORISTS ~Y
and YOU MEAN JOB SLAVERY?
Guess who profits from this, 1/2 of the executive cabinet.
amen
Ted Cruz for Supreme Court!
