Because who needs clean air, right?
I hope you're also voting to repeal those nasty child labor laws!
Disastrous? Are you insane? You are ruining the slim chance of a decent future on this planet for future generations. Unbelievable!
Just like O'care, this bill had nothing to do with clean air
How discouraging.  Do you know the courage it takes to show you care about ALL Americans and the place we call home?
Jobs will mean nothing if the planet is destroyed in the process. Conservation is good business.
Jobs?  Bullshit.  You just want big buck donations from oil companies.  We aren't stupid.
Remember when he called your wife ugly and insinuated your father killed JFK? Anyway, enjoy working with him.
You suck so hard.
What are you talking about? Texas employs more people in wind power than any other state.
They want to mine in Alaska.  And those big oil companies don't want ANY EPA restrictions.  So they can make more money.
It’s gross.
So, we want to look and smell like Beijing. We want another dioxin pit on the San Jacinto.
We need to be able to reduce emissions and cost Innovation is a key
So the environment just doesn't matter at all? What about jobs for sustainable energy that we're losing out on with his policies?
Dallas and Houston beg to differ as well as others supporters of the Clean Power Plan.
https://www.edf.org/sites/default/files/content/list_of_supporters_of_the_clean_power_plan_in_court.pdf …

You are the best @ted
Yeah, destroy Mother Earth.  Get that MINE going in Alaska. Shutting down the EPA makes sense.  Did y'all fire all the EPA scientists?
Can I sue you when our air and water are no longer safe?
KEEP STANDING FOR TRUMP AND YOU WILL DO FINE IN FUTURE POLITICS
Did you read Al Franken's book? He has an entire chapter devoted to what a complete fucking asshole you are. It's hilarious, check it out!
How are you verified? #TwitterBias
It takes a special kind of #Simpleton to quote anything Al Franken has to say.
@SenTedCruz  please get the tax plan passed and get the RINO's on board..
So glad to know the environment means so little to you. #BetOnBeto
The war on coal is over as we see the war against science by our leaders continues #shameonyou
Please explain clearly how CPP is anti-jobs.  And/or, please clearly explain how CPP is "disastrous."
Senator Cruz. Many of my friends have lost their jobs in coal/ NG plants in NYS. Even after they installed clean coal technology in the plants. Now we are being supplied with power from Canada! That doesn’t make any sense.
Are your hands  in the oil, gas, coal industry? Quit denying what scientists are proving while profiting. Serve all people.
Do you not have anything to say about trumps mental unfitness? A prominent Republican expressed major concerns over his toddler mentality.
There's a reason reg. reform is the one area you're most optimistic about.  Let's keep it going.  The more influence you have, the better.
Trump "encouraging"? A traitor pointed out a habitual liar .u / Rand Paul should run to Restore right  leftist trump has  seriously LEFTED
What are you cray cray about??
@SenatorCruz_  @SpeakerPaulRyan @RepGosar @RepWebster @RepMarkMeadows @RepStefanik https://www.facebook.com/JudicialWatch/videos/10155375600221943/ …
#SAVE_UNESCO_FROM_QATAR_TERRORISM

Because you don't give a damn about the people who elected you!  WE WANT CLEAN AIR, WATER, AND POWER!!!
Looks like POTUS & Rick Perry are kicking some liberal asses. This pisses off the Siera Club it's gotta be good.
Go Ted!
Remember what he said about your wife
Have you lost your mind?  More pollution for Appalachia
Killing our planet, one poor decision after another. Shameful.
Because  Americans DON'T want clean air to breathe  or pure drinking water. We're just gonna die anyway, because no healthcare! Yay!
Great to see at least one of you get it! This is about our country and doing the bidding of the American people!! Do me a favor, show your ,
Fellow senators, in a public way, the actual electoral map. Help them understand just how many people they are Enraging!!
So..happy to poison us and our children all for rebekah,s money and Bannon support - got it @all100senators @txlege @txdemwomen
Thank You
Stay focused help get America out of this rut. Congress needs to do the heavy lifting. Pass legislation for the good of the people.
Now cut the subsidies for wind generation! That is in your cort!!
Cruz welcomes rollback of climate control policies as Texas struggles to recover from Cat 5 hurricane and citizens die in  Puerto Rico..
Teddy has your buddy Trump apologized yet for the degrading comments he made about Heidi during the primaries? NO! Keep  his ass LOSER!!
This is the response of someone who has no concept of the environment and the damage we are doing. Wake up Ted! Be part of the solution.
I really like clean air. I'll miss the improvements we've had in tge DFW area. I am discouraged.
Yeah, because who cares about the environment? Certainly not you!
Sadly discouraged to see you licking the boots of the guy who said your wife was ugly and your father associated with LHO.
Fake Russian ad out to ruin Cruz? What idiot would believe this is a good roll back for Americans? What's wrong with clean power? Evolve!
This from Public Enema number one
Listen to yourself!  Disastrous Clean Power Plan!  Really?  Are you hoping trump will give you another chance for a big WH job?
What is it with these old men fighting to drag us back into the past and risk the health and safety of their own kids and grandchildren?
You should really talk to your constituents. We want clean #wewantclean
I cannot figure out why I ever disliked you den Cruz
You are only one of the senators who have his back. You are too decent to disparage and disrespect the pres
You would. For the record, you are against clean power?
You would who needs clean air and water screw dirty coal
Be honest. You are letting polluters rub their hands in glee as they stick to the employees with black lung
You will rot in hell.
THANK YOU SEN CRUZ YOU ARE ALWAYS LOOKING OUT FOR THE PPL AND HELPING @POTUS KEEP HIS PROMISES TO THE PEOPLE
Go Cruz!!  MAGA!!  To hell with air and water!! Kill the wildlife and pollute streams!  Jesus Christ is Lord.
You are cheering the elimination of clean air protectons. Don’t suppose you mind chewing your air. You must both must be removed from office
America deserves a Clean Power Plan. It will preserve God's creation & create new types of jobs. Why are we going backwards? It's shameful.
Surely you jest! You represent my state and I truly feel unrepresented. Quit wasting tax $ on such a ludicrous endeavor. Change is coming.
Amazing that people automatically accept that legislative titles actually reflect what the legislation does.  Many are in fact Orwellian.
I am not surprised by your enthusiasm for the rollback. When your kids and grandkids have trouble breathing, they will think of you.
Pls reconsider your position majority of TX voters dont support rollbacks in regs that improve air and water quality
ted shame on you-your children and grandchildren will hate you for what your pack is doing the environment. and history will judge you
https://youtu.be/_wLJ3PAVxmw 
Interesting Ted, Texas is second in the nation with clean power jobs....#clueless in Houston
Living across from a coal mine, I can tell you they need more not less regulations
Start turning up the A/C and prepare for drought, too.  Oh, you'll be fine without water, right?
No!! Read the research on the effects of plant chemicals on health? Your kids to breathe arsenic daily? SMH @SenTedCruz represent people!
It will make no difference
MAGA!! Lets do this
Fuck yeah- pollute the air, pollute the streams, kill off wildlife, sell national park land, stop renewable energy!!  Sounds like a plan!
Please support Beto O Rourke for senate in 2018
What do you mean by disastrous? Even power producers were on board.
Are you kidding me?
Steve Bannon's little stooge.
Obviuosly, only ignorant individuals choose to reply. While those of who agree with are at work. Glad your here Ted. Thank you for what I do
Destroying the environment is not a good thing.
we don't need coal anymore when do you join today and stop living in the past?
"Disastrous Clean Power Plan" do you not know how fucking stupid that sounds? Clean power is a disaster! Let's keep coal!!
Oxymoron
Really? Pro jobs? Water you can’t drink, air you can’t breathe! THAT’S your priority? Stupid is as stupid does.
Except it doesn't matter. Free markets are killing coal.
Correct
Another thought from a disaster of a human being gleefully destroying the world his children will inherit.
Jesus will same him!  And for you and your family:,
Suck up! Karma's got your number!
Why are you the only GOP incumbent Bannon supports? As your constituent this is 1 more reason I will work to replace you with @BetoORourke
Mercer.  Mercer.  Mercer $
you're cold so you burn down your house to warm things up.
Turning back the clock?
You realize that you live on this planet too right?
You are a bunghole.
DO YOU EVER SIT DOWN OR SLOW DOWN ALWAYS DOING SOME SORT OF THING?i am glad you are for we the people   THANKS!!!!!!!!
You don't care about clean air and the environment?
Nothing better than pulling my camper with my dually and getting 16mpg, do that with a Prius
All I remember is how @realDonaldTrump expressed him self about your wife! You just took it and pin it like a badge. #MAGA
Maybe we will be able to afford electric again,oh ya and gas,and my personal favorite diesel fuel
Hope you get black lung!
Yay!
YES
Here's something you can work on, get a spine and stand up to Trump, he is destroying our country
How about you support TX jobs by demanding coal subsidies get dumped for solar and wind incentives?
Why exactly is the plan "disastrous "?
Pro job?  Who knows? New technologies are the future, this is going backwards!  And pro illness too!  And pro-natural disasters!
Don't for get about your own disaster and the needs that are still so great #Houston #Harvey #NoFamilyLeftBehind  https://www.facebook.com/gmtafterdark/posts/523296238005930 …
Kakistocracy is a term derived from a Greek word, it means, literally, government by the worst and most unscrupulous people among us.  CRUZ
What, do you own stock in coal? Don’t you know that Texas is (was) a leader in clean energy. It wouldn’t surprise me if you didn’t.
yelp. We need more storms!
You’re another RINO Cruz. You proved that with your vote to not repeal Obamacare.
Bannon says, "Primary everybody in country but Cruz." I hear, "We can't find a bigger a** in Texas than @SenTedCruz."
HAHAHAHA kill more coal miners n then cut there healthcare? u r disturbed.
Now that EPA no longer protects the environment what will you be calling it?
Lies Lies and more lies the GOP has lost many
This is definitely in the top 10 reasons why we need @BetoORourke for Senate 2018!
Yes indeed
How can clean water be disastrous? I would think poison in the water would be disastrous.
As the implications of this become clear, all of your children will hate you forever.
Great job!  
Please do all you can to help him
You're nothing more than a shill for the fossil fuel lobbies.  You could care less about America or its people.
You won't get to keep working with a "fucking moron" after 2018!

We need to put you in adult daycare as well, so someone can review your tweets, too.

Can't you hear how stupid it sounds to say "disastrous Clean Power Plan"?

Repeal and replace Lyin Ted in 2018!
Yes, because I Rafael want everyone to have the same water as Flint, MI, and as the GOP we don’t give a fuck about the environment!
Yep, cause we certainly don’t need clean air on this planet.

Brilliant
@BetoORourke for Senate in 2018! Hopefully it won’t be too late to reverse the damage that the GOP is doing to this country! #VoteOutCruz #Vote2018
Ted cruz i get more job plan Wednesday yes 2,600 texas name in big time your master
Yeah. I mean, no one gives a shit about clean water 
Your spineless.
yeah who wants clean power when we can turn back the clock to dying industries like coal who are lining your pockets? 
Don't need jobs if you kill everyone by choking them with pollution.
Thank you for supporting our Presidet's agenda
Who will work those jobs after people die?
Regulations like this don’t improve air/water quality They only take $ from consumers/taxpayers & give 2lobbyists
u should become majority leader instead of traitor McConnell, have a true conservative lead
You people won't quit until we're all wallowing around in a sea of sludge.  Don't you care about what happens after you're gone at all?
Pro jobs, how about breathable air.
Yes! We need to kill more children with asthma!
Alternative energy is creating many more jobs than fossil fuels. It’s not close. Stop protecting big oil.
Since you can't stand up for Texans and allow us to breathe clean air, then Beto O'Rourke will be getting my vote.
In other words "I can probably profit off of this. I approve."
Natural gas is the death of coal, but the environment will be the rest of us all unless this madness stops.
Noticed a typo. Think you meant "to wreck the environment and the lives of future generations"

And no 1st amendment rights. You have shown your colors. AGAIN
You're just sitting in your pants because being and said he's not going to primary you and now you're kissing Trump's ass
I will never understand how or why you got elected.
If you want your children to breathe clean air and swim in fresh water, vote @BetoORourke in 2018! #BetoForTexas #BetOnBeto #LoseCruz
Taking the country backwards and harming Americans. Great plan!
1/ having lost both of my parents to pancreatic cancer because of TENORM from working in the oil fields in the 70s & 80s, I’m appalled that
2/ you would be happy about getting rid of regulations that make people safer in this country.  Have you ever lost someone to pancreatic
3/ cancer? It is one of the most difficult things to witness!  My mother died at 55, my father at 62.  How are you going to explain to
4/ children who begin losing their parents or visa versa because of this ignorant and asinine change in policy? Oh that’s right, you’re just
5/ going to make damn sure they have no access to affordable health care, I mean kill em all off quickly right? You’re a piece of shit!
I like to breath. Let me pay nominally higher fees, not out the wazoo just to breath or subsidize treatment of preventable health probs.
What is all the fuss about clean air,  you can just get these online:
Polluted air increases autism rates!  What is @GOP doing? @autismspeaks
You're killing our planet.
Exactly what part of protecting the #environment & people's #health do you find so disastrous? Do you care about anything but industry?
Just send the jobless to Kansas - we have jobs but no people.They left after @govsambrownback screwed everything up with his tax cuts! @GOP
Are ALL conservatives science ignorant? But then they’re ignorant about so much.
Who needs clean air, I say!!!
YEAH !!!!!!!! THANK GOD O MIGHTY!!!

Thank you Senator Cruz for being one of the TRUE PATRIOTIC Senators that stands by the President for the good of the American people.
Senator Cruz, you are one of the only ppl in Congress that I trust.  Thank you for your service to all of us.
You just don’t understand clean air
This is what you want?
Yaaaa who wants clean power anyway. We  dirty power (cough cough).
yeah who needs clean air and water anyways
BullShit! Ted. I am greatly encouraged to see you kissing Trump's ass instead of representing Texans in the Senate.
Thank you Senator Cruz now my children can breath in polluted air and drink contaminated water but your energy donor's will be happy
God is watching you lick Trump's boots after he insulted you, your wife and family. He forgives, people don't - nice legacy
The Plan was pro-Jobs, you porn-watching fool!
Yeah who needs clean air! Clean air is bad! See how ridiculous u sound! Kinda like hanging with trump after he insulted ur wife!!! #magadumb
Of course YOU are happy. Whatever sucks and hurts people makes you delirious. Because you're a sociopath.
Do you realize what an oxymoron statement that is How is a plan to clean our air being removed good for our country or world  #MURDERERS
"disastrous clean power" sounds like an oxymoron. Surely there are jobs to be created in the clean power industry.
We live in a headline society. Read beyond the title. After all, ACA hasn’t exactly been affordable.
Thanks for always being forward thinking and focusing on the future.  So smart to not get caught up in scoring short term political points.

I'm sure ur daughters will appreciate choking on filthy air. Line those pockets in spite of your daughters. All about the $$$$  #moronsclub

It's always a good time to remind you that you can support Beto O'Rourke who's running against Ted Cruz here 
 http://betofortexas.com  
