God bless America and God bless Texas!
Cheryl Lynne Oropal...Just another angry person, who lost her gov. assistance.
She's also been asking for the assassination of Trump.
Yes, she's awful! We all saw that. Please report her to FBI and Secret service, like we did. I'm sure they are keeping an eye on her.
I did. I can't believe @Twitter hasn't suspended her. They've suspended conservatives for nothing and she gets away with her vile tweets
Champions forest coming together for a nursing home rescue. My husband, friends, and Klein Fire Department banding together!
Hi, Angela! Did you film this? Do we have your permission to use on all ABC News platforms and its partners?
Yes I filmed this and you have permission to use it. My name is Angela Kaatz and James Kaatz was in the video doing rescues!
No black against white against brown against red in Texas AND Texas is a Trump state. AMAZING!
Rescue efforts in Champions forest with my husband, our friends and so many volunteers! Community banding together
This is what America is! It's beautiful to watch people pull together.
I don't know if there is a journalism award for 13s coverage but they sure get the human star form me great job!!
#unity
my friends are with the Cajun Navy..If you need help, download Zello, this is the Cajun Navy app.
Great work to you and your cameraman @TedABC13 for the past few days. Many around the country would not know of this effort. 
cc: @televisionmaker
Thank you! Credit to @televisionmaker as well as @TedABC13, well deserved.  They are our eyes, voice, ears, and heroes. Much love!

Texas Dunkirk
God's life assurance.
Amen!! The American Spirit is alive!! TEXANS 
These poor people. Plz keep them in your prayers.
That's what we're all about
Funny don't see the masked Antifa heroes wading around helping out.
I'm on my computer in Canada, at 1am, matching rescuers with ppl needing help.  Too hot for a mask, sorry
Stow the BS.
Do you want access to the network?  I am seriously sitting in Canada, trying to save Texans.  Humble your political bs
Thx but your help isn't needed. Take a hike.
Texans: be sure to file for #Harvey relief before Sept 1. #TXlege passed a bill making it harder to dispute weather-related property claims


all those left poor and needy from Hurricane really need that penalty for not having health insurance. Good thing we still have that.
Outstanding coverage @tedabc13 and @abc13houston We have been watching for hours.
We’ve been watching for days. They have to be exhausted.
I was thinking the same thing.

#remembersandy
Did you just give up on posting to the @POTUS account?   Where are the retweets, Dan?
~ Americans have each other's backs when it counts! Let's make it count Each and Every Day- We can do this!!
Omg
So true.  Our love and respect for each other

That the way supposed to be. ALL LIVE MATTER.
@ONYGovCuomo  This is why they should accept help from anyone who offers.  Because we are all Americans helping Americans!
@JoelOsteen nowhere to be found.
Or the alt/left can't break! No matter how hard they try!
We are America !!! Forget all the haters, Dems, libs, Antifa-rt, BLM... we are a great and caring country  #MASA 
Amen n God Bless 

@KamVTV @TedABC13 Amen praying for all of TX!
This is America not ANTIFA, not fake race-riots, not kkk, not BLM , not liberal race lies and propaganda and hate for our police!

what does this have to do with #HurricaneHarvey

what does this have to do with #HurricaneHarvey




The Best of America  No one does it better.



It warms my heart to see so many fellow Houstonians helping each other. #HarveyWon'tBreakUs #HoustonStrong
The nation's hearts and prayers are with all of TX.
cool
Dayton needs help Trinity river flooding from Livingston dam opening. People have been told to evacuate and no shelter has been setup there
GOD BLESS TEXAS
That is the real America, not the decisive crap abc has been promoting. Thank you for once not spinning the news into hate speech
This at Tidwell/Beltway 8 North.
Sorry about your house, keep your head up, it will get better
No problem I live between Mont Belvieu and Dayton. We have to look out for our neighbors, do what we can to help. Even a kind word can help
I'm just checking in on you, are you and your family safe? I just saw they are evacuating a shelter in Baytown.
Are you at a shelter, once the water recedes if there's anything I can do to help you, I will just let me know & remember it Will Get Better
Houston the realest @PUSHA_T
