How is owning an arsenal of guns a Constitutional right but control of one's uterus is not???
So, the baby, in the woman's uterus, is property??
But yes I own my uterus and everything that goes on in it.
So, your uterus is just property and likewise any children that you have or may have??
Ted Cruz thinks he should make medical decisions about my body for me. I disagree.
So,  he's actually filled out medical papers on your behalf??
He's trying to with laws that prevents me from controlling med decisions about my body. Deciding what med treatments I'm allowed to get.
So you know him personally?? He's not trying to do that to me.
Prioritize the living. Prioritize actual people. Do something to end massacres. These things do not happen in other countries
"Do something to end massacres." Well, that's exactly what he's trying to do!!
Focus on actual people. Actual living people need help.
So, unborn babies aren't "actual living people"??
Prove you care about the living. Support healthcare. Support access to birth control. Tx leads the world in maternal deaths due to GOP.
Support reasonable gun laws - a woman is shot every 16 hours. There are more guns than people in the USA.
Says the person complicit in the mass murder of children and tourists by preventing common sense gun control and taking $ from the NRA.
Save your BS!  When you can care about the 40 or more Millions of babes ripped apart in their mother's wombs , let us know!
For someone who is all about limiting government overreach, your interest in my uterus seems a bit hypocritical.
Would you say that if you had cancer of the uterus??
Does it defund PP? If not it's a hollow victory.
But, it's a good one!!
How so? The killing continues.
Anything that prevents babies from being murdered in the womb is good.
So, then you should agree with me that PP needs to be defunded, because if you're trying to save babies...
That is good BUT is that child before 20 weeks not a child?? Really????!
The government has No right 2 tell a woman she can't  have an abortion! Don't like abortions but not my choice. Many reasons 4 abortions
I didn't know it was possible to hate a human being as much as I fucking detest ted cruz
@tedcruz is @SenSanders daddy in debate
Women get scan at 20 wks for life-threatening defects. Now they can't have a choice. VAST majority terminate WANTED pregnancies after 18 wk
IF life threatening to mom, that's different. NOT because mom doesn't want an imperfect baby. Come on.
You don't understand the emotional scarring it is to carry a baby to term that won't live. "Boy or girl?!" "when are you due??" for 5 months
Only to watch your baby suffer for the duration of his/her life
It's funny how banning abortion will make abortion magically disappear but banning guns won't stop gun crime. Crazy how that works.
Thank you. God bless
If you guys put as much time into important things like you do with women's health, you'd actually accomplish things
If y'all put as much time into gun control as you do controlling women's bodies,  we wouldn't have any mass murders.

Kindly keep your religion out of private medical decisions. If you were truly pro life you would support affordable health insurance

My God is not as closed minded as some. My God understands that there are circumstances where abortion is the right choice.
Whether I would choose or not choose to have an abortion is irrelevant. I would not force someone to have a child. That is up to them.
I hope so. People are rightly mourning the loss of 59 lives in Vegas. Perhaps we can save some young lives
Nothing destroys more life than abortion. Any laws that have restrictions are welcome. The senate must approve this bill. Also Defund P P.
What gives the govt the right to tell me what I can do w my body? I hope u lose your next bid 4 office. For any office. Get a pulpit
The same one that let's you try to take my guns. Remember that only in the last 44 yrs has abortion been legal. Don't get pregnant.
Pro life also includes help for PR and sensible gun safety. Also provide free/low cost birth control, med care for kids so moms feel safe.
Yes.  This Congress keeps taking our health care.  Let's take theirs.

The criminals trying to destroy our America are Democrats or like George Soros paying the bills for our deaths.
Cruz takes money from oil companies that pollute our air and destroy our land. That's destroying our planet! Stay stupid lady, kill us all
If you’re forcing women to have children, shouldn’t you pick up the tab for their medical costs instead of having health care repeals INCREASING costs for pregnant women?
#CHIP
Rightly
You know what actually prevents abortion?  #CHIP.
Yesterday you spoke to a hate group.
You're a fool to not remember what happened in your own state.

Mothers don't get prenatal care, get pregnant when advised not to, family history not shared. Don't blame Ted.
Highest. Maternal. Mortality. Rate. In. The. Developed. World. Deserves. Priority.
Unimaginable to kill a baby after 20 weeks.
If you researched anything, you'd know most were wanted pregnancies that are not compatible with life. These are also only 1% of abortions.
I don't want to research such horrifying things.
You can't have a thoughtful debate without knowledge. Start here.
First, @RepTrentFranks, you should know that “late-term abortion” is not a medical term. At all. Anti-abortion advocates made it up.
We control female bodies? If so there would never be abortion clinics. Babies would be put up for adoption like before 1973. I'm 60
What's up with the separation of powers trying to hog tie Trump so he can't do anything about Mueller or pardon? Don't let this happen!
Never be a sheep but you follow trump so blindly.
No one follows Trump blindly. We are capable of envisioning the good we all want for our countrymen. He will accomplish it.
Yes they do. He's an imbecile and a total embarrassment for a president. If people can't see that then they are blind sheep.
more babies are murdered at PP than by GUNS congress is OK with that.
Stop legislating my body and what goes on between Dr and patient. If you have a penis you don't get a vote.
That's our Ted. Clearly knowing all about women's bodies.
The senate can’t do anything swiftly
Awesome!  Now, DEFUND planned parenthood!  Hate tax dollars paying for abortions.  You play you pay for it yourself. Not my problem.
Thank you!!!

Chances are the Senate won't send it doesn't want to do anything when it comes to the president there are a joke and they're not for the ppl
Yes. Please!!!
What sweet news, finally! If you don't want a baby don't get pregnant. Abortion a must, get it before 19 weeks.
Do you even try to understand what these parents go through?
Start regulating guns and start regulating my uterus no it’s not RIGHT ITS WRONG!!  ITS NOT YOUR BODY!! Stop being tyrannical!!
Much like the Veterans Administration debacle, TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz will do nothing again.

I wish you were head of the Senate instead of McConnell.
This is not even an important issue
Cruz pandering to the various groups. He doesn't actually believe in anything, stand for anything, or care about anything. Except himself
No way, Jose.
This week after the LV shooting, the left tells us how much they value each life.  Remind them that babies are people too!
1 abortion=1breast cancer,2 abortions=@ breast cancers, three abortions= whole body cancer because Progesterone lasts 9 months till due date
When will the Senate Pass anything?
@SenateMajLdr 
#Kateslaw
Planned Parenthood.Why aren't they informing patients about the high cancer risk  of  having an abortion due to Progesterone interference?
It's a start. Ban them all. #ProLife #DefundPP
Stop regulating my uterus! Start regulating guns!!!! Fools! You’re not pro-life your pro controlling women! Handsmaid!
IT DOESN'T HELP WHEN YOU IGNORE THE KIDS THAT ARE BORN! YOU TAKE AWAY HEALTH CARE FOR KIDS & WON'T PASS STRICTER GUN LAWS FOR THE NATION!
Thank you.  Planned parenthood kills more people everyday than anyone else.
Thank God for that!  Thank you Senator, in advance for helping the Senate push it on through.  At least millions of babies will be saved.
Last night you were as useless as ever. Enjoy your trip down the hopper, has been!
Good first step but life begins at conception therefore the 14th amendment bans ALL MURDER OF BABIES!!!
How many Woman did you talk to before doing this ? Now doctors face 5 years in prison for heaping  Woman ?
Why don't you have the same drive for gun control ? O I know Woman don't fill your pockets with Money like the NRA does
It's too soon to have this conversation. we need to wait!
But nothing concerning gun violence because having an abortion is murder and a mass shooting is the price for our 2 amend right...
Why do you hope that? Are you pregnant? Dont make no sence you as a man, telling females What to do, and dont with such personal matter.
As a man, he is the other half of the human beings slaughtered in the womb. Yes, he definitely has a say.
But does SHE have a say?? by law, this law, she doesent...#SpecialKindOfStupid
Waiting to see how many members will adopt children @SenTedCruz @SenatorTimScott &@RandPaul
You wanna protect babies think about gun control
This is the least of your problems. Climate change guns carnage disasters deficits. Focus on the living
You cannot claim to be pro-life and be unwilling to address gun control.
Good luck.   McConnell hasn't passed anything yet.  Make him step down or retire.
Yeah, lots of hope in the Senate.  That's about all you guys can do
All abortions are evil
#NotGoodEnough #AbortionIsMurder
The party of life does noting in the face of a mass killing. Nice.
Nope. Your fake concern with the lives of others ends at birth. Show concern for the already here first, those to come will be better off
Ted, You know the Senate Won't pass this bill-to their shame they won't
Did he do the shooting? Was he possibly “invaded”? Too many unanswered questions........
HOW can a baby not be human 2 minutes BEFORE it's born, then be human 2 minutes AFTER it is born?
Get bent, Ted. #BetoForTexas
Unconstitutional
This may be the best compromise. Money to help young women in trouble must still be available.
This, like most things, should be up to the citizens NOT overbearing federal government
murdering innocent babies shouldn't be anyone's right and it should be banned outright
How about common sense gun control to save lives? Or let's restrict gun ownership to 20 weeks!
A small step in the righteous direction. Yes , one can only hope Senate will fallow suit. Thx MAGA
Stop regulating my uterus! Start regulating guns!!!! Fools!
Murder!
Religious zealot!
Better hurry! How many will die in the interim?
Enjoy your last year. Cuz lyin Ted you're getting the big ole Tx boot. Maybe you can become a prison guard for Donny.
Ban abortions but gun control? Not so much huh ! Pro life isn’t what you care about !!
Let's concentrate on the children already born for affordable healthcare, education and to grow up without gun violence.
So, the 55+ million Americans, who have been murdered in the womb since 1973, are not children of importance??
Thank you! Great job!
What about assault rifles?
 enjoy your last term; people get less stupid every day, unfortunately for you.
It won't because ya'll put McConnell in charge. Bet he won't even let it be voted on.

Now defund PP! 
Full repeal of ACA!
Investigate criminal politicians & charge them. Big list of them currently. 
Recall Maxine to start out
If you can put the emotion aside - it's clear that society in general is better off with abortion being legal and safe for the mother
That will only work if you force @SenMajLdr to drop the 60 vote cloture requirement to 51. Otherwise, Dems will continue butchering
You're the worst.
Women will be traumatized & their lives risked bc you don't believe in ACTUAL SCIENCE.
First, @RepTrentFranks, you should know that “late-term abortion” is not a medical term. At all. Anti-abortion advocates made it up.
Abortion, abortion...but to hell with gun control... you're Not pro-life
Sure, because after the shooting, we must force pregnancies to deny CHIP and provide fodder for another shooting.

Did your compadre Murphy know the bill was about abortion before he supported it or after he asked his mistress to have one?
20 weeks is still to late! They can feel pain at 12 weeks?
#BanAllAbortions
#AbortionIsMurder
Helluva statement from a person who doesn’t have a womb.
But, his statement is a FANTASTIC ONE since he is a person who is a FATHER!!
This will kill women.
If I stockpile guns in my uterus, will you quit trying to regulate it?
Why? Cause we need more targets for mass shooters?
Just LessCrookedJudges LessDirtyDA's  
It's @Time @NRA JoinsFightAgainst CorruptElects 2JustlyDefend1st&2nd Arm #DomesticViolenceSurvivors
..Not Violators
7 Deceptive Claims Jimmy Kimmel Made About Guns in One Monologue
http://dailynews-united.com/7-deceptive-claims-jimmy-kimmel-made-guns-one-monologue …
Women's rights are legislatively being abolished, It is so wrong
Yes, Bravo to you being so "pro-life", except when it comes to being out of the womb, healthcare and sensible gun laws. Bottom feeder....
How will banning abortions stop people from getting abortions? if #guncontrol won't work, why would aborition control?
Culture wars
Somehow I don't know think they will. A bunch of lying cowards.
Job well done!
Stop regulating my uterus! Start regulating guns!!!! Fools!
Government small enough to fit between a woman's legs
Light some fires under butts to get work done!
BLOCK Obama from $1 Million demand from Congress!
SAVE THE ALAMO! GeoPBush destroying it!
This is what you're worried about!! What about
#Harvey 
#Irma
#PuertoRico
#Russia
#Healthcare

God bless your efforts to save the unborn children @SenTedCruz.
#MAGAMoronsAreGoverningAmerica
Take your Bible and walk away.
Keep your rosaries off our ovaries.
Monster.
Gun reform.
Seth Meyers to Congress: If you aren't going to take action on gun violence just admit it
http://dailynews-united.com/seth-meyers-congress-arent-going-take-action-gun-violence-just-admit …
Let's PRAY they do, Ted.
Yes let's. Use me and together we can accomplish nothing.
Stop lying #FakeChristian
Research: Bans on abortion after 20 weeks disproportionately affect young people & poor people #NoAbortionBan http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1363/4521013/full … https://twitter.com/ReproRights/status/914897770560888833 …
Stop lying #FakeChristian
Hi Rep. Trent Franks. I’m a researcher and abortion provider. This isn’t actual science. I’d be happy to educate you about it if you’d like. https://twitter.com/RepTrentFranks/status/914889566825385985 …

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
Because you don’t understand tax loopholes that are being used by the rich and this will close them.
It also doubles the standard deduction which is typically only used by the middle and lower class, so that is a huge tax break for them!
Hahahahaha riiight. Link to your SMEs.
A few thoughts on this. I’m not seeing *anything* that benefits the lowest-income 35% of TPs, while the top 1% gets trillions of tax cuts. https://twitter.com/Goldfarb/status/913045734366248960 …
Let's go all the way and ban it completely on the grounds of murder, denial of right to life.
are u talking about guns or abortion?
It's a relief to know we can count on you. Soon I pray @judgeroymooreAL will join you. @ChuckNASCAR
Absolutely!!
I hope you will value Americans right as much and pass common sense gun control if you are worried about life start with gun control
Do you believe guns or mental health is the real root of the issue with these shooting??
his tweet says the House passed it yesterday? In the senate now.
If you're going to start curbing judicially upheld rights, how about starting with guns?
If the gutless #RINOS think it'll hurt @POTUS they won't pass it
The senate wont' do shit they never do - I say we vote ALL of them out!
Now let's get it lowered to 0 weeks
George you don’t have a womb so you don’t get to make that decision for some woman you may or may not know- stop being a control fanatic!
