Good comfoshosly abrahim algafary 
يجب ان تعيدوا تقيمكم لان الحكومة راح تقلب عليكم لان ايران تحالفت مع روسيا ..كل لعمك ترامب خلي يتلاحك نفسه
#Iran has joined #Iraq attacking #Kurdistan, you need to act now, no time for chat.  Freedom for the last holdout of Christianity in ME
If America truly wants to bring freedom to the middle East,shouldn't it start with our best partner the #Kurds Create and Protect #Kurdistan
#Iran gunning down #Kurdish freedom March...  https://youtu.be/QZ5TtMLu1Uw  Xaneqin Kurdistan @Potus, Gloves are off...
Support the Kurds totally, the only sane people out there.
. @POTUS @VP @statedeptspox #RexTillerson
Wouldn't it be better to thump them upside the noggin and make THEM reevaluate?
I mean, we lost 5,000+ soldiers to fix that country.
You mean the way that our "president" acts?
Absolutely Senator. Time is running out. We need to act fast..

Iranian militias are deeply embedded within the Baghdad government and took advantage of President Obama’s misguided notion that Iran could be a partner for peace. We agree w/ Cruz on this statement. Look at Kirkuk for how misguided our policy is in Iraq.
#TrumpBarzani should have meeting soon ! to start  Irani freedom operations ! #kirkuk #Kurdishreferendum   #IranDeal
We NEED to assist the Kurds weather a strong statement to leave em alone or something Ted!  Help!
I would love to know how much do you know about Kurds? but please don't you cant count what you see on TV
Didn't they just whoop ISIS out of Raqqa?
Kurds joined ISIS. look at ISIS attack on Iranian parliament; dummy
@SenTedCruz We should be backing our allies, not the enemy! #SupportKurdistan  #Peshmerga
Those who deserve our support are the Kurds. Let the rest devour themselves.
Iran is far more reliable than the US has been.
Senator Cruz, Plz table a resolution to arm the Kurds directly. Not through Bagdad.
@ParwizChicho lol. It's too late dude. You have given Iraq to Iran since 2003
And US government should support independent Kurdistan.
Why the F are we supporting them in the first place. STOP GIVING OUR MONEY TO OTHER COUNTRIES
Iraqi are pathological liars and they are pro Iran and nothing else and not pro America or west or east
with the blood, flesh, bone and treasure we have lost there, we should own the friggin oil! sheesh
Agreed. Cut the umbilicus.
yes please get out of Iraq  an middle east , dah
Applying the law in a peaceful way is not an assault. 

Nothing new here!
How about right now before there is one more life lost?
Sounds good to me
They are Not acting but they are a poppet  of Iran
If the U.S. keeps acting as a puppet for Israel
What a meaningfulness comment..!! We already told you before ( Hashd-Al shaabi = Iranian Pasdar) ..!!
By the time u re-evaluate ur ass Iran has colonised the entire middle east. Ur ignorance can't be ur stupidity, it is definitely a strategy.
Too bad you have zero influence Ted.
#SupportKurdistan
#SupportTheKurdi
Rafael, how’s Steve?
And do what ??  Leave again ??  #noplan
Nuke them.
We set it up that and are now reaping the rewards.  We should get out altogether.
What about your boy @realDonaldTrump , the puppet of Putin and Russia?
ABSOLUTELY brin them home!
But you created the mess, speak on that. Do you miss Saddam?
It has already happened. The #IRGC commander was in #Kirkuk attacking Kurds. #SupportKurdistan
Iraq does no longer exist, it exists only on paper. Its time to split it, so that no arab could ever murder a kurd again
Go solve ur own problems,@BernieSanders just kicked ur ass on air,Iraq is had enough of ur interventions
Support #Kurds
Add them to the unholy. Russia, Syrian, Turkey alliance, though #truth is a founding member. #freekurdistan
if...?
good morning..
Very True.  Partner with the Saudis to defend against Iran and start targeting their harboring of terrorism.
We should support Kurds and Israel. Only true allies in the area.
It already is.
Anyone could see this coming. When Husain fall started this all. Thankyou Bush.
The #Kurds sought independence
#Iran won't allow that
#Turkey won't allow that
The Ram & Goat may battle over this
#WatchTurkey
#supprtkurdistan #kurdistanblockade
Crypes!
Usa partners shiite militants
Kilds Kurds 
https://mobile.twitter.com/thevocaleurope/status/921035080298098688 …
With guys America
SENSITIVE |

Iraqi militias reportedly firing on Kurdish protesters in Khanaqin. Reports of casualties: 
In my humble opinion: It is past time to cut Iraqi...loose. Why are we still sending brave soldiers to these God forsaken hell holes
What???
Trumppuppet, where is the CHIP funding, money for TX, but not for kids.
I like you more now than I did 2 years ago
The president is a puppet of Putin. Ur a puppet of the Kochs. Don't throw stones ur voters will re evaluate their support if U and ur party
This is simply beyond your power to control Iran who are actually sole power in midst ruler of Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Yeamen,Qatar & so on
Well...."DUH"......
We should recognize Kurdistan.
A puppet?  First of all Iranians have done way more to help Iraq than the US.  Remember what these people suffered at the hands of the USA?
Fun fact! When we "liberated" Iraq the idea of a for profit healthcare system was so laughable we paid for their national health.  The @GOP funded a national healthcare system.. Can America get some GOP love?
We destroyed the country.  We have to support it, or it becomes a terrorist breeding ground.   (It probably already is.) You want to bail?
Kind of how you seem to be acting like a puppet for Trump? I mean all the crude things he has said about you and still pulling your strings
I’m shocked that these republicans stand by him after some of the crap he’s said about them.  I would’ve said FY
Partners iran. The gun is american. Militant Iran
Other way around. Our only true friend in the region.
For how much longer will you be acting as a puppet of the man who insulted your wife...?
always
