The US government is seeking the criminal forfeiture of $14B+ in drug proceeds & illicit profits from El Chapo. http://bit.ly/2otlZ7B  
Or maybe have that money invested into the educational system since schools all across the country look & feel just like prisons
How about you home school your kids & actually let the government do the job its supposed to
Ok liberals.  If your opposed to this idea that means you really hate the USA.
Or that $14 billion could be used for education, healthcare, infrastructure. Something that will actually better America. Smh
*SJW
GO TED GO!!! That's our Teddy!!!
If he has kids (el capo) he cant do it
Glad you know who el chapo is. So you must know that cartels can build tunnels to go right under that useless wall.
You know so little about technology.  try learning about motion sensor cables used in prison construction ... among other technologies
Actually, the only feasible "wall" is technology.  Drones along the border monitoring activity.  Much cheaper than a physical wall.
The walls that surround you have been doing their job of keeping illegals and criminals out of your home, right?
Your argument makes no sense. Tunnels are easily built below a wall. No need for tunnel into my home...
Ever heard of building deep?  Even if they attempt to dig a tunnel, they'll crush themselves by disturbing the foundation of the wall.
They can dig the tunnels deeper too...
Your tunnel argument totally destroys your drone idea. Admit it, you are against effective border control and law enforcement.
Yea Explain why supporting a failed policy of drug law enforcement has a greater priority than student loans or drug education programs.Apart from being highly costly, drug law enforcement has been counterproductive. Current drug laws need to be relaxed. Drug war is a failure
Bravo...taking money from drug criminals to pay for the wall to slow illegals and stop drugs!
Are you going to help all the people in TX affected by this land grab to build a easily climbed wall?  A true texan would not support this
THE WALL Sen Cruz
Smart
Good idea Cruz!! I'm a Texan I've seen 1st hand what an open border has done to my community.
Dear Ted, I have not been in church for a long time. I seem to remember the thou Shalt not Steal commandment. This is stealing.
in addition why would we want to use the wealth of a murderer, and a criminal to build a wall. This is blood money, why do you want it?
Also, I seem to remember all of you R's complaining about drug problem, maybe use the money to fund rehab, drug prevention, mental illness
things that are a direct result of these man's actions. Not a stupid wall no one wants, or thinks will change anything.
Also here is why this idea is a bad one. First passing a law for civil forfeiture for el champo means all levels of govt can seize his asset
which means counties and states with his assets can seize those assets and use it for what they want to use it for. 14b will become 1B.
Now you can say you passed the law to use it just for the wall.  But making the argument in court that the wall supercedes local interests
who can prove direct harm as a result of man's actions will be a steep one to climb. Also you will be arguing for Fed against Local govts.
. Great idea!
Probably buried in the desert somewhere....
Great idea!
What about using those funds to help those veterans/help seniors/help children without healthcare?  higher priorities than a useless wall
Great idea. Hope it gets through
That funny for someone who tried to ban dildos.
A staffer told @timothycsimons that if you were shot on the Senate floor the cops wouldn't be able to find a witness. Exhibit A.
I mean I think the wall is a waste of money, we could do so many better things with that But it's better than just stealing it frm taxpayers
If it was legal federally, it would just be diverting money from criminals to the system. You would think Congress would jump on that soon.
Chapo earned his money providing highly-demanded products from a black market YOU created. #RINO #hypocrites http://liberpedia.net/t/Ross-How-Drug-Laws-Hurt-Gunowners.pdf …
Love it!!! Best idea!!!
Bam!!!
Holy crap! This is a fantastic idea. Seriously,  has this never been thought of before? I actually agree with Ted on something!
We need that money to rebuild our infrastructure, not to wall out a desert! No one's sneaking in here since DT was elected Asshole Supreme.
Wasn't a fan but your actions have definitely brought me around. Thank you for working on behalf of forgotten citizens!
In case you missed the memo JR TX Senator -TX does not want this wall #ElChapoAct -and those funds are better used to actually help citizens
When you thought the president was the only clown… Not only a ridiculous plan… but a dumb name.

Bravo!

@SenTedCruz
Today I introduced the EL CHAPO Act, which reserves billions in forfeited assets to pay for border security https://twitter.com/SenTedCruz/status/856952763225395203 …
Nope...
El Chapo tunneled under a wall. Are you sure you've thought this through?
Great idea Senator! Why don't you add the sanctuary cities. They should pay for the wall too.
Brilliant- I hope this passes I'm rooting for you!
Thank you for supporting the President and citizens.
You mean that fucking wall Ted? Is that what you mean?  How about it goes for suing big pharma for making a country of fucking addicts?
Good luck
...... and just like that Mexico is paying for the wall! #BuildThatWall .
Drug dealers are not Mexico.
"Mexico" will pay.  One way or another "Mexico" will pay #ElChapoAct
Mexico already said they won't. When trump went there he bitched up and didn't even mention it. He's a pervy con artist and you're the mark
Why do I get the impression you don't love Trump.  He can be the father you never had. #trumplovesyou
Perfect!   Way to go Mr Cruz!!

Or you could fund after school programs. Or schools. Or community clinics. Or Medicaid. You know, things that improve the lives of everyone.
Love ur idea ... should add ... mandatory life & 4feiture 4 ALL H dealers & death penalty 4 sale to anyone under 21.
You go Ted
Sounds great build that wall !!!
Great idea!
Plus the down payment on the Wall!
All municipalities around the country should contribute 50% of all monies legitimately confiscated from drug busts. Whistleblowers rewarded.
Everybody that wants a wall should pay for it while everybody else sits back and watch that's what I think 
Does that go for taxes as well?
You have to pay taxes regardless
Well I don't think that tax money should go towards FREELOADERS!
I don't think tax dollars should go towards a wall.
Write your Congressman.
Won't matter.
And that's why I fully support your nomination for next @SCOTUS appointment! It is your calling!
The past couple of months I've had such a strong feeling that this is where he is meant to be! 
Yes, Everything happens for a reason, always! 
Ok. The Holocaust.
They start hissing whenever God is mentioned...it's like throwing Holy Water on them! 
Well....I guess at least it's an idea?
Oh so we deport people AND take their money? Nice. That's the American way, baby.
Use the money to treat the opioid and heroine epidemic in this country. Without American addiction, there is no El Chapo. Think about that!
1 way to combat epidemic is build wall (inc. underground pt of it) to help prevent drug trafficking/drugs flowing in. &Beef up Coastguard.
The wall will not be built, period. This is political grandstanding from a failing administration and reeling congress.
Far left liberal democrats are hurting this administration cuz they hate this country and don't want people to succeed...  MAGA !
Oh for the love of God, we have got to get you out of Texas.
What a great idea!
putz
Great Idea, you went up in my book 10 notches.
Win win.  We get our wall and Mexico pays.  Get this passed quickly.
What a stupid use of money. Legalize marijuana and use that money plus the billions made from taxes on useful things
Heck, sell the confiscated pot to the states where it is legal. Let's build this wall. Thanks Ted!
Way to go Sen Cruz.
Once again u have shown ur capacity to make superior decisions 4 America. Thanks again.
That's not your money!
We all find it odd you flipped so easily where Trump is concerned .we're you paid ,blackmailed or do you have Russian SUPERPAC money also ?
Can't do that, that money does not belong to el chapo. It belongs to his family
What did the plan on doing with the money in the first place?
Senator, I love your brain. Excellent solution.
This is fucking stupid but hey, it looks like you're doing something... I guess?
Thank you Senator Cruz MAGA
#CreativeismMovement What a genius! So you with the blood & death of the people to build walls and again divide the people! Genius criminals
welp if this stupid thing has to go up, this is actually not a bad way to pay for it (assuming it will work)
Drug money ? That means the u.s Government can use drug dealer money but we can't . Brazy free elchapo !
best idea u came up with.
Saying the 9th Circuit break up is a real possibility shows UR true self. We have 3 yep THREE branches of govt. You really want a Revolution
Oh, look. If you're a murderous criminal you get an American bill named after you. Well....isn't that special.
BRAVO - brilliant 
Great Sen. Cruz. Will Dems and liberal press find something wrong with idea. Betcha?
People need to understand...THERE WILL BE NO WALL! POTUS lied to you about a LOT of things for which he knew NADA about in the 1st place!
can Flint Michigan get a few of the billion dollars y'all trying to steal to produce clean water for Americans??
by george I think you got it #ElChapoact  #bulidthewall
What a great idea

finally drug money going to good use I applaud you just hope the rest of the govt lackies pass it@SenMcconnell
Wtf....so y'all can use illegal money but we can't?

Awesome idea! Thank you!
Love this idea. Libs start crying in 3, 2, 1...
Great idea!  Wall should be funded regardless..
He tunneled under walls to escape...
Can we say, Crazy! OMG the GOP & the damn wall...why don't they care this much abt healthcare, education, the country! But, they don't! 
Or stop failed war on drugs, release non-violent offenders from prisons we pay for, & direct $ to treatment & prevention. @SenTedCruz
So you name something after a mass murderer which is exactly what he wants; attention
Good idea but no support from #GOP or Dems living on border wall that  wall is needed or would be useful. They dont support it funded or not
BUILD THE GIANT WALL,Get Serious & Get All GOP working with Pres. or We will put NEW REPUBLICANS In & Old OUT along with DEMS. FED UP
What an asskisser you are Cruz. Let's take those billions and help Americans in need. People u don't care about
Alright!
Even if you take his money it's not enough to build this stupid wall! Your stated doesn't even want a wall!
How about paying for care for those suffering from addiction since you're taking HC away? God forbid you actually help people!
Excellent!!!! Thank you Ted for this beautiful idea!!!!
Brilliant!
Uh oh, other politicians are gnashing their teeth over this money being used for wall. They wanted for themselves.
Backup plan would be to legalize marijuana and slap a fed tax on it to build the wall.
Senator, @POTUS and his admin have announced numerous areas found w/ financial abuse. Plus income to budget, could be means for wall too.
Excellant idea Senator Cruz. Good job!
That's a nope @tedcruz. For every El Chapo there will be 1 million poor people losing their cars.
Poor in the USA may find jobs (&keep their cars)..jobs which may have been taken by aliens who came illegally across the the #USA border.
Sounds 2 me that @SenTedCruz has figured out Mexico can pay 4 the wall, well how Mexican thugs can pay for the wall-#ElChapoAct Amen Cruz
So what your really saying is, you could help your constituents but you rather blow moneyReally?
Continuing the cycle of republicans not really understanding how illegals get over(and how many).
Better find money for the wall by the end of this year and implement, or your next job will be A fucking greeter at Walmart.
Wait... will El Chapo be paying for the wall??
Well technically all the US drug addict who bother to illegally purchase drugs will pay for the wall. Still USA paying for the wall
Watch an Antifa judge hold this up as unconstitutional. Who is running our country? Mexico?
I think the country you're looking for is Russia.
Awesome!, Brilliant!, Clever! The ABC's of how to build a wall by Ted Cruz.
Good Ted!
Yeah... You really proud of doing nothing. You won't get a nickel & you keep supporting the fool @realDonaldTrump -
Money laundering is the process of transforming the profits of crime and corruption into ostensibly 'legitimate' assets.
So we have a US senator that wants the country to start laundering money.  Where do we get these numb nuts from? Why are they making laws?
@sammacaw74, That's awesome, let's hope The El Chao act passes quickly, & proceeds are utilized correctly!
Go Cruz Go!
Ted is a bad ass.
Except he's famous for tunnels. Perfect.
Hey Ted, what are you gonna do when Barry shows up to claim that money..DBCooper style?
OH PLEASE DO IT. GET THAT BILL THROUGH  I WANT THAT WALL NOW CAN YOU GET THE LEFTIST JUDGES IMPEACHED? I KNOW ONE THING AT A TIME
Por que? It was American greed that kept him in business. I'm with Pope Francis: Bridges not walls!
We want the wall!
Brilliant
Technically thats confiscated money from junkies buying El Chapo' drugs; using it for construction, wouldnt that act be money laundring?
Will it also include the funds Trump receives in violation of the emoluments clause?
Far cheaper than a wall is a thirty ft wide ditch full of Crocks and Gators. Ten ft deep sounds about right. El Chapo Act is great,BTW.
So glad to see you on the Trump train Senator..2024 could be looking good for you . Back our president and we will back you.
Well that's cool. !  and didn't he tunnel his way out of everything  your not much smarter than trump are you ?
Cruz 2024
Brilliant ! thinking outside the box. Keep up the good work
Maybe Better security but the wall is ridiculously wasteful.
Trump really needs to start a GoFundMe campaign for his wall. Those who want it can pay for it. will show how bigly supported it is
Cheap stunt by Ted b\c his poll numbers suck.
How much was reserved for you to give away our mobile privacy? #wastedsenateseat
So socialism or communism You're seizing the means & that's unconstitutional.

Not that you would know/care about our founding document.
#VoteforBeto
You mean what's not already lining enforcement's pockets...and garages, and storage units, and bank deposits, and under family names.
How about we use that $14B to help us try to eliminate student tuition, or an attempt at free healthcare??? Who cares about a fucking wall.
Why don't you submit CONSTRUCTIVE legislation to FIX TEXAS BROKEN FOSTER CARE SYSTEM!  Where is your Christian hat Ted Cruz???
Grab it all and build the wall. Hey, it rhymes. @TheFive
Love love  your idea!!! #BuildThatWall
Here is how we pay for the wall and any other drug assets seized!
LOL HAHAHA.
Thanks.
Yeah... I doubt there are billions as many probably departments seize and use those assets for their own gain/use
Brilliant :-)
 E X C E L L E N T   ... now try and keep this brilliant idea out of the liberal judges sights @realDonaldTrump  @YoungDems4Trump
Awesome idea
This money should go to nothing but national debt. Your generation voted mine into $20 trillion of it.
Has the debt hurt you in some way?...
You should just stop. Seriously.
Love it!! Fantastic idea!! We're all in!!!
You mean the wall?
This is a great chance to use the forfeited money for the purpose of stopping illegal drugs poisoning Americans @POTUS @AGJeffBSessions 
Eat more green eggs and ham Ted. Typical RePUKEblican not pushing Trump to keep his word. El Chapo isn't even a Mexican.
