there is no causal relationship between tax cuts and job growth. Zero.
Lowering taxes increases capital which increases th ability to add more workers to the payroll. It’s very simple.
it's not that simple. Why add workers when current workers get all the work done?
no one increases supply without an increase in demand. This tax plan won't cause that.
There is demand that can’t be supplied because business don’t have the capital to fund it bc of taxes and regs.
nonsense. If there is demand, businesses hire or contract out to fulfill it. No proof of unmet demand.
You’re not understanding that businesses can’t afford to higher or contract because of taxes. Even if they could, couldnt make enough profit
I'm telling you that that's simply false. If there's a profit to be made, a way is found.

#LyingTed You can’t fake history. Teagan was an inexperienced politician Whome , interest oriented corporations took advantage of
Ahhh just LOL
Under Clinton we saw tax *increases* and the economy took off. He finished office with a balanced budget.
#LyingTed is going to creat the BIGEST Whole in our National Debt.. THATS CONSERVATIVISM?? Right??
Yes more cash in the market place means more more more.  Feds can dump cash in many ways.  Our tax code is unfair.  Take away all deductions
#taxcuts #rich @realDonaldTrump @Trump! #trumptrain #filltheswamp
We are still suffering fromTeagans policies which unleashed the rich and crushed the poor. Jailed the colored and prospered the white
And created the biggest gap between have and have not our country has ever seen. Trickle down is just another name for greed.
Denial from the left. Facts please.
You CANNOT replace a cut from 70%-40%  He also ended his Presidency TRILLIONs in debt & RECESSION causing GH Bush to raise taxes
Voodoo economics doesn't work. #LoseCruz2018
And yet the numbers are the numbers 4-7 1/2 GDP It worked Doesn't fit your political narrative so 4 you it could not work reality differs
And also created unprecedented wage disparity that has still never equalized. It was the beginning of the end of the middle class
What makes you think that by saying it it's the truth. Facts please. I remember this time as the best time to be American.
Reagan was the worst president in recent history, hands down
Not true at all and you know it, #LyingTed. The #economy bounced back up when #BillClinton took over. #Fact.
Lol clueless. Maybe if you studied history instead of listening to socialist politicians telling you how it was you'd think differently
Ted Cruz is working for the Koch brothers, not the American people.
Awesome charts. You’re prepared yet again. He’s not. I guess waving his arms around is supposed to help. 
Stop lying while pleasing donors & nra! Voters are awake & aware of your lies & hateful agenda! How about #PuertoRico & #FallenSoldiers
Nope! Cherry picked facts w/out telling the whole story. Reagan reversed over 1/2 of his tax cuts & raised taxes 10x during his tenure.
Get these damn GOP lounge lizards off their useless rear ends and have them promote this stuff. Sessions is hiding in witness protection!!
Midterm elections will take place on Nov 6, 2018. All 435 seats in the US House of Reps & 33/100 seats in the US Senate will be CONTESTED
Reagan ended up having 2 raise taxes. This is a turd, u know it, but u keep polishing it!  This IS a tax cut for rich, Koch, Trump & cabinet
Well, what are you waiting for? Just get it done.
Reagan started with a 70% tax, but even he acknowledged he went too far and had to RAISE taxes 11 times trying to cut his massive debt
Probably cuz the progressive democrat congress couldn't control spending..   Hmm. Kinda like today, except it's not just democrats
False.  Reagan actually TWICE increased tax revenues.  Partly by adjusting rates, mostly by closing loopholes.  It's a MYTH that "Reagan lowered taxes".  He did balloon the deficit, though.
Bologna. He raised them but ultimately his plan worked.
What are you talking about?  You just ADMITTED Reagan raised taxes...lol.  And despite that, he BALLOONED the deficit. You don't seem...er...literate. LOL
You’re probs the dumbest fool on twitter this eve. No secret our debt doubled to nearly 20 trill w/ Obama the Muslim Traitor. Mute.
No it didn't. The economy remained stagnant throughout the Reagan and Bush years. We saw large tax cuts, but they didn't lead to anything.
Consider that Obama started his presidency at the worst time in the recession, so even with natural recovery he still underperformed badly.

Globalism will never produce a strong america
Love the comments all speaking #TruthToPower as #GOP continues its attack on USA, Democracy & #WeThePeople 
They take #BribesNotDonations
You lost the debate...BIGLY, but thanks for showing true colors! Party & politics &  over #WeThePeople #ThursdayThoughts #TheResistance
My history's little hazy Cassius, but aren't the barbarians supposed to lose the Battle of Carthage?
I recall Bush et al tanking the US economy.  O pulled us out of that wreckage.  Did you conveniently forget that?
Prior to outsourcing too.
And he turned those back after the first tax cut. #LyingTed strikes again!
During Clinton Admin saws tax increases and bigger economic gains!

Republicans love talking about how Reagan enacted a major tax cut in 1981. They fail to mention he raised taxes 10 times thereafter. 
Your arrogance is only overshadowed by your ignorance and your snarky routine is wearing thin.
We also saw amnesty too, but Veterans weren't dying waiting to see a doctor oe be admitted for treatment like TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz did
And the expansion of the wealth gap.
You forgot Reagan tripled our debt 
He & his administration was engaged in criminal activity 138 of them were arrested indicted or convicted
Since you compared him to Obama I’ll add
The number of Obama’s administration arrested, indicted or convicted while Obama was POTUS... 0
And geometrically increased the national debt
From one mess to another mess, eliminate the #IRS with @FairTaxOfficial #FAIRtax
He raised taxes.  Please use facts in your argument
And the minimum wage hasn't been increased in how long? Hmmmm....
Ted, this was the Reagan Republican's great promise of trickle-down economics. IT DIDNT WORK. DONT LET HISTORY REPEAT.
Bull shit. That's a myth
No you didn’t
I enjoy your ages 15-24 graph. How many more in that age group are in HS/college now compared to then?
Go watch porn.
GOP plan is big tax cuts for the very rich at the expense of everyone else, take away deductions and increase deficit.  No, thanks.
Note that Regan had 17m new workers join the workforce whereas Obama had zero such growth.  Misleading with stats is amateurish.

Liar.
Reagan didn't come into office after a republican created financial crisis + Bush Great Recession + 2 wars #LyingTed #CNNDebateNight
But don't forget to mention taxes were raised for 10 yrs. after.
I grew up under Reagan. My mother and father worked and we were still poor as shit. Maybe his War on Unions affected that.
Trickle down economics is a proven failure. Stop cherry picking stats to make it look good! More proof? KANSAS
only three things grew under ObamRah. National debt, stock market because of $85/mo QE, and Washington DC. (Not counting HRC foundation)
yes, but Reagan DID NOT RAISE taxes on middle class families.  New plan WILL raise taxes on my fam of 6 lose exemp, prop tax, mtg int, SALT
Usual Cruz spins and lies.
How did those Bush tax cuts work out.
Lies. Lies. Lies.if you have to lie about your tax plan, maybe it's not a good plan. And didn't Regan raise taxes something like 3 times?
Rewriting history once again. Face it Cruz, the GOP is the party that runs up the debt & panders to the military industrial complex.
Reaganomics? Are u serious? We were a middle class family living fine till the 80's. We had to move in with my grandparents! UR a joke CRUZ
That was the beginning of the so-called trickle down,a jack kemp ruse. Only repuglican scheisse trickled onto everyday folks. You lie rafael
You Republicans spin the same tired lies year after year.  So let me make it easy for you to understand: capitalism is cancer.
"economists expressed concern over the plan's potential to increase the national debt, which could offset the benefits the Trump administration is hoping for.” #TaxReform @abcnews
“The plan does indeed favor the wealthy — overwhelmingly, undeniably. It’s shocking that as many as 40 percent of Americans don’t realize this.” #TaxReform @Nytimes
CNBC's John Harwood calls @POTUS tax reform a "remarkable paradox," as middle America may not benefit as much as coastal elites. #TaxReform @CNBC @JohnJHarwood
"where the rich make out like bandits is the lower tax rate on small business income” says @ABC #TaxReform
Rafael BFF with Bannon!
I remember when he cut 200 social security jobs I stood in line with 1,100 other people applying for theses jobs. Trickle down my ass!

During the Bush Era, we saw large tax cuts that blew the doors off the deficit and sent the economy into a massive recession. Remember?
Fake, false and disproven. Making into a graph doesn't change the facts but may convince the gullible
Trickle down economics. It hit the neediest the most and it hit hard causing a jump in homelessness.
Stick to your area of expertise.... trickle down doesn't work.  $ goes to stockholders or offshore.  Working people SPEND!

Reagan did slash taxes on the rich in 1981. But the deficit increased so much that he raised taxes in '82, '83, '84 and '87. #CNNDebateNight

Pres. Trump dropped 92 spots on Forbes' annual list of the 400 wealthiest people in America. http://abcn.ws/2ijHlCf  
Thanks to Obama! 
Not the same economy rates were higher during 80’s bigger impact
Trickle down has repeatedly been exposed as bullshit. Reagan's most notable accomplishment? Beginning the destruction of the middle class.
LMAO!
BS. It was a huge increase in defense spending
He also raised taxes 10 times you nitwit
Oh please....Reagan was good to his Rich friends as y'all are now.  We bought our home with a 16 1/2% interest rate!  Then Clinton saved us!
And in the end Reagan had to increase taxes.
#factsmatter
Don't forget JFK. Otherwise you have NO chance of Dems listening
He fucked us with social security and the United States post office deal
Reagan & Kennedy's tax cuts? Is America's society the same then & now? Tech? Reporting? Health? Meds? Women? LGBT? Racial Segs? Motivations?
False. Why are you lying?
WOW Lyin Ted, why don’t you mention Reagan had to raise taxes 4 times in his presidency!!!!
Liberalism destroys everything it touches... ever... single... time
Try communism instead and see how that works for you :) good luck
Curious what your tax reform has to do w/ Obama? Is purpose of yr graphic just to put down last term's president? Sincere question.
Reagan’s policies created jobs and wealth for the middle class.
Free enterprise works. The free market is the fairest economic system in existence. The market decides who wins, not bureaucrats.
Trickle Down has never worked Regan cut taxes and then had yo raise them 4 times the same thing will happen Trump
Reagan economy failed: rich got richer, middle-class incomes were barely higher than decade B4, poverty rate had actually risen

Mr. Cruz, please do some additional homework. Reagan raised taxes, more than once. #gopSUX
Tax cuts!!! 

Where the hell have you bent?.
Please push for Obamcare repeal. Tax cuts won’t be enough to offset soaring premiums.
1/ The day of Kennedy & Reagan didn't have globalization as a headwind ... still if  taxes at 50% like Denmark some kid that wants to
2/ start a business may be more corralled into the free college Bernie espouses than the freedom to choose another path like business
looks like black people have a lot to look forward too!!
Wanna talk about Clinton tax increases followed by growth?

How about Bush cuts follow by crappy growth?
It's cool you made a graph but trickle down economics didn't work at all
Stick to posting incest porn, you lying turd.
Wages have been flat for 3 decades, the last tax reform was 3 decades ago. Coincidence?
Then why did papa bush have to raise taxes. Not sustainable
And a tripling of the national debt with two years of 9.7 & 9.5% Unemployment and the beginning of income inequality
Lie! Trickle down did nothing for the middle class
Hey Chump, graphs represent data, I won't believe this until you share the data you used.
You can drop the fake populism, just be honest and tell everyone you legislate on behalf of a small hand full of individuals
JFK’s tax cuts sparked growth and also increased revenue to US Treasury just like Reagan’s tax cut! JFK wouldn’t know his party today.
Lie
Come on, Ted. This isn't comparable. Tax rates was absurd when Reagan took office. His last round had a poor effect. Show to some science.
We had a depression caused by Reagan
Tax cuts aren't the only forces influencing economic growth. We're not morons. At least not this former Dem.
Nice job tonight Mr. Cruz, thank you.
Bernie DESTROYED you and exposed your lies, in real time, lol.
Blew up the deficit bigly.
We also saw them go back up BIG TIME!
Reagan started the decline of this country making us all slaves to DEBT
Tax reform act of 1986 was cause of numerous bank failures in SW & NE. Fact. Precipitated big devaluation in CRE. I spent 10yrs. Cleaning up
And then what happened? Tell the whole story Ted.
And then he raised taxes many many times. Liar
Snake in a suit.... we know all your interest lies in screwing others so the more you talk the more people know the opposite is the truth.
Note that important deductions remained. The state tax deduction is crucial.
@joey_desmarais
Payoffs to the wealthy on the nation's credit card.
Source for stats?
Tripled the national debt. 60 Trillion is your target, right?
#FAKENEWS Dont believe Ted he is full of LIES just like @POTUS @realDonaldTrump they dont care if they hurt the MIDDLE CLASS or POOR
Reaganonmics were AWFUL and you know it. Reagan was great at doing the Koch's bidding. Are your pockets full of their #darkmoney too?
He just had to bring Voodoo Economics back in Bueller Bueller
Ted Cruz cares more about his wealthy donors than middle class and poor. Texas deserves better.
#Facts
Source?

Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
Why do you lie so much?
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
Riiiight
Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…
Trickle down didn't happen.
It never does.
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 

The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
