Can you rally the senators and get them to help the American people and our president?
What part of' 'AMERICANS DO NOT WANT SOCIALIZED MEDICINE!' does Congress NOT understand?! Free market! We want capitalism, not communism!
Single payer is a disaster,so far the government managed to ruin almost everything from Social Security to Student loans...$20 trill in debt
ACA IS not a single payer yet,just a  big stepping http://stone.You  can keep your doctor,you can keep your policy& your high premium
So then,how is single payer the disaster your tweet claims it is? Please, don't tell me you read it or head about it.
Single payer what we had behind the Iron curtain and even after he curtain came down You can't sue the Gov. for bad service, dirty hospital
Hell, the GOP is slowly stripping away malpractice suits and negligence suits for medical care as it is. They don't give a damn about us.
You ain't see nothing yet if the Gov.takes over there will be no accountability for medical mistakes,abusive personal behavior & negligence
If the senate doesn't do there job, they should resign!
Govt. broke the Ins.Sys. and cannot fix it. Govt. never fixes anything! NO REPLACEMENT, JUST REPEAL ACA!
Including the option to have inadequate healthcare?  Or plans w/o lifetime limits? Inflate senior prems to 5x?
That's death, Ted. 
C. Death
Why are you not working to stop subsidies? It kills competition btw Ins. Co. for ppls. choice. Subsidies stop costs reductions! REPEAL ACA!
Just repeal and watch America work... problem will solve itself in a few days
Keep Government out of the healthcare insurance business altogether. #FullRepeal
Thank you Sen Cruz 
We need this DC Beast off our backs The consumer taxpayer drives this car Fed Gov does not belong in Health Ins choices


We choose you not to have healthcare we pay for; how's that for giving power to the people?
Or you know focus on not leaving millions without care or skyrocketing prices
Ted get something big done. We are not loving out Senators right now.
8 YEARS you've been 'working' on an Obamacare replacement. "Pay no attention to the Republicans behind the curtain" said the Wizards of Odd.
End penalties now.
#RepealObamacare, then take time to address Healthcare (Medicaid). Do it now!
TIL u can have a truly affordable plan w/low premiums or private insurers not robbing us blind then vote NO! to Repeal & Replace...
He's a joke. Kind of like you are.
Choice does not mean allowing tens of millions of people without coverage.  Do the right thing for your constituents &vote AGAINST the HCA.
Thank you Senator.
Agree I want to be able to purchase medical insurance from anywhere open the gates
How do the mechanics of this work?  If increased enrollment drives down cost, then the lowest cost/unit would come from basic universal care
I am empowered and do not want your trumpcare bag o .
The Senate is responsible for getting Health Care done. To be honest, I'm tired of Senator's telling us what MUST be. The time is long past.
"Empowering the consumer" means no healthcare for millions of Americans. Ted Cruz is the swamp.

the VA is a perfect reminder of how our gov runs a single payer system. It's kills the patients using death-by-wait. Then rewards employees
I hope whatever you got was worth turning your back on your country.
Sir WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL VOTE ALL ANTI-TRUMP CONGRESS OUT IN #election2018 REPEAL WALL TAXES! @NewportLost
News flash, Ted; Republican politicians already look like fools. I watch TassNews just to reinforce that belief and Hannity, well, ...
The choice to die or go benkrupt to afford your insurance? The choice to eat or pay premiums? All so you rich folks can have a tax cut? Vile
@CruzNewsLive @seanhannity Take control @SenTedCruz   Senate needs you to put a fire under them.
You mean the choice between life and death?
Mr Cruz The fact you & the GOP refuse to listen to vast majority of Americans to pass this bill, means YOUR LOYALTY IS NOT THE PPL YOU SERVE
The GOP & your President never intended to serve the ppl, your agenda isn't family values based it's hate based and insults ALL Americans
People will die if you take this.U know this and still you want to take.Have u ever tried listening to ur heart instead of ur wallet?
Govt involvement in healthcare is huge disaster,unnecessary enormous cost & big govt bureaucracy. @POTUS Let's go back to REPEAL NOT REPLACE
REPEAL NO NEED TO REPLACE!! Allow taxpayers to write off annual premiums. Get govt out of picture. No pre-existing issues & tort reform
Competition across state lines, copay, low deductibles,large network,personalized to needs, large Med network,no red tape, no govt involved
Small clinics are every where in Miami. They will   be a great help to bring down the health-care cost.
#UnitedWeStand
#StandWithTrump %
#MyPresident
#StillWinning
A plan that would allow companies to offer insurance with basically no coverage to milk the poor but not protect them when they are sick.
Mitch McConnell needs to step down! Senator Ted Cruz for Senate majority leader
The first thing we should do is keep foreign born Meatheads from running for president. Talking about you Cruzie
This is beyond lying you are going to kill people by pushing insurance with no coverage.   You are really willing to do that just to win?
That idea already lost Ted!  Pay attention!
Repeal!  Not replace!
Why do we have to replace?Can't we just repeal and then pass some free market solutions that will get the gov't out of healthcare?!
GOP has to get it done or all will be finished. Elections will be lost. Work for the people. Give us your health plan w/low premiums.
This is what competition looks like... explain this EOB
Asymmetrical info! How do you choose?
When you stepped down as senator to run for president, didn't you sign up for Obamacare? Wasn't so horrible then was it.
I see your Pimps the Koch brothers keep you beating the drum on the street.
Why is choice so important? I am fully employed with insurance through employer. Not much choice but a solid plan it is. That's important.
Choice to buy worthless plans or plans you can't afford. Useless Cruz.
Your own Predident doesn't believe in your plan or else he'd be trying to sell it.  He sees a bad deal coming down the street.
Congress needs 2 have hearings on why Health INS. providers more concerned w/record profits, bonuses, & shareholders $ not policy holders
Great, why don't you give us the choice to have your healthcare plan?
Repeal! We don't need replace! Repeal only!
Repeal and replace @SenTedCruz in 2018.
GetvR Done Ted..Less talk morw Do Please Blessings and Prayers
ThankYou @TedCruz. You are the voice I trust most.I support all our elected leaders. You are showing us a path to success. #RepealObamacare.
@RightAsRain7 @seanhannity Amen Mr. Ted Cruz!
Lying Ted
REPEAL THEN GET OUT OF THE WAY!  It's not government's job to dictate health insurance/health care to the citizens of America.
Is it really a choice when the only healthcare plan they can afford under GOP plan and inserted by you is one that pays virtually nothing?
Truths for the Simple Minded.1.Dictates by Govt not a choice 2.350-500%PREM/DED increase Bad 3.Bankrupt Obummer=ZERO CARE+ZERO CHOICE. WAKE!
BETO 2018!
You and the GOP promised #RePeal and have failed.  We are trying to #NoEncumbents2018  tell your friends
... and all of this would have been prevented if your Cuban father had FFS just used a condom. Amen. ICYMI.
... no GOP leader will stand up to Putin's Orange puppet and Mueller is coming for all of the Trumps and you'll be left holding the bag...
Senator, you've got to fix healthcare.  You do that and the insurance will fall in place.
... and you look like Grandpa Munster's corpse and Hannity is insane and FOX News is fake news and our country is going to shit because...
ICYMI your president is imploding and you're enabling him and you were not born in the USA and you're a treasonous weasel and your wife...
There is no replace and you know it. I'll vote for anyone that runs against you in the primaries.
Notice they never do *anything* to lower HC costs, don't want to upset their real bosses
I only 'consume' healthcare when I'm sick, when will GOP get that HC is not like buying a candy bar? #dumbgop
Your choices are between bad and worse
Senator, Congress needs to stop trying to do this "omnibus-type" bill crap.  Kill Obamacare. Do individual legislation to keep anything good
Just go home, Rafael. Canada. Cuba. Wherever. We've had enough.
Ted why do you always look like you just took a big bite out of a shit sandwich?
Choice & access is actually NOT healthcare. We all have access & choice already. Stop with the @FrankLuntz word games already.
No...wrong and wrong.1270 Counties have no choice.Obummer stole Choice from 6.4 Million Familes.if by choice you mean "Pay mortgage or HC"
Why don't the Senate and House have a choice in healthcare? All of you just get good healthcare. Why can't the public?
2 of the most disgusting men in this country. Up there with trump and his gaggle of kids. Repubs can't even pass a bill when own senate/hous
I agree with Senator Cruz. Get rid of Obamacare. 3X Premiums 3X Deductible =No Health Care. Health Care is the same as a really nice  payme
Health insur too complicated to have any meaningful choice.Big Med Insur will continue to screw consumers & our govt does NOTHING to protect
Duh,govt messed up Best Health Care in World.Obummercare wasted Trillions'NOW BANKRUPT.BANKRUPT=ZERO HEALTH CARE.Wake up and smell REALITY
And the very stupid troll/bot didn't even read what I wrote.
And give up trying to make "Obummer" nickname happen.
It's never gonna happen
Do u prefer"Liar n Chief?" "Socialist n Chief?" "Golfer n Chief?" "Traitor n Chief?" "Race Baiter n Chief?" All are applicable like Obummer

So, you promised it to people for the last 8 years, your plan has terrible approval ratings & you want to go ahead mainly b/c you promised?
Senator Cruz, i want you and other republicans to repeal Obamacare. Do not replace, just repeal. Hold that promise.
32,000,000 Americans would lose it, sucks for you how democracy works huh?
I remember when you had a spine. @SenTedCruz @seanhannity
Families should be able to make choices in healthcare, not have politicians making decisions for them. #FullRepeal
How about money grabbing corporations? It's ok for them to make choices for you?
I'm glad you agree we need to get rid of govt mandates that take freedom away from the individual.
Yeah I want to government to get the hell out the socialized defense business and let me choose the best defense plan for my families needs
Don't want defense death panels deciding who lives or dies when the Chinese invades, I want to sign up 4 top level defense insurance policy
Does the authoritarian moves of Trump bother yet? Or are tax cuts worth this country's soul?
Arw you just Simple?Obummer broke laws,lies daily,Superceded Congress.Courts slapped down all EO's he wrote with his pen & phone.Pres T Rest
Keep pushing!
good luck empowering the consumer by taking away health insurance
