. Also there should be no barriers to choosing naturopathic remedies like b17 laetrile for cancer instead of chemo
.@FrankFrancis777 Laetrile does not and never has treated cancer in any way. It is a fraud. Please read this https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/7033783/ …
Right now @FoxNews is calling your stmnts re: Dixiecrats & KKK controversial. Sad day when facts are considered "controversy ".
. Or how about cellquest which is an extract from the banana tree discovered by Cuban Dr. Juan Falcon which has cured cancer
you should of explained why freedom is better than socialism.  Why capitalism is better than Marxism. For beginners who dont knw
Mr cruz your so amazing,I don't want Bernie up there.oh and thank you for speaking up for what is right.
https://twitter.com/cafedotcom/status/829182411045011456 …
These "barriers" saves peoples lives.  If not properly tested, drugs can kill. If you were truly prolife, I think you would wan
the tests to protect the santictiy of life.
agree
This is BS:
1) Patients can get domperidone via expanded access investigational new drug applicatn (IND)
@SenTedCruz
We shouldn't have the government putting barriers to people getting the drugs they need. #Healthcare #CNNDebate 
2) Completely ignores ed risk of cardiac death w/domperidone & *actual* reason for import ban.

3) Doesn't even answer the Q.

@SenTedCruz
why would dumbest man on planet go head to head with smartest man in senate...asked and answered
@MossyWill66 credit to @SenSanders for supporting @RandPaul audit the fed bill #BlessYou in the name of the Lord
u could care less because u get a nice health care plan thru congress. Many people don't have affordable options.
so full of it. You congratulated a woman for battling MS. #answerthephone #DoYourJob
liberals defending big pharma! The world is as it should be thank you Senator for expos. These hypocrites
Great job Senator!!
then keep your hands off my pain medication
#PresidentBANNON
Yes, more Fen-Phen and Vioxx for everyone!
Abolish the FDA. Let PHARMA flood the market with dangerous nostrums & bogus medicines.  No one will worry about drug prices!
.@SenTedCruz no, we should have a government that negotiates a fair price for drugs for the country.
that get to the root of the cause of your symptoms instead of just writing these scripts that just cause more health problem
we also shouldn't have insurance companies refusing to pay for GOOD mental health treatment & functional medicine doctors.
Unless it is Republicans taking away their healthcare.  THEN we should have gov putting up barriers, right?
#loser
There's already a huge barrier, AKA COST. #notfoolinganyone
Price is a barrier too.
The government isnt creating the barriers, Pharmas ridiculously high profit margins are. #SinglePayer has more bargaining power
That is so evil, pretending that is not exactly what you do, stop people from getting the drugs and treatment they need #EvilTed
-- @SenSanders publicly invited you to work together to reduce drug prices, will you accept his offer or not? #CNNDebateNight
@bdomenech Cruz thinks ppl in California can buy insurance in Idaho -why don't we experiment with Cruz life to see how it works?
Congratulations on a brilliant debate performance! And keep up the good work!
Then let us buy meds from Canada...where you're from.
man that barny Flanders is one crazy guy
Awesome job Senator Cruz!! Broke my own rule and watched the fake news channel to see you SCHOOL THE BERN!
What about birth control?
How do you get prescription drugs without a prescription?
FFS - The drugs are available, but no one can afford them.
you're talking point is one Bernie has been talking about for years...welcome to Bernies Bandwagon !
should have asked the bern where he thinks money comes from if not the middle class. He failed math
@tedcruz congratulates woman on her struggle with multiple sclerosis. https://twitter.com/cafedotcom/status/829379216072339457/video/1 …
can they get any higher cancer meds over a thousand dollars a month the pharmaceutical companies makin a killen
Then why do you continue to support obstructions to U.S. citizens getting the drugs they need?
Are you sure the drug she needs is called Dom Pérignon?  That sounds like a Republican-only drug to me.
my 26 yr old daughter had to have Dr sign off before she could get insulin scrip! She was diagnosed w/ type 1 diabetes at 5.
@mhernandez_xo
how long you knew about this young lady and did nothing. Lying Ted... Y'all politics need to stop playing with people emotions 
the truth hurts.... that's why we use our intelligence to solve problems not emotions
Absolutely right! So you plan to work to put protections in place to prevent drug companies from raking patients over the coals?
So Cruz doesn't want to shut down Planned Parenthood now?
how can a senator shut down a for profit business they earned 300 million last year in profits no to Corp. Wlfr
I am a disabled veteran w 2 insurances & still cant afford meds & food
I've been without epipens for over a year cause I can't afford them even with health insurance which won't cover anyway
me too!
then REPUBLICANS shouldn't have voted down the bill to get drugs from Canada and Mexico!!!
Unless it's birth control pills, right?
With people like @realdonaldtrump, @sentedcruz, @mikepence in leadership, expect #MAGA. Proud of your team
You said ACCESS to health care. You are bought & paid for 
$30 milliion for your campaign&you lost. He called u lying Ted
So when can we expect HEMP, Mary Jane, Marijuana, Cannabis oil, etc to be approved nationwide?
lying Ted.  Please take your ass to russia and bring ryan, mitchell,  and golden shower  with you.  Please leave!!!
can't take Bernie serious after he threw all the followers under the bus to the side for a big Hillary payoff, live well Bern
#AnswerThePhone
"I'm an aardvark, I eat ants, you're an ant so I am going to eat you."
Respect for Sanders he acknowledged your point, more than politicians will do.
Always great to hear from the senator who's pro-life and man of the people. @sentedcruz
e should have health care for all - that is what a good Christian would be endorsing.
Ted was my 2nd choice.  Good man.
peabrain #PresidentBANNON
Congrats on your struggles? Who says that?
let private business put barriers to people getting the drugs they need!
Because everyone knows the way to really be profitable is to prevent your customers from buying. Genius!
Normal pricing mechanisms don't work when death is the alternative. No other industry has price hikes like bigPharm
You could say the same thing about food. Similar about housing, energy, etc. Central control ALWAYS leads to scarcity.
Go get 'em TedGrrrrrr
savage. You should have given that old man a chance!
