Wow! can we borrow you for CA...You're such a blessing
You do not want him, but we don't either so go ahead and take him
There was another person who made a nasty comment about Texas Gov. Abbott turned out it was a troll who tweeted it.
I blocked the troll, thats why I can't see the TL.
You're doing a great job Govenor, thanks.
For the love of god support better city planning
You don't live in Tx. In fact u don't live in the USA. So your opinion doesn't matter.
Niceee. You right! Enjoy that suburban sprawl with total reliance on fossil fuels.
Thank you! I will! #MAGA
Wow #Texas has  the BEST Gov. God Bless and keep you #TexasStrong Our thoughts and prayers .
Pity you the left goes after people that are hurting . Why you have so much hate in you . You don't even care for people in need. Shameful
Hater probably not real! Or maybe no one wants to follow him. Probably don't even live in Texas.  #MAGA
The more you ease restrictions, the more problems you create. No fire codes in TX?
Apparently you don't live in Tx. If u did, then u would know that we can't get gas. That means everyone,  @GovAbbott is doing what's best.
No I don't, and I am glad. Your state doesn't have any fire codes. Do you know how ignorant that is? No sprinklers? No fire safety plans.
Wrong! TX. has fire Code its the small counties that haven't Incorporated some of the codes!I agree need Improvement.
They certainly shouldn't be building homes in a flood plain.
Thank you sir. I am a Georgian but admire all you have done for Texas as well as the rest of the great volunteers! 
There is nothing admirable about Greg Abbott.
I guess you don't need gas!
I have plenty of gas but it usually passes! Actually, I do need some petrol...and will pay 40 cents more today than yesterday. Ugh.
Debi, in case you thought my comment was directed towards u. It wasn't,  apparently the hater i directed it towards deleted their tweet.
Waive log rules for truckers headed into Texas. Drivers stranded on a 10 hr breaks while people are desperate. No one sleeps 10 hrs anyway
But he's giving the rich money?
Thank you Governor Abbott! You are doing a stand up job for Texas! 
 Excellent choice of words... and that last one is a Puerto Rican flag
What a fabulous job you are doing for Texas and specifically Houston -- couldn't be prouder of the way you are handling this disaster!  
Doing a great job, Gov Abbott! Proud, proud of Texas & you and your staff! You rock!! 
You are doing a great job Governor!  Prayers for Texas,
Louisiana and all the volunteers.
#MAGA Governor leads
You are doing a fantastic job Govenor!!
there's still no gas in many parts of the state. How about less grandstanding and more fixing problems.
What gas prices going up?  Needs to be illegal during an emergency.

Nice to see everybody working together down there for the common goal of relief for fellow Texans Keep up the hard work everybody
Doing great keep it up
These frickin people spreading fake news about there being a shortage CAUSED the shortage! Whoever started this crap should be responsible!
Except some places with more people cause of evacuees have gotten more demand, and not just on gas. So not all fake.
Lots of stations now have gas in the area. Thanks Gov Abbott!
@JerriDougherty Sir, you are an amazing governor and Texans are strong, compassionate people. #PrayForTexas #HoustonStrong
Love our Governor Abbott!!!
Thank you for all you do! #MAGA
Thank you., looking after the ppl!!!
Thank you for being an amazing governor! Keep it up!
Awesome job serving the citizens Governor.
He seems like a fantastic governor and person.
Doing a great job.
Good job @GregAbbott_TX !!!
This dude right here. Totally on fire.
Something that makes a difference. Decisive leadership. Thank you, Governor!
I always thought he seemed like a take action kind of guy.
Hm, he made something that favors insurance companies over homeowners. Goes into effect tomorrow I believe.
Actually it hurts lawyers looking for nuisance suits, and I hate lawyers, so I applaud that.
@GregAbbott_TX I did not vote for you but you leadership you have shown has my vote if you run for president. Policy aside leadership rules
Thanks for looking out Greg. True American
CITIZENS! We MUST pay attention to our city MAYOR elections! THEY ARE IMPLODING our cities against us! JUST AS VITAL AS FEDERAL!
Thank you
What a leader! Texas strong! 
Wow, results driven. Love it. Please share some of that in Illinois? Great job Governor!
Did you know Texas was a Target?
Thank you, Governor Abbott.  You are doing a wonderful job.  Keep up the good work, sir.
Great stuff Governor!!
Thank you so much! It was insane in the Dallas area.
Best Governor in the USA is Gov. Abbott.
People here just need to calm down.
None too soon. Not one station has gas anywhere near me here in Austin.
It took me 7 gas stations to get gas.  It took one night for those in Houston to lose everything.  Perspective is a great thing.
Thank you Governor Abbott!!
Adults are in charge now. Common sense returns to governing.
Shouldn't. Be. Any. Restrictions. 

Unless we are to succeed. Different situation.
All this love...and the price per gallon still rising!
I just hope when he reinstates the law later we don't have an outcry of "NO, YOU CAN'T" which is what we get w/EVERY LAW we try to enforce
PROOF THAT LOG BOOKS ARE NOT ABOUT SAFTY IT'S SCAM FOR DOT TO MAKE MONEY! @realDonaldTrump @USDOT
Do you still run that bogus child support company that harasses good people without legal facts? A Vet abused by strongarm tactics by you.
Make it permanent.
I love Greg Abbott....
Great job @GregAbbott_TX !!
There Is also the matter of water in stations tanks
you need to let them off of hours of service limits too, the log book is death to getting anything done
Thank you sir!
God bless you all
You guys are doing great! Excellent job!
Thank you for being such a great leader proud you serve Texans God bless you your family and the great state Texas!
Thank you and we are already on our way with a truck load of supplies to Houston TX
We love you!!! Thank you!! 
Where do we get a Governor like @GregAbbott_TX in Ohio instead we are stuck with @JohnKasich

God bless you Governor Abbott and God Bless Texas!#godblesstexas
If only Ohio had a standup governor like @GregAbbott_TX
I love this governor. Spot on in this disaster.
We build oil pipelines. Why aren't we building water pipelines so we can remove water from flood zones & send it to drought zones in the US?
Your speech today mentioned that this will be a 3step process and at the end of this recovery "they will be placed in permanent house"Explai
Maybe this rule should stand indefinitely
This post does more to fuel panic than quell it.
Better messaging: though current supply will hold up to normal holiday travel, this preventive measure will ensure supply lines keep moving.
You're setting the gold standard on how to navigate through a natural disaster. What a difference from the past. Blessings to all of you 
This man is so on target 
Should be permanent.
This was yesterday
People are dumb. There is no gas shortage!! Shame on the media for making people panic and rushing out to get gas!
First class job you're doing, Governor! All of Texas thanks you from the bottom of our hearts! 
@DLoesch Makes me wonder why there might be such a business hindrance in TX in the first place?
Hope that means we get more in ASAP....most stations out!
But when will the stations get more gas?? Not one station in N ATX between my home/work has any gas. My mom is in Lampasas, none there.
Excellent move!!
Hey Iiberals  This is how you get things done !
Yesterday was absolutely ridiculous, I'm not sure what I saw happening, pure greed, or genuine panic concerning the run on Gas in Texas.
#FridayFeeling @JohnOates
If easing these restrictions creates a public good when the chips are down, why not repeal them?
You rock Gov.!
At first I thought this would an announcement about @SenJohnMcCain, @SpeakerRyan, or @SenMajLdr  trying to pretent to care by visiting.
Good job....
It was like the late 1970's here in McKinney yesterday! All stations were out of gas by 11:30 p.m.!  So many people not prepared & panicked.
socialism works
God bless you
You are awsome!! Texas is so blessed to have you!!
#Texas is lifting it's #tax on #Oil and #gas for #tanker trucks  
@KenworthTruckCo President @realDonaldTrump :)
Thank You! As someone who had to wait in lines because of the "shortage" this is welcome news!
Gonna be filling up with red dye diesel. Oh boy.
Update from Cedar Park
Thank you b
Awesome, Governor!! Thank you for your leadership!!
Good show Governor!
if no shortage, why are we easing restrictions? @ChristiCraddick care to answer?
There is no #gas #shortage, just a #panic run on supplies. Stay #TexasStrong #Texas and stay home this weekend to alleviate demand.
Great Govenor ! We love him !
Thank you!   God bless!
I like the way this guy thinks.
The last thing anyone needs is oil cos. using the hurricane as an excuse to raise prices. They should be responsible enough to handle this.
Doing a great job #governor #ThankYou

Bravo bravo. Now that's how you go about cutting red tape. Between President Trump and you maybe this should show this country a blueprint.
Thank you Gov. Abbott and God bless Texas Strong
Please read. Company asked #TrumpAdministration to remove safety/environmental regulations, now it's on fire.
What is this tax needed?  Can't we just get rid of it altogether?
How about making it easier for the common man and stop the price gouging? Gas is up by $0.70 already.
Texas is lucky to have u Gov Abbott They needed leadership The 3 of U gave it 2 them They hit their own leadership buttons & GOD BLESS TEXAS
God Bless you Sir. I have family in the area.

Watch price gouging
I also hope somebody in your office is watching the pricing !!!!!!
Better send some 2-cycle oil too! Most of the boats use mixed gas. JUST A REMINDER! Stay strong Lone Star, your not alone!
You're a helluva guy, @GovAbbott! Thanks! #Texas #TexasStrong Handling shortages, expediting relief, calming nerves, vanquishing fears...
TX Gov Abbott, hero among many heroes in TX.  Not only a CHAMPION of those in need due to Harvey but defender against ROGUE FEDERAL JUDGES.
Thank you Governor!
thank you because its been crazy out here. @GregAbbott_TX you are the best and a real Texan I'm glad we have you here
My question is..... if this agreement can so easily be eased, why does it even exsist. Why not get rid of it so it helps Texans everyday?
Gov you should declare an emergency 5% TX income tax for Texans to pay for recovery before asking the other 49 States' citizens. @Talkmaster
Thank you @GregAbbott_TX
What a governor
Fuel companies that gouge Texans by increasing prices should be a priority for leadership starting with you.
How about even and odd rationing until it gets better?
Thanks, Gov!  You and the team are doing a great job leading Texans through this disaster!
Please!  You need to be Senate Majority Leader!
Thank you gov love you and Trump
Wish Greg Abbott was governor of Massachusetts. He's amazing. Unlike our fake republican gov Charlie Faker
@SarahKayW893
Why don't you make it permanent?
GG sir! 'Preciate the love!
Thank you, Governor. God Bless
Great Greg !
Thank you Governor for all you are doing to help us!!!
You are a truly leader Gov Abbott
Thank you. I'm almost out of gas after unsuccessfully driving around SA looking for gas yesterday which used up more gas.
Hope it's not $8.99 per gallon
YES  and thank you tell them not to price gouge or there will be consequences like the laws that say your cant.
Your Gov should declare an emergency 5% TX income tax for Texans to pay recovery before asking other 49 States' citizens. I'm taxed enough.
What are you talking about? Donations? Nobody is forced to make a donation to human beings in need.
I'm praying for Texas and LA all the way from WV. I wish all states acted in the same caring and helping manner. Much respect god bless TX
America...that's how a good governor acts!
God bless the Great State of Texas and Gov Abbott!!!
We are praying for all of you.
We love our Governor Abbott @GregAbbott_TX  HES THE BEST!! 

Owners of exploding chemical plant successfully lobbied Trump Environmental Protection Agency on tighter rules http://www.ibtimes.com/political-capital/texas-republicans-helped-chemical-plant-exploded-lobby-against-safety-rules …
Thank you! I live in Duncanville and we ran out on Wednesday.
Thank you, governor!
Regular is $3.49 a gallon in Dallas. Good job Greg. It was $1.99 two days ago.
Agree. Follow
If it's such a administrative and cost burden why don't you suspend it for good?
Should gas have jumped .20 cents after the storm?
We need our city water in Beaumont!
Dumb law to begin with.
You're doing a great job! Thoughts and prayers for you, all rescuers and the great people of Texas.
Leaders lead
Good job Sir!
great move.
I'm in Ohio. I filled up on Tuesday for $2.09 a gallon and yesterday it was $2.55
Thanks!
Ditch the restrictions and watch The American People soar! 
you da man
Maybe you should RAISE taxes and build bigger reservoirs in Houston and infrastructure projects so this won't happen again? 
ur Gov should declare an emergency 5% TX income tax for Texans to pay recovery before asking other 49 States' citizens. I'm taxed enough.
Great blessing. Thank you.
Thanks I was freaking out a bit
Reduced safety and higher emissions?  Way to go Repug.
Thank you Abbott but can we have the civilian help back in action and not get turned away from helping with search and rescue teams. GoTexas
Thats leadership. Texans can be proud of rhis http://one.lol  love respect and prayers.
Thank You 

