Keep working for #FullRepeal !  The only fix to this mess is the free market. Indy mandates are immoral!

@JohnCornyn @RepArrington
Won't happen - 99% of Americans want affordable insurance and care!
Like Charlie Gard got?
Totally stupid statement,Charlie  was born w/ terminal genetic disorder-  is no treatment. & healthcare in Europe is far better than US.
NO ONE goes bankrupt and everyone gets the care they need!
Ppl die. Hate autocorrect
People die everywhere - we R human beings. Healthcare is much better in Continental Europe than US. More cost effective & better care.
Interesting that you neglect to recognize the millions who have benefitted. Here in Texas you should have lobbied Abbot to expand Medicaid.
So fix the parts that will being more people into the marketplace. Stop playing electoral chess with lives.
You have no idea what you're talking about.
I need to explain why ACA is not unusable insurance? Do your own research.
It doesn't, and you don't.
DONT YOU DARE EVEN...you vile sick twisted man. Your time is DONE. Buh BYE
Real losers are Koch Brothers, Ted. They control your string
The losers are those reps who don't get it. Americans are entitled to good health care.get the drug companies to lower prices.RefundACA Now
I thought Christians didn't lie ?   That ACA talk is a total lie.  We all know that most of the increases and loss of ins co are caused by u
As long as insurance companies are allowed to override doctors by denying medication and hospitalization,  healthcare will suffer.
You are working on a plan that is 7 1/2 years old. What forward thinking entity does that? Progress with the times. Fix the ACA
nope,Comrade ,we are the winners, and we are the voters, and we are the american people you wont even meet !! Vote @BetoORourke @TXDemWomen
Wonder if congress was forced to have our healthcare how fast would  they fix it
Just wrong Fixweak items in healthcare without all those huge txcuts to wealthy Give Americans helpw/preexist cond,disabled kids,poor&elders
Mr. Cruz, I'm a proud Texan that wishes you were our next president. Please keep putting pressure on your fellow congress people!
Good luck , o/o repubs politics, changing party to straight Conservative ,
Sir, we are not harmed by Obamacare. We are harmed by out of control prescription costs. Perhaps that should be a focus?
Yes! And No Congress Representatives should have a vacation! Y'all need to be on Obamacare then y'all would defund & repeal it now!Shameful
you are the worst.

We need more like this Senator
Yeah, the worst ideas in the fictional "bill" belonged to Lyin Ted.
The majority of Americans heartily disagree with you on that one.
It must be time for some real politicking
Dear Ted, I think you're an ok guy. Give us a better plan and we're in. But to simply repeal O-care is NOT the answer. Surely you know that.
I believe, you and the rest are just setting up for single payer healthcare.
Go away Teddy
You can't continue to fight for the American people under the Republican banner They will never let you win The time is here for a 3rd Party
TRUTH! SOCIALIST DEMOCRATS DESTROY ALL THEY TOUCH!
Stop shouting and be part of the solution, not just the problem!
No. The losers are all of us who have to be 'represented' by you.
I concur with Cruz, though I am of the opinion Obamacare will eventually fall on it sword.

#44THMICDROP: Finish, through my will be done. What about your legacy? You can't erase history my administration and I made! "Next" Trump! 
No Ted, millions harmed by democrates who approved original Obamacare bill, simply referencing Obamacare is too autonomous to who did us in
My insurance was cancelled when the premium rose to $1700/month. Now I am sick with an expensive disease & can barely afford medications.
And under the Republican plan, you could be denied health insurance because you have a pre existing condition
And the uncertainty of the market.  Instead of fixing the ACA, you want to end the black man's policy..period
Actually sir, To us this is like a football game. And you lost.
#WeThePeople not losers #GodBlessAmerica in providence, patience 4 the ultimate victory over #Tyranny Legislators have squandered the trust
http://www.conventionofstates.com   Time for term limits
The GOP and tRump were the losers.
So disappointed and hope the Senate does not stop voting on repeal.
Try working together Ted
That's not true!  You want Americans to pay higher premiums for less coverage.  The only winners in your plans are Big Insurance and Pharma.
Senator yo no quiero que cambien el obscure con mi retiro solo me alcanza para pagar mi seguri de salud
If GOP RNC Mitch McConnell Paul Ryan had any brains they could rule for 50ty
years & be Heroes repealing #Obamacare & #Taxreform ASAP
No, you lost
Until you can provide a valid answer as to why you NEVER provided a valid replacement when @BarackObama was in office, then shut up.
No Ted, you are the real loser
The losers last night were the Republican party which has made repealing Obamacare their #1 priority and still can't get it passed.
https://www.facebook.com/steve.sussman/posts/10214108796459105 …
Dear Maude I loathe you as much as Trump #voteBeto
You were my second choice Teddy but Trumps my guy
So will the millions that will be hurt by #TrumpCare. Y'all don't listen to the people this effects. #nevergetitright until you do.
The lisers were the people of Texas you pretend to represent
Part of the solution is letting people have freedom to buy whatever type of medical insurance they want. #repeal #Obamacare Give us control!
TED!!..stop hiding behind your black-cape,in this crusade that U spew on caring about USA Citizens!!....IF YOU CARED,YOUD write a fair bill!
I watched you speaking live after the vote and it was one of the most impressive patriotic statements I have seen - Independence Hall style.
Our government is so broken that the pple doubt that it can ever be repaired...needs a major overhaul.
There will be no tax reform.  The GOP is not united to help the american people.  Failed obamacare repeal, broken promises dooms tax reform
I feel government is a bunch of fat cats living off the people's money,above the law and exempt from the rules they make and we must follow.
Join the Federalist Party Cruz. The GOP is as dead as the Whig party is.
Yes!!! We are the suffering
You're the only loser in town!! :) go fund Israel with billions instead of investing in medicare
Keep up the good work, you and some others have Americas back and it doesn't go unnoticed.
Just like the millions of americans that lost when you voted in favor of this woman.
campaigning for President already?
& you 
I love how gutsy you are
The only harm done to millions of Americans is you representing them as an awful senator
The 16Million you failed to steal healthcare from would disagree. 7 years and $90 bill wasted. And your plan was 8 pages done day of vote?
Which American people is he talking about? Koch Brothers?
No pretty sure it was you and the rest of the republicans minus 3
What about the millions who were able to have healthcare and those that were grateful to have it? A lot of those won't be voting for you.
@Dlw20161950 McCain may hear from some of those Americans living in Arizona who voted for him because of REPEAL PROMISE!
Wish @tedcruz was my senator.
And there will be millions more.
Nope. The losers are the fascists who want to kick millions off the plan, so they can give tax cuts to the rich.
True! However, ur wasting valuable time & resources. I say we leave it 4 now.  Fix illegal imigration. THEN go at it again w/accurate #'s.
We only lose when you sabotage the legislation. It's not perfect, but you need bipartisanship and working within your party.
You are right, and I think its time to get a new leader in Senate. No more McConnell. I tweeted Pres. Trump and recommended you or Paul.

you need to investigate if the rinos have been black mailed by DEMS
More people will lose coverage under current proposed plan.   Incumbents need to be voted out!
And you can't seem to help at all
And where is your concern for those you were willing to leave uninsured?
Not So - stop the nonsense lying


Suggest all victims, the actual people effected by the Rino McCain and Chuckie, send them their premium increases for their attention!
Loser was the party who has the house, senate, and Presidency and who couldn't pass legislation. Cross the aisle, work together. Fix ACA.
Yes we are the losers now but I feel that all of the Dem"S & Rep's should be forced to use Obama care like us American people!!
Thank you, Senator Cruz!
please explain in detail on your senate web site. texans we lost much when medicaid was not expanded. now you say we lost more?
Thank you Mr. John McCain.
Nope just you and Donald and the other idiots who tried to run roughshod over the senate
And the 33 million saved by the repeal they don't count.  Also the LGTBQ don't count...who do you count? Oh....sigh...you.  You count.
You are right Senator, keep fighting for your plan & for the American people.
you are a looser.

@benfergusonshow @AnnCoulter @RandPaul  If GOP would choose to win, then fighting for the American people would seem more spectacular!
Then do something
Amen
https://soundcloud.com/pcola-cashmanians/blac-widow …
Yes, you got that Ted.   I am licking my wounds and saving for my 2017 IRS fine.
Yeah, but we don't count as much as those who are getting something for nothing (Medicaid), those getting subsidies and the ins companies
McCain did not vote on health care,he voted to stick it to Trump the interloper....the man who got the job he so desperately wanted.
Then maybe y'all should've done it the right way
Nope. Pretty sure it was just y'all.
Eight and a half years you guys said you had a 'better way' including a replacement for Obamacare - that was a lie, all along?
The losers are freedom, liberty loving, hard working Americans
We continue to suffer because of irresponsible politicians. Best if you all just go home and stay out of our lives.Screwed up #HealthCare.
You Cruz can not be trusted Universal Healthcare is a MUST or repair the Affordable Care Act = Why are you so scar of the name Obama ?
Millions of your donors' dollars more like it. Btw, you do know you are reviled by almost everyone you know? It's not exactly a secret.
The losers are people who did not see your plan was absent of substance, and still thought U were right. You're not fooling all of us.
Your amendment was a good one.  We need more choice, competition and group association plans. We also need to negotiate lower drug costs!
The winners last night after failed skinny vote were the even larger number of millions that would have lost insurance had it passed
Thoughts & Prayers for the Millions of Americans the @GOP are trying kill by taking Healthcare away
Please name them, I dare you - I'll put my entire salary up against your bullshit.
Seig Heil! Seig Heil!
Looking at face.. seems like u have been losing for the past 8 years u nincompoop!! Lol
Thank you Ted Cruz!
Looser is nothing compared to their disgrace
@BetoORourke 2018 U have said enough Ted ....maybe time to move away from the camera 
There are not millions hurt by ACA. #FixACA Stop lying!
If the GOP continues to fail to act you guys can kiss being the majority goodbye forever. You've got to do something senator!
Don't give up Sen Cruz.  We the people deserve & desperately NEED more ppl like you in Washington.
"I am committed to this fight. As long as there is breath in my body," (VIDEO) http://www.redstate.com/streiff/2017/07/28/ted-cruz/ … #TXSen #Obamacare #ConsumerFreedom
The industries who pay you for your political terrorism...
Mr. Cruz all of America has lost. We have an insane dictator in the WH & you guys won't do a damn thing about it
Your obsession with Obama is pathological, Ted Cruz!
It almost sounds like he believes his own lies. Fake sincerity from a man who hides from his own constituents #FailureFriday
The winners last night were the millions of America covered by Obamacare

Amen Senator. Thank you stepping up since the election and backing the President and conservatives. You need some new colleagues in Congress
The millions of Americans SICK of corrupt Govt! Your OUR representatives NOT leaders. WE seen that our VOICES are not Govts priority!
Ted how well is you campaign funded by Health corporations? Who are you working for anyway. Does not anyone benefit from #Obamacare
We're not harmed by having healthcare, we're harmed when it's denied.  Fix the ACA and stop playing with people's lives!
The losers last night were Ted Cruz and his ilk who thought they could get one over on the American people. We're onto your schtick.
Umm, no. They were partisan Republicans who tried to pull a fast one and got slowed down to a dead stop.
No tax cuts until ACA is repealed! GOP doesnt get to walk away from healthcare dumpster fire! Make the money men happy while screwing over..
The GOP lost last. Y'all can't get anything done. Get it through your thick skull, it's about bipartisanship.
Lies, lies, lies. Playing to your pathetic base again.
No you were the loser
Except the millions of poor, elderly and mentally ill.
You're a Wall Street funded terrorist. 60% of Americans want Single-payer like civilized nations have.
Just let it die! Future Mr AG!
It's time for the new majority leader in the Senate.
Losers are the 48 Repub senators who voted to kill millions of Americans.  We know who you are. #TurnAmericaBlue
America wins when Republicans lose.
Not true. losers last night are people like you who continue to do everything in power to push extreme ideology while destroying democracy.
Harmed like your family's reputation when you started sucking on the orange tailpipe instead of standing up for them? Keep sucking!
When people can't afford Ocare any longer there is a free market selling healthcare policies. Medicaid will still be there.
Wrong. It saved 20 million from losing health care
True, but ultimately it's you and the #GOP are the failures, 7 years of lies come to fruition
Nope. Sorry. You're wrong teddy
The losers are 49 Republicans, including you.  Fix Obamacare.
No, the losers last night are you and all the other Republicans who have been lying for seven years about the Affordable Care Act.
That is for sure Ted!!!
How many millions? You are a US Senator; explain and defend. More than the 35, 22 or 15 that won? No facts (CBO), don't say it.
Republicans lied to us
If you really cared about Americans you would offer them the same healthcare you enjoy. #MedicareForAll
#GOPownsObamacare now. Fix it.
Until you can show a better option, I'll go with ACA. However, if you want to talk universal, I'm all ears
GOP, get it together! For 7 years, you promised the American people the repeal & replacement of Obamacare! #FlashbackFriday #EnoughIsEnough
Why can't you call out/kill the original Obamacare bill being once it was deemed a 'tax' it should've been restarted in 'House'?
Call out mccain and the other two rhinos!
Remember when you and @POTUS prematurely Celebrated on the WH lawn, That was your Bush "Mission Accomplished" moment. #wastedsenateseat
Our premiums up 150%. Deductible from $2500 to $6000. Awful. #repeal
So take that "loser" status & give it back to Trump in a very nonchalant kinda way. I'm sure he'll appreciate "u" even tho he can't stand U!
America is the loser because our elected representatives can't let go of political agendas and corporate kickbacks and do what is right.
This isn't about u, this is about the millions of Americans fighting 2keep their coverages. Obama did something/the GOP is tryin2tear it dwn
There was one rather yuuuge loser, besides the GOP Senator at Large named Cruz (def not for Texas)
You're a loser. #BetoORourke2018 #BetoForTexas 
You, sir, need to stop talking and listen to your constituents.
You got that right, Ted
You are a fool, do you not understand that the majority of Americans R against this policy. U and trump need to broaden your site of people
The winners were the 10s of millions that didn't get thrown off of Obamacare and didn't have a choice of your fraud freedom care.
False. Lying Ted!
Hey Ted, why don't you contact the @LittleLobbyists and see if they feel like they lost last night?? I dare you!
So #TrumpCare is gonna b the best? I haven't read what's in this plan but hearing John McCain voted "no" it must mean it's not ready!
Spoken just like a Lyin' Ted
I know of nobody who has been harmed by Obamacare. I know of many people who truly appreciate having insurance for the first time
You are so right! I am especially Disappointed in McCain.
Actually Teddy we won despite the efforts of the myopic moron and his malevolent minions we have an imperfect but workable healthcare plan.
Absolutely!
Please make sure that we get a deal with competition across state lines. The consumer should call the shots not the insurance companies.
We'd still have natural monopolies in a lot of places, and no price controls. Hate to say it, but single payer may be the best option.
reason 4 competition across state lines.single payer could be an option. I don't want 2 use a single payer system. i want low co-pays/prem
