@SenTedCruz 

Aaaaand why cannot this be used to help those who are poor, vulnerable & fighting addiction? 

Or simply for #FlintWaterCrisis
Build the wall keeps drugs out.
I am gonna say the honest truth here & I hope you are ready for it… there is no quick fix. Heroine is a certain drug that will last forever.
What one can do to effectively prevent addictions is to improve healthcare or improve the security technology, but not a $30+ B wall!
It'll save states Billions. CA spends 29 billion on illegals.Arizona said they'd save over a billion. It'll reduce stress of infrastructure
… where do we know this? Not even a blueprint at this point!

Do you not think "illegals" return pay taxes or have agricultural jobs?
Trudeau has submitted to Islam, and it's so bad that I'd like a Northern border, or help them recover there country.
I am sorry to interrupt your thought, but none (except for your 3 first tweets) of what you said makes little sense.
BUILD THE WALL AND NAME IT EL CHAPO
You guys know El Chapo buried under walls...right? And there's one gun shop in all of Mexico? That Mexico gets its guns from US?
Yup. How could the parents of border patrol Terry forget. Obama supplied them guns. Drugs for guns. Cut the drugs u cut the guns.
It's embarrassing how the US slams the cartels in Mexico when we are the #1 consumer.
Kind of like slamming the Middle East and being the leaders of terrorist. What's the point.
Thank you for helping @POTUS #MAGA  You are a true American patriot
Do you really want a single party in US government? Think how that works in China.
A 3 party system would be better than what we've got now.
I used to say my vote didn't matter, that Hillary would ascend the throne. When Trump was elected my Morale and Patriotism skyrocketed.
If your morale is based on a politician, you're living your life the wrong way
C'mon man. Trump beat Hillary!
If CheetoVonTweeto is required to lift your morale, you have bigger problems than you think.
El Chapo is from Mexico, looks to me like Mexico is paying for it. Still Winning.
So el Chapo is richer than Trump?
Pretty sure that would be a correct statement.
WE THE PEOPLE WANT A NEW SPEAKER NOW #FireRyan #BuildWall OR WERE REMOVING ALL @GOP RINO HOUSE MEMBERS IN 2018
She's in NWO group, read !
Like they'll ever get it. WTF our govt participated in illegal drug activity and they want to profit from it. They're all criminals. Stupid criminals.
Judd referenced @tedcruz’s suggestion that funds seized from drug cartels be used to pay for the border walls http://bit.ly/2uVtTJ8  #PJNET
good idea. if it ever comes true. regardless, the "wall" won't keep anyone or anything out. just a pragmatic, realist observation.
Stop separating american families.  build the wall and keep the illegal criminal aliens from killing our citizens!!
Who's the genius who dreamed up the name El Chapo (Ensuring Lawful Collection of Hidden Assets to Provide Order) Act? Priceless! 
This $ could pay for the wall. Or my healthcare premiums and deductibles
Wow!  Feeling a bit priveleged are we?  I pay all my own bills, so should you.
Actually I work 2 jobs,one I volunteer for. I never feel privileged & pay all my own bills, plus support a mother in law.
Then why ask for America to pay for your healthcare?
i smell a down payment on our wall!
In the meantime, @SpeakerRyan, Republicans resisting the Trump agenda must all be booted out. #ResignRyan #UselessRyan #UselessRepublicans
Quickly! "Leader Mc'Con'nell" Psst!
The drug lord notorious for digging tunnels? Tunnels go under walls.
You can flood tunnels
Well they may as well make a moat too. Call it the "Rio Grande"
Go for it, sounds like a great plan.
Use that $ to build the wall!
Great idea.
Now we're using our heads!   Awesome work Senator Cruz.
What is the status of the bill? Can it be added to H.R.4760 - Securing America's Future Act of 2018
Let's get this done.
What is going on with El Chapo's millions? Can we use this money for Kate's Wall?
@realDonaldTrump
Is it all American assets? If not, under what authority can the US government claim foreign assets from a non-American?
This will work---thanks so much Senator Cruz
Let his dirty money pay for the wall!
Genius!!!!
THAT'S HOW MEXICO PAY'S FOR WALL EL CHAPO 14,BILLION DOLLARS PLUS EXTRA FOR THE FLOWERS @SenSchumer @billmaher @billoreilly @WSJ
@lsonn55 @Sammyshow @AP @Lawrence @TheLastWord @SenSchumer 14 BILLON DOLLAR pays FOR WALL PLUS LUNCH ICE CREAM & ICE TEA TACO'S
Leave it2goofball child molester lookin double talkin Cruz2come up w/something so ignorant!R we sure he&Agent Orange aren't the same person?
this is a great idea and should be passed.
I'm still at ..YOU shutting down my government while my USA was at war..just to grandstand.  Go back to Canada..pretender.
That would be a wonderfully poetic justice, wouldn't it?
#BuildTheWall 
with money from the
#ElChapoAct 

Love  #TedCruz

Sounds good. Decent compromise.
You go guy!
Bloody Money
Mexico is not our enemy
How much opium is flown into Dayton OH from Afghanistan?
Best idea I've heard concerning the wall payment!!
How much of that money is going to be used for taking people's property away from them that live along that border? Ass
Where does this $14B reside, in Mexico? Good luck with that...
How about taking care of American infrastructure, Flint water first, before this massive waste of money.
it's nice to know at least one of our U.S. Senators can use their brain! #GREATIDEA!
We ABSOLUTELY SHOULD do this! Use illegally gained $$ put to good use!!  Keeping terrorism out SHOULD B FIRST PRIORITY!
I think that's a brilliant idea!! Can we do that? Is that considered evidence? Everyone wins in that situation I think..Let the Piper pay!
love this idea, they can pay for rehab facilities too right?
brilliant in every sense of the word. now, this is  a winner!!!
Please Ted, for truth in naming, can we call it the "useless theatrical distraction boondoggle" wall? Please??
The guy was famous for burrowing under walls. Do you guys have no sense of irony or social awareness? Kind of the Ass in Asperger's?
This idea is fucking genius! Ted you are the man!
Great idea @SenTedCruz  
Brilliant idea!!
What is your cut?  60%?  75%? Or your normal 82.5%?  Got to keep your real Country happy... Oh! Canada...
How exactly would the U.S. have jdx to reach assets in other countries? It's not like El Chapo held his money in a B of A checking account.
@SenTedCruz for @Scotus.  Great idea! Ingenious! How can we help make this happen? @FoxNews
Part of it is U.S. money after all
Build the wall!
It was almost meant to be.   Too good to be true.
Great idea. Hopefully you will be able to get this passed, Senator Cruz. Good luck Sir.
Only $55B more to go.....#fail
Outstanding idea @tedcruz Theres no reason this cant get done. #MAGA
Absolutely. Great work Senator Cruz!
Brilliant idea! 
Under Obama settlements were distributed to his favorite liberal activists how is that not stealing from the general fund?
Great idea!
I wasn't a fan of yours but if you get this done you will be a hero
That's the way to do it. He can't spend it in prison or he'll.
Great idea . Make it happen.
Great plan
I think certain senators Republicans democrats are bigger criminals people are just 2 stupid 2 realize how much youre getting raped by gov
Loved your idea of using it to BUILD THAT WALL !!
EL Chappo WAS and IS sponsored by CITY
Like Rick Ross, Boston George, Pablo Escobar and every other drug "Lord"
Pull weeds out by the #root
I must say that's a brilliant idea !!
Nice
Great idea!  Mexico can repay the wall cost upon completion.
Good idea Senator,
I suppose the liberals are going to cry over that and find some flunky judge to stop it
Excellent idea!
Talk about a border tax. I say it's a fantastic idea.
C'mon, El Chapo,
Be a sport!
Pay for the wall...
It's Trump Support!
Build that Wall 
Take it and build the wall
Let's even call it the El Chapo Wall. That will scare those Mexicans away.
You can also use government bonds and toll Mexican border!
GREAT IDEA!
YES Senator GO FOR IT Let's order the concrete!  I will be an inspector!  I am a RETIRED Federal USACOE Construction Rep GS809 Let's do it!
Enough talk, if it doesn't get DONE then what good is an idea that doesn't get implemented.  Talk Talk Talk....get it done then!
Love it
Fantastic idea Senator Cruz!  #BuildThatWall
Get him
please build that wall..don't conform WA...reform it!
here I got you something...
#BuildTheWall 
Build that WALL!!
Recommend you read "The Great Escape" and "The Tunnels of Chu Chi."
good luck with that don't be surprised La cartel Banco asking for money back .#usa #news @cnn @abc
Build the wall with it!
YES! But.. is there also a Mexican mandate that Mexico receive some of these monies to restore the damage he did in Mexico? Just wondering.
Wall money..
We will give El Chappo naming rights!
Where is the money now?
Start breaking ground
A no brainer.  Good job Ted.
YES. BUILD T WALL. AND GET RID OF RYAN AND MCCONNELL
I like this idea!
 I like it.
Love the idea

Among other reasons this is a great idea, it fulfills promise of making Mexico pay for the Wall
That's a great start! Can we allocate ALL funds seized at the boarder and from illegals committing crimes in US to pay for the rest of it?
Priceless
@LouDobbs What an ironic twist! Taking an evil and making a positive! All Americans will get behind this great idea! T Cruz MAGA
Excellent idea!  What could be more appropriate?  Now, can you make it happen?  Hope so!
A tremendous Idea!
Great idea.  Taxpayers on both sides of the Wall are getting schlonged, by CROOKED GREEDY Establishment parasites
14 BILLION?!?!?!?!?!
Love this idea and it is legal to do it! 
Do IT!
Count Chocula Gun Bacon, Take Trump and your wall to mars where you can both enjoy recycled urine.
This is why Cruz makes a Great Senator.
and rightfully so and should get support completely thru the legal processes
Please rename it as "border security appropriations act" or something. Naming legislation after career criminals is not healthy.

Lord, give us victory through Your Name!
.@SenTedCruz How about doing something useful with that money instead? Building schools, providing housing, feeding the hungry, perhaps?
GENIOUS!
The American people we pay 4 the Mexican wallNot thisdrugBecause he make sure %to hide all hisbefore  2 jail & being thrown into spot
Great idea
@dlbforbama That would be "Mexico paying for the wall", right?
If you woulda let him work in peace the wall woulda be YUGE
So you are assuming that money belongs to the US and no one else??? Oh, and u get to choose how to spend it.
Wonderful idea!  If we only had a fraction of the monies stolen from 'we the American people'!
I like it that's using money in a good way, Let's do it !
Although this appears a legitimate proposal, many innocent USA Citizens have had their property stolen by government without due process.
GREAT IDEA @POTUS @theRealDonaldTrump
Now you talking one way to build the wall
get it in your head no wall, you will be defeated by a democrat 2018 GOP finished
We have Tunnels and Catapults
This bill could save the GOP from itself... IF the GOP leadership will get behind this, but I'm betting they will fight it too!
@realDonaldTrump fund that wall! Expedite completion. #BuildTheWall and curtail drug traffic
 NICE
#TheBankOfElChapo
Same idea I said all along ! Yes he's not gonna use it in the pen
Excellent
Awesome idea that local and state law enforcement has been doing for years..
The el Chapo wall co sponsored by America
Ted what happened to the Washington Cartel?.You are now an official member of the Cartel.Do not hear you complaining any longer. Hot Air.
That pays for the wall!
That is exactly how the wall can be funded. An executive order would do. The house is another joke. Get the job done Ted
Great idea
Great idea...do it!
Drug money and property should be seized by the US Government. They Gov. pays the price for having all these addicts in our country.
Sorry but @VicenteFoxQue already spent that money...
Excellent idea! If Obama can sneak billions to Iran n middle of the night & many elites don't blink-then we can use this 2protect !
Get it Ted
Great idea to #BuildTheWall #SecureOurBorders
May want to take some of that Iran money also and put it into the kitty.
Imagine if we did that with all the illegal drug lords. But why? NA! will just keep them safe in CA, IL, NY. Should we offer free lawyers 2?
Ill gotten gains put to good use. Still a huge opponent of capital forfeiture in most situations, but in this case I kind of agree...
that is mexico,he is from it.
3 Things. It's an unprovable amount, maybe < 2 bil. Mexico will want the $ too. And it'll take years to track down.
Next idea?
This is common sense governing. Do this now.
Great way to pay for the wall- confiscated drug money for border wall.
. you support NRA. business is booming for them in Mexico. of course you dont care Cartels will keep infesting U.S.A
Finally a rational idea
Take  pay  from  democrats  to build  the wall  like  Nancy  ,Chuck,  and  a few  199 of them  and Obama  speaking  pay
That's the best damn idea ive heard from anyone in pubic office during my lifetime! Make it happen Ted!!! 
Just do it! Makes perfect sense El chapo and the cartels have cost this country mucho denaro in rehabbing poisoned citizens.
You are right on, Senator.  Keep this in the forefront.
Put the money towards the wall!!!
This would solve 2 issues 1) The Wall would get Built 2) Mexico would be paying for it.  NO BRAINER, now let's do it !!
OOps there it is!
Not a bad idea!
The BEST IDEA EVER!!!! @POTUS @GovAbbott @TGowdySC @RealJamesWoods @seanhannity @BreakingNLive @JudgeJeanine @brithume
Build the wall
There is your border wall funding!
Push back on liberals by putting Cruz on Supreme Court.  They can't stop nuclear option they facilitated !   LOL
And the can name it El Chapo wall
