What about people who are older or have pre exisiting conditions. Their premiums go up?
Hi Senator Cruz.  Please factor in that we are not at the mercy of insurance companies.  They are at ours.  No customers-no money-no profits
lower premiums - great! But what kind of coverage do you get with those premiums? #MSActivist #AffordableHealthcare
Stop. Just stop lying.
#ComradeCruz we do not believe your lies.  Keep supporting #Trump & the other @gop Russian sympathizers so ur election defeat is sealed

Ted NO INS CO BAILOUTS! Just follow Rand Pauls lead and vote for a clean repeal! Don't get this done and you won't get my vote period.
I hope that you don't mind me downloading this to my computer so that I can share it on social media, please.
Show the actual coverage provided compared to Obamacare
Coverage meaning benefits not people paying for nothing
@Blackdi51264299 We need this.
#WakeUpAmerica see #Obamacare for what it is!
Alright Ted, we're not buying this crap. Your healthcare legislation is bad and you should feel bad. I'm a fellow Texan and tired of the bs.
That sounds good. Let's just get rid of the MASSIVE TRANSFER OF WEALTH from the poor to the rich and I bet you can get it done. #healthcare
Never skulk. Will move when and where I want. You have a blessed evening.
We don't need .gov to tell Health ins. that they are too expensive.  Money talks and we are clients, not slaves and shouldn't have to beg!
Sir, add to your amend, Maine like invisible high risk pools,fund by reducing ins bailout $,& also use those $ to buttress Medicaid 4 states
I'd imagine one's team would certainly win the World Series if they had teammates serving as the umpiring crew. #CookingTheBooks #UseTheCBO
How and the hell is $380 any better? Might as well pay $845! Are you that out of touch?
Why don't you stop taking pot shots at Obama care and try to fix the issues that need fixing? Or would that require a bipartisan tact?!
Of course u pay less when u get nothing.  Can't believe you represent me in congress.
$380/mo for a plan that basically covers nothing and will allow insurers to drop you as soon as you make a claim. Sounds wonderful.
As in "too good to be true"
How about using an un-biased, not Price-led source?
And covers not much? No preventive care? What happens if you become ill  and have no coverage or high deducts?
The reasonable and fair health insurance companies will get the most customers whether young and healthy or having preexisting problems.
Lower profits and better rates for clients.  WE rule here!  Not them, not Obamacare, not any plan. WE need to dump those who charge too much
Whether .Gov or Us Clients tell them,The Health Ins. companies need to know that if they charge too much, we will go elsewhere! We are boss!
If they cost too much- dump them.  Dumping health insurance is not illegal!  Get rid of it and see them compete for your client-ship.
People should dump them and see how fast the insurance companies drop their rates.  And hospitals as well.  They are not the boss here.
We will except nothing less than a full repeal of the ACA
 lyin' Ted is lyin' again!
2024 is a little long to wait for lower premiums. 7 years?
We do not need a government plan for affordable health care. If a few million people dump it, the health ins. companies will plan better .
And by 2024 all the these people will be bankrupt due to the high cost now! Take health insurance out of government care!
CBO?
If it were any good why didn't GOP propose it 7 years ago?
HHS is hardly an unbiased evaluator of this mean healthcare bill.  They don't count.
please show line by line benefits comparison. price reduction no good if it only pays for a band aid, two asprin and a coffin
HHS is biased.
All the "high risk" customers will be dead by 2024.
This is so disingenuous.  It doesn't matter how low the premium is - it matters what happens when you get sick (deductibles, etc)
Lying Ted, we don't believe a word u say. #GOPlyingTraitors.
63 MILLION AMERICANS ELECTED YOU!
WE GAVE YOU THE HOUSE, SENATE & WH!

7 FREAKIN' YEARS!!!!

NO ACA REPEAL? 

YOU'RE FIRED!!!

NOV IS COMING
Stop your Repeal & Repair ACA. Healthy people work, shop, excel in school & stimulate the economy.  Pro life?  Your admendment says not so.
$380 a month for JUNK insurance that covers nothing vs $850 for insurance that actually covers everything.  Hmmm...
Still Too high and what constitutes high risk ?
Rafael, do you really believe the shit that come out of your mouth? Do you really know honk insurance cos are going to drop their rates?
so in 7 yrs, what good is that, People need help now
Seriously? The HHS. Tom Price? Tweet the analysis. Not everyone is part of your 12% base that believe in your healthcare babble. #LyingCruz
Why are you trying to deceive the American people by not including the fact the deductible is $12,000!!! 
That $380 a month gets  NOTHING!
Good!  Let's put it in the repeal bill as an amendment.
Get over it, Ted.  They'd be paying for a band-aid.
Senator, 
Do you believe that if someone's vote is wrongfully purged, the gov't has the right to collect their taxes? 
(w/o representation?)
Have a law ... no deductible higher than 2% of net income.
Crooked numbers. #trumpisfat
Why can't the GOP unite and pass the bill.  You're just has handicapping as the colluding media of not worse
By 2024....surely you can do better than that
Everyone must pay...Healthcare is not a right...young adults r already carrying the burden of Medicare,SS...and we r 20 tril in debt=sinful
If this amendment works so good why don't we just repeal Ocare in full and move to this system. Keep Medicare with a sunset clause.
How about the full repeal you promised?
Can I get my $300. premium, 2K deductible and no copay for the coverage I choose to have back?
Stop @tedcruz just stop. The ahca failed. It's was a shit bill. Try being bipartisan for once. #teambetos
You're desperate enough to quote HHS "facts", Rafael? No one wants TrumpCare or your amendment. Try again,
I like you Ted but you should know just as well as anyone not to trust a single thing from a bloated government bureaucracy.  #ProveIt
When You Say High Risk Doesn't that Really mean Pre-Existing Conditions? You keep Lying #TruthFactsMatter
What are the policy provisions? Enrollment numbers and dollars meaningless without defining benefits, Out of pocket and exclusions.
You can find in the endnotes to the analysis (link not provided by Senator Cruz): assumption of 12k deductible and 12k out of pocket max.
Your buddy @SecPriceMD, Secretary & Sycophant of @HHSGov, really went out on a limb for you with this one. You owe him bigly! Haha !
I'm high risk and pay $1,200/mo now! #RepealAndDontReplace NO MORE GOVERNMENT HEALTHCARE (except VA & Medicaid)
BREAKING: Congressional Budget Office: GOP repeal of Obama health law without replacement means 32 million more uninsured by 2026.
And this will cover what? Nothing? You really do hate people, don't you?
Read what CBO report says Ted! You, @JohnCornyn & @farenthold better read it! https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52939 … … If repealed, NONE of you re-elected!

ok. can we now compare what each covers?
Anyone credible would provide a link to the actual analysis and data so we could evaluate and verify. Instead, bullet points and a flag.
How the GOP tried to sabotage Obamacare.
There are low cost natural effective cures. Socialized medicine likes high cost ineffective treatments
Why is HHS scoring your amendment. It's partisan.  Let CBO score it
SORRY TED DON'T TRUST HHS @indtx36 @texasdemocrats @JCDEMSTX @TxBlackDemocrat @texasdemocrats @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC
On one sight the deductible was 10 thousand dollars.If true you would have a medical bill the entire year. It would be hard to meet the ded,
Before AHA I had a $500 deductible. Now it's $5.5K. Oh and the premium is about 50% higher.
That will be and is terrible
What's the deductible?
You are full of crap. I say that as your constituent. HHS, headed by Tom Price, is not an unbiased source and you know it.
Lies all lies!
Regulate prescription drug prices.  Enough is enough man, they make way to much money.
Insurance companies and medical groups make too much money as well
With a 12k deductible and a policy that covers nothing.  Yea...that a good deal.
stop embarrassing yourself... it's painful...
but we share one great thing uncommon wealth we are the people by the people not a false religion we trust in the Lord
And what will those plans actually cover for those high risk Americans? #GOPShame #wealthcare
each other, but we don't. After all your Dad MURDERED President Kennedy according to @realDonaldTrump
Fakes news!
oBOMBmacare is BAD FOR AMERICA & http://HealthIns.Co . are HURTING MiddleClass! #REPEALNOW &NEGOTIATE Coverage &LOWER Premiums #AHCA @GOP
Big question is , What is your deductible ?????
Yeah right!!! 
Please link to the actual data and analysis methods!
https://www.scribd.com/mobile/document/354188239/HHS-Score …
Assumes "adequate number of issuers" and non-ACA plans with $12,000 deducible
Among other assumptions.
No one is listening.

since most  americans  make  2,000.  a  month  after  all  taxes  guess  no insurance!
You lost me at "According to HHS," Teddy.
If a bullet was invented that immediately and totally healed the shooting victim Conservatives would suddenly be screaming for gun control.
