Repeal it, in steps if necessary, but get government out of healthcare.  Restore freedom to the people to run their lives.
You arent restoring shit. Youre handing it over to greedy ins companies in the pockets of these Senators. Only a fool believes otherwise.
Those of us who had decent health care in 2009 have been ripped off http://www.americanthinker.com/blog/2017/07/those_of_us_who_had_decent_health_care_in_2009_have_been_ripped_off.html … …
SOMEHOW, youre more comfortable with the idea of greedy, large corps making decisions for your health than reworking the system & univ care.
I have the choice to purchase their product, or not. I am not Constitutionally required to purchase for others unless forced by greedy pols.
Some do not have that choice.  Despite what you BELIEVE much of wealth is luck. You are forgetting a huge amount of the population. Selfish.
None of what my family has was luck.  It was construction work of 80-90 hours a week and employing dozens over the years. I grew up poor.
Luck that you were in that position. Many work the same, just as hard, and come out with nothing. Not due to personal choices, a broken sys
Repeal the Bill!
Thanks @SenTedCruz, making the best out of the #Obamacare mess. Don't want to see people lose their #Healthcare, but #Healthcare is broken
so you don't want to see people loose their healthcare, but thats better than working with dems on a bill that would improve healthcare?
Weird. Medicaid expansion in Ohio was a boon for many people I know.
A boon paid for by the forced extraction of money from someone else, also known as theft, unless the thief is the government
people who had that money because they live in a country that provides for the common good. gtfoh
That is not the proper role of government. And the government has zero to do with my success. #constitution #individualliberty #tgdn #tcot
BEFORE ObamaCare America excelled in Health Care-so much so that Canada &Most Foreign Countries Came HERE for it-No Longer!
Obama had to level out decline redistribute US wealth make USA just like rest of the world > He views USA as wicked as do all Leftist
#FullRepeal only! Then start from scratch and take the time needed to work on market-based reform.
EMBARRASSING! #SAD #BIGLY! COME TO TEXAS TO DEFEND THIS PITIFUL EXCUSE FOR HC!
Sounds like you are bragging about killing other Texans! Oh that's right your a bible believing christian who hates people!
Thank you @SenTedCruz ! That's why I voted for you and why I will continue to support you #RepealObamacare now!
We've seen what happened with Charlie guard we know America's experiment with socialized medicine it's called the VA repeal Obamacare
Another 2 years to formulate?????  Sir, STOP dragging this out!!!  Where is the bill we were told you had during the election cycle????
Do NOT vote for a bill filled with PORK!
Sorry, too little, too late. You helped the GOP fail. Voting against you next time around.
Amen
You are not keeping promises to be transparent and improve healthcare and healthcare insurance. Both 2015 bill and BCRA are worse than ACA.
You are NOT keeping promises. America did not ask you to repeal without replacement. We asked you to fix the problems, not make them worse!!
If you are successful in repealing ACA, I will do all I can to boot you out. Traitor to your constituents
Start with pharmaceutical companies. Why is my med for MS over $6k per month is US - $1100 in Canada? How much are they paying you?
Honestly though, why repeal something that is clearly working for millions and replace with nothing?
Senator Cruz understands the Pain of the American Working Class - Sit Up and Listen Senators #RandPaul #DeanHeller #SusanCollins #RobPortman
ACA did not damage us w/chronic diseases - your total repeal will. Take care! #MSActivist #ProtectPatientsNow
I will not support you on the next re-election if you vote to repeal the ACA program.
LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS!!! We don't want your sorry excuse of a healthcare bill.


Please DO NOT vote for this horrific health care bill.  Work with your Democrat  colleagues and FIX the ACA.
REPLACE TED IN 2018 @indtx36 @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @TxBlackDemocrat @TXDemWomen @IndivisibleTX12 @Indivisibletx7
If you love 2pac , listen to that Remix
Shame.
Healthcare in a competitive marketplace can be affordable.  Choices.  Vouchers. Price transparency/clear pricing. Price discipline.
Next year, we get to repeal and replace you with Beto O'Rourke who actually wants to represent ALL Texans, not just the rich & connected.
You don't have the votes to begin debate because the GOP is at odds with itself about how to reform healthcare.  You really need Dem's help.
If government is going to be involved in insurance business make the entire expense deductible.
Max tax deduction for family HSA is $7500, family health care plan is $9,600. Can't make only part of plan deductible.
Is Cruz virtue signalling? McConnell is certain to sabotage any serious attempt to repeal O'care.
Fire lyin ted
TAKE OUT the exemption for Congress and the subsidies for insurance companies.
A clean Repeal .  Let free market take care of the rest
Asking our elected officials 2 fix Healthcare for Americans is like asking an actor playing a doctor to operate on McCains brain. U cant.
@TheChuckNellis Banks and Insurers..
can't live without them..
can't get ahead of them.
They are the REAL 
Pied Pipers? #Repeal
Consumer Freedom amendment only makes costs higher for Americans who need care the most. Reject #BCRA and any bill to repeal #ACA
ACA is only affordable for a few through the high cost of premiums of the rest. It's broken beyond repair.
sha.e you hate your constituents and America so much. Hateful man
from the guy that says "vote your conscience"
Do you think people won't find out that you lied?
Very Patriotic Senator--
Just #RepealObamacare
I'm a Texan and I vote. Don't repeal Obamacare. Don't vote on anything w/o a viable replacement. Be sure I will be voting to replace u.
Ted why won't you talk about what your father had to do with the JFK assassination? Trump is gonna "spill" the beans you spineless HACK lol
Personally, I don't believe that the government should be in control of HC. Controlling HC is the first plank of creating a social state.
Why Cruz now saying REPLACE? Constituents want freebies? What has happened 2 all the polit?
Yeah yeah, TexASS, we are already familiar with your repulsive fascism.
Tennessee has a really high rate of diabetes and social security disability use. I look forward to the bottleneck, less con voters.
Just for you Ted.
Nice
You truly hate Americans who are poor, sick, disabled, elderly. Live our lives fpr 3 months and let's see how you feel. #TrumpcareSucks
ACA has not caused the damage that you claim. You are representing a minority! No tax cuts for the rich. No repeal. No BHCR. Save the ACA!
You need to slowly repeal and replace or else the entire healthcare market will collapse.
Venezuela no puede salir d dictadura comunista. X q hay mas de 20000 cubanos de inteligencia militar + los colectivos armados
Btw this is @tedcruz integrity.. I can't believe ppl r gullible enough to trust this idiot nincompoop!!
Option 1
We voted against socialized medicine in any form 
Oh yeah De-monetize RX meds 
#REPEALANDWALKAWAY
Take a look at Dr. Umbehr's AtlasMD healthcare as a business plan, maybe good option for certain people.
Secret meetings. No hearings.  No attempt at proper legislating.  Disgraceful!
I hope everyone keeps in front of mind that the Health and Human Services "approved model plan" that Sen Cruz touts has a $15k deductible.
Catastrophic plan? I'd be damn happy to have one available.
President promised better coverage for more people at lower cost.  He lied. And you conspired.
Anything that does not repeal this healthcare  pct is unacceptable.No tweeking,no extra $ to state Medicaid.Enough is Enough!Govt out of it
Then every republican should sign a waiver to bar use of any medicaid/medicare for sudden onset illness or accident. #bums
Real LEADERSHIP I wish you & @potus would truly team up. I understand why not. Wish you 2 could. You 2 are only trustworthy ones #maga
22m without coverage.  $13k deductibles.  20% rise in premiums for same coverage.  Pattern of lies and distortion.  Good job, Senator.
No more carve out for Congress, let them have our problem 
Most are on Medicare, just take it away if they are in Washington.
Yes please reapeal Obama care @realDonaldTrump
and replace with something better, plans y'all have come up with are crap.
Grateful that u r actually working! TY!
Of course they say that. They want the monopolies. It's gonna hurt if they have to be competitive which would drive our costs down.
Mary, why is it ppl believe that ppl w/ cancer were dying in the streets b4 ACA? That's just not true. We had the best HC of all nations.
This is a mistake, and either of these choices are disasters for Texans across the political spectrum. Don't do this. @indivisibleATX
TEAMWORK!

I see replace as well, so y'all better replace with something better and not just repeal or u WILL be REPLACED! #2018midterms
Thata boy Ted. At least you're trying to get something done. More than I can say for your underwhelming colleagues








Trump on Health Insurance
 Obamacare is 17 years old
 Insurance costs $12 per year
 My plan will cover everyone for less
 I need a win
Imagine thinking you need to repeal a plan where healthcare is $12 a year to make it cheaper
