We should be mourning #GeneCernan the same way we mourned so many celebs in 2016. Truly awesome.
What's to mourn? We should celebrate!The man walked on the moon!
Look up "mourn" if you are confused as to why.
Not confused at all. Not...at...all.
Obviously if you are if you ask "Why mourn?"
Obviously? Oh. Ok.

love it!
@AllanGPrice ... Hold on..do you mean the LAST man to literally walk on the moon, or are they all dead now?
Fortunately not, out of 12,  alive and fairly well are 6. Inc Jack Schmitt, Gene's LMP, the final mission 
...Had the privilege to meet Charles Duke a few years ago..Lovely man..very kind to my 12 yr old daughter
This is sad, and also because there should not be a single human easily identified as "the last man to walk on the moon". Fix that.
- they can't because of the #VanAllenBelt - they tell us that on the #Orion #Mars Commercials about the progress?
they have, but they can also look at http://spaceweather.com  data sources to guess when solar radiation is minimized.
plus Mr Van Allen himself has said that humans can pass through the belt, in a space craft, safely.
Sorry to hear of the loss of #Gene Cernan.  Another pioneer has left us...
R.I.P. Space dude!!
Prayers to his Family
@Concerned3rd5 ..some Dream of being a star while a chosen Few have flown past them!RIP
I like your picture
@viperellis RIP hope h will not b the last man to walk on the mòon
last person to pretend to walk on the moon.MustBetough living aLie, the money probably makes it easierTolive with yourself.shameONyou
I'm sad too. We're losing them one by one, but that is the way of the world.
how. How does anyone still believe that in 1969 humans drove a jeep around and played golf on the moon?! Fools! You're all fools.
@TakeThatDarwin @NASA What is your source and how did you fact check it?
May his Seoul rest in peace
God bless. RIP. John 3:16.
.@NASA Best way to celebrate his legacy will be to ensure that we go back to the moon so he is not the last person to walk on the moon.
Chief Minister Naidu of Andhra Pradesh, Smart Villages in India, says to us "Make the people in our Villages happy!"
Every NASA astronaut was my hero growing up. Sad Day For America and #NASA
sad day for everyone on our planet
.@NASA @AstroTerry NOT SERNA. SER #na #química. ¿Silva el NisxmLUNAr? SILVA R el Barba. Car Ma n AME N to: Genes
quid pro quo https://youtu.be/It-QLbf43NM 
nobody walked on the moon.. morons.. sheeps
sad
A great loss.  One can only wonder at the courage it took to make that journey.
I am so sad since I really admired his Passion and dedication to steping on the Moon. His book is awesome. God bless you, Gene!
RIP Gene Cernan.  I didn't know he lived in my hometown Kerrville, Texas
We didn't know that either, thanks for sharing! RIP #GeneCernan
Back in the old days when people walked on the moon
is there any other astronaut alive that has walked on the moon?
When AMERICA & NASA were GREAT,
46 yrs ago.
I am deeply saddened by the loss, of such a brave, and heroic man. Man, God give his family, and friends, peace, and comfort.
He was a Brave American!
@I_Juha 
#RIPGeneCernan

LAST AND FIRST IN HISTORY NOW NEVER FORGET THEM WITH NASA FOREVER
Hope President Trump will honor the American tradition of exploration and commit to  fund and revive space program.
A true legend.
He accepted the challenge and turned it into reality through, hard work, commitment, discipline, effort, courage, and sacrifice. Honor
RIP
God Speed, Gene. 
Gene and and all the others make proud to stand for America!
他一定是去月球了
big men right there!
RIP #GeneCernan. He was interesting man.
Rest In Peace 
felicitation raconte nous exactement ce que tu a vu
Sad day for all of us! RIP #GeneCernan @NASA
looked at the moon this morning winked and smiled Safe passage Gene
nooooooo

Sad news. #TimeToGoBack
Godspeed
@RikyUnreal, my deep't sympathy to the family & friends of Cpt. Cernan's passing. I was a soph. in HS when he walk'd on the moon in 72
He now explore the next frontier.  Prayer for him and his family.   And may we all met someday
We want this man to be cloned on the space again!!
we are sorry for your lose :(
another childhood hero has passed sad day
I watched NASA grow up with my father. Taking pictures off the TV of these true American Hero's. Thank you Gene Cernan.
Godspeed to another true Rocket Man...
Truly a great American. Fair winds and following seas, Mr. Cernan.
Godspeed Gene you will be missed and remembered 
#Forever
Another US astronaut is gone.  Space heroes like Neil Armstrong, John Glenn and Gene Cernan must be remembered.  R.I.P. Gene Cernan.
The mission began on December 7th, 1972 and ended on December 19th of the same year.  That was the end of the Apollo space program.
R.I.P.
He was the commander of the final Apollo lunar landing mission besides pilot Ronald Evans and Lunar Module pilot Harisson Schmitt.
Born Eugene Andrew Cernan on March 14th 1934, he was on Apollo 17, the last landing mission on the Moon of the Apollo program in 1972.
the conspiracy lives on that it was a recording on a set.. but if not i salute you 
After John Glenn in December, the first US astronaut to fly in outer space, Gene Cerman, the last US astronaut on the Moon is dead.
salute to a pioneer, and brave man! #GeneCernan #apollo #spaceexplorer
dammit it's 2016 all over again
RIP
never been there
Truly a great man. Rip.
... When are ya'll gonna stop lying about all of this?
a real hero and what a nice guy he was !
Thank you Gene!!!
Rest In Peace gene thank you for all u have done
He on the ultimate space flight now!
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/nasa/status/821082534821892098 … (Ranked 20th for Jan 16.)
such bravery so few have. Every astronaut is remarkable. This man is gene cernan, above remarkable.   God rest his soul.
My Flag is at Half Staff, return to the Moon, practice colonizing. @realDonaldTrump Will raise Flag Friday after inauguration
كلنا  نشعر بالحزن  رحمه  الرب وليرقد على رجاء القيامة
Time for Trump and @NASA to colonize Moon first
I also feel for him loss. World lost a great man...
never the people go to the moon because is no possibol W Hollywood 
you a fake the world is  a flat!!!
commander of Apollo 17 had a website calling himself last man on the moon. his last words before leaving noted it was only a start.
