Climate science critics suffer a fatal flaw: they cut funding to investigate their critiques on the research.
Critique 1: stratosphere dynamics. NASAs s'sphere plane's been grounded since the sequester. Can't prove a neg.
Critique 2: solar effects. All budgets inv this have shrunk. Either put up the $ or shut-up, Ted.
Think it would make a nice stand if you went & bought some oceanfront property on the gulf. <5' above sea level.
Says the guy with two cars.
@ChuckNellis  Thanks Ted for bringing out the truth!
I urge you to do more research beyond this Twitter post.
I urge you to do more research. Climate change is a SCAM sir.
maybe you can help me understand better. What's the scam? Why all the lying scientists?
just curious what was the temperature in idk 600bc?
you are all that AND a climate denier?! #ScienceIsReal
Climate denier? Nobody denies climate
.@SenTedCruz The vast majority of climate scientists urge urgent action NOW. Save out planet. #DoYourJob
our planet will be just fine.
.@Angel_Garcia68 @SenTedCruz Our planet won't be fine unless we take care of it by cutting emissions and supporting more science, not less.
Last 1. GOP is group that created vacuum of support 4 domestic research into Clean Energy after leaving the Kyoto Proposal- after that-
Kyoto Proposal failed and US became clean energy innovation leaders. Why give money to nations who aren't doing the work when we can give..
That to people and businesses HERE that HAVE AND ARE doing the work toward clean energy innovation? It's ridiculous. Worldwide economic plan
That was masked as environmental
I'll add more to that Senator. Models that weigh CO2 less importantly are closer to the real world measurements than others.
Ted is smarter bc he found one scientist willing to be paid to say differently
Ted Cruz u need to go. vote ur behind out
Science is not poker, Ted.  https://www.skepticalscience.com/Response-Data-or-Dogma-hearing.html …

Here's Dr Carl Mears on 'How Ted Cruz misused my data'
I don't believe anyone who says maysurement.
I had believed the alarm stuff for so long. Dem's made it a "partisan" issue. If real, should be too important to make partisan.
You want a fact ? FACT; Ted Cruz has yet to hold a Town Hall mtg, maybe you should check in with your voters
he has them all the time and I am his voter. Your not.
Cruz-missile boom
So how do you explain warming ocean water and melting ice bergs?damage to coral reefs etc.
I will listen to your facts if you will listen to your constituents @ town hall. Deal?
Go to it Senator Cruz!
you can't seriously be still debating climate change can you Cruz? Welcome to the 21st century
You make me proud that your my Senator! Keep speaking out Sen Cruz!!
why don't you come to North TX and have a town hall w your voters and we will let u tell us more about this
He had a telephone town hall about 3 weeks ago. You should subscribe to his Senate email if you care so much
I do subscribe and did not receive that notification!
Then you need to answer your phone! I recieve them and many all over Texas. Do you get paid to protest? Yes
They don't have to join 2030 ,we are the leader in reducing emissions
very interesting.
Hold a Town Hall and explain it to us?  Aren’t you worried about the earth you are leaving for your kids?  They are not immune.
just don't get it do you? Hoodwinked.
In other words, it's the Dem's fault for reducing this to a "partisan" issue. If real, it would be priority, international level
well, it's fucking hot in Austin today. When is your town hall btw?
Stick to Creation Museums Ted. They're more believable than your anti climate change arguments.
thank you Mr Cruz for showing the TRUTH.
Ted, you should study scientific consensus and not the few that fit your world view.
WAKE UP AMERICA
You REALLY need to start using quotation marks ("bunny ears") correctly. Which is it - "facts" or facts?
I'm a ted Cruz denier. As in I deny that you actually exist and have anything intelligent to say.
It'd be great to discuss this with your constituents at a town hall.
Climate change is real.  "Facts are stubborn things." - John Adams.  Only one fact, work with it.
#loseCruz2108
What year did you last tell the truth, Ted?
Don't need to debate which scientists have been paid off by Koch Bros like YOU..just use your eyes! Ignorant fool
Oh yeah, I trust an ideologically corrupt Texas senator over thousands of climate scientists & yrs of study
John Christy is a third rate scientist. What else ya go climate change denier? #Resistance
Climate change hacks getting rich on the backs of useful idiots! Thank you for bringing facts 2 discussion debunk the hype! 
Nice pet climatologist, lyin'Ted.
more hocum from  ol' texas double-down Ted (imported from Canada).
Hey Lying Ted, you're actually referencing a late night comedy talk show in your "debate" on climate change? Sad
@peddoc63 @LateNightSeth  As a Real Scientist l've tried to debunk fake climate theories but the uneducated pretend to know more
They need to stay awake in Statistics. Or maybe the fake climate need to actually take Statistics.
you watch late news but can't have town halls?  That is the fact I am concerned with
@JenLynnOh @LateNightSeth get em dad.

Your scientist must have been Al Gore, The world is ending quit doing everything
nice job, as usual Ted, in exposing duplicitous leftists.....
Absolutely LOVE it
You should take a research trip to the Arctic. Either you disprove CC or polar bears eat you. Win-win.
LOL now Ted's denying climate change. You lost all credibility even before you sold out to Trump.
wow do you really have that little regard for you own children. Oh right they are just girls!! Sad you are
Once again, Sen Cruz demonstrates his limited grasp of science and dedication to bringing the US to ruin.
OK I call your bluff - u can go all in w/your 2 paid-for denying scientists vs 100s others affirming rising temp
Bat-crap crazy, huh? Have you taken a look @POTUS ?!?
Ignorance and fanaticism have gone hand in hand all of human history. Rafael Cruz is nothing novel.
settled science, my ass. Follow the money
The least objective ppl are "climate scientists" if they were truthful and objective, they would lose funding.
It's been in the mid-80's in Dallas. In February. This is NOT normal. Come to a townhall we'll explain it to U. @LateNightSeth
@FrankiesDad1 @LateNightSeth only thing is, if yr a climate scientist, those r'nt the only measures. Water temp biggest factor
@thebestcloser we have been preaching that it isn't real for MONTHS
can you say carbon tax boys and girls
Maybe between your busy schedule of watching late night comedy shows, you can hold a #TownHall?
In his defense, @LateNightSeth is just doing a bad Jon Stewart impression.
Best climate fraud documentary I've seen. ACTUAL climate scientists. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=52Mx0_8YEtg … @SenTedCruz @LateNightSeth
why waste your time on the knuckle heads. Although is is beautiful watching you prove'em wrong.
http://www.thegwpf.org/content/uploads/2017/02/Curry-2017.pdf …
It's bunk. See Global Warming Policy Foundation - Source Watch. @SenTedCruz @LateNightSeth
... brilliant...!!
NAFTA Ted
can't wait to vote you out of office.
come home to North Texas... we need to talk... or we'll organize a meeting without you.
How do you look your wife in the eyes ever again?
proving global warming false reports.
actual facts lying ted??

That was funny
This cannot be RT enough. cc @GreenFraud
do you see that the blue line is climb though at a lower rate but still climbing?
Ted is clueless
