Senator, you had 7 years to come up with a bill.  You still don't have a bill, all we know if you want to take health care from 16M families
You dont have a bill, so just repeal this disaster
OR, take the time to figure out a good plan that doesn't put 16M out of insurance and you're no so ashamed of you need promises to NOT PASS
Just let it die. Get the government out of personal choice. If I don't want it I would be glad to be part of the so called 16m without.
I don't want to lose children to cancer in service of Ayn Rand's discredited economic theories.  I prefer facts.
I prefer Faith. Faith in a bigger source than me or the gov. That's why I'm at peace with all this.
My faith teaches me to be kind to those in need, especially ill children. Science shows me how, and that leads me to health care for all.
Does your Faith tell you to petition the government? Mine teaches that it is a personal responsibility to look after those in need not gov.
We have Medicaid we have Medicare. Why do we need a healthcare bill? It was designed by the Democrats to create dependency on govt
Mandate that insurance companies must sell insurance to people with existing conditions and be done with it
I don't think the ACA should be repealed but improved. Obama did specify this after its passing
I disagree. It is the groundwork for socialized medicine. I don't want govt in my health. Once the control yourchealrh they literally
Died waiting months for proper care. No thank you. Freedom of choice is priceless
We've already tried the freedom of choice thing before the ACA and it didn't solve the uninsured problem.
Because of the pre-existing condition issue. I call BS on the insurance companies. Why AREN'T they being looked into to make changes!
Why couldn't you come up with a bill in 7 years?  What's wrong with you?
Constituent here...You are the worst senator I have ever seen.  I will make it my personal mission to see you out in 2018 #Beto2018
As Drago said, you will lose
1.79 million in Texas alone will lose insurance coverage.  That is the largest of the states.  But you keep supporting this murderer.
What about the 150 million that are forced to buy it? does anyone care about them?
You are misinformed.
Hang in there u have been there. they fought you too.
Govt should take over health insurance - then it becomes not for profit and costs less!  Easy!
Trump was right about one thing you are a liar Ted
LIES. Shame on you intentionally misleading Americans to give wealthy a tax break. This is exactly what YOUR PLAN would do to me. 
People suffering under Obamacare?  No,  actually we're a nation of people suffering under the Trump administration.
In case you missed my floor speech on Consumer Freedom in healthcare, watch the highlights here!
Can't wait for Texas to choose someone other than you!
Just have all co-pays on medical, dental, and vision $3-$5 co-pays surgery copay $25 for all Texas residents.
Consider flood control canals, and resivors where repeated flooding occurs.  Cheaper than rebuilding cities, Creats jobs.
We need you on the SUPREME COURT soon...
What, exactly, will repeal or any replacement on the table do about the insurance companies that you rail against aside from unfetter them?
Liar
"DT you're a sniveling coward. Leave Heidi the hell alone!"also, "may I work 4u please sir?" = 2 sniveling cowards!
JUST IN: Trump considering Ted Cruz as to replace Sessions as AG: report http://hill.cm/ihTiXSR  
Thru Rhetoric and thru non reimbursement of private insurance companies for services rendered to their consumers. People tell this Senator
The GOP white privileged millionaire lawmakers want to fix healthcare by taking it away from the sick, poor, elderly, & disabled. Nice, Ted.
How much is your medical, dental, vision, and surgery benefits co-pays?
great speech senator! here is a list of the republicans rinos that would not vote down Obamacare
Why would I want to watch an a weasel who let Trump bad mouth his wife and father.  You are no man Rafael, only Trumps toy.
This is just a crock. The plan that Senator Cruz touts has a $15k deductible. You'll love your consumer freedom, unless you need insurance.
Show the proof that the deductible is 15,000
Sure, look up the HHS study Cruz widely quotes in tweets as offering "affordable" alt to ACA. A totally junk policy with $15k deductible.
SUCH A LIAR,NO TRUTH IN YOUR WORDS! THE ONLY FAILURE IS THE REPUG MAFIA/POTUS!!! ACA HAS WORKED FOR MILLIONS! MORE THAN WE CAN SAY FOR YOU!
Senators Collins, Murkowski, and McCain did the right thing for the American people.  You should take a good long look in the mirror Senator
It is time to turn tje page on Mcconnell Amendment Act 1628. You cried on the steps of the Capital. Suck it up. You lost the vote on the
Blah blah. Saw u after the vote. Why don't u work n a bipartisan way. Stop the BS speeches. Yes. Lower the premiums! U r full of hot air!
You mean like the Demoncrats worked with the republicans when they forced obamacare down everyone's throat?

Enough it enough. DJT is wild and irrational, act before we all pay the price.
@JohnCornyn @RogerWilliamsTX @SenTedCruz
REP SENATE& DEM SENATE BHIND OUR BACKS GOING 2 FIX ACA LAW! THEY VOTE WAS AN ACT 4 US! THEY DECIDED 2 F**K  US 2 KEEP MURDERING ACA LAW!
Absolutely the Consumer should have the freedom of choice, I think forcing a Consumer to procure a product is against the law & punitive $?
Clearly these things things s/b deemed illegal w/Obamacare so what kind of a bill can U create Sen. Cruz with the CP- ACT vs Freedom to add
If it's catastrophic Teddy NaySay why is it still there .@SenTedCruz? Answer: bc you are a loser and fail at your job. Time to move on.
What is your town hall schedule????

I STAND WITH TRUMP!
Congress bought by lobbyists!
Media owned by libs!
The swamp is deep!…
"Bailing out" insur co = paying part premium b/c I can't afford it, giving me coverage. Just say "stop helping consumers."#Healthcare
Ted, term limits, get the job done!! Now!!

@SenateGOP purposely did nothing 4 Replace & Repeal. Bhind our backs they R going 2 Do what the Dems want 2 do OBAMACARE. This was leak out!
You voted to kill millions to line your greedy pockets. Nov 2018 will be sweet! #2018midterms
Insurance companies must be giving millions of dollars to keep this in place surely no senator would let people suffer ha ha
Thank You Senator 4 honoring your word and voting Repeal and Replace. Thank You 4 supporting President Trump! U R a Statesman w-Virtue! 
Talk is cheap
Why did you support sr118 banning free speech it is anti usa pro islam pro muslim
http://insider.foxnews.com/amp/article/57261 …
WHAT DO U SAY?
Just wanted to share an example of real leadership. Leaders with Americans best interest at heart, not their own.
Glad I missed it. Im sure it was a bunch of hot air.
Not fluent in Cruzese? "Insurance company bailouts" means "insurance for the working poor, the elderly and those with pre-exist conditions."
Yes, the catastrophic law that helped people get insured.
As a constituent I once again ask you to work in a bipartisan manner and shore up the ACA. You haven't been able to kill it in 7 years so...
I'm sick of do nothing backstabbing senators that don't support POTUS to get things done. Too many breaks & can't agree on passing bills
COMMIT to   your members of Congress Daily!!!

DEMAND #FullRepeal & AFFORDABLE Free Market HC!
. .. Are you saying we should believe that your father was a part of the Kennedy assassination?
You allowed your wife and father to be crushed by Trump, nothing you say carries any respect
@SenTedCruz is a Donald Trump Republican. History will not be kind to him & Heidi will likely divorce his sorry ass after 2018.
Please support RAISE act- if not, please explain why-sensible changes, reasonable expectations
it's lies like this that are really hurting Americans.stop lying and maybe do some research so you don't look so stupid all the time.#Resist
-Sen John McCain BACKSTABBED THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND THE AMERICAN PPL!Change your Twitter Logo so you don't look like you both think alike!
Pay attention to what #Putinspuppet is saying
http://amp.dailycaller.com/2017/08/01/house-judiciary-member-mueller-legally-required-to-resign-over-conflict-of-interest/ …
Cyberdyne Systems' advanced AI Skynet is working on a final solution to humanity's healthcare worries.
Hey why don't you  promote bipartisan type of working together to improve on what is already available for health care. its called working
What happened to #RepealObamacare? Oh, that's right: job security within the Drumpf administration. Because that's more important.
Time to work with the democrats on healthcare.  Fix it. Don't let the rich rob everyone else.  The silent majority vote in numbers!
Why is it you and ALL politicians and their aids have insurance paid by OUR money and WE THE PEOPLE can't get good, inexpensive healthcare?
PLEASE fight against single payer!! Give US our choice back! Get the government OUT of OUR HEALTHCARE! SAVE US FROM OUR GOVERNMENT!
When will you remove a paranoid delusional narcissist from the oval office?
When will you demand Trump sign the Russian sanctions bill?
.@SenTedCruz .@tedcruz Senator Toxic NaySay Ted Cruz - killing Americans 16,000,000 at a time. Fortunately Ted can't get the job done.
Get rid of it altogether
Obama care just needs repealed
Why are you retweeting this crap @SenJohnMcCain? QUIT flipping! You voted yes for debate & then no on repeal. Are you regretting it? WTH? 
@SenJohnMcCain & Grandpa Munster, WRONG. For 7 YEARS, the REPUBLICANS have done nothing with healthcare, but tried to pass some in 2 hours!
PLEASE protect my healthcare by saving and fixing the ACA. I need it for me and my family and we DO NOT want repeal. Save the ACA!!
@BarackObama CARED !!!!!........ START
What have you done to improve the well being of, for, by the people since  you've been in office?
ACA is failing only because you, Senator Cruz and your minions, failed to support it monetarily and legislatively!
Tweeting Queen - His pal, Putin has expelled 755 US diplomats. What is he gonna do?
Mr. Green Cheese, we make great effort to miss your acting performances.
You sounded smarter reading Dr. Seuss.
TRUMP-FREEDOM-FIGHTERSLiberal Lie'n MEDIA&Lie'n DEMOCRATIC's "like SIGNS "made up for Cars "let"know we are committed 2 Trumps POLICYs
@GOP lied to AMERICANS U HAD NO PLAN FOR REPLACEMENT FOR 7 YRS YOU JUST HAS @FoxNews TALKING POINTS #SHAMEFUL
What happened to Ted Cruz? He's now TRUMP"S BIGGEST SUPPORTER, &  happy to tie his political future to Trumps. Always does what Trump says.
Lyin' Ted.  One of the things Trump got right. You are a liar indeed.
yup, he's pretty hard to take; i keep thinking of that interview of him in high school. Scary-mooch
Get out of Obama care all together. Repeal do not replace it. 
Set Term limits & stop federal paychecks & benefits for congress & Senate
how can some fool born in a commie nation know what we want from our repe's here in this country by kissing up to people that r plastic
God, fill Senator Cruz w/Your boldness to continue to fight for so many Americans who are suffering under the "NonAffordable Care Act".

put McCain on Obamacare. At least do a hypo on his current costs vs someone in AZ with same diagnosis.
All OCare is is a TAX!! Explain that to American people! When Dems says millions w no coverage they mean "millions with no tax"!
Why are you abandoned your constituents? We need someone to speak for us, not against us! Your job is more important, country last #Coward
As a GOP leader- 7 years are long enough to have a great healthcare bill. Sequester yourselves and get it done-we are hurting-penalties
Make it against the law for insurance companies to turn a profit.
Can you get rid of the filler buster??
@AlanAshton10 You must get rid of the UNaffordable care act. All of it.
I believe you will fight for the people.
Blue Cross/Blue Shield had 95% of the health insurance market in Alabama BEFORE Obamacare passed. How is that not a cartel?
Time for @POTUS @realDonaldTrump to write an EO to ELIMINATE OCare yep Justice Roberts called it a tax.....
why didn't you give your wife consumer freedom in buying soup cans
mcDonnell has to go, he and his rinos dont want to repeal Obamacare. They should listen to your plan Sen Cruz. They want single payer
Only option
#Fullrepeal
#Donotreplace
#Freemarket
#DirectPatientcare
#Competition
#OpenServicesPricing (esp hospitals)
ACA's best part is mandate. US should provide universal healthcare for Americans include Congress, Insurance 101 = bigger pool spreads cost!
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity 
Make free-market insurance evolve as 0care implodes
#CCOT to #MAGA
Stop blaming the democrats. You have had 7 years to come up with a plan. You have nothing but a bad bill that was worse then what we had.
PLEASE PLEASE propose bill that requires Congress to follow Obamacare.  Would LOVE to get votes on record for that. Americans deserve that
Until all of you stop saying your instead of our re:laws passed applying to congress as well as all citizens you all can just shut up FED UP
Of insurance companies are making so much why are they pulling out of the ACA. People and insurance companies are hurting.
Shut up.
Cruz (and LG Patrick) has still not removed death panels that were put in place while he was SG of  Texas.
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2009/aug/19/death-panels-exist-already/ …
And no loans from Goldman Sachs (the company that bailed out Venezuela).
We need a winner.
Floor speech does not reduce premiums or increase coverage, Trump promised amazing. This does not meet that promise.
https://www.betofortexas.com/about-beto 
#Coward #Liar
What did you do during these 7 years to help put a new plan together. You waited until now and tried to force a plan that has not been
Well thought out, did not have any bi partisan discussions and you want to implement to cross off a task. Waiting until last minute is your
Fault.  You had 7 years.
The man who should be POTUS...
I wouldn't say I missed it Bob.
Shame on you for voting to take health care away from your constituents! We won't forget this cruel vote and we will hold you accountable!
Senator Cruz if we have Obamacare you and the rest of Congress should only fair
Ted, try Daniel Horowitz's ideas. You wouldn't even need an ACA repeal. Try proposing them!
They'd rather destroy USA and pump billions into their insurance co/pharma/giant hospital chains coffers. The rinos need the contributions!
Your friends are taking the money we pay
You have no highlights
Thank you Sen Cruz. Hopefully our #Healthcare will be Free Market, able to purchase across State lines, States control their #Medicaid
Not one more dime to prop up Obama Care from a concerened Texas fro Fort Worth,Texas Bob Smith
Hi Mr. Cruz, friendly reminder you were elected to represent the people of Texas and not the insurance companies.
You're idea of "consumer freedom" is take whatever expensive crap product a monopolistic corporation offers.
Nobody knows when they'll get in a car wreck so they get insurance. Same with your health!
And STILL can't deliver to the American ppl. Can't wait until 2018 when all you do nothing's are up for re election!!!! Then it's our turn!!
Well damn tht sure snds gd, lke every othr spch we've hrd from rep., now how abt actually doing smthng abt it. Rep hve all 4 brnchs if gov't
This amendment sounds good. Cannot believe it was rejected. #ConsumerFreedom
Senator Cruz, people should have choices but will they have the money to afford the premiums, copay, deductibles, etc?  How about the 16 m?
Democrats believe you can't have healthcare without subsidizing insurance companies.  Saw podesta on Bartiromo. Wtf screw the ppl.
Quit bitching about it & come up w/something better.  You had 7+years & all u did was complain.  Your plan was to make rich richer, period.
Ted, you are a hypocrite who is wasting the tax dollars that pay your salary
Go Cruz. Very proud of your standing up for America, hope you can rattle the swamp on their globalist agenda. 
A BIG K street brick wall, but chipping away working on it.
https://www.betofortexas.com 
It's time to return the Senate to the state legislatures and repeal the 17th amendment!
You had 8 years to come up with something better - you had the majority. And yet ...
Thank you for fighting for the American people Ted! And for putting aside any personal feelings about our duly elected President.
yet you voted for another form of lousy big govt policy that didnt repeal. I've lost faith. Im done helping repubs win elections.
You are 1 of the true fighters for our nation. At least 3 Rep senators should be counted on the other side.   #TermLimits
