What about retired, no longer licenced nurses? First aid work or anything?
Do they have to be certified in Texas?
Still in need for social workers? Can attempt to make it there 6a
is there a way to fly from Waco to there? I can come asap if so. I can drive if the roads are passable at the time. I am an RN who does ER
Airports shut down for days. Would not try to come here without knowing you have a place to stay. Houstonians flooded our need priority
Im in my last semester of nursing school. Are student nurses able to help?
@JordanJanke
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
Houston contact us when you need Disaster Therapy K-9s. We can do Psychiatric First Aid K-9 Therapy Counseling.  http://www.errt.us/ross-key-first-aid-stations.html …
Are all mega and related churches & billionaires responding with their finances, boats, yatchs, and planes for Harvey victims?
Have they reopened the airports?
Are mental health care workers needed?
Absolutely
So, legit question..  For something like this, how important is it to verify that the volunteers are legit?  Or is that not a concern?
I would imagine they'll ask for proof of license upon arrival.
How about certified EMTs?
Another org - https://teamrubiconusa.org/join-the-team/down-n-dirty/volunteer/ …
@SMYSOfficial GEORGE R. BROWN NEEDS CERTIFIED NURSES & SOCIAL WORKERS. If you can safely get there, please go find Tom McCasland head of ops
May want to consider critical care Paramedics that can handle airway, cardiac and other life threatening conditions, advanced procedures etc
Contract out a few hotels, use for shelters, support with food, aid and counseling services
Arghh I hate this! MDA LCSW here, can't get downtown right now. Pls keep us utd on what we can do once flooding recedes.
Am from Uganda in East Africa, can I get there.
is George R. Brown accepting Rx meds from anyone? I know of someone collecting some to donate. Yes? No???
Do you need licensed vocational nurses? I'm in San Antonio.
To my NASW peers, fyi
RN. Will be there as soon as the roads are clear enough for me to get in...
Do you have a press release or call for assistance? I will get the request out through my channels. My email deona@socialworkhelper.com
As Soon As I'm able to get out! I'm coming to help!!! Prayers
How are you all on Medics ?
LBSW or are BSW okay too?
I’m a nursing student. And I graduate this semester. I’d be glad to help! Let me know if you’d like my services since I haven’t graduated
Do you know if they are needed for therapy or case management ?
How about volunteers who've had FEMA training?
You need a brain
Where can she send clothes donations?
DM @itseffinjas she taking the stuff for people in need
https://www.facebook.com/mattisongrey/posts/10214036312480593 …
I'm available next week. California RN here
I am in the STL, MO area, but once the immediate area is passable, I would be willing to travel to help as a RN.
I'm in the same area and a licensed social worker. Please let me know if I can join you!
I did just fine.
MDs as well?
Heard something about the water being shut down ? Is this correct ?
Although needs r magnified now, this is how hard hospital clinicians hustle daily! Remember ur vote on healthcare? Clinicians suffer@POTUS
Is it true that the Kingwood and Atascocita areas water supply will be turning off sometime today, August 28th?
Do you need other types of volunteers?
You go guy!
are any other volunteers needed? am local and can be of assistance
@SenTedCruz Are CNAS needed as well?
Is there is any one that can get rescue workers into the areas in need? Please send information. Thank you!
Yes. I am in St. Louis, MO and I would love to help and get into the area safely. Info greatly appreciated. #RN
@RoseAnnDeMoro if you have any contacts to help. https://donate.nationalnursesunited.org/page/signup/rnrn-harvey …
Not either, but i live nearby and can be there to help. I can carry, lift, etc. Should I come?
Yes, I can. We were at GRB for about five hours today. West Dallas all the way into downtown is clear
Download this app and you can get free virtual care right now! Clinicians are waiting!
Care Convene by CareConvene
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/care-convene/id1061399018?mt=8 …
Is there a way to get there from Austin? 
@lorenaallamas
You should have advised the citizens to evacuate days ago. Too late now. You only cared about Democrat resistance. people will remember this
Do you not rememer the people who died evacuating during Rita? Figured you'd blame dems. Low.
Is 59 from Bellaire area passable?  I can drop someone off
Praying for from South Carolina
Can't get there now, but if you need help after the storm passes, I will be available in a role as a RN.
LMSW here, can't make it in but is there anything that can be done remotely? Have cell service
Same here, LSW in Nevada
We can help!
