Sen. Ted Cruz: President Trump should fulfill his promise to withdraw from the Paris Agreement on climate change http://cnn.it/2qBQoNf  
I hope when coastal Texas is underwater, the voters there remember how much you did to stop climate change.
Uh? If you believe climate change by humans is true, you have a tv addiction
If I could prove by a nasa video that we humans have never been beyond low earth orbit, that would mean we never went to the moon. Right?
Thanks for following me, but I have no time for people who cobble together conspiracy theories from random bits of info. You're on your own.
Whats wrong with you guys? The climatechange IS real, and youve got to adress it. At least for your childrens sake.
Its real? Because you heard it on cnn?
Didnt.
Did Goldman-Sachs tell you to say this? I guess you don't want your kids to breath clean air/drink clean water. Exxon even wants to stay in!
No. Republicans like dirty water and air, don't you know?
Oh really? So, Democrats in control during the ENTIRE Flint, Mich. water crisis in 2014 are all so concerned?! Get your damn facts straight.
The Flint water crisis is still happening, prove that republicans are making it better.
Flint is a shithole perpetually run by democrats. Nothing these people do will ever work. Recently called "most diverse " city. 95% black
ooh but also it's being fixed "by 2020" so that's rough. also "diverse" at 95% black?
No kidding! The msm says shit like that all the time. Social justice NONSENSE
Generally I run from Ted Cruz. Not just because of his father but he just looks pedoish. However, I agree with this tweet!!!
Yeah because you know, science, why should we base policy on something provable?
Yeah because you know, they told me on tv it's real! Yeah like sure! Goooo msm! Brainwash us all!! Yeeehaw!!!
Mercy good sir or madam, for thine rapier hast cut me to the quick.
It would do NONE of those things
I find your position shameful. Your daughters must wonder why you don't care about their future.
Shame on all of you.
Yeah, because destroying the planet ... yay! #sad #headinthesand #youretheproblem #saveourplanet
I feel for your children. Obviously you do not.
Let the other 200 or so countries pay the BILL and sacrifice their jobs and economy!
Can you take the opportunity to withdraw from Congress
So what if climate change will destroy our future, I pleased my corporate donors, dear (questionable) daughters.
Not much of a father are you Ted?
.@SenTedCruz Bad idea Ted. Please work w engineers & scientists of Texas who understand #ClimateChangeIsReal & that we need to stick w Paris
Maybe importing a bunch of terrorists will balance the globe to change the axis and van allen belt will work properly to reflect sun rays
, very constructive comment. Bravo!
Now that you're no longer a fetus, my daughter, I don't have to care about your future.
@RepMarkMeadows @POTUS @CNN 
Yes, anything that Obama did has to be stricken from the books.  Can't have a legacy for an African Muslim President even if right.
again on wrong side of history, joining only Syria& Nicaragua in shunning #ParisAccord. Cruz =POTUS' lackey. @texasdemocrats @BetoORourke
Respectfully, I disagree. The military is combating climate change, yet you ignore their warnings. @DeptofDefense
Now I understand why your daughter didn't want to hug you.
I hope your kids disown you when they're older. You basically just told them you hate them.
Are you a fool or just ignorant?? I cant believe you dont grasp the science, its undisputable. or you are going to wait until Fla. is gone?
Sen. Cruz you are so right. Plz inform the President he is making a big mistake staying with the accords. You are right, climate change BS
The ignorance of a Trump supporter is unbelievable. Climate change is real. The majority of scientists have said it real.  WAKE UP.
No the majority has not. Do the research. It's fake. The world naturally heats and cools. This is for the rich to get richer. Scam
And even the man whom coined the phrase, the professor who taught Al Gore said it's not real to the extent some say it is. It's brainwashing
that we were told their was one coming, ice age going to freeze the earth, 38 yrs hum no snow yet
not sure which post you are replying to
So you believe he scientists when they cure illness, put man in space and improve every aspect of our lives, but not regarding climate?
You're the 2nd most hated man in DC...next to your president. I can see why! May you breathe in all that polluted air you create.
Campaign donations over daughters' future. Try explaining your priorities to them.
Not only are you the most disliked senator, you must also be the most disliked father. Sad.
You're okay with your daughters breathing polluted air and drinking dirty water, are you Ted?
How do you tell your daughters that you don't give a fig about their future?
Shameful for parents not to care about the future for their own children. Profit over love. Sad.
Despicable idiot.
In return, the US will become an isolationist nation. Very sickening and shameful.
I agree, Senator Cruz. Maybe use money saved for wall????
Why such a hurry to destroy the planet
You have got to be kidding, Ted!!
Do you really not care about your daughters at all? What kind of horrible father are you?
CO2 in Air is only .04% and man only contributes a tiny fraction of that. Human induced climate change is a farce. Withdraw please!
Shut up Jeff! Facts are stoopid! cnn told me its real! Because they said so and al gore said so. It must be true. Government never lies!
Drug test welfare recipients!!!
IQ test people who are still proclaiming MAGA
yes, your ignorance, bores me ad well. #SitDown
as*
I stand with Senator Ted zcruz
Does the Z before Cruz stand for Zodiac?
It's a bot. Republicans are running out of brainless supporters echoing their bs so they are rolling out the R-Bots. #oligarchy #trumprussia
America should be leading the fight against climate change. Exiting is bad for the planet, and our reputation as a world leader.
Duh yup sure the tv told me its true. Must be! Show us that one tooth!
I'm open to your analysis, pal. I'll wait right here.
Ted, you're a hell of a disgrace.
For a guy who got booed for not endorsing Trump, you have turned into quite the bootlicker.
There's green in going green.
You claim the accord will obliterate $3 trillion in GDP, but you're not seeing all the money making opportunities there are going green.
Paris Climate Change Agreement & Iranian Nuclear Deal are treaties Constitutionally required be ratified by the Senate. Put it up for a vote
This is a gift to the Chinese, ignorant, devastating to clean air, water. You are being paid off.
someone says jump off a bridge. you do it just because they told you to?  trump made lots of mostly bad promises. this is one of the worst.
@CNN yes he BETTER! Tired of changes to campaign promise. Get with Mr. President. Sen Cruz stay on it, CNN stay out of it
We the People want "OUT" it is a SCAM
Yes! It's looks as though he is going to do that as of today 5/31/17!! #MAGA #ParisAgreementSCAM
EXCELLENT IDEA
I agree. France has always exploited our wealth. They did it with the gold standard to manipulate our dollar. Now they want our tax dollars.
Speak with him Senator. I think that's why he didn't agree to it on his trip.
Ugh. No. Leave Texas.
Senator Cruz is right. The Paris Agreement is just another Ponzi scheme to redistribute American taxpayers $. Welfare for socialist Europe.
#ShameOnYouTedCruz You should be protecting our country, environment & childrens futures. You are out of touch with your constituents!
Agreed.
PLEASE DON'T allow OUR history to be tore down by radical groups ANTIFA,BLM. SAM HOUSTON IS TX.HERO!! COME TAKE IT!
Why would you say that?
Let's make America covfefe again.
Evil man in a suit. You really are the devil.
Yes, agree! @POTUS @FoxNews @seanhannity
you are smart enough to know and understand the data but you lie to stay in 45s good graces
Why would you hope this? Are ya suicidal and have decided to take all Americans with you?? #Resist
Short sighted people who work only for their individual interests do not fulfill their role in God's world.
Apologize to PRESIDENT TRUMP for your lies during campaign and conveniention.
UnTrustTed.
tED YOU need this 

http://www.officialelectioncoin.com 
Why? Because the environment doesn't matter when you are from hell?
Agree
Thanks for standing with us @SenTedCruz Texas is proud of you!

.@tedcruz keep beating that drum Teddy. We'll aid to the growing list of things you fail to accomplish.
Anything starts with Paris is a disaster. Trump knows it. Believe him.
#Complicit
Nobody who sent u to the senate gives a shit if you think you can delay and not hold McConnell accountable and use the nuclear option.g bye
Agree
Is Cruz crazy too?
With senators like you who needs enemies. Destroying us from the inside!
Democrats have already done that
Agree
You mean the one saying "we agree noy to deliberately poison the air, kill our planet, and destroy our children's lungs"? That agreement?
How are all those coal jobs coming?
How about withdrawing @SenJohnMcCain from trying to sabotage @realDonaldTrump . @McConnellPress  Is there no discipline in Senate
Agreed!
Lmfao
You guy s don't even know what's in it .
Good and tough leader! Made huge mistake at convention. Avoid all pitfalls onwards. You will be POTUS at age 60 and serve 2 terms.
Agree
#USAb4party. #noplanetB #doyoueverlisten?
I agree
Si, si, si, si, si!!!!!!
I hope you take the opportunity before you to withdraw your head from the sand on climate change.
Me to there is no global warming only God can make changes
Because we wouldn't we want to screw over future generations whenever we can? 
What exactly is it in the Paris agreement that you disagree with Sen Cruz?
How about the redistribution of U.S tax dollars to countries that have yet to give scientific evidence of what is causing global warming?
You still support denying fact and the inevitable reality of the environment...at least you are consistent...and WRONG!
I too hope we get out of this deal.  It's not the USA but the polluters who need to clean up their countries.  Ck who wears masks routinely
Even some oil companies don't want this. Stand for Texans, not your party line.
Explain your position on clean air & water to the people of Flint Mich
Thank you
I and many like me agree with you, @SenTedCruz
Mr. Cruz is Paris agreement a treaty or a sole executive agreement? If a treaty shouldn't b submitted to senate ?
Yes!
Congress needs to step up and put provisions in place so a president can't unilaterally get us in this mess in the first place.
What is wrong with you?
A better question would be- What is right with him ? NOTHING
Withdraw from Paris Climate Treaty now!

Yes, it's always good when the US doesn't honor its word.
NO. YOU ARE WRONG!
I hope the international community sanctions the US if they do.
Good luck selling inferior polluting products to the rest of the world.
Yes, why should the promise from America have value, honor? If we rescind Paris Accord we are liars. Have Texans become welchers?
We've become users not producers! That's 3rd World mentality! Build/buy here, put citizens to work & stop importing workers/welfare users!
I hope POTUS will decide to pay our = amount to UN/NATO not making tax-payers enable world to reap benefits without contributing their share
You idiot?   Why??   You support oil profits  over the wellbeing of our entire planet.  #fakesenator
Why hope, SENATOR, have you talked to Him? Be a leader,Senator.
You suck!  Plain & simple
I hope the Republican's in the Senate will get behind POTUS!
Germany is now the Leader of the free world. Trump is making Russia Great Again
I hope @SenTedCruz will take the opportunity before him to withdraw from the US Senate if he doesn't care about carbon emissions
#BetonBeto Texas will be electing a representative who GETS it. As the rest of the world does- climate change IS REAL. @BetoORourke
What do you really know relay facts not your small pee brain suggestions
Keep putting party over country and see how fast Texas turns bright blue your time is up. You and your party all voted out
@CNN Yes, I agree! Get us out of Paris climate agreement
Only if Russia says it's OK.
Fuck you Ted.
Ha ha another chance to block
HE WILL!
Please visit http://www.republicen.org  for facts on climate change and conservative approach to address it.
Amen!
Please withdraw from Paris ans Iranian Nuclear deals
why tho
You're complicit in a Steve Bannon deconstruction movement. Not paying attention to Earth is what America stands for.
I completely agree.  Paris Climate deal is a US job killer.
Yes, let's not worry about the environment - our kids can clean up the mess
U NEED TO UNDERSTAND OBAMA,CLINTON,COMEY.BRENNAN,CLAPPER,SCHULTZ,&PODESTA R ALL INVOLVED IN MURDER OF SETH RICH &THE RUSSIA LIE 2 COVER ITUP
Amen! Trump needs to stand up to the establishment climate change kooks. Just another government scam. Will these loons ever go home? DTS!
You are again on the wrong side of history. Majority of US desires legislation to protect environment. Listen to your constituents.
You are on the wrong side of addition. People that believe the media believe global climate change. Not people with cognitive ability
Tell me again where those people with cognitive ability get there enlightened position? #ShowMeData
I hope that POTUS will take this opportunity to make fun of your wife again.
Yes all us non gullible folks hope the same thing. It's a power play and money grab. They can privately fund their own nonsense
Yes we need too
Ted said it .  must be terrible. 2018 elections can't come quickly enough.
One positive from this stance...@SenTedCruz is giving his future opponent lots to stand on!
Nonsense
Who benefits from that? Not Americans! Only big corporations. We must preserve and protect the environment over big corporations bottom line
He should renegotiate and get it appd as treaty thru congress as it should have been in the first place.
RT!
@JohnCornyn Looking forward to 2018 to get reprobate "money whore" GOP politicians kicked out office.
Criminal Idiot - I can't wait for intelligence to take over America Again!!!
Yeah, your party hasn't really be too fond of science. If it's not in the Bible then you don't believe it. You're a disgrace.
This would be yet another example of us willfully giving up leadership in the world. Sad!
And we hope you withdraw your senate seat
