Do donkeys fly? I don't think so. Good luck with the children in the WH nursery.
I bet Ted Cruz is a little skeptical he's too busy watching p***.
You can't Make America Great Again by doing nothing!!! Mr. Prez is making it happen however he can!!!
That's not what he campaigned on though
You mean he didn't campaign on kumbaya with Chucky and Nancy.  Lmao
RT @realDonaldTrump #ACA is a Trojan Horse to destroy the #USA It's a National Security Risk which gives you the power to dismantle it w/EOs
I bet he can hardly wait for November 2018
Democrats never keep their promises, please don't trust them.  Get what we want first then they can have something.
Proves some of y'all really r despicable & here I am still donating to get ur butt out of a sling after Harvey. Maybe donate to LGBT instead
I agree with you Senator Cruz
Get rid of the 60 vote rules!   Why should the minority control the Senate?
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @VP @GoP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @cnn
Cruz your right
Nope.  If we aren't there physically, we are donating $$$ because that's what we do.  U know what?  We don't care what ur political lean is.
The American people don't care how it gets done or who does it!!! We just want it done!!! Get something done any way possible!!!
That makes 2 of us....They tried to rip his throat out before, have they apologized or repented of their snotty, childish behavior?Good luck
Remember Angel Moms!!! HR033 & HR034 BEFORE DACA!!! @POTUS @VP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Masterful understatement.
Maybe we do have intelligent patriotic Democrats in Congress...we shall see.
Me too
I am too don't trust them
@FairTaxOfficial has bipartisan support.
How could Fox News even interview Cruz and why hasn't he been arrested for viewing porn with his underage daughters? Career over Cruz
Lee Smith is a liar.
I'm a LOT of skeptical
If we have democrats and that's a BIG "IF" what are their intentions is the question, they never give without expecting repayment
Many Democrats & other liberals have assisted u - if not in person, then donating to relief efforts.  Please don't diss us.
I too am a bit skeptical!  He had no choice.  It was worth a try.
Well you are not doing a good job.  Have not able to get any done...so he went the democrats who he knows well.
More than a little skepticism is warranted.
Better fact check this. May be #staffer portrayed as @tedcruz.
Well, then do something as Republicans!  You have stalled his agenda & then gripe cause he is going another direction?
I'd be as wel
Go rub your Cruz Missile to some Twitter porn!  (You can always blame an "aide" if you accidentally hit the like button) 
I thought the majority Republicans were supposed to be able to get things done. Oh, I forgot, they're loaded with Republicrats as well!
You don't even have Republicans that will help you.
It would sound a whole lot better if you were offering to help democrats. Isn't that the Christian way. Service to others.
we are with you ted, but he is making a move to try and include them, so lets hope it works. so glad you stand with our president now
Look no further than @TomPerez. He is as off he rocker with rage as any liberal could be
It's nice to see that ted Cruz can take time away from his porn watching to work
They might help you but they won't shake your hand 
Why should DEMS care?
Porn. 
It's about the credibility of the GOP, who hasn't got their act together.
They need to stop being obstructionists and work with our President
Fappin ted
When you doing the wrong things you don't received to much help.!!
Ted run in 2020 we need you, you were my first choice, we be lied to again by Mr Trump
Just a little. You should be a lot skeptical.  You were a part of the original resistance.  Paranoia does that.
If you were doing your sworn duty The Dem's wouldn't be needed next election they will have jobs You Fake rep's will be on your ass's g
@MariaBartiromo Good afternoon! Great job on @FoxBusiness & social media. Prayers you & your family have a wonderful & safe day...God bless
I'm skeptical that the GOP can even agree what day of the week it is.
senator cruz is making an effort to support our president, don't put him done.
What does @SenTedCruz think about #killthefilibuster? Pls ask this guy some meaningful ques.
Democrats must not be negotiated with.
keep your hands above the desk dude, just sayin'
According to your Twitter likes you can handle it all by yourself
Another con man
Me too, since repubs can't even agree on anything.
Do not trust the democrat SNAKES !!!!!
Will non-Koch politicians help pass a Koch agenda? Good question! Why would they?
I've got to 'hand' it to you Tugger.
So, now Teddy wants to play with others.
, if REPs won't help with his agenda, then DEMs may have to, but don't give away everything, remember art of the deal, build the wall
You’re Thor? I’m tho Thor I can hardly...
Ted, maybe there's a video on getting "extra" help ...next time on Twitter look up "three some" @SenTedCruz  @tedcruz
Why is Cruz speaking, he's opposed to everything that would enable American's to progress, he's for the cruz, a Mercer & Goldman Sachs man
Hostile Republicans that are self serving & controlled by special interests R forcing the president to make bipartisan deals
You also hit the wrong button while watching a porno. So, that happened.
I got Brazzer's passwords if you want Me. Senator.
Crap. Mr. Senator. Fuck, I ruined a sick burn.
YES
Work with any Democrats that will work with you.  Sen. Johnny Isakson (R-GA) is a model for working across the aisle.
He said it was an honest mistake about the porn site but bashed Trump for locker room talk
It's going to happen no matter what hypocrite Teddy thinks so he might as well spin it.
Don't turn your back Ted.
Just like we are skeptical ole Teddy wasn't beating off to that porn video he liked.
@realDonaldTrump China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy.
I assume FOX Business pointed out this is incorrect right?
Hey it is the PORN GUY WAY COOL
@tedcruz unseal your records so we know what you are hiding. Maybe we can trust you after you reveal them. But until them you are nothing.
Democrats constantly try to work across the aisle. It's been the GOP that refuses to do so for the last 6 years.
Keep fighting Cruz, get your staffers off porn and start dragging the GOP to the objectives we voted for!
And probably a little tender "down there".
It's called a deal! Watch & learn from @POTUS
It's about a deal that's already in the works TED. So be positive and not skeptical or definitely non-obstructing! #MAGA
Shut up and fall in line, Teddy.
dear stupid people, can't u c what the trumpster is doing, making friends so that they don't impeach his ass.
....be totally skeptical....   to the point that don't trust a letter, not to mention a word, of what they say...
People who cheat always most worried they are being cheated on-Rs for 8 years did not offer any help to Obama know they don't deserve D help
did you mean out cum????
Sad for him the Democratic party isn't likely to side with lobbyists and corporations AGAINST the best interests of the people like GOP does
Good diversion from your vote for AUMF funding and skirt Congress's constitutional responsibility when it comes to war. U've lost my support
Help you with what? Getting free access to paid porn sites?
Responsible tax reform is fine.  Republicans need to drop their debt inducing tax breaks for the rich and the snide condescension.
I'm a lot skeptical!!!
Don't you have a porno to watch??
He finished already... The other one is still downloading...
Trump is shining a spotlight on who is a member of the swamp.
Good to see no one sunk so low to bring up Ted Cruz's Twitter Porn addiction. #MAGA #GOP #CruzCrew
Go back to watching porn Ted, nobody wants to hear about your policy ideas. #LyinTed #CuckCruz
I hope your skepticism is rooted in reality. I favor absolutely NO COMPROMISE with the fascist GOP. Now go back to surfing twitter porn.
What did you expect, GOP won't work with the Pres. Trump @realDonaldTrump.  Pres. Trump is negotiating the deal.  GOP is worthless.
Bad deal for us good 4 illegals and government dependents
#censure #CensureTrump  #HR496
This was quite a segment from @CNN that will be shared far and wide 
9M US citizens abroad VERY skeptical. USG KNOWS harming US competitiveness in global econ w/ citizen tax & #FATCA but do NOTHING! #TaxReform
Donald Trump is the best man for job of pulling America together.
That's why he's managed to pass no substantial reforms in 9 months...
And he's breaking new ground in historic unpopularity.
Some republicans that are willing to help would be nice also.
The Far Right Nut Jobs forget Reagan and Tip O'Neil were frenemies  who got legislation done. Both sides have to work together.
If the fricking RINO's wld support @POTUS as stated during his campaign,we wouldn't b having this conversation or uncertainty about the WALL
You are callingTed Cruz a RINO - funniest post of the day 
51-49 on Tax's ,Trump would be Toast ,got to have Bipartisanship on that Big of Issue 
We all should be alot skeptical Ted. The one thing we know is the Democrats are less than trustworthy #Pelosi #Schumer
Who's lying? "Lying Ted"
I believe that Democrats will find the answer to their problems in the next election. Hopefully none of them will be reelected.
Seems like the Dems are the ones being practical right now, while the GOP (above) are out running down the Dems and each other's - hmmm
Just name 2 things the Dems have done 4 the people. They obstruct n accomplishe nothing positive 4 ppl. They tax us to hell
Civil Rights, Labor laws, FDIC, PPACA, Public Universities, environmental laws, Food Safety , Social Security, Family leave, EEIC
U have it all backwards if u know ur history.
A true conservative I have no doubts about what so ever.
Would you like that?
Do grow up.  You know it was a hack job.

