I was stuck in New Orleans after Katrina and live in Texas I assure you it's much different. Different administrations making a difference
what do you mean? Bush vs trump?
No, of course he means Obama and Trump.
I can't believe this is real. I thought the memes making fun of ppl who blame Obama for Katrina were a joke.  People really blame him!  Wow.
 Obama is to blame for not being President sooner!  Couldn't agree more with that sentiment.
And, longer.  Clearly negligent for not being President longer.  And I, for one, am pissed about it.
God bless the USA!  America at it's best'
And our asshole president thinks we need to MAGA. We've always been and still are great.
I think I want to move there.  Awesome people!!
So proud of my hometown! #HoustonStrong
Awesome
God bless those who serve on behalf of others.May all have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
Humanity at its best, love and compassion for all.  May God bless these wonderful people 
God bless Texas
America has always been great , MAGA
This is beautiful. 
I will pray!
Wow! Great to see so many people volunteering in th community during this difficult time !
Did U see lines like these in PR to "VOLUNTEER"
Population
2.303 Mil (2016) Houston
3.411 Mil (2016) Puerto Rico
2010 - W: 75.8% NW: 24.2%
This is not a Racist analysis.
2010 shows: Whites: 75.8%
2010 shows: Non White: 24.2%
Puerto Rico is rife with Corruption.
"Puerto Rico's ...debt load - totaling $73 billion - forced the island to file in May for the biggest U.S. municipal bankruptcy in history".
Hence: "President Trump pointed out Puerto Rico's "massive debt" problems on Monday. Sep 27, 2017." Who in PR isn't corrupt?
Who owns Puerto Rico's mountain of debt? You do - Sep. 27, 2017
So FEMA is hiring for $2k a week and those people are there to volunteer for free? 
This is Houston. Wanna know what this line is for?  Food?  Water?  Housing?  Nope.  These people are waiting in line TO VOLUNTEER. #Harvey 
Home of the brave
Caring ppl SAVING LIVES! True heroes! Bless them
America is:
"THE HOME OF THE BRAVE!

(I donated 2 Salvation Army. We  r UNITED 2help!
And no trump or family.  They hav no clue or feeling for someone suffering unless it a broken stelitto!
AMAZING!
Hey Mr. Berry, what was that hot dog vendor’s name
Awesome
This warms my heart. Too far away to volunteer so I've just been donating.
YEP!
Back in August????????????????????????
make us remember what's truly important; We are all human, we need the same things to survive. Class,color and religion it does not matter!
That's Texas!
O aS born in corpus Christi 1965 lots of family still there now.
I was born there in '71
On base. Most of my family was born in corpus Christi Texas I was born on base. 1965.
Houston Strong!!!!
And this is why the @astros won the #WorldSeries. We have heart, we have passion, and we have love for each other. #HoustonStrong
Think ya could hook me up with Ms. Liquor?
#TexasStrong
Dang! Refreshing to hear GOOD POSITIVE NEWS. Thanks for bringing the word and good for Houston!
Michael, Michael, you can't come off a rant about Hollywood sex perverts and go straight into a commercial with, "Harvey might have hit you, but you're not going to let the next one get you"
Awesome. Bless them
Best snowcone place in the Heights is called ma’ams
#TexasStrong!!
You won't see this photo in newspapers or most news media. Shameful that they only put on negative news!
There is constant coverage of volunteers and what they are doing.  Give the war against our free press a break.
I was wondering if volunteering to help people navigate their FEMA  paperwork is a thing. Gov paperwork = tedious frustration.
Yes! Help will be needed especially for the elderly.
Yes!! They will need to itemize all that is ruined. Lots of details. Time consuming.
It's very hard to concentrate when you're whole life has fallen apart.  Many people will need help with paperwork.
of course. Someone said there are folks helping with paperwork at the shelters
My parents lost a lot (almost all their furniture) but aren't in a shelter. There isn't anyone to help them.
Sure there is...we have been helping all those that had homes flooded but still in them in our neighborhood.
To help them with their paperwork..
Good to see all the alt left/antifa/feminists/communists happy to volun..... oh wait
God bless all of those who give their time and money. 
America We all are so proud of you
Where is this located ?
Yes!! This is my town & my state! So proud to be a Houstonian!
Awesome!
I bet there are dreamers in that line.
Amazing! #TexasProud  #texasstrong
 America, America God shed his light on these 
Bless them!!!
Immediate tears when I read your last sentence. I'm an Ohio girl but this makes me so proud of TX and my smile.

Remarkable display of caring

Beautiful sight!
They do make America Great
You can thank MSM and social media for this
What a good thing. This is love. 
TEXAS ALWAYS LEADS !!!
God bless Texas!
Love it!
En España apuesto a q esa fila se formaría para solicitar las indemnizaciones, hasta con ciudadanos venidos de comarcas no devastadas! Fijo!
Incredible
Yaaass! #Proud
Whoa that actually gave me goosebumps that is so cool
Awesome!!
Awesomeness!
This is what make America great, his people! Not hate, not bigotry, certenly not racism..
God bless you!!!  for Texas
Amazing! #HoustonStrong
 
Volunteer when and as I can.
THAT'S JUST GREAT !!!
I love Texas and it's incredible citizens
This is my America, bless all of you
"To Volunteer" @sunandavashisht
Isn't that so good..
This quite possibly is the only line that makes my heart smile!
This is what America is to me. When the world thinks the worst America steps up and shows everyone the Greatness of the People 
God bless them and give them strength. #HOUSTONSTRONG #HOUSTONUNITED SEMPER FI. #REALHEROS
Amazing strength of people! They show the world we're not divided but most definitely united. God bless them all. #TexasStrong
This is what makes America  great!
Omg what evil white people I see.
Imagine what we can achieve together out of Washington. Maybe we need to dissolve the congress and send the decisions back to the states!!
Amen
This is humility, gratitude, and compassion. Unfortunately, some like Glen Beck feel this will lead to communism.
So proud of our peeps. Had to evac the kids so Jessica could stay to report, but all my buds are doing material good. Some bought boats.
This is so inspiring that so many people want to help when many of them do not know what has happened to their homes.
Back bone of America !!!! USA
EXACTLY. I'm gonna keep beating this Houston drum because this city has a heart as big as the whole State. She won't forget who helped her.
and this will get very little publicity but if it was a protest, there would news cameras every where. #prioritiesppl
Couldn't have said it better...
I trust the word of the volunteers themselves via the social websites than I do from the accounts of mass media or political advocacies.
Most of the ones in 45 favor are bots.
What does this even mean?
Think it means you're nothing but a Democrat aka satans little helper?
This is hilarious because not only is it insanely stupid it also apparently took you two whole minutes to come up with.
Our family mbr in Houston - She survived storm alone, tho scary- volunteering at Houston Food Bank today
Our republic will survive because there are virtuous people like this!
That's America!!! Not this propaganda CNN shows
World has hope this is amazing in tragedy ,,,..
Out in California
Because that's how us Texans roll.
#CannesLions Asistentes se acreditan para la jornada "Aprendizaje Cannes Lions, experiencia 2017"
Wait is that @JoelOsteen waiting in line?
JK
JO is no JC.
Fargo was like that in 2009 flood. Schools let out for students to sandbag. Churches.  Businesses closed to help. 500,000 sandbags made
#HoustonStrong

she's so hip lmao
This has nothing to do with Trump! Houstonians did the same for Katrina victims! I was there.
There is love and kindness in our world
And I bet my head that, at least half of these great people, are Latinos, yes, the people fucking @POTUS is trying to get rid of. All united
@NoraWaltz GOD BLESS THE PPL WHO GIVE OF SELF IN TIMES OF NEED. FOR FREE, FOR LOVE N DECENCYS SAKE
What about the smaller counties? On the gulf?
See you at TC's!!
Bet they aren't checking green cards either. Peop are people and #LoveTrumpsHate
Texans seem to have a healthy attitude to community
Oh this is absolutely nice..... Big ups good people
This makes me very happy. 
And you got retweeted by @JusticeWillett, so you're basically Twitter royalty now.
I am awestruck by peoples generosity of time, talent and self.
#HoustonProud
God bless Texas 
This is the epitome of a "teachable moment" #HoustonStrong #houstonproud
Texans know how to get the job done
I wish I could  this a thousand times!
God Bless Texas
GOD BLESS TEXAS
This is so great this makes me love America The last 6 months have been so devastating And Hard having no leadership It's great to see
Or Trump go to Corpus Christi & talk to victims clean up trash pick up branches anything to actually do something and notjust Make promises
Do you even live in Texas?
No but my dad brother & aunts do.at least 10 family members &lots of friends why?
Awesome! Put this in your magazine, @Charlie_Hebdo_ !
@RealJamesWoods This is TEXAS

Muslim so called #Rohingya terrorists are continue set on fire the ethnic villages and targeting civilians and calling for Jihad to Rakhine. 
Thanks for share !! this is what makes GREAT USA!!! this and only this
Perhaps all those Wankers protesting & rioting could put all their spare time to better use and take a leaf out of these hero's books 
Where are all the fake news liberal medias?
I'm donating $100 today to a Hurricane Harvey Relief Fund and @RedCross. WE have to "do what has to be done".  USA  FOREVER.
Anyone know of volunteer groups organizing to fly out in California Bay Area?
America
Thought the point was about the resolve of humans to pitch in and to help one another
Who cares about Pres Versus Pres
It takes a village
Here's the America that I love!!!
Americans at its best!!! 
Would love to be there.  No hope of getting my shifts covered though. Praying every day.
True America!!
Ever state in this country is true America
Exactly!!
The FCC can revoke network licenses and put a stop to fake news. Will they?
Big Americans
I cannot LOVE this enough My heart...right here.
Houstonians are Awesome & Inspiring
#beautifulnews #beaumont #Houston
Better than ANY govt could organize shame on govt inaction #peoplepower could save this planet & animals
lyk seriously. u dont mean it. i thought we said the whites are not caring & loving people amongst themselves that Africans are more.
Damn 
Humanity exists
More True Americans! Go to hell FAKE NEWS!  America doesn't buy your BS any longer! Americans come together and help WILLINGLY happily!
Not fake. Talked to friend there. Stood in line for six hours. People had to be asked to leave.
Really impressed by Texas @celticamps
Proof government is bloated and unnecessary.
"This is who we are' Thanks Obama
All amazing god bless all
Thanks for this. Way to murica. This is what you are about.  Be safe.
God Bless them. I am pretty sure I also saw Melania in her 4" high heels and designer jacket in that line. Is that true?
Hoe kun je niet meer in de goedheid geloven als je dit ziet
Wanna know what these people vote? These very dumb and evil people, according to #nieuwsuur #dwdd #pauw etc.. ?
This is America!Not the divided lot the #media wants us to think we are for their own political agendas @CNN  @FoxNews @maddow @seanhannity
Lovely
This makes my heart sing!
Mr President how about mentioning that in your speeches.
Admirable. Last thing Houstonians need now is standing in line. @QLess will donate mobile queueing. Know whom to contact?

Wish I could be there to help them with paperwork & stuff. I dealt with paperwork during my entire career. Know I'd be an asset but stuck
here in WA state. I know, I know, send money..that will help. But I want to do hands on. Will just hv to pray 4 volunteers & Texans.
Outstanding!
Inspiring... For love of neighbor! #blessings #HurricaneHarvey #GodBlessTexas
This shows the true hearts of Texans we don't whine or complain we get to work!!
So awesome !!!!!!!
We have our faults but this country is still the most generous in the world.
America is so much greater than it's elected leaders!
Correction Texas voted Trump, just so you know
Wow!! Humanity is so Awesome. Thank You Jesus
God Bless all
Amazing
There is a reddit post from a former is adjuster detailing hoe to file claim. If there is interest I will post details
I just went thru the Yosemite fire where my whole town was evacuated. I had 20 min notice. I experienced the best in human kindness.
Praiseworthy
If this line would also have voted FOR the Paris Climate Agreement... ...
Do they not send the army in for this sorta thing?  It's great that people are doing it on their own.
The Army National Guard is there too! #ArmyStrong #TexasStrong
Way to go! #Houston!  #HoustonStrong Love the way people from all over are coming together to help during this time.
This is the real America!
So nice to see you saying something good instead of your lies.
This is Houston, this is Texas
Volunteers for what..
#TEXASSTRONG
This...is America!
Anyone wanting to volunteer our neighborhood was devastated. Westbury. Lattimer Dr @ Luddington
BRAVO
Tough. Resilient. Can-do spirit. Self reliant. God fearing. Caring. Sharing. Help your neighbor. Help a stranger. #Texans #Harvey won't win.
deep impressed
Funny... didn't see any #blm #antifa or #resist shirts on them good people . Interesting 
The best of humanity in the worst of times....
Blessed be the helpers
Safety, courage, and strength to Texas
#HoustonStrong #HoustonProud
