Ted Cruz is awesome and jealousy is all that keeps the other senators from supporting this!!!
Ya'll are hung up on 7 years ago when your base wanted to repeal ACA. 7 years later, people want to keep it. Even your constituents. Keep up
Everyone in Texas has experienced a major increase in premiums and deductibles. ACA isn't family friendly!
Blame @SenTedCruz @GregAbbott_TX & the rest of the Republican politicians. Its succeeding in Texas because they don't want it to succeed.
@FoxNews repeating this BS doesn't make it true. Maybe we should replace #LyingTed with #DyingTed in honor of your fancy new #CruzDeathPanel
Repeal!GET rid of all of the taxes, penalties, and mandates!free up the markets w/more choices,freedom, &more affordable health insurance.
It will not. Its junk insurance. Why can't you just do what the majority of people want, affordable health care for all
Please read the story of the patient I took care of and consider carefully why you want to repeal #ACA 1/2
2. Have a bipartisan group, include women, and write a healthcare that is best for all Americans and look at tax reform later.
We are in the majority now. There is no sensible reason to do this. IMPROVE IT. DON'T DESTROY IT.

NOVEMBER 2018.
If true, why delay. Make it happen.

Ocare=NoCare=barely covers appts+tests=Pushes Opiods+DNRs
Denies Needed Surgeries & Life Saving Treatments
HMOs R Way2Go ! Govt pd premiums!
The companies that actually write insurance policies disagree. Reality disagrees.  PLEASE stop doing things.  Any things. Just quit.
Yes Ted, because the insurance plans allowed provide inadequate coverage.
Total bullshit.  This is paying premiums to have an insurance policy that covers nothing.  But you will be "covered"
LIAR.
It's the consumer freedom part that irks the RINO Senators!
.. love you Ted, but these bills are not REPEAL and all are unconstitutional. Free markets are the right solution.
Such BS, let's put all govt employees including Congress in the same medical program...then vote....
Yeah but what about your buddy @SenMikeLee??? Who's gonna pull the cob outta his butt and relieve his constipation about all this?
Have you earned massive gains through investments in health care leading up to and post aca implementation?
Tell me True what good did it do to vote Repub.. Repeal was all we asked....and NOTHING
So get it done. We the People put you in power in House, Senate & White House to advance  #TrumpAgenda #MAGA
Will increase healthcare coverage because FREE MARKET would rule--Ret Econ Prof 32 yrs
How much did you pay them for the shining report?? HHS is controlled by trump, I'm not buying it
Sir: I never would have thought you would have allowed the government to take our guns away! DOJ says you have!
skewed info. do not agree w/ur analysis bc HHS is not bipartisan

.@SenTedCruz: We came from that meeting with a renewed commitment. Failure is not an option. For 7 years Republicans have promised repeal. 
30 million lose insurance with your plan. How many of those people get to die? Is that in your god's plan? That you decide they die? #amoral
what is the result of the CBO study? do they agree? which benefits are lost under freedom amendment? who will supply those benefits?
When you spread obvious untruths, you don't convince us of anything other than you are an untrustworthy liar. Stop trying to kill the poor.
Get McConnell out of the way of conservative agenda!
Please read the story of the patient I took care of and consider carefully why you want to repeal #ACA 2/2
1. Just passing a bill that doesn't give Americans the coverage they need at a fair price for premiums and paying for healthcare is FAILURE.
Every other analysis says that it will be much much worse for people. Keep talking to Trump State Media. No credibility.
Sure, if u don't mind crappy coverage & don't get cancer.  Lifetime caps will be reinstated so one year of treatment is all u get then SOL
Keep your promises for the sake of the American people who need the health Care coverage.
It's like saying General Motors was polled and 100% agree GM makes the best most affordable vehicles! Kinda like calling mom!
Don't  believe  any of you. You had 7 years. Give it up
You are a menace to society.
Best first step - mandate legitimate transparent pricing, outlined in 1st bullet pt in this article: https://market-ticker.org/akcs-www?post=231949 … @BretBaier
Good discussion on Heaney show!
HHS run by Tom Price appointed by DJT, who wants to kick millions off healthcare 'found' that Cruz amendment is wonderful. SURPRISE SURPRISE
no bias there right Ted, WRONG @indtx36 @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible @texasdemocrats @JCDEMSTX @indivisibleATX
How about the CBO, ted
Repeal, repeal REPEAL
Lower premiums=less coverage=sick people #NotAHealthCareSolution
Liar liar pants on fire
You are a Failure and a Coward. #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Bullllllllshiiiiiiiiiiit
Then do something to get it passed
By falsely comparing the amendment in the framework of Obamacare not the BCRA.  Tell the truth...
Please HHS is partisan why don't you have CBO score your amendment.
As ordered.  How about the CBO?
Lies kill democracy, and they'll send you straight to hell, unless you repent, Senator.   Repent now, publicly
1st,Tom Price has no credibility as he heavily invests in pharm & medical companies. 2nd,it incl. a huge increase in deductible #CruzLies
I prefer to believe CBO than Tom Price's partisan hacks. #FakeNews
Price picked the CBO guy.
I never saw so many pathological liars in one government . So sad that these people are supposed to be representing all Americans
Nobody believes your bullshit. Your "Consumer Freedom" amendment is nothing more than sub-prime insurance.
Which insurance companies does inside trader Price recommend because they will market their sham policies best?
You lie.
We wonder about a man who would allow Trump to insult his father and then turn to lick his shoe used to kick him in the butt. Trump care?
YES AND THANK YOU
Yes, premiums will be cheaper for a policy that has no coverage.  You pay for a hospital I.D. so they know where to send the bills.
Under the assumptions section in the HHS report: Non-ACA plans have $12K deductibles and $12K OOP max.
The COB and reality disagree
I'll file that with Trumps voter fraud recommendations. Thanks.
