#FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom Honor the SEVEN year promise of REPEAL. Government doesn't need to be in the healthcare business
Ted, you are our champion!  #REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! #UnitedforFreedom!  NO compromise!
Federal gov't has no power to provide goods & services to some at expense of others.
#Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
There is NOTHING in the Trumpcare bill that lowers prices.  CBO said so.
#FULLREPEAL #UNITEDFORFREEDOM Get Government out of our healthcare.
You mean fake affordable, yes?
IF YOU THINK THAT CRAP THE U S HOUSE CALLS HEALTHCARE, I'D HAVE TO CONCLUDE YOU CHEATED YOUR ASS OFF IN COLLEGE!
Hold them accountable Ted and do not back down. We are counting on you for a #FullRepeal. #UnitedForFreedom
#Fullrepeal. We do not need crony capitalism in healthcare.
#FullRepeal on socialized healthcare. No replacement. #KeepThePromise #UnitedForFreedom
Yeah, under the rule of President Trump . 
The promise was not more affordable, it was full repeal! Remember you are a man of your word!
Do you not read before you run mouth. Reps are ruining what we fought for, they are trying to screw all of us. Stop drinking kool-aid stupid
Keep your promise Ted! #REPEALObamacare completely as PROMISED! #UnitedforFreedom! NO socialized medicine!
Just read this
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/may/10/health-insurers-say-rate-hikes-are-likely-under-tr/ …
Cuz we want INTERSTATE TRADE: only 51 votes b/c Commerce Clause already exists. @SenMikeLee @RandPaul
Common sense tells you, you only have to look to history to see socialized anything has drastically failed. Trash Trumpcare Obamacare.
Cruz  could care less about the people who will lose their insurance.
Your free-market solutions are what we need. Stand strong for #FullRepeal!
The only think you care about is the 1%

Mailbox full at all offices. TXn leaving vm later...for now STOP Trumpcare, keep Title 2 for ISP, and rep TX cit not ur wallet. TX is done.
Democrats don't give a **** about Americans health. They just want to bring in socialism and controlling healthcare is the first step.
Are older people gonna have to pay more.
I live on ssi 811.00 a month retired
Let's pass this bill 
@tedcruz Hospitals & medical services have absorbed insurance "deals" before ACA. Work for ALL constituents NOT a party w/ @realDonaldTrump.
Conservatives should follow and support the ideas of Cruz, Paul, and Lee regarding Repeal of ObamaNoCare.  POTUS must work w/ them.
Insurance may be cause of all problems. Dr need it, which drives up costs, then ppl need it to afford doctors. Its madness
Thank you for supporting the new Healthcare Bill &supporting #POTUS  Rebublicans must have a unified front. This will beniefit all Americans
#iamapreexistingcondition Listen to your constituents. Why must women's health issues be pre-existing conditions? #voteyouout
Please talk to DRS!!! Crucial! DIRECT CARE. -> @AtlasMD Please! No more bureaucratic HC we can't afford. Talk Hannity about it. Innovate! TY
IF U CAN LOOK INTO YOUR KIDS' EYES & say you did right by them.....#IAmAPreexistingCondition
Of course that means you have to actually offer care, not take it away.
Since when did R's run on making it one affordable? #FullRepeal #KeepThePromise
We learned today that R promises are meaningless. Including Cruz' promise to repeal.
As long as we still think we can achieve virtue through violence, aka the state, the enslavement will continue. Voting=slave suggestion box.
While you're at it, please remove the exemption for politicians. If the People are subject to these wonderful rules, you guys better be, too
This healthcare bill is actually pretty good it's going to drastically reduce costs for the hard working middle class.
Sorry Ted, can't make it more affordable and give away free stuff.
Sen Cruz is working with President Trump to make things better for this nation unlike socialist Berne Sanders who only hinders our president
How affordable is it going to be for those of us with preexisting conditions?  Sounds like you threw us under the bus today!
Good, another GOP memo to wipe my ass with.
Must deliver on your promise to #FULLREPEAL #Obamacare!
YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO AMERICAN PEOPLE.
@TheGoodGuy2017 based #cruzmissile
YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO AMERICAN PEOPLE. You will be voted out
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz Vote for this shit of a bill and this will be all of Texas next election...
Bull crap do it right or not at all we don't give a crap about trumps first 100 play days.
I thought I would give Trump the benefit of the doubt. Now it's just doubt if he doesn't veto this bill. Hopefully the Senate will veto it.
I hope you can improve on this bill and get it passed quickly! I trust your judgement! THANK YOU.
They needed to tweet Obama care, not make being a woman a non covered Pre existing condition.  They did not clean up anything
This bill must be passed my wife needs insurance bad. Obamacare priced her out this year needs surgery.
Do NOT repeal Obamacare to 'replace' it with 'trumpcare' your constituents are watching!
Ted, We don't belong in the healthcare arena; it's not a true conservative stance to have the government fund healthcare.
I question this.  As a conservative, I'm actually leaning toward Universal Healthcare. I want the for profit insurance companies out of it.
Nice that you exempted yourself from it. Does that mean your care is better & you're too good to have the same plan as the average American?
Everybody who wants insurance can afford it?
That's not the govt job #govtistheproblem
You vote for that POS bill and I will help vite you out of office# VoteTedOut
What happened to repealing every syllable of every word? Lyin' Ted! #FullRepeal!
pretty sure Ted would love to do that. In case you didn't notice, a lot of republicans are RINOs
I didn't think Sen Cruz could work with anyone
This bill sucks and is more of the same big govt thing.
bad move butthead
Here's an idea: get govt out of the healthcare/insurance business altogether! Take measures to help very needy and LEAVE ME & MY HC ALONE!
Yep! They campaigned on REPEAL! Then changed 2 repeal & replace, added repair in.
All they're doing is permanently ensuring another govt entitlement! Which I THOUGHT they were against; big bloated govt. 
Yep! Welfare.ugh
Don't get me wrong, I'm all for helping those in true need with a safety net but govt should not be in the HC insurance business. Ever.
check out N.B on the #preview of South Beach Tow #episode 16 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UsNBgxqDF-g&feature=em-share_video_user&28J … #NBTV
Se. Cruz, could you please explain to us how the AHCA will make healthcare more affordable? All estimates suggest otherwise.
Make it a National Healthcare Bill, including Congress and staff
I remember when he said voters would come after GOP "w/pitchforks" if they didn't repeal Obamacare. Well, keep an eye out for the pitchforks
For everyone except senior citizens. Not f-n fair. They're the ones who voted his ass into office!!
BUT the House did just the OPPOSITE! They left a pile of sh*t at your feet to clean up. Enjoy!
TED!!!  I love you, but pull your head out of your backside. This bill was CRAP!  WTF!?
Will never happen. Just one more stab in the back for the American people. Both parties are far beyond just corrupt. Seeing the US decline.
Pleeeease Mr. President stop winning! It's too much! I can't handle so much winning!!!
Cruz you are just like Trump
Long time passing that turd, Ted . . .
There has to be compromise to have progress, true with Clinton/GOP Congress and Reagan/O'Neill. U don't get all you want but most. U my man
The Republicans own it now so it better work
WOOH A BILL SO DAMN GOOD FOLKS, THAT CONGRESS DOESN'T WANT TO USE IT EITHER, YOU WONDER WHY? (BELOW) VOTE NO, TED.
Comrade @tedcruz ! Republican death panels ! you are all out for generations to come, enjoy early retirement.No Govt Healthcare !@txlege
Paradox of fixing health care: cannot be fixed until repairman stop seeing it as a business. Health care should be a right, not a business.
Afgordable and good
Ted Cruz is the only smart one of the whole bunch.
This bill won't do it and you know it!
@tedcruz let's hope you or your daughters do not ever need the coverages
Is that what you call taking it away? REALLY?
Fox News has been disappointing in their recent moves I am watching other news outlets now
Let's get this done!   America needs the republicans to lead to clean up the mess from the past...
He didn't complete sentence:  "....for health insurance companies"
Well the House took a swing and missed. Prove it's not about the $, and write a amendment that uses the savings to pay down the debt.
Oh please.  Both sides are just as crooked. We need term limits.
Agreed! But the @GOP slammed their foot down on the #AmericanWorker today!
If HC bill is counting on people using HSAs forget it..most of us are paycheck to paycheck.  BTW...Professionally employed. No IPhone
The AHCA allows price discrimination against women who've been raped. #rapetax
."..to those who can afford it.. to the rest of you? tough noogies "
Thanks for getting the process started!
@tedcruz Senate must fix problems in House bill. If not fixed, bill should not be passed. Dems may win big in 2018 even w lousy leaders.
Then why didn't you do it? Older Sick people will pay or die on this plan.
You should be required to accept the plan you just dumped on us.
#AHCA is not a real repeal as promised ! Who is happy ? Only the GOP on bus , hope we get a different bus load of GOP leaders in 2018&2020
It doesn't give us everything but it will be vastly better that OC I'm fine with it we had to compromise with the establishment
This really is not about what's best for the American people. This is all so the Republicans can crow in front of the Democrats. Sad!
This is actually a very good bill it's going to drastically reduce prices of medical treatments
Good bye #TedCruz 2018
Most of America understands that Obamacare was dying on the vine it was too expensive and gave little to no choices
Anything is more affordable than hell the Obamanation was to the health of Americans.
Yet, you failed.
Dear @tedcruz.
You are make pretense of constitutionalist, but then you are believe that somehow gov can "make healthcare more affordable".
I don't think this bill will do that. Do tort reform and allow interstate commerce for insurance companies and get the govt out of it
Vote of no confidence
@Moran19Maureen seniors there are 70 years old I lowering come people now they paid their debt to society they paid into all TAXES
seniors cannot afford the co-pays on their medicine so they don't get it so they can buy some food and pay rent
seniors have been paying taxes for young people for all the lives they worked
now are you young people don't wanna pay for these low income seniors or people who need this help shame on you all
you young people Someday your mother or father may be in the same shape that we are in senior's
I Do Hope you Rich WILL PAY WHAT IND OF PEOPLE ARE YOU????
how could you deprive these people who are paying mortgages and cant pay doctors or by medicines what the hell ????
why can't low income people eat & Live the same way you do??
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz get our body bags ready Ted
Time to repeal and replace Lyin Ted in 2018!
I hope you can include language to make pricing transparent. Then the free market can work. No way to predict prices now!

you mean to deliver on the promise of the people who have bought you?  Tax breaks for big business,  screw everyone else.
Guess what, DEMS WANT THAT TOO. But you DON'T get that by forcing a vote on a bill 24 hours after it goes live and actively quashing debate.
Yoj are right there. The senate and congress had 7 years to get their act together.  We now know what they do.
So out of touch with real people stay in crazy conservative land Ted you are sad excuse for a senator.
@tedcruz You have a something Brown on your nose too!!
More affordable for the wealthy, you mean. Sickening.
More affordable for the middle class that's sick of paying for losers to get healthcare for free
Tell Richard it is a great day for the American people! Get a grip on polling it w/ the people. Nancy Pelosi: u have to vote to read it?

cool democrat propaganda dude.  Next time, don't FORCE socialism on America and America wont vote you into being irrelevant.
Agreed. But a rushed vote on legislation nobody has thoroughly reviewed is not the right way to do it.
Oh, not YOU again...
say More painful and terrible Teddy
Wow, he typed this letter up quick. 

The bill just passed five minutes ago!
Cruz uses too many "commas".  Ask Krauthammer.
Y'all some terrorist USA govt has been compromised attacking their own citizens are we in Syria
Yet millions will loose insurance congrats idiots! Republicans have now lost their seats in 2018 when people realize this is shit
Haha you wish.
It's extremly likely
And they absolutely failed at this so far
Yes Ted!!!!! I'm tired of paying for the poor people in the south! BRING ON THE BIG TAX CUTS BABY!!! GO TRUMP
Actually no, in millions of cases it's working class people. In many cases children...
But you DIDN'T
If irony weren’t dead, I’d think he meant he was going to vote against the AHCA.
Yet you are NOT
And this is coming from the Zodiac Killer's mouth.
So you're admitting that you're a failure.
