New undercover video shows abortionists admitting things they'd never say in public: 
http://natl.io/gooAdc  
Cant wait to vote u out for such ignorance. What about the other services they provide. I am part of the public, and I want my money there.
They can continue to be funded privately. Taxpayer money shouldn't fund this nonsense.
shouldn't tax payers be able to choose where the money goes. I want PP to provided services for those who cant afford it.
They're a private company, why do they need my tax money? Hint: they don't.
Lots of private companies are given money by the government.  Why hate on only one?
Not all private companies kill and dismember babies for profit. That's a pretty solid reason.
It is a lie, and if you watched real news instead of #fakenews you would know that. Don't be ignorant
They've been caught on camera, I dont know how that's "fake" to you. Assuming you mean Fox, I don't have cable, so I don't watch them.
Well, the military killed lots of kids/families in Iraq - and for what? We sell arms to the saudis, etc. And this is what you complain about
Different arms are sold by PP. Neither is acceptable.
Guess the solution to unwanted things is to kill them?
Not what I would choose. And it's not the government's place to pay for it. They'll (rightfully) protect a spotted owl, but not babies?
geez. get a clue. abortions are NOT paid by tax dollars. only private donations. PP uses tax dollars for health care, pre-screenings, etc.
This has been debunked many times over. You're spreading blatant lies to justify robbing low income women of health care options.
"health care"
Yes, alleged health services such as contraception, STI treatment, cancer screening, and fertility services.
Which is great if you can find a location that offers anything other than abortions.
You mean literally all of the PP clinics? The ones providing sex ed, pap smears, breast exams, STI & HIV testing, and condoms?
Not all clinics provide abortion services to begin with. Do some actual research before you come at me.
@TheChuckNellis PP needs to be defunded!
It's really insane that we do to be totally honest
I cannot stomach the thought of killing children...
I try to see both sides of issues because often there is merit to the other side even if I don't agree.

There is no such thing here
Stop spreading lies.  Another reason to vote you out in 2018.  Why do you want to get rid of women's healthcare?
It's very simple PP stops offering abortions and continues federal funding or ensures the money given doesn't go to abortions
The vast majority of PP services are preventative health: cancer screenings, birth control, family planning...etc.
I do agree that the vast majority is that and I am fine with that. However, you should not have the government forcing tax payers...
To fund abortions
God, you're terrible. Planned parenthood provides VITAL care for women. Do you not care about cancer screenings?!?!
I would like all prolifers be registered for adoption and foster care for all the unwanted unloved children we already have!
A grand jury in ur own state found on January 25, 2016, "no wrong doing on the part of Planned Parenthood". Get ur facts straight!
I absolutely agree with you Senator Cruz
You would think the correct answer is obvious but sad to say, we are the ones that are said to be radical and out of step
What may be 'radical and out of step' in, say, Brooklyn or MSM-land or on college campuses is called wisdom elsewhere in the nation.
It is unjust to force Americans to fund the criminal, sinful slaughter of babies. We need to make this right.
Company that makes human embryos into jewelry   https://youtu.be/ggvRoxrtNs0 
Its very scary how the #democrat #extremists r doing their best 2 normalize the murdering of the innocent
#liberals perform #devils work
No but let's give money to countries that kill gays, slaughter children and have no human rights.  Does that make sense? SIC
#AMEN, #AMEN, #AMEN!!!
So Ted why don't you give The Donald a call and let him know your thoughts.
Can't imagine how these people even sleep at night. Unthinkable
I can't imagine how people sleep at night who make it impossible for women to get birth control and health services.
False argument as usual. Birth control <$10 month or free ( knees together). Health clinics everywhere That even actually have mammograms
That's called Obamacare, my dear. Perhaps you don't remember $30- $40 /month copay before that? That's OK, you'll see soon enough
Looked up your twitter page. You are one angry chick
Nope, just making my voice heard! 
You do realize that those two things are not mutually exclusive, right, "my dear"?
Too bad you weren't as anxious to get to the bottom of crooked Trump's ownership by Vladimir Putin.
Let's do something about this! I'm over politicians not coming after these murders! A hashtag will not make this atrocity go away #StopPP
Another fictitious video!
It's the whole TRUTH!!!
Please stop with sensationalism. This has already been proven to not be a truthful video. PP is important for womens health #IStandWithPP
PP provides abortions and pills, that's it. There are no other "women's health" services that they provide!  Do your reseach!
Planned Parenthood is the only organization responsible for more dismembered bodies than ISIS.
@NRO We shouldn't allow companies that pollute our air, making our babies sick, polluting our waters w poisons either Mr Cruz.
DEFUND PLANNED KILLINGHOOD   @SenTedCruz @PPact @realDonaldTrump
With all respect, sir, that is a lie, we should never spread conspiracy. This is not healthy. Also why have you not done a townhall?
DEFUND PLANNED KILLINGHOOD
Planned parenthood is a "capitalist" Fetus-parts mill. They need women to have abortions, esp late term! This is NOT about choice, its need!
Nope. Wrong again.
Nope. Wrong again. ~~~> @rlboston14
Ok how. PP not receiving money for baby parts?
Read the US house - oversight/government committee report on this issue. U like trump treat WE the people as fools, but alas WE can read!
It is no wonder that even the women in your family hate you #IStandWithPP
Abortion is LEGAL!! The other claim has been debunked. If you want to reduce abortions, fund contraception & FULL sex ed in all schools.
If you want an abortion, pay for it your self!!! Defund Planned Killinghood !!!!
Right
How is this different than your party killing the poor and people of color with your policies? Stop funding the GOP? Ok, sounds good.
Your such a liar! I bet you have free health care on Texas' taxpayers week to week paychecks?

Can't you do something about this?
Nobody thinks we should, that is horrific. And that is NOT WHAT PLANNED PARENTHOOD DOES. Have you ever gone there?
@NRO 
Are you one of those Sandy Hook "truthers"? Did Alex Jones give you that film? Was it delivered by big foot or a lizard?
Are your dAmocrat colleagues blind,stupid or what? Why do they support PP?
You are right @SenTedCruz the @NRSC shld support and vote to #defundPP
#MAGA #Foxandfriends #FOXNewsUS
...women. And what have you done for the babies born? NOTHING. You pose as a Christian, but your acts are evil. Sip some more tea, lying Ted
You cite a discredited "news" source? PP provides way more than you cite. Then again, your actions have shown a total lack of support for...
Gosnell redux!  Kermit Gosnell was convicted and locked up.  What does it take to bring charges to one or more of these people?
Absolutely. The law must be re-worked to stop this killing and tearing apart of babies. Human beings!! It's savagery.
Except that never happened, Ted.
Defund them
Not one cent should be taken from taxpayers and given to anyone else at all!
So take this away even though it provides many great things for people? Your ignorance is astonishing!
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
So right, Senator Cruz!
We actually don't give money to planned parenthood for abortion, the Hyde amendment prohibits it. Nice try though, Ted
If your leadership was genuine you would work to reform PP with your beliefs instead you further divide America w fear propaganda #defendpp
@FoxNews why are you not reporting about this HORRIFYING video of these killers working for #DefundPP laughing about slaughter of babies?
Oh and BTW what if your mother aborted you? We wouldn't be having this argument.  #prolife
Everyone for abortion should have to watch one live at the mid to maximum time limit. Then rethink this.
If u have the stomach to watch...feel free...its reality of what some find reasonable and acceptable...it us insane..should be criminal.
They shld be shut down for selling the parts, while receiving Federal money. TRhat alone shld suspend their non-profit tax code
You're disgusting & responsible for TX's 3rd world maternal mortality rate. Stop lyin...Ted. #womensrightsarecivilrights @PPact @ReproRights
Get up to date. This has been debunked. Move on
I think people don't think its real what you're saying here, there's the human trafficking too way under the surface!
U should prob focus on the fact TX maternal death rate is unexplainable in instances absent of war or disaster. What are u doing 2 address?
This message bought to you by Planned Parenthood the less abrasive ethnic cleanser
POTUS needs to stop this abomination NOW! PP is a front for genocide and wholesale slaughtering of innocent human beings!
Every day when I hold my 5 month old twin granddaughters I thank God that my daughter refused to listen when the test said downs. Perfect!
@NRO - All the relevant things you could be discussing & you choose to dig up old discredited story? #LoseCruz2018 #BetOnBeto
You ignorant, pandering jerk. Do I need to tell you AGAIN about the Hyde amendment?
Horrible.
Amein

Shut these barbarians down now. To have no respect for life is a disgrace. God will get them.
Can U show me any proof & not the O'Keefe's edited Video! When R U going back 2 #Canada? UR Not a #USCitizen-
#Debunking The #PlannedParenthood Myth via @TheOdyssey http://theodysseyonline.com/wisconsin-la-crosse/plannedparenthood/366185 …
@PoliticalShort  What l want to know is W hy had it NOT been defended?? I asked for it but  still you do not listen!
Debunked so many times, but keep spreading propaganda to support your party's agenda. #USAb4party
Any credible evidence???
So, LIBS Lie: A Baby From Conception & In the Womb ONLY IF THEY WANT TO KEEP IT! Otherwise:Give it a Different Name to Dehumanize & MURDER
IF Not a Human Baby In the Womb, Then HOW JUSTIFYING SELLING AS HUMAN BODY PARTS AFTER LIFE MANGLED OUT OF?! Human In Womb & Human Out Of
I must Pay My Own Medical Bills & IF Any want to Pay for Strangers:Send Them Their Bills! PLUS, AGAINST CHRISTIANITY & Forced to Pay?! NO!
NOT MY MONEY!Let Everyone Who Wants:SIGN NAMES Up TO RECEIVE JANE DOE'S ABORTION BILLS! Why should I pay for Strangers? They Don't Pay Mine!
The word is MURDERS! To Kill is Self Defense or as a Soldier does in Battle. Or a Person Fulfilling a Punishment of Killing a MURDERER!
I totally agree! People need to see pictures for month by month babies growth in a womb! Show how babies move away from probes/scissors 
We should fight baby killers with as much commitment as we fought Nazis.

I don't one red cent of my tax dollars to be spent on abortions.
Amen @SenTedCruz. Defund planned parenthood.Our tax dollars should never pay to kill babies. Someone has to speak up for the unborn!
Taxes are not for that purpose
Horrible!!!
So agree with @SpeakerBoehner . You are the spawn of Lucifer. #VoteCruzOut
These people are ghouls.  Their language and views are no different than the Waffen SS Medical Corps.
Oh Cruz, knock it off!!
All abortions are paid for with private funds. They don't sell body parts. That story is as fake as the one about your father
I am sad you act so ignorant.  I know you are smart, but clearly not enough.
ARE YOU LITERALLY SERIOUS RIGHT NOW??¿?? This is some advanced level ignorance...
you got that right.
We need them to be exposed. Democrats try to shut down Exposure. Planned Parenthood are shameful.
Plnd Parenthood also donates money to democrats. How the hell do you allow it to take our tax $ and then make political donations!
People calling this fake are willfully closing their eyes.
Taxpayers should NOT have to fund PP. It is clear they are not going to stop these atrocities.
Let the fancy schamcy limousine liberals fund them.
There is no "public money".. It belongs only to those who earned it. It's stolen money...and we are being forced to fund this shit.
Shame on you for spreading lies about an organization dedicated to improving the health of women and babies! SHAME!
Beto for US Senate
Then bring a bill forward to stop it! Immediately.
Organize and do something, Senator.
You are truly ignorant
Lies Lies Lies
Hard to read-
Then you fund PP. They don't do either of those things. You are planting alternative facts. Shame on you. Not pro abortion,  but pro choice.
We shouldn't allow people committing physical assault into congress either but what are you going to do about that?
Totally agree
God will be a witness to this horrible act SADLY SO many women DO NOT realize their decision# May God will give forgiveness#
Ted, u know this is a conspiracy theory, right? Ur another ill man. U probably do believe ur dad was part of JFK's assassination. Get help!
@maddow @Lawrence @KeithOlbermann @jaketapper @JoyAnnReid look what Ted is posting! Debunked propaganda video to plug the evil budget of 45.
You're an embarrassment!
@realDonaldTrump @VP @tweetcongress @SenateGOP #DefundPP No tax $s 4 selling baby parts #NOTINMYAMERICA
@realDonaldTrump @VP @tweetcongress @SenateGOP For years we've demanded no tax$s to #PlannedKilling no baby parts 4 sale in USA
DO NOT DEFUND PP u r NOT helpn poor w/healthcare y hav a baby bc u r tryn to repeal Affordable Care Act.
Are you planning any town halls? I'd love to have the opportunity to discuss my views on the AHCAnand the damage it will do to Millions.
Thank you Ted Cruz!
Mr Cruz tell WE the people were u party to eliminating the funding for the sex trafficking rehab program in Texas? Why?
Close all PPH! Now!
Perhaps you ought to figure out campaign law before you criticize others.
So evil and heart breaking.
Shut these killers down.
#CanCruzIn18
Lying Ted is at it again, lying like a dog.  November 2018, we put you out of a job.  #WorstSenatorInAmerica
YET the GOP Senators keep letting them have it. We were promised this would be de-funded. Help keep the promise Sen Cruz
The U.S. military?
should we aid Israel then?  They STATE fund abortions, and abortions are decided by Pregnancy Termination Committees..consitency Mr. Senator
PP is all about abortion. All these other so/called health services are a ruse for the abortion industry. Government is compliant in this.
More fake news from lyin Ted
We shouldn't be giving money to organizations PERIOD!  How about this - you give ALL of your money to organizations before you give tax $
Not my money! These butcher shops of innocent babies are sickening! Whoever supports them has blood on their hands!
Abortion should be rare, safe and the responsibility of the aborter.
How many men provide birth control for the women they sleep with? How many of them provide the abortion, as you suggest? Takes two, buddy.
La obra que Dios comenzó en tu vida, la va a completar porque Ėl es quien la comenzó.
Petition: Award the Presidential Medal of Freedom to David Daleiden
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/award-presidential-medal-freedom-david-daleiden-0 …
Stop spreading lies @SenTedCruz
Shame on u cruz.Speardin bullshit so u keep ur job n make money.U dont believe this.If u do never see a doctor again
That "traffics body parts" thing is still a lie.  #alternativefacts
Just out of curiosity Mr. Religious Freedom have you ever read the parts of the Bible about lies and falsehoods?
Defund Planned KILLINGHOOD
There is a special place prepared where evil is repaid in full.
These are the most disgusting and vile people on the face of the planet. There should be no taxpayer funding to destroy innocent lives. MAGA
How can Americans de-fund you?
@NRO  AMEN Ted
 That is pure evil and demonic. It's like sacrificing to the devil. No difference.SICK!!
Defund planned parenthood!
Prove it!  Fake facts!
We should have good viable options and choices for troubled women and girls. Where are the options?
It only takes a few good men to stand up to DC Arena with the answers to this! We have laws, but for some reason they were hijacked!
Please defund it already. This is genocide of the innocent.
Ousting PP from TX's Women's Health Program has led to:  in teen pregnancy & unplanned births among Medicaid patients; HIV testing
I guess they should teach girls how to have responsibility in sex life.
Horrid
Senator Cruz please stop LYING
#2018byebyeLizard
Wacko bird
Planned parenthood has killed more babies than Hitler.  It's an atrocity!
Sad to say there would be more outrage if this was happening to puppies.
#DefundPP They are a disgusting organization with no respect for human life, no morals, no conscience. DEFUND, DEFUND PP
Lyin' Ted, at it again
I totally agree. How did America lose their way so much as to think this is okay?  Praying for it to stop.
The same babies u want to under-educate and under-insure? ones u want to deport & discriminate against. U aint doing shit for the live ones
But yet you have no problem cutting programs that deny food and healthcare to babies. That is killing as well.
This has already proven to be false. What's wrong with you?
Proven? What has been proven is that Senator Cruz, is speaking, THE TRUTH !!!!
Not if you care about reality as determined by evidence, data, context, and subject matter experts.
Sick animals! Someone that can murder this easily & have no feelings for human life are cruel & heartless.
