President Trump Delivers First Speech to United Nations: http://45.wh.gov/8HX2wD  
The man is the strongest person I have ever seen.  The best speech ever. His love for America is unquestionable.

Yo Peggy, you are a sore loser. It was a fabulous speech. He's trying to save your ungrateful butt.
Yo, t! Youre a liberal! If you voted for trump, you're a liberal. He's a lifelong dem that only changed Party to run. You've been conned
You're wrong. He's not either. He's an American fighting for America. He's a strategist. He will do what it takes to save America
He's a liberal. Just like his kids
Donald Trump Jr is a Conservative Republican
Don't even bother arguing with ignorance, this one lives in outerspace


... while Ted Cruz watched porn on his phone.

Pro-Israel cuck

He was an embarrassment.
No, that would be your hat. He is FABULOUS. The best ever. Your ungrateful. Get out of my Country. See ya in 8 years. Take that hat too
You are hateful.
Sick of hearing ungrateful Americans putting my President down. Burnt out. If you don't like it leave. He is working hard every day to help
Did you support Obama for 8 years?
Lol. What do you think?  I love my President, number 45.  Mr. Donald Trump is my President. Period.
Were you watching the same meeting? Because what I saw was a crazy, evil narcissist goading another crazy, evil narcissist into nuclear war.
You can warn someone without escalating the situation and Trump is either incapable or unwilling to do that. We need de-escalation now.
Clinton's plan was working until W stopped it. We need to go back to that. It worked in the past and it might work again.
Hello Ted....Russia ?????
A loud mouth does not make a man strong
Did you throw up just a little in the back of your throat typing that? If not, then you are a fool.
Rook out, Kim not happy.
Comrade asshat, he loves the dictators Putin, Duterte,scorned our allies Canada, Mexico US, Germany, France , Australia.What planet are u on
That's not what I heard Ted, I heard a teenager come up with another nick-name, like "Lyin-Ted"
Are you serious right now
Trump is America's Corrupted Embarrassment Of No Leadership No World Leadership No Integrity Representing USA & Values A Child's Mentality
I am so proud of my President. Today was awesome!
Actions speak louder than words.
Best speech ever!  POTUS rocks!
Just what are US values?
He was an embarrassment, as are you. I am your constituent & have been trying to fax you for months but your fax machine has the line off 
I assume some lackey reads this so dear lackey can you kindly reconnect MY Senators fax line so I can tell him to vote NO on Graham Cassidy?
Thank you, signed a pissed off constituent. PS- I Vote & organize! Hold a town HALL do your job!!!!!!!!
That's nice. But all I hear from everyone is talk. Where's the action? And by action I don't mean giving Kim money to behave. I say MOAB now
I agree with you 100%. We have a great President and You are a true patriotic senator.
Powerful with a purpose. I appreciate how President Trump was bold as he spoke with conviction and truth.
How refreshing to not hear an apology speech, how bad America is, that our sovereignty it sacred!!

Great you & tRump can get off killing a few million Koreans &  Japanese with a war while you kill Americans by taking away health care.
At least two of those people need direction on their hair.
He threatened to blow a country off the map!  Sounds like a playground bully!
You're both on the wrong side of history. There's still a little time for you. Open the door and walk out.
Actually, Trump is Pres and Hillary and her ilk are history
@WhiteHouse no, it was an embarrassing rant of a lunatic idiot.
It was a shit show.
He said nothing about the Nazi's and White Supremacist who are a greater threat to the US than N.Korea is
F U U F POS!
Strong speech, but we'll have to see if Tillerson & McMaster approve & effect policy.
More windy rhetoric. Trump does not stand for American values. He's a liar and criminal.
Trump is dangerously unfit for the job.
Two of the worst haircuts ever, right there.
and same as when he said your wife was ugly and your dad killed Kennedy?   #unga
And he lost me at rocket man
Just stop!
That was a great speech. Obama used the platform to ridicule the US, Pres. Trump lifted us up. THAT is leadership!
Can you confirm that your idea of values includes lying & cheating?
JUST IN: President Trump is using campaign & RNC funds to pay Russia probe legal bills - Reuters, citing sources http://cnb.cx/2jHUTrx 
Jingoistic tap-dance will not make Russian dirty-dancing go away.

You KNOW Trump seriously unbalanced, yet there you are in tacit approval.
Like a 3-year old kicking over everyone's sand castle, but without a pail and shovel of his own.
Delete your account

Disappear and move
By 'US interests & values' do you mean referring to a dangerous international adversary as 'Rocket Man?'
For a man that insulted your wife you sure do kiss his ass a lot. You're such a tool. I can't wait to vote for @BetoSenate2018
@POTUS has this covered ... get #Obamacare #RepealAndReplace
Where was Russia in the speech?  You know, the nation that interfered in our democracy.
Values? Ha! He has none. I can't believe you're enabling his horrendous behavior. Our reputation is tire heap on fire.
sic em, donald!
Made us proud telling the truth!  #Trump #MAGA 

You were way more fun when you were watching porn. #resist
Who switched the script? That speech was better suited for a video gamers convention “totally destroy” “rocket man”
I loved it.
I'm proud of POTUS, instead of feeling embarrassed and humiliated after, WJC,GWB,BHO performances at UN. About time President puts US first.
I doubt he even remembers what he read.
Certainly you are not endorsing his flagrant lies and disrespect  the world laughs and is looking elsewhere for leadership
Love you Senator Ted Cruz for supporting our president Donald J Trump!
 Lying PORNO Ted! 
That was the most embarrassing speech ever in UN History.  

@realDonaldTrump has embarrassed the USA AGAIN
https://twitter.com/votevets/status/909862229109075969 …
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Our @will_c_fischer says #GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans. 
Didn't realize you were a war hawk.  It's always the ones that have never served.
@WhiteHouse
the best version of trump.
That's the type of comment that says you hate #Trump so much, you willfully stay ignorant to even the good things he does.
Uh. That's some interesting logic, but okay.
Smallminded response.


@KapoIrani
@SenTedCruz for SCOTUS!
****FINALLY**** 
