I like it. The $ from drugs is forfeit IMO. Using it for the wall would be the perfect irony & actually do some good.
The money saved by stopping gov't benefits to Illegals could also be used
Agreed. There are many revenue neutral sources that could be used. The more the usuals fight, the more this becomes plausible.
And, 40% of illegals arrive by plane. Shutting off the magnet of gov't benefits also solves that issue
I agree. The problem w/ me, is that you're preaching to the choir. Others need to look at your ideas. Such as certain Rinos I could name.
Right on Anna! Don't worry, the rinos read this stuff, trust me
Good if they do. They will & have read comments from a longtime voter who IS NOT HAPPY WITH THEM!
Stay strong and keep the faith!
Brilliant!!!
Make Mexico any money traveling back and forth
You do realize El Chapo LITERALLY escaped by way of tunnel...Anyone? Anyone?...@SenTedCruz?
Love this idea 
Brilliant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bravo.    Hope this is enacted. Asap

#OBAMAISACRIMINAL
#OBAMAISAFRAUD
HERE'S THE ADMISSION OF GUILT IN VIDEO
#HANGOBAMA4TREASON…
What reason can they have to oppose this? Cut off the drug routes with dirty drug money Genius
We have the house and senate pass the law BUILD THE WALL!!!
So we are going to encourage drug lords to sell more so that we can confiscate  their money to build a wall.

Love this idea
What the media fails to mention Mexico will be charging Mexicans citizens with U.S. visas to come back into Mexico. U.S. citizens wouldn't
Great idea ! BUT @IngrahamAngle thought of it first 
Brilliant idea...that goes through, this man will be the next president for sure
Any Dem that votes against it doesn't deserve to remain in Congress. We need to secure our Southern Border...NOW!!
it is secure, dweeb
I love the idea to add to it I would let Mexico know if we have to pay for the wall it might make it financially impossible to hold elchapo
And he quite possibly could be unfortunately set free back to@Mexico 
Money laundering is the process of transforming the profits of crime and corruption into ostensibly 'legitimate' assets. @SenTedCruz
How about ALL Federal siezed drug money in 2016/2017!
Let's make it happen
Just do it, Shit man!
I applaud you,Senator Cruz.What a Great "American" Idea. Democrats @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer won't allow it pass...Afterall, It's For America
CRUZ U R AWESOME!!!
Great idea Cruz.
Comrade Cruz is a bit late to the Grandstand.Its called Judicial Forfeiture- been around for a long time @txlege @SenateGOP #txdemwomen
It's an excellent idea!!
Best idea ever.  The Wall is absolutely free of charge.  What a great message to the cartel.
No that's the best idea I've heard on building a wall and paid for it
How could the Libs or Dems be against such an idea?

Good job @tedcruz I'll put you in charge of this
I'm sure the Democrats already spent that.
Great idea, now that the drug lords know we will use it to fund the wall. I am sure they will think twice about using our streets for that.
In order to maybe get most of that money, I guest we got to make a deal with el chapo
I am sure those guys buried some of his money only where he could find it.
AMEN, Senator Cruz!  Great idea!!!  By the way, I don't watch Fox.  It is becoming too liberal mainstream.
What a great idea!
Ask any driver who has been searched or anyone who has had law enforcement seize there belongings for a joint or less.
Like this idea? Make it happen.
Yes under this type of law find a joint on your prop. Your assests will be frozen also. The Gov just wants another way to take your stuff
Great idea. Try getting that out of Mexico.  Don't think so.   Make it a tourist retreat or museum. All proceeds go to the wall
@SenTedCruz So Ted will go to Mex and sell off all the assets, please don't insult our intelligence w this nonsense.
Honestly this is not a smart investment we been at war with drugs for a long time why not use money for a better purpose say infrastructure
https://www.wsj.com/articles/border-lawmakers-balk-at-donald-trumps-wall-request-1492802294 … Most lawmakers representing the region—both Democrats and Republicans—said they are opposed
@SenTedCruz Money in the bank, Ted, and quit tweeting and retweeting until it's there. Right now it's all for show.
Sounds like a good Idea.
Love it. Go Ted.
Please, anyone, show one shred of data or evidence that supports the benefit of a border wall.
Great idea!
I don't care how it's built just build it already
That is not "Mexico" paying for the wall that is "Mexicans" paying for the wall
This is a great idea
Srarting ti love cruz again
I am defundingGOP until the wall is approved. @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @tomudall @NMHouseGOP @GOP.I answered your questionaires
Good luck locating and collecting those funds.
Brilliant!!!
El Chapo yes get his drug money and what ever it takes! Clean house in Mexico!
Perfect 
Charge car rentals and hotel rooms, cigarette tax, like stadiums are built. Have bleachers to watch arrests at the wall
AMAZING! I've heard people say this for months and now that a politician says it it's a great idea. Where did you get idea??
Love it Ted!
Make it solar, sell the electricity
Excellent idea. Never thought I would agree with Ted Cruz, EWWWWWW
Perfect.  Let's bust more of their illegal drug rings.
America is still paying for it because we paid for the drugs that maid him the money, isn't that the reason for the wall to stop drugs
Now that's a great solution to an apparent need. How about prisoners get to work?!?
Great idea
SLICK IDEA TED!  SO ONLY MEXICO'S CRIMINALS WOULD PAY FOR THE WALL.  I LIKE IT!  AND, THANKS FOR NOT FIGHTING AGAINST TRUMP ON THIS.
Yep!!! Great idea!!
Love it!!!!!!
I like that!
This will benefit the border patrol with better technology to fight these drug runners and illegals.
Do it. How fitting it would be that we build the wall to keep Chapo drugs out.
A brilliant idea ! @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump let's do this
It's blood money. Use it for security
American's lust for their poisons made them rich. US and Mexican gov has allowed these poisons to destroy ppl, families, communities
Great idea
Use el chapo  money to build the wall. What a great idea!
Yelp 
If you're listening, @POTUS, I wouldn't mind U.S. Marshal for the State of South Carolina. I promise I'm online with your American agenda!
@CNN @abcnews @CBSNews @NBCNews @MSNBC /AGAIN! MANY ways for MX to pay for wall, can also tax Western Union money orders$$$ going to Mexico.
SCREW TED, I HAD THIS IDEA FROM DAY ONE! @POSTUS MUST HAVE A JOB FOR ME AT THE WHITE HOUSE, HEH, HEH, HEH . . . 
Sounds good!!
Go Ted Go problem solved wall to be built
I like Ted more these days and he has a great idea!
MEXICO WILL PAY FOR THE WALL
It is not a new idea!!! Police have been using seized assets from drug dealers for years !!! About time it was done on a larger scale !!!
This is a great idea. Can't wait to see the left side with el chapo @ChrisCuomo
@POTUS not only this bad guy ALL the bad guys assets !
Perfect!!
No one accounts for all the seized money, why not use it and be up front with the hidden money
that's the 1st thing Cruz has ever said that was worth saying
Good idea!
Finally some rationale thinking!
Good idea. Keep them coming
@tedcruzsenate that is a very sound idea!
Brilliant idea. Go do it!!!!!!!
Great idea
Great ideal!
Why not. Put bad money to good use
 Tax payers love this idea.
And for the balance do a go fund me and the Republican voters can fund the rest and tell the dems to shove it.

Me page! If 40 million Americans that voted for President Trump, gave $100.00, that would be enough to build it! Think my nos. r correct!
Bam! Except, it makes total sense, so Dems would surely try to block it.
GREAT IDEA! Should be a very simple single piece of legislation to write! Dems would rather take the money and give to sanctuary cities.
Best idea I've ever heard of
Sen. Cruz, I love your idea! Plz let us know how we can help! Also, I believe it was Erik Erickson on F&F this mornin' said start a Go Fund
Great idea
Perfect idea Senator Cruz! Do it!
Millions of American are affected because of El Chapo,that is restitution for our cost
Brilliant idea!   @GeoOneCeo @SenTedCruz
It's time We the Peopl look for other ways to build the wall, an stop thinking only the gov't can do these things! We must fight back!
Now the corrupt Mex Gov gov will come out and defend him,because now we are actually hitting their pockets,we know where Chapos $ is!
Many officials are bribed or blackmailed too and will block all attempts at fixing these border/immigration issues.
Sounds good to me!
I actually like this idea!! Could also charge countries $$ 4 educating, housing & feeding those here illegally & not accepting them back
Bingo!
that's a great idea I think it's a little different but I think it's really doable
I do like the go find me page idea @tedcruz can you or someone responsible start that, build the wall fund me page.
Do you happen to know what percentage GoFundMe takes?  It's not a free service.
No but my niece used it, I'll ask
It was a rhetorical question; It would be crazy to collect huge sums of money in that way.
Any amount is helpful and would be patriotic especially for those who've never actually done anything to serve their country, good start
I think it's fine & wonderful if people want to pay extra taxes towards the wall but don't pay GoFundMe $89,000 of every million.
Also start a go fund the wall page, also sell bricks with capability of putting sayings, advertising etc on it.
Do you happen to know what % GoFundMe takes?  It's not a free service. It's doubtful bricks will be used; agents want to see MX side.
Ted had a great idea here
Now all the fake conservative cruz haters are supporting him...typical
Great job @tedcruz love this idea. Way to actually do work there instead of waisting the people's time and money
Brilliant!
Great idea!!!
Wasn't this posted JUST a few minutes ago? WE KNOW it's not a slow news day.
Great idea @SenTedCruz
I think this is a great idea ted
Awesome. @SenTedCruz Plus Poll: SHOULD @POTUS @DHSgov & @TheJusticeDept USE FUNDS WITHHELD FROM #SanctuaryCity TO #BuildThatWall? Yes 94%.
Works for me!
The Honorable Senator from the great state of Texas is a Genius ##
And if assets are seized on the American side, the police steal them for themselves as "operations funding", you want to steal from police?
Local police keep small confiscations & it doesn't go to the feds but there's never been a $14 billion take & it will be a federal case.
Oh, so now you think it's a bad idea? Why do love illegal immigrant crime? Ted was just about to save America!!!!
I didn't say it's a bad idea; you asked what is presently happening to the money confiscated from drug sellers and I answered you.
Police keep it...
Yes, that's what usually happens but small scale drug busts are local/county/state crimes & nobody has ever confiscated anything like $14B.
Also, I assume El Chapel will be tried in federal court & his $14B will belong to the feds.
LIKE it and it's nice to see someone on potus side
This good idea will receive zero support from the gutless GOP congress as usual. We need to review who we voted for in congress big mistake
WHAT A GREAT IDEA!!!
As Usual, Ted Cruz is out there fighting practically all alone.

Ted's a Gem.
Way to go @SenTedCruz
Some pansy a$$ judge will rule it unconstitutional.
Great idea!
I've been saying for years drug money should pay for the wall. Govt is just now thinking of this.
Works for me!
I'm sure the DEMS want the funds sent to Sanctuary Cities to protect and pay legal fees of the illegals like MS13 members
Watching people climb those walls.  Wall is not the answer to border security
A wall and more border agents will certainly help tremendously. What is your solution Minnie?
I saw a "wall" model that leans out towards MX making it extremely difficult to climb. If I remember right it also had a razor like surface.
Also, agents want something that allows them to see what people are doing on the MX side, not a solid wall.
Minnie: There are some areas that very much will benefit from a barrier but you're correct that isn't the entire answer.
Border wall $$$$ "border wall buds"
Great idea
Yes. Perfect.
Love the go find me idea !!
Do you happen to know what percentage GoFundMe takes?  It's not a free service.
That's a great idea we should also do a go fund me page for the wall so the Democrats can shove it
Do you happen to know what percentage GoFundMe takes?  It's not a free service.
Love it do it MASA
what a brilliant idea. Go ted Cruz
Excellent idea from my state Senator

Don't worry @POTUS !
#sanctuarycities are next on my list, right after I help you fund the border wall. 
What does the US currently do with these assets?
Local police keep small confiscations & it doesn't go to the feds but there's never been a $14 billion take & it will be a federal  case.
Rich politicians proposing how they should spend YOUR money on a wall while cutting taxes on their own earnings. MAGA, right? Idiots.
don't let him get away w/o hard questions on this..where is this money & how does congress appropriate it?? Cruzzie talks big, zero done!
Local police keep small confiscations & it doesn't go to the feds but there's never been a $14 billion take & it will be a federal case.
This is the best idea I have heard, let's do it.
Sounds like a plan. But congress no doubt has it's greedy eyes on that "free money".  Well, almost free. If you don't count the addicts, etc
I tweeted this idea a couple of months ago. Millions if not billions of dollars have been seized.

Perfect idea! Then it would be Mexico paying
Great idea! We can get the wall and the left can claim they didn't pay for it! Everyone should win!!
Great idea Sen. Cruz!
Yes, Yes, Yes, thinking outside the box Ted what a wonderful idea, they can pay back for all the pain and suffering they have caused others.
Why do we need Ted Cruz to "think" of a way to have Mexico pay for the wall? Cruz needs to stay in DC during recesses and fight Dems
It is his job to think and put forth proposals to benefit our country.  He is looking out for us the citizens of this country.
Actually think that is a wonderful idea.  Hurts the drug lords, pays for the wall and lowers the trafficking of future drugs.  Good job Ted.
Stellar Job, Senator Ted!!!
love this idea and we shouild go after ALL THE MONEY. And use it for the wall. semper fi
Brilliant
Excellent idea.
I agree, great idea. Now put plan in action.
Why don't we confiscate jewish wealth to pay for the wall? After all, they created the mess with their liberal politicians.
You are one sick child. Lord help you.
And that National debt, the result of fighting Israels wars; we can shake down Soros, Sheldon, the Koch brothers, etc.
Nice tweet of a video of a tweet.
They should a make a video game out of the tweet-video-tweet and then turn the video game into a movie franchise.
