Hurricane Harvey is approaching and a Coopers hawk seeks refuge in my car and does not want to leave
UPDATE on HARVEY the Hurricane Hawk!
Good for you and Hurricane Harvey Hawk...companionable good augury for weathering the storm together...All good-wishes to you both, & kin
Birds of Texas 
Facebook fan page... Some comments on Harvey the Hurricane Hawk
UPDATE #4 Harvey the Hurricane Hawk
R ye daffed or deff or with screws lose mon ?
@DarleneHBrook Senator Cruz retweeted this message the same day that it was sent out, August 24th, days before the hurricane came ashore.
And let us not grow weary of doing good, for in due season we will reap, if we do not give up.#Galatians6:9

#NationalDayofEncouragement
This REALLY should've been a mandatory evac. You'll have a very hard time rescuing stranded people & lives will be lost! #badchoice #harvey
Nothing will be left except for the Body of Christ.
I have no clue what part of corpus Christi im at im definitely in the hood i think they called vatio apartments anybody know if im a or b?
Diego are u ok...
Yes Na i escaped from #HurricaneHarvey  at last second was going to warrior thru it like i always do N life but god &fam said not this time
Learn more about the skills needed to help http://www.disastervolunteerismacademy.org/ 
"I think people are smart enough to make their evacuation decisions & they don't need the government telling them what to do." Mayor McComb
Someone should have warned McComb to not eat lead paint.
Quick question:¿Were did all the people that got mandatory evacuation go?
Couldn't warn people sooner? 2:50 day before it hits and it's already raining in Corpus? Seriously? Was Katrina not a good enough example?
Yeah they've BEEN warning people for days
Yeah but new Orleans also waited way to long to mandatory leave citizens. Think of old folk homes / hospitals /cares centers some need offl
New Orleans as a city is on average 6 feet below sea level, and Katrina was a different storm with different parameters. Every storm...
I don't know if you understand this concern. Yes everything is different and new situations. People haven't been warned soon enough firmly!
Whatever! they started a week before the storm.
Tenni, Trump is more concerned with his transgender & pardon then the storm. He's really not very intelligent on leadership etc... Obviously
He's a great leader
Let's pray it hits New Orleans instead.  There is nothing there worth saving.
Thats not nice. .
May you all be safe in this terrible storm and we hope to visit again in the future.
Why no mandatory evacuation? Irresponsible AF!
My Auntie is in Zone A and didn't evacuate. Worried.
A cat 4 is no joke. There should be a mandatory evac. I can only imagine how much devastation this storm will cause.
Cat 4.. its going to be interesting.  I have been through several hurricanes.
To where though? I've got family there who have little means and not sure where to go that's safe.
Somewhere north. Get in their car and drive if its not too late already.
i hope those that can evacuate have or are doing so- stay safe! saying prayers for all. it's going to be one hell of a storm and recovery
Stay safe texas
Trumpsters don't believe all the fake news, they are saying to evacuate on CNN also. Just stay where you are don't believe the lying media!
Hope people LISTEN!!!!
God Bless ~ good luck...
I DONT BELIEVE IN LUCK! I BELIEVE IN GREAT PPL! SEE IN THE MORNING!
Mayor McComb is going to be responsible for the deaths of the elderly and hospital-bound in Corpus Christi.  12' wall of water expected.
People need to listen to nature & leave until later suggested to comeback. Evacuate now
SRT CAT is in place and ready to respond. If you need our help We'll be There!
This is insane!  A 12' storm surge is coming.  Who is in charge?
But but but, he said people could make up their own mind without any suggestions or anything!  #idiot
I just saw the interview of the mayor with CNN. Did he really say he didn't know the specifics of the hurricane plan? What about trucks?
Tell me why this isn't a mandatory evacuation situation. You know when ppl die, & they will, their blood will be on YOUR hands!
Forget "strong encouragement", mayor. Lives r @ stake. Make it mandatory. You r giving stragglers excuses 2 ride it out with ur doubletalk.
y'all obviously didn't learn anything from Katrina.  The island and Bluff should have been mandatory evacuations!!!
I pray for all in Texas. Please let y'all be safe
Strongly encourages isn't good enough.  Should have been mandatory.  Horrible decision.
Pls heed the warning!
It's time to order a mandatory evac. People are going to die.
do we have to make things Mandatory? If you dont have the common sense to get out of the way on your own, well I call that Natural selection
Prayers on the way
your Tweet was quoted by @nytimes
I wish Houston would update
God Be With All Of Texas/Texan's , Will Be Praying For All .
Be Prepared to Evacuate http://honoreprep.com 
Sir, they haven't learned from the disaster of Katrina.  Should've been MANDATORY on the Island and the Bluff!
Stay safe from Long Island! 
Listen to the warning people!! Fornthe right thing and be safe!! God Bless!!
Big amber alert signs even in Dallas area warning against travel to the gulf
Gotta be official for insurance help.
Shouldn't it be a mandatory evacuation? Also, is there shelters set up for those who have nowhere to go? 24 hours away is not a lot of time
Been in too many hurricanes myself. My advice is that when in doubt about where your area stands, evacuate.
Stay safe.
I live at The Shores Apt on McAdrle Rd, could some one tell me which areas does that apt belong to?
Did you get your answer?
Es oficial mi estimado @alcocerirap Mayor McComb strongly encourages evacuation, especially Area A and B as seen in the map below
@weatherchannel just make sure you have a boat, canoe to get around
Mayor needs to remember the mistake of lives lost in New Orleans! 
 Mandatory LEAVE is showing this is serious!
Hopeful all will heed evac orders n leave those areas...
We will survive
Hope all will be well in Texas!!
It may not hit people til the storm is in full glory how powerful nature is!  Some don't evacuate, but after Katrina? Try to leave now!
@adamoverboard
@weatherchannel   You're a fool if you stay.Your life is worth more than your houseYou can get another house but not another life
Stay safe!!
I'm sure there will be morons who think they're survive and stay. I hate seeing that when hurricanes hit
Please do it! Stay safe Corpus!
any word on zone D? of of cedar pass and eveheart
That place floods
Prayers for potential flood and wind damage residents.
#CorpusChristi take a look..
cruz thinks its a govt hoax probably
