This child has rights and interests of his own, which may not always align with those of his parents.

You’re wrong, sir.
And yet millions of babies are aborted every year.  Living humans with no rights because momma is inconvenienced
You can get fucked making this case about pro-life
What an incredibly intelligent response LRB ... thank you for showing your sweet humanity. You must be a lovely human being ...
It's all relative - you see, I'm not trying to politicise a dying child to push my own personal agenda.
Neither was she. She was making a comparison regarding the hypocrisy between David's remark vs aborting a child. Rights for one..0 for other
This is really simple:
A child is a person; their rights take priority over their parents’.
A fetus isn’t a person; their rights don’t.
This is really simple. It appears to me and millions of others that Charlie nor his parents have any rights. #CharlieGard #IAmCharlieGard
And stand with you, Sen. Cruz!  Wish you represented me, but I'm stuck in the hellhole known as California.
Fifth largest economy in the world, such a helll hole! Back to your motherland Russia!
Leftists love touting the "5th largest economy" line w/o regard to its health.
Red State of Mississippi poorest, worst health in the nation, highest HS drop out rates & teen pregnancies.
It's principles that matter.
Like worshipping false idols? Golden Calf


I'm positive your opinion means nothing #thisistheUK
.... however many people come to the UK for free standard procedures. Parents should have a choice when it comes to care not be told
Not just wards. Hospital beds in corridors.
Thats truly noble of you. Now stand by the citizens of the  USA ,Trumpcare or whatever you call it is a major slap in our faces.
Will you also please stand with AMERICAN parents facing the same? #BabySteffen last mo. in TN. Now this in Georgia -

"No gov't has the right to deny parents their chance for a medical miracle" says member of US Senate trying to do just that w/ medicaid cuts
If you VOTE YES on the healthcare bill in Senate they will be able to because 52+ mil will not have coverage. #voteno
Texas has the highest level of child mortality in the dev world How dare Americans criticise our wonderful Nhs Charlie wd b desd bynow in US
This is what you get in a single-payer healthcare system like that of the UK. Death panels!
Unless they can't pay for it!
You're kidding right?
And yet you also stand for zero public health care. I'm confused. Maybe you are too.
Focus on healthcare for your Texas constituents! UK has universal coverage. The most vulnerable Texans will die w/out Medicaid w/ YOUR #BCRA
How is the Universal coverage working for Charlie Gard?
Seriously Cruz considering taking away 23 plus million from the American people inculding children and babies GOP such hypocrites
Isn't it a pre-existing condition? Like you want us to lose coverage for?
So you're going to oppose the Senate health bill right?
No, he is opposing socialized medicine
Liberals can't differentiate between very basic concepts. Pitiful. Where did Cruz said govt must provide healthcare itself? 
Amazingly, I never said anything about socialized anything. Check the CBO score, the Senate bill hurts the private market too.
That's a hella crystal ball  ya got there chrissie
Don't take my word for it. Check the CBO score.
And yet the likely hood is he would never have reached this age in US as parents would not have been able to fund his care
Talk about tone deaf.
You support Single Payer/Medicare for All/Public Option? If not, stop pretending you care ab any1's healthcare cept YOUR lifetime free hc.
Add me to that list, I'm livid with the UK
#CharlieGard
The irony of this coming from the guy who wants to give  everyone "freedom" from having health insurance sets a new Olympic record.
Do you stand with Charlie Gard or his parents? If both, are parents interests and their child's interests always the same?
No Government is.
It's so frustrating reading some of these tweets - complete lack of understanding!!
This man is clever. He's making a political point.
It's not correct though!
That's for sure!
hypocrite...


Katie is advising Judge re: #CharlieGard 
http://nursing.columbia.edu/transforming-nursing-improving-care …

@Pontifex…
But it's a pre existing condition!
In social medicine they do...unfortunately.  The very reason a socialist agenda cannot work in a capitalist system.

No, you stand with Charlie Gards parents. What about Charlie? Who stands for him.
I'm sure that will come as a great comfort to the people that can't afford health insurance, back home.
Disgusted by the judge attacking and arguing with the mother of a sick child trying to save his life unworthy 2 be a judge #TreatCharlieGard
you're a republican right? aren't you all for denying citizens of your country medical miracles every day?
Amen Sir.
The best piece on Charlie and the supreme value of white life:
Why don't you concentrate on the numerous problems in your own country? You obviously have no knowledge of medicine or UK law.
Good thing nobody asked you
Stop using a baby boy for your political gains! If you cared you wouldn't be backing the us health reforms. Stay out of uk matters please.
#IAmCharlieGard no corporation/gov/hospital has the right to life, including all violations #fracking #cryonics #GMO DNA repair needs Nature
Humanity and Hope stand along with you.
Whilst cutting #Medicaid to some of the poorest US Citizens REALLY!
Are you serious. In the US he would be dead already! But you have no understanding of HIS pain either. What a hollow cynical Man U are
I'm the Aunty of 2 babies born with chd. The cost to their parents of 3mths each in intensive care $0. F off Cruz you monster
Universal healthcare in Australia protects everyone and you think you're a decent person for taking it away from   Families. The hide!!!
R u going provide the Health Care or just boost Corp. Ins. Profits & and leaving the poor guy funding tax cuts for 1%.
It's not about the parents and their chances. It's about the suffering of a terminally ill boy. Your intervention is not appropriate. This
If anyone wants to help please sign, it would be great to see a million signatures by morning
Pls sign & retweet.
@SenTedCruz confirms that healthcare is a right. Tremendous!
No hospital, no gov’t has the right to deny parents their chance for a medical miracle. I stand with #CharlieGard
What is wrong with you? You're a phony! You have a opportunity to get good press over Charlie Gard, but want to screw millions?
Moreso no country should stand in the way of anything that offers opportunity or hope, when that country can do no more. -
Maybe you should make sure everyone has a decent health care plan then.
Every child deserves the opportunity of the best treatment that science and medical profession can offer at a time of suffering.
Get rid of the Free Stuff.

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
SMH
Does that include American Judges!
If we don't do a full repeal, then we might suffer Ronald Reagan's warning and goodbye freedom:
Do this instead>>>>>>>>>>>>>
And the 22 million faceless US citizens you are ready to throw off health care?  HYPOCRITE!
Yes please repeal ACA keep fighting for conservative values
I have to ask: how could this medical miracle happen without healthcare for all?
What happened to putting Americans 1st?Is prioritizing #CharlieGird over the needs of working class in middle America putting #AmericaFirst?
Sadly this is coming to America. WA, both prties are passing GVT healthcare! Single payer nxt. Socialist policies CNT coexist w capitalism
This is situation where BOTH are wrong. Parents always decide, BUT parents chose wrongly. Horrible situation, with no "winner".
By gutting Medicaid you'd be doing just that to thousands of Texans. You allow your free-market zealotry to blind you to basic human decency
Nobody deserves a gov't so over-reaching as to have this kind of tragedy forced upon them.
Thank God for our freedom in the USA. Govt has no business in our healthcare. Mind boggling that libs want to hand over freedoms.
Is why Trump keeps saying "in America we worship God not government." Europe chose government years ago.
How do you protect that right if your taking away ACA and HC protections?!
Funny I dont hear anything from the far left on their government controlled healthcare.
Health insurance does not equal health care! Let's make health insurance illegal and watch how quickly the cost of health care drops!!
Thank you, Senator Cruz. Always seem to be on the right side of every issue.
Embarrassingly hypocritical while proposing killing older Americans and disabled by making their ins. Unaffordable! #Sad
Thank you for your stand @SenTedCruz  pls encourage specialists to speak out at court FOR #babycharliegard
HYPOCRITE!! But you're willing to allow insurance companies to deny coverage to people with pre-existing conditions
Yet this melting face con artist wants to take health coverage away from millions of Americans ugly on inside and outside
You cannot decide what is the best for a child. You are a two bit politician. Butt out
Right Ted. If anyone can stop people from getting healthcare, it's the GOP
Right @SenTedCruz! C'mon #savecharliegard !
ALSO - no gov’t has the right to deny parents their chance for a medical TEST, HELP, ETC.    IT DOES NOT HAVE TO BE A MIRACLE
Change medical miracle to medical care and then look at the AHCA/BCRA
Why would you fight for one child's life and not the healthcare of all Americans? Your ignorance is showing!
You have no idea what you are talking about. This is a nuanced complex decision that is between a family and physicians only.
Thank you Senator Cruz!
God bless you!
#CharlieGard
#IStandWithCharlieGard
Hey Cruz, looking at the replies  I'd start worrying about my support. I imagine your supporters read your tweets and would jump to defend
This is what social medicine comes down to.  It's WRONG that a government has any right to deny parents a chance for their child to live!
Cruz, you are an evasive lying political slimeball. This is not your domain. Your involvement demeans everything and everyone involved
Just the insurance companies have that right?
How about you stand for us to have access to medical "miracles" too?
Why did you say Texans don't care out our democracy?
I stand with #CharlieGard too.
So Sir, if they decide to pull the plug, is that their choice too?
Ted Cruz’s health plan is simple: ask sick people to pay more
U do everyday
I agree completely AND the GOP needs 2 get behind finding a way 2 ensure every American before single player passes.
New podcast! @Avik and I debate the Better Care Reconciliation Act, and health care more generally: https://art19.com/shows/the-ezra-klein-show/episodes/2290211b-6600-4673-b93a-b010b3867598 …
Yeah you say that but b/c of YOU Texans can't go to Dr's/hosp in Tx that are funded by taxpayers! Quit lying & bsing ppl!
Bye bye next year! You are on your way OUT!
As Solicitor General what did you think about the case of 6 year old Sun Hudson?
And the dems, if they had their way, want socialized medicine. This is prime example of what would happen. Gov't decides if you live
I concur
This is why any government healthcare is a BAD idea!Govt shouldn't make YOUR decisions.Go back to private insurance, make it better.
Texas has had death panels since 1999. What have you done to eliminate them as Soliciter General or Senator?
Sadly, beyond a miracle. His brain has been dead for months. Sometimes we have to stop torturing when treatment is futile.
Death paels come with Socialized medicine aand that's what Congress wants here!
Let Insurance companies make group plans to include pre existing conditions. No Gov help Insurance Co's can create like Employer group ins.
Repeal all Obamacare.Make it law that Insurance Co's may not discriminate against pre existing conditions. They will make larger groups.
Hypocrite. Your proposed health care plan would deny coverage - life & hope - to millions of Americans - kids, grandmas, loving parents.
If they have the $ for it. Don't forget you favor ins lifetime caps to coverage.
Some families will keep loved ones on life support forever when they're never going to have any quality of life. Who wants 2 live like that?
Death panels
What you get with government HC & liberal progressives. Get  U.S. out of the healh care bus.. The road to hell is paved w/ good intentions
They do if you have single payer insurance which we are on our way to becoming unless you get ur job done for the people.
TY Sen Cruz. And today the parents have 48hrs to prove their son should have a chance at life. Don't let USA healthcare deteriorate to this.
Actually, they have had months to bring the evidence, and haven't.
Okay. Who pays for it?
Why do we let gov determine our personal decisions?
EITHER ITS RUSSIAN AI TROLLS OR TRUMP FOLLOWERS THE CONSENSUS IS ALL THE POOR AND SICK SHOULD DIE. SEE YAHOO
The UK government rightly funds healthcare, but has obligations to other sick children rather than medical experimentation.
Unless they don't have insurance or are poor?
Government should also not pass terrible legislation that will kill millions, but here we are.
Amen
Then send a plane to Get him. Don't wait or stand with him. Help him Senator and the family
Unless that hospital wants hand outs from the gov right mr kill healthcare? Lobbiest Ted strip them till their dead, #paydaykillingaca
thank you so much please support the bill to #SaveCharlieGard
Go back before ahc make the 7 main changes,put the750b back into mc take a another 50b for preexisting and let the market go to work
This will be done in USA if the gov't fails & we end up with single payer/socialized medicine
#repeal and give medicine back to doctors
#DPC
M D Anderson denied us that chance for our son. Money talks and life walks!.
No body talks about the cost. Why is that?
Charity begins at home.
How goddamn dare you say this while trying to take healthcare away from millions through the BCRA
@tedcruz :"no watch as I unironically vote to remove healthcare from 10s of millions of Americans".
But not with 52 MILLION AMERICANS it would seem. This is EXACTLY the plan you want to put in place. #Hypocrite #TypicalGOP
This is what we will have with Obamacare with single payer. We need to stop this madness in the US and learn from this and many other cases.
This had nothing to do with cost. read decision 
http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWHC/Fam/2017/972.html …
And children all over the world, war's victims???
@Steven_Woolfe The State needs limits on incursion into private and family life, right to life - parents aren't evil, step aside
@Steven_Woolfe 10% chance better than no chance, if treatments abroad, no pain and not here, no brainer. Just uppity docs.
not the case, parents retracted 10% claim in court yesterday claiming they never said it (even though they did to press 10 mins earlier)
Ditto
@MattMackowiak Unless, of course, they've lost their insurance due to the actions of said government.
So who pays for it private funds or the UK taxpayer? put your money where your mouth is.
Unless they can't afford it.  Obviously.
and yet you vote to remove healthcare from millions of US babies!
pathetic that you US politicians are exploiting this boy to further your agenda #sick
fora miracle
I agree senator Cruz
I thought UK did not have the death penalty! Yet they have sentenced baby Charlie to death!! #yourenotgod #babykillers #Disgraceful
read decision 
http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWHC/Fam/2017/972.html …
Thank you Senater Ted Cruz.  A lot of us have been both praying and raising hell over this issue.  Mark Levin brought it to our attention.
What would we have missed if Helen Keller had not been "allowed" to live? #ParentsRights #CharliesArmy #ECB #Blind #VisuallyImpaired
Totally irrelevant comment. No way the same
You hypocrite!!
Maybe you can also stand by the rest of us that need healthcare.
Go out and get some like the overwhelming majority of people do.
I too like pie from apples!! lol
thank goodness for aca so that won't happen here....
not your kids dying so you don't give a damn.
@RobChristie11 Absolutely!!
Nothing to do with socialised medicine, read order
http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWHC/Fam/2017/972.html …
Supreme  Court decision

Yet you are perfectly comfortable with denying millions of Americans access to healthcare
Roger to that Sen. Cruz.
Me too!
I stand with #CharlieGard and also all of those who rely on medicaid and the ACA.
Welcome to socialist, single payor government run healthcare
All of the above and not to mention the number of people awww forget it man r I serious? This why u on hannity?
Do you even hear yourself, Ted?
Why Charlie and not the hundreds of thousands of children you want to kick off Medicade. You are a grandstanding sociopath!
So they should provide care for free. I like getting a check Sen. I know you enjoy the one you get from Humana
How will trumpcare deal w/ a similar case?  I.e. Charlie's disease is congenital which means it's a preexisting  condition. Who'll pay?
But your healthcare plan would pay for none of this. Lying hypocrite!
Agree.
Until trumpcare then if they can't afford medical care and have pre existing condition tough luck. Hypocritical remarks
Your wording is basically a softball for Bernie to say you care more about British kids than Americans
And yet you're trying to codify just that into law...
You r the biggest most horrendous two faced hypocritical liar, trump got you right "lyingTed". Health care for everyone. Your plan kills her
Nobody is entitled to the labor and services of another human being. The solution is simple, free the market on insurance. Problem solved
