#GOP To do list

#RepealObamacare 

#ConfirmGorsuch 

#FlatTax (Won't happen)

#DefundTheUN (def won't happen)

@SenTedCruz @cynthia_gunnels
Still have my @SteveForbesCEO 2000 hat. :-/
wow the real #steveforbes liked your tweet-how cool is that?
Very!
Please drop your support for a nationwide Internet poker ban. It's anti-Tenth Amendment & anti-liberty. Poker Players Vote!
Please oppose the Adelson backed push to ban iPoker. Each State should have the right to regulate gaming within their borders.
- u endorsed a guy who called u Lyin' Ted & insulted ur wife. Now our country is going down the tubes. Get a backbone dude!
It is called being a grownup. He is forgiving past indescretions against him for the good of the country.
it's about time for all of us to grow up and work together again!
Grow up? We have a tweeting toddler in office. Ok- let's try to actually elect a grown-up next time.
yeah that's the spirit!! You can't change him, but you can change you and be part of the solution!!
you have to also remember, Libs gave us Killary! The cry is America was anyone but the kill/bill show!
yes it is
Support states' rights to license & regulate online #poker. Oppose any federal bans or interference of any kind
please oppose efforts for a federal ban of online poker. It's a state's right to decide.
Please support the licensing and regulation of online poker in America.
honor our constitution's bill of rights 10th amendment and let states decide on ipoker and marijuana. oppose federal overreach
You have eight years of obstruction to make up for. I have my doubts that much will change. Not obstruction now. Incompetence.
Now it's DESTRUCTION
Don't forget about the little guy that just wants to play some online poker. Please respect the 10th Amendment on this issue.
Please don't let Sheldon Adelson dictate state online poker/gaming/lottery policy #StatesRights
Doesn't look like much is getting done right now
If you believe that you are totally blind. Oh, your getting your Fictional News from CNN.
Wrong I don't watch CNN or any of the other MSM news. I'm watching the senate & the house
Ya'll haven't been productive in years What WE notice is that you were the only Senator at CPAC.Trump has made the GOP a joke
FYI the GOP was a joke long before Trump came along. Tell it like is if you're gonna say anything. Pres Trump is great
Whatever dude....Trump is simply nuttier than the rest. He's driving the GOP clown car
agree w the #poker tweets! Online poker = great way 4states 2 raise revenue & provide consumer protection! #Fight4Poker
@PatriotOrg Then maybe you better light a fire under @SpeakerRyan & @McConnellPress butts GOP holds House & Senate DO SOMETHING
Gosh a reminder that Im so grateful this is not our president
Then what r u waiting for?
Now productive means destructive. Gutting public education, allowing pollution, racism, hate crimes, increasing poverty-Congrats
Way to go Ted!!!!!! Yeah!!!!!
Lying Ted now kisses Orange Hitler's ass in hopes of someday becoming his lap dog. "Sit up, roll over, good dog".
@adagioforstring #GET-IT-DONE!   No more #bs
I have horrible  images of a naked @SenTedCruz rolling over his wife to get to @realDonaldTrump ... what a coward & sellout!
thank you for your stand for Israel.
proud of you. You were my vote but we so needed a man that did not come from political correctness
Stand for the people not your own agenda.
Yes Yes Yes!
Support Regulated Online Poker.  Oppose all Federal & State Poker Bans.  Prohibition of Regulated Poker is a Failed Policy!!!
Oh Teddy. You are a funny little twit aren't you?
the people and the Dems are going to slow down your big money special interest agenda, thank God
Fantastic ! Can't wait to see your wonderful self and hear more at your town hall. When is it again? Excited!!
productive for who??
Please oppose efforts for a federal ban of online poker. It's a state's right to decide this issue. #LetStatesDecide
Please support the 10th Amendment oppose any internet poker ban. Allow us the freedom most of the world enjoys.
. God bless you and your family Senator Cruz!
productive? Didn't you read green eggs and ham during a fake filibuster?
...so you fittin to get to work?   Y'all been prepping for this moment for 8 years.  #NO EXCUSES!
Please support the licensing and regulation of online poker in America.
you blocked for 8 years and was the highest paid protestor during govt shutdown
It could've been productive for the last 8 years. Repulicans like yourself decided party over country.
Please support the licensing and regulation of online poker in America.
Please support regulated online poker in America.
but the Republicans are slow walking everything.
most productive? There's the lying Ted we all know and hate. So rich coming from a one man obstructionist. The party of "no".
Many conservative groups rightly oppose efforts to enact a federal shutdown of state-licensed #poker websites. Let states decide
.@SenTedCruz I hope Congress won't waste time & political capital on a #CronyCapitalism push to shut down states' #poker websites. #tcot
i fear the opportunity will be squandered! The same leadership you fought is in power!
Shush
Yes, KEEP THE PROMISES!
so why won't you talk to your constituents?  Where was your town hall?  No talk no vote! Get Bannon out!
historically a divided government is better for the people. If you operate w/o the consent of ALL, you overreach & alienate.
after doing nothing for years that would be a change. Still confused about pre existing conditions?
Yes, like universal Medicare and strengthened Social Security.
start with meeting with your constituents
so, can you get the other lazy ass senators to get confirmations done!
yes sir!! I was just tweeting that this morning!
hold their feet to the fire, Ted!
If congress is productive.......I'll
believe it when I see it!
I agree, Ted.  If only President Cheetoh would lose the ADD and stop complaining about how the media is "unfair" to him.
you Go Senator
@ChuckNellis Get on it TED silence the left wing looney toons get it done. Once chance in a life time to rid corrupt government.
@ChuckNellis @cinders1313 Thank you Ted for standing by your word.
@jsipe2005 Yes!  Repeal and replace ACA with capitalistic system!
why was congress so unproductive over the past few years?
Green Eggs and Ham.
remember when Trump said your dada killed JFK and awful pictures of your wife?  You have NO backbone.  What is wrong with you?
Lets get the Affordable Care act repealed now.
Boy are you off to a bad start if you are going to honor #PutinParrot promises as the Government is under Russian control now.
it would be nice if y'all cared about the environment too- we kind of need it
lies
.@SenTedCruz well wheres that flying pig of a replacement for the ACA?? Maybe focus on improving it instead of jeopardizing peoples' health
the house and Senate have the chance to wipe the Facist, Socialist lefft off the map. Don't squander it.
Keep them honest,SenatorI will always be part of #CruzCrew
Corp and indiv tax reform=economic boom! Working and seniors need this. Get it done!
easily done since Congress hasn't done anything the past 8 years-still waiting for this Congress to stop talking
get busy
sorry but your production the people do not want. Just to inform you this is not fifties   We are a progressive country
I'm not feeling any commitment from McConnell or Ryan to repeal Ocare.  Not tinkering and fixing -repeal!
hold a Town Hall #CowardlyCruz
.@lauriemcf I'm enjoying this talking point against @SenTedCruz For decades Ds have pushed TX further right w/leftist talking pts & stunts.
.@lauriemcf @SenTedCruz Even the AP has a report today & it's vulnerable Senate Ds that are really laying low, avoiding their constituents.
.@lauriemcf Senate Ds in the real bind, pushed to stand up to Trump by their liberal base & pushed to cooperate by independents & moderates.
Problem is we don't want what you promised. Keep your dystopian plans for the future in Texas or better yet take them to Canada
It's way past time. YEARS past. Until I see results, Congress remains a collection of worthless windbags.
You made promises for you and not your constituents! Can't wait for election 2018! #NotMySenatorForLong
great to see your substantive interview/speech yesterday!
Repeal Obama care Now! Fair Tax Now! No Loopholes! Everybody Pays! Deregulations Now!
@Dudleyland what is this "We should" how about "we will?"
.@prspear Do you really not get it? @tedcruz is doing all he can to get establishment Rs to do what they promised. He can not do it alone.
In the RINO-CartelC, it's like #poundingsand
@jtull17 Stay strong senator, keep our Republican party unified get the job Done. Loved your interview. Dems are bat shit crazy
why don't you have a town hall so we can talk about the promises you made to your constituents?
produce by deconstruction?
Did you not have this very same promise to honor throughout the past administration's time in office?
Why now after all these years?
moslem brothers are the head of the terror snake .....dont yield to pressure..... U didnt do anything if u leave the head
stop talking and start working!!!  I keep hearing "we have an opportunity to be great".  Screw that, just BE GREAT!!
So far nothing has passed honoring anything
@africanmob1 yep and no more globalism
Productive by whose standards? Don't confuse a flurry of activity for actual progress. So far its a costly donkey show.
Too bad you're only willing to work when your guy is in charge. You spent the last 8 years screwing us to try & make Obama fail.
and the last 7 years? No opportunity to be productive because..you were pouting?
Then get it done! Get legislation on POTUS desk fot signing.
@JMurray247 You can start by supporting your President. The GOP and Congress have done nothing to support/defend his actions.
seriously?
Productive????? Doing what???? Certainly not serving Americans.  #MakeAmericaBrokeAgain
yea... it's been a month now.  What has Congress accomplished other than all this talk?!? 
he stated tax reform with a flat tax...Be specific Ted...FairTax.
- Ending #FedEd & #CommonCore are high on that list. We are watching. #GOP @gop @BetsyDeVosED @POTUS @PRyan
these are not promises I want honored. #outoftouch
honor the promise to listen to everyone, not just like minded people.
BAT CRAP CRAZY?  You who stood in front of the nation and read Dr. Seuss and cost us 24B to shut down the govt for NO REASON?
you only know what 45% of Americans want and the rest of us don't want the same.
that's bad because that's how democracy work.
?????
AMEN!!! Please do!  Counting on you!
Just do it!
GOP promises:tax breaks for the rich: no health care for poor; gut DoddFrank, eliminate state-sponsored retirement plans; pork..
Sad little suck-up.
what happened to #TermLimits ?  All talk.....
They have attacked health care, rubber stamped a violation the appointment of a known violator of the Logan Act...
In the 2016 elections, Reps lost two senate seats & were collectively out-voted by 11 million votes. Who has the mandate?
get health insurance done & mental health - lower my taxes! & get rid of drugs - these affect my family
This GOP congress will give the GOP president a lot of trouble in putting his agenda into law. Get rid of the weak GOP leaders.
high debt, repeated deployments, onerous taxes, opressive laws, killing small businesses with laws and fees,govt out of control
Senator Cruz, when you parlay your great power and the power of the GOP to only half the population, you harm half of America.
it is time for an independent counsel
man, you sure love to post you talking. How about listening for a change? #TownHall
please make them work together
You need to get your colleagues on board immediately!!!!!!!
well do it sir
promises made to a rabid minority that's drunk at the joystick - but we can call it governing if that helps you sleep.
correct, the American people. Not just Republicans or conservatives
If you had any interest in listening to the American people you'd investigate Russian influence in the White House.
way to go Ted. I met you at Rogers in Fort Worth. @realDonaldTrump  and I appreciate you very much. Many support you! Go Ted.
one of those promises was not to reduce Soc sec benefits
repeal and give the American people something worth buying into!
, which promises? You haven't been productive in years. 'Party' over country has/will hurt us all. #PresBannonInCharge


I think you mean destructive?
Repeal Obamacare
All they want to do is repeal. You'd rather devastate regular Americans in order to put more money in already full pockets.
productive = destroy constitutional rights, war on women, make rich richer, destroy planet, air, water & lands @IndivisibleTeam
What promises, specifically, are you talking about?
Everything I consider American is being destroyed b/c of the @GOP
You mean the promises made to the corporate interests that bankroll Congress, right?
We were promised MEXICO wud pay for wall. Now you wanna spend $15B of OUR $ building #fuckingwall. Lyin "Felito Bandito" Ted.
they don't want u to poison the earth
Funny how Ted Cruz seems so mild when compared to Donald.
getting very tired of hearing all the banter JUST DO IT !!!!
town hall? eeey how about a town hall? your constituents are the american people too.
The GOP is selling their souls to be able to finally push through their Republican agenda.  Be careful what you wish for.
repeal and replace. Repeal and replace. Don't, and you'll be giving congress back to democrats.
finally realized you represent the people, huh?
then challenge McConnell and move his "ace" out!!!!
Time to put up or shut up. With all due respect.
Please honor your job to represent your constituents and hold a #TownHall.
Republicans control everything and it's a complete mess so far
not going to get rid of the ACA. Another Broken campaign promise.
Go ahead destroy the earth! You'll be dead in 30 years..what do u care?
President Cruz!
Let's hope the Republicans stop bickering and get down to business otherwise we will have a lot more democrats in congress.
Admit it. Republicans are ashamed and embarrassed of what they have allowed to happen. #Shame
missed opportunities for 8 years. Failed miserably to do your job. Resign in embarrassment.
I wanted you 2B Prez. But I think you have more power now holding GOP to promises made.
You might want to check with the "American People" aka your constituents before moving forward with an agenda. #Texas78613
bbzzzz can't say honor and American people the way you are acting
I want you to honor the Constitution of the United States of America and the oath u took against enemies foreign and domestic
