As an Iranian, I believe that regime change in Iran will be to the benefit of all countries. The world must consider this change seriously
Benefit to which countries and how?
Im not asking for military intervention. I just want the world to stop appeasing mullahs so they will become weak and overthrown by Iranians
Actually, it's not possible to debate with the Russian/Iranian/Syrian propagandists. I imagine a free Iran some day, with the mullahs gone.
And how about a Jew propagandist?
Both are brutal and deceitful. So what? I don't remember when it was Saudi policy to take American diplomatic people hostage.
Saudi is not my concern all I say is that the world must stop business with the Iranian regime which oppresses and persecute its citizens
Agree, wholeheartedly.
Stop watching #FakeNews Iranians don't want to be under Mullahs rule! They want to take back their Country!
Then they should by working hard and winning elections..
Also Americans don't want to rule under antichrist Zionist rule @DrDavidDuke @realDonaldTrump
Are you seeking attention because you want to be in Medicaid? Delusional.
Its elementary to understand the difference between Jews and Zionists. And no, promoting Israel agendas does not imply a 'pro-Jewish' stance
Zionism = Jewish Nazism
How?
How do some Americans support these shenanigans by their rulers? Let countries be, don't impose your ways on others.
Unless they are Russia!!!
The US regime kills more people than Iran in their wars. Of the last approx 240 years, the US have been at war for 220. Says it all..
What about your nations behaviour? How about the millions of people the US regime has murdered in cold blood what is your thoughts on that?
We Iranians hate the Democrats and we like Trump Lilbert for the sake of honesty and recognition of the Iranian regime's terrorism.
.But, but the global community repudiates US aggression and banditry in the Middle East! Didn't you know that?  Geez!
By "global community", she means the US puppet-states!
Indeed!
Sure but you turn a blind eye to Trump's behavior and keep making excuses for him!  Regain you self respect!
Here you go threatening nations again. Poor baby Nikki can't get way!!
Maybe put your own house in order first....
Looks like Iran didn't self-disclose for your list. But US does have an inconsistent foreign policy dominated by special interests.
No1 was happier than I when U bcame the US ambassador to the UN so U can imagine how disappointed I am W/no reaction 2 new UNESCO resolution
Maybe we can send Iran & NK some of our own "presents for the 4th" and show them what real independence means & how we got it!
INTERNATIONAL LAW NEVER APPLIES TO THE US, RIGHT?
US Expands Military Footprint in #Syria to EIGHT (ILLEGAL) Bases!
You're an Israeli puppet & apologist. You'll vilify Iran b/c that's what Israel requires. We've officially given our govt 2 Russia & Israel
Not Iran but the criminal regime that brutally oppresses Iranians,loots the country & supports terror w/the hungry people's $! READ A LITTLE
I do. All I'm saying is that whatever policy she's espousing, good or bad, the motivation for it is Israel.
Nonsense! Stopping the appeasement of the regime is in the interest of the US first & foremost. The ME & rest of the world will also benefit
I hope you're right. I'm all for it.
Trust me, I am. This regime has brought nothing but misery to its citizens & Iran's neighbors.It is high time the world stopped appeasing it
"We won't turn a blind eye to the US regime’s behavior & will  work w/ the global community to enforce sanctions against them." #IRAK
Cuz U don't turn a blind eye on purposeful $audi propaganda! U just turn a blind eye on the appreciated #IranDeal & the global stance on it!
But you'll turn a blind eye to the Presidents poor behavior with his own community and let him enforce travel bans?
Iran? Evil regime? The #UnitedSnakesOfAmeriKKKa's government is a cauldron of wickedness & deceit, whose stench can be smelt WORLDWIDE!!!
And who is causing humanitarian catastrophes in Yemen? Your Wife country Saudi, why don't you start there?

Lebanon today is free of al-Qaeda. Not thanks to the US, UN or Arab League, but thanks to Hezbollah and Leb army. Congratulations Lebanon! 
As an Iranian, I lost my trust in the Islamic Republic of the Islamic Republic of Iran
To change the regime of the Islamic 
#RezaPahlavi
You have done so when convenient & not acknowledged their role in Iraq with defeating ISIS? Let's be honest this's more about your SA & US!
The American People aren't turning a blind eye to Trump's behaviour.
US just lifted sanctions
US is starting to sound like ir doesn't have a consistent policy
What is that act for?
Starting to look like Nixon!
The time of bullying and intimidating is over, Iran is a great power now,get used to it
unless its a holiday and you throw a fit about having to work I suppose
What are your allegations? #Israel #SaudiArabia are way more dangerous violators of human rights, where did u buy your fake hollow diploma?
all people are watching to what is Trump policy on this destructive mullahs terrorism and how he will end that the syrian disaster
CRIMINAL #MEK :A sect of slave-keepers, pedophiles and rapers! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7eT87Esd2s …
Dear USA, You are not the world police.  Syria, Iran, Iraq, Yemen, Afghanistan are not a threat to you.  Look after you own ppl
Neither is NK. He is grandstanding for Netanyahu.
You're a hawkish woman! #Iran has NEVER been a threat to #AmeriKKKa. US govnt undoubtedly trying to further its goal of Mid East #hegemony.
you are an absolute disgrace
You should be pleased that so many adepts of #MEK, one of the most horrific sects on earth, agree with you!
You are a hero, you care about the people of all nations thank you so much
Made me laugh!!!
 okay
How about you help get the UN out of the US Nikki. 
Maybe Nikki will be able to tell you about UN Agenda 21, Agenda 2030.. ?

Thank you! The Iranian people have been brutally oppressed by this criminal regime. Their country looted & their $$$ spent on global terror.
And at what time do we begin to forgive them?  Excuse me, but are we in America not culpable of crimes against other people?
Do not forget Venezuelan Regime DICTADOR Nicolás Maduro violating constantly Human rights everyday
They don't care! SA has no business with Venezuela! They can't start a war with Venezuela! They don't care about people, it is all about $$!
You are doing a fantastic job! We are very proud of you! Thank you for helping us be proud to be Americans again!
Your bar must be so low!!
Absolutely.  No blind eye to unacceptable behavior.  Sanctions should be applied.  Even to leaders...no matter whose foot the shoe fits.
"IRANIAN BEHAVIOR"? Did Iran ever kill 290 innocents by downing a US civilian plane flying over Am.waters & awarded its officers 4 doing it?
Yes!!! As long as we don't do it on official holidays!  Plus the weekends aren't good for me either.
think twice about Iran, which is leaning into 21st century, as we go backward to the 19th. you're over your head.
Zionist racist facist apartheid Israel also wants expansion. Global community are starting to hate your rhetoric. 
Awesome job Madam Ambassador! You represent the United States extremely well. Thank you!!
What are you doing about Saudi support for terrorism?
We the people of S.Cameroon are also pleading for your intervention to free us from  "LA république du Cameroun" please free us
The leadership of Iran has been FAR more responsible than that of "conservative" America...
Continually destabilizing global security and then cashing in on mayhem is NOT something to be proud of.
your president will sell us out next week to Putin. watch him give the compounds back. watch him soften sanctions.
The free moral society of an independent United States is not a piracy of the blind eye. You shall reap what you've sown by Glory and Power:
And what about the USA for the death and suffering on Iran since 1950 r do u not no what ur country done on them poor people ,USA terrorists
and neither will people turn a blind eye to America and the UKs crimes against humanity. We know your plans for domination.
Go Nikki!

I'm going to take your job someday. You & the rest of this bullshit regime are never going to find jobs in the US again.
How about your own regime the hood old USA 2MILLION dead in iraq ,600Kdead in syria, 
100K+ Libya, 
Afghanistan,palestine, list is endless
@nikkihaley I think time is for change in Iran forever, Iran must be free we overthrow regime in @Iran_Youth
She is Israel Nominee in UN not USA
what planet do you come from? America has killed more people then anyone over the past 70 years! Iranian passenger jet 1988...hmm...
Please bring awareness about covert domestic abuse. It's terrorism within American families...precursor to physical abuse. Illegal in U.K.
why not just install another puppet dictator over there, it worked out ok last time.  Oh, wait...
@IsraelinNewYork - Dear Nikki, You're the ONLY thing I like about the trump regime.
Thank you!
...but sell billions in arms to the Arcaic Butchers in Saudi.  #warcriminal
But turning a blind eyes on Israel's abuses. #Gaza #Palestine #HumanRights #InternationalLaw #icc #icrc #amnestyinternational #unicef
Blind eye  to your salary to your car to home do not look stupid agian in UN. And don't say anything befor I agree ok .See you in white hous
Will you turn a blind eye on rouge nation #Pakistan ? No sanction on them? Why r u turning a blind eye on atrocities against baloch people?
Glad see cuts to Un peace keeping budget
suriye, afganistan, somali, ırak halkının kanını içtiniz. vampirsiniz rezil katiller. katliamcı soykırımcısınız.
israil ve ABD savaşa şiddete harcadığı parayı barışa harcasa dünya onları çok severdi. şu halleriyel rezil pislikten başka bir şey değiller.
Great job Nikki! Really impressed!
What about your regimes behaviour?
Best person we have ever sent to the worthless UN.
Really?
Why?
Fix problems in your own house first. Spend those hard earn tax dollars at home not abroad.
Thank you for your service and wisdom. It is a joy to see someone that stands for right in the service of her country, God Bless you
Can't wait for truth to come out America and Iran friends just to keep people scared and keep wars stoked
Turn a fucking opened eye on israel's behavior and oppression in bullying palestinians and stealing their youth and land
Thank you
How dare you lie to push Israeli and @realdonaldtrump agenda. You are not competent
.#Resign 
.
Ms , Nikki , tank you for your efforts to change the regime of the mullahs in Iran .

#Rezapahlavi
درودبه خانم نیکی هیلی که بهترین مثال رابرای رژیم خمینی زدندیعنی ازضرب المثل عقرب استفاده کردند که واقعا به هیچ چیزی پای بندنیست واقعاگل گفتی
.@nikkihaley & @POTUS  Unilateral US sanctions work too. Don't delay. The rest of the world will follow if you are determined enough.
Thank you Nikki!
"I deliberately lie on Syria because love war, Christians death, and above all I hate Russia" Nikki H.
Then force sanctions against the country that america funds saudi arabi otherwise you will seem like nothing more than an unfunny joke
Kindly update America on POTUS assurance that we trash Iranian deal and get a much better one. Thank you, keep up great work 
but @nikkihaley promises to turn a blind eye to her scumbag boss. #NikkiIsAHypocrite
Thanks to Nicky Halli for standing against the fundamentalism of the Iranian regime
It has been proven in these years that interacting with this regime is a fatal mistake
The resistance is the only real alternative and legitimate
Answer all the problems of the regime's overthrow by this resistance
Be brave, Ms Ambassador
Sanctions yes Lets remember the 70's when they held hundreds of Americans for nearly 2 years. Enemies then and still today. Can't b trusted
Sanctions should be imposed on the US, the biggest threat to world peace in what should and could be a time of world unity. #WarMakesUSrich
is a blind eye to POTUS misogyny any better you were once elected I hope women never forget your lack of support
Why don't you sanction USA for their illegal invasion of Syria, iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, Egypt et al and causing havoc on civilians?
empty tough rhetoric. it's the republican way
Please stop with the lies! Iran is a democratic country that holds open elections!!!! Unlike Saudi Arabia! Whom you love to defend
How could u turn a blind eye to saudies regime in killing Yemenis' children. Shame shame shame. Try not to b cheater niki.
Lions sit in their nest with authority. And these are the scorpions that they crawl. Do not be nervous about the lion
You are now a scorpion and you were a frog in the past. Iranians have always been brave lion .
Gas Chambers used in Venezuela Intervene!!! See Video evidence!  @SOS911Venezuela
Yet your blind to Israel & Saudi Arabia's Terrorism. Just a puppet is all you are.
nothing to say about Trump's latest attacks on a woman?
Sanctions do not work with this Regine they are one step away from the bomb
Ms Haley, you are the best thing to happen to the US in a very long time. Keep up the great work!!!
GREAT WORK NIKKI
Keep up the good work.
what has been done, Sec, to reverse the damage done by the Obama admin?
just talking in air
No doubt,Iranian have been playing dirty games to disrupt whole region,there should be a some kind of check on them
But it's somehow OK to turn a blind eye to your own presidents behavior? Shame on you.
But you will turn a blind eye to Trump handing our democracy over to Putin.
We heard a lot of talks,let's see some action
How about bombing #Syrian army instead #ISIS?
Us Behavior!
#terorism 
#usa_terorism

Try not turning a blind eye to trump's regime's behavior.
Good luck. The perpetual sanctions post JCPOA only blockades the US from commerce @BoeingAirplanes
منهج  ايران الارهابي تنشره بالحديد والنار في العالم العربي والاسلامي...  ايران اليوم ايران النازية لهذا العصر ولكن بصبغة طائفية بدل العرقية
Why you say Global Community as if Everyone is into Racist Massmurder like USA, and Israel.
Israel no Doubt qualify as biggest Thief on Planet and you bring the Guns for the Killing. Your global community is Gangsta.
You not see your Failures in Iraq, Afghanistan, Palestine, Sudan, Somalia, Libya, Syria, Nigeria.........
Please never mention the president. His name will be toxic to anything you want to accomplish and above all say nothing close to praise.
What about Venezuela
Art 187-11 empowers AN "to authorize foreign military missions inside the country" http://www.cnn.com/videos/world/2017/06/28/intv-amanpour-julio-borges-venezuela.cnn …
I think you're doing an incredible job!! I see you a a very strong steadfast person. You're doing all the right and not bowing to wrong!
Amen
Thank you -- Iranian people deserve a better regime- we have a huge #FreeIran gathering in Paris tomorrow 

#BlackListIRGC now
Remind me again Mrs. @nikkihaley , how many innocent Muslims have been killed in the last 20 years due to US invasions! #muslimholocaust
US is trying to overthrow regimes and control oil and money and Iran is supporting terrorist!  What a load of crap.  You ain't foolin no one
This regime never gets tired of supporting terrorism around the world!?
All the best 
It's time for president Trump to change destructive mistakes of Obama
Ultimate goal of the Ayatollah is  to develop a nuclear missile and send it to US
The violations of IL by Iran pale in comparison to Saudi and Israel  #nohumanrights #illegaloccupation #nuclearweapons #roguestates
You're so adorable, you and your boss in DC actually think you'll change the world. Cute
You kowtow to a raunchy bully.
Don't forget the Venezuelan regime
Yes Madame Ambassador, but what about the Africa Great Lacs killer Joseph Kabila who just Massacred my ore 3350 innocens Civilian in 10month
Tom Cotton said in a June 25 report by Politico, “The policy of the United States should be regime change in Iran
which "global community". pls specify
Yes NIkkI, take action and help the Iranian ppl for a #FreeIran
Oh let me guess Nikki: "The Iranians have chemical weapons and are about to strike!! But they won't because we threatened them!!" Lol!!
Look at the state of SC. Haley left our state in bad shape. Our roads are the worst in the country. No leadership at all from her
Happy genocide in Yemen with American weapons. Go to the bathroom and flush yourself.
The honeymoon period with mullahs has ended for the Obama administration's. Now it's time 4 d #RegimeChange in Iran. @StateDept @PahlaviReza
"We won't turn a blind eye to the US regime's behavior & will work w/ the global community to enforce sanctions against them." - one day...
Mujahedin-e Khalq is the clerical Islamic 
We want the global community to support only Prince Reza Pahlavi and see the truth
#RezaPahlavi
من به عنوان ایرانی ازدست حکومت تروریستی جمهوری اسلامی جانم به لبم رسیده ازجامعه جهانی 
برای تغییر رژیم جمهوری اسلامی
#RezaPahlavi
Americans were still lungfish by the time Iran had built its 1st empire. So may be you should let Iranians to decide what regime they want?
Does the global community want to work with you? #iran
Dear Ambassador  all Iranian people hate all inhumane  warmongering actions of Iranian regime in middle east we all support you
Nio Nikki: You, the NeoCons and the Trump folk want war with Iran. They are "brown people," so you feel it's ok to kill them.
You're a bit of a joke - can't be taken seriously
A 'blind eye' is so useful.
As an #Iranian I urge US govt 2 impose more #smart sanctions on Islamic regime I support HIH #RezaPahlavi 4 #RegimeChange #Iran
We really need help in Venezuela. Criminal forces are killing innocent people in order to silence protests agains the comunism
But you will turn a blind eye to #RussianCollusion ?
Iran is calmer now.
I am so impressed with @Nikkihaley... maybe first female US president one day??
In the absence of any Hemispheric action odds are Maduro prevails with Cuban support, repression increases & Venezuela turns communist. Help
Forget Iran, what about our disastrous regime? #regimechange
You are sick liar.
Sanctions won't affect Iran. 
So many sanctions on terror outfits in Pakistan. 
India's patience is being tested. 
@realDonaldTrump
We get it. He's unpopular, under FBI investigation, desperate for a distraction. A war for oil.
Don't pretend this regime cares about Humans
But you can turn a blind eye to the coup regime of Egypt's undemocratic behavior for own people??
