hope you feel the Bern tonight
stop spreading alternative facts
ha like the boy was beaten for liking Trump and then suspended. The local system has head up ass
School Choice won't make a difference if we don't
#StopCommonCore and #StopESSA
good!  Can't wait to take that power back and beat you with it.
not surprised you're supporting the person whose family bought your campaign.
liar, you voted because she paid you, disgusting and bought
Get DeVos / big business out of education! Repeal No Child and Standardized testing. DeVos/Pearson bad for children
you know this is a lie. Rich kids/parents win in this gig, and that's all.
BULL! Stop lying to yourself! I'm a parent. My kids go to public school. Parents spoke up, our choice was #NotoDeVos
u failed to give us that choice. u failed to listen. u failed our children! #Puppet #Coward #Lies #MoneyOverMorals
and destroy public education. A sad day.
you said #yestoDeVos we say #notoCruz18 Texas told you NO you didn't listen, no seat in 2018
Stuck..why dont U move?Dont lik conservatism? MOVE. Its why States R suposed 2 b sovereign,by design..leave!
do you hve a real argument I live here I pay taxes here My child attends school here I hve rights here!
thank god
Trump for pres 2020
Wrong, this will make it extremely difficult for poor students to get a good education and enrich private companies.
to the detriment of America's Public Schools! She favors subsidies for people able to afford private schools!
You know Ms DeV's better than I do i trust the President & you. I also love the voucher idea. Time to change
You are one of those corrupt bureaucrats! You only do what your donors tell you. SELFISH JACKWAGON
Congratulations!!! Couldn't be more thrilled!
Cruz and DeVos are exemplars of corruption.
BUT at what COST????
Or you could simply relinquish your power peacefully, but you continue to stand for oppression
bull! Thnks a lot for confirming an unqualified self serving cabinet member who knows nothing about public education
This was your chance to do the right thing, not the GOP thing. Voters will remember. Read these responses, you messed up.
Ted doesn't follow his own advice from the RNC to "Vote your conscience." He votes his wallet instead.
she hasn't a clue just a couple billion dollars and a contributor to DJT.
You have lost my vote and I will be sure to contribute to your opponent's campaign next election.
Why has he or she lost your vote?
I don't want a senator that toes the party line instead of doing what is best for his constituents.
They all follow party lines.
makes no provisions for children with DISABILITIES in her preferred system! DeVos leaves that to PUBLIC SCHOOLS! WOW
Elites want CHOICES for themselves.
Elites want NO CHOICES for others.
Congratulatons, Secy DeVoss!
As a former teacher in Texas, I see you as the problem not part of the solution. Unions are optional in Texas
@562Lori @America1st2018  troll
And funnel money into unaccountable private and religious schools, leaving students in poor areas underserved.
Unprepared and UNFIT to be Sec of Education! The poor & DISABLE are not good enough for DeVos' private schools!
Remind me why we collect taxes, send it to D.C., & expect it to come back w/out strings attached? #draintheswamp
You must be joking. How much did she give your campaign? You embarrass our state every day.
America needs well funded Public Schools.
Agreed
and she'll protect us from grizzly bears too!
BWHAHAHAHAHAHA You're an idiot.
How much do Texans have to pay the Republicans in congress to actually represent us and do what is right?
I doubt this very seriously! But thank u for listening to the voters that put u there. I promise we'll remember it!
@csmatteson @BetsyDeVos
How much did your vote cost DeVos? You sold out TX kids 2day. 3rd world countries try harder than #Republicans do. #shameonyou
Your constituents are angry and will respond to your Yes On DeVos with their (lack of) votes in 2018. #DumpCruz2018 @SenTedCruz @BetsyDeVos
Never happen!  Voucher School Movement aim's to destroy Public Education; by capturing large chunk of Taxpayer $$ &
. .  and, entice the brightest students to come to their school. Hard-to-teach - - reluctant learners - - SOL!
Thank you for doing the right thing for parents and students nationwide!
you were bought & paid for.
.@SenTedCruz To defend this vote please show us the data of phone calls, emails, letters from your constituents & how they asked you to vote
his voicemail was eternally full. No transparency. Locked out constituents
so disappointed and will remember in 2018. You represent all of us, not just those with deep pockets like this lady.
'bout time for "real" hope and change
Bullshit. She will make herself richer, and still be ignorant! What a sad day for America's children... 
this is a slap in the face to public school and the dedicated teachers I work with!  Only wealthy will benefit.
Senator, So disappointed you did not listen to your constituents' concerns about DeVos.
with your vote to confirm a billionaire with no education experience and a silver spoon, you've lost my vote clown
DeVos doesn't have the leadership skills or education expertise to succeed. We demand better!
keep it up ted cruz
All decisions & cost should be local. Feds job is National security! Stop redistribution to Welfare-state!
lost my vote Ted.
.@SenTedCruz @BetsyDeVos How much did she pay you to say that?
This is a very sad day for American education. Educator should be in charge of Department of Education.
That, sir, is a load of bs, and you know it .  Good luck with your 2018 reelection.
It looks like little Ted is a big hooker ,bought by The Devos family
if YOU like her, I like her
Except that Texas schools are 43rd in the nation?  How are we going to improve that?  I don't trust the State of TX
to do right by our kids.
she will take $ away from public schools so cronies can make rent unearned profit. You only represent yourself Ted.
thats cool
because that worked out so well in Michigan. See you in 2018. Will it be Will Hurd taking your seat?
abt time parents r allowed 2 b parents  again
@VP
.
For good examples to imitate, examine Glacier High School and Flathead High School in Kalispell, Montana.
.
uh huh. You got paid how much to say this? #rememberin2018
Sen.Cruz my grandson is a special needs boy in nj . My dau fears that he won't get the help he needs w/ Ms DeVos in office.
No, you are taking power away from parents and teachers, and profiteering. Get ready to Lose Cruz in 2018.
You failed the children of Texas today.
You can count that I will be voting against you in 2018.
you could have at least gotten someone qualified. I'm ashamed of you
I am a voter in your district and will do everything possible to get you out of office.
.@SenTedCruz So disappointed in your choice to push #JebEd Global Control of Education!! Sorry I worked to get you elected Ted Cruz!
- End it! #lawless bureaucracy- #parent #majority knows how to Ed their kids
Ted, you have angered parents in TX with this vote. You will not have my $ or my vote here in TX in 2018.
can I be Surgeon General? I watched an episode of MASH once. Surely, that makes me as qualified as DeVos.
- Then why did she oppose #CommonCore repeal bills in MI against will of parents? Opposite of @POTUS pledge.
ask the parents and students of Michigan and Ohio how that's working out for them. Don't pretend you care.
#lies
Glad you believe that, because those in the public schools who teach don't. Need to get rid of Dept of Ed.
parents choice is everything!!!
