
She DOES look ravaged, like she has an extreme eating disorder/vitamin deficiency or something. No sympathy tho as I wouldn't lie like that.
You’ll need oxygen on hand to counter the overwhelming stench of treason and corruption
#RemoveNunes #TrumpCrimeFamily
How lovely to showcase racists/congressman who doesn't bother to show up at townhalls but has time to visit Assange.
Oh good! One pos wont be lonely!  The other pos's will be joining!
No Chachi?
Wow- so many deplorables in one place.
Holy crap how did you get Satan to let so many evil demons out at one time? I mean, he already lets you out every day.
nope
That's like 6 outta the worst 10 people I can think of. 7 if you count Hannity
Who would you have liked to be on ? Pelosi, HRC,  Al Sharpton, Antifa?
@Evan_McMullin @SenAngusKing @SenThomTillis  @SenatorCollins 

Would all be people who's opinions I'd appreciate on any matter.

Wow, a real rogues gallery of right wing lunatics. I think I'll pass. You all enjoy your circular love fest and delusions, mmmkay?
Go #SeanHannity
Wagon-circling drill tonight.
What a collection of losers on Hannity!
do you believe the gov. is manufacturing a civil war in the us? seriously.
This is gonna be good!
What a clown car this is!
Has Satan called for his followers. 
Sure if you guys see actual news but wanted to share this!
Source to Politico: "Mueller's team and Schneiderman's have collected evidence on financial crimes, including potential money laundering." https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/903038570809712641 …
I think we need to find Hannity a safe space ahead of time. Preferably with padded walls for when the s*** inevitably hits the fan.
Silver hill?
How would that work though if he needs to be questioned by Mueller?
Woo hoo... all the pillars of society!!  No thank you!
So tonight's #Hannity will be EXTRA lie-prone. Got it, appreciate the heads up. 
Why do you continue to bow to these liberals?
A true #BasketOfDeplorables
Wow maybe you can find a box filled with shit to round out the group
Another group of liars and sleazebags.
All losers just like you, sean
Nightmare on Fox Street.  OMG!  I'll have bad dreams for sure after reading about the lineup.
 @KellyannePolls !! 
And here's a trick question, who bashed reagans tax policy. Take your time, I'll wait!

5 additional reasons not to watch!
What's the political equivalent of "Gathering of the Juggalos"?
Why - #Muslim44 did more harm than good to this Country
Let's see, uh, watch you and your band of neo-fascists OR put hot tar on my roof? I think I'm going up to the roof.
If Tomi does a segment with @jessebwatters, would it look like an episode of Watters World?
Were Charles Manson, Hitler and Satan unavailable?
@RepDevinNunes look at that your boy @SebGorka is going to be on #$H!theadHideous tonight will you be watching?
That is the ugliest group of names I've ever seen. Nazis, gun freaks, lying bleached blondes and an irrelevant ex newsman.
Awesome opening Monologue!!'
Great 
holy shit all in the same place... satan would be proud
#FireHannity!
86% are from WHERE?!?!
Jesus Christ. Is the Joker going to be there as well? #roguesgallery #villains
A show filled with idiots
Sweet. I won't be watching, for the 11,765 night in a row. Cheers!
Hmmm....but you have time to tweet ugly things to someone you don't watch or follow.
Uhh Avengers who? Lol Guess I can save my 7.50 because the worlds greatest heros are on the small screen tonight! Go Sean its your birth day
happy birthday sean
Stand up panel

@sebgorka should be in jail

It's like GOP Heaven up in that MF!
Tune in if you've ever wanted to go to a trash juice convention

Why are only 1% of children taken being placed with their own family members?!
did not know that its trash collecting day!
This is the shittiest lineup of shitty people in the entire history of shitty TV.

Holy shit like some sort of joke: " how many deplorables can you fit in a fake news commentators studio"
Fox is the go to station for NeoNazis since 1996.
You forgot this Nazi.
Yikes. Well at least Make-Up and Hair got some major overtime pay. 
The people are like someone that has lost a loved one. They don't need someone to cry with them. They need a rock and leader.
Please get body guards
So sad when someone who could have been talented and useful is scraping the drags of the floor literally. This is your debut???? #suchawaste
We love you Sean!  You, FOX, and OAN are all that stands between normalcy and total anarchy.
Pls. Sean, give us a break with Geraldo Rivera! He's a jerk! When he is on, I change the channel!
Too bad Hitler couldn't make it.


Holy $4it a smorgasbord of schlock
Exactly why no one will be watching.
In a nutshell "why you are bad for America". Garbage people, spewing bullshit.

A Rouges Gallery if ever there was one
Can there be a more reprehensible lineup of scum and villainy?
How are all those people going to fit in the same room as Gorka's head? Vitezi Rend magic?
Dana rohrabacher has the truth. Let's hope he doesn't get the 
#sethrich flu. 99% sure no collusion.Time get rid of Mueller
never warranted
Geezus
Fuck Sean
Ah...no thanks.
Oh god that sounds horrible.
Could this line up be any more despicable?
Yeah his human stripper pole Trump could be there too but they'd have to peel Handjobbity off of him first.
Krissysmomma2 for the win!! 

Traitorpalooza!
RT @realDonaldTrump WE need YOU to do less talking & do more ACTION: #1. #ArrestSoros #2. Drain #DeepState #3. #FullRepeal #4. Ban M.B./CAIR
It's a Russian propaganda party!
I'll take "Groups of people who are generally pissed off in life & were slighted by Pres Obama somehow" for $200 Alex.
the aristocrats
Kelly no credibility Anne and Ted Cruz who sucks up to a man who doesn't respect  his father and wife.... can't you get better people???
Didn't know American Horror Sorry: Freak Show was back. 
Decepticons! Transform and rise up  to form "The Discriminator"!
That is a true American brain trust.
Didn't  Meet with any Victims. He made it a rally to sell he's hat for $40.00   @jaketapper @JoyAnnReid @maddow @CNN
@TheRickWilson @davidaxelrod @realDonaldTrump @funder @angela_rye @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr @tedlieu @RepMaxineWaters @CharlesMBlow
How many racist birther liars can you get on one show! Yea Dijon mustard scandals!!!!! Wooohoooo KKK SUPPORTERS!

And after the show ends I will speak the incantation that sends them back to their dark places where they wait until the next summoning.
Good heavens!  Thanks for the warning!
Truly an all star ensemble. 
OMG
Tune into Rachel Maddow instead, MSNBC. YOU WILL BE HAPPY YOU DID.
Same group of lowlifes.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD WATCH AND LEARN SOMETHING! EDUCATE YOURSELF INSTEAD OF BEING STUPID? COULDN'T HURT... GET A DIFFERENT VIEW - THE CORRECT 1!
How would that be possible, majority of them are liars, and having Gorka on is the worst yet. Not interested in listening to all their BS
I'll be watching...
Must miss!
New hair doue.
Wooo hooo I'll be there 
An immoral woman, a failed presidential candidate, some Nazis, and Tammy! What a show!
Pretty sure @seanhannity self identifies as an immoral man. #foxistheliteralworstposever
What? You didn't invite Voldemort? He's gonna be pissed.
Tonight, I'll be joined by anal warts, an infected wound, broken shards of glass, and one of Donald Trump's wet and overloaded Depends...


Thanks all of you! A great night, good coverage!
Tonight on #Hannity I'm joined by complete idiots!  - fixed
So who's guest anchoring RT if they are all on your show?
The usual Deplorables
Wow a regular schmorgazborg of ass hats and liars. Congrats on worst guest list of all time!
That's quite a basket of swipe left.
Oh, all the losers!
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/08/30/manafort-mueller-probe-attorney-general-242191 … wow #CrookedTrump @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr @RepAdamSchiff @TheRickWilson @jaketapper @tedlieu @EricTrump @CNN
Like U
What a fucking circus.
Invite Putin and tell him to bring the Vodka.
Wow! What a downer! Losers, all!
You lose a bet or something Hannity?
That's quite a party of disgusting people.
A bunch of lunatics on tv. Fox needs to go!
All the trash in one glad bag.  Yay
A stop over on all of your way to hell?
We hate Geraldo Rivera! Please stop letting him on your show. I record all your shows but when he comes on I just want to delete it!
What a deplorable group of con artists
Wow a sea of liars. have fun
Cabal of halfwits
Tonight on fox. 1. Benghazi. 2. Clinton 3. Emails.
Wow! A show full of losers!
Gross.
I want to know what Assange told Roharbacher. Has Rohrabacher told the President yet?
Does your producer honestly think this is a good idea?  Motley Crew.
We knew Russia collusion was a crock of crap. The rabid delusional left sucking up every lie. No party, no platform. Trump 2020
Do they all arrive in one car?
North Korea, now’s your chance.
Seeing Trump entourage, I miss Cruz more and more
Terrible crew full of liars, duplicitousness, traitors, nazis, racist millennial and Geraldo
Too many liars. Cruz & Russia Rep Dana will support cutting $1 billion from disaster accounts to help finance the president’s border wall.
That many wankers in one room, well it's as a rare as a total eclipse... oh we had that too??
A group like this wow. #batshitcrazy at its best. This could be the best drinking game ever. Every lie drink a shot. Wont make it 2 first ad
OMG all the trolls in one line-up. Wow!
I can't even imagine a more horrible set of people!  Good grief. LOL
If there was ever a time for a gas leak...
The Cadre of Crazy is incredible. Run away @SenTedCruz!
Wow that is the biggest group of clowns I have seen on one show in a long time!
Wow.... what line up of jackasses.
Plus Beelzebub, Charles Manson, and Hitler's ghost. You won't want to miss it!
Special guest appearances by the ghosts of Hitler and Idi Amin!
Sounds like a fun night!  Can't wait to hear from @SebGorka !
You rock
Russia approves!
Please ask @DanaRohrabacher why he thinks there's a recent civilization on Mars.

Also, please stop lying about everything all the time.
What a shit storm that will be!
God please send comet!

Tonight on #Hannity I'm joined by Orly Taitz, a Doberman Pinscher, Sam Donaldson's toupée, wide-stander Larry Craig, Ann Coulter & Charo.
ALL THE GUILTY IN ONE PLACE.  How convenient
how much $$ did you all donate to #HarveyRelief or is that just mo fake news 2 yooz
Fair & balanced, right? 
Question of Day - Will Propagandist Hannity call out Ted Cruz over BS no vote on Sandy Bill? Alaskan Fisheries damaged in different storm.
How can you idiots even stand each other?
Red Alert: Ted Cruz is STILL LYING TO MEDIA THAT SANDY RELIEF BILL WAS FILLED WITH PORK. He is a pathological Liar! TEXAS WAKE UP!
Pictured: more
Wow. How much stupid can you fit into one show? 
Liars, alternative facts and racists! Hmm you consider that a great show? Bar is set very low!!!)
Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.Hello.
Please respect my vote for my President Trump and Together Let's Make America Greater than ever before
Circus afro
Could be the most astoundingly awful group ever assembled on one program. All you need is Ann Coulter & Stephen Miller to raise the dead.
KellyAnne liar ,lying Ted,Gorka the nutjob, Geraldo just needs a job and Tomi still on my parents insurance but I hate the ACA. Wow
That's one hell of a crazy train.
