The spending bill passed by the House yesterday is a missed opportunity. http://bit.ly/2p1r3QX  
Actually, we didn't.  Putin Russia successfully interfered with our election.  It was stolen from Hillary.  Just fix ACA.
So, fix it!
gop controls the house,senate,presidency,and most state govmts, yet we continue to cave to the left. Midterm will be interesting
Needs to be vetoed
I had respect for you when you ran for President.  Now, you are colluding with this "ConMan"
insurane should not be for routine health care. I don't bill my auto insurance to replace a sparkplug or water pump
talk to your republican friends they control House, get real Ted @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc
Please vote no.
Rip it up in the Senate!
Go Ted!
Priorities such as how to get more money to the one per cent. How to stop poor from voting. How to wreck healthcare so rich can benefit.
I think you meant funding your pockets.  That's what the GOP represents. #bigots
Big government protects from pawns like the GOP who make every effort to enrich the pocketbooks of the wealthy.
Send Dems to the dumpster behind McDonald's in September.
You plan to gut everything that makes America America. #trumpRussia
Oh hush
It seems doubtful that all citizens do not believe that money is running out.
Thank you Senator for dropping a plum line for true Conservatism verses the #DCCartels counterfeit.
Keep your eyes  on the prize
Exactly. Thank you Senator Cruz!

you should be doing your job and protecting your constituents instead of trying to further your "career".
The wall is big government even though tunnels are being built to come to USA
Sir, GOP has control of House, Senate & WH. You literally have full control. Why are you even passing a budget you don't agree with?
Amen!
can somebody tell the @POTUS that? The politician swamp is still full of slithering snakes..
#progressives #liberals r dangerous
Get Ryan out of there and you will see progress
You need to be exposing the K-Street/Lobbyist Corruption that continues to hurt Americans, and empower/enrich politicians.
Well said!
Like the extra money for congress
Thank You Senator keep holding the line Texans got your back!
I  wish you were Speaker of the House. With you supporting Trump's policies, you'd be unstoppable.
Stop whining and start doing then! Call them out and drain the damn swamp!
Ha Ted, there will a lot of people looking jobs after the next election. Democrats and Republicans.
There seem to be few that truly believe that. This, I can't support either party.
Vote NO to AHCA! This bill will cost you votes if it passes! Republicans have pre existing conditions too ya know!
@SenTedCruz U R so right. We have ZERO leadership in @SenateGOP OR @HouseGOP Always caving to DEMS. Let's stop USA downfallREVOKE FILIB rule
What are these priorities?  Not Healthcare for Americans?
And you should stop talking.
#LoseCruz2018
#CantbruisetheCruz2018
You should be taking care of all Americans not just those who give your campaign money
Senator Cruz, do you support providing aid to Israel?  Israel provides state funded abortion.  If you support aid, then you support abortion
that is using your/@GOP logic that funds are fungible.  IE. Israel cant separate aid we provide them from abortion.  are you a hypocrite?
Then do something about it Senator. Republicans need to learn how to govern.
Unfortunately, our priorities are not the Ryan-McConnell Giant Tyrannical Government priorities 
So r u gonna vote for this #POS  bill?
yes, Republican priorities of tax breaks for the rich at the expense of everyone/everything else. Party and campaign donations over Country.
Yes, that is true, which is why we really needed YOU n the White House, instead of another RINO!  Trump appears 2 b the Great Golden RINO!
Too late to VETO?
This healthcare plan is. Joke. Vote no.

