Unlike lying Ted most Americans see when their country men are in need. He crapped all over NY and NJ in their hour of need.
Oh, so because King said it, it must be true . Pull you head out of your arse and read the flipping bill, unless reading is too much effort
Your obsession with asses is cute. A big-government liberal is a conservative who has been flooded.
More inane comments. Either you haven't bothered to read the bill bc you know I'm right, or you have & I'm right- either way I've won. Ciao
Awesome bearded lady take a bow. isn't this the State that has threatened to cede from the U.S now begging for federal  money? Lying Ted
Natural Disaster declared, but I see Texans helping Texans & asking for help of anybody w/ a boat. Nice try. Lion Ted is in Houston helping.
Federal aid $$ for me.  None for thee.  Right Ted???
Government has no administrative costs and shouldn't have pet projects attached to a natural disaster.
I'm guessing you didn't read the bill either and you're just repeating Teds talking points.   https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/08/29/ted-cruzs-claim-that-two-thirds-of-the-hurricane-sandy-bill-had-nothing-to-do-with-sandy/ …
I did. Congressman and the WAPO trying to justify money for Gitmo, new cars for DOJ, Kennedy space center. But this is the best
At least you supported federal help for NY/NJ for Hurricane Sandy.

Wait a second, no you didn't.
Cruz voted against a pork laden bill that funded pet projects along with Sandy funding. Cut the pork.
Hopefully Rafael will do the same to Texas, claim the relief is "pork". Sad!
Really? Can you put aside your political hate for a few days? You've become part of the problem, & you are why the Ds lost.
the Ds lost because idiots believed Trump would somehow become Presidential.  Also the outdated electoral college negated millions of votes
Awwww, poor baby. Y'all said the same thing when Gore lost, yet, you did nothing to change the system.
As you should and they should get. Way hypocritical of you, though, bc you were against Hurricane Sandy relief.... you are the worst.
Socialism is ok now? What about hurricane Sandy? Prayers and aid for people of Texas. (Even if their Senator s a piece of .)
I see every LWNJ is LYING about Teds vote on Sandy Relief, he was against money in bill not for relief, was fine with relief money
And yes, we as taxpayers will provide this needed assistance & relief funding, just like you voted NO to after Sandy.  #shoeonotherfootnow
I'm happy to send my taxes your way, despite your denying aid and funding to so many.
Immigrants are you arresting them from their roofs ?
hopefully
then why did you vote NO on Sandy relief?
Super storm, not a hurricane. Different category was the issue not the aid.

Thank you Senator for your wisdom. Thank our Lord Jesus
Thank you so much Senator Cruz. Heartfelt prayers & wishing  the best for every single Texan. God Bless!
Won't the free markets fix this ?
what do you think built all those boats, trucks, and helicopters??

Thank you Senator!
Read uninformed people.
Taxpayers across the US are happy to help out Texas. Now help us out w Trump the "pathological liar"  #Unfit
Cruz voted against aid for Sandy victims 
Then Lied about why today 
Claimed too much pork in Bill
There was none 
VOTE CRUZ OUT
ANY MONEY FOR WALL IS DE FACTO, LESS MONEY FOR STORM AID!! Tell people to  build a tent next to the Wall, they don't need housing!
Trump won't do anything but take all the credit like everything else. It's the sad truth!
I don't understand why people want to turn this into a political debate. I am in Houston and praying I don't have to evacuate. Lighten up!
Yet, you voted against money for Sandy Hook...such a fake....
Preach it, brother!
Remember your Vote for Sandy Aid?
Maybe do some fact checking first.  There was no actual vote for denying Sandy aid. There were votes on areas where the spending was wasted
Socialism through government funds doesn't look that bad this morning now does it @SenTedCruz @FoxNews
Speak English much?
Hope u  treat Texans like  the sandy people got treated u rt wing bum #fakefoxnews

Here's the vote for Sandy aid. 179 of the 180 no votes were Republicans. I count at least 20 Texas Republicans. 

http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2013/roll023.xml … 
Remember when you denied aid to New Jersey after Sandy.  Jerk.
Don't forget about the big commercial sightseeing airboats
