1.What I see missing is the same health care would apply to everyone, including all government officials and staff.
2.Every law, everything that applies to the every man should apply to every American citizen.
3.Anyone who is not a legal citizen should not receive any benefits. Period!
IDIOT!
This is sick!
Increasing HSA what is that going to do, we already have a HSA my husbands work gives him and at the end of the year we pay taxes on it .
CBO 16 mill uninsured premiums up 20%
NOT my responsibility to insure them! Can't afford increased premiums, lover coverage, medical debt so they can make me subsidize others.
Glad to hear you will never take a dime from Medicare or Social Security
If you worked and paid into social security, you should get you money back. That was the deal. Medicare... Not so much.
Majority receiving SS benefits get out significantly more than they put in, even acctingg for inflation
Hello. And those that put in get significantly less than they put in.
If I understand you correctly (plz tell me wrong) you are saying that anyone putting into SS Receives less in benefits than they orig put?
Repeal of mandate is step backwards. Millions more will go without health care. Incumbents will be VOTED OUT OF OFFICE for poor results!
Stop gaslighting people: Premiums will only increase if you and your party keep sabotaging the ACA. Does lying ever get old to you.
Democrat healthcare has been a horrible failure for my family. Filled with @BarackObama lies.
I'm sorry you think that. Premiums increasing  and issuers dropping out are a direct result of GOP legislation efforts starting in 2013
Nonsense. Socialism always fails sooner or later. The stubborn laws of mathematics r stacked against it. #obamacare is #Socialism. TRUTH!
Gov has zero constitutional authority to be involved in healthcare. Anything less than full repeal of ACA is unacceptable
Increasing HSA won't help. My husbands work give 1000.00 toward HSA and we have to pay the taxes at end of year plus taxes on interest
Someone has our back
Wish you all could've won. Oh well, Obamacare will crash and burn on its own!
Read the constitution. Selling insurance isn't there
Thank you @SenTedCruz for your vote - keeping your promises to Texans and the  American people
You aren't telling people that they have to spend all that HSA account by the end of the year. It does not roll over
lost my healthcare for the second time. Once upon a time I had a plan I liked I could afford. People losing Medicid welfare - don't care.
Time for your empty rhetoric to go away.
I promise we are not going to stop until you & Cornyn are repealed and replaced
It is SAD to see our GOP Leaders who DO NOT support our President agenda nor the great people of this country who voted for him! SAD
The secrecy from @SenMajLdr about what was in the bill is its death bed. If people have to guess - no support from congress/ppl
As a constituent, Thank you for all your hard word honoring our wishes! Please continue to stand strong against  Dems! #noinsurancebailouts
Your amendments huh? Can we bow down while standing or must we kneel before you? #publicservant
you better start running Libertarian otherwise I cant vote for you I am done wasting votes on shit bag republicans same as demorats
If it's good for middle class it will probably be rejected be your despicable colleagues who told REPEAL lie for years!
Keep trying Senator please
Ted, do you ever get tired of losing? You're a loser, Ted.
What good are your amendments if you guys can't get together to Repeal and Replace
Wow, you lost again. It must feel terrible to know your ideas are worthless to your own party. You should be used to it!
Here we are 6 mo in. THIS #russiaSANCTIONS bill will TRULY SHOW where @realDonaldTrump 's loyalties are.

He'll veto.

He's a RUSSIAN SPY.
It is up to the GOP to create a healthcare plan that appeals to America.  Trumpcare wasn't it.  Get a plan or resign.

Global Food Safety#ToxicHorseMeat=#BIOTERRORISMWe Want YOU to Support the SAFEAct #HR113
BRAVO SENATOR!
You need to be investigated for your dad's involvement in the assassination of our beloved JFK. #FailureFriday
We will remember how you voted when we vote!
Haha, bill was killed.
You did all you could do, we were so close but the traitor that is join McCAin killed it for all of us.
The cost of life substanding such insulin.  What use to cost nearly nothing to make now costs hundreds or thousands to purchase. #endgreed
@POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS @POTUS
Test these out on yourself first senator.
So now we are stuck with Obama/McCain care?
Great ideas @SenTedCruz . Unfortunately many of your colleagues choose to ignore what will work.
Sorry it didnt go through!
Looooooooooser
How will raising the limits on HSAs help those who can't afford them in the first place?
How about putting forth bill that calls 4 mandatory 20+yrs prison term 4 leaking of classified information by ANYONE regardless of position!
Intro a bill where Congress is MANDATED to be on Obamacare already. Prob never get out of committee. But it would work!
@SenTedCruz please keep fighting the fight for our healthcare
It is about time someone stood up to the status quo of the GOP and it was a "REAL" hero, not a deceptive Senator who pretends he's religious
GOP Congress spent 7 years complaining/lying but ultimately they had nothing. Now, trying to pass a bill to pass a bill. Failure...
Buck the insurance companies and their big$$ and shoot for competition across state lines Senator!
Did you even know what you voted on?
Ted Cruz for Supreme Court
You all need to get your shit together! This is a damn embarrassment to all conservatives! You all can't get anything passed!
Thx for trying! Can't imagine working with such hypocrites...
Introduce a bill saying congress has to use whatever healthcare we get. Do that and I'll vote for you.
Obamacare is destroying the middle class. You guys don't know what you are doing.
Ted just vote no. Stop listening to Jeff Roe and his people because they are hurting your political career.
The ACA SUCKS PEOPLE AND THE REPUBLICANS CAN'T AGREE ON ANY GOOD SOLUTION. KEEP GOVT OUT OF HC. @SENATEGOP @HOUSEGOP
Sounds good to me but unfortunately I'm not a senator
Dying in small town USA.  Premiums to high. Deductibles to high. No choices. Dr. care bad. 15 min visits Pain killers with no no treatment
Nothing passed did it? Pathetic.Too bad. Great ideas from yourself and @RandPaul. Republican voters are very angry with @senategop @housegop
Only 10 mil covered, few insurances in the exchange, obamacare is dead, let dems take ownership of this failure. They refuse to work with us
This so called "repeal" was a raw deal for Texas and yet you backed it anyways. You work for Texas. Not yourself.
@SenCapito How about this
Just love that you all did this in the dark of night!!! What a team! !
How about adding a bill where they must live under Obamacare. Congress exempted themselves
We have people in the Senate who need to be term limited
You voted tonight to take away healthcare from 1.75 million Texans. We'll remember this next year. This and many other things. #gonein2018
Thank you, Senator Cruz.
You are an embarrassment to the last name.
@SenJohnMcCain Thank you, thank you, thank you, Senator McCain! A Republican with a conscience! We won't forget this! <3
How does it feel to carry water for a guy who insulted your wife and father and still lose
GOP shld hv opened up a plan t/reform entire flawed h/c sys that's based on indivl grp mrkt. Make it state-based t/create economies of scale
YOU cruz are TRULY DISGUSTING
Where is your amendment to end congressional exemption of ACA? If you are a servant of the people then live with what we live with!
People look at u and wonder how u can kiss TRUMP's butt Ayer what he said about your family! Trump over family. Shameful
#GOP had SEVEN YEARS to come up with a plan.  You had NOTHING!
They had a full plan, but seven  Senators were too chickenshit to vote for a full repeal.
Thank u Ted - Ur SUPERB Senator! #WeWorkingAmerica were SQUASHED by #BHO & @GOP @SenateGOP & @SenJohnMcCain LIAR THIEVES PERSECUTE us STILL!
How about limiting excessive pay and bonuses for executives?! And how about Congress and it's staff have the same health care we do!
How do you know that #McCains #braincancer did not cloud his judgement?
I didnt vote 4 Obama, I dont think Obamacare is perfect but if you think 4 1 second Trumpcare was better, you are wrong. Relieved it failed!
US citizens r frustrated w/ego driven desire to repeal as opposed 2 bipartisan effort to fix #WorkForPeopleNotEgo #DoTheRightThing
Do you think in your wildest dreams that the Dems will "work together"? That is not going to happen. They want it to stay in its entirety.
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain  2.  "thank you John McCain" over and over. Humiliating! All Repubs need to call them out!
PIG IN A POKE!
Stop your crowing. You need to cover Americans more cheaply. Negotiate with big pharma. Cut costs. Call Australia, 50%cheaper.
I sit here in tears! I feel so betrayed! How could you do this to us! Do you hear what they call us!   Do you realize what WE'VE SACRIFICED!
The 3 Traitors must be called out each and every day!  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  People outside chanting ......  1

Funny...NOT  Homeless not our problem!  You can't take care of all the poor! Obamacare will die shortly due to MEDICAID!  Too much!
I like a LOT of your ideas on health insurance; work together with all the other senators to fix the current plan; not gut it w/o new one

Watching you now on @FoxNews  at 2:11am, I am SO MAD! The 3 Traitors that have been RINOs, Dems the whole time! They Screwed over America!
Quite a few republicans are gonna lose their seat because they voted FOR this crap!!
The American people won. Yay.
No damn recess period for the senate or house.
Still don't get it! What part of how people feel about keeping their healthcare can't you understand? The ACA is fixable!
Bring all the dirt on McCain NOW. Run this traitor back to his grave.
What are you going to do now that 3 (R) Senators voted against the repeal of Obamacare?
Rail against it on Fox News then come up with another scheme to make a fool of himself and the GOP in front of the rest of the nation.
So much 4 that cant even pass a skinny whatever #wolvesinsheepsclothing #NeverTrumpers #draintheswamp  #TermLimits  #MAGA
What the hell is wrong with Republicans who have the house, senate and presidency and fail at repeal after 7 yrs?  John McCain is a coward.
No recess
Thank you-these sound like real reform
Thank you @SenTedCruz you add sanity to @GOP maybe Free Mkt is not dead. #MAGA @realDonaldTrump @VP @CR @marklevinshow @seanhannity
Make sure y'all mandate it that y'all have to go on it too!We the people r tired of being lied 2 for our votes!
ALL AMERICANS CAN SEE IT ON C-SPAN 2.
You all don't need insurance! We the tax payers pay for yours! No insurance for senate or congress!!!!
When he says all he means the "people" in the constitution. White male property owners. So it's cool.
ARE YOU STILL WANTING TO BAIL OUT THE INSURANCE COMPANIES?
So, you mean like ultra-ObamaCare. 
You all need to stop this infighting and get this done for us, the suffering American people.  No one will get everything they want. ACT NOW
Please don't sign this skinny bill.
You talk a lot shit Cruz, but that's all it is
@TheChuckNellis Who paid for fake Russian, fusion dossier on trump? We need to know
Ted, just shut up and go away. No one listens to u any more. Lost respect. Beto for Texas 2018!
Nobody listens to him?  Not so. Ted, we love you. Keep up the good fight.
Wait until you begin seeing our ads, we've made one especially for you during the recess hope you enjoy!
Can you introduce the Cruz Amendment that would allow for consumer choice?
Way to go tiger!  Your middle name is healthcare!  Your like a real doctor..how long before someone else has to fix your mess?
You have become a standup guy-keep support strong for POTUS & continue your fight for us middle class http://seniors.Healthcare  is a struggle
The only answer is repeal. Obamacare didn't work. Get over it.
Nope full repeal
YOU SUCK. BETO OROURKE FOR SENATE!
You're lower premiums are like our new Texans rights to openly carry machetes Now gang members can legally carry machetes.TedHelp us please
@tedlieu This one is for you #DouchieLieu
Wasn't the promise to repeal?
Keep drinking the kool aid, yes or no you will be wrong
I respect you Ted. Hell, I voted for you in the primaries. The rest of your party sucks.
Are these "poison pill" amendments again Ted?
Yes! 100% support these amendments
Please vote no to all of this mess. #TrumpCare #TaxCutsForRichDicks #DeathBill
#FullRepeal 
Stop gov run HC. No more taxpayer $ to insurance companies, no more punishing the working class by making them pay for everyone
Need ideas @RMConservative has laid out.
Make hospitals/docs post prices.
I just want repeal and gov out of healthcare.
Thank you!!

@SenateGOP pass all of these
Why would anyone trust or believe you?
Let's call the #SkinnyRepeal what it is: a giant tax cut for the rich at the expense of health care for 16 million Americans. Disgraceful.
Obamacare doesn't provide healthcare for millions. It didn't work
Whatever and the GOP a much better bill right
Ted we love you keep fighting!
Good luck Senator! 
Appreciate everything you do for US. Hope your amendments are adopted. We need these improvements to the bill.
This bill is an embarrassment. Only total repeal and replacement and eliminating government influence will fix health care coverage.
Let me guess. They involve endorsing the sale of junk policies targeting the marginalised families don't they?
If you mean policies that force men to pay for paps and maternity coverage, that would be what we have now.
Actually no. I mean the policies which would lead many to believe they are protected only to discover that they are not. See the difference?
Great now we can be free to buy sub-prime insurance. #LyinTed

Not exactly a "repeal".  WE DONT WANT FED CONTROL OF HEALTHCARE
I like it! Hope some will pass! All amendments you proposed get my vote!
Stop lying to your constituents! Premiums will skyrocket! This is NOT what we want  Your amendment is awful! We will hold you accountable.
You have no idea what you're doing, and we know that.
CORRUPT! TED CRUZ! TRAITOR! HEALTHCARE KILLER! 
Why are you afraid to take questions? It's because your constituents HATE THIS BILL and know you are voting 16M Americans / Veterans off hc
I don't understand why you're having to introduce amendments to something the federal government has no business being involved in.
THIS EVENING?! Well. I'm sure everyone can digest your hastily cobbled together language & trust that it lowers premiums despite CBO
Liar
Liar!
I'm still waiting for obamacare to be REPEALED!
#FullRepeal
All a bunch of failures.
Thank you for all your hard work
Watch your vote!
I'm sure @commentiquette will have something to say about this.
How many of 16 million people losing healthcare are you adopting? What address would you like us to use for the increased premium billing?
Premiums aren't the problem, deductibles and cost of care are.
My premium would have been over $1800 - that's a problem.

Nope
Good luck Senator Cruz.  You are about the only Senator up there I trust.  Keep pushing.
How about an Amendment to Repeal every damn lying word of #ACA?!
Making us pay for our medical expenses through hsa doesn't really help. #savehealthcare #UniversalHealthCare
30% discount.
#TaxPayersMatter We are underwater here in Arizona.... HELP..
.
Get it passed Senator!!! Tell your colleagues to join you or be voted out!!!
Do you have the capability of telling the truth?  Your bill will crush millions of Americans.  And costs will go up, not down.  Stop lying.
A debit system REPLACES insurance and ends practical indentured servitude for those trapped in jobs by linkage between job and insurance
ok
Amendment 415=lie. Someone who makes 25K can't afford to put 11k into an HSA, eat and pay bills. Been there done that. Bad idea.
Someone that low is Medicaid.
Not in KY... you have to make less than 16k as an individual or 22k as a family of 2 to qualify for Medicaid.
