Because their hearts are so hardened I pray that the Lord soften their hearts and the right decisions will prevail in Jesus' name. Amen!
Jesus never rejected the poor or sick. Read your Bible.  Don't pick and choose only the parts you like.
THEY ARE NOT POOR, OR REFUGEES. hand picked!  Heads on a swivel.
Well he shouldn't have a vacancy to fill.  He's filling a position that is rightfully Garlands...a man you could say the same thing about
it's not "rightfully" anyones
THE DEMS ARE DESTROYING THEIR OWN PARTY ON A DAILY BASIS !
way to go All this monkeying around tells us that it's all about politics and I hope they all lose their seat.
perhaps we should have afforded Garland the same consideration #BetoforTexas2018
no
Ted Cruiz you are amazing.  Thank you for your service!
This guy could be a very god allay of our president.
AWESOME
well said Ted !
That was excellent Ted...
And no words spoken about Garland at all b/c you didn't do your damn job and hold hearings.
their job is also to refuse. They did their job
I'm sorry, but could you elaborate? I'm not sure who you are referring to as "they." (Twitter can be confusing sometimes...)
@elvisinoregon @senjudiciary #MAGA #JudgeNeilGorsuch
You ask what has changed since his last nomination? Merrick Garland that's what. You stole that seat. #WeObject
the seat was NEVER Garlands.
Just vote and show how @TheDemocrats are fake and corrupt
Obviously the Demos do not care about Gorsuch, they are obstructionist! They want to take Trump down!
Do what it takes to get Gorsuch confirmed, Senator. TrumpTrain stands with you, God bless!
Trump and God in the same sentence?  You fool.
Who r you to judge who is with God or not. Do you also teach your grandchildren to judge others? Shame on you! God bless @POTUS
the Demos are just still "ticked" they lost the election! It was because their candidate is a loser!!
spoken like a true educated ass hat
@danaceballos8 @senjudiciary
A decade is a VERY long time, in anyone's life. It's also why they say "A week is a long time in politics"@senjudiciary #Garland
@chowdallas @senjudiciary GO TED CRUZ
Blumenthal lied about combat in Vietnam.  He never went to Nam.Was combat at some bar?Why should he judge Gorsuch?
what has changed is Merrit Garland did NOT even get a Hearing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow Ted. Thank you. Why do people ignore pure fact.#wednesdaywisdom #ConservativeStong
logic has no place when dealing with left wing nut jobs...
@primo7phil @senjudiciary QUIT BLOVIATING AND CONFIRM THIS MAN!! STOP wasting MY tax dollars with endless speeches. STOP!
You lie! The people wanted hearings in Merrick Garland but Republicans were afraid he'd be confirmed.
The people? You mean the democrats
No ~ I mean the people
again to all the whiners, as Obama put it  elections have consequences. Hillary offered nothing
Hillary was a liar cheater and a murderer and that is why she lost !
if she really murdered people...pretty sure she'd have killed Donald trump. Grow up.
Think we should honor the 14 month waiting period you put in place
BRAVO
What changed? Trump won, and they will do everything in their power to spite him. They can't handle losing.
Bravo Senator Cruz, so much hypocresy
no time for hypocritical grandstanding Ted, remember the treatment of the exceptional Merritt Garland
@COT1TK @senjudiciary it's Merrick Garland's seat. GFY Cruz
Democrats or like muslims if you don't agree with them they want to destroy you no difference taking advantage
Senador This Demócratas Only They No' is Destroying out Democratic way Of Living
. Thats because Dems are two faced
man have times changed
Still waiting for the hearing on Garland. Then we can talk about Gorsuch.
just like Merrick Garland eh ? @SenateDems @SenateGOP #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump
You are so solid in your politics Sen. Cruz.  Next time you run for President, no bad acting.  Be yourself.
.@SenTedCruz @senjudiciary two decades ago I got a driver license. Yet today I can't be a NASCAR driver. So unfair. #CruzLogic
Ted Cruz, Comey needs to go, he's in COLLUSION with others to hurt Our President!!
.@SenTedCruz @senjudiciary Good job, Ted.
and wasn't Garland confirmed on all his prior, then never granted a single interview. Shame Ted, stuff it.
Hey ted, if you actually want #gorsuch confirmed...maybe leave your stamp of approval off him. literally no one likes you.
Why can this not wait until we know that the nominee has not been appointed by a criminal president?
hey...it's about MY POWER and MY self enrichment. After all WDC is EXPENSIVE and Comey needs to protect my joub!
@SenateDems @SenateGOP  
Reminder: Not one Republican met with Merrick Garland in the year after he was nominated.
You'll go down as traitors with Trump unless you change your evil ways, now!
2012-3.2mill Dems voted against. #2018 =Texans of both parties vote You out.  Time for a change @CastroSenate
very well stated  !!
That is not an excuse for what you did to Merrick Garland ot threatening to keep all seats open if HRC was elected.  Hypocrite!
irrelevant.
Two decades ago, Merrick Garland was confirmed to DC Court of Appeals w\90% bipartisan support.
Nope. No supreme court appointment until this administration can prove they legally won the election.
not really the same job though, is it? A job w more responsibility ought to mean more rigorous scrutiny.
A decade ago Garland was confirmed by the Senate but the GOP refused to even give him a hearing for the SCOTUS.
you bring up a great point Senator. Gorsuch should be nominated 100-0
@Seascape_Eagle @senjudiciary #OBSTRUCTIONISTS
troll
@tgradous @senjudiciary Ted Cruz speaks the truth. Very intelligent man. Thank you Ted.
Thank You Mr. Cruz!! #confirmgorsuch
Way to go Ted! I hope President Trump appoints you as Judge beside Gorsuch, if you would want it, you be great.
dems are poor excuse for humans . All they care about is their own agenda and brainwashing libs.
smack down!
Full of respect for @SenTedCruz backing Judge Gorsuch. Please SenCruz stick tight with @POTUS too & you'll be rewarded.
If I could I would vote for Cruz to be a supreme court judge
Well said Senator Cruz.
we weren't paying attention
should POTUS under FBI investigation have the privilege of nominating the next SC Justice? #TrumpRussia #gorsuch
#TrumpCrimeFamily #jail #TrumpRussia I can't wait till u go to jail or lose ur seat so suck up to trump!
that was then this is now.
10 years is a lot of bad rulings
Vote NAY to Gorsuch. He is far too radical to be placed on our Supreme Court.
Well stated Mr. Cruz you are renewing my faith in you.
why go through this silliness, confirm him immediately! If the shoe was on the other foot, they would!
Republicans said they'd reject any nominee made by Hillary if she won the 2016 election.
THATS BECAUSE HILLARY WAS AND IS A LOSER !!!
@peddoc63 It's the obvious hate for everything  Trump. Obama was never treated in this manner.
What planet were you living on for the last 8 years? Obama was treated terribly by every GOP member!
Hey Tiff. Cite me one instance that compared to the remarks of Leahy for instance. You're delusional.
different job, different hearing.  Can you say Garland?
A decade ago people were free to think for themselves. Now Fox News has everybody intimidated
Sad state of affairs. Past or present
#resist
Gorsuch thinks women get jobs to abuse family leave. Great judge!
You are almost as bad as Trump, Ted. Lie, lie, lie.
His billionaire friend Philip Anschutz got him the position.
in case you don't realize, this is a different position.
absolutely no question. And they know it.
The dems keep crying about Garland. If the situation were reversed, they would have done exactly the same thing
thank you for being the voice of reason for The Great State Of Texas.
love Cruz shows the hypocrisy of the democrates.
since then #gorsuch presided over issues that cloud his nomination. Honest senators ask hard questions. #NoGorsuch
like what?
Majority American people didn't want Republican Adm to pick Supreme Court nominee.
Now all of a sudden, he is Satan incarnate, based upon nothing more than innuendo....
@peddoc63 @senjudiciary   Thanks for you input Sen Cruz. You are a great Statesman!
you are not a patriot! Country before party
no, no, no! That seat belongs to Merrick Garland. His nomination could be your downfall! I will not vote 4 u again
, No seat on the SC belongs to anyone. Learn how govt works in thia republic.
Gorsuch is most probably a decent candidate, but his nomination has been tainted by GOP abuse Garland nomination

That was before the GOP obstructed Garland's nomination, wasn't it?
Traitor Trump doesn't get to choose SC judge. Move to impeach him now or suffer the consequences next November.
sound like a moron !! Impeach for what  ?? 
45 lost the majority vote proving we don't want his choice for anything permanent. VOTE NO ON GORSUCH.
He lost the popular vote by 1% of the US population, and the electoral college was made for stituations like that
Your Tweet has nothing to do with mine.
hi could you defend a Trump who degraded your wife! #nonutsted
Same could be said for Merrick Garland - why was he not confirmed?  GOP wanted voters to decide - they did DJT lost popular vote.
"What has changed?" Seriously?! "What has changed since a decade ago?" One of your most idiotic questions, EVER!
are you really that stupid?  Oh wait.
SEN CRUZ? ARE YOU ENDORSING FILLING A (STOLEN) SUPREME COURT NOMINEE SEAT FROM OBAMA STACKING HIGHEST COURT? TREASON?
Talk about an iron-proof argument!  This should be a slam dunk.  Thanks, Ted!
Huh??
setting aside your gross negligence, are you really arguing that nothing he has done in the past 10yr is relevant?
So what?!!!  This is 2017.@SenTedCruz you are an embarrassment to the great state of Texas and the USA!
everything embarrasses you. Yall just walk around playing the victims deserving vengeance. Grow up!
Does the name Merrick Garland ring any bells? Or has the Mutant Orangutan hit you over the head 1 too many times?
Go back to Canada or Cuba, or wherever, just not Texas. We hate you here and can't wait to take you down in 2018.
#GOPobstruction #TermLimits I believe Merrick Garland was also.
Ted you have at least six mistresses and many voices were raised in opposition to your presidential campaign.
but if someone's position changed and his power who has the right to rule women's body it's all so VERY WRONG!!!
Last year nobody spoke a word about M. Garland because you violated your oath to the Constitution.
bc democrats are not obstructionist. MERRICK didn't even get a vote. The US people were robbed of SCOTUS nominated by Obama.
Let's get this done and move on Dems!  You have already confirmed so what is the issue?
different job.  Can you say Merrick Garland?
Agree ... Opposition to Gorsuch nomination is strictly political. Republicans have right to appoint like minded!
so you HAD the confirmation hearing?
BUT now is different. Through the Soros funded "DemBlackOps",a strong anti-Gorsuck effort, will be conducted.
Can you provevit sneaky
It's a different day Ted. David Ginsburg withdrew over social weed use in college and look what 45 said & won. 
they weren't obstructionist loons back then, Hillary and Obama were actually against gay marriage
The Democrat of today is not the Democrat of yesterday. Much more progressive liberal w/ very little values.
Thanks Senator. Call those lying dogs out!!!
@SenTedCruz  am liking you more all the time. Would have voted for you for POTUS had you not stooped to the stupidity of that campaign! Fact
The confrontation hearings continue.
Back then, he wasn't nominated by a Russian puppet.
This isn't about #gorsuch as much as it is about Republicans blocking President Obama's nomination.
might B however I think karma is going 2 bite republicans hard on this 1 and rightfully so.
But their candidate was not allowed a chance! Their opening statements reveal the political vegence. plug uglies!
Troll
what has changed is the Democrats do NOT want the Supreme Court to be for the American people
So? You treated President Obama like a dog. Now you expect everyone to play nice with.8 yrs of obstruction SHAME.
That's before Hillary lost. Their temper tantrum continues. They're plan to destroy America has FAILED!
That's because his fascism, racism, and misogyny wasn't about to be given lifetime tenure over human lives. Duh.
Things have changed since then hombre! Now Trump recommends him for a start! #VERYBAD
What did you do to @POTUS44 nominee again? Serious question
POTUS admin under counterintel investigation for participating in Russian-backed coup = NO SCOTUS confirmation.
you wouldnt even put Obama's nomination up for a vote
so?
Again, what is your problem with Garland? He wasn't considered controversial until very recently.
anything Obama is in on can't be trusted. Just look at Hawaii judge!
.@SenTedCruz @senjudiciary Cruz, go nuclear!
