God bless Texas!
God Bless Texas!
Omg our beautiful Houston!
Did anybody save the horse that is in the photo?

& THE USA
Inspirational!  Check out #MAGAcoalition
Texas flag flies in Texas. Breaking news.
What a beautiful site over top the devastation!  #TexasStrong
Oh snap.  Wasn't TX a Confederate state?  I thought anything to do with that was horrible ?   Sarcasm  fools !.  TX stay strong 
F the flag! Someone rescue that stranded horse!
Good grief. That horse is staked up.
Agreed, who cares about glorifying a piece of cloth when a life is at stake.
I hope that horse is okay or was rescued. How could anyone leave a horse tied up to a pole?
Hope that horse is ok
Sure as shit is a horse. Didn't even see that the first time
I didn't either!
Surprised there have been no complaints about this. smh
Take this photo down! There's a horse drowning.
God bless Texas!  Stay string Texas!
GREAT STATE OF TEXAS! MAKES YOU PROUD!
NO MATTER HOW STRONG  THE TROPICAL STORM THOWN AT TEXANS, IT WILL NOT BREAK THEIR COLLECTIVE SPIRIT!
REMEMBER THE ALAMO
FLEX
FLEX
FLEX
FLEX
#TexasStrong 
#HurricaneHarvey has nothing on us!
Fuck La Grange
Dang... Flags are flown at least 15 feet from the ground. This storm is a real killer.
AWESOME #TexasStrong #HoustonStrong #houstonflood
ZZ Top should do a benefit
God bless texans, so brave, so lovable, so strong, love texas 
You see a picture of Texas flag still flying. I see a horse in the background drowning.
Texas STRONG 
"Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there"
Dear God, please bless Texas & all who are trying to help the victims of Hurricane Harvey. Amen. @EWTN  @EWTNews
And fools like him believe there is no #globalwarming
You are no longer allowed to air in Britain due to low viewership. I love it.
La Grange - Home of the once legendary Chicken Ranch. Inspiration for the play the Best little Whorehouse in Texas
Praying for All of the Texas Coast
Symbol of, "Hold your Head Up High!" 
God Bless Texas and ALL who are suffering here!
@loiskolkhorst  OMG, I just now saw the horse!!!! Someone get that horse now!!!!!!
@loiskolkhorst  Sure wish someone would fly the Christian flag next to it.God has turned this evil into good People coming together
Not la grange... save the kolaches.
Please take high ground
I was in La Grange to perform two years ago when the show was canceled because of heavy rain and the fear of that river overflowing.
#yeeHaw
Joel Osteen of Lakewood Church in Houston which will hold 17,000 people REFUSES TO OPEN HIS CHURCH TO THE FLOOD VICTIMS IN TEXAS.....
Lakewood Church is open for business now!!! #TexasStrong

Massive hypocrite Joel Osteen needs to be shamed into opening the doors to his church to hurricane victims 
Get the army in there to help in case volunteers exhausted
Don't mess with Texas

@amccormick0403  the starts at night are big and bright!!!
*Clap Clap clap clap* Deep in the heart of Texas!
GOD BLESS TEXAS!
It's TEXAS IT WILL Survive!
George Bush hates black people.
God Bless Texas!
Right on!!! Go Texas
ZZ Top!!! La Grange 
Rescue that Photoshopped flag and flag pole please.
@SenTedCruz Rescue the horse in the picture!! Please!!!
Proud to be #Texan! If Americans could come together like Texans do how great would we be!#TexasStrong
wa ao
Windsor Ontario, 9.5 hrs steady rain,5 inches in basement but still able to function in our house & send money to #Houston.Always positive
Rise and strong! Prayers from Philippines to Texas! 
Keep fighting the good fight.
Does it stand for abandoning Obama's plan to protect against hurricanes or closing megachurches to their members desperate for shelter?
God Bless Texas!
God bless Texas and I'm heading there with several men and pieces of equipment once the water recedes but that picture is photoshopped.
Just read Joel Osteen will open his Houston Church to the homeless after the shelter are full.
Texas is stronger than Harvey#TexasTough #TexasProud
The proudest ppl I've met in any of the lower 48. They WONT be defeated by Harvey or liberals!!!
But they got undermined by Trump
So these 'not yet imposed' bridges and roads would've saved Houston? Put down the bong brother, you smoked too much.
This is one of many, friend. You might not hear on TV we've had decades of neglect. Republicans kill funding for levees, marsh reconstructn,
"I have answered the demand with a cannon shot, & our flag still waves proudly from the walls. I shall never surrender or retreat."
#Prayers for #Texas
Proud American by birth, TEXAN by the Grace of God. We will survive this & come back even stronger.
Be careful out there. I have 4 family members with me in San Santon due to flooding. I heard Colorado River is next
San Antonio?
Yes
My aunt and uncle are in Spring Branch  (moved there from San Antonio) hoping the river on their back yard stays put!
I think rain stopped there. They need to keep checking the local news.
Was thinking maybe Kaepernick can be hired by Houston and he can kneel in water over his head while the flag flies high!
Maybe a good soaking will clear his head! Our flag represents values we try to achieve, not the imperfect people who reach for those goals!
#TexasStrong God Bless Texas and America.
I am praying for Texas.
<3
God bless Texas!
@charlesrhardin
@djblaha11
Yessir 
#TexasStrong

Texas heart! They WILL survive!
It must be the flags fault... liberal logic0
So terrible. I know our fellow Americans are helping each other out. I know they are destroying the medias narrative of a divided America.
Did ya see the stunt with our American flag TWC tried to pull?
Please donate to Red cross and pray ..... We are Texans from Zuma Beach to Bed Stuy, New York
Such a sad sight.
God bless Texas and the Houston area #ProudTexan
From the north east never liked calling it that so Pittsburgh now in Texas for past 34years I have witnessed the resiliency of these people

How about measure requiring churches to open as shelters in natural disaster if they want to keep tax exempt status? http://www.politico.com/story/2017/08/28/mueller-investigation-republicans-russia-242108 …
God Bless Texas 
Obviously, it hasn't.
I'm so sorry for the ppl in that great state, I've been there many times, love that big old lone star! Wishing all the best recovery 
Pure Texan pride there, they shall overcome anything that comes to them.. #MAGA

Things will get better.
That flag will trigger a ton of liberals into conniption seizures
It's just a bit sad because hurricanes wouldn't do the same damage if we didn't neglect infrastructure

No, they just want the few bad/criminal police to be called out and prosecuted instead of protected and given vacation

Bwahahaha never gets old....

We are there with you TEXAS.




Not relevant
pretty soon they will say that flag is racist too
Why would anyone do that.
https://www.genesis-mining.com/a/927757  Get additional 3%disc and hash power using  promo code D6u8A5 .Mine btc and ether for ICOs investment.
Dat's races!!
