I don't know how successful you'll be on this, but I'd bet a supermajority of Americans are with you—me included.
"According to an Oct Rasmussen survey, 74% of Americans support establishing term limits for all members of Congress..."
I want to know who the 26% were that chose against. I can't fathom any reasonable argument against it.
13% were against. I presume the others were indifferent (or didn't understand the question).
Ahh, gotcha. I guess I'm just curious what reasonable argument could be argued against.
Institutional & experiential knowledge. I like the proposal but think the limits should be Sen 3 & Cong 4.
I don't see a need for senators to serve 18 years when president only does 8.
Constitutionally they are the deliberative body. Makes sense for them to serve and advise multiple admins.

Great Ted. Was going to vote you out. Now I will stand by you 
Take it to the supreme court to prove that libs are “idiots or insane persons”, 1/2 the country loses voting rights
now lets see who is serious and who belongs to the swamp. My guess is McCain and Graham will vote against. DTS
I want term limits!..the bill is here...in PA I  called Bob Casey's office and re-Tweetered this!
Great! #TermLimits !! @marklevinshow @COSProject
So... um, what is hidden in it? or is that 100% all the proposal?
That’s the whole text.
Anyone intellectually honest knows this is necessary to rid our government of greed & corruption We the people require it.

Let's get moving
Term limits on ALL positions including only ten years for supreme court. Senate shld be 1/3rd each of Dems., republican, independent.
Not...Ever...Going...To...Happen...As...In...Never.
What is the hold up on this ? Time to make it LAW !!!
So how’s that going, Ted? Introduced a year ago, what’s the status? #termlimits #senate-accountability
I hope #OHSen  @senrobportman supports @SenTedCruz @RepDeSantis #TermLimits plan
Thank u mr cruz u r right
I like it
Thank you Mr/ ted
Thank you.
Why has this died
Where are you at with the term limits bill? Will that get to the floor?
@davidhollinger @RepDeSantis It should also include no tax payer retirement.  No one should be a "career" politician.  Let's see
Any update to this?
Never thought I'd see the day where I'd agree with you on anything. We need term limits :-)
Problem solved :)
Thank you sir for your service, God bless you and God bless America.
So you want term limits? In PA, call Bob Casey's office,  an re tweet this!  NOW all things are possible
So what's the status on this? It can't possibly take a year and a half to get a 20 line amendment through...
We are y'all at with this?
I'm going to retweet this everyday until someone answers me
I cannot agree on most of your ideals but I am proud you put this forward. Constituent in TX. How did  @JohnCornyn vote on this?
These pompous, self serving, self righteous politicians should not be lifers. Hope you're successful.

Love It! We need Term Limits Now! #TermLimitsNow
@realDonaldTrump  career politicians are no longer legitimate. Owners got em elected. #termlimitsnow
pleased to have your assistant. Very much agree with you
الإخوان المسلمين جماعه ارهابيه
I,  agree with you sire
فعلا هئ جماعة ارهابية والله فيك الخير
نطالب للكونجرس بإعتبار جماعة الاخوان جماعة ارهابية
yes im with you....
yea
نعم اوءكد ذلك معك
we are with you .
very good Senetor
Please reintroduce the Muslim Brotherhood Terrorist Designation Act 2017!
y r lair
The sixth election shall replace the remaining 70 most senior Reps.
and the election shall be held in those States whose seats have been 
vacated to replace those discharged Representatives. ...
the Amend't; For the next sch'd election, of the 435 Reps, 
the most senior 73 shall relinquish their positions in Congress..
T L's for Reps shall be 1 term of 12 years, elect's held every
2 years to replace Reps ending their 12 year term. To implement.
Term limits for Sen. shall be 1 term of 12 years, elections held to 
replace the Senior Sen's of all States every 6 years. ....
, we the undersigned endorse and promote the 28th amendment to the
 U S of A’s Constitution written as follows:....
2 limit influence of lobbyists on Sen & Reps (by donating $
2 their reelect), 2 limit pork barrel spending (buying votes)....
I am in full support of this!
Plus, it would allow more revenue to come in so we build new schools and new water pipes that have badly deteriorated.
If money is out of circulation than that creates less jobs and allows more people to fall into poverty/more welfare.
Please ask Donald Trump if we would be willing to raise taxes on rich. Prez makes 400k a year so why should we allow CEOs
Too make more. If we don't impose a large tax on the rich they will only get richer and take money out of circulation
@Metalworks4 @RepDeSantis can we make it retroactive for McCain?
This might be the only thing I've ever seen Sen Cruz do right. Too bad could not do earlier instead of b joke Sen.
this is literally the first time I've agreed with a piece of legislation you have proposed
Can you follow me?
awesome, time we stop officials from using their pulpits to make America weak and corrupt.
Bravo Senator Cruz ! You're one in a million for sure!
WAY 2 GO GUYS!!!
That Constitutional Amendment proposal for Term Limits looks solid to me. Hope it gets passed. Good luck. 
The best way is lower they pay to $0 as it is community service If there is no financial gain they will not stay long You volunteer to serve
Thank you, Senator Cruz! We deplorables appreciate your commitment to the Americans desire for term limits. #MAGA
: Need to re-write ethics rules. Person returning to civil live should not have to divest when taking office.
: How about Reps "no more than 8 years in 20"; Sen.s "no more than 12 years in 36" - or some such?
: Assumes consecutive terms; what about non-consecutive terms? Deals with election; what about appointment?
I would suggest my own amendment to your bill. A term in one house counts against the other. Cant serve max in both
State option to have Ranked Choice Voting w/supermajority to override term limits could eliminate opposition
Good idea
#HellYeah!
great appearance on Hannity..your regaining my confidence with those words about the new Trump administration
I'm so in support of this initiative!
What if a congressman is working towards a high profile bill and they cannot continue that work due to term limits?
Great going. Much respect restored  to the great US Senator from Texas @KellyannePolls @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence
THANK U 4 finally making this possibility a reality! Public "service" should NOT be a lifelong career. #TermLimits
Term limits also for the Senate.
@Bill_Huff @RepDeSantis Term limits are neccessary for a healthy  Congress.
I am really proud of Sen.Ted Cruz he is proving he loves our country ,and is willing to fight for it .
yes glad to see he is steping up to assist @realDonaldTrump with siding with Israel and term limits
While you're working on that, change the 10A to prohibit states from enacting unconstitutional law, and define 2A!
Instead of term limits why not start with limits to campaign contribution, as well as making them transparent?
