American jobs in solar and hydro and wind are much more future-proof than coal. #traitor #corrupt #complicit #countryoverparty
Ok we have that next what are you thinking oh wait your not have left side brain fart
You're clearly the product of a poor education, or you're a Russian troll. Your comment made no sense.
I like twitter but I like face to face with cowards call your grandfather ask him my group is not And doesn't do Politically Correct
Apparently your group doesn't do grammar or punctuation either.
Very rude! WHat would Chuck say?
You're on the wrong side of history. Foolish.
Who's history or should I ask what history. Man is not going to destroy or save the earth. That is in much bigger hands than ours.
Jim, is this "bigger hands" theory, the one where some imaginary God is up there watching over us?  Man can and is destroying Earth.
What does history say? What do you see when you consider all of the "natural" wonder on this incredible planet?
Since you asked. The natural /nature of this earth tells me, humans are aliens to this earth. We are the only creature on it, destroying it.
While we are the only humans on the planet. We don't posses the power that you suggest to destroy it. Like smash it to smithereens.
LOL  Hey, don't feel you always need to rely, for the sake of replying. 

When you can't defend your point/theory, like you have, just stop.
I can only defend it to the point that there is a willingness by the opposition to acknowledge that much of what we call science is theory.
Of course you applaud him, you're so far up his ass you can't do anything but applaud him.  #CanCruz18
Proof slander I can get Texas help our ass pack up your toys and move to Cali

Morons to the left and you are not welcome LOSER
Hi, DAVID!!!!!!
Hi Daniel have you not been a good boy
That right wing nut?
Complicit.
@SenTedCruz Maybe now you could openly support him? Hoping so.
someone needed to support his fatness at G8. He couldn't keep up had to ride in a golf cart
at least it was an electric cart..
yeah I guess if you can't handle walking electric carts are the way to go. #outofshape
not out of shape.......
it wasn't a golf course. It was at the G8 all other leaders walked fat boy had to ride
#betofortexas is coming for your job. #SendTedHome
Does Beto need your vote. He’s a shoe-in for the Dem nod.   The objective is to toss Cruz out of Texas.   A vote for me could send him home on March 6th.   http://Maryusa.org .  This isn’t our agenda either btw.
Of course you do, because you are well paid by the oil lobby! Real leaders stay at the table. We know who you guys are.
Just like #POTUS put jobs first when giving tax breaks to @Carrier? Now they've announced job cuts; moving them to Mexico. #sucker #lyingTed
PLS PLS PLS GET THE GOP TO RALLY AROUND THIS AWESOME PRESIDENT. PLS HELP HIM TO GET HIS HEALTHCARE & TAX REFORM THROUGH BEFORE SUMMER RECESS
Ted, don't trust you. Never has a president had so many of his own party against him.
Senator Cruz have you drunk the POTUS kook-aid? Voting you out can't come soon enuff. You're messing with Texas.
I would hate to be your children in 10 years.
Way to put America first by ignoring democratic principles. The gofundme billboard campaign of every citizen you kill by repealing ACA.
Yes, and the Earth is flat and I have a golf course in the Sahara to sell you. Will work hard whoever runs against you.
I knew the liberals were still in the middle ages somewhere.
I'll applaud when you grab your ears, pull real hard, and get your head out of your ass
This was a very bad idea and you backed Trump.  Your Texas voters are relying on you to fix this.
HE'S FUFILLING HIS PROMISES, WHAT ARE REPUBLICANS DOING? YOU GET PAID TO WORK WITH THE PRESIDENT ON HIS AGENDA AND TO SEE IT THROUGH.
NOW HELP HIM GET HEATHCARE AND TAX REFORM THROUGH, BREAK TIME OVER, LET'S GET MOVING ON HIS AGENDA!! AMERICANS WANT TAX REFORM+HEATHCARE
You're just another one the sycophants sucking up the rest of America's oxygen! What will it take to rid us of you.
You would, you are as sick and dishonest as the orange toddler
Trump put jobs & energy above having a clean environment 4 Barron & his grandkids to grow up n. Sad that GOP don't care bout their grandkids
So happy the U.S. has withdrawn from the Paris Agreement. About time.

typical american.... Me, myself and I and fuck the rest.....it'll all catch up to you eventually....
What jobs did he save? Clean energy is the future & the great negotiator just gave up our seat to save what? A dead US coal industry? @msnbc
Yeah, YOU would.  I'm going to support Beto O'Rourke!
@tedcruz your support of @POTUS is refreshing and inspiring.
Not voting for you Ted, that is for damn sure
The Cruz Missile has got to run with Rand Paul in 2024. They would be unstoppable!!!!!
#CruzMostHartednSenateSecondOnly2EvilSlothMcConnell
Yes indeed!  We were one election away from losing our country. Thank you Ted for your service too.
also the muslim brotherhood senator, as an Egyptian we were very happy when your bill was introduced, please keep at it!!!!!!!!
Thought you were not for real at first, glad I was wrong, go get them senator!
Make America Great Again!
ted the vampire!!! stop corrupting this country go back to Cuba
Senator Cruz represents the worst of the R party. Trump abdicates American Global Leadership and fools like Cruz aplaude. Sad.
That's great Senator --- now get the Senate moving toward healthcare....tax reform.....and infrastructure
Your support is a good measure of how bad an idea this was.
I thank President Trump for pulling US taxpayers out of this slushfund that does nothing for climate but benefits elites.
The agreement wld cause electric bills 2 inc by 30% hurting the  poor/blacks/seniors on SS,1M ppl in Germany can't afford electricity alrdy
Other world leaders are upset - cuz they won't. B E getting 100s of millions from US through bs UN and weak EU.
Maybe we should rethink the UN.
I hope you don't want anymore to travel out of your country: you are not welcome elsewhere in the world #shameonyou
Sad...you sold out to Trump and no longer have any credibility.
I'm surprised you're not saying it's because global warming was invented by the Chinese, who actually commited to the Paris Accord #CoalLife
You've lost this Texan's vote.
I applaud the @POTUS for talking about your wife to your face!!!! #Trump #TedCruz
POTUS did not talk about Ted's wife.  Only threatened to "spill the beans" but never did.
The rest of us in the world are sitting back with our popcorn.  This shit just keeps on getting better 
Sit down clown
Why don't u go back under the rock the entire GOP seem to be under?!?
Partisan hack! 
Something does not gel and this must be addressed because we are at war. "Civilization Jihad Slow Kill" http://politicalpoint.net/civilization-jihad-slow-kill/ …
Fine ! So what's his counter strategy to much lip service no concrete strategy ?????
702b must go sir. They got you. Better find out and shut it down.
I salute you for supporting our POTUS
You're trying to sell us a false bill of goods! #ClimateChangeIsReal & pulling out of the #ParisAccord signals that you don't care! Shame!
Considering how much weight is being put on US participation, they should have called it the US Agreement.
So jobs are more important than putting our planet & health first?
I am glad this Paris Deal is off if Hollywood Wants this deal they can pay for it -They are leaving the biggest carbon footprint-
You are a nitwit. History will judge you as such. Resign and leave Texas.
I regret ever considering voting for you in the primaries
I agreeDrain the swamp!
You need to stop lining your pockets with big industry and energy money and realize we must care about this planet
And ruining the world for our grandchildren? Think that is sick.
Thank you Senator Cruz
Please keep your campaign going  to use ELchapoto BUILDTHATWALLThank you for yourefforts
Bird brain!
Senator, I just wanted to thank you for being so supportive of POTUS.
Agreed!!! 
Of course you do... you microwave fish in Senate Office kitchen
Good grief!
You are a villain for supporting this
He didn't do either. He did and does put buffoonery first. Ur Russia's stooge for supporting him.
How much money in campaign contributions has your campaign taken from Exxon?
Damn I actually kinda liked you.
Nice that you are on board!
Your support for the Russian operative in the White House will lead to you being voted out.
Oh yes it a money sucking pool and we are done with it.
I will applaud your defeat in 2018!!
No investment in clean energy for USA. Good thing you were a toddler when USA invested in Arpanet which became internet. Gave us tech lead
We need you to #Lead the Rs to victory and get the Rs to stop acting like 007 agents for the Ds
Next #SCOTUS appointment will be you
Everybody hates Ted Cruz ,He is hoping if he is nice to Trump,Trump will not hate him .Ted Trump hates you to.
What about American's health? No?
Lying Ted is now Lap Dog Ted. What a joke! I can't wait to see you voted out!
Sen. Cruz, President Trump & Americans needs you LOUD & STRONG Voice, more than ever! The Leftist are DANGEROUS to AMERICANS!
Bruh. You're the zodiac killer. This is the ultimate kill
Everyone that actually read the climate "agreement" is pretty happy that he pulled out! #ParisAgreement #MAGA
Who gives a shit what you think?!
You would,you don't even respect yourself. Will never understand how you can support him when he attacked your family. Keep kissing up!
One day your grandkids will read history books and you will be seen for what you are, sir. Worst of all, their classmates will see.
Wrong again teddy
Ted, your turn to get tax reform and the healthcare bills done...like now.
Evil man in a suit. Constituents will remember at the polls. Pack your bags
Thank you for your honesty this time.
And by energy he means his donors
You have always been an hypocrite ted.....
And puts America's exceptionalism and leadership back light years.
Well, we knew that because you have no soul, Ted
If @POTUS took dump in the rose garden,you'll applaud him. Stop being a Trump puppet and put country over party. Your out of here #VOTE2018
Ted you are a great person!
I tweet this with all due respect, Senator Cruz. I
It's mind boggling how much trump's  BS Cruz is willing to swallow. Smh!

Republican senators and reps sound like a bunch of wound up puppets
Why? Because President Obama was a part of it? Trying to undo any and everything President Obama was a part Of?? Sad state of mind....
Ted - starting to like you more and more everyday.  Thank u for backing POTUS
What is morally satisfying about prioritizing our prosperity over others health, safety & humanity.  You reek of white privilege..
You would.  Little man / no pride.
Selfish in the extreme - "me me now now.......sod the future!"
So basically you're saying money trumps life ?
WHAT A FOOL
Senator Ted Cruz is just another SUCK UP
Why won't GOP let tax return of trump made public?  know he is owned by Russian bank. Allowing Russian interest b4 USA
Thats the trouble with acting unilaterally. It can be easily undone. Like Executive orders. 
Ted Cruz is my Senator - his time is getting closer to the end of his career
You make me sick. You're a sellout.
We need to build more solar grids, construct more wind farms are promote utilization of our endless resource of sun, wind and hydro! Wake up
November 2018, we elect a Senator who actually cares about the people instead of shilling for oil/gas industry.  Worst Senator ever!
You are a puppet..... Sad.
Go back into your coffin, ifiot nerd Dracula.
You are as horrible as Trump is!
Paris Accord literally has nothing to do with American jobs. Just like the rest of GOP, you spew rhetoric with zero understanding of issues.
Traded in your wife and father for Donald? Despicable
As Boehner said, "Lucifer incarnate."  Sessions said TC  killed on the floor of Congress, no one would do a thing. And that's just  the GOP.
yeah! screw our environment and the health of our future generations all in the name of short-term profit!
Fool
And history will judge you harshly for your sins against the environment
He put them LAST.
It is,also bringing to light who,is not trying to go cleaner and just suck up the money with no sign they are working to comply.

Shut up Eddy Munster!
Sad. You're on the wrong side of history Ted. Be sure I and many others will remember this next year..
How short sighted you are Senator. Your children, and history, will judge you harshly for once again putting party before country. Shameful
Lap dog!
Senator, the military is fighting climate change. You are endangering their lives when you ignore their warnings.
The world is laughing at our president and our country.
Thank you Ted, we need the Repulicans to get behind President Trump and support his agenda.
Good ole white boy suck up.
I'll be happy to teach you why you're wrong. When are you coming for a town hall?
Of course you applaud the withdrawal, you're the senator from the most polluted state in the union.
Agreed! Now, why is your profile picture of a pac-man ghost?
I looked up to you while you campaigned and you fooled me. I'm so ashamed of myself for being deceived by you.
Stupid meet stupid 
Illegitimate Trump =Ted cruz
