No, Senator Cruz - School choice allows only a "few" to be served. It also allows corporate influence in the classroom. No, no
as silly as it may sound, a real  issue will be unethical high school athletic recruiting disguised as #SchoolChoice - thoughts?
this already happens! Excellent point!
VOTE NO TED.
do not vote for DeVos she is not qualified. We need u to stand with the majority of ppl and not this the America we know! HELP!!
no sir, vouchers are not the answer. Vote NO for DeVos please!
Our taxes are for public non profit use, not for private for profit religious schools. Your constituents DO NOT want DeVos.
Stop lying to people! You people are screwing up every aspect of our country. This will hurt the kids!
Choice = many inferior schools with less qualified teachers.No decision w/o visits to our great schools!#EverystudentEveryday
So glad you lost in the primaries. Watching you suck up to Trump is comically after he trashed your family. Shame on you.
Syrian children deserve this also! "Rescue the weak and the needy; deliver them from the hand of the wicked." Psalm 82:4
What good is choice when every school is has been conformed to Common Core including AP exams and the SAT. #VoteNoDeVos
No, their parents should. Those that have parents.
Public schools in Texas DO offer offer choices that include magnet schools, technical schools, and a robust selection of courses
school of choice leads to segregation and leaves children behind. Your rhetoric is destroying communities.
Amen!
no, we should support our public schools and the amazing people that have educated all of those not wealthy.
Sounds nice, but, not the real motive; which is to raid Coffers; and seize Control of the School Curriculum; for indoctrination.
- i am a constituent and upset by disingenuous nature of this. explain why you advocate choice vs system wide quality increase.
where are your children educated? Vote for system wide equality. Most Texas students are lacking quality education.
I'm all for school choice. Also has anyone thought about how this might complicate the bus routes ? 
If you choose a school out of your neighborhood. Getting your child to school is your business not school system
that's exactly what I was worried about.  I agree. Peeps should take on more responsibility for their own choices.
believe all schools should be funded for quality education of all students. Support public education. No vouchers
lol. & I think the less government involvement the better.
How about you do what is right for our kids instead of blindly following party lines? No To Devos
I'm a Texan Repub. U & other repubs r on the wrong side of this issue. This planned, slow death of public schools is shameful.
#DumpDevos #StopDeVos
Public schools r backbone of USA. All children deserve free education. Improve public schools basics & bring back arts too
why aren't you accepting calls from us?  We are your constituents?
Why don't you listen to the people you were elected to REPRESENT and vote NO on DeVos? That would be a nice change of pace.
SOMETIMES IT'S NOT WHERE YOU EDUCATE BUT WHAT YOU EDUCATE!
And by coincidence, the white kids will all feel their needs are best met in a school with only white kids. Welcome to the past
When a school can refuse to educate a child the SCHOOL makes the choice, not the family.
Senator, you know DeVos is not an ethical choice for Ed. Secretary.  Use good judgement.
she is not a good candidate for any education. She is biased against public schools. Stop the madness
Schools funded by taxpayers through real estate taxes, for most part. People tend to live where they want kids to go to school.
you are right but they take from property rich school district s to help support others. Thank God for active PTAs
How about we appropriately fund and untie the hands of our public schools so these students don't need to seek other options?
We spend more per student than anybody. Spending isn't the problem; Washington control of education is.
Then get rid of the ridiculous standardized testing. Regardless, privatizing isn't the solution.
Privatizing industries has a history of success. Parents should have a choice about where to send their kids and $$
Educate in good public school districts or pay extra money for private schools. Home school?
Devos is not qualified and public schools are the first choice you've failed on, why trust you on other choices.
How will #SchoolChoice work for rural Texans?  DeVos suggested online programs but that ignored much of what we do in schools.
How about funding public local schools in children's' own neighborhoods? Strong teachers' unions and local libraries, help too.
you must have a contributor that's in the school business.
If you care about education, you would vote NO on DeVos.
Our kids' future is too important to be paid for with campaign contributions. #VoteNoOnDeVos
School choice is not the same as vouchers and dismantling public education. #VoteNoOnDeVos
#SchoolChoice can be good if result is kids actually learn not just passed
US #19 in world? someone's not teaching or learning
Yes, Im with you Mr Cruz..
Amen Ted. Keep fighting the good fight.
you do realize your bullshit bill would give schools the ability to discriminate?! WTF is wrong with you???
WTF?! AUFKM??? So glad we saw how weak you are time to vote you GONE!!
@CruzinAhead school choice equalises opportunity.
Vote NO on DeVos!
You can hear the cheers and laughs in the Trump White House, almost drowning out the screams or Trump/DeVos/Cruz victims.
15-year-old 125 pound orphan Henry McCarty was bullied and beaten by the 225 pound blacksmith of Ft. Grant Arizona.  Finally,
Henry had all he could stand, that was the day he became Billy the Kid. http://briankeithohara.blogspot.com/2014/11/billy-kid-was-more-likely-to-kill-off.html …
Drew Breton. Watch/Share, now guess who the Trump Republican Bible Belt School suspended?  https://www.facebook.com/corbin.breton/posts/953834978054668 …
an epidemic of bullying schools. Of course, Cruz champions bullies. Four Trump Republican Bible Belt Bullies torment 13-year-old
Ted put a woman with NO Credentials for Secretary of Education other than championing bullying in schools. Trump has inspired an
shouldn't there be a discussion as to why public school fail? How about govt regulations.  Govt money=obedience.
Say NO to @BetsyDeVos!
I wish such system was here in uganda I did av a choice to choose a school of interest too
All children should have acces to free quality public education regardless of race, income, gender, sexuality, or religious beliefs #fixedit
The real answer is to provide online schooling for students with disciplinary problems. Schools ARE NOT babysitters.
Charter schools consistently underperform vs public schools while they constantly kick out problem students.
Texas needs strong, stable, well funded Public Schools to ensure our future. Stop pandering to whiny, lazy parents.
and where you can make a buck huh Theodore? Never gonna be president you Dominionist.
Our kids need good public education, not for profit.
Thanks for your hard work Ted!

how can you be anti common core but pro school choice.
Kinda like being a Catholic and supporting abortion.
Unless of course, the kid is an immigrant child living in a safe-haven city. right?
in Indiana we have public school online options...That helped us get our son thru high school...
you're a real SOS. Don't destroy public education
Maybe! But DeVos is not qualified to lead the Education Dept. Please vote against confirming her. We need someone better!
My kids fell behind and had to catch up two years in one summer. It's really unfortunate because even your private schools are
Rogue for  2 years and they fell behind because there is a lack of willingness to support schools what are diverse in the south.
You are obviously from private schools. I live in Minnesota our public schools are GREAT!!! Our kids went to school in Baton
You are absolutely right
Not according to DeVoss.
thank you for being a real American and helping rather than hampering
@Meeeedge Why can ILLEGAL CHILDREN go to school. We the taxpayers would like to know?
You should focus on Making ALL Schools Great Again.
Please follow Nevada plan that leaves homeschool out. $ = strings! Keep our TX homeschool freedom.
Not at the expense of middle-class kids, you toxic goofball. We are done subsidizing pampered millionaires' lifestyles.
So Poor kids in Texas are going to school in mobile trailers becasue thats what they need?  Do rich white kids also "need" that?
if government, instead of parents, chooses school for kids, all schools will teach only the contents government likes.
In NV the governor is taking away school choice for hundreds of students and parents while public schools are over crowded.
https://www.lessonplanet.com/news/two-lawsuits-detroit-schools-national-impact …
so how do you accomplish this...I live in, teach at, and coach in a district that is still under a fed desegregation court order
if they have money and live near a good school
@peddoc63 but affirmative action should b immediately dissolved! Education should be on merit Thos that study should be rewarded
Obviously #progressive #liberals are not #ProChoice
unless they're Muslims then that's off the table
Instead how about ensuring that ALL schools are equipped with the resources needed for all children.
I so agree you. Each school should have quality teachers, programs, and  necessary education equipment & supplies
regardless of race, ethnicity, zip code AND ability right? Right?! #SchoolChoice #Disability #Inclusion #Acceptance #IDEA
the only things blocking that are the govt and teacher unions choice is long overdue
Their parents should have the opportunity to destroy idea for their children what they blieve is best.
I am a Cuban myself & happy that at least one step at a time you start to agree with our President! CF MANEGING PARTNER F&F CPAs
While I'm all for School Choice, know that children (and parents) do not always know what best meets the needs of the children.
And you are speaking for parents? What are you advocating? Ignorance? No excuse with the ways to get info these days.
Just one example: As a parent,now grandparent, I now know some teachers were far better for my kids than I expected
Yes, as a parent my kids had some real doozies that had previous breakdowns and were still teaching....
Would you divert money away from USPS to fund FedEx or UPS? Would that create competition, or would it just kill USPS?
the modern day civil rights issue
Trump's behavior is erratic at best. Don't you think it's time to invoke the 25th Amendment? Do it for the good of the country!
Public schools have been destroyed by funding. Now you want to destroy private schools too.
Devos' strategy is to put public money into private schools. To do what, "create competition"? Please.
That's her plan.Children should be educated in their home community.All schools funded for quality learning for all
They already have the choice to do so - Doesn't mean we should be funding private schools.
If they want to go to a private school let their parents http://pay.Work  extra or move where education best
so that people can live in the bubble that they already are forever
your statement is a lie poor people don't have choice of what school to go to and depends on public schools not elitist schools
Unless of course those schools are underperforming....and as a reminder...segregated schools are illegal...and the appearance is immoral
Put out taxes and ideas into fixing our public schools.
Let's conquer getting all children shelter, food and a loving home first then we can worry about rich, white kids...
So, the government will pay for all costs for a student to attend whatever school best fits their needs? #schoolcoice
so people that can afford private school have more choices then low income neighborhoods private schools won't teach everyone
PARENTS have a right to pay for whatever school they choose. OR, parents can DEMAND decent public schools.
Schools are a reflection of the community attending them. Moving the kids will just ruin a different school.
students with disabilities deserve federal support, DeVos blocks
All children no matter what their disabilities and needs to have quality education funded in their own community
.@SenTedCruz Should they have the opportunity to get healthcare? Should they have the opportunity to get married if they're gay?
Or, we could just make sure that their local neighborhood school is properly funded so it is able to give diverse services well.
And religious schools are all inclusive too!
High schoolers, and possibly middle schoolers, should have at the very least a large day in where they go to school.
That may be, but, young people need to learn responsibility and decision making skills.
They'll also be more invested in learning if they have a say in the matter.
