


One follower 
New to this but thanks. I have seen a couple of your comments and my GIF still stands.

@tedcruz 

Hoping one of those events is your resignation. Trumppuppet, go back to Canada.

http://8harps.com 
Will any of your *events* be open to all your TX constituents or will they only be your big money donors there? #election2018 #WeVoteToo
Not likely that employees of all the companies he's visited are "big money donors".  Are TX junior college students "big money donors", too?
I know two things-1) he is my senator & 2) he doesn't hold public town halls in TX open to all his constituents. When he does, I'll show up
Did you watch his town hall at Igloo Co. yesterday?  Orderly, civil, informative.  How TH's should be; not angry yelling and interrupting.
Did you watch @BetoORourke town hall in Beaumont? Open to everyone & answered questions from all.That's #democracy. Ted how about #doyourjob
Leftists target GOP town halls for disruption, etc.  Cruz open to civil discussion, not constant haranguing.  Try actually listening to him.
I'm sorry. Do you live in TX? Can you vote in TX? Feel free to stay in your own lane. He is our senator & we want town halls. #stophiding
#BetoForTexas #BetoForSenate #Beto2018 #TurnTexasBlue
Thank you for continuing to support our Conservative Republican President's Agenda.
Yay! an end to gerrymandering? Talk of impeachment? the 25th amendment? Actually denouncing 45's racism by SAYING HIS NAME? #DoSomethingGOP
Sorry to say, I supported you but you are part of the anti Trump movement. No longer support you.
No!
Are you now a democrat? ? Hmmm.. could have fooled me with your hatred of our president
Cruz forgave the man who shamelessly smeared him & his family, & endorsed him w/o even getting an apology.  He loves U.S. enough to do that.
Lately he has been siding with the Democrats ...sorry but it's the truth.. still mad at the president apparently
It's not the truth at all.  Just because he's his own man, not a Trump shill, that doesn't mean he hates POTUS.
I stand with Trump but you would have made one helluva President. God bless Texas.
@SenTedCruz would be nice to have more info.
You need to start speaking up for the people of Texas who support President Trump and pass some bills. Passed repeal bill twice??????
Back the President, and I'll show you more interest.  #maga
Y'all libs are brainwashed with IDEOLOGUE OF ISIS. His son-in-laws and daughter is Jewish. He don't support any White SUPREMACIST.
Amarillo by morning!
Would be nice to know where you are.
Why wont U release yr sched? 
Why wont yr ofc tell constits where U R?

#SenTedCruz #TedCruz #TxSen #gobetogo #ElPasoTimes #ATX #CruzCrew

Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 

Please just stay out of Texas, the people here hate you. We can't get rid of you thanks to the good ol boy money system that is our politics
Gross. Please don't, that's way too close to home.
Why isn't Houston on that list?  It's the largest city in Texas.  You'd have a very large audience.
Afraid of San Antonio...here kitty kitty....
@RAYBAEZ2 KKK BLM Antifa ALL one & the SAME & Democrat born..CALL them out...
Spawn of Satan Cruz works to sell off Federal lands to appease his donors. Cruz supports the supremacists agenda to destroy America.
Any real #TownHalls with your non-paying, definitely voting constituents?
Watch out that this garbage don't come to texas

You put the wrong person in the picture, that's what Obama did.

Cowering under a rock. Coward
@RNC @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Words aren't enough, ACT LEGISLATE TO STOP HATE! HATE IS NOT AN AMERICAN VALUE! #ImpeachTrump #DoSomethingGOP
Are these town halls, open to all constituents? Or are they specific groups?
Why are you only going to very Red areas. Afraid to venture into Blue areas of our great state?
This. How about we meet in Houston? @SenTedCruz
Katy is close enough to Houston but is about a 580 mile drive for me. Closest TH to me is Lubbock, 300 miles away.
Katy bleeds red
Resign now. You are Despicable.


Senator which ones shouting "Jews won't replace us" Friday night are the "good people" Trump is referencing?
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ABeRg2iTjc …
When are you going to have a #TOWNHALL and listen to your constituents
Why no town halls in Houston?  Constituents want to meet you.
Are any of them to demand that your party's White Supremacist president resign? Not interested otherwise. #complicit #NoNaziUSA
If I had the morals of a democrat I could drive to TX to vote for you 
Where do I find the time and location, nothing on twitter???
Need help with taxes soon! My taxes are more then my mortgage in ATX
Shame on you supporting violence is never the answer I was starting to think u had a sole. Guess not
YOU ARE NO MORE THAN A HYPOCRITE. Empty words empty deeds.
Are these TH meetings? Will you be distancing yourself from 45.  Have you arranged for Natalie Romero, the young Texan, to come home?
You make a show when in come to Trump, but say nothing about yesterday's ruling of discriminatory voter maps.
White Nationalist & Nazi rallies coming to Texas!! Good old Tea Party rallies. Reminiscing about "Tea Party" & racist BS.
Did I understand that you fussed at President Trump after his first comment on Charlottesville?
Coward. How about you come to Austin or San Antonio or Houston or El Paso or Dallas?
Cruz is too much of damn coward to face any real discourse and knows he has to rally his equally shameful base. #Resist
I wholeheartedly agree with your statement regarding  Charlottesville. However, this country needs action from the GOP!  #impeachtrump
Where has Tea Party gone? They had "rally" in Charlottesville this past weekend. White Nationalists & Nazis basically compromised Tea Party
Obama care repeal and replace still waiting for your plan
Hey Ted, the president is openly welcoming Nazis in his administration. What have you got to say about that? #DoSomethingGOP  #donaldtrump
Crickets..kitty kitty
Will you speak out against the hate from the left or did Soros buy you too?  I am not a Nazi for loving my country
I stand with OUR President. Hope you do too!
Teddy, why do you support @realDonaldTrump who is a known Nazi sympathizer? Are you a bigot as well?
Do you support the removal of Southern monuments? You need to make your position clear.
Unacceptable
Former Grand Wizard of the KKK praising Donald Trump's press conference: https://twitter.com/DrDavidDuke/status/897559892164304896 …
And follow @BetoORourke to see a better future for Texas! #BetoForTexas
Cruz holds 4 events, wow! .@BetoORourke is on to his what, 20th? Ted, you are out of touch, it's time to go back to the family you betrayed.
Unacceptable. Call him out by name!!
Trump: "I think there's blame on both sides... you also had people that were very fine people on both sides." (via ABC) 
Why is this ok? How will you fix it?
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Still having a meltdown after he clearly denounced kkk white supremacy and all hate groups. Quack!
Nooooope
Trump: "I think there's blame on both sides... you also had people that were very fine people on both sides." (via ABC) 

Former Grand Wizard of the KKK praising Donald Trump's press conference: https://twitter.com/DrDavidDuke/status/897559892164304896 …
