20 Texas Republicans voted against Hurricane Sandy relief! 20! Ted & Cornyn were 2 of them. Prayers to Texans! Jeers to their "leaders"! Sad
Why did that moron advise his city to NOT evacuate?
Because he's a democrat
That's what I said
But Mayor Parker was a Democrat, and one very smart woman.
There are exceptions to every rule
I would also be one of them.
Also one can be very smart and still be an idiot
Is it true #Houston mayor directed by #Democrat leadership not to evacuate hoping to create #crisisaftercrisis to be used against @potus?
2.5 million ppl stranded, bumper to bumper on highway? Yeah, that would have been safe! TX Natl Guard not fully activated until Monday? Why?
You want guard to be able to enter effected area not be stranded with the people who are in trouble.
He says from the safety of DC.
We need more negativity in this world. SICK
Inevitably Texas Republicans only care when it's Texas
Here's the vote for Sandy aid. 179 of the 180 no votes were Republicans. I count at least 20 Texas Republicans. 

http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2013/roll023.xml … 
This is sign of Great America. They don't need Trump or anybody to teach them humanity or generosity. Great going..appreciated.
Senator, we are all thinking about the people of Texas. You are not alone.
https://twitter.com/GeorgWebb/status/901920679922212864 …
"Entertainment news" cares little about bringing people together. Lies and hate are what Fox is all about.
Entertainment news?? Are you serious ?
That is exactly what Fox labeled themselves a long time ago while being sued for false statements. Judge ruled in their favor as a result.
With a week's advance notice of the storm, why didn't people leave? Why didn't the mayor issue an evacuation to protect jobs if they left?
Did you see all those senior citizens sitting in water up to their waist??? Great response and preparedness. It sure didn't look like it.
Talk to your brilliant mayor
Utahn's love Ted and Texas!
God bless Texas!
Its the sameway here in louisiana
Would have voted for you but not on ticket.  Go CRUZ!
That's real America. That is our Nation's foundation. People helping people not hurting and destroying. God is with Texans
Except of course if, say, a transgender member of the National Guard shows up to help - you wouldn't want their help would you, @tedcruz?
Where is Red Crud. Isn't this his state. Haven't seen him anywhere.
Sorry Ted Cruz. Autocorrect gets me every time.
If we had the wall it wouldn't have gotten threw. Mexico is killing our beloved Texans! Outrages!
This post is from some idiotic jerk. This is not trumps account.
Without the disaster this is what America needs!!!!
They have no choice but help each other. Trump cannot be bothered on his Camp David vacation, rounds of golf, tweeting his Missouri win.
God bless you Texas 
True. But, also look at Liberal vultures making political "hay" out of it too. They sicken me.
I want all of America to come together to fight the globalist nwo goons
To bad you don't
Of course they do! Tx getting help from whole of America. Regret not helping with Sandy now that you're walking in their shoes? (8th gen TX)
Trump wasn't president for Sandy, your precious Obummer was.
Thank you for expressing your kind and thoughtful opinion
Except you want those federal funds you voted to deny NY
Well Mayor, why didn't you tell them to evacuate?

My mom & brother are on the roof, still waiting to be rescued. Her phone is about to die! Please help. 6606 Reamer St, Houston, Tx 77074
You going to vote against aid for Texas the way you did aid for hurricane Sandy states?
Oh, you mean you guys don't just sit on the ground waiting to be handed something? You actually DO something? Without the GOVERNMENT??!? 
That is why I live and love Texas
But #climatechange doesnt exist, right?  All cyclical, right?
When stuff that happens to at-risk areas like Bangladesh finally happens to u.
Texan Love!
God bless Texas....................
That confuses @TheDemocrats , they rather fight alongside #MSM
Funny:Ted thinks storm victims are layabouts looking for a handout. Also, there is no storm: Trump / Fox News informed me its a Chinese hoax
Ted now your ass is under water n u cry wolf when others needed u blocked aid n money u hypocrite
...because they sure as hell don't help anyone else (Sandy) @tedcruz
Time for America to help Texas. I pray organizations and industry rally to raise money for Texas Hurricane victims. Time to be One Country.
Texans are strong. God bless Texas
Few liberals in Texas does wonders to how Texas citizens come together
You probably don't know it but you're a schmuck
how things should work - https://buff.ly/2ggsd7s 
#TropicalStormHarvey #PainefulTruth #harvey #texas

Thank U  H.A.Goodman 4 interviewing me https://twitter.com/hagoodmanauthor/status/899438112153128960 …
#Harvard researchers have found evidence that #Exxon misled the public  on #climate #science http://read.bi/2v9IjX6  #BI_Science #Tillerson
