We don't care. Only #MerrickGarland #StolenSeat #DoublesStandard #shameonyou #resist
So was Merrick Garland, but you refused to even consider him.
The Senate Democrats are simply listening to their constituents. No hearing for Garland, a no vote on Gorsuch. #StolenSeat #Obamaschoice
Please be willing to shut the gov't down for Judge Gorsuch.  The will of the people must be honored.
do NOT make any 60 vote deals with Hell-bound Democrats!  we won the election!!!
Kinda tired of this. He was nominated by a president who is under investigation. And the seat was stolen by YOU not doing your job. So stop.
No he isn't. He's against IDEIA & has been nominated by an illegitimate pres. He's under investigation w 0 right 2 nominate.#dontchangerules
WH is illegitimately nominating a person who has no right to be there. #gorsuch is against children w disabilities getting their education
No confirmation while WH is under investigation. #nogorsuch
You are all full of it! Bunch of phonies...Crooks and Liars. We are working for change and TERM LIMITS.
You shouldn't say that on 4/1. Gorsuch is only mainstream for corporations. Certainly not qualified or independent.
Judge Gorsuch is a well-qualified, independent, and mainstream #SCOTUS nominee with the right judicial temperament for the Supreme Court. 
Of course Gorsuch is indeed qualified.
You are just a petty troll. Gorsuch sided with a corporation that gave their truck driver 2 impossible choices. He's not in least qualified.
I suggest you listen to the words of Neal Katyal speaking of the injustice done to Garland. Also the Bar Assc perfect report on Him #stolen
Merrick Garland
Too bad about his willingness to sit in a #stolenseat.
Educate yourself.  In election year no judge is ever appt. until election is over.  You Dems need to start following the law and rules
Educate myself about your fantasies? Dismal prospect.

Evasiveness? Tunnel vision?
@SenateDems @CNN @NBCNews @ABC @FoxNews No SCOTUS confirm while FBI invest of WH. GOP planned to keep seat 4/4 if Clinton won8yrs
Gorsuch is NOT mainstream. Stop with the propaganda. @GOP only represents donors, not constituents!
Well qualified to side with bigover the average American. #DoTheRightThing for your constituents not your donors. #RESISTANCE
MERRICK GARLAND is a well-qualified, independent, and mainstream #SCOTUS nominee with the right judicial temperament for the Supreme Court.
No. No he's not. Then again you guys think the same of Donald Trump as President so clearly your judgment is flawed.
I tended to agree UNTIL his avoidance in certain areas of questioning, became suspect & who is paying for these ads?   What's their agenda?
It's ok we are paying for the Democrats who had not done squat in 8 years except screw the Country and nothing since the election. No bills?
U thieving traitors
put foolishness a side and support judge Gorsuch he is more quality than some of those on the supreme Court Democrats show up.
So was Merrick Garland....
No he was nominated by a traitor
Judge garland. Judge garland. Go dems. Block block block.
@SenTedCruz NO to Gorsuch! The whole WH & most senates are for big corps. We at least need a judge for the AMERICAN PEOPLE! 
No, he not. Stop putting party before country. You will be voted out.
.@tedcruz perhaps so, but So is Judge Garland.  Sen. Ted "NaySay" Cruz double standard and double Speak.
"well-qualified" to help corporations.
no, he Is not. You are pushing the right wing agenda on the entire UNITED STATES
Gorsuch has 'right judicial temperament for SCt if you are a large company, not an employee sitting in sub-zero weather for hours.
You're advertising.  Hmmm...who is writing that check?
So is Judge #MerrickGarland @POTUS44

#StolenSeat #VoteNO #StopGorsuch #FillibusterGorsuch #SCOTUS

#Trump is under #FBI investigation. Bad!
@SenateDems #McConnell wants2 change rules 2get hisway.That isnt appropriate under any circumstances. We have rules 4civility. Follow them.
I'm watching Dean of Sen speaking in Judiciary Sub Cmte & you're on your phone. Your contempt & arrogance are disdainful. Show some respect!

Idependent? That's fake news and you know it. Stop hiding your agenda and have courageous honesty.
please confirm Gorsuch
Gorsuch should not be confirmed until we know why Flynn wants immunity, if u were a real Texan you would be calling for the truth
He sure as hell isn't mainstream. He's a bigot, a misogynist, and pro-corporate. Typical conservative hypocrite. #GOPCrooks
HEY @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan JUST PICTURE how #DEMS will LEAD IF AMERICA from LOCAL2 @POTUS will give THEM PWR!
SICK! #WeThePeople GAVE @GOP VICTORY ACROSS AMERICA frm LOCAL 2 @POTUS & @SenateGOP IS in NON-STOP in DEFENSE under #Criminal_DEMS? CHICKENS
Why the hand-wringing over the nuke option? Anyone really think not using it will stop Dems when they want to use it?
Until the FBI investigation into the elections is resolved, a life-long appointment should not be made.

#NoGorsuch
You would never agree to it if the shoe was on the other foot & you know it.

"Against all enemies, foreign and domestic." Uphold your oath.
Lol
Lol, not this time. Nothing is legit until we get a full investigation into the Russian hacking
Maybe instead of the RINOs in the party fighting Trump, they should join the majority and learn how to win from Trump.
#treason #traitor #complicit #collusion #russia #partyovercountry #abettor #wrongsideofhistory #accomplice #collaborator
You mean right WING temperment.
So was Garland. It would appear your hypocrisy knows no bounds! The 115 GOP is a pox on this nation, y'all are on the wrong side of history!
#JudgeGorsuch lacks cognitive diversity; his narrow view leaves no room for modern day issues facing the nation and #SCOTUS;
Instead of putting out a advertisement, you ask him questions about his understanding and beliefs on law during a committee hearing?
He is always on the side of Big Business. Please Don't Confirm Him Please
@SenTedCruz Amen
@SenTedCruz Right on
So was Merrick Garland......don't let GOP get away with playing politics
Judge Garland was a well-qualified, independent, and mainstream #SCOTUS with the right judicial temperament for the Supreme Court. Hmmm.
This Supreme Court should have been nominated during Obama. Not fair, fillibuster. Every candidate
@SenTedCruz you guys need to clean up the shadow hanging over the presidency impeach and start a. New election.
And his name still isn't "Merrick Garland".
#Fail #Garland
No. He is a judge who ruled badly in several cases between corporate America and ordinary people
You stool don't get it. #impeachGOP
Mainstream??? Nope. Merrick Garland sure was, tho. #WeAreTheMajority and #WeObject.
Time to put an end to this terrorist group! Pass -> Muslim Brotherhood Terrorist Designation Act https://www.cruz.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=2953 … 
#MBHterroristGroup
I see that cloud comin' !!!
So many old white guys. So little patience.
#stolenseat #illegitimateSCOTUS
no SCOTUS confirmation until trump investigation Americans deserve truth before lifetime appointment granted.
Nope
After blocking Merrick Garland for 230 days?  No way! 411: Presidents serve for 4 years  & make appointments EVERY year of their term!
: Remember  your actions with Garland
If Trump dropped Bannon, learned the Constitution from @KrisAnneHall, ignore Ryan, this wouldn't be happening.
Or to answer her questions...
He refused to meet with Senator Tammy Duckworth of IL not once, twice but 3 times. The right judicial temperament?!
With Gorsucb the people lose to corporations.  Not main stream.  Convoluted.  Not straight forward.  Problematic.
Americans voted for @HillaryClinton and don't want conservatives walking back on equality for women, gays, and minorities. #growup
And Merrick Garland wasn't? You guys are jerks. All you do is whine and stamp your feet if you don't get what you want. The majority of....
And you are an unqualified bag of gas, lyin' Ted, and a lapdog for Donnie-guess he was right on 1 thing
He is not mainstream now  is he independent. Can you communicate without lying @SenTedCruz? Seriously, can you?
He is a corporations are people believer! #resist
Gorsuch is a right winged ass who only looks after big corps. He is unfit to sit on the Supreme Court!!!
Mainstream? In what alternative reality? Independent? Siding with business recurring in his rulings. It's on your conscience #integrity
Gorsuch has demonstrated willingness to allow employers to impose religion on employees.  You don't own us. Vote no on Gorsuch.
I love how the Libs support Garland when hasn't been grilled & scrutinized in confirmation hearings like #confirmgorsuch was! Hypocrites!!
Nice dog
What did McCaskill mean when she indicated #confirmgorsuch does not have the same values as the Dems do?? He has American values & proved it
So was Merrick Garland.
Doesn't appear to be nonpartisan because of how he disk the Dems. Disrespectful with a tude.
Nope! Nothing gets done till you, GOP man up and investigate Trump, then Garland needs to be confirmed
Corporations are not people.
Dems are doing this 4 revenge. Proving they un-American & stupid. Judge Gorsuch will, however, get in. Thanx, Mr. President, 4 his selection
Your President is an Incompetent Fool. All of you are Complicit in this Scam of a Presidency. Reflect on the meaning of Integrity..
Garland!
I liked his ruling that it was OK to fire trucker who abandoned load to keep from freezing to death.
Almost as good a pick as MERRICK GARLAND. Nope, I take it back. Not even close. GOP's still standing in Contempt o'th'Constitution.
He's qualified AND refuses to answer certain questions which might reveal how his politics influence his decisions.  AND YOU KNOW
@SenTedCruz so was Merrick Garland, no vote TILL FBI CLEARS TRUMP.
Judge Gorsuch routinely chooses objects over humans; entities over individual safeties and rights. Time to lie less, read more.
So was Garland. You wouldn't even allow a hearing, much less a vote!
the person who appointed him is under FBI investigation for collusion with our biggest enemy, nah.
Stop drinking the Kool Aid.
Vote Gorsuch in
@SenTedCruz Guess who else is well-qualified, independent, & mainstream? Merrick Garland, who the GOP obstructed.
What are your thoughts about our President?
.@tedcruz perhaps so, but So is Judge Garland.  Sen. Ted "NaySay" Cruz double standard and double Speak.
Then it should be no problem to get sixty votes. His near flawless record screwing people in favor of corporations could be an issue though.
Stolen seat...Senate didn't do their job.  MGarland, first...
Of course that's not the issue at all. At issue is you, Sen. Hatch, and your subversion of the SCOTUS appointment process. #Garland
No one should be placed on the Supreme Court until the investigation into the Trump administration's ties to Russia is concluded.
Just as qualified as the Obama pic? Should take him just as long to get to be SCOTUS
Stop dragging ur assed.
investigation independent over Russian&trump STOP cover LAIR trump STOP conflicts off interest on family Trump !!!TRANSPARENCY!!!
You guys are such hypocrites. That makes me angry! #noprobenorobe  #resist
Gorsuch WILL be on the Supreme Court  with or without the Democrates
So was Garland. (And Obama wasn't under FBI investigation.) #novote
Gorsuch well-qualified for ALL Americans. Whining liberals just can't get beyond political bias. Their attitude hurts America. GROW UP!
#ReadyforGorsuch do whatever is necessary to make this well qualified Judge Gorsuch to become Justice Gorsuch.  We are with you.
With my deeply respect, with my hire privilege, l except, the nomination,  off Judge, Gorsuch, with the hire respect,!
stolen seat, dilirious president,  investigation of pres for complicity w/ foreign power, SCOTUS candidate a toady of corporate interests...
You senator don't care about constitution! Or else you would be talking about separation of powers, nepotism, conflict of interest etc.
You all want him so bad. He must really be willing to help you cheat the system so you all cont to get rich and the poor poorer.
No vote until Russia/Trump investigation over.
Treason- The betrayal of one's own country by waging war against it or by consciously/purposely ACTING TO AID its enemies. TRUMPS TAXES NOW!
Yeah ok, and trump is a republican.
If the current President is "outgoing,"  the precedent is not to nominate.   Let's wait for @VP's promotion.   #MAGA #winning #LOCKHIMUP
Time for the nuclear option. Press the bomb release. NOW!
GOVERNMENT SHOULD COME TO A HALT UNTIL RUSSIA INVESTIGATIONS ARE RESOLVED ONE WAY OR ANOTHER.
Stolen appt nominated by a president with shady if not treasonous dealings and promoted by the same people who blocked the last vote.Perfect
Traitors of America will fight this.
Key word for Ted, "right"
@SenTedCruz so in other words he is similar to Judge Garland?  #hypocrites
Attention: The preceding STATE SPONSORED NEWS has been approved for release to the people.
Not  until we know we have a legitimate POTUS. And by the way, you're trying to steal the seat.
Do u know what mainstream means?
And you have no problem with the traitors who nominated him? Party before country, you're real patriots. #MerrickGarland
DO NOT WIMP OUT IF YOU HAVE TO GO NUCLEAR THE GO NUCLEAR AMERICA IS BEHIND YOU BUT REPUBLICANS NEED TO GET A BACK BONE.
Merrick Garland should be chosen next. No Trump picks while he is under investigation
Getting all @GOP together to say nice things mean nothing.This is a stolen position and appointed from someone under a federal investigation
u said in election year no seat, since it will be impeachment year, same no seat action applies.
So stop the nonsense and confirm him, NOW. You are cowards. Tell the dems you are voting NOW.
Gorsuch won't be confirmed!!!
Honestly...this voter will think you are corrupt if you persist with this nomination. You are jeopardizing democracy. Wait.
This country was never founded on party lines. It was founded on the freedom to vote for what is right for the people. @FoxNews @CNN
Have you been smoking your socks?  He's the voice of big business. Bad choice.
We're not buying your disingenuousness on this Gorsuch is far from mainstream and pro-corporate. Garland represented the mainstream.
You guys - @SenateGOP - are, basically, lobbyists, so anything you say is suspect at best.
No he isn't. #AlternativeFacts once more coming from you. He's not for #WomensHealth #WomensRights #LGBTQrights #StandWithPP
Then he shouldn't have any problem mustering 60 votes - if he can't try again with a candidate that can muster 60
As is Merrick Garland, my friends.
So was Garland but hey he was not going to be trump's "do boy" or republican's puppet. We already know how he feels about women & LGBTQ's.
Stop Gorsuch
Yes, He an old Corporation Loving Scumbag
Unfortunately, he has no constitutional authority to be on the court. Appoint Judge Garland and try again next time a seat opens up.
Gorsuch is a 10 million dollar bought and paid for corrupt judge working against the working man for the indifferent corporations.
Anyone who tells someone that they should have frozen to death is not qualified #stolenseat
Merrick Garland fit all of those accolades. You played political games and are now complaining that karma stinks?
He has my vote!!  Let's get this party started!!
If you trust 45 and his white nationalist regime-NOPE #RefuseFascism #2018iscoming #resist
Merrick Garland.
Nope! This is all lies. He consistently puts corporations over people, rules AGAINST women's rights & the LGBTQ community, and is corrupt.
Do not confirm a nominee from a hack, traitor so-called-president @GOP @TheDemocrats @womensmarch
but you had to mess that up
so was Merrit Garland
