Was Irans Republican Guard put on the terrorists list? It’s reported the President fell short on this designation. Please clarify!  Thanks!
This is a childish decision made by an uninformed president.  This, like everything else he does,puts us at odds with the world
They r n compliance! Is letting taliban go to Afghanistan to burn poppy fields terrorism since the US military protects them?
He stepped up and done something ! Hint Hint
No he didn't, he punted it down the road to Congress so they can do nothing as usual for 60-90 days then well be back to this again & again
Tell your rhino friends they r going to get voted out! Stop blocking Trump!!!! We elected him. Thank you Senator Cruz.
He didn't Decertify it, he left that up to you to do, before fixing Ocare, working on PR recovery and oh yeah Tax reform, all before Xmas GL
The US is losing credibility over this poor decision!
Why would North Korea negotiate on its nuclear program if US walks away from a deal international agencies say Iran is living up to?
The deal was a disaster from the beginning when Obama accepted ridiculous conditions and paid them a ton of money.
What conditions?? Name some.
To have any kind of inspection you have to send a previous noticed and then schedule it. Enough time for them hide anything.
You are kissing Trump’s ass after he defamed you wife and father. He’s a sexual predator and you took your little girls to have dinner w/him
You support white supremacist which is domestic terrorist! Why don’t you start in your own backyard!!!
Ted Cruz ignorance and stupidity hasn't changed. DJT still has his balls. Not even a real man. DJT bashed his father and wife he did nothing
you are so very right We agree 
#ObamaTraitor' s deal with TREASON!
Decertification requires lies by POTUS.  You support doing harm to US.  None dare call it treason.
Liked any good porn lately?
You're the sicko ...supposed "Rev."
Big fan sir.
Lyin' Ted still lyin'
What is your alternative?
Where is your plan?
This is gonna be just like #Obamacare! We know what to do, and we know how to do it!
FAILURE!
No he is not, he mentally ill,whst is ur excuse.
USA no longer trusted by world- ever fewer friends- you are also responsible #25amendment #realpatriotsresist @all100senators
Was POTUS right when he called out your wife as ugly too? You are pathetic.
@POTUS is correct about the Swamp which TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz is a member of. #DrainTheSwamp
Cruz is no more than a jewsh dog who barks loudly to appease jews.. For votes nd funds
Morons ARE Governing America indeed! #LoseCruz2018
What condition has Iran violated?  #askingforafriend
Donald continues to isolate our country from the world and you applaud every move. Shameful. #repealandreplaceTed
Can’t wait for Iran to become the next nuclear power- say bye bye Israel!
Iran will never defeat Israel.
Not so fast. The deal with Iran keeps us safe. Check with former DOE sec’y Moniz before you spout off in ignorance
You still cashing Mercer checks?  Look at your own sentence... he's" right to decertify their compliance" ??? WTF Canuck?
any tweet or words out of Moron-in-chief’s mouth that the GOP Senator-at-Large will disagree with?  Is GOP PAC  tied to your silence
Damn tooten
There us a reason you are not president! Think about it!
we will now be a nation that cannot be trusted.
trump is wrong to recertify the Iran agreement. It will bring us closer to war.
@tedcruz have you noticed that everyone who responds negatively has almost no Followers? Pretty sure they're Bots
Thankyou for supporting our President @SenTedCruz and God bless you
You are an embarrassment to our state and our country.
You all just keep inviting WAR to our doorsteps, and I'm tired of waking up and seeing what new horrors we have to deal with today!
Agreed
The fact that you tried to argue w/ Bernie Sanders on politics means your ideologies do not represent us here, you're only there for Trump.
I can't even rest as a Veteran because you degenerates spend our V.A. money for kicks then prepare our kids to die for your politics!!!
Are you competent? He just put us on a collision course for a two front nuclear war!
You should leave the Senate! You disgrace us Texans!
Great decision.  Those who disagree need to research Shi’a “twelvers”.  This is who runs Iran, and their GOAL is to bring about Armageddon.
You really are shoveling it deep. Do you realize the impact? They are in compliant other items were not discussed. Stop the nonsense.
fool! WWIII here we come! The true focus of the @gop! Destory the world as we know it. @POTUS
Even though UN inspectors and every Intelligence agency says they're in compliance?  Bizarre reality you live in.  #LeadFromBehind
 percent Senator!
He’s absolutely wrong to do so. 
Sincerely, your constituent.
Prestige of  as leader of the world will be irreparably harmed by decertifying all for sake of this man's damaged psyche. Sincerely, 77005
At least he does what he says, unlike all of the "Repeal and Replace " Senators.
That's interesting Ted, since he apparently was cool laundering their money through one of his hotels.
Iran has been fighting the terrorists that we and our friends the Saudis have been arming.
No doubt Ted and President can get Iran on an even keel with North Korea. I feel safer already.
No one would trust future treaties with America. Think before you talk. Long term ramifications.  Geez
Glad to see you standing shoulder to shoulder with potus.
Not to mention undermining credibility of western alliances. So much #WINNING for #MAGAts.
Please help with this unconstitutional ELD MANDATE @ELD_or_ME @OOIDA
ELD is communist
Quit being  just another poodle for Trump History will be harsh
God Bless our troops and families!
yep.......
Look at this guy lol.  The guy accused your father of killing JFK!!!
He was more right to designate you #LyinTed. You've  a face even a daughter wouldn't kiss
U finally sound smart
If you agree with @POTUS on this, then now I know it's a terrible idea.
Are you kidding all our allies agree they are keeping thier end up what is wrong do u all want war a deal is a deal unless broken
Hallelujah!
Do you ever have a thought that doesn't involve sucking up to someone?
Don't you have some porn to be looking at?
