So, the parent tests positive, who feeds their children?  Opiate addiction is horrible and what happens to the family?
Don't care....
This has been proven not to work. Dumb!
This bill affects 2 types f ppl. 1) where ppl were fired because of drugs 2) workers looking for jobs in occupations are drug tested
It's unconstitutional and a waste of money.
No if someone was fired from a job for using drugs it's not. This is not welfare very different and paid for by employers at state level.
Why would anyone object to this? Should government pay unemployment benefits to a person getting high?
Don't happen to know the cost per person vs having to pay out for someone for 26 weeks. Part of these benefits are paid into by the worker
I will say though that unemployment benefits should be optional. I've paid for it all my life and only used it once.
@SenTedCruz @jslovegrove Cruz is such a dog. Donny publicly insults his wife and now he's licking his boots. 
This bill reverses something that Obama put in affect within months of his presidency ended. Tell us how things sets us back so far?
I don't know if you're talking to me or just barking at the air. WTF?
I was just barking in the air. Why in the world would I talk to you
I'm a great conversationalist. I have many deep and witty insights about things you like
Maybe I will consider it down the road.
Give yourself plenty of time and space, then reach out if it feels right. I'll be here.
@ChaseBell98 for the amount of offenders it finds its not worth the $$ spent testing. Cost more then it saves.
In my state I pay into unemployment it's already my money not the governments like social security we pay into it then it's not entitlement.
heaven forbid they should expand training options.
Well, I have to drug test to work
Looks like the change only affects these 2 examples (1) workers who had been discharged from their last job because of unlawful drug use
#TIME says research shows it's a waste of #gov #money. Did #drug test firm donate $ to your campaign?
They need only see how much money Florida wasted on drug testing - which directly benefitted Gov. Scott's own bank account - go figure.
Lets get that drug testing for welfare recipients on President Trump's desk immediately.
@tedcruz @jslovegrove BREAKING NEWS LYING  OBAMA LYING  RICE CAUGHT SPYING  ON TRUMP  AND THE AMERICAN VOTERS! LOCK THEM UP
The swamp grows; waste of government resources!!
Senator Cruz, you did good! Congrats and thanks. @HouseGop @SenateGop #TrumpTrain @VP #MAGA
Let's drug test all federal employees and elected officials first.
@tedcruz @jslovegrove This is big!
This is so expensive.  Other states did this and went over $2 Million in the hole to find under a 100 people out of 100's of thousands.
That's bs......what about the ones that did not even try because they knew they would fail.....you can't see them so you don't count em...
This is good. Willl seeall the democrats falling by theway-side
@tedcruz @jslovegrove Well Done!!
It's an all in cost of about $90 for the test. We offer 99 weeks of unemployment. The "cost too much" argument doesn't hold water.
Unconstitutional
thats getting govt out of ppls lives. crazy
Can someone explain to me why Senator Bill Nelson is in on this...and smiling about it?
What a great idea. Somebody that cares refreshing
Yeah Florida tried that for benefits but pulled it when challenged on courts due to invasion of privacy I believe #ItWontFly
Good !!!
Wish this could have happened years ago. There might have been many more complete families.   Traditional
Let's vote for them to have the same health care we have...a freeze on their salaries and drug testing for Z
Ted Cruz is such a PHONEY! YUCK!!!
@SenTedCruz @jslovegrove #can the same be done for ebt, wic, child support, etc?!?
Another @GOP bill proven to cost more to do than the money it saves, for conservatives y'all sure are ass backward in your methods
I look forward to the day @JoaquinCastrotx takes @tedcruz's job..
Small govt fans Ted and Brady create another bureaucracy that targets poor despite much evidence that cost of program far exceeds benefit.
Let's do the same to Welfare recipient's!
@tedcruz @jslovegrove - reintroduce Dec 2016 House Bill that Obama vetoed - HR 1777 - debt relief for USA !
@tedcruz @jslovegrove now if they could drug test Congress and their aides that would be Great
More outdated policy from the @GOP that has already been proven numerous times to be ineffective and extremely costly to taxpayers. @tedcruz

I wholeheartely AGREE WITH THIS.  No Freebies for Druggies
Thank you Thank you
Yes!
Right to privacy 4 amendment to US constitution, stated 'The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects
If i have to be tested to EARN money they should have to be tested to be handed money for sitting on their asses
To qualify for unemployment you must employed for a period of time.  Just because a person Lost a job doesn't mean they use drugs.
Then they have nothing to fear from a drug test.
How would you feel about a drug test to own a 9mm hand gun?
Im down drugs are illegal plan and simple
@SenTedCruz @jslovegrove what about welfare people??? We know many of the unemployed can't get jobs because of drug test!!
@tedcruz @jslovegrove Good Job. Pls now shut down #BirthTourism. Consider America in 10-15 yrs. when they return. Eco. & Safety
Outstanding!!!
Drug addiction is a disease and should be treated as such. Should have no revelance in unemployment benefits that were earned!
the problem is a lot of people work just long enough to get unemployment and then try to keep it for as long as possible
Yes and then we arrest them put them private prisons where they can do modern day salvery. How has that been working so far?
Too bad several Federal Courts have already ruled that this is unconstitutional for a number of reasons.
Should be done for welfare reciepents.
How about monthly Drug tests for everyone in the United States.  How about weekly tests for Senators?
Could be good way to get people motivated to change. Drug testing very  cheap. Am concerned about legal drug use though, medical privacy.
@tedcruz @jslovegrove what about the ghetto trash on welfare. Give me a fucking break.
When will the bill for drug testing our elected officials be coming? As they do take public money for their salaries.
Look at your punk ass shaking the hand of the man that teased you on the campaign tour. Just to get something you want passed.
As long as we test the politicians too. They also get paid for doing nothing.
@tedcruz @jslovegrove Sen Cruz is a rock star! Love you Ted!
And the Antichrist! Yay for Texas!
See how I'm pushing my thumb into his hand. He know's who is the boss now. And he has apologized for everything he said to me... in private.
thank god about time now need to do the same for welfare.
What a great idea
@tedcruz @jslovegrove 
NORCO.... LEADS TO HEROIN!!!! YOU KNOW THIS RIGHT?????   YOU DO NOW!!!!
@tedcruz @jslovegrove 
YOU DO KNOW THAT PRESCRIPTION MEDS ARE A WORSE PROBLEM... RIGHT????
Next: DRUG TESTS FOR THE "WELFARE FOLKS" THAT ABUSE THE SYSTEM, THAT SHOULD BE USED FOR "THE 1's THAT REALLY NEED IT"
What a waste of money!!!!!!
@tedcruz @jslovegrove Great. Another total waste of our money.
Now we have a true president of this country that believes in us we the people he stands 4 us with us his heart is there and Ours R with him
Great work!
And Brady!
Great bill. Congratulation  to Ted Cruze!!
@SenTedCruz @jslovegrove democrats go crazy hearing druggies getting tested.
Every time they sign in something new,they do away with 2 other things. Save money.that was put in over a month ago
Go Ted and @POTUS . Should add recipients for all Gov't Welfare Programs
about time...I bet most people think the states drug test but states don't ...drug test or don't take the money
@JoeXpressauto @jslovegrove now to test Social Services recipients!If we have to be tested at work,THEY DO FOR NOT WORKING #MAGA
What a fucking waste of money. Fiscally conservative my ass. Who's getting paid by the drug testing companies?
@SenTedCruz @jslovegrove    YES !
Thank God!
It's about time
The absolute right thing to do.
Will #Mexico pay for this one too? This is a huge unnecessary tax that does nothing to prevent abuse. We are now paying $100 to save 50cents
Because that's been shown to be such a prudent use of tax payer money - NOT. #wasteofmoney
And handing out to people who refuse to work is a better use of our money
How much will this cost taxpayers?
saving money. .won't be paying to people doing drugs
Let's drug test Teodoro Cruz first.
I want to say bad words...someone should drug test both of them
Anyone receiving money from the government should be drug tested
Wonder how Lyin' Ted really feels about Lyin' Trump. Both are such hypocrites, so so SAD!!!
No problem with that Cowboy. Obama & Hillary are history, these guys a right now. What have they really done lately for any of us?
These people are the absolute worst.
one more cost for over burdened state agencies. Who pays for this?
Long overdue. It's one thing to ask the public to indemnify a neighbors' misfortune, quite another their poor choices
This is an April Fools joke, right?
I don't think so they love to waste time that's what got ted cruz famous shutting down the government for a stupid reason
