@ChuckNellis  Thank you Senator! You are absolutely correct. God bless you as you continue to fight the good fight
You are misguided. History will judge you. Change your ways. May God have merci of your soul
No. He is not. A true Christian loves humanity, peace, and truth. Only who follows the words of Jesus can be called as such
Well technically christians are for humanity, peace truth are they not?
Jesus armed his apostles with what?
Very weak statement Ted. 

Do you support an independent investigation & special prosecutor?
You do realize that Congress is supposed to provide a check and balance on the executive branch?
Did you forget Trump using Russian active measures to discredit you in the primary?
Trump used multiple Russian active measures against you in GOP primary. Re: your citizenship, JFK, mistresses

http://globalsecuritynewswire.com/2017/03/31/russias-used-active-measures-in-2016-u-s-election-and-will-do-more-in-future-experts-tell-lawmakers/ …
One more thing Ted: Your partisan performance at the Senate judiciary hearing was disgraceful. Not one relevant ? and got owned by Yates.
Where is the Ted Cruz that called Trump a "pathological liar"& utterly amoral." Now he's telling truth on Comey?

6 Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweets about the FBI that are very awkward now  | by @atrupar https://thinkprogress.org/6-sarah-huckabee-sanders-tweets-about-the-fbi-that-are-very-awkward-now-9dbbdad5a145 …
@MONAKatOILS 
Thank you SenTedCruz  
We need all that and someone who is fearless of the msm.,someone not worried about money
Feckless hypocrite.
Lack of concern re: possible obstruction of justice makes one appear an accomplice.  Please come out with more clarifying statement.
"Also, the fact that he would not take the pledge of loyalty to Trump was deeply concerning. Who cares if Russia meddled if Trump won?"
Comey should have been fired after Orlando attack, he scrubbed his intel files of jihad and ignored Disney and the gun shop owner's calls!
Can't wait to hear your spin on this...
Remember when you called @realDonaldTrump dishonest and immoral?  That was the one time I ever agreed with you.
Sen. Cruz, I'm more concerned that our President be beyond reproach. Do your job as my elected senator please. Brown nose not becoming.
Hoping and praying you are our next US Supreme Court justice! 
Toad, rose from illegal alien to Dillon's bagman at Putin/Drumpf Tax Law, to Sen of "Stupid IS bigger" home of "Bigliest Cornhole" Cornyn!
The uproar over comey's dismissal is to, at least, influence the choosing of his replacement. The best choices are already disqualified. BS
Are you pro #trumprussia or #teamUSA?
Mr. Ryan, your excuse that u are just doing your job was echoed in history by others who worked under tyrants and committed unspeakable acts 
Sen Ted Cruz thank you for letting us know you stand with Russia. We hoped you would have protected our own democracy. Now we know.
Senator, who should be held accountable for the MS-13 immigrants let into our country with zero vetting? Can Long Island parents sue?
Comey should have been fired after Orlando attack, he scrubbed his intel files of jihad and ignored Disney and the gun shop owner's calls!
When we heard Grassley ask Yates & Clapper if the FBI asked them about leaks &they both said No this was an "A-HA" moment villainizing Comey
=>Hope Cruz is SCOTUS some day!
Defending the actions of the man who accused your father of JFK's assassination, called your wife ugly, and didn't accept your endorsement?
Green eggs and ham and your throwing your own family under the bus to appease our criminal Pres. disqualifies you from the Presidency.
I can't wait until 2018.
Read your words with trump in mind as it is trump you write about not Comey. Then consider this.
Still defending the guy that called your wife ugly and your dad a murderer. You sicken me.
You sicken me. Im sure Cruz cares as much as you do. He's not defending Trump here. Comey DID need to be fired. Trump or no trump
support our President, fix Healthcare(Ocare sucks) cut taxes and build the WALL!  No excuses!!  Especially lame dem obstruction!
Trey Gowdy would be the best bet there!
Yes Trey Gowdy, checks all of those boxes! 
Mr Cruz I find your statement trite & obviously avoiding the real issue of @POTUS obstructing justice. We want an #IndependentInvestigation
#PatriotsUnited #BuildThatWall #WeThePeople
Never Forget 

Cruz & the GOP will do ANYTHING to stop the #TrumpRussia Investigation.

Not only does Putin have the WH  so does his Press
Do you force your wives to pay for other people to murder children or does she do it willingly?Ephesians 5:25
You will go down on the Trump ship, I will donate to who ever runs against you and I live in Florida. Brown noser.
Kudos to Texas Southern U. for cancelling Senator John "Abramoff" Cornhole as commencement speaker. Go Bethune-Cookman, 2 outstanding teams!
Spot On Ted
not true sounds like he is deep on trumps side sell out. i don't recall american ppl call for comey to leave. sad day
"a man of utmost integrity" & dogged tenacity, qualifications best evidenced by @SenTedCruz's congressional colleague @TGowdySC 
cc @POTUS
Did you take a loyalty oath to Trump? We didn't
We demand a special prosecutor and independent investigation into Trump's ties to Russia! We are not loyal to Trump we are loyal to the USA
Ted Cruz is writing about integrity?  Excuse me while I laugh myself to death.
THENEXT
DIRECTORCANNOT BEAPPOINTEDBY THEPEOPLEBEING INVESTIGATED
 IFIGO2COURT IGET2 HANDPICKMYJUDGEJURY
&SENTENCE
Lyin Ted. Get some balls and refute your President who is a liar too. He demeans a good man who made errors but didn't deserve dismissal.
We will remember this when we go to the polls, you will not be reelected and you will go down with trump! #IMPEACHtrumpNOW
Your masters despise you. They tolerate you only because you eat their feces on national TV..
If donee boy gets charged and it sticks he just screwed hisself!  Thanks to jeff sessions.Hung with his DOJ's rope!
Sally Yates wiped the floor with your face.
licks Donald's anus.
@Johnpdca thanks Senator!
Prosecute 45, if not for obstruction, then witness inimidation! When will you stand up to the lunatic?!
If you are looking for integrity & restoration of public confidence TRUMP or even @GOP ARE NOT the ones to pick successor! They totally lack
Well said, Senator Cruz 
Never thought I'd disagree w/ my Conservative hero,but I do. Btw, Unless one is speaking of what Americans deserve, don't spk4US
So sad you cannot follow your own advise. Party over People is not American!
Independent investigation of Trump. You have to admit this is fishy.
At what point do u put your country over your job?
Nobody really cares what you think #LyinTedCruz You're irrelevant and will soon be voted out of office.
#MoscowTed

:)) what about POTUS integrity? What about POTUS publicly threatening an American citizen? Damn, you're a disappointment @SenTedCruz
Your President is falling apart and you do Nothing?! Shame on you. Trump is a disgrace. The Russsian were in our house laughing at us.
The american people have lost all confidence in the White House. Fire Trump.

well said Senator Ted
You forgot, "and an FBI director the president can control."
#CorrupTED
We DEMAND a special prosecutor and independent investigation into Trump's ties to Russia! We are not loyal to Donald Trump but to AMERICA!
Don't let the ridiculous leftist press push you around.  You and your president won the president because the people want you in charge!
Answer your phones!!.Democrats are lining up & Trump is offing himself with Russian ties..Your constituents are angry & want answers! Man up

Agreed. Dems know the truth.
Support the appointment of a special prosecutor. Enough is enough!!
That's it? Seriously? Nothing to say about the White House's unraveling series of lies about the firing & the ongoing Russia investigation?
Stand strong against Dems & Repubs who want to destroy Trump.
The only way to regain trust is to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Russian interference, possible collusion and the firing.
At least you put the Am people, the Constitution, & integrity above corrupt, lying, games. Unlike maj of Con & Sen! #appreciated
@rharrisonfries Thank you, Sir. Absolutely on point 
 
So you fully support both of the stories the GOP has promulgated about the firing of Comey?

You are guilty of the biggest #Coverup since #Watergate. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCollusion You have no credibility 
your master
Dear Senator, about loosing the trust of the American ppl, I have  trust in @POTUS. Didn't loose it, never had it. Do something about it?
Yes he does. Just as the President. He works for me.
I'm embarrassed and dismayed to be an (R). How can you blindly support a man who is destroying our democracy? Independent Investigation Now!
independant investigation or Beto has my vote @txlege @JohnCornyn @JudgeJohnCarter
Sorry you still support this clown who dissed your family - SAD!
Cruz is bucking for a seat on the Supreme Court. But #Sally Yates proved he is not qualified for the job. Come 2018 we will vote him out
Doesn't the president need to be above reproach? Senators? No fan of Comey, but don't trust Senate investigation. #IndependentCommissionNOW
Cruz sold out principle for Trump party. #Sad
Why didn't you just type me too me too me too?
The man was investigating the Prez.  Support an independent investigation now.
Why do your moronic fans invoke God and bless in the same sentence.  Twits
When will you seek a special counsel to investigate the president?
You're disgusting
You and the rest of the GOP are cowards, afraid to put Country over party.  A truly sad day for America.
Shameful.

Firing Comey is clearly TRUMP trying to destroy the FBI investigation!

#TrumpRussia
Hi joe
I think you should do it Ted!
Do you defend the democratic process??  Will you pursue the Russia investigation or let it slide??  Remember Congress is check and balance!
#CountryOverParty lying Ted
Senators should also be of the "utmost integrity." You fall short of that line time and again. #shame #wrongsideofhistory
Well I see you have turned in to a trump puppet. Congress should be appointing an independent   Counsel to investigate the Russia connection
You are so pathetic.
Predictably gutless response from a gutless tool. Conscience?
Shocker! Cruz has no problem putting #Trump & his derangement over his own family, so why wouldn't he put them over USA too?
This country is suppose to have checks and balances.  Do ur job senator.
hire special prosecutor NOW
Don't run again for POTUS. You are no longer plain spoken champion of liberty we thought you were. You just beg for crumbs from T's table.
How far does Trump have to go? I'm embarrassed that I once supported you. Let us know at what point you will stand up & face this bully.
You are siding with a man who HUMILIATED YOUR ENTIRE FAMILY! 
Grow a pair, Ted!
What has he done that's lost Republicans' confidence? Because you were fine w/him in November...
Senator, we need an independent prosecutor to lead the investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 pres. election. Please support.
Everything said is true.  The issue isn't that Comey shouldn't be fired, it is the timing .. hours after Subpoena's issued in Flynn Invest.
An Indep Comm or Prosecutor is the only way to resolve this fairly, free of Party Politics. There is no trust anymore in WH or either Party.
Waco,Tx I feel James Comey’s firing was of his own making; unacceptable behavior incident& I hope U share my feelings as well
Good for u, Sen Cruz. #DraintheSwamp
Limp fish
We ALSO need confidence in election process.Time to pressure AG & Administration for Special Prosecutor re Russian influence in US election.
It is time to stop being a partisan hack.  Love your country or love your party.  Make a choice.
I think he's made his choice, party it is. 
"Has the President committed offenses...which the Constitution will not tolerate?" Rep. B Jordan #IndependentInvestigation #investigatetrump
And you believe that our President has integrity?  Comey has more integrity in his little finger than Trump will ever have.   Wake up!
You misspelled "I will not rest until a special prosecutor is appointed to investigate."
Have you no shame, sir? Have you no shame?
I agree but you are hardly one to be calling the kettle black with all of the absolute crap you have outright lied about!
Spot on! You sure draw the whiny Dems to your tweets, oh well all they know how to do is hate and whine. Keep up te good work!

#MAGA
Unfortunately 45 can insult you, your dad and your wife and you will be in his corner.  I wonder what has  been promised to you?
Above reproach? Have you looked at the WH lately? What a disappointment you turned out to be.
Party of Putin go back to Russia
Statement: You really do set a low bar for Texas' intelligence in the eyes of the populace, don't you, meatbag?
You can not stop the American people with lies. Trying to cover for Trump/Russia will be the end of your career!
But Trumps timing is bad.  The way he fired him was bad.  Should told comey in person.
spineless
r you scared to face your constituents? You lily liveried cur
why r you not answering your phone??!!!
You have lost the people's trust draining the swamp has left it filled with snakes
Forget the Russians already. Hillary lost because she was a bad candidate.
You're my representative. Call for an Independent Council for the Trump-Russia Investigation. No Comey, now need an Independent. Thank you.
Class act and right on.
The American people don't trust you either, and yet I don't see you getting fired.  I guess that will come next election
If Ted does not support an independent investigation, FIRE HIM AT HIS NEXT ELECTION.
SAD.  Trust or no trust in Comey, an independent, non-partisan investigation needs to be done so all questions are answered. We deserve that
Since when can we trust anything that the Trump Admin or opportunistic politicians like yourself to choose an FBI Director of quality. Flynn
You know the truth about Comey and why was fired. Please be honest about it.
Appoint special prosecutor to investigate #trumprussia. Country over party. #betofortexas
Thankds
Disrespectful, unprofessional and mean-spirited treatment of Mr. Comey and FBI employees. Jeff Sessions cut from same cloth.
Well, I guess it is a good thing you are not held to those standards b/c you have no integrity and always Cruz 1st, GOP 2nd, country last.
#MarchForTruth
Would be nice if those characteristics could apply to, you know, a president, or even a senator.
