notice who did not say happy birthday @realDonaldTrump
he's rolling over in his grave right now.
And when I was a kid, Reagan was the host on "Death Valley Days." I now watch Reagan in reruns on METV channel
Agreed.  Belongs on Mt. Rushmore! !!!!
unlike yours.
well said Honest Ted
Pres. Reagan was a good man, he would be so ashamed of you and our president. #NoonDeVos #78628
what do you know about being a patriot you elected a liar and a traitor to be President of this great country Shame on you
Yes he was the very best.
shame on you! At least Reagan had morals, values and the courage to stand up 4 them! Shame! #peopleoftheworld
Happy Birthday to our GREAT President. 

Senator Ted Cruz is in the closest mold to President Regan as any REPUBLICAN SINCE!
That's the funniest tweet I've read in a long time. Thank you. 
Well Milton here's another funny statement. We're u N diapers or not born yet during Regan years?Sooo funny haha:)
It's Reagan, dumbshit. Your comeback's as bad as your comparison. I'd take Reagan over that lizard Rafael any day.
RR - the man who sent this nation on the journey down the toilet.
he would be so ashamed of you and your party.
Ronald Reagan had an optimistic view of America. .@realDonaldTrump has a 'Mad Max' view.
Reagan would slap you down like an imbecilic, wimpy, school kid. You've made a mockery of his party, you weasleheaded numpty.
@Baird 

Ted, you know that actually he's dead right?
Reagan's conservatism was principled and compassionate- @GOP is now just angry clowns who prefer to win than do the rt. thing
No Devos!
Reagan labeled Nelson Mandela as a terrorist and he considered him the Worlds Most Dangerous Criminal. Africa apartheid thanks u
for selling weapons to Iran & the Contras of Nicaragua! Worked out well didn't it? Any other words of wisdom, cretin?
happy birthday President Ronald Reagan...thanks for your services and your sacrifice
I wonder why people celebrate birthdays of people who have passed because obviously they don't have birthdays anymore.
."keep.goin'.MAN"...
Mr Trump, tear down that wall!

I sure loved that man!
if you can say that and support @realDonaldTrump @realdothen Regan is rolling over in his grave!
You would be Reagan 2.0! Keep up the hard work!
would help if you were a patriot and helped ship Bannon out of the White House
Oh how I miss him!
Ronald Reagan was a Great man and Great President ♡ :)
I was able to speak to President Reagan.  Can't say the same for @SenTedCruz @JohnCornyn . Wonder what the difference is? Honor?
something I agree with you on!
I had the Honor 2 have met President Reagan in the 90's at a Charity Event & had my picture taken w/him. A HERO 
....TED CRUZ;  I'M REALLY LIKING THE NEW YOU !!!
Thanks for empowering  children and families by supporting school choice and Betsy DeVos.
Thanks for standing firm for #Traditionalvalues......
Ronald Reagan was A political leader who was very charismatic.  A president like Mr. Reagan comes only once in A century.
a true patriot who sold arms to iran, but hey same party who elects putins boy trump, gop deeply confused on patriotism, honor
how can you wish a dead guy a happy birthday, not like he's going to get cards and a cake?
still not working, I see...
Future Texas will pray to be able to forget the life and disservice to our nation of @SenTedCruz
A true Patriot would turn his phones on and listen to his constituents! Texas 78613. Vote no on DeVos! #noDevos #resist
The one whose "trickle down economics", deregulation fervor and destruction of unions brought us to our knees. What service?
Reagan wouldn't like you either Ted.
It's Trump or Reagan - you can't have both. @SenTedCruz
Ditto Ronald Wilson Reagan, the greatest President in the last 50 years!
He was dumb and incontinent.
#ReaganSmash
clean out your VM and answer your phones! NO on DeVos
You know he's dead, right? And what did you think he would make of today's GOP? Honestly?
Yeah! President Reagan. You suck Ted Cruz!
Reagan defeated the Soviets so we could elect a president that kisses Putin's ass. Way to keep up his legacy.
.@SenTedCruz my God...he would be so ashamed of you. Of all of you.
Ha @ToniTagliarino  I knew who you must be referring to without even following the thread. And yes, I agree @SenTedCruz #RollingInHisGrave
thanks to his great accomplishment- we were able to survive attacks from the left until now- he was a blessing to our nation RIP
I may disagree with many of President Reagan's policies, yet he was a good, honourable man! The GOP has fallen a long way..
Happy birthday 
Isn't it time we put him on coinage or paper bills?
he passed away. Who are you talking to?
Ted Cruz's  Biggest Liability Is Probably His Constant Lying
Great 
