And the song goes ..."The sun will come out tomorrow!!!" But did you see the face in the clouds ?
Woohoo!!!
Booooyahhhhhhhhhhh
Ok???? And ??? The sun is out in the middle east and people die their everyday
Texas 101
it's just the calm before the storm....
Its a miracle!
mash allah
I know Texans are happy about r
That
Amen
Good news at last. We hope everyone stays safe during the clean up. We wish everyone a speedy recovery.
Hope everybody can get back to normal, ASAP
Finally

And all I can think is, "Must be humid AF!"
@patbev21 My Mrs. swears NEVER to complain about humidity & heat in Houston. That alone calls for a HALLELUJAH & Thank you Jesus ! neLove
Hallelujah!  #HarveyFlood
@jakepaul is doing great thing for Houston.Getting involved ,donating,and,helping families in need.
DID ANYONE FIND A LOT OF RAINBOWS?
The Community of Pearland/Manvel you amaze me.  Your output of support is 2nd to none.  And the SC family is spot on. Thank you Big  Ford.
@meglorangerr @LifeofMich29  the sun is out
Yes!!
Thank you Jesus!
Outstanding coverage!  Thanks to all staff and especially those in the field during this tragedy!
Already that's what's up!!!
Praise God
GOD IS GOOD
YES IT IS! My heart goes out to everyone in Houston and surrounding areas! We will get thru this together!
the moon is made of green cheese
I remember when we saw the sun for the first time after days of thousand-year-flood rain in SC in 2015 - many tears were shed. #praying4TX
I have a niece in Houston - she is on elevated ground & safe so far but said all around is devastation #HoustonStrong
I am glad she is safe, Jackie.
Thanks so much Noreen. - Jackie
It's just the storm before the calm..Stay safe dear friends in #Houston .
*calm before the storm
i know what the original is,thank you! I just used the title of anathema's song" the storm before the calm "
interesting, it does fit as well...

PRAISES TO GOD!!!
Connections In Texas
AAAAAND IT'S GONE

It is our Lord Jesus Christ who calmed the storm. For that, we praise his name!
Wow ! So beautiful . Hope everyone having a nice day .  But while your at could you give my YouTube channel a try https://youtu.be/_K2YtItykkE 
YAYYY that's Mother Nature's way of saying "its okay guys and girls, I'm here now. Sorry about my son, don't worry, he'll be gone." :)
The sun is almost out in Houston
Beautiful sight to see.
Cool throne: the sun @scholesy3 @KyleJuliff
Texas weather 
prayers!
HALLELUJAH!!!
Are the airports open? Are roads to IAH still blocked?
Get out the mosquito repellent.
Yay!!!!!!
@Magrinha098 o furacão não está mais no Texas
Wow
Copy that Houston.
Great news...Texas will overc6
Thoughts and prayers still with the people of Texas. And heartfelt thanks to those who have risked and sacrificed their lives to help others
All of the prayers came through.Thank you all

KEEP IT TRILL
The sun  https://instagram.com/p/BWiEIr7jkAH/ 
Thank God!!!
aye we drowing in Beaumont & surrounding 409 areas. send help fam
Y'all we dying in PA
My prayers are with everyone in Houston. #herecomesthesun
Thank you jesus


"We repeat." @AONNRecords
This was a welcomed sight.
It's glorious how at the same time there's people who's so happy to see the sun,and here I wish it Disappear & start raining for a week 
 Immediately started singing from the window, "Tomorrrrrrow TOMORROW the sun will come out tomorrow!!"  #HurricaneHarvey #Houston
I was throwing a wet mattress out into the front yard when the sun came out. Never been so happy to see the sun. Lol
The SUN is out in Houston! 

We repeat.…
So proud to be a Houstonian and part of this incredible city#abc13houston
Wondering
the last time we saw that guy, the moon turned it off.
Amen 
"Here comes the Sun" playing in the background by the Beatles would seem fitting for this post.
We had a beautiful rainbow up in Huntsville.

Thank you lord
Yes!
Houston StrongWe'll bounce backIn Jesus Name Amen  #ShouldersLikeBoulders
#BEAUTIFUL!
Too bad you don't have more #RenewableEnergy.
But ..... there's .... there's still water .. like . Everyfuckingwhere.
Why repeat something we can read twice
From the Song>The Sun will come out tomorrow.  Bet your bottom dollar.
Yesssss!!! A glimmer of hope :)!!!
Sources?
Chris Martin is a saint! Coldplay played Miami & wrote a song for Houston and played it that night! watch the video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCfYOlxtYVI …
I'V NEVER BEEN HAPPIER TO SEE THIS.  #houstonstong 
@realDonaldTrump forget #DrainTheSwamp #DrainTexasGulfCoast #HoustonFlood2017 #HARVEY
This is great, first time forecast has changed and now doesn't have Wednesday as another storm day.
What an awesome site.  Thank you Lord for your grace!
Amen!

Yes it was! Brief, but glorious!

It left again
Can anyone pay attention and help? Even without rains, water Still rises in Millwood in Riverstone, 77479. It is an ocean, need help ASAP!
Yay!  & Finally!  God bless Texas!
But now it's Louisiana's turn.
I-10 West of Beaumont right now 
Oh no 
Ted, the storm is supposed to make a return trip.  You probably didn't know that because scientists are saying it.
@7im Houston, we have a sunbeam

I never want to see another #Harvey Eclipse
I bet it's never felt so good or shone quite so bright. Happy for you, Houston!  May the waters recede quickly!
A GREAT announcement that even rivals the safe splashdown of Apollo 13!!  YAAAAAY!!
May the waters receed fast....and we can support the rebuilding of friends and neighbors homes.  We have 6.7 million new family members
Yaayyyyy 
Yeahhhhhhhhhh

The dry north air feels invigorating .
Someone Say It Is Going To Be #Humid As Hell
Praise the Lord!!
They believe in the Lord now !

YAY!!
Yeaaaaaaaa,
Humble TX
It sure is!  #HoustonStrong
This is in Jersey Village!!! Such a beautiful sight to see!!!


the sun will always come out in the end. stay strong #HopeForHouston 
Brendon urie finally got the memo to come ouy!!!!!
FINALLY
Safe to say no more rain ?
I'm sure Trump is taking credit for making it happen. #FakePresident
@MarioHTXX Thas wassup bro
Nobody knew climate change could be so complicated.  #climatechange
@MarioHTXX I think you're going to be able to make your flight :D

Finally in South Houston!
For the sun to be out did Ted Cruz leave the state?


Woohoo!
Glad for Houston. But but just watch you-know-who take credit for it.

Thank you President Trump for all that your doing to protect our borders and bring our jobs back to America!
Baytown is still waiting to catch up to you with this big shiny orb
Yes !  Flood water go down!!
Beautiful! Giving away my age, but 2 quote lyrics from an old song by The Fifth Dimension.. 'Let The Sunshine In'!
I know that song  I thought of Here Comes the Sun & then Black Hole Sun so my tastes vary 
Both really good songs. You guys are in our thoughts. 
Absolutely ! 
So exciting!
THANK YOU for your INCREDIBLE coverage during this ordeal. I wish many Emmys upon you and your team!
#PrayForTexas
Yaaaaaaaa
Is 290 still flooded?
Stay safe Texas.
Thank God
It's so dang beautiful 
There had to be a morning after. #Harvey
@SenTedCruz  yes it is. We still have flooding & lots of damage but at least the sun lifts our spirits & will dry things up
Amen
Yeahhhh!!!

Texans: be sure to file for #Harvey relief before Sept 1. #TXlege passed a bill making it harder to dispute weather-related property claims.
Here come the skeeters!
Amen...keep them in your prayers.
Sun is out? @JoelOsteen is closing the #Church  again! #Houston #houstonflood

I don't blame her she's tired of starting over again
Hustle town starts now

Texans: be sure to file for #Harvey relief before Sept 1. #TXlege passed a bill making it harder to dispute weather-related property claims.
If u opening the Toyota Ctr. than open Minute Maid... simply because to they're out of town & nobody is occupying it.

Texans: be sure to file for #Harvey relief before Sept 1. #TXlege passed a bill making it harder to dispute weather-related property claims.

This post brings me back to the moment I saw the sun after our flood! Prayers for Houston!
Same. I wept.

Texans: be sure to file for #Harvey relief before Sept 1. #TXlege passed a bill making it harder to dispute weather-related property claims.
Don't say that too loud, it'll go back to hiding. Stay safe!
Keep Dr. Phil the hell out of Houston. They need help, but not his hurt.

Does that means that POTUS is gone?
Amen. A ray of sun shine. Much needed for all Texans. It's a ray of hope for the future. We will not forget you in your need.
Where at? Not by my home 

Yaaaasssss Thank God for the Sun!
#HoustonStrong #TexasStrong #Harvey2017 #HarveyFlood #Cypress
Thank God
THE SKY HAS NEVER BEEN MORE BEAUTIFUL
it's fckin raining & still flooding here in lake charles! 

i repeat it's stillll raining & flooding. the hurricane hasn't made landfall yet
We're talking about TX, not Louisiana. Be thankful it's only rain, and not anything else. You'll survive. A little flooding won't hurt.
bihh don't you kno texas and louisiana dealing wit the same shit right nah? texas jus draining its coming back this way
Yeah, you're right. Cause, I deff don't live in Louisiana or anything LOL. What's a 'bih?'


Pouring in Nederland but Praying for houston. This is my front yard
Finally

