Sounds like a threat, not a promise. Texas wants you gone. BETO 2018! @BetoORourke
Not all of Texas. Plenty of us care about the welfare of others. You don't speak for 28-million people and neither do those bigots.
#SinglePayer is going to be a real bummer...
Death is around the corner
Death is always around the corner. It comes sooner for people who can't afford medical care.
When Mitch McConnell removed from the leader leadership.
How is it Mitch McConnell fault dude? Blame grand standing John McCain. It's obvious you are new to this.
If McConnell had actually tried legislating for the last eight years and not tried to be sneaky, then he'd be blameless. This IS his fault.
Keep fighting @tedcruz! Texas has ur back #CruzCrew #KeepTexasRed
No. He's an affront to people who think and feel. BETO 2018!
Like Beto ur irrelevant. Your tears will water the lawns in Texas come 2018
What an amazing Christian you are! I'm sure Jesus approves of your hatred of your fellow man.
Hatred naw just got no time for trolls
You guys are like a guy who brags how good he is at sex, but when he gets to bed with a real girl, does not know what to do
You sir are a true credit to the left... please, by all means keep making asinine statements.

We count on you Ted, WTF is wrong with the rest, must be corruption. You have always stood by your ethics, beliefs and love of country
Amen!
I hope President Trump follows thru and cuts the benefits of Congress, make everyone live under the laws they passed!
We believe it too, Teddy Boy. That's why we are looking to replace those who sycophantically eschew the people.
Yes we are flusterated. But you are the best hope for the Senate
That IS the reason we voted Republican.  Do your job!
I do hope so. If not the next congressional election will go left wing. Then we will turn to socialism. And that is the end of the USA.
The best way to repeal & replace Obamacare-eliminate the Congress "cronies & friends" exemption.Reps & Dems get off their ass!
Thanks Ted.
I'm convinced, that most politicians are only concerned about their well being.
THIS IS A TRUE STATEMENT.

THAT'S WHY WE NEED TO PRAY FOR TRUMP.

PROTECT IN JESUS NAME.

DRAIN THE SWAMP.
Yes, Amen! In our Savior's Beloved Almighty name, Jesus! Amen
Too late senator,  we will vote those traitors out.  GOP is asking for it
Wow really
Oh please. Republicans have no moral compass. Just stop spouting stupidity.
is mad as hell & you can tell those DC Swamp rats that We The People are coming for them in 2018! We are going to vote them the hell out!
Ask my grandma would say, "take a walk".
?
Little else is as important to the country today than enacting Cruz's Consumer Freedom Amendment. There is no stronger patriot than Cruz.
I hope you do.
Hoping you mean the promise for great healthcare affordable healthcare for all Americans and not just to repeal Obamacare to remove his name
It's not the left, it's the PEOPLE who don't want this repeal/replace any more. Why is that so hard to understand?
Too many in Washington know how to play THEIR games.  Need those that are JUST looking out for USA citizens.
The majority of senators did, I think that needs to be talked about more!
Hurry up! Congress shouldn't have had  a vacation!
How about you engage in actual legislating instead of being a partisan hack? Because I've been watching you, Senator, and I vote.
When the Republicans complained for 7 years and now do nothing when they have control
Together*
Your time is now do something credible
Why, no work so far!
Seeing is the only believing anymore.
As a Repub, pls tell other Repub Congressmen that if they dont deliver we will replace them in 2018 w/ others who will, like Independents!
Please don't, @SenTedCruz. If you want to be patriotic, get out of politics, and take the rest of the GOP with you.
#winning
What office are you running for next? YOU WON'T WIN ANOTHER TEXAS SENATE SEAT
He's hoping to get kicked upstairs. Has to be why he propped up the guy that went out of the way to insult him and his family.
Without a doubt
When will obummercare be repealed?
tired of voting and getting told to go to hell by those we vote for. only promises kept have been by @POTUS. nobody owns him
put more political pressure on Murkowski. fund the conservative pac in Alaska
You are almost out of time and losing our confidence.. unbelievable
perhaps, but you will still lose your seat. @txdemwomen @BetoORourke @txlege you are an absolutely shameless religious zealot.
I pray you are right Senator.  Especially if you will drop the repeal and replace crap.
I hope you are right but I think it will just be more obstruction.
7 years. 8 pages. Why should I trust you idiots to do anything?  You couldn't organize a church bake sale much less healthcare. #incompetent
Me Cruz it's hard when hospital charge mid class people 10 times the Medicare fee-for-service
Hospitals that except Medicare should only charge everyone what they get from Medicare regardless of coverage
The deciding factors to bankruptcy in under Insured middle class is the diagnosis of cancer
@Ted Cruse you have proven yourself!, time and time again.  You're incredible loyalty is commendable.
I sure hope so I'm loosing  faith in the #GOP
Thing is Senator, you have no honor
@robertjeffress @GovMikeHuckabee @RandPaul @ChrisSalcedoTX GOP lives by empty promises;Americans thirst for fulfillment of those promises!
No you won't, I'm giving up on Republicans now. I'm not voting or donating money anymore. None of you care about us working class people
I hope so. What will it take for the GOP Senate to understand their obligations to the people?
Vomit
well thats optimistic. I would place bets the grim reaper collects McKant before then. No he is NOT a hero but a rat bastard.
The devil awaits his arrival....
HOPE SO

CUZ RITE NOW SOM RHINOS LUKIN REAL BAADDD

MITCH NEDS TORCH ON HIS REAR END
 WE NEED NUCLEAR OPTION

WE WONT WAIT FOR 60 TRU REPUBS
Great American Ted Cruz
I hope so? If not there will be alot of Senators in the un-employment lines...MAGA
Yes, in time. Just not sure American people will give #Congress time to do their job. #Yourfired may be a common phrase.
With respect..Let ACA fail and move on.  Tax / IRS Reform, Iran / N. Korea / etc., ArticleV, Confirmations, O Admin Prosecution..lots to do
Do that in a BIPARTISAN compromise.  America just wants Senate to do its job.

I really appreciate the work u'r doing. U've taken a 'I have not begun to fight' mindset.I'm a Trumper but I know 1 day u will hit the top
"after all the proud victory laps of the left" or " after all the stupid laps of Potus"
I used to look up to you man.....you're such a joke now, you give politicians,  good politicians a bad rep
I'm not sure whether the Congress will honer there promise to the American people! Look what McCain did?
Better hope-elections around the corner
Need to publicly work across aisle and get things done! Make sure that all obstruction is open to public scrutiny. You need 60 votes to win
To bad senators won't get a chance. Your asses are all going to be voted out. We are tired of lies
@mercedesschlapp Lol. These guys just don't know when to quit.
There is already a group of bipartisan Senators working on fixing the ACA, and they have locked partisan hacks like you out of the room.
McCain is a vindictive little man.  The irony of his vote vs his personal health care is stunning.
Im sure you wont read this but Repeal/replace DOESNT mean repeal/replace in the same bill. Start somewhere. Repeal 1st then Replace 2nd
What about the Rose Garden Beer party? Didn't see Dems doing that. Too humble
Your lips to Gods ears... Ego and bs politics will be the demise of the GOP
Yadda Yadda Yadda Enough of this talk talk talk NO ONE believe ya'll anymore!!!
All you people do is talk talk talk. There are no honest loyal God loving Senators there so why not just be honest?
Liars - all of you. Delusional. You will NEVER have a bipartisan bill.
As always your beating a dead horse by keeping up your budget level political career
We don't believe you.  Actions are louder than words.

Sorry Ted,you won't be a Senator by then! Maybe you can research on your Dads involvement in assassinating JFK as your leader Trump suggests
We are over broken promises.  Many reps. have lost decent moral values & have self serving agendas. I hope a 3rd party rises.Its time!
Nobody's asking you to keep your promise of Fucking up the healthcare system
No mention of that rose garden jamboree that Trump threw when the house passed their BS replacement plan ?
Sen.ted cruz  # God bless!
You are dreaming had 7 years. Be done with it
D's were not running victory laps about this and you know it. Quit lying.
You guys really have no choice if you want to be re-elected. We the People deserve better. Here's an idea, get in the same healthcare as us.
If you guys were on the same healthcare as the People, I think you would be moving faster to help. I'm sick of paying for your premium care.
Ted, Rand, and Mike do...
Thanks Sen Cruz for speaking for the millions of @realDonaldTrump agenda supporters that are being thrown under the bus like road kill.MAGA
Hey Ted, until you stop enabling Trump, sit down and be quiet.
How is he enabling Trump and what's he enabling him to do? Hm?
Cruz has voted with Trump on every measure...end of story.
REPEAL OBAMACARE...The American People want Liberty From Obamacares Tyrannical Taxes..How dare you assume 1/6 of our Economy..REPEAL OCARE
Thank you, sir, for your steadfast leadership and strong values.
I have faith in your efforts.  Not so much in your compatriots.  Too many progressive republicans want control.
I don't believe you could complete a single victory lap!
From your mouth to God's ears, sir.
Yes and POTUS needs to Eo congress n staff hcare exemption, let them join the rest of us. Gee GOP 7 years and come up with skinny repeal!
Definition of hot air.
#Beto
I hope so! If not you are all out of a job! @GOP
They must do the right thing for the people they represent not the donors
Will definitely improve your job outlook.......
Thank You for trying to come up with ideas.
Keep fighting for us @tedcruz.
No offense Senator, but you guys have had ample opportunity to get it right and still haven't. Our faith in you guys is withering...
Is it possible for HHS to write your "Consumer Freedom Amendment" as a rule/regulation to give the people relief until #FullRepeal?
I sincerely hope so!
Isn't it time that GOP learns how to work together, united, instead of the grabby reps trying to get their desires instead of what is best.
Ted, that's another big one and you know it.
VOTE INCUMBENTS OUT!  Ineffective! Get non-politicians in office. Elect more women to get results rather than men who worry who gets credit
Promise to destroy health care?
Ted! They all gotta go. You know it to. Don't stand up for them. They are traitors. Don't stand with them. They won't be reelected
Dear senator
Why cant we be offered Congress health plans or take away the exemptions ofCongress &staffers force ocare on them no offense
This will cost the Republicans in 2018. We have given the GOP control and they cannot get anything done. Sad! Not President Trump's fault!
Stop blaming the left for this . Since the bill can't come up again for awhile see if you csnt find a system that works for everyone
A liar Ted, just like the rest.
Give it a rest already!
I wish I had your faith. Not enough of you, @RandPaul & @SenMikeLee in Congress unfortunately. Too many inside the beltway type parasites.
Don't honor your promise
Yawn.
If y'all can't fix it ur seats will be taken!
Take the lead Senator! Somebody has to! 
#REPEAL
Gotta get rid of some RINO's
"That's Our Ted!"
Can you imagine your victory lap if you would have passed that abomination? Probably something like this.....
Senator, I believe this congress SUCKS!
Dang well better!
With the four rhinos that vote like Dems, it's rather doubtful but we can only pray!
You need to honor your promise to represent ALL of your Texas constituents. #IStandWithPP #MedicareForAll
No you swamp creatures wont
Me to.
Stop.  Just stop. You're not listening to your constituents.  We don't like you. I'll donate and volunteer for your opposition.
I pray you are correct Ted Cruz! We need the Republicans to step up & do their jobs!
I hope the good people of Texas will vote you out before this happens.
In time?Some of us don't have time!Can't afford insurance R the fine! So thank the Rino's for us while y'all vacation&keep your plan & Drs
You and the Presidentarethr only ones who care
https://soundcloud.com/pcola-cashmanians/blac-widow …
Drain the swamp.  Republicans are part of the swamp.  Not Cruz, not Lee, but the entrenched ones are THE SWAMP.
Your GRANDSTANDING is revolting. You worship at the altar of the free market. Try worshipping Jesus. There's no moral free market fix.
I hope you're right. A lot of people are NOT happy!
Sen. Cruz you have already proven you have no honor. You are supporting the obnoxious man who belittled you & your wife.
Promise to what? Oh. Right. Try to kill a few million poor people.
Why don't you honor the spirit of your promise and find a SOLUTION to the problem? #bipartisanreform
Do your JOB!!!
U think this is some kind of game?
I don't take victory laps cause my family still has health care
Walk in my shoes & u might not b so smug
A true conservative. President Cruz 2024
#Beto
with three of the 'right' with them... Can you explain to the 'right' what conservative means, please?
Work as a team - not for only your own party. Think of the overall good-not just Your partisanship. We see how u act and vote.
Be nice if you did it bipartisan and included Democrats instead of all the secret closed door meetings. Do it Senator McCain's way.
I hope so. Need to shake the tree until all the leftist are out. Everyone of them ran on repeal. Liars. Not to be trusted again.
I can think of a dozen republicans, just off the top of my head,  who need to be replaced with brand new republicans.
U will be absent! #betofortexas
Please fight to make Congress have to be on the same insurance as the Am people., Then maybe they would care more .& fight harder.
Its NOT YOU ITS THEM WE WISH MORE MEN OF HONOR SERVED THEIR COUNTRY LIKE YOU #FreedomMatters #MAGA
Here comes the crying nincompoop!! Lol
Fix what's bad with #obamacare.
In time? Seriously? Are you kidding me? We've waited 8 years! Times out. Drain the @GOP . You can stay Ted but the others need to go
Work across the aisle.
You must!!!  Get it together GOP.  Work for your base, not your political careers.  If successful, you will be successful
I'll believe it when I f'n see it Ted. Zero confidence in any individual holding office.
I wish I could be that optimistic.
Only proud victory lap I saw was GOP reps with prez in the rose garden over what was later deemed 'mean'...because it was.
Your promise to get out of office, I hope!
Someone who will stand up for himself.
https://www.betofortexas.com/ 
Incredibly Cruz does not ask where man who claimed his father helped kill JFK was during this whole debate. Need fresh energetic approach.
Pretty sad that the main item Republicans ran on they completely failed to deliver. Let me guess "vote for me again!!!"?
Your amendment would've opened the opportunity for decentralized healthcare decisions &lower premiums without pulling rug out from ACA ppl
If only?????
Plzzzzx
Donald trump know the right name to call you..... Ho watch the debates you had with him and you will know your perfect name
Traitor John. He betrayed  all of us!

I hope so, Senator. 
I sure hope you're correct. But something tells me otherwise.
Dip-shit shumer, self hating jew i get. Mccain going down on pelosi i do not...
Hope so!
Hope so ted even Texans expect it
NOT WITH COMRAD MCCAIN.
No one is laughing at you.Get your giant ego out of this and work with Dems to give  Americans affordable healthcare#singlepayer
unfortunately it won't. 90% of DC and most @GOP are progressives, the others have honor and ethics. like you for example
