Hey, Rafael, your boy has changed the grammar to the crisis of Islamist extremism rather than radical Islamic terrorism; comments???????????

What did you think about President Trump's speech?  Any support?
And mccain hurts the positive policies to help this country move forwd
Respect fir servuce but lost it due to
40yrs and did nothing va vets

Not all Texans pray, you represent all of us. Please consider the Buddhists, atheists, and agnostics in Texas who don't pray. 
Also did shumer give orders to agencies
To take down pres trump durong that interview
Coincidental that crap stsrted afterwards

Please pray 4 Americans that u plan to take health care away and the women the die fro maternal birth in Texas because of lack of services.
No prayers for Americans living under the GOP rule?
I pray for Texas as long as you are in office...you are a disgrace
Lets see fbi look at that

Beto O'Rourke is hot on your trail.
You should really go help them. Spend some time there. We will act like we miss you while you are gone.
At least they have affordable healthcare, unlike us.
Hey! What about us Americans living unde all the bullshit in Washington!
Was disgusting to watch Rubio and McCain on Sunday's shows disparaging our great President. Vote GOP OUT 2018
first we need to pray for USA ( us) living with Trump in the White House! You need to stop being a punk for Trump.(period)
By the wsy csn you please keep john mccain
Out of sight camaras and interviews he is
And has been a curse to Republican party
Please help this pres and bring my
Guy marco rubio to help and get
With trey gowdy and do some private
Investigation
Change and mix it up with positions
So deep state csn be eliminated
Anf prosecution is mandatory
senator
We need bills to limit years of employment in our
Agencies all of them no lifetime stuff
,5 years and clesrance taken away
Cuba is not Communist.Cubans R not oppressed.Cuba fought zionists & won.zionist control U & other US Politicians who R prostitutes of AIPAC
Why does Lubbock TX look like Iraq ?

Ted you should be more concerned about the fascist takeover of our govt by Dominionists, CNP, and John Birchers. Oh, You're one of them.
Get Cuba to be the US 51st state!  Cuba-lina!
¡Gracias por tú apoyo Ted! #CubaLibre
Cuban ebola research saved many lives.
Maybe Obama should have kissed the Castro brothers a** a little more. Then human rights could have been addressed 
More interaction with Cuban would help moderate the regime
So! Give them freedom. They are hard working people.
So do we for USA under Trump administration that you support, lyin' ted......
Lying Ted, Cubans don't care what an arrogant, worthless, do nothing Congressman has to say, that's how Americans feel about u as well
Sadly most Americans seem to not care about the Cubans sad situation
absolutely correct Senator
Too bad you worry less about Americans. Take your dad and move to Cuba.
And,WE pray our elected Senator wakes up and stops disrespecting constituents-We voted for POTUS.We will not forget your lack of support
what about Americans living undert he lying, treasonous #Trumprussia regime making us pooorer and sicker  
tell us at a Town hall @statesman
Amen. So good to have a man of prayer in the senate.
Obama cemented the hold communists have in Cuba. Couldn't trump jackhammer that with a pen and a phone?
Thank you Senator for always being a strident advocate for #Freedom & #HumanRights in every corner of the globe! #FreeCubaNow
Err, ummm, Texas and Texans, Ted. When are you going to spend some time for us?
Called his office.refused to state support for Trump.Texas voted Trump.obviously no concern for his constituents
Pray for those of us suffering through this current @GOP regime as well. What was it he called your wife...?
Amen! Cuba Libre ~ Free Cuba 
Our embargo really taught them a lesson, right?
By them I mean the poor citizens of Cuba who suffered, not Castro
Trade wins, not sanctions
Soon to be as bad under the brutal fascist Trump regime.
Go back.
Thank you Sen Cruz for your remembrance our plight for a free Cuba, unfortunately not all in congress support us. Especially democrats
Senator, we join you in prayer.
Support ur president better and maybe together you change Cuba for the better
Happy  independent day to you sen Cruz
20yr vet ashamed of @DJT @VP @GOP @FoxNews you pit American against American spread lies support treason You embody all I fought against
aren't you Canadian or something?
Not According to obama
