I woke up this morning thinking today I'm gonna mess with Texas, then I thought, nah I better not.
Thank you Obama.
Thank you, @BarackObama for a growing economy.  Texas does not exist in a vacuum.
You'll rebuild with massive socialist taxpayer dollars Greg.
That'll stop once they realize how you and the "conservatives" rob all of us with immoral property taxes.
Yes
@tedcruz stay positive and roll up your sleeves I wish you guys well
Stop with the Planned Parenthood defunding. They do more than abortions.
No we don't need that racist organization in Texas
My wife went back to work after a year!  Yeah!  For 60% of her past pay!  Boo!

The average per capita income in TX is $28,210 you can say you created jobs, but you should also saying that most are low paying jobs.
God bless Texas!  God bless America!
Love the Don;t Mess with TEXAS . Want to move there Just For that , Here many need A strap
Amén
misleading stats again Abbott. Raw numbers don't tell the story and you know it. You just think your constituents are stupid. Ur Half right
However you may lose your state to liberal fools if you keep courting Californians.
Hard to believe statues being ripped down in Dallas.
I don't understand how these people can vote for the policies that caused them to move away in the first place?
Doing a great job!
@Alyssa_Milano God Bless Texas!
Tell Sylvester Turner NOT to raise our taxes to pay for the hurricane! We CAN'T afford it AND pay for repairs!!!!!
You tweet too much... Get to work.
More minimum wage jobs because state refuses to properly fund education.  The number of jobs is less important that the quality.
Great proof that the American Texas spirit is strong & trusts in God to clear a way for success.
Not that I expect you to understand statistics. math, or facts, but these are raw numbers; Tx is way down the list of new jobs as a % of pop
Lee, thank you.   Finally someone speaks logically!
Thank you Governor. You need all those #Immigrants and #DREAMers to help build areas affected. Do what Jesus would do? #DefendDACA #DACA
Abbott, should citizens report illegals working on storm damaged homes? Do you want to overlook that for awhile?
Yeah well guess who hasn't been in office for nearly a year. Take a seat mr. Abbott.
Governor Abbott has done an outstanding job, as has Senator Cruz
Maybe if you aren't female
Abbott do you support Trump and the Liar Party? Do you really think Trump is responsible for jobs?
TEXAS STRONG!!
Godspeed

This is true because it's a big state. 18 other states did better on unemployment numbers than TX. You were kinda averagish.
@tedcruz Maybe you could hire some folks at the DMV so we can register our trucks in less than a month in TX.
That's fine, but I lost my job in May and still haven't found work!
Gov Abbott you have done an awesome job for us all in Texas!!
Thanks Greg, you are a great Texan and a Great Governor.
Any of yall wanna get raped?
@SenTedCruz Make sure we have healthcare voice your opinion to senators PROTECT US @indivisibletxjc @TxBlackDemocrat @MSNBC
Not created if they were existing jobs you stole from other states with tax incentives that placed the burden on the back of taxpayers
Robust economy thank you Obama
Infrustrusture starting with Texas and Florida would be good right now
Governor Whack job Abbott... your God punishes your 50years of arrogant ignorance
And still our women die at astonishing rates for a first world
many blessings to glorious Texas!
How about expanding medicaid.
Abbott is an entitled douche.  Minimum wage jobs are just veiled slavery.
Awesome Governor
YAY TEXAS!!
Would relocate to #TX in a heartbeat! Great state!
Do they pay enough for ppl to be able to afford healthcare? If not then taxpayers get to pick up bill while biz walks w/ profit.
OMG! A profit? Why would any business need a profit?
We have a lot of people moving into our great state. They need to assimilate. #KeepTexasRed
Right... follow in blind obedience and be redneck racist imposters to patriotism

Please support my GoFundMe campaign: https://www.gofundme.com/4drkyh4?pc=tw_co_shareflow_a&rcid=961411af95724bb2a0c1c423fc735886 … @gofundme 
An Irma effected Floridian praying for Texas!
A democratic governor would be crying for help! Live better, vote Republican!#MAGA
I love our great state!
With US taxpayer dollars!! Hypocrites.
Right! And while you deny Climate Change... whack job!
Texas is 10% of US population. Of course you created more.
Yeah, what about California.
Thank you Governor Abbot... No#1
Yeah    Bullshit
Could be more high paying jobs if you weren't running the film industry out of the state. We used to be the third coast. Now, not so much.
That just attracts more liberals.
Known to be one of the least educated states.
Because Greg hates education; His actions have spoken far better to confirm this than his silver tongue can promise otherwise.
Students in Texas actually score higher than the students in Commiefornia so don't even go there
WEL AFTER UR IRRESPONSIBLE LEADERSHIP! 
Here's How to Avoid Building Cities Doomed to Flood 


God Bless the Great State of TEXAS! 
It will require real leadership
Release the rainy day fund.
Doing a great job Mr Governor
For 5 plus consecutive years Texas has added new & expanded corporate facilities in nation. So no Abbott not a Trump tribute or just this yr
Where are the laborers going to come from? With the low unemployment rate, we don't have the workers.
Good thing you have your bots here to prop you up.
Not even close, weirdo. This man - and his state - are no joke.
This is in spite of (not because of) all the backwards policies the TX GOP keeps trying to force on Texans
I TOTALLY believe it. When we visited TX last year we saw construction & growth EVERYWHERE we went.
I find solace in picturing him in that wheelchair forever  
