What's wrong with the humans hugging this weasel?
Pretty sure they had no choice.
They made the choice to see him.
First mistake. True.
Will you stand up to POTUS. He goes against everything American. Don't you care?
@POTUS fights for America & Americans! WTH are you smoking?! He's fighting the Swamp in it for $$ & power 4 selves & special interests #MAGA
Trump is telling people at his clubs he goes there because the WH is a dump. Trump only cares about himself. Does nothing for America.
Town hall- Lyin' Ted....face your constituents.  These bogus, staged coffees aren't going to cut it!
Is that the only way to get to talk w you?
Did you ask Obama about the millions who lost their health insurance and doctors due to Obamacare?
It hasn't done the good you think it has and the meme depicting your idea of Trump voters shows your ignorance.
Millions lost the insurance they were happy with, millions lost the doc they were happy with, millions can't afford their deductible.

Bet..O...this Democrate loses, hugely!
Try tweeting when you learn how to spell Democrat, otherwise....
Do you see the ethnic trend here?
May god be with you Mr.Cruz their are a lot of Jesus hater I am going to have to embarres before I make my presents be known in Jesus name
Glad he came home (GOP) at last. Great Senator.
Please do not pay anyone smoking weed that only robs their abilities to perform quality work in Jesus name amen
Only lazy people smoke weed and expect to get paid for it .
If you want to work and get paid please quite smoking weeds
There needs to be more drug testing if you want to get free money from our government this should be the next law past in Jesus name amen
All that matters is every come together to save Americas Jesus. He not Jewish but acts like an true Israelite and he is not it all ion amen
ICE.
Thank you ted Cruz for the faith in the american Jesus and not supporting the Jewish Mel Gibson Jesus we know how you fought for Jesus amen
Hold a town hall this month.
All White.  And I bet they brought you cash. #LoseCruz2018
TX is 1 of the most diverse states in the union. Why are you only meeting with white constituents? You represent ALL ofTX in case you forgot
Must be your #Family
When is your public Aug recess Town Hall in DFW?
#Texas families make sure all members are accounted for #tedcruzistheZodiacKiller
Looks like your event is similar to @JohnCornyn's Thurs with Texans - a pretty photo op & 0 substance, no actual interaction w/constituents
@realDonaldTrump How's the healthcare disaster going to be fixed with morning coffee, Ted. Families are going bankrupt while you have coffee
You have the Swamp traitors to We the people to blame! Not @SenTedCruz
Senator Cruz should be In DC fixing Obamacare. I pay $14,000 more / yr now than 2014 but I can pay it. I'm concerned for those that can't
You misspelled "covfefe"
You are the only Sen that's keeping his word to the ppl who voted for him

Trump own son meet with the Russians to effect the election

Collusion
#MAGA #GOP #ImpeachTrump
And thank you, Ted, for being one of the few good guys in Washington
Good at concealing his identity.
Thank these #Texan families by supporting this bill that opens up the drug markets. Save $7 BILLION for them.

