
well done,that's what we need
finally! Thank you thank you thank you, now please stop Qatar and Turkey from funding them and giving them safety
The Democrat party and gop are responsible for the idiots fringe mentioned of our rights, they should both be labelled as terrorist orgs.

@EntheosShines @SenTedCruz yes
Thank you!
Long overdue indeed, and would not have been brought up for vote during Obama's days bcz he'd veto it.
It's really surprising; the ones who create, feed, and support the terrorism call the others as terrorists.
Good
they were democratically voted in but cause Israel no like thier terrorists
finally finally thank you thank you
Finally real appreciation and so many thanks God bless you
I agree 100% .please submit this bill as soon as possible to stop one of most radical Islamic suppliers Muslim brother
Yeah and prosecution of this is too - LONG OVER DUE.  UNDER Title 18 USC:
Good!
Egypt, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Kazakhstan, and UAE all designate MB as terrorist group. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_designated_terrorist_groups …
@pal29b @SenTedCruz So my question to both of you is if it's so overdue why didn't you do something sooner? You just discover them?
Mario your steadfast leadership and hardened resolve has kept both Muslim brotherhood anxious legislation alive proud
انا مؤيده لهذا الموضوع مليار مره
@EntheosShines @SenTedCruz thank you!! Yes, it is long over due! Please designate the other offshoot orgs too!
انجب
try islam and 
I'll be impressed http://corpus.quran.com/translation.jsp?chapter=47&verse=4 …
Welcome to the reality thank you senator we need your support
very true!
Finally you noticed that!
Thank you!!
@SebGorka
The Muslim Brotherhood should have been designated a terrorist org after the Holy Land foundation trial.
@FeliciaBGomez for the first time in over 8 yrs, there's a sense of optimism...thank you! Deployments were not in vain!
don't forget CAIR too.
Thank you as you delivered the world from the evil of the terrorist group, the Muslim Brotherhood
Thank you very much
Finally !!
thank u

@EntheosShines @SenTedCruz Has @marcorubio participated in any of the bills Cruz has been writing?
I'll second that ! Thank God that the military over thur Morsi.
Daesh issue a new magazine, "Rumiyan" which means historical name in Arabic to Rome, wonder about the goals of evil
It is so overdue that they are domestic terrorist organization now.
https://youtu.be/bMFYL24oSyY 
Let the thousands who died in Egypt because of the terrorist attacks by the fascist M/B now R.I.P
god bless you mr. ted I like that and do it because I heat the  Muslim brotherhood
yes i agree
You saying Truth
You are man
Mr. Ted I'm glad I after a long wait and found that
lt is great.
Al Ahram al Gaded

well done
They are really terrorist organisation
God with you
well done
@Denise7Berry @SenTedCruz Thank you, this is long overdue.
thank you . Finally a reasonable voice
Huma Wiener hardest hit
A big thank you #AmericaFirst #TrumpPressConference  #DrainTheSwamp @realDonaldTrump I want Sen Cruz in your team
you are right ,all supporting  you
yes
Some countries are governed by the Muslim Brotherhood terrorism, such as Sudan, we are all with you
thank you
Of course they are, hand in hand  with President Cc and you are in history. 
yea we agree you ho ahead
You aren't alone Sen TedCruz. Thanks. M.Fadel/ Egyptian TV&FILM Director
الاستاذ المخرج المحترم محمد فاضل اتربينا علي مسلسلاتك اتمني ان التقي بحضرتك@MFadel56 @MarioDB @SenTedCruz
لكن اخو اوباما عضو فى الجماعه الارهابيه ويتخذ من كينيا وكرا له وللجماعه
go on we are with you we support you all respect
to have A right they are A terrorist
اعتقد ان لا احد يقدر على حجب الشمس 
من لا يرى ان جماعة الاخوان غير ارهابيه هو يحجب اشاعة الشمس 
الاخوان جماعه ارهابيه
Great move, the Egyptian government for loads of concrete document evidence
nice
Thank you
Go go
Good job
God be with u
10000  thanks ..brotherhood the other side of divel and terror..
you are right and we are all with you till the end
support your opinion all respect 
Russia has listed them on for many years. Our Muslim wouldn't list them so he wouldn't have to call them terrorists!
very well done

You are one of the few that stood up and really understand what MB are . We all with you
You are absolutely right...they are the followers of Satan...they are an epidemic disease ...
Go ahead all in Egypt in your back supporting you
we are with you
God Bless you
