But not taking our jobs via visas, right? Right?
I do not support ethnic cleansing in north america and I like India as well.
While workers for corporate America are training their replacements from India or lose their severance pay.
Maybe Trump can outsource some white supremacy work to India. There are some choice Hindu fundamentalists over there now!
.@SenTedCruz The #2016 #Republican nominee #DonaldTrump is on board with you!
God, why couldn't you be president right now? We could have  accomplished something as conservatives without breaking apart our country 
Not one word about our white nationalist in chief? Really?
hey, why not check out Trump's "crazier then his normal" press conference? Time to IMPEACH!
India is independent?  Why are they kicking out Compassion International and many other Organizations that don't line up with their belief.
It sure as hell is, just because we don't allow conversions in the name of charity doesn't mean we aren't independent.
Nothing to say about @realDonaldTrump ? Really?
Indian Americans are targets of hate crimes by American Nazis. It's on the GOP, party of Nazis.
Hopefully without giving them more of our jobs!!!!  
What about Charlottesville ???????
I could not agree more.  Trump just said jobs will improve race relations. Senator Cruz is out of touch
Trump represents hate and divisiveness. Trump is a republican.  See you at the polls
Are you kidding me? Where is your backbone to stand up against Trump?
How bout getting rid of those H1b visas?
.@SenTedCruz Are you nuts? While the British did leave, there was bloodshed and families were torn apart in the Partition. Read history.
Why the hell would I or any American celebrate INDIA's Independence Day?
We need to end the hates started by the Obama Commie left and left cable media.Prosecute Soros, Duke.
How bout get back to D. C., and get HC fixed, tax cuts, tax reform done that would be a reason  to celebrate.
Do you celebrate Donald trump embracing white supremacists and Nazis 
Denial about reality runs deep in this Senator.
You mean like allowing more H1-b visas to compete against US citizen engineers?
Why are Americans celebrating India's Independence Day? Most of them worship pagan idols. End your support of globalism.
You helped the GOP lose on Obamacare. Voting against you next time.
Ted Cruz what do you think of Trump's comments?  did the KKK take over the GOP? Both have 3 letters and never say anything bad about Trump.
Ummm did you hear what your party's Pres. said this afternoon??? Until you and the @GOP remove this hate mongerer from WH it is who YOU are
Maybe you should be President. I'm sure you could please everyone in America. Fomenting hate is not the answer.
Trying to hide and not talk about Trump, stand up to this evil demented man.
Well they are taking people's jobs with the H1 visa.  People not happy with lawmakers lobbyist bring people of India
To take their jobs
Your complicit Grampa Munster
Did you hear what the leader of the Republican party said today?
Really? You have no shame. You have no spine. You have no morality. You have no values. You call yourself a Christian? How dare you.
I am a Jew and I  #India . @narendramodi
Have you got Natalie Romero, you know the young Texan in the hospital, back to Texas.  Will you help her family?
Again, do you stand with POTUS? If you do, you stand with white nationalists/Nazis. Putting out other messages won't change question.
When do you plan to denounce Trump and his defence of white supremacy, racism, etc? There is only ONE side here, senator.
Today we mourn the real possibility of losing our independence.
Are you serious??? Get the White Supremacists out of the White House before you make another tweet!! SHAME ON YOU!
#ImpeachTrump #FireBannon
Today we morn Heather Heyer, and the lose of our Democracy when 45 is endorsed by David Duke, and you nor the GOP stands against it.
Lying Ted, @POTUS words, have you watched his last presser? Do you support his support of Nazis?
What is this, Sen? Robo-tweeting without attention to current events? How is your relationship with the racist-enabling GOP going? Silent?
Get with the times. Your president is a nazi. No comment?
Um...bad timing? Might want to pay attention to what your president is saying - because the rest of us are. @GOP #ImpeachTrumpNow
Christian persecution there, Ted:
Thread:

For those who don't know, Indian Christian persecution is on the rise due to two prominent political parties: the RSS and BJP.
Nothing about your #GOP leaders ranting? Or are your #Corporate  #LOBBYIST still telling you to back him?
Whoever you're social media intern is needs to be fired.

Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
You need to come out and condemn this president, which shouldn't be so hard considering how horribly he treated you during the primaries.
He insulted your father. Unforgivable.
Yeah, nailed the timing lyin' Ted.
That's your tweet right now?
Why don't you address @realDonaldTrump's defense of Nazis?
So China and India skirmish on their July 4th? Odd.
How about you denounce Trump. You are an embarrassment to the country.
Nothing about Trump's defense of Nazis?
Dear @SenTedCruz ... if you continue to stand behind Trump then you continue to endorse all of his manifest evil.
Trump is destroying the @GOP. I will be looking very carefully at #GOP candidates
