A decade ago, Judge Gorsuch was confirmed in the Senate. Not one Democrat spoke in opposition to him. #SCOTUS https://twitter.com/PolitiFact/status/843820930317111296 …
.@SenTedCruz As evidenced by recent rallies, Trump is in the middle of a campaign. It doesn't seem like the right time to confirm a justice.
Obama was in campaign mode his entire 8 years.
Untrue. Obama filed for reelection in spring 2011. Trump filed on his inauguration. But don't be deterred by facts.
Your bio says that you support "Honor, virtue, integrity, honesty.” I guess now we see whether that’s true.
The election changed a lot. The dems don't get our election process.
And GOP apparently doesn't GET the Constitution.
I don't explain the Constitution to idiots.
Becuse you're not smart enough...well at least you know your limits
i was commenting on @antipandemonium comment not yours Bunny @BrungerJohn @SenTedCruz
Because we now have a @Potus under Investigation!
they're just being obstructionist assholes. Use the nuclear option that Harry R gifted you to confirm
Well...this is the #SCOTUS for starters.  Also, that was before you obstructed a certain President's pick for so many months.
Biden Rule works for both sides. Don't make up rules if you choose not to follow them yourself.
The Biden Rule was to de-politicize the process -- wait until after the election, not wait until next admin.
so shouldnt have Bush 41 have been allowed to get his nominee in then after Clinton won then?
Who?  Clarance Thomas was confirmed in 1991 and the next Justice didn't leave the bench until 1993.
key words are 10 yrs ago.....these sure ain't the same folks! @MaxineWaters tweeted that she was out to get @realDonaldTrump
let's let the next president decide.  1st trump will get impeached.  Follow by Pence who knew but is pretending he is innocent
so let Paul Ryan decide? Speaker is next in line.
MERRICK GARLAND

GOP used dirty tricks 2 stop Obama from making a choice that shld have been Garland. Now u expect them 2 jump on board 4 Gorsuch
@TEW_1787 I would say obamination and now the orange conman were big parts of that snake oil sales
We shall see. I fought hard for Ted Cruz for POTUS, & he's leading the charge (once again) for the right thing!
watch how many principles he sells trying to make a change in the party when allhe gets in the end is fewer principles
I highly doubt he would allow his principles to be jeopardized. Actions will show true character. We'll see!
You did not do your job and give Merrick Garland the respect of a hearing, you can't expect any respect now or ever again.
try to stop lying to all Americans
Then what has changed....."Obama"!
Neither was Merritt Garland. We object to the injustice perpetrated by Senator McConnell - a great injustice to the Consitution
if there was a great injustice, why did nobody prosecute?
What has changed about Merrick Garland? He was unobjectionable much more recently.
The Dems lost, the GOP won.  Get over it.
perhaps the difference is the treatment you Republicans gave Garland.
When is Garland's hearing? When is your town hall?
also by ur logic, we should wait for POTUS departure to pick the next judge..Things r changing
...Are you even a real Texan, POTUS said your dad had sumthin to do w JFK?  I's NAFTA bad for TX Ted?
Don't be coy: you know why. @SenTedCruz @K1erry
Well, a decade ago the Senate was not full of obstructionists who refused to confirm a perfectly good candidate for a year!
@TEW_1787 Down w/democrats! Half a brain, if even that!
what changed is your failure to vote on Garland or even give a hearing. #stolenseat
you are a hypocrite: answer the same question about Garland.
He is qualified. Not the issue. YOU DIDN'T DO YOUR JOB. Stolen Seat!! MGarland, only.
@liberty_grl he done been trumped bruh
Vote NAY to Gorsuch. He is far too radical to be placed on our Supreme Court.
10 years ago is a lot of bad rulings ago skippy
you know what's changed Mr Cruz, they lost the election and are mad because they thought Hillary would fill open seat ----}-
You have nothing but conjecture bonehead
10 yes. Later the Democrats are sore losers
The current administration and their campaign staff are under a criminal investigation.
@mlong42947 See what is Islam's Hi-Tech Jihad plan.  #HITECHJIHAD Read INDEFENSIBLE 
@ChastityTamu
fake fight on your part, just a ruse
Everyone liked & respected Merrick Garland but GOP did NOT have the courtesy of meeting with him! Spare US your Hypocrisy!
he said women use pregnancy to manipulate employers. unfit to be a judge at all
@benshapiro his name isn't Merrick garland.
do u laugh daily at the hypocrisy u spew!?
What's changed? Um, let's see. Right! The GOP colluded with a foreign govt to steal the election. That's what.
the seat belongs to Garland. Thief obstructionist republicans Can only win by gerrymandering and voter suppression.
@tedcruz 

MERRICK GARLAND
@JaneyMackWriter the Dems cannot accept defeat especially since they didn't get a participation prize
You will accept defeat soon sparkie
wrong he will be confirmed
Get with me when he is. The only way he can be confirmed is by using thhe nuke option
that works too
Democrats went batshit crazy after their belief they'd never lose again went so badly wrong? Is this a trick question?
where is all your republican help they will not speak up like you.I guess they don't want to break their silence
it's the democrats that have changed after years of propaganda.  Their behavior will keep them from ever winning again!
Main change is that Russian agent trump sits in WH nominating ppl like the scotus nominee. We cannot let even one be confirmed
They lost, that's what changed.
that you would even need to ask that is insanity. It's the path you paved, sir.
Confirmed now.
@GOP @POTUS 10 years ago he wasnt being nominated to the Supreme Court. The same way you were elected as a Sen, but not Pres
@ScotsFyre because the Liberal Progressive Democrats don't care about the Constitution that this Republic was founded upon
Merrick Garland happened, or rather your treatment of Merrick Garland happened.  Have some self awareness
are you asking to badly prove a point or do you just not know?
then why wouldn't you hold hearings for Garland?
@benshapiro Thank you, senator for your service. You deserve better than you've gotten
Today #FBI confirmed @POTUS probably #traitor + Admin #illegitimate #foreigncollusion But maybe you had your head stuck up your
And what about Merrick Garland, who wasn't even granted the courtesy of a hearing?
Dunno — what changed about #Garland?
@ColumbiaBugle come on they're still butt hurt they lost
1 thing that never changes is you hugging the party line. 2018 is fast approaching. Are you going to listen to constituents?
@benshapiro This time it's for the all-powerful SCOTUS.  #RobertBork

and what about merrick garland?  hypocrit!
Yep and 10 years ago Republicans would never accept Trump & his Russia Ties. You are all Hypocrites You also called Trump a liar
@DrSueDVM  Ted, there still butthurt about @realDonaldTrump  becoming our president...here copy and send out this !!
What changed in the few days between GOP senators specifically requesting Garland & them saying he wouldn't even get a hearing?
You blocked Judge Garland.  @GOP everything you do will come back to you.  More will be revealed. 
Cowards
@benshapiro
I'm concerned bc Gorsuch belongs to an ultra-Leftist/Prog church, w pastors who r pro-abortion, pro-LGBT agenda, etc
@AmandaPresto 

What changed? They got spanked in this last election and they're bitter about it. 
Garland #stolenseat #NoGorsuch
What about Russia? Taxes? More will be revealed. 
Constituents will remember at the polls.  @GOP...Cowards
@benshapiro they changed, JFK could not get nominated today to his own party
Obama, HRC, CAIR, MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD, to fundamentally change America,  that's what happened!!
1) this is for the Supreme Court; 2) could say the same for Reps and M. Garland. Don't be a hypocrite.
10 years ago he wasn't nominated by a proven-to-be-dishonest president. #ItMatters
they asked you the same question about Garland.
What's changed is the fact that YOU and YOUR ILK held up a perfectly qualified candidate for a year & now want this other guy.
Correct, we let the voters decide and they decided
Then you're responsible for the mess. It can come out of your taxes, not mine.
.  Senator, I wish they were confirming you. You would make a wonderful Justice.
they will never agree to anyone or anything this administration wants stand firm against them
you misspelled Merrick Garland
an eye for an eye. Garland. Thats what changed idiot.
Are you talking about Garland or Gorsuch?
you disgust me - where were you on merrick garland - oh right - dealing w the devil. GOP = no integrity or values
Ten years ago he was becoming a junior member of Tenth Circuit. Now he's to be ultraconservative tie-breaker in nation's highest
Merrick Garland had nearly the same support from Republicans, yet you wouldn't even honor him with an up or down vote.  Why?
Why didn't Judge Garland get a hearing?  He equally had no objections from Republicans in his appointment to Appeals Court.
10 yrs. ago it was a different position Cruz
Merrick fucking Garland!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Until your party gets off of TEAM RUSSIA and Trump is cleared or convicted, NOTHING SHOULD BE APPROVED. Don't be a traitor.
merrick garland?
Merrick Garland you tool.
Oh, you mean, sort of like Merrick Garland? Hypocritical trash bag. @SenTedCruz
stolen seat.
because SCOTUS is held to a higher standard
does the name Merrick Garland ring a bell, Senator?
lol - nice try Ted
Merrick Garland.
@benshapiro Garland>
Just imagine @SenateDems when Kennedy or one of the straight party line Dem justices retire? @SenTedCruz @tedcruz #GorsuchHearing
You stole this spot from Merrick Garland. That's what is so problematic. A sitting president already nominated a better person!
He's vying for a seat stolen from an Obama appointee?
Use the nuclear option and confirm Judge Gorsuch's nomination to the Supreme Court.
Exactly! They hate America.
@benshapiro DONALD TRUMP THATS WHY MY DUDE. CRUZ FOR 2020
.@SenTedCruz What's changed? You sabotaged the American people and refused to hold a vote on Merrick Garland.
sadly it's because they want to stop anything Trump wants.
Dems then had more integrity?
apparently, the rules. Thanks to the @GOP
what has changed about the constitution what was wrong about Garland? You weren't leading that charge
So, you're advocating that Dems now take the same obstructionist approach you condemned when used by GOP...1/2
... and refuse to confirm an eminently qualified jurist to SCOTUS, solely for partisan advantage?
President Obama's nominee last year was also a unanimous choice - why wasn't he even given a hearing?
nominees don't typically get evaluated the last year a president is in office.
Dubya had at least 4 and Clinton also had a few.
A decade ago Trump was running a University into the ground as well... #trumpgate
.@SenTedCruz #MerrickGarland must ring a bell! What was objectionable about his nomination? You & your fellow #Republicans are #HYPOCRITES!
say it slowly and with feeling...Merrick Garland
I can answer that. It's part of the tantrum they have been throwing since President Trump was elected. Part of the witch hunt for Russians
It's a BIG part of wasting valuable time and taxpayer dollars. When it was President Elect Trump, there were screams of IMPEACH him already
They were BLAMING President Elect Trump for things outgoing President Obama was doing. All part of the hysterics they threw and are throwing
@Brad_D80 You won.
@benshapiro What's changed? A Republican was elected President & nominated him. #partisanpolitics
What's changed is that the GOP in an unprecedented act of gamesmanship and political obstruction refused to even offer a hearing to Garland.
Some of his judgements since. Why would that not be obvious to you?
Yeah, that's rich from the d-bags who didn't want to confirm M.Garland b/c they simply don't like the POTUS then.
@benshapiro Cmon Ted, you know: Merrick. Garland.
And Garland didn't get a hearing because? #trumprussia
Could say the same about Judge Garland. Don't be coy.
Just worry about trumpf TREASON. Hope it rubs off on ya.
He was nominated by an illegitimate Nazi. That's different. 

What was your problem with Garland again?
stolen seat...
What has changed is that they have become sore losers
#Gorsuch wld be farthest right judge on SCOTUS.
NOT an acceptable nominee.
Oh yeah. And there is that thing about this being #Merrick's seat
We hadn't learned how to play your game yet.
The Dems have gone full on obstructionist and into moral relativism which is no morality at all.
I call BS on this statement  - GOP obstruction for 8 years "trumps" anything the Dems might do now.
Nonsense. There is no difference. Both parties act like spoiled brats. They all deserve to be voted out.
You, sir, a sellout hypocrite whose capacity to bullshit knows no limits. Can't wait for the next election. PS MERRICK GARLAND
@benshapiro Ted, we all know it's about trying to deligitimize Trump. They're not even trying to hide it.
no one has to try to deligitimize him, he does all of that himself. Sad (or sick) guy #DontheCon
@benshapiro is that same logic useable for AG sessions? No, ok, then stop being a hypocrite too.
...leftism now on the ropes...and Thank God for that...
how about the fact that this is Merrick Garland's seat? Funny how y'all forgot about him.
Garland
10 yrs ago democrats weren't butthurt like they are today.
Sort of like Merrick Garland. #Resist
a decade ago? Relevant today? What earth r u on? #TrumpRussia #ComeyHearing forget #scotushearing
- 12 years ago Trump was recorded saying "Grab 'em by the pussy" - by your logic this is no longer relevant...
Watching!  You spoke well.  The Democratic Party are sore losers.
The revolution, man! Overturning the capitalist overlords! Patriarchy! And other assorted evils.
You're asking for logic from the Dems, Senator. Probably won't work.
same as Merrick Garland- no ? Comrade @tedcruz 
MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND
MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND
GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK
What changed? A predator grabbed by the country by the pussy! Wake up, Lyin' Ted. This isn't business as usual. All has changed.
Wow. That's moronic. Even for a Democrat
Two words, Senator: Merrick Garland. How much of the time of day was HE given?
#1 You Rs stole our nomination #2 he is not a moderate like the nominee whose hearing you stole. Any more questions?
You can say the same thing about Judge Garland and the Repubs.
Don't be so obtuse! EVERYTHING has changed, including constituents who are #StayWoke. #StandwithPP or #outin18
He was put forward by a president who should not have been president. That's what changed.
You can say the same thing about Merrick Garland. Senator Cruz, your hypocrisy is showing
Elections have consequences- Barry said so. We had Senate. Win an election
and Republicans voted in favor of Merrick Garland!!!!
They're hypocrites.
Likely based on his decisions since then. Isn't that obvious?
What would you know about "unobjectionable," Ted? You are the definition of objectionable.
He wasn't nominated by a POTUS beholden to a foreign power for his office.
what changed is the way you and your party treated Garland.
What changed?They lost this election & R now bitter spiteful unprofessional individuals who R bent on being obstructionists.
he is being nominated by an illegitimate president.
Do you really need to ask what has changed??? #MerrickGarland
also the investigation into whether President Trump is a criminal needs to play out before a vote of this magnitude can be held
Too bad you can't stop it. Elections have consequences. Barry said so
but you can't spell his name correctly?
some of these Senators were not in place 10 yrs ago. And Garland
Garland is meaningless. GOP controlled Senate. Sorry, elections have consequences. Barry said so
Great job Sen Cruz! You told it like it is and shame on them (dems) for being so hypocritical.
he's not one of them that's why they don't like hold. Partisan politics rules,  common sense lost.
the intervening factor was your party obstructing the lawful operation of the President in his duties under the Constitution
Lol. Sorry. The Senate has right to not have hearings. Might want to learn Constitution before you talk about it.
Because his fascism wasn't a threat to become a lifetime gig harming all Americans. Duh.
the .@DNC are simply butt holes and are led by idiots like .@RepAdamSchiff who has fund raisers created by Russians
The fact Obama had his pick STOLEN. You only care about law when it's convenient.
Sorry. Elections have consequences. Your boy Barry said so.
I think #HillaryClinton has encouraged all #Democrats to Fight & Resist and they aren't thinking anything thru - hurts Americans
The Supreme Court changed. Liberals are desperate.
#MerrickGarland changed. That's what.
Merrick Garland much?
Sorry. Elections have consequences. Your boy Barry said so. We had the Senate.
I'm praying that there are wise decisions made today that reflect the will of the people over any party, this is important.
