This bewilders me bc the Dems were ok when Obama doubled our national debt. That was acceptable to them. Hypocrisy at its finest.
The economy was on the brink of collapse due to the failed policies of George. W. Bush. Google Great Recession of 2008.
I understand that, but it’s not what I’m saying. The Dems are notorious for spending money they don’t have. They shouldn’t throw stones.
It's unfair to single out President Obama. GOP complained about debt during Obama years. Now they seek 2 increase it by $2 trillion or more.
Again, I understand, and it’s not directed towards anyone. Just a simple fact about the Dems history.
Bill Clinton left G. W. Bush w/ surplus that was squandered on tax cuts, Medicare Part D, Iraq War, TARP. GOP has blueprint 4 more red ink.
I think you are missing what I’m saying.
Both parties when they have been in power over the past 16 years have created this problem. Explain again then.
During Cruz' tenure in DC, the federal debt has doubled to $20Trillion dollars.
Cut taxes, job growth accelerates, more people paying taxes, reduces debt and deficit, and helps stabilize Social Security and Medicare/Aide
As long as the tax cuts are for the lower and middle class who then in turn spend them. Corporate & wealthy tax cuts do not create jobs.
Cruz is right we cannot cut spending enough, but tax reform and sensible reductions in spending can work
Agreed, but that is not what he and Trump are proposing.
Yes it is
He is proposing more than a trillion in debt to fund tax cuts, mostly for the rich. In what way is that “sensible”?
 what an embarrassing reply
VOODOO ECONOMICS won't cut it
@tedcruz is a terrible human being inside and out.
Ted Cruz is a moron..
The Reagan & Bush Taxcuts weren't paid for & didn't provide promised growth. Bo better than #GOP #TaxReform that adds to debt.
Spending also needs to be greatly reduced!
This is like me saying to pay my credit cards I just need a job that pays twice as much, not to stop spending
We need to abolish congress period end of story our politicians are incompetent .... let the governors meet once a year
Or cutting spending...across the board.
Which actually curtails economic growth (as well as the obvious social impact).
European spending has not created an enhanced growth environment. Across the board means - across the board. Debt service is a growth killer
From that rabid socialist rag the Financial Times.
Point in time always works in anyone's favor. Last 50 years v next 50 years.  What % of GDP should debt service be? Lower, lower, lower...
Depends on what the debt costs, and what it's spent on. US debt is no higher than most developed countries.
Fiction of the Right is to present debt as inherently bad as a pretext to shred social programs. It's an ideological blind spot.
The economy doesn't work like the household budget the conservatives like to present it as.
I’d love to know how lowering taxes fixes a deficit.  It’s like overspending and asking for a pay cut when you can’t pay the mortgage.
You got your wars, but never paid for them.
Now you want a tax cut. 
Stop spending on your pet projects like walls.
if u care about debt u quit sending money over seas and take care of our nation
Not produced by cutting the taxes on the rich and famous. Infrastructure repair ACA reform and a real tax bill not based on lies.
Or maybe fiscal responsibility and actually creating a budget.
But that would involve the government being responsible
He’s an absolute weasel! Neither party gives a crap about the deficit because they can manipulate the FIAT DOLLAR and you idiots should know
Can I get a witness?
Combined with stopping spending money we don't have....
What debt?  Since @BarackObama left money seems to be no problem. @GOP #Hypocrites
Economic growth but not just for the 1%. We can't afford to continue to subsidize the wealthy.
Trickle down? been there done that
How about tax cuts for the rich?
Spend less $$ year over year!! CUT Medicare and Medicaid!
@SenTedCruz is about to raise the deficit with the tax cuts his party is proposing.
Actually there are two ways, earn more (taxes) or spend less.  I vote for the latter.
You are 100% correct because all the  on going basis govt cost climb at min of 1% therefore to pay down debt & invest we need 3-4% growth.
Damn right
Fucking idiot @SenTedCruz sounding very much like fucked up Trump... buyer beware 
Is tax reform or tax cuts for those that need it least (BILLIONAIRES) your reason for throwing 9Mil  under the 
Republicans vote against aid but stand in line to vote for tax cuts for wealthy donors and Koch brothers
USA debt has been nothing more than a mushrooming INTEREST-ONLY loan since 1957 where the principal is NEVER repaid & we've expended well more than $10 trillion in interest payments since 1988. Our days are numbered.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz or, ya know, cut spending

And what your saying is trickle down doesn't and will never grow our economy or pay down debt is that what you are saying? Just wondering
Huh? $27,000,000,000. That’s what your tax plan will add to the deficit.
No @tedcruz the point is to lessen the total (incl forecast debt), and you can achieve that goal w/ a comb of less spending and rev growth.
Call me crazy....Maybe cut spending also? Just a thought...
Well Put  TED
Not so. Bring it down with a plan and dedicated tax. Attack it directly.
And by DECREASING THE SIZE OF THE FEDERAL GOVT. Dept of Agriculture has over 100,000 employees; IRS has over 90,000; Dept of Ed has 5000.
Cutting spending AND tax increases.
If @tedcruz is right that "only way 2 reduce deficit is economic growth" let's have a massive infrastructure jobs stimulus plan 1/
We could stimulate the needed growth by fixing infrastructure, creating needed middle class jobs, not cutting taxes for hedge fund tools 2/2
So a desperate politician-lawyer is now an economist? The way to pay it down is ti reduce the size of govt
Another way to pay this down is by inflation... the consequences of deficits & runaway spending..that is the option Congress has taken.
And your and gop actions will not bring growth. Especially topped with 45’s sabotage of ACA.

We could cut salaries and benefits for capital hill. Have members reimburse the country for personal jet travel. Let start hear.
Hahahaha!  Liar!  Your tax “reform” will add trillions, and you keep up the lie. Have some shame!
Congressional Research Service study found no correlation between tax cuts for the top and economic growth. 

@SenateMajLdr suppressed it.
Economic growth actually slowed after passage of the Bush tax cuts.
Corporations took that profit stashed it overseas and paid the GOP to keep it tax free. All $1.6 trillion.
"only way"?? 
I'm pretty sure we could cut spending and/or raise taxes
If trickle down fairy dust is our only option, we are in trouble.
Or may be if you stopped adding more nuclear arsenal
Our monetary system is Fraudulent. #EndTheFED
Hurray for, Icahn, soros, buffett, and all billionaires who will now save 1B a year in taxes, I will save $700.00. Sounds fair. Luv USA
Taking a play from #twittler handbook? Nobody cares more about... We know you are lying, Teddy! #Hypocrite #turnTXblue #betoforsenate
Keep bringing on billionaire guests, and publicans, and sooner or later, enough propaganda and knuckleheads will buy it. Go big money
Ted-twist-doctor, there is a reason why people, real people, not conserve, know this is all BS for the rich. Ted cares less,about worker.
Ted talk to countless healthcare no votes in the Senate ? Really ? People want freedom of choice ? Really ? How about just Healthcare ?
Do you hire because you have lots of money or because you need to create more goods/services? Who buys more G/S, the top 5% or the other 95%
How about a trickle up tax cut?
Dilly Dilly
What about Rand Paul
Reductions in spending #1
Reductions in tax deduction #2
Increase in economy #3
Reaganomics increased the national debt. Trumponomics will do the same. We can't afford this.
WRONG!
Europe needs to take responsibility for its own defense. They have the GDP and population to balance Russia.  Its a choice they make -We pay
You can care all you want to, #LyingTed, but caring won't fix anything. The only way to pay a bill is to PAY IT. With money.
@Harvard_Law Ted Cruz is clearly is too dumb to understand taxation, or unethical enough to lie about it. Good job educating him!
Are you serious? We need economic growth to increase tax revenue... i.e. pay it with money. Do you think before you tweet?
Trickle down economics!
Apparently I care more about the deficit than you, because I’m willing to acknowledge the truth: you have to cut defense and entitlements.
Or spend less than you take in maybe?
GDP is a lagging indicator, so the Regan tax cuts could well have played a role in the 7.3%, but he increased taxes because of deficits
Democrats only know how to subtract never made it thru adding and multiplying
Wrong! Every citizens' portion of the Federal debt is over $61K, not to mention future unfunded liabilities.
Fixed tax rate NO deducts for anyone ! Simplify the tax system and close down IRS
Because you hate the poor, or because you want to tongue bathe the rich?
So useless, Rafael. You can justify anything to keep shoveling money to the 1%. Only in America. Definitely wouldn't fly in Canada or Cuba.
Except Canada has a lower top bracket than US. But go ahead keep talking out of your

Data source:
I just looked at the GDP data for 1980's and it is interesting to note, that while GDP growth was 7.3% in 1984 there were also tax increases
President Reagan, one of Ted's heroes, threatened to veto the 1986 Tax Reform Act if if it wasn't revenue-neutral.
Washington is rigged for the super wealthy and @tedcruz will make sure it stays that way. Next gen sells bcause they want cash, like lottery
The best part is hearing scum DemocRats actually saying they care about the debt. Give me a break. Your boy Obama grew it by $10 Trillion.
People like @andrewrsorkin argue against growth at all costs in favor of theoretical equality. This mindset oppresses the poor. He is rich
Hypocrite! Tax cuts have NEVER led to smaller debt. Not once in history.
That is why he gave all Federal employees 13 paid days off #lol
RW'ers - if you are concerned about deficits. Ifyou are going in debt do you cut back on work or do you get a 2nd job to increase income?
I drop cable, the kids cell phones going to the movies, AND get a second job. Wants are not needs but it’s a tough message to sell for votes
Point is your plan is to increase money coming in -The cuts you speak of never happen-R's cut taxes, increase debt because cuts don't happen
Can @joesquawk be any more wrong? @andrewrsorkin don't give up, you're right. I don't get how @tedcruz beleives himself.
