7 years and you guys still haven't come up with anything. 7 years.
Not the fault of @SenTedCruz. Look to John McCain for that. His health care is paid for.
Cruz didn't offer an cogent ideas. It is as much his fault as the rest of the GOP. They actively sabotaged the law rather than improve it.
He offered a very sensible compromise solution that would have lowered premiums and preserved consumer choice. Not his fault.
His "solution" was inane. It would have blown up the insurance market.
What's yours?
providers give straight forward pricing. They should do the same with hospitals, testing facilities, etc.
How about keeping the government out of the health care business? That too much to ask?
Only if and when you are in charge. Thank you for fighting for us.
I know - I'm wanting Cruz for Leader. Possible?
I think we need a few more wave elections and primary defeats for RINOs for that to happen.
How many have to go before they get OUR message?
About 45. I'm not kidding either. With McConnell at the head of the list.
It's always, "give me another chance" with you. "I will do better." You have failed, have no ideas, and will lose in 18. New ideas needed.
He gave an excellent idea and was sabotaged by Rinos know your facts rino!!!!
An "excellent idea" that would not have made it past senate parliamentarian. Replace him with a wigglin' willie and we still come out ahead.
Replace him you get nothing you get a rino or worse yet a democrat.  His proposal fell short by 7 to 8 votes that means 40 other senators
McCain Murkowski and Collins just killed thousands of Americans. Ten thousand dollar deductibles keep sick home until too late.
ACA helped me and my family...
Then please remember the dead in your prayers. They died for you.
You believe in God but don't want to help out others? That's not very Christian...
You really don't get it do you. The ACA kills people!
The Senate has become the second biggest joke in USA. Liberal court judges are in first place with Congress running a very close third!!
Sad 1/2ofWANTs tyranny #ObamaCare KILLS WEALTH&HEALTH 4 Other1/2 want #Libertad #FreedomMatters THIS IS COMMUNISM GovDependance MANDATED
Trump needs to bring in non politicians .
The old politicians are corrupt ; especially those who have been in Washington for over ten years
I am lucky to afford pvt insurance; not all ppl are, just get affordable for uninsured w/out 'pre-exist' clause already!
We were promised full repeal, we were lied to.  Gov has no place in insurance or healthcare.
Ted they promised to repeal. PROMISED!! Your doing a great job. I do not believe in most of your GOP counterparts.
Trumpcare is worse.  More will lose coverage then incumbents will be voted out!!!
I don't doubt you and Rand but some of the others .....
Shhhhhhhh. Tired of you
Still calling Obamacare a trainwreck. Your tired rhetoric makes about as much sense as you do.
Stop worshipping at the altar of the free market and start worshipping Jesus.  There is no free market solution that is also a moral one.
why no one has contacted Betsy McCaughey who knows more abt  Obamacare & what should b done with it. Ted step outside the box& b a hero
Not with McCains help! Arizona is embarrassed!
Obviously not while McCain is still alive & the other 2 Rinos are still there
Cruz is a demonrat portraying himself as a Republican. Lying Ted will always be a crook like the rest old Washington establishment.
"Sometimes I wonder whether the world is being run by smart people who are putting us on or by imbeciles who really mean it." –Mark Twain
You sir are eternally optimistic,Wish I had as much faith in those people as you do,I just don't.God Bless.
And the train wreck you propose takes healthcare FROM 32 million mostly children. Obamacare gave healthcare to many. #LIAR
I really think it is time for States to step up at bat and use the 5th Amendment to try seriously to limit terms for both houses.
Congress exempting themselves from the laws ordinary citizens have to live under is a working definition of duplicity
Congress is not exempt. Unless covered by a spouse or Medicare, by law, they must use the exchange.
True! But they get special subsidies to offset the costs of their gold plans to an effective rate well below what ordinary citizens pay
Ask Pres Trump to sign EO requiring all elected officials &a Staff to only be on Obamacare - vote to repeal/replace will happen quickly
The only way is purging the current @GOP with true conservatives. R's don't mean anything when they're all RINOs.
In time we will have an ALL NEW Congress.  Starting with the Primary on March 6th 2018.  Then November 6th 2018.  #LoseCruz2018
They'll have to, Sen. Cruz.  Premiums are more than the monthly Rent & some cases, the  Car Payments. Its ridiculous.
Senator, the Federalists love you. Why stay with the weak Republicans.
Proof is in the pudding and right now it has sour milk in it.
The majority of your fellow Senators are only interested in what they can get out of the deal and how to help them stay on gravy train.
Time is short  pretty pissed about this
Yes. Work on fixing the known issues with the ACA and quit using the issues to raise money from yokels.
If all elected officials had to live under the same rules & regulations as ordinary citizens, the laws would change within a week
Start with keeping Americans insured!!
REPEAL ,DO NOT REPLACE .GO BACK TO PRIOR ARRANGEMENT .
They had better.
And I believe in time the country will see you as the rattlesnake you truly are.
Shame on you!
I hope you are right but right now many voters are disappointed in the Republican Party.  John McCain betrayed the American people
At least just get it so it's not mandatory.  Us working Americans can't keep paying for the lazy greedy.
The same thing would have happened to you senator had you been POTUS. How wud u handled it?
At least Senate knew better than to replace it with your global disaster "freedom plan"
They had better or get voted out
Start by fixing. Not junking ACA
Time?  Innaguration Day was in January.  Full repeal was passed in 2015. More time won't make half the caucus not a bunch of liars & thieves
I dearly hope you're right about that.
We don't believe that!
You were right in 2013 when you said if the GOP didn't stand up then it would be almost impossible to repeal it later. Thank you for trying.
It's not impossible, all they have to do is keep their promise.
That's the impossible part... many of them just raised money by campaigning against Obamacare with no intention to ever follow thru.
The lie the @GOP did on repeal of ACA is way bigger that the lie Obama did to get It passed.  Biggest political betrayal in US history.
You're way too optimistic Sen Cruz. I don't see this GOP repealing Obamacare. I think we are all headed towards a single payer system.
maybe... after  COS passes term limits.
I believe in you Ted you have never lied to me -yet. I would like to go back to the beginning.Employer paid ins,Medicaid,Medicare suppliment
You all better if you want to keep your jobs. I'm sick of this Obamacare .
Someone is vying for 2020.... hmmm.
Only if we elect more people like you
No more excuses- @SenJohnMcCain screwed everyone.
@SenJohnMcCain had the guts to stand up for the people of AZ, what have done for us except being self serving
When you have the same insurance as the American people then maybe we will believe you. @BetoORourke 2018.  Until then you are a hypocrite
Billions in big pharma bail out on the way
You've had 7 years to come up with a plan. We are over it. Can't wait till the next election!
If you don't work across the aisle then it will be illegitimate just like you
THE REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW. TIRED OF FUCKING WAITING. DR. JOSH UMBEHR
Sorry but I doubt it. The Republicans will lose their majority at the next election because of their actions, or inaction
It's not pretty watching a prisoner of ideology squirm.
Don't  give up on this start a brand new health bill stop trying to fix obamacare .  REPEAL AND REPLACE
You should be potus
Please keep trying! My employer plan premiums, copays , co insurance and deductible is getting more expensive every year!!!
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IS DOA,PLEASE HELP TO FORM A TRUE CONSERVATIVE POLITICAL PARTY,YOU WILL GET MY VOTE
I am a real person who was truly holding my breath last night hoping you all would help me and others. So betrayed.
Hold some authentic town halls & listen to your constituents ideas, please. Bless your heart.
You have been singing this song for years. Fix it. Make healthcare affordable.
Convention of States, term limits, give the government back to the people.  No constitutional provision for gvmt involvement in healthcare
I do hope so!!!
It's time we the voters, repeal and replaced members of congress. Starting with those who's priority is to bail out insurance companies
Not with your current @SenMajLdr at the helm... @SenateGOP has lied and has no plan after 7 years of "planning" for repeal. #TermLimits
Unfortunately I believe it will have to wait until the 2018 Senate races and the Republicans gaining an additional 5 seats
I don't agree because both the "Republican" and Democratic Parties are one in the same "Socialist".
Nothing short of full repeal is going to fix this train wreck. We need govt OUT of our healthcare, not taking it over & going single payer!
Healthcare for all is in the mission statement of our constitution.
Show me where. It isn't in the Constitution. I believe people should have access to healthcare, just don't pretend it is a function of govt.
Ted I believe in you but have truly lost faith in the @GOPChairwoman @GOP #MAGA #TraitorMcCain
Unfortunately, the GOP has set a precedent on its failure on repealing the AHA. We have a memory at the ballot box, believe me.
Not believing what the GOP says any longer.  Sad.
When we vote you all out.
Honor is something you know very little about.
Lyin Ted!!
You are the trainwreck Senator #protectourcare
Repeal it.
Tepublican Congress and Senate are like Elementary school students.  Instead of staying and working to repeal OBAMACARE, they run for recess
Putting the politicians on Ocare would be an excellent first step ! Those that pass laws should also live by them, including healthcare
How can law makers presume to understand the people when they continually set them self apart, and above !?
In the meantime I can no longer go out in the heat , or my prosthetic falls off. Been needing a new one for 4 years now 
But will you honor the American people who want better quality health care at an affordable price. Let's see if you can do that
In time this Congress will not be in Congress, and if we keep moving left our democracy will cease to exist.
#winning
Grow up.
in the mean time we (the voters) will be out here holding our ankles. Thanks for nothing. #TermLimits
You guys not honoring ur  promise to americab people   why u not call out ur fellow republicans  that   helped pass obamacare call them out
We are very disappointed in our senators
Promises built around a lie, a fraud, you used for 8 yrs of campaign propoganda promoted by drug & med providers giving u millions of $
Awww. Come on. Everyone has been crying about it for seven years. Or was it just a political talking point?
Unfund  it , allow across state purchases of,  fast track rules for nurses and doctors( capitalism) don't allow insurance companies to lobby
The failures of the Senate is more fuel for the people to push for term limits to end the   problems in DC
The face of cuckery.
maybe when you all get on the same page,which is the welfare of the American people! Not yourselves
Hey Ted, hope voters pick your Republican challenger next time you're up for reelection.
Honor your promise to allow states to decide to bring back lifetime max and deny preexisting conditions? You're a monster.
For congress on the plan it would be fixed by morning
We need to dump those three Dem who run as Republicans out of office Don't run as a Republican then party on floor of senate with Dems
.@SenTedCruz for Senate Leader!
Oh good grief. Give it up. If you can't work together this will be groundhog day!
So glad that 51 other Senators are smarter and more compassionate than you.
Hope you are right but I just don't believe it.
ACA is NOT a train wreck,  in spite of your repeated attempts to derail it...
You may believe...we don't! Vote them all out!
Do not bale out insurance companies!
The Republican Party is a train wreck!  I am so embarrassed. I will now be changing my affiliation to LIBERTARIAN 
Get rid of McConnell & Ryan! Terrible leaders. You will lose in 2018 & 2020 if this party doesn't get their crap together.
Why would liars stop lying?
Ok, but its startin' to feel like Sam Becket's "Waiting For Godot"! How long does the American public have to suffer before you take action?
8 years not enough, Lyin' Ted? 
Time and giving the elected everything they asked of us has made no difference. REPEALING them just might, though.
Youve been saying this
how much time? It's been seven years folk. I thought this was to continue the conversation...so now there's no conversation?
Most of GOP will lose next elections 4 not doing their job. Shameful.
Keep up the good work Senator Cruz. You have more faith in the others than I do.
You will  but how about the rest
Only if McCain had ACA instead - he'd vote for repeal/replace - be months before he found diagnosis & to late/expensive to treat for age Not
Be strong Mr Cruz!  I hope you can mend the rift between the freedom caucus and the Whitehouse! Potus needs YOU!
"...in time..." is important here. Stop trying to rush through terrible policies!
Oh really Ted first order is to get rid of Mitch McConnell, can we now confirm McCain and Collins are democrats, all talk no action
Honestly, no I don't think it will.  It will implode and the majority will push single payer because the government wants control.
In the meantime, I will have to enroll with a 5th insurance provider and pay more than my current $1200 rate...take your fricking time.
Your promise was to harm as many people as possible. #2018
No breaks until it is 
#2018cleaninghouse
Texans reject your campaign threats.  You can't come up with anything better than the ACA.  Except by cooking the books.  Start with honesty
Yo Eddie Haskell, I saw you rambling on @CNN around 2 am. Get some sleep, fella. Wake up rested and figure out who suck up to next.
I hope so Senator. At this point I have little faith in either party
I call BS...its never gonna happen republicans have failed thier voting pool heres a promise 2018 mid terms will look allot different
The senators have failed to deliver to the American workers
With all due respect, Sentaor Cruz, I don't. Meanwhile I must still choose between ignoring my conscience and ignoring my health.
Better get busy, or there are going to be a lot of different senators in a couple of years.  Less excuses, more leadership.
The real train wreck is the fact is the people who represent this country and were so blinded by hate never had a real plan!!

Time just happens to be a crucial factor
It's an entitlement...congress never "fixes" entitlements...unless you call throwing more $$$ at it a fix.
Fix the ACA. Texas deserves better than Cruz.
Force each member of congress to use only what his/her state offers. You'll get cooperation then!
Am curious why you say "this" Congress instead of "the" Congress?
I do not. Our Government is run by liars..if you like doctor and insurance keep them. The 3 no votes were from Senators who promised repeal
Keep strong we are counting on you and praying for you!
Honor Your promise of better health care (not just lower premiums) at an affordable cost? Bring it on!!!
Fixing it is easy - two words.  
SINGLE 
PAYER
"in time"? 7 years is a long time... right? confusing!!!
CLEARLY, @SenJohnMcCain has perfected how to "maverick" a possible conservative step forward.  No it will not be easy. #HealthcareBill
Fat Chance, they've shown where they stand and it is NOT with the citizens
The promise is not more important than the reality. Focus on core problem – rising healthcare costs, not the symptom – the cost of premiums!
You'll get over it. Don't be so sad.
Just SO worried we'll lose GOP control in '18 cuz nothing getting passed, esp in Senate!! More imp, no fixes accomplished. Can u become Ldr?
I am so disgusted with the RINO's who betrayed us and voted against the skinny repeal. Seven years of promises came down to "Just kidding."
Might be trainwreck, but that disaster you called a repeal/replace bill WAS horrific so we dodged a nuclear disaster of biblical proportions
#youlie The biggest train wreck appears to be Congress and the 45th #POTUS administration 
#gop #dnc
What happened to the republican Senators? House Republicans passed.
While all of you WAIT w your healthcare paid BY THE ONES WHO HAVE LOST THEIRS FOR YRS. IS AN OXYMORON! DEFUND ALL YOUR BENEFITS-FOR SURE.
I wish I shared your optimism I believe that any government-run health care will fail
Which promises are you honoring, exactly??  Seems like GOP is full of "me" players.... hell of a team, Senator.

I wonder what your kids will think of you knowing you bowed down to the man that disrespected your father and their mom? 
Only when the people fire all those #establishment #NeverTrumpers #wolvesinsheepsclothing
Sooner than latet plz
To help and not hurt people? To not value party over people or rich over poor/average? That's what you should do.
Get rid of it. We had good ins. This is ridiculous
We know you have the good fight and honored your pledge
Uh....why are we 'fixing' this? #startfromscratch
Sorry @TedCruz the regular folk r just not buying this anymore
Ppl r really suffering & Washington swamp is concerned w/their own pockets
Ted, put an amendment to put congress on Obama care.   They will pass real health care once u guys r on it!!  MAGA!!
Aw shucks you only had 7 years to come up with something viable and you couldn't. GOP - yesterday's party.
Easier than fixing the train wreck that is @SenTedCruz
Too bad you weren't born in Texas they know not to beat a dead horse.
