@ReaganBattalion The senator has not been the same since he sold his soul and integrity to Trump
Sold his soul?  Nah!  He chose a bad Republican over the Devil in a pantsuit! The best move possible under the circumstances!
when politics are more important than your father and wife you have sold your soul lost self respect and dignity IMO
Ted's father, who escaped Fidel Castro probably encouraged him to keep America from becoming another Cuba.
get'em Ted!
you re such a philosopher Ted.    Yes Dems can do that.  We must do that in a democracy.  Get over it and your self
@marian_maio They are truly discussing.  As a tax paying American I am sick of what is going on in DC with the DNC
Merrick Garland
It's rich for you to expect dems to roll over & blithely accept this ultra conservative judge when u would not even give Garland a hearing
Ted Talks

Rubbish
That's just half of it...practically yesterday when Judge G was whisked thru w/o a single contrary word. 
eloquent, judicious statement Sen Cruz, u might enjoy Steve Crowder's analysis Gorsuch best come backs https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Rqdw9h6cD6U …
He is not "maligned." This is a hearing. And he's not being ignored (unconstitutionally) as you did with Garner.
what's richer is your party refusing to consider the nominee of a sitting president. How do you live with yourself hypocrite?
Duplicity has never deterred a Liberal from embarrassing themselves - although they don't see it that way.
Hypocrisy has never deterred a republican from embarrassing themselves. Right, Lyin' Ted?
Haha. Your joke falls flat because it has no basis in fact.
you all have done the same.  Don't worry, we will remember all you have done to lie and bandwagon with the treason train.
@cruzgrassroots Great job, Ted,!
lying ted. didn't his dad kill someone. #circlejerk
they wouldn't be ing if nominated constitutionalist during Obama years. Why political judges?
This guy is one of the reasons I can't be republican.
Yeah. Your loss. Maybe wake up.
Don't act like you serve the American people when you answer to your corporate donors. You can't have it both ways
Amen!
The only problem I see-you called it "rich", I call it hypocrisy on the Dum Dimms part.The real problem-they don't see the double standards
Please Ted, you are the poster child for both ways, there should not even be a hearing for Merrick Garland's seat on the court.
The Democrats have always been HYPOCRITES.
Thank You For #TRUTH! SO disgusting watching the Democrats Spewing their venom! Another case of #DemocratAmnesia #BidenRule
You tellem' Mr Cruz! They (dems) like to have Fed judges in their back pockets. Doing their bidding.
Kind of like the whole, "We expect a smooth conf 4 the people" when its your guy, but, "FUCK YOUR CHOICES BECAUSE REASONS!!!" when it's not
Cruz is right on
Mr. Senator, it's time to roll up the sleeves and get ready to nuke the Fakemocrats. The PEOPLE demand Judge Gorsuch
One is going for the SCOTUS, the other is just doing their job. Can't you see the diff?
Once again the democrats have shown the American people that their sole purpose on this land is to obstruct.
Thank you Ted for exposing the Dummercrats for what they are...
Hypocrits!
Is it ok for Trump to malign several sitting fed judges while crying if Gorsuch is criticized?
I completely agree. I'm glad to see one Republican Senator stand up against the Democratic Party and call it like he see"s it.
@AndyTho10107697 i remember who John Hancock was you smug arrogant people
Then again I don't even want to know what kind of weird fetish shit you google.
Yep. Not like an honorable man like you. You just sat there and refused even to hold hearings. #MerrickGarland
Dichotomy!
its rich for Repubs to demand confirmation after totally denying confirmation for a year #hypocrisy
as one of your constituents with #MS I don't think this guy belongs on the Supreme Court.
you are walking the walk brother!!!!    Keep up the good work.
Sen Cruz:     If it weren't for Double Standards Dumb-0-rats would have absolutely No Standards At All.
Hi Ted. Have you got some knowledges in Droit Fiscal? Do you have some advice? I have a lot of questions, but no answer. Thanks.
almost as rich as #POTUS doubling down that ur dad helped murder JFK in #Time interview & yet u still support that lunatic.
don't be snarky. Support independent investigator/prosecutor for the Russisn connection. Also--your voicemail is full.
#GorsuchHearing @SenTedCruz rock on! #hypocrisy is evident w/both parties 
However..Dems HAVE perfected it
#confirmgorsuch
THIS! @SenTedCruz
@realDonaldTrump told @TIME he still thinks your father helped Oswald kill JFK, and you want to accept his judgment on Anything?
Cruz smarter than the entire Dem US Senate reps: see some of them and realize how inane voters were to elect Dem libs.
AMEN!!! but they know they are in trouble.
you nailed it, Senator Cruz!  Keep speaking the truth.
That is one of the best lines I heard from you! Well Congress in space was good too. Great point!
stop the pissing match and do your job!!! No one cares about this stuff - we need mature representation, not high school drama.
You blocked everything President Obama did. SCOTUS position should have been filled a year ago!!!
unless you are an R. Then it is whatever suits the corporations.
The Democrats are shameful. I would be so ashamed if I voted for any one of them.
we learned it from you!!
Expose the lying slandering left
did u have breakfast with Lee Harvey Oswald when u were young? Never knew your father was a assassin?  Thanks @realDonaldTrump
One Word :G-a-r-l-a-n-d can't have it both ways Teddy.
didn't you also say that we should leave the SC with 8 justices if Hillary won?
What's rich is you drawing equivalency between arguing the issues and basing your criticism on ethnicity as Trump did.
has never been on a high level job interview. You may want to reach out to Judge Garland if you feel someone had been wronged
Screw them who do they think they are "GOD" not in my life time - we need to take these idiots out of office
- It seems that the left forgets that every word that they speak in public is recorded for all posterity.
Love it! very good!
@NancyLRogers1 Sir, your middle name is Ted "For Sale" Cruz!
@NancyLRogers1 Says who? The man that a sitting President offended his dad and wife; Yet, accepted a dinner invite from him. Ok!
right , the dems called him a "so called judge", try again Mr. False-Analogy
Comrade,@SenTedCruz you mean like Comrade @realDonaldTrump maligned judges,military,intel agencies etc?But its ok for him ? you joke #resist
Uh...the comma is your friend, Ted. Thank you & @realDonaldTrump for proving public schools are superior to private ones.
you're growing on me Cruz, get Sasse under control while you're at it
Did you really accept almost $4 million from insurance companies to pimp #Trumpcare?
Yes, and he also took $$$ to vote to allow ISPs to sell your internet history and end FCC online privacy rules.
God bless Ted Cruz
why not? You held up Obamas Supreme Court nominee for over a year. NOWYou want it both ways. Screw the GOP!
it's rich for u to criticize anything. Do u ever hear yourself or does your mirror show a reflection? Just back off.
But the Democrits can do just that!
knows how to smoke em. Atta boy!
Go Get'm Tiger/Lion. Continue to remind them why what we Truly vote for, Repeal Root and Branch!!
word
Way to go!! Hope you straighten these people that think their job is to harass this judge. Donkey BBQ right?
NO NO NO! 45 IS BAD. PARTY POLITICS IS BAD. THE REPUB. HEALTHCARE THING IS BAD. RUSSIA IS BAD. DID I MAKE THAT SIMPLE ENOUGH?
For all the Garlandites.
BRILLIANCE!
but your face
Love it! Thanks for calling them out their hypocrisy
@millerwk That is Libtard thinking all their way all of the time
.@SenTedCruz And what about your own undignified behavior toward another federal judge, Merrick Garland?
I'd like to thank you for avoiding your constituents in order to collect docs that in no way will influence the appt of Gorsuch
your alright Ted
*you're
Senator Cruz, why is seating Gorsuch seat important?  I seem to remember you saying a court doesnt need 9 judges.
#Trump does! Though he represented all #Republicans?
Maybe you CAN have it both ways, Teddy!
#TrumpFollies #nevercruz
Remember supreme court seat has 2b a reflection of the people's will. ur BFF @potus lost pop vote. Guess we wait till 2020,19,18
It's called a hearing; it's not maligning.  Grow up.
42
Lyin' Ted. Everyone agrees Gorsuch is qualified. Not the issue. McConnell and the Senate didn't do their job. MGarland, first.
AMEN Cruz is absolutely right! @Trumpified_King @asamjulian @charliekirk11 @YoungDems4Trump
.@SenTedCruz You don't seem to understand the difference between vetting a candidate verses slandering someone you don't agree with Teddy.
@Babbsgirl2  Oh they want it both way.
You were much more entertaining when you were on the Munsters TV show
Ted is preachin' the truth.  Teach 'em Ted.  Folks are getting fed up with the political nonsense.
he's the one who said we should leave SC with 8 justices if Hillary won. I agree with leaving the SC with 8 justices
seems like both ways have been the norm forever and a day. 4Get seems like.
Of course @SenTedCruz wants a Russian sympathizer to pick our SCOTUS! Can't wait for @Castro4Congress, who is a Texan to replace him in 2018
Your support is not a good thing for Judge Gorsuch. #No2Ted2018 #TiredOfTed
Way to go Ted Cruz you are right on target. Bombs away!
AMEN
@jstines3 but, but, but, Gorsuch is mean, he follows that rotten constitution! 
thank you for all you do Mr. Cruz. keep up the good work.
is starting to have Donald trump tweet syndrome, whereby you tweet before actually thinking.
it's also rich to block Obamas nominee and then have immediate hearings for trumps. This coming from worlds biggest hypocrite.
Didn't think I would ever say it...but "Good for you Cruz"!!!!!!
Well said sir!
That is the leftist credo: 'Do as we say, not do as we do'. All the left knows is hypocrisy.
it's maligning to question him during confirmation for a lifetime position? Do you ever think before you tweet?
You should be ashamed of yourself Ted.  Ridicules what you just said.  I supported you!
Senator, can't someone stand up & be the leader you soooo desperately need!
@USAneedsTRUMP I'm getting a tingle up my leg
what's RICH Ted is how you sold out! I was actually proud of you @ the RNC... SNAP! Easy come/easy go......
Amen!
Keep Up The Good Fight!
- you absolutely nailed it!!!
It's rich for you to want to continue confirming nominations made by an admin under FBI investigation. #CountryOverParty
Those wires don't come anywhere close to connecting.

@SenTedCruz
Enjoy continuing to live in denial. The rest of us will do what's needed to save this country.
go get em Ted
it's rich that you would take your wife and kids to dinner with a guy that called you "Lyin' Ted" and your wife ugly. Sad really
bravo Senator! God bless you!
Judge Garland? You hypocrite.  @GOP all hypocrites
This is the Cruz I know and love. Tell it like it is Sir.
FYI, you are unequivocally NOT part of the #MAGA plan.
The Supreme Court unanimously overturn Gorsuch own ruling.  Haha. You're backing another loser, @tedcruz
"no balls" Cruz is working for a guy who degraded his wife.. you're a pathetic excuse for a man and father.
Difference b/w senators serving their constitutional role to vet nominees and President trying to delegitimize judiciary, no?
honestly you think them judges nominated by obama are blocking trump travel ban legitimately? lol.
You tell them, SenTed, you tell them.
well said sir!
It's rich for a man to support a POTUS that insulted his wife and said his father was involved in an assassination.
neither can you
Way to go! You presented a logical argument. Unfortunately it will go over the Dems heads. But you were great! 
WRONG..#potus demeaning a judge over his decision while on that bench still dedicing - troublesome
Hearings - DIFF!
Agree can't block Garland and expect instant approval of Gorsuch
.@SenTedCruz U are as misguided as Scalia; how do we lock up "CITIZEN" PG&E? @HoustonChron @texasdemocrats
Nxt.?;CORPORATIONS AREN'TcitizensBECAUSEtheyCAN'Tbe imprisoned;i.e. San Bruno pipeline fire @PGE4Me ,which now has RATE PAYERS PAYINGtheFINE
Get 'Em Ted!
@ReaganBattalion   That's how ALL confirmation hearings work. Just stop.
@ReaganBattalion Wow he actually showed up today. I'm impressed.
Did you just confuse @realDonaldTrump 's assault on the independent judiciary with the Senate's advise-and-consent process?
it's rich for a right wing zealot like you, who sat on Garland nomination for more than 300 days, to criticize Democrats at all.
oh but when trump did he a jerk, a traitor.
Sir that's rich. Another example of the double standard of the left.
@ReaganBattalion Sigh- challenging questions during a vetting session isn't maligning. Come on Ted.
when he is being considered for the highest court in the land, criticism is warranted.
Do you know what smarmy means?
Isn't that his middle name? Spelled with a C though--Scmarmy. 
#idiot
# you got that right yes is yes and no is no so stop being hypocrites democrats can't have it both ways
@Tsionizm One thing we know for SURE:  Dems/Libs are NOT tolerant of others views and they are so hypocritical, it's laughable!!
I didn't vote for you Ted ! Keep up the good fight !
Senators attacking Gorsuch philosophy in confirmation =/= POTUS saying Curiel unfair to him 'cos "he's Mexican"
. Why didnt dems attack his last nomination.... Cuz it wasn't convenient then, only now, hypocrisy...
How about what GOP did to Judge Garland? Was what ok?
