You aren't paid a 6-figure salary to pray @marcorubio. You're paid to help stop these deadly situations. #FFL #FortLauderdale
Senator Rubio got more votes than either of the POTUS candidates.
who cares. He needs to start doing his job.
patties Back pack Shack
Interning for @TheDemocrats blow horns
really, that's your rebuttal or factual challenge?Just pointing out facts
Obama legacy...election of Donald Trump ... little snowflake
if all you can do is name call, please troll elsewhere. Facts ok this, no
and actually I'm part of #TeamRubio and your the troll
only idiots and children pray.
Prayer works, sir.
tell me on once occasion a prayer actually worked? not once In human history.
I have prayers answered all the time.
thinking for yourself, reading, looking at evidence of the world and the universe. Not a shred of evidence for a god. None.
I feel sorry for you. Just look at creation and the complexity of our DNA. There has to be a creator.
don't feel sorry for me. I'm not the one who is lying to myself. DNA is complex as is evolution, however that does mean we are
you are trying very hard to not believe in God.
.@marcorubio You weren't elected to pray. You were elected to ACT. Guns kill 33,000 Americans every year and you do nothing.
Why is it the only people your group wants to stop is law abiding gun owners?
law abiding? currently guns are sold to people who are mentally disabled, people who are bipolar,schizo
The question you pose has nothing to do with the answer you give. Mentally disabled people can't get a gun legally.
yes they can& do. Plus family members who live with such shouldnt be allowed weapons on property, storage
People have a mentally disabled kid through no fault of their own, and you have a right to take their constitutional rights away?
No they can own but should have to prove the disabled has no access to the weapons...as in Sandy Hook
You've proved your own point. The shooter in sandy hook legally wasn't allowed the own the gun. He took it from his mom illegally.
Then Rubio says "the NRA was very upset that I had 2 take time showing fake concerns instead of selling more guns 2 criminals"
Fake bullshit
I also prayed for the victims at the #FortLauderdale airport.  It made me realize that this is exactly the legacy that Obama
do you think they have healthcare hypocrite
Please don't REPEAL AND RUN on the ACA. Millions of Floridians will lose jobs and health insurance. You have nothing to replace
Your prayers don't do shit Coward
Why do you feel the need to be so aggressive?
someone should be because clearly Marco wont, he will just keep taking money from the @NRA
Yeah maybe he should try to end gun free zones?
Sure even a gun aficionado can see how there are places guns go wrong #gunsandalcoholnothx
Like Boston Marathon bomber, the Ft. Lauderdale shooter shows the Allah ONE hand sign. WHY is the US gov't hiding MUSLIM again?
until you have a plan in place, don't allow ACA to be repealed, just to score political points. My family needs this plan.
Your prayers won't bring back the dead, heal the injured, or alleviate the families' grief. Do something REAL. #guncontrol #FLL @marcorubio
Your thoughts and prayers still haven’t worked, @marcorubio. DO SOMETHING! #gunreformnow #GunContolNow #MCD #FloridaShooting
About 150,000 Americans will die from gun violence, dwarfing any other countries toll: What are you GOING TO DO? #Enough
yes bc we see how well stricter gun laws work in Chicago
Agree.....the guns don't pull their own triggers
and an oven doesn't bake it's own cake, but I still bet you use one...
Uh huh - nothing but prayers from u people.  Yet u continue to allow guns to be in the hands of mentally ill. U R Complicit.
has left for America.  What occurred are things that I've seen in 3rd world countries now in our country.  Thanks so much for
So R we
- shut up and listen to the boss.  Stop your nonsense.  Remember who gave the voice to now speak.
Do you ever work or do you just tweet about praying all day.  Clear that God doesn't think much of you.
Great.
Dont worry my friend you will get your usual spike in gun sales.
just returned from China. When you enter airport you go thru first security check. Metal detector & security.MUST be done here.
your legacy Obama. We really needed what you've left us with.
Hey @marcorubio did you just graduate from the #LindseyGraham #JohnMcCain #nevertrump war college? #SupportTrump confirm Tillerson
STOP PRAYING AND REFUSE THE NRA BRIBES OF WHICH YOU ARE AWARE.  GUN LAWS NOW.  STOP BULLSHIT.  STOP GANGSTER TRUMP.  BE A MAN!
too bad you have no interest in talking to constituents. Can't reach your office by phone.
How about instead of praying you, I dunno, introduce some gun legislation, now that you have majorities? #noexcusesleft
praying is useless. We need gun control
War monger McCain.https://twitter.com/IVotedTrump/status/819300412503293952 …
Your prayers are bullshit. Put up or shut up! #NRAhack
Hey he is Florida's senator!! You negative ppl  are so messed up. Marco can't change the constitution alone!! Have some respect
He could introduce legislation though. Someone has to lead instead of just praying someone will...
Act on gun control legislation and you won't be praying so often for gun victims #Enough
I can think of several more useful things you could do. #gunsense
mental health care, common sense gun laws, close loopholes allowing guns & ammo on planes...but no prayers r fine.
that's the point. Pass legislation making it illegal. Or just keep praying.
Killing folks is already illegal... #gunsense 

@safespacegod @marcorubio
Pass sensible gun control
we're with you Marco!  I will also pray for those that think prayers do not work!
Rubio says "Let me get this line out and then Talk 2 NRA so I can continue 2 sell guns 2 criminals/terrorists"
But I will still GLADLY give guns to criminals/terrorists because the NRA wants me to
Guns don't kill ppl - terrorists do.
looks like a lot of heartless people responding to this post could also use prayers.  SMH
Your a good person Senator and don't forget as a Trump supporter I am glade you did not give up. From @WalterWcampagn
We have enemies. Our airports are vulnerable. Let's critique our transportation systems & make needed imporovements.
Stop praying and do something about #guncontrolnow #useless
Prayers are not enough. We need action. Inability to see this security vulnerability cost us. We're tired of feeling afraid.
May they rest in Light Eternal
thoughts and prayers are sweet, Marco, but keeping guns out of the hands of the mentally ill will produce tangible results.
Prayers do nothing, jackass. Use your "power" to pass sensible gun legislation. Or are you too busy slashing embassy security $?
--- YOUR PRAYERS ARE BULLSHIT IF YOU DO NOT ENFORCE GUN CONTROL AND BACKGROUND CHECKS -  YOU ARE A HYPOCRIT!
yes let more good people carry
Thoughts & prayers for what is now commonplace doesn't save any lives & doesn't create solutions to gun violence.
Please consider asking Trump to consider this special needs Band for inauguration! Amazing talents and from Miami!
that's right because more  gun laws will stop all criminals from carrying out acts of terror.
as a legislator your job is to make legislation to help people- prayer is not enough!  Mass shootings are an epidemic in the USA
Instead of praying for them why don't you F****** do something that will make a difference!
@DocWashburn Prayer is good, but then we drain the swamp.
the victims don't need your thoughts & prayers. They need leadership that puts #gunsense above the @NRA lobby. #EnoughIsEnough
It's already illegal to carry gun in Florida aiports. #FFLshooting is a product of #gunsense #FAIL
Stop praying and DO something about it! How many more innocent lives before you act?
yeah that's really going to help you buffoon.
your #thoughtsandprayers Do NOTHING. Be a true leader and offer real solutions for gun control #Enough
No you're not. You're TWEETING that you're praying, which is TWICE as useless. #DoSomethingMeaningful #SensibleGunControl @marcorubio
You prayed after Pulse too. What did you DO? #thoughtsandprayers are not Enough!
B. Sheriff didn't know how to handle yesterday crisis, created more chaos at FLL. poor performance by the BS army always there
Action > prayers, Senator Rubio. Will you have the courage to acknowledge 2 mass shootings in Florida in 7 mths demands change?
really? That's all you got? Doesn't stop mass shootings and gun violence, does it? 
ENACT GUN CONTROL
keep your "thoughts & prayers" and DO SOMETHING ABOUT GUN CONTROL.
we need good mental health care and good gun safety laws. What are u going to DO?
how about preventing the mentality ill from having lethal firearms. Close the gun show loophole.
Once we let security officials identify threats based on vile ideological beliefs we will be able to better avoid such tragedies
pass laws on gunncontrolband reform prayers aren't enough!
how much money did you get from the NRA? Disgrace!!!!
stop praying and do something. Support legislation to get guns out of the hands of the mentally unstable. End gun violence

