Cruz , Another right- wing narcissistic sociopath
DO YOUR JOB
You are lying  are you Russian compromised? Looks like it
,Sessions was the one who brought Carter Page onto team Trump. Page met w/ the Kremlin official LIAR LIAR
Nothing to see here folks just a political ploy HHHMMMM where have I heard this before?
NOTHING BURGER?????
VERY FAMILIAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!
You do know she lost don't you time to get up to date she is not president
TRUE TRUE .....THE DEMOCRAT PARTY IS A TOTAL WRECK !!
WE NEED JUSTICE !!!
Live in the past if you must I have better things to do bye Trumpflake
you have them a discussion but not your constituents? Come on Ted, town hall? I'll serve coffee
We r so tired of GOP leaders that do not fight back. One thing about Dems...they fight to win! We don't!
Finally a smart person on the show.
@morningmika You sent 17 angry insane comments in an hour to Mika&Joe,CHANGE the damn channel!AMERICA first not POTUS
insulting after all the lies from the liberal media for years continuously attacking with their agenda
you know that Joe is a Republican right?
senator, why do you entertain tabloid like news outlets? It's beneath you.
he is so full of it
@WillieGeist Willie Lerch left the interview looking for the latest glucose free vegan  nothing burger #thatshowdum
 Come on!
Mika & Joe, you totally let Cruz reframe this segment as a harmless meeting w/an ambassador. The issue is perjury.
Y do U interview this bad actor bout SESSIONS, his PAL? "Its a NOTHINGBURGER!", he cries out. Sure thing, Lyin Ted.
amd never challenged once
Cruz is such a hypocrite making ridiculous excuses for Sessions! If this was a Democrat, he would be blasting him!
joe and mika.... Silent
I want to hear his alternative facts.
and joe and mika probably didn't question him or challange him
Please NO! Partisan hack!
I tell you, sir: the devil does not exist, there is no devil, yet the GOP sold it's soul to whom & for what?
why donyou guys watch trumps crew
when are you going to have crooked Hillary on
@JoeNBC @morningmika BREAKING NEWS: MJOE PROGRAM EXPOSES: exactly nothing, 90 mins hyperventilation and dumb facial contort
yes let's see what lying ted has to say.
lying under oath is not a nothingburger...sorry it's a big deal
YUP WE KNOW ALL ABOUT THEM ...............LIARS !!
this isn't about her its about this administration and the cronies who defend them.
Trumputins are trained to scream Clinton when Trump yells, "Squirrel!"
I prefer to call them trumplicans. They aren't acting like Americans. Sad!
I prefer to call them Trumputins because they hate USA and are loyal to Russia like Trump!
understand if I swear I may be banned from twitter. So @SenTedCruz you are two faced and politically motivated a$$
has no credibility, sold out his wife &dads dignity 2salvage career, Obama EO's lawless, DJT's not
why waste your time with these cry baby sore looser snowflakes having a meltdown.
Your response to me"right back at you" makes no sense! Go back to Fox & Friends suits your IQ better #alternativefacts SAD!
yes he will
no one watches MSNBC anyway. 11 Million viewers watched Fox.  Not NBC, Nothing But Clinton
No1 whines about"Clinton"except your delusional psycho@POTUS Agent Orange He still thinks he's campaigning SAD!
Not a fan. I changed the channel when he was on. He is so full of himself as well.
A bad Shakespearean actor...
No Prez, right, left, or ctr shld use the power of the state to line the pockets of pals thru DOJ. Astonishing.
Oh, Cruz, you had better distance yourself from Trump and Co. because you are going to go down with them.
Joe, how about investigating the DOJ slush fund? Incredible that something like that could happen. Gov't failing us
Sorry, but  Franken can't ask a question. Perhaps Sen Sessions could have said "WTH are you trying to ask me?"
I watched the Sessions hearing & most others. The level of incompetence & unpreparedness of Dem Sens was palpable.
Regain some credibility lost when you endorsed Trump: recommend Sessions recuse himself & independent investigation
Ted=Fake Patriot
#WeThePeople & True Patriots Demand
#SessionsResignNOW #Perjury #TrumpRussia Crimes #FireSessions
Lying to Congress and suborning treason is not a "nothing burger", Senator. #DoYourJob
Lying Ted couldnt answer the q's of Sessions talks with the Russians. Lying Ted look at bible 4 definition of lying
get your head out of your a$$ Ted, the AG perjured himself about Russia - he needs to resign immediately!
Ted the famous open robed lothario of the third floor dorm. Adverse to personal hygiene too! We rember you, Ted
cruz is a SUCKER 

Trump: Cruz 'holds up the Bible and then he lies' @CNNPolitics
The only things missing from this devil were his horns-attempt to justify Session's lies disgusting & unprincipled.
Oh yeah... Sessions an open an honest guy, yeah right. Liar!
Your lies show all over your face! You're a disingenuous creep.
Hey Mr constitution what are going to do about Trump who ridiculed & accused your family who's now tied to Russia?
Report: Obama administration funneled billions to liberal groups through DOJ 'slush fund'

Apparently Perjury still is a crime! Even for C Street Goobers!  #Sessions
So evidence Podesta doesn't respect Hillary. Thats why we need independent investigator? Right! Where's the beef?
Hey Cruz V. Jarrett moves in with Obama and her daughter works for CNN covering justice dept collusion of media
Ask @SenTedCruz Why he hates an organization that stops financial crimes, protects seniors, disabled and the poor? @CFPB @FBI
Nothing to see here.....@CFPB @FBI @DHSgov Just some Russian money...Nothing to see here.....
Will destroying power of @CFPB help Russia do it's dirty financing? @TimRyan @FBI @DHSgov @NancyPelosi #lies
Ted wants to help banks commit financial crimes by destroying @cfpb. @FBI @CityAttorneyLA @tedlieu @MaxineWaters
Tell Ted Americans love  The @cfpb.Why steal our safety net? #illegalforeclosures #bankfraud @fbi @CityAttorneyLA
COURSE Russia wouldn't contact cruz. 'til cruz realized could pass his ultra conservative agenda, HE WAS ANTI-Trump
#NothingBurger   WTH??
Why? Do we really need to hear from another obnoxious, self-righteous pol?
Nice try Cruz, but the American people could careless about you. Concern with Session because of his position-DOJ.
Shameful.
dude anyone from West knows if you see smoke investigate. Wow look at all the smoke! I think mountain is burning
Had 2 turn the channel midway- Sessions time 4 disclosure was during the testimony -it was a direct ? 0 credibility
Does Russia need @SenTedCruz to weaken @CFPB so they can launder more money? So Ocwen can reverse loan mods and steal homes?
===Much respect for you, Mr. Cruz..no respect for Mornin Joe & Mika...I never watch MSNBC..
Please as @SenTedCruz Why he wants cripple the @CFPB so banks can do what @WellsFargo did to citizens? @CityAttorneyLA @FBI
SoSick of this rumor campaign. Where's the evidence already?
In the hills of PA, if it looks like a skunk, smells like skunk, & sprays like a skunk-you've been skunked! PA=TX
#NothingBurgerCruz let #Sessions clean his mess.  I have binoculars ready
Good for u to support Sessions, more should stand up for him. End the Dem witch hunt. Resume investigation of HC!
A nothing burger. Political theater. Nothing to see here, move along.  #NothingBurger. Is that a thing in Texas?
YOU THINK THIS SHOW IS RIGGED A DEMOCRATIC OFFICIAL JUST TOLD THEM THEY ARE FOING A GREAT JOB ATTACHING #POTUS
or,"How Ivan Got His Groove Back" HACK,pardon me,but,REALLY!?
It is all political theatre! Sen. Sessions was a Senator/Trump Sarrogate. Majority of U.S. voters aren't stupid.
Where do I go to order a #NothingBurger I guess maybe it's a Republican party only thing.
He's whipped.
Shame ur just another ass http://kisser.You  really wanna stand in the light of all these lies?VOTE U OUT 2018
is bitching about the @SenateDems consternation of Sessions then he's making rounds defending him
The biggest jellyfish in the Senate.. An ABSOLUTE GUTLESS MAN!
Senator Nothing-Burger! How appropriate. Party first! WOW
#NothingBurger - wtf?
Senator Nothing Burger needs 2 call 4 Something Sandwich in form of an Independent Investigation of Trump/Russia
Is there a conspiracy? Those who agree it's a nothinburger, and those who do nothing!
is now peddling in "Alternative Facts". Yes- none other than Lying Ted! Trump was right in giving him this name!!!
commie show
Ted Cruz is a double talkin devil. Pin striped mayonnaise lying muthafucka
Ted is once again CORRECT. The attacks on Sessions are a big FAT ZERO....just POLITICAL THEATER. Press on POTUS!
It is hilarious to watch the Canadian try to justify his party colluding with Russia
Joe, why so quiet in your questioning of Senator Evasive?
If every Russian story is bogus, the administration could put it all to rest by supporting investigation.
Wow Rafael if it was a Dem colluding with Russia you'd already have hearings calling for impeachments & resignation
What kind of Christians are these that can't tell the truth? They are nominal Christians--in name only.
Funny to watch Cruz squirm.
Just listening to Cruz harken back to a time of the horse and buggy snake-oil salesperson.
Ted, STOP. We already have a ton of Trump/Russia info civilians connecting ppl. You should put your country first.
I don't believe you are credible sir!
next comes the coverup by the DOJ
Why would you ask Cruz - that paragon of virtue - anything about the truth w/ #JeffSessions?  #spinelessweasel
...time for a Special Prosecutor....now!!!!
Keep digging and eventually you will find a bone. WHY!!!
He is so despicable. Had Cruz been campaigning against Trump, he would be singing a different tune. They all lie.
lies lies lies. Sessions lied under oath. Not a nothing burger!!!  A crime!!!
he met Russian ambassador at the RNC. Not on the job!!  Also brought in Page and Miller!!!  Lied under oath!!!
Shame on you Ted Cruz!!!!
Ted you are ridiculous. You don't make sense at all.
sessions was not asked if he met with Russians he volunteered this lie!
Cruz in full blown coverup on morning Joe
Cruz is reflective of the lack of truth & transparency u get with GOP & urgency for SP
"Lyin Ted"
has certainly changed his tune about Fraud 45. Spineless, treasonous Weasel. Party before Country.
you Blasted the Dems. It's Karma !!!!
love cruz but had to turn you off after tuning in for last 2 years. Joe and Mika have lost my respect
don't believe a word he says...
Cruz, you're the nothingburger
I am a constintuent ,we will.
Unlike his victims! #ZodiakKiller?@Morning_Joe @SenTedCruz
I think it's time to ban another "alternative fact" expert from the show. Enough of Cruz !
Ask Senator Cruz if he still remembers how Trump attacked his father and will he support independent investigation
good luck STC!!
could you edit the "dramatic pauses"? It'l go faster
only watching Morning Joe bc Ted Cruz will be there! 
who was fake Joe Dog NOT INVITED bu Repubicans to sit w/ them during joint ses.?  Maybe Joe Dog STINKS. Lap Dog.
Your advertisements says that you report every angle on stories. How can you say this? Is this false advertising?
remind him that his first name is Raphael and he was/is an immigrant.. remind him that 45 said his wfie was ugly
I support Ted Cruz but wouldn't watch Morning Joe for any reason
@RVAwonk discussing an independent investigation into Trump's Russian ties?
He stated #OrangeHitler bringing back jobs -where did they go? Obama created 11.5 Million - LIE-
jail.  Lying ass ted
he stated Obama sent $300M to Palestine when in fact $ had been approved by Congress in 2015,2015 - LIE-
omg, NOT Ted Cruz, fallen King of the TeaParty and Trumplins. Cruz started ALL THIS CRAP!
remind him that 2018 is coming up and he will be OUT - especially if one of the Castro boys comes gunning for him
Excuses are insane!  Responsible parents hold kids to higher standards than this admin & cronies are held to !!
ask him WHY he won't hold town halls? ask him WHY he keeps stretching the truth (lying) on his FB page-
"If @JeffSessions is the AG 24 hours from now, understand -- @realDonaldTrump #WH is fine with being lying, 
lawless & in bed with Russian intelligence."…
Baudelaire! ACTING! yeaahh,That's the ticket!
so what's Ted going to say? Keep lying and deflecting.
perhaps Trump was taking to Russia to see if they had information about you're dad killing JFK
he is such a slime ball
#TexasIndependenceDay friends!
Be careful @SenTedCruz they will lie while trying to trap your words to create accusations.
with all of the discussion about Trump ties to Russia, why does NO ONE mention that 2 of his wives came from Russia
Reminds e of why I can't stomach watching MourningJoe. {not a typo].
. I'm going to have to change the channel when Ted Cruz comes on.  Can't stand the sight of him. Yuck!!
