Don't bother propping up lindsey. We all know he and Mccain were parading around DC trying to destroy Trump. Backfired eh?
Did it? McCain is still in office.
Yeah it did... That's why they look like whipped puppies. They probably had an interesting conversation.
I'm watching McCain right now on TV and he's still a powerful congressman.
He is a weak #globalist shill for #Soros that deserves to be charged with sedition along with Lindsey.
Says who? That's a pretty stupid comment.
I know it's hard to understand when you think the world's about Reps vs Dems. It is spot on and verifiable
Trump IS a Democrat.
DISHONEST Media! Gonna BEAT this HORSE right into the GROUND!
You realize that Fox is just as dishonest, right?
Perhaps you should read some of my past Tweets @NealBTomlinson 
No need. All I expect form anyone in intellectual honesty.
And the GOP doesn't have an ax to grind? There's a lot of that going around and the country is suffering.
Well if Trump would have immediately denounced David Duke's endorsement.....
@AmericanHawkTPJ oh my sweet Ted
do you see now why I'm such a huge Cruz supporter
Glad @tedcruz flipped this side of the coin of this issue & that it was convenient for his career. Thanks  Ted 4 your support.
I wish the GOP would quit their baby whining!!!
bye biotch...I can't stand you RWNJs
cmon guys let's all b friends , both sides do a ton of whining let's b honest
who would listen two these two Trumpettes?
unreal where the news media controls the left
That's the way of news media today. 99% propaganda.
FAKE NEWS
You can't blame EVERYTHING on the media.  You are obviously following Trump's play book. Waaaaaaaa.   Whine!!
please look at #CNN it reported that about Sessions however one civil rights episode out his career of practicing lawWow
All news media is 99% lopsided biased propaganda.
They chop both arms off in their lunatic efforts.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz Maybe its a good idea for the 99% to start protesting media outlets unless they stop with the fake news
cause they are trying to save face after getting it soooooo wrong
they are building the hate.
Actually, he didn't do that. What he did do is help stiffle voters rights.
z
cry babies
I will NVR trust Graham
,God Bless U Senator Cruz,4 STANDING UP FOR THE TRUTH !!!!
Did Graham, the eunuch, find his balls?
Bravo Senator Cruz
If Cruz ran a better campaign, we wouldn't be lodged in a 4-year long episode of The Twilight Zone. Maybe just as well.
where was this argument for the last 8 years?  While fox spewed BS and lied to people? Provable flat out lies and you....
so what cry baby who read damn Dr Seuss on Capitol Hill. Which was a total lack of respect for this nation.
the people have an axe to grind with the media and really most of the politicians as well.
Senator Session's hearing was GREAT...YES to re-establish the rule of law and rein in Democrats.
http://bit.ly/2je9k4T 
Typical trump brainwashed
most of the media is now irrelevant

lawless imperator
yes, how dare the media cover you without anything but fawning praise.
- We know which media outlets are biased and non-objective left-wingers. Do they really think we are so stupid??
Why can't it be personal? Trump attacked the Media with some pretty outlandish insults, false accusations. Paybacks a B
if it won't play for you (like it wouldn't for me ): 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HilkXGkU67I …
The loony liberals keep proving they are losers and they will continue losing.
I think you would make an excellent choice for Supreme Court Justice of the US.  Praying for you.
Do ya think?
I agree with you Sen. Cruz.
@realDonaldTrump @SenBobCorker time to hold liberal media accountable @linda_lewis #maga
.@FoxNews @tedcruz sleazy Ted blowin smoke trying to be relevant! History has its facts and Sessions has to man up to his..
cruz we can trust you like we do putan
communist News Network
Democrats didn't give Robert Byrd a hard time.
YES! YOUR MEDIA!! WHAT? FOX IS NOT MEDIA-NOW-DUMB I GUESS THERE COULD BE A CASE FOR THAT!! FOX INVENTED FAKE NEWS!
Strange bedfellows.
So now in America, protesting is a crime? God bless America.
@realDonaldTrump @fantomPT unfortunately,  double standard exist and biased media has destroyed many lives!
just proves those networks are not honest, still spewing garbage
Ted what do you do with obama attacking cuban refugee???

I don t hear you>>Are you afraid of Castro now???
Why???
benefit of different political parties working together is to make laws and policies that represent everyone good job
Our MSM is disgraceful They only want to hurt Trump & the ppl are sick & tired of them.
Donald Trump paid Russian hookers to is on him! Pussy grabbing pissy bathing Trump! #goldenshowers  #TrumpPressConference
