#singlepayer solves that
So does choice. One cost me for my care. The other cost me for everybody's care. I chose choice.
Collective bargaining which would occur under #singlepayer benefits all, lowering costs while providing for all
Ppl don't want to live in subsidize housing, or on welfare checks. Why would they want Govt control healthcare?
false equivalency
How so? Please explain.
subsidized housing and welfare checks and govmnt healthcare (whatever that is) are not equivalent.
Yes they are. I'm a retired physician and I can tell you thery're exactly the same. #Govtsubsidize
Wow! I knew it was bad. I had no idea it was this bad.
Where is your replacement plan after 7 years of work?
what was the plan b4 Ocare? Nothing is free. Ppl are going broke becuz of govt Healthcare. REPEAL only.
that's a lot of incompetent leadership! perhaps they should re-consider their votes for their county & state leaders.
How about the govt get OUT of the insurance biz & leave us to buy our own? REPEAL NOT REPLACE!
you don't like ACA, but more people are effectively covered.  You only offer choice that few can afford.
We have 1 choice in Arizona-@SenSanders doesn't seem to care about those they kicked off their self funded insurance
666 retweets Go2hell looser !!
great example of where to IMPROVE not revoke
My County in NV is horrible by having only 1
We pay 800 mnth 6000 deductible I have many health issues and have to go 4 hrs 4 dr
Dude, why are you on snapchat? 
Can you help me to understand how congress let this happen?  We trust you to make laws work and not fail. I hold you responsible
States under Republican rule?
I thought you were a good choice in your last election.  Given your willingness to lie for personal gain you've changed my mind.
Not just on the exchange, but for independently insured policies. Liberal flagship Austin, TX only has Bluecross HMO & Ambetter.
-Paying more, getting way less, and nothing you can do about it.
Oh yeah, we elected Donald Trump!  Oooorah!
It would be interesting to overlay this map with a map showing states that did/did not adopt Medicaid expansion. @mattdpearce
#AnswerThePhone
Cool looking map. But it lacks lots of data. How many total insurers are even in these counties? 1? 2? 5? Data give us data.
wow that map seems to correlate with cardiac deaths
More of your alternative facts
ok sexy, roll your plan now. We'll see.
why not help fix what is wrong with the ACA instead of throwing people of.
What's worse is being a disabled veteran with no choices.
my buddy live in another which had 4 carriers 22 plans.  You've made up facts
this map is bullshit I live in 1 of the counties that it says has no choice and we had 5 carriers 34 plans on exchange
instead of complaining about healthcare, try fixing it. Thank goodness people have access to some care. U r careless & reckless – at beloit Ohio
It needs to be REPEALED @SenTedCruz Lock, stock & Barrell! The GOP are trying to save 20,000 pages of regulations and taxes
now let's see the map of counties with lack of choice in insurance BEFORE the #ACA
I watched the debate between you and Sanders! I know now why Trump called you Lying Ted! Stop that!
when almost everyone in America believes the government is corrupt,WHY ON EARTH would you want 2 give them power over ur health?
Looks like map shows a lot in the south and poorer people who need ACA!
u can thank ur self and ur party! U choose to support the rich people paying u feel Healthcare not to pass and not the citizens.
You lie as much as the big Trumper!
@stabenow  The UP of Michigan can thank Debbie @SenStabenow for this!  Hope they remember when she is up for re election!
that's becuase of how those states implemented aca. The right killed it.  You fucked America
Lying Ted telling everybody on ACA to bend over and take it up the ass. Of course, HIS family won't be without health care.
@RepGosar Because you and your ilk did away with risk corridors in an effort to cripple the bill. Quit lying.
@RepGosar Please look at what THE ACA does FOR citizens & work from there. Improve it & be heroes. Health isn't political.
.@SenTedCruz, so you're proud that you're raising rates of premiums. Reps are to blame for increases in premiums.
@RepGosar that's a function and decision by the insurance industry, not the ACA.
#DentonCounty #onechoice
choice and decision. Like a women's reproductive rights. That's catchy. I think you're on to something. #womensrights
Sen Cruz Hope you do well tonight. Pls consider Medicaid expansion model & increase reimbursibles to providers. It works in CO
stop debating and end it.
Why do red states have such problems that bluer states are somehow able to avoid?
Wow Ted look at how the two maps compare!! 
For anyone interested... https://www.advisory.com/daily-briefing/resources/primers/medicaidmap …
oh, how CAN this be? The perfection that WAS the "supposed" legacy of the most abysmally deficient president of all times.
how can you work with Trump after how he insulted you.
Don't you dare repeal without a replacement.
if the GOP hadn't forced an opt out for Medicaid expansion this wouldn't be so #votecruzout2018
And we Republicans COULD have been responsible the last 6yrs in working with it, improving it, instead of simply wining.
I'm laughing so hard watching the old socialist waving his hands and arms like some kind of Svengali castng a spell.
- 100% of Americans see cowardice in the Republican's  failure to act
So go with them.Some of us in this country don't want socialized medicine. We liked our medical care the way it was.1
Why did this have to be on a commercial network instead of C-SPAN?
Which is why you're bringing on your Canadian #singlepayer system to replace it?
These are Republican held areas, why do you think that is?
most died before they could get care.
Do you actually believe that BS...that US for-profit ins better than Canada? LOL http://blogs.chicagotribune.com/news_columnists_ezorn/2009/08/never-mind-the-anecdotes-do-canadians-like-their-health-care-system.html …
those state know they cannot pay more of healthcare each year while Obamacare pays less. Goes to over 90%
Not in CA! We have a lot of options! Ya'll need to model after us!
exactly, AL has Blue Cross Blue Shield ONLY #choices
stop health insurance being tied to employers!!! Make it a real free market.
100% of US Counties hate Obamacare.
No, just the stupid ones.
you thrive on destroying the country so why care what you think #obstructionist
We don't really care. We love the ACA!
@ReaganBattalion 
Define " choice"? GOP uses the word but never defines the choices. Luntzian tested no doubt.
90% of the United States can't afford the 400% to 1000% markup on pharmecuticles or the insurance that has to pay for 90% of it
Notice most of those states have not accepted the Medicare and Medicaid expansion
Thank you for puttin this fact on front street! Medicaid expansion spares many from high cost of Obamacare.
Health Care is a joke
Please tell people that #Obamacare  and #ACA are the same thing! Lots of them don't know that!
I Only have One Choice for a Doctor, and it's not the Doctor I've had for years, What kind of Healthcare is this? #FullRepeal
GOP fault for opposing the public option. Now GOP fascists want to oink and grunt about the result of their own machinations.
.@SenTedCruz Perhaps if you held meetings within your state instead of just in Washington you would hear how your voters really feel
depends on your subsidies are and deductions are.  Taxpayer monies run out
We need to eliminate state barriers which will help insurers as well.
Aetna lied about the cost so they could pursue Humana. Did you forget about that?
Senator, You are doing a great JOB on the debate.. Also you are so correct every country in Europe has a long waiting list!!!
how many people live in those counties? and how many of those counties are republican-controlled?
his map is false.
Also, this chart is a flat out lie, the numbers you point on the counties is again not true, b/c ACA is state by state basis!!!
because I saved all mylife I am now punished and insignificant and broke
If you fought this hard over for vets maybe 64000+ vets would be alive. @JoeTalkShow will back you for interview though.
maybe you can ask your buddy @marcorubio why. Poison pill into the risk corridor ring a bell. A strategic move to ensure failure
you are killing it!! Cruz '20?
@CNN @SenTedCruz All I hear from you is what ACA replacement won't be, but tell me what it will be!  Be specific!
Tell the freaking TRUTH Ted!!! Those states also voted not to have a health exchange, crippling their own ppl!!!!
who's fault is this? Why don't you put any blame on the corporations? Oh right, they've paid millions into your campaigns
Can't wait to vote against you in 2018.
Yeah, but only if we have a real alternative. I hope the lesson was learned in Nov that neoliberal Corp Dems are DONE
the constitutional person of truth and knowledge! Faith n truth libisis do not believe or live! Libs want to control us!
Canadian healthcare is amazing and US citizens are victims b/c stupid politics
Canadian healthcare is shitty and socialism is not gonna help US. Never did
having lived in both countries, I disagree
Currently living in Canada. Healthcare is shitty and expensive.
not sure where you live but it's not expensive
So repealing the ACA will help?
Thank you, Senator Cruz.
having sought healthcare in both Canada and US, I have personally seen no difference instead of cost. US is expensive.
because red states refused to fully participate. You contributed to this problem.
we don't have Governors in Canada fam
.@SenTedCruz Perhaps if you would hold meetings within your state instead of just on Washington you would hear how your voters really feel
Ted magically tweets while he smashes the bern! With no phone in his hand at that!!
I didn't see you sneak a tweet behind the podium
looks like the presidential election map
