Those who don't go along with the GOP on health care need to be "repealed and replaced", when election time comes around.
Maybe because the bill sucked?
Mr. Cruz sir please support POTUS. The left is having a field day
Because you realize the cruelness and inhumanity of 32 million people losing health insurance and you decide to put people over party.
He's absolutely right.  He's the only voice of reason and continuity @GOP needs to step up and do what they were elected to do.
REPUBS-Your base is middle class working people & small Businesses! BREAK UP THIS OBAMACARE TAX/MEDICAID/HUGE INS PROFITS MONSTER!  ANGRY!!
Everyone in DC is getting rich off of OBAMACARE while small businesses & working middle class "foots the bill"!How is that Fair?
If anything, Trump's campaign should make Congress realize people are listening more carefully to their rhetoric, truthful or lying.
It is even worse than that, too, they voted 54 times to repeal:
It's shame amend const so state gov are once again rep in fed gov American people being ruled over by elite politicians and lobbyists stop!
This has to pass. My premiums are $1000 a month...almost as much as my mortgage. ACA is truly hurting my family.
I bet your co-pay is high, also !
well apparently you have no fam w/ pre existing issues or you would twice
What did you do Pre-Obama care? People act like there were No Options b4. Well there was and is.
Cruz fighting harder for the Care Bill the Trump
Yes we wonder that too
Ted is the man!!!!
Because they realize they don't want to kill millions of Americans? How quaint. #AmericansFirst
3% GDP will be impossible to achieve to make Bill work ,Smoke & Mirrors ,Ted get the knee pads 
Repeal ACA. Not many using it & it's too expensive. Work on viable portable options with many individual choice in very competitive system.
It goes to show most Senators and Representatives are hypocrites
Ted, good hair cut
Billionaire Murdoch family, Fox News owners, don't care if Obamacare repeal deprives 22 million of health coverage.
Nobody seemed to care when Obamacare screwed millions of Americans out of affordable insurance with decent coverage. Still don't apparently.
Ted; You say it like no other. They can/will be replaced easier than they were elected, and will be - IF they don't get onboard the Train.
Evidently the Republicans lie as well as democrats.
Well, if anyone can do it Congress can!!!
personally I'm glad for those that have clear heads if reality doesn't = campaign #MSActivist #Affordablehealthcare
Apparently, Sen Cruz has not been around politics very long. Folks place greater trust in used car salespersons.
Because the @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenCapito are liars. They will be replaced
Because the alternative is a dumpster fire full of used needles pushed by rabies-infected psychopaths?
Because some of them actually read the bill.
Maybe just maybe it wasn't a good bill. Repeal the whole bill. No gov in our healthcare. Go back to the way it was. Fix tort laws.
exactly, they screamed repeal until they saw how much they could steel, then it was repeal & replace, now it's tweek, we've had it!!!!!
Weeeell... Apparently @SenTedCruz  has decided that HE'D like to keep his job come November!! 
@SenateGOP ...PAY ATTENTION!!
More Cruz, who wants to work with others; less Paul, who wants it his way or nothing.
it's easy...they are self serving liars
Cruz: it's a bad bill. That's how. Not acceptable to CBO, AARP, AMA, vast majority of Americans. Come up with GOOD bill for everyone.
Good haircut @SenTedCruz
@RandPaul @limbaugh @marklevinshow It's the "replace" w/ another govt run program you're not mentioning.Ins should be free market product!
He is right!  What the republicans really stand for? This is what has me questioning if we have a 2 party system-I don't think we do anymore
if they continue to obstruct.... they will eventually be up for election....
Reps would rather lose politely than play dirty to win like the Dems do.
THEY WANT TO KEEP THEIR JOB! IF YOU REPEAL WE WILL REPLACE...YOU!!!
Simple, it was deception by the GOP. They've been deceiving for decades now, claiming they're party of low taxes and small govt. Not true

I'm against war... It doesn't mean we destroy our planes, remove our soldiers, and meltdown our guns. Change if you want, don't eliminate it
Easy,they speak from their pocket book , they want re-election. There is nothing complicated other than what politicians make complicated !
They just need to repeal and not replace! Free markets and insurance companies can discriminate on age sex or preexisting conditions!
will never have enough votes to repeal obamacare. insurance co paid big bucks to dems and repubs to insure they would not vote for repeal
Your plan isn't good. Not hard to understand.
Because they are lying coward politicians.
GOP is busy still sucking up to democrats and their ideology which takes Americans' rights from them and allows government intrusion.
Shut up already. Can we vote early to vote Beto into office? Texas deserves better than Cruz.
the issue is not repealing it. The issue is why did folks campaign on throwing folks off insurance. Ole yea.. because they hate Obama.
Want to save money in #Tennessee on your Home/Auto? Call on J.M. Hatcher Independent Insurance Broker. 20 Home/Auto Carriers, not just one.
How much money has the Koch brothers ,whom own medical supply businesses given you ,for defeat of the ACA ?
if that repealed ocare...but it didnt..it was obamacare 2.0...not a GOP attempt...but @SenateMajLdr mcconnells baby
Thought was supposed to be repeal "&" replace? You should try and better track your inconsistencies.
Vote em out. ALL of em.
Campaigned to repeal and replace with something better.  That hasn't happened
Most voters did not vote to repeal the ACA as seen by the horrendous ratings the GOP'S plans have received.
The Washington cartel is owned by lobbyists. They lied to get elected. They had no intention of repealing Obamacare.
Right. If they wanted it repealed they would've easily done so already.
It's the old bait-and-switch. They've been doing it to us for years.
It's called not paying attention to the people that got them elected. It also negates voting! Where does that leave us sir?
REPEAL IT to eliminate any and all attachments to it that will impede a properly functioning replacement. REPEAL THE DAMN THING.
I am scared to loose my insurance I am a type 1 diabetic
great questions for @senrobportman  and @SenCapito
I want to thank you Sir for all the hard work you do for our party. You have been simply wonderful and I respect you greatly.
All are fools: Republicans sleek with forked tongue  as always
Because #NeverTrump will do whatever they have to to stop Trump.  Lose seats, block bills, obfuscate.
Republicans have no balls.  They have let the democrats run ran over them for the last severals years. Learn from the Dems - Stick Together
Easy. You just lie about it. Frauds in GOP will be replaced.
Well .. again .. a lot of traitors .....
