I think POTUS owes Ted an apology for the campaign rhetoric, and a heart felt thanks for his work during hurricane Harvey

if you are not selling healthcare or tax reform they send you chase wind. they don't know what to do with you.
Senators Cruz has been an outstanding example of a public servant and representative of his constituents. He has gotten his hands dirty!
You too are a #kochsucker and seem to be dealing with #GOPKochAddiction
Ugh, no thanks.
Hey remember when Paul Ryan was a lock for a future #POTUS? #LOL
Mr BS himself!!!
Our collective intelligence level dropped because of this visit here @IronStache
And the skies over Houston agree!  It's storming in Houston!
I know storming here too!
(202) 224-3121
RESIST to 50409 stop THE GOP GUT PUNCHFIGHT BACK.TELL VOTE NOon USE ALL SOURCES THEIR SOCIAL MEDIA 2 MAKE THEM HEAR US
Empty words from soulless men who would rather undo Obama's legacy than ensure all Americans have affordable healthcare.

@SpeakerRyan belongs in jail!  #DrainTheSwamp
Why do you keep tweeting. Nobody want to read your tweets. 2.8 mill followers and only 200 likes. It's bad so bad 
Please let them all know your killing them as you take away their healthcare!
U mean the senators who voted against aid for Super Storm Sandy victims?
Cruz & Ryan, dumb & dumber
Ted Cruz voted against money for hurricane Sandy victims. How Could you stand with him? Oh that's right party over country.
Bought & paid for by insurance companies & special interests. Three men with no clue who their constituents are & who care even less.
Mr. Ryan U are done in my book...photo ops mean nothing. You are a disgrace to the GOP, POTUS and to us voters. Undermining POTUS is wrong.
The healthcare traitors together!!
So a sex addict and a lier talking about what ?
He didn't do it.  His aide accidentally it the site briefly.  Don't make a mountain outta a molehill
@Lawrence @SenJohnMcCain  You Amazed How Easy KGB Putin's Money Assimilated @POTUS @SenateGOP @HouseGOP & Criminalized the USA's Democracy?
Anyone can love U when the sun is shining, it's in the "Storm" U know who ur friends are...
Are you going to tell them you and @SenTedCruz will be voting to take away health care from them?  Go ahead and kick 'em while they're down.
Just watch Cruz keep him off the .orn sites .
Ryan there is nothing worse than a useless politician, it's so unfair to the taxpayer.
O Gee there's Cheesehead who Kicks the Can Down The Road ! What a Worthless Speaker of the House who gets Nothing Done ! Joe C, Texas
We knew @SpeakerRyan was out of his depth when Uncle Joe exposed him as a tool

Translation:

I want to look good before I take healthcare away from millions and millions of Americans.
I'm REALLY worried about seniors who will no longer be able to afford healthcare after #GrahamCassidyBill is passed.
WE really, really, want Paul RINO to RESIGN!! He is an enemy (of the conservative taxpayers)who pastes that pathetic "smile" on his face!
Looks to me like a campaign trip.
Under the guise of #hurricanharvey?  If he is speaking tonight at a Republican fundraiser, he needs to be watched @FBI
Cannot tolerate listening to RINO Ryan & his phoney lies.  Do Americans a favour RINO RESIGN. RESIGN RINO TRAITOR RYAN.
No wonder its storming here!  Go home!  Please!
Hey Paul, where is the GOP outrage over wiretapping of Manafort and subsequent lying by Clapper???  Come on....man up here!
Stop pretending you don't see the elephant in the room. We know you do. Trump is a Russian asset. #ImpeachTrump
WHY, Speaker, it's just a PHOTO Opt boondoggle waste of time when there's so much to get DONE in Washington. SAD Leadership example again.
You guys watching some porn there?  http://nydn.us/2y0bAAD 
Nobody would ever know it was incest porn unless the volume was up. Nobody uses the volume. Especially married guys.
Sounds like someone has higher office aspirations
Give briefing and help to Caribbean Islands
Liars aren't very appealing to watch or listen to!
Ryan: "I've been practicing BLAH BLAH BLAH & other BS to sound like an empty barrel, loud & hollow. Cruz, you know, is a piece of...&Corn.."
Rather watch Mexico School Rescue.
#GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
@paulnehlen for congress. Vote the turn coat out! Bye Bye Paul Ryan

Looks like Ryan is running around the country selling snake oil to Americans.  Globalist money is backing this oil salesman. "Buyer Beware"
2 of the worst humans pretend to care about citizens of TX right before they take Medicaid from the sick & elderly. Good job shitstains.
Visiting Houston won't help if u don't provide funding. Are u going 2 turn ur back on us as u did 2 NY & NJ when u voted no on Sandy relief?
Noble. Then, afterwards, how about briefing us on Kate's Law, Sanctuary Cities, Daca, Border Security, and the list goes on. Tnx 4..not much
Will it be regarding porn
. Sorry not sorry, listening to an intelligent senator who gives a crap about  the American people speak right now (at Westminster college).
Anywhere but Wisconsin policy still in effect I see
No FEMA money to tax exempt church's!! They don't pay taxes they shouldn't receive tax dollars
Fund FEMA
Counting down the days to your primary!
I live here and experienced it. Don't need to watch another bloated political photo op.
Chkout the work being done by South St Bapt Church in Channelview. Small church managing a donation center out of their gym #Harvey2017
https://twitter.com/jwilson_detroit/status/910339902944022531 …
How about you announce that you are resigning from the Senate.
Ur a joke
Better things to do. Taking out garbage. You should do the same. Dump Trump!!!
Sir I applaud you,speaker of the house the healthcare issue is just as relevant and needs your support as well, can we make it work for all?
How many people in Houston will loose there healthcare because of you at the worst time in there lives
It is time to talk climate change! Harvey, Irma and Maria have proven that. Plus multiple earthquakes too!
No thanks I don't like listening to serial liars.
I'd rather keep my breakfast down thanks.
Quit trying to distract us from the fact your party is trying to make healthcare even less affordable for Americans
who cares what you say anymore. It is always lies.
Translation: I look so sexy in this pic, Trump and Pence says so too... actually Trump said really really sexy, any excuse to tweet it.



You should be ashamed of yourself Paul !
