Thank you! She took an oath! Then she was in subordinate!
She took an oath to uphold the Constitution, not the will of an imbecile.
Her boss is the President and she was refusing to do her job
no he's not her boss. Nice try
Yes he is! Try to keep up. That is why he could fire her
You Trump supporters really need to go back and retake your 6th grade Civics lessons ! 
it's amazing how dumb they are. Green card holders work and pay taxes! Duh!
that is all you leftists do is call people stupid when you won't answer the question!
It's fitting that you would shill for a poisonous POTUS firing an AG for doing her job: standing up for the Constitution.
blah blah blah.   You did hear the part about the doj already approving it, right?
You need education. She was fired because she took an oath to up hold the constitution and refused to do her job!
"Uphold" is one word, Miss Education.
lol you so smart. Come over to the Trump side and we will teach you something
No thanks, I like sleeping at night and having a conscience. Good luck to you!
No, Yates knew her time was short. She determined terms of her exit.
LOL
Tommy, what are you drinking. She is pure gold in Democrat circles
She didn’t violate her oath. There is no fidelity to any mortal in that oath. Only God and Country.
You can lick fascist boots all you like. Everyone still hates you.
Whatever shred of dignity you lost after the Republican Convention.  If what POTUS is doing is wrong, that is what AG is for.
I didn't really expect anything less from the corrupt administration total failure to the US
Oh darn - you must have missed Sen Sessions confirmation hearing of Yates asking her to say no to a President.
You've already proven that when it comes to Trumpsputin you lack courage & standards, so.....
didn't Trump call you "lying ted" ?
... I would've thought it a badge of honour ...
Your freaking kidding right? It duty is to uphold the law. Not pass illegal EO'S. Your just as crazy as Trump.
Maybe I'm wrong, but I was taught that the AG upholds the constitution. Not the wills of the president.
you are correct. The USA Constitution & Laws. Supposed to do the same ; @SenTedCruz  not above the Constitution or laws.
did you delete you tweet about  @SenTedCruz  as my reply is no longer connected to it? Thanks.
Nope it is still up. https://twitter.com/Megz_MN/status/826277837929852929 … I muted notifications on that so wasn't even sure which tweet from that night...
love our president
the sad and fitting thing is, you're a loyalty to a man who insulted your wife.   No balls
unbelievable!
She has principles. Oh, sorry you don't know what those are.
I am a former supporter of yours, Mr. Cruz. I am terribly disappointed at how little you represent me any longer.
She was doing her job. Defending the Constitution. Something you know nothing about. History will judge you harshly.
He does not take calls for the peoples that hired him!
@ABC7Jory you're a senator and your avi on twitter is your Snapchat profile barcode.  Sit down bro.
LOL!
you are rediculous! The Pres travel ban has already been stayed, in part, by several judges. The acting AG was working for US
You have an opportunity to stand up and do what is right.  You did it at the convention. You're smarter than this.  Do something
your a stooge
fired for upholding the oath she took to protect our constitution
Still counting down the days to vote against @sentedcruz again. Also all his office numbers are always busy.
It is fitting--and sad--that the very last act of the Obama DOJ is for the acting AG to defy the newly elected POTUS http://bit.ly/2klqspB  
have fun voting for the loser running against him.
these people are predators
they get off on attacking a helpless victim
How sad is it that the president is defying court orders putting his Muslim ban on hold?
It is fitting--and sad--that you cower b4 the prez rather than stand w/ the ppl. How dare you call yourself a Constitutionalist.
https://twitter.com/CorkGaines/status/820336699754631172?s=09 …
Ted, I supported you financially and GOTV. You let Trump insult Heidi and your father. You are passed your expire date
Ted recognizes a reality that we who once, or still loyally support him, need to accept. Time to move past our anger.
I’m not angry. Integrity is important to me.
Integrity should be tempered with ability to evolve & ADAPT. No amount of integrity can change the truth that now is.
No, integrity is fundamental and uncompromising.
.@SenTedCruz I can't wait to vote against you in 2018.
Who is running against Ted Cruz?
and she was replaced with another obama appointee. You damn well know the DOJ doesn't serve at the pleasure of the president.
I've seen the pics I live seen the predatory behavior
The attorney general's duty is to the Constitution, not the President. Check Session's confirmation question.
.@SenTedCruz Right? How fucked up is it for somebody to have convictions or morals or whatever? Much better to follow your lead!
It's almost like she was doing her job to uphold the Constitution or something. We can't have that!
Hell yeah bro! Constitution? More like Con-SHIT-tution, am I right? #MakeTedCruzGreatAgain
Yep. It's not like @SenTedCruz calls himself an expert on Constitutional law and knows damn well Yates did no wrong. NO WAY.
he's such a flaming hypocrite. #NoConvictions #NoMorals #NoDignity #NoBackbone #JustCallMeSuckUp
I cannot wait to pay taxes to fund your prison cell
<--- This guy and @marcorubio what disgrace they bring to their office.
life without parole for @Reince @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr McConnell
