After this decision, teachers risk being punished for any public display of faith, from wearing a yarmulke to praying silently before lunch.
TBF, before this decision Christians risked being punished for any public display of faith BY GOD HIMSELF. Matthew 6:5
Matthew 6:5 "[W]hen u pray, do not b like hypocrites, 4 they love 2 pray standing in synagogues and on street corners 2 b seen by others."
You are a hypocrite, false prophet and fake Christian @SenTedCruz.
God is angry with this nation because we bann him. The Harvey storm is only the beginning of his retribution. His anger is not spent.
Honest question for anyone who agrees with 9th Circuit decision  .... Who or what was harmed by his personal moment of prayer?
Harm is not the issue. As a public school coach, he is a rep of the government. And he was on the clock when he prayed. This is not allowed.
So are the legislature of the UNITED STATES of AMERICA they even have a bible as apart of their assigned desk.
Not sure what your point is. Are you saying two wrongs make a right?
Absolutely not but your socialist views and your ideology are the same methods used to turn Russia and now Europe into socialist failures.
My "socialist views" are also those of SCOTUS based on our constitution. (P.S. I can't verify your "Bibles in legislature desk" claim.)
Not nec_arily, yes the sep_tion of chrch/st only states there will be no state religion. Therefore the US Senate and house of reps open w/
The 1st Amend. entails many things in addition to "no state religion". I think it's unfortunate that Congress opens with prayer but much...
WTF ?

Wheres the problem with this?
Its okay for New York City Streets come to a halt?

They are UNFIT to decide !
I will be glad when "judicious" judges start reading U.S.Constitution instead of misinterpreting it. Freedom OF religion, not freedom FROM.
I have as much right not to believe in religion as you have a right to religion. I will not live in a theocracy.
That is true; however, you probably live by the very words you ignore in the bible. It give the answer to every question about living well.
I dont live by the bible, i left the church and Ive been much happier. I don't need a ancient book telling me what to do to have good morals
If you want to play High School Football in US, you first have to convert to Evangelical Christianity, NO JEWS, NO CATHOLICS, NO AGNOSTICS
I remember praying in public school at the start of each day & at lunch. No one thought anything of it because we did the same thing at home
Societies progress, and it's important to respect the right of those who are non-religious and don't want religion thrust upon them.
Who was thrusting their religion on anyone. The coach took a knee. Whatever happened to religious freedom?
He was using a public forum, speaking directly to students to promote religion. That's not okay. It's also freedom FROM religion.
Read the story nimrod. He took a knee on the 50 yd & didn't speak. I pray before meals even eating out. R u saying I can't do that?
He would also frequently include religious ideas in his motivational speeches to the players. In that context, his prayers are unacceptable
Coach Kennedy was accused of showing favoritism to Evangelical kids who shared his faith at the Expense of Jewish, Catholics, Agnostic and Atheist Teens. Bremerton Evangelical Coach Kennedy, should have been fired. Teach Football, not religion or politics
See Daniel chapter 6 
Take it to SCOTUS
#ReligiousLiberty is under constant attack since BHO Administration. Praying @realDonaldTrump will appoint another conservative to SCOTUS.
He could talk about Gay marriage to kids, promote Gender confusion and he would get an award, but pray to our Lord and Savior and he's fired
America! What a country. Am surprised at what it's becoming. 

They forget what is written on their bill: "In God we Trust"

How about that.
They started writing that in the 50s. It's not related to the founding of our nation. It's related to christians afraid of secularism.
Coach Kennedy was also accused of showing preference for boys sharing his Evangelical Christian Faith, discriminating against Jews/Catholics
Agreed. How is that not curbing freedom of speech
Sound reasoning, there, Ted - maybe explain your position.
Yes...disband the heathens...

Sick sick sick
Such a terrible mischaracterization of trhe facts, Senator. 
You need to listen to my show:
http://habhumor.libsyn.com 
9th judge sh_ld be impeached 4 delivering decisions on liberal posture rather Constitutional opinion. If players chose 2 rally w/coach fr_e2
Typical 9th circuit, ruling with their feelings again instead of ruling according to the law. Idiots.
They are a bunch of idiots!!
@SenTedCruz As a constitutional lawyer, you should know better. Case law clear: public school employee cannot lead prayers at school event.
What if he were bowing toward Mecca? Would that be alright?
Sure it would.
We have freedom of religion not freedom from religion
Smh, 9th circuit. They get overturned more than a hooker with an ugly face
The 9th Circuit is ruling against our freedom of religion. Public display is not a crime. We need to clean house on the 9th.
But Muslims are allowed prayer rooms in schools.
That right is reserved for Muslims.  It's also permitted in schools.  Our government @ work.  Loyal to the money w/the exception of a few
Sen. Cruz the 9th circuit needs to go!
Mr Cruz, The state of D.C. must improve. Dems, MSM & RINOs  are not representing the voters! ANTIFA is a domestic terror gang! Do something!

I fled despotism in Cuba. Now I’m fighting it in America.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/sf/opinions/2017/08/25/i-fled-despotism-in-cuba-now-im-fighting-it-in-america/?hpid=hp_no-name_opinion-card-e%3Ahomepage%2Fstory&utm_term=.92248ca34122 …
Astounding that Americans can now be punished for praying, THATS part of the problem in this country! In God We Trust!
I bet if he praised Satan the court would have ruled in his favor.
Or accepted him if he declared Islamic cult.  Libs hate God and despise Christianity because it's the only truth & they want to destroy it.
100% correct & we believers r fixing 2 go thru unprecedented persecution n our America just as Jesus said n Matt 24! His return is VERY soon
Trump needs 2 get rid of the liberal judges Obama put N place across America. They are N place 2 destroy conservative patriots & defy Trump.
Americans are afraid of losing their jobs for speaking their minds, by pressure from a tiny group of Socialists.
Courts are out of control when religious freedom doesn't exists. Amazing Congress allows seizure of power without their checks & balances
Does he not have rights in this country?
9th Circuit is disgusting! Probably feel more at home in Cuba...
Disband 9th Circuit Court. Any judge legislates their politics from the bench instead of the law-not worthy of their job. Period. @POTUS
Good for the coach! For sticking to his faith and principlesGod Bless him.
This is so sad that a person can not pray anywhere. Why would it offend any person for a man to pray.
I agree. You were elected with 338,000 votes. If you don't get rid  of Trump you will say good bye to D.C.
It's practically a Nazi salute.
Prayers for Coach Kennedy!
The court of fools!
Every Federal Judge in this country should be FIRED
Disband the 9th Circuit. Get rid of Bolsheviks in robes.
Nope, wrong again Teddy
Fail to see how a coach doing this affects anyone else. Where is the harm, he does it himself and doesn't require or expect others to join.
Disgusting example of our judicial system. They are destroying the fabric of our society.
Please put remedy to these anti Americans, they have to be under Soros payroll somehow as bad as Obama
Take it to the Supreme Court! It will be overturned! #1stAmendment #religiousfreedom
Thank you very much.  @kennedyja @1stLiberty @AJFerate and I stand undaunted.
This is unconscionable.
Do the Muslim women in their school system have to take off their hijabs?
Don't worry about it. All will b corrected after the Civil War. Sad but looks like it will happen.#MAGA
Abolish the 9th Circuit.
10 bucks says they'd go the other way tomorrow if another coach who was a minority or a #muslim did the same exact thing #9thCircus
You just don't get it do you?
Libs, judges, dems, leftists are just getting started. @GOP you were elected to stop them but you just sit and do nothing 
You've got to be kidding me??? So others can exercise their right to choose and now Christians can NOT even exceeds our right to choose? BS!
Exercise not exceed, my apologies I'm livid n my fingers move to fast sometimes
Sen. Cruz, the Senate must work to get President Trump's appointees through Congress, especially the court circuit appointees.!
Despicable.
Shameful and totally violates his constitutional rights and not surprised because were busy giving all our rights to muslims!
Muslims get to several times a day!
9th Circuit is a joke.  Our judiciary as a whole has become a joke! Lady Justice is weaping.
Time for all people who go to games to pray in his honor
9th Circus is anyone really surprised?I hope this is fought all the way.If we don't draw a line in the sand, we'll be backed into a corner.
Pathetic
Of course it's the 9th court. They should just be shut down. They're pathetic
Fire the Judge
Didn't the Browns just kneel and pray during the anthem? Why aren't they suspended?
Does that mean those women can't whare those rags around there Head's anymore??????
If you are truly concerned Senator, you & your colleagues could impeach them for their record of incompetence.Y'all not doing anything else.
I pray before every meal in public
Upon all thoughts at confidential decisions, they just want to begin activities against Christians. National Sunday Law. Very abusive. God..
@howardmclainjr @FoxNews Dear God, Please shakeup the 9th circuit. Amen
After you dissolve it you can make a new circuit with new judges.
I think this is the bridge too far, pls dissolve the 9th circuit, it is a thorn in our side.The Senate can do this.
Headed to the Supremes? Just asking ...
It's a shame they praise and defend 1 man kneeling in defiance but shame a shame for kneeling in prayerful Thanksgiving @SenTedCruz
Very gentle and responsible expression now becomes a weird one. How would they rule on brutality. Infringement to liberty
@robertjeffress @Franklin_Graham Surely, this decision will go to Supreme Court. Thinking Founding Fathers never invisioned this happening.
This is a violation of the coach's civil rights.
Shame on the 9th circuit! Freedom of religion and freedom of speech are swiftly being destroyed!
Take it up


SCOTUS needs to take this case.
I pray he appeals to the Supreme Court so this will be overturned.
This is a HUGE part of what is wrong in our Country. We can't continue to take God out of our lives, then pray when we need his protection!
Meh.  It's the 9th, again.  That will get overturned.
The 9th Circuit's days r numbered. There is no room n r conservative agenda 4 obstructionists & those who would refuse a God-given right 
Great coach with Great morals. Sad.  Christianity is being silenced when it is greatly needed!
I understand that Muslims have pressured and won their own space to pray in public schools! What is happening to our Country?
I remember when being a Christian is a good/noble thing, not something to lose your job over! Anti-Christ has entered our world=Jesus return
These things and others must come to pass (Lk 17:22-25, Mt 24:9-14) first.
But don't worry--Jesus promised to be with you to the very end (Mt 24:20).
Matthew 28:20 
So....he's not entitled to free exercise of religion when an employee?? Majority of EEOC cases on this say otherwise.
This is disgraceful! The courts should be ashamed of tjis decision.
Freedom of speech?  Or is that only for hate groups?
KEEP RELIGION OUT OF GOVERNMENT & PUBLIC INSTITUTIONS! Only way to insure freedom of religion for all & all time is to keep them separate!
It's time to get rid of these judges we need Godly men as Judges not heathens God please forgive our nation
Yet if it was a Muslim kneeling to pray there would be silence. This is not America anymore. Our freedoms are slowly going away.
This is getting completely out of hand!
We've had trouble with the 9th district court before! Need to replace the liberal judges with republicans .
Very shameful and disgusting!
Hey, god could stop this at any time (if he only existed).
Keep your religion out of our sports.
The 9th Circuit is a TRAVESTY of Justice. Should B disbanded/eliminated.BHO liberals & communists.Wonder that SCOTUS overturns 80+% rulings.
It's the 9th what did you expect
You wanna get out country back Ted bring the draft so all these snowflake bubble kids learn to be real men and women they might learn histor
9th circuit Court doesn't care about america or people just their own liberalcult agenda there has to be a way to fire them
@MikeDiaz285 @FoxNews If he had whipped out Muslim prayer rug no one would have dared criticize! Left hates America & Christians
Coach Kennedy keep praying because there is no law saying one cannot pray in public or private quietly in front of others.
I bet if it was a Muslims rights at stake they would have allowed it!!!
This is wrong! Please help Christians!
Abolish the 9th!
AMEN TO THAT!!!
For someone who claims to be a 'constitutionalist', you sure do forget about the establishment clause.
Have you thought that it's just disrespectful to those that do not hold Christian beliefs? Or do you just not give a shit
Maddening!
Don't you have anything more important to worry about #debtceiling #NorthKorea #Russia
Last I heard this was a free country, no Judge should be able to take away our freedom!! AMERICAN CONSTITUTION!!! #Pray
Would have followed you after this tweet but I ALREADY DO!!
But he could be a cross dresser and that's OK.
what its a crime to pray in public what fucking devil passed that law
Shameful!  We need to pray for Coach Kennedy!!
What if he was a Muslim coach with his prayer mat??  Same?

Stand up!!!!  Next our churches are going to offend
Another attack against christians. If he were Muslim and prostrating himself no far left media or politicians or school would mind
It's the 9th jerket court. What did you expect?  Liberals at their finest.
the Court probably just got it wrong & it will be clarified (overturned) at the SCOTUS level
@IG007 Supreme Court MUST rein in these ROGUE SO-CALLED JUDGES!!
The 9th circuit should be called the 9th circus! They are UnAmerican!
ABSOLUTELY!!
"9th Circuit Court"  enough said
Now it means Muslims can't worship public either.
I think the whole team and parents should pray before the game...it's not like they will throw them out of the game...or would they?
#JudgementIsComing
so he takes a knee and gets fired, but pro players take a knee and are applauded??
Oh the irony,,
When Ruthie is gone, we want you there
I've been on a plane and had to watch & listen 2 to a Muslim family do Islamic prayers!  We're "captured" and have to witness it.
Again the liberal 9th Circuit makes their own rules This too will be overturned!!
This is a complete attack on the 1st amendment!
The 9th Circuit Court offends me.  Tear it down
It time to set the precedent set by Founders and take this nonsense to @scotus once and for all @SenTedCruz
Shameful decision by the 9th Circuit to allow Bremerton to suspend Coach Kennedy for the crime of praying in public. http://fxn.ws/2vqXC9i 
Get rid of those heathens in the 9th court.....despicable scum!!!!!
Complete dog shit. Would they have had the same ruling if her were muslim?
Christians need to wake up and fight back, this is what the left is doing, they all need to go
Coming from the 9th circuit, I'm not surprised.
We all know the 9th circuit are compromised liberals. Backed by fact that the supreme court over ruled their verdict on the travel ban.
We need to get rid or replace the 9th district court. Can we?
Congress had the power, but not the will.
Lord we ask you to fight the battle as we lift you up and do now bend to evil in Jesus name amen
So will the court order Colin kapernick to not kneel?
Senators should work to punish and disband 9th circuit...protect your country!
Kap can kneel. But he can't kneel. Both silent. But one is now illegal...................
Our circuit courts are proving everyday that they do not follow laws but their agendas. Ashamed in our court system, they are a joke
Congress can transfer judicial review to state courts essentially knocking federal courts out of the game.
If coach get suspended for going to 1 knee, all players that do it should be suspended.
Congress can suspend the 9th circuit!  Pressure them to do so!
What is shameful about not using taxpayer funds to support "...an establishment of religion"? Are you ashamed of the constitution?
Yet it was not shameful we never saw or heard TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz give a Green Eggs & Ham Senate Floor speech for Veterans
We can thank Hugo Black, Supreme Court Justice, Catholic hater, and KKK life member, for this nonsense.
So praying is a punishable offense?
