What about the #antifa, #SJW, and #BLaMe that also caused trouble? Waiting for you condemnation of their continual crap. Expect better, Ted.
Perhaps you should wait until the facts (instead of the rhetoric) are known?
Total anf Unhesitating Agreement!
Because BLM hasn't killed anyone despite what yer lying brietbart whatever says YOU LIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Condemn the leftists that's started the violence.
It is OK for cops to kill Black men? Apparently  you think so. White people are part Cave man. Cave man !
James Fields is a Schizophrenic who may have been on medication. This was a sick person who had clear mental problems. Not a alt-right
NICE! when I am going to see you help Trump.  It's not enough to help with Harvey.  Start doing more or you won't get my vote!!!
Bot account @TwitterSupport
Why did you leave out the other terrorist groups...like BLM?
What about Antifa too???
Also investigate @GovernorVA Terry McAuliffe for purposely bringing the hate groups together w/ domestic terrorists and ordering stand down.
You need to denounce Trump or you are no better!  He Needs To Go!  You too?  Waiting for you to do something meaningful.
Congrats on finally growing a small set. Grow a bigger one and admit the GOP enabled this with Trump. Then leave that irredeemable party.
A Country that Removes their History has No Future! I Stand with the White Nationalists Leave General Lee Alone
It's not about removing history, it's about learning from history, so we don't repeat the atrocities of the past.
But if stuff is removed then that is removing history.
There's a thing called a history book...
I don't agree with you on much, but I do on this. Thank you.
I urge you & the @GOP get together and tell @realDonaldTrump to call it for what it is: *white* domestic terrorism. #defendcville #disgrace
You forgot to mention ANTIFA and BLM sir.
Not comparable. Not even a bit.
ANTIFA thugs beat up people who they don't agree with and BLM promotes the killing of cops, they're all hateful and despicable groups.
What do you say to the families of the 100s of 1000s of American soldiers that died in WWII fighting Nazism? Shame on you. You're no patriot
What is your reason for Defending anti-fa? The events of today was nazis vs communists. Both sides were bad
One group is marching FOR people and one is marching AGAINST people. Why even defend Nazis, for any reason?
I get the feeling that the one with the fake account is you, I've already told you I'm not defending nazis but you keep repeating the same..
...over and over again, can you not read?.
I urge u to resign
I want to say good for you for standing up and calling it what it is, domestic terrorism! But, then I remember the things you said before!
I'm pleasantly surprised to see you issue such a statement.

ACLU confirms that police were given stand-down order. This invited the violence the city used to shut down a court-permitted protest. https://twitter.com/ACLUVA/status/896386562484731904 …
Beto, cause he's always been on the right side!
...and will continue to support the agenda laid out by Bannon, Miller, Gorka and Sessions, right Senator?
Why aren't you condemning antifa who reportedly threw urine and  poop on people. Why isn't the name of the driver of that car released
There is that spine
Have you mentioned Antifa and BLM lately? Photo from today
Have you mentioned George Soros? Nope.
Thank you for your excellent response.  We need some principled leadership now more than ever.
Not a fan of yours - but good job on this one.
WRONG. You speak about the constition bill of right. Why go half cocked. Bad deal happened let the law end it.
This is a clear, unambiguous statement & plan for specific followup action. As one of your non-Republican constituents, I appreciate this.
You mean Jeff Sessions's DOJ? He's the biggest racist of them all.
Thank you for calling it what it is, domestic terrorism! If only more republicans would call out neo nazis,  kkk & other white supremacists
Thank you for having more integrity than @realDonaldTrump and specifically denouncing this awful, racist behavior.
I don't get how condemning he violence from both sides means he didn't condemn the racists.
Tell that to the racists.
Ummmm it was a question.  I don't need to know what the KKK thinks about it.  Why would anyone even read that?
It specifically answers your question. The white supremacists feel justified and supported by Trump.
How they feel isn't relevant.  Is it possible to condemn racists and antifa?  I would say most sane people would.
I don't condone any violence. But if the white supremacists weren't marching, Antifa wouldn't have been there in the first place.
Solid statement
It may be cynical, but I see a 2020 challenge.
2018 and he has a solid opponent in @BetoORourke
We've set the bar really low when all a person has to do to run for president is condemn the KKK.
he has many times.
Troll alert
Lucy, can you post a single citation or video proving your comment?
Sen Cruz, will you stand with Sen Gardner in holding the president accountable?
Mr. President - we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism. https://twitter.com/sencorygardner/status/896465229181210624 …
Cruz is Cuban from Canada educated at Princeton. He has no connection to the American people. Especially whites. He needs to go Texas
@SenTedCruz why no mention of BLM and Antifa
Did u say all this at after the black lives matter & antifa protests?!
Tell us when did BLM attack anyone violently despite meeting opposition during the marches?
Where the heck have u been?
Before you rush to judgement which you have zero knowledge of, let the LEOS do their job and investigate!!
I can not speech for Senator Cruz, but we have at least couple guilty parties to this tragedy and those culpable need to be prosecuted! You?
BOTH sides are at fault today! And anyone that says that they're not needs a mental evaluation
They are not!  One hate group of nazis and one group of peaceful protestors!
Put the crack pipe down and walk away..That's enough internet for you today
Some people get their news from only one source which scrubs videos to fit their agenda.
I may have a different political viewpoint than you, but thanks for this statement. Someone needs to say it.
The monuments and the flag need to go and be put into museums. This needs to happen at the national level. It's time.
Today taught us enough is enough for tolerating these relics. They represent too much hate and violence and that's not fair to all citizens.
ANY group pursuing violence inexcusable. But group w/permit wasn't driver. Other group was bussed in just for violence. Pick on them.
Republican Party owns this. #2018 the year we REALLY drain the swamp
Its ABOUT any and ALL of these mass herds of Protesters that flood the Streets seeking to FIGHT and Riot! Its just not ONE GROUP
Damn, dude. Might you want to grow a backbone and do something to stop this shit? #impeach
HAHAHAHAHA Right. The DOJ. Not racist in the least. Keep dreaming, Ted, you own this shit.
The Keebler Elf will completely botch this. 
You are part of the problem also Cruz
I want the DOJ to treat this as an act of terrorism. And I think Hillary would've used any Repub help in that effort too. Even gross Cruz.
It is a horrible day for me when I have to like a statement by Ted Cruz
But he waited til 8:30 this evening!
True!  And there was probably some political strategy to it.  But still a far cry better than the President.
Soros behind all this!
Thanks for condemning anti-Semitism. Weren't you the guy whistling about 'New York Values' during the campaign?
Yeah. The bar is low but apparently Cruz can reach it while our president cannot
Yes. I remain underwhelmed by the GOP response. Their language has been emphatic, but it's backed by nothing.
No direct callouts and condemnations of their leader, no intra-party threats, etc. Toothless all the way. It's a national embarrassment.
Orrin Hatch, McCain, now Cruz all calling out Trump. That's actually a pretty big deal.
Grassley as well
WHAT JEFF SESSIONS SHOULD HAVE SAID AND DONE.

Oh wait, he's one of them.
Silly me.
I don't read the washington examiner.
BLM & Antifa were bussed in with weapons to attack the ones who had a permit to rally there. They started the violence. You left them out.
Always everyone else who started. Never the KKK & neonazis who actually STARTED it ions ago. Side with evil you are evil.
I am with you Ted but ANTIFA and BLM is just as bad.  Do not forget the alt-left
How Ironic the same PPL that tweets everyday hateful disgusting comments&promotes Rage&Violence towards our POTUS R Rt here w/Fake Outrage.
Freedom of speech to criticize officials is not the same than organized hatred against other races and killing people for disagreeing.
When U put 2 Hateful Gr. in the same PL the outcome can only be catastrophic,remember their actions R a clear reflection of their thoughts
Good luck with that.
Good guy Ted
Foreign policies? Need, silently but very strongly to foreign Gov is need. Now? Money is not all to Country.
Well, I'll b damned.
Shark Jumper! Only charged with 2nd degree murder. Not premeditated or planned. Sad
Again, are you standing with POTUS? You stand for decency or white supremacy. Your move.
Is it domestic terrorism when there are masked persons destroying property & hitting people to stop free speech as well?
Hello PEOPLE! It's a ROCK/Statue!Created BY MAN STRATEGICALLY PLACED TO Commemorate the 1ST LOSER! #ProtectTheRocks 
I urge you to immediately denounce your buddy, hateful pastor Swanson that wants to burn down schools. You are very bit as bad, Ted.
What finally speak up! You're not a senator you're just like 45, gutless no redeeming qualities.
They had permits to protest. They were set upon by illegal protesters who were assaulting them, provoking, and escalating the violence.
Warning anyone reading comments: you might think you’ll find diff ppl coming together. You won’t. Somehow ppl are still arguing. Turn back
Explain then why nationalists with a permit was shut down but antifa/BLM wo a permit was allowed to march? And why did LEOs do nothing?
What? Finally Getting rid of Trump!
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
you're using this as a political cudgel (about time you stood up to trump) when you enable the same groups with your alt-right rhetoric
So why are you and repub colleagues working hard to suppress votes?  You are being disingenuous.  Not a good look.
Where were you investigations for these terrorists, Cruz? You didn't mention any hate groups besides whites. You're a commie!
Look who suddenly grew a spine...
Thank you.  This is the first decent act I've seen from you.  Keep it up and you just might redeem yourself!
Whoa Cruiser. Watch your mouth. Are you trying to be just like Bohner? Why not copy George W. instead? George is a gentleman and an artist.
Thank you!!
What!? Why?! You're one of them! GD lying traitorous SOB
@JohnCornyn it's a bad day for you when Ted is the voice of reason. Your silence is deafening. 
Thank you for taking a real stand!  Constituent 75023
Your just Pissed Cuz David Duke said his KKK Creeps would never support you, because YOUR not an American.
Same terrorists Antifa who committed acts of violence FOR YOU last year.
We do remember. I'm not wondering you are not mentioning them.
Until you ask the president to step down you are not taking any action but are sitting on your hands hoping this doesn't affect you.
Her name was Heather Heyer. Let's remember her name.
I hear what you're say Ted. Now lets see some action.
I can't believe I'm actually going to applaud something that Ted Cruz has said.

Sen Cruz: investigation needs 2 B for both White Suprem. & Antifa gangs. Antifa Gangs have perpetrated violence past 18mos @TheJusticeDept
To bad you're not as zealous in calling for DOJ to investigate ANTIFA & BLM
Investigate why the police weren't allowed to do their jobs.
Clash between protesters and counter protesters. Police says "We'll not intervene until given command to do so." #Charlottesville 
You mean the Department of Justice led by a racist Attorney general yet you voted yes to his confirmation
You forget the group had a lawful ticket to march. The protesting antifa BLM had no right. Govt told police to stand down. Blood on them.
Wow is Ted really a Christian...they usually say things like this??
Heartfelt thanks for rising to the occasion! Am usually on the other team, but you did good.
The video shows a different story, imo. If you are right, the driver will be found not guilty. He was denied bail so the police don’t agree.
The video seems to show he was untouched driving toward the protestors. He was denied bail so the police are skeptical it was self-defense.
gotcha; hopefully the justice system will be able to sort it out.
I don't like you either but remove @POTUS you spineless excuses for lawmakers. Remove him remove him remove him NOW
OMG You grew a pair!
Make sure Sessions investigates Geore Soros' funding of the antifa protesters.
HOW ABOUT #IMPEACH THE GROTESQUE PRESIDENT ??
Remarkable statement, thank you @tedcruz for setting a precedence.
Then get the fucking demon Trump out of office immediately.
Senator, I oppose most of your political ideologies. But I commend you on your statement.
Holy shit I just retweeted Ted Cruz...
Violence at protests are always dismissed. It's time to hold anyone and everyone accountable for their actions now and at future protests.
Are we sure this guy wasn't scared when projectiles and protesters attacking his vehicle.i guess wait and see
Your President did not denounce the white terrorists. He merely told everyone to calm down.
Good! Also this for TX: BREAKING:  Illinois Senate passes measure calling for neo-Nazis to be classified as terror groups
will you also endorse impeachment of trump and his enablers? consider yourself among that group. you helped build this travesty.
Where were you urging the prosecution of domestic terrorism when people were getting pummeled over the head with bike locks?
I urge you to remove this reckless president from office before he does even more damage.
@SenTedCruz It is not enough to stand against it yourself, you must stand against the high powers that seek to give it new light of day.
I think some of your legislative agenda could be investigated as domestic terrorism Mr. Cruz. A lot of it is harmful to Americans!!!
AntiFa & BLM must be added too... Killing Cops, Burning Businesses & Purposely Injuring People is a Grotesque act of Domestic Terrorism!
Where have you been? First Terrorist Organization recongnized by US Government??? KKK?? Protection by Senate & Congressional reps must Stop
These Communists and Fascists have no right to be in our Country!
The Department of Justice is led by a White Supremacist. Take the wool off, Cruz, and accept the fact that the WH has been overrun.
Are you talking about Trump? Already underway.
As long as you toe the line for the Nazi sympathizer who is your boss, these are just empty words (which is all I expect from you)
You and your GOP own this.  You cant pick and choose who to hate.  America must be #NoPlaceForHate #AllLivesMatter
Hey Cruz, taking down Trump will NOT get you the GOP nomination in 2020. Go back to Canada.
Don't be bullied Ted. You know Trump is your enemy.
Sorry Ted, reacting 2 constant leftist abuse and assault is sad & tragic, but not terrorism. Leftist's are agitators since the Trump rallies
Lyin Ted ...trying to be relevant again.  Didnt work so well last time.
Did you grow a pair? Where is your voice now?
When you can call it for what it is, an act of Terrorism, but the President can't . Never thought I'd see the day.
Jeff Sessions prosecuting an alt-right neo-Nazi uprisings.  Ironic or pathetic.
If you take away these groups funder aka (George Soros), that would alleviate much of the problems.
Speak to the   antifa fascist evil that brought the violence today politician. Or don't, just keep the RINO line. Worthless.
So you can call it that and not be deemed a snowflake? Okay...
Huh. Had no idea the Nazis called Heidi a beast.
Hey Ted, stop your party from trying to keep blacks from voting all over the country. Until then you are the White Supremacist Party
Sessions? Seriously? I agree with VERY little of what you say/do but even a blind squirrel can find a nut. Eloquently said as well.
You do realize that most likely (in my opinion) that the head of the DOJ, not only committed PERJURY, but is also a WHITE SUPREMACIST???
There should be a unanimous declaration by Congress condemning the Nazis, the KKK, white supremacists and the lies, bigotry, anti-Semitism..
holy crap, i never thought i would agree with Ted Cruz about anything, but actually calling this terrorism earns a nod of respect from me.
But he is your GOP Birther Leader? You love him and all he stands for. He is ur monster!
Good for Ted! However.. #neverforget
Thank you!
3/4 of a year later you call for this? Thanks for waking up Senator
Lol ok
Thank you for speaking out, Senator.
As a Texan, I've been against your record on almost every issue.

However, I thank you for having the courage to say this.
False comparison. Only the "Alt-Right" are guilty of calling for & carrying out murder.
#Sessions is a #whitesupremist. He isn't going to do anything
They're Trump Supporters. Aren't you one?
Lol...investigate?  Klan Elf Sessions was the keynote speaker at the rally.
How about you go after their leader @realDonaldTrump while you're at it. You are complicit in this mentality of hatred.
How about you get to work repealing and replacing Obamacare!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow you jump the fence faster then my dog. Good boy
I want it investigated & I want to know who  came there to fight ??they didn't fight each other???right???saw black lives matters sign on TV
Let's not join the cucks yet Ted. There's a thing called an investigation left to do.
YOU are complicit in this too.
Antifa and BLM among other groups were there to Mr Virtue Signaler.  Where's the mention of that?
What about BLM & Antifa, Ted?
How about my right to health care or the rights of millions of Federal employees to get a paycheck? Don't we have the same rights as you do?
AND YET YOU HELPED MAKE JEFF BEAUREGARD SESSIONS THE HEAD OF THAT DEPT
#Thankyou for this public condemnation! #Charolettesville
YOU have the powerto get him out of the office! He is starting a war over tweets. He's a bully. He encourages racist and violent behavior
Thank you Senator and I support you for saying this.  No one else has yet.
All that may be true, but our US Constitution grants hateful speech the SAME rights as every other kind of speech. It's PROTECTED too.
You failed to call out White hating Black lives matter and Violent Communist Antifa, both groups attacked the White supremist.All are wrong.
I urge the reckless and gutless and brainless and cowardly Republican Senate and House of Reps to WAKE THE F UP AND IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Including why they cops mingled two opposing groups and stood down.
Same trick used in San Jose and other dem- run cities prior to the election
Coincidence?
Hmmm :/
Yes. San Jose
Where was your effn cry to investigate BLM, ANTIFA, OCCUPY, CAIR? The right is tired of being ignored by the likes of you and Congress.
Everyone that was claiming @SenTedCruz was "worse for America" than @realDonaldTrump, what say you now? #principles
Mr.Tea Party,You have some nerve! You are a huge part of http://this.GOP  has been this forever! Matt.25,Amos ch2 Study Jesus' words.
You live,vote against everything Jesus http://taught.You , GOP feign ignorance, oh the horror.Your donors& sent votes,fake filibuster!
Televangelist $$$ man,fox news etc.Just be honest.Prep for Pres run in 2020 rhetoric period.
Trump WAS right...there were way more than just them, and why were the Guard pulled back?? They expected violence. Get the whole srory.
No car involved just killing Police Officers in Dallas and did we hear anything from President Obama denouncing those Hate groups.
Then why rn't u leading by example? #25thAmendmentNow  #FireBannonMillerGorka  #GOPOathofOffice Lead, follow or get out of the way!
Then lead & get 25thA or Articles of Impeachment going now.
Leave me I wish they would do the 25th Amendment on Trump or impeach him to get him the hell out of office because he's destroying America.
The wind has blown. @tedcruz jumps on board.
Atta boy @SenTedCruz
So now you finally see what 50 years of GOP southern strategy has reaped? Are you surprised? cc @maggieNYT @soledadobrien
Brother will fight against brother.
i really feel like we are failing at civilization.

You would have won the presidency because you speak as a leader, who has compassion and love for humanity.
Yes then round them up and send them to Gitmo!
White people were hurt, someone will react this time...
my view is that USA citizen more interest issues near Domestic than abroad n World. Than interest Wall`s, more interest Domestic n near.
This Texan has been leaving you messages. I demand the  #Impeachment of this racist, sexual predator. #ImpeachTrump
All Ambulance drivers do dry runs called "Territory runs" the are to study routes  listen to dispatch. Apparently they didn't. Pls stop.
ALL the bigots,racist,and hatred from all sides must be investigated not just white supremisist but black supremicist BLM ANTIFA all are bad
Sen Cruz, u should add #BlackLivesMatters, Farrakan's Nation of Islam to that list! Our national disgust & repulisivness must include them!
