vote for the bill tomorrow or you are responsible for Obamacare.
In the words of Andrew Amedee: careful what you wish for @tgnoble.
No conservative favors Fed healthcare
https://twitter.com/SwiftRead/status/815932432981565440 …
@SenTedCruz
.@GOP replaces Gov-Run-Healthcare w/ Gov-Run-Healthcare! Replace #ACA w/ Interstate Trade & FREE MARKET: lower cost/we decide.
#MakeDCListen
I don't want fed healthcare either, but thanks to conservatives that's what we've got
Yep, okay. Because no conservative/republican even voted for Harry Reid's health care law. 1) Pass a clean #FullRepeal
Since we have the courage of our convictions here, we should wait for an election year for maximal electoral impact
20m Americans will really appreciate how we stripped them of healthcare, and voters will reward us mightily.
Also, the healthcare industry being disrupted should be great for campaign donations
You do know as soon as Dems passed O-care... you lost the House? 
Four years later you lost Senate.
Exactly why it's going to be electoral manna from heaven when we get this thing passed.
ideally, we schedule final passage for early October 2018. That'll show them.
Don't reneg but don't rush into a bad replacement. Be thorough, be complete and be beneficial to the American people
@XMerc45 @POLITICOMag as an hr professional who cares about our staff & a conservative, I ask that this be repealed as promised.
We will be holding you this Seanator...even after your dinner with POTUS @SenTedCruz @POLITICOMag
I am losing my business bc of #Obamacare. If @GOP fails to keep its promise for #FullRepeal, I will NEVER vote @GOP again.
@lolli_logan @SenTedCruz @GOP we need a 3rd party. Trumplicans, the dems and GOP r corrupt to the core. They get nothing done
True, but maybe we only need a 2nd party, since R&D conspire against us. I want less govt not more.
agreed  good point.
THIS IS THE LAST TWEET YOU'VE DONE RE: Obamacare! WHY?? So disappointed that you are not vocal against this!
@Lonestar357 @POLITICOMag 
Paul Nehlen: Ryan's Obamacare Bill 'a Bailout for the Insurance Industry'
The RINOS reneged! @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLeader @GOP
2010&14 the PPL gave GOP Power Back WE SENT $2 SCF ManySmallBiz ACA Killing=HSE ZERO= SCREWED US We wanted 1 thing STOP ACA=DT16
@XMerc45 @POLITICOMag and in that time why didn't Ryan have s plan not this one hell no rhino ryancare
Maybe you need to find an adequate replacement first.  You have reneged before.
@jphilman0206 @POLITICOMag couldn't have said it better myself
Don't worry Ted, it will be. Your still holding a grudge, get over it.
It's okay sweetie.  Go ahead and do the right thing, keep ACA.  Governing is harder than campaigning.
ACA is a DISASTER! Businesses going out of biz! Millions cannot afford! Providers bailing! #FullRepeal @SenTedCruz
Repeal Obamacare, that's what we were promised!!!
If Cruz can pull this off and demonstrate leadership , then he will solidify himself as a champion to  Americans!
What r you going to replace it with? Need consumer protections & coverage available to all incl indiv policies.
it's looking more & more like (R)'s want power more than representing people. 6yrs of repeal show votes now trapped
It was a stupid promise made by stupid people.
why didn't you have a plan to immediately replace it with?  You can't, can you?
And if u repeal obamacare,  we will repeal ur insurance that we pay for. And we will remember u next election!
ObamaCare is a big reason why Hillary got her ass handed to her, so I wouldn't be too cocky.
Please say No 2 #BetterWay the #ObamacareLite 
@POLITICOMag
Most conservatives agree. Take no prisoners on this. Repeal period!replace if you must. I had GR8 insurance b4 ACA
Good Article but why not speak out against Russia Ties?  Why be Trumps' echo?
repeal repeal repeal repeal Ted Cruz. Incompetent, complicit, Trump-Putin toadie.
We need 60 votes. We have 52 votes. It's arithmetic.
Write the bill and twist arms. Or write the bill and use the no votes against Dems in the midterms.
Or start selling the repeal now. PR work. Point to how cost of LASIK drops while quality goes up.
explain how we need retail clinics: most people don't need to spend $ to see doctor, just need nurse to triage.
Explain how medical insurance works best only for catastrophic. Or else you waste your own money in overhead.
And with each of these issues fully explained, pass a bill that encourages it and repeals part of Obamacare.
Or how to send 20 million back to emergency rooms for basic care because we said we would #ReplaceNotRepeal
Please do not cave on this Senator. No matter what Speaker Ryan does.
@MAnotGinger @POLITICOMag

The majority of Elected Republicans are Political COWARDS

They like drama in front of a TV Camera
That's called being "hoisted by yer own petard"!
please push forward on this ASAP
remember all the nice things  #45 said about you  GUESS WHAT THEY ARE TRUE
Why were Insurance Companies exempt from Anti-trust laws under Obamacare?
there is alot of companies and even states that are exempt
But it sure looks like the Republicans will try to renege.
What if in those 6 years you had made suggestions to improve it instead of blindly scream "repeal"? That might have been good.
and other than trying to hold the gov hostage. U. Have. Done. Nothing.
@sunflowerwsnc @POLITICOMag GET TO WORK CONGRESS!!! It's GO TIME!!!
What about Russia? Taxes? Focus
better believe that
Medicare for all Medicare for all Medicare for all
Ol lying ted
when you don't listen to the majority who disagree with you, you can't get reelected. #RepealAndReplaceRepbus #UnitedMajority
go ahead and ammend parts but cal it repeal to get rid of Obamas name forever!
Your math is very wrong: between 2010 and 2016, family premiums went up a little over $4000.
You are exactly right! Full repeal only.
@KattyKayBBC @POLITICOMag And you've had 6 years to figure out what to replace it with. Where is it? And be prepared to own it!
SINGLE PAYER,Medicare for all!  That's how you replace Obamacare.  Do it now!
Perhaps you should have spent 6 years promising to make the ACA work better than just simply destroying it?
Perhaps Obama should've spent 8 years in office making his own POS better. Not Ted's fault Obama Grubered us.
sure you can. We'd forgive you
repeal and replace
Republicans r cloning ACA 2 call their own
Eventually anybody can learn. Just keep trying. The Affordable Care Act was good for Americans.
No brainer! Cut the puppet strings Ted! Our one and only chance to have government work for We The People!
REPEAL OCARE COMPLETLY NOW.
Why???
Obamacare is responsible for many delays causing death.
Such as?
#corruption is all Republicans know
if the people overwhelmingly ask you not to repeal you can. #ProtectOurCare
very true Ted that's why Trump is president he delivers to many people getting a paycheck in Washington that do nothing
if you like your plan you can keep it! If you like your doctor's you can keep them. Affordable is a joke! #MANDATE
I kept both nimrod
didn't expansion of Medicaid do exactly what ACA was supposed to?Over 50,000,000 people,while millions more lost!
Research can be your friend. Try it
FULL REPEAL IS THE ONLY ANSWER TO ACA. MANDATE IS THE FIRST TO GO. INSURANCE CO. HAS A CAPTIVE CLIENTELE#MAGA
we heard it from you over and over but you cave to the political climate like all globalist do. I used to be a fan!
When you have a 6% rate of making actually true statements people didn't believe you'd do that either.
You will have blood on your hands for your fear mongering, propaganda, and repeal. Amend. Don't end.
Harkins back to the fake repeal votes.   Now it's real.
Even if you don't have a better solution and as a result people may lose their insurance and literally die? You're ok with that?
haha Sara..That's a far stretch on what's going to happen. There you go with that liberal mass hysteria crap smh
I'd rather be a hysterical liberal than the type of person who can laugh something like this off so callously.
Did  I read that right ? You would rather be hysterical then to see the truth? You Libs Boggle the mind lol
especially since it should have, and could have been repealed already.
You left those who currently have insurance out of your equation
it's not called the equation, it's called the Constitution.
Good read, but I'm unsure on concensus #3 since job supplied health insurance is often paid for in full/part by the employer.
And is often based on a group deal negotiated b/w the employer and the insurance company.
Dts
Hey Senator, make them mad crazy like the dems. Tell them to do their job. 61 million folks, said so.
65 million said otherwise
. Don't be distracted by the Left. Continue on with the agenda.
(belch)
@realDonaldTrump @marklevinshow @JimLaubler
unless of course you have exactly ZERO idea of how to replace it.
you might want to consider honesty and change repeal and replace to repeal and rename.
"vote your conscious"
you have to have a conscience 1st.
National health care works great in Canada. Why can't we have Medicare for All?
Because Canadians taxes r sky high. Besides, name one gov program that runs as it was inteneded. HELLO? NONE!
@KattyKayBBC @POLITICOMag funny how you had 8 yrs to make it GREAT the first time. If you didn't reject president Obama so much!
#NoRepealNoReplace bye bye Congress! #youareaccountable! #WeThePeople are watching your efforts!
Of course you can, you just have to listen to the American people. #SaveACA
Senator, wake up and smell your ashes. #ACA will not be repealed, because your constituents NEED it.
Be a bigger man and accept that the #ACA must remain in place.
Good idea Chris and you can keep your own Dr. And you can be penalized for not buying the ACA trash
Better than 20 million losing their medical insurance.
Ur tweet is evidence that u have nothing. Backed into a corner? Just admit u basically lied to stoke fear to get votes.
It's ok to break promises; it won't kill anybody as opposed to not having healthcare 
Many of the legislators balking at #FullRepeal are begging the grassroots to save them at town halls. Give us a reason to do so.
you are right do it get busy
GOP leaders are pro establishment and are.a.huge part of the problem. They are Democrat-lite.and need removed
If so worried about being Dem-lite, why don't we remove Dems first? Oh wait; we r already doing that!  Dems losing.
It took Donald J. Trump for you #all to #DoYourJob. (Being #Sessions. Being #Honest)  1st W/ you Senator Cruz.  #Texans #rock.
Get more free clinics staffed with NPs and PAs to give poor access to primary care for everyday ailments. Medicaid for verysick
"and replacing"
Absolutely! Must repeal totally and replace fully!
Ted, pick up your marbles and go home. Republicans have nothing.
and I'll be registering as a republican just to primary your ass if you take my gfs healthcare away
you have no idea what you're unleashing doing this. Please repeal it and see what happens
get it done
if they keep that penalty in there they can all kiss my ass
when you point out you can't renege, but you'll end up reneging anyway, it's gonna be awkward for Lyin' @tedcruz
Wow Loosey, you're so negative. Why so angry?  Don't you realize ObamaCare will implode if nothing is done
With what will you replace the plan that has helped 20 million people?
OK. That's fine. But still need to see concrete action.
If not fully repealed, good luck in the mid terms!
f u Teddy! I have great healthcare thru Obamacare!!! I pay it all myself!
Way too much history to prove otherwise.  Way too many GOP'ers with weakening knees.  I desperately hope I am wrong.
you are right. But I personally wish that you guys wouldn't repeal.  Loved your debate with Bernie BTW.
well you can, and even when you do you still look like a super villain.
if you don't like it so much you could've, not passed it. That was an option too.
#firepaulryan  just watch ryan blow it! delusional (R) believe they can't be replaced.
Can we repeal Obama first? That'd be great place to start, ITT.
you are the dog that caught the car and we will unseat every sob who takes our healthcare away.
also, I'm a small business owner and the aca HELPS SMALL BUSINESS!!
get them moving Teddy
