Even if the vast majority of Americans oppose that plan, by god you're gonna deliver, right?

"Major changes" and "repeal" are such vastly different options that lumping them together is ignorant at best and disingenuous at worst.
If more people understood that the ACA design is so flawed that it cannot be fixed, do you agree that more would then accept full repeal?
I would support full repeal if a replacement plan was outlined ahead of time that would ensure MORE Americans have access to healthcare.
AKA don't go backwards out of spite without a plan to save the Americans that will die from a blind repeal.
For me, it's not spite. I've been destroyed by Obamacare and I desperately need repeal. I see the collapse upon us & fear more will be hurt.
Insurance companies are not champing at the bit to make less money. Reducing regulations will not save Americans money on healthcare.
The overwhelming majority of Americans do not WANT repeal. Following through on ideology in the face of this is madness.

I'm not disagreeing that it needs to be fixed; but as long as red-states are bound and determined to torpedo it...It needs bipartisan buy-in
It can't be fixed; ACA regulations are actuarily unworkable. Medicaid expansion is  harmful/doomed to fail. Only fix is to start over.
You need to have something in place then while you fix it because you can't just leave people in the lurch. You need to replace, not repeal
True. Ind ins mkt has existed for 75 yrs. W/o repeal it is collapsing. Also, repeal bills have imposed a 2 yr transition to address that. 1/
Treating Healthcare as a purely business venture is immoral. You cannot rip away people's healthcare before you replace it w/improvement.
What I find immoral is stealing wages of future gens. IMO forcing Congress w/a deadline after repeal is the only way they'll face reality.
Thank you Sen Cruz! Millions of individuals & small biz have been destroyed by Obamacare's skyrocketing premiums. We need freedom to choose.
7 years. Still waiting.
#makeamericagagagain
Repeal!
The replace garbage is a recent change. Spineless R's are now too scared to get the job done. Sad!
Repeal !!!!!!!!'keep gov out of our health care !! Expose the rhinos who care more for  the lobbyists!!
Just repeal it and get govt out of the healthcare business. @JohnCornyn
You had 7 years and nothing, now your like the kid who's studying for the finale exam the night before the test. What a bunch of slackers.
No kidding!  We are sick and tired of all of you not doing what we voters voted for, do your jobs.
Why not just go back on your word like you normally do? #LyingTed
.. actually @tedcruz the promise was REPEAL! It's unconstitutional & we need DC out. See 10th Amendment.
Amen to that Teddy Boy; sorry but it stuck!
@peddoc63 @foxandfriends 
Then get the other republicans on the train. Or expose them.
why not place a cap on the cost of services i.e. doctors visits, xrays, surgeries, meds, etc. if these were controlled premiums would fall
Repeal it please Senator.
Amen Congr is totally dysfunctional...6 mos in office @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP has not enacted 1 major legis on 2016 GOP platform NOTHING!!
And too bad you have nothing good to deliver
REPEAL! No replace!!
Lie detector test determined that was a lie
Get i
I believe you Ted but the swamp hates u almost as much as Trump
Repeal.
Sen Ted Cruz unless you put action to your GOP Rhetoric, it is just smooth talking empty words!
Yup put up or shut up #ActionsNotWords
Passed what promise? No plan on delivery-just delivery charges and pork
Lying Ted, what r u doing about the traitor in the Oval Office? #Complicit.
I thought full repeal was promised ?
Until Jan 2016, the promise was only to repeal. Get that done. "... & replace" is stupid. Fix health CARE, & leave insurance to the market.
Failure is not an option.
It wasn't right then. Not right now. Make ACA better
Please get the RINOs to deliver!
There is no constitutional provision that government tell me how to manage my healthcare
More lies from @SenTedCruz
Get government out of the healthcare businesses. The whole thing is a colossal clustet f**k
Are republicans  dumb they're unable to come up with a plan for health care ,anyone so stop knocking Obama
Care until you get it done
If republicans don't deliver their promise, many incumbent senators and representatives will be replaced at the polls
Y is it that all politicians talk abt r the people not paying 4 insurance ? Our system was destroyed 2 'help' ppl who don't pay 4 it anyway.
It's working Americans who r hurt the most every time DC does anything 2 'help' the 'people', cut our taxes & do it now let me keep my money
what the hell happened to just REPEAL?!?!? you and the GOP want to lose next year or what?
Should be concerned about who ur next POTUS is as well cowboy...BTW, we've seen your Healthcare plan, not real popular...sooo, NEXT!
You mean, "Do what you campaigned on." Make this CLEAR to @SenateGOP
Replace was never promised until trump said he wants a tremendous plan 2 cover everybody & govt will pay 4 it..  just repeal it. Start over
Fiction,  lies.  More will be revealed.  Hypocritical coward.
Why would you think better to repeal with nothing to replace than keep as is until replace? Break ur word better than kill millions.
then why the hell didn't Rs have a bill ready to go after 7 years? U r going to be responsible for so many dying
Can't wait to cast my vote for @BetoORourke! #Beto2018 #VoteOutCruz #Vote2018
Then repeal it and quit talking about the BS replacements
New bill is simple. Tort reform, cafeteria plans, cross states, no denial for preexisting. Drs & hospitals publish rates. Let mkts take ovr
No #FullRepeal = replace RINOs & supporters of this Congressional debacle! Article V @COSIllinois Term Limits 4 Congress!
Senator perhaps you should submit legislation that would reverse the Senate's exemption from the ACA.  That would get some attention.
Just repeal like you promised
As much as I didn't like @SenTedCruz in the primary I have truly grown to respect him #Cruz2024
https://www.healthreformvotes.org/congress/412573   And you are still trying to stay in the limelight .You are a poor actor
You couldn't deliver a pizza! of course, a pizza is awesome & doesn't rip healthcare away from millions of people for sake of a "win".
All the campaign promises from Republicans was repeal. OBAMAcare is a stinking mess, we don't want a new stinking mess.
Thank you Sen Cruz.
Now STOP MUELLER
Good luck with that, trumpy. Biggest scandal of r history not going 2 b shut down. #FakePresident is a traitor. Get used to hearing that.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
We need you to get this done. Now is the time. Dems don't care if it fails. Dems want GOP to be responsible for OCare failure. Know that!
We wish you had worked as hard on "replace" part as you have demogogized about "repeal" part.
Why is it taking so long?
@SenTedCruz better get the WHOLE SENATE TO BELIEVE because today the GOP ARE LOSERS in 2018!
thats why words and rhetoric matter. You played politics for 8 years not its time to govern. Criticizing is easy!
