No parent should be taxed to send wealthy parents' kids to private schools while public schools are underfunded.
ugh.  1) Not underfunded. 2) poor kids are the only ones who really  benefit from choice.
Go do some research before you say things like that.
sure, like with facts from studies that are easily found with basic search skills?  I did, you should try it too.

yes.  Read the actual report.  Look at the underlying data. Just as good and cheaper. That's a win.
Little oversight, run for profit.
results matter, right?  Profit is not evil.  There is no boogeyman.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz I can think of some more pressing issues being discussed...
For starters, trans rights. Illegal, discriminatory congressional districts in Texas.
Ties between Russia and 45. The AG committing perjury in his confirmation hearing.
Healthcare, which will be more broken amd inaccessible under Ryan's plan than ever before.
And all this before I remind you that "school choice" hurts many more students than it helps.
it hurt me. It hurt my wife. Because the law WAS not enforced it hurt my daughter. My brother
my sister. My parents all were hurt by this law. So 100% of my family has been affected
negatively by this law. So most people do not apply to me.
can he do the same to vote down SB 2 and SB 902?
But will these private schools for profit be held accountable? Everything else privatized is not.
government schools aren't accountable.
why don't you check DeVos's record in Michigan. Then tell everything is fine.
teach your own kids.
Apparently a well thought out statement on education is out of your leaque.
teach your own kids
since you seem to keep sending the same tweet. I don't have children of school age.
then why worry about what other people do with theirs?
Your support 4 this travesty is an admission that it's ok for schools to fail. Don't subsidize unaccountable schools
America doesn't have school's anymore, just indoctrination centers for islamists. WAKE UP people!
Only by questioning whether the money go to the right place to restore confidence in the US Embassy in Macedonia. Tnx
.@SenTedCruz @tedcruz Nice reverse Robinhood plan. Hardworking middle class pays for private schools.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz We are also watching our local legislators. They have listened. Hopefully they will ignore this letter.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz good idea. Wealthy white parents can and will choose. Poor minorities can't.  Permanent disadvantage!
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz   Way to go Cruz. More public funds out of already stretched public schools
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz  WTG.  @SenTedCruz
@SenTedCruz 3 things: Access to private schools is NOT guaranteed to all students who may wish to enroll. This is a money /0
grab by those already in the system. Private schools, like colleges, will be very selective (exclusionary). /1
This becomes tax funded segregation. I know Ted doesn't know much about Texas but there is already school /2
choice through open enrollment districts and public charter schools in most areas of the state. Finally, teacher's
unions in Texas have almost zero influence. Local boards same. Most curriculum decisions are made by the State.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz parents are not told where their kids have to go to school, they can already send their children
wherever they want, however public #education is available to all children,
if schools are failing, that's a government failure, that's a Ted Cruz failure.
stop trying to pass the buck on #education accountability, work to improve the schools we have.
@SenTedCruz Again, don't fix the problem (of a failing school) just make it somebody else's. #NotMyProblem #TheConservativeWay
perpetuating stratification of America.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz  Blather. A duplicitous apology for diverting public school funds to private schools for the privileged.
Would it be so wrong to improve the quality of existing public schools?
where we live there is one school. How does that work for us
please site which studies show vouchers actually work. I want to read them.
I agree parents should have the option how they educate their kids
thumbs down
and Illinois too. Traditional Public Education is the last bastion of racism
they have plenty of money.
I am forced to pay taxes.
So I want my taxes going to private schools
#SchoolChoice Your hood is your responsibility. Fix your own back yard or move where education is better.
This will be DISASTROUS for special needs kids.  Private are not required to serve them -left in defunded schools.
government schools have plenty of funds
I have a better idea fund all you schools so none of them are failing. Moving students around doesn't solve the issue
the government schools have plenty of money.
They have no excuse
Thank you! It would be nice to get even 25-50% on my tax paid $ to help with tuition for my kids. No help at all now.
what kind of letters do #tx #constituents send you @SenTedCruz @tedcruz ?
can't wait to work tirelessly to ensure you do not win reelection. Your utter lack of respect for teachers is awful
I like him
How about we improve schools with better pay for teachers so they don't leave the workforce for better opportunity
they have plenty of money
go back to licking @realDonaldTrump's boots and stay away from #txlege sane bipartisan politics @pastors4txkids
Stand by for some "Senator Choice", Ted. 
Bye
Ok. I want a voucher to send my kid where Cruz's go.
lets
 be honest, those schools are just going to raise tuition so your kids still cannot afford it.
Why would anyone want to deny a child a quality education? It is time to support the children instead of big unions.
#txlege What are the statistics/research about this "working"?
what is the issue if you have the choice not to send your kids to a different school.
I don't agree.  Texas can't even fund public schools so where will the money come from for school choice?
government schools are NOT under funded!!
You're going to find vouchers are VERY unpopular in Texas. We don't want to leave kids w/disabilities in the cold.
choice. You have one
No.
Cruz is quietly approving Ryan Care and is changing the subject. Has not said if he approves it. Silence says he is.
My friend teaching in TX charter makes less, no retirement, put her kids in public, weak resources for special needs
Parents having a choice to better the lives of their children is never a bad thing; giving opportunities is good. :-)
As a Constituent I ask, are you aware of any person in GOP who had knowledge of or participation in #Trumprussia?
Senator, as a Constituent I ask, did you have any knowledge of or participation in #Trumprussia? Yes or no please
the "schools that fail" are doing so b/c legislators like yourself are making our teachers teach to a test!
Thank to!

. Research has proven this is not good. Maybe next time read for information instead of following ur political party
Vouchers are not about "choice" - it's taxpayers being forced to support private schools against THEIR choice.
School choice does nothing but take money out of the already suffering public schools.  BAD CHOICE
Public Schools educate EVERYONE, no matter their barriers to learning. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Why don't you fix our schools instead?Why are you afraid to do the work?You are a coward & TX children deserve better
fix? You can't fix government schools
 Unions should NOT DICTATE how homeowners property taxes are spent!! I want mine to better CHOICES for kids 
it is not a typical union idiot
Whose the idiot for thinking a right to work state MEANS zero unions exist
says the guy who doesn't understand the difference between a union and a lobbying organization.
NO, SAYS the WOMEN who set you straight on right 2 work having UNIONS & UNION Lobbies
no collective bargaining = no real union
Thank you!! 
so many errors in this message! Give public schools the freedoms of private before you give private schools public $!
I'm forced to pay taxes.
So I want my taxes to go for private schools instead of government schools
or work to make public schools awesome. Defunding schools won't make them better. Common sense Ted. #NoVouchers
he should be ashamed of himself voting against the interests of all TX children.
I fail to understand how he is "voting against the interest of all TX children" with this option.
With that logic, I shouldn't pay taxes for roads I never drive on.
you have the choice which roads you do drive on.
absolutely NOT!
it's already been proved that voucher students do worse than they did in public school, not better.
