We must deliver on our promise to make Health Care more affordable. http://bit.ly/2qwtWZS  
I disagree with you Senator, this bill is complete corruption and will hurt the American people in the long run.
and in the short run.
Exactly!
Make it happen....
I'm a constituent
Stop taking tax payers returns to pay for insurance they can't afford. Ins premiums should not be based on annual salaries. It is all BS
The new healthcare bill...are illegal immigrants prohibited?? "we the people" are getting sold out again by the corrupt political elites
YOU are a Republican from TEXAS, you don't give a crap about healthcare. Doubt you will be reelected.
It does not matter if it is affordable if it does not cover medical needs no matter if pre existing or not. My zip is 76022. Vote no.
NORTH AMERICAN UNION - ILLEGAL ALIEN
SHAME SHAME SHAME
This is a travesty. You should be ashamed to be a party to ruining people's lives and health. Run afraid for 2018.
You should be ashamed for to be part of a party that wants people relying on the government instead of themselves
Make it right. You're hurting millions of people. Shame on all of you republicans.
Let the people know what is going on in this bill.  Lots of fear mongering by Dem's it sounds bad what they say.
MY ZIP CODE 75246. You represent **ME** & I am telling you to vote NO on this horrible excuse of a bill!! Stop voting party & pay attention!
A lot of GOP constituents don't even like this bill! Stop trying to "get one over on Obama"! That ship has sailed! Bottom line: this is bad!
the bill is unimprovable. It is an unspeakably cruel assault on the health of millions of Americans.
yes your master
I hope you and true conservatives still believe in repealing, not improving Obamacare light.
Yes, but get it right for the American people! If it will be so great why has Congress exempted themselves from it. We should ALL have it!
This bill is not the answer! It is worse! Fix it! Otherwise goodbye to you in 2018!!
1. I know you know there's no Constitutional authority for gov-controlled healthcare.  For that reason alone, I'm confident you oppose it.
2. The other reasons you cite are valid, but secondary when it comes to keeping your oath of office.
3. Pity that they're the only reasons most people care about, so only ones you cite in your statement.  Remind us of primary reason, please.
Tell us exactly how this will improve health care for the poor & those with pre-existing conditions. Does the congress have to use it too?

Make no mistake. #TrumpCare is an act of #Terrorism. #TrumpCare is an act of #HybridWar, designed to kill and confound. #TrumpRussia 
This disaster does not make HC affordable. Eliminate OCare completely, then we'll talk.
How could you send that bill through??!!! You do not care for the people in Texas.
#RepealObamacare do not replace with anything run by or through the govt.
EVERYWHERE! the house bill is a collection of bad ideas cobbled together with spit. YOU are the only hope for this country's healthy future.
Improve? What happened to #FullRepeal? Please keep the promise. #UnitedForFreedom! No more government over-reach! Big pharma doesn't rule!
Healthcare should work the same way car and home insurance does. Free market across state lines.
How is removing insurance from 24 million the best for Americans?  As a female, I am a pre-existing condition.  We will remember in 2018.
Maybe 24 mill spread out over 10 years. That's 2.4 per year. More than that we're forced on Obamacare against their will
If by "improving" you mean trashing it, then I and many of my fellow native Texans agree.
Hint on improving: less is more. Taking something away is often better than adding to!
Hope you do well!
Like you improved the bill that gave away our internet privacy? Yeah, you improve things that's for sure! #wastedsenateseat
The key is to get government out of it.  Remove state lines for insurance companies.
@SenTedCruz please ensure that pre-existing rates dont sky rocket! I have & will support @GOP & U & #AHCA but dont screw me since I have CHF
Time to end the 60 vote minimum! get rid of it and bury the democrats in conservative legislation!
Sen Cruz listen to the people, the voters not your donors. If you do as they wish you'll get reelected.
I hope so Senator...God speed...
Sorry Senator, but Ive lost faith in all of you and come to terms with being priced out of the market for my lifetime. You cant change that.
Where is the pre-existing conditions. Does this effect Medicare?
I really wish @SenTedCruz is our Senator here at California.
Everyone. Read and comprehend the statement that was tweeted. It clearly states and uses the phrase, "to improve."
Lyin' Ted, just stop it.
AMEN!! please improve.
Improve it? The bill is ! No matter how much whipped cream you put on it, it will still be ... just  with whipped cream!
If you vote for anything even similar to this bill, I hope @BetoORourke takes your senate seat next year
Oh stop!  We can't handle more 'improvements'
And you'll be replaced come #2018SpecialElection 
@SenTedCruz You need to represent me and all #Texans by voting No on this horrible #healthcarebill! #AHCA #IamPreexistingConditions
Please let's not have a repeat in the Senate of the disastrous run up to the House finally passing this bill.
I like the boot licking u give trump after his attacks on ur father, wife, and all Americans. Such a spineless GOP crony
Vote for it in it's current form...plan on a new career.
go Beto! time to toss another $20 in the pot..
The senate is about to work your bill over.... they are gonna do more than improve it. It won't even be your bill.
My quality of care has gone down a steep hill since OBAMACARE started. Tired of the SIDELINE guessing game with my health!!!
Yes, that's what government is suppose to do. MAGA

How about showing some courage and protecting the rights of women and citizens with preexisting conditions?
He's on thin ice too!
I hope you do the job you were elected to do, exercise the will of the people you represent & vote NO when this bill comes to the Senate.
Yes everyone needs to have affordable, actual insurance not just smoke up our 
Wasn't aware serial killers cared about healthcare...

#ZodiacKiller
It's going to fail. Your bill sucks.
Sad that Dems loose so much that hey make up deluded conspiracies that the bill will be scraped. Pray for them!
Replace one broken gov't run system with another.  Great idea.
If by improve you mean scrap the whole thing & come up with something that won't kill hundreds of thousands of people then fucking go for it
Handle it !
COVER ALL PREEXISTING CONDITIONS AT FEDERAL LEVEL DO NOT ALLOW STATES TO WAIVER!
Your day of reckoning is coming.
As your constituent I urge you to vote NO! The list of pre-existing conditions is unacceptable and inhumane!
more affordable for shareholders of insurance companies you #Fraud who is a #wimp
I enjoyed voting against you in 2012. Looking forward to doing it again in 2018. Have a nice day.
What happened today was future #GOP suicide. Repulsive celebration of pure evil. Intent has been truly noted by the American people.
Wrong. 96% paying for 4% PEC so your numbers don't add up
Well your boy Trump will sign it.  He is the cheerleader for it and you cheerlead him.  #sad.
That disgusting bill! C sections and rape are preexisting cond ?! Terrible - Repubs you need to all grow hearts ! Maybe that can be added
Time to repeal and replace the nightmare known as trumpcare
#FullRepeal of #Obamacare means #FULLREPEAL!!!
#AHCA is not keeping your promise!
We want #FullRepeal, nothing less!
RT Please make Big Pharma stop gouging the American PPL by over charging Meds !
Please make as much improvement as U possibly can, we need 2 stop stripping our Old & Sick & Families from everything they own to get care !
Unless it's a full repeal then it isn't any better than what we have now. The GOP shouldn't have touched Obamacare if they can't repeal it.
It will never b a good bill until u remove Congress exemption&end the burden on middle class&middle age who support everyone. Sodisappointed
I still remember everybody's promise to REPEAL, PERIOD! CONSTITUTION DOESN'T COVER HC, REPEAL OBUMERCARE MEANS REPEAL, PERIOD!
Yep #FullRepeal will @SenTedCruz lead charge to simply repeal only?
Better check those want ads Ted.
@ChgocadChic Or perhaps just, I dunno, I'm spitballing here, but maybe -- REPEAL OBAMACARE?
Just repeal.
VERY WELL SAID ALWAYS THERE'S WAYS TOO IMPROVE IT.
Start by rejecting this horrendous bill passed by the House.
Massachusetts residents shouldn't be forced to subsidize sex change surgery and IVF coverage. Get rid of the lines! We need basic free plan.
Your promise was to fully repeal.  Please do so!!
@hectormorenco And Monsanto' poison, RoundUp, is used in most yards and public grass - causing illness and cancer? Analyses ?
Counting on you to push for full repeal of ACA Title 1 Regulations, @SenTedCruz #AHCA

Leaving Dem Party. However will NOT support any candidate voting YES for Trumpcare! Urging you to vote NO in senate. My zip 76109
Not likely to do that, but that is okay we are used to be screwed. But tell me will you have the same plan as Joe Public?
Good job Ted! Wasn't a fan during the election...but you are winning me over!
I wasn't a fan either but Ted is coming around. If his wall plan to help Trump gets passed he has my votes
Big Pharma and lobbyists must be snuffed out. Senate/Congress no longer makes millions while we die early deaths
Go get them Ted.
Older Americans, those retired with disease like diabetes, cannot afford to be stuffed in an unaffordable pool. They die early
By "improve the Bill" I hope you mean allow the healthcare market to be free from market regulation.
lol, what?
Can you add a full actual repeal in somewhere?
Get it DONE!
Its wonderful when the Republicans work together.  Thank you and everyone that made this happen.  Thanks to our PRESIDENT. We r back! USA
Pass the damn thing.
REPEAL NOT REPLACE
Smh. So you've gone from #FullRepeal to "improve the bill". Reminds one of your going from "vote your conscience" to "vote Trump". Sad day.
Yes, Fight the good fight & win for s. Good first step. Now release the Senate conservative warriors. 
Don't screw over the old folks...
Too late.
Hasn't passed yet...
Will any amendments senate makes have to go back to the House?
Lying Ted, gutless, clueless and immoral
YES!!!!  I know it will be in good hands with you, Senator Cruz.  We need more conservative elements put into it.
Deregulate, deregulate and then deregulate some more.
ugh Ted say it ain't so... Are you serious?
Thank you senator, for saving me 20k and allowing me to charge cash for my medical services since most people won't have insurance anymore.
AARP SAYS NO to this bill!  AMA SAYS NO to this bill. No discussion no debate ? WHY?
What happens when a Woman gets raped or molested by a family member. Where do they go for an abortion? @PPact
Yeah like putting language in there to exempt yourselves from having this as your healthcare option.
Yeah, here's how....INCLUDE YOURSELVES CONGRESS!!
When the cbo report comes out, your senate colleagues have to expose you as the conmen you real are
The new healthcare plans snakeoil. I voted republican, not because of the platform but because I thought you had half a brain.
For starters, read the bill
Lead on Patriot, lead on
Premeditated murder in your future.  You're constituents will remember at the polls. Shame on you.
You're so smart Ted, does this cover you?
Make sure you get this "congressional" exemption out of the bill. Congress should follow the same rules as everyday Americans #AHCA
I agree. Why do they get a break? And leading Americans by the nose all the time will start pissing people off.
The AHCA allows price discrimination against women who've been raped. #rapetax
The bill make my existence as a female a pre-existing condition, doubling my premiums (which I can already barely afford).
Please tell me how this bill helps anyone but insurance execs.
Will it cover you?
Make insurance companies great again!  Let the people die!
Time for you to swing a BIG stick!.
Improve it by trashing the whole thing, removing state barriers to ins companies, and let the market fix itself
Vote of no confidence
Very disappointing that you support this abortion of a bill.
Where is our nation-wide market? Where is the elimination government exchanges? Where is the honest full repeal of socialized medicine?
Get government OUT of the health care biz.
The only logical improvement is to repeal Obamacare and return healthcare to free market. Break the AMA Lobby monopoly on price & service.
That approach will not work. The free market has no place in healthcare.
What happened to fiscal conservatism and Christian values? This is just as much a moral issue as a fiscal one. #AHCA is bankrupt on both.
Thank you thank you. GOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP AND THE REPUBLICANS WHO VOTED YEA. #TRUMPCARE
I hope you don't lose your insurance. See how I care about you, even though you want others to suffer? That's empathy. U should try it.
I live in Tennessee  and I  already lost mine. But thank you and I hope you will see a a change as well. I have lots of concern for all.
Probably not the fault of ACA, but the companies involved. So fixing would be better than starting from scratch.
You'll improve this garbage #Trumpcare but not on working to repair the #ACA? You are the definition of party over people. Shameful
Get those Drug Companies & INSURANCE PROVIDERS in line - @SenTedCruz no room 4 lobbyists- drain the swamp
Still nowhere NEAR a full repeal as promised, my friend. Don't soil yourself with this long-term commitment to govt-controlled healthcare.
You get um, Ted.
These are straight up lies and you will lose your job to @BetoORourke who actually cares about Texan lives
This (!)
https://twitter.com/i/moments/860221491803287554 …

+=

#MayThe4thBeWithYou
#AHCA
#RepealAndReplace
#IAmAPrexistingCondition
Take Action

https://twitter.com/i/moments/860221491803287554 … 
The bill that hasn't been written and lacks a CBO score? That bill?
Whatever you did for the least of these, so did you do for me.  Matthew 25:40.
REPEAL THE DAMN THING
Up yours. Have you no shame?
It needs 2 go to senate - pre exist is included
No it's not.
Yes it is
