too bad he can't enter his constituents world. 
Met @tedcruz in Houston as he was getting off the plane. Great guy
darn, missed it. Guess I'll just wait for a #TownHall to see Teders.
looking good, guys!
can Watters World come to Israel?
I love waters world too
You've obviously never been a parent but are 8 years old yourself. @jessebwatters @SenTedCruz @WattersWorld
Cruz has time for everything, but his constituency. Teddy, we are gonna replace you.
Watters interviewed Cruz for 3 minutes at CPAC; your outrage is nonsensical.
Please.  My district has been on him since November.  No towhnhall so far.
GRANDPA MUNSTER PRIVILEGE don't tell Ted.I was gonna vote 4 him at one time ok, we can joke CMON
Ted Cruz's Biggest Liability Is Probably His Constant Lying
Cruz once called Trump a 'sniveling coward', now he's kissing his,,,,,,
love every thing about Waters!! Wish he would take Quans place on the Five
well, at least we have you to look forward to.
"that guy" needs to face his constituents!
We love you Jesse but be careful of your secret finger sign that shows your loyalty Bill Q'. Humor!
now THIS should be your profile pic
Little lying butt kissing Ted. What a disgraceful "Christian" only cares about advancing himself
The only part of @FoxNews worthy of my time! Love your shtick Jesse! :)
Wendys?
Ted a media whore that want show up for a town hall meeting?

What! Larry, Moe & Curly were Not Available! Your Ratings Heading South At Warp Speed! LOL! Stupid
what a breathless moment!  time stands still!  Hang'em High Ted...in the flesh!
on the DVR.  Can't wait to watch
tell him to meet with his constituents in TX and to stop hiding please
.    Ted Cruz is a very intelligent, honorable man. Can't wait for Watters World.
I'm so glad you're having him on - he's a good man and we need to see him more.
the delegates dahnald the delegates
Jesse Ted Cruz perjured himself in TX when he made out his Pres filing papers he was born in US...NOTTTTTTT
Don't drawn him in your world.hehe :P #ortellusaboutit
Take a crucifix with you just in case! Godspeed...
I will be in your World watching tonight!
I'll be watching!  Love Watter's World because, this is my World too!
well this should b interesting. Hopefully he can communicate to us as citizens, not politicians
love it. Look forward to the show. Ted Cruz is impressive and brilliant politician.
is Politics own Barney Rubble @WattersWorld says whatever Fred wants to hear*whoever Fred is* #WatchYourBackJack
Hmmm- Cruz, Watters
GO JESSE!
NOAA the weather balloon people have a SWAT team that goes after people that whistle at whales
U must end Does Ted wear 2 Watches Debate
Hope it's the new and improved non whiney Cruz
Excited to see it!
Nice, liked him at the start and liking him lots again!
wow can't wait!
as always we are looking forward to watching @WattersWorld tonight.Picking up pizza on the way home
looking forward to it. Make him say "this is your world"
Watters and Cruz in the same room? Wow. I will be tuning in. A must watch!
he is going to need a life preserver.
woo hoo!
Please ask Ted about his epic tweet war he won with Deadspin. @jessebwatters @SenTedCruz @WattersWorld #TwitterWar #WINNER
Thx 4 warning. No can do this guy at all.
, this should be fun, c if lyin' ted can tell the truth
...careful jesse...he could go snake..,hes done that b4
will be watching. Ask him about defunding sanctuary cities.
i like Ted pretty good fellow
