what the hell is he taking about, my young sister benefitted greatly from Obamacare. It's anecdotal, but still. 
my 20+ friends who couldn't find jobs voted for Obama so they could get insurance.
another example.
Medicaid expansion?
what about it?
get a job!
I have a job already. 
Then the 20 million on obozocare needs to get one
Cruz is not interested in facts or truth .....  He's from the party that makes up their own.  #AlternativeFacts
you haven't watch any of it. He's had fact after fact after fact. Bernie talking greed as gov gets paid. Insane
Hes desperate, his paycheck is getting questionable!
right! Mr 4 houses telling us the rich are holding us back. I'd like to see his bank statement
Right, and government needs to be eliminated from 90% of the pie!
this is a crime scene

why would Bernie not bring a single stat??!? did he not prepare?
Hes senile and has no business in gov at any level. Hasnt done anything for years and still paid, why start now
young people and older Americans need good health care there's nothing wrong with Obamacare Cruz would rather lie then give it
Ted is KILLING senile sanders!!! If this dont open peoples eyes, nothing will!
Poor Bernie, he can't even keep up with Ted.
LOL, he pretends to b completely clueless. Acts like obozocare is made up of paying citizens
You all know how health insurance works, right?  Or any insurance, for that matter???
This is bullshit, she can stay on your insurance until 26.
then use your own mantra and get a better job
go look at this nitwits TL for some unbelievable hypocrisy. She would be spit on by her own party.
and whats with the gofundme for surgery begging?
That's what Trumpers do when they are hypocrites who "stand on principle" and vote against their best interests
mortality rate for babies and children is because of abortion & drug addiction parents that our Goverment is allowing from 
Um... ted, as a youngin' I highly disagree. Obama care saved many of my friends' families...
Cruz is just a liar- more poor and low income ppl have med ins than ever before
These people don't care they haven't realized that their circle is small in comparison to the rest of United States
@SenTedCruz I have never been politically active in my life but as a voter in your district I will work hard to unseat you.
what is he talking about typical republican just say words which mean nothing or are just plain lies
Tell us again how wonderful everything was before Obamacare. Tens of millions without insurance and inflation at 9% per year.
I call BS they got care via clinics, free care, etc never refused at ER's. There was need 4 refusing insur. BC MC
the young is not paying for the old or less fortunate. I worked over 40 yrs as a nurse. Lost my cov.!became disabled . Paid
I took a whole class about this in NP school.  Eventually they/we would if ACA continued.
basically u are right. Just saying I paid into system into my soc. Sec. over 40 yrs. I paid my part . A cycle
You did my generation and kids' generation would be screwed if it contributed or we adopted socialized medicine
as many are in support of (Bernie fans) takes would have to increase 3x to support that.
@ShirleyFarmGirl sent Cruz add vets, SS, disabled Americans, 1 from pgh, PA being denied Hc dental,after hosp.gave me HA-MRSA
@SenTedCruz Please stop lying to people. The Republicans do not have a good health care plan to replace ACA. You never did.
They have couple of plans.They need they're HHS secretary confirmed.Dems fault. R's want to get it right
R's are the ones stirring the pot cup cake. Don't blame others for your shortcomings!
Ugh. Thought I had seen and heard the last of Ted Cruz. No such luck
Ted has been one of the most active members of the Senate this year. Texas will reelect him in 2018.
Glad I don't live in Texas.
I thank God that I do.
@SenTedCruz Agree!!
Just ONE example of why ACA MUST be repealed.
try getting ins for 21 year olds whose parent doesn't carry them on her own policy and you'll wholeheartedly agree
Still looking for an answer. You clearly don't like Obamacare. But how do you feel about ACA?
He's So out there, I remember why I was sick of the primaries, stop talking, Ted!
Bernie is so senile!  He has some new houses from the election donators! How does that feel Bern supporters?
Sen Cruz, Seniors have been hurt, too. Doctors keep dropping off Medicare after their rates have gone down
now you're interested in his opinions?
Wrong and stupid, Ted.  Stop lying.
Socialism sounds beautiful, everyone get insurance(not healthcare), equal pay, no poor, everything's free Does it work? NOT
Cruz was outstanding in the debate with Sanders!!!
says the guy who's wife has been paying for his insurance. Has Ted Cruz ever struggled for basics of life?
Wrong. Ted & family are on Obamacare because his staff had to be.
@SenTedCruz So, no, ACA helped us youngsters, & you want to end that?? Some "leader" you are
@SenTedCruz My husband, at 38, w/ pre-existing cond got back surgery only bc of ACA. He'd be in wheelchair by now.
@SenTedCruz Unless u look at the middle class, working poor. Our Premiums rose higher than our mortgage, had to let it go.
@bbguru711 -Ted Cruz, the guy is good!! Grandpa had some good arguments, but I think Ted Cruz won the fight!
@AspenTN No wonder Democrats ARE NOT jumping to defend ObamaCare factual data. #MAGA #MASA
try the middle class we are carrying most of the increases I can't get health care for 100 a month because we bust our asses
Bernie talks out of his ass. Ted, you brought the fact. You're true Hero unlike SOB Sanders wants to destroy our rich medicals.
Doesn't he realize that these 21 year olds he's referencing are covered under their parents' insurance until age 26 cuz of ACA?
boom  
Cruz is so desperate to stay relevant
lying lounge lizard.
nope.
@SenTedCruz --im middle aged and hurt by it.   Even tho i have insurance, bummercare still costed me and my wife.
#FullRepeal
LOL, Cruz doesn't care about anyone. Health care and clean water should be a right for all people
you have the right to it...just pay for it, dont look to me to pay for higher taxes for you
ain't that TGE truth the obama care is killing people
How are young people with pre-existing conditions hurt by not having to worry about losing insurance. That's a part of ACA too.
@SenTedCruz you go...Ted!
This is simply untrue. How are young people hurt by getting to stay on their parents insurance till 25? That's part of ACA too.
Way to go @tedcruz for telling that damn socialist what for! #MAGA
My poor wife couldn't get a full time job because the employer didn't want to cover the insurance under obamacare
in many cases paying for the Shit Obamacare unaffordable by employer
Sounds like a lie to me. Mostly because it's not true.
I'm in FNP school full time and have to work full time just to have insurance that doesn't cost an arm and a leg. #losingmymind
@LuvMyAmerica My son bought policy through exchange they took premiums never paid his bills Insurer filed bankrupt
REPEAL IT
Let's just say that I believe anything Cruz says as much as I believe pigs fly.  Don't care.  Didn't listen and won't.
Your loss.
Fake News @CNNPolitics TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz All smoke & mirrors people. ob☭m☭C☭re is a TAX & about reallocation of country's wealth
Good job CNN on debate.  Cant wait for the tax debate.
yeah it sucks BUT if dems had there way it would be single payer, but it's not thanks to the Republicans
working poor are punished by #Odumbocare. Forced to pay monthly premiums on insurance with outrageous deductible = no coverage
@SenTedCruz I really disagree that it hurts the young people most we are in our 60 and pay over 5000 a month ins. Not fair
@LuvMyAmerica  Yeah! 26 here! Im actually sick and NEED HEATHCARE Obama care fucking screwed me over!
That's just flat wrong. Either Sen. Cruz is uninformed or he's lyin'
@SenTedCruz Ted's not wrong but Obamacare hurts EVERYONE except a tiny group of ppl who already qualify for Medicare/Medicaid.
I've benefited from the ACA greatly. Stayed on parents plan until 26 then because I paid subsidised plans for $65-89 a month.
Thank those who were forced to subsidize your plan.
yeah I will. It's why even now that I have a job that I get insurance through I have no issue supporting the ACA
@SenTedCruz Working middle class!
great case for single payer as Obama first proposed. Rolled over to insurance and big pharma.
@SenTedCruz maybe they're doing it wrong
and working people
Wrong. There is a much larger group,, those who can't afford the GOP-deregulated price gouging by Big Pharma
@SenTedCruz wrong my niece got great insurance after college for $99 a month silver plan her doctor
@SenTedCruz If you doubled taxes on billionaires they would not really notice. Could pay a lot of bills.
pay your own bills
Nothing you have said is looking out for the working & middle class & people w/pre-exist conditions to have health insurance.
why argue he is a selfish man
@SenTedCruz TED CRUZ is an AWESOME debater!!!!!
This was what is known professionally as a "misguided statement" (brought to you by special interest groups)...
@SenTedCruz don't let Bernie keep pivoting to single payer. Have him defend the plan he voted for. OBAMA Care!!!!!!!
cruz the son of Satan is back
@SenTedCruz i wouldn't call myself young. But i am hurting bc of ObamaCare. Just repeal it already
Trump was right about calling Cruz Lying Ted
liar
he said young then only brought up a 30 yr old? Plus our government subsidized. But ultimately conglomerate insurance problems.
#theunityproject
@SenTedCruz Cruz may be arrested for beating up an old man on national television.
