And it ranks 49th in maternal mortality. That is mothers who die during childbirth! Priorities people!
That stat is likely overinflated due to all the pregnant Mexicans who illegally cross the border to give birth in U.S. hospitals.
Regardless, our rate is on par with Croatia and Iraq-war torn countries. We have no excuse!
Could it be that the pregnant late term illegals w/ the most medical issues are the ones inflating the #'s? We'd have to see the stats....
@SenTedCruz Watch out Gov the liberals are moving to Texas to turn it RED.
Don't you mean...turn it BLUE?
Tx - 41 in education, 25 in household income, 38 in QOL, 45 in opportunity. Great place to live if you aren't working class
Good news bad news! Good for jobs bad if all new Texans bring their politics from liberal states with horrible economies and high regulation
Yes. Please do not come here to make Texas the next California!
And ranks at the bottom for education & healthcare. Stop gloating over the lousy job you are doing. We will vote you out.
@tedcruz I think you forgot about education and the mortality rate for women. So not winning there in Texas.
You know he's a Senator on the federal level, not the Governor or member of the state legislature, right?
they do have one thing in common. Both are aligned to a corrupt administration.
I would say something, but...
no..... Not so. Obama left in january.
a troll sighting!
@tedcruz DON'T MESS w/TEXAS! THANKS to ALL CONSERVATIVES & ESPECIALLY the BRAVERY & WISDOM of Gov. ABBOTT TX is CLEANING HOUSE!!!
This is not true. When wealthy people get tax breaks they spend 3 more months in Dubai. The new GREEDY BILLIONAIRES.
So why the push for a bathroom bill that will hurt businesses?
It will hurt the business that lets men in girls bathroom! Target?
Yup, people usually go to Target for the bathroom visits
No but WONT go because men gong in with LITTLE GIRLS! Is that to hard understand?geeze!
Too.  Too hard to understand.
Yet, funding for public education is not important.  Teachers are not important. That will be Texas' undoing.
Excuse me, it is when ALL TEXANS SUCCEED that Texas succeed!  Get your priorities straight! Justice, health, human rights, love are succeed!
Texas is a great place if your willing to work for it! Not as many freebies if your a bum though!
When the People of Texas succeed Texas business succeed. You have it backwards Sir.
People run the businesses. Businesses don't run alone. Just like cars don't cause accidents. So of course. Business
What NC is going through with their hate bills, is what you are assigning to Texas with your own version of hate. Please, stop.
Just restoring sanity and common sense!
Sadly, Ignorance will not lead Abbott or you to either sanity or common sense.
And we're 26th in gun rights. Time to make Texas...Texas again!
Please Say No to NAFTA ,It Allows Companies to give Texas Jobs to Mexico.
I hope you seek Higher Office!
Yay TX! Now if we can get Feds to do something BIG, we might just have success NationWide.  Well, except for CA&NY. 1 day they will get it?
Good work Govs Perry & Abbott!
@ a 35% fed corporate tax on companies your tryin to paddle upstream without oars till that's fixed... :( @realDonaldTrump
In reality they only pay about 21%.
isn't it enough that ALEC writes the bills for you guys?  Now they get to rate their favorite states?
I'm with you
You   Uber??? Privacy-touting email service Unroll.me gets caught in Uber backlash
Texas is wonderful! But Austin is NOT. My cousin says its a very unamerican artsy anti capitalism far left environment similar to Europe
Proud to be a Texan!
Yes Texas is a great place for rich companies to come here and pollute the land, air & water while exploiting workers & paying low wages!
But demoralizes its teachers and public education.  Yes, we're doing a great job.  Oh, lacking in health care.
Bradley, if they weren't giving out handouts maybe the poor folks would get up and find themselves a job or find a better one than McDonalds
Hot Damn!!
So true.
Keep making Texas great again Governor! Texas supports you & wants you reelected over & over! Stars are bright, deep in the heart of Texas!
Texas is #43 in national educational ranking, #50 nationally for healthcare access and affordability, but we are #1 in executions.
And Texas has the highest maternal mortality rate in the developed world.
I am Texas! @tedcruz @SenTedCruz
Great job
By the way, if you don't like Texas, the fence keeps people OUT! You can leave anytime you want to !
Is it me, or did Texas get a LOT bigger? :-)
All the naysayers: Texas #1 in business!
Looks good! Is it electric?
Yes, this is how the wealthiest Americans think it works. LOL!! 
Forever Logical, this Texan is retired,  never made more than $31,000 yr.  Started out as divorced mom of 3 making $9,600. WORKED my way up.
Good for you. It has nothing to do with my point.
Love Texas.. especially Fort Worth.
How much do these business prosper because of extremely cheap illegal immigrant labor?
#2 in illegal immigrant population
who do Texans get to start a law vehicle gets pulled over no insurance gets towed
That's how it should be
Well You sure brought out the Whining Libtards on this one
Still waiting for you to #SuckSeed
Number 1 in disenfranchised voters, gerrymandering and ensuring litigation can never be brought against the State for either.
Thx Gov for All U Do.We give u Props on being Great Gov.We notice Keep up Great Work k.GOD BLESS TX
Texas ranked 38th for quality of life. So yeah congrats on your GDP ranking. Isn't translating into much meaning.
What do you know. A state historically ran by members of the GOP creating a successful state.
Our business success is due to illegal immigrant labor.
Where do we rate with Public School funding. @DFWIndivisible @indivisibletxjc @IndivisibleTeam
LOVE OUR GOV..!
Keep Texas strong. Ban Sharia law and associated barbaric ideology
Texas: an ideal place to view the total solar eclipse of April 8, 2024 -- a HOT political year.
Maybe sooner than we think! Just saying.

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
Where did you get your math, trump "university". Texas #"1" after, CO,UT,CA,OR.. I believe you get to about #9. @BetsyDeVos type of counting
Economic Performance Rank: 1st.  It's right there at the top of the page bud.
If Texas is so pro-business, why are HB 3287 & SB 2083 stalled in committee? Let production breweries sell to go!
When you show pic of TX ecliplse can U eclipse more of CA and less of the Heartland? Lol #MAGA
God bless Texas, and clean up weird Austin fascists OUT!
Map is drawn to scale
Sure, as long as you don't mind business success coming at the expense of people's safety and protection of the environment.
source for claim?
He's the governor OK now?
Great job
