Ted Cruz is a real patriot!
Ted Cruz is only concern about Ted Cruz and getting his name in the press.  He could give a shit about you Jeff
Many are liking the tweet about Cruz. Those who stand for the Constitution and fight to maintain it ARE PATRIOTS. Cruz does that very well!
Ted Cruz is only concerned about sell you false hope so he can get a better political position.  the guy is a charlatan selling snake oil
What about war on drugs since 1971? Where and how much $$$$$
Without the 'war on drugs" there would be a lot more drug problems - addicts, sickness, death. War on drugs is much better than no war!
The "war on drugs" affects the lives of millions of minorities because of how shit the laws are...laws written by people like TED CRUZ!
Those who don't see drugs/poison getting into the hands of kids as a bad thing are part of the problem. Drugs ruin lives.
Work on term limits!
@USTermLimits HAS to go through! Anyone that blocks it is part of the hamster wheel swamp!
Ted you don't have to be melodramatic about doing your job
I agree with the senator let them bums pay for our wall it's a great idea, the President needs to really think about this, grrrreat idea Ted
Thank God someone in DC is. God bless you, Senator.
Please, let this inspire the rest of our do-nothing Republicans! 
#WastedMajority
Bahaha
#kurds love u #TedCruz  keep it up!!
Go Ted! Sure glad we have you!
This is a true Leader
THANK YOU  TED CRUZ! MAY GOD HELP YOU FULFILL THE MOST NEEDED PROMISE!  TRUMP'S BORDER WALL !SAVING LIVES HELPING FAMILIES STOPPING DRUGS
1200 miles is why Sen Cruz understands the problems in TX with this issue first hand. He could be like the Dems:"Nothing to see here"
@SenTedCruz I believe Cruz is trying but there is no trust for any senator or representative in Washington! Completely destroyed trust!
You're such a fraud @tedcruz
I am really liking @tedcruz!! Keep this up and run 2020
I always liked him wanted him b4 Trump
@GeorgiaDirtRoad @tedcruz good liar.
You go Ted!
Ted Cruz is faithful to the party and the people....great job Ted.
You mean you deliver on promises to corporations and the rich.
Ted, I believe you could use some help 'cause nothing is getting done.
Now now !
I believe that Ted Cruz is a great statesman for our Great big Texas.
Me Cruz did you read the health care bill? How many read it? It should be read out loud to all of you no matter how long it takes
I'm proud of Ted Cruz knowing full well that President Donald J Trump needs him and all Americans to be behind
I mean, he wouldn't just say stuff to advance his political career, right?
Luv this idea. Hooray for Ted Cruz. Build the wall.
Have you ever been to the southern border of TX? Roads would need to be built to allow construction vehicles to access some of these areas.
Rebecca, our roads are better than many other states. And, heavy equipment will clear paths to the site!!!
I'm not talking about highways; I'm talking about building roads in remote spots like Big Bend where there is currently no access.
Just today Mick Mulvaney mentioned that they were going to put up a wall in a place that already had roads for access. Get it?
I agree!
CIA & CARTELS run that area bringing drugs & sextrafficking contract killings beheadings enough is enough the wall is significant on stance
I r us 1
Keep up the Good Work on getting Our Border Wall Built!!! We need to keep Our Promises to the American people!!! THANKS!!!
Just get it done please. NO PHASE 2 AND 3. REPEAL AND REPLACE IN ONE PHASE.  TALK TO LAURA INGRAM.
I love this idea!
I am very proud of him and I have completely changed my mine about him!
Never thought I'd see the day that Cruz would step up and help POTUS move forward on any of his plans for the country. Ryan is shadow Govt.
The wall will cost $10 billion. The remaining $4 billion can be invested in Veterans and Social Security. Problems solved.#LatinosWithTrump
Build a wall @POTUS @RealJamesWoods @realDonaldTrump
HELP PRES TRUMP WITH CONVINCING THE REP TO HELP GET THE THINGS PASSED.  THE DEMS WON'T HELP
But we have Obama, Clinton and liberal judges crying foul at every turn. Clinton Obama using lib judge minions to do dirty work.
P.S.- Our @POTUS should consider you for the next SCOTUS seat too !!!
Your a good man, Ted. Liked your idea on how to fund the wall, and Tweeted @POTUS  on it. This way Mexico does pay for the wall after all !
Yeah right another good talker
Keep it up, Ted!
@SenTedCruz : Great~ but Spend a FEW 0f those minutes and get Obamacare REPEALED and tax reform DONE !!
Ted will you support n Vote for Trump in 2020? (((Ted for Pres. 2024)))
Glad someone IS..flip flopper is not a sure bet Mr Im a GLOBALIST and a nationalist.. @POTUS Trump read ur talk points memo pls
He sleeps a lot.
First time from me agree with Cruz if bad people are making us live with bad neihbor and have a lot of money use it to make the wall
I don't give a rats azz who thinks diff, I always have thought very highly of ted. No nonsense, solid. I still think he'd be a great pres
I'm glad you are working with @POTUS to get things done in the senate! You are our counter attack to idiot Schumer, who must go.
Should be doing the same thing to muslims sell their  assets and use the money to deport all of them back where they came from
GOD BLESS YOU for who ever supports the patriot way of America build the wall keep muslims out
The wall isn't going to help it damn thing organized crime is organized crime and it's not going to stop with some fucking stupid wall
@TRUTHLOVERTOO @tedcruz
 I believe one way or another if WE AMERICAN CITIZENS want that wall We will get it. We need it china has 1
, go after the #soros money too. Build the wall
@_OneNewMan @tedcruz Agree!
Thank you
I am thankful Cruz has come around. He can b a lot of help.
@SenTedCruz Thank you sir for all your are doing for not just us Texans, but for all Americans! God bless you sir.
They better honor that promise
Taking names of everyone who doesn't
Cruz is working hard!
@FARC_EPueblo ne of the richest terrorist groups in the world can help you with the wall > @IvanMarquezFARC @piedadcordoba
Still think he's a snake, but his method of payment would be poetic justice. At least he's trying....
SOOOOOOOOOO wish you are our President Ted!!!
Thank you, @tedcruz 
This is MY Senator and it sucks to be the rest of you except UT
You have earned my respect by supporting our Pres!
TED YOU ARE A STAND UP MAN THANKS FOR GETTING THE PRESIDENTS BACK AND LISTING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE GOD BLESS AMERICA
Media's so messy & instigating. Every time they interview T. Cruz, they try really hard 2 get him 2 badmouth & trash DT, but he's too smart.
TRUMP'S PROMISES - VOTERS' DEMANDS were NEVER for TED CRUZ PROMISES
Evil CANADIAN Father of NAU
CHEATER CHEATER!
SEALED RECORDS from TEXANS
I admire Ted Cruz so much. He's working day & night trying 2 make Repubs u/stand they have 2 deliver on their promises 2 the American ppl.
Paul Ryan should do the same but he won't-get him out
one way to get rid of idiots is to get rid of liberals. Go Donald Trump go. Best president for years that includes Cruz.
They can do it

What no one talks about is that this $ is already being spent. If used for wall,it will be a budget cut elsewhere. https://www.reference.com/government-politics/happens-confiscated-drug-money-917fc5b0adc157d8 …
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz maybe he is JESUS
Ugh What a liar.
You should remember democrats live their lives on a lower level than republicans. Lower levels of oxygen
Thank You!!
That is a negatory, slicko -- that money is reserved for Mar A Lago expenses! @TrumpGolf
#OurPromises a very telling statement
An alliance I wholeheartedly agree with
Thank you Mr. Cruz....
@glenbeck and his pedophile underground railroad took you our of the running. @tedcruz
Full of it
and I"m moving to the Moon next week.  Is anyone in the GOP rooted in reality?
I agree with Cruz, we should always use monies gained from illegal activity to benefit our country and in this case "better border security"
You should add bounty to the bill and let America's bounty hunters go after illegals and boring then to justice.
Thank you @tedcruz. At least we have one good man working to deliver on promises.  @realDonaldTrump does not & conservatives don't forget.
Funny, it takes a person that @realDonaldTrump attacked to lead the way for mexicans/Mexico to pay for the wall that was promised @hunterrdf

Send National Guard to the Southern Border and fill the gaps while we wait for the Wall to be built.
Keep working hard
Conservatism-the intense fear that somewhere, somehow, someone you think is inferior is being treated as your equal.Take the gas, ted.
I am glad to see he has stepped up & is leading the fight!
@BretBaier if we are not paying to prosecute , jail , house and feed drug dealers & we will save enough to pay for the wall .
"Our" such an exclusive club. If 66% of America voted for Trump, I can see your point, but all he got was 23%. Consider everyone else!
@BretBaier we are counting on established republicans to help our president keep his promises ! No Guts NO GLORY . Be strong .
I'll accept his help, but still don't trust this dude.
LOVE this idea!!
Yeah right! Where is O'care repeal!!? @HouseGOP
Texas doesn't want that wall @tedcruz
ted is worried about ted.  One thing Trump hadright was lyingTed! Your days are numbered in office.  Tick Tock
Sounds good @tedcruz hope u follow thru.
Yes 100% Thank you very much and some people will have a job to build it. It will be good for the children as well. Think of your children.
No, Ted. You fellate conservative special interests while giving reach-arounds to corporations. You work for Texans, not them.
Sounds like a smart way to pay for the Wall. Use a cartel's forfeitures to do it!
who puts stock in anything Mr.Haney says?
Republicans have a president who wants to secure the border so work with him and get it done.
LOVE this idea. Such an easy solution and well deserved by the American people that were plagued by this drug smuggler.
"I do not like green eggs and ham..."
Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight
Using seized drug money to reinforce the border. Brilliant!! Makes me proud to be a Texan.
Call your congressmen. I am mad that angry criminals and THEIR families& friends get pity OVER citizens& voters rights
Way to go Cruz
Call
Thank you Mr Cruz you are a true patriot. God bless you for your efforts.
free campaigning! wall...3rd century idea. use chapo money to do some good like ed. but ur friends can't build & make money
has shown to be an asset to the struggle of #MAGA ... he's not just talk!  Good Job Ted!  Keep fighting!!!
I know you are!!! Thank you!!!
Thank you Sir. You were my first choice for President. Hopefully in 8 yrs America will be saying President Ted Cruz
Thank you Senator Cruz. I support your efforts.
Cruz 2020
You have our support Senator Cruz. Get it done 
Ted Cruz is an asset to the GOP! Wish others would follow his example!
It appears your spending plenty of time in the cookie jar and not every free moment of your time working for American Voters.
Friggin Brilliant!!!
#Is this crooked Ted talking.#Trump loves you Ted lol
Don't bring #water from #laketexoma!! We don't want #invasivespecies in more #lakes resulting in #moremoney spent! #desalination #RainMaker
Fox and Cruz working hand in hand to give total control to wealthy elite before poorly educated catch on to the facts.
Ok,here's anothr LOSER. If u can find Chapo's $,good luck.But we know @realDonaldTrump s hiding Slush Fund $$,why don't u use tht 4 ur wall?
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz Thank You for continuing to oppose the #WashingtonCartel and being a great Steward of your elected office.
El chapo's money going to b the Wall is a great idea.
I've had it with Republicans. Trump backed down on Wall to appease Dems. Now they threaten shutdown. Screw them go for it all President
blame the Dems. You're idiot Trump has a majority yet he can't even get his own party to agree.
Lying Ted ha ha
@scm021374 @tedcruz lol  he has know idea what needs to be done for us
Thank God for @tedcruz & @realDonaldTrump! Believe there is a conspiracy by media & liberal democrats to destroy country for money/power
#Godspeed @SenTedCruz to #maga
@Trumpster4Trump @tedcruz Thank you Sen Cruz.
Hi Rich.
Who is he again?!
thank you @tedcruz 
Don't worry about the wall, Mexico is picking up the tab. #factsmatter
Ted Cruz Excellent Idea It's a win win on all sides !
Sorry but I don't trust Cruz I think he's trying 2 build himself up & position himself 4 another run maybe 2020. I don't trust any of em
.power to you @tedcruz  keep on fighting for democracy , but watch for the slimy left .
Why does no one point out that we "fund" over 40 MILLION (& growing) illegals & anchor babies- because there IS no wall?  Cost?  $TRILLIONS
Ted didnt even stop children from Mexico being bused in daily to Tx to go to school , and giving instate tuition to illegals.
Good idea. But we have to be careful about forfeiture.  It is a double edged sword
Thank you Ted Cruz
Maybe you could start impeachment hearings on these rogue judges legislating from the bench.
Cruz doesn't have the power to do that. Only the House of Representatives can start the impeachment process.
Cruz is a kiss ass! What man allows another man (Trump) to insult his wife and then have dinner & act like it's no big deal?? Shame on him!!
A Christian man and a patriot who cares more for America than himself.  
Humility > Pride
Cruz-Lee > Trump-McConnell-Ryan
I definitely regret not voting for him now in the primary. But I def think he'd make a great senate majority leader. #maga
Great Idea the WALL will get Built one way or Another
Lying Ted, you are working on your personal agenda, your arrogance doesn't allow you to care about what Americans really want
An excellent proposal that is common sense. Use the resources of drug cartels, not those of U.S./Mexican taxpayers, to build the wall.
@LisaEtter1 @tedcruz Good man that Ted Cruz!
Thankyou Sen.Cruz,appreciate all you're doing for Trump agenda as it benefits America. Democrats&Rinos are an embarrassment to our country.
Thank you
Keep the heat on Ted...we are watching & you are winning...thanks.
Great idea...all confiscated assets should be used to build the wall and guard our borders on land, water, and air.
Thanks Ted!
He is wiggling,working his way into running for President in 2020. Do. It trust this man.
Ted going to take the lead of Republican party
Me encanta esta aptitud de este Senador Genuino representante no tiene egoísmo vemos representado al Hispano que bien
Promises made are promises kept, otherwise, they are lies. Make a promise to your wife and not keep it. She will call you out on the promise
@cics33 @tedcruz that would be great! that is really good common sense! no liberal idiots would have thought of that!
Thank you and we will not forget your support and fighting to save our country.
TED CRUZ wake up over 60% of Texas does NOT want the wall. Over 70% of border town people do NOT want the wall. Listen to your people!
He's really stepped up and is now showing the country his strength am loyalty to americans.. you should be proud ..
Thank you @tedcruz
What are people who voted 4 DJT thinking when they hear "we're delivering what we promised"? A blind man could see, HIS promise was NOT to U
BULL SHIT
Seriously doubt it....seriously.
Except a wall is as moronic as is our president. When do walls work? When the person on the other side is lazy...
And eat Texas queso....very important promise you need to deliver on.  One that you were born to do!
Where was this Ted Cruz on campaign trail ?
@SenTedCruz As long as your loyalty remains to Trump, we remain with you! Dont screw this up!
Cruz is a confrmd fraud nd scum
THE ONLY WAY AMERICA WILL BE ABLE TO HEAL AND GROW IS TO TAKE DOWN GEORGE SOROS AND OBAMA THEY ARE DESTROYING THIS COUNTRY& NEED BE ARRESTED
SUCKERS!!!
It will never happen the slugs in DC will keep it!
Ted Cruz is a lying ass
You see a democrat can just work days. Republicans are not leaders.
"Dahnald!, DAHNAALHD! They got to ypu didn't they Dahnald?Do not not fear my friend... my delegates and I are working to free you from them"
Doin' a great job, Senator Cruz! Make 'em pay!
Don't threaten us! We're the ones who pay your salary. Leave the ACA alone! We don't want your stinking ACHA if u like it so much u keep it
