If you don't vote for repeal I will not vote for you.
The word "if" is deceiving in this case.  All indications are pointing to much higher costs.
All in Congress  and Senate  must use the same ins. As we have that should  work
Cruz is a Liar,Trumpcare is just a tax cut for rich.he gets huge donations from the insurance industry, along with all other top GOP members
That IF at the beginning of the sentence should be fully capitalized, bolded & underlined.

Thank you
@Blackdi51264299 It's not what we want- #FullRepeal Ted, that's it! #Tcot #Conservatives
It's not what YOU want! You're in the MINORITY
Please don't let Trumps sick mind dictate the way you represent your constituents here in Texas. He does not like Hispanics like you!
As a Dem, I agree low premiums & deductibles are a win win. Must also stop letting insurance companies dictate my doctor's decisions.
What good are lower premiums if there is nothing covered
What good is everything covered if premiums/deductibles are astronomical?
Trump is sabotaging the ACA by threatening not to pay the subsidies,this has put the ins market in a risky position so they raise premiums
GOP needs to do what's best for the ppl! Not what Ins companies want! Voters know how much $$ Ins Co's give to GOP!
You're so right! Both of our stupid senators are on the list!
Lower premiums ONLY for the healthy! Raise premiums hard for those that really need health insurance. A conman as DT
No you mean those that need healthcare. Insurance premiums go down when you have a competitive market and lower risk of payout.
Actually, the rest of the most cost effective healthcare system is the single-payer system. Health care 1/3 the cost
Respectfully that is completely false. If you separate price (allocation mechanism) from the consumer you end up with less supply & demand
Respectfully, we are not talking widgets, we are talking healthcare. All advanced nations can do single-payer system.
All products & services are subject to the same law of supply and demand. You are arguing for social equality, not max efficient allocation.
You lack necessary empathy to view healthcare as something more than a commodity.
Maximizing healthcare production efficiency through a free market that allocates the service through price is the empathetic position sir.
@BetoORourke for Senate 2018!
Please  help me. I PAY 600 a week in ins. 7,000 deductible 25% in taxes 8 % state taxes. I am 63 i will be homeless  at this rate
Whose premium r u lowing ? Yours?
Yeah Ted. Will you struggle like we will? I doybt it. We struggle every day just to pay regular bills. This is cruel.
Please vote NO on the Skinny Repeal Bill.  That is no way to proceed on this critical issue and it does not lower premiums.  Please vote NO!
Here is the skinny VOTE NO ! https://press.aarp.org/2017-07-27-AARP-Voices-Objections-to-Senators-on-So-Called-Skinny-Health-Care-Bill … OR people will protest in the streets, your offices !
it would be... but your bill(s) does not do that.
Instead of blaming wayward Republicans focus on why 
NOT ONE SINGLE DEMOCRAT
will commit to repealing the Obamacare nightmare.
#FullRepeal
Fed Gov shouldn't be involved in Ins choice
Insurersstop complicating policy coverage
Nauseated because Fed Gov over reach makes me sick
Your method of lowering premiums is to reduce coverage to worthless. It won't address why healthcare costs grow faster than inflation.
Shame on you Trump puppet!! We want impeachment now!! But you are silent! We will vote you out along with rest of the silent ones.
It is time take the profit motive out of healthcare.  "Single payer" or "Medicare for all" is only fair solution for USA.
Just a reminder you represent the people of Texas. Not the health care companies. Lower premiums don't exist if you can't get coverage
He represents special interest and insurance companies, not Texans.

DO NOT REPEAL ACA.  FIX ACA!  You have had 7 yrs and still no real plan. #KeepKidsCovered
A win fror democrats leads to more socialism  and less  "we the people" but more "we the government and are here to help"
Is it a win for the 22 Million Americans without healthcare?

we are terrified of losing our health care
Cheap ins=bad ins=income based Quality of coverage. 30k folks to 70k income "F"ed again. High tax and no benefits, I smell a revolution
I love this hypocrisy xof GOP , Mr, @SpeakerBoehner was right you are #SATAN wearing sheep costume
Yeah, except this bill won't. #killthebill
I sure miss "President Ted Cruz".  This administration is a clown car in a circular firing squad.  Keep fighting Ted! CRUZ CAMPAIGN MEMBER!
If the GOP repeals healthcare without a GOOD replacement it will be bad news for Texans I will be very upset with you!
CBO just scored the “skinny repeal” bill. 16M Americans would lose insurance + 20% spike in premiums #TrumpCare
Get rid totally ACA. We are not God and provide for every person. Wish u n gov get on same plans as the Americans who vote u n!
Not if you are providing shredded plans. What good is insurance if it doesn't cover anything? You use these plans and then sell it to me!
Leftist doesnt care about the health standards of Americans, they just want to  judge how you should live your life to THEIR standards #maga
It's time for you to introduce a constitutional amendment for congressional term limits.
Here is what people are not getting. Career politicians live in the same neighborhoods, children to the same schools as government workers.
The only people that cheered in Washington that were not Senators were the government workers that get to keep their jobs from a repeal.
IF you were lowering premiums AND providing the same or better care. You're not. 

People of have to see the details. The big picture.
NO--the win is affordable quality healthcare.
Looking at the wrong side of the equation. Cost drive premiums. Control cost thru competition. Get Govt out of health care totally!
Lies
Lies
Big lies
How about lowering the cost of healthcare for everyone? Premiums are a function of the cost!
A win for us is to run the democraps outa town on a rail, need to get ins and govt out of our bodies, prices come down with competition
Liar Hope you have a job back up plan#Americans are coming in 2018 and 2020 to Put the GOP in the unemployment lines#lie to us#you will pay
Didn't happen before O'Care. Why wd u think it's going to happen now. Maybe for awful coverage.

CONGRESS,SUBPOENA ALL AMERICAN'S WHO VOTED FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP OR STOP RUSSIAN WITCH HUNT
Not government lowering, government getting out of the way. Government is expensive
Please do not let trump, fire sessions during recess, so he can then replace him without a vote,  and next step he will fire Bob Mueller.
Liar ! It helps insurers- provide lousy plans at lower cost that cover nothing- just like before ACA @JohnCornyn @txlege @TXDemWomen #resist
Yes Senator Cruz. It would be a win for everyone!
If you cared that much about "everyone," you would have stood up to the guy who called you Lyin' Ted instead of sucking up to him!
@SenTedCruz Protect ALL American people by KEEPING a healthcare system that COVERS EVERYONE. Don't Repeal healthcare
#SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
The ACA provides insurance, not care, to those who cannot acquire insurance elsewhere. You keep lying about it being forced on people.
Your plan is NOT what you claim it to be. You're deliberately omitting critical facts
So then, why are you doing the opposite?
The question should be though, are you subsidizing premiums with tax revenues?  Where is the money coming from?
Senate NOW debating REPEAL! Then Two Years to FIX O-care MESS. GOP's LAST chance to Keep PROMISE: REPEAL AND REPLACE https://www.facebook.com/mike.kersmarki 
should be win 4 everyone 2 have insurance,especially,through no fault of their own,the most sickly! It's a human responsibility!
Except you're a LIAR.
Keep up the great work.  We need this as a win!!!  Thank you for all you do, or try to do!!!  We need all of the conservatives to step up!!
Sir , Dems will never be happy. The hatred they have for America is off the charts. My neighbor was a dem until this election. Now repub.
GOP Health Care Plan: steal 32 MIL ppl insc. coverage, gut Medicaid-harms kids, disable,Vets & Seniors. Gives wealthy historic huge tax cuts
You have ZERO understanding of health care economics.
Bully, who throws a friend under the bus? Only mean and selfish people like trump and you say nothing? Where is your backbone?
Why would any politician vote against buying insurance across state lines? Competition = lower premiums. Plain and simple.
I think "moderate republicans" should just call themselves democrats.
"If" being the keyword in that sentence. And that's not what you're doing. #SaveACA

Here it is, the answer to everything, lmao,  
I find it funny that the man that looks like Casper the ghost in makeup has a Snapchat ghost on his profile pic. You are comedy gold, sir.
Y don't YOU get it Ted..LOWER premiums has NOTHING to do w/ my quality healthcare..YOU do not have the courage to talk q/ Warren Buffett.
Just don't hike premiums on people over 50. Not fair.
A Fine start, but focus on lowering healthcare Costs and insurance premiums will go Way down.
But it's NOT repeal and replace
cheap doesn't mean good. Tell me you are critically thinking about this bill? Please tell me you have a brain.
not if care is substandard, that dog won't hunt Senator
LIAR!! I believe aarp,American Medical association and American Nurses Asociation over you any day!!!!
What are you pay for your healthcare?
No We ain't buyin' the lies no more .#reapealandrrplacecruz. .@SenTedCruz.#FixACA
Your complaints about ACA revolve around premium costs. If you are being truthful then REPAIR it. Repeal is a heartless cowards way out.
If if if
Lower premiums on policies that DO NOT COVER illnesses makes no sense at all!
You need to look at reducing the age of coverage from 26 to 24.  If you're 26 and still need financial support from mommy you have a problem
How dare you be logical !! OR for the people ! Democrats love to spend and tax. Keep it up...
If Cruz is involved only this dominion messiah's adherents will likely win. So disgusting even his daughter avoids his touch.
Yo Teddy how's the #TermLimits amendment coming??
How will premiums be lowered?
How would we know? Let's see some open debate.
Come on Ted. Lower premiums? Goal is improved healthcare. You know there is a trade off. Make all my healthcare tax deductible at least.
Lower premiums by repealing the whole damn thing! We are behind you, Ted
how about medicare for all, then people can choose and pick if they want any supplement from any insurance company. health care is a right.
But you're not lowering premiums. You are allowing insurance companies to sell a product labeled "health ins" that doesn't cover health care
Lower premiums=less coverage, that's bad. #betofortexas

If you lower premiums.  That's the key.  Can you guarantee lowering premiums for seniors while still supplying Cadillac coverage?

How do you know prems will go down?  Ins co's, like any co, maximizes profits.  We need public hearings to hear this from ins co's.
Why are you lying?
Absolutely. Except 4 the other people, conservative, moderates & Dems that lose their health care b/c insur. comps can legally stop coverage
govt does NOT belong in health care & has no business deciding one's care. Do your voters want death panels, rationing?
Question: R we lowering premiums thru ins bailouts with taxpayer funds? If so, that's not a win.
Your plan is like car insurance that doesn't cover a crash. I have to have it but it's not worth the paper it's written on.
Lowering premiums for what kind of coverage?
Should be but it won't. They want FREE! No premiums. Nada. Kaput. Zero.
If you are lowering premiums on the Essential Benefit package is a Win. Lowering premiums on a plan that just provides Kleenex is a Lost.
people are not stupid...
not a win for democrat politicians because they opposed lowering premiums and supported raising them thru the roof
Not if the goal is single payer, the fact the @SenateMajLdr and other "republicans" can't figure that out makes my brain hurt.
The first victims of vicious Republican Trumpcare, Diabetic Children and Grannies in Nursing Homes who will be thrown into the GOP Gutter
Gave the patent to his University so no crooks could get their hands on it.
Dr. Banting refused to take royalties to help patients afford Insulin from his discovery in 1922, for which he won the Nobel Medicine Prize
So what if your premiums are lower but your deductibles are off the charts? Your paying for healthcare that covers nothing.
Before Reagan became President, Republican Company CEO's made $100,000's, now they make $100,000,000's. @GOP GREEDOM is the problem.
Insulin has gone up in price 3000% in last 25 years, while price of manufacture has gone down. CEO Pay UP 1000X, GOP are Merchants of DEATH
Here is one of your pre-existing Texans. Maybe when his leg grows back, someone will cover him? 
Autism & Osteosarcoma.

Lyin' Ted living up to his namesake. Economy added 24K health jobs per month so far in 2017. Repealing Obamacare would kill that job growth. https://twitter.com/ddiamond/status/890013765504299008 …
A cheap insurance plan that does not cover going to the hospital or getting sick is a win for the insurance company. #healthcare
But you're not. Liar. You're killing people. But hey we will pray for you.
That's a big if you clown. Cbo says premiums will go way up. You are the devil
NOTHING in the CBO supports your lies that premium will lower for ANY working class american! How do you sleep at night w/such dishonesty?
Except you're not. There's nothing in the bill (is there even a bill?) that will lower premiums for the people who can least afford them.
http://amp.usatoday.com/story/480446001/ …
Rs cant even agree on anything unless it is to block @POTUS
Yeah, if people don't have healthcare, they literally won't need to pay a premium at all! That's a win for everyone!
Healthcare services is a local issue between myself and who ever I choose to provide that service. I don't need the State or Feds involved!
The Chaos in Congress clearly shows that healthcare services is a debate they should NEVER be apart of the Government's responsibility.
We're not dumbs as rocks. Well, maybe you are.
But you (Fed gov't) shouldn't have to lower anything. The Fed's shouldn't even be involved in healthcare. #FullRepeal #CleanRepeal
The only win for Democrats is the failure of Republicans. Sad but true.
"Junk" plans with no standards in coverage. I guess they are cheaper but cover little or nothing. You're a genius.
Not when you raise copays.
Lower premiums to cover WHAT? What about pre-existing conditions? Find a soul and stop putting party before people.
Agreed.. except I don't believe you.
You do not represent me Schmuck, and you voted to kill millions of Americans. @SenTedCruz you are the #ZodiacKiller
Can't be a win for Dems, they want fully government run healthcare, as effective and efficient as the VA, and paid for by everyone else.
If you are lowering premium by stripping coverage everyone loses. I have care but I lose because indigent care makes my premium higher.
But if these plans do not cover essential benefits employees would be better off with a savings account to pay their med bills.
The middle class pays for private health insurance, Medicare and Medicaid from each paycheck. So you wonder why our wages aren't keeping up?
Language in the republican health care bill  by Texas Republican Ted Cruz would let insurers sell cut-rate policies with skimpy coverage.
Faith is being sure of what we Hope for and certain of what we do not see.~Hebrews 11.1
Bang for the buck matters most.
A Win For the USA would be REPEAL NO Subsidizing Ins Co - Govt. protection from Predatory Ins Co REPEAL Legislated Health Ins See Not Workin
here hoping u get an illness and not get proper medical care due to karma.
If the new HC bill still includes the same HC & Insurance racket, start over and focus on costs! @AAPSonline, @AtlasMD, @SurgeryCenterOK.
One would think. Please switch @elizabethforma to decaf to help her understand she is hurting Americans. #maga
The cheaper the price the lower the quality... look at how easy it is to any politicians 
Unfortunately not, because most of the Dems want everything for FREE. Free for moochers but we pay-hi deduct & premiums. NO MORE
Does lowering premiums increase deductibles? Deductibles in the middle class is a no go. Insurance(for profit business model)is the problem

Your plan isn't gonna lower premiums for anyone...unless they're dead, in which case their premiums are 6 feet under.
Lowering premiums without reducing coverage is a win. Otherwise I have a plan to sell you...
Lowering premiums and pay,s nothing.. What good is that. Only #TIMEWILLTELL
liar...your plan give a huge tax break to those who make a ton of money...everyone else, nothing
Go back to Canada - they have great health care.
Liar
Clean Repeal Please!
Who cares about Democrats...
You should be mourning.
Health care is nation building.
Name one sucessful country made of sick/starving/stupid (healthcare/safety net/edu).
Not when you are cutting Medicaid and Medicare! How is that a win ? And your amendment says it won't lower premiums

It's not lowering premiums when it's junk, useless coverage! Fix the ACA
Want to fix ACA? Throw a half trillion dollars to the insurance companies. Repeat that process every few years. Sound good to you?
But you are not. The only winners are a few rich people. So stop talking & vote no. Fix the ACA. No repeal.
Lower premiums with good benefits? You always forget to provide the details.
Briilant Senator just Brillant
Yeah, he gets it - in real time.  Unlike most politicians who have to pause and think about what double speak will be their response.
He's a wizard
