The US government is seeking the criminal forfeiture of $14B+ in drug proceeds & illicit profits from El Chapo. http://bit.ly/2otlZ7B  
Would it not be wiser to invest those $14 billion on a drug use campaign in the US, at the end you are the biggest consumer market.
There are already "just say no" nationwide drug campaigns... don't work.
Just cut of Medicaid, Welfare. Foot Stamps for illegals, $80 Billion.
Fyi, most welfare is used by whites lol
Most welfare is used by white latinos, aka illegals.
That's how fake news start by spreading falsehoods.Get informed, read, seek real data. I know you're smart, just don't rely on faux news pls
Excellent.
Brilliant idea!!!
Awesome. America's safety first. That would build the wall. Takes the tax burden off the people.
Latinos are not the threat. Muslims are. Catholics don't blow themselves up, or go on stabbing excursions on subways killing Americans
if they break our laws or cheat the system their gone. Limit the amount of money they can send out of the country
There is quite a bunch of money siezed, who knows how much? You could add drive in theaters for all to enjoy and make no dent in it.Get real
Genius.
El Chapo exists because of your high dependance of drugs.  You are not attacking the root of the problem.  Feel sorry for you guys...
yes!!!  We could have used some of the Iranian billions as well!!
Quotes are actually in the TRILLIONS for stupid wall. Build grocery stores.
#BuildTheWall and then tell the left it's trans-material and views itself as a picket fence.
Totally dumb
Do you actually represent the people of this state?  What a foolish endeavor
build a wall where it makes practical sense, use technology where it doesn't. Either way protect the border first
El Chapo is just 1 drug load, look @ all the sized money from drug lords across the country.  El Chapo's $14B plus other seized drug money..
And all the money that Obamma, without legislstive approval, secretly gave the Iranians. What an illegal waste of tax dollars.
It was their money not ours fool.
then get the criminal element out if here first. Then enroll the others in a database and collect taxes from them
Absolutely brilliant idea! Thank you Senator Cruz!
Wait. The other lying republicans are saying that boarder crossings are down 60%. Why do we need wall (unless to keep Church out of state)
Great idea Senator!!
Genius
Take the drug money & build our wall. Mexico's paying.
They didn't expect that Cruz missile. Keep up the good work.
A wall is useless because they have tunnels.  Did government forget about that?
Most undoc don't cross the river, they come by plane/sea. These ppl refuse to stay informed that's why they believe anyone's bluffing/lies
@trader_sam make it happen ted. I don't care if it's a wall of motion sensitive mini guns. Whatever it needs to be do it
How about Donnie just look "mean" at them, same glare he does for official pics.
I thought Mexico was paying for the wall?.....
Donald Trump wants that wall so let Donald Trump pay for it!!!
That picture looks like studdering John.
What r u thinking? If ur KING has committed Mexico is paying, divert this money to H/Care, education, poverty, veterans. Or u don't care?
How about taking care of our veterans?
Your idea isn't new, and btw not that brilliant, if that was the case, Mexico would have solved its economic problems a while back. Be real
I'd bet there's more drug or gun money that was confiscated to pay for the rest of the wall!
Brilliant!
@StacyBrewer18 @POTUS
Good thing and won't add to the national debt
How about some drug rehabilitation programs?
Have questions about @AP’s Overcoming Opioids series? Ask @CarlaKJohnson and @SciWriAlicia during @Reddit_AMA tomorrow at 1 p.m. EDT. 
Why don’t you spend civil asset forfeitures on drug rehabilitation? Billions are already collected every year.
It should put that money in good use to keep Americans safe also from drugs.
Yeah or we could go the Colorado route and make pot legal and get the tax revenues. Who's thinking around here? Not you.
Good Idea
For once, thanks El Chapo! 
Selllllllll out. Keep lickin Donnys balls little man
This is a stroke of genius! Nobody could argue against this idea, not even the Dem's!
@POTUS this is a Great idea!!!!
Taxpayers should not have to pay for this hateful boondoggle.
:  No Wall, use those funds to combat addiction. Need free of charge rehabilitation Centers.
14B would go far in job training and counseling to get people off the govt doesn't #fedup
14B would go far in improving out infrastructure #fedup
14B would go far in improving our school system #fedup
14B would go far in making sure we have clean drinking water #fedup
14B would go even further taking care of our vets that you politicians have kept in perpetual war for over 15years #fedup
I see the Democratics saying this money is theirs to help the illegals stay in America
How about you keep us safe by taking care of the rape kit back log
And algore needs 15 trillion for some climate nonsense. Weather just happens idiots. Man can't control it. Always bet on weather. It wins.
Sen Teddy Cruz, what a brilliant idea.  And let's go get other drug lords confiscated Dineros. That will help MAGA!
Hmm...what else could it be used for? Early childhood services, mentor programs, mental health screening for youth, rehabilitation srvcs.
All of which would ALSO decrease crime and lawlessness. Instead of building a wall, let's provide long-lasting human services.
Great idea, Senator Cruz! Glad to see someone in Congress working for the people. Thank you!
GENUIS!! Keep fighting don't let congress stop this courageous Effort -show Liberals don't care abt people whn don't support this BILL!
Senator Cruz, excellent idea! Let's get this Bill rolling 
That's a drop in the bucket and you know it. Is it just going to be barbed wire fence?  #WeDontNeedAWall
It will get about 50 miles built, what about the rest? Oh right the taxpayers, or at least the half who actually pay taxes
I think this is GOP bot account.....
Mexico will pay for the wall
Fabulous ideal, @SenTedCruz
I'm adamantly opposed to civil forfeiture, but  a criminal conviction changes everything.
These billions will help stop 40% of illegal immigration... well the small portion of that 40% that don't know how to use a ladder or shovel
Awesome
Brilliant as most of Rep's proposals El Chapo Net Worth 2017: How Much Is Joaquín Guzmán Worth
Betting that a federal judge will block it... sadly.
How about you use that 14 billion dollars to feed the American people?
Yes. Because the American people need to eat more food... 
America is the 2nd most obese nation in the world.
Shut up Ted.
What about your project about Muslims brothers Hood
Do It!
Seize illegals bank accounts, houses, cars, $4 Trillion
Fourteen billion dollars will pay for a LOT of health care.
I like this idea. Apply it to all drug dealers at the border. Afterwards, use proceeds for rehabs and enforcement.
Love you Senator Cruz! Please get rid of Paul Ryan, McCain, and all the other FAKE republicans that are really democrats!
Well, when this happenes, Mexico will have paid a goodly sum to BUILD THE WALL. 
Great idea!
you are crazy.Not one dime for that ineffective wall.Infastructure for American roads and bridges
Will pay for it in full with enough left over to man and maintain it for several years to come. Illegal immigration costs the US $100B year
Lololololololololololololololololololololololol
Keep us safe from cheaper fruit and cheaper domestic help...not worth it.  Wall will not do anything except look bad & fall apart over time
Thank you Sen Cruz.... Finally a Republican doing some work
Polls prove that majority of border residents don't want the wall. Why don't you find something positive to spend $ on. Not devisive enough?
DOUBLE BORDER FENCE, w/razor wire, 100yd clear zone $4bil set.  DEMOCRATS not protecting AMERICA from invasions,  that treason?
Absolutely!
Where he keep that money... banks  real estate Hillary global initiative   barrack obama  knew ???
How about feeding the hungry, clothing the cold, housing the homeless. Walls...think Berlin wall are signs of fear & weakness
Mexico will pay one way or another !!
Lol why would you like your own tweet
What a shameless waste of money.  How can you call yourself a conservative?
Great idea
And who will pay for the wall? The Mexican!
Brick at a time . It's like the joke what do you call a thousand lawyers at the bottom of the ocean..... a good start  sorry  all good ones
Yes, yes and yes!!! #MAGA #ElChapoAct
So would some sensible gun control laws.
Or Mexico is paying to build the wall. #Winning
***Excellent. God's Ways Are So Much Higher than Ours.
Really
We pay for it whether we build it or not. For welfare or for a wall. Pick your poison.
^5 Sen. Cruz
We don't need a wall. Spend money on educating the children of your state. ALL the children. #NoBanNoWall
Turn yourself in Zodiac then use the reward money to build the useless monument
What about families of those killed? Communities wrecked? Addiction services? Nah, let's waste it on Trump's monument to racism & paranoia.
obamas admin allow money 2 build good part of wall n 2006 that money is there MR PRES tell ryan to fund it today dont play around with dems
So are we building a wall around Washington D.C.? That's the only way a wall might keep us "safe", since the threat is coming from there.
ok but like what if they fly over the border
Senator I support this but only on the condition that we are VERY VERY careful to ensure that due process is followed!
7 year old girl shot in head and killed in Michigan: Police raided both sides of a duplex: The suspect was KNOWN to live on only one side!
Toddler in Georgia badly injured by a flash bang grenade thrown into his crib during a botched drug raid! This is the point of the Bill of
Rights: IT IS TO PROTECT THE INNOCENT FROM OVERZEALOUS GOVERNMENT! BTW I had a VERY warm welcome at your Dallas office on N Hall St several
months ago when I introduced myself as "Judge Peter Hill from Las Vegas!" I also had the honor of meeting the Senator Sessions last October
I'm sure your constituents in South Texas that would wind up on the wrong side of that wall thank you
. A) Great. You can  pay for it.
B.) Be sure to budget 25B, plus several M for maintenance.
C.) Mexico isn't paying for it
D.) Neither am I
What f'ing Planet are you on?  It's #AMERICANS who will pay for any wall IF ever built! You make me #SICK! You #DeludedTrumpDisciple!
Until some Leftist Judge blocks it   Smh
What about education??
Or the homeless people, cancer research, children host
Hospital
fuck the embassies, though
chaffetz says differently
Sounds like a plan.
We want the wall!
Ted Cruz may be the only one in Washington actually thinking. I am a dem but way to go Ted
put people on the money transfers to mexico from places like western union. see how much can be gained from the cartels.
I don't remember voting for a wall  .can we put it on the red river?
Great idea!  Do it!!
14 billion that come from drugs sold in U.S. soil,
Genius idea!!
#ElChapoActNOW #BRILLIANT #AbsoluteGenius I Senator Cruz! Let's make it go viral #OverAndOverAgain #USA #MAGA #BTW
Fourteen billion dollars will go a long way toward building a wall that will keep Americans safe. https://twitter.com/SenTedCruz/status/856952763225395203 …
ok, so we have a wall built to keep Americans safe with drug proceeds that derive from drugs used by Americans? 
Just put it all towards the debt. I don't understand why that wouldn't happen.
I LOVE this idea.  Go for it, Senator.  Keep up the good work.

Sounds good. Don't let the government use it for anything else!
Keep fighting Mr. Cruz!!!
It is time we take something back from the thugs killing Americans w/their drugs. #BuildTheWall #buildthew #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
No 14B will go a longer way paying down the debt & providing healthcare to the underemployed
We sure could use that money for infrastructure  that this country desperately needs. The wall is ridiculous and a waste. And so are you.
BTW, the human Cheeto savaged your family and now you're kissing his wrinkled, orange ass?? What's the matter with you?
or yakno. You could help cure diseases or give homeless homes. But nope, a WALL is more important.
Difference between @SenTedCruz and Chapo: Chapo got caught.
Except most illegal aliens don't come into US by sneaking across land border with Mex. Wall a big fat boondoggle that'll cot taxpayers $$$
Won't cost taxpayers anything!  Use el Chapo's money. Obama has a wall. The Pope has a wall!!!!
Wall gonna cost shit load more than $14B & we already have walls & fences along part of border. Need more patrols & cameras. Not stupid wall
It's sure a good start to controlling what comes in!
Or you could put that money into health care to really help the American ppl.
if money is a thing how about vote no on tax giveaway, how about not creating trillions more in debt for our children
"Safe"
BUILD THE WALL #MAGA
Good thing there are no points of water entry. Or catapults.
it would go along way to help the poor, and texas has some of the poorest, instead of appealing to rubes, help people, like jesus would
point?
Ty Senator for being on same team as our POTUS
Make it happen
Make it happen.
good idea senator Cruz, we can also charge a small fee for remittances to mexico
I have no words for this right now 
The ends DO NOT justify the means.
It sure will!!!!!!!!!!!!! Build that wall!!!!!!
Are you trolling Trump?
BUILD THE WALL!

?
You still seem to think @realDonaldTrump can make #Mexico  pay for a wall  It's NEVER going to happen. #Americans will pay through taxes!
