how about fighting for the children who were born and end up in foster care?  Texas State is a horrible parent to kids.
you people will NOT ban abortions-this is between a woman & her dr. - stay out of womens health or see another march on steroids
Please support education of all the children you love so much.  No to DeVos.  No to school choice.
@SenTedCruz I'm pro-choice, not pro-abortion. Abortion isn't something women decide lightly.Why make it harder?#notyourbusiness
"Pro-life" can only lead to the criminalization of women who have abortions and putting their health decisions in the hands of judges. BAD.
Sitting in church today, did you think about those affected by the racist xenophobic #MuslimBan? Is that Christian?
Doesn't standing for life also mean standing for the lives of refugees? #NoBanNoWall #nomuslimban #RefugeesWelcome
@SenTedCruz Pro life = pro immigrants, pro refugee, pro Healthcare, pro welfare, pro environment, and against the death penalty!
#Christian @JohnCornyn: @March_for_Life against abortion isn't #ProLife, #GOP ignores life of Immigrants, @Refugees, & #LGBTQ?
@CNN @SBAList
Will you fight for the already born?
you are pro-birth. One who values life would have the moral integrity to speak out on the #muslimban. Can't wait to vote you out
No, you're pro-fetus - after birth you don't give a shit. Repeal of ACA is a perfect example; people will die.
@SenTedCruz #Cowardly coward for not standing up to Trump.  As a South Texas resident, will never vote GOP again
Would be nice if you fought for the already born. Like opposing taxes going to a wall, Bannon on the NSC, no ban.
time to fighting for those already born and breathing. #hypocrisy #texas #vote #tx #Election2018
I agree
when do you take care of the ones already born? Oh, that's right, you want to take that away, as well as women's rights.#scum
Please support life by opposing repeal of ACA.  Fewer abortions through increased access to birth control.
Then you support a national ban on the #deathpenalty?  #prolife
How about the born? When will you stand for them?
Way to go Sir
.@JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz until birth that is
What about standing up for #prochild policies such as universal healthcare and good public schools?
@SenTedCruz I'M PROLIFE and for defunding the evil of Planned Parenthood. Please stop the use of tax payers money for PP!!!
You are pro birth. What happens after isn't your concern. #REFUGEESWELCOME  #HANDSOFFSS #NoACARepeal
You will lose our votes if we do not have the same RIGHTS to self-determination and liberty as men. Men can choose vasectomies.
John, Thank you from God's littliest people!
@SenTedCruz me too
If you are #prolife you should care about the alive& suffering. Support refugees. Speak out against the #MuslimBan #NoBanNoWall
Please consider lives TODAY and vote NO #Sessions. He is racist, anti LGBT, anti VAWA, that is NOT a pro-life view!
@SenTedCruz How about this pro-life refugee issue too? It's very difficult for concerned Texans to get through to y'all.
If you are truly 'pro life' @JohnCornyn, take a stand AGAINST Trump's refugee ban! #NoBanNoWall
Are you only pro- white Christian life? Or ALL life? What about those innocent refugee children fleeing atrocities?
EQUALITY- LIBERTY AND FREEDOM FOR ALL. Would a white man have to tolerate a law regulating his body or life choices?
is this pro-"life"? what you've done is this.  seems pro-HATE to me.
@SenTedCruz All life is valuable.  Do what is right even if you are the only one!
.@JohnCornyn
Good. Now fight for refugees, Muslims, Green Card holders ...
There's no "pro-life" in this movement--only the determination to deny women freedom.
But both of you are willing to continue killing mothers, infants, children, adults once they're both.  Not pro-life.
What of lives of refugee women & children. I guess those lives don't matter much in a #Trump world. Speak out! #NoMuslimBan
.@JohnCornyn u do u, but you've got a lot more constituents besides those who have real concerns they'd like you to address.
So don't get an abortion. You grapple with your God, let others grapple with theirs.  W/O dreaded "government interference."
your constituents are pro-choice
How about you fight for the born as well @JohnCornyn ?
your email is down this morning! I have lots to say to you.
Are you Pro-Birth or Pro-Life? Many of your votes and your rhetoric show you are only Pro-Birth.
The pro-life defense ends at birth, never considering the many lives and factors in play. Such an un-Christian perspective.
You mean fighting for them UNTIL their born, then so sorry if you need food or healthcare. GOP keep ur laws off our bodies.
Hope you didn't have eggs for breakfast!
You can't be pro-life and support a man who is pro-torture and anti-refugee.
I have never understood how liberals are against the death penalty but they have no qualms about killing unborn babies
And the already born will vote you out of office.
@SenTedCruz. Thank you!  Humans are the only species that kill their young before they are born.  Selfish! #MarchForLife
Your side lost this fight years ago. Get over it, sore losers.
Not all Texans share your extreme position. Abortion rights aren't yours to deny.
What about fighting for those already born? Childcare? Healthcare? Veterans' care? You are not pro-life; you are pro-birth.
Let's fight for EVERYBODY.
That's nice. How about fighting for those already born by providing healthcare? Thanks!
@SenTedCruz when will u star coming out in support of our president?
@SenTedCruz 
if only you would fight for the people who have actually been born.
How about the living? Will you introduce comprehensive sex ed, support families, mandatory maternity leave, contraception bills?
So what are you doing to support maternal health? Our maternal death rate is abysmal!
Happy to hear you're against capital punishment. Let's work on that!
pro-life?
If only @JohnCornyn and the rest of the @GOP cared as much about actual children and our crappy schools as they do the abstract unborn.
Help those alive get a good education. Help those living have affordable health care.
are you working to fix the foster care system? No? You are pro-birth, once those babies are born you don't care at all.
what are you doing to lower abortion rates? Are you working toward better access to brith control and sex ex?
Glad that you're so much in support of life that you will also fight for welfare and the reproductive health of young mothers!
And yet you wouldn't sign onto the Senate's apology for doing nothing about lynching. You're morality is like a windsock.
March for Life supports big govt and it had hundreds of thousands less marchers than Women's March.  I vote.
@TexasGOP stop closing women's health clinics. Too many Texas women are dying during pregnancy.
Stop politicizing women's health and if you really want to help the unborn start in your own backyard.  This is shameful!
really how do you reconcile this?
why are we as a state unwilling to take this seriously.  I respect your pro life position but where is the respect for women?
I respect your position but unfortunately we need more attention on the maternal death rate in TX.
education over legislation John.
95,000+ Texans marched 1/21 in record numbers-most of whom are YOUR constituents-and you can't spare a tweet of acknowledgement?
but how about the born?  Such as refugees, immigrants, and those with Pre-existing conditions?
@SenTedCruz Did schools stop tchg sex ed in biology class?BC is very accessible/stores all over.Y fundPP?Y not othr clinics?
.@JohnCornyn - excited to see your plans to increase funding for social programs to accommodate increase in unwanted children you support.
Hi! I'm your constituent, and I'm pro-choice. Increased sex ed and access to birth control is key to preventing unwanted preg.
@SenTedCruz Thank you Sent Cornyn.  Texas is pro-life
what are you doing about TEXAS leading the developed world in maternal deaths?
ProWoman and ProLife are not mutually exclusive. If you are really pro-life, help us! Don't make it hard to access health care.
@SenTedCruz hundreds of thousands? Oh you're doing Trump math
@SenTedCruz why not fight for those who are alive and need healthcare,refuge and food stamps ?
You fight for the unborn then turn your back on that child once born.
@SenTedCruz Because you can't fight against those who can speak. Your moral high ground is built on a shaky foundation.
You are not pro Life, just pro birth.  You are on your own after that, Republicans have made sure of it.
So am I. That's why I prefer safe legal abortion to coat hangers.
everybody's prolife until the wrong girl is pregnant
@SenTedCruz how are you supporting those children after they are born?  Healthcare?  Assistance for families?
@SenTedCruz #BlackLivesMatter 
You will continue fighting for potential life while actual life suffers and dies around you.
@SenTedCruz Its also good if You & Ted stop "running & hiding" from Ur constituents who are trying to call, email U about Trump.
First we marched, now we fight. #IStandWithPP for reproductive health and rights.
so you're pro fetus, but don't care about living, breathing constituents you refuse to meet with and vote against our interests?
That may be so, but you do worse than nothing to assist those mothers in trouble, and their children once they're born.
then why are you working so hard to take away access to birth control and services that help single mothers?
Please also fight for the living and allow access to birth control to prevent abortions
Want to reduce abortion? Reduce unplanned pregnancies by providing support to PLANNED Parenthood.
then help PP get contraceptives out there for everyone! Or pass a law forbidding sex. Come on!!!
you're Pro "Life"? What is your stand on the death penalty? On promoting the quality of life of already-born children in TX?
thank you for words... let's also stand with the born that may become refugees or unemployed.
y r u so pro life. u won't do anything to provide healthcare. all u want to do is repeal it
finally something about women you like. Telling them what to do with their bodies! Rich white Repub

How about fighting for the already-born too? Or doesn't that count?
Then also fight for healthcare for the unborn & mothers. If you're pro-life stand against executions. Too many innocents have been killed!
Pro-choice ppl hold strong beliefs based on real convictions and realistic issues. Please respect us.
;  The defenseless must be protected.

So I am imploring - begging - that you reconsider. We do not hold this position out of hate, malice, or some desire to commit violence
Can't wait for you to fight for the born.
Fat chance.  http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/education/article/Texas-ranks-43rd-among-states-in-national-6750691.php …
Then I would appreciate it if you would support access to contraception for women.
your old and outdated!
Honest conversations about sexuality, family planning, safe sex practices, and access to birth control decrease abortions!
But even more politically relevant, you are NOT pro-life if you are anti-refugee, anti-healthcare, or opposed to programs to help children.
You aren't pro-life unless you care about the children that are alive, need healthcare, and education.
OR whether a woman should have the right to make decisions impacting her body- you can't take my organs without my permission to save a life
You know how else you can fight? Make sure women have  information and means to prevent unwanted pregnancies. #PlannedParenthood
This isn't even getting into issue of whether "the unborn" should be considered a human apart from its mother (they're sort of parasites!)
I stand in solidarity with everyone who doesn't want you making decisions for them anymore.
Outlawing abortion is not the answer. Broad-ranging actions to improve healthcare and education IS. We CAN have fewer abortions in the US
Providing women with adequate healthcare, sex ed, and all necessary means to avoid pregnancy dramatically decreases abortion rates
prolife?  Are you going to repeal the death penalty in texas?
No, he won't 'cuz it's in the Bible....
At least Catholics are consistent in their pro-life stance.
Women who have been raped or otherwise abused may need abortions. Some women have trauma over the entire experience of pregnancy.
Women who already have children and who know they cannot responsibly care for more may need abortions.
Women in abusive relationships, who find themselves unexpectedly without support from their partners or families, all may need abortions
Some pregnancies aren't viable, or will be a risk to the life of the mother. Some women find they can't carry a pregnancy to term healthily
Women get abortions for 1000s of hugely personal reasons, including economic pressures (which gov't could help with) health issues (same)
Senator Cornyn, please reconsider. Please attempt to understand the reasons women get abortions. It may be more complicated than you think.
well then why repeal Obamacare and kill 43 K a year? Sounds pretty pro death to me-
Fighting for the unborn until they're born girls...
Want to stop abortions? Fund teaching of contraception. Provide healthcare (ahem, #ACA). And how about education for the born?
But once they're born, take their healtchare away, right?  And if they're born in a country being bombed to dust, too bad?
If "Pro Life" meant AGAINST death penalty. FOR hunger programs. FOR sex ed. FOR women's health. We'd all be with you. #selective
So you are for murdering innocent babies but not for killing convicted murderers?? #PROLIFE
Maybe they're trying to say educate + provide so its very rarely necessary AND don't kill adults?
So we shouldnt kill convicted murderers? Ok..provide what?? Birth control?? Yeah so their legs shut!!
The death penalty should be as exceedingly rare as abortions.
No the death penalty needs to be frequent..Abortions should be banned!!
I'm just going to leave it there. I listened to you & will consider it. Pls think about what I said
are you fighting for all the children currently in foster care? How many have you taken in??....I'll wait.
while cutting off their health insurance in the name of "pro life"
if only you were as zealous for the already born children in tx (healthcare, education, clean environment, yada yada)
YOUR convenient "truth"....this month.
want to reduce abortions? How about marching for sex education, accessible contraception and proactively planning for parenthood?
@VP @tedcruz
.
Yes. And, if pregnant, persuade the father to protect and provide for the mother and unborn child. Love, not violence
