The Left doesn't believe in rights or freedom
The Right is racist and their beliefs are cruel. (See how making careless generalizations can be stupid?)
The Left doesn't believe in rights or freedom
What policy of the Democrat party show they believe in constitutional rights or freedom?
Wait, you said "the Left" doesn't believe in freedom. Now your saying Democrats. Democrats and Libertarians aren't the same thing
The Left is largely composed of liberal Democrats, not libertarians. And I'm not talking about "classical liberalism"
OK. But there's also a responsibility to be intelligent and help our nation move forward: on equality, on science, on the environment.
Just shut up
I passionately disagree with you and the rest of the Republican Senators drafting a bill in secret that will HURT Americans.
Their secret agenda is akin to totalitarian practices and is far from democratic
What's the problem? Don't you know we have to pass the bill to find out what's in it?
Hey, I'm not a Senator or Rep. I actually want to know. Ha!
Yes, free speech
real world,agree to disagree debate move on. Today's climate,resort to incitement of and real acts of violence under pretense. Not covered?
You'd make a great Sup Ct Judge, a good Pres as well. PLEASE use those brains to help current ADM succeed w/agenda we voted & won with 
The Left doesn't believe that. They believe in control, like Communism. Too many on the right are being savagely censored. Not free speech.
And the second amensmdment was written back when we needed everyone to have guns to protect against the British. The time has come to fix it
Glad to see you still support the 1st Amendment. I passionately disagree with you on just about everything that comes out of your mouth.
I agree

so you dont agree with the 1st amendment then? silencing ppls expression is what...i dont know...Hitler, Mao, Stalin, and Kim Jon Uno did
Yes, yes I'm a stalin supporter. Dang..Youre good, real good. So you Jack Buffaloes while driving watercraft? You can 1-hand buffalo D?
Ted Cruz was simply explaining how the First Amendment works and you tell him to be silent u realize what the perception is when u do that?
I'm a texans fan...Andre we done here or would you like me to start in on your team? Also Buckeye grad, so I'd never touch #zeke, he my Man.
Typical liberal diversion tactic
How do you explain your BB DT silencing the expression of govt inv into his #shenanigans ? What u think aboot his coterie of Goldmans?
u r far off from the 1st amendment issue now- i assume you have nothing.  silencing others speech is not cool, you are #hitler
Just so jarringly odd to hear a Republican defend the 1st Amendment instead of the 2nd
Americans feel bamboozled mistreated attacked by GOP. You are deep into life and death matters.
1st Amendment? They want to do away with the entire Constitution.
Great explanation for all to know. It seems most never understood it.
Yes, it's not about being violent, putting others in danger to "make a point".
I wonder does the 1st amendment protect fiction
So, for example, you can say "I believe in God", and the 1stA protects your right. Even though science has proven there is no God.
I fear that what some speech is more hate then first amendment rights.
Truth yes lies no
MR. SEN TED CRUZ 4 OUR SUPREME COURT WOULD B A BLESSING 4 THE USA. PLEASE DO IT ASAP PREZ TRUMP.
But not violence. Constitution is like the Bible can't take things out of context or it doesn't work right.
Opinions shared or not are free speech
Physical attacks are not seems many did not learn
"My rights end at your nose"
.@WilkowMajority  says it well, "Their right to be free includes your right to be free of them."
Is that your take on the 1st Amendment?  What about the rest of it?  Oh, your constitution is like your bible-only use the parts you like.
Ego the problem...who in government is listening or cares about what WE the people say or need?
Hey, what do you know, Senator? We agree on something!
Funny, the GOP@doesnt seem to agree w you.  They won't release the healthcare bill for open discussion.
That is the reason you r friendly with a man who disrespected your wife and your father? Have you ever been able to look at your wife again?
exactly so let the true left speak. Enough conservative talking heads both in GOP and DEM clothes.
Yes but not abuse them.
Democrats don't agree with that.
Can u please talk to Larry Klayman about NSA spying ? ALL docs related have been hidden at Obama's library ? WTF is going on ! Cover up ?
Beautifully said Senator Cruz!
What better way to get back at those you disagree with than to take away the healthcare they and their children need.
True! People need to unite as Americans against traitors, and leave petty squabbles behind for now. Why isn't Sessions fired for perjury?
Lying Ted Cruz, who DT claims dad played a part in JFKs murder,has something to say.Is now an obedient cock holster for the Pres, 1st amend!
And the right of everyone to laugh at you when it's appropriate.
hmmmm... It's also about a right to privacy - a key to the roe v Wade decision.
Making too much sense here ted
I agree wholeheartedly .... you booger-eater
Just don't yell 'fire' in a theater or dox people.
And the right to protest those beliefs
what's AHCA about?   seems a bit more relevant to GOP shenanigans in the Senate.
The right to express yourself and the right to be offended by that expression
Representative government requires listening to constituency. Do you have any more platitudes, Ted? Political cowardice can be overcome.
I appreciate your staff listening to me this morning. I wish you would reconsider what you are helping McConnell do, and why.
#Beto
NEVER BETO!

Are you also speaking of freedom of the press?
IS THE RUMOR TRUE ABOUT THE "SUMMER OF RAGE" brought to us by @georgesoros @BarackObama @HillaryClinton @TheDemocrats
Wouldn't be surprised for the left to choose that tagline they are full of Rage since November 8th
This is soooooo true. Maniacs.

#LicTrump: Trump awol. Trump tax records M.I.A. Trump & Sessions Russia collusion memories K.I.A. Republican Party L.I.A.R.S. "Go figure!" 
