@realDonaldTrump told Putin attacks were coming. This isn't someone that Putin fears - this is someone that fear Putin.  Why is that?
It's International courtesy. They are required to do that, unless you want WWIII.
Then why didn't he tell us allies? Or state department officials?
Or the NSC. It's ridiculous.
It was too preoccupied with its inherent inaction.
That's childish, but for what it's worth, it now sounds like the NSC may have been notified, just not NSC staffers
Notified but not consulted.
Ergo as a consequence & taking into account all possible

Putin doesn't fear Trump. What a joke.
So says the "mom blogger," only in a country this great could a total loser assume she knows more than world leaders.
I'm sorry did my opinion trigger you?
No, not triggered, it garnered and eye roll because when the slowest of the ants mocks the lion, an eye roll is simply reflex.
true lion doesn't feel the need to pester an ant, keyboard warrior. get a hobby or read  a book
Twilight is a book, 50 shades is a book...that read a book is a tired line from a small minded fool. Also, I never said I was the lion. Dope
I hate to give Trump credit by being prescient.
I don't get why he didn't inform Congress before the launch like he was supposed to.  Now that this has happened, what's the endgame?
He's out of his depth. I suspect he did as he was told - by Putin. The rest is a PR stunt to make him "look powerful". Didn't work, did it?
Trump looks desperate. Putting all Americans at risk with his incompetence
Just an expert at identifying incompetence... and Trump takes the cake
We as the North American people reject more warmongering and spending of our money on the wasted use of wardome. It's disgusting!
Cruz has shit in his blood sucking up to that Lowlife.
Agreed.  He might have been better off with sanctimonious Hillary.
Agree
I agree Trump was fantastic professional he did it with his heart for the children for the babies for the mothers for the fathers
Finally, a right minded woman. Too many snowflakes are on Twitter anymore.  So, get to your safe space
Thank you I know I'm the right minded woman
Both you and Rita live in a world of unreality and are brainwashed beyond redemtion.
How are you in that world not us sorry
Cruz thinks Putin fears a guy who spends more time on the golf course than briefings with intelligence officials?
No, no one does.
lol
Trump (2013): AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN &+
Putin doesn't fear The Trumpster! He thinks he's a joke! Get a clue Cruz!
@SenTedCruz:why are you worried about Putin what's he done why don't you guys look at your own backyard first
*whom* Putin has reason to fear.. oops, I forgot; if you speak correctly your followers won't understand ... my bad
You BET IT IS!!!!!!
Love Ted
If he's not afraid of Putin, why did he notify him FIRST? Big Q is Why call the ally of Syria prior to attack? Not Congress, not US allies!
There's a whole lot of truth in your statement. Do they really think Putin is shaking in his boots? Pu-lease!
and what's the correct action here then 
In 2011 Obama sent troops to Libya; he was rebuked by Congress because he didn't seek approval. Trump should be held to the same standard.
There were 0 troops in Libya 2011. O violated the 60 day limit on war powers act & was rebuked. Get ur facts straight, this completely diff
Rep Dennis J. Kucinich said Monday that even though previous presidents had sidestepped Congress,Mr. Obama’s decision was a serious abuse.
The only thing that Putin fears in Trump is that his buttcheeks will chafe the Kremlins shaft and slap his ballsack too hard.
i don't think putin is afraid whatsoever, emboldened, that i believe.
Putin does not fear any living man or woman. American's do not understand such a world he is a product of.....
Apparently so. The Bully in Chief has depended on these tactics all his life.
+FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!
Is that why Trump told Russia about attack ahead of time? He's still a puppet. Don't let this fool you.
@SenTedCruz thinks Putin fears Trump? Well, I get to use this .gif earlier than expected.
He he .
He he, I forgot to laugh! What exactly are you resisting???
Hate and  fear, racism,sexism, homophobia, global warming,  the loss of our constitutional rights, fascism, etc. The list just goes on.
basket of  Deplorables.. Doesn't that sound loving and kind?  Everything u mentioned
He ought to fear the rest of us too, we are a deplorable bunch!
Amen!  Peace through strength!
Trump is putins puppet.
Hmm again - @POTUS is a bit late to the Putin is evil and Syria is in trouble party !
The days of broken red lines may finally be over.
@veganvecoh @SenTedCruz 
Really Cruz? Did you say this bc you are up to your re election?
A strong President we have. When will we see a strong united Republican Congress? Get it together & help Trump unite America. Not divide it
Me too- I POTUS
reson to fear) what are you going to do if Putin let destroy US navy ships?)
America is back!!!
And her name is Hillary.
Why don't we get some of these poor children out of harms way then? Hypocrite
Glad to have "real" leadership back in the White House instead of the "limp-wristed" joke for leadership we just got out!
i agree totally Ted, so who'd you have in mind for 2020?
You are such a fool!!!! Putin has known trump for over 20 years.  He's goes there for dinner! PLS -I can't stop laughing at your ignorance!
.@SenTedCruz Don't try to be philosophical. For you, "a step in the right direction" occurred as soon as a republican was elected president
Let us not forget that Putin is a bully.  Bullies are weak individuals & unsecured.  I submit that Putin suffers from the Napoleon complex.
98 GOP voted NO w/out Congress when Obama proposed this in 2013. NowRussians warned in advance.59 missiles+airfield used today by Syrians
Putin is playing Trump like a sucker and everyone knows that
Sorry, Teddy, Putin is not intimidated by Trump. Not by a long shot.
Before the election, haters were always talking about DT not being qualified, etc. Like Omarosa said, look at him now! DT's more than ready.
Do you really think Putin fears this clown. This man is the least feared man on earth. . He is an out and out fool
LYEN Ted your at it again LYEN that's the best thing your good at since you got elected Like ALTERNATIVE facts Kelly Ann which are LIES TRUE
TOTAL MISSION FAILURE: US struck base deliberately avoided destroying chem weaps/killing crews. Warned Ru/Sy. Message?  45 Incompetent?
Yes Standing with President Trump
Putin is a bully. He will not back down or show fear. Uses different methods of agression to each opponent.
So true. This was a powerful message sent to all enemies of USA. America is back with a strong LEADER
U only become a president of US if u r a mass murderer.  Trump has just qualified.
Putin has no fear
Hey Ted did your mom cut your hair?
except it's probable that Putin ok'd the ineffective strike
I want a President that Putin and the world respects they don't need to fear him but need to know he is a righteous man of his word.
What God has chosen God will strength .Pres Trump has been chosen by God vs evil done by Obama  Hillary etc God orchestra the play-save USA
No its in your nature to fight other people. Living in harmony and peace eludes your kind.
Ted Luzer
Putin does not fear Trump.
Yeah, because when he is afraid, we will get peace in Syria and ukraine...
Lol

Idiots.
War mongers
you see, extorsion everywhere! CruzmRubko, etc.......
wat will happen wen Russia air defence system covers the whole Syria?

please.
Putin has no fears, I hope we are ready to go "Mano a mano" with what ever comes next. We need a combination of diplomacy and force.
So what changed from 2013?
Sure @SenTedCruz Putin fears Trump. The anti-Putin reporters/opponents just happen to be living on an island. #TrumpLogic #Trump #Maga
These politicians are so hypocrites...they lied so openly is unbelievable
Not sure if Russia was warned, who cares? DJT bombed the shit outa em. Bout time we have a prez who acts!! Nice change!
Why did all the armchair braniacs whining about DJT give Hussein O a pass for his bumbling policies? DJT sent message!!
Note to LYIN Ted... Trump is working with Putin...
So why didn't you want Obama to use force against Syria?
you as oily as the gunk on your hair!
.
That would be great,
but alas we have Trump.
.@SenTedCruz: “Having a strong president who Putin has reason to fear, I think that’s a step in the right direction.” 
You're so two faced, talking out of both sides.He will never respect you...and that's saying a lot.
Hopefully putin stays out of Trumps business. Syria is not worth fighting over. God bless America.
So difficult to look at Cruz and not remember the acrimony during the election.. Loyalty is blown in the wind.. follow the power
Get it right- #45 is CHAOS. Putin n #45 buddies.
Lol..thats a joke, he does fear Dump, Russia  knows Dump is an idiot and can be bought !
@KazmierskiR Putin has respect 4 Trump not Fearhe is also alpha maleSure he loved Wikileaks given H's criminal record 2 ppl
Putin can't respect a man with such small hands.  This original tweet is from a russian troll or bot you should delete.
What was this rumor about you being the #zodiackiller?
On this same subject in 2013, you said...  ... Ted? ... Ted? ... Anyone?
@FoxNews
Let's see TAX RETURNS
He's not even man enough to show tax returns 
He's a Coward in his best moments!
#ImpeachTrump
#dumbdownwithdonnie

I want Ted to take the next vacant SCOTUS seat.
Trump n Putin have had biz deals for eons. No worries
Fear, Fear, Fear!
wake up Ted its all a big set up to distract people on the trump/russia investigation...
If people remember the past we put sanctions on Russia yrs ago. They were about to starve. Putin knows his place. He needs the US
Ehhh. Gonna backfire Ted
Not fear. RESPECT!!
Seriously? Does Cruz really think Putin is afraid of Trumpo?  They're bffs.That's why Trumpo called him b4 hand.
Thank you for supporting POTUS.
Hopefully Cruz will be our next Supreme Court Justice.Schumer& Pelosi would love that.
Ted, you're such a buffoon.
and where would u suggest we find a strong president? what we have now is a wanna-be dictator. whole different thing. #resist #Trumprussia
Most comments fixated on Trump, Putin. Over 470,000 dead last 6 years. Where is the UN, NATO and surrounding countries to stop this?
No one is afraid of him. Except maybe his abused wives.
Another war for Americans- just what the US needs!! Good luck Trump! You really suck #trump #war #dictator #kill
Amen without fear we are subject to terrorism.
When someone is afraid - they can do something really stupid.

Who fears an unstable guy who drinks the kool-aid McCain gives him? This is so wrong on many levels. Not strength, INSANITY!!!
Ted Cruz
So funny. Too funny.
IF this isn't art of the collusion btwn Putin and his puppet, there will be hell to pay. Soldiers like my son will probably pay the most.
Putin fear Trump? Oh Ted, never knew you did comedy so well! Tell us the 1 about the "pathological liar" who became your hero?
Please. 100 million worth of missiles on a non essential base which was opened in mere hours after attack. Smells like a Russian save face.
Boy, this thread fired up every computer in the Lubyanka building
Put down the crack pipe
Hey Ted, remember when Trump the #FakePresident stated that your Dad killed Pres. Kennedy? Yeah. Good times.
Double standards from certified hypocrites.Those conspiring to cover up&silent about Russia interference inUSA elections are equally guilty.
Is there a bigger, stupider PUTZ than Ted Cruz.
You people have no pride. You never said anything about Russia interference with USA elections but now you accuse Russia about Syria war.
Sorry Ted, Putin would eat dear @realDonaldTrump for lunch business man vs X KGB/FSB? Why are you feeding his ego, will not get you into WH!
Who would that president be?
he is the strongest serial liar I have ever seen.
Let's vote senator Cruz out of office . He's lost touch with reality
Pure idiocy Ted! Syria did not attack USA! USA should not police world! Only congress can declare war! U read constitution lately?!!
Trump didn't declare war. His move spoke volumes to assad, putin, iran, china & n korea. Keep it in perspective friend!
If N. Korea bombed the hell out of a USA Air Force base in California would we consider they are at war with us?
Good point! The deed is done. Assad did big no, no. Trump erased O's red line gave our adversaries reason to rethink their relationship w us
No evidence Assad did chemical attack!
JFC @SenTedCruz, this the funniest sad thing I've read since Trump was elected...and that's saying a LOT. #Trumprussia
Seriously, @SenTedCruz?? Putin FEARS Donald Trump?? What an idiotic thing to say. Putin OWNS Donald Trump.
How about a president who breaks the law and doesn't get consent of the House or the UN? #Impeach
If Putin so afraid of Trump (LOL) why did he help elect him. He was afraid of Hillary. Putin isn't dumb-he knows trump is infantile
With all the liberal leaks blabbing what ever they can for the world to know, and you complaining about him not telling anyone?  Get real!
The Canuck has spoken.
Wishful thinking. Russian politicians aren't fearful, they're strategists, planners with wide range options.

Putin afraid of Trump? HaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHa!
Putin fears no one, it appears! Especially since he and Trump had a bromance going on. You are delusional just like Trump-et!
WHAT ABOUT AMERICAS CHILDREN? Do we need to see the pictures from Sandy Hook? They were slaughtered too. YOU DIDNT CARE ABOUT THEM!
Super weird he can speak so well while servicing 45.
Yeah, when he gassed those innocents he was really afraid, right.
Ted attacking a weak country is not a demonstration of force.
Very smart move. 
Riiiiiiiiiiiiight. #trumprussia #russiantreason #yespuppet #moneylaundering
This guys fase looks stoopid
Wait didn't Ted Cruz say taking military action asshat Syria was bad before?
Putin is not afraid of his puppet. Sorry
Uh, Ted?  Syria started using the air base again, less than 24 hours after the attack occurred.....
This is Putin at his dacha today along with his oligarch pals, upon learning that you think Putin fears his puppet.
Hahahaha. Trump would gladly suck Putin off and he knows it.
Lyin Ted.
Cuck
Don't be ridiculous Trump and Putin planned this using Tillerson as the messenger to distract from the Russia Trump collusion. Please
Why would Putin fear his lapdog?
I've always liked Ted! Glad to see Trump with some muscle behind him!
So senator, what was different this time to change your mind on Assad/Syria?
You better look up the word fear, Canadian.
Seriously.. What a joke? this pure optics .. they're already using the field..
Well then Senator Flip-Flop, where was ur support for @BarackObama in 2013 when he asked for it for the same type of strike? #TrumpRussia
Putin feared Hillary. He finds Trump to be a useful play toy.
