

This is awesome!!!!!
I live to serve :)
Who cares if you moved some debris. Remember your vote on Sandy? You left Americans out in the cold.
Use all your jerk off tissues and socks to soak up some Irma and Harvey flood water
Heroes who tirelessly worked while u watched Porn. It's like reading Green Eggs & Ham on sen floor during debt ceil debate, excepts its porn
It's OK Ted, humans have needs. Just try to respect that others have urges too. #thelordworksinmysteriousways #plankinyoureye
People who slam Cruz over nonsense and fake news have no interest in solving our country's problems.
Fake news? Sorry, that's as real as it gets bwhahahhaa

"Ted Cruz lends a hand...."
to his dick
Someone needs to investigate the Red Cross and the allegations of their stealing donations from churches, selling what they can for profit

It's nice of you to take time out from your busy porn-watching schedule to tweet about #Harvey.
Grateful to join the hundreds of Texans working to help their neighbors recover from #Harvey. 
And then go home to watch some porn :-)

Especially those in short skirts
Yes. Yanking your manhood to incest porn really really helps them Ted.

Senator are you a wolf in sheep's clothing? You talk about sexual things too much? Don't be naughty please, pray away evel thought lol
Are you also grateful for Trump absolutely humiliating your wife during the campaign? Sure looks like you are to me.
!!!!!!!And lots of Welfare !!!!!!!  Grate !!!  Taxes r coming stupid GOP follower be prepare !!!!!!!to pay more!!!
Searching for more porn? On 9/11?? And LIKING it??? Oh ted.......
Make sure you see Teddy wash his hands before you join with him.
How do you fit all this in with your rigorous masturbating schedule?

We can buy idea it was a staffer. But that means you will fire that staffer, right? Staffer was doing this on taxpayer's dime, obviously.
how about recovering from 

masturbation addiction?!?!?!

#praying

All that talk of helping hands and 9/11 put Uncle Ted in the mood. Luckily his staff responds to his needs and eradicated history.
And "Coming together".
Teddy, come back to us. We still like you, you lil rascal!

The original headline was "Ted Cruz Masters Smartphone Single-Handedly."

http://nymag.com/selectall/2017/09/ted-cruz-likes-porn-tweet-from-official-twitter-account.html …
ted cruz get your back election voter help you winning we biggest government texas
I can't wait to cast my vote for #betofortexas  - you're toast Ted.
And when you need a break to blow off steam, Pornhub is there for you.
Please at least wash your hands before you do. You know what, wash them in front of us, I don't trust you.
Stop, y'all. Someone TOTALLY hacked into his account, liked a video & didn't take the opportunity to do anything else... Obama perhaps, hmm?

Ted "lends his hands" all the time, mostly to himself #teenagetitfilm

Getting his hands dirty alright lol
Funny how a camera was there to catch you helping.
Sounds like you've had your hands busy!
Such BS those are the same people you are actively working to take away their health insurance! Fake christian! Go back to your porn!
Really, Ted? Don't ever try to moralize about sex again, especially to women.
Ted, Japanese girls are cute too!
Look away Ted, look away

#neverforget that the Republicans are the party of values.  Porn searching on 9/11   sick
Ted is twisted!
Ted Cruz thinks people don't have a right to "stimulate their genitals." I was his college roommate. This would be a new belief of his.
"My account was hacked" in 3.....2......1......
He seems like the type who would blame someone else like an intern.
I'm just surprised and happy I got to screen shot it.... someone is definitely getting fired.  How is it still up?  Lol
What a hypocritical ass!  I guess that is why all of his colleagues despise him....they know he is such a snake in the grass!
"Lends a hand"
I hear that Ted always lends a hand!
Ted Cruz thinks people don't have a right to "stimulate their genitals." I was his college roommate. This would be a new belief of his.
https://twitter.com/msrachelwolf/status/907468499907256320 …
Glad to see you helped out as well, everyone needs to do so  #EndDACA @realDonaldTrump @potus #MAGA #MASA #DTS #LockHerUp #BuildTheWall
It's becoming painful obvious you are using this tragedy to shoot campaign videos...a truly despicable, shameful thing to do
Like John Boehner said, he is Lucifer in the flesh. Like Trump said Lyin Ted Cruz
Texas. We have not forgotten you
Tell them the truth about #HurricaneHarvey 
#CloudSeeding #HAARP #WeatherManipulation #GeoEngineering 
Thank you, Sen. Cruz. You're a true American patriot
And a born closet porn
I don't think Ted Cruz was thinking 9-11. Ted did your wife watch you clean up on the drapes
Why do you keep posting this inappropriate campaign crap?
