One of the few times I've ever agreed with Ted Cruze, and he's  % correct on this one,put all ur egos in check and get this done 
do you know they want to cut out pre-existing conditions? Shame!
Failure is the option you and Cruz selected for us; you handed that miserable sharpie Nancy Pelosi an unearned victory.
@freedomcaucus @tedcruz Failure is all you do. 24 million fewer insured is nothing to be proud of.
Not according to SCOTUS. I'm guessing you aren't a constitutional scholar though?
What other options do you have? Friday was a failure. #Meadowscare
you just st failed and I have Ocare forever now.
Why is this a once-in-a-lifetime option why don't we just get a better Bill.why do we have to just pass something that nobody seems to like
That bill to repeal the ACA IS a failure. It is not a failure when you do the right thing for Americans.
@bobb1182 @GaetaSusan do you know they want to cut out pre-existing conditions? Shame!
get on board today & lets MAGA. Don't make our party a failure. Trust @POTUS
hello! You just failed big time! Stupid is as stupid does. You need to learn strategy. Clearly don't have a clue
Poor Ted... loser again...
thanks to you MARK any repeal of ObamaCare is now dead in the water! WE are tired of DC gridlock! COMPROMISE, man!
WE WILL BE LAUGHING STOCK IF WE DON'T PASS IT AS A START!  STAND TOGETHER FOR GOODNESS SAKE.
Get rid of all freeloader. Evict them. NOW.
GOP is a laughing stock already.  Your ship is sailing off into a YUGE disaster.
I told you so. Americans LIKE Obamacare.  Americans NEED insurance.  Why do you hate Americans?
@jstines3 @tedcruz @alweaver22 I  wish Ted Cruz had won nomination.I caucused4 him in Maine & we carried him.it was my honor
C @SpeakerRyan already FAILED Working America w his #A_Better_Way which ISN'T what #WeThePeople VOTED 4! @POTUS @VP
and you both will be responsible for the failure
Correct. This will be the only chance to rid us of a terrible law that was rammed down our throats. Do it right.
lol it was not "rammed down" anyone's throat. There were tons of town halls and studies. stop lying guy
ACA was thousands of pages long. Got less than 24 hours to read and make a decision. 
Nobody read it and Obama changed it countless times. 1/5 of US economy decided by one party.
BS.  just total BS.
okay egg
.@tedcruz Robbing from the poor, middle class and elderly to make the rich richer is treachery towards your constituents.
Well, you just failed!!!
A LITTLE LOUDER PLEASE......but is not one bit funny!  
Email"thepuppetrevolution@gmail.com" solutn
Well you did blow it. You had 6/7 yrs to have a plan you FAILED @Jim_Jordan pre/existing conditions have to go WHY?
you are clearly just running for next Potus election not for your voters. All about self
Ted I lived you! Not so much anymore!
REPEAL but do NOT "replace" it.  QUIT trying to make a law where one is not wanted or needed!!! Make it FREE MARKET
Repeal Obama care or let die on vine.
your blind ideology is leading America into a major victory for the DNC & Hillary Clinton; pls be sane
Better to be a laughingstock than a murderer. People are begging for the chance to live. Fix it, don't repeal it. #realdeathpanel
.@tedcruz Sen NaySay Green Eggs and Ham Cruz rarely accomplishes anything anyway. Just means rest of congress will join him.
Yet you come up with #Trumpcare that shows the miniscule regard you have for common American. #resist
@bobb1182 @GaetaSusan do you know they want to cut out pre-existing conditions? Shame!
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz
Well at this rate @RepMarkMeadows Im thinking every one of them needs replace.. each & every one.. @gwallace48 @tedcruz
- U going to replace them with t hate America DEMS?
nope.. new & fresh Repubs or Independents.. which ever works to get them replaces @RepMarkMeadows @tedcruz
health care is for all.  But we all shouldn't have to pay for it.
I find that's the American way. Why should you pay for someone else. Except, what if YOU were the one who couldn't afford?
Why ask us to follow Cruz; a yr ago he was TROUNCED in primary after primary, you are no closer to a majority today. Fruitless strategy
@sheipet912 Don't worry about who's laughing...just keep the American people's interests in mind! Keep fighting @tedcruz
You all are already laughing stock as far as most Americans are concerned.
That's right Ted.  And you and your other extreme buddies will get the blame from Repubs while the liberals take your offices.
Well, failure IS an option & cancelling the vote is the first step. We're going to find out if the GOP can govern
Being a laughing stock is harder to face than stripping 24 mil ppl's health insurance?
Pride goeth before a fall. Screw up my #ACA insurance & I will make sure you all fall.
Not laughing stock, party will cease to exist. Too many broken promises. Get behind Rand Paul Plan
Koch brothers or Trump make ur choice.
#goodbyefreedomcaucus
@claudiapoindex2 @tedcruz @dcexaminer Lying Ted... Hate 2 tell U but the entire world has been laughing at ur GOP, big joke
So what!?Keep ur head up and Do The Right Thing. No http://tr.care . Everybody in the world knows it sucks.
Too bad Mr Cruz that you don't realize failure is passing a bad bill.
The Republican party is an embarassment. The American people did not want to loose coverage which they will under GOP plan.
Stick together...conservative all the way....or come home and let another conservative do it. Market based
What do you mean, "will be"?  
Insurance and pharma are becoming filthy rich off mandates while ppl suffer.
u must work with insurance and pharma to reduce costs too...friend pays $630 per chemo pill. We cannot sustain!!
.@RepMarkMeadows @ConserValidity @tedcruz   GOP gained seats twice + elected Trump, what are they afraid of? The people are behind them! WTF
We elected Trump because we Agree with his promises. GOP, please honor the people's Choice 4 once
THE AVERAGE TAX PAYER hate politicians for a reason... You all can change that...
The Freedom Caucus is working hard to fail again. You guys really don't know how to actually get something done.
but correctly not to pls the angry man in the WH cause that will lead to lost elections too thanks
well... you've done it. The GOP is the laughing stock of the world.
Failure is your new healthcare plan! #CheckYouVoicemail
If you do not vote for this bill to replace OCare you are done in NC.  Believe Me.
From the children, parents, and neighbors of those that will die because of the GOP Healthcare Bill- we beg you to stop it.
then why are you pushing failure? If this bill fails you own Obamacare not the Democrats
Part of promise was to replace w/something better. AHCA is better for wealthy, young healthy only.
Full repeal was promised. Nothing less will suffice.
You're both blowing it just like Cruz in the primary. It's time to get with the President or oppose you hereafter.
This version will cripple 50-64 yr olds. Money that should be saved for retirement will go to pay ins premiums.
What's your endgame if you sabotage this bill and permanently weaken Trump?
um, sorry to burst your bubble, but you already are laughing stock & you are going to fail
Fail GOP already a laughing stock thanks to Trump
News flash:  Repblicans are already a laughingstock.
too late :-))
improve it / don't just repeal!
but, we all know our @GOP all to well - DEAF, DUMB & INCOMPETENT 
. Exactly
Love the headline: GOP *will* be a laughing stock... too late. They will go down w/ Trump. History will not be kind
Leaving the most vulnerable in dire straits!
Unless Ryan makes good on repeal he's history.
@freedomcaucus @tedcruz well we see that GOP & failure are synonymous. 45,entirecabinet,healthcare,budget all examples
and i don't buy into that needs  60 senators  to get through  just go nukealr on it is all
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz Just let #Obamacare collapse! Obama & all Dems own it. #FreeMarket to fix healthcare.
no the @gop will b irreparably damaged if they become the party of govt health care. #NoReplacement
I agree, they had all these years for a plan..."figure it out"!!
@hectormorenco @tedcruz @dcexaminer It's time for Term Limits. Time to get LIFERS OUT & people who want the US to be Great
GOP is already a laughingstock and Cruz is their Pitchman.
They will, once again, snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. @RepMarkMeadows @RonNehring @tedcruz
I don't understnd y any of u think it's the fed gov's job to provide u with anything other than security from foreign invasion
The healthcare package before the House of Representatives is the codified guarantee of Republican failure!
You already are a laughing stock .. on so many levels.
Repeal is the only option the American people will accept.
The cuts to medicare will destroy thousands of family's with disabled children. Why?? Tax cuts for the rich?
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz @dcexaminer #gop is already a laughing stock
You Repuglicans should be ashamed.  Ppl are finally seeing what your #1 concern is. Yourselves!
. Yep
How dare you say Dems won't work with Rplcns when you Aholes obstructed for 8 F'ing years!  @tedcruz
Oh but it's the option republicans will choose time they went the way of the wig party they replaced
GOP is already a laughingstock.  No one actually believes they will do ANYTHING they said they would do.
Republicans, progressives are going to hate anything you do. Why not keep your promise? #FullRepeal
FAIL
FAIL
FAIL
FAIL
OK..then bridge the gaps; start with withdraw of health insurer antitrust exemption that had capped profit pre-70's
TED OH TED. OH TED
make history. Pass single payor.
"Once in a lifetime to ROB $ FROM ACAfor US AND OUR pals". #wearewatching AMERICANS SAY NOREPEAL
no Americans voted for repeal! That is what needs to be done.
Pew Research=Majority don't want repeal. GOP going down crazy road on this. #NOrepeal
Too late
Go ahead and pass the POS Bill and kiss your party's political future goodbye.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz   So far it is higher premiums , lower or no coverage
@freedomcaucus @tedcruz Repeal & Rape, Seniors are just barley able to afford premiums now ,forces no option at all.
JOHN BOENER HAD CRUZ FIGURED...HE IS THE MOST MISERABLE............ GOD MIGHT NOT PITTY YOU TED.  THINK ABT IT!!!
YOU ARE PITIFUL FOR GUTTING AID TO THE POOR!!!  ONCE IN A LIFETIME TO HELP BILLIONAIRES MAYBE.  LIVINGINYOUROWNH-LL
I fully agree. We need an impressive healthcare package for anyone that wants it. Impressive.
"if" lol. America is losing patience with you dinosaur fake-Christian racists. #GOP
.@RepMarkMeadows @tedcruz America IS NOW a laughing stock GLOBALLY and @GOP is responsible. Your concern for them is more Party over Country
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz @dcexaminer All it takes for America to fail is RHINOS being in charge after Democrats fail.
Ted, if we miss this window of opportunity you and Freedom Caucus holding back will be responsible!
Too late. Laughing is already in full swing. #TrumpDontCare #Trumpcare
@ s
until democratics gain control and the stupid cycle of incompetent politicians continues
Ted,your a laughing stock now!
Pssst....you already are a laughing stock.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz @dcexaminer you guy's better get it right! But more importantly, stand united with the potus!
Ted is not right. His scorch and burn plan will actually cause a lot of horrible deaths.
If not today with a good plan, it will never happen.  Work together and the next election will be a GOP victory!
You and Ted are foolish, blind or sold to the highest political bidder.
You mean this isn't already the case??
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz you are a laughing stock
. Ted Cruz is
Awesome and he tries.. Unlike some the rest
BS
@SenTedCruz About 52 m lifetimes according to CBO. Skipped the part about caring "for the least of these" didn't ya Ted.
Isn't it unconstitutional for the federal govt to make Americans buy anything (including the 30% penalty)

I will send this to every member of congress so they can see the real people they effect w/their votes.
#healthcare

…
With the use of #ractopamine by our live stock producers causing a massive pandemic of obesity - let them and the @USDA pay for it.
@BarackObama let in 60 million illegal hispanic peasants who are now clogging up the ERs bankrupting hospitals. Let him pay for their health
Spot on.
Thank you Ted for real leadership helping the voter and MAGA.
There's nothing wrong with our health care system. It's the best in the world. The only problem is ... IT COSTS TOO DAMN MUCH !!!
and leave the rest of us alone, we can make our deals w drs and ins cos, only need catestrophic ins
too late- such yesterday men, totally misjudge the mood of the country with #Trumpshit #trumplies #trumpgate
If I don't have health care and I get sick it's on me. Guess it's time to die. The weak should die. Only the strong should live.
we prefer full repeal, do something for the 10 or so mil on it, repeal regs fix tort law
News flash_You're ALREADY mocked for your greed, hypocrisy, fake religious fervor & being whores to big $$.
yes the whole country is watching
@jdStetter @tedcruz  so we should repeal the damn thing. Obamacare 2.0 is a disaster!
Everybody wants to own a car. Some have to take the bus, ride a bike or walk. If you don't have health care why should I provide it for you?
A reporter asked @PressSec if he can guarantee health care for "everybody". Why does the govt have to guarantee health care for everybody?
I agree with him completely.
a FULL repeal only!!!!
Fully agree! Whatever its form, Republicans must pass an Obamacare replacement. If they fail, 2018 ends
It's too late, Ted.
Should be POTUS.  America messed up big time.

Parenting is hard. http://on.cc.com/2nAbwSW  
Too late. RepubliCare proposal already made you laughing stocks.

We have to fix that, not go nuts and destroy ourselves in a @gop tantrum.Ask @AARP @AmerMedicalAssn


throwing stones is easy. Governing is hard. Healthcare is complicated.
That is not true. Only scam artists use that language. #scamalert
I have it from good sources that Cruz's dad was a Oswald partner so I would not trust his son.
or do the right thing for once and fix the problems. clearly you don't have a plan to keep the good of obamacare
there is no good.  Full repeal.
... Pre-existing conditions..Mental health...Medicare expansion...Slowed skyrocketing prices...
get the .gov out of it
and how much worse a laughingstock if you replace it with something that fails utterly! #AHCA
you're a laughing stock because you had 7 years to come up with a bill and this is the garbage you came up with.
failure to the people you serve is the eventual outcome!
For Ted Cruz, failure isn't an option. It's a Senatorial commitment. #SelfTermLimit now. You are useless.
