No liberal was ashamed, shocked or amazed when @SenatorReid changed the rules to benefit the Dems. What goes around comes around.
Exactly
Only now any majority party in congress will be able to have absolute say in whoever is given a seat in the future.
Republicans almost always voted for a democratic president's choice for SCOTUS. So basically the playing field will now be even.
Not so. Now nobody can stop the majority rule. I mean, why call it a republic if we're just working on majority rule? Further, history shows
You should have talked with Senator Reid when he started changing things for Dems.
Would have loved to. But let's be real Linda, revenge politics have never made anything better. How will that help the American people?
It was definitely a short sighted victory for GOP.
Yes! MAGA# Thank you all Senators who stood strong for Judge Gorsuch 
Yes Brian, it was eight years of sadness.
Great Day and #1 Reason Trump won No one wanted Hilary or Barack picking SCOTUS
You seem to take issue with hyperbole when it comes from the other side
Fair enough
What a great day it is to have a #SCOTUS who embraces the Constitution!
Most are hacks interpreting law on feelings.
...and all it cost us was about 200 years of checks and balances...
This process simply confirms that the Supreme Court has become an extension of the non-viable political partisanship
The SC is going to end up exactly like the senate. Good observation.
How many of the 45 NO were YES, 10 years ago? Shouldn't they give a written explanation for their VOTE?
It only took 14 months and a fixed election.
Next Justice now needs to be a Conservative to give a 6/9 majority to undo the century long Progressive dominance to move forward.
Hurray!  Great man, great judge.
ANOTHER MAN OF GOD IN THE WHITE HOUSE... This is huge! Please pray for us in Canada! Love you! Praying for you!
who??  Whose God?
WHATEVER ISSUES YOU'RE HAVING WITH GOD... YOU NEED TO FIND YOUR OWN ANSWER. I KNOW GOD.
It's always great to see you sitting on the bench, you missed your calling life as judge =) for the supreme court
Those were some beautiful words we heard our Vice-President Pence say!  So happy he was confirmed to SCOTUS!!!  President Trump did great!!!
gull crappy

We Congratulate Neil Gorsuch and our President Trump for giving America  this Justice to represent our citizens by the law & constitution
and what part of the constitution and law needs interpretation by him???
May the hearts that have been lifted with joy in the knowledge that our freedom and Constitutional rights are protected against malice, SING
pentz has a job breaking ties. Not this time mike
Too bad the GOP had to steal this #SCOTUS pick. History will always note it as an asterisk on every 5/4 decision. Blocking Obama started it.
Another theft for republicans, based on LIES. Garland's chair. TURTLEHEAD made up LIES 2 prove his justification. 6 lame duck Presidents did

tap the brain
Thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful need I say more
liberals are losing EVERYTHING house / senate / executive / scotus / governorships. but yet they STILL worship obama. liberal logic.
YEA!
Yep. Repubs changed the rules to get him elected. It's a sad day for democracy.
Who changed the rules? Guess you have no memory of past. Explains alot.
They Changed The Rules For The Supreme Court Yes They Did That's Not Alternative Fact That's The Truth
Check your facts... The rule was changed years ago by @SenatorReid. And that's the truth. #MAGA
Everything But The Supreme Court You Check Your Facts The Reason More Filibusters Than All Other 43 Presidents Combine Facts
The real reason is the democrats wanted a puppet in the seat, someone who would side with the smashing or or Constitutional rights....
Also someone without GOD in their lives, is what the democrats wanted, proof is in the protest of Law,  follow the Law !  To the letter !
Your support is one of the reasons you'll be replaced next year. Enjoy while you can as its nearly over.
I'm sure your vote won't matter. You voted for Hillary.
FINALLY
Yay ! Gorsuch a judge for big business and not for the little guy. He rules to the far right of Scolia.
Hey Mikey!!   How many conservatives does it take to screw in a light bulb?????
PREMEDITATED ARSONIST SHOULD BE GIVEN A LIFE TO DEATH SENTENCE - enough of the terroristic fires being set in our Country!!!  END TERRORISM!
The @GOP dragged the dark cloud over #Gorsuch into our @Scotus
Congratulations!
You said it like a BOSS 
And you suck.
Finally thank God!
abortion is reduced i e more soul is saved! Congratulations to justice Neil M. Gorsuch ! God bless you !
It will always be a stolen SC seat that they couldn't get the votes needed so they had to change the rules in order to get the win.
It's about time! Our potentially great government has been stuck in a quagmire (swamp). If we become flexible & open we'll be great again!
Great Job Mr VP
congratulations!
Congratulations! America needs you badly judge Gorsuch!
When the righteous increase, the people rejoice, but when a wicked man rules, people groan.
One giant step for #GOP. One huge step backwards for #America.
Amen 
Libs were against Gorsuch because he's a constitutionalist. They use the constitution as a door mat
Thank you!
yes.
Finally normality restored
#RepublicansCheated
Plus the president attacks countries without going to Congress for approval Congress changes the rules because they can't work together
The Republican's have control of all both Congress and the house plus the presidency and still can't get stuff done, what a joke
GOD is good that many doesn't see and have miracles or mysterious way for HIS children that obeys HIM. JUDGE you deserve it.
ÿy.
Sad day when @HouseGOP @GOP @SpeakerRyan @POTUS @SenateMajLdr CHEAT and change the rules TO GET THEIR WAY! What a joke! IDIOTS!
Great news!
A  plagiarizing joke
This is a disgrace to the country white men changing the Rules because they are Loser.

Yea!  How  proud a constitutionalist just what the doctor called for !
Congratulation!!!
You are all guilty of treason and partisan political moves. History will judge you.


78% of Americans oppose efforts to sell #PublicLands, including 64% of Trump voters @SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray 
Yes!
shame. Shame
Amen!
Hey libtards AH HA HA HA HA HA

U can't get over how "great" the Senate damage is. Unable to grasp that half the nation hates u & ur boss. Ur 2 are jokes as leaders.
Another BFM by the corrupt kakistocracy!
Woohoo!!! I'm so glad!!! Congratulations Judge Gorsuch!!
Thank you for your service VP Pence.  Prayers for you and your family, the administration and Pres. Trump and his family.  So glad you ar VP
Neil Gorsuch: "Education never hurt me none." http://tiny.cc/o7b0jy  #gorsuch
STOLEN is more the word! GOP just did whatever they wanted! Saying " f#@k off people of America!" As they went
Peace I leave with you, My peace I give unto you, let not your heart be troubled, believe in God believe also in me(Jesus Christ)
Congratulations to Mr Gorsuch and to America!
The Dems made big fools of themselves by dragging this out for weeks and wasting tax payers money plus focusing on what we really needed to
Thank you arrogant @TheDemocrats and Harry Reid
If I in grade school I would look at Democrats and say "cheaters proof". Hahaha
Ues a million yes you go a
America
Praise God.
Three cheers. Well done everyone.
This is a win for all Americans.
Excellent! 
THY SHALL NOT STEAL!!!
Stolen seat, filled by FakePOTUS, confirmed by breaking rules. "What but ruin & disaster could be the end of this grotesque pretension?"
AMEN AMEN!!!
Congratulations! I wanted you right from the beginning of the nomination process. America has been blessed with a new #SCOTUS #MAGA 
what happens if an employee is late for work constantly?  i watched the live coverage.  how come so many of the DNC were late to vote?
HOORAY!!!!!!
Yet one more day of disappointment and despair.
All these appointments, orders, edicts, and decrees will be null and void when the #TrumpPence gang are all in prison.
.    Syria
What a bunch of con artist. 
it's about time
His confirmation should be voided once trump is removed from office for treason
Hahahaha  I can't stop laughing at your delusion!! 
Thank goodness!  Godspeed.
Good- Judge Gorsuch should be put through. Schumer and those old Farts can't recognize a decent intelligent honest man.
Can u provide justice of Khushi because Mr. Gorsuch have William wargosh DNA.# Longshore.
Awesome! Great day for the United States and a great day for the Supreme Court!!
#gorsuchasterisk
So, confirmed by scamming the system...oh wait, I forgot you believe in a fictitious being, never mind.
And there IS hope once again!
Confirmed with less than 60 votes equals, illegitimate!!  Same as the #SCROTUS#RUSSIA#SYRIA#IMPEACH45
Pew Yah !!!
Monumental day in history, POTUS just restored America in 2 days, but fringe supporters want to make it about themselves! #AmericaFirst !
You and the GOP have truly declared war on democracy:
Stolen SCOTUS seat
Nuclear option
WTF!
This seat belongs to Merrick Garland
A great day.
Well done @VP
Give God the Glory....
Thank you sir
One of the worst actions ever by the Senate and a VP. Will go down on history as craven, short-sighted and partisan act.
Awesome!!
Finally, Finally.  You lost Sen. Shumer  AGAIN.

@cspan Thank God it's Over!#SCOTUSnominated 113th Judge of the Supreme Court of the United States.@Franklin_Graham
And Americans win....
@SenateRPC @VP You've just appointed a tainted-stolen seat judge. Ashamed.  Tainted.  Stolen.  Anarchy in progress! #Hypocrites
Very ironic of you to say that
Ironic how those criticizing Ds of corruption are now sucked into the mother load. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Repeal Neil.
Ted Cruz you will be fired for this!!!!!!!!
@SenateRPC @VP Ashamed of what you've done..ASHAMED. Means majority vote in election rules then, right? #Hypocrites
Unborn children thank you! Hopefully the butchering of the unborn children will end soon.

Vote him down!
The citizens of Colorado should be proud.
Beautiful 
&while u r sitting on ur throne directing alt right, #socalledpresident is golfing while tax payers support u! U will lose,BIGLY!
and our Democracy dies thanks to a bunch of old white privileged men.   We will not stand for this in 2018.
How so? This is how the system works. GOP wins aren't wrong just because they favor the GOP. 2018 will further the GOP working for the US
Day 1 Of the Trump/Gop Regimen! They changed rules to get this guy in and dishonored American democracy, He will never be a real SCOTUS!
#cheaters
another sad day for the US...To the Dems who voted for this BS..we wont forget you at all...The R's are just full of themselves. #assholes
Yes!!
And the swamp fills just a little bit more.....

fuck pence/GOP and thief justice gorsuch
Disgusting. We won't forget .@JeffFlake for breaking the law of the land. #flakeout2018
Please find "filibuster" in the Constitution.
