I hope this opens up the free market  for internet access so the ISP monopolies can be broken. #PJNET #CCOT #TCOT #FreeTheNet @patriotginger
Senator Cruz, your support of Net Neutrality roll-back will loose. You are out of touch with your constituents.
Lyer, lyer pants of fire! He did exactly the opposite and YOU KNOW IT! You should be ashamed of yourself for selling out the American people
LOL. ISPs will aim to slow them too. It'll be cost to actually lay their own fiber minus one cent.
BRAVO!!  The Internet is not a public utility.
internet is not a public utility. Neither should be electricity or running water or roads or rivers or trains. I see y FCC under commerce
but portions of the Internet run over private facilities, too.
Unless those private facilities choose not to run by your house. Then you have nothing. But you get to hear about how cool it is.
You are a fool if you think this is good for Americans. Only good for corporations.
A brave move from a former counsel for Verizon!
Yet our citizen privacy and 4th amendment being attacked daily by spies, hackers, gov and corps.
"Open Internet".....ha ha ha Orwellian Doublespeak!
If Ted Cruz is on your side, you know that it's all about corporate cash.
Do you even own a computer?
Do you know nothing about this issue? Or are you in the pocket of the ISPs and their lobbyists? Oh yeah, both!
Nope, he's gonna kill it.
Protecting? I think you mean threatening.
Open for monopolistic operators is not the same as open for the users who rely on Internet communications.
How much money have you taken from ISP's this year alone to spout this kind of bullshit? And you KNOW it's bullshit
Actually, he did the exact opposite...
Orwellian doublespeak for yet another government giveaway to corporations.
How is it more open exactly?
Did the Mercers tell you to help with dismantling net neutrality?
You mean screwing us over?
Hahha significant great step wow, take everything away from people
Only an idiot would believe this is good for people.  You apparently qualify.
Sen Cruz, I truly dont think you understand what this does towards harming the openness of  the internet.  Please do more research
We are all well aware that you have no understanding of net neutrality so now I know this is bad.
That is an outright lie. This is a step towards fleecing consumers and in effect restricting free speech to those who can pay for bandwidth.
Net Neutrality is about protecting users. How do you miss the entire point of this simple concept? ISPs are not the ones at risk here. #Derp
Your wrong. It was already great
Title II debate presents a fundamental choice: internet freedom or Corp telecom profits. @AjitPaiFCC and @mikeofcc stand on side of ISPs.
Standing to support you!
If your for it, I'm against it.
Teddy, thanks for playing the roll of cub reporter on these Federal issues.
You're so clueless it's staggering-the joy you get by hurting those not in your tax bracket:AHCA-Wall-Tax Cuts-NetNeut. is just sick! #2018
That's 2 nods to @SenTedCruz for me in one day. Do pigs fly now?
why do you lie so much?you are trying to end net neutrality.Do you hope your voters cant read?@txlege @TXDemWomen explain it at a Town hall
Thanks Senator for communicating via Twitter & other social media
Ah, Senator Cruz, you shouldn't speak about things you know so little about. But that would mean you probably wouldn't ever speak.
Pls investigate the UN letter saying the US will have violated an Global agreement if they repeal Obamacare! We have to repeal ASAP!
We DEMAND our internet BACK from the U.N.  Defund the UN.  We don't want to be part of it any longer.
Glad someone in the Senate is doing their job! 
You're not even pretending to care about regular people any more, are you?
You, Senator Cruz, obviously have no understanding of the marketplace...
Thank God
Yes!!!!!

I guess the big boys will soon be able to squeeze the smaller players out and then line their (and your) pockets
This
You are not interested in an open internet You vote against net neutrality and for IP's being able to sell our private information You sham
Nope. Internet access is too important in today's business to leave it to ISPs to operate. They work for their pockets not my service.
@EFF Are you interested in chiming in here?
And not allow them to monetize our private data?  Or will that piss of your telecom donors?
Did Al Gore sign off on this?
Which of your campaign donors asked for this one? Im assuming Congress exempted their private data and just let everyone else vulnerable
"The internet has made everything better so let's change it."
Right on. Cant believe trump hasnt done that yet. Cannot stand t un
It's the opposite, actually.
