Leaders aren't afraid of proposing the most difficult of ideas cause solving the most complicated of ideas is the reason we go to school.
Bingo
All you guys do is talk talk do already FYI you have the house and Senate. And presidency. GOP fools
This from my Senator who is getting a big bailout for Texas Harvey. And, agreed to cut FEMA. Government has a place, @tedcruz.  Play fair
And, Dimms  want to give that tax money to non citizens!
Democrats SPEND on themselves through taxpayers, that's why they want to grow a bigger government!
Unfortunately, the Republicans (with a few exceptions, like Ted) are the new T&S&B party. Time for a new party!
What does he say about tax cuts for the wealthy adding to our national debt?
Gee Rafael (Ted), how much for your moronic wall?  Countless BILLIONS?  Socialism is only okay when it serves your shit-stained wants?

Sex education at Ted's place 
Wow. Ted Lies. What are the collective costs in the two wars started by the Dick Cheney Admin? And, what did toxic subprime & TARP cost US?
Suggest "work smart" with moderate democrats.  Labels are not productive, i.e." tax & spend & borrow".  Inflammatory rhetoric is a "no win".
90% top marginal rate? COME ON
I like @tedcruz, but @GOP is only a little better than @DNC; need more Cruz and @RandPaul and less of so many others!
Good to have experience but also embrace possible change. Allow failure for change effort occasionally. Go Ted!
Who is supporting billions of $$for a wall that is not paid for?? @GOP party of spend more tax less and bankrupt the country. #gopcantgovern
Sorry Ted Debt passed $20T when R's control House, Senate and Presidency. All politicians like to spend other peoples money
True, but they actually stand together and get their agenda thru. Right or wrong they actually do what they say.(R) are the do nothing party
You tell them Ted then they yell 'FREE' when it's off our backs
Absolutely True 
I am a Cruz supporter and agree.  But frustrated that the spending, deficits, etc. continue w/ Repubs in complete control.  Will end poorly!
...and the Republicans are the "spend... and spend" party.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz God will judge you. You stand accused of failing to care for the least of these. Serve God not Mammon.
Republicans have also spent beyond their means. Both Parties to blame.
Republicans just increased the debt ceiling.
So true...
Sigh,  Republicans are as guilty as Dems Ted.
Well we all want shit for free and services but that costs money bottom line taxes are needed to pay for services .... Smh! Your a evil Man
Ugh.... you guys talk a good game but fall short on execution !
WRITE IT ON CONGRESS FOREARM 15% 15% TWICE FOR THE LEFT AND RIGHT BRAIN
Fox News is the go to station for these lying R's.  As usual Cruz is lying. It's the R's that r the tax n spend. Been that way for years now
Yes. They support and we are complicit
same ole, same ole rhetoric - god, let the truth reign again soon.
and oh yeah.. the @POTUS is with them..
All of Cruz's interviews will be on split screen..no one dares to shake hands w/this guy. Ew 
Daca but no wall? 
I feel dead inside
Im done bc i truly c now that no politican cares abt my kids
No $$ 4 school4 poor white kids w a dad
How does DACA affect your kid's ability to go to school?
Ted Cruz is the say anything candidate. Signed an honor bound oath to support nominee, then did nothing to support the candidate.
So do Republicans....
They are fools. If they really want more money than cut taxes. Look at what Kennedy did.
You got that right.  Repeal the 16th amendment.
What about porn and your stance on that?
@MariaBartiromo @tedcruz And the Republicans are the promise and  then do nothing party.
Republican in control and haven't seen any major cuts to massive bloated Federal Govt to reduce deficits
But Republicans are the cut taxes and spend even more party. Take a f***ing math class!
Predatory Capitalism has to stop. Republicans have had 7 years to come up with a better plan... crickets. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll.
Do those on the left love to work so the government can take their hard earned money away in taxes??? I want to keep my money!!! How stupid!
Last time I looked. Republicans have done NOTHING to lower taxes. Quit your TV tour and go to work or get out of office.
Hey @SenTedCruz tell us how both the Iraq and Afghanistan wars Bush/Cheney started & #GOP funded didn't add to debt
Hypocritical-- our Defense spending is ridiculous as are tax cuts for the wealthy that have 2+ homes, and $$$ for extra health costs
When are we going to discuss your porn likes?
Go watch some porn @tedcruz and relax a little! 
BS.
I just don't see the difference between the 2 parties any longer. #FederalistParty @Federalists_USA
I'm sure Maria told you that tax cuts enacted over the past 30 years didn't do anything for long term growth only increases deficit.
And u r for tax breaks for the rich and screw the middle class like u been doing for the last 30 yrs. Don't make us laugh. Pathetic
Sen Cruz? The Dems are the spenders? Tell me when the GOP has ever cut real spending size and scope of government? Both parties R enemies
Wish you would have asked him point blank if he wants our president to succeed. He had a shitty grin when you said that 
And the @GOP is the party of handing off power when they drive the country into financial ruin
Lying sack of shit.
Lol President Trump even likes playing the GOP and the conservative media. Let the man do his job and then judge.
Ted Cruz isn't a citizen
I want to buy a new uber
#fakenews
Please prove it. The Republican Congress needs to give the American people and business a good tax reform legislation.
Except W was given a budgetary surplus from Clinton, then turned it into a MASSIVE deficit.  War, war, war, Repubs always have $ for war
meaning Iraq War that W had a 90% + approval rating for after 9/11 with  revenge factor for the invasion-then body bags started coming home
When Bush gave us the 4 big lies about why we were fighting there, I was not at all approving of it.  Neither were lots of intelligent ppl.
Trump said yesterday taxes will increase on the rich...
Sick of hearing all the caterwauling by Repubs when the GOP has no intentions of doing his agenda! That's what makes me  so mad!
Index Card  is the Tax Bill 
67.4 percent of wage earners had net compensation less than or equal to the $46,119.78 raw average wage. https://www.ssa.gov/cgi-bin/netcomp.cgi?year=2015 …
50 percent of wage earners had net compensation less than or equal to the median wage, which is estimated to be $29,930.13 for 2015.
Fake News lastnight WOW ,He Won Wall 
Maria, You should've asked Ted Cruz about that Porn Tweet he LIKED yesterday that was blowing up on Twitter

Not just Dems, Senator. From each of means to each of need, as preached by comrade @SenBobCorker @TNGOP @JohnCornyn
I Agree Any Deal is not OK 
Sounds just like Communism. Go figure.
He won't be slow trying to get some those taxes for his State after Harvey.
Carly Fiorina started speaking "Ted Cruz has been talking abt tax...5 yrs..." TURNED OFF TV-LEAST LIKEABLE PERSON EVER...
The Government should raise the taxes on all Corrupted Democrats and lower the taxes on all Hard working Republicans !
Lol
Bahaha.  What about "the wall" and increased military spending???? Who is paying for that?
Deficit spending started in earnest under Reagan/Bush..make up your mind.. you want to continue endless wars .. it takes big bucks to do so
Not a huge fan if Cruz but his points are valid on this. Put more Americans to work & tax revenue will increase. Simple as that.
Put them to work doing what?  Robots are doing the work.
That's your response? Robots are taking so many jobs which explains unemployment & that's the new norm?
Jobs that pay well for non college educated americans.  Yes.
"@tedcruz your full of it, the Democrats are trying fix the tax code, so you don't pay too much to the #TAXMAN in April." #Monopoly #IRS
Uh-huh - let's speak about those deficit based "Bush" tax cuts now
Yes and Trump is one of them!
Huckabee for president 2020 !!!
