Hope he washed that hand
All you could think about was Corey Chase...soupie
Ew @ your office!'
I guess she has health insurance and a check book! #MedicareForAll
Make sure the female staff on your right are all over 18. I speak from experience.
Uh, oh, Dr. Linda. You are blonde!!! Get these pictures off of Twitter before Ted....well, you know!
Liberals, viewing porn is not illegal; however, the pedophilia crimes on the left are; Guys here, you know you view it as well, hypocrites.



Yes, child molestors and abusive assaulting perverts are disgusting on both sides of the political aisle. But it's def not a "left" issue.
"There is no substantive-due-process right to stimulate one’s genitals for non-medical purposes unrelated to procreation..." ~Ted Cruz
I'm not gonna do that. It sounds too complicated.
Bahahaha!
Both yourself and POTUS do a lot of tweeting. Either of you getting any work done? Just curious.
Wanker
Who cares Teddy?
Everyone in that room knew.  #porngate

New NASA Hurricane Tracking Mission on Track https://go.nasa.gov/2f3q0fx 
I'm guessing you won't try to dick-tate what people should/shouldn't do in the privacy of their own homes anymore, eh?!
does she know what you did with that hand?
You had visitors. How nice. Now please get some work done!
Scientists shoot down Ted Cruz after attack on Nasa's Earth sciences mission https://www.theguardian.com/science/2015/mar/18/scientists-criticise-ted-cruz-attack-nasa?CMP=share_btn_tw …
New NASA Hurricane Tracking Mission on Track https://go.nasa.gov/2f3q0fx 

Ted Cruz's bill reversed Obama FCC privacy rule requiring ISP's to gain your consent before accessing/selling your web history to companies 
Did you tell her about your porn collection?
Did you remember to minimize your browser before hand?
she looks a bit like the lady in the video
it was the Russians hacking his twitter account
Oh, no!! I'm blonde. I hope Ted doesn't come across any pics of me!! EWWWWW!!! Now I need bleach for my brain!!!!
amen bless american country
she was hot!  
pervert
I hope you washed your hands before you shook her's. 
Hey Ted #MrCumShotTed #PornHubBoy
Did you show her your porn collection??
Hopefully you washed your hands before shaking her hand, after all you JERK OFF WebPORN #CUMSHOT #PORNHUB-TED
ewww I hope you washed your hand!
Lyin Ted now known as AstroGlide Ted. Always a Hands on Guy.
#VienerSlider
Hope you washed your hand after your early morning activities. 
I think owning it would be best... Teddy.

She touched his hand.
What's with the Casper silhouette on your avatar?
are you shaking her hand with the same one you use to.... eeew, can't even finish the thought.
Hey Ted - can you recommend any good porn sites? 
Just asking.
Interesting how all these trolls have this knowledge that porn world...
Ted Cruz 2020 #vision



Ted, I honestly, sincerely, think you should lean into how much you like to cum. Makes you more human and less sentient puppet like.
God the sexual assault campus with the porn addict
How's term limit legislation coming along?  You know one of those talking points you've made
Are those your horny staffers sitting next to you, Ted?
We know what happens in that #DC office.#GettinCruzWitIt
Really disappointed that you didn't watch the porn of your body double.  I mean, where is your loyalty?
Did ya explain that whole porn thing to the Baptist University president?
Ewwww. Don't shake Ted's hand, we all know where it has been.
CAPTION THIS PHOTO!!!!!
Yeah, no, not a chance that anyone would ever describe it as such...
Did you put out a new box of Kleenex?
Hope you kept her off your computer don't need to see that browser history
Ahahahaahahahahahahahaah Sexuall what lying Ted?



Ted Cruz, 2004, arguing on a state ban on dildos.
The same office you watch your porn in?
Was honored to meet with @Baylor President, Dr. Linda A. Livingstone, in my #DC office today. #SicEm 
Glad u were able to stop watching porn long enough to do something. On second thought America is better off if u just watch porn. Whack away
cc: @carringtonam, @ElaynethePain, @BenrarWinrar
Hahaha. #trumpisfat
Baylor? She must be into rape videos. Is that your thing too?
You people are hilarious, entertaining and hypocrites. Keep it up.
is that the one from the video?
Hi Ted!
Porn boy Cruz 
When he's not watching porn, this is what he does.

Then I guess you'll go home and watch some #RealityKing stuff?

I hope she immediately washed her hands before touching anything else
Cum on Ted give the people what they want and we want more 1am stuff
Did she ask you to wash your hands?
No Baylor is all about the sexual assault
Y'all like any videos?
