How American rolls, same as #FATCA
Fat Cats untouched, little guys devastated, can't even bank!
http://on.wsj.com/2dlM17d   
.@RepKevinBrady
What a marvelously exact lie. There can be no doubt your intention here is to deliberately deceive.
Stick to porn.
My husband retired from banking and agrees with you 100%.
Yeah.  I'm gonna respect the opinion of a porn aficionado...hard pass.
Are u a Hillary and Bill fan?

Is the word "fix" not a part of your vocabulary? You always want to tear down the house because the faucet drips.
Lying Ted...just lies lies lies
Too Big to Fail should never be permitted. American citizens have been devastated while the Banksters, your sponsors, rewarded. Shame on you
That was a known outcome when this BS was passed. Congress is incapable of helping US. They can only hurt the people.
Your telling us that? Try getting a development loan today...virtually impossible. Fix it like congress said they would.
Maybe if @tedcruz spent less time liking porn on twitter and actually legislating things would change.  #thesamebullshit #alwayscampaigning
Wrong again.  #LoseCruz2018
Quit cutting regulations on the banks then. Add more. Make them pay their fair share. End corporate welfare.
-So very true!  Just look at how many community banks no longer exist since Dodd Frank.  Tiered & Appropriate Regulation Please!
Damaging and successful. It has accomplished the exact harm it was truly intended to do.
Dodd Frank had nothing to do with that.
Teddy.
Amen. Most of Congress is all about "their" money.
Please stop #DACA,  stop illegal immigration.  Most important. #AmericaFirst
Please be my guest on Counter Point with Gary Jenkins Saturday on KIDY TV, September  30th.  Call 203 410-6053.
REPEAL it!
Nope - it also protects consumers from another crash- you need to include the shadow banking now as they try again to financially rape us
And small business owners have no access to capital!!
Can u plz explain the deal trump made with democrats? Too much confusing news, did trump cave on the wall?
Yeah, we all know that! You guy's need to DO SOMETHING, DO ANYTHING, ANYTHING AT ALL!
We know you work for the banks, not the American people who bear the brunt of too big to fail institutions @BetoORourke for Senate 2018
Anyone who was affected by the great recession knows what a lying piece of shit Ted Cruz is.
To big to fail is really to big to weigh pile of bull defalcations!

Then time to bust up banks that are "too big to fail."
False completely utterly false
TOO BIG TO FAIL...AND TOO RICH TO JAIL...WE NEED JUSTICE IN THIS COUNTRY...PLEASE PUT MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD ON TERRORIST LIST
So do you need to continue to pull ppl's tax returns for every single loan?  Will that stop?
Blah blah blah ....Ur those 2nd most damaging piece of .... vote for @BetoORourke 2018 Ted Has To GO !!!
No it is not!
Hey, darn it, I'm serious

You're mortified to be caught consuming porn, but you're NOT the least bit embarrassed to tell us that big fat Christian lie?
get rid of Dodd Frank legislation
Every time Ted opens his mouth...
Won't happen. You don't have the votes, and no one likes you.
Stick to porn Ted.  Your a liar.
Your lips are moving..so this is a LIE!
#Girlbye
Poor teddy, he wanks it and now his twitter feed is just jokes. Sad. Lyin' ted Cruz at it again. MAGA
Umm, that's EXACTLY why Dodd-Frank (a mild reinstatement of some Glass-Stegall rules) was DONE. What you describe happened BEFORE Dodd-Frank
This is such an egregious lie I can only assume a staffer is responsible
Back ground noise when Teddy hit the Like button last night : Pinch and hold your cheek, tug on repeatedly.
Hahahaha, Wall Street Whore
Yes
Stop your lying
You just lied about liking porn. Why should anyone trust what you or this administration says? GOP is chock full of garbage.
How do u know he lied huh?So Dems are what?
Dodd-Frank was a kiss up to big banks and lobbyists. Too big to fail?
Can we say that @tedcruz has been bought?  After this tweet we can. Can I offer you some jergens?
Teddy spanks.
that's because Dodd Frank hasn't been enforced. It needs to be strengthened and enforced not repealed. Fund enforcement
That was it's purpose. Dick Durbin said so, yet Cong voted it in anyway.

Bank profits are incredibly high but not incredibly high enough
Of course designed to protect consumers so you will want to get rid of it to allow your campaign donors to go back to screwing people
Sorry I know your still sensitive shouldn't have used the word screwing
Cruzer excited by money, HARD to avoid, hopes to avoid antiCLIMAX!
Come on now. You're exaggerating. Consumers still need protections from unscrupulous bankers. Rework some details and leave CFPB alone.
His own decisions are based on professional recommendations. Those aren't always kosher.
Says Leather Ted Porn Servant.
Smaller banks have been destroyed.  Personal experience
Trying to get rid of cash,all digital currency yes its true
like i will continue to say. damn few things that government gets involved in get better
Errrrr.....

That was the entire plan for Dodd-Frank,
Fight for us and the President !  Sic 'em Ted!
This is an absolute lie. Dodd-Frank is in place to protect the trust people have in the system.
@SenTedCruz is a bad person.
You must not know much about banking.
We know that there hasn't been a financial crisis like the one in 2008 since the act was passed. That's my measure of success.
You and @GOP are the most damaging in modern times for putting @realDonaldTrump n Russia in the WH. Time for you all to GO! #muelleriscoming
Cruz offered some very good tax policies today. They are worth consideration. And don't worry about Trump/Russia. No evidence of illegality.
 delusional looks good on you

What's not to like? LOL!
Smaller banks have sold out to big banks because they can't afford the regulations
You're so right. Excessive regulations have left us w/ only big banks who don't care about the needs of customers.
This is an objective lie based on an underlying lie told by a pathological liar.
How's the eyesight Ted? You know what will happen if you keep yanking the chain.
Please http://stop.You  are no longer credible. GO play with your like button.
IDK I'd say the ACA is a contender for the "worst legislation of our time" slot!  I still can't believe it hasn't been repealed!
Commercial Banks and Investment Banks should be broken up until they are not To-Big-To-Fail!!!
If they took a bail out it should be mandatory.
Senators who use the "Jesus card" and watch porn , will be devastated too- America 
Could have been a mistake. But @BillClinton trips to #OrgyIsland and Anthony Weiner porn is no mistake #liberals #hypocrites
I'm just here for the lulz
