Genius!
I'd rather stick needles in my eyes.
Love your idea about how to pay for the wall. Bravo!
Are you going to talk about how much you made by giving away our mobile privacy? #wastedsenateseat
Sorry Ted..you are affiliating yourself with the Users and Abusers.

Same people who said Hillary will win by a landslide
Great idea for #BuildtheWall Senator 
Brilliant idea...for #THE WALL !!! #MEXICO WILL  PAY FOR IT
Brilliant move concerning El Chapo. The voters in texas may have just fallen in love with you again. 2018.
Good luck Sir.
I love all these people who say they refuse to watch "Faux" (Fox) News, yet here they are.. following them on social media. #Trolls
Brilliant
Let's get that wall built, Senator! You're a gift from Texas to the nation!
Great idea Ted! I love the irony! In the end, the Mexican drug lord is paying for the wall!
will you cover Russian investigation?your lack of Town Halls?Your re-discovery of judicial forfeiture for the Wall?Mercer money in ur pocket
Ask McConnell 2 ask the leader of the Senate Schumer if the executive branch leader Jared thinks it's a good idea so Trump will ok it..
The White House is trump family cash cow
Sorry, I make it a point to NEVER watch Fox!
God Bless you Senator Cruz
Barf bag is ready!
You have a Russian traitor in the Whitehouse...just an FYI...
Love your idea!! Thank you!! The voice of reason is refreshing!!
We want to see trumps taxes and his Russian connections
NO THANKS
assh*le
Is that the best gig u can get?
Miss you Ted... Glad you are still fighting for America.
Self promotion seems to be the only thing you're good at.  Oh, I almost forgot about hypocritical obstruction. Time to step down loser
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @WhiteHouse Build the Dang Wall!!!
#ShutdownIsFine  #NoSwampGames Stay Strong. Nothing Has Changed! Git-R-Done!
Sorry, I just can't bring myself to watch Faux News!!!!
Watched it, good plan.. it becomes Dept of Treasury or DOJ, (not sure which), money, the wall has been approved into law.. there's the $$$.
I'll wait to watch/hear you on @theblaze
build that wall with drug money! Yes!!
Senator Cruz, many of us on principle have left that Trump zombie slobbering network. I  moved to CNN where my enemies are in front of me
Your debate with Sanders on CNN was brilliant & should be the model arguments used for complete repeal. Do this again against schumer on CNN
But a good point, if you want the Trump zombie audience to see & hear your words you have to show up @ their feeding grounds. My bad.
Good morning Senator. Do your thing and forget the nay sayers. That's what I do. Ignore ignore keep scrolling!
Watching!
Senator Cruz. Your EL CHAPO ACT is tantamount to "going to the wall" for President Donald John Trump Jr. Thank you again sir!

Will be there always enjoy your commentary Senator.
We'll be watching!
No thanks ...Selling bullshit will not gonna work
Opportunism knocks!
Good morning :) Senator #TedCruz, Keep Fighting the Good Fight! #AlwaysCruz #TrusTed
#BoycottFox #FreeBill nothing but a bunch of sell outs who gave in to the radical feminists.
I love your idea regarding Mexico's drug money pay for the border wall!
Can't join you, I think Trump said they are Fake News, I'll go to MSNBC @DFWIndivisible @indivisibletxjc @maddow
Good morning! Watching now, can't wait to hear! Thank you! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #ElChapoAct #BuildTheWall
Watching and Luv the El Chapo Legislation Idea for Border PROTECTION GATE AND WALL (Gate to Let In Those Welcomed & Wall for the REST)
I know for Wall- just want Libs to know "Still be GATES IN & OUT FOR LEGAL ENTRY & EXIT"-THEY DON'T seem to get that?! BUILD IT! 
Great plan - now put it in to action.  Don't be two faced on this subject. Don't use money for other confess waste.
Thank you for trying to fund the wall but won't happen with this @GOP . @SenateMajLdr could alter filibuster rule to pass funding but won't.
The only thing that McConnell has ever done good is holding the line for SCOTUS.
Loving the El Chapo deal for the wall, brilliant!
Will watch - love your idea about border wall money!  Excellent!
Ted you have my vote
I'm at work somebody has to pay the #irandeal around here. But good luck
You don't belong here and certainly not wanted. Go and spread your propaganda, everyone now has their eyes open!
I love your idea about paying for the wall - brilliant!
Using L Chapo's money to build a wall is genius
Great Ted! So glad! Want to see your El CHAPO act get passed. Calling my senators today!
Good morning. See ya there!
no thanks
