70% of US counties lack choice & competition on #Obamacare exchanges. #CNNDebateNight 
Which is why you should fix the #ACA and not repeal it. People are counting on the protections it provides.
does anyone listen or are people just stupid. THEY ARE GOING TO FIX IT NOT STOP IT. SIMPLE ENOUGH
They've been trying to repeal it for 6 years. Now they have power and realize people like #ACA.
I had a pre-existing condition, so before #Obamacare I had ZERO choices. Now I have health insurance! #ThanksObama
If I am an alcoholic and develop cirrhosis it is a preexisting condition, should you have to pay 4 it?
I would want you in the pool, so yes. I pay for fire protection when someone else's house catches fire.
You pay for fire insurance on your own house.
I pay for the FIRE DEPARTMENT with my taxes, and road work on roads I don't travel on, and schools that my child is too old to attend, etc.
Schools are for the most part operated under local property taxes. If you're angry you now know to whom to complain.


they still wouldn't go back and vote for Hillary
You're a Trump supporter?
check out troll's FB page hacked? Stolen?
and my Facebook page is just filled with Wisconsin sports lol that's about it
And that is a good thing...single payer...and all the people have medical care unlike we poor Americans
@stacy_diebold @SenTedCruz Get Rid of Drug Mfg lobby to congress. Allow competition like Lasik or plastic surgery!
Dental would be nice. I have 2plans & cant afford. The treat dental like cosmetic. Horrible pay-outs
Your right, competition needs to be had for all insurance medical services crossing state lines!
Medical cost need boundarie also.If my type 1diabetic son goes DKA minimum $100k for 3-4 in hospital
Getting lobbyist out of Capital & giving all medical to free market ultimately...
provisions canbe made until then for cases such as this. Should have been done instead of Obamacare
@tedcruz @SenTedCruz Is it about choice or is it about universal affordable healthcare?
speakers, IN all respect, What about the 20 million like me that won't be able to afford your New Health Care.
You have no idea's no solutions leave ACA alone or you will find people will remove you in 2018.
do u pay a $6000 deductible..if not then be quiet
One or two choices *through* the exchange. Why aren't all insurers required to offer their plans on the exchange?
You should reach out to the many countries who have successful programs for universal healthcare.  It can be done
Please drop your agenda against Obama. You work for ALL Americans! #shameless
@tedcruz @SenTedCruz I can no longer see specialist cause they do not take Medicaid plus plans any more @realDonaldTrump
It is wrong for the Dem to hold up this new administration that is a part of this
@RepKevinBrady @SenTedCruz yes and you can still buy your own damn insurance if you want to
...which is why neither of you blame insurance companies for making that so, you blame your favorite pol boogyman
a mother,wife with stage 4 cancer,paralyzed, and can't work. Well educated, where does my family fit in ur new plan
you are so wrong.  Premiums went up because insurance companies are greedy.  HHS sec owns stock in them.
Fixing the blame doesn't fix the problem, boys. You're spinning your wheels just blaming people.
Bring us Free Market Competitive Choices! No govt! Just govt take care of needy people! ASAP! 
You just confirmed #Devos, why do you hate our children?
Ryan is an ass kissing flip flopper, can't believe anything he says
I had hope for him during the campaign, and then he just sold out.
how many states played politics with pple's lives by refusing ACA? Any failure is bc of GOP refusal to wrk w/Obama.
That is a complete lie!  Shame on both of you. Congress needs term limits!
Do something about it! You all had 6 years to come up with a replacement. Give us your health plan!
@capton2020 @SenTedCruz 1 or two choices is better than 10 that will not sell you insurance based on pre-existing conditions!
well do something sick of all talk GET IT DONE OR SHUT THE _______ UP
Stop complaining about it-produce a plan! President Obama asked Repugs to work WITH him initially-refused
@tedcruz @SenTedCruz You've had 7 years to make a plan. Yet nothing. A waste of taxpayers dollars. We should get a refund.
keep at it
It'll be 2018 soon enough
Single Payer?
@HouseGOP @SenTedCruz If only there was a way to make incremental improvements over the last 6 years...
That's what happens when it depends on for-profit insurance scams...I mean providers.
@TeriGRight @SenTedCruz how well do I know I am very sick and deductibles are insanely high
@THETXEMBASSY @SenTedCruz Repeal. Return to states or show where it's enumerated in constitution
That is due to Republican governors. #GOPLies #GOPHate #LifeWithStupid
we know! Should be the same as buying car insurance across borders! Buy only what u need! Duh!
Because the vile republican-owned ins. cos didn't keep their end of the bargain.  Ban all ins cos.
The US health care system ranks 37th in the world. My Rx - Improve that for all of us.
That's on insurance companies and states not fully implementing ACA. Your obstructionism is to blame.
as opposed to no choices for many before?  Sounds,like an improvement to me.
@tedcruz @SenTedCruz maj. of insurers leaving state exchgs werent in those mkts b4 the ACA (ie, ObamaCare). #alternativefacts
@tedcruz @SenTedCruz ...as opposed to none at all before the Affordable Care Act
We heard you the 10th time. But where's your plan for better coverage, for more people, at less cost? Got one?
.@SpeakerRyan @xformed @SenTedCruz You were given a mandate to repeal & replace Obamacare. Stop complaining about it and do it!
Stop the theatrics and get it done. Dog and pony show time is over.
@tedcruz @SenTedCruz more fake news..
 Site your sources
when they didn't have ANY before
Oh puh-leeze @SpeakerRyan 1) you don't have a plan 2) even if you did, it wouldn't offer more choice #bankruptcyofideas hsa's aren't plans
@HouseGOP @SenTedCruz Do something about prescription costs, inhaler here copay 345.00, Canada 55.11 cents now that's horrible
Because the politicians in those states chose NOT to cooperate with the exchanges. Not ACA's fault.
Take any good thing from the ACA, and concentrate on the long time ago chaos of H. System.

They had 7 years to find a replacement.  What they throw togather at the last min is not promising
Give choice back to women and deregulate abortion. Too many burdensome laws!
allow the public option and that goes away.   Wherenis your real plan?   All talk and no action from you two!!!
Most of what Cruz said in that debate was deemed "False" by fact checkers.
The choice that you offer is death.  Leave our SS, MEDICARE,  MEDICAID AND ACA ALONE!
Who are you and what have you done with Paul Ryan?
Is #ACA responsible for lack of insurance choices or are the greedy insurance companies? #PatientsOverProfits
Mr Ryan, if he is right, why can't you get repeal of Obamacare done? It should already be done.
you Repubs are a joke. Full of criticisms but NO answers. Where's your great plan? Shut up if you can't provide answers
YOU will own Trumpcare. YOU. Don't forget because we won't.
Do you have a plan?  If not shut yer pie hole till you get one.
@Sassynjcowgirl Ipay for child dental and medical care I don't have little kidsMy payments are moreThan my mortgage
Set a big goal for yourselves. Say something true tomorrow.
LMAO!  Pathetic!
"Justice " Roberts said it Obamacare was a TAX had nothing to do with health care, please correct me if wrong
Voters have long memories, especially those at risk because of your actions. 
#alternativefacts #TheResistance
it has hurt Medicare recipients, best dr. Dropped, hate insurance I have now!!
so the two of you spend 8 yrs trying to repeal with no repair. Any person with half a brain knows you 2 are frauds
It's still alive even w/the GOP working against it. Imagine what could of been if u had worked 2 improve it
But my son with Type 1 Diabetes, a preexisting condition, will have a choice. 2 is better than none.
you need to try lip Botox
how about you come up with something for Americans that's comparable to healthcare Americans taxes provide for you!
Because the greedy insurance companies only want to insure people who don't need or use insurance. Duh!
may I see the better plan you had 6 years to develop gentlemen?  You should not consider repeal until we vet yours
good luck with that
As to Medicare I'll give up my choice for the great advantage of their leverage to control costs. Insurers don't
we still have some very good choices here in central Texas. Object to repeal.
right on!  Medicare for all. Pass it now.
Nice work with the debate Ted
NO, He nor YOU are correct. But you are owned by the "Right" #Sad #HateLegislation -Obamacare helped people!!!!
isn't it amazing that most places were there's less choices are Republican predominantly states. Why would that be?
Why give CNN airtime? They are fake news.
All of you are LIARS. Why don't you give up your health insurance so you have a clue.
The Affordable Care Act.  Admit it - you're not going to repeal it and have nothing to replace it.  Liars.
was also right about @realDonaldTrump; this is the real Biff Tannen presidency. #WheresMyDelorean #backtothefuture
then why are you all running away from town hall meetings Paulie?
how about you cash the constitution out side .?

have u guys checked the protests which are the american people? And to speak for them id hubris
still waiting on yalls "brilliant" plan.  Ho hum.
Then get busy and repeal obamacare NOW!  That's why America gave you the house and Senate and Trump!
So it's like our choices for cable then. Nothing new there, but at least the ACA is cheaper. #Obamacare #ACA
1 or 2 is better than 0. To really get a whole view, you need to interview the uninsured & those on Obamacare too.
what's your plan then? How about you give up your insurance to a poor family and see how that works for you. #weak
Sorry, Mr. President: The Obama Administration Did Nothing Similar to Your Immigration Ban
BUT COVERAGE # HAS GONE UP. BY MILLIONS. (Sorry for shouting, but Christ Almighty you are the worst human alive).
Trump’s Immigration Ban Excludes Countries With Business Ties
I have worked 45 years and cannot afford to retire because of health care costs!  Tired of paying for everyone else
Insurance companies rigged system. Look at Aetna  Florida. 1 or 2 choices R better than 0. Stop manipulating truth
finally something verifiable. True, AZ only 4 choices with more than 2x prem but still coverage.Replace b4 repeal
@SenateMajLdr @POTUS where is YOUR plan? Fix ACA! Don't try and give us an inferior plan! We will not tolerate it!
@stacy_diebold @SenTedCruz Get rid of Health Insurance lobby to congress; however allow Ins co cross state lines. Competition!
