How does one do that? Get out a ladder?
God help America
Katrina ALL over again! @NWSHouston
Get on roof..... Stay out of attics....
Or if cant, call 911. Get in your window and holler for help. Abiding citizens are out there to help!
Boats are out.....
Also said to hang a towel out window to alert rescuers #Harvey

“Who holdeth our soul in life, And suffereth not our feet to be moved.” Psalms 66:9
He doesn't care- he wants to repeal health insurance for most. If you're injured, repeal Price- rich insider trader Hope TX folks are ok 
And this has what to do with rescuing and saving these people? Damn people have a heart will ya!
Trump hasn't even fully staffed FEMA/NOOA bc he's too busy lying,  pardoning racists and golfing. Open your eyes!!!!!!
This is not the time or place for opinions of politics. Ppl need our help!
What do people do if they can't get on the roof?
Call 911!!
How does one get on the roof? No one is explaining that.
They were saying last night if you have to go into your attic to take Axe or chain saw with you to cut through the roof.
Which are probably in the garage, which is flooded! They need to think as the lowest level of intelligence. Help everyone who is oblivious!!
911 rings constantly busy as does the coast guard .  they'r overwhelmed.  where is the national guard?
National Guard is on its way...got to remember, this started as a Cat 4 hurricane ~150 miles away from Houston
We just got word that the C.G. Is on their way in a boat to get them .
There are air, high profile vehicle, & boat rescues going on all over Houston/Harris County. Every agency & the public are all in
The coast guard just got them...  4 adults, disabled teenager and working on the elderly couple
lol I didn't see you were talking about a certain party needing rescued. It looked like you were meaning in general, where is the NG lol
Yes, friends that had water seeping up to their 2nd floor.  Have disabled son and the elderly couple across the street is stuck in attic
Is or was? Have they been rescued yet? Any idea where they are?
I'm still wondering why the darn mayor told residents they didn't need to evacute? That was the stupidest thing I have ever heard!!!!!
If the water is that high, how are they supposed to get on the roof? They would have to go outside and use a ladder. If they have a ladder.
Use an ax or chainsaw to cut thru roof from attic
Yea, but aren't those usually in your garage or shed?
How about people evacuate when asked
They were told not to by their mayor!!!!
I'm wondering why people didn't evacuate when they had the chance?
Two different news interviews of people who didn't evacuate, said same thing: no money for gas, place to stay. Penalty for poverty. Awful.
Our local law enforcement and citizens are going out to help. They are awesome!
Catastrophe in Texas horrible to watch. Prayers
Do you believe in Climate Change YET
Do you also believe in the tooth fairy?
Stay out of the attic! You can get trapped! Godspeed to you all 


If you're in a dangerous situation get go as far away from Ye danger spots as far away as you can not on the roof you'll go down!
if you can attack with a hundred helicopters why can't you send it to rescue operation
It becomes dangerous in farm lands in southern Africa
Yeah
And how do you climb on the roof? What if you don't have a ladder handy?
Unless water reaches above first floor they ask that you not call 911. They can't get to you at this point.
If they are old, disabled, they do not need to wait until the 1st floor is flooded to call 911!
Please tweet a Spanish one!!
You ever notice that your response to a  call for equality is to point out your belief that it's unnecessary?
I guess just because one guy hasn't noticed anyone saying anything, we should just ignore the fact that it's necessary?
no govt is safe from natural calamity
Are the shelters ready in Huntsville yet? They were not yesterday.
It will be doing same thing in there by thursday. Everyone needs to go west (clean side of Harvey) or go 100+ miles east to not be in path.
Stavite pjesmu od Gospodina ALELUJA. ZA AMERIKU.
Are these messages also being tweeted in Spanish?
I hope so,  local Spanish chs have been running  nonstop where eng speaking chs were coming on every hr in quick segments. Now eng chs 247
My prayers are ywith you
Honestly, I don't know how to get on roof. Wait till I float (hopefully) to ceiling and doggie paddle onto roof?  Sorry. Tired. Can't think
Find heavy object-break window-find a floatee-tie 2-3 clothes in rope around waist-climb chair or table-float to roof or grab trees w/ rope
You can do it-do not be afraid-maybe others will see this and get courage-think of those you love-you are in my prayers Houston Girl
Am in the spring area is this close to use do we need to evacuate
Only evacuations I know of in Spring are Inverness Forest just east of 45 and west of HTR on Cypresswood.
Really? That's the important message right now?
Why not the attic ? Maybe cuz is easy to get rescued on the roof right .. ahhh praying for everyone
For those without axe, use hammer near vent to create opening
Time is of the essence here!!
And this would indicate running out of time
Please be safe to all the people in Texas who are affected in the Harvey hurricane.  God bless !
I thought the storm was gone omg I'm praying for y'all in Texas from the Bahamas hope everybody is safe thru the powers
DO NOT Get in the attic, responders cannot see you....
.@NWSHouston How do you get to your roof if house is flooded with no way out except thru attic with an axe? #HoustonFlood #harvey #houwx
The roof
The roof 
The roof is on fire  

(You know the rest...)

#getontheroof
If you have an axe and a hand saw, put them in the attic NOW in the event that's your only means of escape. Don't wait till it's too late
If you have to tell the population in Texas this. The state is in big trouble !!
A
I did not realized!!!
How can you get on roof from inside because floodwaters outside? Just curious.
Isn't that just common sense
What good is @ICEgov in any of this?
Just text or call your friends or neighbors
Family in Houston sending pictures....serious flooding
What about the elders roof, and then call that, really.
Please retweet
No de que va
Sure am glad the mayor didn't want to call for evacuations.

Or, axe your way to the roof through the attic.
Ppl who are being flooded and can't get to the top floors or roofs need to take precaution and bust out a window and find flotation device
TRUMP & REPUBLICANS 
You Have Blood On Your Hands
Many Undocumented immigrants May Die In Texas Flood For Fear Of Arrest Going To Shelters
Figures, LIBERALS say Trumps fault, now he controls the weather, Russians and white supremacist!
Easier said than done.
OMG I just can't imagine being in this nightmare.  All I can do is pray and donate to Red Cross. Please be safe & thank you to all who help!
Devastating....terrifying....I can't imagine. #PrayForHouston
Have an axe with you if you're in attic.
If a helicopter comes..get up on it. God already sent you a truck and then a boat.(Preacher joke)
@AppSame @DennisDMZ @NatEnquirer @TrotAlex
And if the roof becomes dangerous?
Wow
But if you appear to be an illegal immigrant, you're on your own #JoeArpaio #ICE @TheJusticeDept @FBI @realDonaldTrump
Lord protect these poor people and protect all the stray animals.
Prayers for Texas
Remember you can document with the world the wildlife your see in distress it calm but with the #Searchwildly app
What is the question that ishoud to ?

Looks like Houston doplar radar may get hit with a tornado..
You need to get to your roof coz daddt Trump aint coming for you. He's busy pardoning criminals.
@nataliemcgensey

WE THE PEOPLE USA UNITED UNDER R BELOVED PRES TRUMP,TX LEADERS & FIRST RESPONDERS CREATE MIRACLES 2 SAVE ALL LIVES NTX NOWUNWAVERING FAITH

I would think that's part of your fight/flight instinct. Yes? We need directions for this?
can not believe in 2017 with all the storms we have gone through + had time to analyze + plan evacuation, the response is go to your roof!
U need to find taller buildings in the area and drop ppl and emt there w supplies for 3 days or more. Sector the population by criticality
You are in my prayers
Look whinners...YOU KNEW IT WAS COMMING AND HAD PLENTY OF TIME TO GET TO HIGHER GROUND.
You seriously created an account just to Tweet badly spelled scolds at the victims of a natural disaster? Get a life.
This person requesting help - #BraysBayou
https://twitter.com/mklavin/status/901839954141171712 …
Also give guidance on drinking water as I doubt water from the tap is potable at the moment.
you were quoted by @voxdotcom
This has to be horrific for those folks,  prayers going up for them...
Good god. This is Katrina all over again. Thoughts are with the people of Houston.
Stop bringing politics into this, my god people are dying and all you do is talk about politics from the comfort of your non-flooded home.
So much like New Orleans in Katrina - terrible time for Texas coast.
Then what? Is someone going show up to get you!!??
Stay safe Everyone
With 20 more inches coming, tell them to take doors off of highest floor and prepare to float on out if they have to through a window.
can doors actually float + hold people on top?better than nothing but this is all so shocking!
Im from Minnesota. I
 THIS 
@ReedTimmerAccu If you think you might need to get into your attic at any point put a small axe up there now.
@ReedTimmerAccu This is why they tell people to evacuate. There may not be enough responders to come help you.
#Harvey
•Water always biggest danger
•Houston 1 of worstareas for tropical systems
•#Harvey close to worst-case
•Much worse floods to come
My Dad always told me to live where it is HIGH & DRY....check out sea  level before you buy or rent...tent & supplies!
•If you're in or remotely near flooded areas or areas that may flood & can SAFELY evacuate (do NOT drive through flooded areas), LEAVE NOW
•911 may NOT be able to reach increasing number of people who will need difficult rescues
•May end up stuck on roof hrs/days, but DO IT
Praying don't do shit people, Action, preparation save lives, get on the roof don't stay in the attic unless you got a axe
I can't imagine anyone staying during the storm
No shit 
BRING THE TOOLS/EQUIPMENT THAT YOU MAY NEED TO USE IN THE HOUSE NOW. DON'T WAIT UNTIL YOU NEED THEM #houstonflood #Houston #houstonflooding
WTF!!
@SenTedCruz  They can go through the attic and cut a hole in the roof with an axe to get on the roof provided they have an axe.
Have a family heading to the barn roof at 1101 Rosewood Dickinson Tx God please help 
you'd be much better off calling 911 than waiting for God to help....
either way....good luck - I hope they make it ok.
#HistoryRepeats | #HurricaneKatrina
#HistoryRepeats | #HurricaneKatrina - #ALERT 

Post-Katrina, White Vigilantes Shot African-Americans With Impunity

https://www.propublica.org/article/post-katrina-white-vigilantes-shot-african-americans-with-impunity …

your Tweet was quoted in an article by @mashable
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Didn't the mayor send them all back yesterday?
Terrifying
Seem as if @Mayhem caused from human YOUR policy not supply coverage climbing on roof requestED not mandatory @weatherchannel tan brand
https://twitter.com/blinke/status/901699113334558720 …
Damn.
Cellphone power only lasts for so long.
Prayers for All in Harveys Path.Stay Safe.GOD BLESS
Praying...how horrible this flooding..
Absolutely devastating...
If you haven't common sense. All the books smarts in the world won't save you from  #Idiocracy
“my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.”
Cmon common sense shouldn't be reported
what a good idea! go higher if the water is rising!   USAiens ae so smart,  good luck
Do not stay in your attic.  Go to your roof if you can't escape the flooding in your home. Do not go on the roads.
EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT HAS REQUESTED: IF HIGHEST FLOOR OF YOUR HOME BECOMES DANGEROUS...GET ON THE ROOF. #houwx #glswx #txwx #Harvey 
#HistoryRepeats | #HurricaneKatrina
#HistoryRepeats | #HurricaneKatrina - #ALERT 

Post-Katrina, White Vigilantes Shot African-Americans With Impunity

https://www.propublica.org/article/post-katrina-white-vigilantes-shot-african-americans-with-impunity …
How is one to get on roof if house is flooded?
Axe.
You wld have to get to roof by breaking through ceiling and riif itself from inside. No way
2 use ladder whn water is 1- 2 stories high
@MSNBC incredible that with all the resources of NBC you aren't covering the flood! Don't tell us your promotions about how great you are-
What, like this https://twitter.com/NBCNews/status/901778312430841856 … ?
LATEST HARVEY UPDATE: At least 2 people are dead and approximately a dozen others injured http://nbcnews.to/2vsX2bO  
Reloj! Azul!
I'm wondering how a two-story family would do that.
Axe, ladder, hammer, saw - through the roof in the attic if possible & no 2nd story deck, etc.available  is what I read online.
How does one get on the roof?
Use an axe.
https://twitter.com/blinke/status/901699113334558720 …
How horrible :-(
No shit.
This is getting a bit scary.
A BIT SCARY. IT'S TERRIFYING
Flash-backs of Katrina. U guys haven't even had Harvey double back on you yet.Try to get out if the roads aren't flooded,if flooded stay put
