Waiting to see how many will adopt or foster children. Until then, bunch of whiny conservatives trying to control people.
The control begins with preventing and not using abortion as birth control that I shouldn't have to pay for.
Lady, the country is literally going to hell in a hand basket and you're worried about birth control?!? @Students4LifeHQ
I'm not concerned about B.C. I'm worried about women & abortion. It's funny how u equate B.C. with abortion.
Oh good lord, you are back? Lady, go pray for yourself. I don't care what you are trying to prevent.
no you don't care. Prayer is something obviously you could use a little of.
I already told you. I HAVE adopted children and I work with the less fortunate EVERY DAY! Why don't you walk your talk?

wow that's a lot of uninformed people!
Lol "why they was there" People like you is the reason why they was there.
or birth control. It appears your attitude is like a permanent condom
@SenTedCruz 

I grew up in the system. Absolutely awful!
Adopt and LOVE. 

SUPPORT BIRTH CONTROL TO STOP ABORTIONS!!
THE PILL IS ABORTION. CONDOM AND OTHER DEVICES CONTRAY TO BIBLE
Please share that quotation with us!
Don't think they existed 2000 yrs ago.
awesome people power Thank God!
@RoniSeale wow! Amazing and not one pussy hat or vulgar sign!
A true miracle "ain't it?"
@SenTedCruz where all the burning cars and stuff? Oh! My bad, wrong March.
the #WomensMarchOnWashington had NO arrest or violence wrong day might want to educate urself
nah, just threats of blowing up Whitehouse, and having kids run around with pushy signs. OK then.
 sorry you have a problem with a woman's body- i bet if a man said pussy you are just fine
locker room talk & all! Now its wrong? Hypocrisy is YUGE
heard it all in school, never part of it. Much worse than trumps years old bus ride.
no Trump promoted Sexual assault- wasnt a deal breaker for ya
and Madonna wants to blow up the white house...
@SenTedCruz 

Each of you guys should be adopting 2 kids if you REALLY CARED!!
Exactly. Birth control is the PROLIFE best argument!! Adopt. Prevent. LOVE!!
BC Pills not legal until '72. Most NOT FREE. Doc appt not free except clinic. PP best avail!
- seriously. Any other perspective... On any subject is publicly scorned...Or intollerated.
I'm assuming u have adopted unwanted children? I have & I'm pro choice
aren't you glad your Mom was pro life?
It is possible to have a wanted pregnancy AND be pro-choice. My mom got pregnant because she WANTED to
the problem is they want you to be able to have an abortion at any time in your pregnancy.
Complete lie. "Late" abortions are done when the fetus is incompatible with life. Even then, the mom is given the CHOICE of carrying. FACT.
R Losers look at Obama/Clinton 8yrs Death,Terrorism,No Vet Help,
cite sources can u? Doubt it. Trump just froze fed hiring hurts vets way more
Yea look at all the empty land around the road, lots of space between the marchers too. Nowhere close to @womensmarch
Except this march has been happening for decades. Woman's march could never hold it together like that
If you want to live in a country that controls women's bodies, try Saudi Arabia or Iran.
I Don't care what women do with their bodies. Just don't touch the infants bodies!!
Nope sorry not your body, you have NO RIGHT to control anyone PERIOD!
Neither do you. Get your hands off from around the necks of those vounerable infants!!
If you really believe that then to be logically consistent you should desire to go to war with Israel
Come on, rise to the standard of your own test. Do you support Palestinians or not??
Awesome!!!
@SenTedCruz couldn't help but notice how clean it was at the end.
Lib mess up
Killers always leave messes and corpses. Pro Lifers save Lives & are not sloppy.
What "lives" do they save? Making abortion illegal doesn't stop abortions from happening, it stops safe abortions from happening.
you mean black genocide?
So true and shameful
wonderful!  many thanks!
And, not one paid demonstrator.
Being "pro-life" only leads to the criminalization of women who have abortions and handing over women's health decisions to judges. BAD.
Speaking the Truth about abortion teaches the next generation that they are valuable. You may need them when you're old!
WOW
@SenTedCruz
@SenTedCruz I bet Planned Parenthood is spazzing out over this.
@scottsmith8100  I heard there were 800,000 participants in DC alone--not surprised.  #whywemarch  #prolifegeneration
THis is the time for America to shine for Christ Jesus to a lost world.
you can't march for "life" and let refugees die in other countries. hypocrites.  ask the pope.
.@Students4LifeHQ @briandordevic Kinda reminds me of a bowel movement's peristaltic action
#RealWomenFightForChoice #WomenRule #OurBodiesOurLives #2HeadsRNotBetterThan1  #WrapThatThing #InstallPeterMeter
I just find is so funny how people who are Prolife just care about a fetus but onces it's born y'all don't give a shit
This is funny. Don't these liberals have a burger to flip or a welfare check to cash.

it's a loop of a poorly attended event. SAD
awesome time elapse!
Wow, that's amazing that gray group at  1:10 looks interesting.
That's what? 50 to 100 ppl with home made signs? Not worth media attention #MarchForLife
@ConserValidity & no violence, no profanity, & no litter!
Still?

I've seen bigger. Keep trying though.
@thetoy1123 that is the picture of humanity for supporting humanity #God-givenLife
@ReyGoober2 
This video is pretty smazing.
- wow.
I think the Fake News & we know who they are, must have stopped video 20 seconds in, as they reported march # as "1000's"!
@FoxNews @LouDobbs @BreitbartNews @CNNPolitics @CNN @NBCPolitics @CBSNews @ABCPolitics How come most of you missed this?
AWESOME! Don't miss this one, guys.
@SenTedCruz of course the media did not cover this,
you want fewer abortions, keep expanding CONTRACEPTION access and education.  That is what reduced them.
still less than the 50,000 expected.  70% of americans still support choice.
Love it! We're winning this war against life itself. We're turning the tide on decades of genocide and infanticide. 
That ... was ... AMAZING!  Nice job!
@MMFlint
@usvetram  Thank you Students4Life!
Ty...GB...
Thank you for tweeting this.  This is a true Womans March.  @Students4LifeHQ
this time lapse looks like a bunch of ants moving around, eheheh, just saying lol
@MattWalshBlog yet you support a candidate that's pro: torture, death penalty, and banning refugees. Yeah "pro life"
That must have been the look for muslims, when the crusaders marched in :-)
What!!! No violence, no calling people names?  No spitting or breaking windows?  Wow that's nice to see
@MattWalshBlog anyone else notice the foul language, hateful rhetoric and garbage left by the #ProLife march? Me neither
Notice...ZERO trash left behind
You left out - The SOROS Paid Buses that brought 
these PAID PROTESTERS into town.....!
...right....?
Excellent, well done those marchers
Its easy to see this has been looped...sorry....
IS THIS MRVA IZ KINE JER AMERA NEMA CUDA ?
The womens march was also a time lapse, but just seemed real time because of all the F-bomb speeches and signs and stuff.
@CatholicPrblm why is it interrupted w newspapers? Shade
This will please God....Let's hope he  blesses the USA!!!
@FRCdc AWESOME!! God bless our country and the whole world! Love and prayers
I'd be curious to see this side by side by the DC women's March... Plus the marches in 50 states, cities around world...
America for life...
.@Students4LifeHQ W.O.W!!!!! Thank you for this visual truth.  #MSM continues to ignore huge conservative gatherings in DC but God sees!
THANK YOU for sharing this video of so many people marching to support the right of unborn babies to live!!
No profanity no trash to clean up and it is all good 
Thank you Lord for your blessings
piękny widok
@CatholicPrblm the women's March definitely had more people Not only was it a March is a revolution is some movement.
Just as CNN reported: dozens of people showed up at the March for Life. #Maga
.@Students4LifeHQ Just think not one dime or one joint was handed out to any of them. Media will never let their sheeple in on that.
#MarchForLife  much more beautiful than the #MarchForDeath
Wow!  Amazing
Was there ever a headcount on this? Really would like to hear a number?
wow amazing
WOW!!!! #savethebabyhumans #littlelivesmatter 
@Students4LifeHQ
@TralleMallette
amazing. Thank you Jesus🕆peace
Awesome
 Wow!!


your beliefs do not belong in my body-the two ideas are not mutually exclusive
much cuter and personal than the massive women's marches like here:
what! No breaking windows and destroying property?
#LIAR
Thanks for posting this. I shared it on several networks and it has been shared many times from each one.
If I'm not mistaken, the official start of the MFL is around the 47 sec mark.
@SenTedCruz where's the time lapse of the woman's march in Austin???
Thanks for the amazing video! #RightToLife
look at all those people the left wishes were aborted.
I just wish all the millions of babies that have been aborted could march one day. After a visit with mom
being pro-life i hope to see a march to see the end of the death penalty and one to demand aid instead of bombs in syria
No somos minoría srs! Somos Mayoría en todo el mundo! #ChileDiceNoAborto
#MAGA
A few would-be terrorists in the lot: trembling at the thought of shooting or bombing a medical facility. Armed today, too
So inspiring. An amazing witness!
"A couple of thousand" says @NPR.
Impressive! 
Incredible turn out! No obscenities, no vulgarity, no violence, pro American, pro family, pro God...& they even cleaned up!
@jmlg05 cool
And they had no orgsnizations funded by George Soros.
As an adopted person- I am SO GRATEFUL to be ALIVE!
Amazing job all!!
Lovely enless loop of the same bunch of people about 7 times.
MSM would have shown a still photo, at the one second mark, ala the inauguration crowd.
batter then that hateful march they had last week very hate
Livs play on words: Pro-Life changed to Anti-Abortion and Pro-Abortion actual means Pro-Choice or Women's Rights. Spin City
. @rtenews this looks like more than 10's of thousands, more 100's of 1000's. Where did @CaitrionaPerry get her figure @Students4LifeHQ
I heard that the marchers had to go through security; did the same apply to the Woman's protest the previous week?
and not one single adult in giant vagina suits well done!
@melanoma321
& no trash in streets, & no windows busted out & no cars set on fire this is a peaceful protest LIBERALS take a lesson

#Resist

Exhibit A: Alternative Fact #MarchForLies
Exhibit B: Identical to above, Fact: Obama's inaugura…
love it
in Berlin in front of US embassy
Hey @rachel_nichols? How come you haven't retweeted this women's march?
" River Flows In You "
@HaShawmar great sequence. Thanks Students4LifeHQ
They marched against an illegal Constitutional Amendment called Roe v Wade. Courts cannot amend the Constitution. Read it.
praise God from whom all blessings flow. Let the silent voices of the unborn be heard in the hearts of their mothers.
this crowd is nothing compared to the women's match
.@Students4LifeHQ when you ignore the thousands of children poisoned by water in Flint Michigan and
.@Students4LifeHQ
.@Students4LifeHQ
.@Students4LifeHQ
wow awesome
@lubnel Wow, just WOW!!!
Where R the freaks, litter, & destruction? After watching the women's march & 'occupy' BS I thought it was required. #Weird
and they didnt leave their trash lying around
It makes the vagina women's march look like a hookers' block party.
awesome thanks for the sharing
Amazing!!!  
Simply Amazing!!!
I'm assuming all these people are prepared to lose a wife, daughter or sister to ectopic pregnancy because @GOP says so.
thanks for sharing!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @DanScavino Thanks for this amazing video of dedicated pro-life marchers! MSM would NEVER show it!
@FrMatthewLC Fantastic! Has anyone given number estimates yet? Great success again! Love and prayers to all....
Amazing video. Well done.
Wow!  Nobody there!   Where's the peeps?  Sad.    Empty pathetic sad walk of shame.   CNN
Amazing!!!!
Beautiful display of Love4Life
looks tiny
WOW!  Impressive.
Truely amazing!!
What is your obsession with a woman's reproductive system? I'm starting a movement called Pro-Limp, which limits Viagra use
.  LIFE, liberty & justice for ALL!! God is on the move! We're on the WINNING side! Keep praying & watch God keep winning!
Life begins at conception..abortion is murder..use bc pills or keep your legs closed and zipper zipped!!! #Prolife
Here is the fact..abortion isnt about the woman's body..it is about the BABY'S body!! #Prolife
@PhinsnNoles - What... No vagina costumes? No men wearing American Flag khimar? Wasted opportunity. March ineffective 
@cjhullender58
barely there
wow is right!!
Supporting women to give birth and rear or adopt out is best
anti-abortion March yesterday
this was huge! I'm honored to have been a part in this historic moment
The only reason we can have this conversation is because our Mothers chose LIFE. Thanks MM 
Is this a troll account?? I can't tell if this was sarcasm or not?!
Watch the best commerical ever
No trash left behind for others to clean up, no screaming crazies, no foul mouth speeches.
The Kitchen Advisor | Creating Better Chefs One Spoon At A Time https://thekitchenadvisor.com/best-air-fryers/#.Wu8FuAbez5k.twitter … #HealthyCooking #Cooking #SundayCooking
