sounds like a complicated mess that does very little. why not do a clean repeal? Delays?  Why not eliminate? →
Put health insurance back the way it was before anybody ever had the misfortune to hear of the name of Obama.
Yeah!! The good old days when insurance would not pay when you got sick. Loved those good old days!
Mine paid.  I didn't owe 1¢ in 1994.
In 2015, I owed $13,000.
I agree with Senator #TedCruz, Keep fighting the Good Fight against Obamacare! It's a Disaster! #RepealObamacare
#DontKneel #FullRepeal Obamacare is an incurable sore Bandaid replacements wont cure Gov job is regs/standards not subsidizing HC
Total Bullshit from TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz & the Republicant's. Repeal the TAX known as ob☭m☭C☭re NOW! Never has been about healthcare
Oh gees! Give it up!!! #SAD#BIGLY
Same old bs. I guess it's we will continue to fight to repeal and replace ObamaCare for the next three years. You lost my vote.
Then why are you against it? Obama care not only hurts my family but millions of others! Do the job we sent you there to do !!!
BESIDES REPEALING OBUMMERCARE, THE WALL, LAW & ORDER & NATIONAL SECURITY IT IS THE BIGGEST OF ALL TRUMPS POLICIES!
This is crap. ACA has changed tends of millions of lives for the better and you want to sabotage that. Stop the lies.
fix your email and fax machine
Just like death is an important step to providing relief from #cancer. #Obamacare #HealthCareDebate
Interesting>
Give it up. Move on. Work on whatever you have on the agenda next. When your ilk decides to get serious about healthcare, we'll listen.
Millions more will be disadvantaged because not being able to afford O-Care premiums. How many more Ted? Texas deserves an answer! Hurry!
Time for all GOP Senators to resign.... completely useless!
Government shouldn't be in the insurance business.  One step toward socialism is to have government provide health insurance
#medicare
Get an Executive Order that terminates ALL obamacare subsidies effective 1 Oct 2017! Before we get screwed by our employers open enrollment!
Why don't you spend this much energy trying to do right by your constituents instead of trying to screw us over by sabotaging the ACA.
ACA is already falling apart. Obama screwed the nation for money & votes. Taking large sums of cash from Wall Street now!
So how is #GrahamCassidy better?
Your legacy Mr Cruz is the Tx Senator that kept Obamacare alive I will never vote 4  u fed us bull shit thank god u werent elected President
How does it screw the working class?
Good grief. Would it kill you to actually help People instead of this partisan talking point?
Hello?  Is anyone home?  What's up with this?
@JohnCornyn Or is it you?
How about solving the problem of expensive health care so we aren’t forced to buy expensive insurance and death panels
How much $$ did you accept to vote NO on Graham/Cassidy which is better than O-Care! Have you been bought? Do they have something on you?
We don't need relief from #Obamacare
We need relief from the #gop & their rich getting richer legislation
#dnc #POTUS #ACA
I want my insurance coverage back
better late than never
Stop the amnesty for DACA and their families
What bill is this? You get a pass by opposing the healthcare vote today as others have insured it's defeat. But, you fail Texas.
Yeah so why did you cause them not to vote on it
Are you feeling "relief"?
We're at a tipping point towards Socialized medicine. Not a good time to be a purist. Outraged at GOP FAIL, AGAIN.
Universal single payer healthcare will happen no matter what Spanky Ted and the GOP try to do.
What happened to repeal did you get a big check from insurance companies?
Ummm but first, weren't you one of the NO voters to repeal #Obamacare?? And we should trust your new scheme WHY again?
Bullshit

Ted just fix ACA quit the nonsense @MSNBC @texasdemocrats @indivisibleATX @indivisibleHOU @TX23Indivisible
Oh, didn't they tell you? It died. You should speak with your colleagues more often. Even though they don't want to speak with you.
You, @johnMcCain @SenSusanCollins @SenRanPaul Stopped the Healthcare bill what happened to the ppl and not personal agenda?
PLEASE just pass the FULL REPEAL as was done during Obamas reign!WE THE PEOPLE voted the GOP in for nothing short of FULL REPEAL
When? When do you hear from Texan's when you WILL NOT hold open town halls?  Got Genocide?
Repeal OBUMMERCARE!
Go back to cooking meth in your trailer hillbilly!!!
Said my #1 customer
Don't do meth, but I hear your wife/sister/cousin is a big fan.
Lol
WHAT??? NO MORE TAX OR PREMIUM MONEY FROM FEDS!!! LET IT DIE ON IT'S OWN, DEMOCRATS & OBAMA RESPONSIBLE FOR ACA LIE! GRUBER SAID STUPID!!!!!
Repeal Obamacare as that's the best healthcare tax relief we need
Corporations really don't pay their fair share of taxes now and the @gop wants to give them MORE breaks:


When's the next town hall so we can hear more about this magnificent legislation that you say is so great?
Here is a suggestion Senator Cruz. Go see if McCain supports it, he seems to be in control of everything!
I think everyone in Congress SHOULDN'T be exempt! Tired of the BS! As long as its law of the land!
Please support the Graham/Cassidy bill!!!!!!!
Lock senators in a room, get some or  NOBODY leaves until you have a plan republicans can agree on! Videotape! Can't go back on agreement
Whatever health bill passes it better be for all of congress as well.  No exemptions for your greedy buddies.
Oh shut up
It doesn't matter I won't qualify no matter what. I have life insurance and pay cash as I go. I have make peace with death.
Whatever. You and your fellow Republicans in Congress have no incentive or plan to repeal and replace. You have had 7 years!
How so?
Medicare for all or get the fuck out
No. It’s a tax break fir the rich. Liar.
