This time we have a wanna-be dictator who is not only mentally ill, he's senile.
From everything I'm seeing, he is looking better each day.
why? Because you want a dictator?

Liberals hate white people. Obama knows everything he attempted is getting tossed out
Liberals do not hate white people. The Trumpsters hate everyone but whites.
Hello, Trump wants to stop black murders in Chicago.

lol there's no evidence that he EVER said this and "liberal" doesn't even mean what it meant back then. learn to fact check judi
are we a touchy liberal?....ha
no, i'm not so feeble minded as to view politics as solely "liberals vs. conservatives"
Obama is 10 x the president and man Trump could only hope to be. At least he's not a conman.
thanks for supporting Kate Law. Kates death should not be in vain. She deserves our respect. Thank You
Tell me is it somehow worse to be killed by an illegal immigrant than a toddler with a gun?
ugh this is so abominable. They are literally using her death as a political ploy. Disgusting.
Sally Yates
Hey, when are you guys going to burn the Reichstag?
What i wanna know is why do i have to pay for a wall i don't agree with?
Why you tagging Obama? He's DONE @POTUS is the Prez Bama can't help you libtards now 
who said i was liberal?
aawwww, does it bother you that ur party is crumbling as the GOP is uniting? #MAGA 
maybe you missed that March but we are not crumbling. And we didn't betray our values for a win.hypocrites
The illegal previously deported numerous times immigrants!!!!
Disgusting to use a loss like this. What about the all other legal shooters? Do we condemn all Americans?
this girl deserves justice
so do the 63,000 other Americans who were killed by illegals since 9/11! More than Vietnam war!
may've been avoided if a cop wasn't careless storing his gun where anybody could get it.  but who cares?
time for a Sandy Hook Law to be passed restricting gun ownership- 20 children 6 adults killed by a white American.
I'm sorry that happened but he got justice served this is about kates law that needs to happen
there is no justice for those children... he shot himself, the state failed to protect and continues.
Heidi I respect ur view on this but he got his justice his ass is burning in hell now
Scare mongering, put up the national statistics to prove majority of crime is done by illegals or shut up.
No one said the majority of crime. That's just ignorant. If just 1 is done by an ILLEGAL, it's to many.
point is you can not blame it on illegals, look at Chicago are they illegals?
My point is, if you can stop just 1 violent crime by deportment, what could possibly be wrong with it?
I am praying hard that this passes!  That poor family!
.@FoxNews @SenTedCruz @BarackObama Oh please. This was tragic, but most murders are done by legal citizens. Good spin job though!
63,000 Americans,killed by illegals since  9/11,is more than soldiers killed in Vietnam war!
#TheResistance Would like 2 c reference. I think the below puts it into context. Fox/Spicer/Trump/Conway lie.
it's that they are here to commit them at all. There would be 63,000 American's alive today if they weren't.
who wrote this? the grammar is reprehensible and you make it sound like obama is the one who supports kate's law
For each person killed by an undocumented immigrant, HUNDREDS (maybe thousands) are killed by CITIZENS.
is this more fear mongering? Give it up guys, Obama is great. You're making enemies of friends.
Put'em in prison after the fact is OK (better) but never having them here is best they are indeed VIOLENT
a law based on emotion and anecdotes won't bring back any pretty girl.
@jjwright_janet @SenTedCruz @BarackObama HOW COME NO ONE COULD GET THIS PASSEDUNBELIEVABLE JUST DO IT ALREADY 
Because the Libtards are absolutely CRAZY! Let's pray it will get passed now!!!
Due to MASS IMMIGRATION California is legalizing illegals! Like in Europe USA is being EATEN AWAY by FOREIGN NATIONS!
SHAME ON U FOX!! Ths is disgusting using this 4 propaganda!How much lower are u going to go! U are a desctrctive force
President Obama
Yes finally
#supportkateslaw
yes he will
No, we have a president who is mentally ill & we won't have an ally left in this world
make it hurt least...Deport all illegals quickly!!!...
Trump is going to do the Right Thing. Mr. TRUMP Deport all illegals QUICKLY!!!...they are marching all ove
That is just so comforting knowing we have a President that cares and will do all he can to keep you safe
hell yeah
@MADE__USA @SenTedCruz @BarackObama it's about time. 8 years of loose cannon politics is over
: it wasn't his immigration status that killed her.
Ted, you are a traitor
Thank You, Father God.
and a president who cares about us 1st..nothing wrong with that
where a bunch of clowns
@jamesgregory45 @SenTedCruz @BarackObama It's Past Time to focus on Americans Safety First! The Dems want them for voting block
I tell you wat Madonna and Cher and Judd and who ever else is famous don't support them
.@FoxNews @SenTedCruz Big titty piss
Glad Obama's gone.he reducedsentences of drug lords of Cartel.America spokeNow wehave a Pres who luvs US
Maybe instead of saying it's in support of Kate's Law maybe say it's in support of Kate & women like her.
LONG OVERDUE
, illegal is illegal, and criminal illegal is worse. Americans can die but save illega
yea
@steph93065 @SenTedCruz @BarackObama Wonder of Mayors of sanctuary cities could be charged as accessory to crimes by illegals???
@realDonaldTrump @KaivanShroff  @CNN See Sen Ted Cruz is a buffoon.. no stand! No wonder Trump insulted him/his wife!
yes go mr president
@US_Army_Vet @SenTedCruz if U accept that law ,prisoner need to work for their stay like some Texas prison ..cost 2 billions a year
pissssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
@steph93065 @SenTedCruz @BarackObama These Victims of Illegal Immigrants WILL NOT b forgotten! How can Dems defend? Sanctuary Over
nevermind that this guy wouldn't have access to a gun to shoot ANYONE, were it not for the right and gun lobby
this young lady was killed because we failed her and trump will change that and bring a safe america again
Finally a responsible pushback to unethical and unsafe public policies in California and elsewhere!
Way to go ted Godbless ..
America  looking better everyday Justice for this family. Ty Jesus
.@FoxNews @SenTedCruz @BarackObama Completely ignoring the fact that we have homegrown murderers, but hey, let's persecute the undocumented.
how about this. Dig me up some facts about people murdered by illegals vs people murdered by Americans. Hello?  Hello?
we have a President that loves American & her people, first.
路Only a Republican would say something like that路And to say all Illegals are killers路Irresponsible路
#notallrepublicansareracist but #allimmigrantsaremurderers ?
Obama supported everything bad. Trump supports good for our country 
Definitely UNlike Barack Obama.
For once we have a POTUS that I believe will make ALL decisions in the best interest of ALL Americans.
why does the left want these illegals here? Is it just votes?
that scum bag had been deported 5 times. Should be put to death. No tax dollars spent on prison.
