leaving up to Congress means open door policies & the lower income white man should be on reservations. Theyhave morecontrol
Yes, thank you @POTUS for literally doing nothing. No actual contact with those affected, no actual donation and no empathy. Nailed it. 
My God, they're still saying it. Katrina - 2005. Obama becomes President - 2009. Do you see?
I know. It's an appalling display of stupidity. We are all doomed.
He offered $5m for Obama's 'birth certificate' - disaster victims are only worth one-fifth of that, it seems
Exactly. 5 mil he never planned to pay. All talk and no walk.
And he's cutting funds to FEMA to build a fucking wall in the middle of widespread disasters all over the US - both fire and flood. /3

What the hell is going on in this GIF?!?
Love My President 
The President of Liberia? 
POTUS has a heart.
Amen 
Everyday should be a prayer!
Why? If a man is choking, should we pray for him or perform the Heimlich Maneuver? Prayer is empty and harmful.
Prayer brings people together for one purpose. Unify. No harm in that
@PastorLeeWatson these same prayers only apply to the in-group only. Plus, prayer precludes true actions to fix problems.
it has away of bringing people together, strengthen them, and show love to those that are hurting.
Does that make their prayers a good thing? Besides, religions are usually evil. For example, Exodus 21:1 promotes Slavery.
Ive been there and lived it. Ive worked in it. I know
Same here. Saying that you know better than me doesn't jive. I grew up in the church. Thankfully Christianity is dying out.
It has been a very long time since prayer was done for our country and the ppl of our country. #prayerforourcountry
Maybe because prayer doesn't do anything.
Or maybe it has away of bringing people together, strengthen them, and show love to those that are hurting.
I'm pretty sure people who are hurting benefit from actual help and not empty words.
I have served under many relief efforts and ask mostly anyone who is hurting. Prayer goes along way i providing strength
Except when it is construed as a form of help when in reality it is a distraction from the lack of help this president is willing to give.
This president has been helping since the very beginning. Please, let go on f your anger and love someone
How about increasing funds to gems
FEMA? Those two things alone do a lot more to help those in need than a publicity stunt such as this.
So, what does that actually mean..??     It's nothing that actually makes a difference
It brings people together
Fair enough.   If you are down there, I wish you luck
it has away of bringing people together, strengthen them, and show love to those that are hurting.
it has ~a way~ of getting media coverage. That's all it "achieves". He is a hypocrite.
It brings people together
Religion is a system for rendering ignorant masses manageable. It's been great but, we evolved.
How about a day of prayer and giving (if you haven't already).
Doing that Sunday. Both
Why wait?
I do it everyday. But corporately on Sunday
Does Trump pray?
He's never been a godly man but now he is because who he caters to...
Regardless it has away of bringing people together, strengthen them, and show love to those that are hurting.
I dont need any president to declare a prayer day..especially fake Christians like trump..every Sunday is for worship and prayer to me
This isn't the first president to do this
of course not
At least he is trying. Odumber was anti Christian or did you forget that part...
How can he be anti Christian when he is a Christian?
Look around you; it's prevalent even in churches.
What about Atheists? Prayers don't help anyone. Helping hands do.
It takes More Faith to believe there is no God, call out to Him and you will see Him, God Bless you
Did god make Harvey..great God he or she could just prevent it? Allah?
These are questions based on your human logic, not the Lords. What is meant for evil by the devil is made Great by God!
Satan punishes only the "sinful", God everyone. Who's the bad one?
If we choose JESUS , He leads us to God
If you choose neo he Leeds you to morphious....
Sunday law is coming, my fellow SDAs plz pray more...
What's the difference between xtian law and sharia law?
Well looky there! Something said remotely with a whiff of empathy. Ain't that special

We've been praying every day!
#harveyvictims #Houston
Love my President!!!!
I love hookers and meth, but that doesn't make either of us of sound mind.
Not sure I would of shared that about myself with a complete stranger
I'm not sure that I would tell anyone that I love a mentally ill old man who brags about sexual assault and who steals from charities...
Well maybe you can teach him how to treat women. I'm sure your a gentleman with those hookers especially while on heroin
Heroin? What? If I hired a hooker whilst under the influence of the horse I would just want hugs.
Pray for the Dreamers they live in Texas too
I pray they make it back to Mexico ok
Why do christians act so ugly?
Your racism and lack of compassion is showing
Please don't pray for me.
Don't worry I was being sarcastic, I thought you knew racistl Christians don't worry about others. Isn't that what you think???
I think you call yourself a Christian without really knowing what that means.
I say pray for Dreamers and you lack compassion.
Oh and being a Christian also means not judging others which you clearly do. So don't question my faith and my beliefs.
of course, because that is so helpful
Wow so nice!
know what's nice?  doing something real to help people, not talking to your imaginary friend and pretending it helps so you can feel better.
I am on my way to Texas now with 5 people our rv and boat,  what about you?? With you love hand jester and your fancy words?
sure you are.  let's just believe the random holier than thou stranger on the internet. trump could not propose to take funds away from the
agencies set up to help with this exact thing, but by all means, let's just say empty words to the sky.
then later, when we don't fund assistance, pretend that driving down with one rv and boat would help more people than a a fully funded fema
also the word is gesture, not jester. get educated please. your ignorance hurts the world.
Didn't like, god already declare Sunday the day of prayer? 
God declared Sunday a day of rest.Sometimes it's not wise to say something about a topic u obviously know nothing about
I hope you have taken your own advice here. A brief internet search or a flick in the bible would have saved the egg from your face.
God declared Sunday a day of rest, everyday is a day of prayer. This Sunday the focus is specifically for Texas victims
Its all abt personal preference & interpretation. Bible has a lot of evidence showing Sunday's the day of rest AND worship. Trump isn't God.
He didn't declare himself god he declared Sunday a day of prayer for Texas victims. Why you insists on demonizing him?
I'm actually not demonising him. I'm showing you how ridiculous you sound barking at ppl who interpret the bible differently. He isn't God.
It's actually stated pretty clearly in the Bible. No interpretation needed unless you struggle with simple wording
I believe what Trump is doing is nothing to do with church and religion it is just simple state and God
Mr president Trump I your people loves you too many people years and thanks for the your doing a great job with the U.S. God bless you hope
Leaders like @KUnews Chancellor Bernadette Gray-Little and @KState President Richard B. Myers need @KSAGOffice to drop the suit #DefendDACA.
.@AGSteveMarshall stand with the ~4000 AL Dreamers who make our state strong. Drop the lawsuit like TN & #DefendDACA
Hurricane Harvey has the world’s eyes on Texas so why is @KenPaxtonTX focused on ripping #DACA away from 124,000 Texans? Drop the lawsuit!
God uses the most unlikely people to bring the good news of Christ and prayer to our country. For all his faults @POTUS has brought prayer.
It's hard to believe these people are sincere after remembering this...
“remember when I called you a pussy and said your wife was ugly and then also that your dad killed JFK" 
Day of prayer for victims of Harvey
Good work the President is doing .
A day of prayer for all Americans. A thank you to all responders who work tirelessly everyday.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1ao1K7NZQjw … #PrayForHouston
Amen
unbelievable.
Prayer should be everyday for everyone.  Changes can be made. Trump is on the right path.
A day of prayer! Well whats the message for the democrats?
We will add everyone who needs prayers
I love POTUS
EVERYDAY is National Prayer Day (by Almighty God Proclamation)!
Praise God for @POTUS TRUMP!
God sent the hurricane as a curse truly with Biblical proportions.  Prayers will do no good. America & world is doomed. Too late to pray.
He also donated his OWN money to this cause! Has anyone heard about the Clintons or Obama giving anything?

Will Trump go to church instead of the golf course thus Sunday ?
Because the prayers before the storm and during the storm didn't count.
Now that we have an "official" day for prayer, we're all good!
And pray I will..... for your impeachment! 
-Awesome, Prez Trump! So glad you are keeping God front & center in the mix! Trust & believe He is present. #MAGA #Harvey
He might as well have said"screw you guys, I'm putting my feet up & watching you suffer on the news!" Just as helpful as prayer! #pointless
Outstanding
"No challenge is too great for Americans to overcome" you say? You're proving that theory wrong just by remaining in office. #TrumpKilledUSA
Praise a living God. Amen
Fake news...like that bonehead actually cares...
Nothing solves a problem like a good old prayer

What a great President we have !! God blessTexas Strong
@POTUS should pray to be humbled and learn empathy.
Praise be to impotent lord jeepers creepers
Thank you mr. President for your concern and prayers
Plurrrghease...

Thank you sir. We will be with you!

Monday named "wish upon a star day". Tuesday we'll bury the drowned.

Thank you Mr. President
Calling our national conscience to prayer is godly/wise leadership. Thank you Mr. Pres for helping the USA return to the God of our fathers.
That'll work
Awesome
Man, this dude was told to say and do everything that shows he might possibly care. He doesn't care about anything but himself.
Everytime he opens his mouth, he puts his foot in it.
Trump declares Sunday a day of prayer. Considering Sunday 'IS' a day of prayer anyway, that ridiculous.
Only a fool would say that POTUS hasn't been fantastic on Harvey! Tragedy hit and guess what? Our President showed up! Unlike Pres O in Cuba
Is Ted Cruz going to vote against hurricane relief for Harvey like he voted against hurricane relief for sandy?
God is truth/peace/love.
God is amazing in every aspect.
My president!
A day of peace/love/Unity.
Your prayers have arrived at their destination


The Devil will divide and the Lord will Unite!
Amen - Fernando. Could you imagine if we all are on our knees in prayer for this country every day?
Thank God we have our own news outlets to see the powerful prayer to the Lord in Christ Jesus' Name.
 is a Christian Nation
Don't you just know that this made the liberal socialist butts suck on Lemons ! Thank you Mr. President! Christians pray daily, but is good
He is violating the first amendment.
News flash... god doesn't exist
Love how our #POTUS causes the left high blood pressure on a daily basis. Lovin every minute of it. He just keeps raising the stakes.
The Church of Trump sadly looks & sounds a lot like episodes of "The Apprentice." History will not be kind.
Why do you look at the speck of sawdust in your brother’s eye and pay no attention to the plank that is in your own eye? (Matthew 7:3)
Agreed.
God bless all those that believe. God bless all the victims of any natural Disasters happening.
That is wonderful and we will be praying for all the victims and our President!!
Sundays are always for Prayer!!!

Lets keep "religion" out of politics
Hey people news flash religion is 10:1 bullshit amd god doesnt exist
That's awesome, thank you Mr President!
Sunday let's pray to God take you away to another galaxy far far away, mr @POTUS. Shame no you!
Why do you look at the speck of sawdust in your brother’s eye and pay no attention to the plank that is in your own eye? (Matthew 7:3)
How many days has trump attended a church service since becoming president? Golfing ?
What now @CNN ??
President Trump pray on Sunday and ask God what he would do with the Dreamers  God loves all his children they came here as children
Russia, Russia, Russia.
Enough with this soppy, sanctimonious, superstitious crap for the extreme right. Do some ACTUAL work! Pass some legislation! Help the poor.
MOMENTS AGO:  Trump declares Sunday a Day of Trump Religious Right.

Mattress Mack has MORE Moral Authority than all Trumps Religious Regime
So everyone should just stop physically helping those people on Sunday and spend the entire day praying?
Isn't  Sunday already a day off of prayers? 
This is the best thing I've ever seen in a president
Amen.
awesome

Prayer won't help a soul
Thank you President for not being a wuss and declaring the nation one nation under God.
Kayleigh please!  Girl, you got joke's!
I agree with a day of Prayer. I would HOPE to Pray for Congress to do their JOB. Congress has lied for 10 Mts. and are doing nothing.
Thank you Mr. President. From one of your Texas supporters!!
Let's also pray for Arnold's ratings and Ivanka's shoes and the failing fake news and his totally huge electoral college victory.
I love our president 
I Stand with @POTUS. Trump
#RestoringHonorUSA1st
#EPluribusUnum
Pray for America
Americans STAND Strong United
#EndtheLeftistAgenda
#MAGA
Yes Vice @VP & his wife prayed & NO ONE IN TEXAS COMPLAINED. #Prayer for all of us so important.  @realDonaldTrump #FLOTUS #MAGA #LOVE
Trump doesn't know what praying is.
If praying gets back that 1 million dollar pledge @potus just took back, then fire up the choir!!
God Bless our President. Love him!
Look like you guys never been in a hurricane before . Everthing will go back to normality . Unfortunately we live in Trailer is easy to play
FOXNews is owned by a Muslim
To say ANYTHING  with an ounce of empathy.....he has to read what someone else wrote!!! He sounds like he is reading his school book report
Prayer,meditation,positive thoughts or simply moment to count our blessings and evealuate ways to help is MUCH needed. Thx to all for this
would be great that #Trump leads us on the prayer without a script
Come as you are....
Liberals are so worried about fuzzy hugs and crocodile tears from the president. That is foolish. Trump is handling this crisis as he should
THANK GOD FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP 
THANK GOD FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP
MY AMERICAN FAMILY.....
GB you mister president
Amen!
#Harvey DT picks the day of the week most christians go to church!
And your point is?
Everybody pray every day please
Sounds racist..

Maybe "like" his facebook page too, "repost", "retweet", etc?  Somehow, I don't think that's how this relief thing works.
Thank you President Trump for all you are doing!
So thankful for this!
State sponsored religion. Yay.
How about donating that million!
Prayers are good. Volunteering, donating and actually interacting with Harvey victims is better.
Amen!

Why wait for Sunday?
People have been praying every day, however, if we're all on our knees on one  day all  -the prayers that will reach heaven door miraculous
Fake
@SteveDeaceShow @POTUS Hmm...well, Governor Abbott beat him to it - already declared Sunday a day of prayer for #Harvey victims
Hypocrite. What demons does he pray to?
I dedicate every day a day of prayer for the victims of the  2016 election results #Trump @latinorebels @Newsweek @NBCLatino
God is back in our America &real Man's man is leading her ppl to #MAGA!
God Bless @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 45 &his Family!
America Thanks you
Because you are such a Christian?
Wow. Guess he's really taking action. Wondering... is someone going to show him how to pray?
It's not all about Trump it's about that person in the mirror
Wow people are really dumb
Trump puts his money were his mouth is. He should have challenged congressional members to do the same, see who practices what they preach!!
Amen! 
A POTUS encouraging prayer! I've missed that!!
How about thanks from those who believe and respectful silence from those who don't
Prayers out!!
BS
He's not going to cut it out,  is he??????
A pius leader heals the land. It'll be glorious if @POTUS leads the nation in prayer.
Geraldo is a snake. Like a 1st grader if he does this he won't be my bff. Back stabbed! Not a friend!
Bull S H I T
Thank you both for all you have and will be doing for Harvey flood. Day of prayer is good. Bless you  POTUS and Mr Cruz.
They need more than prayer they need help

this meme!
Thank U God for sending us @realDonaldTrump We will join together Sunday to pray 4 Harvey Victims, for our Nation & President #DayOfPrayer
Do tell us whether prayers make a jot of difference to this tragedy
We should all pray for the DACA dreamers, for their deliverance, not condemnation and exile. Think how many have helped rescue Texans today.
Oh yeah. Watch the liberals whine about that!!!!!!!
