hang in there
Rights are whatever we say they will be. They are not limited to what's in the constitution.
But they are negatives; things government cannot take from you not things the government must provide to you. @SenTedCruz
Who declared that our government can't create rights?
David, what sets America apart & gives us freedom is belief that government doesn't give rights & can't take them. @SenTedCruz
That's crazy talk. Rights are whatever we say they are. We use government to uphold them.
Wrong.
What wrong is that we have natural or god given right. That's total lunacy.  In nature, you have no rights at all.
I hear ya, Atheism really is more compatible with Socialism/Communism; maybe you should move.
Interesting you want gov. not to mess with you, when all you promote is the gov. to help you, greedy businessman
Did you hear @SenTedCruz say he wants a flat tax with no deductions so there would be no crony capitalism? @USATacticalLLC
that's nice for him, it won't make a dent in his billions but for families making 35k...not so much
Ted Cruz billions?  You don't know the man.  Put himself through college w/loans & 2-3 jobs.
yeah and now he's worth about 3.2 million... would he have gotten here w/o he himself getting tax deductions?
Ahh, he had a very lucrative private law practice which allowed him to pay off his loans & save before running for office.
He also published a book & he has a wife that has a very good paying job as well. There's zero evidence of profit in office
Rights are what we make them. Its an open highway once we get your donors out of the process.
like you messed with me by denying me the right to medicaid because I unfortunately live in your state? Get bent.
Your state not expanding medicaid was a state choice and not the jurisdiction of @SenTedCruz
so just my state government can mess with me. Def no Cruz influence in the decision. Got it.
This is America and neither your state nor federal government owes you health care madam. @SenTedCruz
yep, this is america, where we value the profits of insurance providers and drug companies over the health of humans. 
Actually, I agree w/ you that insurance contributes to the problem but not because of profits. Third party payers make prices high
In my childhood there was no such thing as health insurance except some had hospitalization, now called catastrophic.
We were a family of modest means but always had health care & medications & we paid our own bills.
Ted you are right, being human does not entitle us to anything, societal rights maybe.
Good "I'm gonna wash that Gov't right outta my hair"....and out of my bedroom, OBGYN office, and out of my medical choices.
that's funny - govt is messing with my vagina when you tell me what I can & can't do with it. Hypocrite!
Well then, do not ask the government to pay for anything your vagina needs. You just have to pay for it
hah!! I already do... Govt doesn't pay; I do, out of pocket. Gov wants to make that illegal. Overreach!
What does the government wants to make illegal? Your vagina pills or the hope that other people will pay for them?
my right to chose to pay for them if my doctor & I decide its best for me.
& my right to chose not to, if that's what I wish. & your right to chose not to.
when gov decides; it's not our choice, and their decision could go the other way w/ different mix of ppl in charge
see Obamacare,
Stop telling women not to get abortions if you believe that.
That's another issue. Abortion murders babies at taxpayers cost.
No, it doesn't. You may believe it, but it's not true. There are no tax-funded abortions.
look it up that what PP is all about. Else why would women be flipping out protesting.
Because they're tired of their health being a hot potato, you clod.
How about we stop the worthless debates and just let the people vote on it? No, that would be too easy.
no senator republicans "mess with" citizens all the time to advance a right wing agenda and lifestyle---I wish they didnt
Thank you senator for shedding the light of truth about the Dem's
or right to speak on the senate floor, or right to not be shot by police when unarmed, or not to be harassed as person of color
or right to stop people from bringing guns onto your property, or right to take medicinal marijuana,
you mean like a right of privacy, like Griswald or like the right to buy drugs from Canada, or woman's right to choice
I had a mother-in-law that died because the government and insurance said she had to go to Nursing Home and they let her die!!!!
@Mike_Beacham far left loons not only want abortions & being gay they want conservatives to accept it to like it, pay for it.
@Mike_Beacham #LionTed
oh like on abortion..?  Glad you get to cherry pick which rights. Gimme a break cruz, you guys are hypocrites to the end.
It's never a good idea to ask a constitutionalist if healthcare is a right.  You will quickly learn what a right is with facts!
awesome! Get wrecked Bernie!
People don't watch these show. And "Give Away" BS has no realistic message for the working American.
Not mention  the fact that was basically a law that made me get insurance or I would be penalized on my taxes
now you're catching on, sir
smoked him
And we the people have the right to stand up against corruption and destroy it. Thank You Sen Cruz for standing up....
Boom!!
Ted Cruz...all mouth without the substance.
Yes, for sure the health of a human being is worth far less than your luxurious car and life. 
So which is it, Tedio, Gov. IN our healthcare or OUT? U said out, so I suggest u & ur GOP buddies get ur biz outta vajaja's.
rights means I have the right for your religion not to mess with me.
Fantastic! 
tell that to @realDonaldTrump !!!
that's the whole reason for the Declaration of Independence, and the sentiment of the Constitution
#MicDrop
@m0nsterlab 
Yes!!!!   
Great Job tonight!!
@JoeNBC Ted Cruz don't allow the Globalist to attack the Middle America, We are here for you. We are Here for you.
.@SenTedCruz what about government "messing" with who you marry or what a woman does with her body?
BOOM! Wonderful... thank you.
unless you're a woman... Then the government is all about "messing" with you.
cruz missile destination Cornell Sanders prison system of healthcare. Americans love freedom and that freedom includes choice.
@cjoer57 amen
You mean a women's right not to have men in DC decide what she can do with her body? #choice @PPIAction #CNNDebateNight
im glad that woman have right of choice now and transgender have a right to use bathroom of choice
indeed, Mr. Cruz, indeed. He stands like a Texan.
, well done tonight! Keep it up! I will be voting for you!
.@SenTedCruz "you" = white, straight, land-owning, Christian men.  Correct? Everyone else is regulated away...
rights mean, you have the right to pick what insurance you want,& what is to be covered.
: thank you Ted Cruz for standing up to expose the socialist Bernie for what he really stands for and his anti-American views.


if you are true to your word, you would stop tRump from trying to control the media & information from our government entities.
Thanks Lion Ted!
Preach on brother.
Holy Hypocrisy, Ted! GOP Govt can start by not messing with my right to choose! ETC, ETC, ETC.
right means the right to choose whether,from whom,and what plan to buy as health insurance,which was deprived by Obamacare
Wrong. WRONG wrong. You are protecting donors pockets not the our healthcare.
well said! We need more Ted Cruz's down under 
Then please, PLEASE, stop messing with us!! #resist
get'm Ted! 
Way to go!! Bernie needs to retire. He wants Medicare for everyone. Where does he get his money!!!
ironic...your GOP has done nothing but mess w/Americans since 1-20-17
@realAngeloGomez destroyed Bern..
Good to hear you stand for the rights of all of America and not waver
you are Messi g with my right to have healthcare. You are making immoral decisions for the people who pay you. Sit down FRAUD
Rights are negative; things that cannot be taken from you not things the government must provide to you. @SenTedCruz
The Bern is no match for you! Thank you Senator Cruz! Making Texas proud.
hey Ted first got talk to illegitimate president & Evil Banon, most Americans +3 mil did not vote for trump,
How is providing you with basic health care "messing with you?"
Rights are negative; things government cannot mess with they are not things government must provide to you. @SenTedCruz
what about staying out of women's vaginas then?! I'd rather you NOT "mess" with mine
everything is about stories been told. You are only for the rich. Shame on you thinking the Ppl. are so ignorant to the GOP
@M0L0NL4BE Dems really serious would enforce things like Cadillac tax,  force compliance and garnish wages. See how that goes
is such a horrible actor. If all you're going to do is play as a hero to save us from the evil govt,hire a better screenwriter.
if they ever discover a cure for being full of shit I sure hope your insurance will pay for it..
so the we the people should not have the right to live or die corporations should make that decision
Does that mean you will stop messing with Planned Parenthood and trying to restrict abortions?
CNN cuts off Cruz but let's burntie continue on
A socialist can never beat a libertarian in a debate.
BINGO
You will not be reelected in 2018.
makes me laugh

burnie ain't got a chance against cruz
you speak for big business  Only.  HOw about you clean out yer vm, listen to all of your constituents, not just the OnG sector
don't dance around it. He is tlkng about forcing party A to pay for party B.  That is done using the pwr of the govt & by force
providing healthcare to people who can't afford it is not messing with people! It's caring. Too bad they can't afford lobbyists.
EXACTLY!!!  Like not messing with women's rights and LGBTQ rights.
home run the ball hasn't landed yet
C'mon Ted, tell us more about Canadian healthcare & what the provincial "GOVERNORS" are doing, cuz that's some funny shit.
you're a liar and a schmuck
no. Rights means you have a government that looks out for you. Small government? How about results??
Try reading the U.S. Constitution that gives you the freedoms you enjoy as an American. @SenTedCruz
would be nice if the private sector would not mess with us either. USA HC metrics bad BOTH in terms of quality of care & costs
@BernieSanders is the worse liar, people are broke because of Obamacare. Can't create S business bc of it. Horrible
. @SenTedCruz oh great!! Stay out of women's uteruses then. #resist.
@StaceinTexas #CNNDebateNight who's going to pay for it @BernieSanders?
Freedom means dying n the street like an animal.
I would rather be free and die in the street than live under Socialism. @SenTedCruz
Take it easy on the ol' fella Ted You did well as usual. Why should I expect anything less from you. You're perfect
Cruz wants more for him and less for the rest of us. He doesn't care if people can't go to a doctor, he can, we pay his bills
Somebody told me he buys insurance through ACA exchange because he thinks that's fair but I have no proof. @SenTedCruz
Not Sure Lynn, I thought congress all receive free healthcare for their whole family & taxpayers pay for them.
I'm sure it's available to them but that doesn't mean all accept.  @SenTedCruz
Like many married couples probably some have coverage on spouse's plan, etc. @SenTedCruz
Unless you have a vagina.
you are correct, nothing is free, and the government should not be in the health care business. Get rid of Obamacare
agreed!
Sen Cruz just smoked his ASS!!! 
. Wow.  Such a philosopher
Bernie's getting spanked
- Mr Cruz you are the government! Act stop whining like a petulant child.
thinks humans really have rights . Humans have the illusion of rights.
ya so maybe don't "mess with" my right to choose 
You have lots of choices. Taking clothes off, having unprotected sex or not, etc.  Separate DNA=Separate person.
shots fired
so women should be able to clean their uteruses out without government intervention?
The man that wants the entire #GOP in a woman's vagina says the government should not mess with us. What a joke. Just STOP
@iamthemimi65 @SenTedCruz Oh, the visuals 

why can you not tell these people who gained w/OCare why they did--stealing from the middle class
I am middle class.  I stole nothing.
except when it comes to women's reproductive rights.
even when I need @PPact ?! Answer me!!!!
Wow, it's so great to hear that you'll no longer be supporting measures to mess with women seeking reproductive healthcare!
This small government myth has to stop  
There is no one more likely to try and tell you what to do than the #GOP.
You brought up the fact that rights are NEGATIVE, not positive. Sanders response: "Access doesn't mean a damn thing!" *facepalm*
with all due respect, and that's very little, your definition is bullshit.
That's Right :) ☆ I agree with you Senator #TedCruz
