#FuckTedCruz he's a p#ssy! trump clipped his balls

@duskyprophet @lonepatrick @WrmNewt  @snickerfritz04
Ted Cruz is full of s*&t.  He's going down in the next election. Texas is soooo over you Ted. #VOTE2018 Get rid of corruption.
#VOTE2018 indeed!  And not for Ted Cruz...
This is the biggest liar of all time.
I wish someone would tell me what lies @tedcruz told. I researched and never found any lies
Saying he's going to repeal the ACA and simultaneously lower healthcare costs is a big fat bald-faced LIE and Cruz knows it.
The real trick is lowering health care costs, and premiums will not be lowered until we break up the hospital/insurance cartels.
@SenTedCruz   gotta get those rich folks their tax break! big bonus at steak!
OBAMA-CARE DOES NEED 2 B REPLACED BUT TRUMP WILL DEFINITELY SCREW IT UP IF ALLOWED 2 STAY N OFFICE ESPECIALLY SINCE HE SIGNED THAT HE
SIGNED OFF HE CHEATED N THE ELECTION + HE SIGNED OFF ON THEIR IMPEACHMENT & THEIR DEATH WARRANTS @ C.I.A. LANGLEY
Too bad we have the internet to fact-check:
U want to replace Obamacare & give the rich a tax credit.Ushould be ashamed of urself.STOP placing us last.U don't have to follow a mad man.
because they have no money for "ObamaCare" and make too much $ for Adult Medicaid or have no qualifying children...
I agree.  Fix it. But, don't do away with the protections we have gained. Dont give the wealthy a tax break they don't need!
Again ted .. it's over .. your done .. bye bye .. you're the reason why we can't have nice things honey
But we can have nice things, we just have to work for them and help our neighbors who can't. Novel idea for the socialist party/media.
#trumprussia
Should I believe @realDonaldTrump or "Lying Ted"?
#FullRepeal
How do you lower premiums? @tedcruz get the federal govt out of insurance & healthcare. Pre existing hs alwys been covered U pay high prem..
Appreciate @RandPaul @senatormikelee the few standing.Sadly congress will most likely keep ocare w a few modifications.goal is single payer.
Yeah. Right. #LoseCruz2018
Broken record Ted! Thank God we have a president who knows how to get the job done.
I call bs on the grounds that Cruz is a liar
https://theintercept.com/2017/02/22/geo-group-trump/ … Ted Cruz is a corrupted republican in bed with GEO group, why does he want put everyone in jail? who benefits?
nobody is working on a health bill w low premiums! Their working on infrastructure, cutting programs! It's war!
Stand tall and fight sir, we're behind you. I didn't vote Republican so I could be standing in a govt medicine line in 4 years.
Is that the same kind of clock he's working around, as is taken to a classroom?
We deserve free health care
Are we sure? He's not trying to shutdown the government again?
This is the guy who supported someone who said his dad killed JFK.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz Yep, we see you Sen. Cruz.  As for those Lazy Rhinos, their doing nothing is not unnoticed by Voters.
 stupidity on hlthcare is astonishing. Rest of civilized world provides health care @ reasonable cost. I guess we are all doing it wrong?
Thank you Senator Cruz!
They've had 7 years. Should have been a bulletproof plan on day 1. What a joke...all talk, no substance. Anything to get elected!
Y'all ted Cruz is working on it, chill. Lol... smdh
let's get this done!  Too many distractions.  Rep. should have had this ready to go. #RepealAndReplace
Ted GFY
Must happen sooner than later..Americans are suffering greatly..
stop trying to repeal and replace! call it what you want #Trumpcare. make sure we have healthcare. #ACA #AHCA I don't care what you call it
But is it better healthcare at a lower cost or less coverage with more cost for many people.
Such a Christian man, tax cuts for the rich while filleting the working poor. Go & donate to @BetoORourke to help Beto oust Cruz in '18
they had 7 yr to get everything ready!! Its like you had 7 yr to study for a open book test and you still failed. How is that possible 
Let' Get ER Done Ted!!!! NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He oughta be working round the clock on things his constituents want....but he wouldn't know. He doesn't meet w them! Begone 2018!!!
Cruz doesn't even lie well.  Teddy, it's all about stealing our $ to give a tax break to the rich.  At least be truthful.
Take a break, Mr. Haney!
All talk, no action.  Lying Ted Cruz is what he is
You forgot you take a 23 hour break.
Cruz is a crooked politician. They all should work to make the ACA stronger and better.
So thankful
#FullRepealONLY.Please.No more Socialism. Events in Venezuela should alarm Americans It's coming here,too.Socialism is like that.
Be vigilant and fight

Same with obummer....soo
This is an unsolicited tweet while I'm taking a break from remodeling.  No troll here.. Go get em Mr Cruz..!!
& completely ignoring the fact that Trump Russia is literally blowing up all over the place. Cruz will get voted out for pushing TrumpCare
Allow people the ability to purchase across state lines to increase competition which will drive down cost. Like car ins did!
He used to say @realDonaldTrump was a pathalogical liar. Not sure why he decided to kiss his feet after Trump insulted his wife. #NotTexan
Expand medicaid to cover all Americans.
Wasn't he at just at the Kentucky derby a week and half ago? Around the clock indeed.
Ted wants tax cuts for the billionaire and pay it with the American people's healthcare
Only 1 question. Must the solution to healthcare come from Washington DC? Maybe Five Rings of Care (5RC) Health System provides the answer.
Is your clock different from all others? Aren't you supposed to be protecting our country on Judiciary and Intelligence Committees?
@tedcruz thank you!
Thank you Mr Ted Cruz
Spineless Ted, ever faithful to soon to be Ex @potus attempt to make common people suffer. You're times coming
I'm sure they will be lower by the time they finished it off because they won't sure insure anything
Lower for whites only. Leaves me out.
Fake news! You're with the deep state! @cbs11jack @tedcruz @CBSDFW
Comon Ted don't give up.
Until you can buy insurance across state lines until the insurance monopolies are broken this whole exercise is a fraud #sidewiththepeople!
ATTN PAUL RYAN. As one cheesehead to another I'm begging you to VISIBLY do the same.  And dump those special health care plans in Congress.
Looks like you are schooled by Yates. How did you go to Harvard? Thanks to Affirmative action?
Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock. Wonder if Trump considered bringing you on this trip - might need a doormat when stepping off AirForce 1
Really 24 hrs no sleep no food no shower? Just another bullshitter riding thru town, get real Cruz
Thank you , SenatorCruz! Kudos to you! I admire you!
#ThanksTed
- set up storefront clinics in county health departments or nearby !
If, Ted Cruz is working around the clock it's not on this! Solidarity and unity of cause toward resolution! He should be on his resume'!
Go Ted
Great ! Speak Up! Lifelong Ca. Dem. Voted For #Trump End #sanctuarycities Pass #taxreform No #deathtax in CA for 28yrs! Respect Our @Potus
Can somebody tell him to read a book after the Yates incident?
Tony really, you might need  to read a little thing called the Constitution. U may suffer from"OBAMA FICTIONAL DELUSION SYNDROME" Wake up!!!
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz @CBSDFW does that mean he walks around a clock once and takes a break @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible
It's not complicated. If u pay for my drugs why would I care what drugs costs you. Why would insurance Co lower prices your paying whatever
Thank you @SenTedCruz
Notice he doesn't play golf
Those 
Sen. Cruz can you spearhead more town halls to explain the new proposed bill? Dems are taking the lead telling why is worse than #Obamacare.
I might just as well get ready for death if Ted Cruz working on TRUMPCARE! Someone tell me WHY no one will take suggestions from MEDICAL ppl
You're right, they should listen to @DrRandPaul
Let's get Repeal through first, please.
Senator Cruz, please come out from hiding behind the of  rich white men and speak to your constituents and tell them all this to their faces
Stop trying to repeal it for the millionth time, just FIX it. Gov healthcare seems to work fine for you and your colleagues.
Cruz did not take any "gov health care."Just ask Dick Durbin who tried to nail him on that. Durbin hasn't taken Cruz on again.
If he doesn't accept extremely subsidized to free healthcare I guess that is his choice. It doesn't negate the cost and availability.
Then how does he find time to elbow his wife in the face?
Is that what it takes to shut down your own govt? He cost taxpayers millions. He is a lying POS
Yeah but he says a lot of things. Look at all those things he said about @realDonaldTrump - how many of those comments did he actually mean?
Doubt it.
I am a constituent Thank you @tedcruz !We want complete Repeal & FreeMarket HealthCare
Cruz is a slimy coward.
Ted Cruz is FOS.
Clayton Stickland is an a**hat!
Godspeed to you Patriot Cruz!
If you don't find a way to lower health costs you will fail...or give us plans that don't cover pregnancy or anything expensive
The ACA didn't deal with cost reduction because fighting the health care industry is hard. Unless you are willing to wage that battle...
John, deaigning a solution based on "OBAMA'S FICTIONAL DELUSION" is simple. YOU LIE, LIE SOME MORE, THEN PRETEND YOU HEARD IT ON THE NEWS!
