No More money going in your pocket
We are done 
Never vote republican again 
Ever 
They are never for us 
Never do anything for us
“I probably like Ted Cruz more than anyone else in the Senate...And I hate Ted Cruz.” —@SenFranken
Franken's book is a must read.
It is 5 feet away from me. Next on list!

Tell Americans the truth about who benefits from Trumpcare - Trump, top 1%.
You gotta be kidding @SenTedCruz would shut down the hole federal gov. so it will not spend any money except congress pay
Please get it done gentlemen
The Zodiac Killer does tax reform?
Lies
@SenTedCruz is respectable while @SenateMajLdr is a spineless #Rino  who should resign
You represent the top 1% and do Trump’s bidding like a spineless eunuch.
This doesn’t help the middle class and you know it. Show some backbone to the “president” and implement a tax plan for the middle class.
Like anyone listens to him anymore.
Both of you are responsible for doubling our nationals debt to a record $20Trillion dollars.  Outside of taxes you've put us in extreme debt
Paid to the rich. They should be taxed more, not less. The lower middle class, and the needy aren't as dumb as you think. Remember Romney.
Also a purveyor of PORN
Not so much.

Liars. Your tax plan gives huge cuts to billionaires while throwing us a scrap. Stop duping your under informed 33%. #taxplansucks
Middle class? I believe it's the ultra wealthy that get the windfall under your plan.
No he didn't, Mitchy. He lied out his ass for an hour.
Why don’t you worry more about getting the psycho out of office first. People won’t care about taxes while we are in WWIII
Our other choice was HRC  she would be far worse than trump. She lies, in bed with Russia and anyone with $ & power.   Trump far better!!
Focus! Pass tax reform!
It doesn't surprise me that Senator Mitch McConnell would pushed the Communist News Network. Get something done you rhino.
I’ll bet if we, the people, voted new people into office, things would get a lot better in DC.
Bullshit, Cruz doesn't even know who the middle class is. GOP can't do anything without lying
Both of you rhinos need to go! #MAGA
He did an awesome job!!!
He had his ass handed to him. He’s just as pathetic as you and Trump are.
Give me a break. Ted Cruz is another Moron.
I believe the issue is tax reform vs tax cuts for the rich. You aren't reforming anything, just hurting the 99%
Ted Cruz is an advocate for only one thing, and that’s Ted Cruz.
THE PROBLEM IS THIS BILL DOES NOT HELP MIDDLE AMERICA ONLY THE RICH AGAIN!
You are absolutely vacuous and nefarious at the same time. You will be written into history books as a Fascist Christian traitor. #EatShit
You misspelled— lies Mitch @tedcruz only lies but unlike the president Ted's aware of his lies… #tcot #LiarLiarLiar↓
Sen. @TedCruz, an advocate of tax relief & job growth for the middle class, makes the case for #TaxReform vs. tax hikes on @CNN tonight.
Tax relief for the rich. You don't think trickle down works, so this is just more GOP spin. We don't believe or trust you.
#DOYOURJOBMITCH
Much Beter then YOU!
Shut up,just shut up. Lies lies lies
Well, he would wouldn't he. You bend over and he'll pucker up.
Appreciate the support, Leader McConnell.  Hope you and other GOP support the same #TaxReform (cuts) that Sen. Cruz does. #Unity
and the American People know this as well
We all know the budget process is a sham exercise designed to tee up massive tax cuts for billionaires & corporations. 
Lying @tedcruz!!
He did awful! Hahahaha
How would we know Mitch? The Republi-Klan party is full of grifters who only want to cut their own taxes and screw poor people #TaxCutScams
I don't believe a word you or Ted Cruz says U both are just like Trump pathological liars.
Fake crap law!  Take from the poor to benefit the Cheeto trump!
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz @CNN  to their country & do their civic duty, they should take their money & get the hell out.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz @CNN The middle class bare the burden of taxes. If the wealthiest Americans don't want to be patriotic
Just die old men !Ur legacy Will be destroy by educational true .the negligence of 1 party GOP
Hell is forever in the purgatory 

Let's do . Vote now
Turtle
Did you forget that @tedcruz tax ideas are significantly different than your ideas. Stop try to act like your ideas are the same
Tell the truth Break for the Rich,Screw for the Middle Class & Poor!!
Why are you going on CNN instead of going on Fox
You misspelled TAX BREAKS FOR OBSCENELY WEALTHY REPUBLICANS.
Get it done! Then repeal OC.

You know you're in trouble when your BFF is Ted Cruz.
Destroying healthcare, raiding Medicaid & programs aimed at helping those in need to give tax cuts to very wealthy. No thanks.
So instead of Trump trying to unseat you, Bannon is doing the job! Time to get a spine & do something!
Huge waste of time. They will misconstrue everything he says
Are your lips getting chapped, from kissing Trump's ass?
Mitch, I just read an article that discusses your work schedule. Sad. I would like it if you spent more time getting things done in DC!
NO TAX REFORM UNTIL WE SEE TRUMPS 2016 & 2017 TAX RETURNS, AS PROMISED.
Sorry just can't watch . Way too bias & fake news.......
So TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz will appear on Fake News to subvert the Truth some more? No Thanks.
Fake news
Ted Cruz?  He's the worst spokesperson you could send #smarmy #condescending #EricCantorSmirk You'll get no where with him as the GOP face
I watch for updates...my home has banned #cnn along time ago
Right party line for conservatives no matter how much of a wack job. Your failed economics is old tired and wrong
Sure like listening to Satan will make the middle class happy.
Alzheimer McConnell What you really want to say is tax code reform for the politicians and the 1% & Tax hikes for the working class & poor.
It's only fair since 46% pay no tax and are Freeloaders and demanding more
It's only common sense with a president who pays no taxes , Why should the 46% of the freeloaders pay tax? Taxes are for working class dopes
Maddow tried that one and it showed the President paid $38m in taxes in 2005, False argument as usual. As the money runs out you'll know
BEFORE THE GOP TALKS ABOUT TAXES, HOW ABOUT YOU GET YOUR PRESIDENT TO PAY TAXES! #IMPEACHTRUMP #TRUMP4PRISON #GOPDOYOURJOBS  #IMPEACHTRUMP
Stop saying "middle class". This has NOTHING to do with the middle class. You damned Republicans have been using this bullshit for 30 yrs.
All people who use state and local taxes as deduction on federal 1040 will pay ore taxes.  They eliminate personal standard deduction-bad
Learn more about business tax, are they really saying small business (no) business have to be worth a lot of money to reap benefits.
No personal deduction, no mortgage interest ded, no state tax ded on federal form 1040 (3 ded gone) 1/3 of middle class-higher taxes
Anyone making the case for common sense gun laws?
Your acting like a real mcasshole
GOP plan is big tax cuts for the very rich at the expense of everyone else, take away deductions and increase deficit.  No, thanks.
McConnell, along with every other Senator, can’t stand Cruz. Just using him for his own purposes. Pathetic.
Time for this so-called “leader” to step down and get someone who can do something. Rhinos out
Lol not the best representation of your platform
Ted Cruz is hardly a selling point.
What a joke!
MORE of the Same Republican Dysfunctional BS! Guilty of RUNNING THE deficit UP & on the Road to A Recession! Spend like there's no ending!
Ted Cruz works 4 Mercer co. NOT HIS VOTERS! Hvg former gas co lawyer head EPA wonder if EPA sent analyst 2 TX 2 test water/soil 4 toxins.
Too bad he lies, just like you. Republicans in DC have no integrity
#pathetic #hypocrisy #MAGA #Trumptrain #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst #theresistance #resist #NRA #DTS #fakenews #voterfraud #MSM #NotMyPresident

Country before party.
Don't worry Sen John McLiar will bring it down!
#NotaxCuts4Rich
He didn't make any case!R U delusional! He was eaten alive by @SenSanders he demonstrated what a farse u guys r. Tax every1 equally! #Resist
You lying SOB! You're cutting Medicaid, Medicare &  SS.There won't be a Rethug left in the WH or Congress after 2020.
and tax cuts for the wealth, please don't forget that piece mitch
Shucks. Missed the whole thing.
WRONG
And he lied and lied and lied and lied.
McConnell supports the largest transfer of weath from middle class to the ultra rich. Deficit will spike and economy will tank! 2008 again!
Bot.
GOP/Trump plan: Give 80% to the super rich, a tiny bit to the rest, and add huge amt. to the deficit for our children’s children to pay back

LOCK THEM up
First you cut taxes on the rich, cut services to the poor next is to kill social security & Medicaid. Good bye safety nets. No tax cuts!
Code speak for tax cuts for the obscenely rich.
WHAT A JOKE HE IS LEAVING TWO MILLION OF HIS VOTERS WITHOUT INSURANCE. I AM SURE HE MUST BE PROUD OF THAT.
You are owned by the Mercer family and your only Mission is to make them richer. Your tax plan is a cut for the 1% while shafting 99%
Even @USATODAY says that @realdonaldtrump and @GOP “tax reform” is nothing more than a tax cut for the 1%. #TaxReform
"@POTUS tax plan just got its first brutal review showing how it would benefit rich Americans but almost no one else" #TaxReform @businessinsider
“The plan does indeed favor the wealthy — overwhelmingly, undeniably. It’s shocking that as many as 40 percent of Americans don’t realize this.” #TaxReform @Nytimes
"economists expressed concern over the plan's potential to increase the national debt, which could offset the benefits the Trump administration is hoping for.” #TaxReform @abcnews
Senator McConnell, get rid of the filibuster rules so the Peoples Business can get done!! Stop wasting time
When are you going to rein in our president? All his lies wil have an affect on our impressible children " Why do I need to tell the truth"?
Mitch I think its time to change the voting rules in the senate so we can get the agenda passed. please read this
When is the rest of Congress going to start acting like Cruz? Start doing your jobs!
Your such a lair

Could have picked another station than @CNN/ #FakeNews.
how about the case for tax elimination? Just do away with it. We didnt need it early in history. If reduction is good, elimination is better
Russian Red Ted and you belong in the same Cracker Barrel. You will be wearing a white hood and RRT wearing Ivanka’s perfume.
He LIES
Ted Cruz gives zero fucks about the middle class, just like the rest of the GOP. You guys just want that money from donars!
Yes, how terrible. Receiving money WILLINGLY given by the people that earned it. Instead of stolen from them by gov an used however 
Congress should not be voting based on what their donars want, it's about what their constituents want. Votes shouldn't be bought.
Better get your yapping dog mccain back on its leash. Sounds like he's going to ruin tax reform. Or is that part of the overall GOP plan?
Too bad you won't be able to help him by really cutting taxes. Pass tax cuts, this year.
Z O D I A C 
        
     K I L L E R     
POTUS is out of his mind!
I couldn’t care less about what @SenateMajLdr says. He’s all hat and no cattle.
Cruz also makes a great case for UFO's taking over the Senate because the GOP lacks any humans that care about 99% of humans not rich
And porn?
F u
And failed in awful@fashion
Watching porn again @tedcruz ?
Listen ur old and probably senile. You will get 100% pay, full benefits and pension so just do us all a favor and retire. Take Trump with u.
Perhaps y'all ought to talk to @stevenmnuchin1 according to him the wealthy benefit. At least try and get lies straight.#TaxFairness #HR4HR
I don't believe he did but neither did Bernie. But Americans are smarter than both of them & we know the rich are the ones coming out ahead


I think #GOP needs to be honest and compare their so-called reform against status quo rather than a strawman.
Socialist Bernie wants to raise taxesgo figure !
