He deserves NOTHING ! I'm sorry that's so rude. He deserves the same treatment that Merrick Garland received.
sorry - the Biden Rule doesn't apply unless its an election year.
Trump shouldn't get to nominate a SCOTUS judge in the last year of his Presidency!
he's not...hes got more than 7 years left!
This just in....TREASON is an impeachable offense!
sorry, but that's not new.

where's the proof?
National security investigations do not take a week to resolve. Mountains of Data is being reviewed. Funny that Trump had no idea of how...
so there is no proof?  got it.
congrats...you're the first liberal to admit it.
Why are u in love with Assange. He's does bad things! He's does illegal things!
such as what, exactly?
Seriously? Lol. Okay. Don't tell me you are that clueless . @MikeDiaz285
so you can't answer.....got it.
Rape of minor, leaked info on US troop movements in Iraq and Afghanistan! What more do you need?
rape? I must have missed the conviction...
Oh of course your happy a pedo is being protected from a trial right? I notice no comment on US troop leaks right? Sellout
there is no proof...the "victim" retracted
Vote he deserves?  Like the vote that #MerrickGarland deserved?
Ask Joe Biden about nominees in an election year. Are you just ignorant or too lazy to see Dems did something similar to Bush 41?
1991 is not 1992.  So if a Dem opens the door it's OK.  You now going to fight that the Nuclear option is Wrong? Or should I say Reid option
The difference - Dems DISCUSSED it in 92.  GOP DID it with Garland. You do see the difference there...don't you? #ComprehensionIsHard
Tell me more about what the Dems did to Bork and Thomas?  Get off your high horse.
Did they get hearings?  Let me check..yes they did.  There you go brain-cells...THERE is the difference.  Way to change the argument too.
You are in the wrong side if this.  Dems set the tone years ago with Crazy Joe. Change your name to Official-Smowflake.
yes! He is above reproach!! The voters want Gorsuch
WRONG!!
Obviously you don't watch his show he gives approval ratings.  As well as calling out both sides for there nonsense. They need to go nuclear
Hope not  he not into  truck driver
Yes.  Obama had no right appointing anyone in his lame duck time that we lost a great SCOTUS! Now the corrupt Dems are acting like punks!
I'm against lame duck appointments but...

Lame duck is only the period post election (nov. 8th)...

Obama still had 25% of his term left...
And 8 months is not 25% of 48 either, genius.
1. Lookup lame duck
2. Scalia died in Feb '15, Obama's term ended Jan '16.
It was easier to understand by that term. I can explain it for idiots.  His last few months in office!  He didn't appoint in Feb. dummy.
For the sake of the republic we can only hope.# not another Ginsberg or other liberal stealing good breathable air.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz why did you support the Iraq war?
I think he  will get in THE FILIBUSTER The Dems  talk about is nothing more than a cry for HELP  The Dems have no more power
stolen seat...Merrick Garland should be sitting in it (a year ago!).
I sure hope so
@joaed_ @tedcruz Dems are nothing more than a roadblock to progress! Dems would rather America fail than Trump win!
U got us! Americans that want America 2 fail! CraCra! Trumpster is going 2 make America fail without any help from Dems! Wish it weren't so!
--I certainly hope he does, Democrats are doing this because Trump picked him.
Did @MerrickGarland_ ? GOP hypocrites
Probably but with great, unnecessary effort. It is all about them not we the people
This confirmation must have set a world record
Yes he will get confirmed and the democrats are screwed. Which is what they deserve. Gorsuch is extremely qualified and the dems are shaking
Gorsuch is eminently qualified. Dems questions were on ideology NOT on Qualifications. Dems obstructing.
na the senate will have to NUKE EM
did Garland get the Confirmation vote he deserved Sean ?
Have you been sexually harrasung women too?
If those limbs want to be re-elected. He better be confirmed.   Bigger news Susan Rice
Why should he be confirmed? POTUS is under criminal investigation, no lifetime appts for a-hole Trump
Republicans poisoned the water with Garland.
BIden poisons the water in June 1992. You look old enough to know better. U R being intellectually Dishonest.
I'm sorry. Did Bush not got to nominate his pick? Oh he did? Perhaps you should check the history books.
Precedent set by Biden. You are trying to point finger at repubs but you are being dishonest.
Regardless of what Biden said Bush got his pick. Obama didn't. GOP set the precedent here. They stole the pick. Never happened before.
Sean! #merrickgarland!
Sadly, no
Who cares...nuken already.  Get-r-done. Stop negotiating with Schumer and change rules.  After gorsuch is confirmed just change back.
NO    WE GO NUCLEAR HAVE TO GOOD MAN.
Sure, when Merrick Garland gets the seat he should have been given.
We have to! I can't listen to Schumer and gang any longer. Is it just me or does Schumer sound like Satan? #ConfirmGorsuch
seriously...so hypocritical. What say you about Garland? This is the problem with the republicans!
YES!!!!
yes, he deserves to be voted down.
Why don't all you democrats that claim Trump Is Not My President renounce your American citizenship and you would no longer be lying?
CNN story of the day: @realDonaldTrump gets his Russian dressing from the Russian Crime Syndicate, at least according to Don Lemon anyway ha
Oh i get it, ya you can quote me (giggles).
It's a joke dude, as most of their news (or what they call news) is a little wack, but you can still quote me (giggles).
Maybe you're paranoid.
He does not deserve anything - not even the Federal Judgeship he now has - running political ads for appointment to the Supreme Court??
Sara's on a roll. She knows how to get to the truth. Glad you have her on your show. Great job Sean. Keep it up
remember #Garland Mr. Brown Nose? what? no response? you're pathological!
a president shouldn't get to nominate for SC in the last year of his presidency.  I'm just saying.
How bout in 1st year? 
'Deserves'? Did he win some race or achieve a set goal? He doesn't 'deserve' anything. Is he 'worthy' is the question.
I hope so: NONE! 
The American people deserve answers! He refused to answer any questions!
No. They do not deserve answers on his political ideology and how he would vote. They deserve answers on his Qualifications. Get educated.
Why didn't merrick garland deserve same vote
Google "Biden rule"
Which is not an actual Senate rule, a nearly 30 year old suggestion about a vacancy when there wasn't one, that's some awesome gop logic
Why is it a vote #Gorsuch deserves?  #MerrickGarland @seanhannity @tedcruz
Ask Joe Biden - June 1992.  Garland held up based on Joe Biden's precedent for nominees during election year. Do your homework.
Did Democrats ever hold up a nomination? no. @conservativmba @seanhannity @tedcruz
What did BIden say on the Senate floor in 1992? You don't know. I guess I can't win an argument with ignorant people.
Did the democrats or Biden’s floor speech result in the blocking of any SCOTUS nominee? no. @conservativmba @seanhannity @tedcruz
Yeah when you get the kick in the balls that you deserve
Did you ask him about this?
Yes, nuclear option, you know that Sean.
Merrick Garland
He sure should. We need judges to follow the Constitution. Not make it up.
No, next up this summer, the Dems can choke on Pryor!!
@LouDobbs @oreillyfactor  Not since 1789.....no partisan filibuster in US History.  Confirm Judge Neil GORSUCH this week!!!
Yes
Did Garland?
yepp
Of course,he is more than qualified
Yes. It's too bad dems won't work with republicans
Clarence Thomas was confirmed by the Senate with a 52 to 48 vote on October 15, 1991.  Why didn't his approval require 60 votes?
Is it now time for Susan Rice or Ben Rhodes to become Obama's John Dean? Immunity let's them tell all.
He will Sean
He was nominated by a president under FBI investigation, let's wait till we see what happens with BLOTUS Russia ties investigation.
He should
We can only pray!
Will Garland to get the vote he deserves?
OF COURSE HE WILL!!!!  AND SHOULD!!!
Yeah. He doesn't have 60. So find someone else
He should! If it's stopped you can chalk it up to satan at work
NO ...STOLEN SEAT!
Why does Gorsuch deserve a confirmation vote?
Well you also have a short memory.... Did Merrick Garland get the vote he deserved????? Way different when it affect you - right! What crap!
Yes. But as Mark Levin pointed out Gorsuch might lean left more than we think. After so much bullying from them &if he's weak, it's possible
Yes he will get what he deserves....

No
oh he deserves it huh? Just like Garland wasn't even granted a hearing? Go scratch Hannity
He better
I don't know. Did Garland get the confirmation vote he deserved, you hypocritical fools?
Yes. If the Dems filibuster it will haunt them politically
Yes he will
Sean! #merrickgarland!
He received a fair hearing that's enough
YES, he is the man for the job.
No because the jealousy level on the Dems side is completely out of control. Republicans must get together and get things done.
God Bless
He had better get the vote & if he doesn't they need to go the nuclear route!!!
Hey.. @tedcruz better shut the hell up, after all what he said..
Party 1st GOP Senate ignores Constitutional duty with Merrick Garland, then whine & cry like colicky babies when Dems filibuster Gorsuch.
Did Garland get the hearing he deserved?
ask him if his dad did JFK
Democrats have made it clear they will resist anything President Trump initiates. It's time to #MAGA with or without them.
Please bring up Youtube "Biden rule"
NO
Yes he will
In the end yes but they are going to do their best to delay.
.@seanhannity @tedcruz Both of you should just quit. You are terrible for America. Shameful cowards!
Did Merrick garland get the confirmation vote he deserved?
No, but he will be confirmed. He got 100-0 last time. He should get it this time.
Yes definitely.  Dems are so stupid.  The next pick to replace Ginsburg will be even more conservative and it will bring the pendulum back!
Yes, but only invoking the Reid option
How you know he deserves it? Obama nominee probably deserved it but the Republicans would not hear him. Pure hate of Obama.
No qualifications and he's record is what kept him out he would have helped the dems take more control of your life away from you
Clearly not. Many politicians are bought and sold by the 1%.  They will vote for a #SCOTUS that is clearly a #Fascist and highly political
Just go nuclear on everything!  Get stuff done!  Vote majority and pass some laws!
Democrats went nuclear on us when they had WH, Senate & House. Remember the first two years of Obama was holy H3LL
@SenatorBaldwin should not forget 1,404,536 Wisconsin voters spoke last November and she also represents them ... not Sen Schumer
undeservingly he will probably get
AMAZING that he deserves a vote and Obama's nominee didn't. Such incredible hypocrisy. #nointegrityhannity
Yes
Why should he? The #GOP wouldn't give #MerrickGarland a hearing. BTW #mangomussolini is under multiple investigations. Are u compromised 2?
#Gorsuch has ruled against women’s & LGBTQ rights & sided w/ employers over employees and favored corporate interests over public interests
He follows the law. I know that's an old fashion concept now days
Then you haven't actually read his rulings. He followed the $$$$ over we the people every single time.
No, Demwits are steaming!
Even if Gorsuch was the best judge on the planet most Dems wouldn't vote for him. It should be easy. He's replacing a Conservative judge.
I bet he won't & they'll have to go nuclear.  The Dems are now the obstructionist Party and have no intention of doing anything Trump wants.
I dont think they will vote him in because the dems are not for America and Republicans and chickens
let me talk to my crystal ball
YES HE WILL
Well, Garland didn't get the vote he deserved. All of you Gorsuch supporters are hypocrites of the highest order.
YES!
One way or the other!
ABSOLUTELY 
How can anyone trust the Dems. Yet I have to say yes there must some with more brains than ego. God Bless
"It took Obama 14mo.to pass #Obamacare! #Obamacarerepeal was on the floor for 18 days." Great point @tedcruz! Bring yr followers to Trump's!
Why? I like Cruz but elevating Cruz, elevates the prospect NOTHING gets done or passed. He would never work w the Tuesday group.
Wow! Erik Prince (Betsy Devos' brother) established a back-channel line of communication between Putin & Trump!
.@SenFranken: "Gorsuch’s cases underscore a disturbing pattern of siding with corporate interests against everyday Americans." #StopGorsuch
GOP blocked 79 Obama nominees w/ filibuster before Reid used nuclear option.

McConnell will use it after Dems say they'll filibuster ONCE.
Jared Kushner is in Iraq meeting with the top US military general.

Jared's qualifications for this:

• Married to Trump's daughter
•
•
•
•
That's the way the cookie  crumbles.
He deserves the same treatment Garland got. We don't make lifetime appointments under a white under investigation for treason..
He better.
Lyin' Ted.
YES !
No
Will Garland get the hearing he deserves?
Did Merrick Garland get the vote he "deserved"? You're a hypocrite and a partisan hack. Not even smart enough 2B a good one, just boring AF.
Nope.
Sean u r now targeted by Soros trolls using multiple names to post the same lies to destroy this nation rather than allow Trump to succeed
Saw a '06 interview of Feinstein today expressing a Supreme Court Judge nominee ought not be filibustered.  What a changed person she is!
Maybe if the Dems had the grace to vote for Gorsuch now, he would have returned the favor and considered Garland next time. No?
GO GORSUCH GO
If Dems can send a resounding "NO" in any form to #TRUMP they likely will. Dems are all for small battles with no foresight. #Dangerous
Whether the Dems like it or not, the GOP will make him the next SCOTUS!
And the funniest part is that the Dems created the very path the Repubs will take to get it done! Dems will regret making that mistake.
Remember this, Sen Cruz? "Repub senators voiced support for INDEFINITELY blocking HRC from filling SCOTUS vacancy"
One way or another he better get in. I hate the behavior of the demobrats.
YES!
Absolutely
He'll be OK., won't get the vote, nor the respect he deserves. But it doesnt matter. Bigger fish to fry,
Yes he should be voted in!
He  better! !
Gorsuch will get confirmed ine way ir another.
Not from the lousy,loser dems! GO NUCLEAR! They deserve to be crushed,& they can blame creepyharryreid!
Yes he will!
Did Merrick Garland even get a hearing?
No, because the Dems refuse to stop sulking So I'm counting on the Republicans to use the Nuclear Option
Great interview w @SenTedCruz 
No vote, Republicans are whiney RINOs who scurry for dark wet corners when you shine a light.
What a Bill
One way or another he will! Listen to McConnell, I never liked that guy, but he told us all! Go get em Mitch!
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz republicans stealing the seat from Obama and Garland will come back to haunt them. FUCK REPUBLICANS
Apparently you now are the judge! Tee time for Sean! SAD
Major players in media...entertainment...gov
#MerrickGarland
Will you stop acting like a Journalist and will Bill O'Reilly stop beating and Sexual harassment and assault against women I'm just saying
He should 
For the zillionth time: *cough* Merrick Garland *cough*
vacant for 8yrs if they had to if Clinton won.  HYPOCRITE
The crazy Democrats won't vote him in. The GOP will have to change the Senate rules
Cruz is a hypocrite& a liar. Last summer he was announcing that he & other GOP Senators would keep the SCOTUS seat
Of course, Sonia from the Projects got the nomination..he is 1000% more qualified...
No.  Dems are not the same as yester-year. Amazing how they make a mocker of the process by promising a fillibuster. #sadreallysad
The Pharasees crucified Jesus. Why? He represented a movement of the people. Which threatened their power. Nothing changes.
Yes
Two words:  Merrick Garland.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz Why does he deserve it more than Garland.
Doubtful! DNC is hell-bent on destroying the US in order to get revenge. 

ie. @SenSchumer is only being nasty cuz Trump said "fake tears!".
He SHOULD!
Gorsuch has no right to fill a seat from the Obama administration. Basic flaw of justice. Republicans stepped over the line in power grab.
