This Ted Cruz?
Making fun of LGBT? I should report you to your fellow Libs.  @TuckerCarlson @tedcruz @FoxNews
But for fucks sake do something with that hair, Senator!
blocked for cursing & irrelevant tweets
Cruz is a NWO globalist.
Be careful. Trust Lyin'Ted as far as u can throw him. That's it. Cruz has an agenda
Can Mayors of so called "Sanctuary Cities" go to jail for dereliction of duty or aiding and abetting???
Tucker, your friendly @TedCruz misused "referendum" WRT SCOTUS pick Am surprised that you did not challenge
I hope the Conservative "never Trumpers" enjoy seeing Trump MAGA!  As for the liberals, they can suck it.
@PatriotGinger @tedcruz @FoxNews Of COURSE it was a home run! It seems Trump keeps hitting them out of the park. Great team!
in watching tonight, you confirmed the left is illogical and can't debate factually, Urey unfortunate!

@realDonaldTrump brilliant on every level. This POTUS is on fire! Great job!
I agree Tucker. Your show has got to be one of the best on TV. Even my teenage daughter likes watching you.
ithink without a doubt but I'm not the guy who would know about  judges it's levelbut if my pres. saidguy
Who convinced you to give up the bow tie?
love your show Tucker!! I watch FBN, then your show. 
a grand slam!
You agree w/him that kids w/disabilities should not be protected under the law like all kids??? 
we can certainly pray that it is
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz @FoxNews Strikeout
ask the protester what about Planned Parenthood buy birth control for seven dollars resells at 35 dollars
Even Chuck Todd said Gorsuch would confirm & Dems hard pressed to find a reason not to.!
@AlexisinNH Six months ago, who thought that @tedcruz would be one of @POTUS' most loyal allies? Cruz is a patriot!
@texasfreedom101 @tedcruz @FoxNews It should also be a slam dunk
Agreed. A bases loaded home run.
Well, of course you do!
Cucker Tarlson.  Putting the Daily Collar on the bewildered herd.
and with the bases loaded!
@KazmierskiR @tedcruz @FoxNews -So do I..
@KazmierskiR @tedcruz @FoxNews.  I never thought I'd trust someone whose name starts with the letters G O R ...
I agree with Tucker.. Glad you R back..You R logical to replace J Mclauglin (RIP)..!!
As expected aging hippie on Tuckers show vomiting same garbage-wall street, womens rights.... Sanders, Warren clone
who is this kid he must be out of his mind his staff guy came here on a raft from Vietnam
IT WAS THE SUPREME COURT SUPER BOWL OF JUSTICE!
great choice for surpreme court justice
@gabriella_akat @tedcruz @FoxNews Try GRANDSLAM!
another Bloviating fool on fox "news"
ty
@Prof_Treylawney @tedcruz @FoxNews  Tucker I wish you would have asked that lady protester if she wanted to legislative judge
We'll see about that
This is not going well for the dems, academia, Hollywood and the liberal press.
I think you and all of FOXNEWS suck.nothing but a bunch of right wing race baiters
Amazing seeing the dim witted protester on your program tonight. Sad to see how blind these people are.... @tuckercarlson @foxnews @tedcruz
where do U get your guests?? The only one who knows what the subject is would be you     You have the patience of Job
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz @FoxNews now 2 men getting married in USA will be A gone like OBAMA THANK GOD.
Tucker, you started strong.  You need to take some tips from mark levine on questioning libs
re marge baker, she sounds a little nuts. Not very credible. Who is she anyway? 
what's up with the eyebrows?
she can't give an example because she has only been given talking points
But he lets Corporations get all 'Corporationy '. Please silence this old bat.
But nut job Marge Baker disagrees.  Why the hell would Fox give this chick mic time?  #Libtards
Marge Baker is a typical negative Nellie...Ready to rebel Gorsuch or any other choice.
Thank you for your Awesome Supportive comments,Was not a supporter. Very impressed with you tonight!!
BUT @SenSchumer had pre-written generic statement of opposition difficult 2 read because of tear smudges.
We love you Tucker! #SCOTUS
your smart, funny.
For sure @POTUS has not even started to round the bases....more action to come
@POTUS when does trump not hit a home run.   He works so hard for us the American people
two thumbs up on this one!
CNN said it was a "good Chess move by Trump".
-- love you bro!!  slam dunk for sure. Stay strong on our front lines! So much disinformation going on!!!!
Nation wins!
That ball was hit out of the ball park! Democratic can't criticize judge Gorsuch. He walks on water!
I could not be happier!  Great pick!
On your mark, get set, GO! Gorsuch hates women, muslims and homosexuals. He loves big corps and rich people
hey tuck. Still not sure on Ted. What do ya think of him?
OMG, watching Pelosi on the competition, what a bald faced liar. In-believable
in shock .Tucker's letting Ted Cruz speak
Chuckles better check himself b4 he wrecks himself. Then again.......
I knew it would be him! A big thumbs up. CNN is already bashing him! Grrrrrrrr
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz @FoxNews Absolutely....too bad he is destined for defeat....better luck next time
Next move--- Chief Justice. Move over Roberts
one of the few times I agree with him.
Left/MSM are trying to destroy USDemocracy.
Signaling they won't stop until Trump/Office POTUS destroyed
Merrick Garland right now.
Agree!  Gorsuch perfect fit. Dems oppose at their peril.
I agree! Win for America!
Just as long as he isnt a fascist, racist, misogynistic, Nazi, Homophobic, Islamaphobic, KKK member #MAGA
I could not be happier.
excellent choice hope to see #Cruz in the mix on the next pick #Tucker #FoxNews fidelity to the law!
You got that right.
of course DJT makes great moves.he will we ork to get this country back in line
you are so right God bless right thinking American's
home run with bases loaded!  #MAGA
Totally agree.
How do you tweet while looking at the camera? #skillz
me too, thank you Mr President!!
Inside the park Grand Slam!
Touch them all
the best of the best, great choice
: @tedcruz isn't lyin' anymore!
Nice!
Grand slam 
Grand Slam!
yeah but dems will try to block just to be dicks
excellent choice
absolutely!
truth!
me too! 
