It's sad how you seem to care more about Israel than you do the state of your own country
Agree
true
Senator, I had my doubts about you, but I am very impressed with your patriotism and your courage. God bless you.
Lol good one 
And this is important to the United States and why? We need to be as interested in the United States and youneed to be asinterested in Texas
Such a move would be Immoral not to mention Illegal under international law
And it should NOT depend on a 2 state agreement. So called Palestinians DO NOT WANT PEACE!
Yes! Move our embassy to Jerusalem! :)
This matters because it would honor state of Israel and acknowledge truth of Jewish history.
@coinabs senator, the word of the most high God will come to pass, Jerusalem will be the capital of the Jewish people very soon
Funny. Don't you represent TEXAS?
The  judges that challenged the Pres. travel bans should be charged with manslaughter if any from those restricted nations cause mayhem!!
I agree.  Can we take a vote? 
@chrisreed43 Why is it the US responsibility to name the capital of Israel? Just sayin
Now is the time to push the agenda through WE THE PEOPLE voted for! I thank you for your support of the @POTUS!
You might want to let @POTUS know how important Israel is to you, seeing as he screwed over their intelligence community.
Well your SCROTUS screwed them worse than anyone in recent memory
Yes, that's what I said. Trump has screwed them by leaking to the Russians.
Israel is smarter that!!
Why? We have our own problems here.
Shouldn't we focus on securing the classified intelligence they give to us first?
It does seem odd that Israel is the only country for which countries send their Ambassador to a city that is not their capital.
Look at history when Israel was formed Jerusalem was in Jordan
Does anyone honestly believe that, since the time of King David, Jerusalem has ever been anything but a Jewish capital?
Are you really, seriously, insanely trying to end any possibility of peace between Palestinians and Israelis?
And show all major donors on official websites for all members of congress !!
Time for United States to investigate #TrumpRussiaCollusion
ABSOLUTELY!
Your concerns are religious not political. You should pray in your closet instead of using your political power to push this nonsense.
Shouldn't we let Is real make that decision? Should other countries insist that Los Angeles become the capital is the US?
I'm all for it! Dont really know why itd be good but lets go man
Yes!
Be quiet and sit down, insincere man.
Did NorPac call and ask what they will get for their $147,400 donation before you are out in #2018?
agreed Senator it's high time, just like it's high time for everyone on the right to back @realDonaldTrump it's getting ridiculous
@tempteststorm2 time for you to stand behind our President. KCM stand behind him. He is Cyrus for a time such as this.
That's easy to say now that Trump isn't going to do anything about it

#EmptyRhetoric
Wow. U really just completely out of touch aren't you
What difference does it make? Bottom line you got a screw loose somewhere
And that is why you will never be President of the United States.
Keep it up Ted, there's an army of @BetoORourke friends that will move you #Outin18!
It is time for the United States' loofah-faced shitgibbon to stop showing Israeli intel to hostile foreign governments.
Why is the establishment proclaiming war against Trump, his supporters and America?
SIR, US CITIZENS RECOGNIZE ISRAEL IT'S WASHINGTON THAT NEEDS TO
Surprised republicans cant stick together like the democrats do...You need to back up trump..
Amen to that Ted!
It's time you quit
@realDonaldTrump  many people who have supported this administration feel very supportive of this and Israel
Thank You Senator Ted Cruz 
You are loyal to our @POTUS & you're Pro-Israel. We appreciate U very much!
Senator Cruz is a true Patriot!
you are an airhead!
Stop meddling in other countries & put your energies into the problems with this corrupt administration. Investigate Flynn & Trump.
Ted focus on our nations problems and stop promoting raciest Zionism
I don't think Israel has proper claim to the entire city. We shouldn't give preferential treatment to them over the Palestinians.
U r trying hard to get funding for ur Re election but stop acting like a dog plz respect the senate seat.
Start another war???  Israel took the land to start with!
Agree. #StandWithIsrael
Did you take history at Trump U? This won't work until Jared fixes Palestinian question. So, yeah, this is another stupid idea, Ted.
Per @CBNNews @POTUS  pre-travel team insulted BB & said Temple wall didn't belong to ! @realDonaldTrump FIRE  THOSE libs on your team!!
@Potus  Definitely. That was one of Donald Trump's promises. One of about 10 he has broken already.  Netanyahu cant visit west wall? STUPID!
Bold words from the Zodiac Killer
Amen!
Ted, NOT NOW.
@KharlieWarrior I agree!!
Yes
NO! Terrible idea! Moving capital to Jeru. would destabilize entire region and threaten Israel and possibility of peace
Thank you!!
wtf.
Amen to that, and don't forget your answers to your decisions, are just over your head, "In God we Trust".
How about start with condemning trump for spilling Israeli secrets to Russia?
It's time for you to get to work and FIRE Trump!! #TrumpLeaks #TreasonousTrump #ImpeachTrumpnow
Amen!
What brought this on?
If you move there Ted, I will agree
Lol gotta love your priorities. Ready to vote your conscience yet?
Jerusalem is called the city of God. It will never be divided. This is prophetic.
Wrong again Ted!!!  After us giving Russia intel from Mossad bet they don't much care what you think as a Trump flunkie. Putin paying you 2?
Follow the Russian money I'll bet it goes straight to the Clinton foundation
it's time for u to do ur job n IMPEACH TRUMP
Why doesn't this come from the WH?
Shut up Cruz ,antiTrump hypocrite!
no
Are you watching the news?
You and the GOP are #traitors.
YES
K, is that what they want though? And also, Trump, impeachment proceedings, Try and get re elected if you stay on his side.
How about getting us some decent healthcare since you wouldn't fix Obamacare. Dork.
Nah, lets keep going with Trump's plan. That idiot already burned their spy, lets drop a MOAB on the temple in Jerusalem. How about it teddy
Whatevs
Why are you always trying to fix problems outside the country. Jerusalem is a powder keg you should stay away from.
Why don't you stand up for your President first.
How about you focus on #healthcare and #AMERICAN issues vs your pissing contest with @marcorubio for the next #election. #AmericaFirst #maga
Perhaps protect Israeli secrets first.
Tell the President that.
Nothing to say about the #specialcounsel?
Revelation 3:9
which one ?
that was nice of him.!
The United States government's jurisdiction doesn't extend beyond the temporal. We have no business making any 'eternal' declarations.
#Deport him back to #Canada
I like Canada too, however he WAS born there; can't we return him?
Also time for @GOP to formally recognise non billionaires
Rabbi Cruz #israelfirst
#AMERICAFIRST
Shalom Senator Cruz
LYIN TED
