President Trump has made me so proud today to be an American. I am so proud of him
Hipocrite      Justify this
totally new to twitter but watched your show tonight and "we do this because we want to" made my day.
will steve king appear w a white pillow case on his head? #stevekingishate.com
You can be our next President Senator Cruz after Donald trumps two terms! That would be awesome. All this great progress will be preserved!
ted Cruz good to see he's on board
Bill, do u really not know why leftists oppose Kate's Law?If keep these immigrants, legal or illegal,may one day b a dem vote
@SenTedCruz Why don't you post pictures of immigrants. Women and children killed by americans.
How about Jade Helm 15?? Why don't you ask them about that?  No investigation into voter fraud? Direct threat to democracy?
Ted Cruz turned himself around and stood up like a man. Glad to see him Representing the ppl not his pride
@SenTedCruz cruz is a looser skipped your show.
quit calling them illegal immigrants that is pic they are illegal aliens.
Lets build a wall around Geraldo
yes around his mouth please..
Maybe you should have a discussion on how our constitution is being shredded
the never racist steven king itll be two peas in a pod.
little ted
can't wait to see it
listened to King and Cruze on your show. King hardly had a chance to speak. Cruze hogged all the time.
I saw the segment and lets get Kate's law passed! @tedcruz @SteveKing
#billotheclown #americanfascist
Dems are sick
Bill, I loved the way you controlled this interview!  You stopped Sen. Cruz from grandstanding!
Eric should have thrown a chair at Geraldo!
good to see Ted on your show
Cruz was born in camda
Bill O'Reilly, True Propagandist. Would be a high ranking Nazi SS officer in 30s & 40s.
Quit interrupting!
mexico won't pay.cruz and king can stand on their.head mexico won't be blackmailed
Miller was so funny! Great guests tonight... good show.
Torture might work in getting Trump to produce his tax returns.
great segment wth King & Cruz. Rivera needs his head examined. Drugs vs Murder? He won't support Kate's Law?
1 Year mandatory receiving American indoctrination 10 hours every day.
bill wtf with Lou he has been more down the middle than 99%
I saw  Ted Cruz needs to get his ass a board with this just like the rest of the Republicans it needs to be one solidified front against it
No one discusses cost of not having proposed Mexico border....such as education, health care, incarceration, etc. Why??
YOu were not hard enough on Juan Williams.NOt voting on Kate's Law-he is disgraceful
I meant you were not hard enough on Geraldo-He is disgraceful-He is full of shame for voting NO to Kate's Law-SMACK HIM
Did you discuss the Dreamers? I can imagine your position on that, O'Reilly. Problem is:  when a Prez bends a law, the next Prez bends more!
the wall isn't just a physical barrier it's about the whole of protecting our country from unwelcome negativity
@fliflisky Ask him about his basketball photo he tweeted today. 
Nice piece on Kate's law
I have zero respect for Geraldo. The fact that he wouldn't vote for Kate's Law is the most mind-blowing fact I've ever heard.
Maybe Geraldo or his relatives are illegal. Anybody checked their papers? Doesn't make sense to me either!
My dog watched
I now realize why Trump was elected. He tells it the way it is. These two or masters of political talk
@SenTedCruz Pull Foreign Aid money to pay for The Wall and to help Chicago issues
@SenTedCruz 
why don't you ask the israeli's if a wall works, you never do.Ask just once.@HeyTammyBruce @MariaBartiromo.@realDonaldTrump
so I guess you're never going to respond to my email about your lack of research on cannabis? I even left journals attached..
please stop having Geraldo on, he is such a liberal it's sick
stop businesses from hiring illegals!! That will dry up most of the illegals!!! C'mon get real!
you know Bill, Geraldo does not even deserve to be on your show. Fox should fire him.

Bill Please STOP having @GeraldoRivera on! He is a traitor a back stabber a baffoon and always WRONG! I'm begging @FoxNews
Ask Senator Cruz about Syria! We have been arming ISIS the whole time, 250000 Dead, McCain,Rubio,Graham Traitors Impeach Now!
@SenTedCruz @GeraldoRivera  @ericbolling did Geraldo just say he supported the wall!?!?!
and you constantly talked over them. You were more rude than usual.
Seattle will be begging for help. I can't wait!
Mr O'Reilly, I have seen first hand illegal immigrants voting & defrauding the welfare system. Our politicians encourage it.
This is a no brainier! Optics are bad to not pass #KatesLaw. Are some people being paid off or something?
Tax wire transfers (i.e. Western Union) from U.S. to Mexico to recoup costs of building the wall.
Notice Ted Cruz can't bring himself to say "President Trump".. new president..new administration...president Obama...etc but
we put up with o'reilly and Hannity.  Not more annoying then them.
you mean Pete and repeat. Way to go fox two idiots.or the 3 stooges
I asked,when I went to vote,if you had to show ID to vote.she said as long as they have a utility bill in their name, LEGAL!
Kates Law needs passed now!
Mexico paying for that too?
I.T in California  instructed to remove flag identifying illegal aliens w/driver license who vote by dmv and cali st. dept
I'm a supporter of u & O'Reilly Factor! Wasn't a big Cruz fan but 2nite, so not cool the way u kept rudely interrupting him!
Mexico's not gonna pay for that wall
Nice interview with Congressman King, Senator Cruz really loves to talk
Do you hear Bannon on this issue....I sure do...and it is not a good thing...
After 8 years of Perfect Obama destroying America, funding terror, race baiting, attacking police..etc Trump 
Amen!
