RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz New simplified #TaxPlan: Ind & Sm Bus Flat Tax 10% (keep all deductions); Corp. Flat Tax 15% (No Deductions).
@JustinTrudeau you should take note twatwaffle Trudeau
So do it, because I'm sick of paying $30k+ to the gov't every year and you have the majority. Do your damn job
People living under the poverty level should have to pay NO taxes@
Close deductions loopholes  only deductions that benefits everyone can use wealthy instead of 39% pat sat 15% like everyone. Called fair
It has already been proven tha trickel down does not crest jobs. This Republican tune is getting really old.
Cut Corporate taxes so they can hire more people too.
And I can find this completely written, ready for floor debate, piece of legislation where?
That is what is holding back job creation: Taxes? Not competition w automation and outsourcing? Not multi-million $ pay to execs?
Please on small business 
Or in my case 
Tiny business
Yes 140k is middle income for families.
Explain how people make too much $ for hurricane relief / assistance.

#wealreadypaidforit
#workingpeoplefirst
#payitbacktothosewhopaiditin
NO. you cut taxes to the middle-class, with student loan forgiveness. Put spending money in their hands. THAT creates jobs.
and corporations!
Porn, Lyin' Ted?  Always figured you for a hypocrite!  O'Rourke for Senate!

So the Democrat plan is vulgarity and increasing taxes? Not a winning agenda.
ICYMI-Dems only have this meme because of your boy liking it while wanking it.
im not even a dem LMAO
I was commenting on Linda's comment.
The rich do NOT need a tax cut until their sons and daughters begin to serve in uniform....
And when we do that Teddy, how do we pay for Irma and Harvey? Oh, and Sandy?
How about you create some porn jobs?!
And we'll raise them on large corporations and multi millionaires to make up for the deficit?
Mr Cruz,today,I have came to the realization that America  is in a steep decline,mr trump wants cave in on daca,TEXAS MUST SECEDE ASAP

Please support my GoFundMe campaign: https://www.gofundme.com/4drkyh4?pc=tw_co_shareflow_a&rcid=961411af95724bb2a0c1c423fc735886 … @gofundme 
But the plan you're proposing guts taxes on the wealthy and raises them on the middle class. Maybe your fingers were sticky when writing it.
We should cut spending first. Tax cuts may drive revenue- but spending grows w it. Congress spends as quick as it comes in #SpendingFirst
then do it and stop talking about it.
How about on retirees?
PR and Illusionary  
If not prove it. Don’t just cheer for your football team.
You cut taxes. You can just cut prices and pay raises.

send Dreamers back home #DACA
Nice try but you have zero credibility
Cutting taxes for businesses has only shown to increase profits and dividends. No trickle down, no increased wages or jobs. Stop lying Ted!
Just do it already
What about porn start-ups?
Senator, check on Houston, they are about to raise our property taxes...
We need you attacking Trump's amnesty plan. Stop it or impeach #AmnestyDon
You have a president who is willing to work to get things passed. Congress needs to do the same. Support our president!
I like Trump's tax plan. We need 15%! It will be huge in helping middle class & businesses.
Are you cutting Internet Porn Taxes, too?
get going senators!
A flat tax will ensure the working class bear all the tax burden, as long as state's give corporations billion dollar tax breaks

It didn't work in Kansas...



#CensureTrump #Censure  #HR496
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many

Sen Cruz, how well has that worked in Kansas?  Please answer
I really want to see just one @GOP admit, tell the truth, that you just want big tax cuts for the wealthy (your donors).  Doesn't help us.
Massive Tax Cuts for VICIOUS RICH REPUBLICANS, CRUEL KOCHS, MERCILESS MERCERS, VICIOUS DEVOS, BRUTAL ADELSON, only CRUCIFIXION FOR US
There is NO demonstrable link between cutting taxes and creating jobs. 

It's the lie we won't believe anymore.
You all can't do shit !! Where's Obamacare repeal?  Just go on another vacation  !!!!

Hold some public #TownHalls get our opinions
The 5 million soon to be amnestied dreamers and their extended families will be happy to hear that.
It's 800,000 dreamers and not their extended families, but why let a fact stop you from lying?
It's 689,821. But it won't stop there. Family members will be next.
Now you're just making sh!t up to fulfill your bias with the "it won't stop there" bs.
Cut taxes by cutting the pork in Texas. Resign infidel.

http://8harps.com 
We need Senators who claim to be Christians and family men to stop watching late-night porn
ICYMI you are a DIRTY LITTLE MAN go wash your cell phone and PRAY for forgiveness SINNER lol lying ted?  more like SPANKY lol what a joke
You liked vanilla Twitter Porn....Lulz
