.@SenTedCruz Neil Gorsuch lied about US Constitution of 1789 being in effect. Now Gorsuch is bankrupt. https://s3.amazonaws.com/khudes/Gorsuch3.pdf …
If the Constitution has not been in effect 1871, then EVERYTHING that has occurred since is illegal. What then?
.@ChiefGreyCloud @SenTedCruz I hold liens on the Federal Reserve -- Fed is getting wound down. Country debt is offset. That is GREAT NEWS..
@Mike_Beacham The left hates him because he isnt a liberal political activist in a black robe
Originalism allows the white male to maintain the control they started with. The Senator should know better.
.@SenTedCruz Hon. Merrick Garland also takes his obligation seriously but you as a Senator didnt last year when refused to vote #StolenSeat
@tempteststorm2 Sen Cruz you did the right thing. Rep need to stand behind the Peoples President. People's agenda.
if he follows the law, it'll be a first in the trump/Bannon administration! You know TREASON AND SEDITION are Trump's future..
whatever, you know you would vote the party line even if they had tails and horns, save your doublespeak
I believe he'll be a great judge for our Country
Republicans are now ok with cabinet nominees lying in confirmation hearings. U r beyond corrupt & unethical. It will backfire!
My President!
That better be a Lone Star beer, Senator.
Judge Gorsuch is unfit for the position of Supreme court justice.
@tempteststorm2 we are looking to you 2 stand with Pres Trump 4 American People. Need Senators with backbone. No campaigning.
Garland was a wonderful choice for the Supreme Court who never even received a proper vetting.
You're all over the place. No wonder nobody takes you seriously.
explain his stance on SpEd students?
so it's about the consitutiin with Gorsuch but not Judge Robart?? Can't have it both ways
With So many Judges not following the Constitution Is it time to start removing them ? Like Judge Robart in Seatt.
I've been praying: take a close look at DeVos. She may not be the one
I've been praying: Gorsuch must go through
I hope you don't vote for Trump's pick for secretary of education.
Are you going to ask him about his HS club or is that just more locker room talk? Ur girls should be so proud of "lyin Ted"
If Roe v Wade is overturned, I will cry tears of joy. Thank you for being a defender of the unborn, @SenTedCruz.
You know who else fits that very eloquent description? Merrick Garland. Yet you wouldn't even give him a hearing.
But he is a traditionalists who believes in a literal interpretation. Kinda scary. All men does not equal rich white landowners.
Thanks for sharing! 
WOW!  
do you like green eggs and ham? I do not like them Sam I am!!! Ring a bell Ted???!
Keep telling yourselves that he's a great guy and maybe you'll brainwash yourself to believe it!
and I believe he is. You on the other hand, I am not sure what you stand for. You are a flip flopper. A spineless coward
. What a nobody, five whole followers. Grow up.
Nope! Wrong again, dummy!
fascism forever---you cannot be serious
THANK YOU senator Cruz for standing up for judge Gorsuch MAGA 
no doubt, and so is Garland.
he's a good man
You forgot the "with a completely conservative right-wing view" to the end of that sentence. #StolenSeat #STOLEN
He also wants Fascism Forever.  Are you pro party or pro country, Senator?
Two right wing fanatics plotting the destruction of the Republic & Rep. Democracy! Truly inspiring & uplifting,is US great yet?
wish you were an impressive senator with a serious obligation to your constituents. #wastedsenateseat
love yo face
keep up the good work Senator and congrats to the judge
- Great job Senator Cruz! Thanks for everything you do!
@devilchasnme He'll make great decisions
insert anyone of the 'temper tantrum, crying, we didn't win, boo hoo, its not fair when we lose, you suck' liberal comment here
brought to you by Dr. Pepper
Yup he follows the law according to the Fascism Forever organization he founded. #thanksbutnothanks
EYE ROLL
But the Dems say that following the Constitution is totally disqualifying.
@Gingrich_of_PA Including the 14th Amendment PROHIBITING Anchor Babies?  Did you ask hm about that?
So Ted pulls out the I love the Constitution schtick as Dear Leader destroys it in the process. #hypocrisy
senator let's get this one through now
why do u want to destroy America
Did he ask you to join his Fascists Forever club? Oh, that's right, no one in DC wants you in their clubs.
and who wants to take away women's rights
