As a constituent, I beg to differ. The options proposed are cruel and inhumane -- be they cuts to Medicaid or excluding preexisting conds.
Really? By doing what exactly. Stripping people of Healthcare? Right, great idea! That's how capitalism work, help yourself I guess.
Dems R not Robin Hood, stealing from Middle Class taxpayers & leaving them 2 die & giving it 2 parasites who never did anything but take!
Spoken like a true patriot. F everyone else, don't touch mine.  Perfect.
Down with this Trump sycophant
bad bad, as long as u ain`t got no realistic alternative what does the vote help? just to satisfy the showmaster??? poor reps!!!
Are your pants on fire yet?
You have lost my vote forever... I will vote for anybody over you including all Democrats
I will vote for the yellow dog before I vote for Cruz.
I dont know what the yellow dog is....but I wont support stupidity
Yellow dog Democrat. Refuses to acknowledge existence of Republicans. I am becoming one.
DEMS need to Come to the table and work for real solutions, not FAKE MEDIA talking points! Solutions require compromise and ingenuity! WORK!
The republicans must make sure that Americans never have Univeral 1 payer Garbage Govt Health Ins. This is never an options!
bc who wants 2 pay less for HC. We must think of the poor HC CEOs that price gouge the American people.
I did get ACA & it allowed my 2 get meds that lowered my BP before it killed me. So I'm glad 4
I  that you assumed I dont pay taxes. Im sorry they didnt allow u 2 keep ur HC prov / allow u 2 see ur docs
OC DID this 6 times in 7 yrs & refuse 2 pay 4 pre-existing conditions. If congress won't get rid of OC, than it's victims will do it.
Do you people not understand that ins co are dropping out of AHC as they are loosing too much $? Socialized medicine cost Charlie Gard!...
I want a Senator who listens and fights for me. You aren't that person. I'm making  you the responsible party on all my medical bills.
No, sent it to Obama.
Only ppl complaining are the ppl on Medicaid get a JOB!
Not true! Some of us are just old, if you are lucky, you will get old, too. Then we will talk about healthcare.
comrade, jumping back into the hot water is the mistake the frog made,but then, you're Pepe the Frog anyway @txlege @SenateGOP #resist
This is what today looked like. I hate the fact that this graphic is even relevant. Tell me, Ted, who does the GOP plan REALLY help?
Healthcare is being held hostage by DEMS politizing your health. Shameful! Schemer & Warren are just looking for votes-they don't give a rip
@BetoORourke  for 2018. I can't wait until you no longer represent me.
You have no shame, sir. Get one of the crappy policies for your family that we will have to get and tell me it worked out. You disgust me.
And WE pay for their excellent healthcare! Sign the petition to remove healthcare and retirement for Congress!
Warren made hundreds of thousands per year as elite professor so don't buy she is in it for you, the little guy. That's BS! DEMS need to..
Lyin' Ted living up to his namesake. Economy added 24K health jobs per month so far in 2017. Repealing Obamacare would kill that job growth.
I WILL vote and campaign against you.
senator, what are the harms of the aca, what does this bill do to fix them & what does a policy w/same benefits in aca cost now?
Your done as a senator
I've already got 20,000 people ready to vote against you Cruz
Keep pushing repeal Senator Cruz!
I hope you have excellent insurance and that no member of YOUR family suffers a catastrophic illness.
I wish! OC put us out of healthcare. We could afford 1st year but none after that. I don't have luxury of subsidies either. Need competition
It was not a step in the right direction, just the opposite. I look forward to voting you out of office.
Voting out, Pelosi,Waters,Chumer,  and all the rest of the left.
Senate’s Better Care Reconciliation Act (BCRA) would drive up the uninsured rate in every U.S. state.
And that's going to cost more than ACA in ER visits and unpaid medical bills!
God Bless You Senator #TedCruz and Thank You from #WeThePeople to all who Voted Yes! Keep Fighting the Good Fight!
I certainly hope you and yours don't develop a catastrophic illness or get old!
Tell the Dems to get off their AS- and get to work. Healthcare is a human issue, not a GOP or DEM issue. Go Ted!
The GOP is broken and ran by a few, until you agree to work all the members of congress, all the legislation you pass will be illegitimate
Coward
Down with Cruz. His not even a True Texan.
Ted Cruz is a coward. He's a murder, he's an out of touch moron.. we need to toss his ass out. Down with Cruz
Get rid of the bailouts that are in the bill! Stop trying to make the taxpayers responsible for government failures! Cut and limit gov!
Fix the ACA. Texas deserver better than Cruz.
You guys literally voted to talk...not really seeing the great accomplishment here.
SHAME ON YOU!  This is a travesty.
Your vote today was a disgrace to the people of Texas.  Start listening to fact based analysis around healthcare and your constituents!!!
Thank you for listening, I'm proud off you
I never get over the amount of retarted tweets on the subject of the aca enough said
Your vote today is reason 210 why I look forward to voting against you next year!
WE pay $6k in premium and $12k 4 ppl- in DEDUCTIBLE! I have not been to dr in 6 yrs. #FREEMARKET No ins. You to cty hospitals NO MEDICAID
48 democrats and 2 republicans voted today to not even talk about making our healthcare better.
And then what's the plan?
And,we the people, watched elected SERVANTS BETTAY us, by not voting for a lousy vote to even discuss a health care bill 
Get it done. Just do it! People are just afraid of any change even though what they have is disgraceful. Quit talk talk talk waste time
Full REPEAL.  NO MANDATES now or ever.
Anything less than full repeal is shameful and a betrayal of our trust.
Thanks  partywhore not only did u take insurance  way from them, you just caused a lot of poor working class ppl their jobs, also.
What a lot of ppl don't  realize is if you cut medI aid...Medicare ppl suffer too. Medicaid pays home health care workers and the agencies.
20 hours of debate...shouldn't take that long to take away healthcare from 22 million.  Shame.
How can we get relief from Congressmen  as dishonest as you are lying Ted
Beto for Congress in 2018! Ted, you better dust off your law license because you are going to be looking for employment.
We need relief from you! Listen to your constituents! Listen to the AAP!! Fix ACA!! No Repeal!!!#KeepKidsCovered#NoMoreSenTedCruz
Today's vote was a critical step in the right direction for every Texan to vote you out in 2018. You are really a piece of work.
Still don't have a plan Rafael...
What was the step?  What bill did you vote for?
Have you listened to ANY constituents or just the Koch brothers??
If you can tell me what the next step will be, I'll give you a giant thumbs up...
Thank you for saving millions from the life saving health care that threatens their liberty.
Senate needs to get this right. Whole handling of this vital issue has been bad. This needs bipartisan involvement. It was 1st flaw of AHCA.
Thank you Senator Cruz!
I AM FURIOUS
I don't need relief. You are making up your own agenda
@SenTedCruz @RandPaul @SenMikeLee Guys, be on the lookout for the old "Bait and Switch", McConnell can't be trusted!
"Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all." O.W. Holmes
GOP promised repeal. Repeal or every candidate lied, + Trump.
One baby step, what we need is a bold giant step!
I have always voted republican.  You have lost my vote in '18 for allowing this.  That's one verifiable vote gone.
Ok! Let's hear more about your proposal!
You voted to suspend rules of order & ram through a vote on the bill your big-money masters want. I'm ashamed you "represent" me, you ghoul.
You are out of your mind. #2018
Sounds good, keep fighting the good fight.
Time to get this POS out of the @SenateGOP
You've lost my vote sir
15 million registered voters in TX, less that 400 likes of this status. Good job, Good effort.
The Democrats had 7 years to fix this screwed up Law. please ask them for me what their excuse is for not doing so.. On the Floor.
They R a disgusting lot that showed suffering Americans under obamacare the fingertodayLet Americans give itback2M
Hey Cruz you awake? We want an answer, You gonna cowboy up and ask them or not.. People are sick of this crap.
the detractors are not paying the high premiums or being unlawfully fined.
What harms? Pre-existing? Minors until 26? Exactly what harms & how will GOP cure & replace with what?
Please remember those disabled and retired do not have HSA's to fall back on. Drugs are bankrupting Seniors. Does anyone care?
@SenTedCruz You are playing fast & loose with MY LIFE! #NoRepeal #SaveTheACA #HEALTHCAREFORALL
GOP will own this vote against the majority of American voters. Good luck in 2018.
GOP leadership has to go, some of us voters have had enough of the lies. thank you for your constitutional vigilance.
You will never cease at being disappointing Ted
Ok good job!!
Please. Do tell what the harms are and how they are worse than your bill that will strip coverage from millions? Reelection will not go well
Obamacare didn't work so why hold on to it's failed ideas. Completely repeal and start fresh with torte reform and expanded competition.
Wish I could believe that
WRONG. Lost my vote.
Taking insurance away from the poor and middle class to fund a tax cut for the rich is immoral.  Shame on you and the gop.
That bus just mowed us down. Are you going to embrace @SenJohnMcCain and his vision for the Senate? Somehow I doubt it. #TrumpcareSucks
@BetoORourke to provide relief from @SenTedCruz in 2018.  #VoteOutCruz #Vote2018
Sorry... I meant "ideas"
Get Drs that r in Senate & Congress, along with other Dems & Repubs to help replace Obamacare. They should have some good iseas
I have healthcare through my employer. Grateful for that.
Thank you, Senator Cruz! 
Disappointed in, but not terribly surprised by, your vote. I hope you will pause and consider the human costs of repealing ACA. #NoRepeal
We NEED Obamacare!!  You aren't listening to your constituents!
Please implement quickly so all the people thrown off healthcare can have the info they need to vote in 2018.  Plus people who know people
If you wanted regular order, you would have voted no to this. It is not regular order, this is a joke.
If Texas slid off the map and fell directly on you never to be seen again, it still would not remove the taint you have left on the USA
60 times the R's voted to defund knowing that Zippy would veto it, now all we hear are crickets chirping! '18 midterms - around the corner!
2018 #Guilty50
Ted are you willing to resign your office if even one person loses coverage or if one dies from lack of same.  You should
If by "right direction," you mean kill more Americans than ISIS ever could.

#SaveACA #HealthCareVote #Trumpcare #traitors
get out of it all together
Why don't these to switch parties? We know where their loyalty lies and it's not with the people!
Keep cutting our services & giving it to Israel which you also supported in making Americans criminals if they didn't support it #BDS
Tell it like it is Dallas girl!!
Today was a despicable, unprincipled performance by the Senate.  You just upped the level of political partisanship.
See you all at the polls, thanks for the gift of getting the House back. Maybe you’ll give up the Senate too?
If you don't actually provide that "relief," people are going to know it.  Even a republican will turn on you if they are DIRECTLY screwed.
You as bigly a #liar as @realDonaldTrump who's now an #international #embarrassment, cause he lies every damn day in incoherent speeches.
More bs from Ted = another donation to @BetoORourke

Who payed for healthcare when we didn't have Obama care ? we had better insurance then. We are not a socialist country .Keep government out
A lot of people went to ER it made insurance  go up for the rest of us. Lot of unpaid medical bills.
Thank you Senator Cruz for working toward solutions, having principles and not just obstructing like Collins and Murkowski.
You need to be AG!
you just ripped out healthcare from 22 million people
Right for who? for kids who chose their parents well & can afford to have healthcare! Or those who chose NOT to be disabled or old! #SAD
No INS BAIL OUT!!
WE THE PEOPLE KNOW THIS ALREADY
This list bothers me but doesn't surprise me. Do you happen to have a list of democrats ins donors?

How can you sleep at night and how can your wife stomach to be near you?
FULL REPEAL
Your voters don't want this. You did this for you dumbfucker
Thanks for working so hard to throw millions off healthcare.
You mean off of insurance? You are doing a diservice to the discussion by confusing the two.
Stop lying. You don't give a shit about anyone but rich, white dudes.
#ColorMeDubious #DefundPPperminatly
AND How many (geriatric) Dr's are going to be looking for other employment?You can't run a practice off love!Already seeing layoffs.
No Insurance bail out
Ohh My, If you give Large Businesses and small Businesses a 15%tax cut, you better do it across the board! Less deductions
Need to change IRS DIRECTOR

No. TrumpCare is going to rip insurance away from many to be replaced with junk policies, lifetime caps, and horribleness. BETO 2018!!!
You're all crooks
What do you suggest the 32M (including children & cancer patients) who stand to lose coverage do?
32M isn't nearly enough. The more people that are uninsured, the less power the beurocratic middle man has to inflate our healthcare costs
I call bullshit on your tweet.  BULLSHIT!
1st step is great, the voters are waiting for the final vote to fix healthcare especially the individual market... Free mkt solutions.
"Harms"? Like "being able to purchase affordable individual insurance plans that provide effective coverage?" That kind of harm?
"affordable".  
Looking forward to your re-election, so we can move forward to relief from the harms of the @GOP
Thank you Senator Cruz!
20-30 million will lose healthcare. Untold death and suffering. 1/6 of the economy implodes. You are a monster.
Ted Cruz has a card in: http://ThePartisanNews.com 
You're celebrating taking the steps just to DEBATE the bill as though you had already repealed the whole thing.


The Senate bill is garbage and will harm even more people, so get off your high horse Lyin' Ted
Thank you
It will harm millions of Americans... voting Americans. Get ready! #BetoForTexas
Obamacare did as well which is why Dems lost over 1000 seats.
@BetoORourke to provide relief from @SenTedCruz in 2018.  #VoteOutCruz #Vote2018
Lol.. Great joke that @BetoORourke (piece of work, that one) could beat @SenTedCruz. Only the delusional could think THAT would happen.
Well shit, now you've gone and changed my mind.  We're gonna do our best.
The GOP wants to support ...
a President with a 39% approval 
by passing a bill with a 17% approval, 
to replace a bill with 55% approval.
