We are frustrated that you refuse to engage with Dems and leave half the country unrepresented because of it.
Hahaha Fix what the Dems broke but fix it the way Dems say WHAT A F****** Joke
GOP are as much responsible for ACA failings as Dems. Worked to make it fail. Politics over country. Dems do it, too.
Not 1 Republican voted for the ACA their fault is not the filibuster
They filibustered until enough was added/removed from ACA for them to accept it. Had power to stop it. Didn't.
No they didn't feel a buzzer was passed as a part of an Appropriations bill in the dead of night. You can read what's in it after we pass it
Give me evidence that is true and not just a talking point repeated over and over until it "feels" true.

Really? By putting party over country?
2018 Cruz will lose.
#BetOnBeto
What does that even mean concerning Ted Cruz ?
It means he doesn't GAF about the common man.
His actions prove differently . Many other politicians to pick from that the statement would be correct . Not TC
His actions? Unless you're a wealthy, straight, white male he's done both for you. He's playing you for a sucker.
Who is your political person that's for the people ?
I'd say Franken. There are others, both Dem and GOP, but they tend not to grandstand.
Ty I know where we stand .
what yall havent heard us the last 7 yrs??? I call bs yall dont care abt us only your excellent healthcare...
Everyone said yes beside 3 democrats in disguise.
Even the ones who voted for it said the plan was shit and that they were just hoping to get to conference.
It was the previous RYAN plan that got declined, not skinny reapeal, this one actually was going through but they were still working on it.
They hoped they were still working on it. Ryan had the option to send it through as is.They vote on the bills they have, not what they hope.
Our frustration will be heard LOUDLY.

Get to work!
@SenTedCruz is one who does what he promises us he will. So glad I live in #TEXAS where my voice matters. #RepealACA or #LetItFail
Texas !
Better yet Texan !
Thank you for your vote. There are 3 traitors that we will not vote for. It's a shame. They have failed us. Glad McCain has great healthcare
They should be recalled, all three of them. Two won't be up fir election until 2022. #RECALL
60+ million Americans will never forget what these 3 have done today. We owe you big for our families future!

Can't wait. I will be voting all red minus 3.
Don't wait til the election. Primary these clowns with amyone that will run, but not Dems. That will sink this ship to turn it over to Libs.
Totally agree
American people want more than just. being heard.They want justice to be served with many inditement's. No person is above our laws.No one!
Keep fighting for us! MAGA45
Stop campaigning Ted! We still don't want you
Judas McCain - mints himself another 30 pieces of silver for his power coffers.
No, they have forgotten that they work for us! McCain got applause that they shouldn't listen to conservatives & talk radio!  Term Limits!
We are very ticked off. Senators are a disgrace.
It better be or you'll be seeing a lot of new faces!
Understanding it isnt experiencing it. A friend died bc all his $$ went to #Obamacare. But he needed cancer prescriptions.
If he had no money he'd be eligible for Medicaid.
You say. And hes dead. Thanks for your nonsolution.
Just saying it's not the ACA.
The ACA put him in this situation. And Medicaid didnt help.
So before the ACA, when he had either no insurance or a useless Cato plan, things were better.
When he had insurance, money and was alive, things were better. Try it sometime.
I wish @SenJohnMcCain  had to be on Obamacare!  He just flipped off avg working ppl who can't afford this!
If not obamacare than he needs to only go to VA hospitals for treatment.
I get your sarcasm. That is exactly what will be if single payer is installed.
@SenTedCruz - Excuse me if I'm more than a little skeptical! Eight years you and Senators hid behind Obro, what would make you change.
I certainly hope your right because there are a lot of pissed off Americans today.
The only way we will get the Senate and Congress to do their join is to remove McConnell & Ryan, by force if necessary
are you ready to start a new party How about THE AMERICAN PARTY I would
 vote for that
I  just do not think so Ted. I appreciate your efforts tho.
Here they are, all the government representatives receiving 70% subsidy for Obamacare.
lol...... i guess
Speak for the people that put you in office & give us reasonable health care. Gkids deductible is 1200 per mo before anything is paid
Thank you Ted Cruz for fighting the good fight!  Many of us see what you are trying to do!!!
SHUT down some funded programs that research shrimp running on a treadmill. Useless gov programs like that and use that money to put to debt
We need coverage for those who can't afford it but there has to be way to bring premiums down and put in place abetter healthcare than ACA.
We don't want to pay for congress to have insurance, why will no one talk about this!
As a Texan, I'm relieved that #Obamacare is still in force.
Double dog LIAR
What promise are you talking about - the one that kicks millions off healthcare or letting the ACA implode, hurting millions?
You know what I'm frustrated with?  You and your Orange Fuhrer.
Wanna Fix Healthcare? FIRE the Insurance Companies. Create NEW System. It's Time. @allnurses @AmerMedicalAssn @MtnMD
All of u should be proud u got us fighting like dogs over the bones u throw us from ur steaks u eat
Teddy, their are non so blind as those who will not see.
Trump is a vote to change the way lawmakers do things! Reduce government size and end the corrupt state now!
Beto!
I would love to feel that could be true  but I don't
No doubt. November 2018.
Next president
Eddie Munster, you need to count yourself among the blame worthy. If we weren't a nation of sheep, you'd be packed already.
If they haven't figured out how pissed off we are by now, I doubt they ever will. CruzCrew!!
Mr Cruz, I do not believe you or any of the other senators understand our frustration and if things don't turn soon it will show at polls.
No you do not understand the frustration-if you did you would start by living on OCare & off ur Cadillac of HC or let us have the same as u.
I am an American People and believe   in the system. Not frustrated. Never believed in you but time will tell.
when????
Apparently not.  You aren't listening to the #American people, otherwise you would see that your #HealthcareBill is shitty and #FixACA.
I don't know why you people just let it die.  It's on a death spiral now.  No need to replace it just let it go.
Especially here in TX, where you voted to throw 1.7 mil people off healthcare...I hope they throw you out in 2018
nope, you still ain't listening Comrade- we love Obamacare we love single payer better, we hate your sanctimonious zealotry @BetoORourke
Do you really? When was the last time you had a town hall or didn't look like a Batman villain?
You got that right, we will change the people in the Senate. GET THINGS DONE!
I'm frustrated because you're not working towards universal healthcare.
I've preached against it for years, but it's time for you and the members of The Freedom Caucus & Tea Party to part company with the GOP.

If the Senate had the same healthcare insurance as us they would have already fixed this issue yesterday. There word would not be lies.
The people that need healthcare feel betrayed by you @SenTedCruz
I can only hope that my two Senators are listening to the people of this state.
Would B great4 @SenateGOP 2hear voters. They R deaf until elections. C @senrobportman & @SenJohnMcCain how many times lied 2voters 2B Elec.
Especially those of you that tried to DESTROY our health care and way of life. Resign or face the voters, you bought-and-paid-for puke.
Oh you have no idea senator Cruz. The entire Senate and Congress is way out of touch with the American people
Enough worthless talk we want action. No more lies. We will vote out all of Washington if that's what it takes
Are you going to join the Trump administration as the new AG if he is fired?
You will see the frustration and anger in 2018
No you don't. You only know what helps you pocket more $$$$$$$$$. BETO 2018. Pack your bags...
We are frustrated because you don't listen to your constituents and don't seem to have any idea what it's going to take to fix healthcare.
Get a better health plan that covers more people.  You have a plan for that, right?  Otherwise, it's bye-bye to you in 2018.
Shaddup
The election to oust you can't come soon enough
We are angry & frustrated with YOU & your refusal to work w/Democrats to fix our healthcare system.  You tried with only GOP votes & failed
Then turn your damn fax machine back on
We're not frustrated we're sick of it. Time for a new party. Drain the swamp. Rep & dems both. Your fired!
Mc Connell should step down and you should take his place.
We're trying to replace RINIOs and wimpies with conservative, constitutional Republicans who do the voters' bidding, not owned by lobbyists.
You should know. you were rejected for president because you're part of the good ole boy system.
I think none of you are listening. you all have your own agenda. The people need Obamacare repealed and the government out of healthcare.
Yes we are frustrated with your parties horrible ideas. Your will find out in the 18 election when you will all be looking for a job
Nice try Teddy dear, but it ain't working. We don't believe your bullshit. U actively worked to rip healthcare away from MILLIONS #voteBeto
So frustrated with all of you...self serving...remove the mandate!  Make co-op coverage acceptable. This is not about you!
One of the biggest frustrations is that a person like you is actually a member of the Senate. In any rational world, this would not be.
If you truly understood the American people you would loudly & proudly back @potus every step of the way.
REPEAL OBAMACARE, REPLACE SENATE! YOU ALL LIED! NO AMENDMENTS, REPEAL! You promised to fight & REPEAL, NOT THIS bs
I truly feel that nobody is steering the ship as we go through stormy seas. He has to be impeached. He has turned this Rep. into a Dem.
I think so too. The frustration will be heard on election day.
Yes, like when we vote for #Beto & kick your butt to the curb
Dude, you don't understand a damn thing.
Have to get the House to their job. Just follow the money and start exposing a few people. That might get others attention.

Then QUIT WORKING IN FUCKING SECRET. Bring D's into the mix. Your hatred of Obama is blinding you & preventing you from truly fixing this
Ted why dont you Shame on you to put a nasty president in charge?
@SenJohnMcCain voted against his campaign promise to Arizona.He lied&now he is in for 6 years.Thx Sen Cruz for keeping your word to America!
the senate needs new leadership!
Time for term limits...that's the only solution to getting career politicians out and get people in who will really represent the people
JUST let Obamacare implode and blame the Democrats.  Repeal all Obamacare.
I don't think 1/2 + of them give a rats azz about we the people
Not as many as if the bill had passed
I'm frustrated that you think walking back on coverage is progress.  Stop that.  Increased coverage at lower costs is progress.
I am the constituent here.  As far as I'm concerned, the constituents set the metrics, not you.
GOP msging must be plainer & more truthful. Not enough support from The People because we know healthcare solutions stink. What is possible?
RAIN=Remove all incumbents NOW!!

thank you Ted ,I am behind you and I have developed a lot of respect for you
Full repeal then the dens will work with GOP.
I am so very angry with Congress, both the House and Senate; we have given the GOP EVERY THING they asked for and they still break promises.
It sure will be during election time!

Turncoat, traitors are the three senators!  Might as well be democrats.  How could anyone vote for these hypocrites?
John McCain made a huge mistake. Ted you need to take Jeff sessions job. He blew it too.
No offense Senator, but you guys have had ample opportunity to get it right and still haven't. Our faith in you guys is withering...
as long as you can cash in on Obamacare you won't replace it.
An understatement and the donations to the GOP are going to tank starting with me.
No you dont as you payted McCain on the back.  Whete was your anger at a senator that abandoned his party.  McCain is a political jerk, You?
Repeal is still a viable option. Get GOP onboard and united. It is time to stop punishing the hard working Americans with horrible insurance
2018
your brand of obstructionism is the OPPOSITE of the answer
Last night's vote was not what was promised
No. It won't. The election ofvTrymp should have sent a big enough message.
You have NO idea just how mad we are
You do realize this was a spiteful and showboat
Political vote by mccain .i see his healthplan was
Great and took care of him wow
You sure will!
Meanwhile Politics wins over the needs of Americans crippled by ACA.... we're still out here, still can't afford the premiums
you are so right. I can not believe we failed to Repeal Obamacare. You have met my Missy and Obamacare has failed her.
Yeah it is frustrating when the American people have no representation.
I don't really think you understand though.
You are one of the few that actually understand what Obamacare is doing to taxpayers. You should be Senate Majority Leader!
Trump follows Obama administration policy.  Trump not much leader.  Preibus got what he wanted. American People bird finger. Left happy
Can't wait to vote against you TX #2018
I don't think your listening Ted to our frustration with you.
Good.  The frustration of the idiot republicans who stopped repeal is real
I'm pissed
Remove exemption to government mandated insurance for Congress & watch  REPEAL they promised happen in short order.  Repeal it or you lied!
TOTALLY understated Senator ... Many ... And I mean many ... Of the @GOP Gals and Guys will be unemployed in 2018!  Unacceptable governing!!
Is this about kick backs from insurance com.?
The 3 Republicans acted as Traitors to the People that are carrying the most burden of Obamacare-the middle class!
Our frustration will be heard at the ballot box! #Primary Republicans!
Still can't understand how taking healthcare away from millions of people is a good idea. You are a worthless rep and gone in 2018.
You think??? You better know so!
When?
Frustrated with you
Term limits are so important! 
I'm so angry I can't call you. (busy signal) You won't hold town hall meetings. You're not a good representative.
Sorry ted your icon looks alot like mccains
The GOP in Arizona, Maine and Alaska should recall Sen. McCain, Collins and Murkowsky for embarrassing the RNC and all GOP in Congress!DEMS!
Political fragmentation must stop. Focus on priorities and do the right thing!
No,U don't understand! Some of us live close 2paycheck 2paycheck,can't afford Obamacare or the fine,not entitled to subsidies,don't want em

I sure hope it better get done & FAST! We need to get on to TAX REFORM & GIVE US " THE AMERICAN PEOPLE" A HUGE BREAK!!!!
By voting you out.
Are you listening?  The frustration is with you.
Oh, it will be. You preyed on our anger and LIED to us about repealing. We will remember.
No, few in the senate are listening or care. YOU didn't even stick 2 your guns & insist on full repeal. You all who promised it should do it
https://soundcloud.com/pcola-cashmanians/blac-widow …
Hey Lyin' Ted,  Wrong!  ACA popularity is at an all-time high.
Ted, down here in Texas are angry and pissed off at the Senate.
Now we know who to replace next election.
You LOVE the sound of your own voice, yet you know NOTHING about health care policy. You're a lawyer, stick to that.
Angry and disappointed by McCain
The 1st thing you can do is stop exempting Congress from this health care act! If you truly understood our frustration you would know that.
You are right, we are ANGRY and they WILL hear about it. Especially at the ballot box!  Stand by you motley batch of COWARDS.
Day late Ted.
You heard me , Senator Cruz, and I look forward to working to vote you out of office in 2018 #principles matter #you have none
Its not his fault its the arizona alaska maine jackasses that wouldnt even vote to stop taxes
Mandates this is all about stop trump
We have been expressing our frustration and anger for years. Senate leadership is incompetent!
The frustration is that you actually ARE NOT working for the people, just for the Koch bros.
I'm as blue collar as they come. My frustration is with any government involvement in healthcare. Free market capitalism is the answer.
I think doctors should start opening up cash clinics offering what hosp.do
Have some real town halls and we can explain it all to you. Let's talk, okay?
No Lying Ted. Neither frustrated nor angry. Quite pleased in fact. Now go away. America does not need you payaso.
Your party couldn't  create let alone pass a great plan. Ship without a captain!
Is my President for 2024 if he stays commited to the GOP unity.
You've had 7 years of nothing of whining and complaining about Dems. You are all incompetent obstructionists.
It's the same old crap
If u understood, u would work together-with ALL in Senate. To enable Trump's lies is abhorrent. Call him out! He's not right  of time.
I'm not afraid to say it... McCain needs to walk away and take care of himself because he can no longer take care of the American people!!

we are frustrated at you for trying to pass bills that nobody want, and not checking the executive branch.
Frustrated that you're still there...
