diversion as usual. What are you doing about possible ties to Russia within the Trump administration?
a true patriot would be demanding an independent investigation into Trump's Russian ties.
what hostility? you war hawks just want war, any fucking war will do...
Guess you don't read the news. Iran has taken several hostile actions in last yr. I see no call for war in this
Respectfully, shut up about Iran. Nobody cares. Conservative voters in TX (like me) want to know what you're doing about RUSSIA.
come tell us all about @ a town hall? How does next week work for you?
Your constituents are more concerned about Russia right now. You'd know this if you held town halls.
Dems are used to snuggling up with terrorist.
The Corrupt Obama Regeim = best friends with Goad Humping  Homicidal Islamic Savages.  Obama Still SUCKS.
So Russia meddling in election and constant cont w/Trump campaign is OK with you. That's very unamerican Ted.
stop spreading this false news. Besides, we woulda most likely voted for putin over hillary anyway.
That's a pretty sad statement. But you must be a russbot so troll somewhere else.
just trolling trolls.
Appeasement Never Works. Thank God Trump Is In Office Now!!
stall and deflect. What about POTUS ties to Russia?
Oh, so you only love presidents who appease Russia.
YES!
I want to hear more about it! Come discuss and educate us @ a town hall. What day works for you?
U, trump, & ur ridiculous party r insuring war, u r the war hungry party. We r NOT safer with Republicans n office.
Obama sounded nice eloquently but demonic in action to USA
How are you going to accomplish that ?
#CNN tells us that Iran is a peaceful land of  resorts and a leader in peaceful use of nuclear energy now.
@EternaFreeda @USATODAY 

Ban #muslimbrotherhood Ted!

We must fight for freedom from radical islamists!

Go @POTUS
No more WARMONGERING
How about standing up to Russians? Why do you support possibly treasonous regime? Are you trying to start Iran war to distract?
how about standing up for USA against Russia.
Best tend to your own house before you meddle in someone else's. #Russiagate #DoYourJob #corruption #FireSessions
Reinstate all sanctions against Iran.
And the Democrats are crying about talking to the Russian diplomats. White they pushed their scam with Iran.
sorry Ted. Kremlin says no on Iran tough talk. Pull up your big boy pants and do your job...
Trump said he won't tear up the deal, but rather renegotiate.  Why?  You're urging stronger action, I see.
Obama had sanctions against Iran and ended their nuclear program. What's Trump's stance on Russian aggression?
Your tepid #sabrerattling doesn't distract from the harm you do. #sessions #russianbribery @gopsenate.
please let us all know exactly what hostility you're speaking of
Hugging Trump again?
Assign #SpecialProsecutor to investigate mountain of #TrumpRussia evidence.   Hang #traitors & those aiding & abetting
LYING TED AT IT AGAIN DISGUSTING TRUMPSUCKER .
I believe Majority Iranian people are good but The Islamic-Fascists  Government is Evil and needs to be removed.
funny how that translates into raising the value on Russian oil exports.  WEIRD COINCIDENCE I'M SURE IT'S NOTHING
Obama's crippling sanctions brought them to negotiate the deal between many nations .  You read green eggs and ham
she should have to pay back all the California farmers who lost everything in 2009 because of a fish.
maybe start a little war to distract from the Russian debacle?
about time''
please investigate Mrs. Pelosi on her VISA stock that went up 203% while she fought Comprehensive credit card reform
That's nothing. Reps and Dems have been appeasing Indian billionaires with #H1B abuse for 26 years. @POTUS has an EO on his desk
Ted. TRump works for hisself and Russia $$$. Let's see his taxes. It will tell the truth.  What are u afraid of? The truth?
starting new wars the military complex at full speed @GOP already killed 4500 Americans 4 Iraq oil $ and bankrupt us.
Obama & Russia working together to secure Iran deal. All these Russian contacts with Trump team were set up last year.
#LetMeKnowHowThatTurnsOut
Fact Check TedCruz - Trump obliterate Cruz before labeling him “a liar” and “the most dishonest” person in politics.
Teddy, you know the Russians are allied with Iran, and Trump is allied with Russia.NEVER HAPPEN, your boyfriend.
The GOP is determined to start another war!
where and when?
Let's see sanctions against Iran during Obama's term...that looks like appeasing to me.... #YouCannotBeSerious
#repealandreplacetedcruz2018
we need Ted in the AG's office as an assistant!
#MAGA
Cruz once called Trump a 'sniveling coward', now he's kissing his,,,,,,
