aaaaaargh! !!not the tangerine turd!!!
Why is @tedcruz there? Does this act guarantee him a seat on the first space shuttle back home?
If you love NASA, you'll love NASA's Earth climate research! Look at all this evidence of climate change:
"Man Made #ClimateChange" is a fraud.

See the great work by @SteveSGoddard

http://realclimatescience.com 
Hmmm, that's confusing. He's also said "Everyone agrees that humans have caused some warming"!
I just want to no where are you guys going if earth is flat an you can't get pass the dome what did them millions go to really
When you happy NASA actually got some money but know the earth is dying due to Climate Change
When theres a million other agencies already studying climate change...........
#MASA
Hope NASA will have a mission after being dormant for 8 years.
Bringing America's space program BACK...critical to whole economyThank you, Mr. President
are you kidding me? He cut their budget. Granted by only .8% but come on.
have you forgotten Obama slashed NASA funding? By a huge margin?
he shifted a lot of NASA $ around to my chagrin but it's absurd to say trump's "bringing it back"
Still an increase. If NASA's so important we'd have elected Joe Biden who wanted to expand it.
oh whole lot of civilian technology has come from nasa.
has come from space travel, you mean. SpaceX could have done the same thing.
they advance our nation in a lot of ways other than space travel and study.
How can you support space exploration and not climate change?! Science is science, not a political pull toy.
YOU CANT FUND EVERYTHING. We are in major debt. There will need to be cuts if we want any increases. NASA getting an increase is good
How about cutting corporate welfare for oil etc? Indict white collar criminals and save science & humanity.
We're supposed to be the richest nation in the world? Where's the money? Close loopholes, end cronyism.
Go ask your beloved Obama for the missing money!
Seriously where the hell did 9 trillion dollars go during Obamas 8 years. I see nothing in return for it.
Give us the good news & deport him to Mars.
with no spacesuit
the martians would bring him back and then attack us for leaving him there
it's because of him that the Martians are going to build a wall, because earth is not sending its best
I guess giving NASA more to do with less money will make NASA great again. Bullshit flag waving.
the dumbest person in that room is @POTUS
#Awesome!

he cut your climate change budget and youre celebrating? Weak shit
yes he cut it ... BY 0.8%
what the heck is the NASA Authorization Act????????
Trump signed a bill that gives NASA 19.5 billion for 2018 with an end goal of a crew on Mars in 2030s. Plus something about Asteroids
They could've said that. Sheesh.
finally good news, love the space, that's where our technology generates
ok.....
Thank God! He did the right thing!
anything he dies I question
@POTUS is getting down to business now!
Tell him about climate change!
Can we send DJT to Mars!!? 
In related news: NASA astronomers, using the Hubble Telescope, have discovered the location of Hillary Clinton's missing heart!
@SenTedCruz @POTUS Traitor Trump
Does he know who NASA are..?
Double check it didn't say Nazi.
@realDonaldTrump President Trump THANK YOU!!!America's blessed to have this man born for this job.He is strong bold courageous
I've signed some things, some really big things.  People say I have the best writing, which is surprising with these huge hands
Deport him to Mars. Record it. Sell the film for money. In less than a week, you'll have all your fundings to bring humanity to Mars.
Glad he signed it. That said, this feels like when President G W Bush wore the fighter jacket on the carrier.
i really like this picture special the wear
Great Job @realDonaldTrump repairing @BarackObama damage to the space program. Keep up the great work #MAGA #Trump

Where can we read the text signed today? :)
I guess I found it https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/442/text …
not sure how to get excited about him cutting all climate change research or actions.
there are plenty of other agencies studying climate.  NASA was never supposed to do so.
Do not fall for their tricks with their cheap gifts they are trying to brown nose you
do you honestly believe anything @realDonaldTrump says? He's a pathological liar, oh, & isn't he cutting your funding?
dude he is only cutting it by 0.8% chill out it's not the end of the world
Teddie the scientist in the foreground. OK, NASA is in good hands.
so Trump cares about space exploration but not about education ?
he only cut the arts program which isn't unusual when a school , state or the country 1/2
...hurrah, hurrah! We need it.
no. trump is a douche and you know it and you do what it tells you. Sad.
I feel physically ill seeing that man next to so many amazing people all the politicians there make me nauseous
Our #JourneyToMars will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. 
might wanna defund #skunkworks
The US is now slated to return to manned space-flight - no more buying taxi rides from Putin
@LamarSmithTX21 @POTUS great add for ur Fuhrer too bad u don't know anything about science
Basically allowing NASA to do some of the same stuff they're already doing but with a lower budget.
lower budget , he only cut their budget by 0.8% chill
Which is tens of millions of dollars..
oh please 0.8% , that will barely crack a dent
You had to be gracious and tweet this but I know what you really think of a president who denies climate change & by extension science
who's denying that the climate changes?
that is currently doing climate research around the world, it is an important research but is overfunded.
Trump is moving climate research from Nasa to focus on deep space colonization, about time. There are so many independant org
I would be shocked if POTUS actually could remember what the NASA acronym stands for...
This is not live on NASATV currently
; perhaps we can explore that empty space between his ears? The Russians might permit a launch from Baikonur #Trumprussia
@cnnbrk @CNN @CNNPolitics @NBCNews @NBCNightlyNews  @nprpolitics @NPR @JohnDePetroshow #makespacegreatagain #NASA
ん
アニメでねん
北斗のけんっいうアニメがあってねおまえはもう死んでるんだって言う
トランプさん
do us all a favour and send him to Trappist-1.
Didn't the @POTUS Federal Budget Proposal(Budget Blueprint) had a 0.8% decrease in budget for NASA? Yay? Golf clap?
So millions cut but then a new bill that adds 19.5 billion. Cry some more snowflake
153M You are a troll so I wont waste too much time on you.I just say read trump's budget blueprint at page 43.
applause applause applause, he managed to sign the same thing that gets signed by every POTUS with NASA, what a good boy
*cough* fuck trump *cough*
Please tell NASA they'll get their budget and don't need to toe the Climate Change hoax line.
can he go with them and stay there forever?

Poor Nasa account having to tweet this tweet.
why do they even bother with that man ._.
That's great...Make great things happen in leaps and bounds, keep up the good work @NASA @POTUS
this idiot thinks climate change is a Chinese hoax. He probably thinks you're all fiction writers...
is that why he is signing the authorization Act
Just no climate research by you or we shut the whole thing down-Donald Duck Dump  #TrumpEnemyofENTIREPlanet
Glad to see that no one actually follows Congress and that this bill Donald is signing is signed every year.  Fuckwits.
can you please take #POTUS on the next space flight and LEAVE HIM OUT THERE please?
disgusting. I know he *has* to be here, but can you please try to minimize his presence on this feed? We who love science hate him
You do not speak for everyone. I love science. I love Trump. Many others do.
Don't tell him you believe in science and climate change. He might change his mind.
The guy with the red tie is under investigation by the FBI.
Get HIS ass to Mars! 
existen los ovnis? O te harás también del desentendido jajaja
Allying yourselves with the worst ever, eh? Good going. See ya on the other side.
allying? Idiotic.
Dude, I think we switched universes again.  .@POTUS actually did something good.
Imagine if that was accompanied by a larger budget and an investment in science/math education for children. @neiltyson
dude he only cut their budget by 0.8% chill oh and for education it was only arts 1/2
I feel like I never saw Obama have anything to do with the space program, hope this is a great 4 years for NASA
You lied... we want an apology
posted just as it was finishing 
fantastic
Fake moon?
that's no moon
send him to pluto
nah thanks
werent you trashing him like a week ago?
ooooo...
