SAME Dem. said Putin advancing to KOREA 
This lady don't know REAL shit!
Get ready for impeachment.
MAXINE WATERS a real "ASSHAT"!  Can you imagine the quality of the people that voted for her?
@TheGreatFeather @TruVoice30 @SenTedCruz @senjudiciary Look I found one of her voters!!!!!!!!
& I found one

Love how you use my tweets to come back at me 
They are too great not to share over and over!  Thank you!
Listen to Big Mouth 
Waters Spill the beans on OBOBO https://youtu.be/d69X20HhEQg 
Says the bunch who elected a creature under FBI investigation as president. Beyond shame
Your words are absolutely meaningless.
Gotsuch will make a great Justice
@jace0630 @senjudiciary He did an amazing job today.
I agree!
It's still Merrick Garland's time to be considered, there will be no #SCOTUSnominee approved for #PutinsPuppet
reminds me of a pig.
We know Gorsuch will follow the Constitution in the same manner as did the late murdered Judge Sacalia.
Murdered by whom? Seems like just being in shithole TX will do it.
wishful thinking doesn't hurt.  but if you want to bet money, please DM me @SenTedCruz
did you know he considers roe settled law? The man cant even stand up for life and constitution! What gives?
“I would just ask everybody this: Can this country afford to have a president under investigation by the FBI?"
where isn't the states do you live Jemima? Am being serious.
he should be. But guys should ashamed that you played politics not considering Obama's nomination
we shouldn't rush into this appointment until there is a full independent investigation into trumps ties with  
A nominee of a man under an FBI counterintelligence investigation? NO!How does losing to a Russian puppet feel?
you helped your party in obstructing everything @Obama including hearings for his rightful pick over a year ago
thank goodness someone needed to stand up for America!
so you're saying standing up for America equals obstructing the president?  How patriotic is that? @gop should respect #US
running Americans lives is wrong. No more overreaching respect the Constitution.
oh you mean like polluting our air & water, cutting after school snack programs & elderly food programs?  Deporting families?
I mean letting States handle what should be state business through elected officials. More accountability better results.
look at #FlintWaterCrisis as prime example of what happens when pollution is treated like state issue.  #notrocketscience #
greed and graft only get worse the higher up you go
Does Gorsuch realize that Roe v. Wade is bad "law," and not an actual law? I remember your convo w. Prof. George.
I'm hoping #Gorsuch was just being "shrewd" to get through the hearings. But that raises concerns re: honesty.
You should be asking Gorsuch questions rather than kissing his ass.  You are there to dig for facts!!!
Senate shouldn't continue with nomination of Gorsuch during FBI’s investigation.Trump's legitimacy is in question.
I have every confidence you will be taken down with the corruption in our Government too.
There should not be any vote until the Russia/Trump investigation is over.  We have an illegitimate president!
@Crash_MacDuff @senjudiciary great informative exchange with judge gorsuch. Law came 2 life for me. Ty glad ur on our side!!
And I have every confidence your constituents will vote you out of office in 2018.
with demographic changes, and this bonkers administration, GOP will one day be a forgotten party.
#fakepresident #treason #ImpeachTrump #traitor it's all coming to a head the trumps work for Russia ! Ur going too
why are you supporting the nominee of a potential Russia puppet?
.@SenTedCruz @senjudiciary tCONS are even bigger idiots than neocons
Nxt.?;CORPORATIONS AREN'TcitizensBECAUSEtheyCAN'Tbe imprisoned;i.e. San Bruno pipeline fire @PGE4Me ,which now has RATE PAYERS PAYINGtheFINE
almost made me cry. This country is starved to bring back our Constitution uphold my Grandfathers rights #gorsuch
Another great legal mind like our Texas Senator Mr. C,and I am not talking about Cornyn.....
one look at your fans on your feed shows the kind of toothless, racist trash that put you in office
is there a bigot that you haven't worshipped?
@FredDugan @senjudiciary
you like the Gorsuch pick! You can thank Trump! You need voted out if you are a traitor to Trump on health care!
We lived with Scalia, this will not be the end. Except for the senators that voted for him.
PLS be aware that photographers r trying to take pics of Judges and his wife's notes!!
I supported Gorsuch up till now, but his agreement on firing of freezing truck driver should end his SC chances!
U said you wanted to keep SCOTUS @ 8. Surely u have not changed your mind. One thing about all politicians. LIARS
@TGowdySC WHY was Scalia's HIGHLY suspicious death, NOT INVESTIGATED.
You are not American. Go back to Calgary.
Yes if you use the "Nuclear" option. It has nothing to do with "qualification". It's Merrick Garland. #StolenSeat
Can you chit-chat about basketball on your own time?
And he will carry the stain of the GOP's unethical actions with regard to Garland throughout his term.
@WanAwooo based on what?
Ted: DO U HAVE CONFIDENCE THAT ACA WILL BE REPEALED/REPLACED? @SpeakerRyan He's just patching ACA. Lying.
You also thought you would be president now. How did that work out?
, didyou and Cornyn call each other to set up snap chat?!?
the trolls are disgusting. Because of them many of us will support you in the reelection 2018.
what is Texas doing about expired visas? These people should be removed permanently.
@peddoc63 cool.  Now work out how to handle the next vacancy so if a sad event happens soon you can all move into place
there will be 5 judges appointed in Trumps 8 years
You should get use to it.
so?  What's your problem with me?  I've no reason to think you don't agree with me
Just stating you GOP have to work out how to deal with the next vacancy, fast
I have every confidence you have not a shred of dignity or compassion for anyone but you, the 1% and the GOP.
 @SenTedCruz 

You da man 
@DreamWeaver61 @senjudiciary not if you need to count on mumbles @SenateMajLdr
https://habibjournalist1974.blogspot.com/2017/03/the-reason-i-have-right-to-stay-alive.html … I have rights to live. i am a activist of Islamic militant.They threat me
let's hope so great choice Dems mad because of no hearing Obama nominee may have to go "nuclear"
Amen Senator. He's an Ace.
I suggest that you reach across the room and slap Senator Graham upside his head. He's making Zero sense
Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland
Sorry. Harry Reid changed the whole game. Shot himself and the Democrat Party in the foot.
Inferior to the one appointed to the court by Obama who also graduated magna cum laude with Gorsuch, remind me again how he's more qualified
go nuclear if you have to. Btw, Comey needs to go.
Garland graduated magna cum laude where Gorsuch graduated cum laude, it would appear that your uniquely qualified candidate is academically-
can we clone him about 8 more times?..but ill take 4 more if it exceeds the cloning limit
Your endorsement means nothing, Garland has been practicing and been in federal service nearly twice as long as Gorsuch, add to that that...
@DennisMJordan @senjudiciary WHEN? WEVE BEEN WAITING. BEEN STALLING N ATTACKING HIS CABINET LONG ENOUGH.WHERES THE ETHICS? 
.  Cruz "aka"as monkey face.  Don't count on it
bet you would not vote fir Hillary's pick if her administration was under FBI investigation. Flexible morals?
she was under FBI Invest.
While Sec. Of state, and she's still getting
Herself in trouble
#fakepresident and if he is I have every confidence we will get u voted out ! 
POTUS is under investigation. With all due respect, how can you confirm anyone right now #CountryOverParty
for what? Made up stuff doesn't count.
Hope you are correct. I distrust all Democrats now.
Sadly, so do I.
I do too. You should recuse yourself, however, because you violated your oath last year w/ Garland.
.@SenTedCruz @senjudiciary you refused to vote on Garland as it was an election year. @realDonaldTrump is under investigation for #treason
@Snowden told us that years ago, no one cared. I'm more concerned with #treason.
I agree. He is holding up under Sen. Feinstein's grilling.
You have mo spine. Who's hand is moving your mouth?
.@SenTedCruz @senjudiciary #IllegitimatePOTUS = #IllegitimateSCOTUS. I have every confidence you will be voted out after this term.
