Shutdown Government unless it is part of budget.
Ted Cruz is a globalist I don't believe anything he says
go to @realDennisLynch watch yesterday's episode of The Truth. Next it could be nuclear coming across!
Build the wall. What is it about ilegal that people so not understand. The word ilegal says it all
.@tedcruz: We have to secure the border. We promised the American people we would and we ought to keep our promise #Tucker @FoxNews
We need to build a giant dome because a lot of people just fly over here.....
then have @realDennisLynch on with his expose on The Truth, what's really going on under our noses!
Lol, a drug lord we helped create. Americans buy drugs from these drug lords. Work to stop that bud and the drug lords will have no money 🖒
Democrats want a weak border.
@sudischuricht @TuckerCarlson @tedcruz @FoxNews Migrant workers are important. Sorry if you do not agree. Reality is just that.
Illegal immigrants receive $100 billion per year in government services. So yes, they are important to Democrats.
@figdent @tedcruz @FoxNews Trump will keep his promise and build that wall! 
1 of 20 enumerated powers of the fed established w/in constitution W/out borders, language, culture we will continue to be nation in decline
The Republicans ,they do not know how to stand up and  fight back for American people who put them in office.The democrats scare  them.
farmer in Arizona says truck loads of drugs coming through daily & right next to BP largest office!


The poor "children" in america^
I have a fence between my neighbors and myself because  if I didn't, they would take over my yard.
Pffffffffffff
The technology to accomplish it is there, besides giving the border patrol a damn green light to do their jobs.
On the money!
Build the wall with solar panels! It will pay for itself eventually...
Sorry guys Ted's party is  the problem.. leadership.... They don't give a damn...
Ted Cruz is the last person who should be using "we" to refer to @POTUS . Still do not trust that dude at all.
Is transferred from US by illegal immigrants charge  them the 10% fee with monies paying for wall. Why does this idea remain ignored?
Do you ever get tired of the stupidity of some of your guests? The guy from Frisco who thinks illegals should have a voice is beyond stupid!
I love it when Tucker laughs at them
He asks a ? Then sits there and lets them make themselves look silly
Last Guest wants to know who will pick the crops? How about the deadbeats milking unemployment! If jobs are available, no unemployment!
It will be a catalyst for American ingenuity to develop machinery to pick the crops, as has happened many times.
Use your voice!

Demand an Independent Prosecutor
#TrumpRussia

Congressional Switchboard
(202) 224-3121

#StayFocused
This is not normal!
you want to convince me to call? post a link to just one shred of REAL evidence of Trump/ Russia collusion...

Yes!! We want and need it secured! It's our safety!!
I like @tedcruz's $$$$ idea, & love this idea you had on your show, @TuckerCarlson -
Let's get serious drug money for wall ok. Better yet 10% fee for all monies sent to Mexico and other CENTRAL AM. NATIONS 19 billion p yr.1/2
We will ...in Trump I trust
create a 500 yard dead zone if u cross with or without drugs supply ammo , food and water we the peole will do the rest. media keep out!
A small minority who voted Trump. Nobody's holding you to it.
I would be willing to donate to the cost of the wall.

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
Its like President Trump is swinging thru a pool of poop and he has to keep swimming it will clear up when the they run out of poop! #stinks
Right on where are the rest of so called elected officials?
We cannot take no for an answer! securing the border is our only hope! #MAGA
Seems Congress is not about to let that happen or anything else that might do anything good. Boo on Congress!!!
And we shld NOT secure boarder then bring in Syrian refugees @IvankaTrump...defeats security purpose.
People who live in Mexico put up walls around their homes to protect their families from criminals. Nobody mentions that!
Mexico has a wall on its southern border
Amen
Poll: Do you support Senator Cruz's bill of using confiscated drug dealers assets to fund building the border wall? 98% YES
Deploy our military snipers until our defenses are operational!
And when Democrats return to power they will break the wall. What will we achieve? Republicans will ensure Trump is a one term president.

Wait a second... so this govt spending bill continues funding to Planned Parenthood but won't fund the border wall?! Not cool, GOP!
Yes and the voters are watch congress!  Patiently waiting for them to do SOMETHING!
Tucker Carlson we can't secure the border by putting up a wall. Find other ways. Think with your small brain. Come up with better ideas.
Remember all you LibDems. Infrastructure is coming and you may want the Republicans to tell you something other than "no" for ur projects
Beyond promise it's sensible. Our houses are built with walls and a door in it, why shouldn't our country????? Heck throw in a few windows..
Thats Right Ted!  Border wall alway needed to be there that why D voted for it years past, now as it Trumps issue,,,OH NO.
Right on demos are mental cases !build a wall ! Secure and protect Americans !demos nade fools out of Americans !
Unsecure secure borders have ruined the middle class workers. Especially in construction
We need that wall!
Cruz 2018. He will try
Agree with Cruz-use confiscated drug money to pay for it. Use labor of illegal aliens to build it.
Loving me some Ted Cruz right about now! 
Having no border wall is akin to having no front door on private property & everybody -all and sundry- is welcome to enter at will.  Crazy!
BUILD THE WALL NOW
If someone can provide a credible Susan Rice update-I'd really appreciate it--please & thank you
We need the wall. We need it to control illegals who get in, hide in sanctuary cities, and use benefits we do not give our own citizens!
You also promised Mexico will pay for it not us, deliver
Where is "everybody else", Senator? Congress simply doesn't have the will 2 secure our borders or enforce our laws.
I liked you when you were a libertarian
Voting for Trump was a lot like voting for Hillary. What wall? What tax reform? What deportation? Keep what Muslims out of the USA?
Trump also promise to ban refugees from muslim countries but they are still pouring in
I SUPPORT THE BILL BY SEN. TED CRUZ TO USE ILLEGAL DRUG MONEY TO BUILD THE WALL!
.@tedcruz: Democrats oppose the border wall because they support illegal immigration #Tucker @FoxNews
PAUL RYAN HAS TO GO! THIS GUY IS A JOKE, A TRAITOR, A DISGRACE! HE HAS NO PLACE NEXT TO PRESIDENT TRUMP'S TEAM!!!
Lyin Ted always keeps his promises. Says so in his little name.
They also promised to drain the Swamp Healthcare reform Transparency Honesty oh less golfing trips but I guess folks have short term memory
Let's get a go fund me going for the wall. Many Americans will chip in. Trump should get donations from his billionaire buddies too
Tell Repubs Laura Ingram Exposed by source Laughing bout Trumps wall being built!Condescending F Paul Ryan
Very impressed with Ted Cruz and his idea for funding the wall - BRILLIANT
@realDonaldTrump  we want that border now!
That would be a first for Congress!
Acronym: Infuse Legal Laws Everywhere by Gains Acquired Legally After Losing Incomes Extracted Nefariously - Capture, Oust, Save Tons @POTUS
Go to Beverly Hills the liberal left has walls. Seems to work there. We need to define our Republic and hinder illegal activities . Build it
@ColumbiaBugle @tedcruz @FoxNews Agreed! GOP better start getting some control & getting stuff done. Tension is growing on rt
America needs some me time.
You lied about a lot of things.
Since when?
I take exception "ought to keep" way, way understated. Wall & promises not kept- bury GOP incumbents 2018 2020. Mad as living hell GOP
The majority was loud and clear.  We want a wall.
Just a distraction by GOP Sen at Large as @GOP AHCA & tax plan about to fuck American's.  El Chapo's billions a myth.  Active measures
@realDonaldTrump 
Sure have advertisements along the wall plenty of space, corps can buy as much as they want say a million a mile! LOL
UNTIL YOUR CHILD IS BRUTALLY MURDERED INSIDE YOUR WOMB - MAKE ROOM FOR UNDERSTANDING THE FEELING OF TERROR
Now that Mexico have all his money they send him to USA
Thats. Why for Mexico it was important to catch him before USA did . To take his money . And let him escape . After they get paid.
Re the El Chapo bill: Include fines from employers violating the E-Verify Program. Damn near paid for already!
@SenTedCruz #BuildTheWall support @POTUS agenda. ##MAGA
Mmm how stupid can you be . When Mexico already have el chapo money . Mexican gov is notorious for taking their money .
#proudtexan
No ought to, U all will keep your promise, period. Signed, Americans who voted for Donald Trump on Nov. 8th, 2016
You also promised health coverage for everyone. How's that going?
Secure is Not the Wall that was promised
Hey I'd throw in some cash for the wall, I would put money that others would as well. #BuildThatWall
Imagine that, politicians that want to do what they say?  We need more like Cruz in Washington & less like McCain and Graham.
Shoot low men, they're crawling thru the desert..
I like Ted Cruz plan. Also there a veteran group selling bricks with your name on them to build the wall.
Also, even though Impeachment is supposed to occur @POTUS should disperse the 9th Judicial Circuit.
Can he really do this? Disperse the 9th Circus court. They've been a problem for 50 yrs. I no longer live in the granola state Calif. Yea!
Wait??? How many biggest probs do we now have?  Border wall? Immigrants? N Korea, ISIS?
Hell yes, BUILD THE WALL!!
We can kill babies even after birth but can't protect our nation what a shame and Democrats have not been listening to American's
I am quite frankly tired of watching the right cave because the left acts like they know best and the right caves every time. KNOCK IT OFF
Thank you #TedCruz  You are a true patriot. I knew you were a stand up guy putting #AmericaFirst God Bless America  #ElChapoAct
Love you @GOP lemmings. All following @POTUS off a cliff. Keep pursuing the wall. It will be your demise.
Yes you did. A big beautiful wall and Mexico will pay for it! MEXICO not the American taxpayer! They don't even sound alike so no confusion
WE WILL KEEP OUR PROMISES THEY'RE VERY HARD TO ACCOMPLISH BUT THEY WILL GET DONE ,  HEALTHCARE,  BORDERS AND MANY MORE. TRUMP IS GREAT.
Yes Ted. Make it happen. Someone in the Republican Congress needs to start making things happen to help PT fulfill American publics wishes
Ted has a great idea how to pay for the wall - don't know how anyone could be against it... #Tucker
Shut up, the both of you!
Yep! We are watching
BUT the people don't want the blankety-blank wall! 25 BILLION dollars to make trump happy? What WE WANT is trump investigated - DO IT!
Never recall agreeing with Ted before.
I believe the Am people know that Pres. Trump will follow through with his promises made to the people that is why we stand behind him.
DT also promised not to remove protection for pre-existing conditions&Trumpcare will be better& cheaper. Haven't seen you addressing that.
Criminals in Mexico don't care about laws or walls.
Back up plan demo San Andreas Fault speed up time and raise the intelligence percentage  of the country. Secede to the Sea
Love the idea for leveraging "Chapo" $$ to build the WALL and keep America & its citizens safe. Thanks @tedcruz for your support to MAGA! 
Not all promises should be kept!
We voted for that wall when we voted for Trump. Dems might not want a border wall, but the rest of us damn sure do. Build that wall!
Shut up
Have faith! Its #6 list on the list after tax reform, HC reform, and other issues.  It will get done!
Who's paying for it?! #lyinted
#AmericaFirst
I'd like to dedicate the #StarSpangledBanner to all of the #USA and to all of our #Troops who fight for our Freedom . #GodBlessAmerica #MAGA 
Ur the only1 at Fox that has finally stated the idea of CivilWar.Oreilly might have suggested it.I've Stated,Only CivilWar will stopr dnFall
I never thought we would have much opposition to securing the border. Was I wrong.

GOOD JOB TONIGHT TUCKER!
I for one hope that he will not sign a budget with out funds for the wall.
We don't need a massive wall everywhere.  Build a combo of walls, fences, sensors to deny terrain and channel movement.
North Carolina rep the democrats dumped illegals and refugees in his state to change demographics
I hate how much I'm starting to like Ted Cruz.
Without security transport ?
That's a Texas approved agenda! Thanks @tedcruz
Walk around the neighborhood , for Christ sake I work and walk the streets in Harlem , the hospital administrator wouldn't let me leave
Correction, you promised a minority of Americans this. Most people do not support Trump.
Bullshit
Must lower taxes or US is done financially. 40% Corp/rich tax, 30% capital gain and huge property taxes equal no hiring of good jobs.
She lives in a gated community ,,went for job interview at hospital , got the job declined it after hearing it was unsafe for a women to
Americans need to put pressure on the evil corrupt DemoCraps who are just causing obstruction
That Hispanic guy was ridiculous.
@realDonaldTrump 
I'M WILLING 2 PAY MORE (NOT TAXES) BUT A #BuildTheWall FUND IF $$$ DEF GOES TO #MAGA WE ALL NEED A SAFER BORDER!!! #POTUS
Ted Cruz sounds like a real straight-shooter!
We will.  We will build the wall.  I want the wall. I want lower taxes first if we have to play the game.  We must kept taxes or we are done
You promised totake care of the coal miners. You lied to them! We don't NEED A FREAKING EGO WALL. Better use of $$$
Hurd worked in Afganistan , Pakistan , he doesn't realized terrorist work with the Mexican cartels , my sister lives in San Antonio
I want my wall.
EVERY LAND IN THIS WORLD WAS FOUGHT FOR & WON BY SOMEONE. AMERICA WAS FOUGHT FOR AND WON & SANCTIFIED BY BRAVE AMERICANS!!!
The Idiot Illegal bragging about marching 4rights Illegal border crossing!Countries JailEm
McCain a disgrace his state his a hub for illegals and main distribution center for drugs and his state saw 116% increase
but protecting the border and enforcing immigrations laws is racist, didn't you know?
Your Congress guy REFUSED to answr everything.WHY don't they investigate the $145 mil fr Russia that went into Cl fdn after sale of Mines
Who cares about any border when the Commander in Chief is pushing a thermonuclear global annihilation?
Never got why Hurd , McCain, the one in North Carolina , the one on tucker show crying about border wall
Trump's Tax reforms with benefit Insurance companies with exemptions and he is covering for Flynn-release the documents on Flynn,
@SenTedCruz is awesome @realDonaldTrump Brilliant ELCHAPO acronym measure “Ensuring Lawful Collection of Hidden Assets to Provide Order act"
I so agree!  That illegal that felt he and other ILLEGALS have ANY rights here are delusional. We need some SANITY here, and quickly.
I love his idea! ♡♡♡♡♡ great idea @tedcruz @SenTedCruz
Your guest says the imm. system breaks up families here. How bout that illegal imm. leave their kids and families behind in their country.
#Tuck you rock #badass Refreshing to actually get to hear the guest finish a thgt. You let #libtards prove their affliction #loveit
Love Senator Cruz's idea to have the drug lords pay for the Wall out of the $ we seize. Per his stats, just one has enough $ to pay it all.
El Chapo's assets should be seized and used to build the wall and a small cell with a window so he can see the wall
Liberalism is a horrible disease causing people to stop using their brain , common sense is missing their daily routine they are pathetic
Why start now?
#ThanksTed Put up as much legislation as you possibly can while @GOP has the majority! #ElChapoAct #Tucker #TuckerCarlsonTonight
#BUILDTHEWALL
Senator Cruz's idea is great use seized criminal funding to pay for a border wall  genius idea finally some logic in the Senate
I'M SO TIRED OF HEARING THE USA IS THE INDIANS!! THE USA BELONGS TO THE BRAVE THAT FOUGHT & DIED FOR THIS GREAT LAND & IT MUST BE PROTECTED!
Great idea but leave Cala forn I A to fend for themselves. Be the magnet for illegals.let them be their own country and get no disaster aide
@tedcruz  's idea of having El Chapo pay for The Wall is pure genius!  Well done Ted!
Why didn't you ask him if he got the idea from @IngrahamAngle ?
High fences make good neighbors!
@TuckerCarlson Pls raise the issue on elimin. the senate legislative filibuster? If the repubs don't do it, the dems will later.
