can we repeal their healthcare too? Fairs fair.
Did you care when Pelosi & fellow dems continued their great benefits while destroying ours? Hypocrites! WISE UP
cindy4god and pussy grabbers, casino owners, serial adulterers, anything I left out?
LOL about casino owners, you're a liberal who supports pedophiles & people who kill women & gays, etc. Wise up! 
I support all sorts of sinners, but I'm not a hypocrite like you.
Your comment makes no sense.
Obviously ur clueless about Christianity & people. EVERYONE is a sinner, only Jesus Christ was without sin. Grow up.
@GOP WE DEMAND YOU LEAVE ACA ALONE!
You obviously have no clue what the MAJORITY of the country wants! Obamacare is a HUGE FAILURE! We want it GONE!
Oh bless your heart, you think you have a clue about anything &that I give a rat's ass about what you think.
Aww,  evidently you DO care about what I think because you're insisting on responding to Jered. Poor confused one
we the people voted for 7 yrs for full repeal,  we demand full repeal
yes! Full repeal!! Our ins.(just for hubby & me) went from $900.00/mo, $1200, $1600 and now starting Jan. is $2200/m
coverage for pres. meds went down(instead of being $74/ mo, my meds r now $330/mo!  We can't pay this!!!RIDICULOUS!!!
CHANGE COMPANIES
we tried!!!  There's NOTHING we can do! I have pre-existing cond. & it's not that easy. ACA needs to GO!!
I wonder Lying Ted will give Americans the insurance we give him ? Lying Ted don't care about the average American?
Lion Ted has Obummercare just like the rest of us.
He's covered as a Fed. Employee under the FEHB if he chooses option-he chose NOT to be & was on wife's policy.
he has never had a Cadillac federal plan!
All congressman are Federal Employees and have a choice to be covered by your so called Cadillac plan.
CHOICE!!! Cruz never took that choice!
Ok enough trying to be civil-yes he did!!! Try reading a full f'ing tweet. Or read:
I think YOU need to re-read. Never took a Cadillac ACA plan. Never took the government subsidy!
@Eccentrie damn well better!
repeal & replace with competition for the market share as the underpinning of legislation
as long as they repeal the whole damn thing
@MyBrianLeyh Yah, because people can't afford the premiums and end up with no insurance. Are you indifferent to that?
They have had 7 years to think of a new plan. Now they have the chance to move, GOP health care is dead in the water.
.@thehill Why can't we take U.S. Senators' health insurance away? How would they like that?
People demand full repeal of GOP senators.
ppl like u? Free loaders?? I'm sure you will ask for it, but ... u have to work now like the rest .. good luck!
So sorry to burst your bubble....I have a Master's degree and am gainfully employed. Get a clue.
if we lose our insurance so should they
@tedcruz Hold the rope on this.  Do not cave.
why do people with no insurance have to pay a fine. Get rid of all fines in the replacement
Fix it, don't get rid d of it.  Too many people depend on it!
Wonder how much $$ these scumbags are getting from the insurance companies. Can you spell LOBBYISTS? 
Dude insurance company's wrote Obamacare! 
Dude, insurance Co.'s will write ACA's replacement and any other that follows. Hope you don't have a pre-existing condition then
But it's "unbelievably complex". His puppet master says so.
the "messiah" Obama screw up sooo much & so many ppl can't afford it anymore that is a complete mess hard to fix ..
...said "Zion Sunshine". Okaaaaay...
.@thehill @tedcruz please don't take away healthcare from millions of people who won't be able to afford it!
what about the millions who LOST health care because of obummercare?
@eph4_15 @thehill welfare for the rich no problem, government best contracts that's how the rich get rich, privatization #
Ted Cruz is gone in 2018. He won by the thinnest of margins in an off year mid term. Even the Republicans hate him.
You're clueless! He's extremely popular bcuz he does what he says,, has  true moral values & principles & loves 
ONLY  if there is a Full Replacement immediately upon repealing!!
I am paying for medical care, that I can not receive myself, as retired law enfor. Congress must get this repealed
will all plans still cover pre existing conditions?
they better!
go Ted!
Wohoo! #GOP senators are picking up thetab
Wish it would happen Ted. But I fear conservatives don't have the votes, and Trump doesn't have the conviction to fight for it.
you don't need full repeal.  Replace the ones that are bad one by one with an amendment.
give Americans the same health care that the senators and congress get.  We pay for them! Why should we accept any less?
full repeal. We already see the failures of govt health care with Medicare and Medicaid  and the VA. Out of my health care.
Hey it was good enough for #Cruz when he was running for Prez - Now he has healthcare paid for by us #hypocrisy
you're crazy.  But, what do you care. You get health care for life.remove the self contributions part. free to all Americans.
It has to go.  Get out of the health business
@tedcruz #repealandreplacetedcruz2018
@tedcruz way to go Ted
Trump is wrong. When Obamacare collapses, & there's nothing to replace it, the GOP will take the blame.
Repeal Obamacare! Healthcare premiums and deductibles have gone through the roof
@SenTedCruz #TrumpCare  can not be Obamacare. It must be better and different. Medicare part A for all. Block grant Medicaid! Cuts
now is not the time to be cowards! Support full repeal!
I disagree.Need to keep consumer protection provisions for ALL & have a place for those who cannot afford to be insured
@tedcruz keep ACA in place let it fail on its own which it will. That's the right political move. Left will beg for replacement
I demand you will give up your taxpayer funded Healthcare
so many pathetic leftist comments. Where was your outrage when Dem congress went around a Republican rider so ACA applied to them?
support the convention of states.
#repealandERASE
@SenTedCruz 
@SenTedCruz-It's not wise to "throw out the baby with the bath water."
WHAT ARE YOU REPLACING IT WITH!!!
@SenTedCruz-Politicians shouldn't make decisions about a crucial/complicated issue until they've studied it carefully & objectively
at GOP senators - and replace with what?
constituents don't though. Stop pontificating Ted, give us a viable plan 1st, and give us a #TownHall
@SenTedCruz Once upon a time (before Obama) there used to be things called Insurance Companies and open markets....What happened?
@SenTedCruz NO NO NO    2018 is coming, si
@SenTedCruz stop screwing around and get it done!
Im not an Obama Fan but Props to Obama for National Healthcare, repeal, replace, fix who cares.  Need a national system that works.
@SenTedCruz 2533 days.  YOU HAVE HAD 2533 DAYS since ACA signed to prepare for control of all 3, and THIS IS THE BEST U CAN DO?
@SenTedCruz Please hold a #TownHall to better gauge the healthcare needs of your constituents instead of playing party politics.
Why are you so happy to end healthcare for 30 million Americans? When and where is your next town hall?
@thehill #ACA
As they should.
@tedcruz I don't not care what GOP Senators demand! UR constituents DEMAND, town halls, investigations, and Tax records of @POTUS!
.@thehill .@tedcruz His peers have Senator NaySay Teddy' number. Ignore him! Teddy hasn't a clue how to work with anyone. this goes nowhere.
millions of ppl are paying for the other millions to be free loaders. Make them pay for it on their own. Enough free handouts!
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @McConnellPress @SpeakerRyan
U DID IT ONCE - DO IT AGAIN!
@SenTedCruz
@tedcruz 
Yes you want to go back to letting the insurance companies be only ones benefitting from our broken system??!!
Put members of Congress under Obamacare and see how quickly it gets fixed.  This our fault for not demanding Congress be covered.
@tedcruz Planned Parenthood should be defunded and the money put toward VA healthcare. Total repeal of ACA is needed!#FullRepeal
@SpringSteps @thehill @tedcruz Better yet, let's just not spend the money, period.
people who want a full repeal without good replacement. Promise to never use government programs which you are seriously ill.
Don't demand, provide a solution.
@tedcruz Ted one day you will look back and think... man I should have played the long game after all. You were young enough.
@tedcruz we Demand Repeal of TedCruz entitledEntrenched! Beat it terribleTedP.O.S.
@tedcruz get to work!  Invite Ryan/peloci. Schumer and Mcconnell. Shake hands roll up your sleeves and be elected officials!
do it! take the political hit and do it!!!
@SenTedCruz no limit to waste of time&money 2 destroy 1 legacy 2 try and build yours #megalomaniac
then we demand @SenateGOP  give up their seats and taxpayer funded insurance.
@tedcruz Ted Cruz has healthcare we pay for.. repeal that too.
No.
perhaps we should repeal health insurance for senate and house members
I'd like to demand full repeal & replace of Ted Cruz, Mitch McConnell, Paul Ryan, Rand Paul, Marco Rubio, & Louie Gohmert to start.
you work for us!
Globalist @SenTedCruz
@tedcruz If the whole things is not repealed, it will implode. It is unsustainable and everyone know it.
Repeal the healthcare plans open to Members of Congress --- and cut any subsidies made from our tax dollars to these folks.
Add citizens to Congress' #SinglePayer system
repeal health care for all federal employees.
your pic of cruz is misleading. HE WOULD get rid of the aca. But the republicRATS like it and WONT get rid of it
oh really, then let them send the bill to trump they sent up to obama some 50+ times!
NONE of u will b re-elected if that happens...It is ACA that has enabled Medicaid to b solvent.  Pull apart that--you are SCREWED
@tedcruz No repeal without replace Cruz.
good luck with that.
"Tax credits ranging from $2,000 to $4,000" ain't gonna cut it! No one can purchase descent insurance for $333 a month! 
