congrats to Sen Sessions
VOMITING
enjoy the next 4 to 8 years. Looks like you will be sick a lot
I won't be alone. All of America lost today, and every day since Bannon won the presidential election
you need to get your calculator fixed
you need to stop listening to alternative facts. The 3 million+ who protested were just the beginning.
you will show me by burning down your own neighborhood s
ZERO arrests made at the most peaceful protest in history.
Rule of law for all! No one is above the law, politically, city/state The people have been waiting for justice!
If no one is above the law, then why is tRump allowed to break constitutional law on day one?
Which one was that? I know I took my vitamins today and have been following what Trumps doing so?
The same law that required President Carter to sell his farm before taking office.
Pretty sure George Washington Kept his working farm as well. He was one of the wealthiest Pres.
to subvert, obstruct and to fundamentally change our governmental system (treasonous)? maybe
you are completely  dilusional
you look forward to working with a racist?
I look forward to working to oust you in #2018

Dear @tedcruz @SenTedCruz:
 it! @TheDemocrats are NOT the party of the KKK. The KKK supports your @GOP candidate. It's that simple. 
Jeff Sessions is a good man. Thank you Ted Cruz for help standing up against false and disgraceful attacks.
Liberals aren't the party of the kkk. We are the party that fiercely opposes you and your fake love of the Jesus.
If by "integrity" you mean good ol' fashioned southern racism, sure. U lost all integrity when you groveled to Don
I keep looking 4 a principled Republican bcs I have known a few. U are NOT that & ur Sessions vote proves it.
tell us, why nobody believes in LYING TED.  Except DAVID DUKE. Your brother from another mother
Ted Cruz, what do you know about integrity? Go back and keep on kneeling to the man that insulted your wife.
Is that because Sessions is supported by the modern KKK? The same KKK that supports Donald in 2017, Senator?
I look forward to joining w Texans to oppose your re-election in 2018. Spineless v Trump & vote party over country. #Defeat8in18
Nothing says GOP like silencing MLK's widow to hide the words & deeds of an old white racist..during #BlackHistoryMonth
No real leaders in Congress just a bunch of yes men. Giving Trump everything he wants. No accountability anywhere.
said the white man about the racist
I respected you when you stood against @realDonaldTrump but now... @jeffsessions #GOPretreat
Jeff Sessions is a total racist & I'll  work with others to assure the Texas blacks & hispanics know your support
Senator Cruz, you are an inspiration and a class act! Thank you for your integrity, selflessness, and loyalty.
No, Senator Cruz. It is a sad day for our country and marginalized people in our nation. You do not speak for us.
Lock her up!
So where's new TrumpCare plan Teddy? U've spent years condemning ACA; surely U have a replacement? U aren't just hot air, R U?
Congrats! 
You are not representing  your constituents. Nov 2018 will tell the tale. NEW SENATOR IN TEXAS.
kick some criminal butt guys!
we can hope for the best
Did you just write integrity and @jeffsessions in the same sentence?
Dems the party of the KKK? U have Steve Bannon in charge in WH. Disgusting! Ur party has lost all credibility.
tell us LYING TED, how's it feel to suooort a potus that said YOUR father helped murder Kennedy.
of course you do.  You support a racist bigot anti American values kind of guy.   We know.
did you look your wife in the eye when you wrote the word "integrity"?

Dear @tedcruz @SenTedCruz:
 it! @TheDemocrats are NOT the party of the KKK. The KKK supports your @GOP candidate. It's that simple. 
How much does an original Ted Cruz soul go for these days?
.@SenTedCruz @jeffsessions not for long. Texas will remember today when it's your turn for reelection.
it will be a matter of time until Cruz is unemployed
I hope he has the integrity to stand up to #45.
Where is your statement on 9th? Are you helping to purge DOJ attnys who burrowed in?
what does TED Cruz know about integrity?  Trump trounces his wife and doesn't defend her
TRUTH
Sessions is a racist...you need to work on your own integrity
Let's not forget you sold yourself to the service of a man you hate, because you love power. #theresistance
I look forward to you doing your job by making sure to #AnswerThePhone and listen to #YourTXConstituent. #Resist

Dear @tedcruz @SenTedCruz:
 it! @TheDemocrats are NOT the party of the KKK. The KKK supports your @GOP candidate. It's that simple. 
It's a BIG swamp to drain and he is just the right man for the job. Pull the plug Jeff!
Integrity...hahahahaha... #ByeByeCruz2018
Sad day
let the Ku Ku Klan party begin!!!!
Pick up a history book, Ted...before you start calling Dem's the "party of the KKK." You embarrassed yourself.
Sessions/Cooper work tirelessly on lifelong voter suppress Dixiecrat wet dream. Cruz: immigrant on immigrant crime
Speaking of foaming at the mouth. Two snakes in a pit! You should both resign.
Thanks for your willingness to speak plain truth, fight on Ted.
I hope the Clintons are a little scared this morning 
Loved the farm joke smell in comparison to DC. Great job debating socialist sanders. We love you here in OK.
Senator? Ever notice these liberals are all failed liberal art majors? Us Republicans call them "Unemployed"
KKK Loves You
"I look forward to work w/Sessions & Cooper defend Strom's legacy." No wonder "most hated," Graham retract apology
David duke looks forward to you working with him as well #kkkbedfellows
be careful...you just don't seem white enough to be invited anywhere by Session, Trump, Bannon.
What integrity was missing before Ted?  Politics aside, you should really stop undermining our own governmental offices.
you would Swamp man
the claim that Dems = party of KKK, doesn't improve your image. KKK publicly  endorsed  & gave funds to Trump.
while it is correct historically, it's not true today.
Awesome!  
FYI the supremacists left the DNC and were welcomed by the GOP. Nice cherry picking of history there.
looking forward to a white supremacist AG. #facepalm #TrumpsAmerika
So happy about this! Thanks for all your hard work.
@councilmanpace @jeffsessions @Tommy8668 Cruz U need 2 step up & STOP TRUMP.  .listen 2 your constituents
you are called a #racist because you are a #racist oh and a #bigot - oh and a toilet

there's no integrity there. Come on Ted!!!
of coarse you do. Discrimination and religious dominance go well together sir. Hypocrisy runs deep
the Democrats aren't the party of the KKK as u claimed on Fox. Ur just trying to justify ur vote 4 Sessions.
how do you plan to work with him? --Texas 77018
you're DONE in 2018! Pack your bags because TX is finished with your traitorous ways!
@85thLegislature @jeffsessions Right

Dear @tedcruz @SenTedCruz:
 it! @TheDemocrats are NOT the party of the KKK. The KKK supports your @GOP candidate. It's that simple. 

Hillary's nephew is a hate spewing Klan member. Her mentor was a former Klansman. & she was caught accepting donations from the Ku Klux Klan 
Says a guy with zero integrity.
Saw healthcare debate and U totally dodged any answer of GOP ACA replacement. No alternate plan, just taking away
U have no F-ing morals. Dems r party of KKK? When u helped elect nations biggest bigot ever! Making Ur kids proud
Quit playing politics!  Do SOMETHING to alleviate the problems of Houston's homeless!!
You say the Dems are KKK party, but YOU voted in a racist & the KKK supported Trump's campaign w/o denouncement 
You both have no integrity and absolutely no morals. Here this. We will recall you. Get ready
Two great men in the correct positions.
What happened to your vow to fight for our rights?! @jeffsessions is a disaster for The Americans you've vowed to protect. SHAME
congrats!! Let's get down to business and #lockherup
I noticed dt eliminated the Civil Rights Division of the DOJ What do you have planned? Are you going to reinstate?
How much did you get paid to say that. #CorruptCongress

The Doublespeak is strong tonight, Zodiac. When do you and Jeff pop on the hoods? Swing by Ryan's place!
@TexasGOP @jeffsessions so noted. When you run in 2018 this will be brought out. Thank you for putting it in writing for us.
If the democrats are the party of the KKK, can you explain why the KKK endorsed Donald Trump and vote Republican?
hello sen how can you support Jeff sessions who is proved to be a bigot
I think @DrDavidDuke could lend a hand... he seems to agree.
Your ignorant post on dems & racism shows your lying side. Over 200 dems b/c repubs when dems pushed civil rights.
Now he needs to charge and convict HRC for the crimes and the laws she broke.  We r a country of laws. Please.

The DOJ already has integrity. Sessions is a rotting piece of history that needs to be thrown out.
Yes, we are all sure you are looking forward to working with another racist.
@Headerop1 @jeffsessions Why did you support this President who mocked your wife?
smaller dick than trump. Or everybody needs a friend. Or a crazy fruitcake. Or trump was right.
Goodbye ethics & integrity.

I look fwd to supporting the dem movement against you. Hope you enjoyed it while it lasted #midterms2018 #boybye
Restores integrity?  Really?!?  The GOP talking about integrity?
You're either stupid or a liar. Reps were liberals of the day. Dems were the conservatives, and started the KKK
I'm looking forward to voting you out at this point. Wonder who will run against you, I'm ready to donate unless...
Ted by the looks of this feed, you need to look into the mental health system.
give them hell boys!!! Give them hell!!!
What integrity? You wouldn't understand that word if it bit you in the a**!
Integrity?  Is that what they call racism and non-secularism nowadays?  Country or party (or self), Senator?
We'll see ...
Better work fast your days are number. #TurningTexasBlue
Obamas corrupt people need to go as well as Laws pertaining to them need enforce
@jstines3 @jeffsessions i come from a long line of patriots, thank you  Mr. Cruz
& I look forward to working with the majority of US citizens to ensure you and your GOP comrades are remembered as racist goons
Wrong.  We don't trust you.
I guess you're just another of the presidents* lap dogs, waiting for some scraps.
integrity?? You recognize the word?  Show it!
Thank you Senator Cruz!
He is a racist and ignorant, like you.
great job last night.
