@SenTedCruz Wrong yet again.
If the job to too rough for you, Teddie, you can Self Term limit and resign today. It will be better for everyone.
It must tough having a IQ of 15.
I wouldn't know, Dave. You'll have to ask Teddie about that.
I know Ted Cruz. He has more understanding of our way of governing that you could ever know.
Oh. You are soooo lucky to know Teddie. Tell him I said he can go fuck himself next time you see him. Thanks!
Again another LPD "liberal progressive democrat" that has nothing in truth to say so he retorts with vulgar.
Obama has turn all these departments into untrustworthy .must be disbanded and rebuilt with a group the American ppl can trust
They weren't "silent" The demorats were participating in  politicizing process Some RINO ' s aided and abetted
Technically they were not silent. Most heartily approved of it whenever the topic arose.
Can CAIR also be included with the Cruz bill to declare Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization?
Well said!! Truly disgraceful!!
Ted Cruz G-D Bless You Sir!!!
Trust me, he is only doing his job... and THAT is why he should have been the republican nominee.
Cruz is correct so often I wonder how he can stand being in Washington.
@tedcruz
and the Media who was deaf, dumb and blind while Obama "Justice Department" became #Dem Party Weapon
 #tcot #pjnet #trump #MAGA
....Well, the flip side of that is, I didn't hear you screaming bloody murder either! Or anyone else. What's up?
Fantastic!  Go Cruz. Take them down with their own history of behavior.
Cruz is right! Democrats are full of double standards for them vs others in Gov't. They're hprocrites, liars and crooks
everybody is a hypocrite! EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT! Republicans aren't so squeaky clean either!!
Rip em apart Ted....#MadDogCruz
Nicely said!!
good point
100% correct.
@tedcruz  well done!
@mglessman Thank you @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump I saw @SenatorSessions  questioning today, you can be proud!
@Mic7531 oh Ted, are you still surprised?! I'm not
@SenTedCruz- Senator Cruz, you did a magnificent job reminding the democrats of their hypocrisy!  Thank you!!
**DEMRAT LIKE GANGS--OUT TO SCREW THE PUBLIC AT EVERY TURN**
NOT JUST THE JUSTICE DPT...CIA OR INTEL COMMUNITY...ETC.
@tedcruz @tedThanks for pointing out that fact. Rules work both ways. Don't want pay back, want fairness and truth.
Tillerson and Sessions are right for this country.
..stay on their hind ends!
thank you Ted Cruz
@tedcruz like you were silent until the orange man slipped in....brown noser!!!!! 
Talk about trader!! Flip, drop, flop, smack!!
@tedcruz excellent bitch slapping...finally we have representation with "cohonies".  President Trump. 10 more days!!!
@tedcruz @transition2017 Let's see how YOU speak out when the POTUS of YOUR party & his appointees abuse their power, Senator.
@tedcruz outstanding job today!!!
This was probably the best piece of speaking I have ever heard concerning the meaning of Drain The Swamp!!!!!!!!!
I am so proud of Cruz!  #MAGA!
It is a fact that the MSM did not choose to cover
@tedcruz where has everyone been,Cruz always pointed out the illegal acts,go to YouTube listen the last 8yrs,on F&F,Iran,ACA,etc
@SenTedCruz was silent when the Senate politicized the deaths at the embassy in Benghazi.
Accuses???? @tedcruz didn't accuse them. He stated the facts. Just the facts.
@peaceandjoy101 They were!
Cruz is a gutless wonder.
@Linnlondon1 for once I agree and thought he did great today
@debgagahiggan
@1VoiceMatters Because it's true!
Thank you, Ted Cruz!  EXPOSE these Libtards!
@KIR_bigg50 democrats should realize we the people are watching this closely we the people will get down in 2 years
@paulmeyer745 accuses? No he pointed out the "fact" the they were accomplices... I mean silent.
The Obama Legacy Is A National Disgrace...
It's not an accusation he is stating facts.
Wasn't an accusation...It was an indictment on the Democrats' Disgraceful Tenure 

Proud to see @SenTedCruz stand & speak Truth
Well, Cruz and Sessions are KKKin aren't they?
They weren't silent about it, they were proud of it.
@LorenzoCastane3 Now he speaks and is affable.
@tedcruz U hit the vagus.Masterful rendition.i am impelled into action just sitting on my couch.a case study in public speaking
@tedcruz Sen Cruz just plainly and elegantly stated fact after fact and made no accusations
@tedcruz no correction he never accused them.   He simply stated the brutal facts.  Accusing means that it's in question
he'll kiss anyone's ass for people to stop making fun of him for being a spineless worm.
that's a fact! Research it instead of listening to the media !
@tedcruz great job backing up Sessions
@tedcruz Not really an accusation, merely an observation
@OmegaMan58 It as become very apparent that THEY are only about THEMSELVES and filling THEIR pockets ? OUR LAWS DO NOT MATTER
@tedcruz Check his record with minorities and the statements he has made against my people. Go back to Canada Cruz not welcome
@tedcruz Obama knew no bounds and observed no rules. He did not care about the law.
Great job Cruz:)
Oh, puhleeeeeze!
It was beautiful, thank you for fighting for America.
@tedcruz Well, that’s because it isn’t true
I'm no Ted Cruz fan, but in this case he is 100% correct.
@SenTedCruz keep up the good work
@tedcruz you did an excellent job not being silent today, outstanding! God Bless
don't leave out the IRS
he's right
Ted Cruz does have "big uns"He prob knows more bout our Constitution than anyone up there. He would make a great Supr Ct Justice
You are on the wrong side of justice here Cruz.
comparing picking someone to stand for equality, as opposed to someone who opposes it, hardly a valid comparison.
@tedcruz HE IS RIGHT, on every point!
