I actually like the term "bigly".
It's actually "big league", but I understand the mistake. Funny anyhow.
I think I watched it 2 dozen times. Gorsuch is just adorable on the clip.
I second that. Was never a fan of Ben Sasse until this hearing. I have appreciation for him now.
so do I but others I would have liked seeing thrown off a building.
Understatement!
@ChuckNellis you people are not the only carriers of the Constitution, just the current political winners. It wont last forever
@All4Trump4All I want to know what the bet was. at least he cought his error & corrected it. 
But he was one bright shade of red
@PeriwinkleDsgns Love For such. And wd like to see Cruz as a justice too.
No idea why my phone changes *Gorsuch* to For such every time I mention him in Tweet.
Weird. Mine doesn't
I have Droid. Hate it.
OMG. Burn.
love the sense of humour!
@ChuckNellis Cruz makes simple semantic points and you say hes a genius...how the mighty have fallen.  Blessings
I can't wait to vote you out!#Indivisible
I love this guy . . . Bigly. Confirm him!
#neil gorsuch vomgitm him.
Well I believe POTUS and supreme court judge nominee officially makes BIGLY a word. Write it in webster.

@KazmierskiR I love Judge Gorsuch!!  #GorsuchHearing
.@SenTedCruz
very funny. 
Ben Sasse rocks.
@goofster59 ~ 
That's funny. Much needed these days.
@Texan2A HUGE
Judge Gorsuch was not wrong.
We need a new term that's opposite of "Borked." The Senate Democrats are getting "Gorsuched."He's unflappable and charming. #GorsuchHearing

very good guy! Liberals cannot stand him
That was bigly!
not sure if saying "bigly " is a good thing...
Ha! Ted Cruz using Trump catch phrase. That's pretty funny. Especially since I love both of them.
Funny stuff.
@BlissTabitha I love this Judge.
@Kimber4Trump That term will forever be in our lexicon.  Gorsuch will be confirmed - bigly!
great!
@OutrageDenied Watched that exchange...it was hilarious!!!
A "huge" moment.
@jstines3 Great to hear the laughter of such a First-Class guy, a great SCOTUS Judge (bigley, mistake is funny, harmless, OK)
live the moments of humor!
he dodges answers kind of likr 45
Except that it's "Big League" Senator! 
It's 'Big League'. Yes, John Hancock did sign it BIG LEAGUE!
I predict: "Bigly" will be listed in next year's Webster's Dictionary.
The Declaration acknowleged the right and ability of the individual to self govern and the role of govt formed by individuals.
#trumpeffect
@SoniaPennell  Love this!
His qualifications do NOT excuse ur oath breaking. The Constitution means less to u than politics. Not very John Hancock of you!
Funniest line so far. The judge has a great sense of humor.
@JoeStrummerFan
thank you for that :)))
Bigly 
That was hysterical

POLL: Should Trump And His Administration Be Charged With Treason? Vote now  http://www.pollshare.com/poll/3803?vote_source=twit_share …
The impeach group would be shouting crucify crucify
The courage of the Founders & the consequences of their Declaration mean nothing if we don't boldly carry it ourselves, today.
 Got to love Gorsuch!
Quintessential American!
that is hilarious
I love when smart people adopt Trumpisms . They stick
Lol! Yes, PRICELESS! Lmao! Great sense of humor and a very smart constitutionalist. Kudos to Trump on that pic, bigly!
Bigley!!love it
Good fun!
Well he's got jokes. Still, his name isn't Merrick Garland, do you're wrong for pushing this guy. You're wrong, Ted.
False. Senate is not required to consent to or vote on any nomination. They gambled and they won. Cry about it.
comic relief was spectacular. Love Sasse here.
A real thigh-slapper. Is it appropriate to make fun of the ramblings of a senile president who doesn't know good words? Sad!
^look an echoes acting like an ass. Imagine my shock!
Awesome!
#JudgeGorsuch is a very articulate jurist, amazing intelligence & wisdom from the bench. #ConfirmGorsuch
like you, Gorsuch is an incompetent, unqualified, bought and paid for stooge. He has no judgement. He's a crook.
Before this is all over 'bigly' will be in the Oxford Dictionary
It's "big league". But I understand how one would be confused, considering our #FakePresident tends to struggle with spelling and grammar.

AMAZING
