hey! I happen to be in the employment industry. Let's have a town hall and discuss it. Would love to hear u
He is so transparent I guess the oil companies are buying him now. Solar is everywhere, CHEAP and CLEAN and it works!
nice...But there are more important matters of state to deal with.
big energy business and the short termers who work em own you TED.  But the people will speak soon. @CastroSenate
"I am not in the habit of supporting people who attack my wife and attack my father." What's that about backbones?
Pee with LGBT
We also need to pivot so that we can continue a strong economy without hurting the environment #noplanetnojobs
If you really cared you'd help us transition to alternative energy industry. All you care about is making money off of us.
PLEASE Write & pass a bill Must Move On IRS Reform
You have times for photo ops but not to meet with your constituents. When are going to get a town hall?
at the expense of our environment. We deserve clean water and clean air.
how much does it cost taxpayers as the trucks for the industry tear up roads relative to taxes&fees paid by co's?
is the industry paying a fair tax relative to the off-balance-sheet costs taxpayers pick up?
how about a townhall meeting or r you scared to hear what your constituents have to say ! It is ok, you will not b re elected
Ted, seen a lot of tweets from late.  Just curious, are you having any Town Hall meetings this week????
him but you did! Nice job standing up for your wife & father. Your word is who you are.
speaking of backbones, how about a bipartisan investigation into Trumps ties to Russia?
All while destroying the planet for the rest of us! Educate yourself! Oops..forgot YOU work for the Koch Bros. No conscious.
support alternative energy! NO DAPL!!! Water is life!!
many would love to hear firsthand at a town hall. I'll gladly show ID & voter registration so you know I'm a legit constituent.
scotter walker

jeb bush
yes, renewable energy creates long lasting and high paying jobs! Glad we agree!! Oh wait that's not what ur talking about 
.@SenTedCruz The people of Texas (your constituents) are our state's backbone. Are you listening to us or preaching to us? #youwork4us #2018
wow TED...We pay you to represent the people.  The vast majority of your constituents in cities are democrat.  Tis why u hiding
Energy exploration? Don't you mean oil and gas? You ignore any other type of energy. Why not a solar, wind or hydraulic farm?
Rex Tillerson
wolfblitzer

etc.
Mike lee
Ted Cruz

john Mccain
macro rubio
pat toomey
roger wicker
jimmy Fallon

Tom Cruise
john boozman
john hoeven
roy blunt
This letter sent to 

Trump,
Plaid Mattis,
Governor christie,
Paul Ryan
Reince Priebus

rand paul
David vitter
richard shelby
Nice PR. Where is the Ted Cruz who stood up against the Rep Conv? You are MENSA on Constitutional Law! How can you be quiet?
was, but changing.  Catch up or be left behind.
but not high school test scores or health care
Alternate forms of energy need to be HIGHLY promoted and encouraged here in Texas!
What a courageous stance for you to take as a Republican in Texas. I hope this does not bite into your fundraising, patriot!
America has oil and it's our future.  Independence.  Good jobs.  
Good for Anerica,   Cruz 2024 
you mean oil drilling... Nothing creative there
. Now go to work & get fellow congressmen busy getting AMERICA in the positive path, someone should get in mccain & graham faces
seems like you're only meeting with people who already agree with you. How about coming to Houston for a town hall?
Yeah - you brilliant legislators can find a better way to monetize clean energy.  FIGURE IT OUT.
hand picked events-avoid Texans-what a strategy-yes energy is important but so are agriculture exports and renewables-
@LouisianaGov Good article for to read sir!
not to mention your number one donor. I am not saying they own you, but they do have a receipt. #bought senator #2018
Yes it is and it will help the entire USA so lets get moving on these things. Go Sen. Cruz we need you to speak out. #MAGA
did @realDonaldTrump say your dad killed JFK?
Not at the expense of the environment
@EcoWatch 
So when oil dies like coal, Texas will be like West Virginia.
#TermLimits !!!
dont forget about environmental jobs. Oh thats right, you dont give a shit
Awesome!! America 1st!!
Education leads to high paying jobs.
get that oil
why not create jobs in renewable energy
Drill Baby, drill!
Yes let's destroy the environment to appease some Texas billionaires
I'm sure your support has nothing to do with You have received most money from the fossil fuel ind. https://www.opensecrets.org/industries/recips.php?ind=E01 …++
Thank you for sharing your perspective.  Will you please hold a #TownHall to share your findings with your constituents?
earthquakes 

contaminated drinking water 

Short term employment 

...
speaking of backbones, how about a #TownHall? Your constituents promise to be gentle with you...
Just another stop on the official Ted Cruz doing all the things to avoid talking to constituents 2017 tour. #TownHall Ted?
Why don't you start by looking at alternative forms of energy that are more environmentally friendly?
we know why      https://www.opensecrets.org/industries/recips.php?ind=E01 …++
Indeed.  Not surprised.
Can't wait to hear about it at a #TownHall
