For some reason, ppl keep insulting Tom by saying he looks like me. Poor guy.

For @SInow, here's photo evidence! https://www.si.com/extra-mustard/2016/11/04/tom-ricketts-ted-cruz-chicago-cubs-world-series-champions …
THANK YOU for having a sense of humor and being self deprecating.  

That is apparently a rare gift these days.
#Dopganger
I can barely tell which one is the zodiac killer.
cut the crap and dump Trump.
Sorry, you both look like someone from the Munsters.  I hope Tom is not as mean spirited as you are, Cruz.  I like the Cubs.
THERE IS SOME BUT CRUZ IS A HANDSOME CRITTER HARD TO  BEAT
Rangers or bust Senator.


Oh please, God does not like lazy people, and trying to get the government to carry you from cradle to grave is unworthy of eternity.
Long lost brothers?
Could have been the Horns.
I can do my best Aggie:  "Wait'll next year!"
He looks like your brother.  Amazing similarity in eyes and nose.
Which one is Cruz and which one is Ricketts??!?
Crickets. 
Senator Cruz is the the slightly taller gentleman standing to the right of Mr. Ricketts.
twins?
I thought I was looking at TWO CRUZS HERE!!!!!!
They both handsome  look alike
Two slimy dorks!
Just don't wear the ring when they win this year's WS. You've made your bed.
A shame #Chicago @Cubs Midfielder #AlbertoAlmora doesn't show respect as he Flips Off @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #MLB https://world-politicus.com/2017/06/29/chicago-cubs-star-flips-off-trump/ …
You guys really look alike.
God is god
By "great to host", you mean you are being him for money. Right, lying Ted?
Are u brothers ?
i AGREE, IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN THE ASTROS. BUT THIS COULD BE THE YEAR. GO ASTROS GO!
Uh....... wow. #ThingsIDidntKnow
Look like twin brothers.
Doppleganger?
Are you to twins separated at birth?
Wow. Chilling rare photo of Tom Ricketts standing beside the Zodiac Killer 
False witnessing can cause you to have an early demise from God.
Both their dads killed Kennedy.
False witnessing can cause your early demise from God.
Whoa, the guy on the left has an evil twin
@SenTedCruz
Great to host Tom Ricketts. Congrats on the World Series. (Should have been the @Astros!) 
Just kidding. Tom Ricketts is a billionaire CEO of an investment bank. They're both evil
Yeah sure. You sound jealous.
Tom's better looking
These two easily—easily!—could pass for brothers if they were not so well-known.
Tom Ricketts is aboot to luz.
Well Ted the Dodgers are going to win it all anyway so don't pay it much mind.
Hey Ted, your district includes Rangers fans.  You're now the enemy
Fuck him. Lol
Once again Senator, you are on the wrong side of history. This could be your year.#MAGA,#BuildTheWall,#DRAINTHESWAMP,#TermLimits

which is which ... what's goin on here ???
You guys look like brothers
twin sons of different mothers!
GO @Cubs!!  Sorry @SenTedCruz but the best team won :-)  Thank you for your service!  Keep up the great work.
Let's teach you on Cruz a lesson & vote him out of office.he has gone too far by trying to kill sick vets in Medicare & our elderly parents2
Well he isn't trying 2kill the ppl of Texas by cutting Medicare do u realize how many vets like me need Medicare,u try being crippled & sick
One of these men is a winner. The other one is a Senator.
Adding the photo of Tom Ricketts & @SenTedCruz to my favorites. (Next to the "Ted w/tattoos" one.) 
Tell Tom to keep his snide remarks about Nats to himself. And he can pay for Wrigley upgrades himself, no govt handouts
Are you two related?
Are they twins?
Y
Ain't you Twins @SenTedCruz ? Looks alike
Pozdrawiam Panòw serdecznie!
You've done nothing for Texans, so can you pack up your stuff and move back to Canada.
Doppelgangers!!
NICE!
What a resemblance of each other.
OMFG - there are two of you now? We're doomed.
A common phenomena – some white guys really look the same
Bleeeech. And that's not about the Cubs.
Twins???
Are you two brother?
God bless #Ted, we know if you were #POTUS #obamacare would already have been repealed!
Wow, you look like brothers
Omg!, you're right!. 
There are two Zodiac killers?!?!?!?! I'm out
You guys look like brothers!
Should've been the Astros, just like it Should've been HRC. #russianinterference #collusion
Ted cruz the next president
Ted, without question @Cubs  Tom Ricketts is your doppelganger 
So Mr. Ricketts knows the zodiac killer
Does he eat burgers off his lips, too? 
Actually, should have been the Rangers! 
Mmmm...  they look like twins separated at birth!
Wait where have I seen this picture before
Brothers...
The astros suck just like you.
You sure your mother didn't have twins and adopt one?  Identical.
Hey sorry... 
Wow TWINS!!
Ok & which one is claiming #GraysonAllen as your son ?
Clearly physical appearance correlates strongly with political views.
Hokey smokes, Bullwinkle!  Talk about separated at birth!
#GoCubsGo
You misspelled rangers
Seriously...
Twilight Zone
Clearly one is the evil twin?!
Oh my gosh. Which one is the real Ted Cruz? That must be your long-lost twin.
Maybe Tom's the zodiac killer...
@StephenKing PLEASE tell me this is just one your stories!! #Cubs
Holy Double Vision Batman!
Amazing!
Which one are you?
Viva la Batista Regime and more Buffalo steaks.
Holy shit,there's two!
@smilingmantaray @jk_00000 I knew they looked similar, but yooooo
Lmao
actual nightmare fuel
They look like the Munster Brothers!
Twins lol
Were you two separated at birth?  You look like twins!
OMG you are twins
Talk about separated at birth

tell me theyre not the same person @zak_boog
that's terrifying
WILL HAVE BEEN 
by this time next year...


Separated at birth?
You two look like brothers
I'm glad to be part of the "team" and show off my Cubs World Series Ring! #GOP3
That was 2005
"Hi I'm @tedcruz and here is my brother..." (que dramatic music).... "Ted Cruz"
They have to be twins.
Should've been the Astros??? Are you referring to 15 and the epic Royals comeback??? too bad so sad...
Suspicions that @SenTedCruz wants a "Clone Army" clause in the health care bill continue to grow. #sendintheclones

You guys could be brothers.  That's scary!
You could be brothers...
Are you on the left or right?  Uncanny.

Keep up the pressure, Ted!
FULL REPEAL!
COMPETITION OVER STATE LINES!
CHOICE IN COVERAGE!
Don't let up!!!
They look the same but one is secretly a lizard person, can you guess which is which?
You need to also get this guy in the photo next time Senator!
Ya gads.  EEEWWWWW times 2.
@SenTedCruz leave the cubs alone and stick to screwing up healthcare for the US.
@wolfmanjacob "should have been the Astros"
OH FUCK THERE'S TWO ZODIAC KILLERS?
Where's Grayson Allen
@acoates8 are these ur dads
You married this ...
Ya'll could be brothers
Twins?
OK I have to admit, I Ted alot more after seeing this pic
Can't tell which one is Senator Cruz...
The one that looks more like the zodiac killer
why the Ring, @SenTedCruz ? Why?
I've been saying for the past 2 years that you guys look alike. There's a man at my church that looks like u guys 2.
Are they brothers?
Twins
#Twinning
Maybe this year!
Somewhere out there right now Grayson Allen is wondering which one is his real father
Teddy, could YOU be any more insulting to your guests or honestly, are you really that rude?!  #4thgenTiger #SuperHAPPYforCubs
Clones
Oh god.  You have a twin.
Twins.
Say "No" to the "Live or Die Bill". Don't ever let that garbage through. Vote "No" to GOP Health-care Bill.
Dude, your buddy Abbott ruined that for the Astros. So you sssh.
Ted, don't vote for the HC bill... repeal it and start over!
Omg...you are twins
Separated at birth?
You guys are twins! 
Man he sure looks like you, Ted. Stand in look alike !
oh god not another one
TOM RICKETTS IS GRAYSON ALLENS UNCLE!! 
Ouch! My eyes hurt.
@88ODunn @ShpakKevin
Hey guys.
Looks like your taller twin


Where's Grayson?
Wow, I wonder how common cloning really is? So many #doppelgangers! http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOrYcNApzH8WIoX31d9We1Mq9-y5CBrYK … #vrillex #agenda21
Are you sure you two aren't twin brothers?! 
Cc @CraigCheslog
If we could clone you enough times, we could actually repeal obamacare.
They look like brothers
Thanks for ruining baseball, @SenTedCruz.
You two could be twins!
Gotta get in the playoffs first, senator. #ButThat'sNoneOfMyBusiness
I bet he gets accused of being you in public by lefties a lot.
maybe you should attend the town hall meetings your voters are inviting you to that you are ignoring #tedcruzismissing
Should of been Astros
You look like brothers
This reminds me of Super Friends when they meet their evil version not that you are evil but cracking up 
Congrads a new brother
