If you can confirm him with 8 Dems, yes. If not, no. Confirmation to fed judgeship and SCOTUS are categorically different and you know that.
PS I'm a Texan and looks like I won't be voting for you.
Political agenda more harsh today as globalists own Dems
Lots change in ten years. And isn't this a different job? #gop looks terrible for threatening to wreck Senate for trump. #get60.
Gorsuch is far right, on video, Trump thanks Fed Soc for picking him. And Trump et al have violated laws. The Far right will eventually lose
Thank you for standing strong for Judge Gorsuch!
"Here Ted! Here boy! Come here Lyin' Teddy! Rollover! There ya go- good doggy!" - Donald Trump, every single day
We are going to remember in 2018, keeping the 3 that voted with Constitution to confirm him. @Sen_JoeManchin @SenatorHeitkamp @SenDonnelly
@tempteststorm2 why r u on vacation when you still have healthcare, tax cuts, budget to deal with? Quit campaigning. It's obvious.
know the history. R's blocked O's fed judges. Rs and Ds had meeting, bared souls, Rs backed out. Reid had no choice. Garland ignored 11mos.
Yeah well 30 years ago they thought Sessions was too racist to confirm. Things change.
A simple majority forces more importance upon senators election giving more power to ppl. Keep simple majority 4 everything.
One word Senator #NaySay #Hypocrite Teddy, one word - Garland.
Hey Teddy, ur my Senator. Where have you been hiding out? Come on have some balls and face ur constituents. Otherwise Trump may grab you.
How many dead baby notches you have on your belt you Baby Killer?
Big mistake, He's not 4 the people he's 4  businesses his judgement says it is ok  2 freeze than 2 abandon his truck BAD CHOICE
Just wait til you get the nod-Schumers head will explode! Can't wait to see his hair plugs fly off!!!
Let's repeat that... "A DECADE AGO". Lots of water under the bridge. And it WAS NOT for Supreme Court. Not the same by a long shot, Teddy.
Love you Ted, you've been wonderful for Texas!  Just wish I still lived there, stuck in dumb California
Mitch McConnell is the only American who was not a Democrat named Harry to employ the nuclear option.
The vote might have been the same except this seat was stolen by republicans from #Garland
We are coming for you ted Cruz
Changing the rules for a nominee from @POTUS under investigation for TREASON is not a great idea. Come on, @GOP! #countryoverparty
Merrick Garland much?
no nominee, so far, has faced the level of obstruction that Republicans waged against Garland.
You people are really dense. How many times can someone tell you it's unprecedented for a Pres in his last year to appoint SCOTUS?!? My god!
Because Biden made reference doesn't mean shit. It was never followed through or enacted into law. Talk about being dense
Doesn't matter. We used Reid's actions to fist you all. Sucks when it backfires, doesn't it?
How can you just lie to us and think we'll buy it?  McConnell took care of the "objecting senators."  Voters watch you every day.  
This is a deeply divided America and some rules need to be returned to their original form. Majority votes are the historic norm.
Cruz, stop imposing your religious beliefs on us. Gorsuch has demonstrated willingness to allow employers to impose religion on employees.
Merrick Garland. This is a stolen seat! It will go down in history as such!
Why would we let an illegitimate president nominate a judge? Foolish.
Trump administration FBI investigation doesn't give Trump the right to nominate Gorsuch!
The Senate made a mistake and two wrongs don't make a right.
@sentedcruz Voted NO on protecting ocean, coastal, and Great Lakes ecosystems.  If Mideast strongmen still in power, better for US interests
@sentedcruz Signed the No Climate Tax Pledge by AFP. (Aug 2012) Let states lease energy rights on federal lands. (Jun 2013)
@sentedcruz Abolish the U.S. Department of Education. (Apr 2015) Fight against Gulf moratorium on offshore exploration. (Jul 2011)
@sentedcruz Voted NO on reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act. (Feb 13) World Court should have no say in Texas executions. (Jul 11)
@sentedcruz Opposes churches providing birth control. Most states can ignore Supreme Court legalizing gay marriage. (Mar 2015)
Have a clue, are you ready?  
As time passes, people and situations change.
#ConfirmGarland No Stolen #SCOTUS seat for #GOP
Vote no to Gorsuch
Town hall? If you won't listen to us O'Rourke will.
Your really that surprised? Dems know only destroy and concur if by POTUS
Mystery billionaire spent $17 mil dark money to defeat Garland & install #Gorsuch and you SUPPORT that? #StolenSeat  http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/3/30/1648842/-Democrats-demand-answers-from-Gorsuch-on-dark-money-but-Manchin-and-Heitkamp-don-t-care …
town hall?
Pick pockets of the senate
This vote is a big test for R's concerned about trusting them for that yes vote- sad the hate that exists praying for this new Pres.
Not SCOTUS worthy. Just because you made a college team doesn't mean you make into pros. Getting elected doesn't mean you will be reelected.
Pinch your nose and talk.  That's why you won't be anything more than a senator
That was prior to his assault on Constitution as an activist judge. It was before you blocked Garland. Grow up Lyin' Ted.
It was not for the highest court in the land either.  Not quite the same thing, eh?
tell em ted
That's becuz they r hypocrites.
Merrick Garland
AND SO?
More Dems playing partisan politics
And that is why when you hire an accountant, there are never any objections to making them CFO.
Thank you, Senator Cruz, for telling the truth and exposing the hypocrites!
How many no's were cast for Judge Garland?
We already know these facts Mr. Cruz. Now what are you and some of your other corrupt colleagues, going to do about it?
And that was ten years ago. Things change. People smarten up.
A decade ago you wouldn't have let us go A Year Without a 9th Justice I would become the Republican party and be the party of no for Trump
10 years is a long time, Teddy. Plenty for a judge to make rulings that reveal who he is and raise concerns about impartiality. Duh!
Thank you Senator Ted Cruz
Hypocrites
Stop acting like the GOP plays by the rules.  #ConfirmGarland
He wasn't a supreme court nominee then
Abate all action and #resistGorsuch until a full independent investigation of #TrumpRussia is complete. Do not change rule of 60 for Trump!
You also supported Merrick Garland before you didn't. Stop trying to pretend hypocrisy is just one way
This seat was stolen. The least that you can do is choose a slightly more main stream nominee. Act like leaders, not a gaggle of hypocrites!
The frozen truck driver case is less than a decade old. This precious seat belongs to a judge appointed by pres. after the investigations.
What has changed???? Ahhh... BARAK hussein is in Washington.
Maybe madden should've gassed up earlier?
Your drama, convincing people that these pple are so great, is the type of church cr@p that destroys lives like it did mine. I'm a Christian
None of your drama & popularity favoritism is constitutional. This isn't plastic fruit church. This is REALITY! Your flattery is a sin.
Quit the drama! Drama does not equal truth. On the Right I say #NOGorsuch! You DO NOT understand that Neil violated Constituion on questions
His rulings since then have been cruel, immoral, unethical & unAmerican. The Supreme Court is no place for his extreme beliefs. #StopGorsuch
But Schumer, vile NY far left liberal Ted.
That's absolutely correct, so why do they have a problem now?
Stolen Seat...MGarland, only.
The same can be said for Marrick Garland and your party refused to even give hi a vote.
Y'all used to love Merrick Garland too, funny how things change @tedcruz45 @txlege
Before you and cronies stole Supreme Court seat
@jjauthor Dems no Trump wants him, so the lib babies r saying no just 2 b pouty. Theyre spoiled 2 yr olds.
Did any Democrat try to explain this? Is just that Gorsuch's confirmation gives Trump something big in the "W" column?
Ted, for maximum influence, have you considered not using your image or your words or your name?
As the mother of a child w/ learning disabilities. I want a SCOTUS that will defend my child's rights & #Devos (you voted for) WONT!
@Alyssa_Milano What has changed? The President? Ever hear "Cut off your nose"?Gorsuch is a great choice and YOU know it. #GorsuchNomination
You mean before he was being considered for the stolen seat? Yeah, easy to confirm a federal judge who doesn't have a lifetime term. #stolen
We want an investigation into Trump Russia ties NOW
Talk about pure hypocrisy!!
Jerk
Hey Ted where does Trump keep your balls?
Do not confirm!!!!!!!!!!. Senate needs to object. #donotconfirm
A year ago the Senate failed its constitutional duty & obstructed the nomination of Judge Garland. Gorsuch is irrelevant @SenateGOP #SCOTUS
because that's totally the same thing. 
Remember when you said you'd keep the seat open for 4 yrs if Hillary won? Think you'd wanna wait until @FBI finishes treason investigation.
What's Wrong with your boy that you feel it necessary to justify your support for him?
Irrelevant. GOP blocked a simple hearing for Garland, a more qualified candidate. Y'all decided to shred the rule book - now live with it.
The Democrats want to be the winning party in spite of the fact they did not win. Don't let them, please!
A decade ago, the Senate would have confirmed Judge Garland   Not a single senator would likely have objected.
Sorry Teddles the GOP decided to to throw a tantrum and politicize the nomination process. U pooped the bed, now you get to lay in it.
Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland...
Well Ted that was then this is now before he ruled against the little guy is some cases. Justice shouldn't be money based
Sen Ted you never sounded or looked so good! 2020TED!
Didn't Garland have same credentials?
I believe Merrick Garland was unanimously confirmed too.  You forgot to mention that.
That was then, this is now. Gorsuch not SCOTUS worthy.
Shit happens.
They are a sad lot the libs are!  I do wish some of our Repubs would grow a backbone and stand up to those liars!
They're only objecting now because it's the "cool thing to do". Drain the swamp!!
Dude... you are aware that according to Trump, Ted Cruz is the swamp.  You know that? Right?
They are ALL the swamp
Soooo.  
It's not like the President can get rid of elected senators just cuz he doesn't like them.  (Putin can do that, POTUS can't)
So true!  We can. I tried. Didn't vote for a single sitting politician. Did you?
....hmm... let me think... no I didn't vote for any Canadian's
Nor did I. I don't vote for Canadians to begin with. The only sitting politician I would have voted for is Bernie. The DNC screwed that up
You know as well as I do, your choice was less anti-Canadian and more anti-Republican.
you managed to win senator but didn't get through pres. primaries.  There's obviously a difference
Well spoken, Sir!
Same for merrick garland, what's your point?
What about Merrick Garland, @SenTedCruz? What about how you wanted to stop any Clinton nominee for four years? #hypocrite
There is it no objectivity on the left.  Only propoganda and partisanship
And ten years later @POTUS under FBI investigation, possibly treason
His decisions since have shown him to unfairly apply the law which makes him unfit to be on our Supreme Court. Do not go nuclear Senator.
To resist is not in the best interest of America, to get even is not in the best interest of the American people, work harder to get along!
#youlie As for "unprecedented" to appoint SC nom in final/elec. Yr. Because it HASNT happened prev doesn't mean it CANT
#gop #dnc #POTUS
Why didn't you confirm Merrick Garland. He was just as qualified and not appointed by a Russian stooge/fake president!!
#youlie #MerrickGarland also was appointed to a federal bench by a unanimous senate vote.
#gop #dnc #POTUS
How many votes did merrick garland get? http://www.politico.com/story/2016/10/cruz-supreme-court-blockade-230363 … let's talk about you wanting to block ALL democratic nominees shall we?
Different time, different circumstances!  #stolenseat
Go ahead and Nuke....the dimms are big babies. They can dish it out but cant take it. Left Wing Hypocrites!
Dont even bother to waste my time...you just wanna argue.
Ted, you and the other senators are to vote on behalf of your constituents. It isn't up to you, your vote should represent their voice.
Ten years ago the Swamp Devils were setting up the atmosphere 4 where we are today. Corrupt, lawless, disgraceful,  ludicrous
No use in waiting 4 Dems 2 demonize Republicans in press. Nuke now! Why is McConnell waiting. We need to go 4 it now, before 2018.
And last year, your Republican brothers/sisters refused to even "hear" Obamas nominee.  Karma .  Put things in proper contex
Your party created this mess now you get to eat the shit left behind.
10 years ago, 200+decisions later, SCOTUS is the ultimate appeals court. Not the same ballgame, not the same players
One thing Trump said was true, Lyin Ted fits!
Wishing him a decent VOTE
Also, if you truly love America you should make sure the president isn't a Russian puppet before letting him make appointments to SCOTUS.
Putin called him hours after election! Why?
And if Gorsuch had answered any questions, more might have been inclined to vote for him.  Such a hypocrite!
Gorsuch was asked and answered four times as many questions as any other nominee in history. Get your facts straight.
More people voted for the man who tried to appoint Garland than voted for Trump. Want to actually do the people's will? Confirm GARLAND.
@SenateDems has nothing to do with the man; its tit for tat
Just shut up lying Ted
hypocrite @tedcruz forgets about the stolen appt. of M. Garland. Short memory i suppose. take the nuclear option and you damage the country
@realDonaldTrump insulted your wife accused your dad of killing Prez Kennedy now you defending stolen SupremeCourt seat? 0 principles/ethics
Possibly Senators have gotten dumber over time, some with age, last shot and all!
Now that's the stone cold truth right there!!!
The senate-INCLUDING REPUBLICANS-voted for Merrick Garland to the D.C. court of Appeals.
AND....
Those are the same politicians who think an island will tip over if more troops are stationed on it. Morons.
same with #MerrickGarland
People who voted in the 2016 presidential election knew the Supreme Court position was at stake a pic president Trump to fill that position
No. We didn't.  The electoral college system did.  Less than 1/4 of eligible voters chose Trump.
206 electoral votes 240 years we've been using the Electoral College to elect the president of the United States
Difference this time dear senator, is that democrats are crying like babies that Garland didn't get a vote.
Yet everyone knows that if Hillary was elected she would've picked some radical anyway! Total hypocrisy!
IT WASN'T A VOTE FOR LIFE TIME JOB , NO RECOURSE AS NOW , LYING TED ,
people change their minds. Like that time you sold your soul to the devil by endorsing Trump.
Politics
Lyin Ted. Obstructionist and partisan hack.
Amazingly enough, the Supreme Court is different than a circuit court.
for 10 months, Ted Cruz and GOP cronies refused to consider a moderate Obama nominee with no motivation other than their own spitefulness.
Cruz. America wants its government back. 
DONT change Senate rules just so you can steal easier.
such a ignorant comparison. a decade ago was b4 hobby lobby etc biased rulings.
No prob, you said, if only 8 on SCOTUS, right?
YEAH, well WTF that was then this is NOW.  You lost your bid for Pres, screaming all the way, now you have rolled over like a bitch in heat.
Was that before or after the decision abt letting the guy risk freezing to death? Maybe that changed people 's minds?
I guess that was okay because he would be freezing to death for his employer, so a noble cause, at least according to some people? GOP GIF!
Did they confirm Merrick Garland with a voice vote too?
All they did was save time. Hearing and no vote same result
Please tell me why millions of dollars have been spent promoting Gorsuch. Never seen this before. Suspicious, to say the least.
Look back, happens all the time
But they're going to object tomorrow, which is why you should send Gorsuch home and give us Judge Bill Pryor via nuclear option.
We are objecting now. Vote no on cloture; if GOP cannot get 60 votes, change the nominee, not the rules. #WeObject
THE DEMOCRATS HAVE FORGOTTEN ALREADY.  ALZHEIMER'S, DEMENTIA, CALL IT WHAT IT IS  ?
Five MONTHS ago, you were advocating leaving only 8 justices on the Supreme Court INDEFINITELY had Hillary won the presidency.  Hypocrite.
Well, politics.
I can't believe what's going on
Just like #MerrickGarland had the unanimous support for the US Court of Appeals. You are a #Hypocrite and will be out of a job before long.
A decade ago the GOP stood for free markets, not  anti-competitive corporate protection and handouts. The GOP greats looked nothing like you
Actually a decade ago Dick Cheney ran the GOP for his own personal profit.  You are thinking about 2 decades ago
