30 hr work week...Developed during Nazi power
@JimDeMint that's not being "forced." That's a business not valuing its employees.
"healthcare is a right", then NO govt control Govt doesn't own news/gun cos/churches.Sanders' Orwellian "right" ="obligation."
preexisting conditions were usually refused insurance b4 #ACA so what's going2hapn when it's gone? Insurance co will do it again
Now we the ppl know you were lying then and now!
because CORPORATIONS don't wish to treat their employees right, CORPORATIONS cut hours so they don't have to provide insurance
govt is not God.  Has church relinquished responsibilities to State?  The people faint and r scattered bcuz they have no sheperd
there is something called  separation of church and state
they did not separate God and state.  How could they? Our founding document (Decl of Indep) has 4 ref to deity
Businessmen are inhumane/don't want to provide healthcare for their employees. I say we should just stop paying employees
the 29s and the 49ers , so impressed , high bar set .
@thisWildcat this is a joke right?in south africa the norm is 40hours per week and we pay have to buy private medical insurance!
.@Opptimus_pprime no. I work 40 and have insurance but before #ACA my asthma inhaler medicine was $7 with ins. Now it is $53.
here i get an inhaler from a pharmacy for R48(rands)...thats rougly $3.25 given the exchange...
.@Opptimus_pprime That's $53 for me. The Albuterol one. Of course we have regulations on the propellant used and packaging.
well prepared for debate.
Where is your plan? You seem to be all talk.
insurance co are greedy swampmonsters who payoff senators like Ted Cruz who don't care what hapns 2us they only care about $$$
wait she doesn't provide insurance now, but says Obama care is holding her back to grow, but other companies do it....
Like the orange gibbon in the WH, Cruz spits out garbage with no factual evidence at all. This is an alternative fact!
All these people have to work 29 hours a week because BUSINESS's don't want to pay for them.
well done and thank you Senator Cruz ... oh how we have missed you
my mother would be dead and our family bankrupt without Obamacare. Where is your plan Senator. Let's roll it out!!!
when politicians solicit with other people's money they don't care about the damage. It's all about their power and enrichment
Bernie trying to introduce another failing structure like Obamacare-only free healthcare will work, new plan that will fail us
filled with hot air. I'm surprised glitter doesn't come out of his ass when he toots his own horn.
So fix the problem. Don't just take away everyone's health insurance.
I'm proof that what you said is true. No help from ACA, make to much for Medicaid.  American that fell through the cracks.
I and hundreds of my full time co-workers list jobs and healthcare when replaced by PT workers. I can't afford real insurance.
These small business' didn't work people full time before Obamacare to avoid paying for insurance. Nice lie
I know this first hand. Why do you think mos jobs now are subcontractors in all fields.
excellent points
Liar.
my job had part time employees work 40 hrs w/ full benefits. After ACA and a conservative owner cut hours cancelled insurance.
then force employers to cover at 20 hrs. Simple. Done
@schwingcat People like ME!!! #cnndebate #Cruz #Obamacare
millions of Americans were forced into part time work when the economy tanked. And employers have been doing that for ages.
yes Obama care destroyed America's jobs I have seen what my employer has done
Nancy P said with this 30 hr rule we could spend other 10 hrs painting or working on our music most had to get a second job 
learn that healthcare is part of doing business, adjust your biz plan. Take care of your workers.
remove employer sponsored insurance and replace with universal, and why is it ok for an American to have medical bankruptcy
My daughter now has a $15,000. deductible. Everyone I know, has either lost coverage, or can't see their M.D.
except full time positions have increased
Thanks to you, Texas ranked worst for highest rate of uninsured people. People come here because they are desperate.
instead of debating, make a plan to better Obamacare. Before that millionaire Republicans did nothing for the millions
@Darren32895836 Bern take ur socialist ideals and move to  This is America we want to keep what we earn! #draintheswamp
I don't want to hear shit from you after you just confirmed a complete airhead over education.
on point Senator Cruz! 
Nailed it.  This is reality and NOBODY talks about this colossal mistake by Dems who "claims" to be for the worker.
That's why we should have a public option.  Why are businesses even involved with healthcare???
get Bernie to show how his math does work on a dry erase board instead of the political BS speech, burry this muppet!
@SenSanders exactly! It purposely hurt some to help others.
true. Some full time jobs have turned into multiple part-time or jobs without company benefits.
you should have told her not to be a greedy human and pay her employees a livable wage.
That was the case before Obamacare too. I used to get scheduled for 29.5 hours n the 90s, so they didn't have to pay benefits.
needs to hit if it is so good why does congress exempt self
30 hours a week is a part time job. Forced to work full time? What a sacrifice!
true. My liberal aunt was shocked her hours got cut. I said hey,  that's what you voted for!
@JimDeMint TRUE!!!!
I got laid off in 2015 due to O-Care had to work 2 jobs for a yr till I was blessed w/ a FT & benefits. I haven't forgotten 2015
@Darren32895836 Ted Cruz Destroyed Bernie with this statement
I'm an employer and nlknow what this costs and provides for the average person and employer...your do wrong!
#Obamacare has saved the lives of many Americans. Do we not deserve a healthcare system on par w/ that of other western nations?
what is the answer for those people who can't afford. Millions of these people exist. Do you just tell them tough luck.
This is a flat out LIE! I know because I work for the ACA!!
that's not true you have no real evidence for that claim.
so it has nothing to do with congress selling out the people and letting our jobs go to 3rd world child labor for pennies
that's pure nonsense - Walmart can afford to pay but won't
Not true, #LyinTed!
Bernie, go to UK if you think it is your utopia!
once again Ted Cruz didn't answer the question about the woman with multiple sclerosis can she keep her coverage?
why haven't you brought up the VA? Best argument against govt medicine there is. What a mess.
You just keep helping Make America Great Again.  Truth told here.
go TED kicks his ass with the facts,and he will cry about how rich and corporate America should pay for the ones that do nothing
Keep going!
the Obama carnage continues to haunt our country!
the drug to cure help c cost $60k.  First it shouldn't cost that much and second no one could afford it without insurance.
And you just figured this out?
Preach it, Ted!
So your idea is to repeal even that bit of support and take away the coverage entirely? #SaveACA
hahahahahahahah democrats in their feels. Gop making democrats look like fools at all levels of govt.
So we should blame Obamacare for cheap business owners? WTF
No. Companies made that choice because they are GREEDY.
premiums have increased on average 25% annually for the last 10 years.  Need nationalized healthcare.
mic drop!
There are currently less part time workers than before Obamacare, as Bernie just informed you #CNNDebateNight
you didn't answer the question rather Healthcare should be a right you talk all around it anybody can have access to something.
poor Bernie.
More "alternative facts" Pre-existing conditions are real facts! 52 million Americans have a pre-existing conditions!
Why not repeal now? The damage would be less than in 1 year.
Yep. And because of the Obamacare tax, most companies short you just under 30. Nothing like working three jobs for basics!
Obama lowered ACA to 30 hrs to help people stuck in a jam with part time work and no insurance. You're such a dam liar. @CNN
That is unsubstantiated BS
Yes, Let's get rid of the unaffordable ObamaCare, I was forced to work less than 40hrs a week.#FullRepeal
single payer
spot on Senator Cruz.  Thank you for laying it out for all to see so clearly.
Very misleading on costs - I paid 900 per month for just me with a 5k deductible way before Obama care......
Feel the Bern's hot air of uselessness, cluelessness, and spending other people's hard earned $$$!
@the_fire_berns @SenTedCruz actually madman u r a madman with no sense keep subsidizing those rich folk they will pay
Bernie just talks, talks, talks,....can't shut his pie hole, talks, non-stop, talks, talks, talks
Still waiting to see the plan. Just talk about it but can't give any specifics (as usual)! #Obamacare
Bernie is a socialist end of story everything he says says govt is the answer he is dead wrong if u thk the VA is good u'll luv
No rebuttle to Sander's numbers on pt time workers?
That's a lie. You had to be 40hrs to get benefits. Most people got pastime pay so companies didn't have to provide benefits.
Healthcare not a right. You are NOT entitled to the labors of a Dr. A nurse a pharmacist. Get him Ted @BernieSanders
Oh Contraire! Health Care is a Universal Human Right & fundamental to whole notion of Equal Opportunity
so why stop at healthcare? Lets nationalize everything. No one gets a paycheck! No, get govt out
but Bernie the 20 million was force to get insurance due to tax penalties from Obamacare
Because their bosses are greedy assholes.
millions of Americans were forced out of work because of corrupt @gop policies during the Bush years #Obamacare #CNNDebateNight
I wish you would stop politicking and actually solve the problem. You have had 6 yrs to come up with a plan. Where is it?
There is a plan, @RandPaul has it!
I wish it would be presented! I agree that we need to improve the ACA and I am all for seeing a plan!
Here you go:
https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
..government take choices away from women ie - reproductive rights.  You want less government for white men right??
Bernie looks like a Snake Oil salesman.
true. I have 6 friends who had hours cut too because of @BarackObama ACA failure.
Wrong. Millions were forced because GOP-deregulated businesses want to scam the system, at the expense of the workers.
you say government should not be involved in health care and you trust the people to make their own choices.  Why should the
