Where is the bill?!??? Stop sabotaging the ACA & fund CSRs #ShowUsTheBill #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
"Will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?" Senator @clairecmc asked today in the Finance Cmte. You should watch: #Trumpcare 
Why are there no women included on the secret backroom group of all old white men?!? #ShowUsTheBill
.@SecPriceMD refuses to say if women should have a seat at the table writing the Senate's secret tax-cuts-for-billionaires #TrumpCare bill. 
Why hasn't the HHS secretary seen the bill yet? #ShowUsTheBill
.@SecPriceMD admits he hasn’t seen the secret Senate plan to repeal health care for millions of Americans – what is the @SenateGOP hiding? 
why wasn't obamacare disclosed before it had to be voted on? Wasn't to worried about that was you?
It was, they went over it in the videos but here is a visual.
Here's the side-by-side of the debate process for the ACA & for #Trumpcare. Notice the difference? 
No they didn't where in the hell are you getting your info fakenews cnn?
Why don't you show some proof there were no hearings instead of just yelling fake news.
I was talking about obamacare being diclosed before they voted on it and wasn't So pay attention dude!
Support POTUS.We will neither forgive nor http://forget.GOP  disenfranchising their party by not standing up against deep state.shame
Selective human rights, what about Saudi Arabia, Turkey, N. Korea? Oh, that's right, you can't even defend your family. #CanCruz18
Kissing A$$ to the Toddler in Chief is not a good look for you.  An important step in the right direction is an open fair TrumpCare process
Ted, if you (& your kooky dad) hate Cuba so much, then don't go there!! But don't tell me that I can't, because I rather enjoyed my visit!
...sadly, you'll never be President.
...that time (of the many) when Trump insulted you.
nope. Another country will now step in and gain market and influence...
Ussr already did, we see the results. Later on even ussr lost interest.
Maybe opening relations would have helped the people in the long run and led to a change in Gov't. We know the embargo hasn't.
Yes
Interested to see how his business dealings play into all of this, get ready to call it "fake news"
tRUMP takes no forward steps, just steps to the RIGHT, which are so WRONG!
If you give the Cuban people a taste of freedom they will demand change. If u keep it from them knowing u could have, u create haters!
We'll just keep doing the same thing to Cuba as we have for 55 years. Maybe it will finally show results! #idiot
Ted, you are being a jerk on this. Do you know that you still have Cuban citizenship?
Yeah, yeah, yeah and he still has the goods on your wife he threatened to use against you. The tweet is still up, ya coward.
Why don't you go back home to Cuba, Rafael, and sort all that out. Or Canada. Either one would be super. Thanks, boss.
How about freedom for the American people as well?

If @marcorubio were being honest, I don't think he's a big fan of @realDonaldTrump's policies:
You still kissing that ass orange 
I like them. How about you?
I like Obama.
Are you sure?  Perhaps there is much more to that.
Cuba was ripe for change before Obama did this. He did same thing with Iran. Please keep erasing Obama's legacy
Ted, can you help #venezuela now? Every single country in our continent deserves democracy #maga #realDonaldTrump
Keep it up@POTUS
No. And if you recall GW Bush started pushing toward the focus on moving Cuba to democracy via capitalism Obama only picked up the torch.
so you approve on cutting off Cubans from their American families?
Don't sell your soul for these half ass efforts from trump. Still giving out legal status to illegal aliens. We've had enough of the lies!
Great job, Ted. You neutered our enemy that hacked our elections. You showed them.  Wait...  Cuba? Why are we talking about Cuba?
You're going back to something that didn't work for 50 years. You're doing this out of anger and it might take another 50 years.
Puppet
Yes senator cruiz keep up the fight!
For who?
We need to build a wall there too. Too many stealing American jobs. #maga not #mcga
Cruz is aware that Batista was a US backed leader right?
Another suckup to Trump. Lying Ted Cruz sold out his wife and father. What are the chances he would protect the interests of Americans #Liar
Cuba NO, saudi arabia YES! Qatar YES. N/Korea's leader a "smart cookie"? Friends with murderer Duterte, Erdogan! Pathetic politics!
Wrong, again. He's undoing the progress President Obama made.
As normalizing USA-Cuba relations after decades should primarily be to restore / help Cuban people IN their country.
The right-wing direction. Leaving out the word "wing" makes it a lie. There, fixed it for you.
Backwards? Focus on countries that are worse idk Qatar Saudi Arabia turkey?
BULL SHIT cruz!
Good now get his back and have mueller recuse himself over comey frienship hiring hillary donors and now leaks!!!!!!!!!
Where's the bill, Lyin Ted! Lyin Ted, this admin is a disaster. Do u ever look in mirror & wail, "The Asshole destroying us should be me!!'
Yes the only direction the @GOP is going is on their knees. This #FakePresident called you lying Ted and disgraced your family.#CruzNoBalls
Why no return to wet foot dry foot?
Cuba going to release info on your dad's involvement in the Kennedy assassination. You already kiss trumps feet for letting you know.
Totally Agreed!
If the idea is to improve human rights thru political pressure, I expect to see you endorse this same policy toward Saudi Arabia & China.

I've been to #Cuba twice & have seen the potential for our farmers & manufacturers. @POTUS' policy is an outdated, harmful job-killer. 
Such crap if u knew anything about Cuban economics u would know the regime controls everything the citizen would not prosper
MAKE CUBA GREAT AGAIN 
