This shows your ignorance the English language
If you go with a flat tax, at what income level would the tax start.  Will there be any consideration for regional cost of living?
No - no one is forcing anyone to live somewhere they can't afford
What you REALLY mean is *Tax Cuts for the Rich!* #LoseCruz2018
That proposal is fundamentally unfair to all but the rich and is unquestionably unChristian.
Did Princeton not require an economics class as part of its public policy degree?
Oh I suppose you believe the Marxist economics of thievery??
No, I just appreciate when my elected officials understand the impact of poorly thought out policies.
That is the most idiotic thing I ever heard.
If trump pushes tax increases on those of us who work- then he is a liar too
Really?  You think it is fair to have billionaires pay the same rate as someone earning $20K/year?  You have a strange idea of fair.
Treating everyone the same (aka impartial) doesn't seem fair? That's nearly the textbook definition. It's odd that you think it's strange.
The #FAIRtax Ted, Fairtax.  Trumps plan SUX !
Fairtax sounds good to stupid people., even to smart people until their mom reads the fine print to them http://fairtaxgoofy.blogspot.com/ 
End the social security cap. Raise it to $500k.
You are one of the only sane people in congress. A 15% flat tax for ALL personal income levels. Treat everyone EQUALLY! #Trump2020 #TeaParty
So the rich pay low do you think that's fair you hypocrite
Any thought on a consumption tax? Those who spend will pay the tax. Any flat % of income tax, the wealthy will find a way to avoid "income "
Corporate tax is a consumption tax. Cant get rid of income tax without repealing the 16th amendment, otherwise they'll hit us both ways.
FOIA requets, when granted, are legal sunshine!
If the President calls you lying Ted, who do think will believe you?
No then that victimizes the poor and middle class. That's a cut for the wealthu
Regressive taxation. That certainly would be a "change" to our tax code 
I agree.. make it simple
Fair doesn't always mean identical. We wished you watched more porn and politiked less
Yeah I know one reason you might want to ride low and flat right now and it rhymes with "Where did my support go?"
Income should not be taxed. Buying should be. Businesses never pay taxes. Their customers pay all taxes in pricing increases. Dead cost
Hey Ted work on something that can pass
That's not very progressive. Rich benefit more than poor from that policy. But you know that already I guess
No, everyone shouldn't pay the same low rate. Those with exponentially more should pay a higher percentage, not the same damn rate.
no tax reform rhetoric on how it will increase jobs. no lower taxes
Get it done!!!!
A flat tax is silly. Inequitable, doomed to fail in terms of revenue generation, sure to widen the income disparity in this country.
What about porn?
A flat tax should be a constitutional amendment!!


Really prove it dont cut taxes for all? I'll wait
So No answer?
Just sit down and hush. You have nothing of value to add to any conversation.
Go back to watching incest porn
Ted, go back to watching porn!
Think you mean Bill!

Cruz is a moron if he thinks a flat tax is proportionally beneficial to all tax brackets
Love it! @GovMikeHuckabee backed a flat tax in 2008..had John McCain chose him as VP, we would not have had @BarackObama :( but I digress...
Coming from Huckabees part of the woods. I can tell you he's disliked nearly as much as Palin

Where are all the 'rich democrats' why aren't they complaining 2?
If 5 knuckle shuffle Ted thinks he's getting anywhere with flat tax, he might as well go back to his peep show.
Unfortunately, there will be no flat tax. There won't even be tax "reform". Only some type of tax "cut" if Trump makes another "deal" w/Dems
Actually, Ted, I agree as long as there are zero loopholes.
@NeutralTax is a better option
Nothing says fair like billionaires paying the same tax rate as janitors.
MILFs or BBC?
Senator Cruz... please, hi-lite the stupidity of the left that never realizes a FLAT % of a higher income is paying MORE in taxes!  #flattax
Y'all really don't understand how most of this country lives, do you?
Man, I always disagree with you, Cruz.  But not on this one.  Flat tax on ALL TYPES OF INCOME!!!
Yah progressive taxation is way way too cruel to the middle class.
Sen. Cruz, constituent here.  What is your mission as a legislator?
Oh and let's tax labor and capital the same.
#FairTax! NO immoral hidden taxation of income! Take the power out of Washington DC and put it back where it belongs: WE THE PEOPLE!!
@realDonaldTrump  I believe in an income based flat tax rate, no exemptions, no deductables, no loopholes.  5% to 25% depending on income.
No we need progressivity in tax rates.  Less loopholes.
And include porn tax cuts.
First make sure the taxes are being spent with transparency. Let's see your tax returns and your donors before any changes are made!
DT pushing tax reform as is the delusional repub. His &theirs idea of tax reform is to get more money to the rich. Screw the middle class.
DT most anti LGBT president in history. And I'm only 8 months. Well done putz. Recognized for all the wrong reasons. Pitiful
how about we go back to the original tax rate of 1%
be my guest. It's all deficit spending any way. May as well tax us 100% !!!
Stick to bisexual step-mother porn, math is clearly not your thing.
Just pharmacology. #PoundSand
Flat tax good. No deductions on Any level. The wealthy will pay a fair proportion of their income I hope. Hard sell. Good luck
A flat tax is the prime example of an unfair taxation system.
Everyone should pay taxes. Even if you're low income, you should pay some taxes. We all should be supporting our country.
what if nobody paid, what would happen to Washington?
Hahahaha
Isn't that affirmative action for the wealthy?  Equally of outcome.  You're against that!  They'd pay lower rates w lower taxable earnings.
Stop your idiocy. Go read Economics for Dummies.
Watched any #RealityKings porn yet?
Lower the rates, eliminate the loopholes - a great first step on the road to prosperity for all.


Q: How has the Republican Party ever helped the working class?
A: Trick question. It HASENT.
#TrumpRussia, dummy. You cannot be trusted. Ever.
#25thAmendmentNow
No. Corporations and the top 1% should pay their fair share. #bullshittrickledowneconomics
Corporations biggest expense is labor/wages. What happens when corporations have less money?
How much do they need? They've never created jobs with lower taxes. They've only pocketed the extra cash. That is the truth.
If you want to expand your company, you have to expand all parts. That means you have to pay more workers.
And to keep your best you have to pay them more over time. Look, I am not a fan of big corporations, but I'm not jealous of them.
You don't get to say what they get to keep because you are totally irrelevant to the situation.
Most ppl are employed in small business and tax cuts are vital for small business to flourish. If that mean big businesses get tax cuts...
Then why should I care as a small businessman?
9%
