it will be the end of our senate's governing effectiveness and history will show the 2010 to 2017 senate GOP will be the cause!
@Texan2A start with Kagan who never should have been appointed.  And ginsburg who should be in a nursing home.
I would love to replace those 2 liberal justices with constitutional conservatives like Justice Scalia or Judge Gorsuch.
any judge who does not believe in the 2nd amendment needs replacing.  Conflict of interest.
@Texan2A just need to knock a few more off the supreme court and ninth circus.
Pro life Victory? He said roe was settled law.why is no one talking about that?
Sir
Should a President 
Under investigation 
By the FBI
For colluding 
W/enemy
Be allowed 
To pick a
Supreme Court
Judge?
They have been able to provide a shred of evidence. I predict there will be democrats going to jail for illegal surveillance
Ha it's easy when you change the rules.
No Gorsuch
No it will show how dysfunctional our do nothing Congress is, lying Ted
Love u r heart Sen. Ted.
Allowing a vote for Merrick Garland would have done wonders for our country.  #ObstructionGOPstyle
Advice from the senate was, "dont bother!!" Thankfully!
How about doing whats right for the country instead of for your wallet! #dirtymoney #hiddenagenda #toomanyties #conspiracy
#LoseCruz2018
Think about it #Proposal #PatriotsNeeded #delayGorsuchVote until after findings  #investigation #russiagate #taxReturns #whatDoYouHave2lose
And it will confirm your hatred of women,your own daughters and the disabled and hard working Americans.Shame on you for being a toy soldier
Not a victory when you have to change the rules to get what you want.
YOU ARE SO WRONG.   GARLAND IS THE FAIR CHOICE.   ONLY.
So full of it.  You haven't listened to one word...or most likely don't care.  Nice disrespect using your phone while your colleague speaks
           
It will never happen the demos will fight you tooth and nail
I don't think so.  And how can you work with a chump that said all those nasty things about your family?
Because he has ZERO integrity.  gej
the victory comes when u r NO LONGER the US SENATOR representing TX. then the constitution has a better chance of life.
Enjoy your final year n d Senate Cruz. We are taking your seat which will be good for the Constitution, Bill of Rights & indv liberty 4 Amer
Absolutely!!  A real chicken would be better than this Chicken Little with no integrity. gej
I really appreciate the speech you gave in support of Gorsuch's confirmation! It was well stated/paced & it reaffirmed why I am a GOP! #GOP3
GOP='GOVERNMENT OF PRETENDERS' or some other words that start with 'P' and would do nicely! 
2018 can't come fast enough!  You've shown over and over you have no integrity.  You're nothing but a pandering boot licker. 75126
God Bless
If you were a real constitutionalist, you would have voted on the previous nominee like the constitution says you should have. #cruzisafraud
It would be a travesty if it happens. 2018 is coming so quick!
.@SenTedCruz Shame on you for violating your oath, sabotaging Garland, and now trampling the constitution with Gorsuch
Jerk
yes he will but at what cost when you do the nuclear option we lose
No, it will be a stolen seat. Stolen by you and your cowardly crew up in DC behind all that marble. Obama made the pick, confirm him now.
No nuclear option! Play by the rules! And #IndependentCommission now. The truth is in everyone's best interest, right?
Traitor Ted
You are dreaming. This judge has one agenda... Trump's litigations.
Use the nuclear option if needed.
You mean Merrick Garland, right?
Up next, by the will of God, a nomination of Ted Cruz for SCOTUS
Is this the same Constitution you broke your oath to last year?
thank you Sen Ted Cruz for your service! Please confirm Gorsuch #confirmGorsuch #greatsenators
Obama exceeded constitutional authority and the law....So where are the SC Justices to stand up and withhold the law to protect the ppl???
Excellent closing remarks by Cruz

try a nominee who is not a question dodger - we may oblige with a vote- unlike GOP obstructionists Democrats are moral beings!
Why weren't the D"s in DC at all alarmed at Obama nominating Garland so suddenly after  shocking death of Scalia?
You've no standards w/Supreme Court nomination. GOP swindlers & cheater for nomination! Find a nominee that works for ALL!  If not, you fail
The impeachment of the guy who trashed your wife will be a victory for the Constitution and the American people. Remember Ted?
I am afraid it won't get done. Gorsuch is perfect for court.
Disaster for Senate credibility. If you can't get 60 don't break the system. #NoGorsuch.
No credibility. Cry foul then do a foul and say it's honest and the "right" thing to do.
#stolenseat
Tie nuclear option to Reid-call it the Reid Nuclear option. Tie obamacare to pelosi-call it pelosi care -tie dimms to everything - be smart!
Dims not smart - it's Repubs who r dumb to apprv sotomayor/kagan and obamacare - play the same games, stand up, don't back down & NUKE EM!
Speaking of "dim".....
But not for frozen truck drivers or the poor underdog JMO @politico @PoliticalDiscor @DFWIndivisible @indivisibletxjc
Says who? He uses his personal feelings not actual law to rule his decisions. He is bought off by BIG Corporations just like u #trumprussia
Please, too much drama. He’s a Judge, SCOTUS, 1 of 112 selected before him. You’re not on a evangelical roadshow.
What about Merrick Garland, lying Ted poor excuse of an albino he goat. Shame on you. Enjoy your last 2 years in the Senate.
Get the next SCOTUS on the bench soon!!
It is not a victory for me Ted!
The Constitution is not a living document. Some people do not understand how lucky they are to be American and live in the USA.
You were willing to hold that seat empty for years. Your words are those of a traitor.
If he gets confirmed maybe he can preside over @realDonaldTrump impeachment
Actually Merrick Garland should've been the next Supreme Court justice, but you and your Rep. colleagues ignored the constitution.
Gorsuch who says female employees should ask permission of employers before getting pregnant?  where do you find these guys?  astonishing!
Almost makes up for the blow @BetsyDeVos did to public education.
Confirming Garland would also be a victory for those wonderful things.
Confirmation yes! The PROCESS is DEM #Lunacey (Pandering to their Base!) because of Election Loss? DEMs WILL PAY DEARLY FOR THEIR STUPIDITY!
No it wont
Senator, do what you must to get it done!
Great thing. For sure
Vote your conscious
can't wait for you to be on Supreme Court
I CRUZ, full support....
Go Nuclear. See what happens after '18 and '20.  Put up a moderate or hell a conservative that isn't evil and he/she will get confirmed.
Following Dems own rules.. & no it doesn't matter who the Cons would put Dems would vote no
@g So would have @MerrickGarland_ but @GOP  @SenateMajLdr & @SenateGOP totally disrespected him by refusing a hearing!
Stop Gorsuch's. Victory for the rich corporation.
For our children and grandchildren.
Amen; get it done.
His confirmation would mean the beginning of the end for everything you mentioned. Unless you're: white, affluent, male and straight.

Just like the Trump presidency could be a victory for the Constitution, etc. if Donald would actually listen to the conservatives.
Your confirmation to the Court will be one too!
Merrick garland
Once again the @HouseGOP @SenateGOP cheats (change rules) to get a victory. Dont forget this @gop when you are minority in #Congress
Ya like when the shoved OSAMACARE up our behinds!
I'm sure this is a mere oversight on ur part, but u failed to mention who will benefit most: giant corporations. There, I fixed it for you.
No it is not any of those things! Gorsuch maybe like you a complete lover of self but he is all wrong for America and wrong for citizens
Going nuclear is not a victory for the constitution! Are you that ignorant? #LyinTed #MerrickGarland #BetoForTX
Just following the rules Reid & Dems put in place
They didn't do that for SCOTUS nom. But the so-called constitutionalist has no problem breaking precedent. Trump was right - he is #LyinTed
Oh so now breaking the rules isn't ok? Too bad so sad..Reid was warned there would be consequences & didn't listen
"Ted Cruz and Richard Burr are arguing that if a Democrat wins the election, the Senate should refuse to confirm anyone."
abuse of power, Tyranny of the Majority, might is right, ends justifies the means, extremism...
Only if you are all foolish enough to go nuclear.
Following the Dems own rules
Perfectly fine with that as all things come with a price.
And this and maybe another justice is the price Dems will now pay
That's the risk for both sides. What goes around comes around. R's blocking 1st nom set bad precedent If they fall into nuclear opt too bad.
Bad precedent was set in 13 when Reid 1st used nuke option
No argument from me on that but that's history & this is now.
Yet no difference
There are rumors that you like to "shart" just a little, for a "slicker" and snappier step, are these true?
BULLSHIT! It will be a victory for rich white men and corporations.
Oh...You want America to succeed? You must not be a Democrat....
Mmmhmm. Ted Cruz is definitely who I go to when I'm looking for advice about individual liberty and the U.S. Constitution.
Texans will be running away from Ted Cruz in horror as the new court pumps out unbelievably nutty 5-4 decisions. See ya in 2018. :)
Please tell me more about the Constitution. 
Judicial Activism 101
Let's start with the First Amendment
"Press" NOT = "Corporation"
No
