Get rid of Obama care
thank you @SenTedCruz & @freedomcaucus for standing strong, you are my rep  Ted and you have my vote but not @JohnCornyn
Amen Sen. Cruz.
The left does not understand the American people don't want communist ideology.
And any college students have no future.
I adore Ted Cruz
@SenTedCruz @CR soon US universities will lose world superiority
@tedcruz is a brilliant man.
Ted Cruz is enmey of other world.if he anti student ....so....what...,.....????
Wait... doesn't the same amendment that protects free speech also protect the right to protest that free speech?
It's called "the right to PEACEFULLY assemble."
@SenTedCruz  4 pres 202
IT'S NOT JUST UNIVERSITIES!!!    It starts in kindergarten!!
Absolutely! Parents of grade school students need to be vigilant.
If only a few more evangelicals had voted for Cruz instead. Who knows? But Washington hates Cruz worse than Trump.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz #CruzCrew ! Super! @TPPatriots @TeaPartyOrg @CRTV @CR @michellemalkin @dbongino  @JudicialWatch @DineshDSouza
Rumor is a Supreme Court Justice is retiring...I would love to see President Trump put Cruz on the Supreme Court
Unfortunately he's not on the list. The President says he will appoint from the list he submitted during the campaign.
How about your intolerance of Science?  Remember how you loved weather balloon data? https://www.theguardian.com/environment/climate-consensus-97-per-cent/2017/jul/03/bad-news-for-climate-contrarians-the-best-data-we-have-just-got-hotter?CMP=share_btn_tw … #climatechange
Well done by Ted Cruz!!!
It would be nice if prominent politicians and biased media personalities would criticize intolerance wherever they find it...fat chance
Hopefully, the nation w/b ready 4 @SenTedCruz in 7-1/2 yrs -- unless he is on #SCOTUS
OUTSTANDING!
So what will become of it ? Nothing. It's all just speak & bluster

Way to go Ted!!
I don't think anyone is intimidated by his nasal rants. How he hot this far in life is beyond me.
Cruz is 'da man!!
I never thought I'd thank Mr. Cruz for anything, but thank you. As a conservative Dem sending a child to college soon it's scary proposition
Sadly,your child has already been indoctrinated.
Nah, Catholic schools & parenting have a pretty stable non-lefty in her & her brother.
Ted Cruz just won his way back into the hearts of Americans who believe in the first amendment and freedom of speech!
Why would such people have rejected him in the first place?
Two words Nancy - Trump cult.
This is so true
I would be more impressed if Cruz stood up for POTUS as democrats try to destroy  him. But Cruz is always campaigning
@unalienablerght @CR best defense is a good offense ... wallop them, Ted!
Sure. retweet from a conspiracy theory nutjob!!!!!!!!!!!!
You won't outdo Cruz. Too smart.
How about defending the rights of the American people not to be subjected to propaganda from our own govt? That would be an honest effort
 sure
Could we be seeing a Supreme Court Justice @tedcruz soon?
Love the way @SenTedCruz hits the nail on the head!
@SenTedCruz @CR Now there's a great new term: "Cry-bullies".
Cruz is like this tardy knight.....never fast enough to grasp the crown himself......You know, Trump offered Cruz to be Veep....on stage
I am not sure a message can be expressed any better than Senator Cruz did at that hearing. I know I agree with every word he said.
Love Ted Cruz.
Excellently said!
Any thoughts on Weinstein's apparent elevation of "general welfare" over free speech that is "prejudiced"?
beautiful.....
Woohoo! Freedom for hate and racism.  Yeah!! Cuz actually listening to the other's exercising free speech due to oppression is stupid!! Smh
That was good
Ted Cruz really explains what's at stake with the nonsense that is happening on many college campuses.
Aren't many of these colleges federally funded? Well, remove the money, end of conversation. We tax payers put it in, we can take it back.
I FEEL TED CRUZ HAS REDEEMED HIMSELF FROM THE CAMPAIGN DAYS. I AM GLAD HE IS ON TRUMPS SIDE
Gotta Love him
Thank you for sharing this. If only I couldn't speak so eloquently. I might have to listen a few more times.
Tell me again why this man is not our president?
Hopefully the disaster Trump resigns & the natolion can have a Pence/Cruz administration.
Good job. Now if we can get others to support other rights, expand our rights and not shut them down.
Well said... it is time for the nonsense to stop...
@tedcruz  is awesome!
Well said @tedcruz the 1st Amendment rights are 1st for a reason!
Thank you God for blessing me with being a native Texan. Love @tedcruz
Thank you,Senator for speaking what so many of us see and are horrified with concern for our nation.
So what's the point of his speech?  Do something about it!
I don't think his dad killed JFK
the right really needs more of an 'offense', myself for instance, can be quite offensive.
Conservatives in general have turned out to be the guardians of free speech. Listen & you will find that Left seeks limits to speech.
What a great speech.  What are liberals afraid of?  Why do students need safe spaces where they won't hear new or different ideas?
Thanks for finally addresing a great disservice to the American people. This manisfestation has been allowed to fester to long.
Since higher education wraps itself in the mantle of a place for discussing ideas, any that limit speech should be ineligible for ALL tax $
#Cruz2020
Scruz quote "if ideas are strong, if ideas are right, you don't need to muzzle the opposition." So why are you hiding the healthcare bill?
Always count on Sen. Ted Cruz to defend our constitutional rights!
Ok...we already know the essence of the problem.  But, how does he plan to penalize these institutions? Will he author a bill to defund?
Mark Levin smells like moldy cheese.
When people can't have an intellectual argument they choose to disrespect the other party
I can't tell if you are referring to the article calling college students crybabies, Ted Cruz calling Nazis disgusting and grotesque...
Or college students calling certain language hate speech

We need a law that will sanction media companies who ban freedom of speech.
Go Ted Cruz this Hate has to stop Enough is Enough.,Please promote Love & respect
Is this the same Ted Cruz who won't meet with constituents or answer the phone? If you want to be taken seriously you need to be serious.
You must not live in Texas. He is very approachable. Me thinks you are trying to stir a little.  SEND BEST THOUGHTS TO SENATOR CRUZ
@tedcruz @CR  In America we are protected by First amendment. So sue them if your speech is violated. Conservatives RULE
lol fool
What a pile of sad ignorance. Ted is the icky kid that ate boogers in class then tried to touch you.
Keep at it @SenTedCruz what was done to people like me must never happen again!
Yes! Bravo!!
Awesome as always an pray our country returns to a civilized society that can debate with truth not violence 
Oh sweet he's campaigning instead of on camera explaining to the American people wtf is in @SenateMajLdr #AHCA shoved up his as s crack.Nice
Wish your vulgar mouth could be washed out with soap.
Crybullies? Seriously? Are you adults or what?
Yes. The rioters are bullies who act like crybabies until they get their way. They are the ones who need to grow up.
Colleges that can not control or support free speech should lose their tax benefits.
Even in graduate school at the University of Michigan I never felt that my conservative views were not appreciated
I like him...
I love him
After seeing what is going on today in our universities I feel bad for our Young Folks and appreciate the professors who helped educate me
Saul Alinsky’s Rules For Radicals 6) Education~ Take control of what people read & listen to-take control of what children learn in school.
It's worked like a charm!
All of these so called colleges that riot & threaten violence against conservative speech should be defunded
Graduated a New York City University in 1989 all the professors were as left-wing as they are today. Only difference they encouraged debate
Beautifully said senator
Unfortunately this is not only true on campuses but in the workplace, in neighborhoods, and even among friends.

🖒🖒🖒
Still engaged to the mother of a Cruz staffer I see.
Campus free speech should be tied to federal funding.

If they want to be socialist schools they are in the wrong country.
"Anti-speech college crybullies" - you dudes come up with the most elaborate names; you must have been great in grade school
This was great. And did you see @splcenter calling the people opposing #Antifa white supremacists? SPLC is a hate group itself. @tedcruz
Why isn't media reporting on hate crimes against the right? Check out #PrayforTony
We know who the violent crazies are.

And what does solar panels have to do w/#1A being eradicated from universities?
