Ok can we please please leave politics off this site. This is not what it is suppose to be about. Tired of chaos of WH and EGOS
This is still a private twitter handle
Ok. It's just that politics is on overload lately and now we have a special prosecutor and all I can think is Nixon years again. Yes I'm old
If you are overloaded, take a break from Twitter and social media.  To even think for a moment you will silence politics here is absurd.
How long would it have taken you had you been given the opportunity? #teamcruz
Just words.  How about the Senate issuing a formal condemnation and an order expelling the thugs from this country?  No, just empty words.
But you continue to support a president that was meeting with the Turkish dictator at the same time.
YouTube unreal. Excuse me this is the USA. What is going on?
Big freaking whoop. How about you condemn Orange Hitler you douche
What ANIMALS! That might be acceptable in Turkey but NOT HERE!
What part? The Security/bodyguards physical attacks OR Demonstrators defending themselves & telling @realDonaldTrump he was not welcomed?
Let's see some legal action, the reason Erdogan gave the order, because he got away with it the first time. We need to teach him a lesson.
I strongly condemn the violence that is taking place everyday in Washington on @POTUS @realDonaldTrump. Ted we need you now more than ever.
@SenTedCruz I think it was your president who invited these thugs into our country. #ImpeachTrumpPence #TurnTexasBlue
Sen. Cruz, Turks violate US law and beat US citizens in our capital & not first time; no other country has disrespected our laws but Turkey.
What happens in Turkey should stay in Turkey.
Should never happened
Have you thought about the violence that NO NET NEUTRALITY will harm your constituents and the AMERICAN way of life? Stifled com
bunch of guys with suits and guns, yep guns! rush the D.C. Cops kick the crap out of a small group of protesters, for what?  Free speech!
I would gladly throw brick at that Embassy as Turkey is ANTI-AMER & PRO-RUSSIA. They are not loyal member of NATO or ally of US
Yes and finally something you and I can agree on. The violence was totally uncalled for and they should be held accountable. Any proposals?
Ted ...thats your next rally or town hall.
Vote him out
Look to me some got out of line but then got put in line. Bet it don't happen again.
And what exactly does that accomplish?
Can u rally the right to help our president?
Well, arrest some bodyguards.
yes ted your master
UNCLE TED CRUZ
Yay, you demanded an apology!
@JessieJaneDuff America on its way Sadly to 3rd worldism This must END
That's fine, just don't forget the Kurds that we are working with in  when it comes time to leave. They r the only 1s pulling their weight
Not enough to condemn on this one Senator. #action
Be careful sticking your neck out like this!

Please start backing up the President.  You know he's right.
You're a highly-principled person.
Looked liked animals going at eachother 
@zanadu99only one said a shitting word.clowns to the left of me jokers to the right here i am stuck
They came with the dude that POTUS invited. With friends like these...
What do you condem? Blacks are treated this way everyday in America. You are republican, just turn your head like you always do.
The Turkish government is no longer represents the people of Turkey. Going the way of Iran in the 80s.
You can expect more if this if you disobey Erdogan (lol)This is normal behaviour in Holland and also in rest of EU
No one cares about who you condemn when you yourself have no Morales. Get lost loser.
Blah.  Blah.  Blah...  It's always the same
Who cares about what you think. Your silence while this president rapes the constitution is deafening! You have chosen party over USA!
So how about some action? Hold those assholes accountable there Ted.
Start deploying U.S. troops with Kurds! Respond with force to ANY attacks.
https://twitter.com/hadi_elis/status/830909701906907137 …
After your done condemning it, what r u going to do about it??
@JessieJaneDuff 
Yes I agree! 
Nobody deserves to b beaten while on the ground. NOBODY
#freeAndrewBrunson
TAKE. AWAY. DIPLOMATIC. IMMUNITY. THAT SHIT WILL STOP IMMEDIATELY!!
Turkey are not friends..hey will lead us down a very dark path..
They
I strongly condemn the idiotic crap that come from the demorats, John McCain, and the lamestream media!
F.Y.A

We as Turkish people strongly condemn the support that is given by U.S to all terrorist organizations in the Middle East.
what is wrong with "thoughts and prayers"....it is usually good enough
Do you condemn the man who spoke bad about you and your wife?
Tell the president to stop inviting dictators, then their goons won't be here.
Thank you
I would hope so, please speak out against our POTUS affiliating with dictators.
They should have all been arrested and charged for assault and then immediately deported after a hefty fine
Who invited them?
What consequences will Erdogan's body guards suffer? They should be charged with an assault.
I strongly condemn violence that takes place anywhere..
I am outraged by this. #antifa has opened the door for violence to become acceptable. #whathasbecomeofus
Do you plan to do anything to prevent this from happening in the future?
Then tell your president to stand up to Erdogan about democracy & human rights, not wine & dine that wannabe authoritarian.
PKK terrorist kill us kurds daily, never seen u condeming them? PKK kidnapped kurdish youth to fight for Assad,never seen u condem that
So do I. This is America, not Erdogan's private farm.
Reminds me of liberals
... now watch this drive.
I don't understand why we didn't send the whole entourage including Erdoğan packing in disgrace...B
Call diplomatic immunity very complicated and stupid as hell
Then change the "immunity law"!
When you condemn it I believe you, but I doubt it when I hear someone on the left condemn it... I wonder why
Need to have republicans line up 10 lawyers in front of cameras and say that this is not impeachable 
Then attack the Dems!!
Too bad @POTUS @realDonaldTrump can't muster the same condemnation. Too busy kissing Edrogan's behind.
Am shocked you did not use the words: Islamic violence.
Nothing you say matters anymore. You are a fraud.
Trump will be disappointed you snark his hononered guests.

Erdogan's men - invitees of @realdonaldtrump - attacked DC protesters. #PoliceWeek #RESIST via @VOATurkish 
I strongly condemn the GOP for not supporting the president and putting the Dems in their place, tax reform etc..go to work
Ted Cruz wake up! Get behind our president, stop the dems! They need to be replaced, they don't do a thing!!so why do they get a pay check?
if u want to do something right aresst them
2 F's Given
they need to be removed from the US
Good, more condemning, think more local this time though. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #trumprussia #ComeyMemos
Are the #Erdogan bodyguards being prosecuted or do they have #DiplomaticImmunity 
Do tax reform!
They need to be arrested
Why don't you start showing some real courage and do something about the goon in the White House who allowed it to happen. You are gutless!
Good start, Ted. How about calling it what it is - fascism on US soil by a gov't welcomed by POTUS. Say. The. Words.
You think Trump could have controlled that? DC police have arrested them all but diplomatic immunity and such. Learn your civics
I know all about diplomatic immunity and such. I expect condemnation of the backers, not just the perps.
And I just saw the statement from Cruz in its entirety, and am glad he signed on.  My apologies.
What do you think about the lunatic Trump is going to make Sec. of Homeland Security? He let people die in his prison.
I haven't heard TRUMP denounce the violence, publicly @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible @politico @washingtonpost @nytimes
Well he is kind of Under Siege at the moment, you know the b******* Avalanche
We condemned it when it happened on obamas watch as well.. condemn #anifta #TheResistance #msmlies as well 
Remember this guy?
How about strongly support YOUR parties President?You guys turn on Trump, us long time Republicans vote for the Dem in 2018 and 2020. Thanks
When do you plan to condemn Trump? Asking for a friend ... #TrumpRussia #CleanHouse2018
So ignorant you are. What an embarrassment to our country.
Kick those fuckers out! This is the second time and not the last. No more "strongly worded" tweets.
Wow. You've said so little, but at least you said it strongly. Way to take a courageous, non-position position.
Everyone strongly condemns violence.  Nothing like stating the obvious.
Except the left. The left don't condemn violence
Talk is cheap.  Let's see some action!
Whoooo! Blistering condemnation!
Glad to hear it. No word from Pres. Trump about it.
What about @realDonaldTrump openly praising dictators from around the globe?
So brave
A bit late, but better than never. At least I believe you actually care unlike some of our other politicians.
Those were Trump’s guests.  How about growing some balls, Cruz?
