Nah na nah...

Hitched yourself to a winner for sure! 
Turns out our nation has ALWAYS existed without borders. The exaggerated and excessive fear by isolationists does not justify the &$@!! Wall
You should worry about the what's inside the borders of Alabama. 45th of 50 states with lowest overall ratings.
Great representation Mo...resign!  It's the best thing you can do for your country.
#NationOfImmigrants #Asshole. #GoBackToEurope!
....illegals come in by PLANE and tunnels UNDERGROUND, so we falsely feel safe but THEY know better and so they take advantage of our idiocy
You poor, simple, uneducated fools who want to blame your weakness on immigrants. It's sickening to see old white men think America belongs.
Give me your health care coverage and I'll be glad to see you covered by what you want those with pre-existing conditions to have.
I have friends that are US Border Patrol Agents and they all think that your wall will be useless! Plus it will kill all kinds of animals!
He's part of the demagogue club.
All countries have borders, they just don't build WALLS to prove it. Fool.
Voters in 5th District your Congressman said only people who live good lives should have Affordable Health Care! Vote him Out!
DIMWIT
Trump ponders: "Why did the chicken cross the road?" Maybe to meet Andrew Jackson's slaves? @DMRegister @KCCINews @IowaPublicRadio
The wall is a monument to morons
And yet all nations can exist without walls. #NoWall #Resist #TheResistance
Good thing the majority of us aren't as stupid & gullible as you & the rest of your pathetic party believe. We don't believe your lies!
AND NO NATION CAN EXIST WITHOUT HEALTHY CITIZENS WITHOUT HEALTH CARE  YOU OLD SAGGY DINOSAUR
didnt rome take over 15 countries? congressman brooks hasnt read his books

Not very Christ-like!
Stupidest act ever. Your hatred for Mexicans is greater than your love of USA. US citizens need health care--NOT a damn wall. #GOPHypocrisy
You do realize that El Chapo escaped from prison twice by tunneling under walls, right?

Also, we already have borders.
LOLOL *mic drop*
We have borders. And this is named after a guy who tunneled out of prison. Sounds even stupider than it is.
Saw your comments on Health Care.  You are living proof that GOD does not exist.
Shovel. Ladder. Drug lord submarines. Cyber war. A wall is so 1950s... #WRONGCENTURY
Just wondering if corruption is exempt from the "good life" requirement.
Capital moves, goods move freely across borders. Why can't people?
We only let them when they're willing to get paid almost nothing.
I applaud both of you for #ElChapoAct. A brilliant, elegant piece of puzzle to help solve #border issues. #Wall
A totally unfeasible, unaffordable wall is the opposite of elegant.
We don't care who pays for wall. Savings return by way of border guards, immigration litigation, crime, drug abatement and social services.
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/RepMoBrooks/status/857699340697128960 … (Ranked 26th for Apr 27.)
Building a wall its the most stupid idea, it will not stop drugs or people from coming. Make healthcare aforable for the poor not the rich.
You must impeach the 3 judges that usurped executive authority. Our country is in crisis, in a civil war. These men have to be stopped.
You mean the Russian collaborators?
Love this bill.
@TheMorningSpew @SenTedCruz Mrs Chapo may need that money!
No one knows this better than the Globalist traitors intent on destroying the USA. If America falls the dominoes will follow.
Companion legislation? What's that mean, load up the pork & make a 20 page bill into a thousand page bill? Can't you keep it simple & clean?
we have borders, surprised you didnt know that.
Build the wall. Let mexico keep its problems over there.We got enough with snowflakes
It's pretty warm in Alabama already. Where do you live that is still getting snow?
You're terrible. Seriously. I can't believe people like you exist. In 558 days, you'll be irrelevant.
Do it!!!  Tell Rubio.  I'm in his state.
It's good. Praying that you get it passef
LOL
We have existed for hundreds of years without a border wall. Stop fear mongering
Another white guy thinks he invented something ...
LOLOL by erasing the name of the one who DID come up with it and writing their name in
It's another edison!
Really, come back to the real world.
We have borders. What we don't have is leadership.
Thank you Mr. Brooks.
You're all mind-bogglingly crazy.
Add to Ted's act & ur act that after the wall is done all monies taken will go only to infrastructure- good for Ds & @POTUS @kevincorke TX1
Where exactly are the $14b RIGHT NOW? Which banks? Which properties are in them? You guys are liars...there are no $14 billion!
We have done good to this day. Our Mexico neighbor should not made to feel unwanted. Have work or seasonal visas where they can work.
Please get it passed!
I need a new graphics card... which is much better than a wall. just sayin.
Way to go Mo! There is still a light of hope left in the American way of life. Keep going, we're with you both.
Name a bill to build a wall after a man who tunnelled under a wall? Rich. Plus, no $14 billion has been confiscated. It's in Caymans.
If u don't think we don't need better sec. or stronger borders then be my guest and introduce urself to cartel members and see how that goes
Yet the idiot in chief proposes cutting funding for the Coast Guard. He is the one for less security. Walls are last millinium security.
#trumpisfat
We have a border. I'm sorry, @realDonaldTrump said Mexico is pays for the wall.  $14B won't cover it.  I look forward to not voting for you.
If we confiscated that money, it's our money, not Mexico's. Options: Mexico pays/no wall/new Congressmen next election.
The thing is that prosecutors guesstimated that number out of thin air...there is no inkling of where that $ is right now. Vapor$
Switzerland.
That's the dumbest thing I've heard. we have borders, every country is define by borders.  Do you think America is infinite? Are you high?
I swear this guys are so stupid.
Imagine all the good things that could be done with $14 billion other than building a dumb wall.
You prioritize a useless wall over health care and education. Go to a VA and tell those veterans you value a wall more than them.
Only the extremely ignorant ones.
Just because a person doesn't agree w a damn wall, does not equate to them agreeing w open boarders. Saying it does is ridiculously ignorant
Where did you see my list of issues with it, and where do I mention cost?
https://twitter.com/mattdoucette/status/857315292640313346 …
@RepMoBrooks is as ignorant as trump! Who let these idiots into the GOP?
Calling it EL Chapo Act only encourages murderous drug lords like him...find another title
