How about you tell the truth? It will kill public schools. Ours are 39th in US so guess you don't care. Ask a teacher what they think.
I'm a teacher and I think it's ok.
That is your right. I think it will kill what little support public has in TX. Most of my teacher friends disagree.
I live in South Texas. Many governmental funds are to support bilingual programs. I don't think that's what kids need
Public schools far from perfect. Effort should focus on fixing those. Vouchers will take money from p.s.
. Competition is good. Maybe this is the fuel our public schools need to improve.
The thought that PS will improve by having support shifted to private school is insane.It will leave PS for the poorest.
I have worked in both systems and I see the lack of urgency in PS to accomplish things. C.S. are controversial too.
I'm worried for us homeschoolers, this won't cause havoc for us will it?
I don't think so. The state of Texas does not require any contact with state or local officials. What worries you?
Just making sure we aren't required to participate as homeschoolers.
ah, yes. Good point. I hope not. I love homeschooling.
Same here!
You don't care about a child's education, you care about tax money going to private schools.
its not the governments job to educate our kids
It is, otherwise you would just have a bunch of "schools" that charge $10k/year to indoctrinate kids.
how will you propose low income students get to the desired school.
parents responsibility.
Its not the governments job to educate our kids
We pay taxes for education to be available for all kids & it benefits all to have well educated youth.
still parents responsibility
The civil rights issue is how wrong it is for taxpayer to subsidize religious education against their own.
I'll just leave this here if we're talking about "Civil Rights" and having the "best education."
we support Home school I hope and pray this Pass ..
Parents should be able to CHOOSE the best, most appropriate school for THEIR child(ren).  Their tax $$ should follow the child.
@tedcruz small twins allow school choice already in Tx
Have you seen the stats on schools in the US? Where is Texas ranked?
School choice has always been present.  What you mean is picking my pocket to subsidize private schools.
then quit ruining what once was the best public education in the US.
all the schools in the "right" zip codes have no interest in outsiders.  How are you going the fix that one big guy?
No, our PUBLIC schools ALL deserve to be the best.Why are you ok allowing them to fail?
School choice is about selling your nation's childrens' education to corporations. Your lies are transparent.
Except the ones that can't afford the commute. Check your privilege.
No vouchers!  Listen to the people you were elected to represent.
he is! We want vouchers!
U are 1 of a few.  Moved 2 my city because of the district, don't want over populated schools.
thinking about that shouldn't every school be well managed & staffed so whatever zip code ur in Texans have excellent schools ?
yes but teachers union blocks getting rid of bad teachers
agreed why teacher unions as to this area needs to be ratified for the children best interest VS the teacher
nice TX governor attends anti-public school protest.  No wonder public school employee morale is low - no support from Austin
You are trying to destroy education in this state . You do not get to pretend otherwise .
need to get control of nutty teachers with water guns!
Public tax dollars should not go to private schools...PERIOD!
@SenTedCruz Opposite World, where stealing from public schools to send privileged to charter schools is championing civil rights
Respectfully, I do not want my tax dollars going to private/religious schools. Fix our schools, don't steal their resources.
I don't want my tax dollars going to public school
Will all schools have to meet the requirements and standards of public schools?
so basically you agree that schools are funded disproportionately by zip code?! Why don't we fix THAT instead of vouchers!?!?
it's not about funds, it's about ideology. Public schools need to change their paradigma
failure to fulfill constitutional obligation to #PublicEducation/#PublicSchools is the actual civil rights issue #txlege
its not the governments job to educate our kids
@mayes_middleton SCHOOL CHOICE IS A TROJAN HORSE. IT GROWS GOVT AND FUNDS ILLEGALS. #NOTCONSERVATIVE
Good public education is a civil right in the state of Texas. Putting taxpayer money in private institutions not so much.
@tedcruz Why divert resources from public schools? Other than to ensure that public schools fail, of course.
its not the governments job to educate our kids
Not in 3d world countries. 1st world nations provide citizens quality education to prepare 4 future.
don't forget to add "if your kids got a disability, they can be denied from Charter/private schools" #StopLying #VoteNo
This is such a fallacy you are spreading Greg.  There is no room in the "better" schools in Texas! Texas sucks thx 2 Perry & you.
Why are my tax dollars going to private school entitlements? Are you some kind of Big Government Socialist?
then TX should properly & effectively fund our local schools, instead of continually reducing funding. PLEASE keep local control
We don't want it!
we being teacher's union? Parents want it!!
Not this parent
really? even the poor zip codes? Get ALL public schools to excel academically. Privatized education is a disservice to society.
@SenTedCruz Hey, Ted, what about the civil rights of women who chosse to have abortions?
you'll go down as the absolute worst governor of #Texas. #Shame on you for consistently creating barriers for all. @TXlege
no he won't because this is what parents want!
right so you're gonna make sure the lowest performing/poorest students get into all the nice suburb schools, yes?
its not the governments job to educate our kids
therefor it is in the public interest for our collected funds to go towards making sure we all can read
your debating a governor.
Teach your own kids.
then reject Betsy DeVos
lunb mc
I do believe that would be a form of communism.
it IS a civil rights issue - one opposed by the NAACP
@Charlie2749 
The NEA has monopolized public education and must be stopped.
Charter Schools are a must. My granddaughter was bullied by teacers and staff...not students. I'm homeschooling her. Sad! Help!
fund our public schools adequately FIRST!
@SenTedCruz So as a public school educator, this explains the anti-public school education funding
The pub. schools are getting robbed of needed $ as it is!! Pay the teachers, why do you whittle away at our ed. system??
@tedcruz in Canada the amount per student is equal no mater your zip code In the US the schools are stripped down
Amen.
I met you at a TSTC event. I've been a huge proponent of yours. If you support vouchers, you loose my support. #novouchers
Keep your hands off our public schools that you don't even correctly fund!
Best education without propaganda is public schools -vouchers? so who is accountable for quality and equal education for all?
Explain how school choice is a civil rights issue.
If parents don't have to pay for public schools, then people who don't have kids shouldn't be paying at all.
l'm OK with you
And apparently making disadvantaged schools better is not even a consideration? Never learned critical thinking, eh?
choice is always better!
Glad to see you know we need the best education for all. So fund public schools. The only schools that serve all.
No it isn't.
this a legal way to go back to segregation ,thanks trump.
I'm4 REAL COMPETITON/CHOICE but corp takeover so they can get their hands on all that money no better/cld B worse thn bad gov run
.@GovAbbott @tedcruz It is also a state's rights issue.
Too bad the governor and Lt. Dan don't have the courage to stand up and speak FOR teachers in PUBLIC SCHOOLS!
@SenTedCruz : what will happen to public schools when all their funds are taken by charters.
as long as it doesn't step on the civil rights of others
Absolutely correct! Thank you for promoting the opportunity to excel for those who truly desire and appreciate it.

Deplorable Joe Straus & others hear may oppose or block legislation to make school choice a realtiy. #civilright #TX
Yeah let's move the burden of education from state to the parents, that'll take care of the problem.
Attaboy Gov!
And we already have charter schools. So have school choice. Married to a teacher, he does more good for them than you ever will.
Civil rights issues are Human Rights issues, like #gay marriage and #sanctuarycities You are killing us.
@FoxNews @foxnation  Absolutely! Freedom at any level for everyone, that's what Americans want.
, You are so right every child in Texas and all across America have that right and now  will be possible with our new President.
Our public schools need to be properly funded. Instead, you starve them while paying Pearson $90 mill for a faulty test.
TX ranks 43/50 for school funding. TX Republicans are to blame. You can't ride in on vouchers claiming to save what you broke.

LIAR! As a man in a wheelchair you esp. should acknowledge that DeVos doesn't know or accept IDEA as federal law.
I could not agree more - our education system is dismal failure, we need change so badly!
So why don't U make public schools "the best" U have #Failed the taxpayers w/ UR lousy public schools
you're lying. You cut education bc you don't want public education to succeed. You're a white supremacist that hates civil rights
no Greg, the school system is doing great. We've educated generations in that system and it continually improves.
you got transportation plans for all those kids?
things that school choice will do: make schooling a function of zip code. I'm a Texas voter, a veteran and went to public school
@barbiesewandsew every zip code should have the best education.  Why do you spend all the money bandaiding?
This pisses the libs off because they raise prices in places to keep their "riff raft" out of their schools.
@tedcruz My 5 year old does not appreciate your flushing his quality public education away.
no one does frankly- those kids grow up and the rest of us deal w them - they vote.
