Proud to join @RoyBlunt @JohnCornyn @SenatorLankford to intro Federal Disaster Assistance Nonprofit Fairness Act. http://bit.ly/2hfkKm5 
How many millions are you setting aside for @JoelOlsteen, so he can further line his pockets? How much is he giving you?
Anyone see Rev Dollars new jet?
Then they can pay taxed
Great idea. For freedom and caring
All religious organizations? Or just the ones you believe in?
Sounds like welfare Ted. Make up your fucking mind. Can these churches not just pull their selves up by the boot straps?
That would be dandy if they start paying taxes. Repeal and replace Lyin Ted in 2018!
Of course I'm sure "pastors" like Joel Osteen need reimbursement for jetting between mansions to oversee their good works.
Guarantee you those little Churches are doing it out of Charity , they won't be asking for money
No Thumper - they shouldn't.
As soon as they are taxed like the businesses that fund that relief fund.
Sure Ted give them more money on top of all the no tax they pay. How much of a kickback from this will you get?
No they should not!
Then they should pay taxes. Simple.
You idiots! Who the fuck do you think you are? Our constitution mandates separation of church and state. Govt undue influence result.
Ok, then tax religious organizations.

Don't believe anything lying ted has to say
Then tax them.
They should also pay taxes!
They don't pay taxes, not for profits do.  Churches deserve no federal money as long as they do not pay taxes
Churches get free assistance, but still not supporting affordable health care for tax paying voters? Paying out for people who don't pay in?
They don't pay taxes Ted!
Galloway schools - Friendswood Tx still needs help! "If God brings you to it, He will bring you through it." #GallowayStrong #GallowayFamily
No!
Just as soon as the pony up their taxes.
More campaign rhetoric from TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz who let over 100,000 Veterans die waiting to see doctor or be admitted for treatment
Religious organizations need to be investigated for ties to terrorist organizations and shut down for helping them
You mean if one of their billion dollar mansions is damaged the tax payers should foot the bill? HELL NO! Let their believers pay for it
No they should not.
Especially if they paid taxes...
All organizations should be taxed, be it sports, churches, or charities. Fair is fair, if you bring in money for any reason, you get taxed.
As long as they start to pay taxes...
NOT sure; religious organizations can be for profit; not the same thing. If they are truly non profit then ; lots  priests, Vatican...
Sure when they pay taxes 
Until then NOPE
@seculardotorg
So institutions that don't pay taxes should get federal dollars if they need it, but we need to deport imigrants that do pay taxes????
Well if they paid taxes....
How about no
Non-profits ....tax exempt and entitled? If true, then I agree 100%...although might prefer neither tax exempt nor religious get tax $$
No. "Congress shall make no laws respecting an establishment of religion". Forget that sentence, Teddy? Let their god take care of them.
it's called property coverage insurance.
You tell them Cruz. And tax the shit out of them too!!!
As soon as they pay taxes, they can get tax dollars.
Disaster relief is great, so you are going to turn around and vote for repeal of ACA and replace with death sentence to millions?
I'm a pantheist but I don't see you expanding funding for the environment. Are my religion and church not legitimate to you?
Will you also be funding Mosques?  Temples?  Satanic Temples?  Or just Christian churches?
THEY SHOULD ALSO PAY TAXES LIKE THE REST OF US DO
1st amendment separates church and state.
No they are specifically tax exempt  no fed funds unless they choose to join hard working taxpayers. unconstitutional
Sure, when they pay taxes.
Churches don't pay taxes.  Taxing them would generate over $70 Billion in revenue.
Religious institutions need to pay taxes.
No taxes, no help. Of course that would mean a lot of people wouldn't get federal help!
That is because they r going to start paying taxes like everyone else. 
Churches r NOT non-profits. Churches preach how to vote, must end
Absolutely not, Senator.  They don't pay taxes.  They ride on our dime.  Start taxing churches, then sure.
Just because you're fake religious doesn't mean the rest of us need to pay for your beliefs. They don't pay taxes, they don't get benefits.
We should fully fund relief agencies instead.
And your religion is... porn?
No, they need to pay into the system.
they already get federal assistance. It's called NO TAXES.
Or oh look I'm pandering to the Christians because they are the only people gullible enough to vote for me
TED YOUR RIGHT OUR CHURCHES ARE THE BACKBONE OF AMERICA! JUST BC THEY DONT PAY ANY TAXES DOESNT MEAN THEY SHOULDNT GET FEDERAL MONEY! #MAGA!
why?
Then we should tax the churches. Fairs fair
Not being a Christian you wouldn't understand charity.  But most real Religions are not expecting to get paid back.
No no no no no no no no NO
Accuse minorities of mooching off the government and not paying taxes while allowing churches to do exactly that. Got it. 
Nice try.
Naw dawg
Can you post more info on what this is exactly?
Yea after they start paying taxes!! #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
No, religious institutions need to pay taxes to reap the benefits.  #nobodyridesforfree
Perhaps they should pay taxes if they want the benefit of those taxes?
ROs already reap benefits from our system by not paying taxes.  It's their duty to help out people and communities when there is need.

As long as you include mosques and synagogues
