From Declaration of Independence to final victory:

 USA—1,933 days (1776-1781)
✪ Texas—50 days (Mar-Apr 1836)
Kings army > Mexican army
A nascent republic > thirteen established colonies plus France
Picture I took at San Jacinto on Texas bi-centennial celebration.
Great pic.
I have about 8 rolls of Kodachrome
There's a song about that..
LOLOLOL... yellow rose?
Most do know the Yellow Rose of Texas story.
Yep, no pics but she musta been purdy. Lol
LOL. Hey... it kept him busy right before the battle.
It actually happened in the #afternoon #times while #SantaAnna and his #men were having a #siesta
@MAF_CAT  And the Native Americans? 
A four hour battle. 31/2 hours were spent chasing down running Mexicans. And finding General Santa Ana disguised as a private. Coward!!
Americans invaded Texas, in the end there were more Americans than Mexicans, and wanted to secede, from a land that wasn't their own!!
Did u know that the Texas Dec of Ind calls 4 the right of undocumented of migration so that families can b united? Let's live up 2 that 2day
i see !!!!
http://us.amanzee.com/u/lexi?tab=single-photo-view&title=P.+Lexi+Rakis&description=Boston%2C+Massachusetts&fbImage=https%3A%2F%2Fs-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com%2F736x%2F84%2Ffb%2F29%2F84fb296c5d5850e22409d3d3bc294258.jpg …
Texas forever!
Never back a Texan up to a bayou and then take a nap  Great Memorial there
Mighty good at gerrymandering, apparently.
Texans make up Texas - not politicians. Battle of San Jacinto is a reminder that Texans don't give up, keep fighting for what u believe in.
The pols are Texans too though, right?
Yes, all that Pennsylvania pride you hear about... oh wait... guess not.
Plenty of pride thanks. Also realism. Keep sticking your head in the sand though. Nothing to see here! No problems!
Pennsylvania is 43rd if facts matter to you.
And Texas threw off its Catholic Christian chains that prohibited them from owning slaves!
From Tennessee: God Bless Texas!
Happy Jacinto Day
Thank God I was born in TEXAS! But all y'all that came later, welcome! Don't screw it up!
Say that to the many Californians that have come into the state, with their Hollywood values…
That's who I'm talking to! And from any other socialist paradise! Leave the leftist crap back home!  We're full up here!
"You are welcome, sincerely, Tennessee."
“You may all go to hell and I will go to Texas.” Davy Crockett said this angrily after losing his Tennessee bid for the U.S. Congress.
Oh, for those blissful years when we weren't in the same country as California. God that must have been nice...

qué cara más dura!
REMEMBER THE ALAMO,,,,BENGHAZI,,FAST N FURIOUS,,LOIS LEHRNER,,"I HAVE A PEN AND A PHONE",, "WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE.
Happy Birthday Texas!
god bless Texas!
Remember the Alamo!
And we still keep shoving them back.
Texas, my home.
@tannerlevesque when's Moore-Hill day?
And we could do it again if called on!
And later squandered it by joining the union. Had they known what it would be like in the 2000s they might have thought twice
God bless Texas
God bless JR
Texas sure are a touchy bunch.
Celebrating victory in the fight against Mexico to preserve slavery in Texas.
REMEMBER THE ALAMO!
And victory at San Jacinto! #OTD 1836 #TXforever
...thank you Lord for letting me be a Texan...& thank you for our great state & our fierce independence that will never cease...
That's TEXAS and that's how we roll
What a topic to bring up.. Now just how many of those who fought were fighting for their Independence, and how many were really US Citizens?
All were fighting for freedom and liberty. Many were Mexican, many were American. All won. All still celebrate Texas independence.
"Texas is a republic of outlaws under a loose alliance with the United States."  - Pete Gent  
#sanjacintoday
#love my independence but the liberals are trying to take it away but then God is on my side who dare be against me (no one)
You can thank a liberal Tennessean for your state.  Stop with the weak rhetoric and be thankful.
"Thanks, Tennessee."
Happy San Jacinto Day from San Jacinto, California =)
100s of years ago white people illegally immigrated into another country and then fought to steal the land....in other news....
Along with latinos. Fighting for liberty and against oppression from the countries of their origin. Noble causes, one and all.
in a whole 18 minute battle they sent Mexicans running everywhere
Thank you for reminding me of the great history of Texas!
@SenTedCruz  Yeah Texas  We stand on our own.
BUILD THE WALL!
If you cross the border to go Mexico the immigrate send you back USA. You are illegal immigrants. Will You like send you back to USA
That is true all stop lies
I hope it can keep it! Americans, we must take our country back.
Yes, Happy San Jacinto day! Texas, the greatest state in the Union.

Hell yeah.
I say its time for Texit. Lone live the Lone Star Nation! Secced Secced!
And how did that work out for us?
Keep Texas strong
Release trumps taxes
Unseal obama's records first.
Fine with me. Hurry up.
Remember the Alamo! 
Yee-haaa!! 
Wait...
Texans immigrated to Mexico then rebelled against it after refusing to abide by their no-slavery policy. Such a proud moment for America.
I still want you and Rubio to team up! Prez and VP!!
Rubio never be come to be President we will let him come to be President
Love you Cruz! Keep up the good work!
True freedom fighters Sam Houston wasa great men kids should learn about him !
They are supposed to in 7th grade history  in Texas at least.
We did that! We built this! Texas our Texas!
GOD BLESS TEXAS
Texas is still fighting the political battle to keep it out of the hands of illegal Mexicans
No thanks to Bernie Sanders
Yes and always "Remember the Alamo"!
Time to do it again
What started as Americas immigrating to Mexico. At least Mexican immigrants are more loyal to the country they are immigrating to.
Love that Sam Houston...
... and almost immediately started begging to be let into the U.S....
I'd rather celebrate this day than Cinco de Mayo
Says the proud racist
God Bless Texas
So good! Santa Ana fancied himself the 'Napoleon of the West' so Sam Houston studied Wellington's approach.
And its people gained the right to own slaves, the animating issue of the revolution.
And that issue was settled 27 years later and no one in the state owns slaves now so let it go.
