@smokesangel  repeal it. We can take care of ourselves.  Do we need gov to buy our car insurance?
yes, gov't mandates that you have it. Gov't regulates it. Just like ACA.
I buy my own   In all cases it is competition that drives decision.  Gov does not drive my decision
Some of us can't afford it on our own. Too expensive
let the free market work when repeal and replace is done. It will be affordable!
No photo op with the patriots who show up and beg you to not rob them of healthcare?
who's begging? You will be if no repeal and replace.
That made literally no sense.
I always make sense.
As long as you think so.
it's because I do my homework 
That doesn't mean the things you say make sense. The words you used in the order you used them did not convey a clear message.
So clarify, back up your statement, or leave.
thank you for being so kind to Sharon #cruzcrew forever 
what about the many who have come by to tell you to #SaveACA
he explains why repeal and replace is better and it is!
not with the current bill
not with current bill what
the current republican bill is much worse than ACA
A "Patriot" fights for America against an enemy. They don't propose taking healthcare from 10s of millions of Americans. #TrumpsAmerica #SAD
nowhere in the constitution does it say healthcare is a right.
Yes, god forbid we join every other western nation and take care of our citizens. You keep fighting the good fight! #Embarrassing #GOP
government control of healthcare is unconstitutional. It's is NOT a right. Give power to states and free market.
Hmm... How is the government in charge of my health care? Does my doc work for the govt?! Please explain!
our taxpayer money is being used plus the mandates are controlled by the gov. I.e.: u get fined without/have 2 report to IRS
So the actual medical care is not provided by the government, it's still controlled by the insurance companies, right?
this is why there would be laws in place just like auto/home insurance companies.
these poor people will all be w/o insurance soon. Hope they will come back to your office again
you don't know these people. Stop judging 
just stop
just go
How about repealing #NATO arming of #terrorists in Syria?
that too!
I've never seen so many uncomfortable white people in one room
racist much?
No thanks but you have fun with that :)
Honored 2 meet a warrior 4 America! impressed he came 2 meet us, look each person in the eyes & listen. Prayers for him & family
yes he does. #tedcruz cares
plz Mr Cruz.... its against the people. fight ins cos and med cos to get cost down
give power to states and open market tondrive costs down. Full repeal and replace.
comrade @SenTedCruz  I dont see  patriots in wheelchairs eg Vets - you are so tainted by Trump corruption @dallasnews @TXlege @HoustonChron
umm most of us were military families 
How much did you pay these patriots
we go because we care. Geez. Next excuse? 
There will be around 18 million fewer people with health coverage next year. Good job they're not patriots.
not true. Read the plan and do homework. If you would you would know ACA is a reuse
that's so unchristian of you 
Comrade @SenTedCruz you will go down with this battle- it's lost-it's over @dallasnews @HoustonChron @statesman @TXlege  @txdemocrats
wrong 
ComradeCruz $3.2m from big pharma to get elected #resist
you are wrong. Do homework.
Did you ask them what they'll do without health insurance?
there will be health insurance. Good grief. Read the plan 
Can we get testimonials from each of them on how they've been harmed by ACA?
sure. 
Start. I have time. Remember I can read and do math. Things like the rate of premium growth don't terrify me.
 
What about Russia? Taxes? What are you hiding from.  Constituents will remember in 2018.
@GmorganJr loved your speech at the rally yesterday, still  a little bitter we don't have a President Cruz
ditto. I wrote in Ted.
Did you show for your constituents  town halls
the Am. People no longer want Ocare repealed by large %ge. Why keep a promise that is no longer wanted by majority of Americans?
.Replace it with something better. We are counting on you. #obamacare
have a town hall Lyin Ted and hear what some of your constituents have to say. You coward
please support the President
just realized the whole thing.
#repealandreplace Obamacare ONLY!
Looking at pic & thinking like insurer: charge the women more than men..increase rate 4 age & BMI..don't sell to anyone pregnant
but not thanking the hundreds that protest against it? Hmmmm
not enough to get your reelected
STOP BLOCKING THE REPEAL OF OBAMACARE YOU TRAITOR! Tow the party line or SHUT UP and GET OUT! KNAVE!
You are my senator. Please also consider listening to your thousands of patriots that don't want this. You represent all of us.
You didn't let in the 24 million who want to keep it, did you...?
repeal and put all Trumps thoughts in the new plan now, not later.......
I see quite a few preconditions in that crowd. Good luck in bankruptcy when the crap coverage plans come back,
you obviously don't understand how the free market works. 
what about all your constituents who pose repeal and replace?
repeal ted!!! Photos of your fav constituents what about the ones protesting you, the ones that are mad at u, frowning at u
Lying Ted @POTUS words not mine, would you allow folks that support the ACA to stop by your office? Doubt it.
Sen Cruz listens to everyone. Why so negative anyway and stop name calling. It makes you appear tiny.
We have tremendous amount of faith in you. Looked at this like facets on a diamond. We need a total repeal with safety valves.
Looks like your staff or a bunch of ignorant hicks from Texas.
You know that ties are supposed to stop before the trousers, right? Or does Trumpski compel you to wear his Chinese made ones?
if your office was near Round Rock, Texas, I'd stop by and say fix it, NOT repeal. Election 2018 you're out.
nice try paid for killary troll 
hope that old lady has her finances in order.
Thank you.
. Your support of true evil will never be forgotten.
all 14 of them. How many people are in you district. Sad
I bet there was more people outside protesting it.
no there was t. It was all people asking to repeal and replace. It was powerful!
...True patriots don't want any part of the NANNY STATE. They just want the LIBERTY to live their lives as they see fit.
Put a bill up that if Universal Healthcare is passed in some form, ALL government employees must be on it. Problem solved.
way to go Patriots
How many of them will die when they lose their coverage?
"0" 
Isn't that what President Trump is doing?????
Compare that to Tom Cotton's town hall. Go ahead, get rid of healthcare.
I've been to your austin office, we weren't even allowed upstairs to tell you what we thought. #TownHall
Where are the pictures of patriots standing up for COUNTRY and the FUTURE? You know. The ones who disagree with you.
the Rally today was Sponsored by Breibart #nofascistusa 
No American morals scary guy
not true. You obviously don't know #freedomworks
Why do you have to replace though - please explain to American people that part, repeal & free markets works for me.
it's gov run and needs to be an open market to drive costs down for one.
By repealing 0bamacare it will no longer be government run health insurance, let the free markets take over.
that's exactly what needs to be done. 
I love Texas patriots! They have similarly defined physiques to me.  TRUMP!
They aren't patriots, they are just idiots who agree with you.
Senator please make sure seniors are not left out or zover charged because of health Issues
TY Senator
FULL REPEAL! Then bill to reduce healthcare costs. Medicare for hospitalization, economic transparency, interstate ins
We will Repeal & Replace you and the republican congress upcoming  elections.
You're mad at Yes? He's fighting for you and then return your gratitude is to spit his face? You're pathetic
Might have to let Obamacare fail further first.  It's politics.
Senator Cruz, Americans are in desperate need of decent Healthcare & the DEMS. continue their Jihadis assault on Trump! HELP HIM
What's wrong with Obamacare anyway? How is Trumpcare going to be better?
Ryancare you mean? It's the same as ocare but diet version.
REPEAL!
Why don't you have a townhall?
