Under #Obamacare the avg family’s annual premiums have   by $5k+. The Insurance mandates are a primary factor. http://bit.ly/2mhycez 
on the contrary allowing young healthy people to opt out and leaving only sick to be insured will make premiums unaffordable
So you would force the young and healthy to pay up?
Yes, just like we force them to pay into Medicare.
Medicare and social security... because those systems are working so well! They're both failing systems that require population growth!
You see THAT"S HOW INSURANCE WORKS-
you aren't FORCED to buy any other kind of insurance. We don't subsidize car insurance. So no.
but who pays if you don't have insurance? If you get sick?Who pays if u don't have car insurance
YOU do. There is a thing called personal responsibility. Government shouldn't be your parent or god
Not hardly true. Not remotely true. Enrolling young healthy people lowers the risk overall, which lowers premiums. Learn.
You mean the people who are still being covered by their parents until they are 26?
Those folks once they turn 26, yes. The Young Invincibles.
Why not before 26 then? What is so magical about 26?
Not sure how they picked that age as when kids are on their own for health insurance. 21 would make more sense.
I think anywhere between 18 to 21 is sufficient. However, we are also told that these "kids" can't pay for college so how can we demand this
Lying Ted at it again. This people just want to take health care away. They will say anything to give the money to the rich.
not sure where you live but we already have indigent care in Texas and have 4 a Long time. Don't need DC help!!
By the way my dear friend, I leave here in Texas. We need to start thinking about making the world a better place for generations
OK, lead by example, where will you receive better healthcare than in the state of Texas? Who funds Houston medical center?
That don't mean I should go broke when I'll. You trying to tell me the insurance companies funds medical center? Access for all.
no, and maybe Harris County is different but the Gold Card plan allows every RESIDENT of Harris County access to healthcare.
community owned healthcare system. 2016 received $635m in tax dollars to provide indigent care. What am I missing?
well, you had your chance, dincha Ted. Too bad y'all can't get it together.
I don't trust you Cruz! You are holding a grudge and you can't be trusted! I predict you won't be elected!
And if you vote to pass this horrific GOP bill (if it gets to the Sen) YOU will be responsible for the dire outcomes. Stand up!
Until Congress is on the same healthcare as the American people, healthcare will remain broken. Repeal Obamacare in its entirety
Did not see where you implemented control of premiums charged by insurance cos? See chart- the AHCA  tax credits the $ made. Why Lie???
The mandates have to go or this will be for nothing.
So covering pre-existing conditions should go too? It would be nice if any of you actually understood how any of it works.
not 1 dem read Obama care before.passimg it. It doesn't work. Pre existing cond remains in new bill
Keep your promise to #repeal Obamacare, #noexcuses! Govt has no business in healthcare except to fix regulatory problems.
please dismantle unconstitutional obamacare insurance program.
Get rid of the mandates.  Anytime the Govt. passes something it never goes away, but forcing us to buy or be fined, is bullshit.
if this Bill doesn't pass we will no longer be rep. VOTE FOR IT! YOU HAVE A DUTY TO HELP FIX HEALTH CARE FOR AMERICANS
Oh Sir really? Will your plan give MORE or Less people the coverage they have today- cheaper? This is just a Tax break for 5%
Ted, must end ALL mandates 4 market 2 work. End Pre-existing cond, age 26 etc. If block grant/separate cost. Ins prices TUMBLE.
How old are you? That's how it was prior to ACA.  Premiums skyrocketed, lack of coverage, etc. Did not work. Stay healthy r die
Almost. My premiums from 235/qtr, to 600/mth under #ACA De-mandate, de-antitrust (allow nationwide plans) prems, costs plummet
But must put pre existing into separate Gov subsidized plan THEN we know true cost to taxpayers then back to 235/qtr for healthy
Ins.cos. consider everything to be pre existing condition. If you ever filled Rx, went to Dr. Does not just mean cancer etc
What Ins Co consider pre ex not the point, statute can carve that as they see fit. You're  losing forest thru trees.
Why have insurance if it covers so little? US healthcare expense/outcome ratio underperforms other countries
I give up. You are lost in weeds.
total repeal, then start putting it together
How about we all get the MoC healthcare plan, which subsidizes 70% of your monthly premium?  Your benefits far exceed the value you provide.
work to improve the #ACA, or as you call it Obamacare, it's a solid frame work with many advantages.
improving the #ACA is what you would do if you actually cared about the country more than the party...
except that's not the cost born directly to families since they're subsidized. Increases also lower than historical increase.
But if GOP breaks healthcare provider price monopoly, insurance companies would offer lower prices in a free mkt environment.
Listen to the doctor in KANSAS.
Contact Sean Hannity for his phone #.
Does this account  for the 1 who went up 100k, while the other 99 experienced none at all??
As @VP I commend @SenTedCruz for  people from healthcare for not  and your  emoji use
@bawlaw99 well the #POTUS says your a lier so we don't believe you
So says the Senator from the state with most uninsured- that's right we pay for UR insurance-U have Good Insurance #GoldStarDad
We don't want Government in our HealthCare.   TOTAL REPEAL w/ no replace.  Give us our old insurance back.
you created this mess by obstructing and acting treasonous. Now you want to make it worse killing seniors, disabled, the poor.
tell us again how much you get paid by big pharma ? $3.2 million ?tell us again how Trumpcare better than Obamacare ? @txlege
stay strong! #FullRepeal!
So you're okay with elderly folks dying because they can't afford a 700% increase to their premium. You have no soul.
how will ending the mandate get premiums down? How will you get healthy people to sign up?
Thursday vote: dead on arrival
Full Repeal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We have ur back...get it done.
imagine the day you won't be reelected by your constituents.
FULL REPEAL W/RESULTS
this plan is awful.
Let's not forget the GOP cutting the insurance safety net to 13%, that had a lot to do with premium increases.
Premiums have BEEN too high for too long. Lose individual mandate too. Govt has no right to force people too buy anything.
I can't decide if you're pure evil or just stupid #LoseCruz2018
Or no one will have insurance. If they can't afford it when they're healthy, they definitely won't afford it if they get sick.
True. But if we go with your  plan, ins will compete for young/healthy and play hot-potato with everyone else.
Keep speaking out Senator Cruz we are listening to you.
come up with a plan that works then. It's easy to be critic. Be the man in the arena.
Lease show a Govt program that has driven down costs.
Also hows that nasty bullying working for u with trump "Lying Ted" suits u now.
Teddy a senior making around 25k under #Trumpcare will pay more than half of what they make 14k to have HC does that work 4 u
What about Russia? Taxes? Constituents will remember at the polls? @GOP cowards.
Ted, I am concerned that 50+ rates are even going to get higher! And that's not what the voters want! Make it right! Please!
Lyin' Ted Cruz
all they really need to do is get out of the way. Oversight yes, mandates, NO. Fed. Govt need to get out of the insurance biz.
how about guaranteeing health care for everyone like decent human beings. Why is everything in  for profit?
I don't understand how a blanket coverage of pre-existing conditions (without conditions) can ever be affordable!
It won't matter the cost of the premium if you have NO insurance! One inpatient stay can cost upwards of 85k.
THERE is the problem. It's not a Healthcare issue or an insurance issue, it's all about COST. WTH does DC know about it?
@THETXEMBASSY thought they were repealed with new bill??
How? How are the mandates the cause of increased premiums?
MONOPOLIES!! My County only has ONE supplier, used to have 10. That's why ACH was all about from jump street.
Really? The goal was to limit options?
Under 45 higher premiums, lower coverage
it's not the insurance. It is the opacity of the ENTIRE SYSTEM! Think college costs and Gov't 'assistance'.
You won't see Ted arguing that MDs and hospitals make their prices available up front. He HATES consumers.
anyone who believes that republicans will provide better healthcare at a lower cost is just plain stupid.
just go to universal healthcare, which works amazingly in dozens of countries. Remove the profit from healthcare. You suck.
under 8 years of republican obstructionism, 70 billion taxpayer dollars were thrown away, to make Obamacare look bad
The only fiscally conservative plan is Universal Healthcare. Bonus! It's best for we the people as well. :)
Republicans did EVERYTHING they could to undermine and undercut the ACA. They put $$$$ over people every time. #WealthCare #PayMoreForLess
redistribute your own wealth!! Leave mine the hell alone. I'll donate to a charity hospital or clinic if I WANT to.
They love you. They make soooo much money off of people who vote to pay the middle man.
Keep fighting Ted! No pain No gain! This is a battle for our culture!
@AppSame @TuckerCarlson
Admit to Public/Voters that these time delays are UNNECESSARY+contrived SOLELY FOR RE-ELECTION SCHEDULE
we want LOW cost for Seniors. NO mandate,  NO  CADILLAC tax,  NO BENEFITS FOR ILLEGALS. Low income Seniors DESERVE Lowest cost.
#Obamacare is like a forced tax that we didn't vote for, but were forced to pay for.  It doesn't work.
REQUIRING INSURANCE COMPANIES TO ACTUALLY COVER THINGS IS TOTAL #TYRANNY!
I have no insurance my premium would have been over $1800 per month. REPEAL AND REPLACE NOTHING
insurance companies are not going to lower rates they're in it to make every dime they can no matter who they hurt just like GOP
No the mandates were not strong enough to get enough people insured to spread the risk.  The lack of Medicare expansion hurt too
, Your political career is over! Gave up family honor to kiss Trump's ass! What price did you get for it? 30 pieces of silver?
Better to have insurance company sell a useless product to people like in past. Caveat Emptor may not be best healthcare plan
Claiming AHCA needs to pass now, knowing Phase 3 never will, is a lie we won't swallow! #FullRepeal nothing more...
FULL REPEAL
@realDonaldTrump @SecPriceMD @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader  @VP  Time to listen to each other and UNITE!
u be confused with Trump care my man.
add opposed to the AHCA where seniors will not be able to afford ANY premium. You are just a party shill. Sad!
No - Ted Cruz must oppose the bill! He knows it will destroy Texans financially. He's doing the thing. #VoteNoAHCP
Or... you could undo the damage the @GOP did when they screwed up the risk corridors and lower costs for everyone?
thanks to the GOP removing the risk corridor. Your new "plan" is nothing more than a tax cut for the wealthy.
or keep them & encourage healthy people to join and they will come down. Stop discouraging ppl & scaring ins cos #AHCA #crap
Stop discouraging people? Really? Like the GOP who ran ADS on TV to discourage people from purchasing insurance under the ACA? Like that?
so let's just take away coverage for 24 millions people instead right? Loser
$could be saved if the CEO's of ins co-- like Aetna's who made $17M last year- PAID TAXES THEY STAND TO GAIN BIGLY from Trcare
We definitely have a long way to go to find the right fit.
Add in $1000s in deductibles+Copays & What % #ObamaCare Holders ever had Insurer pay a Penny?-DEMAND COST to PAY OUT PROFILE RPT
EFFICACY vs. BURDEN for #ObamaCare needs PROPER EPIDEMIOLOGIC STATISTICAL ANALYSIS.Cost worthy for results otherways attained?
@AppSame @WSJ @JudicialWatch @ACLJ @MayoClinic @NIH @HHSIDEALab @POTUS @USCBO @rushlimbaugh @ericbolling @TuckerCarlson @slone
You trashed #obamacare and the #gop replacement is opposed by the #aarp and the #ama. Estimated 24 million people unenrolled.
you don't understand how insurance works, do You? Sad!
promise was, better care for all at lower price, Trumpcare fails to deliver on promise
its funny how the trumpsters think their rates went DOWN due to "Trumpcare" when it was thanks to @POTUS44
R u on ACA if not tell us how do u know what it does R u making Decisions. I pay my lights, go to Doctor, or pay for medicines??
great.  I'll cancel my car insurance and homeowners insurance as well.  When disaster strikes, I'll get emergency assistance
Except premiums will continue rising after the AHCA is passed, at least initially, and you don't seem to care how many will lose
Ted, would you please just get on the reconciliation team train! Please! ! Let's get it done.
repeal.  Then replace
Amen Sen. Cruz. Givem hell.
Have to scrap whole thing!
. Really counting on you, @SenMikeLee, and @RepMarkMeadows to talk some sense into your colleagues. #FullRepeal
Yep.
y'all need to get on the Ins. companies, they are a huge part of the costs going !!!
Then how would assholes like McCain and Schumer fund their campaigns?
No NoNo
Men without integrity compassion wisdom plus liars are unacceptable leaders
actually the mandate brings down the cost of coverage, that's basic insurance knowledge. The more ppl have it the lower it is.
If that true how come my ins went up 35% every year for last 4 ys. Stop believing the Dem BS ask anybody on it
I'm not saying tweaks aren't important, but car insurance is likened to this, we'd not be able to afford it.
We don't need Ins. What we need is care how come the politicians can't give people what they get we pay for them ???
We shd sue Obama for false promises made on campaign trail since Obama judge set new standard on Trump EO.
Health insurance is the opposite of health care.
Read the CBO grading on AHCA, liar.
Can you get rid of mandates without 60 votes?
