.@POTUS’ suspension of BLM Red River surveys is a victory for #Texas. https://www.cruz.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=3095 …
Comrade @tedcruz Under Obama, healthcare,eco protection,education for all,financial crash recovery,growing jobs/economy etc etc r u serious?
Show how bad Obama was. Maybe no one will notice how incompetent the Prez and crew are as well as sneaky Congress is
Using eminent domain to seize land to build a useless wall is an affront to Texans.
Come on Ted you're better than this, remember how Trump connected JFK assasination to your family, horrendous things about your wife...
Teds brain is dead. He does not know what he has said. Blame Obama before our state turns a color other than red.
Ted, you've got it all confused. You're supposed to meet w\Texans & send a misleading propaganda infused Tweet to Kansans. You've got to go!
Texas has an annual tomato fight with Colorado, meanwhile there are millions of starving children. That's Ted's farmer knowledge
You have orange hair on your mouth.
Eww, gross visual...very true, but ewww
Stop eminent domain for Texas high speed rail
Shutdown the BLM this agency is not needed !
Of course you realize that surveys are necessary for development, such as wall construction....which cannot ever happen!!
Now they will again as they have a wall built through it, in Texas. Are you even a US Citizen? @washingtonpost @dallasnews @nytimes @maddow
But you're cool w/the above mentioned losing their lands to Eminent Domain for a stupid wall & their water rights to Rio Grande?? Okie dokie
and what did you do to stop it? huh???? Nothing !!
Why don't you appear 'affront' of a group of voters at a town hall?  Obama isn't president anymore. Get over it. PS How're your wife & dad?
But that's changing now thanks to Our POTUS reversing Obamas horrible regulations!!
That's Obama for Yea! Putting farmers,coal miners and the petroleum industry in a decline because of his job killing regulations.
Innocent? You r a fool, u r obviously more worried about getting re elected than good of farmers and children. Man of Good? Almighty dollar!
Finally, they can use their land for their families and comfort,  Too many farms were closed because of Obama's policies.
Comrade @tedcruz,under Trump, nepotism,russianhacking, 59 missiles,17 golfing trips,outrageous ACA proposal,no eco protection,$$on homes,
Comrade @tedcruz - r u serious ? this is what you want us to focus on ? how much they do they pay you ? grifter..@txlege @TXDemWomen #resist
Just wait till they get their land taken away when that wall is built on their property
Your a genius...roll back enviro protection, none will remember who killed the land if you make a quick buck
The BLM stinks! They have too much power over public land use, etc. And their anti-gun, anti-hunting, anti-target shooting and anti-Rights!
Further, its ok to stop with the Obama hatred now...its actually sad that you are still in its thrall....
And they are still being persecuted by crazy judge in Las Vegas on behalf of the government
@POTUS r u joking? Is this some interns first day? Hypocrite.
Kind of like taking people's land to build a border wall?
Are you trashing Obama or saying it's awful that Trump wants the same thing for people living on the Rio Grande?
#Trump' wall will misappropriate more Texas land than anything that occurred under Obama... do the math, then you can comment.
We'll learn w this stupid wall whether or not to really mess w Texas.
@POTUS what about the land that will be confiscated for Trump's wall @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible @IndivisibleTeam
Only Obama right.  You lie
I can't wait till Texans pull their heads out and get you out of office and elect a Texan who was born and raised here and loves the state!
Bullshit.
So you must be against the wall. We have to protect the land of the farmers and ranchers down there.
Oh shut up.
Do you seriously want to discuss affronts? I'd be glad to meet with you. #IndependentInvestigation #truth #2018
we are waiting your promise about classifieds Muslim brotherhood as a terrorisms group
Yeah, but how about stealing Texan's property for The Wall?
#youlie And how was that different from your approach to the trumpsters wall on the southern border of Texas? 
#gop #dnc #POTUS
you better nut up when it’s time to build the wall, Ted.
and now under Trump innocent farmers/ranchers/families will face unconstitutional land grabs for border wall that Mexico will not pay for
And now so do the border landowners for that wall you support. C'mon Senator. #WeAreWatching #WeDisapprove #TexasSenatorsLastTerm
True. They were working on making it difficult for farmers/ranchers to get their produce to market. Where did they think steak came from?
And you want to take them for pipelines and oil production
@POTUS Are you making this up as you go along? You and the #gop are in power. Can't blame other people. #beSenatorial
@SenTedCruz , I am one of your constituents. We have been looking for you. Why won't you come hear us out?
He was at an Astros game the other day!  And still managed to avoid meeting with Houstonians....
Unconstitutional? If that was true there would never be eminent domain & they would have sued. You never mentioned why 44 did this, WHY?
Under the Trump admin, nothing at all has been done about it despite desperate pleas from our Nation's farmers. #LameDuckTrump
Dickholle
: So, you're saying no eminent domain along the border for the wall?  Do I understand you correctly?
What about the tens of thousands of Vets who died waiting to see a doctor or be admitted under your watch TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz ?
Your full scale self aggrandizement is showing along with your total idiocy. At least the BLM wouldn't cede the Red River to a foreign power
Rights of TX property owners are always exploited by companies that line your pockets -- oil companies, frackers, and pipeline companies.
We are still facing "affronts": it's called OBAMASCARE.
You thump your chest about BO- @POTUS / @realDonaldTrump is under FBI/intelligence investigations @GOP What say you?

#GoldenBoy @RussiaGate
Sounds like 45s stupid wall.
But you are okay to take farmers and ranchers land to build a wall in the middle of nowhere. . . anything hypocritical here?
Trumps wall will do the same. Where is your head at?
Will you stand up for innocent farmers/ranchers/families land rights when @realDonaldTrump starts building his wall?
What did you do to stop the use of eminent domain to build KeystoneXL across your state, @SenTedCruz? Take your time. I'll be right here.
We know you hate Obama, Ted.  How's fat Donald doing? #theresistence #Trumprussia #Trumpt
So what about affronts to landowners on the southern border?
Under Trump admin, minority Texans face increased hate crimes and eminent domain for a wasteful and foolhardy monument to xenophobia.
Name calling is calling someone a bad name.(i.e. Jerk, ugly etc) Callinf someone out for how they act and what they believe is truth.

Under Trump you are grabbing people's land for a wall they don't want
Please list all of the "unconstitutional affronts" here. I'm sure 140 characters will cover it...
How's that border wall gonna work out, then?
.What about Republicans seizing land from innocent farmers/ranchers/families to build the wall?
https://www.softwar.net/ouroborus.html 
The End of the Surveillance State
An Obama Legacy
Zinke is turning out to be 1000X better than anticipated...
bruh you want to eminent domain the shit out of south texas for a wall

