let's discuss it, town hall maybe?
Steve Bannon is unelected. start wth him.
yay! You are getting rid of Bannon?? @realDonaldTrump
@Oma8612 @POTUS ~The regulation for truck drivers to not exceed 62/mph is KILLING people! Lift this ban!
And destroy our environment, eliminate consumer protection and head right into another housing crisis!  Thanks Ted!
that's why you need Willett on the federal bench asap! #ByeByeChevron
#loseCruz2018
Yes! Reg State created b/c gov too big for congress to manage. Must make gov smaller otherwise congress will be overwhelmed.
im pretty sure the constitution already prohibits unelected bureaucrats from making law
How about holding town halls, we would like to talk to you
more like yell at and disrupt there for accomplishing nothing. Saul Alinsky would be proud.
Yes they are nothing but a money pit. Bent on stealing from the govt that has no accountability measures on them. Audit them.
how are you going to take back power from "unelected bureaucrats" by removing regulations and facilitating neoliberalism #plzdnt
no...it's time for Congress to rein in the out of control POTUS & Steve Bannon. Do your job! Investigate #Trumprussia connection
Investigate your friends in the Crony Colluding Elite Alt Left MSM
It's time for you to listen to your constituents. We demand #townhalls @Texastownhalls
Where were YOU last year for townhalls?
we have to have clean water and clean air-your approach will cost us both
It is also time to reign in voter fraud electing illegitimate, lawless politicians who violate their oath of office! Treason!
That is just what is needed! Drain their pockets too!
"regulatory state," "administrative state" -- we know you and Bannon made these phrases up. Thank your professors!
do not denigrate hard working public servants!  Regulations protect all of us.
The 2008 global financial crisis was in a large part due to a lack of proper regulation, or have you forgotten?
Ted remembers what he chooses to remember. No recollection of Trumpster's reprehensible comments about the family.
Deregulation isn't always good. Many important public goods wouldn't exist the way they do without regulation.
Government schools are terrible STOP giving money to losing schools
and throw in unelected fed judges that have political agendas.
Only elected officials should make policy and/or regulations.
you mean to turn America over to your corporate owners because you love selling oit America
Mark Levin exposed himself when he became a #NeverTrumper. I am a #NeverLevin. Fuck him. 
agree
@ChgocadChic AND return it to the states / the people!!
Ted I had sincerely wished you played your hand a little different, I could envisage you as VP or Supreme Court Justice. Pity
I'm a (unpaid) constituent who missed you at the town hall. Chicken. I didn't vote for Bannon so stop letting him write policy.
That regulatory state is why you can still breathe the air and drink the water here, and why your food is edible
You mean the people who are there to protect us?
yes, deregulation helps fill up the 1% 's pockets. It will not help the majority of your constituents. It harms us all.
@lovingmykids65 ABSOLUTELY Ted! Amazing. WINNING
When will you talk about Texas and the hideous new sheriff in Harris County?
Do you support Rep. Murphy's efforts to remove unelected official Steve Bannon from the National Security Committee?
yeh every day I just believe that the thing that helps me the most is less regulations. Give me a break.
the unelected and unaccountable playing on our time and our dime is the ultimate swamp
Its time to get rid of the unelected bureaucrats and clean house. Trump should put in his own people if they are really needed.
stop pandering. Listen. #TownHall
enjoyed very much
Use the Cruz Hammer !  New campaign saying? "Advance Together"
Work towards that pls. #MAGA
I see the haters are back Ted. Keep up the great work!
WORD!
absolutely!
and put it back in the hands of elected billionaires who know how everything works (to their benefit)! #CPAC2017 @Grindr
let's see the size of the fed budget this yr..Then let's see how you react, by ur tweet, we should trust elected bureaucrats
Also the Federal Government needs to show THEE people OUR reserves.  Yes Audit our government before auditing a FARMER.
it's time for out of touch Senators to meet with constituents. We are sick of being ignored. #TownHall.  Remember us? TX voters
The regulations under the gun help keep us safe from predatory lenders and pollution! Tell us why you really want to cut them.
thank god now we can dump mining waste back in streams...winning!
They have no power. FIRED. just cut the paycheck cycle from the tax papers who work hard & see 50% a year stolen.  Time is up.
How??
Agreed. I hate safe workplaces, clean air, edible food and effective medicine. Have a side of salmonella with your ice cream.
You just replaced "out of control spending" with "out of control regulations" but your bullshit consistent
it's time for Texas to get rid of you and empower voters
damn. Time in rein in all these elected official that forgot they work for the people. TED
He ain't listening. Too busy brown-nosing with his rich pals.
what bureaucrats are they talking about?
When are you going to rein in the out of control president?
Problem with that is, congress can't do the job now, more less give them more. BTW did Convention of the States come up at CPAC?
Ted Cruz's Biggest Liability Is Probably His Constant Lying
Has anyone spotted the rare yellow streaked, crap spewing Repubic Human mammal lately, they seem to be going extinct, or hiding?
@potus quit talkin and get it done
.@SenTedCruz 1. You are a servile puppy dog.
2. Servile puppy dogs cannot bark 'opinions'...
Town Hall, Town Hall, Town Hall, Town Hall, Town Hall, you work for us, Town Hall, Town Hall, Town Hall, Town Hall, Town Hall...
@realDonaldTrump, @SpeakerRyan , @HouseGOP, @SenateGOP and @GOP 

 Thank You GOP for #MakeRussiaGreatAgain
Traitors!
