Ted Cruz will help keep Republican promises to voters. Even if it helps POTUS. Ted isn't a sore loser or hater. God bless.
Get @POTUS to draw an EXECUTIVE ORDER making it mandatory for Obamacare to apply to ALL of Congress immediately. The people deserve fairness
It will never happen until congress loses its exemption from Obama care
Go ted
(3/n) 2) Make all health insurance transition to non-profit by 20??!
3) Cap premium increases! 4) A 2/3 majority is needed to pass some
Congress will never change until they must follow the rules they create
You want stop... Loosing is hard!
High premiums and ridiculous deductibles..yeah that's why I say #nowayiselfpay
#flushagram #downwardspiral
(4/n) 4(cont) some legislation.  Neither party received enough vote last year to say they speak for an overwhelming majority.
Liar
If you want a market-based health care system, you must have everyone participate (individual mandate) THIS IS HOW INSURANCE WORKS
Q
I guess that whole repeal thing was just a vote getter.
Your promises are something I did not vote for.
Oh you re fancy plan that covers no one
ACA's best part is mandate. US should provide universal healthcare for Americans include Congress, Insurance 101 = bigger pool spreads cost!
What's been stopping you from doing this for the last eight years?
Thank you @SenTedCruz
Here are some suggestions that could help everyone: 1) Allow the public to have the option to get health care that congress gets at same $.
2/n
Most efficient & effective & least costly for all is Medicare & Medicare Advantage Plans available for all plus lower drug costs.
Not true. I am on Medicare. My supplement premiums have increased 20% and deductible tripled due to Ocare.
Can you do it without raising deductibles and lowering coverage?
Don't get your hopes up, there are to many Rinos among you! #nov2018
Your NO care options were more dangerous and would have harmed more people than any part of the ACA.
(5/n) 4(cont) Both sides need to see that it is in the best interest of us all if they just sit down and find a middle ground.Stop bickering
You want to lower premiums in a way that will increase premiums on those that need lower premiums the most! (1/n)
The New Senate Speaker
Universal healthcare!
I don't think anyone can control them except at yhe ballot box
@AmeriGirlTN He did all he could. Thank you, Senator.
Only freedom offered was allowing people to die prematurely due to lack over coverage #FixACA
Lowering premium by providing shit plans is no plan Ted @BetoORourke 2018
Obviously, your critical reading skills are poor.  Your plan will drive up costs for the people who need insurance most
You should take a few courses you have zero idea what u are talking about

Your terroristic amendment would increase premiums 39%, basically bankrupting and killing Americans.
Weren't you the guy who promised to repeal every word (including "the") of ACA? And now you are talking about amendments?
We can't pass anything. What the hell? Do you know how dejected & defeated we feel?
Strong, positive message Sir
You are dreaming Ted, the Republican party is full blown Progressive just like the Democrats. It's time for a 3rd Party and split the vote.
I'm so proud of senator Cruz backing our President in doing right thing for tha Americans 
We want SAME CARE FOR ALL on the 2018 ballot. Let "WE THE PEOPLE" decide what healthcare OUR representatives can have. YOU WORK FOR US.
Why not done already....If that had been your focus from beginning probably would not have lost. knowingly tried to hurt elderly & disabled!
Why don't the GOP just defund the damn healthcare law, and let it fall to apart.
Ted we are loosing faith. Get the dems put of the republican party or start a new constitutional conservative party We are tired of promises
No you are lowering coverage
Nothing about your disastrous bill improved care, lowered cost, or was better, in any way, other than giving tax breaks to millionaires.
target gives me one month to return product..so i buy target..on line i buy underwhere i try it on it dont fit, i can return , not at sears
You need to be thinking of what to do after you lose reelection! @RepBetoORourke will be taking your place in 2019!!!
@POTUS @MitchMcConell @SpeakerRyan Defund ObamaCare, shut it down, Pass legislation/a bill for Tort Reform, eliminate Insurance subsidies,
@POTUS @MitchMcConell @SpeakerRyan Eliminate the funding and exemptions for the Senate, House, Staff & Democratic donors from ObamaCare
You just LIE  you want yo get rid of Obama care  to give tax cuts to rich SHAME on you
Darling, you still don't understand freedom. Remember when you used to cry Free me! when your daddy wouldn't let you wear a cape to church?
Every senator can't fight for entitlements for their own state; this has to be a bill to encourage private ins to be competative!
Your amendment is useless.
Encouraging @POTUS to remove the exemption for gov from Ocare will most definitely get things done! Going broke paying for ins can't use!
I think Tom cotton and Ted Cruz are the only two honest congressman in DC
You are joking
You are all LIARS ...R and D all Swimming in the same swamp ...while making sure that WE THE PEOPLE have no where to swim.... #FullRepeal
@BetoORourke for Senate 2018!
work as a whole Senate to fix ACA, quit this partition nonsense @MSNBC @JoaquinCastrotx @RepBetoORourke @indivisibletxjc
Where is the patient centered hc? The tort reform, absolute freedom of choice, -
No we can't ass hat.
And get rid of tax penalty and burden on small biz and and and
No pride, lyin' Ted.
Forget about costs....It's unconstitutional in the first place..... #ConventionofStates
Not good enough!!
The middle class is vanishing right before our eyes! HELP! Stop this horrendous UNaffordable Care Act! #Texplorer #FlashbackFriday #Enough

#ConsumerFreedom AMENDMENT

#WeThePeople ARE Free but the Federal Govt Overreach has Destroyed our Freedom

#FullRepeal #NOReplacement
Once again, thank you for working so hard to stay true to your word. Too bad the others don't.
Working so hard to get money from health care to give to your buddies top one percent
Still trying to fabricate a promise you can claim to have kept?
YOU FAILED CRUZ!
I sure hope your a right!
Nobody likes your silly little plan. It was shot down. #Fail
2018 Cruz will lose.
Let it fail we want what we had before Obamacare.....Cover peoples preexisting conditions with Medicaid coverage, were paying for it already
If U just fix HealthCare & stop making Wealth Care All Americans will have great #HealthCare!
No one supports you.
Not true.
Give it up. Your amendment was an epic fail.
Good luck, GOP can't govern - poor leadership. Move on to other parts of POTUS' agenda. Let O;care fail then others may work to solve!!!!
GOOD LUCK. John McCain will SABOTAGE your efforts
Stop calling it Obamacare & just call it HealthCare & just fix the parts of HealthCare that R broken & IT will be great #HealthCare!!
No obama and the Dems OWN THIS.
Yeah well we believe it when u do it... yalls words arent worth crap....u will all pay the price in 2018
Blah, blah, blah.
That means opening the market to insurance across state lines, correct? The freer the market the better. Let competition thrive!
I just want my BC/BS major medical policy back w/ a health savings account!
Yeh- but McCain screwed it all up- and the purpose was only to negotiate a full replace with the house and get all on board. Pathetic Mcain
FAIL.
your colleagues don't have the character or the courage to do what they were elected to do, Senator.
LYIN TED
The @GOP talks about keeping their promises to the American people ... but it was the GOP that tricked their voters into hating healthcare.
