The #GOP has been telling this story since Reagan and it simply doesn't work.  Your tax reform only helps top 1%
It's based on the theory that people won't start business to make millions if they have to pay taxes. It's total nonsense.
Yes, example: I have an AI company in California.  We have high tech, high value and high taxes here.  Other states envy our economy.
the state of Kansas is a good counter example.
I would love to see actual statistics on that, because last time I checked KS wasn't exactly booming.
yes that's what I meant
Ah, okay. I misunderstood.
that's #Reagan's famous #trickledown economic theory: the rest of us can lap up the beer on the floor.
Insult you use Jesus
tax cuts, as Republicans propose them, only widen income inequality
Great
You can't work if you can't breathe or drink the water.
Best way to jump start economy would be to reduce Fed govt by 1/3 or by 1/2. It's size is killing everything.
To reduce that much, you would have to reduce the DoD. Over 50% of the $1.2 trillion is defense. VA and DHS is 10%. So How exactly?
Stop the waste and endless wars. Defense not offense.
The GOP sees no difference. "A good defense is a good offense". Plus, who else will be the thugs of corporations and billionaires?
please talk to the fine people of the state of Kansas and see how it's working out for them.
Yes oh yes yes yes I think we need to definitely do that
That's right Ted, just keep it simple
#FAIRtax Senator. Continue to lead!
Who will support programs: #MealsOnWheels #NIH #NEA #PBS #Medicaid #SNAP if you keeping cutting taxes for #Corporations  #1% ?  #PeopleVote
@seanhannity @Reince Here's how MX pays for wall: Repatriate foreign cash now (bfor tax reform) & designate taxes fr MX corps to fund Wall.
Too bad your only claim to fame is shutting down the government and cutting foods stamps to poor and needy children! Such a good christian!
we need an independent commission into Russian interference in our democracy. NOW, you blowhard. Do the right thing.
Seems like slobbering LWNJs follow Ted's every tweet, ready to pounce.
How can we trust y'all on tax reform when your leader won't even show his taxes?
Preach it Ted
:  how about Medicare for all?  Single payer?  Let's have town hall and talk. Show us the details.
Translation: Republican majority congress is getting ready to further impoverish the working class American to serve the 1%
This I agree with. Not a supporter of you. But I agree. Now the question is how do we enact this. Who writes the bill and introduces it?
@SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP 15% INDIV & BUSINESS FLAT TAX NO DEDUCTIONS NO TAX CREDITS exempt low income filers  NO EITC
Sounds good, when do we start? @JudgeTedPoe @realDonaldTrump @TheBoxThatRoxx @Radiomattrick
Get on it then. You have had the power & privilege for years!
Lying Ted at it again, you haven't achieved anything, 7 years to develop a new health care plan & couldn't get it done , worthless
It wasn't the ACA that hurt our economy. It was the @GOP that shutdown our gov't twice ruined our credit rating. Get it straight.
Have you read anything other than Ayn Rand that would make u that think that policy has ever worked?
Yes, Senator. Yes!
...then don't vote for Ted Cruz, who is in the lined pockets of the 1%!
the economy took off fine under @BarackObama don't mess with it to favor your rich friends - Still no Town Hall ? #nomoreyears @txlege
When u run again i am voting for u
Sen Cruz, the media picking on our President all the time is very upsetting, then Fox foring
HANITY WHO I REALLY LIKED WATCHING.
Firing bill oreilly i mean very depressed
We need our health care, wall, and tax cut
My dog won't drink the water here in s.e. Ca. Thanks Obama epa.
yes.
Especially get rid of those irksome rules that keep our air clean & water pure. #LoseCruz2018
Let's get it done put some Bills in front of Trump
Push it Ted everyone is moving too slow and make sure that freedom caucus is straightened out by the time you guys get back
easily said, #senTedCruz . Any ideas?  Or, are you waiting with baited breath for more of king Donald's executive decrees? #doyourjob! #RLB
Could you all limit yourselves to the same vacations the taxpayers get, ie,2-3 wk/yr. like nurses who work long hours, get it done.
@tylerlwhite What if we also want to leave our kids water to drink and air to breath. Be on the right side of history. No greed.
Teddy you are history after the next election.  Save your cheap Talk.
Dork.
100% Concur.  Taxes and insane regulations kill small business.
To pay for huge gov spending planed must change tax approach. Eliminate income taxes! Use #FAIRtax approach.
Eliminate income taxes. Tax payments at source. Much simpler and effective. Encourages investment. Don't tax wages. Fewer payers. Save $$$.
Great if you can get other republicans go along
Let's get with the Obamacare repeal already. I hear some things in the works. Please have the courage to push it through.
Way to toe that party line . #TownHall? #uwork4us
Will every member of congress that votes Yea on this @GOP rhetoric resign if the numbers are not met in 2 yrs? Accountability not rhetoric
well get to it already!
Right as rain.
Talk is cheap ted.
@FairTaxOfficial Let's get this done!!!
remind Republicans to get 2work on legislation. A lot of talk very little action. R have house, Senate &presidency. Yet they are on vacation
And..... #buildthewall
I'm tired of listening to talk. Let's get this done.
I applaud your efforts in legislation and support of our Pres. True Reaganite. The far-right in your base will never further us. Never has.
Get it done Senator!  Do what we elected Trump to accomplish help him get it done.
tax breaks for the rich
Let's all get back to D.C. & get to work on healthcare,taxes & BUILING THE WALL! @GOP BETTER start working at TRUMP SPEED!
I want you to stop putin swinging the exxin deal. Putin put trump in office for pay off of oil. Get to wrk & stop this. This is on gops
And outlaw Sheria law
You should have been President.
The only way to get things done is ousting Ryan!
This never, ever works, except it increases profits for rich people at the expense of working class.
Better get it done now lol
Just do it and get Trump a stuff done get back to work
The town is responsible for clean water, waste, street repair, police, fire, ambulance. Anything past that is luxury.
Senator, how come we do not talk about Mexico's immigration policy as compared to U.S. It is shameful!
And vote all of you out of the senate.
skinbag moves its mouth and then does nothing. Fck ted cruz and his bullshit.
George Bush
Did you address the fact that Russian fighter planes are flying too near Alaska, or just busy ordering the George's Special?
Don't get too comfy in that DC swamp, bro. Castro's a comin' for ya (and not the Cuban one like your old man).
Town Hall at Mi Tierra? Didn't know they had a sound system.
Reducing taxes for the wealthy does no good for the poor and middle class. We hold the burden of paying the bills congress runs up.
Tried that under both Reagan and Bush jr...crashed economy
If U want to see U.S. Capitalism survive, make #TuesdayGroup & @GOP RINOs leave 1/6 of the world's lushest free economy alone. No Socialism!
Amen!! Don't hear this from do-nothing liberals who only know how to spend other people's money!!
Yes and the money they're spending is ours..
Or you could stop #IdiotTrump from#FleecingAmerica ~~i still can't believe you support that man!
Someone got a case of sore ass?
Me? Hell no, you must cause you fell for #IdiotTrump and his #SmokeAndMirrors i am pissed @SenTedCruz for accepting #DontheCon
Ted Cruz, so proud of you, being a true leader and supporting the president and all Americans.
No tax reform until we see 45's tax returns! & not bulshit 1 he leaked to press. Tax return after housing crash that show loans from Russia
What a bunch of BS. I really don't care about his tax returns. The Communist left just wants it so they can make up some other stupid lie
Ted, we need repeal and replace and tax cuts. Republicans must coalesce and support Trump, or they will be replaced.
Why are you not introducing bills to do what you espoused, Sen Cruz. So far you are a lot of talk and little action. #WEGOP would thank you
he's right
Awesome Sen. Cruz. Help get healthcare repealed. We need your help and your voice makes a difference. #MAGA
GOP has had 8 yrs to think about THEIR plan & yet nothing on the table. How much more time do u guys need? So many words NO action!
Then send senior citizens to fight our unending wars.
HEALTHCARE needs to be too priority.  Get to work @SenateGOP.
Just do it, Ted!
Get the job done
No. If you want to see the economy take off, reduce wealth inequality and ensure everyone has health care.
It's great to see someone that's understand exactly what it will take
If you want small businesses succeed, help labor shortages by reinstating #returningworkerexemption. Can't survive w/o your support.
@tylerlwhite 
if you like to gat the economy going gave us some job not boll shit
Amen!!
We need #trumpcare first. Fat cats later
Exactly.
Or you could vote to allow the Phone companies to have full access to consumers data, that's your economic policy right? #wastedsenateseat
And the debt increase. #dumb
Can u please dump Paul Ryan start the movement
They've been allowed sell across state lines since Jan2016. Look it up. Realize you've been lied to.
No TAX REFORM UNTIL Trump RELEASES HIS TAXES. AMERICANS DO CARE. SHOW YOUR TAXES. STAND FOR PPL NOT PARTY SENATOR
Agreed but please change your avi. Looks like you're either shilling for the company or too lazy to change it
Bullshit. Not one Republican economic idea has ever helped the economy. Only caused recession and deficit. Never worked. NEVER. LIAR.
You r mistaken.  Record revenues after Reagan and Bush tax cuts.
We have an unconstitutional spending problem
How to get this done should be at the top of the GOP list
So, you hate Liberty, Freedom, and Prosperity. Satan, get thee back to Russia.
Not until yall get off yet another vacation, so health care can be finished, such lazy ass
The only "relevant" thing you have done in congress is a shutdown...so I hope you out next election
You're still the zodiac killer.
Plz!
Waytago Ted...
