Let's see a show of hands - who was hurt & exactly how. Time for this BS to end!!
Here's my story!!
Texas does not allow the Medicaid subsidy that makes ObamaCare work. The Subsidy  pays a portion to make insurance affordable. Corrupt TX.
I wasn't on that shitty Obamacare. I'm self employed & was paying for my own insurance. Lost my PPO, forced to HMO.
TX is fine. Obama shitty
So, you're taking a stand on an issue you don't know anything about and hating it bc it's nicknamed after the black guy.
What's in a name? If it was freaking Grubercare I would still hate it. I don't want government in our healthcare. Either repub/dem!
It could happen to you. I practiced law in TX and represented hard working men who got hurt and found themselves needing lots of help!
So you're doing it all pro bono! Good!
You're a champion of liberty while most in Washington are leading us into dependence on a massive oppressive federal government.
do you use roads, drink water, have electricity, use sewage and trash disposal systems, have a public education, or use the internet?
Are you protected from thieves, murders, and invading armies?
unless you want to stop doing all of these, or rely solely on private companies to create and distribute them, you rely on government.
State and local govt, and private companies handle most of that. A strong military is a proper function of federal govt.
government is government, and dependency is dependency.
if we are going to really on them for one part of our infrastructure, why not use them for other parts?
I hope you'll educate yourself, Nilla. Read the Declaration of Independence. Listen to @marklevinshow. His book Liberty and Tyranny is good.
can you show me evidence of either of those organizations operating in the US?
Thank you Ted Cruz!!!
Thank you sir! Your dedication is most appreciated 
You have been working tirelessly and you have been fighting the good fight for the American people. God bless you and thank you.
...by taking away the breath of millions left uninsured by your tax-break-disguised-as-healthcare? Spare us. Just go home.

I hope you do. My deductible is $3000.00 and I met that finally but had to pay that. Why do I have to pay for ones that won't work?
You might help by working with the good people across the aisle to fix what's wrong with ACA.
Repeal!
You must not have any children going to college that need to stay on your insurance
Children could stay on their parents insurance until 26 before Obama even took office...
I want to see you standing with our President Trump and his agenda.
You are so wrong.  Grow a spine.
Thank you Senator Ted for being loyal, transparent and upholding your promises to We the people.
Here is a man with integrety

So, you openly admit you'll be working to hurt the middle and lower class on favor of the treason wing of the gop? Wow.

No one is being "hurt" by the ACA, you pompous liar.
If you want to get ObamaCare repealed and replaced, urge @POTUS to rescind the exemption of Congress from its coverage. #ApplyToCongress
you are so full of BS it is laughable 12% approve you messing with ACA. LOSER STRATEGY


Really, Ted? Really?
Stay Strong! We need try relief! Sooo frustrated that our Congress says one thing to get voted in then does the opposite! Term Limits!!!
You should replace Mitch McConnell.
Thank you Sen Cruz! I prefer FULL REPEAL & NO REPLACE-instead try Direct Primary Care & Maj Med insur, making people responsible w/o govt.
i see your campaigning... not gonna happen for 8 years pal
I will fight for all the Americans being hurt by the willful ignorance and malice of @SenTedCruz.

That sales pitch isn't working any more. Have you heard all the stories of how it's saving lives?
2018 Cruz will lose.
#BetOnBeto

Then perhaps you should allow The Subsidy in your state that pays for it.
And that would be....
Speak clearly and boldly. Mincing words is why you lost to Trump. You can be bold and truthful without being a flame thrower. Speak truth.
How about the working men & women stuck with $55M bill for @POTUS golf?
Campaign 2016 was rough, but in the end Republicans are a "Team" Let's get rid of the Not so affordable care.Please! We can't af
We saw the Senate saber rattle for seven years....then fold....are their true backers, or a few paid sacrifices...it's down to this!
Blessed be. 
I wish more officials would follow your lead.
Thank you!. #FullRepeal of #Obamacare 

Health Insurance is NOT #Healthcare.
@tedcruz Thank you so much .I know you love our country & Stand up for what is right Appreciate u doing that for All Americans 
TED, DO YOU WANT AMERICA TO BELIEVE YOU? Take down the #DeepState Go tell the President everything you know! Or are you like #mccaintraitor
How about fighting for EVERYONE instead of fighting against anything with the name Obama in the subject line? LISTEN to the people. Not hate
Senator Cruz, please learn the difference between partisanship and representation. I'm very disappointed you hate Democrats so much.
What a crock of Lies. Obamacare is a life saver for millions but why should you care, we foot your bills, all of them.
You'll need a lot more breath with Trump than u used with BHO as there weren't many working
Thank you. Keep fighting.
Bullshit

Sounds good. But with respect, you haven't gotten much done up till now. If fact, you've probably hurt more than you've helped.
Dems falsely claim ACA repeal wld leave 20+ million uninsured, but their games will leave 100% uninsured. Bravo, @SenateDems @SenJohnMcCain!
We still hold onto our smaller gov dreams WITH #MAGA & Am 1 @SenTedCruz and @RandPaul.
2 greats @realDonaldTrump can TRUST.
Thanks guys.
You can start by calling out all of your GOP peers who continue to lie to their constituents and not do what they promised while campaigning
.New Congress Healthcare for quick results: 1) Medicaid for all Dems (or R) that want single payer, and 2) OCare w/o exceptions for the rest
I know he is FED UP w/ the lying phony RINOS who go against everything Americans wants and stand for in the USA! Leading fight ag DC Cartel!
Should the President end the exception for Congress?
Cruz for Senate Majority Leader!!  Put McConnell (the gobbler) out to pasture
@realDonaldTrump Ted tell the senate to pass the 200+ bills being held by the filibuster rule - go full nuclear and pass all 200 in 2 weeks
Gobfor it!
The best help for people would be to support obamacare, opponente whoreship money more than humans
If all the senator will join u to fight for the poor working men and women in the country I think people will be proud of as a political and
The American people are tired of being hurt by you the Spawn of Satan. You are a Trump Russian puppet who is an anti-Christian deplorable
I truly believe less people are being hurt by it than the alternative.
Get out of Obama care all together. Repeal do not replace it. 
Set Term limits & stop federal paychecks & benefits for congress & Senate
Go to 51 rule then I will believe!
Thank you for fighting for We the People, Sen. Cruz! God bless you and your family! #CHOOSECRUZ
BS...... I call that BS sir.  You support a system that hurts the working family's healthcare.  You and your buddies get $$$$
The "job" for the American people, AKA: Make the rich richer and the poor, poorer.Heil Donald!
ACA is here to stay. Time to stabilize the market. Many small Texas businesses (mine) buy on the indie market. And we vote. 

Fix ACA.
I love Obamacare ! I get no subsidy, and would get no insurance without it - you ain't working for me at all. @TXDemWomen @BetoORourke
Vincit qui patitur - He conquers, who perseveres
#Bible #Truth #Constitution #Liberty #COS #TedCruz
Please publicly purge your party of those who aren't first. The GOP has an opportunity to use a Free Market fix to Ocare & choose not to.
For every person making a bad comment, I'm going to @HillaryClinton and @ChelseaClinton and posting this pic.
The rest of your party needs to get their together and get this done!!
Yeah ok , like you stood up for your wife ...
You been saying that for years, too bad people didn't vote for you. You lie so much for votes you are ready kiss Trump's ass all day long.
Fight harder; it's a mess.
Go away!
Listen up NC Senators, do you hear Senator Cruz ?
No we are being hurt by spineless republicans putting party over country...you in example
Please return to regular order and stop making healthcare into a political football. We need measures that actually reduce healthcare costs.
There are many things that we can agree on. @BillCassidy wants to bring transparency to healthcare costs. Great!
Want to encourage competition across state lines? Sure, why not? As long as your whole cost reduction strategy doesn't rest on this, try it.
Just... please... RETURN TO ORDER.
@ChrisSalcedoTX Americans appreciate a good fight against the enemy; not among yourselves. GOP in control of Congress; no excuse 4 failure!
"But, I refuse to repeal #Obamacare. Why should I, I'm not on it?"
Then stop working against our president. We put him in to shake things up#MAGA
You must mean insurance execs. @GOP cares nothing for America and Americans. You're a traitor and a serial liar.
Good grief. you might need to take a long look at what you are REALLY fighting for. #2018
Even when there isn't a breath left in my body, I will make sure you no longer hold office after 2018.
That statement means absolutely nothing . Either get a bill that has some forethought, take it before the people, answer questions. Simple.
Please stop whining and work with the Democrats to fix the ACA.  Your constituents are tired of the BS and partisan politics.  Step up!
How exactly is the ACA hurting people, Senator? Seems pretty logical to require insurance companies actually provide affordable healthcare
And we will continue to fight against your tax break for the wealthy! #FixACA The #American people have made it abundantly clear! #Vote2018
Tell your intern this isn't even credible. No one thinks you care about the poor, Ted. You care about Ted and your donors Go back to Harvard
I call bullshit! #voteBeto
Glad to hear you will keep fighting Cruz !!!
You are delusional sir.
Ted not only Obamacare but fight against the Pinocchio  politicians that are hurting us Americans and have been for years
Start with lying Trump.
Stop being so dramatic. You are starting to sound silly.
Resign
@SenTedCruz Start another party. We've tired of the current ones. They're out of touch.
R u truthful or just setting urself up for 2020 im betting on the later.  #ActionsNotWords
Does the FACT that your bill SCREWS MILLIONS of Americans have anything to do w/ its failure TED????
Wait, there's an option where you're dead?

Someone shoulda mentioned that years ago!
"I will use my taxpayer funded healthcare to live long enough to take away your healthcare." #TrumpCare #FailureFriday #FridayFeeling #Stop
Sen Cruz ACA-Obamacare lowered the rate of uninsured to its lowest point. GOP Health Plan was just a historic tax cut for the wealthy. Fact!
I agree with you
Tell Americans something else. They're tired of your whinning
@BernieSanders 2020 Medicare for All, that way no one gets hurt.
So what about the men & women The Obamacare helps?
@marcorubio @ChuckGrassley @DevinNunes @TGowdySC @SenatorBurr @ConawayTX11 

This sums it up!
Watching #LivePD now hoping to see @HillaryClinton in Cuffs tonight!
#LockHerUp
#RETWEET…
@SenTedCruz you can stop the delusion it's not happening. #FailureFriday
Will you fight to protect those who would be hurt by a repeal? (There are more of those.) #SaveACA
Thank you Senator Cruz. Obamacare is a disaster that cannot be fixed. God help us all!
Please try to talk sense to this WhiteHouse and get them to fix this mess. If it continues entire GOP at risk, it is turning into a circus
You mean "who," not "that"
Senator I dont believe you.  7 years of yelling repeal obamacare and you cant do it, you didnt do it, you failed the people who trusted you
THUS SAITH THE LORD:THE BATTLE HAS ALREADY BEEN WON"KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK"AMEN"
Thank you, Senator. Sad that those who campaigned on repealing ACA were lying to voters.
Please identify who those people are. All I can see is people saved by the ACA.
Thank GOD, we dodged d bullet when McCain lost the presidency. It would have been years of Obama misery again. These 2 are 2 peas in a pod.
How does your wife feel about you working with a man who degraded her on the campaign trail?
ACA's best part is mandate. US should provide universal healthcare for Americans include Congress, Insurance 101 = bigger pool spreads cost!
He is listening to us, the ones who voted him in.  #MySenator
Name one who is not wealthy.
Trump’s Approval Rating Sinks to 42 Percent in Texas
#MySenator
As long as there is breath in my body, I will fight these shallow thinking resistors that think chaos, mob rule, assassination is democracy.
Senator Ted Cruz, when are you going to fight for Texas

But you are full of 
Thank you!!!!
Liar! You have done nothing for the Texans!! Only for the Koch brothers
You haven't done anything for the working people only the 1%
Thank You!! We need it.
The breath left your body along time ago, you pretend working man's friend.
He's not alone in his feeling of betrayal .....
Senator you have my full respect & support!!

also, keep up you glorious fight to keep thieves of pocket calculators locked up 16 years, despite obviously applying the wrong law.
@SenTedCruz >> is the only one I would take on campaign for reelection. @realDonaldTrump
Thank you. @SenJohnMcCain SUCKS! He's aRINO, & needs to go home & stay there.
I hope not too many
So you just don't give a shit about the millions who would be hurt by taking away ACA?
Trade what you want for a Dreamer bill.
At least he is fighting to keep his word! Much respect!
God continue to bless you Senator Cruz!!
When did He start?
Wouldn't could on you to protect a BABY let alone our countrymen
Thank you
Until everyone buys your again and you can run for POTUS again to install the North American Union you are for
Ya right. Like you did in last nights vote. Why are you not on Obama care if it's so great and getting your treatments at the VA??

You gotta be shittin' us
Thank you ted Cruz you have really stepped up to the plate as a trump supporter I appreciate your love of this country. God bless you!
You Go Lyin' Ted! Fight for the 3%!!We'll continue to fight and RESIST for the majority! Can't wait until you breathe your last Bad Breath!
Ironic you wanted to take the breath away from poor sick people.  U  know NOTHING about health care policy. Study Austrailia for example.
You must love that speech, tweeted it 7x. "truck drivers" want you working to repair O care instead of worrying about a political victory
Universal healthcare!
Become AG and take down the Clinton/Obama/Soros crime cartel subverting the will of the people...
You will fight to the death to steal other people's healthcare. How noble.
I wish you would fight for this #TexasGirl. I stand to lose my life. @TedCruz
