the modern Republican party is a disgrace.
How?
Because Merrick Garland's seat was stolen. Rs can't do anything without cheating through
it wasn't stolen. It's that simple. And Dems need to accept it and move on.
How was it not stolen? scalia died during Obama's term so its Obama's duty to appoint a new judge. Simple. No footnote rules apply
It has to belong to someone first, and then be taken. It didn't belong to anyone, and it wasn't taken.
And no, it wasn't Obama's duty to appoint. It was his right to nominate, just as it was the Senate's right to confirm (or not).
Then why wasn't he even given a hearing? Rs just sat there with their hand over their ears not willing to do their jobs.
It seems to be the only way the GOP can accomplish anything - cheat or change the rules (i.e., cheat).
Of course there's that one rule democrats put in place called the nuclear option
I guess it's not cheating since the democrats changed the rule right?
Do you read accredited material? looks like u get ur information from a underground Hate propaganda
Actually I saw it on CNN
Make it happen!
you look like Bert from Sesame Street 
Thank you
And we will trample the integrity of the Senate to get that confirmation
No, we won't. But if necessary, I guess that 40-year-old Senate rule can go if it means we get a good justice.
I'd rather keep the rule AND get a good justice. We pay these people to make adult decisions. Bending rules to avoid compromise is kid stuff
A Russian puppet, & traitor , links with the son of the killer of JFK to root for a bigot . The new America. White power. Neo Nazis, tyrants
Thanks for reminding everyone of the least of his shortcomings, not to mention his small hands. U voted 4 this immoral pig, happy? @CNN @ABC
Do it. No deals with Dems!
Well that's good news. As a Christian kind of difficult as a judge so I will be praying for Brother Neil
Didnt you say there was no need to have 9 justices when you thought Trump would lose. It was never about the people was it? #hypocrites
You mean when Joe Biden said it goes against tradition to place a judge in last 18 months of sitting president
Of course the dems are paying for the rule they changed. look at them all spewing negativity to their own rule they put in place lmao 
And the last nominee was given the shaft by Republican stooges like you
Pretty sure it was ex VP Joe Biden who said placing a judge in last 18 months goes against tradition
It has never happened. And Biden's words were taken out of context. The R's started the tradition last year. Might come back to haunt them
Vote from a true Texan, vote @BetoORourke @RepBetoORourke
#Gorsuch has ruled against women’s & LGBTQ rights & sided w/ employers over employees and favored corporate interests over public interests
Is that supposed to be a defense of Gorsuch? Or a defense of your inability to think for yourself?
The Democrats will filibuster, you watch. Your nuclear option will then clear the decks for a future you will fear when the the Senate flips
You mean the democrats nuclear option lol
Don't forget Dems will be back in power soon. Might wish you had the filibuster then.
Wishful thinking Larry. Trump's approval rating is the lowest in history at this point in presidency.
Until Comey's letter, when Clinton's numbers dropped. Yes, everything is fine. Polls don't matter. ;)))
The NFL is going to change the rules so that the team leading at the end of three quarters doesn't have to play a fourth quarter....
Just do it. Democrats would be anti-puppies if Conservatives were pro-puppies. Who cares about their nonsense?
Mitch just said he did it.. he filed Cloture

@ExecGQ @tedcruz AMEN!
Want nightmares? Think of Hillary Clinton nominating Barack Obama for the Supreme Court?
Changing 60 to 51 is immaterial. If Republicans don't the Democrats will if they become in charge. Do it now, or let them do it later.
We can hope..,
Yay!!!! Do it! Don't you dare back down!
The #SCOTUS has NO purpose in a #democracy!
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS NOT OUR PRESIDENT....ELECTION WAS A FRAUDULENT AND DECIEVED THE AMERICAN PPL BY CORPORATE GREED!  WE ARE THE PEOPLE!
Ted Cruz a he lost the election and will never be President because he is a fake public servant!
...@FoxNews and big corporations everywhere cheer. Meanwhile a man was fired for trying not to die at work.
Do u always state the obvious, stupid. GOP is in power. Dems can still fight it. It's their job. Yours is to destroy our country
And so I think that you going to be done next to bring court guy had a judge go such is that like your name or is it goes set like this
@tedcruz YOU SOLD OUT.
it better. or game over.
Sir look up "Hypocrite" & UR picture is there- I guess you conveniently forgot UR own BS? #GoldStarDad http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/politics/ct-cruz-supreme-court-seat-vacancy-20161026-story.html …
You bet he will!
If the Putin installed dictator and his cronies have their way, no doubt.
Corporate owned and bought. Where is our democracy
@tedcruz I'm with you brother! Get the true patriots ready! I'm in 100% to really change the system! #termlimits
If it's the only way, shame on the #GOP. @realDonaldTrump should resign right now. #impeach #showyourtaxreturn
You #Americans have so much HATE! And U preach democracy 2 whole world?!!! #ShameonAmerica #Hannity
We trust you are correct
We will Celebrate!!
No he won't, the Russians should not be allowed to determine who our Supreme Court is. Obama appointed one 14 months ago. Oops live with it.
You're a true American hero Ted. Just doing your part to make everything just a bit worse. You're the prototype for party before country.
I'm glad they finally decided, that's the way.
Grandpa munster is back
very good Ted
Thank you Senator Cruz!
Hey, remember when you and your cronies said you'd hold the SCOTUS seat open for 4 yrs if Hillary won? You oily, slithering, traitorous worm
Dea Mr. Lying Ted( liked Trump called you) Trump made a joke of you and your family and now it is you who makes a joke of yourself! Amazing
Will someone please wake up Ginsberg, and let her know whats going on
Another corrupt dark money purchase by Trump & his team. Corruption specialists unite and gop stands by applauding.  USA is laughing stock
What are you talking about?
The $10m fund used to push Gorsuch onto supreme court seat that  Gorsuch won't disclose who paid for it and gop don't seem to care.
The same team funded $7m campaign to ensure Garland wasn't put to a vote so that's $17m of dark money for a seat that is "none political"
Oh okay I honestly didn't know what you were talking about. It was a genuine question and thanks for the info.
Truly have to say it is taking way too long for him to be confirmed sitting and listening to those dams judge him as a person is sickening
You STOLE OUR SCOTUS
vote him out need to get Russia out of our government Trump and party got to go vote 2018
I though the Russians took care of this
If there is anything more annoying than @seanhannity it's @seanhannity with @tedcruz together. Match made in hell.
Drain the Swamp, Dems gave you the go if surveillance is legal, let us know what the heck is going on in Congress, Liars
Idiot
I have to say Cruz is a team player
Fillibuster
so who is an amoral liar now @TedCruz?
read: GOP shoots self in ass
When the FBI Russian  investigation is over then he can have a vote.
Assuming the seat stolen from the American people and intended for Judge Merrick Garland. #stolenseat #resist #TheResistance #Resistance
Can we also confirm you're a creepy human suit wearing monster.
Ted Cruz is a slug
And in 4-8 years, @BarackObama will be the next Justic of the Supreme Court.
In a worst nightmare
When you only need a simple majority, and the pendulum always swings back the other way....
Damn right.
Yes yes yes
Can we do it without having to listen to @SenSchumer  cry and wine all week?
Do it!
#Gorsuch ruled against women, against a child with #Autism and voted for a co. That fired a guy who almost froze to death! #VoteNO
Following the law and precedent.
All Dems represent today is mean, violent, corrupt, illegal behavior. Taking down GOP is their platform!!! Grab it all GOP while we can!
Finally the GOP have some balls!!Confirm Gorsuch!!! Dems would in a heartbeat!!! Dems are lying, corrupt enemies only here to take GOP down!
Remember when you, sen.burr and other repubs vowed to stonewall Hillary if she won! Well were the party of NO now ! U R the  swamp things!
U & urparty is bunch of Hypocrites. U need 2 wrk 4 American public only  not ur own party.I've had it w all of U need 2 go! Bring new ppl in
Yes  please Confirm Supreme Court Judge Now, Thank you Sir everyone God Bless you all 
Why was Gorsuch so evasive with questions from Dems?????? Actually revealing or hiding something with that attitude?
what has happened to us that the idiots in Congress can be so rude and a noxious to such a fine man, so qualified
Funny how @tedcruz cried when @BarackObama tried to appoint a justice and now they want to change the rules to get their guy in?
Dirty Harry Reid made the nuke option....educate yourself
Cruz: 'We Will Repeal Every Word of Obamacare'  Cruz: I won’t be a ‘servile puppy dog’ for Trump.  do you ever keep your word sir?
This judge is being nominated for Traitor Trump's personal agenda. For all the cases such as Travel Band and all his personal cases
The only saving grace of a Trump presidency is that the country is saved from the concept of a Cruz administration. In many ways identical.
perfect.!
And you, #TedCruz will be voted out.
J.Gorsuch HAS TO BE nominated,these ppl wasting our time,we need to go next step.Get to work.Good job Pres.Trump &Ted Cruz,God bless U both
Lying Ted you suck a$$
#voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout
Oh @tedcruz it's not cool! Now you are the best buddies with Donny
From your lips ...
The Dems knew the candidate would be on the order of Scalia. They never intended to except anyone chosen. We need to get the Judge confirmed
And your party have changed the rules to benefit yourselves. Watch out for when the majority swings back round. Hypocrisy is rampant.

Shouldn't we leave the ninth seat vacant like you previously mentioned?? You blocked MG so why moan if Dems block Gorsuch?
You're a sell out. I can't believe that you stand w/Trump after all he said about your wife and father. You lost any respect I had for you.

Maybe your pop was a Russian agent involved in the Kennedy assassination. Would explain your groveling to Moscow pawn #Trump
Yes!!!
Last time you were wrong..
and ted cruse should be the next
Why does Ted Cruz, a guy who gets 600k votes in a state of 27million, get to shoot off his mouth so much?  Typical republican, i guess.
every word is BS. Gorsuch is an activist conservative whose career has been bought and paid for by corporate interests
Yay!
Thank God it's not #Ted
Its obvious he is the man for the job!
I agree., this should be done and move on to completing remainder of cabinet post. #workingtogether towards #MAGA #supportAmerica
@SenTedCruz Sick of Ted’s BS yet? Check out this guy!
oh hey look! An irrelevant frog person chimed in! GFY!
Booooo!!!
@NancyPelosi, Dems, you guys lost! In African fashion - Let it be so! Americans are smart! Upcoming elections soon? @CNN @ABC @MSNBC @AC360
Dem ideas: 1) Biden: "essential” that Senate refuse to confirm nominee to the court until post election. 2) Reid: Nuclear Option. Ouch!
I AGREE WITH SENATOR CRUZ
That guy is weird looking.
I'm so glad Judge Merrick is finally being confirmed. #judgemerrick
Much respect!
Aaaa maybe
wishful thinking son!!!
Cruz is a gutless wonder.
Just do it ted stop the talking screw Chucky Schumer and his minions
He is an embarrassment as a man, as a husband, where POTUS demeaned him and his wife, and he's smirking in praise of those laughing at him.
THIS IS SO RIDICULOUS!THEEXECUTIVEBRANCHTHEJUDICIALISWAITINGTODOTHEREJOBWHILETHELEGISLATIVEBRANCHWONTDOWHATAMERICANSWANTSHOWSOMECHUTZPAH !
Your next Ted
How could Ted "the coward " Cruz show his face. Trump insulted his wife, disparaged his father and now Cruz wants to golf and dine with him.
He's a real Peach of a guy.
Too bad you lost your job on the munsters
2nd  appt by @realDonaldTrump should be Merrick Garland. What could Shumer, Pelosi & MSM say?...crickets...
Go back in your freaking hole!!! Teddy
And Trump embarrassed you right off the campaign trail & debate stage. You barked then caved to the suck up!!! As u were
excellent performance at congressional hearings.
This week, Republicans will rewrite the rules of the Senate to ram a partisan loser judge through confirmation.
Good job Ted! He deserves to be next SCOTUS
Get him in @tedcruz
About time.
Remember when I called out his wife, and Cruz just took it like a Trump handlebar?
SORRY TED, WILL NEVER SUPPORT ANY #TOKEN PICKED BY TRUMP, HE WILL JUST BE THIS SCUMBAG'S RUBBER STAMP IN THE COURT. @DonTheCon
Dems should save the fight for the next nominee.
Yes he's highly  educated & intellectually more astute than those sitting in judgment of him #gorsuch  confirm him!!!!!
Just another moderate.
One way or the other, yes. I watched much of the confirmation, he did well as the biggest hypocrites on Earth questioned him. Confirm YES
Glad Ted is on board the Trump Train! #CHOOCHOOMFER
The real swamp will be drained very soon. All these thieving, lying, crooked Russian loving fucks, all going to the big house. Very soon.
You go Ted!!!!!!! 
Confirming appointments made by an administration under FBI investigation is nonsensical.
Repubs stole that seat from President Obama. Supreme Court decisions will never be valid again, and no American need abide by them.
Also note we long ago confirmed Ted Cruz is an spineless Coward that can not stand up even for the honor of his wife. #creep
I wish Dems would stand up for the American people instead of Shumer and Pelosi and Perez. Need to vote for Gorsuch.
@Potus everything he talked about in the campaign he is bringing up and trying to get it done and he will deliver big with #gorsuch #MAGA
get em ted go @realDonaldTrump
The ONLY WAY past the "Dem Crime Syndicate" is > Nuclear Option, and, or, "DINGY HARRY'S OPTION"! Just do it and move on!
Mitch just did it.
Their funeral if they wanna blow up the Senate with the nuclear option. No majority lasts for ever in that chamber.
I don't always agree with @SenTedCruz but he's right. If the #dems won't confirm Gorsuch then they will never compromise with #Trump
Fantastic!   He will be a great addition to the court!   Keep fighting the good fight!
NuclearDems will never figure it out#confirmgorsuch
Hey Ted? I don't want to pay for that wall. 
#Resist   #NoWall
Hope they get to use the Harry Reed (nuclear) option, that way next time it won't be an issue.  No matter, Dems will use it if in power
Love the confidence! #MAGA!
Is that a threat?
No, probably a promise.
Let's hope Senator Cruz will be Justice Cruz...Let's hope it is sooner versus later
HE SHOULD BE POTUS.
hes a lot more likeable then during his liar ted cruz days lmfao
Hypocrite.
And this week Trump will make a fool of himself guaranteed
Who killed Hillary? ..... Trump voters! Yes indeed 
You could have just said trailer park trash
