Congress is crawling very slowly. They may never get there! Get the pitchforks and torches! #DoLittle #WortlessGOP
No repeal, fix it. We all deserve health care!
And yet the GOP still hasn't come up with a replacement plan so millions aren't screwed by govt again.
I refer u to @RandPaul .  Comprehensive plan.
If it wasn't for Obamacare there would be a lot less people who could get health insurance! Would you rather they die without?
:Ppl forced to pay ACA often can't pay other hshld bills yet free to non contributers. Fair if payers lose all?
I'm not saying they should have to pay for insurance. Nor should they be penalized for not being able to afford insurance.
I believe that's what reform means. I hope anyway
Yes, we all know it HAS to happen...but WILL it happen? My bet is no...but we'll see.
Since you can make time for Katie, will you please make time for your constituents with a #TownHall?
town halls are nothing but paid for shouting matches.  Waste of time and energy
THEY CANT REPEAL OBAMACARE, THEY TO WORRIED ABOUT PEOPLE SMOKING MARIJUANA.
so ... then what?
Always remember: Pussy boy Ted Cruz was never man enough to defend his wife
@Thoughtsnviews @SenTedCruz Where are the folders the GOP held up when Pres Obama said give me a plan? I guess that was BS!
People are either super jolly or super angry: sounds like some sort of national communal manic depressive
disorder
It HAS to happen, or we will find another senator who will MAKE it happen.  #allhatnocattle
.@JHoebelheinrich @KatiePavlich No one has worked harder, done more to make it happen than @TedCruz Take it up w/@JohnCornyn who just talks.
U still a Never Trumper?
. 
There will be political hell to pay if they do not repeal it and pronto!  We the people are FED UP!
Will it? We knew it had to happen the moment it was approved.
but why? One player system?
@wradwalt @SenTedCruz When??????????
A Now to convince the rest of the Republicans who promised to repeal and replace. You made a promise, now keep it!
#agreatsenator
@literaleighd 

Loathe 2 govt involvement in HC, but since we opened that box... perhaps best 2give ppl same as fed employees

Well hurry them up Ted.....
what is the plan? Why don't we deserve to know who will and who will not get healthcare.
AMEN
People need define 'repeal'. The issue with the vaste ACA is there is something for everyone to love and hate.
It should happen in the first 200 days! *Fingers crossed*
@stuntbrain @SenTedCruz its  been how many years and they STILL dont have a plan for replacement ready ? 60+ repeals & still 0
has to is a hell of a long way from will!! Had 8 yrs to prepare an alternative. Me thinks nothing is ready to go
Don't want to hear "has to" want to hear "will happen."
Brilliance, again! Semantic differences may mask essentially vital tasks. We know it has to be done.DO IT
#Texans don't have #healthcare @SenTedCruz has & hasn't been able to #repeal #Obamacare! @realDonaldTrump was right about him?
@KatiePavlich
people in USA prefer weapons than good health? I don't understand that. Please explain
that is not a true assumption
Empty words "has to happen" isn't enough information explaining why it has to happen. Limited vocab syndrome?
Coverage on mommy and daddy's policy until 26 crazy. 21 if not in college. 1 year after college not to exceed 23.
Entitlements cannot be repealed. Sad but true. Given that, good luck fixing it.
"Senators Committed to Uninsured Masses" (SCUM)
Good. Do it. Can't wait for 20M people to vote against your kind in 2018.
any form of government run/socialised healthcare will not be good for the working class
& how about replacement? Will the Republicans listen to @RandPaul?
anything besides going back to something similar to how it was before obamacare will still be obamacare
No, it really doesn't.
Who r these liars saying Obamacare is great . They most likely don't have it . Cause pplmare suffering plus fines
What parts upset you the most?
Tired of McConnell and Ryan doing nothing but giving us lip service. Dems can't stop anything, what's the holdup?
The lying Republicans on Capitol Hill better get on board, we are tired of their empty promises #MAGA
Obamacare needs to be fixed not gotten rid of! Getting Trump out of office is what needs to be done!
You can't fix this train wreck. It's a piece of crap! Repeal and replace.
And just what is wrong with it? Other than having to have insurance or pay a penalty at tax time?
It's unaffordable! Rates and deductibles have skyrocketed. My insurance ha become useless.
Actually I blame the insurance companies for that! They should make it affordable for everyone! @KatiePavlich @SenTedCruz
I blame government and all their red tape that drives up rates. Govt doesn't belong in healthcare.
So you're saying it should be up to individual states? @KatiePavlich @SenTedCruz
No, government needs to get out of healthcare completely. The role of Govt isn't healthcare.
has vs will
but WILL it?  When will the process start??
Limbaugh just said @POTUS must fight @SpeakerRyan 4 Ob-care repeal. "Trump's got to get up there & fight him"
So MAKE it happen! No excuses.
Hurry up!
And leadership pretty much assuring us it won't. Just another day of @GOP being as useless as a screen on a sub.
Where do you stand Katie
If it doesn't, the whole term is an abject failure.
and ASAP, not later; they passed bills that Obama vetoed.  So no excuses.  Let's go.
that doesn't mean it will
our monthly premium went up 20 % thanks to Obamacare
So make it so! What's the hold up Senator? This is ridiculous.
I hope u fix it the rite way and the way the voters want it
This pause to do what they were elected to do is why people hate politicians
Just look at stats on how many ran on Obamacare repeal and if they dont now, BYEBYE
Look at the GOP townhalls on ACA, they did not vote for you, they are just loud.
Yes it does.
you can't fix a busted pipe with duct tape.
If only "has to" could be turned into "will".
Amen to that!
