Senator Cruz, we are with you! If they block you.. keep fighting!!!
I am sorry I ever supported you or donated to you senate & presidential runs, when it mattered all you did was vote yes to proceed. sad liar
what harms?  you're a disingenuous party hack
u hav it backwards. smh. what is wrong w/u?
As a constitute Senator Cruz, I urge you to act on the will of the people and support #MedicareForAll. Do something good for Americans.
That is not the will of the ppl.  They want government out of healthcare
The overwhelming majority support Medicare and a plurality support #medicare4all
Who pays for it?  Higher taxes!  Get Government out of Healthcare
We pay for it now through inflated pay to play healthcare. Again, it would drive down costs if healthcare was a right and not a privilege.
I'm sure the insurance companies would distinguish between right and privilege 
Wow this is ridiculous. U mean the REPUBLICANS have stonewalled did 7 years & NOW they claim they want 2 do smthg. How do u sleep at night
OCare is on the Dems. Republicans had nothing to do with it
U r so right! They had nothing to do with any of it, they wanted no part of health care. Until now, no choice. And now they blame Dems.smh
The GOP added 160 amendments to ACA. They had a say at the table, unlike how they've completely shut out the dems with their horrid bill.
Not 1 Republican vote
Yes, but I think that highlights the hypocrisy of Cruz' argument here. You can't call the minority party "obstructionists" (1)
... When you refused to vote for a bill you had a significant role in creating, because of partisanship. (2)
Boom. @TrevorBlok drops the mic
The DC Swamp wanted hillary in office so she could finish gutting our economy, and spreading our entrails across the world. #WeThePeople
At least the Democrats did SOMETHING (ACA) which added coverage for millions. HC Costs have escalating..what cost hasn't?  Leave mandate in!
Lyin' Ted living up to his namesake. Economy added 24K health jobs per month so far in 2017. Repealing Obamacare would kill that job growth.
Get off the stage Teddy!  You and your non-sensical opinions and amendments are IRRELEVANT, because you are offering them!
too bad you are spreading lies. ACA is a huge success and that's why GOP can't come up with something better unless single payer
I pray that to be true but I do not believe they have our liberty in mind
But...but...8 years to fix Senator and Zip, Zilch, Nada
Stop lying and own that you want to throw millions of people off their hc. You've lost your honor and integrity. At least be honest.
BS!!
That is nothing but BS, your middle name
you mean after 7 years of voting 62  times to repeal and replace, you guys had NO PLAN ?? the GOp has NO CLOTHES and we have seen it now 
And after those same 7 years we have nothing from the GOP. #cannotgetitright
Merrick Garland
I see you have joined Trump in the alt universe...GOP has majority and has been blocking any progress, in fact you keep blocking yourselves!
I'm sick of all of you ! 
And why should any of You care ? You don't have the same Health Care,You guys get the Top of The Line.
Lying Ted, @POTUS words not mine, where has your plan been for the past 7 years? Yeah, that's what I thought.
We don't want a plan, we want repeal. Complete analiation of obamacrap.
Because God forbid people should have affordable healthcare.
Oh is that why obamacare was such a hugh success, because it was "affordable". Lmao
Repeal #ObamaCare completely and allow free markets to figure it out.
For goodness sakes, Senator, work with them for the good of all your constituents now. Come together and do the hard work. Now.
Now that Chaffetz is gone you have the title " Sleaziest member of Congress ". Congratulations.
I vote in Texas!
Our Obama RINOs, & Clinton RINOs are against him!  We need a new "Make American Great!" Party!
I am a conservative, I do not see any republicans, DOJ, & FBI helping him! I stand with Trump!
Ds stone walling how about 9 supposed Rs #wolvesinsheepsclothing #DoNothingCongress #allAboutReElection not the people
Your peers in the GOP need to do something. Thank you for showing true leadership @SenTedCruz
Bullshit. You have literally whined about the ACA for 7 years.  This isn't even close to a Dem problem. #2018 #Beto
Democrap are liars and hypocrites
there are no harms, it is a lie you tell yourself to try to get a huge tax break for the 1%.
Their Heritage...
Rafael, how come you don't use your given name, are you ashamed of it?  Oh right, Rafael is not Anglo enough.  Never trust some ashamed of
RAFAEL, now you know that's not true. Did your Canadian Mother raise you up to lie?
@SenTedCruz curious why it's been so difficult to reach a live person in your D.C. Office. Afraid to hear how your constituents really feel?

Says the shill for the Dominionist movement aka The Christian Taliban.  Just take the AG job and go down with this shit show already.

Health care is nation building.
Name one successful country made up of the sick, starving, & stupid (healthcare, soc safety net, education).
#LoseCruz2018 only 468 more days!  Bye bye Lyin' Ted!
I wouldn't bet your lunch money on it
Being able to get health insurance has been SO harmful to me. Seriously. I mean, that covered check up I just had was TERRIBLE!!
Who paid for your insurance?  Somebody else?
Want to fix ACA? Throw a half trillion dollars to the insurance companies. Repeat that process every few years. Sound good to you?
Cruz has stood for #FullRepeal his entire time in Congress
ACA can't be fixed. Repeal
Coward and liar
You aré my leader and I will support you as long as you do not betray out President¡
Hopefully they will all work together instead of obstruction which is what they have done for 7 months

You have a right to your opinion. Learn to respect other opinions without the need to insult others. God bless
Thanks but no thanks keep dems away from our healthcare and freedom #no second chances. Repeal the monster
Let's hear your eloquent reasoning as to why ACA is harming people
Repeal it Restore Freedom and choice in America
Nice job getting your party's pejorative for #ACA right
???
Cash any Chinese business checks today?
Obamamcare

The dems have done enough they run the debt up 10 trillion dollars. They almost destroyed America and they ste still trying.
and u had 7 years and did NOTHING, what an imagination @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC @indtx36 @DFWIndivisible @indivisibleATX
Actually,millions are grateful for the opportunity to HAVE healthcare w/Obama. You want to murder 32 Million and take it away.
Repeal the killing bill tht cause veterans & others to die! Bad doctors & stolen money tht ws laundered to Iran!
They want to do something besides pushing the Russian collusion lie ???
We need to repeal and replace Obamacare but trumpcare needs to be better before we do that
F ing daft. They want to take healthcare away. ACA could have been good in TX but Medicaid never expanded= high premiums. They played you
And your point is
my insurance just double today.was 57.00 per week, now its 104.00 and out of pocket is 6350.00 cant use much of it. free markets please
Free market means all group plans will be taxed as income becuz biz can't deduct, and everyone will be in individual mkt.
it also means more competition in the markets, i want the gov out of my health care, i cant afford more help from them
You, Sir, have a legitimate position, IMO. I disagree, but at least you are not just taking away with one hand and grasping with the other.
uncle berry took office deductible was 1200.00 the government helped alot. now out of pocket is 6350.00 please dont help me any more i broke
Good luck to you. I'll be watching to see what they do with preventative care because that's what will bring costs down most, IMO.
i really think we would be better off with a simple bare bones safety net for the really poor,sort of both a public  and private sector care
History is giving you opportunity to lead by not pointing a finger but extending a hand & doing right by America not party. Will you wilt?
Please go back to Canada @SenTedCruz. Sincerely the United States of America
Government involvement was the first mistake, there is no way to fix it

We all want the same healthcare you have, that's not asking too much, is it?
#2018
Make the most amazing healtcare accessible for everyone.
Yeah get the fairy dust out!  SMH
No harm in any state that didn't sabotage it. Ds kept waiting for Rs and got silence.
No single payer health!!
So funny. Another way of stonewalling?
Stonewalling is from GOP leadership!  Repeal Obamacare or Replace GOP leadership, both would suit most conservatives fine!!
Are you just against govt in the indv mkt or in all mkts? Makes a huge difference in how your position is received.
they've been wanting to work with you on this for years, and have been trying to bring the topic up several times. You said no.
You know that what they want to do is single payer, so you have to come up with something that works for the country and get rid of the ACA.
Your amendment Raises premiums 39% for same essential elements per Avalere.  4m less insured.
Lying on the floor of the Senate, or else you are a) on drugs or b) delusional. #Dems were not invited, @gop destroys lives with REPEAL.
Yes, expand it and make it better, not throw people off needed healthcare, and certainly not try to pass off junk policies as coverage.
Expand it r u crazy? What entitles u 2 taxpayers money? I'm insuranceless 4 the 1st time N my life becuz ACA do u care NO u only GIMME MINES
Yes, expand it to include everyone. You would have coverage and it drives down the cost of healthcare.
Thats called singlepayer u goof N Ucan keep it it dosnt drive down the cost if it did Cali wouldnt hv jus thrown it out #DNCFraudLawsuit
Yes a singlepayer system, perhaps something like #MedicareForAll. Universal healthcare is something every 1st world county has except the US
And after 7 years to come up with a plan the GOP don't know what to do
Democrats always step up for appearance purposes, but they're the reason we are in this mess. They know it and have no clue how to fix it
The bigger problem is the GOP don't know how to fix it since they don't have a plan.... they make one up on the fly. Ud think after 7 years?
We don't want it fixed. We want it destroyed.
It's been 7 years of repeal Obama care votes by the GOP,but r now creating the new healthcare bill on the fly.Where the fuck have they been?
the democrats yell Russia Russia Russia, their signature healthcare plan implodes. Democrats always make such a mess for others to clean up
Elimination of Glass-Steagal. Financial crisis in 2008. Whose mess?
WTF..... They've held dozens of votes to repeal Ocare, with a majority... they're just a bunch of clowns
Cussing doesn't make your argument more legit. We want obamacare to crash and burn. And it is. We don't want a replacement for the crap.
Said the man from the party of no
7 years, and we've all moved on and thousands have access.  Get over the 2010 win and help us insure coverage. #healthcare #holdingagrudge
Get Government out of healthcare
Ted follow me
Work together
You should have been more honest when you ran for president. You might have been elected then!
Because a WordPress blog says so. Pfffbbbbbbt!!!
