How DISGUSTING. PLACING LIARS & THIEVES IN CRITICAL POSITIONS.
45 has no knowledge of the constitution
Gorsuch believes companies should fire employees who defy orders that would cost their lives. How do you support this?
Hey Fox News, the election ended half a year ago. I know you have a crush on Hillary, but it's time to get over it.
William is facinated with president trump. Get over you guys lost.
You're literally the only one still talking about the election. You keep saying "get over it", but no one is even talking about it but u lol
You're deaf and dumb kid.Many are still talking about putting her criminal ass in prison.
We need neither, we need a fair constitutional lawyer on the side of the people, not the corporations or Republicans or Democrats.
About as principled a plagiarist
That is the most important reason I voted for him, for my kids!! Trump
Hope ucanafford insurance & private schools. Also, u wont mind major polluting of our air & water for them
I think democrats are starting something to get away from Russia and surveillance on Trump
So delusional
How bout quit kissing ass and repeal and replace Obamacare!
Then why did McConnell change da rules???  Rep. Babies. Whaaaa Whaaaa The rules are there for a reason, WISH he'd crawl
Just wondering how many of these Dems will be left in Congress after the mid term elections in 2018
More we all hope.
Thats a lie. Merrick Garland is not a liber activist. Gorsuch allowed co 2 fire man 4 trying 2 save his life - what kind of man does that?
Someone that knows the law and doesnt rule based on feelings. Dont like it? Change the law. Not his job to make laws.
How is it that every jusge before him ruled the opposite way? Its interpreting the law not knowing it.
Maybe they were left leaning activist judges and not constitutionalist? His record stands for itself.
Yes it does which is why I support a no.
And I support a yes. Constitutionalist! #confirmgorsuch
haha Russia, treasonous predator Trump turned his back on you
Thank you, Mr. Cruz
Confirming Judge Gorsuch is a win for America, Liberty, Justice, & Rule of Law.
The real battle will lie w/the next few open SCOTUS seats
Sick of Ted's BS? Check out this guy!
@SenateMajLdr @DESenateGOP if must #NuclearOption please make extra conservative Judge @tedcruz #MakeItCount Love #Gorsuch 4next #SCOTUS
Ted Cruz is a total hack. Beto is coming for you! An actual Texan to boot. @BetoORourke
GOP=party of obstruction at detriment to our country.
Cnn nbc abc yahoo all anti-American
Go TRUMP
Cast off Dems stonewalling. Confirm Gorsuch for the good of all Americans and the original meaning of the Constitution.
Cruz2020 Let's get it right this time!
@mjgranger1 @tedcruz The Democrats would only agree to their own candidate. Gorsuch does not fit that criteria. Confirm him!!!
There is no valid vacancy.
.The mere fact that he was nominated by #PutinsPuppet makes him unconstitutional. Period! #StopGorsuch #TrumpRussia #IllegitimatePOTUS
LYING ted, she did NOT promise any such thing --liar!!!  What's  your definition of liberal judges ?
Translate that please for Hillary. C O N S TI TU T I O N A L I S T...
#lastterm #russia #LIES #POTUSgolftrip #DOyourjob
Let's all get our 'news' @FoxNews Sexual Predator Headquarters.
#NuclearOption
And Putin promised trump the country!   Quit whining.
GOP pull the damn trigger already 
Let's hope so & hopefully 2 more to follow in the next 4 years!  The left will come completely unhinged when that happens. #Undo40years
ParwaizAli
Garland.
And u said u were no "servile puppy" but stood for principles, yet u support/suck up to Trump now.... Hillary's not the only hypocrite
"Principled #Constitutionalist" = willing to rule for #bigbusiness, #government, #wealthy, #Christian #GOP over common man, law, decency.
Stolen pick
If this is winning I'd rather lose.  Leave them @ 8 until FBI treason investigation complete.  Why rush When legitimacy is under question?
Go nuclear or go home!!!
OK
U ALLOWED THAT MENACE 2TALK AbOU YOR WIFE N FATHR N NOW U KISSIN HIS TAIL HAV YOR WIFE BREAKN BREAD W HIM SHE N U SHOUL B ASHAME LIEING TED
口才真好！
Stop this nonsensical charade and go nuclear!
Dems didnt mind before, unanimously voted before. #confirmgorsuch
Confirm him. Before your recess to give you any credibility of leadership !
Trump also promised to expose the truth about your wife.  You gonna hold him to all his promises?
Elections have consequences #confirmgorsuch
A principally un-American Constitutionalist, you mean. We don't expect you to understand, coming from Canada. #WorstSenator
Donald Trump also claimed that Ted Cruz's father was involved in JFK assassination, so .....
No war with Syria tell Trump not to listen to deep state bureaucrats
this is why I voted republican ...
THANK GOD KILLERY DIDN'T WIN 
You could as easily reverse those phrases and you hacks know it.
Then maybe he should have answered the questions the committee asked him. Another Trumpkin appointee. No way.
a constitutionalist with no soul
Can you say,set up
Let's support president in this matter
You must be trying to make some kind of sick joke.
Ted. Which position are you running for in the soon to be toppled administration? Sad!
Another lying trumpy lie.
What about Garland?
If Gorsuch was principled he would unmask dark money donors he has no ethics or morals & if he takes seat in this way his reputation is gone
This country is so screwed up a pathetic liberal activist judge would of totally destroyed what's left of us!
One way or another you better get Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme Court, No Excuses!!
Yeah but we didn't know this sociopath was taking orders from mother Russia.
Citizens United was unprincipled and treason on the american people..d bags scalia and gorsuch
Where is your coverage of bill O'Reilly's sex scandal?!! I thought you guys were the "real news"!
Trump promised a lot of things that he's not holding to.
Please, Please put this man on the bench!
Even a blind pig stumbles on an acorn now and then
important reason why she lost
Elections have consequences, Barry Obama, '08 to Senator McCrazy!
I hope Hillary Clinton chokes on her own penis this morning
And nobody cares what you think or say.
#NeilGorsuch is anti-women and pro-corporation- he does not care about people and is not an independent thinker
And Obama gave you a great judge and you refused to hold hearings. The @GOP has no ground to complain
He also promised a pro life judge.Gorsuch sure didn't sound pro life in his answers. Please explain
Sadly, Ted Cruz lost all credibility when he became a loyal Trump-ire after Trump insulted Cruz's wife and father.
Wow, thin skinned!
Who cares what Hillary wanted.  She NEEDS to be in Prison for the rest of her life!
Pres. Obama promised a principled Judge that was acceptable to both sides. AND MERRICK GARLAND WAS NOT EVEN CONSIDERED.
U Mean  A Corp Sympathizer
When gorsuch gets seated the scouts won't be totally un balanced any longer. With turn coat Roberts it's real iffy
President Obama sent moderate Judge Merrick Garland Rs did not even speak to him so stop your hypocritical lying #YouStartedIt remember
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz Bible thumpers r gonna decide what's good 4 US? Didn't they give us a pussy grabber Pres that's a dictator?
To be a democrat or never trumper, you have to abandon all sense of logic and morals To lie cheat and steal is worth it in the end because
Cruz, you look and act more like trump then ever. Do you still endorse his unethical manners and activities?
#Gorsuch has ruled against women’s & LGBTQ rights & sided w/ employers over employees and favored corporate interests over public interests
Shut up, lying Ted?
I heard J.Gorsuch, he talks logic &constitutionally, what's wrong w/opponents? They are terrible/destroyed us before;they don't own America
Gorsuch... Advocate for the pigs in Animal Farm.
Filibuster away, Dems. And again. Remember Merrick Garland.
Trump wouldn't know a principled constitutionalist if he tripped over one. And you and hannity have no principles at all. So sad.
you all better HOPE there's nothing to this Trump/Rusdia collusion claim.
They are all so corrupt, it is picking the lesser of two evils.  Thing to focus on is if you are clean!
While President Obama nominated a judge that didn't even get a hearing for nearly a year.
Pretty soon they be going after his grand kids. Asking them if they have Russian friends. Lol
Just more Fox lies. She did no such thing.
I was going to make the used car salesman analogy, but that is unfair to the car guys.
What happened to Merrick Garland?
HERE IS SOME REAL NEWS!!
HERE IS SOME REAL NEWS!!!
Stolen. #NeilGorsuch #fakenews
Merrick Garland should have been given a confirmation hearing. Nuclear option to confirm Gorsuch is wrong on so many levels!
Sorry dear, it's the way govt. works. Go back to ninth grade and listen this time
Just because it is allowed doesn't make it right.
Then change the rules. A lot in govt. isn't right especially when it rules against your siste
Completely agree! How's that for bipartisanship!
Invite little Chuckie Shumer to witness the inevitable Trump triumph.  He has no power left as a pitiful minority.  Actually pitiful gent.
Americans are going to celebrate big time when Judge Gorsuch is soon appointed to SCOTUS. What a pity Dems are acting like bad losers.
Neil Gorsuch is in NO WAY a Constitutionalist like Judge. He bases all his decisions on his own personal beliefs #ImpeachTrump #cruzisaliar
@Me262A1 here ya go
Exactly Elections have consequences, D need to get over it already!
Principles matter. #HillaryClinton #DonaldTrump #NeilGorsuch
.@tedcruz: #HillaryClinton promised a liberal activist, and #DonaldTrump promised a principled Constitutionalist like Judge #NeilGorsuch. 
We can't trust a @POTUS who's under investigation by the @FBI to make important decision that would have consequences for decades.
But killery would have been a better option? Hahaha
Russian bot!
Your speaking of killery doing the uranium deal I presume
U r the embodiment of a hypocrite! U said ud block Supreme nomination for 4 yrs if Clinton elected, now throw mud at Dems!
Just like they did when Bush was on the way our. How conviently you forget
I hope so Sen. Cruz. Thank you.
Gorsuch is not a Constitutionalist. He's an Originalist. There's a difference. And he's dangerously to the right of Scalia.
What's dangerous about up holding the constitution?
Russian Trolls 
Servile puppies
idiots
cult followers
Retire lying ted in 2018
Yea for him.

OMG!!! These people are making us looks stupid! They need to GROW UP and do their jobs! I am so tired of listening to their lies and wining!
Integrity is not a part of the Dems jurisdiction. That's why voted NeilGorsuch out. Dems Dimwits would rather go nuclear. Imagine that's
Integrity like holding up a vote on a nominee for nearly a year? It's the Reps that want to go nuclear to get there terrible nominee through
Sounds like you don't know a thing about politics buddy
Hahaha. Everything you've said is backwards. 
The swamp gets deeper
Why don't you hire Bill Cosby to co-anchor the #OReillyFactor.
Just once I want to hear a Republican or Trump defend some idiotic action they made without mentioning Obama or Clinton. Is it possible?
.And thank the good lord that Trump won.
After $13M in payouts, loss of advertising and a new suit today all for the serial abuser .... you have no credibility.
FOX, home of the harassed women.
You need to look at all of his actions and they do not meet the standard of someone to sit on our highest court
Merrick Garland
Exactly!
Oh teddy. Your such a disgrace to our nation. Our kids will look at this period of time and wonder how we made it. #pleaseresign
Didn't Trump promise to show his taxes?
I've said all along that Hillary was going to nominate Obama for SCOTUS.
Big difference. He is a man of honor and integrity. Very rare these days. Seems many in gov. Have forgotten what that means.
If there was a legitimate reason not to confirm him, that would be ok. For Dems to just play politics and reject him, voters should be upset
It is a matter of what one deeply believes in. If one wants someone who is going to uphold the highest standards then there can be no doubt
I wonder if teds wife is ok w him being a puss.
Wise man that Ted Cruz
How many people do you personally know that would've voted for Donald Trop if it not for that Hillary leaks don't answer that.Answer is zero
Filibust,, he knows he has that to realize
We were nice with Gorsuch-middle of the road conservative. Next opening: Reps go hard core - we'll confirm Ted Cruz!!! 
@tedcruz: #HillaryClinton promised a liberal activist, and #DonaldTrump promised a principled Constitutionalist like Judge."Oh Canada!"
We didn't vote for the Democrats,  therefore implement our rights to have Hirsch as SCOTUS.

How can he support Trump after he spoke of his wife the way he did? No respect at all!
Obama never trashed anyone's physical appearance, Trump has trashed every person that has questioned him.
I will do everything in my power to help get @tedcruz voted out. What a joke.
Elections matter.
A liberal activist like Garland?
Ted you are showing a lot of class. Something the democrats clearly lack and could stand a few lessons in.
lying ted cruz - back at kissing Trump's ass - whatever happened to "vote your conciseness"
He could be useful.  Better than some others.
Drug testing for unemployment. What about drug testing for welfare
What about drug testing for congress?
Another good idea!  Let's keep people to the same standard no matter who they are.  Up to the doctor and patient.
How is Garland a liberal activist?
Can we please have an adjective free conversation? Is that possible?
Guess Repubs should have taken a few meetings with Garland when it was constitutionally required. For some reason they chose to pass.
we thank God for hearing our prayers even though we have been a rebellious Nation God has Mercy and will save America
Well said Cheryl!
When you don't have anything relevant to say, like The Donald, just say Hillary.
@ihearthk4 Lmao
that was so Telly of moral character, or lack of.
Telling
At least we knw the John Kennedy story
 Any explanation?
Clinton never nominated anyone so how would you know, Ted? You partisan hack.
L
No vote until Trump/Treason investigation is complete.
Don't ya mean Clinton/Treason investigation? She is only one that has taken bribes and mishandled classified intel and been proven
I mean the the active investigation into Trump collusion with Russia.
which has been done a dozen times already and there has been 0 links found? yet dem's keep claiming it?
We didn't know about the investigation until 2 weeks ago.
where have you been? they been doing it since like at least September.
GOP blocked 79 Obama nominees w/ filibuster before Reid went nuclear

McConnell will use it after Dems say they'll filibuster ONCE
yup....
Donald Trump accused Ted Cruz' dad of being involved in the Kennedy assassination.
Let's dwell on the past so that we can lose the future!!
Thank you senator Cruz
