Thank you Senator Cruz for all you do!
What does he do other than blow trump? Insult my father , me my wife. Ok i'll still blow u off
You must be on losers Dems payroll or then again you are just too stupid to see what is in your good interest, Blow all you want. LOL
Sorry you must have lost too many brain cells in that stroke you survived.
I hope u feel good about that reply, i have'nt loss so many , that i don't realize u need prayer.
sorry! I was mad.
Clearly, u were.  its  ok, I forgave u the moment i read it.
I thought you were all about fiscal responsibility?  #hypocrite
On this matter I do not trust you or implicitly the Koch bros.
Wrong
Because a $20 trillion national debt just isn't big enough for Republicans!
Ummmm. Your guy added $10T. Now you’re worried about the deficit? Hypocrite liberal.
You know that Congress (not POTUS) creates the US budget, right? Republicans have controlled Congress for years. 
Years or have they controlled senate since 2015?
And the House for even longer. Point is: blaming the POTUS - or one party - for the current deficit is at best an incomplete picture.
With all the facts coming out about more corruption with the Clintons, why isn't Sessions or our government filing charges?  It's time!
How do you justify lying to the public ?  You are a Christian man ?  No, you my man are a bigoted, liar....
Does the President still believe your father was somehow involved in JFKs assassination?  Will the opening of the files finally settle it?
Thank you for supporting our President.
But does not cut anything...so disappointed in supposed conservatives u included
A bill of sale, with no merchandise, lyin Ted lives up to his name, just trumps rubberstamp
You guys will fail at that also.
Hog wash... a  tax cut for the rich. You said Reagans tax cut  took 15  Years for  Clinton to have a budget surplus
Texas time to vote Lying Ted out and rebuild our State with truth/equality & bring back decency and morals, which Ted has none of! Retweet!
U must be the smartest person in Tx. U should run instead, u may not win u seem to have values
Please don't RAISE taxes!
Removing Property Tax Deduction throws some into higher bracket!
Lose deduction & then increase %!
They also screwed the Medicare recipients. Stand up for our rights. That is, if we have any anymore.
Its on the damn screen Ted.
.@SenTedCruz said he never called Social Security a Ponzi scheme. But Ted, we got it on the damn screen. 
The rich most of all
Hey #Republicunt , I saw you at the club last night...
Thx Ted
There is no reason for half a tax cut! Make it happen Mr. Cruz. Work overtime and put together a great plan! We need this!
Ted, you and your puppet master are going to turn the entire US into the debacle that is Kansas with these cuts.
Exellent. We need this done. Thank you for you help and guidance.
Let's hope so.  We have heard this before, but the Republicans can't seem to work together.  If not, by by when election time comes.
Thank you. Mr Cruz.  Can count on a Texan
Steal from the middle class and give to Donald Trump? Texas deserves better than Cruz and GOP policies.
Great! Now get it done.
So suddenly lyin' Ted doesn't care about adding $1.5 trillion to the national debt?
You and the rest of the @GOP are following the orders of the Koch brothers and not your constituents



Ever notice how Cruz’ snapchat pic looks like count Chocula?
It will be your Waterloo...kiss being president goodbye
Not all just the rich
Thank Goodness we finally have a pathway to real tax reform that will really boost this economy. Hopefully the Repubs can KEEP their act together long enough to get this tax reform DONE so kitchen table Americans can have tax relief!
Rand Paul though...that's just weird.
Cruz, 2024 !    You have my vote Ted.
We want answers to Russia and who liked porn on your twitter!

I think u meant to say top 1% instead of "American people"
When the top 1% pay close to 50% of the taxes of course it helps them. But Ted isn’t a classist. He wants all Americans to save money.
I know you trying hard to stay relevant !
You say eliminating the estate tax will help farmers and "regular" Americans?  Think again.  Your head is in the clouds.  Help is for 1%.
Bull Shit
Correction: TAX CUTS FOR THE SUPER RICH....NO!
Are you a classist? Do you hate people based on their income?
My question is “WHAT IS THE BRACKET START-END FOR THE 3 TAX GRUOPS??? IS THAT A BIG SECRET? IS SOMEONE IN THE HOUSE&SENATE AFRAID OF MATH???
Awesome go get them Ted!
To which Americans? Not all & adding to the deficit. How do you justify this to grandkids?
The budget resolution just passed will help offset the cut in government income.
For the 1%. The rest get scraps.
We need Tex reform, not just tax cuts
Don’t slow down they’re on the run,congrats.
Liar.This is to pay off your donors, the uber rich,and corporations. Majority don’t worry about estate taxes. GOP will pay at the polls
Or the foundation for massive deficits and cuts to services Americans value!
Little Ted. You are a piece of dog crap. You lie every time you open your mouth
Pay for your porn and stop giving handouts to the rich.
BULLSHIT! LYIN' TED CRUZ!
Middle and low get screwed

Medicaid and Medicare mandate me into a program I don’t want. Tax cuts let me spend money my way. I’ll stick with liberty thanks.
Senator Cruz...the Robin Hood comment you made to Bernie was an instant classic!
So you’re a classist? Hating the wealthy is no different than hating the poor. You should be ashamed.
It is for rich people!!
Your a lying crook!!!
Kill the middle class
Fraud tax plan to help richest 1%.
Real tax cuts to big business and the wealthy you mean
What if you didn't cut our taxes? Imagining spending the money to help people and not on bombs, tanks, and indefinite wars?!
They won’t cut “our” taxes anyway. They’ll cut THEIR taxes.
Your puppet master donors must be proud of you.
BullShit! Ted. Real tax cuts to your owners.
Thank you Senator Cruz!
Repeal WEP & GPO!
Lyin’ Ted...the only thing Dotard Trump was ever right about.
Wow!
In Dickinson TX, hurricane damage repair funding is available only to those who agree not to boycott Israel. http://iakn.us/2hQT0ob 
You should be ashamed of yourself! The deficit is going to skyrocket just so you can give tax cuts to the rich. You're despicable!
Right
Good lord do something about the healthcare!!  My premiums have gone from $187, to $337, to now $505 for next year!!!! Deductible and out of pocket increased while coverage decreased!  Now I'm only limited to 2 PCP visits a year then it's out of pocket!?!
Really... really?
Bullshit. Show us exactly how this helps the poor and middle class.
I DOUBLE DARE YOU TO DEFINE MIDDLE CLASS! 

I'LL BET YOU CAN'T
Have fun adding 4 trillion to the deficit !
More porn money for you!
You mean tax cuts for the wealthiest American people that will come at the expense of the middle class & poorest Americans! #Shill4the1%
Parroting old and debunked Democrat dogsh*t won't get you anywhere.
You misspelled ‘the top 2% of the American people.’ Again.
Real tax cuts? Really real tax cuts!?
 
Senator, you have quite the way with words. Keep it up. Televangelist level oratory. Bravo. Superb.
And to YOUR pocket book me Goldman Sachs....can't believe trumps populist supporters are buying this crap. Fraud.
You hold stocks, right? I await your shareholder letters expressing your approval of  pre-tax profit % ( wages) in light of  tax %
To deliver? Ya, no matter the consequences. TBH I don't think your party knows how to lead, or govern. #GOPisChaos and you're dragging US
I'll believe it when I see it!
Oh lyin' ted you know you only want to help millionairs.
Let's get there stand strong!
Good job @SenTedCruz. Now tax reform!!!!
No it didn’t do anything for most Americans! Just the rich! And you did it at the cost of medical insurance for most Americans!
How about spending cuts? Did you vote for less spending today?
Yes. That is what the budget resolution did. To help offset the tax revenue lost with tax cuts.
Liars.
Huge difference between wishing and delivering. The @SenateGOP has failed us & Violated promise after Promise. Why weren’t entitlements cut?
Why HAVEN’T you done even more to hurt poor people, Senator? What WOULD u do with the $42 in taxes u pay a YEAR towards SNAP, lady?
Why don’t you pay as much as you want and let her spend her money her way? Stop pushing your morals on her. You can pay extra if u want.
ummm.. deliver massive tax breaks to the top 1% -- the billionaires and profiteers who pay Ted Cruz to deceive voters with brazen lies.

The American people meaning the wealthy 1% donors?  Payback is, indeed, a bi*ch.

Alternative title is the “American Recession Act,” so, that’s not good.
Tax reform is done
Yep, u just keep ignoring our voices, the majority of Americans. We will only get louder. Our voices will be heard!
And somehow Biff Tanen will screw it up!

What happened to fiscal conservatism? When did GOP bexome the spend-more party?
SEN CRUZ YOU ARE ALWAYS WORKING HARD TO MAKE LIFE BETTER FOR THE PPL YOU WERE GREAT IN DEBATE WITH SEN SANDERS YOU ARE BRILLIANT
And you are delusional! And ur delusions cause harm 2 urself & the rest of us!
Thank you!
DO IT!!!!!
And also to deliver us to an even greater deficit, and another economic crisis as we are 21 trillion in debt and rising.
“the American people” who are the wealthiest 5% & fund @gop candidates.
Taking out money to fuel the 1%. Thanks Freaken losers.
We don’t need a tax cut! We need affordable heath insurance. No tax cut will offset soaring premiums.
My premium soared (tripled) and deductible quadrupled since 2012.  Tax cuts would be nice.
Yes be proud now you can give your donors big tax breaks and take away from poor elderly working class wow great job oh yeah for donors
Help the rich by bankrupting America. That is the Republican way.
Thank you! Let's boost this Economy!
Cut this money loose!
You Republicans are like tapeworms.
American rich people. #Lies
Please cut the Estate Tax and Alternative Minimum Tax  (AMT). I want a bigger yacht.
Mr. Cruz, this doesn't help anyone in the middle.
What about the trillion$ it adds to the deficit?!? CONservatives??
Thank you for your yes vote .what happened with Rand Paul
Whither Russian Sanctions, Cruz? They were due on OCT 1. Is Trump a TRAITOR? Or extremely incompetent? Or... both?
It's like you learned nothing from watching the uncontrolled spillover of the Barker and Addicks reservoirs
Of course me and you both know what it's like to not worry bout hoi polloi things like flood infrastructure, we both live in high rises.
And Texans are rallying around a real leader to replace Ted. Vote @BetoORourke in 2018!
Ummm...no...
American "rich" people.

not true.
