Do you really think you can sugar coat a dud, then cram it down our throats, and expect we're just going to continue to vote for you?  SAD
Congress needs to be drug tested.
Good work.  How many new jobs are you making for drug testers?  How much will each test cost the tax payers of Texas?  How much in total?
Overreach of government and waste of tax payer's money. #MakeTexasBlue
Not the answer: imagine how many more workers we're adding to the federal rolls; and, not to mention the cost. This from a Conservative.
Test the crazy-ass prez your party allowed to hijack our government.
Brady you sold your soul to 45. Please do not waste our time tweeting out what YOU did. We do not care any more. Your days are numbered.
Support Trump don't be sxared by any elections, MAGA Americans first not self interests
Cool, what about their dependents that rely on that income? "Sorry, kid, your dad shouldn't have smoked weed. No food/shelter for you!"
Only ones wasting money is liberals who let their President send $18 trillion to our enemies, while doing nothing for america, Obama fraud
Only ppl with a problem are the ones on welfare that are doing drugs..liberals need to quit trashing America,we have a good thing going here
Let's hope you go down in 2018; and thanks for selling out our internet privacy to your campaign contributors-that's why it's a swamp
When is your next town hall? Why won't you give your constituents an opportunity to tell you that you suck?
Thank you for treating some more who one laid off and lost their job, like  a criminal
What a joke.  His national security advisor is about to flip on him and rather than get his tax returns, you still pretend trump is legit.
Not only did Republicans cheat (I'll never assume you won't) but you think we whine.  it's not whining, it's resisting.Every single day.
Now if we could just drug test members of congress and the white house we would all be happy.  Might check income tax while we are at it.
BHO would of been kicked out for cocaine.
I'll bet you're real proud of yourself.  You Republicans are all anti-union and anti-worker
When can we drug test federal employees, like Congress?
please REPEAL THE WEP PROVISION AND THE GPO.
so now taxpayers w/jobs have to pay for all the drug testings of the unemployed? sounds like another gov b.s program.
This has been proven as a waste of money. Why does Texas want to repeat mistakes of other states?
If it was a proven waste of money barack hussein obama wouldn't have stopped it!
Trump tipped off Putin, who tipped off Assad about the bombing.I think Trump was in on planning the chemical attack. You're a traitor, Brady
Only fair if you test as well. You must all be on drugs.
THANKGOD.IM SO PLEASED TO KNOW THAT THE OBAMA ERA OF RULE HAS NOW BEEN WIPED FROM OUR HISTORY BOOKS.8 YEARS OF OPRESSION GONE.THANKU
Always a focus on the poor why don't we make sure that anyone that bids on government contracts are drug tested?
Drug test the entire White House. The Presidentbis surely drunk or high.
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/RepKevinBrady/status/847894480254623744 … (Ranked 15th for Mar 31.)
It is the right move.
definitely! I'm happy abt this EO.
It looks like Putin helped Trump win the primary not just the general election
YEA!
Drug testing tried & failed in Florida and other states. It costs hundreds of thousands, drug use very low. Implying poor are untrustworthy?
Hey Ted did Trump ever apologize to you or your wife for his demeaning of her during the campaign! I guess so because you are AH buddies now
Should test you too.  This will lose money for your state, and give profit to some testing company.
Keep er going,,, drug tests are cheap,, maybe use the extra $ 4 those that truly deserve help.
@lisav1023  Times have been hard but there are some people on unemployment who take handouts for granted. I think it's a good idea.
I want to see random drug and alcohol testing done on ALL people in government with a second test positive removal from office !
I've noticed on the day you have competition in #2018 Texas appears in your tweets, how convenient to think of your constituents now
I have not seen many more wastes of taxpayers $ than these drug testing programs for welfare. Show me the stats and the ROI.
And he will be out on '18.
I don't have a problem with that.
Congress power is keep USA naturalized via "uniform rule of naturalization". This means the same natural kind.
Naturalization really means....Congress power is keep USA naturalized. The same natural kind.
Its about time needs to be required for welfare benefits and for all members of congress time they live under the laws they pass.
Yay!!! Thanks for making it okay to waste millions of dollars making poor people  feel even worse. Way to waste our resources!  
This is demoralizing to those already hurting.
President Trump is going to wiped out Obama's entire worthless legacy in the first year Thank God
We should drug test Senators & Congressman too..
Proven waste of tax dollars in the states it's been tried.  Do you even read the studies about this?  Do you even read? Do you even?
now let's do something 4 @POTUS & American ppl on healthcare & taxes
Good law. Keep it moving.
Would it be better to spend more on drug rehab? Oh no we might piss off a drug co donor who make money on addiction
Pretty pathetic collection of racist demagogues that my embarrassment of a senator has fighting over him
You shouldn't be tweeting about ANYTHING other than Russia hacking our democracy.
and a waste of taxpayers money, but whatever...
@SteveSGoddard @realDonaldTrump @SenTedCruz THANK YOU DONALD J. TRUMP!
All hail Commissar Pu$$y Grabber! 'Murica!!!
It is Crazy that mandatory drug tests for anyone collecting unemployment isn't already happening..  
What a great team!   Keep it up everyone.  The people see all your hard work.  Hold the fort
How is this a win for anyone but LabCorp and Quest Diagnostics?
yes.
Common sense law that of course Dems would never do because it is not PC for them.
This is a huge waste of money. It was found completely cost ineffective.
I'm getting to warm up to you Ted Cruz. Don't blow it.
Republicans always look for ways to screw the little guy no matter the cost, why not drug test members of congress and cabinet? Hmmm
Not a win for taxpayers who have to finance these drug tests..
awesome!!!!
Slavery?
You know this wastes money and yet you tout fiscal conservative memes like it's a real thing.
It's looking like you choose poorly on which coat tails to ride... or more telling , arse to kiss.
The Woodlands residents are extremely concerned with this administration and you are complacent!
did you bother to check what happened when that criminal @FLGovScott did this? Good luck #idiot
What, just because it's an Obama-era rule, you think we'll be thrilled? What was the bill? Why did you abolish it? Give us facts, not BS.
Any Obama-era rule abolished is a good Obama-era rule abolished.  Damn marxist socialist traitor.
That is a blind and ignorant attitude. Look for facts and see whether a thing is actually good for you or not. Don't base it on who did it.
Obama worked to destroy America. Socially, economically, militarily. He gave our enemies billions, subverted our allies. He is a traitor.
Facts don't matter, living wages don't matter, vendetta's against the poor sure are important though.
Is that why wallstreet and bankers all wanted Hillary?  GMAFB.  Demwits have been exposed. There is no lying your way back.
See if he bought stock in testing company the state will use.
What a SCAM. Let me guess, you have $$$ in the drug testing industry? Great way to waste MORE tax dollars, all to humiliate people in need.
Hey why don't you care about Trump's tax returns?
