Ted Cruz hasn't worked a day for Texas

Vote from a true Texan, vote @BetoORourke @RepBetoORourke
Let's get all the facts before going to war for decades throwing our troops lives away for a 1400 yr conflict & a military not equip & ready
The U.S. used Napalm in Vietnam.
Out of curiosity - where does your knowledge of what weaponry is or isn't available in the Syrian war come from?
Chemical weapons existed in World War ONE. Not only Syria has them, they have used them before. As had Saddam.
So, yes, it really happened. I recommend you trust the "lying news" a bit more, and internet messages a bit less.
First of all, it didn't look staged to me. What I saw was consistent with what I know of chemical warfare.
I'm so glad we have a President with a heart for the innocent children . I certainly support support him in taking out the Syria Airport.
However, Ted we really do have to take a breath and strategize what's next. Is further escalation the right route forward?
Talk is cheap @SenTedCruz
Love ya, Ted, but I'm not sure what the point of your tweet is.  Was someone unsure about you feelings on this? Anyway, nuke-opt the Dems!
Yeah, January unemployment is Trump's doing....but a foreign airstrike is Obama's doing.
You condemn it as long as the refugees do not want to come here.  You did not condemn it when Obama was in office
Trump's new boss brought the weapons in. Cruz did not authorize a strike in 2013 simply because  Obama wanted to.
Hmmm. These look like the same refugees you guys don't want here. Interesting.
When is our town hall?
what took you so long ? did you need a focus group ? @tedcruz45 @texastribune @txlege
Explain to #Trump just what has happened. He seems clueless, along with Rex...
So what are you going to do about it to ensure it doesn't happen again?
Me too. But I remind you that you represent TEXAS not Syria #LoseCruz2018
something all decent people can agree about. Need to stand up against Assad & the Russians in support of human rights.


@POTUS 
@VP 
You are acting very weak. Timid. I expected a lot more from you on muslim terror. Disappointed.
Good for you Ted. What about the knucklehead President of ours? Fox News needs to tell him what to think on this as well?
We need to get the executive order to screen who come to US before this happens here.
The big question is what is the US going to do about it
You wouldn't be human if you didn't!! I condemn our leaders if we don't save who we can, and mop the floor with, you know what I mean!!
Sounds like Obama with his strong words
Which is more than Trump has done.
Are those chemicals weapons of mass distraction?
Agreed - but who did it.... so much fake news about Syria!!!!!!
Praying
I condemn it too. That's all y'all do is say unacceptable. Do nothing.
Horrible and so sad.
Then do something about it..TIME WILL TELL..
It would be nice if 45 gave a damn. Oh wait. it's Obama's fault. #moronsinpower. #godhelpus. #impeachment cantcomesoonenough
Dont think its not practice!
@SenTedCruz What should U.S. do in response?
The you should condemn @realDonaldTrump & Rex Tillerson too. We'll wait.
I believe either side could have done it. They'll do anything to spread their propaganda.
But Trump says we have to live with Assad. A Russian client. How about turning your condemnation into action.
Well Mr Ted, you won't let them come to our country but they are getting gassed in theirs mmmmm Can't understand the hypocrisy.
It's time we take these terrorist seriously
What I condemn is filling our nation with Islamists. The most evil people on the planet.
Totally agree. I don't understand why some people are ok with this I don't understand..
Liberals & the liberal media are still promulgating the peaceful & tolerant lie.
it is pathetic...time for Assad to pay for this atrocity!!  No action emboldens that asswipe!  Obama redline..lol.
It seems that it is still unclear as to what exactly occurred. I would say no action can be taken until it is certain who is to blame.
Senator, the Assad regime has done this before & got away with it. Syria & her people doesn't need our condemnations. They need our actions.
Condemn all you want @SenTedCruz But what are you going to do???  Tired of this lip service.
100%  

Check the dates.. Pentagon knows who did it. Russia just attacked too.. Tons of reports. 

@RandPaul
@POTUS
@VP
@DeptofDefense
but will turn your back on refugees from there
No just got the ones in with the chemical weapons in their pockets
what about saying #POTUS was wrong to blame Former President Obama.
So many heartbreaking tragedies that could have/should have been avoided.
Maybe the GOP US Senate, and the so called @Potus should stop coddling Putin, who supports Assad, who kills children? Worse than Obama!
then please do something about White House collusion with murderous putin
U can Thank yr boss 4 this one ! @realDonaldTrump allowed Assad to do this 2 these innocent people and babies.Trumps body count is rising
By restricting reporting to only anti-Assad activists the @BBC sets itself up as a highly biased & prejudiced news outlet. Rebels did this.
We're not invading them.  Cease.
The @BBC make claims in their article which are based on flawed and untrustworthy information obtained by anti-Assad activists. #FalseFlag
How would you know that?
This is just horrible. The world  is crying today over this.
To bad you are not in a leadership position, lying Ted
and yet you voted against a war budget to engage Syria back in 2013
This is mankind. It will never end. The carnage to innocent children is pure evil. This is the reason for increasing our military.
And more guns will equate to less shootings right?  Backasswards illogical BS.
If you were going to invade a house, would it be the one that's sign said "we have guns" or the one that said "we're defenseless"?
Not doing this argument.  U do realize tho that we spend more on military than the next 10 countries behind us?  Is it ever going 2 b enough
Are you aware our military cannibalizes old aircraft for parts? The world has gone nuclear. Need stay a step ahead, not empower enemies.
How about the chemical attacks on the Palestinians by the Israelis before? Do you condemn that as well?
Praying for them and their families. Heart breaking.
Your words are hollow.... #shameful
I'm calling bull shit just like the bull shit last time this happened.
Stop condemning - DO SOMETHING
Lying Ted your @POTUS who called you Lying Ted by the way is in bed with Assad's ally Putin. You support him. So you must support Putin.
And people wonders why there's a civil war going on? This is Assad government killing innocent Syrians w/chemicals! Wouldn't you rebel??
 SAD VERY SAD! MY THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS GO OUT FOR THOSE INJURED AND KILLED AND TO THEIR FAMILY AND FRIENDS! 
Your SOS doesn't.
Also might be time to condemn the traitor in the White House. #Trumprussia
But you voted for Tillerson who doesn't seem bothered by Assad. You, sir, are an opportunistic joke. #PrincetonHatesYou
Where's your condemnation of Trump for not doing anything about it?
We need more than condemnation, @SenTedCruz! We need to DO something to help them! PLEASE! How can we help them??? There must be a way!
You felt the need to put this on twitter...why???
do you condemn US carpet bombing civilians in Syria and Iraq?
May you hear the screams of these children and their parents in the silence of every night from now on. You are a coward and a cheat.
Oh ok so then you condemn putin? You know he helped elect trump right?
OK, use the 'terms' then. Don't just regurgitate the same banal line politicians have used for ages. Make an actual statement.
I thought Russia was fighting ISIS? That's what Trump said.
Rusia is terrorist country number 1 in the world ,
ISIS committed 52 Chem attacks in Syria, all prior to Nov 2016, this is ISIS trying to take down Assad, again.
EVIL ASSAD IS NOTHING BUT A BABY KILLER!
I knew we would eventually agree on something Senator
Amen! Horrible!
