I agree w @BernieSanders, DC is corrupt! But if the problem is that govt is corrupt, why on Earth would you want more power in Washington? 
the people rejected u why did u #subvert #Constitution NOT #naturalborn = #traitor
Um..you guys ARE the swamp and the White House is now crawling with fascists!
prove it and stop the destructive behavior of your party!
pretty sure the left is the one burning cars and smashing windows.
they're just creating jobs for you trump voters since the president had failed in this initiative.
voted for sander ;)
well then YOU are part of how we ended up in this shit storm. 0_o
I can't cry BS enough on this #draintheswamp
@Jennie_Cake1 That was an epic smackdown you delivered! Cheered so loud at your closing statement I made the neighbors dog bark.
quit lying. Actions speak. you want a big fat wallet and to keep your job. Let's say the truth. Congrats on being up for sale!
I don't agree with you on several things but good job on the debate.
Empower the people to be poor and sick, and to die as they see fit. Stop the political BS and start giving real viable answers!
I somehow don't believe you.
Good luck with that. Did you forget who the President is?
Bernie "be like" bringing a knife to a gun fight
only wants ti empower himself. Always has. I guess its a Texas thing. F the people its about me. I know people in tx like that.
well, we the ppl are sharpening our pitchforks & preparing our torches, Texas will rock the vote.
Texas is where billionaire oil barrons & billion dollar corporate funeral homes make their home offices. & ur worried about DC?
Empower the PEOPLE: PRO-Choice words if I ever heard them. Get the Government out of womens healthcare, birth control, abortion.
@BernieSanders  The people own this country and I believe you understand that, I believe you wish it wasn't so.  #MAGA
If so, why didn't you listen to the people of Texas and reject DeVos. Get big business out of education.
you're aware that you're part of the establishment, right?
but he also killed 37 people in the late 60s and early 70s
Yes :) ☆ Thank you Senator #TedCruz for Standing up for #WeThePeople , Never give Up fighting for the American people ♡
If only he were fighting for the People
Yet Ted Cruz IS ever single day, fighting for you and me and ever Texan in Texas,He has proven it over and over again
That remains to be seen.  So far he has stood by a man that spoke very ill of him previously.
: I'm with you, Ted. Your voice is clear, your message is right on
lets see the clip where he refuses 2 support Trump, then breaks 2 him soliciting calls 4 trump humiliating even 4 politician
You'll never be president, so don't worry about it.
Then get yourself the hell out of there. Gerrymandering and pandering to people's fears are the reason republicans control us.
so when are you resigning?
Then ABSTAIN from Sessions vote. Trump/Bannon consolidating power and it's dangerous. Sessions will help them. Save us fr Trump
you want to power from Washington DC, send it to Canada?
Remember what trump said about your family? I bet they're glad they have you to stand up for them greaseball
You're a stomach-churning, revolting little toad Ted.
Patient centered?? You  mean BigBusinessInsuranceCompany centered!
Except the poor. Or immigrants. Or scientists. Or women. Or the next generation's chance at education.
US HealthCare issues won't be solved with HSA or highRisk/HighCost insPools.These @GOP ideas don't Work
#ACA prevented LifeTime limits & included out of pocket maximum limits, ER expenses...will @GOP include these necessary items?
#ACA covered preventive care=decreasing more costly complications/chronic disease...Will @GOP plan include PreventiveCare?
you buried that senile commie tonight! You came with facts while he spewed the same socialist bs!
he's not a commie.  He's an idealist.
how do you plan to curb the greed and unethical behavior of insurance companies without govnt regs?  #ACA
that's a great message but Republicans tend to take power from Washington and give to the handful of rich.  Not working poor.
Do you really believe this BS? We want health care.  Not profits for bloated insurance companies.
The people would like health care,  a fundamental human right,  even when you are poor.
you are corrupt. YOU and @JohnCornyn are D.C.  You proved it when you cost $$$ shutting down govt & today betrayed kids of TX
Good luck, I agree completely. I want much smaller foot print for the Federal Gov. Government should get out of our way.
I wish this type debate occurred once a month on different topics. The civil discourse you and Senator Sanders displayed was 
preach brother.  I'd love to see debates like this done weekly.  Of course over a range of topics.
do we have a choice??? your corrupt party won't allow any new ideas or new blood???
would have watched but boycotted @CNN  - reading tweets / Good job!  Support & God Bless @realDonaldTrump our @POTUS

@BernieSanders Sen.Cruz why don't you pack up and drain the swamp!
rofl
stop lieing please stop lieing and please elaborate don't just assume that we know how your going to do your job explain why...
so ur 4 anarchy? why hold public office then?
Thank you and with my power I'd like AFFORDABLE healthcare for all my fellow citizens @SenTedCruz @BernieSanders
@BernieSanders Amazing debate tonite by Senator Ted Cruz. Thank you for speaking for us! Sure don't want what Canada has!
Sounds good, you can start by going home and staying there. We are empowered every Election Day. #sendCruzhome
start working for the people not corporations Ted
Yes Ted Cruz I'm listening Good Job
Brilliant!
Excellent point!
We're feeling empowered to vote you out in 2018.
Congressional term limits! Pull the plug to cut their power off. Political office isn't a career. No more political retirees!
for the trillionth time, corporations are NOT people.
#SinglePayer
Seriously @SenTedCruz? I call BS. Power to the people means #StandUpToTrump and working to #draintheswamp
then stay out of our business. You/GOP always say keep gov out of your business, that is until it does not conform w/what U want
Then VOTE NO on Jeff Sessions...........
yea?  Then listen to all your constituents. Deregulating your big business donors is not empowering anyone except your bank acct
So now you want to overthrow the government of, by, and for the people and replace it with a government for your people?
Problem with that is that the people you want to give power to are the fascists and racists. We're not buying that LIE, Ted.
great debate,.Dont let the radical left intimate you guys in the Senate,the Silent Mayority still here supporting you.
like your lack of understanding when it comes to #NetNeutrality
Disappointed  @SenTedCruz
but what if the people decide they like representative democracy and send reps to a central place ... like Washington
For someone who hates "Washington" you sure spend a lot of time and (other people's) money making sure you keep a seat there.
This man should have been POTUS.
meh... Naw..
#AnswerThePhone
he won't he's a lier that does what he is PAID to do and not what his constitutes expect of him he is a lier
we want to elect honest reps 4 DC (not u). We aren't independent states, but United States. #StrongerTogether 2 remain wld ldrs
Then why don’t you answer your phone?
You were spot on it @SenTedCruz thank you . Government needs to be out of the healthcare business. Let the people decide freedom
Sent a letter government corruption ? Not from Texas but all the senators and congressmen in California suck ! I won't take 5th
The best way you can empower the people right now would be to hold up any and all appointments made by Trump.
says the guy who hasn't said a damn thing about @realDonaldTrump consolidating power in Washington. Sell out.
making the mad dawg sec. def. Is hardly consolidation.
yet you and the rest of @gop have miserably FAILED FOR YEARS to have an alternative  (more #alternativefacts?)
Were polls completed or any data used to determine if those you represent agreed with your vote for Secretary of Education?
People had their shit policies cancelled that didn't provide the protections mandated by the #ACA --> #LYINTed
Really?  Sen. "I despise Trump" and now you kiss his ass. Ok.
ha
ask Bernie why US govt employees aren't on OBAMA care if it is so great!!!! Because the Congresses health plan is awesome!
Good. President Trump's agenda. Welcome aboard.
@BernieSanders "insurance co's are more profitable" . . . CUT THEM OUT.  Taxpayer dollars for insurance rather than enforcement!
Empower the people with unregulated insurance that won't cover catastrophic illnesses.
it was shocking 2 hear the 9th Circuit hearing today. It's obvious EO is constitutional. 9th Circuit is corrupt & it saddens me.
.@SenTedCruz If you're serious about that, please contact me, this RN would love to make health care better in your country. #YouCanDoBetter
You lost me with your vote for Betsy #DeVos. You stand for nothing now except the billionaire donor class.
Show us the spine, Sen Cruz
#LyinTed fits! Obfuscating the fact that #Obamacare works in all of the states where Governor's enacted Medicaid expansion #ACA
LIE!  If you believed this, you would have voted "no" on Betsy DeVos.
David - u look like a guy that could have used a few years in a small, private school.
state control and citizens having more affordable coverage
