I get it if these two ships were driving down broad st., but come on!
Yep. Floating kamakazis
Long list, Chinese definitely on it.
America's "best" can't drive a ship on the biggest ocean on the planet & you want to give them MORE $? What a JOKE!  INCOMPETENTS ALL. #MAGA
What is going on here? We need answers!
These repeated collisions are suspect.  If training is not up to par fix it.  If deliberate the American people should be told.

Should @POTUS @realDonaldTrump move the Israeli embassy to Jerusalem & stop the Iran deal NOW?
#StandWithIsrael …
ARE YOU KIDDING?!?!? Let's give the navy ANOTHER 12 billion dollar ship...Navy is a disgrace right now!!!
How does a ship with this much technology and the protocols and processes the military follows crash...ever?
You mean it's not just too bad?
I think it's a good idea to censure the President for sympathizing with Nazis.
He said there were 'Very fine people' at a rally with swastikas with people chanting 'Jews will not replace us.' Yeah hes a Nazi sympathizer
Accident my third point of contact. 
Senator Cruz could you please see what can be done to that one Senator from Mo. that called for the assassination of our POTUS please. 
It's named after Admiral McCain, the Senator's father.
Not a good time to damage our fleet. Have to raise the question if this want an accident seeing as it's the second time
Beginning to think that way.
I agree that these collisions are very suspicious.  Do not hide the truth from us if this is found to be intentional!
You're the biggest fake that ever lived! Resign now!
It appears to me that someone is hacking navigation software, removing or altering proximity alarms or actual position.
May The Divine Physician heal them and bless them!! 
Need to get rid of anything called J .McCain
What the heck? Need a women navigator..
Prayers for sailors and families. 

Sending prayers
what's Stevie wonder driving these ship's
Please stop the censorship that the DemocRATS on bring to the floor today TY #Nocensorship #BuildtheWall #Noattachment2bill4statueREMOVAL
This is ridiculous, 2d time in two months
Do we have an undersecretary of the Navy yet? I'm exhausted.
Why is a US Navy ship named after a living US Senator?
Sir, please hold the Navy Flag Leaders responsible for this incident. Fire the Battle Group and Fleet Commanders.
Praying
I thought this was still in search & rescue mode? Praying for the sailors. 
Anything with McCains name on it is a DEMONIC
Senator: something questionable is going on. Two major accidents within a very short period of time. It requires full discovery & action.
Oh oh. Another Navy Captain about to get the axe.
Is the Destroyer Dept. of the blue navy attempting suicide? USS Fitzgerald and USS John S McCain? What' up W/this. Planes would've been grd.
the family's keeping the home front for their sailors
1962? ???
Mr ted  hurry  up build  cyberspace  bad asss one war back
Trump home
Mr about bankruptcy  shut down ???? Sounds  oops  but hop not happen

I wouldn't want to be in the captain's shoes. No excuse when we have all the equipment to avoid something like rhis.
do they not have radar?, what the fuck is going on with out navy? is everyone stoned out of there mind

prayers
Down time  mean  enemy  come at us
Iran  north Korea  China  #!!!!######### ?:$$$!!
Don't know but it sounds like a conspiracy all about what a coincidence near China,Japan Something is up ?
Russia  want  f us now
1
Trump much  comment  Better  war very  close
https://twitter.com/BobCarr57/status/899463753355407360 …

Jerry Falwell Jr. to @ThisWeekABC: Pres. Trump has "inside information" on who protested in Charlottesville http://abcn.ws/2uViE4x  
Another accident ? Really?
hey Ted how about you post something about Free-speech ?  Free-speech for ALL ! not just people the media agrees with ????
Hmm could the "Deep State" go that deep? Or is it just the failed policies of the last Sec Def? My guess is the latter.
Obama holdovers?
another one?  is anybody running the navy?  drug testing should be done.  and the axe spray. they know what im sayin.
Someone must be really furious about the US. Two Navy ships crushed at sea on duty. Top US diplomats in cuba losing hearing mysteriously.
How many ship r we going to let them collide into before we realize it is no accident
Prayers.
How can a destroyer collide with a merchant ship? Somebody fell asleep at the wheelhouse, or somebody left the wheelhouse...
Talk to your little friend Rubio and let him know, Florida won't forget the portrayal of our President... this is no accident, twice!!!!!
WHY is this happening too often???!
Too early to jump to conclusions, but if there is a third then there will be lots of jumping.
It seems this ship is like its name sake!!!!!!
Why is this happening. Don't these ships have equipment to prevent collisions ?
Yes, prayers definitely. Second time in two months. Same place, coincidence, or?
That's bae
How does this keep happening?
AND THE OTHER BOAT??
Many Prayers ♡♡
Well stated Mr. Cruz
MAGA
