Build the wall we need law and order in this country Latinos for Mr Trump keep up the great work your doing for all patriotic Americans 
Bravo Lazaro!
YOU GUYS ARE COMICAL ON YOUR NUT CASE WALL/ TEA PARTY CRAZIES? WALL ON A RIVER?

Doing God's will through Jesus Christ.
got your base all riled up over a wall,while you pick their pockets with tax reform, and kill them with health reform-gotta hand it to you
Tax reform means more $ in every Americans pocket. You don't like that idea because your party wants to decide where & how we spend our $ !!
No Brenda,it does not-it means more money in already rich people's pocket. Steve Mnuchin ,Trump's treasury pick would not even guarantee it
Notice there is no wall? As it should be.. literally a waste of $$ when there is such a "mess" everywhere else. In HC. In infrastructure.ect
You can always leave!
But ur president is going to fix it! LoL with a wall no less. LoL!

UnAmerican! You came from immigrants! America was build from immigrants! persecuting them! America is a melting pot of great ppl.
Debbie, true, America land of immigrants.  LEGAL immigrants!
This El Chapo bill must become reality. @SpeakerRyan can SUCK it w/ his spending bill to go fund PP. What a loser!
Have you heard that #climatechange will worsen #refugee crisis? http://archive.defense.gov/pubs/150724-congressional-report-on-national-implications-of-climate-change.pdf?source=govdelivery …

#climatechange #NationalSecurity #refugees
Well please get some common sense & share it with @SenTedCruz because he doesn't understand his constituents don't want a wall!
Sounds like a good idea!!
I have stood were he stands and have been present when illegals were apprehended.  Close the border!
Exactly Heroin is made in Mexico! I stand with REPUBLICANS!
Spread the word, destroying families, thank you for your messages 
Your constituents are more threatened by losing insurance coverage than by people crossing the borders. Protect their coverage!
Well he has to protect his constituents from foreign invaders. Safety first
Bring it on. Never stop. That's why we WON. Help build that wall sir!! God Bless
no there will be no will because the mexicans will not pay,and that is good because the mexicans don't need to pay it
Guess we will see.
Psalm 9:14
how about some "common sense legislation" to help law-abiding immigrants already here?  TIA
Go Ted
Join the fight: Contribute to Beto O'Rourke's campaign. Time for new Senate leadership in Texas beginning in 2018. http://betofortexas.com/about-beto 
Say no to democrates in Texas stay with Cruz honesty and integrity.
Senator Cruz is the best!
thank you Senator Cruz , please protect our borders
Garrett, you are playing loose with facts. Truth will win. You are a one term cult member
Excellent proposal put forth. I do pray this will include all other boarders. "We The People" can support this 100%. Thanks @SenTedCruz
Wow! Yes Cruz with low ratings of 31%??? That Yes Cruz? Scores of ZERO on animal welfare
some-1 list all congress names  oppose border wall-fence if reps dont stop illegals crossings will fire them, job 1 protect USA not illigals
who is going to pay the 1 billion dlls. that's going to cost the maintenance of the wall?
The wall isn't happening.This is posturing & stupid. US has net zero illegal immigration.
Cut all social benefits immediately and fine employers $20,000 per illegal and the problem is solved.   Your Welcome...
Obama got the U.S. 10 trillion dollars in debt Hillary Clinton lost 6billion dollars as Secretary of state. So build the wall
don't want, don't need Wall for border security.
because those unskilled laborers doing shit work are really harming us,plus they are Native American and America has shameful history w/that
It best to build wall in jewish lobby https://youtu.be/i4QSkKkKQZ4 
CONGRATULATIONS!!! BUILDING THE WALL &  WONT COST AMERICANS ONE RED CENT -- El Chapo Money
Build the wall! 
#BuildThatWall -- NOW!!!
Does Ted Cruz like beans?
These are just can campaigning words Congress already sent No wall In budget
Where's Ted Cruz when you need him
Build the wall and tell Paul Ryan to grow a pair.
NO WALL!  It is a waste of tax dollars
Not a wall #dumbidea
The border wall needs to fall under the Pentagon's budget as national defense and its construction needs to be managed by the Army.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump #JustDoIt ! #LetLeftSueGovt #ConservativeJudgeShop #UseLeftsTactics #EndSanctuaryCities #IndictMayors #BuildTheWall
Do you think it's smart to name a bill to build a wall for a guy who DUG a tunnel underneath walls to get out of jail?
Maybe he will technical advisor!
Common sense and Congress? Surely you Jest

Build the damn wall! I for one will volunteer to work free of charge!
Hey can I become a minute man those guys that hang around the Border I'll sit on a perch with my AR-15 picking people off.
I miss the Infantry it's not fair that I have to come home to this hell hole and watch you guys throw my life away.
All my brothers died in vain because you wanted to nominate a black person I hope you're happy people Muslim Isis loving race haters
Steven Johnson United States Marine Corps died in vain on a helicopter with 31 others shot down by al-qaeda's RPGs...
After winning all that land you inject giving it back to your Isis somebody should have said something about your involvement with ISIS.
Funny how the left always scream Russian involvement but when you look at them there's Isis involvement is that what we're preaching now.
Excellent idea Senator Cruz
That's why we must continue to have diplomatic relations with Cuba for a stronger border and migration control,Congress must liftthe embargo
VOTE NO on New Healthcare bill, like you did before!! It's even worse then before! Even MoCs won't participate and opted themselves out BAD!
Use the $$for HEALTH Care instead of a useless wall.
See the $$  for infrastructure instead of a virtual wall. Where r ur priorities?
Well maybe you are trying to do something right. We still want a #FullRepeal! No to government healthcare mandates!
Complete nonsense. We would have a vested interest in the success of a drug cartel.  For what?  To build a symbol of nationalism and racism.
when did it become racist to defend a country's sovereign border?
This "defense" is not happening in a bubble. Happening as we deport DREAMers, ban Muslims, and turn our backs on refugees.  All WH policy.
dreamers are STILL illegals, no matter what U call them.
it's not a Muslim ban.
we have enough here that need help, without importing more.
This is such a no brainer but ALT-LEFT DEMS aren't concerned about USA, just their own power.  Sadly common sense just not in the LEFT DNA.

No wall!!!!
nope.....BIG wall, and added border patrols!
Ecological impact? Cost? Tunnels, water, ladders? Ridiculous.
good job Tom!
It is very smart and very common sense!
Mahalo Tom!
That is hilarious! You used Cruz, Brooks n the same sentence w/ common sense
