I commend the Trump Admin for withdrawing from UNESCO. https://twitter.com/TimesofIsrael/status/918470134204743680 …
You suck
It didn't deny Jewish ties. It said the sites were in Palestine. Which they are.
Wrong, Cruz. Stop kissing AIPAC's behind and start protecting American interests. Israel is an apartheid state, routinely breaking law.
#BDS
Israel & AIPAC need to be investigated for meddling in US gov, policies, elections .... #banAIPAC
1994 American Baruch Goldstein killed 29 Palestinians in the Ibrahimi Mosque, which you call 'Cave of Patriarchs'. Your 'Jewish connection'
29 Palestinians are killed by American Baruch Goldstein from Brooklyn & Senator Terror, Ted Cruz, demands site of massacre given to #Israel
Israel did not name schools after BG, unlike the PA  which names everything under the sun for the same kinds of actions of It's citizens.
Other Zionist terrorists get post stamps and streets named after them, Baruch Goldstein 'just' got a public shrine https://electronicintifada.net/content/how-israel-honors-murderers-its-midst/14813 …
Puerto Rico. Show you care. Stop giving all our money to Israel - they can take care of themselves. BTW tell Israel to stop killing Palestians. #WWJD #NoJusticeNoPeace
bravo!!!
Askenazi Jews (Red Hair White Jews) are former Khazars. Former Khazar empire from Caucaz that converted to Jewdaism- 95% of the Jews today
Yes and not ethnic Jews, therefore referring to Jews as a "race" and using a racism card is nonsense
Basically they are white with a different religion.
ONLY African/Lebanon/Turkish... Jews are "Semitic" jews.
But "Semitic" are ALL arabs too
Where it was Israel before 1948 ? Why USA support it despite killing kids daily in Palestine
No, you are. Nonsensical tweet
Read the history dear
Why don't you
Show me any supported thing shows that Israel was existing before 1948 
Not sure what you're talking about, the land, the ethnicity? Or what
Before 1948 there was only one country on the land called Palestine  , later on UK given the land to Israel, please read the history
Wise move and Tx Senator Cruz for ur statement
GO @realDonaldTrump more DEFUNDING PLEASE! #climatechange #globalwarming @potus @epascottpruitt @readfearn #climatechangeisreal #auspol
Uh, you're a senator from Texas, not the Cave of the Patriarchs.
You would think Teddy represents Israelis instead of Texans
The Republican Nazis and KKK must be very proud of you.
The democrats created the kkk look it up and don't be dumb
In 2014, 3 Democrats voted to change the name of KKK Founder Nathan Bedford Forrest High School in Jacksonville 2 Republicans voted to keep
name of the KKK FOUNDER HS, 1000's of WHITE EVANGELICAL CHRISTIAN REPUBLICANS PROTESTED THE CHANGE. How many Democrat Blacks/Jews/Catholics
God is pro-Israel!
Pro Palestinian, pro US, pro world, pro galaxy,
Well said
Idiot
Could u explain what UNESCO is w/o a political spin. Seriously I have no clue what it is. LOL I'm sure I'm going to get roasted.
Did not know you have time to do people’s business bc you r busy jerking off to Twitter’s nudity. Shut up and save us ur bs. Israel puppet
Thisorganization has helped he terrorists and taught muslim kids to hate Isreal.  They are a terrorist organization.  Pure and simple.


Cruz is an imbecile.   Zionist Israel has assumed control and ownership of several world heritage sites for Christians and Muslims.
They didn't!
Purely based on territory as per the UN
#UNESCO filled with anti Israel evil dictators who think nothing of slaughtering their own people let alone Israel.

#Israeliwhores is what you are I thought #Americafirst not Israel first
Really?!?  #LoseCruz2018
Yes, we wouldn't want to support world culture when we can open our parks to mining and fracking. Do you realize how dumb we look to world?
AMEN to this!!
Actually they have no ties to Jerusalem, they are not ethnic Jews, this was proven genetically. Ethnic Jews are Palestinians
Senator Cruz, how about instituting a Congressional and Senate investigation of the Hollywood / Weinstien affair. The left demands such!
Yes
Really? So even given all the good they do you're pissed about a cave? Jesus Christ you are immature.
Ad hominem
Stay away from the world. The world don't need you.
then why is Israel still a member?
They shouldn't be, they have violated more agreements than anyone, its a joke
Do you condemn massacre of 29 Palestinians in Ibrahimi mosque 1994 by American Baruch Goldstein & his worship in #Israel, #TedCruz? #UNESCO
Lyin Ted...you carry on watching pornos & leave your nose out of this! Isreael=Nazis=Apartheid and black stain on Jewish faith! #uglywife
Don't jump on the religious wagon over Israel Senator! Israel is mostly atheist, not following their faith at all. UNESCO is neutral
The irony of that statement.  Jew is a religion not an ethnicity.
Israelite is an ethnicity, not Jewish
settler colonialism is a helluva drug
Thanks Senator Cruz for always supporting Israel
 Western Civilisation has much to thank Israel & our Jewish friends for.
Wish you'd be this outspoken about Nazis and Confederates denial of history and Black Americans ties to your own state/nation's history
Do shut up
It's about time.
Like you really give a  Tugger!
AMEN!
You must step forward and help get agenda!!
No it doesn't, the corrupt elite does
Ted don’t tell us you’ve forgotten the ALAMO
Are you forgetting Texas history in Mission San José? What about Mission San José? Mission Espada?
Um what about Mission Concepción?
Another bogus org is @UNHumanRights . It should change it's name to #INHumanRights . With Saudi's election in HR Council, what's left to say
Of course you do
ALL OF OUR GOP LEADERS SHOULD BE ECSTATIC WITH ALL THE THINGS PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING TO REPAIR & RESTORE OUR REPUBLIC~UNITED WE STAND~MAGA
Your right the best way we can guarantee they protect these areas is by making sure we do not have any say in the matter at all
Yes , meaning mind your own business
Jew
#wring #fakenews #UNESCO
So why is Israel still part of UNESCO
You're so hostile against Americans who don't agree with you, that you actually shut down our government. So sit down
Thank you sir for your continuing support and for standing up for what's right and true as America always was (except the past 8 years)
You're relentlessly hostile towards ANYONE who doesn't think like you...so
And until today, Israel was a willing partner in UNESCO.
Hoping you me supporting DT..we can support you later for POTUS
Israel isn't even leaving though right?
So.... let them die???
Yes, withdrawing could discredit UNESCO, but maybe the USA could stay, stand and tall and make all the difference.
Making geopolitical decisions based on fundamentalist notions of ancient human scripture, is seriously unbalanced.

Move Israel to Texas.

GO TRUMP, GO ISRAEL UNESCO is bunch of wacky uber liberals who bow at the altar of political correctness.I've never liked them
Screw Israel, screw puppet presidents
Hey Ted. U been awfully quiet lately. Hope you not cozying up to the GOPe like a spineless hack. & why so silent on this Vegas cover up?
throw baby out with the bath water!
@MooreSenate @MarshaBlackburn @realDonaldTrump vicious racists calling Hispanics LAZY for expecting help from US @sjdailystar @ClaridadPR
Almost everything w/ #UN prefix associated w/ #UnitedNations is corrupt...
Throw in #UnitedWay with that crowd
I'm #ProLife
Ghaza  children killer 
Israel 
Ghaza children killer
The United States isn't a theocracy and shouldn't be beholden to a tiny population that has chosen to live in a hostile place.
Exactly, massive gigantic support for a tiny population (Jews) which causes instability and chaos across the middle East
Jews should honestly fess up
Not true.  It doesnt deny jewish links at all
Thank you Senator Cruz, and thank you for supporting POTUS and his/ours agenda.
If u can't stand up for your WIFE how can you stand up for the American people!
Karzarians
Good
GOP is relentlessly hostile towards white people and shamefully denies historical White ties to the United States of America and Europe.
Anti racist is a code word for anti white, anti semitism is a card used to avoid criticism for things like murdered Palestinian babies

Now, defund the UN and kick them out of the USA! I'm sure they'd all feel much more welcome in Brussels.
