Unreliable source
repeal and WHAT?  What's your plan????
No plan. Just cut everyone off and tell them it sucks to be them.
Repeal ACA then let States Develop Health Care (ex: Concierge Healthcare)
Repeal the whole damn bill
#healthcareforall
@realDonaldTrump @TuckerCarlson @IngrahamAngle @RandPaul @netanyahu @seanhannity @limbaugh I wish "replacing" Obamacare was not an option!
For your ego, don't mess up this country that has given you more and allowed you to live American dream. Don't messup with others.
Excellent.  Keep working on it.
Thank you Mr. Senator Cruz !! #MAGA 
Mr Ted, your words are empty since Mr Trump insulted your family. Where is your dignity?
Stand up for what is right. The #17A must go! #RestoretheFederalRepublic
I love @tedcruz
Ted talk so much he should be on QVC selling something
He's trying to sell common sense politics but only meets hard headed anti American libs
Lol AntiAmericas? Ted Cruz is Cuban lol 
So your saying if your parents are legal citizens and you were born here your still not an American? Wow
Grown ups have warned the prudent approach has and will be to Revise, you're to dum to repeal or replace!
Another out of touch politician who doesn't listen to the voter. #extremelylargeears
Well Too all in Govt. You can't leave people with low income hanging in the wind with unaffordable premiums and pre existing conditions
@gcamp4 @tedcruz next time u filibuster instead of green eggs, educate democrats by exposing conservativeism or republican position
Why not fix the ACA and stop trying to tear it down? Medicare for all.  Party before people.
You must remember Insurance is not Healthcare. Start with cost of aspirin in a hospital
7yra to put a plan on the table, and nothing!!! Sounds like failure to me
@Mike_Beacham @tedcruz things Ted Cruz has accomplished in the Senate: ...........
You touch Medicaid Medicare you will be an option
Ted,did you vote for for Trumpcare? If you did we know you are part of the problem with Washington.
Every day brings us one step closer to 11/6/2018.  Cruz is an embarrassment to Texas.
oh but you are.
But, the GOP jus failed at doing that.
Someone explain to me the repub Obamacare hatred.  The ACA costs me $10/month. It was $350 before.  Lower deductible, great coverage.
Single payer healthcare, see Taiwan model, is superior than ACA or  AHCA, cheaper, and covers all citizens.  Why insist on inferior plan?
Where is your humane side.  This simply means healthcare is not a constitutional and legal right for you.  Animals have rights...better?
Get er done Ted. Get er done.
Work to fix the ACA and you come out strong. Stop using the name OBAMA and maybe you guys will get something done.
@tedcruz . You also need healthy ppl to buy into the system to off set the cost of the sick. That's the basic understanding of healthcare
@tedcruz how working on those things and those premiums you keep talking about will go down.
The cost of healthcare includes doctors visits, hospital bills, cost of medical equipment, procedures, ambulances, administration, etc..
You want to drive down cost of premiums, yet never mention deductibles or co insurance. To do that you need to lower the cost of healthcare
Ironic that @tedcruz has become one of Trump's best advocates for his agenda.
Please keep pre existing conditions in the plan! Plus the 50-60 age group needs help with premiums.
Everyone would like to see a VIABLE plan not a plan that does nothing for anyone but the rich. Get your heads out of your asses already.
This guy is pathetic! bye bye in 2018 can't wait.
Sure it is! Keep your options open!
When it comes to sexual harassment, Fox is first
Just let it die.
Well it happened. Now stop being stupid & fix the ACA cause we all know the @GOP does not have the brain power to replace it by themselves.
The government has no business running healthcare, get out and turn it over to private sector
Then get on board with the President.
Oh Cruz your view is really of no ones concern. You're so hateful of taking care of women and children's health.Only care 4 babies b4 birth!
Show us don't  tell us
I wish people wld understand that this was not a win for the left. It wasn't repealed  b/c it was a terrible plan that wldnt have helped.
U a dark soul and evil line ted
Failure is your ONLY option. That's what you get for making BS claims for 7 years. Anything short of near universal coverage will fail.
Pres. Trump should ask Cruz to head the effort to fix OCARE...
Who turned the broken record back on?
Can I have your health insurance please?
you are one of the reasons it failed
Then why didn't you do a better job the first time? So anxious to pass anything for a "win"'no matter how terrible it is
But it was.
one of the biggest crybaby of all
Well? Do it!
But failing to provide a better plan looks like was an option.
Ted, we've moved on.  
We're on to #Russianbots and #RussiaGate @jaredkushner  Please keep up.
I think Ted Cruz and Rand Paul should get the appeal/replace.  Ryan was never on the side of Trump; he is a paid off globalist.
Agree completely. But can only depend on GOP to shoot itself in the foot.
Go get 'em Ted....
#Gorsuch has ruled against women’s & LGBTQ rights & sided w/ employers over employees and favored corporate interests over public interests
Your view doesn't count.
Just repeal don't replace don't want government involvement in our healthcare!!!
what have you been doing for 7 f'n years!!!!
@tedcruz needs to come up with something first. Bye Ted!  2018 can't come fast enough!
Keep behaving well Mr. Cruz,  we got our eyes on you...  Time will tell where you stand...
It's not an option because it already happened.
That is all.
Who cares about your view anymore?
Ted - consequences of repealing Obama care is the same it is disregard for the poorest and weakest among us- rural and elderly Americans
Ah, but Ted, you are a failure in every sense of the word. So sad.
His re-election IS an option though.  IJS  @tedcruz
But you failed...already...So...
You only fail when you stop trying.
Make it happen, Ted! Action please!
AHCA No deductible no coinsurance premium 1% of salary no penalty affordable for all ages regardless condition.Brand it Trumpcare
AHCA don't expect a failure premium 1% of salarycoinsurancedeductiblepenalty regardless of age across nation should be free universal
When it comes for your reelection in 2018 you got no chance.
Someone should tell Ted that it failed before it got to the Senate two weeks ago.
Agreed. However, when it come to putting ho bo & gang of corrupt treasonous leftists behind bars, failure is not an option...
After seven years to plan an #Obamacare  replacement, getting it wrong is not an option!
But getting rid of the people is a sure option!
How 'bout we trade ACA for climate change action?
Sure hope you are figuring out your post politcal career. Time to elect you out the door.
Anything short of full repeal is absolute failure.
Senator, u should be whip. Also in charge of Health Care Law. Texas Red
Mr Cruz is right!  Failure is not an option!!!
You already FAILED ! Someone give this clown the news!

Obamacare providers caused far more problems than I ever needed to be dealing with @ instance of major medical treats!
Repeal ACA! Gov sponsored ins is not the way to go - work on health care costs instead of ins costs. If HC is cheaper, ins isn't everything.
Is Ted aware that he may be the nerdiest twerp in America? The man will never be cool! Easily beat lyin Ted in primary!
Ted Cruz was an idiot running for president and he is an idiot now, not worth listening to. So so sad even Trump didn't offer him judgeship.
Please , please in the name of Jesus, & .... Just please stop talking. It was painful during debate's & very, very hard to watch.  STOP!!!
Then Dr. Cruz, you should have put down the Tim Hortons and figured something out in the 7 years you had to plan it out.
When it comes to repealing you, failure is not an option! Beto in 2018! Don't leave Texans uninsured!
Good to hear Sen Cruz is on board with Pres Trump.they will do great things.
It's an assurance.  Beto 2018.
Get rid of insurance and pharmaceutical control of medicine. Let us be doctors again
Trying to do it in 18 days was a joke. Take time & do it right, healthcare is complex.& needs to be good coverage but financially feasible.
Ted!Plz don't 4get the ppl from 40s-65yr old,wking mid-class,who need 2go 2Dr.but can't d/t deduct!Dems penalize 4gotten man.Plz help
NO DEAL your next lyin Ted
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz Are you going to read "Green Eggs and Ham" to filibuster debt ceiling? Or will you kiss Trump's ring? AGAIN!
You are a failure!!! So there's that.
@realDonaldTrump did't failure already happen...... what now?
Repeal obamacare and you've replaced it.  With free enterprise.  Drain the swamp!
- " Lucifer" not to be trusted. EVER
Well, you need to get used to it !!!Sen.No self respect!
IMO you are a failure @tedcruz. Hope the punk rocker takes your seat.
Then if failure is not an option then why is nothing being done?  Politics as usual
With fools like you I am not surprised Trumpcare failed isn't that right Teddy Bear?
failure is precisely what happened.
You don't need a gov plan. Truly let healthcare loose to the free market. Prices will be driven down. Gov control is never the answer.
Not an option but a reality Ted, you already failed
Cruz Puppet Of Mercer
Senator Cruz, stop with the lip service. Get it done right this time.
Thank you
Your view is idiotic no matter what the subject. And yes, failure certainly IS an option, since that's the one Republicans just took
Medicare for elderly and disabled Medicaid for the poor. Free & Open markets for the rest of us to buy what we want to buy. Feds out of Ins.
#Hannity
Very original.
Can we look at fixing the problem of drug/med costs which will then bring down ins costs?  Thanks for listening.
Too bad Creepy Ted! You're a failure just like this administration and this Faux News network.
Yes :) Agreed I Stand by Senator #TedCruz :-) Keep fighting the good Fight Senator! #KeepYourPromise #repealobamacare #FULLREPEAL
better start getting used to failure. ACA might get repealed, but I'm betting YOU are even more likely to be! #BetoOrourke
Ted is a goof! But something needs to be done!
@seanhannity @POTUS Under Obama, you cant own a gun if you are old, poor, overweight or depressed.
Obamacare = ties doctors to gun control?
Remember when Trump called u "lyin Ted Cruz, called your wife ugly& accused your dad of murder? You suck ass!
Apparently it has been an option a lot of times over the years.
?
They just don't get it.
News flash...it already failed

You are correct Ted failure is not an option & @GOP better not fail to fund the wall
Remove healthcare from 24 million and see what happens.
Nobody is talking about removing Healthcare from anyone. Learn the difference between insurance and actual health care.
But you failed, so it appears to be not only an option but the reality. I know you guys struggle with facts, but it never made the floor
PROBLEM IS WE HAVE CORRUPT CLOWNS IN THE GOP-E THAT DON'T WANT TO REPEAL IT, JUST #LIE AND #REBRAND IT,  AND WE NOT FALLING FOR IT.
Looks like America didn't vote with you or the Republicans! Must be a lot of Rhinos voting!
Your Parheric President @realDonaldTrump @POTUS is a FAILURE
Just kill it completely it is disfunction and causing harm to the people just repeal it completely.
Just get back to where we were before while a free market solution is done keep government out.
Raphael Cruz the man who will never be president making excuses on behalf of Trump who beat him and insulted his family. no self-respect
You are not listening are you? What kind of person WANTS to take insurance away from people?#MedicareForAll
@realDonaldTrump @ChristieC733 I agree with you Senator Cruz - "FAILURE IS NOT AN OPTION"! This time, for the American People, SUCCEED!! 
OH YOU ARE UP FOR 2018 ELECTION.
Healthcare requires service and mind  from others that is not a rite; that is servitude.  You have no rite to own someone else's rites.
It can't fail; too many of us are counting on it !

Betsy DeVos's brother held secret meeting to establish Trump-Putin backchannel: report http://hill.cm/tLHjOQr  
Trump Tower, Devos' Spectrum Health & Russian bank  all exchanging information last year. Why?????? Follow that FOX ...it it's not too hard
Anything that has to do with that thing who destroyed us has to be destroyed. I was penalized 700 dollars we are not rich barely making it.
all you pubs do is fail cheat and fuck up everything you touch, thank God for Democrats, and Trump is not invited to join!
Stop making excuses. Corporate money bought the gov for the GOP. But U can't deliver. You are awful and the day u leave gov will be great.
Hey @FoxNews $13M in payouts, a new lawsuit today, and Mercedes pulls their account. How long will you protect that POS @ORiellyFactor ?
Jesus. Still?
I agree, but it must be Right! What is wrong with bringing back free market? Competition lowers price, improves quality, give more choices!
