No hospital, no gov’t has the right to deny parents their chance for a medical miracle. I stand with #CharlieGard
Charlie is blind, deaf, unable to breathe, swallow, or move. He's suffering & trapped. NO govt should decide, but! parents also wrong here.
Kris, at least  you concede that parents should have a say over government
Of course, ALWAYS. (Unless dangerous, insane, yada yada). This is horrible situation. But in *THIS* case, Charlie shld be allowed to go.
Kris, you're pro choice right? Except in…?
I've never identified as pro-choice. I think they are extremists from hell. I'm a pragmatist. Keep legal, 1st trimester, illegal after
I respect your opinion
Ditto
Spreadin the love-- I really like your tweets n R/Ts-- can't imagine how your conversations go over in the bay area… I respect that.   : - )
I think the Democrats need a job.  They go from one obstruction to another.  It's ridiculous!
While you're trying to kill Americans. Wow. #TrumpCare #TaxCutsForRichDicks #DeathBill
So #Trumpcare kills ppl now? What abt pre-#Obamacare world? Were ppl dying in the streets then?
Did people die of avoidable diseases and acute health problems at a higher rate w/o insurance? Indubitably.
Unless you think people pay for insurance for no reason at all. #TrumpCare
Obamacare's flaws are not a good reason to pass a bill that is worse for everyone but the rich and insurance companies.


Pray for Charlie & his loving parents
The Irony of that #BullShit response from you Mr Cruz is mind boggling.  You and the GOP are actively trying to deny health care for 23M
He would need MEDICAID!!!!!!!
No he wouldn't. Parents have raised over a million dollars to pay for it all. ISSUE is parents having rights stripped.
So are the lives of 13 homeless teens that lose their lives everyday. Or the millions on hungry American kids. Let's fight for them as well
where do you live that you see millions of hungry children in America? If you have hungry children please go to any hospital or church 4help
Drive into any major city in American and you will see homeless, hungry teens.  In Houston alone there are plenty! Open your eyes.
THANK YOU!!
How about getting Congress and the Senate to fight for US? #novacation #norecess
We don't want what the U.K. has, federal government should not be in the Healthcare business
Instead, people without coverage should be left to die!
But it's okay when the HARDWORKING TAXPAYERS can't afford ACA b/c of high premiums & deductibles so the ABLED-BODIED NON-WORKING get it FREE
People like you are heartless
downright ghoulish- exploiting the parent's anguish over terminally ill baby- yelling #maga and supporting trump's nationalism all the way.
And yet you will be denying that right to millions of Americans. You are a disgusting man.
Us Texans deserve someone to fight for our HEALTH CARE.. OUR LIFE IS WORTH FIGHTING FOR TO! Stop #TrumpCare 
Hypocrite. This while you are fighting to take medical care away from your own people.
But you would deny your own citizens medical care in their own country.  Despicable.
This is so inappropriate.  Shame on you for using this child for political purposes. Why didn't you ask the experts @TXMedCenter?
But what if parents wanted to have an abortion?
They can pay to murder thier own babies.
Sugar coat it however you want it doesn't make purging a baby from a womb any less murdery.
Please read this to inform yourself fully -
It's a sad day when Americans have to step in to stop doctors and governments from murdering children in the UK!
IF YOUR SO #CHRISTIAN ... #StopFundingHate #STOPTrumpCare #stoptrump

ALL LIFE IS WORTH FIGHTING FOR!  HOW CAN YOU STAND BY AND LET TRUMP'S EO ALLOW HUNTERS TO KILL ENDANGERED BEARS IN NATIONAL PARKS?
US HOSPITALS DO IT EVERYDAY! IF UR HEALTHCARE BILL PASSES, IT'LL HAPPEN MORE OFTEN IN USA. REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE BILL IS A HUGE DEATH PANEL!
Yes, sir.   No death panels.
Thank you @SenTedCruz #charliegard needs you #istandwithcharliegard #charliesarmy #parentalrights
#CharlieGard guardians barrister is all for this, is that not a conflict of interests? Shes for people dying and not for treatment
No, she is for choice of treatment and freedom to decide. As I am.
She is for compassion for dying thats a conflict of interest when dealing with a case such as this!
I disagree but that's your opinion
But you will support Trumpcare for Americans?  Stand with Americans against Trumpcare too!
But American's lives aren't "worth it"?!?
Trent Franks Fights for #CharlieGard's Access to Medical Care, Not Yours
Only Ted Cruz has the RIGHT TO SEE THAT AMERICANS ARE UNINSURED.  AMERICAN LIVES ARE NOT WORTH IT PER CRUZ... TOO EXPENSIVE!!  Hypocrite
You are such a hypocrite.
The Obamacare Exchanges Are a Mess and It’s Not Really Obama’s Fault
 https://www.google.ca/amp/amp.timeinc.net/fortune/2016/10/04/obamacare-exchanges/%3Fsource%3Ddam …
Agree.
What have you done to eliminate the death panels in Texas that have existed since 1999 when Rick Perry was Lt Gov?
Then why are you going to deny healthcare to millions of #CHarlieGard's in the USA?
#SocializedMedicine like #Obamacare #DeathPanels #Evil Not my America
Absolutely!! End #LegalizedEXTORTION Repeal Root and Branch Obamacare, Remove the Shackles of Progressivism, #RipItUpRootandBranch
That is so rich coming from you who could care less is most Americans have a chance for affordable health care and their own med.miracle
lying soulless P.O.S.
You are such a hypocrite! You would deny millions of kids if you pass that disaster of a health care bill! #SenTedCruzSucks
Where were you when the state of Massachusetts imprisoned a sick Justina Pelletier for 16+ months against her Connecticut parents' wishes?
@swargcoming @macansharp @cala_1111 @ThatsMissThot2U @Laffingmom @nvrggivup @WGinetta @tlsg99 Really scary a government would do that!
Speechless
God decides, when he goes home! There is always hope with God! Krauthammer said there  was no hope. I beg to differ.
Love you Ted. What if the patents get their wish and the treatment works and they end up with a living, breathing hunk of meat vegetable.

Trumpublicans are like herd beasts all pointing the same way.
Cruz is talking out of both sides of his mouth.
YOU STAND FOR NOTHING!
Really? Stand with the many millions in America that need healthcare
Who will pay, seems like that is all you and your GOP brethren seem interested in...at least for America's children.
Then American house & Senate need to squash the "mandated" HC, back to Private Ins. , expand Medicaid & Medicare, pre-existing punishments.
Also need to Cap Malpractice=  insurance costs to patients.
But not a child in the same situation in your country. HYPOCRITE SHAME ON YOU
It's too bad you don't feel the same way about the millions of lives here that are worth fighting for--healthcare would be a great start.
What about the million in your own state you’re trying to take healthcare away from? You’re a hypocrite just trying to get some press.
I'm so happy to hear you Ted Cruz are Standing with Charlie Gard. He's so precious..
Thank you for being my Senator.
And ours isn't? Is that what you're saying? You'll help a foreign child, but the hell with your fellow countrymen?
But mine and my mother's and my niece's aren't, according to your healthcare bill.
You literally only care about this because it's a chance to demonize universal coverage.
And the women of Texas? How does denying healthcare help?
None has that right!
No August recess Senator.
This is what happens wth a fixed funds, Gov run healthcare. Choose who lives and dies. That kid is what's called a "useless eater" ovr their
Good for you Senator. Now please #RepealAndReplace
How about saving American lives by repealing and replacing Obamacare
Hahahahahahahahahahahahhaa!!!!! Life is meaningless to u, your record is clear on that. Good try
If Charlie is American living under full repeal ACA, Charlie would be labeled pre-existing condition and put in underfunded high risk pool-2
Hypocrisy in the flesh.
More like 230 billion won't have coverage. 100s of thousands will die within weeks of passage. No Healthcare exists without gov't to run it?
@CNN Don't run off quoting these numbersI'm just pumping the exaggeration up even more. One lib liked this in another post . #myfakenews
This smells like a publicity stunt unless you also stand by American kids. What's your stand on Russ connections? Speak louder!
If you had been paying attention, @tedcruz VOTED AGAINST the senate's version of the health care bill.
And all the people in the US who you want to strip insurance and Medicaid services from aren't worth fighting for, Rafael?
If he lived in the US he would've reached his lifetime limit ages ago. Good thing you're keeping that from happening...OH WAIT
What would happen to Charlie if under BCRA? Pre-existing condition? Parents have choices of gofundme or bankrupt for his treatment?-1
So are American Citizens lives.
As do I
Charlie Gard is what the American government want for Americans. Socialized medicine. The government controlling your life not God!
I think the hard part for Americans to understand is the inability to leave Drs you lose trust in.  If I dont trust my Doc I go find another
Americans do not need socialized medicine. Fight to totally repeal Obamacare. Thank you!
The disaster of Socialized Medicine and death panels. This should put the fear of God into all
yes his life is  worth fighting for and so is the American people's life worth fighting for Senator...
Let's do @benshapiro's plan and give Charlie citizenship.
Q for Republicans: For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain control of Congress and the White House, and lose his own soul?
The answer lies within Hillary's multiple mobile devices which have been acid washed and beaten with hammers.
LMFAO
interesting you agree with this, and yet you voted for @HillaryClinton. I guess it's better late than never
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Massive damage to the opioids crisis cannot be resolved in Trumpcare. https://twitter.com/dr_tef/status/877168265155534848 …
Every life is worth fighting for numb nuts. !
What about my daughter? Proposed cuts to #Medicaid threaten her quality & quantity of life. We're your constituents too. #SaveMedicaid
This is the UK, we have our own Law courts, luckily your opinion doesn't count.
You support universal healthcare then?
If only u cared as much about brown, Muslim refugee children. Assad is murdering Syrian children yet u support ban. The world's watching.
I agree. Now let's start standing to repeal this BHO care like u were hired to do
Fact is the government could be right but who the heck are they to make this decision? That's socialized medicine, isn't it wonderful!
Your @GOP bill would deny his treatment!  Your bill is going to kill millions.  Stop using this for propaganda!  Disgusting!! @TheDemocrats
How about the lives of the Americans you're throwing off health insurance? Just nah?
I am not sure there will be a medicinal miracle, and yes they can advise what they think in best interests/not allow to leave for treatment?
So praying should be a viable alternative to medical care?
I stand with little Charlie!
what about the lives of American citizens? Don't you give a shit about them?? #SinglePayer
But 22 million American lives are not worth fighting for?
Ok, so can we get affordable Healthcare now?
No.  That’s a nationalized system. Not at all close you single payer or Medicare for all that we have here.
You’re spreading lies. You look it up. Start here.

http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-faq#what-is-single-payer …
