It cost taxpayers $64,370 per yr 4 ea illegal this does not count local property/sales taxes 4 schools etc What cld U'r family do w/$64,370?
check for tax fraud , how many dependents does it take to not pay taxes? The illegals know , But our IRS is to stupid to see what's there
If a bank loans me $, am I not expected 2 follow the terms of said loan?  If I dnt like the terms, I shd't take the money. C how that works.
Jesse, thank you for this story. I live in WA state and hate they think it is ok to be a sanctuary state. Libs = crazy!
thanks for all u do
Hey @jessebwatters @WattersWorld: @FoxNews is a Sanctuary City for Sexual Predators.
It's amazing how the progressive leftist will protect illegals but not our citizens  and then try to take our rights to defend ourselves
Cities that violate EPA rules lose all fed $$. Housing roads...all $$ until compliance. Same should happen to sanctuary cities
BEYOND SICKENING!! Yet another reason WHY America NEEDS @POTUS #TRUMP to Clean Up CRIME on streets & in gov't! #DCcesspool #DrainTheSwamps
Charge the mayor and sheriffs in Portland OR. w/Martinez as excessores & aiding & abetting
They want to protect criminals it is a #FELONY
Do this.stop the insanity
Does that go for Christian US citizens also. Because more rapes & murders are committed by them than any person here without your permission
Yeah probably but you're a blowhard in the mold of Hannity & Bolling. Great career move, joker.
We also need a law that holds city council members and police chiefs personally liable for crimes committed by illegals in these cities.
We had a predator that kept coming on our property and killing our chickens and ducks. He deserves what happened to the predator.
Hallelujah!
Selective application of the 10th amendment, eh folks?
I think that you should have a daily report on one of those cases. Kates Law! Also reminding us of their Re-election dates.
You should move over to One America News Network Jesse where quality news and great  journalism still live.
Agree 100%
Well said
This guy is not an American and should not get a trial. Take him out and hang him ,he was caught in the act .
Don't waste out tax dollars
Defund all sanctuary cities
I totally agree, Jesse.  Its a form of treason to have these "sanctuary cities" for criminals who might be potential nuclear terrorists.
that could not be more true, and also defund planned parenthood and other organizations like it!
Liberals saying; he's misunderstood ,had a rough life. Not his fault he is a victim of a drug addiction. We should give him a 21st chance.
I just don't understand how you can expect Federal funds when you are flagrantly defying Federal laws. Sanctuary Cities should just secede!
Take there subsidy and enforce the law. If state or city officials don't comply,PROSECUTE!
Agree 100%!!!
Disgusting
I'm confused,  are you saying this would have been better if it happened in a non sanctuary city? Guy should've "gone missing" long ago!
The guy that does the slapstick racist bits supports rabid immigration enforcement. What a surprise.
Anyone harmed by illegal aliens in those places should file suit on city, mayor,sheriff & anyone who proposed and voted in favor on councils
Yes love your show
Jesse Watters is the new force in Fox
Illegal immigration is littered with victims. It is inhumane to protect them & give illegals free reign to escalate crimes toward tragedy
How about name a law for Marcelo Lucero, an innocent, law abiding immigrant murdered by anti-Hispanic, racist teens in Long Island in 2008?
You bet!  Immediately, if not sooner!
We need to fine those Governor who is responsible for this
How does one "defund" a city?  And if a city can be "defended", can a city stop funding the federal government?  Can a city secede? A state?
Right on Jesse
Yes yes yes
will @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr stop tax breaks/subsidies for businesses w/ illegal immigrants?
To Dems it's about the votes they can get at the expense of American lives. They can't win elections any other way!
Amen!
Plan parenthood should be defunded!!!! I don't kill babies.. why should I pay to do so? Executive order Please!
Defund everything that kills life!
Oil subsidies and department of defense? Center for disease control? (bacteria are life)

AMEN!!!!
STUPITY.... Just that simple!
Defund Santuary cities what make them think they are above the law not happening!!!!!!!!
Sanctuary cities if approved need to provide housing in the backyard of mayors that support sanctuary cities.
You also protect this type of ppl. Two American female citizens, horribly abused. You side with the rapist. @KamalaHarris @NancyPelosi
Agteed! Send in the #Marines !
Hold the Judges responsible too, corruption seems about right
I was always taught that harboring a fugitive was against the law. Isn't that exactly what sanctuary cities do.
BREAKING BAD
Tale of the bigotry inflicted on undocumented pharmacists seeking to build a better life for their family.
#tcot
#illegalaliens
Amen Jesse
By the way we are tired of PC talk, keep telling it like it is.
Yep, and its a damn shame they are not.
#sheep# monsters have feelings too!
What are those two guys names. The authorities?
Portland mayor and governor should be sued by the victims of illegal immigrants crimes one way or another the people will win
I totally agree Jesse! What on earth are those cities thinking! I don't understand it at all.
@PortlandPolice @PortlandComms @travelportland @NWSPortland @NWSPortland #tcot #dts @drainthedeepstate @dbongino @DanScavino #maga
Any victim of crime committed by elligal aliens in sanctuary cities should have the right to file a lawsuit against these cities
You should be dfunded you have terrible news coverage,may it trumpnesia or trump fever you have going on!
I believe the mayor's in the police Chiefs of sanctuary cities should be jailed
Amen
People like that shouldn't be deported. They should be shot by a firing squad. Why risk them coming back in? Why give them 3 hots n a cot?
The democrats would lose 3 quarters of their voters. Could this be why McCaulife wanted to allow convicted felons to vote?
No doubt
Thank you Jesse, keep pushing it.
Can't even believe this has t happened by now.... completely agree
Fox News rising stars: @jessebwatters and @TuckerCarlson 

Fox News falling stars: Shepherd Smith and Chris Wallace.
Well said Jesse!
I say go all the way. Jail teachers that produce stupid kids. Jail parents that produce stupid kids. Jail food suppliers that make us fat! 
Amen
just do it!
Tell that to Michigan representative Justin Amash.
PUSH PUSH PUSH...THEY ARE ENABLERS..
Right Jesse. No one is above the Law. Don't matter what kind of suit he/she wears.

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
STOP the insanity in Sanctuary Cities We need the wall and deportation defund these crazy cities!!
Is that California?
Lie detector test determined that was a lie
Simple: Make returning a second time illegally a capital offense.
No illegal every parent should ever be here and deported 20 times and rested for multiple accounts send him back
Living in once Golden State CA, everyone knows what Jerry Brown & Sanctuary City status all about. Free haven for illegals & criminals!
Stuck here. Want to leave. Use to love CA.  It was once golden.
Yes they should. And how can anyone think they have equal rights under our Constitution
20 times folks!!!! That's crap!!! Unreal!!! Disgusting!!!
Jessie. What is a bailout for senators? Do they get to run up debt and make us pay for it??  Dont understand.
Totally agree
The victims families should be able to sue any city/mayor that supports illegal immigration by being a sanctuary city. Enough of this BS.
YouTube Live Watters and Friends

Aw think so, maybe, probably, yes, ABSOLUTELY .
Sanctuary cities are illegal! Harboring an illegal is a FELONY! LOCK UP THOSE MAYORS, EVERYONE!
Fake Fox News microphone jockeys pushing their agenda of fear racing a religion to cause chaos and divisiveness in America
Oregon needs to drain its swamp. Get rid of worthless Gov. ridiculous extreme liberal mayors and all their little buddies...
Idiot.
Absolutely Jesse! Nice job presenting the facts! Now! If Trump will order Sessions in there quickly?! Lets end this thing once & 4 all!
You b
But you say States should have more power and Feds should have less - which way is it?
No American Citizens should be traveling to these sanctuary cities. Your lives r at stake.Theres a high percentage you will b a crime victim
Watters is a known liar!
The clown  of Fox News
We love the Mexican people! This isn't about race, it's about breaking the law. And this is called Reporting the News.
This is called ENTERTAINMENT. There is a difference.
Entertainment? A crime spree, entertainment... Tell that to the women he assaulted. BTW, aren't you breaking a sin in liberal land?
I realize Rep women aren't given those same rights. However, you don't know if these women are Rep/Dems.
Amen Jesse.
Amen Jesse.  You're one of the few who are hammering this point.
#DefundSanturyCities

All American Citizens need to move out of these sanctuary cities , ur lives r at stake , don't pay these cities taxes. Move out now 4 safety
and the mayors & governors defying federal law should lead at least to their ouster as well as arrest for their criminal acts
You mean you no longer advocate for states rights and are looking for sweeping legislation by the federal gov't? Let's raise fed min wage!
Jesse, glad you are picking up @billoreilly cause with Kate's law!
Hey crook, your dribbling crap again...Here, for you....

Anyone who supports sanctuary cities and open borders should let these illegals stay with you. How safe would you feel then? Thought so
How is it not the law already??   Anyone that votes against it doesn't care about my families safety or that of all Americans!
Boycott Fox
And the fact the this is even controversial shows how far off our politicians are.
All sanctuary city's who harbor CRIMINALS that do wrong and don't turn them over I think they should be Liable for any thing they do. Stupid
The Davis Schwimmer of lies, deceit, and misinformation.
Hate JW
This is a ridiculous situation. How can the people want this. It'll bite them in the butt one day.
Seriously, you get this #Dumbass and his silly views on Prime Time? Man, state run television gets stupider by the minute
Great solution. And then cities and their citizens that are responsible for 80% of GDP could stop paying federal taxes.
I really hate this guy's face. He's all my relatives watch. Full of lies, he's brainwashing good people
Sanctuary cities are bs 
law is for the lawless
If u want change on immigration laws do it correctly This is unfair & unsafe 2 us all
How many times do you post the same thing?

After HIMYM, you're now at Fox... wow, talk about career hitting the skids
What's HIMYM?
Governor's, Mayor's, Sheriff's & Police Chief's facilitating Sanctuary shoukd be ARRESTED for breaking FEDERAL LAW! Wakeep calls needed!
If that's what you want, go and form your own world alright
Cars should fly and you should be smarter and off the air, but that hasn't solved anything either.

Jeez, please dont use angels as justification for your unjust wars
Remember when the qualifications to be a prime time reporter were intellect, experience & character.  Now just hire an ex Hooters manager.
4 stars!!
Absolutely! Live neat San Fran and won't go there ever. Dangerous place to visit! Used to love going there. No more!
Protecting borders is a nations right
A new phenomena? How do you classify new?
What about the Great Wall of China? That's 2,300 years old and very clearly a border.
It worked pretty well for awhile.
Sanctuary cities fuel the high rate of human trafficking! Why? b/c no one is looking in those cities.
"@__0HOUR1_ Did you say offshore" https://offshoreleaks.icij.org/nodes/201642 
This network just pushes fear, and propaganda! It's purely entertainment, and NOT news !
I disagree


Amid disarray of Trump presidency, post-American world is coming to fruition faster than I ever expected: My column http://wapo.st/2uHsaop 
This WH is a global embarrassment! I am surrounded by conservatives, and EVERYONE thinks this White House is a disaster ! Incompetence
Just look at who trump hires !?? They are not the best people , they are whoever gets on their knees more ! Sycophants , and that's it!
