BREAKING: AP sources: US to ban Americans from traveling to North Korea.
Well, Dennis Rodman is safe there. But nobody else is.
Thousands have gone & returned.
They note how safe they felt.

Those, like you, that haven't gone don't know what they're talking about.
I stand corrected. North Korea is a beautiful family friendly destination!
Oh, the dripping sarcasm.
Wouldn't recommend it for kids, unless they have relatives there.
Like any country, there is beauty to be found.
I have no doubt there is tremendous beauty and wonderful people there. The issue I have is with the regime there that would gladly kill me.
The regime is not out to kill random tourists.
It is mainly interested in its own survival.
The US has consistently been a threat to this.
Wow. So North Korea is the innocent victim and America is the evil perpetrator trying to destroy them? You can't possibly be this ignorant.
It is not me that is ignorant.
N. Korea is not innocent, but they're not the big threat they're made out to be.
They just try to survive.
Americans aren't safe if the #GOP won't stand up to Trump's influence / leverage by Russia.
It's not like he's make deals to give uranium to them or something

Let Snoop dog go but dont let him come back.
No, those that go are adventurous spirits seeking something really unusual.
North Korea is a fascinating country.
Thousands of Americans have gone & returned OK.
Those that have gone note that they felt safe there.
It's a unique & fascinating country.
It's not a matter of chance.
Those detained disrespected rules.
If you're like that & always try to break rules, then do not go.
Just experience it vicariously through the many online photo galleries of those that went, like:
so is that your stance on freedom of movement? Not that I'd understand why anyone want to go NK but to take away a basic right is too much
You have no 'freedom of movement' in N.K.!
Wise up already!!!
what? who said anything bout freedom of movement in NK? You don't take someone passport and their right to travel. You need to wise up
#OttoWarmbier and his family were too stupid to avoid a dangerous country so they needed government to tell them this #WinStupidPrizes
People vacation in Mexico by the thousands. 2nd most dangerous country in the world.
Thank you for being an American and supporting Pres. Trump. We need stronger more devoted Americans in Congress.
And if you are, it will hurt him terribly. 2/2
It's not up to the government it should be up to the citizen. Travel to a communist country and accept the consequences.
There's no problem traveling to "communist" countries.
Thousands have gone to N. Korea & returned OK.
For example:
I believe I disagreed with Senator Cruz but whatever
Intention can be unclear in Twitter.
What I replied to was the mistaken notion of adverse consequences for traveling to communist countries.
It's a common misconception from the brainwashing Americans get.
Photos show they're just people living their lives.
I don't think any President should ban where an American can travel. That's my bottom line.
I agree with you wholeheartedly.
I really hope u aren't part of this, not because I care, because my cousin joined the service waiting for GOP to be in charge, he loves1/1
We are FED up with congress. ALL of ylu will pay the price at next election. We demand action. Spread the word!!!
After what happened to Otto Warmbier, NO American should ever have the desire to travel to North Korea! They are brutal savages! #RIPOtto
Bullshit.
The doctors in the US found no evidence of abuse.
hahahaha yup, they say the Kimchee this year is nasty. Who would want to go there anyway?
Also ban travel to and from Iran!
Trust me there's nothing cool in N. Korea. Least of all the ugly little man with the bad haircut.
Shouldn't it be up to Americans to decide on whether or not it's worth the risk? I'm sick and tired of the govt deciding what's best for me.
Bullshit.
Thousands have gone & returned safely.
Those few detained disrespected the rules.
Engagement by American tourists would help N. Korea progress & transition to being part of the world.
The only one upset about this is @dennisrodman and maybe @chuckschumer. Just kidding Senator. It's a joke people!!!!
How about "no one is safe in North Korea...even North Koreans"...
No American is safe as long as the Spawn of Satan Cruz is in politics. His focus is to destroy America.
Now you're for big government???
Americans aren't safe at home! Illegal Immigrants killing and raping, Islam demanding their laws and raping! WTH are Republicans doing?
@AP #freedom 
So brave of him
Speaking of foreigners, will you be accepting millions of #darkmoney from Robert & Rebekah Mercer again, or let Texans decide for a change?
They should have banned it long ago - what were they thinking - like NK is an American in California?
No, this is like putting butter on a burn.
It may seem to make sense, but it doesn't.

More tourism would break down barriers of ignorance.
Why would anyone want to visit that shit hole?
That's all I'm saying.
.@FoxBusiness @foxnewsalert @foxnewspolitics Get out before the "Hammer of Thor" strikes.
@AP and it should be noted that the Venezuelans, Peruvians, Brazilians & more have no problem in N Korea. It is people from the USA that do
@AP *sigh* Whle I can't understand why ppl want to travel to N Korea they should bear consequences of their decisions, not have gvt decide
 
Bravo!!!! 
Kim baby get ready!

Anyone stupid enough to go to North Korea will not be stopped by this
Then they sure won't get help from this actions supporters.
There goes your trip to meet up with Vlad to sell US secrets for campaign money
Correct,  no need to go there and become a bargaining chip against US.
@TheChuckNellis I expect North Korea ban to go through fast although North Koreans don't tie up nail bombs
You might want to add Iran! Equally crazy to travel there as an American!
It's like telling young blond American woman to stay out of Aruba......
California is banning state employee travel to Tx and Ky. Liberals are fine with that ban.
Come on! They are dumb as hell there but COME ON!
Getting ready to drop bombs boys. 
No American should ever want to go to North Korea
Why?
It's a fascinating country & much safer than the US.

Just need to respect their rules, which should be reasonable.
How about we add Iran to that list.
Agreed! Everytime a group goes to North Koreans issue seems like someone is detained last minute at the airport. No american should ever go.
Bullshit.
Thousands of Americans have gone & returned without incident.
More tourists would break down barriers of ignorance on both sides.
#betofortexas
That took long enough!!! Travel at your own risk. We dont own the world. @TheBoxThatRoxx @POTUS @JudgeTedPoe
The fact that we need a ban on travel too N Korea is a sad commentary on common sense in this country.
I commend you for standing up for your country and the President! Thank you! So many of your colleagues do not. No back bone. Will be sorry!
THANK YOU TRUMP
Or Iran! We need to include Iran as well. Do we want more Americans as hostages & human shields given what we may need to do at some point?
That's the real problem, what we, the US, mistakenly think we "need to do" to them, just like we did to Iraq in 2003.
To think I was in your campaign! Ends up u r a liar!
Yeeeaaah aren't u a constitutional conservative. So now u support telling us where we can go? Would never go! But still its a right!!!!
#FireproofMeuller so we can feel safer in out own country, please. #TrumpRussia
Why would anyone in their right mind want to got to NK?
American healthcare isn't safe under Trump.  Here's why.
Why would any sane person want to "visit" NK....
Because it is a fascinating place in a fascinating part of the world.
Those that have gone remark on how safe they felt.
It should have been done LONG ago.
Anyone who wants to go to NK should be allowed.  One way.  Raise the collective IQ of US and NK. All aboard!
We want to be free of gov but they have to tell people not to go to hostile countries.  Lol
See, Ted, we can finally agree on something. All is not lost.
So much for land of the free and personal accountable. #bigbrother #autocracy
But people go, get themselves in a pickle & then demand the US drop everything and get them out. If they go during ban, it's on them.
Ban or not, USgov as no obligation to commando out some law-breaking asshat with no regard for his own wellbeing. This is just #nannystatism
@AP AGREE!
You should consider going there... don't bother coming back.
People die eating food, should the government take food away from everyone? More republican regulations, all liars.
The government does tell them that.
It won't be long until we are not safe anywhere with Trump as our president.
That won't be an issue.  It was never on my vacation destination list
For the land of the free...
Should send everyone who opposes the repeal of O-Care there.
Instead of a ban we could have just had a sign that says if you go to NK you will likely die and we wont do anything about it?
The truth is, if you go you will likely return.
Just follow all the rules, like the thousands that already went & returned OK.
North Korea is no threat to the US. If some dummies want to visit a country with which the US has hostility, what happens is on them alone.
Does this include the American ambassador @dennisrodman ?
What about Dennis Rodman?

Me too, now, please, make a little effort to help the Americans living inside the US, your re-election will take care of itself.
Unless you want to end up in a coma, this was already pretty well understood. Poor Dennis Rodman though.
We should have the freedom to make bad decisions.
By the same token it's a bit silly to have to do such a thing. Natural selection.
That should be self-evident to any intelligent American. The fact that we need a ban to keep people out of a hostile country is nuts!
The US is the country that is hostile.
The US invaded Iraq under false pretense.
It's a practice going on since the 1953 overthrow in Iran.

This may well need to be the policy with ALL of our enemies.
Too bad this was not done BEFORE the tragic loss of life.  Were "tourists" not allowed to go to NK, he might still be alive.
So you agree with a "Nanny State" government?  Interesting...
Commend the guy who alleges your family helped kill Kennedy?
Wow.
He must have something on you.
I agree. No American is safe in North Korea
Now add Iran and Syria to that list.
Yes that is true but did we really need a bill for that. It should be common sense. Seems like a waste of Paper
So we made legislation that specifically only effects Dennis Rodman
They must be emboldened by your lack of action on the Cyber Attack on our election
Wolf in sheep’s clothing, neocon masquerading as conservative wants to make boycotting Israel illegal #BoycottIsrael https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/720 …
Why ban them? If people want to be idiots that should be their liberty to do so.
Because it puts us at a political disadvantage with North Korea makes up reasons to essentially hold them hostage
False: when Americans are jailed abroad in other places we are not shaken. Ppl should be able to make their own choices at their own risk.
Once again, who the fuck is going over there????? #NOKOBan
Don't know why it wasn't done earlier.
Because it shouldn't be done at all.
Rodman is going to get captured one of these days.
I know that you and DT had it out in the primaries, but you're a true team player. Thank you @SenTedCruz!
I'm going anyway. Try and stop me.
@dennisrodman is gonna be sad
Does it include Dennis Rodman?
