Another photo op. Why do u think telling us all the good u do is necessary?
well done senator
Teddy you are such a phony!! I feel for Heidi and the girls for your obvious shortcomings as a Senator of this great country!
Cruz...you voted against federal aid for Hurricane Sandy victims because you didn't want to saddle your kids with debt...what about Harvey?
Why was a huge city built astride a bunch of bayous? Who zoned flooded ares of Houston for single family homes?
Is this how you helped in New Jersey after Sandy?
Loads of pork was in the bill.
"Pork" as in a border wall?
Had nothing to do with a borderwall. The bill was written by NY moderates.
I'm talking abt Texas's package now...tied to a border wall. Is that pork?
He would put that in another Bill. Has nothing to do with Harvey.
Thanks to you & your Family for your Help!
Not about black or white.nor legal or illegals . It's about being humans. Thank you @SenTedCruz  and family.
Do you regret your Sandy vote? Do you tell people in Texas you put their futures at risk for cheap political points?
Having lived thru this and helped others - it is hard, heart-breaking work in extreme conditions.
You and your family are doing amazing work
Did Heidi, the girls, staff and you lend a helping hand to people of color today?  Or just lily whites?
Did you ask for their immigration status first? Did it matter, or did you just help people who needed help?
this was covered extensively if u paid attn. texans just helping people period. What did you do?
I wasn't being snarky, I was actually wondering if the people helped by high-profile politicians are vetted first.
no. They weren't
Where Is FEMA and RED CROSS helping in Houston, Texas?
I'm proud of you. Return to DC and secure borders. (the wall etc). Then address guest worker program, DACA and more for those south of us..
Thank you Senator.  Repeal OB care.  I would like to see your replacement plan.  Maybe it has wiggle room for others to add or remove.
Adorable. Now get back to DC and protect the Dreamers! #DefendDACA
Kudos on being more Presidential than the President. Can...uh...can you take over? Please?
He more or less has.  
You were told to DUMP TRUMP, You have not, what are your plans after the next elections,?
#DACA are families too
#DefendDREAMers
What are you going to do about DACA
Hopefully Cruz isn't going to vote against federal hurricane relief like he did on Sandy...(Cruz didn't want to saddle his kids with debt)
The pork stuffed into the Sandy bill was as despicable as it was unacceptable. End of story.
It's really annoying when people pat themselves on the back and post about helping. Just help.
I look at his photos this way: Maybe Cruz does this b/c he wants to give recognition to the Texans who r working so hard.
Good point. I'm just inundated on FB with people posting daily about their good deeds.
Please keep Florida in your prayers re: hurricane Irma.
Vote Blue next time
Don't forget about the small towns that have been completely devastated. Rockport. Port Aransas. Etc
Great job ... Keep it up
If you don't like Ted Cruz you either collect government checks or are heinously misinformed.
Glad to see a Senator who know what the real world is like. You were my Presidential candidate  and hopefully will be again someday
How about serving sandy victims?
Thank you for all you are doing for our great state
Millions have been doing so everyday, all day, but they don't post pictures! Serve in silence, n ask 4 no reward!!
You must have all showered & changed clothes, because none of you in that picture look as if you've lifted a finger!!!
Heartfelt sight,  Strong and Honorable Texans doing what Texans do,  The Right Thing
#Republiklans #RepubliklanParty
This is NOT a PHOTO OP!
Pls STOP saying that.
( CRUZ 2020! )
#TEDcRUZ #LionTed #LyinTed #MonitorNews #ThisWeekABC #NYT #WashingtonPost
Jimmy Carter doesn't post pictures
Do you remember when Trump disrespected your wife and you then still kowtowed to him?
U voted against Sandy survivors aid, HYPOCRITE! Should never be a vote for disasters. $ should be allotted with no strings attached.
Mr. Cruz, thank you.  And God bless Texas.  You are not alone.  Prayers are with you and the great people of Texas
Guess what it looks / is like Ted worked his ass off !
Hint:  It means less when you brag about it.  Serve meekly, be modest.
Cruz do something about preserving DACA. America is about hope not hate. Reagan agrees: http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=44128 
You have a small staff.
I am frankly amazed. Happily so.
Ted, Don't waste your time & energy on DACA. You're kicking the Mexican kids out anyways.
God bless you and your family Sen. Cruz.
Awesome Cruz I'm starting to like u again ! Get rid of the establishment
Fantastic! Wish I could get out there to help. God bless y'all. 
What the hell did you serve Cruz, armpit soup? 
Now you show up and act like a Sen of Texas,helping Texans in worst disaster. Can't understand how they voted for you!  Stay away from NJ/NY
Cruz very Latino name. Where you born in US?  As per trump ( to Obama) show nation birth certificate
Lots of photo ops this past week, first one I've seen of you sweaty or dirty.
Great job Senator Cruz.  I wish D.C. had many more like you.
Thank you Sen Cruz!!
WHY ARE YOU CUTTING OFF AID TO NORMAL CITIZENS AND FIGHTING AGAINST #FEMA.  WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY?
Assume that's sweat Ted? Good job! Now demand @GovAbbott use all TX $10b rainy day fund b4 getting fed $.
God Bless all Texans @Bomberosdesilao back in its station in Mexico
Stop bragging and taking pictures and get to work you foolish gorilla!
Don't forget to thank Mexico for the food and supplies. That's what a neighbor does.. it doesn't kick you when your down!
After a nasty primary #LionTed came out with his head high glowing with integrity.  Much respect for this man.
He phone polled for the man who accused his dad of killing JFK and disparaged his wife #PartyOverFamily
I read that Trump apologized to him in person and Cruz forgave him.
@tedcruz has repeatedly tried to cut funding for first responders and other services that help people in need. That's kinda his thing.
Thank you for helping in Houston. I know Victoria, Refugio, Rockport, Port Aransas, and Aransas Pass need help too.
Heidi seems like a sweet lady.  And #LionTed truly seems like he loves her.  I enjoy hearing about their family.
such a wonderful leader. beautiful family.
Didn't get down to the wards?
Thank you Senator, for all of your hard work, as well as your family's! Proud of you!
Getting dirty I love it! That's what real men do!
I hope you're doing this sincerely and with a servants heart. If so, very valuable lesson for your children. They're always watching.
Cue the puerile comments. To the leftists, let your hate flow.
Come on now lying Ted...jackass...
No ale above the age of 12 years old who use "69" in their screen name can be taken seriously.
Cruz= the zodiac killer
God Bless you #TedCruz and Thank You! #TexansHelpingTexans #TexasStrong
DA.
