Which caused a recession? Trickle down economics does not work. Check your fact from 1981 to1993 bad times for the middle class.
As a matter fact it did! Interest rates were 18% when Reagan got elected went down to 6. Business was booming. I lived through that did u?
Sorry wrong I live through it. Why lie about it?? I can go on Google too and thing up.
Right Rafael, like that really worked the first time!
Fair Tax... 10% for everybody, no exceptions, no deductions... fair to everybody
We also need tax reform abolish the irs enough with this 74k page tax code let's just make it about 3 pages enough bureaucratic bull shit!
Need a lawyer. Pierce County Washington lynch mob Ass. Council will screw you..
"Growth"
Sen. Cruz is correct once again. He'll get bombarded from all sides for that. Just so hard to put up with a man who is right. & has a spine.
I think the world would just be happier if it learned that, as a rule... 
"When in doubt...Ted is right." 
Oh, yes, trickle down economics. It worked so well the first time.

Oh really,  so the party that favors the corporations will promote small business?  Yeah ok dude.
I agree but any cuts should be supported by all Republicans! Can do more next year!
For real growth we need trash like turd crud, and the antichrist  eliminated, and start taxing like before rummy regan, a 2nd rate actor

Reaganomics never worked, and it's insulting that you think we can be duped by this selfish ploy to give your biggest donors a tax break.
Ted apparently does not read. Reaganomics, and trickle down economics do not work. This is been proven many times. But Ted does like to talk
GOP Senator-at-Large recycling 40-year old rhetoric from a failed policy, to no one' s surprise as he is bought by GOP PACs
And we all know, well except you, that trickle down economics did not work. Why do we want to make the rich richer?
More like what does the current budget look like?  Before you start cutting tax revenues...cart
And the Trickle-down BS continues from the CONs.
Reagan started the biggest transfer of real wealth to the top few.  And had the most corrupt administration in history
We need to re-establish the flat tax and get rid of the political puppets known as the IRS which is a waste of tax dollars.
Will we get the same response from you as you did on bama care ?
Ted look at Kansas, that experiment just like Reagans plan failed. Trickle down does not work.
Reagan voodoo economics did not work. You are a fraud. Texas deserves better than Cruz and GOP.
Supply side economics didn't work in the 80's why do you think it works now?
We also need to repeal healthcare and send it back to states....what a disappointment..strike 3
10+ years and counting
Rebel toward all judgments in court of law unless admitted false prosicution and injustices
Tripled the National Debt Ronald Reagan destroyed the middle class and shipped jobs overseas with his push for free trade NAFTA.
That's why you'll never make president lying Ted cuz Reagan was an actor lying Ted
No we don't need Regan stop dwelling on the past Ted Cruz that's what you tell black people we don't need Reagan stop dwelling on the past
Pardon Restitution
You also promised to Repeal Obamacare.  You can't do that if you at least don't get process started. Fed up!!!
Prosicution, persecution due to false statement alng wth abndonment, betryal and segrgation due to lies from prosicution created resentment
Let's just make sure that the rich get the lions share, they deserve it.
Shut up@
No. That just continues to shrink the middle class, as rich hoard the $ continue layoffs.
Reagan style?  So, you do want to give tax cuts to the wealthy while feeding the middle class the BS lines of "trickle down & more jobs.
No, we don't. GOP really needs to study history.
Trump’s Reform Plan Is All About Cutting Taxes—For Trump

More money for the wealthy trying to please your billionaire friends the people who put you there you better or you won't be in office 2020
Trump's voodoo economics combined with Reagan's trickle down should make a really good pee-pee tape. Lyin Ted will "like" it.
This is called the "Trump Loophole" and will benefit rich people who organize their large businesses like Trump does.
@SenTedCruz  could you for once tell the truth.
#ImpeachTrumpPence #treasonweasel
Still mad over Hillary losing?
Yes, do it better than what Regan did.
Ted is a master at tossing out the 'red meat' bites, but nothing he says ever comes to fruition...the SWAMP is DEEP! #MitchMustGo

We the People agree, but you all are too fractured and principled to get any work done. Keep YOUR PROMISES oe Dems will control our future.
Mr Cruz, nothing will get done in the Senate until you replace Mitch McConnell. He is the problem. Until you realize that, you are doomed!
McConnell the problem?
Besides Trump converting the Oval Office into an ATM for his crew of criminals?
If u love deficits this is the way to go - Geeze Teddy trickle down didn't work then & it doesn't work now - got anything original? No? Sad
They never learn. If someone has more money than they can spend, they're not putting it back into the economy.
It didn't work then, it won't work now!
Support President Trumps agenda and tax reform ideas without allowing earmarks for lobbyists/corps.
I agree with Senator #TedCruz Keep Fighting the Good Fight! #KeepTexasRed
The"Good Fight!"
Posting nonsense bumper sticker slogans while blowing up the deficit.
Cruz's base will swallow ANYTHING.
tax cuts never generate enough revenue,never have,never will.
screw middle-class usa citizens,......once again,again.
Why aren't you talking about helping Puerto Rico they need what Texas needed where are you now on TV talking about tax cuts wow help them
No we don't
Why Ted. You’ll just vote it down like you did healthcare repeal. Texas needs to vote you out next time.
I know you remember Trickle down didn't work then won't work now.
No. This is not fiscal discipline.
Who's going to pay for the tax cuts? We already have a huge deficit. Don't you care about our kids future?
"On another note, I'm jerking off right now."
Reagan raised taxes 11 times, sir.
Reagan tax cuts brought about SEVERAL recessions. And elected @BillClinton. And gave the world @HillaryClinton
