Stick it with the repeal and replace...don't let the President break the law by defunding payments.
Yes, you can when 87% of the public tells you they don't want the plans put forward.  Return to regular order and get a plan w 60 votes
You need to have that conversation with Lisa, Susan and John.
And Mitch.
Improve the ACA, don't repeal so u can give billions to the 1%, and keep ur mitts off of SS & Medicare.
Repeal REPEAL REPEAL GET OUT OF HEALTHCARE BUSINESS JUST TAKE CARE OF YOUR POOR REFUGEES LEAVE US ALONE
Trump said let Obamacare die w/no replace? Is that voice of one who cares about US people?His base doesn't care but if lousy HC, they will.
dude: quoting breitbart? for realz?are your constituents that unintelligent?
U All Should Hav Never Left Washington Until Ths Hideous Tax on Americans ws Repeald & Replacd ..MAYB SOM OF U NEED 2 B REPLACD  ..#Congress
Do I care what Breitbart has 2 say?  Big fat NO.
Not Trump fan but agree Obamacare is dead. Need good replace & NOT easy. Reduce HC costs besides just ins. premiums. E.g.Affordable meds,etc
Why didn't @POTUS do homework & talk 2 Repubs during campaign 2 know what's been talked about for 7 years re: HC?Seems he has zero 2 offer.
Are you part of the alt-right like Brietbart?  Shameful!
Sharing a Breitbart article? Really? So if a Dem shared a HufPo article, you would take it as fact as well?
So there are no taxes associated with Obamacare?
Why link to Breitbart? Let him name the taxes he doesn't like himself and have a Town Hall to discuss.
Accountant here. Most people without insurance don't have to pay the tax. Get all the information. Not just what you want to hear.
Whose taxes are you doing? #lies
Last i heard you either have insurance or pay a penalty unless you don't earn enough $, then you are subsedized by other tax payers.
I don't have time for this right now. I'm in Houston. Maybe later we can discuss.
It was always repeal. You didnt start spewing replace until the last two debates! Go back to what you originally promised. #repeal #Congress
This tax hike, job killing premium directly falls on the Senator from Arizona @SenJohnMcCain.
Trump only wants a bill passed...2 him any bill is a win even if hurts most vulnerable.He doesn't care about his broken promises but many do
That's great as long as "Replace" keeps promises made during campaign & protects  most vulnerable.Trump thinks passing any HC bill is a win.
HELP! Sen Cruz!  REPEAL!
@tedcruz have you read this? Great points on repealing Obamacare: http://capitalismmagazine.com/2017/07/seven-steps-to-cure-obamacare/ … #HealthCareIsNotARight
Government doesn't do much affordably.Is there a way 2 do this w/o government involvement?Repubs can't agree after 7 yrs?Try new approach?
Trump needs 2 stop blame game.Not McCain's or McConnell's fault bill didn't pass.Wasn't good bill.Need hard work 2 develop bill r proud of.
Why does @POTUS blame Repub leaders 4 failed HC vote?He made promises 4 "easy & great" HC - had no clue Repubs didn't know how 2 accomplish.
You've already lost.
Just repeal!  Get government 100% out of #healthcare!
I guess you have health insurance and are a christian!
I am a Christian, but I do not have health insurance.  These are not contradictory positions.
Thanks for educating me about Christians, I thought they cared about others and want to treat them as they would want to be treated.
What is this about massive tax hike 1/1/2018?????? Is McConnell NUTS?
Repeal the mandate, I mean tax. We're hurting out here. #Congress Do your job.
Please give it up. You are trying to kill healthcare, not fixing it. No Repeal.
Obamacare is more popular than Congress.  Listen to America, fix it and give up the repeal rhetoric!  The country is watching you!
Breitbart?! You're disgusting.
That's not true and you know it. Prices are rising due to uncertainty!! Call a spade!
You're not at ALL concerned that Teump has NO CLUE how this works? "Payroll smaller?" No, they're sitting in a hotel room waiting. On Our $$
Your solution to ACA is to pass a lousy plan that would kill 16M Americans? Senators: please vote your conscience!
#RepealAndReplace #Obamacare why not cocus on supporting our last chance of freedom. Back Trump
Problem is the @GOP wants to kill off as many people as they can, but can't get the rest of US to agree, why not get everyone covered?
After seven years of Republicans promising to come up with improvements to the Affordable Care Act I've given up on Republucans. Game Over.
ok the tax is removed , then everyone will buy insurance only when they are sick, so who is going to cover the cost ???
patients are not consumers...........you guys made them that way. can usse the same model in police fire and law and order.
With regard to the replace part, sometimes the cure is far worse than the disease.  Anything that isn't free market will fail miserably.
https://apnews.com/cc6b335865e24a4b843dc0e2c4cc6c7a … Actions by the Trump administration are triggering double-digit premium increases
http://www.cepamerica.com/news-resources/perspectives-on-the-acute-care-continuum/february-2017/emtala-obamacare-repeal …
EMTALA-related hospital costs dropped by 42 percent under ACA w/ estimated $13.4 billion reduction in uncompensated care. And your plan?
Do you plan to keep health care a right as per Reagan signed EMTALA? Or do you have a plan to repeal EMTALA?
https://www.acep.org/uploadedFiles/ACEP/News_Room/NewsMediaResources/Media_Fact_Sheets/EMTALA%20Fact%20Sheet%202012-FINAL.pdf …
Reagan made health care a right signing EMTALA in 1986. Result = $4.2 billion in uncompensated cost to physicians. https://www.acep.org/Clinical---Practice-Management/The-Impact-of-Unreimbursed-Care-on-the-Emergency-Physician/ …
Massive Tax Cuts for Vicious Rich Republicans, Crucifixion for US.
We dont want it. Also, let's (as my State Sen) not link to n Alt-Right news platform when giving constiuents information. Not a good look.
#ReElectTedCruz @tedcruz @SenTedCruz @TeamTedCruz @cruzgrassroots for #TXSenate #2018Election He’s our advocate in Congress!
to Lying Ted:  STOP LYING -  facts show plenrty jobs abound
#lies  literally one hundred million people out of work #Jobs  never coming back. Obamacare sealed the deal
Was your father really part of assination, or was that just a lie?
#RepealNotReplace
Get out of our healthcare. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Breitbart? On board with Steve Bannon?
What GOP? The Republican Party as such sucks!!!! Way to many special int. Instead of the PEOPLE
Tired of hearing about something that has a simple solution: All Republicans voting in the interests of their platform going back 7 years.
"DT you're a sniveling coward. Leave Heidi the hell alone!"also, "may I work 4u please sir?" = 2 sniveling cowards!
JUST IN: Trump considering Ted Cruz as to replace Sessions as AG: report http://hill.cm/ihTiXSR  
Stop worshipping at the altar of the free market and start worshipping Jesus.
And with his signature to the bill in 1986, Reagan also made "health care as a right" law.
No you're trying to run for president right now I guess if we can have a trump I guess you could be there but you'd be almost as bad as him?
Then how about you and the rest of the do nothing senate get to work and do something for America and not yourselves for once!!! #useless
When the polls open. I will vote against every candidate that voted against the repeal to be replaced by fresh blood
Obamacare needs total repeal and expand Medicaid to help the poor and sickly
Every American must vote every obstructionist out of office. Otherwise this president term will be like being stuck in the mud.
Here's a thought...stop tweeting to the world about this...walk down the hall and smack your Repub bros upside the head and get it done...
Sure you can.  #LoseCruz2018
They never started because of your ACA exemption. They have no concern about the people they lied to so they could win the vote
REPEAL. McConnell and company spacey, lazy asses now blames president!??!  Wake up Mitch. We're all seeing ya.
Mitch McConnell isn't interested. Not until another New Senate Majority Ldr is in Place - nothing will be done.
Town Hall yet?

Cruz will lose in 2018.
Will you go get a life and do something constructive. They damn sure shot down your idea. You will not be the guy that fixed healthcare
Spawn of Satan Cruz wants Americans to die w/o healthcare. He hates Americans that can't stuff money in his pockets. He embarrasses Satan
If you used real facts instead of Breitbart maybe you could make your argument. #losecruz2018 #canCornyn2020
Why are you using the language of the progressives now? Repeal and Replace? Just 100% #RepealObamaCare !
Ted; the sad +pathetic thing is the #GOP isn't going to #RepealObamaCare, you know and we know it! #RINOS and frauds within GOP
If you can put in measures that will allow buying across state lines and any other competition measures, that reduce cost, it would be
All we want is our free market back so we can choose the plans and coverage we want.
I know you're only one senator, but I'm begging you to find a way to stop McConnell working with Dems to save Obamacare.
How many Senators are being paid by Soros operatives in Washington DC right now? We know McCain is one of them!
Arizona has 2 opportunist self absorbed Dependent bullshit artists in the Senate masquerading as conservatives.Dont trust them
Senator Cruz, thank you for your service, where have the Patriots all gone? Not into the Senate surely! Your esteemed colleagues disgust me!
Time for u to stand up Cruz I've supported u this whole time.
Now you're getting your news from Breitbart? Great Senator...shame on you.
Y not focus on the vacation king and his threats to N Korea, or Iraq's oil, or Russians? R your only priorities money, greenbacks & bills
Breitbart?  @librarycongress  should be able to help you find credible info https://www.loc.gov/rr/news/extgovd.html …
Amen!! Ditch Mitch, he's making a MOCKERY of the GOP, Senate, and America and should be CENSURED. Probably a lead DEEPSTATER. SAD
The elite in washington make money off of Obama care. The reason they are whining is their gravy train is leaving. Let it fail.
Can't or shouldn't?
Forget the healthcare bailout for health insurance companies! Just get rid of state lines & fines for not being able to afford!
How about you do your job and ensure the president follows the Constitution? No more undeclared wars waged by Presidents.
I am leaving Healthcare up to you Senator-I can no longer trust or count on my representatives please fight for us!
Referencing breitbart.  Can you get a less credible source?

Nuclear deterrence is only effective if threats are deemed credible, bluster hurts our national security posture
There're several of the republican senators which should be ashamed by not caring for the American ppl and the hardship they're going throug
Until you introduce legislation to force congress to live under Obamacare, get off your high horse. You are part of the problem #hypocrites
Imagine a world where people of all stripes worked together to solve the people's problems.  @BetoORourke in 18!
http://www.chicagotribune.com/suburbs/daily-southtown/opinion/ct-sta-slowik-bipartisan-compromise-st-0806-20170804-story.html …
Just need to get Collins and Murkowski on board. They will only vote yes if Planed Parenthood is fully funded.

Cancel that tax and you kill PP&ACA. You own it now. You will kill the law of the land and its people by leaving them high and dry. Sad!
GOP Senator-at-Large also thinks El Chapo (& his successors) just left $$$ lying around for  to scoop up...not exactly leadership material
Repeal and replace @realDonaldTrump
Yes the can and they did. Thanks to 3 GOP heros especially one who was diagnosed with brain tumor
And yet some in the GOP gave up right after Election Day.
Why don't you work with the women in the Senate and the Ds to come up with a solution.  Sorry I'm sure the Koch brothers wouldn't like that
Is there no GOP Sen with the courage to challenge McConnell to step down. Keep fillibuster and use revenue neutral. We're losing
Sen McConnell said today it is Trumps fault the repeal failed not his. Trump had to high expectations! No you had 7 yrs fool.
I think u r 1 of the few sen. left that's not the butt of ppl's jokes,not infuriatin the majority.Some1 who's tryin 2 do what's best for US
Talk to ur constituents first senator. Town would be nice.
Tell this to your Senate Republicans? Theh don't really seem to care. They have their own self interest or dislike for the President
Like you better all the time.
@SenTedCruz give healthcare back to the States.  We do not need the Federal Gov to handle this, or bring in healthcare professionals
Wow, please take your responsibility of informing us of pertinent information, by stopping your abuse of social media.
Thanks
Please just repeal. Get government outta my business
"WE THE PEOPLE" HOPE & PRAY FOR REPEAL & REPLACE BY SENATE! WE WILL FIRE EVERYONE OF THEM IF THEY DO NOT DELIVER!
If the GOP fails to repeal they will lose my support permanently. Your colleagues are completely out of touch#repeal
@SenTedCruz I respect u and you've been a pillar of strength in these trying times.But they never believed the promise.Stop w/the false hope
We were promised repeal, full repeal, not #RINOCare Repeal In Name Only
Please let us choose our own health insurance

Enough it enough. DJT is wild and irrational, act before we all pay the price.
@JohnCornyn @RogerWilliamsTX @SenTedCruz
Your commitment should be to provide healthcare, not to play political games.
Green eggs and a lack of any substantial policy initiative. @SenTedCruz, you have done nothing to help Texas, so keep beating this horse.
Surely you aren't using Breitbart as real news? Constituents don't want you to mess up our healthcare. Just stop this nonsense. #norepeal
Come on, Cruz, we only want REPEAL. Get Govt. out of health care & health insurance!!! Opioid epidemic caused by Medicare--a govt. program.

wheres the ........plan,to re=place with TED!!!..U must hav equal or better plan to re-place with!
How stupid, less coverage means less healthcare jobs..get it ??
Mcconnell and Ryan accepted Rosneft money. Did you? Is this acceptable? https://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/04/new-report-reveals-mcconnell-ryan-took-millions-russian-oligarch-tied-putin/ …
Replace? How about just repeal?
Not going to happen with these spineless Repubs.
Any Faux Republican that thinks this betrayal will be forgotten is a fool.
Try standing behind our elected president. Stop lying to us!
When DJT stops lying would be a good place to start.
give up on Breathing, instead, bitchBoy.
Ted, do you think if you got elected as POTUS that MSM & RNC would be going after you like @realDonaldTrump ?
Why are y'all on vacation?
'cause they're assholes who can't admit how bad they screwed up.
REPUBLICAN PLAN WAS THREE TIMES WORSE THAN ACA! FIX ACA DON'T REPEAL IT!
I think to be a politician you have to have no work ethic
THEN REPEAL OBAMACARE. QUITTERS
campaign rhetorics Ted, hmmm you a goodboy though...
Just repeal. No replace.  Let the free market work.
Don't bother proping it,  up by not letting the taxes increase. Repeal,  and repeal only. Allow the free market to do what it needs to do.
Free market?  Turning patients into profit centers?  No thanks.
2,3,5% what's the diff? We can't afford any of it! Lowdown, dirty Congress should live under the same laws the rest of us working slobs do!
Ted you colleagues in the senate are not on the same page as you keep up the good fight it is up hill with McCain and Graham
Your sabotage of the ACA is more of a tax than anything the ACA imposes. Face it, you aren't capable of fixing American healthcare.
We Republicans are so disgusted with your colleagues right now-especially McCain-that we are seeing red. Now we're forgotten by the GOP!
Lyin' Ted!  #MAGA #DrainTheSewer
Sewer was drained. Into the Oval Office
Oh Teddy have you really sunk that low that you're spreading Breitbart propaganda around?
Slow day there hey?   Coo loo coo coo loo coo coo..
Figure out how you can repair the ACA and provide insurance for Americans. Repeal next year.
Accountant here. Many don't qualify to get taxed. Stop spreading fake news. Tell the WHOLE TRUTH.
You are not the majority.
Please explain, with citations, how this is unconstitutional
We decided we like the ACA! Haven't you been paying attention?
No the people who pay for it, hate it ,the people who get it for free, love it.
Hahaha! Reposting Breitbart will not help your credibility!
I am not seeing Media behind the only Bill before Congress that makes sense and gets healthcare to our citizens; "Block Grants to States"
Know this: we are paying attention and the rhinos will pay for their obstruction.
Taxed if do. Taxed if we don't.
Unlike you, Senator, not all GOP are loyal to their represented citizens & promises. Some just bash POTUS & feed their power intoxication.
Senator Collins of the state of Mane likes the Obama care so much she voted to keep it ,by voteing no Repeal ,Think of that leading you
Get it done promised for 7yrs now let's get it done!
Keep on talking about it!! @GOP has a job to do!!
@GOP in a nutshell!! How does it feel being their pimp u nincompoop?


No credibility when your link is to breitbart.
#Obamacare recipients deserve a bipartisan effort to improve and expand their HC. Why are tax cuts for the rich more important to you?
I've never made more than $42,000 a year in my life do you consider me rich? Why must my taxes stay the same, to pay for your entitlement!
Breitbart? Really? Next up is Alex Jones. Repeal and replace the Cowardly, Lyin Ted in 2018! How about a town hall for your constituents?
Do your job. Work with Dems to repair the ACA!
Fix the ACA. Texas deserves better than Cruz.
Go after the crooks, Sen."Ted the Tiger ". You are in millions American hearts.
Lying Ted.
