that's true. Medicare for all is the way to go
But also give private insurers the right to compete and consumers the right to choose.
nah.
Nah what?
medicare for all is the way to go
I bet we can agree that we don't need the gov to spend our money for us.  We are quite capable of spending it ourselves.
Free markets naturally promote the most desired product, do they not?  Allowing private markets to compete keeps Medicare costs in check.
Why not just stop taxing us to death so we can then pay for our own health care? We don't need gov to spend our money for us.
It'd be a serious mistake to propose bills like Graham-Cassidy and skinny repeal rather than 1/
provide relief to the millions of Americans hurting under pre-existing conditions. #MedicareForAll
It is called Freedom.Founders said,"Pursue Happiness" not, guarantee happiness.Choice and Freedom...pay ur own way.We call that America!
What about freedom from sickness or death? Not everyone has a choice and that is a travesty. I'd call taking care of your neighbor America.
,"Pursuit of happiness." Implies each citizen must Pusue not Panhandle for http://benefits.Work ,effort,enterprise,Health is not a Right!
I wouldn't put health into the "pursuit of happiness" category, I think it belongs in the "life" category. Why shouldn't it be a right?
It is a right to have free food,free child care,free hoising,free phones,free car,free elec,free water,free groceries,free gas,free cable?
You go Ted! we hear ya!
Yes,just go..
..
Texas loves him soooo much. He is here to stay.
Ted, ur pal @SenJohnMcCain & @senchuckschumer along with other GOP r TURNING ON Americans 4 insurer bail out! @SenateGOP  @foxnewspolitics
Do something Senator
Support Trump!
Why aren't you talking about the Ocare death panel? Have you read the 2,000+page Ocare? Or are you going by what you hear?
We already know you don't handle your own twitter account,  your slippery handed intern does.
So no sense replying to you.
#gop #dnc #POTUS
Yes, insurance companies need to go. Single payer is the best way forward!
You are absolutely right! Insurance companies need no help. The American people do!
American people need Market Based Health Care where each person or family is FREE TO CHOOSE & http://Pay.Health  Care is not a Right
I completely agree!
No bail outs for insurance companies, I agree with that, they have ripped off the American people long enough.
Turn yourself in ZODIAC KILLER!
Obamacare has hurt many, it needs to be repealed....only good if  you are on a freebie.  I agree .... egregious to bail out insurance co's.
It was a serious mistake not to end obama care
It would be a serious mistake to think you know anything about health care economics.
Insurance companies don't need a bailout! They need to stop price gouging. End their monopolies NOW!
1st, the Liar n Chief promised them,"you will love it." Like his lies to America! We spend 350%for http://less.Insurance  Cos. Losing BIG$$
Obama owns Obamacare. He set it to be fully implemented aka explode after he left office.
The only part of the ACA numbering in the millions is the number of lies GOP has told about it. The GOP sabotaged it. #SinglePayer now.
Try using logic Ted. If our Gov accepted expansion TX would be better AND pregnant women in TX wouldn't be suffering bcz GOP greed
Senator Cruz has more logic and intelligence than you could ever hope to have, honey. 
Dumb.
........
Single payer.
No thanks
BUT it is ok to pay 1 mil for Tom Price to fly around? Price needs to be fired/ resign for misusing tax $ on plane trips, some PERSONAL use!
Put congress on our insurance then your bill will get passed!
Totally agree.
You are correct. So what can we do to hold reps accountable? @russellabaker
Ban contributions from big oil, pharm, msp's & we won't need a big DOD & $$ will be there to pay med cost.Why do we police poppy fields?
You and Cornyn are responsible for pregnant women dying in TX because you hate ACA and cut PP funding
What the hell is wrong with you? Why should tax payers pay for a strangers abortion?
Better yet, an amendment  to add, "WE The People", to the insurance plan all Congress and their families  etc. get would be quick and smart.
Right on
I agree with you Ted don't let these idiots do it
You think the screen shot of your own letter, makes your lies more convincing.
You just say stuff, and you love the sound of your voice! Don't be ridiculous; this is been the law for many years, GOP waffling has hurt it
No kidding. HUGE mistake.
Yes!!! Stop using tax money to prop up companies soaking up profits and paying CEOs millions!!!
Exactly
REPEAL solves both issues and returns HC to free market - getting DC out (per Constitution - Enumerated Powers).
Thanks @tedcruz
It's not bailing out insurance companies.
Repeal and replace Cruze from US Senate. Texas deserves better than GOP.
We hold the majority and the purse, so DON'T let it happen!
Do you call different agencies to see how the US is handling of insurance business  acquisitions globally?.... https://insurance.einnews.com 
GOP reason Ocare failing..90% drop in ads, cut 50% time to register & platform down on Sundays for registratipn. STOP LYING
The reason people are hurting is because the insurance companies need bailed out.  We were never at war with Eastasia.
LOL. So funny how dishonest Cruz is.
I say no don't bail them out they are a Behemoth monopoly
Ted, do you know how many universal healthcare nations on earth? Americans are human like those. Why don't they deserve one?A serious answer
Nevada's FIRST MONTH
$27 Million in sales  generating $3.8 million in State taxes.
 Healthcare, schools, infrastructure.
Not a dime for them.
Their board members make millions, yet they want to cancel each policy holder over any cost expenditures.
Decriminalize and legalize. 
Cite and release already sweeping Texas.

So, since you can't pass a palatable alternative, people should lose their coverage?
No company should ever be bailed out by gov't regardless of the industry. At the same time, gov't shouldn't impose regs that ruin companies.
Maybe the Clinton's can bail out the insurance companies with all the money they claim they raised for charity but have not yet donated.
But you've shown that you can't come up with a viable alternative.
Oh, there's a viable alternative: free market competition.
We just can't get RINOs to realize it.
#FullRepeal
So there's the problem
Indeed.
Despite decades (centuries?) of history to the contrary, there are still folks who believe free markets don't work. Oy.
#Econ101
Zero Dollars to Exchanges  PERIOD!!!!!!!
Insurance companies should not need/want a bailout.  Greed.
• @BarackObama bailed out insurance companies ... so he could provide NO relief (just lies) to millions of Americans hurting under Obamacare
.
The volume of vitriol from ignorant liberal women on this thread is mind-blowing.  You poor victims.
No bailout. Obamacare dies
It’s a serious mistake to bail you out for watching PORN!
Depends on their profit margins. W/ non-profits, you have to look at their exec comp packages. If clean, then may have lost $ in other sect.
Like 500% increases for epipens, that sort of thing.
Ted quit being still FIX ACA quit screwing your constituents on healthcare @indivisibletxjc @texasdemocrats @indtx36 @DFWforBeto
Why didn't you vote to repeal Obama care then? You're talking out if bith sides of your mouth. Not a good look.
Totally correct. Amazed at all the snowflakes slamming this in their replies. My family is subsidizing a ton of people on Obamacare by paying huge premiums/ high deductibles where we don't even get any benefits. Giant #WealthRedistribution
Didn't stop TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz from protecting the VA while our American Veterans died though. Double standards by ted
Like we’re bailing out Texas with FEMA money? Man, you sure love bailouts when they benefit you, but never for the rest of us. Piss off.
You lie! You, the White House & your Republican buddies are doing everything you can to destroy my healthcare. #FixACA
Stop building the USELESS wall and fix ACA!!! @GOP @TheDemocrats @SenateDems @SenateGOP #NoBrainer
What the hell?  Anthem had over $2 billion in profits in 2016. The real problem is that healthcare is a for profit business.
Sen Cruz is Correct why do Ins-Cos need a bailout?I'm 78 and had Free Market Insurance till age 65 and It Was Affordable!Drain The Swamp
You're a good man,you could be a great man if you stand with The People always.Stop siding w Paul Ryan, his use by date is fast approaching!
"Relief"
I agree 100% would this include Veteran who have been locked out and denied enrollment?
Than why did you back out of the new bill? I haven't had insurance since ACA. It's NOT AFFORDABLE. Only works for the rich and poor
it was a serious mistake electing you guys on the assumption that you were serious about repealing obamacare.
SERIOUS MISTAKE!
This guy thinks keeping protections for sick people is a burden.

Protect our healthcare —support @BetoORourke for Senate! #BetoForTexas
How many Socialists does it take to add 0 + 0 and come up with ZERO
Obummercare is a Bankrupt Ponzi Scheme that is BANRUPT
I urge President Trump to with hold all insurers subsidies and do all he can to dismantle by EO all aspects of ACA that he can do legally
Dear Ted, I'm not hurting under #ACA. Keep sabotaging it and millions will be, tho. You are a monster.
How can you expect US to listen when Tom Price is stealing millions $$ from US???
Get him out - then we can talk!!!
Father we pray for a better Congress, one who is for the people and not for special interest. Make this country good again so we can b great
So now you supports further subsidies and expanding Medicaid?
Stabilizing markets is not a "bailout."
In a SOCIALIST's World!  Americans do not want to prop up a failed PONZI scheme. BAILOUT! 2009CBO=10yrs $800 bil.7yrs$3.5 Trillion BANKRUPT
GOP best not destroy ACA before you fix it.
This isn’t a bail out. The Trump administration is sabotaging the ACA. Stop choosing your #PartyOverCountry #Beto2018
Hey Senator Ted, let's stop bailing out GOP politicians taking private flights on tax payers dime first 
That is the OBUMMERCARE RABBIT HOLE. Budget for 10yrs$800 Bil. Real spnding
Spending in 7 years $3,500,000,000.00.That is over 500% higher than the BOZO CBO LIE. Bankrupt Failure.1270 counties=No Choice for Care
UTexans so much why aren't you pressing Gov Abbott 4Rainy Day funds or did u help spend it? How about cutting dwn on office costs first?
Ted, who are you to call out mistakes when you faved incest porn less than a month ago
It'd be a serious mistake to bail out insurance companies rather than provide relief to the millions of Americans hurting under #Obamacare. 
Cheap shots versus a Serious Debate about Principles and Policies
Reps and Senators should have to use the same health care as regular citizens. You dont care about us
I don't agree with 45 on everything, but Lyin Ted is accurate.
For profit healthcare ins is hurting the American people. Use the gov as a large ins. Pool and save the people lots of money it's that easy
Your right. #MedicaidForAll
YOU will also be held accountable (2018) for lending your voice to the #Sabotage of #ACA, and helping "that" man put MM of lives at risk!
Truth, full repeal @CBNGordon @HealthRanger @RandPaul @TGowdySC @FoxNews @dbongino @700club  @marklevinshow @SandraSmithFox @KennedyNation
And you're just a sore loser who doesn't care about anyone but yourself.
Write all the letters you want Senator Ted we know you and GOP are sabatoging #ACA playing Russian roulette with our lives 
When are your choices not hurting Texans? How about not allowing EPA to take a pass...
This wouldn't be an issue if you would solve the issue of cost before damning the people with a plan. Cart before the horse is stupid!
This is a lie. The GOP sabotaged the ACA and this is your fault.
not only Obamacare, my employer insurance costs have risen and my  deductible has more than doubled.
You betrayed the voters and your party with your promise of repeal & replace..
You realize you control the government right? Stop hitting yourself.
Why bail them out?  Tell their CEO’s to take a pay cut
wrong again TED..,.this shows your grandstanding habit vs. working for 24+million usa citizens that are in dire need of Healthcare action.
Millions more will be hurting under the fascist GOP's "let the poor die off" plan, so your fake concern for "Americans hurting" is obvious.
7 years you GOP clowns are no closer today than before. Truth is you don't want any affordable healthcare. Enrich oligarchs, screw others
You can be sure most of us think that is so wrong also!!!
#wewillneverforget
The two biggest opponents to whatever the GOP proposes for HC are Rand Paul and John McCain.
Have them write a HC bill together.
We want same care you politicians get!

Our deficit spending means any ins co bailout will be paid out of wages of future gens who gain no benefit. That's immoral and unforgivable.

You guys had a chance to repeal.  You failed us
Your a liar
You should be ashamed of yourself.
#CHIP (Children’s Health Insurance Program, which covers 9 million kids) expires tomorrow because GOP was too busy trying to repeal ACA. 

POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 

.@ChrisMurphyCT explains how Obamacare isn't dying — Trump is purposefully killing it 

We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
You came up short because of lying to the American people for years so don't think we will listen now
I totally agree. It's not the responsibility of the Federal Government to bail out ANY company, PERIOD!
So, why does the Federal Government fund Planned Parenthood, a NON-PROFIT organization? But yet they make LOTS of profit off dead babies!
Why can't the GOP Senators come up with a viable HealthCare plan that passes? Is it really THAT hard? If so, what will it take to get done?
Because many don't feel the government should be providing healthcare at all. Makes the conversation difficult from the get-go.
Bottomline: They have to figure out a bipartisan solution and move past this. We put these people in congress to solve problems
The only people "hurting" under Obama Care are those not enrolled yet.
They're not enrolled because it's not affordable. Duh
we can't bail out companies that don't even published prices. ..nevermind relate them to a cost!
We don't need to bailout insurance companies, let them go under because it's a scare tactic
RAISE #PayrollTax on GOV #Paychecks & it will Balance #SOONER with less #DEBT and or #Deficit Spending.#FACT IS its $200B per year $2T in 10
@SpeakerRyan @RandPaul @HouseGOP @SenateGOP My BCBS went from 348 to over 1200, cancelled it. WHO is concerned about all who LOST ACCESS?
Why Ted? Why you gonna oppose the first step when NO ONE will make the big step to stop communist medical control
"Failure is not an option", but you just keep doing it.
@RandPaul  @SpeakerRyan INSURANCE companies are not supposed to be guaranteed a profit, NOR be paid by TAX PAYERS. Give US a break.
Only people hurting are the ones republicans refuse to help lying Ted
