More like a slap in the face to Trump.
Thanks to Honorable Senator Cruz for your relentless endeavors to Blacklist IRGC. Onward 4 a FreeIran
Senator Cruz, sanctions on Russia makes us less secure. Russia=ally. Fights ISIS. Helped in Afghanistan. Warned us Boston Marathon. WWI&II.
Screw sanctions, get the healthcare bill passed
Sanctions. #NorthKorea had committed acts of war against the US and since a state of war has existed since the 50s
It's time to end it
#MAGA
Ok now that you all senators got that off your chest how abt passing obamacare repeal so we the taxpayers in middle class can be helped...
You really think the 3 countries should be lumped together?
The bill has discreet sanctions on each country all rolled into 1. It paired Iran sanctions that WH wanted with Russia ones Congress wanted.
Great, so it's half a good bill and half a lousy bill.
I wouldn't put it that way but I'm interested in what you think. Which half is good and which half is lousy in your opinion?
I think the Russian sanctions are lousy. I'm not convinced they interfered in our elections any more than we have in Israel or Ukraine.
You may not be convinced but EVERY US intell agency that has looked at it is AND Congressmen that have seen classified info voted for it too
Correction: 4 political appointee agency heads said so, & the point is they NEVER looked at it, they accepted the analysis of DNC contractor
Reread my tweet. Never mentioned a specific # of agencies, just said all that looked into it. Let's do it this way, name 1 that doubts it.
Finally! Something we can all agree on! Except of course @realDonaldTrump. What's he hiding?
A resort and a casino in Pyongyang  ?
#LoseCruz2018 464 days
Vlad the Senate failed to pass ACA repeal.  Major Republican failure.
Could you please communicate your bill and amendments in repeal and replace.
Republican do a lousy job.
Fully explain differences. thx
Healthcare before taxes.  Repubs going to pay heavy price for lying about repeal. I'm a reliable primary voter. Get repeal done or else.
OMG OMG OMG you mean North Korea's gas price goes up  50 cents? 

LOL 2018 will be a bloodbath because of you grandstanding liars
It's Obamacare not the Russians bankrupting the middle class. Frustrating!
Who freakin cares how about the damn American people why dont u all care about us dont we matter or just reelection #wolvesinsheepsclothing
Ted, did you see that #NorthKorea has JUST launched another missile?
#Senate
#Iran
#Russia
#MAGA 

http://www3.nhk.or.jp/news/html/20170729/k10011079291000.html …
You were winning me back, but you lost me again. Russia sanctions based on a lie, and micromanaging @POTUS - nope.
What about @POTUS  ? 
Passing them too  ?
You ALL FAILED!!!!
Maybe you guys can pass something that will keep the Democratics from giving our country away how about that
I am glad you passed it because if President Trump doesn't get reelected and a Democratic gets in we will need it
Glad @SenTedCruz is pushing to remove congressional exemption from the ACA #hypocrite
@The_Trump_Train To the Boy Scouts: there's nothing to apologize for. Obama spewed political rhetoric whenever or wherever he was.
Another big Lie  by the politicians they know sanctions don't do anything just sounds good for the Sheepol
Biggest threat to National Securitybis ILLEGAL ALIEN entry into our country. Use our laws or stay out!
You guys really want to go to war with Russia don't you?? Obama already sanctioned Russia, with no proof of wrongdoing. This is BS
Thank you, Senator.
Will Trump sign off on Russian sanctions?  Do you have the cojones to override?
I have looked at you as a man of high morals & integrity.Then U go & try to start WW3 w/RU. I hope U lose.GOD blow this MO FUCKING PLANET UP
Is Twitler happy?
Right. Sanctions will solve the problem.
Trying to cover your ass for when trumpy is dethroned for treasonous collusion with Russia, huh Felito?
Great news now pass Health care Repeal and Replace.
Controlled opposition Cruz. Spending more time defending the fake Russia story than you do defending the president. Getting primaried in 18!
I AGREE WITH YOU
Next on the agenda sanctioning sick people! Kicking 1 in 20 Americans off their health insurance while cutting taxes for campaign donors! FU
Great now get on Osama care!
bipartisanship 4 the greater good feels good right? Working together and getting it through....healthcare should have been same
Nope
Remember when you came to national prominence for shutting down the government in '13 over ACA repeal? 4 years later and still no ideas
This is a ploy to take away power from the president.
This is probably the ONLY like you will ever receive from me. Well done.
Glad you're glad #LyinTed. Wonder what @realDonaldTrump will do?
Cruz 2020
Great!!!! What about a very important bill Healthcare??????
Take this message to those 7 and to whomever gets in way of skinny. YOU WILL BE REPLACED WHEN WE VOTE NEXT. Ted if U can twist arms twist em
How does anyone know the DNC was hacked? Not a soul has been allowed to examine their servers. Oh, and they were plotting Russia 15 mos ago.
Let see if your boss signs it now - crazy world @potus
Understood. Your cronies can make more money jacking up prices for that which they'll sell to those countries anyway. No jail for the rich.
Who cares.  Get us tax reform. Do your job!!!!
Sorry, that does nothing for the forgotten men and women who voted for relief from crushing unemployment, unaffordable healthcare
Get the healthcare done!  Obama really screwed it big time
You are a disaster a shame taking healthcare from millions isn't American
Sanctions have worked wonders in the past with these 3 hell holes
Yet you still can't face real Texans to talk about real health concerns, you are so brave Rafael.
Why? You support grand theft?
Thank you for you vote Senator
Get rid of no veto language.  We need separation of powers.  We have a Constitution.
It's passed both Houses of Congress with a combined margin of 517-5. Veto proof majorities. It's done.
Need to go to Supreme Court then.  This is not okay.
This IS an example of the separation of powers designed to have one branch checking the potential abuses of another.
The executive is now unable to check the abuses of the legislative.
Well, the legislation was passed overwhelmingly by the President's own party and the overriding of a veto is not new.
Only a handful on Republicans understand what is going on.
Um, I think Republicans on the Hill and in the WH are keenly aware of what's going on.
PASS FREAKING HEALTHCARE
Who gives a shit? Get on with healthcare or find a new job, simple as that.
Except war with Russia and all.
