Nuclear North Korea.

Ted Cruz, wrong yet again.
Iran is an immediate threat though. That is the argument he is making.
Not really what he said. And neither Iran nor North Korea are nuclear capable right now. But Iran could be, on a small scale.
Iran already has nuclear capability. Most military experts argue that they're stockpiling in secret.
Per the terms of the nuclear agreement, they disarm completely and give up vast majorities of the key components. They've been compliant.
how about a nuclear north korea? or lack of impartial science over sight? or lack of excellent public education or access to college?
Idk man, I think the zodiac killer might be worse.
Your generation will be the 1's to find out. GL
#Iran hates YOU, regardless of you "like", what you "feel", or "think".. THE MORE YOU KNOW
I CERTAINLY HOPE SO AND YOU TOO,
Why do you only type in All-Caps?
BECAUSE ITS MY STYLE AND I CHOOSE TO DO SO, AND READ MILITARY COMMUNICATION HISTORY, FROM THE COMMANDERS, ALSO CHECK MY STYLE FB POST FOR 9
ok we get it. you like caps lock. no need to yell.
IAM NOT YELLING, I SAID DO YOUR RESEARCH
Actually, there's a report that says the GOP is the greatest threat to survival on Earth.
settle down, Nancy
You are truly uneducated
N. Korea, Sir.?
educate yourself. http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/iran-endorses-nuclear-emp-attack-on-united-states/article/2561733 ….   Or not...and be unprepared
Always 2A.!
....but 2A isn't going to be enuff.PEople need a plan for surviving an EMP because it IS a serious potential threat
I disagree, there is no greater threat to the US then losing the liberties of choice. "Give me liberty or give me death"
Big threat for sure but not as much as the threat of the USA running out of clean water and ruining our environment with soil erosion.
soil erosion? C'mon man
Do you need pictures? How about video? I retired from the agency formerly known as the Soil Conservation Service.
I don't care what cush govt job you had. Don't care if you were EPA director. The idea that soil erosion is our biggest threat is laughable.
How about a whacked out President, and a party in power oblivious to his creepy criminality and unbalanced frame of mind. Rome is burning!!
No our greatest threat is our incompetent @POTUS and the lackey GOP party that will do anything he wants.
Iran hasn't invaded our democracy like #Russia has. That's an act of war & you support the #Traitors in the WH who let them in! @POTUS
lol @ "invaded our democracy". What in the world are you talking about?
Repeal of Obamacare will kill millions, same a nuclear bomb!! Read CBO report https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52939 … … If repealed, NONE of you re-elected
You're wacked out of your ever loving gourd. You people will truly believe anything. It's almost entertaining to behold
And your foolish enough to believe anything Trump or anyone in your greedy party has to say without learning any truth.
Wasn't it just great when Obama sent pallets of our hard earned cash to Iran?
(sigh). It wasn't our hard earned cash. It was Iranian $$, frozen assets
Russia, Russia, Russia!!!!!!
why? stop with the "Putin is the boogeyman" nonsense
Lying Ted, you must be our second greater threat
Good thing President @POTUS44 negotiated a plan to stop them that was just certified by the State Department.  Sorry war monger.
#you #are #a #joke
The threat from inside our government is much greater than any we face from outside!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  DTS
Loony toons think Trump is a threat but illegal aliens, Islamic supremacists with nuclear weapons not so much. Grow a brain.
What about #TrumpRussia? Last time I checked, Russia was an adversary with 7300 nuclear warheads. #gonein2018
Get a grip. They're just like us and they don't want globalism either
Other than a president who's a traitor. But whatever.
s buffoon, sure - but he's no more a traitor than the rest of the DC clown crew
Thinking Dems/MSM coup attempt is pretty threatening right now. They are evil, and undermining the American people.
Yep but obama & buddies handed it to these Iranian nutjobs
Meanwhile in Pyongyang Kim Jong Un: "Hold my beer."
That's why I'm glad they're abiding by all the provisions of the nuclear deal.
Your so-called president is the gravest threat to the US and world. How can you continue to stand by such a traitor?!?! #outin18 #Resist
I don't know Ted. Religion has killed an awful lot of people. Poor healthcare access too. Global warming and pollution is killing 1000s/day.
Yup, I think the greatest threat is the current administration
nope. We need to leave Iran alone. They've either been our puppet or punching bag for 60years. Enough.
The mainstream media is a close second.
One of the greatest threats on the face of the earth to America is you the Spawn of Satan and Trump Putins Puppet & GOP
Wow, you scare easily.
Trump is the greatest threat on the face of the earth to the US. And the Earth.
With all due respect Sir, the greatest threats to the U.S. have always been the Leftists and their cronies. God will handle Iran.
The Republican Congress and its president  appear a much more imminent danger to this country.
#NeverRepeal #RESISTANCE
You have a larger nuclear threat with North Korea than Iran.  Iran is following the terms associated with nuclear development.  JK
Let me fix this for you: There's no greater threat on the face of the earth than the current POTUS @realDonaldTrump
And your freedom #tedcruzistheZodiacKiller
Hats off to you being a patriot and being willing to compromise.
Civil Asset seizure is 1a, Husseincare 1b, H1 visas 1c, Illegals 1d, National debt 1e, Congress 1f, Muslims 1g, VA 1h, IRS 1i, EPA 1j.......
This surprises me a bit. Till now I believed North Korea is the biggest threat.
Gross exaggeration.
VOTE NO Trump 6th Circuit Nominee John Bush-Anti Equal Rights
Senator Brown speaks out against Nominee John Bush
I would think the madman in N Korea poses the greatest threat to the US.  They have developed ICBM's.  Iran is IN COMPLIANCE w/agreement.
Vote No Trump 6th Circuit Nominee John Bush

Liberal group: Trump 6th Circuit nominee 'incredibly troubling'

http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/332979-liberal-group-trump-6th-circuit-nominee-incredibly-troubling …
Nuclear Russia perchance?
Rafael, do you really know anything?  I do know you are just a shrill for your he donor class.
How about Trump and Russia?  I guess that ok with you.
A congress which doesn't stand up to a president who is cozying up to the Russians is dangerous. Co-equal branch, sir!
I am thinking putting my healthcare in the hands of @GOP and @realDonaldTrump is a much bigger threat. #TrumpsDeathPanel #RepairNotRepealACA
Yeah right Iran has a GDP much lower then the US military budget, no navy or Air Force , US has thousands of nukes, Iran is 0 threat
Human race may not survive climate change. Most would survive a localized nuclear attack.
save the polar bears! LOL!
Isn't it a bit late after Obama's sell out of "his" country Isn't Iran already a nuclear threat. Doing "deals with the devil" is Obama's.
As one of your constituents, I strongly disagree.
As someone within the gov, don't you think he has more information than you do?  Foolish to not prepare for an EMP.
BS. North Korea is a much bigger threat. However, Trump colluding with the Russians is an even bigger threat. Get your priorities in order!!
@realDonaldTrump and the GOPs like you are the greatest threat to US democracy
Rock on.

The lying Trumps, Putin's machination and the horrible policies of the GOP are more realistic and more imminent
Your new nickname is the Cuban Missile Crier
Nuclear North Korea, bro.
Mr Senator my party is the greatest threat to the US right now. You talk out the side of your mouth and do nothing. No obama repeal
No tax reform no nothing. We all know you all prayed for Hilary so all you had to was whine and reject everything she wanted. Too bad
A lot of folks would argue that GOP senators are far more dangerous to our health than Iran, Rafael.
There is no greater threat to America than a non-fictional government of criminals taking bribes from lawyers vs. fixing healthcare!
Ignorance of the USA citizens? Every1 blames the government/officials but it falls in the laps of the voters themselves. Take responsibility
If you can't beat them, distract them?
That's rich because you said the same thing about Obamacare!
Nope. It's Trump and the fact that Putin has him by the short hairs.
So is this what Donald instructed you to let us know today. And what is the message he is given you for tomorrow, Donnie's little puppet.
Lying Ted ! Iran has no nuclear facilities you bullshit artist
Tear up the agreement.
Other then a do nothing congress
A very close second is the Far Left who do best to destroy US #MAGA @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @marklevinshow @RandPaul @AnnCoulter @CR
Can you be any more ridiculous? We're now going to rank threats? Next week, will PRNK will rise to the challenge? Nice fear mongering, Ted.
Excuse me! TRUMP 
It's people like you who will be caught unprepared in the face of an EMP strike! http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/iran-endorses-nuclear-emp-attack-on-united-states/article/2561733 … Educate yourself
Iran, North Korea are equal in my mind.

You and your ilk would be an exponentially greater risk to mankind than any threat.
(2) Uranium ..and hit that reset button...sick of the hypocritical Dimwits
I think you're a pretty big threat to this country
How about a US president that is being blackmailed by the Russians?
No… I’m thinking a Cruz presidency might be worse.
Not to hear the Democrats talk...they believe Russia is our worst threat...too bad they didn't feel that way when Obama/HRC gave Russia..
Avtually it's a tie between the Rethuglican party and the treasonist orange Putin puppet!!!
I can think of a couple things higher on the list, Teddy
Other than the United States government itself.
should clarify this as an external threat to the US. Whereas internally take a number who is trying to dissolve the USA
The greatest threat is its own Sheeple & politicians & Muslims & cats
I think the NK and most Americans have a different opinion
People like yourself who don't realize Cruz has information that public does not, are pretty darn ignorant.
You must mean outside of Washington DC
Thanks Obama. Bring theat traitor in for justice.
Must reverse agreement
I think you meant to say the stupidity of Thump and the cowardly @GOP!  Piss off Cruz!
I think you should read "The Lorax" next time.
The biggest threat on the face of the earth to the #US is the weak anemic (YOU) @GOP & @realDonaldTrump & Kushner's collision with Russia!
That's why the Iran deal is so important to continue
Mmm. I don't believe you.
....and when an EMP strike occurs, we'll see how absurd his statement is then. You will be one of the first to perish as U won't be prepared
Or ur own party not doing what they promised to do...
How much did you get for this tweet? Or is it just a distraction? U are a bigger threat to humanity.
I'm waiting to see people saying 4 more years of Trump would be worse or something like that...It's going to be said.
No I think Russia might be a notch above Iran but you would never know it these days!
Educate yourself.  Iranians wakes up every day chanting "death to America"  and have a plan to hit the US w EMP.
Educate yourself! There's people in the jungle with rocks and stones that say death to America! Russia has the greatest capability! 1/2
You are the one not reading!Or thinking. http://www.nationalreview.com/article/431206/iran-north-korea-nuclear-threats-are-very-real …
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/iran-endorses-nuclear-emp-attack-on-united-states/article/2561733 …, https://afspot.net/forum/topic/643792-could-emp-be-the-incentive-behind-iran-and-nk-nukeicbm-tests/ …, http://modernsurvivalblog.com/terrorism-war/irans-dry-run-for-a-nuclear-emp-attack-on-east-coast/ …,
Fake News Ted (FNT) is clueless
Or shall I say Fake News Rafael Eduardo

