Please start working together in the senate so disappointed with u all. Start working with dems and for "us"
"REPUBLICANS" - REPEAL OBAMACARE - ALL OF IT - AS PROMISED!!   

REPUBLICANS HAVE the power and FAIL TO DELIVER! 

IT WAS ALL LIES
Oh great. Now you're going on Fox? And people in Texas do think a/b Russia. Guess you're a Trump puppet now. What's wrong w/you.? Resign.
Ted Cruz
talks to Fox news
but he'll be singin' the blues
when it's HIS turn to lose

We don't want him either
Ted Ted Ted..........
I wouldn't watch Fox news if they paid me, like they're paying you.To lie to America for money. Get a grip Ted, retire now! Canada's right!
Sorry Ted, Fox News and shill Hannity was crossed off of my list during the primaries!
Thank you for putting #AmericaFirst ! 

I am impressed with your healthcare! Praying for your success ! @realDonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump  
Only idiots would tune in to FAKE FOX News and listen to fake Hannity.
#betofortexas
Allows Trump to disgrace his wife
Allows Trump to disgrace his Father
Bows like a servile puppy dog to serve Trump 
#TrumpsPuppet
I am a Texan, I expect u 2 voice the real concern we have with Trump & Russia. You lie when you say most Texans don't care about this.
Bottom feeder.
Sen, I watched one of your town hall meetings, # Why is a 101 year old on Obamacare,?  Not true! No facts
Please repeal Obamacare totally. Let the insurance companies write policies across the states. Give them guide lines to follow.

Come on Ted - really like u but the game is on tonight!
Hang in there. Thanks
How about joining MSNBC or CNN and talking to someone else?
Lyin' Ted
Why don't you appear on a REAL NEWS show?  Afraid you'd have to answer an actually challenging question?
Keep up the great work Senator Cruz!
Busy..sorting my sock drawer.
Great!  You've been spending alot of time on the Health Bill.  Thankyou!
Sorry won't watch Hannity. Been almost year he is left of a lot of conservatives do well Ted
Damm sorry I'll miss ur dog ass. Have to herd the cats 
TWO ROTTEN PEAS IN THE SAME POD!  ASK SEAN WHAT IT IS ABOUT rasPUTIN THAT HE LOVES SO MUCH?
Sorry dude but i got a colonoscopy to go 2 tonite. Dont want to miss that so i'll pass
NO.
DO YOUR JOB!
Definitely watching
An Obama & HRC bash session, no doubt.  Deflect the from your mutual führer.
Did anyone ever tell you that you look a LOT like alcoholic Sen. Joe McCarthy? Because YOU really do. AND you are just as batshit crazy.
Sure. I always watch Repubic Propaganda Teddy.
Like the stands you take sir, continue to fight for the American working men and women and stand for Christ!!
Cruz go the hell away you have no substance whatsoever
Better than fake news; Clinton News Network !
Two empty suits at Men's Warehouse would have a better dialogue. Also less oily.
Always proud to see our senator making the case for the American people!
You are standing with Russia. You are a #Traitor and we will see you hang.
Hope you will discuss your support for investigation into #TrumpRussia. Americans deserve answers. We also deserve better than Trump Admin
Actually, Sen. Cruz, the American people do care about Russia and it's cyber attack on us. Don't know who you are talking to.
Yes. But don't do 2016 convention dumb acts if you want my vote in 2024.
Sir-If this was about HC-u'd be on your knees Thanking God for the Smoking Gun- Sir UR such a phony-#GoldStarDad https://www.wsj.com/articles/donald-trump-jr-releases-emails-on-setting-up-meeting-with-russian-lawyer-1499786937 …
Glad he defeated you, albeit with vicious lies about your father, but you would have been worse than the most repugnant Don Sr.
No thanks...listening to you and Hannity spew propaganda and lies is only for the Trump minority base.
Your interview with @MSNBC regarding Trump Jr. was very appalling and shameful. @realDonaldTrump mocked u , ur wife, and dad. #surrender !
You have deserted @GOP and voters instead of of standing up to Trump and Russia. Work on a real health care policy. Country over party.
Sir, it seems that you are overlooking  that KUSHNER has continued to Lie- Much like the @VP -I guess ur head is too far up your butt to see
So says the guy that was WRONG on Ebola-Iran Deal-Benghazi- HC Server- Sir you really never get it right do you? #GoldStarDad
"Cruz must not understand the concept of insurance: spreading risk over a large coverage pool to reduce costs." Get it?
Do your job......you right now are COMPLICIT in all of these CRIMES! You WILL go down with the TRUMPS!
Cruz is "A Okay" will the Trump team colluding with the Russians.

Why?

Because We Won!!

Party  Over  Country
Jr. was informed in an email....material was part of a Russian  government effort to aid his father’s candidacy,
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/10/us/politics/donald-trump-jr-russia-email-candidacy.html?smid=tw-share …
UNTIL THIS REPUBLICAN PARTY GOES DOWN WE WILL CONTINUE TO BE THE FOOLS OF THE MODERN WORLD! U VIEWS R SO STALE AND 1960'S.
You say we should stand behind our president then HE shouldn't degrade our intelligence & cowtow to Putin #ignorant @OccupyDemocrats @GOP
Zero confidence in u, lying Ted.
No thanks. All we'll hear are loads of nonsense. Cruz trying to look presidential.
lololol.

Thanks, but I prefer my brain cells to remain living.
Nope
Watch Sean anytime, Ted never again. His display is only to get his face out there. Another do nothing senator.
Not a chance!
The treason show.
Ted respects America and democracy and thus supports @POTUS .....
Future President.
It is always great to hear what you have to say!
 and listen to your lies?????
Agree wknds only off until. HC is passed.
Why go on his show?! He was so rude & condescending to you during the primaries! Haven't watched his show since.
Bc cruz has zero principles or  of USA. Only thing he has is  of self. To ignore a traitorous WH will doom him to dustpan of history
It's time we stole a Democratic slogan "Ask not what your country can do for you..."
Trying to pitch your healthcare suggestions? Texas deserves better.
like NEVER!!!
@tedcruz Make sure to take a shower after you are done.
It is unacceptable that Republican's have had 7 yrs to work up a plan to totally repeal OCare and replace it with plans to lower premiums
I saw it.  Great job as always Ted!
I want Ted Cruz to get behind and support President Trump
You were great. Made sense as usual.
And we hope all you @GOP senators can pass Healthcare!!!!!!!!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=888196111329503&id=407279909421128 …
Nah, I'll pass.
Get moving on healthcare!
I'd have been very happy with you as president, Senator. If you ever decide to run again, you'll have my vote. #DrainTheSwamp
You want to talk about what happened to your spine , since you can't stand up to Trump. You chose party over country
Not interested in Fox News!
Ted, you should change your profile picture, it looks too much like @TheDemocrats
Sean tells it like it is. We expect Republicans to support our Pres. Trump told you what we want. Do your job & stop taking vacations
As a Texan, I've lost all respect I ever had for you once endorsed & bowed to Trump. Sorry, but I can't vote for you as my Senator again.
I'm a Texan too.  We have your back @SenTedCruz . NeverTrumpers should be treated just like Democrats, because that is team they are on.
I'm on the side of liberty, freedom & honor. Principles @SenTedCruz used to have. Now he'd rather bow than stand for truth & what's right.
No recess/vaca till We The People get relief on health ins,  taxes! I have to work OT to pay for ins/taxes! They costs more than living exp!
Heard you, let's get it done Compromise amend later? Get rid of mandate/taxes and get tax reform done! 18 is coming, don't lose majority
@SenTedCruz @FoxNews  Repeal the Deal This must be Done First We need Free Market Without Big Gov't Involvement...Please & Thank you
How brave of you to go take hard questions
Now there's a big load of BS...
Yeeeuck.
@tempteststorm2 keep working 2 get things done. No August vacation till something is passed . We the forgotten expect you 2 help Pres Trump
Wild horses couldn't make me watch that.
Go make a few more accounts your insignificant so far!
Remember what Trump said about yr wife? Now's your chance. He's not fit. #ImpeachTrump
No thanks
Perfect pairing. Sean the Liar Hannity and Lyin' Ted Cruz (aka Mr. Haney) . I am sure you 2 made up a whole heaping helping of faux facts.
Well spoken. Thank you, Sen Cruz!
We tried to join your town hall in McKinney and told we can't get in! Although the halls were empty.So will pass on your fake interview also
Two #Liars #FoxNewsIsFakeNews

Ah well, I don't watch false news. Lying Ted is going there to lie.
You are untrustworthy, part of the problem, not fit to serve Texans! @BetoORourke for Senate! #BetOnBeto
THERE IS LITERALLY AN EMAIL WHERE RUSSIA OFFERS TO COLLUDE WITH THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND TRUMP JR SAYS ABSOLUTELY, LETS SET UP A MEETING !

GOP needs to ask health carriers what they are doing to fix premiums vs raising them or bailing out?
BREAKING: @SenTedCruz identifies second "knob of battle", immediately after pointing to himself. @seanhannity @FoxNews

I'll tune in if you promise to have a gun cleaning accident live

Solid tonight on  @seanhannity .
Your not the beached Whale Gov are you?
The #Trolls are out in #FullForce against you tonight! SO SICK of hearing the #SnowFlakeTears abt @POTUS #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Why the hell would you legitimize this joke of a human with your presence? You are ruining your brand associating with him.
I'll tune in, but better hear y'all r doing what you PROMISED for years and REPEAL!
Thanks , I am beginning to like you , you are a great gentleman and love our country 
Anything for a laugh!

This #veteran and Gold Star widow went to @SenCoryGardner's office to to plead that he vote no on #Trumpcare 
Two incredible dicks, lying to each other & the American people. What's not to watch? #goaway
hannity has become a lowlife populist trump humper.  Sad.
Oh hell no

I can't wait until @BetoORourke is our senator and will have our interest at heart, not special interest.

When hell freezes over, #fakenews #staterunnews #gobacktocanada
Gosh, I don't think so Ted!  I have to wash my hair!
When hell freezes over 
#FakeNews #FakeSenator #CanCruz18 #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #NoCredibility
No. Have you listened to that guy? #barmy
We're called Racist, Homophobic, islamophobic! We've given you everything!! We gave you the WH, House & Senate!
DO YOUR JOB! REPEAL ACA!
Why would we watch 2 dickheads lying on tv?
I like both of the items you want in the Senate bill. I understand that you said the first on is in, will the 2nd one make it?
Thanks, but no thanks!
We are watching you! Better get busy defending our President and his agenda!  Maybe 2024 President?
Like 2 turds floating in a toilet
For the love of God!Do you care what we've sacrificed? We're being crucified by the Dems and the MSM! 
DO YOUR JOB!

REPEAL ACA!
NO EXCUSES!
Please repeal ACA. I haven't afforded insurance since ACA. $2400 a month for me and my husband is NOT affordable. PLEASE??
You'll be paying the same or MORE for an inferior policy with this new bill they are pushing!
I think that there is a live dumpster fire on channel nine at the same time, and my TiVo is broke.... sorry!
I did and hope the rest of Senate follows your lead! #repeal
You might as well start practicing for your next pundit gig...you're no American Patriot...cash your Chinese biz checks and move on..please!
If you started doing something to get rid of the Treasonous Trumps & stop trying to kill ppl with Trumpcare I would. You're not so I won't.
I am an ins. agent and can no longer pay for insurance.  Went from paying under 150.00 to about 600.00 can't remember exact but...
R
E
P
E
A
L

ABSOLUTELY NO EXCUSES OF ANY KIND!
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL

OR BE REPLACED!!!
We need a President in 2024 who will be transparent like President Trump. You so pidss me off with your BS
Thanks for not giving up on the health bill. Since Mitch can't get the job done, he needs to step down. You would be good in that job.
I'd watch you, Senator - but not that trump apologist hannity.
Caleb has Mastocytosis without preexisting & lifetime caps protections of ACA, he will loose coverage. Your freedom amendment will kill him.
I JUST HEARD WHAT YOU SAID ON HANNITY.....

IF YOU DO NOT REPEAL ACA, AFTER WE THE PEOPLE GAVE YOU EVERYTHING AND WE WILL REPLACE YOU!!!!!!!
Hahahahahaha!
I don't believe a word you say and I will not vote for you when you ruin again.
You're spot on. Get others 2 work as u & #45. Stop recess, u work 4 we the people, work as 90% average Americans do thanks
Pre-dick-table.
Oh god
WE are watching. Let's get it done and stand up to dems with our own narrative!
Repeal #Obamacare now!
No. Why waste your time. The guys got his head so far inside Trump...
I'll tune in.  To HBO
Sorry working on cyber security with Putty.
I'd rather slam my you-know-what in a car door
Nah
