UH!!!! Because not telling a nuclear superpower and coming into conflict with them could end all life on the planet!
and of course you have proof of this right?
Thank you Senator Cruz!
Senator Cruz is a very elequent speaker and he's got a good head on his shoulders. He's been very helpful with Trumps adgenda.
Smartest thing I have read on Syria in days.
I support president Trump 100%. Cruz you are a globalist and we know your game... Traitor..
but they already have fallen into their hands they have used them in Iraq just recently
The Constitution requires that only Congress can declare a strike (war) on another country. What happened there?
@peddoc63 @TheAngelAlexis @Olowosam
you ought to be ashamed of yourself.
Holy shit, can you not say anything without blaming Obama!? Move the f on an govern today, in the now!
Too funny since B.O. blamed Bush for everything for eight solid years! You're right though, that doesn't matter! Back to the Constitution!
So that makes it right? It wasn't right when Obama did it either.
Depends on if it really was the "red line's" fault. However, all I said was that it was funny, no liberal moaning when B.O. was POTUS.
I bet we told the Russians: do not fly.
And thanks to this U.S. "diplomacy" we had zero interference (or escalation). Bravo.
#US_Constitution requires Congressional agreement before act of war on another nation. Lives of our sons at risk. Demand end goal plan.
no, we bombed air bases used to protect children and Christians from Isis savages. they make chemicals underground.
lying or don't know what he's talking about. so where's the proof Assad gassed his ppl an that sarin was used? http://www.globalresearch.ca/jumping-to-conclusions-something-is-not-adding-up-in-idlib-chemical-weapons-attack/5583500 …
Still hedging your bets politically, huh?
Cruz, you know better than that.
So, it's OK for 45 but not 44? Kill Syrians to protect Syrians, but won't protect Syrians by allowing refugees? You're incoherent.
Thank you Senator Cruz!
Get on board Ted your not the engineer!
First, Congress must authorize war actions.  #Constitition
They left the chemical weapons Depot in place. At least Fox news reported it.
Even though chemical weapons are immoral when deployed against enemy soldiers embedded among civilians, why is unilateral action justified?
Any idea why the Russians were informed of this before the Americans?
Hypocrite!  You voted against Obama using force in Syria so you don't get to blame him now. #LyingTed
meme discours que collin Powell avant l attaque usa contre l irak resultat isis al khaida maintenant defendus par usa le cauchemar revient
No Declaration of War from Congress, international laws broken. Impeach Drumpf NOW!
I'm surprised and gratified that you request a case to be made instead of going gung-ho warmonger. What's yr stance on reopening 2 refugees?
US should take out Assad like we did Bin Laden
Cool, Russia is now bolstering Assad's air defense system...What now cowboy??? Play war games w me please!
you really believe that Bashar did that , if so , I can say you are a Liar
You lost ted. Quit trying to force Trump into submission.
#youlie Why did you vote against it when President Obama asked to take action in Syria? 
#gop #dnc #POTUS
Don't trust TrusTed to Lie @senTedCruz Too many Veterans died waiting to get medical help or see a doctor under his watch.
You are a hypocritical partisan monster! You voted "No" to taking action against Assad during Obama admin!
2013 attack was more heinous, yet you position then was 180 degrees from this. Have some town halls in Texas to explain, Oath Breaker.
War is coming.. it's about damn time we clean up the mess the US has made.. Iran next.
We get it, Ted.  You hate Obama.  Go away.  #TheResistance #Trumprussia #TrumpTaxReturns
"Assad’s actions, however deplorable, are not a direct threat to U.S. national security." - Ted Cruz in 2013
Agreed. But a 1 time strike is in @potus authority so lets give him a chance. I am still anger about his attacks on conservatives on H'care!
We Do Not Want War W Syria! False Flag! Stop getting involved in foreign wars!Tired of our young  people getting killed & maimed 4 elite!
Agreed! The last paragraph especially!
In UN there are dozens of well-documented cases of terrorists using them in the past years. But if you're just targeting dummies with that..
Hypocrisy -  look it up.
the masks have been removed, you don't care about The Constitution either.
Yes. @POTUS should make case to Congress. And Congress should be in session and demand he do so.
I'm scared that we will go to war with Russia.
Can #Congress do it without #leaks and bickering?
He doesn't have to explain to anybody.
I'll leave this here for you... Ted's very own words on Obama facing the same issue, back in 2013.
Cruz stop bashing Obama it's seen as weakening our country.  I haven't supported Trump, but fully support the strike on Syria.
Then maybe you should have voted on this like President Obama asked you to
"I do not believe a limited airstrike, as proposed by the president, will lead to success or improve conditions in Syria." - @tedcruz 9/9/13
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/ted-cruz-why-ill-vote-no-on-syria-strike/2013/09/09/34750cde-1972-11e3-a628-7e6dde8f889d_story.html?utm_term=.70920498e08f … Per your op ed article on the issue.
"President Obama was right to seek Congress’s authorization to use military force against Syria." - @tedcruz via Op-ed in @washingtonpost
You'd never do this to us, right - @BetoORourke?
Obama asked for congressional authorization... didn't get it.  Congress wouldn't even vote on it .

Uncomfortable bit of history
Sometimes Liberty is uncomfortable. But Constitutional Originalism is still the best way to keep presidents from becoming Kings.
what a detestable windbag...
you've come a long way,Cruz, since the non-endorsement at republican convention. Just sayin'
If I understood correctly, civilians were killed in the attacks. So we tried to stop Assad from murdering civilians by murdering civilians?
The Russian investigation isn't going away. 
Ha -- on the blame Obama bandwagon too, eh? You guys are pitiful.
Are u obama's cock holster?? Get over it
fake conservative
