Tea party was funded by Koch brothers (how we got @SenTedCruz) everyone knows that, not grass roots movement like #TheResistance.
what the hell is the resistance?
Prosecute, prosecute, prosecute!
so what?
@GOPHouse held show hearings- same type of performance that gave us the fake Obamacare repeal votes- All talk-no consequences
Have you located any documents relating to town halls?
can I wait two years to pay my taxes?
IRS completely corrupted by despicable obama admin.  Obama is a traitor
so what? you guys want to inflame the public a lot more than you want to do anything about it.
@NMyellowball @FreeBeacon amazing, but not surprising! Clean the swamp!
Corrupt IRS that hasn't just opted to take the $5k fine and release @realDonaldTrump returns? Plz. The book deal is worth more.
- let me put on my shocked face!
so the targeting continued without thorough investigation under Obama.
thank you for your diligence in exposing corruption; pray for you regularly.
won't need healthcare if you don't insist on special prosecutor to look into Russian influence.Dont Forget!
So I gess you got a lesson in deflecting at your dinner with Donald. Shameful.  After how he disparaged your wife and family...
you took them to dinner with this man.  What happened to your backbone Ted?
@realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine  @seanhannity @JoeTalkShow @TuckerCarlson @oreillyfactor
 Obama cronies hid it
You mean like 45 hides his taxes and Russian ties
Trump doesn't have Russian ties like Hitlery does.  If the IRS wasn't auditing Trump, then maybe. He isn't under any obligation
Dream your silly dream. NOTHING FOUND skippy
@jstines3 Eliminate the IRS . More corruption in Washington still going on .
. Time to get over it Teddy put it to Bedie . Screw u an that dam tea party bunch of hasbeens.
How about Trump's taxes? Fetch em lyin Ted. #Trumputin #TrumpDontCare
@peddoc63 never to late to lock up Lois Lerner she should not get away with these un-American practices she's committed a felony
What about Koskinen?
if Democrats are so concerned about Injustice, they will head up the move to incarcerate Lois Lerner
What about due process slick
Can we PLEASE audit Lois G. Lerner every year, for the rest of her life?
what do you hope to find in his tax return? It's just income vs expenses for one year.
Your arm chair CPA fails you
Go get 'em, Senator. This is why we hired you. Tear 'em a new one!
And I mean take them down! It's time! Show America what has really been happening! You two can! You went almost 2 days on O. Car
I hope that you and Trump can make America great again! There's a lot of work for you! Trump knows the Swamp! Just taking 
Rafael, what documents, of what significance, what direction do they take and how direct?  Pure sleaze.
Imagine that, everyone knew it was going on, but No one ever stood up to 0bama or held him accountable.
Time to prosecute.
Look over there! Shiny!  Squirrel! #LoseCruz2018 #LastTerm
no statue of limitations, she gave up her 5 the amendment rights when she had opening statement. Lois Learner jail!
jail for Lerner, otherwise any politician at irs can target political opponents.
The swamp runs deep.
yet my 1 penny rounding error is caught in a day .. what's the deal?
Just when it matters!!!!
Did they find 45's taxes too?
prosecute to the fullest extent. Hold them accountable for Un-American Acts to suppress the opposition
do you do anything useful aside from run off at the mouth?
So Lerner keeps a pension We the people pay for?
If responsible people still working at IRS they need to be fired or prosecuted. It is Republicans ball game now.
. We're the docs hid from the People?  Did IRS help to delay?  Looks like grounds on a personal note, Must file.
@peddoc.Where OH, HO where were these 'documents' found?' When OH,HO when were these 'documents' found? Hocus-pocus/pocus-hocus?
A prime example of the Obama administration weaponizing the IRS to target conservatives.
@peddoc63 Creen realmente que Obama fue ingenuo y no espió a Trump? "no se lo cree ni el que asó la manteca"
We trust you,Sen Cruz, to get to the bottom of this. Preserve our Constitution!  Thank you
That's the old 'never-say-die' spirit!... come on DOJ, don't let the IRS set the doc discovery pace.
hideous violation of democracy that Obama admin used government as weapon of repression / persecution of different ideologies 
How long is it going to take for us to get hold of DJT's tax returns to prove or disprove his ties to Russia?
#townhallTEDCRUZ... if you aren't a coward.
Imagine that!
I hope we get to the bottom of #trumprussia quicker! #lockhimup
no facts have come forward yet. It's still all Allusions from sore losers
you ask me they didn't do a very good job.. we still have to deal with you.
thank God for that.
Tea Party crying about not getting on Govt teat. Fuck them
The tea party people are the ones paying the bills.
concentrate on healthcare and not increasing the deficit!
@dfasciana7 @FreeBeacon Took change of leadership to get them.  This proves the abuse of power of the past administration
Your arm chair JD failed you
And how much in benefits will we pay Koskinen, Clinton, Holder, Lynch, Lerner, and, of course, Obama! (Sure there are more!)
what a load pf crap!  and take a look at the messenger.  completely biased lying ted.
It's not the IRS' fault that there were more conservative political organizations trying to break the law.
They targeted based on keywords that might indicate it was a political group seeking tax exemption.  Sneaky cons had more groups
Surprised? I think it should take 2 years to send them their employment checks.
Amazed these docs still exist. It was the dems who said Nixon was stupid for not destroying evidence.
some one shoulda went to prison for this over-reach by IRS!  Someone ordered it you know!
Still have to prove discrimination which is based on percentages not absolute numbers.

@SenTedCruz
More Obama intrusion into our lives. Glad we canned him.
I call bullshit. It's any and all records” related to the selection of both individuals and organizations for audits... /1
... based upon applications filed requesting nonprofit tax status.... /2
It's incredible that they were just found  #smh
how about that!!
need some form of #FAIRtax move IRS functions to other department or agency. #TaxReform
imagine that?
Thats mildly convenient.  Totally unquestionable timing.  Find any HRC emails in the box with the IRS docs?
shut it down or this means nothing.
what a difference regime change makes
release the documents
Please focus on something useful. There are a number of topics to choose from.
Is it too late to prosecute these ppl?
Here and now, FBI, CIA, DHS provide evidence of Russian interference in an America election. #ClearAndPresentDanger
Something should be done about it now....criminal investigations.
Amazing! Unbelievable! What is going on in DC?!? All those investigations and not a single arrest! Are you going to do something
Hope they didn't hurt themselves with the speed of their efficiency....
# oh how convenient geez thanks
I don't care unless it amounts to prosecution!  What differecne will it make unless there are consequences?
Just cut that ugly, bloated, intruding bureaucracy down to a constitutional size.
Drain the swamp and make it impossible for the nanny state Federal government to rebuild itself in the future.
@AdrianaCohen16 @FreeBeacon Lol, annnnd Russia
Did they find @realDonaldTrump's "under audit" returns and evidence that your old man killed JFK? Stooge.
Next time you talk to @chucktodd remind him about this - he thinks the IRS scandal was no big deal
Out here in the hustings, reasonable people can only see this as stonewalling by the previous administration. #DTS
-Am really surprised they haven't been shredded of Hillary'ed by now. (Delete, delete deleted)
#Liberals will have a temper tantrum no matter who #Trump picks for #SupremeCourt!. Just go #HardRight and select @tedcruz!
Does that include the tantrum you are having now?
"Not a smidgen of corruption.'
           -Barack Obama
Nooooooo, not a bit.
Gee, color me shocked!
