you don't have the right to tell me what I can and can't do with my body. #WomensMarchOnWashington
Then stop asking the government to be involved in paying for it.
I'm not but I don't need religious views forced upon me. #freedom
Life isn't a religious view. Abortion is life or death. There is no religion involved there.
what have you done to help children in poverty, the abused and neglected in this world?
So you're saying killing poor babies is better than them growing up poor???
Implying an embryo or a fetus counts as a "baby".
.@controv_lib @KatelynACrist Using the term fetus-tiny human/growing baby does not lessen the value of a human life. http://www.ehd.org/movies.php?mov_id=56 …
Where are all those out of control vulgar, vile disgusting protesters? This is what America is, this one, we'll fight for again.
you seem to forget the 2m+ woman who matched last week with no violence and no rioting or looting
screaming about blowing up the White House and the mess those pigs left behind, I wouldn't be to proud of that
madonna was dumb but the March itself was powerful. And try again on the cleanup NPS said it was left clean
Who cleaned it up, I saw the trash left everywhere in every city. By the way, what did it accomplish? The vulgarness
the signs were left in areas designated by the NPS. They actually issued statements on the cooperation they received
We will never agree on anything I can guarantee you that. I am a Christian, life loving, gun toting, wife, mother and
I respect that you are Those things - so why can't you respect that I'm a liberal, atheist, mother who is prochoice
So you'll be saving lots of lives by not stealing our health care, right?
What the Gov't gives, it can take away. If u want to keep any freedom, keep it as far away from Govt as possible
Millions had no access to health care before the ACA. Now they do. GOP wants to take it away. This isn't hard.
Guess what, Brainchild, millions still don't have coverage. And tens of millions more now have worse coverage
Bullshit. Millions were uninsurable, due to "pre-existing" or money. Under GOP, they will lose coverage.
snowflake, they won't lose coverage. The sky isn't falling either. 
All Trump fans have: memes, insults, and the same, tired nicknames. 
We come with facts:
what about the lives of the people on #deathrow? Do u #StandForLife for all or just the lives of fetuses? Your priorities r odd
don't stand for the obvious racist acts of our new president.
but only the lives of unborn fetuses, fuck everyone else who is already born
does your love for life include the lives of refugees fleeing war-torn countries?
where is the media for this. They are so bias !
so nice to see a march for life, and without vagina hats
and no topless hussies with vile names written on their chests and abs.
well its goog to know we still have some decent ladies out there
Babies grow to err, thus, are undeserving of your support. A fetus has no life outside its mother, thus it is deserving.
despite your "cherishing life" we have noticed your silence on the issue of the #MuslimBan. Stand up for religious freedom, plz
You are the epitome of hypocrisy @SenTedCruz @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr "Pro-life” is not taking away health care nor turning away refugees
says republicans stand for life. Oh that and they are going to rip heathcare from millions of poor people  #MarchForLife
Wow! Ignorance is not an excuse. Healthcare REFORM! I can't afford Obamacare! Can you?!?
2/2
@djdun3 or pay a penalty. But ACA allows so many poor to have healthcare its a small price to pay https://www.reference.com/business-finance/obamacare-funded-a7ccd3ce619c56c6# … @SenTedCruz
Skunks are mild-tempered and mostly nocturnal. They will defend themselves only when cornered or attacked.
So many angry racists white people. Disgusting!!!!!
What are you doing to help preserve life in light of the massive damages caused by oil pipelines? #WaterIsLife
if u were pro life, u'd demand that we shelter refugees, & support efforts to provide both education & contraceptives.
what's the alternative?
Thank you for willing to learn from the Master and His Warrior @realDonaldTrump. He will learn from you, you from him, win/win.
And can you do your part to help the senate stand united against these conflicts of interest?
except for this life.... this life not so much! #shameonyou
if you were pro life youd vote to help the poor, refugees, and immigrants. Hard stop. All other actions are counter to humanity
*Please,give us More ParkingLots &More REAL-Medical Doctors,at the"Michael E.DeBakey,V.A.Medical Center,TX*
*Pete,age 71,WarVet*
SOROS is going to have a huge bill to pay.  All his employees R working like crazy. #protesters
Thank you ALL for marching for Pro Life causes.  God bless you all since God loves life.
What about the lives of refugee women & children. I guess those lives don't matter much in a #Trump world. #NoMuslimBan
yes
*Yo Tambien,Senador Cruz! I am "C.I.A."=Cuban-Irish American and 100% Pro-Life*
Pete Perez-Donnelly,age 71,Disabled War-Veteran*
Thank you for supporting #MarchForLife! says this adopted girl.
your birth mother had a choice, and all women should have that choice.
There should not be a choice between life or death.
do you support capital punishment? How about banning refugees? Or allowing guns?  They all cause death
Not all death is murder.
Make sure  @SenTedCruz  knows that once he repeals the ACA, and fucks over Medicaid, he becomes a murderer... he will kill disabled people
*Abortionists(Pro-Death Folks)are Murderers of  Innocent UNborn Human Beings ! 
P.S.I am Disabled too&onMedicare*
*Most M.D.s at the"Michael E.DeBakey,V.A.Medical Center,"in Houston,TX.,doNot have anyManners NorCompassion!
They areRude&Crude!
please, you are not pro-life you are pro-birth. Let's work to ban executions in this country too.
except if that life is a refugee or has ACA for insurance
Remember there is more to life than birth. Support all life.
until the marchers adopt the 400,000 foster and orphaned kids in america,  I will doubt their "pro-life" commitment.
how about the life of a refugee child you hypocrite?
thank you, keep up the fight for the right!
don't these people have jobs?
the best thing that has came out of your mouth for a while!
Against #life when you protect the unborn and ignore the living (minorities, majorities (women and all those who voted against your prez etc
Thank you for supporting life. Please share this video where I discuss the #MarchForLife: http://bit.ly/2kd9oT1 
thank you for your unwavering leadership Senator.
How come you don't picket fertility clinics? They flush more embryos in a day than PP does all year. Psshhhh
except for feeding, educating, housing and giving medical care once you are born.
Amen

you vote to take insurance from millions and say you stand for life?  Liar. And this Texan stands against you fake Christian!
you are absolutely right. Every child, in the womb or outside of it needs to have a voice
so does that mean you oppose the death penalty? Let's be consistent here.
.@SenTedCruz that's gotta be, what, 0.0000001% of the number of women who showed up for #womensmarch?
thas great, unless they need food, housing, or medical insurance,
@michellemalkin I'm for life too but if God wanted GOVT. to force people 2 not sin we would be in heaven now #foxnews #prochoice
no you don't, you marched for fetuses, you and the administration don't give two shits about them once they're born. #RESISTANCE
Except for allowing refugees safe haven in the US.
Except when it comes to providing healthcare, food stamps, head start programs, birth control, or starting wars.
ProLife is beyond the womb and birth.  Counting on your leadership to ensure life of all your residents are protected!
No you don't. Hypocrite.
liar
PRO ABORTION REPUBLICAN.. Stop all healthcare to women and increase abortions both here and in other countries..
Separation of church and state. It's in the constitution. I'm a constituent and I'm watching.
Unless they are people who, if it wasn't for ACA, otherwise wouldn't be eligible for health insurance.
what about your vote to defund maternity care and children's healthcare? Those lives don't matter?
I didn't see anyone wearing women genitalia today. Thank goodness a march that can be taken seriously.
Unless they are Muslim refugees. Unless they are veterans needing mental health care. Unless they are women needing health care.
Do you stand for life by providing free universal healthcare ?
yes we do

Pro-life also means protecting and saving the lives of BIRTHED men, women, and children.
Did anyone notice how different the crowd looked and acted at the "Womens"and "Right to Life" demonstrations.
once you conservatives start caring for the #wholelife of the child you'll just be #antiabortion not #prolife
actually no you don't since you are repealing the ACA. Blood is on your hands you hypocrite.
Are there more than a million women marching?
you mean birth. Stand for birth. Life is what happens as kids grow. Food, shelter, public education. Things you hate.
You want to deny life-saving health insurance for millions. That's not pro-life. You are pro-$$ in your pocket from "christians"


.@SenTedCruz So what happens to all those children that are born unwanted? Who takes care of them? I guess that's not your problem, right?
that's right. We stand united for life! White, Real Christian ™ life.
help the living!!!!
Keep the ACA!
have we ever figured out if your dad helped kill JFK?
Good to see that the anti-science (pro aborts obviously) crowd still has no valid argument.  #StandForLife #ProLife
looks small
Thank you for your support of life, Senator Cruz!

you are probirth, not pro life. You never help any of the children or mothers in your state with care or helping them thrive.
typical GOP love the fetus, hate the child. Love the veteran, hate the needs. Love the poor, hate the poor for being too poor.
thank you for sharing MSM won't be.
so when will you protest against the unnecessary mass killings with guns? You have to be pro life for the entire life.
To clarify:U support microscopic embryos more than adult women? Would U like us controlling men ejaculating or having erections ? #ProChoice
#peaceful people
Senator Cruz you need to bring to the Forefront of the honor killings that are happening in Ohio and Dearborn Michigan please make this stop

@michellemalkin Let your voices be heard ! 
You're pro birth. After they are born you couldn't care less.
What about AFTER birth? Healthcare? Education? FOOD? LGBT rights? Voting rights? Women's rights???
God bless you, Senator.
lying Ted.
proud of our senator
You only stand for life when it's unborn. Admit you don't give a shit about the women who actually bring forth life. #hypocrite
look how nice and peaceful this march is soo different from the hate and vulgarities we heard and saw last week.This is a march
what a beautiful sight, what a beautiful cause..
How is it possible that any sane sentient human being could hold an opposite position?
Except for those who lose healthcare when you repeal ACA. And those your state executes. And any child from the second it's born. Hypocrite.
just not black, poor, immigrant, or refugee life. interestingggggg.
You can't call yourself #ProLife when it's limited to 9 months. You're simply pro-birth.
@DesignerDeb3 It is so peaceful. No looting or rioting or burning other people's shit or throwing rocks.Oh yeah,the Libs do that
as its current owner, what are your plans for @Deadspin ?
IF IT HADN'T BEEN TRUMP, IT WOULD HAVE BEEN YOU. GOD BLESS YOU, AND GOD BLESS AMERICA AGAIN FOR LIFE!
- March peacefully and puleeze pick up your signs after the march :-)
just unborn life right? Cause you obviously don't give a fuck for any other type.
Life should always Win in American. ProLife must include Healthcare, Education, Housing..not simply Birth. #morality
then make health care universal so people can get birth control and not need abortions.
No. you. don't. Your words and actions prove you don't care about people. You are a snake.
@IngrahamAngle @RealBenCarson @OfNineHostages More and more women need to hear the story of Norma McCorvey (Roe)
ya mama shoulda flushed ya ted
until it is born.
Dear Mullah Cruz, you stand with the Taliban, Muslim Brotherhd & ISIS using your religious agenda 2 subordinate & control women.
you mean until birth then you don't give a crap.
@michellemalkin   Yoo-hoo. You make us Texans proud you are representing our state.  God Bless you and America!
No. Spine. At. All.
Yes we do.  The America we love.
Thank you for standing for all lifesaver mine!!!! #conceivedInRape #WorthyOfLife
.@SenTedCruz /No Ted, you stand for forced birth, nothing more!  You are not pro life if you believe in starving children in poverty.
You stand for birth only. There is nothing pro-life about your policies.
Women's rights are = rights!
Says the "man" who vociferously turns away children fleeing actual, real-life "carnage" in Syria, Mexico, Nigeria, Iraq...
Especially appalling to hear from a child of immigrants.
