Wasn't ok to spend money on New York and New Jersey  though was it hypocrit?
thanks ted

Please read. #TexasNeedsToKnow #TrumpAdministration & #GOP removed life saving regulations.
Funny how much you support mooching off of the US taxpayers now that it benefits you personally. Hypocrite. @GOP
Great job very proud of our President.
Unlike you & Sandy relief that you are still lying about. #NoWall #RebuildTexas
Funny how you opposed that for Sandy
A swift kick in the butt for the state politicians?  YES!!!
Of course he did, that's MAGA! We stand with @POTUS and the great people of Texas! 
TED ?? THE MAYOR THAT TOLD HIS PEOPLE NOT TO LISTEN2 THEIR GOVERNOR AND TOLD THEM NOT TO LEAVE IS DOING A GREAT JOB WTF HE SHOULD B ARRESTED
and you Comrade ? "whatever NJ needs the answer is NO" and all your grifting buddies @txlege @All100Senators @TexDemWomen @RepBetoORourke
What about Sandy aid?  You're a Hippocrate creepy ted
Mr No BALLS Ted.. stands up more for Trump than his own wife!
Better schools, access to healthcare, public transportation. Thanks for the offer @POTUS!
BWAHAHAHAHAHA. Oh Teddy, seriously? You BELIEVE him?  You are dumber than I thought
Needs: 2 new Senators. 1 ea new Gov, Lt Gov, AG .
Zodiac killer cares ?
@POTUS  The great thing is that he would say that no matter which state it was! Because he cares deeply for @wethepeople and loves the #USA
That is the funniest thing I've heard all day. Thanks for the laugh.
Trump is a punk. Texas dont beileve in global warming.  Lets see them bootstraps. Cruze like to talk about.
We need him to resign and let pence take over or you Sen Cruz
It's not negativity to point out@SenTedCruz hypocrisy and im here in The area
Hypocrite.
Ted, Trump is nuts. He says yes all the time. He also say bigly, very, so sad, and fake news. Jesus Christ. WAKE UP
I'm all for the help, but isn't it really up to Congress
If there one provider the medical prices wouldn't be able to keep over charging
You have to much faith in our St Gov. Abbott  literally changed the law so plants no longer have to disclose the chemicals they store
That's not the point, a politician who's been bought by corporations isn't looking out for the people. Why should I trust his opinion on HC
Doubt it
Needs: 2 new Senators. 1 ea new Gov, Lt Gov, AG .
You are a hypocrite Cruz. You should cruise your way out of here
#HurricaneSandy  Thanks Ted.
He always plays his audience saying what they want to hear, then flips.
How about continuing the Dreamer Act?
The @POTUS is a good guy. Give him a chance to fix what Obama broke.
We need medicaid expansion.
Please let him know we do not need a wall.
Good when no political shit opposition. Work as one team well done.
You better remember this the next time another state asks for help and you are contemplating on denying funds/help #HurricaneSandy
We don't buy it Lying Ted--you just want your 15 mins to say you did your part--You weren't there for 'Sandy'. Pork was only GOP pork!!!
YOUR A GREAT MAN SENATOR CRUZ TOU WILL MAKE A GREAT PRESIDENT 
I want to thank Ted Cruz for standing up for Donald Trump. Him and governor Abbet have been great about that. The media has not. 

Sarcasm here!!
And you believe Lying Donny?  Come on...we all know who trump is.  He just purged records on sexual abuse. He isn't for anyone but himself
Hey Terrible Ted, I sincerely hope that U will insist upon offsets for any federal aid for Hurricane Harvey in TX just like U did for Sandy!
Ted stop all these TV interviews put your work clothes on if you have any get out in your district serve food , help with clean up .
Well David if you were a real man you'd be out helping people instead of sitting in your cozy little comfortable chair bitching & tweeting
Can we import sand from Destin FL for our beaches?

I'm proud of senator Cruz! He has handled himself gracefully through turmoil as well as through the trump administration. Not the swamp!
Well, Houston certainly needs #DACA. Can you please tell him that? Thank you!
If we had saved $20 trillion instead of charged it, we could pay for disasters rather than offer low interest loans.
The gas prices are escalating and now in San Antonio we are facing shortages of gas and diesel!!
Remember Sandy? You should be ashamed!
You should be ashamed. Politicizing a Hurricane.
Don't believe him. U should know by now he is a liar....
This is great, but what about the victims of Hurricane Sandy you denied funding for in 2012?
The claim that the Sandy Relief bill of 2012 was “chock full of pork” by @Tedcruz is patently false. A thread… 1/
I heard that President Trump just donated 1,000,000 of his own money, come on Obama, Bush's & Clinton , MATCH THAT AMOUNT & LETS ALL BE ONE.
Just like Sandy
Did you find the time to meet with @realDonaldTrump ?
Let's hope you learn something from this lesson,treat people better than you have in the past for starters and guess what?you don't know all
You said no to La/Katrina aid. So why should anyone help u. Such hypocrite.
He's going to #resign?
We need a clean bill on relief 
NO 
Stop knocking @FLOTUS' stilettos and focus on the real news! Our fellow Americans in Texas need us and @POTUS has offered everything to help

We need DACA.
, what we need is for people to obey our immigration laws
Like you didn't do for the East Coast
Please take this lying sack of shit off the screen.
Im from texas and i was pissed when you played politics with NY & NJ. We need help in texas but you sir are a hypocrite. Bigly
Well, Texas needs to prepare for the reality of even bigger storms. Design and / or zone the infrastructure to handle twice the water.
Liar-in-Chief just like his "probably" $1mil donation. #FakePresident #HurricaneTrump
Cool, we need single payer healthcare, no wall, infrastructure & end afgahn war now. Oh, then he can resign along with you. Can't wait!
Ok. We want a new president.
Doesn't Texas need the prosecution of Hillary?
Why did you have to ask him multiple times?  Did you doubt his answer?
Ted there is still room on theTRUMP BUS it's about time you jump on the bus.He is for real and we love him. HIS back is well cover,is yours?
Need to know this is real. It's a lot of money. Congress will fight this or change it. Texas is the shining star that our nation needs!
Texas needs an impeachment on the POTUS level
Is there a time limit on that? Because after the emergency wouldn't hurt to ask for support for Convention of States or something like that.
A new President?! Oh joy, thank you @SenTedCruz !!!
Don't trust this dude for nothing!
Lyin Ted should hang his head in shame over Sandy.
Is the answer still NO for Sandy??
Yes, it sometimes takes an emergency or tragedy to bring people together. We Americans are strong survivors for sure. God help us all!
tell me y'all are gonna change things to REQUIRE better emergency systems for companies like... ARKEMA?!?!
Great point. Tex GOP fought environmental safeguards for years to help out their oil business donors. At the cost of how many lives?
Pick up a fucking hammer Ted!
Time for Ted Cruz to mend fences with The Donald.
Hey lying Ted 
Will he say yes to this
If we can get JJ Watt to take a picture with you, will you just do your job without all the fanfare?
Gawd! I Can't.
Liars
Liars
Liars

China china china
H
@SenTedCruz, the #TXLege meets every other year. Pls ask @GovAbbott if the recently concluded #1stSpecialSession needs t/b followed by a 2nd
The bill should have ad litem veto and anything vetoed gets sent back to be passed as a separate bill or scrapped. Dems are already going...
...after billions in pork for California. Texas relief should only be about Texas. If Dems insist on making it dirty, repeal gun control...
...block states from imposing any control over firearms and accessories sold across state lines, strip funding for PP and add it to Texas...
@SenTedCruz And after Sandy! Have you no shame, sir? Have you no shame?
You do know the Dems loaded the Sandy Relief bill with pork that had nothing to do with hurricane relief, don't you?  That's why it failed
DONT TRUST THIS ADMINISTRATION!
THEY PLAN TO SHIP FROM CHINA AND
Where the hell were you when Sandy happened dude? Everyone in the USA wants to know what's changed?
A hypocrite like #lyinted isn't going to care to answer that question.
Stop the Schumer pork. You know it's coming!
Texas needs his resignation.
Antifa
That's great! Please say yes to him for help he needs to get us all going in the better direction. God Bless Texas!
Texas yes deserves help but not because Ted says so!
Keep your hate in Florida please. Texas loves #TedCruz
Oh thanks for the reassurance coming from the two biggest liars in history! Remember Ted you could give a crap less when NJ need help!
YOU ARE A GREAT SENATOR SHOWING A LOT OF CONCERN AND HELPING YOUR FELLOW TEXAN IN THEIR TIME OF NEED
sounds like socialism
U r 1 of my senators. Stop the executive branch from doing things like this. It endangers ur constituents
These people need help??
Can we get gas, so we can go to work, so we can help these people
#NoGas #NoGas all over Texas
But when the east coast needed help a couple of years ago you voted no
You do know the Dems loaded the Sandy Relief bill with pork that had nothing to do with hurricane relief, don't you?  That's why it failed
We need him to resign.
It's Congress that holds the purse...remember Sandy?
Texas ranks last in healthcare, will he deliver healthcare like he promised?
I'll take you on your word that you voted no on Katrina Aid because of all the pork attached.Aid for Texas Flood victims in that's it.
What would he say if it were New York or California asking for help?
Get corporate America to pitch in. They are about to get big tax break
What Texans need is for @realDonaldTrump to resign or put a gun in his own lying mouth & then pull the trigger #HurricaneHarveyRelief
I hope Texas gets all the help they need. Having said that you're still a Hurricane Sandie Hypocrite of massive proportions.
Wow, you sure are taking advantage of that airtime.
Are you mad cause Hillary or Bernie will never be POTUS?
U r 1 of my senators. Screw trumps wall.
"Donald Trump is a pathological liar." ~Ted Cruz
#lyinTed
How could he all I've been is him on TV
Hey libs. Trump doing good huh? Right?
No-
Will most of this rebuilding money go to private contractors Ted?
Nope
Please share this
Too bad you shat all over Sandy victims.  It’s really a shame.  You’re shameful.
You are all hat and no cattle.
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/implement-law-prohibits-any-media-source-reporting-leaks-containing-classified-information …
