merrick garland was pretty qualified...
It wasn't about the person, it was the fact that obama already put people in the SC.
Was that obama had already nominated someone who was confirmed by the senate.
AND YET IT NEVER WENT BEFORE CONGRESS TO BLOCK OR NOT... smh @ these libs
Damn must be so bad to be a democrat these days. I can't achieve that level of pettiness if I tried
Hypocrite Rep stolecthis seat and u blame Dems for this. HYPOCRITES. Hate for ObamaBlackAss Will Ruin You.
Gorsuch is the right man for the job, unlike Garland who hates God and constitution.
He's not a Republican your the haters
You r wrong. Constitutional conservatives r lovers, not haters. And we r Patriots, unlike socialist demorats.
No you are wrong Republicans don't care about anything but themselves you are the pathetic haters
Aw  shaadaapp!
thank you gentleman for standing up against the whining democrats with no reason 
FINALLY!! About time republicans stick together. #MAGA 
Great to see the GOP finally decide they're not gonna take it anymore. They're providing Dems a teachable moment by dishing it right back.
Boy, do YOU have a short memory for the last 8 years! GOP held up EVERYTHING and fomented this total partisanship.
I remember those eight years and the previous eight years as well.
hypocrites all...why did Garland not get his hearings/ vote..votes have consequences too...ppl will remember next election
not cry #Resistance.  Dishonest pres. Dishonest GOP
no accounting for taste...most dishonest pres in history..maybe tie w Nixon
Now
That's right "lying Ted"!  At least we stand by that.  You guys are puppets on a string. No guts, no backbone, followers
Use to not care for TC, but I like him now

One step closer to prison for all of you involved in the Russia cover-up. Didn't Trump say your dad worked for Russia on the JFK hit? #Heidi
Cannot wait for the MANY new lower level court appointments! I say make them as hard Conservative as you can find!!!

One step closer to stealing Garland's seat. You should be ashamed.
It's one step closer to Wall Street and corporate controll!!

Thank you FOX for telling us the truth onTV. Pls dont stop.Also fight for our beloved President, who has been magnificent!
Great news!Mr Cruze you also would one day make a great choice for Supreme Court. Thank you for now standing with our GREAT President.
Senator Cruz, thank you for working for the American people!
Circumventing democracy must make him, and the GOP, so proud.
No nuclear option! Play by the rules! And #IndependentCommission now. The truth is in everyone's best interest, right?
@texasfreedom101 @tedcruz 
.@TedCruz: Today is one step closer to Judge #NeilGorsuch being confirmed as the next Associate Justice on the Supreme Court. 
Ted your one of the  few who would go after Obama for treason & obstruction of justice. Go for it. People deserve justice
Go Gorsuch! I pray he gets the position and God's favor upon him. Such baby nonsence by Democrats
Lying Ted lost all credibility with me when he didn't have the courage to stand up to Trump.. why should I listen to anything he has to say?
Dem senators need to do their jobs! They get paid to serve the country, not obstruct it!  SHAME
Isn't Grassley dead yet. My God, retire already, you old f*k and give some new blood a chance.
dear Ted Cruz well put, Neil Gorsuch,I wonderful man, that will bring to America justice &hope, guys let defend America with our teeth ,USA1
#stolenseat GOP giving no hearings to Garland was the same as a filibuster. HYPOCRITS!!!
I understand why a couple dems did not support filibuster due to 2018 elections, but GOP whining intolerable!
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz 
About time. I dont like the dems. Behaving like children. He is our pres. And they should work together 4gd
Great...And Democrats will be even more insignificant than they are now come 2018. Watch Don!
Great news! While we are at it we would like to see you and the other members of the Freedom Caucus work with Trump.
Gorsuch it is the best, to be our judge
Dems oppose Gorsuch for all the wrong reasons! We have heard elections have consequences! Votes also have conseq! Dems voters are watching!
Too close for cruise missiles switching to torpedoes. You know we might have a couple more come up in the next few years.
This reminds me of when President Obama was in office. Oppose and block anything he tried to do. Hmm...?
Ted you have my vote the next time you run.
It's a damn shame republicans attacking democrats for opposing that idiotic #SCOTUS nominee. You idiots could've did the right thing last yr
So many good things are happening for America.
The problem is that Gorsuch is a Republican, it's that he's an ultra right Republican. Put up a moderate Republican & they'll be confirmed
No, the conservatives are one step closer to changing the rules.
Repubs wouldn't even let Garland speak! No to misogynist elitist reactionary white guy Gorsuch. Cowards change rules when they can't win!
Dems forget that Biden & Schumer set this in motion years ago, said Bush cant nominate 18 months before presidency ended
NaNaNaNa..Goodbye 
. Watch out for the dems to sucker punch your hopes.
Well Voldemort has to feed his death eaters
It was a pleasure to hear your remarks today in congress.  You nailed it!!! Carry on.
One Cruz Baby Step. Just like his feeble kill Affordable Care Act activity.
vote Cruz out in 2018
yes the only way you can win is by NUKING lol bunch of losers what goes around will come around
Go TED!! You make a better spokesman than candidate--keep it up!
Love Ted Cruz.
Get it done
Obamas judge.
You are right!  Gorsuch will be the next Associate Justice on the Supreme Court. 
Please use the tools you have to get Judge Gorsuch confirmed.. Go Nuclear!!!!
Merrick Garland! Merrick Garland! Merrick Garland! #StolenElection #StopGorsuch
Time to move on
Well thank you Mr. Obvious! If you can't get him confirmed when you change the rules, you can't do anything!
Should the truck driver have frozen to DEATH! CORPORATIONS OVER INDIVIDUALS WILL COME BACK TO BITE EVERYONE OF U IN THE A$$. Never complain!
U wouldn't know jack squat about being fairhful. How about being fairhful to your FATHER when TRUMP said he was involved in Kennedy's murder
I like Ted Cruz ! He's a fair and honest man !!!
U R one step closer to permanently dividing this country and making us enemies of each other.  How's that feel?  Feel accomplished? Great
There is a really great guy getting ready to run against @tedcruz. Can't wait to get rid of that self serving jerk.
The burden of proof is on Judge Gorsuch to earn the support of 60 Senators. If he can’t, don’t change the rules; change the nominee.
Damn this man is clearly headed toward diabetes.  He looks ill
Ted Cruz, still not a "natural-born citizen," and as Texan as anybody born in Alberta or Manitoba.
We need Cruz as Speaker of the House
Fake and phony
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz no regard for Obama with Merrick garland shame on you all
Ok Mr Haney just remember that your party will not be in power for ever.
Yeah
There is no reason he shouldn't be confirmed this is a decent man a man of the law and constitutional standards I respect him, they should
This is a stolen seat and we should not have allowed this to happen.
Good
after yr stunt w/garland..you deserve to have NO SUPPORT for gorsuch..HE IS NOT A GOOD JUDGE for us in Tx!
If the left thinks Gorsuch is bad wait until the next one. They will be having heart attacks on the Senate floor.
@tedcruz Enjoy it while it lasts....2018 is coming for you.
Yea!!!! Thank you for the truthful information, Ted Cruz! Neil Gorsuch will be a win for America! MAGA
FIRE the criminals in the democrat party for doing their job.
Nuclear option all the time.The dems would use it on all all the time.We want to know when will they Arrest Susan Rice?
arrest for what?
It's on you, sirs, if it goes nuclear!!!! Americans do not want this. Find someone who can get 60 votes. Americans will remember @BenSasse
And we vote you out
Republicans need stop trying to reach across isle an stand for conservatism
Did anyone expect the children in DC to do the business we elected them to do??
You could be next Ted!
He will be confirmed
Vote of no confidence. Trump needs a Justice for his personal agenda
I watched him speak this morning, he said that dems were being threatened by some big money they must always go against their PREZ TRUMP sad
Ted Loves Robert Mercer.. He Wants Alt Right Everything .. Nothing For The Working Poor

Thank U so much Ted Cruz, always a strong supporter of our constitution.
Merrick Garland
@SenTedCruz #No2Ted2018
Well stated!  The democrats could care less about qualifications. The party of obstruction.
i'm all for whatever or whomever best serves America. i'm not one to cover my ears and yell no nO NO!!!  for eight years. good luck USA.
democrats from all over the country, are teaming up to make sure you are removed! and replaced with @BetoORourke @RepBetoORourke
The Democrats defying Gorsush are being big babies and will pay with the loss of their seats in Congress 
While Republicans blocking Garlands nomination in violation of the Constitution are real heroes to you. Right? Sad.
Ted get up off ur knees. Defend ur wife's honor and not Trumps ego!
Didn't this guy's dad kill Kennedy? Just something I heard...
so they say. But to kill someone u can't be a pussy, so if his dad is like him then it must be just a rumor.
Ouch!
Hope not

This father says Neil Gorsuch denied his autistic son the opportunity to get a quality education. #WorldAutismAwarenessDay 
One hopes
I LOVE @LindseyGrahamSC
Standing on his tippy-toes in the background
Merrick Garland
awesome Ted
-Wish @tedcruz wld stop pandering 2cameras/hog spotlight-Obvious want exposure run 4Pres again-But u look arrogant n turn ppl off
Trying to talk common horse sense to a Dem is like a cop trying to talk to a drunk. Why waste your time . . .
It is no wonder Ted Cruz won every debate he participated in, while in college.
Amen on that Mr. Ted Cruz
Nuke him in if you have to#fuckchuckschumer
I hope every Democrat up for reelection loses
Why is it taking so long Cruz? why?
Well said @SenTedCruz
Hey Cruz, aren't you supposed to be working on a bill for term limits?
#VoteOutMcConnell #FilibusterGorsuch
If you vote for this judge I and everyone I convince will vote Democratic in 2018 and 2020
You probably voted for Clinton anyway
LYING TED STILL AT IT GIVE ME A BREAK STUPID 
it's payback they need to stop
Just go Nuclear. Tired of,obstruction. Dems will never come to the table. They are petty and out of touch with the world.
Just another corporate lackey to screw the citizenry.  How much were you paid for your vote Ted?
Washington is rotten Dems and GOP can't rule from the center anymore. This is a disgrace. I feel like I'm living in an emergent nation
Ted I am a trump man but you are smart and classy love you being a GOP ask mcain and graham to join you
Good to see a qualified candidate take this seat 
You stole the Supreme Court appointment that belonged to the Obama administration and now u ask for cooperation?
Change the nominee NOT the rules. Only those who accept a @potus guilty of #treason will let him put someone on the bench
We got mixed up. Is he Lying Ted, Sleepy Eyes Ted or Poop Breath Ted? We know he's not Freckle Face Ted or Leg Braces Ted. #ChildishTeasing
Justice Gorsuch 
Ty senator Cruz, you may now return to the weasel house at the zoo.
Listening to you was like deja vu, dems said the same thing to your party regarding Garland. Those words don't feel ironic for you to say?
Well said
Democrats aren't interested in someone who upholds the law of the land! They revel in lawlessness and chaos!
Reactionary parrot.

Thank You for doing what we the American People expect! Seems like the democrats don't care what we the people want!
34% approval.
Every Democrat in Congress can filibuster until their voices are gone and sleep deprivation is an issue.  Republicans are going "nuclear."
Hey @tedcruz ... help Texas... vote for @BetoORourke @RepBetoORourke !!

Merrick Garland??? #LyinTed
Why not McFarland? What was wrong?
You Fox News have the same credibility as your Donald trump president.
Hey Dems, blame Harry Reid. He opened the can of worms(nuclear option).
Bring on the nukes
Judge Gorsuch doesn't protect honest hard working ppl...he represents big business...They will pull the rug out...just like with ACA. BEware
Fake News
Thank you Mr Cruz that was the most important issue for me in November
Outstanding presentation at the committee meeting
I WOULD HAVE FAITH IN THIS PICK IF #YOU PICKED HIM AS POTUS, BUT THAT #NOT THE CASE, THUS #NeilGorsuch IS JUST A PAWN FOR THIS CON MAN
How about a judge who has served since 1997 getting his due hearing, Rafael?
Go @TedCruz !!
During his committee hearing, Gorsuch was UNANIMOUSLY REVERSED by SCOTUS as to one of his rulings!
The Dems will Filibuster Gorsuch.Is this the first time in History that a judge for Sup CT has been Filibusterd?  History buffs do you know?
Yes
