Nope. Gop is party for the uber wealthy. Transfer of assets is just that. Sale, death, etc., reason doesn't matter. Pay taxes. #gopLIES
No. The death tax is immoral and pointless. Those people paid taxes their whole life. Enough already.
Those receiving new assets have not paid any tax on it. #FAKENEWS
It’s family money.  Why have to pay tax on money that was already taxed.
USA is not an aristocracy. DNA  is not a tax exemption. Johnny is never required to pay tax on Daddy's income. Family taught you excuses.
No one is saying the USA is an aristocracy. Johnny isn’t getting “daddy’s income” via inheritance. Stop making shit up.
Insisting Johnny doesn't have to pay tax cuz the house was Daddy's is the definition of aristocracy. Stop being ignorant.
No. The tax has nothing to do with whether it’s classified as being an aristocracy or not. Look in the mirror when it comes to ignorance.
Not unless you make millions. For the vast majority of American, the estate tax is of no consequence.
This is simply an attempt by @SenTedCruz to misstate facts for political gain.
First $5.5 million of individual income is exempt and first $11 million of married filing jointly is exempt from estate tax.
it forces family ranches and farms from keeping in the family. i know this first hand. it's evil to do this to families.
1. It taxes assets valued at more than $11 million for families.  The first $11 million is exempt from estate tax.
2. If the family farm is worth more than $11 million, only the value over $11 million is taxable, again with first $11 million exempt.
3. If the family farm is worth + $11 million and was not put in corporate entity or trust to avoid estate tax, that’s poor tax planning.
4. I’m also guessing that farms of this size/value which should actually be structured as businesses receive agricultural subsidies/benefits
TY Cruz! My hubs family are farmers, the death tax means they lose their farm. They can NOT afford to pay the tax without selling the land
How valuable is their farm?
The land & estate is valuable enough that they don't have cash sitting around to pay the tax...
How valuable? Since they are a couple needs to be over $10 mil before any taxes are applied.
It is well over 5million, estate not cash, the Gfather passed away the Gma is 99, the children would like to pass it on to the grandchildren
It the people receiving the estate are a couple over 10 million of its worth is exempt.
No it's not
Yes it is. A couple only pays the Federal tax on the value above $10 million. No Federal tax in the first $10 mil.
So you say I shouldn't have to pay gas tax or sales tax with post-income-tax dollars?
The democrats understand that without a progressive estate tax, the wealthy would eventually own the rest of us.
Estate tax and only the rich pay that.
What about the death tax when the federal government takes the homes of people who need Medicaid for long-term care?
The Democrats don’t seem to understand much do they? If it’s not in their playbook the are ignorant of everything. Thank God for @POTUS 
Why are you so worried about dead people's money, but don't care enough about the living to let us see doctors or buy medicine?
No one is stopping you from seeing a doc or buying medicine. Thats a tired old lie.
Daddy paid taxes on it.  But when daughter inherits it she needs to pay taxes on it AS INCOME. When I go to the store why do I have to pay taxes when I was already taxed on the money that I used to buy the goods?
Bravo @SenTedCruz you took down @SenSanders false premises perfectly, with direct factual information & humor. Funniest debate EVER!
This issue right here is the epitome of everything that is wrong with the Republican party. The estate tax affects the wealthiest top 0.2%.
If you're anti wealth you, @SenSanders donate your own wealth, allow others to keep what their families worked for that supported US economy
Death tax is about making sure to strip wealth of people.
Wealth of wealthy people*, it doesn't affect you ffs or the majority of the population.
And your point is?
You're defending people who have so much money that the tax doesn't actually affect them.
That's your argument? That we should tax people because you think it doesn't effect them and because they have earned more then  you?
Stop calling it the death tax.  It's MISLEADING and you know it. It is called the ESTATE TAX.
Let em all have it Ted. Stupid says stupid does. Bernie has lost it.
Suck Koch much, Ted?
+Capital gains basis s/b INDEXED & stop double taxation of profit.  INCENTIVIZE long term invest. that produces stuff = stability.
Totally true!
I am with I and @SenRandPauI
For the folks that pay the death tax, its the only way we can get the rich bastards to pay taxes
Oh they understand.  That's why they like it.
Feel that Bern? Go home Bern.
So the the >$5 million income gained should be tax exempt? Only taxed when inherited, another tax break for the 1%
Ty Ted Cruz
Estate tax is especially needed in a time so such income inequality which can destroy democracy
Bernie the Commie
Bernie needs some water to wet his mouth as all he did was stand there with it open.
If what you're saying is true then the government owns 60% of what i aquired while I was alive? The government owns it and not me? What?
If an estate increases in value and is passed down to heirs when is the appreciated value ever taxed? Never in #GOP #TaxReform
great debate with Mr. Sanders
They understand- they just don't care!! They just love to spend other people's hard earned money!! WRONG!! NEEDS TO END!!
Bernie look befuddled here when pressed. Phony
As long as they’re rich, I don’t give a shit. Let them pay three times.
None of my friends and neighbors (all Cruz Constituents) have enough money to pay Death Tax in the first place. You're LYING, Ted.
It's not just money in the bank. It's all of the crap you have. That's why farmers so often get hit with it. Lots of expensive equipment.
good job ted.......we just may see you in the white house in 2024 ???
I follow this person because I need to see what ignorance is.

You claim to be Christians...

Jesus is ashamed of you.

Read Matthew.
No.  The death tax allows taxes to be paid for the first time.  Capital gains don't exist until you sell an asset, while still alive.
   Great job Ted! Lol you could just see the uh O crap  look in Bernie's facial expressions!
Bernie the moron
By that argument, we shouldn't have sales tax, either. That would just be a second income tax for spending income. #MeaningfulTaxReform
Only for super high income earners over $150,000
@John_Boehner_ called him like it is: “devil in the flesh.”
Republicans have fallen to understand enough is enough with the nonsense of #POTUSTrump . #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW . Drain his swamp
You go Ted Cruz 
Am on a pension & need property tax deduction, medical deductions & mortgage interest deduction. Otherwise I will have to pay.
Bernie and all his pals on the left just love taking our money!!!!
When the Senate, Congress, FBI, CIA, sanctuary cities and rogue judges refuse to uphold and follow our laws, we are close to a failed state.
Oh my gosh, I almost felt sorry for him. #TellItTed
That is a load of crap, @tedcruz it benefits the president and his family
It’s not a load of crap. Are you that obsessed with President Trump and full of hate you can’t see the bigger picture and the truth? 
The truth that 0.2% of estates owe tax?
It’s a giveaway to the top brackets of the tax code with little for you and me. Conservative my ass. Balloons deficit.
Not when we have a President that doesn’t support all of the terrorists around the world. Which idiotic President doubled the debt.
Congress passes budgets. It's in Article I of the constitution
Congress is complicit in the demise of our country
@SenTedCruz the end is near. Nov 2018 you will hear the people speak. #MidTermElections

That nuance doesn't concern them; they figure if you have a dime left over after one's 1st round of taxes, you be rich & should pay more.
I have never seen Blowhard Bernie that SPEECHLESS and DUMBSTRUCK EVER!!!!
Because he's standing in a open field with no backers! 
He started the food fight,but points finger at neighbor
He threw it!
Nobody says Democrats are good in math.
STAY STRONG
Part of being a good Democrat is failing math & having common sense. Important to be envious to be a Dem
You know that in order to pay an estate tax, you have to have an estate of 5.49 million, 11 million for married couples....
No.  They understand.  Just twist logic to make ppl think it is justifiable
Most taxes make us pay tax twice. Buy a house, pay real estate convey tax, own house pay tax to live in it, but car
Pay tax, drive car pay yearly tax!
Business earns revenue from their customers' after tax income. Every dollar in circulation has been taxed except deficit spending
Please, I want my kids to struggle and pay their way and make their own money.. I want to give mine to the government! Says NO ONE!
You realize this is an argument FORthe estate tax, right?
Like they care about that Trump 2020
Sure. Eliminate the estate tax. Solidify the oligarchs Power that elected you and run this country! You Sanctimonious two-faced asshole!
Yes they don't get that. All the wealth was taxed already. It's bizarre how dumb liberals are. Gender studies don't teach math. #maga
it's shameful that you support inheritance tax cut that only benefits the top 1% while cutting healthcare for children
Bernie is a hack and a communist.
You kiss up to a man that degraded your wife.  You should be ashamed.
Problem is we do get it. You try and take us for fools by rebranding it as death tax. This only affects the Koch families of America! SMH
Only the government would find it acceptable to take money from the grieving.
Because both times Democrat voters are the ones getting paid.
#CruzCrew great debating by @tedcruz as always!  @POTUS keep pushing #TaxReform #ImmigrationReform #StopIranDeal #BuildTheWall #CutRegs
Ted, democrats fail to understand everything.

They fully understand it, @SenTedCruz.  They fully intend to tax us twice!
Yes he could have been president if he hadn't shot himself in the foot.. Maybe 2020 will be his year if he can control his campaign.
Cruz made Bernie look like a fool
Death taxes destroy business succession for families with farms and small businesses! It’s always been an unfair tax
Well done Cruz!!!
The unemployment rate is less the 5% thanks to OB economic plans and education incentives....this is a global economy silly.u lie all day
How is that okay?  It is ROBBERY!
I am so ashamed to be represented by you....nothing more that a slut in a suit..cares nothing about us, cares just for his rich oil friends
What makes the govt more deserving of my money than my family?
They understand just fine. They want to crumple us & fatten their own wallets. Isn't that how socialism works?
School is in session.
Senator Cruz has a really great and very eloquent way of schooling.  He always leaves me impressed!
Wow good job Ted! Even though your Dad may have had something to do with the JFK assassination
Boom u go Cruz crush him
Thank you for standing for the people
Oh they understand.
AS TAXABLE INCOME FOR THE PERSON INHERITING!
Typical of the liberals to suggest i get taxed to death
They understand the dumocraps r just greedy
They want us to pay twice.
Attaboy Ted, it's about time somebody set the record straight
So this brainless socialist plans 2 run 4 prez again, yet doesn't get the concept of paying taxes twice 4 keeping the "Death Tax"less
Same thing with gambling..I play with money already taxed..if I get lucky enough to win..taxed again
Same thing with capital gains..I invest money that has already been taxed and if I'm lucky enough to cash out I pay again..WTF
@SenSanders you just got owned sir
Sorry Bernie you never stood a chance
kill #DeathTax won't protect everyone.This only protects family fortune & hand me down business like @realDonaldTrump and #trustfundbaby
They have no brain-cells...clearly shows THERE IGNORANCE...
Even when people have lost their loved ones the democrats can only think of more ways to tax them ? It's disgusting.
To the dems, that's a feature, not a bug.
Bernie needs to go to bed !
Everybody regardless of earning level should pay a 10% flat tax that is never allowed to be changed.  Fed Gov then needs to budget on that.
Flat tax on all sources of income regardless if earned, investment or other and no death tax as it is double taxation.
The wealthy have high priced estate lawyers to put their property & money into trusts that evade the death taxes. Most people don't.
Rethink a few beliefs, become a tad more likeable, a presidency MIGHT be in your future.
#PotusTrump plan to deliver HISTORIC TAX CUTS for AMERICAN families,businesses & workers.Once-in-a-generation opportunity. #TaxReform #AFOXX

Go TED!!!!!
They understand very well.
Democrats are only concerned with obstructing President Trump led by Schumer
They know that-- they DONT care!
Democrats the party of death ,immorality, and lawlessness
TC, you seem to think that @SenSanders & @TheDemocrats give-a-S--- about Americans keeping
$ they earn!
@DNC ONLY CARES 4 'BigG' & CONTROL!
This is literally kicking our dead bodies
Even off topic Bernie's political Denmark hack on health care
Ho ray Cruz
NO we fully understand the estate tax,  when Trump dies, tell me why Erik deserves free money he did not work for, rem daddy was the Grifter
Go ted
Now, Ted go after the IRS!
Ironically you killed it on the death tax Teddy
One Would think That would be Easy to Understand
Oh they understand vary well  that your paying twice. They need the extra to defray the cost of their living lifstyles.
Cruz is great and old Bernie is nutty as ever.
I THOUGHT THAT THEY WERE GOING TO GET RID OF THE DEATH TAX.  THE DEMS ARE WRONG.   WE DON'T WANT DEATH TAX.
Politicians who favor #DeathTax & actually lobby against it are taking Lobbyist $$ from #Globalist who want to destroy Middle Class wealth.
#DeathTax is all about stopping generational wealth, that’s what it’s about. Because Generational Wealth threatens elites. 
The Republicans fail to tell Americans that the death tax only kicks in over $5 million so 98% of us won't ever pay a death tax
Yup, paying tax once on my $ is enuf, no matter who I leave it 2. I am not a millionaire like Bernie is!
Bernie’s face is a riot. His mouth looks like a chimpanzee opening and closing. Retire.
is Bernie having a seizure during the debate?
... socialists are unaware their arguments are flawed and feeble ...
Oh no. They understand this perfectly and are just fine with it. If rhey had their way they would tax inheritance at 100%.
#BankFraudBernie
DEMOCRATS don't care about how many, who, is taxed, and how many times;all they want is more money so they can spend it at will,no questions
You avg American know that and HATES it! S/b illegal to double tax. Never should be allowed!  And what about capital gains? Wrong too!
Because Dems are all about tax and spend or wealth redistribution.
@tedcruz You crushed it, Ted!!!! Loving you more & more, buddy  Bernie is a bewildered old fool. He couldn't even argue.
Bernie wants your money and not just a little.
Thank You Senator Cruz and that tax killing small businesses and farms is so true!!!!!
Bernie has no input on paying taxes in MY OPINION.  He paid no taxes until he was in his 40's since he did not have a job.
Sanders face says it all.  
You are very deceptive TED. That applies to the wealthiest Americans in the country. No one else. Don't be a liar.
Get RID OF DEATH TAX it feeds law firms who have to dance and execute fancy plans 4 rich who beat it anyway!
Some understand it but don't think it's immoral to force someone to pay tax multiple times on the same money.
Bernie is outclassed! Go @SenTedCruz ! Hope you ru for office in 2020.
Democrats don’t care! They have to fund their identity politics. #persist #TaxReform
Teddy they do understand that it favors the wealthy. Luke your typical GOP donors. They also understand that corporate tax cuts do not help.
Death Tax needs eliminated, horrible
Look at ol Burnie squirming trying to say some idiocy..lol
family had a third generation cattle ranch. Dad died. 39% taxes at the time. 5 years later. Mom died. Taxed again. Daughter sold out last %
To bad couldn’t have Similar debate in primaries without throwing around insults.
It's putting personal gain above what's good for American citizens as a whole. That's betrayal of public trust. Need to be removed.
it's absolutely double taxation. And absolutely unfair. And yes, most farms and ranches have to be sold to pay the deathtax
Its so wrong
Yup they want to screw over people who worked hard to leave their kids a little help on getting ahead in life
All the left cares about is making us slaves to gov
No thanks
I agree. I like being free & having individuality
DAMN, I WISH THAT WOULD HAVE AIRED ON FOX NEWS!! TOTALLY MISSED IT.
They understand, they just don’t care.
The look on @SenSanders face priceless. In his deep heart, B.S. knows that @SenTedCruz is correct. Sad though, that BS is a sitting Senator
Democrats always want to take and not give.
they aren't failing to understand, that is their intention

The dems DO understand it’s just another way to suck taxpayers.  They are Power and $ gluttons. They waste the $ and abuse the power.
Who booked Bernie to debate Ted? Ted Cruz is a brilliant individual with grasp of all things government.
@tedcruz really did a good job of putting that #Communist bastard in his place...
What brought about the estate tax in the first place? Doesn't seem like something the elitists would have ever accepted
The upper class DOESN'T PAY the #DeathTax
Others DO--because the RICH have #FOUNDATIONs to hide the money while paying their "heirs"
Lies, lies, lies. #GOP  owned by big biz, mercers, Bannon & nra. #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW #TruthToPower  #ThursdayThoughts #TheResistance
ted doesn't seem 2 understand estate tax is new inheritance income tax. It has nothing to do with benefactor only beneficiary.
Democrats only hear the word FREE
So, true to form, Bernie corrects “death tax” to “estate” tax, because, would a rose by any other name smell as sweet?  Apparently not.
Oh they understand it. Just don’t care.
Why are you debating Bernie? He isn't a Democrat and he isn't running for your Senate seat.  Beto is.
They.dont care because their voter base doesn't have anything to pay taxes on. They don't even have bank accounts!
#bernie looks a little rattled! #MAGA
I hope young people watched this debate with their eyes opened 
Bernie Sanders (and the left) never saw a tax on the middle class that he (they) didn’t want to enforce.
Not at all, Ted. The taxpayer is dead when the estate tax is imposed. The estate is a different taxpayer.
It’s not that they don’t understand it, they absolutely do.  They believe that the government is entitled to that .
Ha ha! His big fat mouth is at a loss for words
Easy to spend someone Else's money.Keep up the good work,Mr.Cruz.
The #DeathTax only effects the very rich, not small Farmer's and truckers
Way to go Swpenator cruz!!! Of course crooked Bernie believes in the death tax.  Bank Fraud Bernie
Democrats are crooks and theives
The bastards understand they want to take land people inherit from their parents when they can't pay taxes for themselves & rich buddies
did he eat a booger again? love anyone who bashes Bernie
The damn #DemocRATS understand NOTHING! All they care about is destroying Trump & the USA! THEY ARE THE ENEMY!
