BREAKING: British media are reporting that 11-month-old Charlie Gard, focus of a legal health battle, has died.
It is bs. State controlled death panels. He/they had a basic human right to try to live. Disgusting.
NHS who treated Charlie had no involvement with government whatsoever. Yr politicans are using Charlie to rid of Obama Care.  Wake up!!
I am talkingvaboit GOV interference and i too want ObamaCare gone. MORE GOV interference.
Was murdered buy a bunch of judges
Ignorant! He died of a genetic disease that your own American dr said could be cured. NHS and Government are not the same.
US Doctors may have been able to save #CharlieGard early on. There's your socialized Medical coverage Obamacare supporters
Trump promised a cure and sent over a doctor who was nothing but a snakesoil salesman. Charlie is being used by yr government. #obamacare
Seriously!!! The American government want YOU to believe that so you vote against Obama Care. NHS and GOSH are fantatic hospitals/services.
Government run healthcare results in complete loss of Freedom Even to take your son somewhere else at your expense # horror show
UK healthcare is NOT run by the government. Trump wants u to believe that so you vote against Obama Care. Healthcare is free on NHS in UK
Heartbreaking what little Charlie Gard endured. I pray his parents will find peace knowing he is in Jesus arms in heaven
State murder.
WRONG. This poor child died as a result of a genetic disease. NHS treatment is FREE in America. UK doesn't have bankrupt families.
Celebrate the State' killing and taking the place  of the parents. Rejoice you collective Fabian.
Coming soon to the US, if we don't repeal Obamacare, or if we go Single-payer.
NHS is the best in the world. Using Charlie to further your political agenda against Obama Care is irresponsible, heartless and cold. Nasty.
@AP  They will answer to God for this selfish act. They aren't the family and just love to play God.
I guess the great UK govt healthcare got what they wanted
Socialized healthcare condemns baby to death. America is next.
Because Charlie died of a genetic disease?  What rubbish. NHS is the best in the world. Yr President fooling you to go against Obama Care.
@CocoThePatriot RIP little guy. God will find u.
Socialism is Evil
Never allow the kind of intrusion of government in our health care. No government should ever dictate that a child must die. REPEAL O'care.
That's because the UK government was never involved in the first place.Two differenties entities. NHS treatment is FREE.
So sad....I wonder if they could have gotten him to the USA earlier if the out come would have been different
He would have died in USA too and his parents made bankrupt with medicals bills.  NHS & British Government are not the same.
We owe his death to #SinglePayer system. He could have been saved. Gov & court controlled health systems NEVER work.
Ted Cruz hero
@Fight4Charlie
How is he a hero? Charlie died of a genetic disease. Your president is using him to help get rid of Obamacare. NHS is the best in the world.
Thank you sir. Britain did an enormous dis-service to Charlie's family.
No they did NOT. British NHS the best in the world. Trump attempting to use Charlie to get rid of Obama Care. Irresponsible & heartless!
Amen! Keep his parents in our prayers, my heart aches for all they have gone through and to loose a little angel 
Ted we think people might see through your fake Christian veneer. Take note from us: being openly evil is so much more fun.
@Reince leaving White House has some importance but Baby Charlie Gard passing, & his/parent's struggles MUCH MUCH more important.
Yeah that is what single payer or socialized medicine will bring to America. Those people for Ocare needs to take notice.
He did not just die !  He was Murdered by the Brittish Government !
Knock it off! He died of a genetic disease. NHS is the best in the world and has NOTHING to do with the government. READ THE FACTS!!
That has NEVER happened in the UK.Totally different healthcare system free to all.Trump wants u to believe that so u vote against Obamacare
So Sad! Resting in the arms of Jesus!
Amen Senator, nicely done.
May God keep him in his ever warm and living arms in eternity.
sweet, #CharlieGard, may you enjoy eternity with God the Father and your parents have peace in that thought.
May God have mercy on the souls that let him die. May the angels bring Charlie home.
Please get government out of our Health Care....Please
Well said! He isn't suffering any longer. Hopefully his parents can heal quickly knowing they fought the fine fight for him.
Heartbreaking. Although @krauthammer said his condition was tortuous, so that is to be considered.  Terrible situation
This could happen here WAKE UP AMERICA
Tragic!
Charlie save spaces for mom and dad who loved you very much. Send them peace and grace
Prayer in the GULAG, from a Gulag film. #CELTICFILMS  http://gulagmagadan.com  65 million were killed in the Marxist USSR Gulag death camps.
May our Lord comfort sweet #CharlieGard's family. Thank you & j the many Congressmen & Senators trying to improve #Healthcare #FullRepeal 
We don't want that to be our children!!!!
Why did the parents deny the MRI?
Actually, had he been American, you would have been happy to deny him insurance to pay for the expensive procedures he needed.
Amen
Socialized medicine...coming to America! Going to be real when it's YOUR child and in the U.S.!
with Christ which is far better.
Couldn't have said it better
Well thats where the US is headed thanks to the #wolvesinsheepsclothing #NeverTrumpers #establishment who dont want to #MAGA
Euro trash barbarians.
Seriously? What do you know about the UK government and healthcare service. Don't u come over here to use the svs for free? Hypocrite.
You care about Charlie Gard on the heels of trying to take away healthcare from millions of Americans? SAD!
Socialized medicine at its best.
"Rest in peace, Charlie. You will not be forgotten." Because, Charlie, you are now the poster child warning against government health care.
Still going for that vote aren't you. You are such a Christian,but don't care about people losing their insurance.
So sad. Bye bye Charlie, government let you die, just like Obama care, social medicine
But you didn't care about American children and their healthcare. #FailureFriday
I pray for the family to be filled with comfort from God.  Charlie will be waiting for you.  What a black mark on socialized medicine.
The blame lies with judges and doctors, who meddled where they had no business or right to meddle. Delayed treatment until he was terminal.
The government gave them that right to "meddle" and the effects fall on the "Charlie's" of the world.
Death for political theatre. This man knowns no shame.
And he is with JESUS...
Gonna guess these mentions below are a dumpster fire of bipartisan ignorance and... yep, exactly what I thought.
 RIP
Thanks to government run healthcare this child never had a chance. It's on their heads just like ocare is on congressman's heads now.
You guys had 7 years and did absolutely nothing.
Just a crappy day all around!! So sick of our govt! Why is no one held responsible for the evil deeds that has consumed our govt. #morals
No one is held responsible bc it is the govt and the govt in its own eyes considers itself benevolent. Charlie's death need not be in vain
Single Payer killed this baby.
Good ole #singalpayer HC
Ironic you post thing after voting to let thousand of Americans to die without healthcare huh?
What happens when you die with govt controlled healthcare that won't allow you the treatment you need to stay alive, huh?
This is such a sad story God be with baby Charlie and the Garda family
Just Gut Wrenching
this is exactly why we the people should be in charge of our own health, we had no probs. before Obamacare !!
Try reading more so you don't make a fool of yourself on twitter
This is the healthcare you liberals want, take a good long hard look.
Amen....sorry we could not help

You are controlled and they OWN your children if the government has ANY connection to HC.. Its EVIL..the emotionally Stupid don't understand https://twitter.com/keywestcliff2/status/890987581336375301 …
Stated just hours after attempting to take health care away from millions (young, old, female, and impoverished). #hypocrite
Nice words, Ted.
How many Americans children will die UNDER this SINGLE PAY PROGRAM, .how many elderly will.be left to die?
*now let me get back to doing Gods work....cutting Medicaid for poor kids. Lazy welfare bums.
Amen! This is what happens when any government is too involved in health care for the people.
Read a book so you don't look like a fool when you post

Memory eternal!
Amen
Amen
