May 7, 2017 - France craps all over the victory.
By not voting for a nazi? Sure. That makes sense.
.@rickswift @medicwithwounds @DeptofDefense  It is my opinion Le Pen was France's best chance.
I literally just got done watching the new film #Churchill and agree with you. Will France need liberating again from a new terror?
We shall see, and what films will our grandkids watch about that, I wonder? I predict Macron will be the Chamberlain of France.
Yep!  My parents and their siblings were all in the service and, unlike @GOP fought against the fascists not for them.
Oh to one day see the ISIS flag & all it stands for destroyed in the same way! Thank You #PresidentTrump for hope! @POTUS #VEDay #MAGA
Your welcomed Germany.
Speaking of fighting facism: #SpecialProsecutor NOW.Watergate 2.0. History is watching you. Villain or hero?Party or country? You decide
Thank you to all who sacrificed to save Europe only to have it taken over by Islam without a fight.
Interesting how the narrative goes: "5 years since Hitler marched into #Poland". No mention that he did it together with USSR.
Is today the day 45 is going to surrender too?? Please tell me it's gonna be another historic day please?
I'm gonna surrender Deez Nuts for you! 
U think Trump will HELP you, and US? EVER seen B$ ?HEs IT FOR HIMSELF, "I and I alone !?"..WAKE THe- UP B4 ITS TOO LATE !!#Erdoğan
Tank's Russia the real winner
The next worldwide enemy we must destroy is ISIS. There's is the next emblem to bite the dust.
Ok, so go bitch at the soviets?  Their blind desire to expand their borders is clear.  There is only one way to become "great" in Russia.
Thanks to my fam.. Euro and s.pacific. My mom ran an underground in the Phili. for gen mc Arthur.  My hubby fam died in the camps
Good thing to shut down those holocaust centers, right Sean?
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/DeptofDefense/status/861551492636876801 … (Ranked 48th for May 8.)
Thank you to all those who Served and Serving our. Country to keep us safe and preserve our Freedom.
Problem in a gas room.
"le cynisme des chambres à gaz"
The sad part is the majority of schools do not teach American History. Specifically WWI and WWII.
Incorrect: they overteach US history, neglect world history, and don't touch anything more contemporary than 1950.
I have just two questions: 
who took Berlin and Reichstag in 1945 and who freed half of Europe from fascism?! Stop misquoting true history
Memorial Day respect from a Brit in Qatar
Yes, thank you for that.
AHHH. REAL MEN.
@RepPaulMitchell Shame on you Paul Mitchell! For voting YES on tax cut for wealthy disguised as health care bill.SHAME ON YOU
Looks like the next Nazi infestation will be in America.  Too bad we will be going through all this again. Easy pickings for hate mongers.
Speaking of Nazis...what are you going to do about the Nazis currently occupying the White House??? 
And all the while, you do everything you can to make sure Putin got away with this travesty. Shame on you. Your deflection is proPutin.
#addingTotheCurriculum
#VEDay should be celebrated instead of Cinco de Mayo. I’d rather celebrate a huge victory of ours, than some old Mexican battle.
proud to be the son of a b17 crew member that dropped tons of bombs on the german nazis to end the war
Thank you vets and the greatest generation
That day there was "unity against evils." Today there is "silence" against the oppressors. There are countries in love with PKK / PYD / SDG.
My Dad fought in WWII. He would be so sad to see that there is a fascist dictator sitting in OUR White House right this minute.

Putin elects an idiot & @gop acts like it won the lottery & goes on a spending, killing spree like common criminals https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/861254691568492544 …

@France still smooching evil's  ass
And then you brought them here to work
@DefenceHQ @US_EUCOM @USArmy @BritishArmy @usairforce @RoyalNavy @USMC a long long journey,car on the street,tank before a mill,people on
the square,yes,Times Square. I think I need learn more on the war and the hailings.
Now if only you could protect us from lying & treasonous James Comey Loretta Lynch and the Clinton Cartel
My gosh, the world let it go on for so long.
Yes, but now what's going to happen with the mess the world is in?
WWII is nothing compared to what the elite have planned. Research people and don't think it can't happen.
@RichardNixon103 We've not forgotten
I love these old news reels!
Just visited the D-Day beaches at Normandy. Check out my drone video of some of the beaches here https://youtu.be/e5s6EglfSfw  .
The last great generation. Was it in vain?
Not PC so not taught in school
We send our congrats to @USArmy @USNavy @usairforce by The #VDay 72 Anniverssary http://bit.ly/xwTUlg  @EmbajadaEEUUcl
@NBCNews #VDay http://youtu.be/bK-EVqTYAmM  @DeptofDefense @USArmy @USNavy @usairforce @ElvisPresley @EmbajadaEEUUcl
A day worth remembering!!  Looking forward to the end the war on ISIS
WW III against British fascism is different from what have been witnessed up 2 this day. JFK's statement 1 week before he died spells it out
Share this with Angie murkel....
That's 3 days after Cinco de Mayo!
My mother was in Brooklyn for that event and she loves to talk about all the people in the streets partying late into the night.
And yet we see how easily the French have surrendered to the Socialist Globalists, we should have let the NAZIs utterly destroy France.
Annnd now the FASCISTS are on the march again, with brownshirt thugs attacking everybody who disagrees with the Commucrats!
http://www.hellstormdocumentary.com 
B4 During & After PROOF-REICHSTAG911 Orig Plan dissemination May 27 1974 HERE: [http://www.worldwidewaco.wordpress.com/reichstag-911-viii-the-conspirators-part-1-fourfive-fingers/ …]
Our american grandfathers saved the world from Hitler.  RIP veterans.
Girls will be murdered in FRANCE by Muslims
And the beginning in earnest of America's Space Program!

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Paperclip …
Hmm. Strange coming from a @GOP  representative whose party has praised Putin on several occasions
From the greatest generation to I don't even know what...
I absolutely love the overkill on the bomb power to destroy the emblem #Sendthemessagebaby
@RepKinzinger They surrendered thanks to   Russia!!!!
And 72 years later we have an actual Nazi working in the White House.
Lend Lease Act ?   Hmmmmmmmm.  Never heard of it!   -Moscow
I salute to all those brave men and women who sacrifice their lives.  Doing WWII.
always a commie in these things kek
Thanks Russia for saving us from the Nazis...
RETWEETED..
Si es bueno recordarlo.para que jamas vuelva suceder.
La generacion actual trata de pasar por alto. esa historia.
@SenTedCruz Thank you and God bless to ALL who sacrificed so much for us. NEVER FORGET
Visited Normandy with my family. I'm not an american but I was so proud of those allied forces. Tears came to my eyes.
There's no Nazi Germany-they're all SSises,NSDAPises,GESTAPises and they came from the NAZILAND-disappeared in 45 leaving Germans in sorrow.
Liberals, are spewing the same kind of hatred Hitler did, which is why they try to mask it by calling Trump a Hitler. We need a VA Day
@RealJamesWoods could you imagine how the libs of today would have approached hitler? Scary
Thanks to all vets of every branch of service.
Nostagic moment in history. 
Nazi, KABOOM!
This is a great day in history for America and the world. I don't know why people are politicizing it in the comments here.
Snd they have been surrendering to everyone ever since.
People back in the day really liked climbing things , you don't see that anymore  #FlagpoleSitting
Get ready for another V-Day in a few years. France is just repeating the victory march of June 25th, 1940.
After yesterday's vote, we'll be back....
Eternal gratitude to all the Americans who fought and died to free us, Europeans, from a greatest evil. #weWillRememberThem
On this date May 8 2017, a day after the French Election, signals the end to that great Victory as WW3 looms with every new Muslin in Europe
And today France has surrendered to the Islamic nation.
Oh for fuck sake, give it a rest!
Muslims colluded with Hitler and the Nazis to create the "Final Solution."  Now, the Europeans are inviting this scourge into their lands.
70+ years later, France Surrenders, all over again.....
"And so today, in this year of war, 1945, we have learned lessons - at a fearful cost - and we shall profit by them." Franklin D. Roosevelt
A proud time!
My father fought in WW2. He remembers it well. So much truth is left unspoken
My father fought in WW2, her embers
Fast Forward 25 years and the history reel will also include the day when France became and Islamic state
Patton was right.
Only in Europe do they adopted the policies of a dictatorship after defeating them!
Hey there's a new movie coming out called Dunkirk. It looks really good.
Because of our military mite the world was saved.Let us not forget what they fought for. Freedom
Ironic... the day after #France surrendered to globalists and jihadists. Heh.
Russia allied with USA kicked nazi ass. Ponder that one. Let's kick isis and globalist ass
The old days when enemies had their own countries and fought from them.
8 May, war ends in Europe. Trinity test is 16 July. But, the US dropped the bomb on Japan because of racism.
No, because of an expansionist Moscow.  Moscow was on their way to steal more land. Only one way to become "Great" in Russian history !!!!
In WWII red Russian Nazis came from east, & brown German Nazism came from west. Ukraine became a battlefield and... https://www.facebook.com/ukrainefree/posts/1375288085889575 …
Surrender @realDonaldTrump
Tell that to the left. They would tell you it was nazi Russia.
I'm on the left.  You are wrong.  Blindly painting everyone with the same brush ?  How foolish
@JBaker31826004 Three months later, the US signed onto the UN. 3 World Wars are planned to change world societies to Fascism

God bless those brave men who are turning in their grave watching what these assholes are doing to our president and this country
what America helped to defeat in Europe in '45 is now brought back to life and into the USA by Trump @TheTweetwit @BanjoHfuhruhur
A careful reading of history elucidates the fact that Russia pretty much won the war; they killed 75% of German combatants, sacrificed 27mil
Any day you defeat nazi philosophy is a good day for the world !
Only to be replaced with globalism. Thanks to FDR and Truman, proponents of the UN. We have had more
Wars since WWII thanks to the UN.
BOOM! They blew that emblem away! 
@Mr_Beltran_AMS
#timetraveler pause at 20 seconds .. thas me #rp aka #mj
This is an example of a peace keeping internet education ..
Transfer GDP NATO ratio into a reduction plan
We need to always remember our past victories & failures
Neoliberals supporting fraud still at war with #Democracy #DemExit #PeoplesParty
Oh, do tell!  LoL
Thank you all for Your Service! We remember!
America owes Britain, Russia, China and Asia a great debt of gratitude for freeing America from the EU with Brexit http://JosephTurnerBooks.com 
Trump is going to destroy the United States of America, It's Air, Water, Land and the American way of life, This can't be tolerated!
