No, for 6yrs GOP were obstructionists refusing to partner with Dems to benefit citizens. You put party over the people. #youlie
multiple plans over the years and none were heard by the past admin.
the only "plan" was to waste taxpayer time and money trying to repeal #aca. Show one time GOP tried to partner.
they tried to partner every single day when it was being secretly made. Obozo wouldn't even let anyone read it.
you lost credibility when you resorted to name calling. Show proof or move on.
and I bet me calling Obozo a bozo looses my credibility for you even with all the facts in your face means nothing
Nothing in section 6 supports your assertion. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patient_Protection_and_Affordable_Care_Act …
also see legislative history
#FullRepeal
No doubt about the promise of republicans and repealiing Obamacare, they better get with it,
I would like the same insurance that you have.
By law, all congress and staff must buy ACA ins on exchanges like everyone else. You do have the same insurance
yes, but they only pay a small percentage and they can fall back to FEHBP if ACA repealed
@joethepatriotic Finally but kind of week and ambiguous. Action? Passing the current HR(crap) or full repeal 1st?
FYI, tax credits in GOP's plan are already part of ACA. Except ACA's credits (not GOP's) can also increase your tax refund
How do GOP members fix their hair since they can't see themselves in mirrors?
what seems to be the holdup with appealing Obamacare? Paul Ryan? Do something about it!
@nixfee @YouTube Yep.  Yep.... Yep!!!
Repeal it! Roll back to pre 2008 health insurance laws!
And you will be responsible for the deaths of millions who can't afford Trumpcare.  Shame on you.
please remind Mr. Ryan that the people who want Ocare are not the ones that voted him in or gave the Repubs congress and WH.
How about just representing US citizens rather than your own personal vendettas...just like Trump! His entire presidency is an elitist joke
as one of your constituents I oppose this bill. You will not receive my vote if you pass this as its written. U work for me!
@_CFJ_ @YouTube 
Unfortunately, the leadership of both houses and many others have joined Ryan in his new party.
More appropriate name:
PACHASS
@petefrt  Repeal it...period.  Anyone who doesn't like that didn't vote 4 you to begin with...& still won't with any replacement
Nov 2018...mid term elections.
Plus the exemption to health insurance companies of anti trust laws must be repealed as well!!
Your bill you champion is a gisnt cluster f¥•k
think of the positive effects on the deficit of defunding all sanctuary cities. The Dem Governors are trying to help you. Let em
Think of yourself as a nimrod
MAKE IT HAPPEN!!!!  Or we are going to have a talk next time I fly you to D.C.  Haha!
Could not agree more!
this bill is awful. Keep ACA
#ACA #Obamacare
Help Trump fight these judges. Support the travel EO. This is an outrage. We want to be safe.
Sen McConnell promised during his re-election campaign that it would be the FIRST thing he'd do.
New GOP plan charges 30% penalty on top of your premiums if you go without insurance >63days. 
, I think the time is for considered action re: improving ACA. The time for action is investigation into Trump/Russia
repubs:  pay the piper now, not the layaway plan
problem is many of your peers are Soros schills, crossed  the commie line McCain,Ryan,Rubio  you know them all what to do?
you can support a wimp who let 45 talk about his family?
Also promised replace. You and your Plutocrat Party need to give my party back. Call yourselves anything but Republican
@JohnCornyn please keep the Hazelwood Act for the children of Veterans! We are saving that for our children's future!
once the house bill gets voted on and moves t the senate y can pass a senate version and start from there
#FullRepeal or no deal!!
Amen Brother..
@peddoc63 Amen Senator!
well the mandate is still there and subsidies. What are you going to do about it?
I'm so happy to see you fighting this. #FullRepeal #NoObamacareLite
never going to happen !!!
We are waiting for action.
waiting....
Make Medicare-For-All the SOLE coverage for politicians.
Watch the improvements and funding magically appear.
Says Despicable Ted.
What about Russia? Taxes? @trumpcare is No care
fight for freedom
@peddoc63 we are all watching to see who does what they were voted in to do. If they do not, they will not be reelected. #MAGA
You're absolutely despicable.
@peddoc63 @YouTube you got what you want-TO GIVE US WHAT WE WANT. Better make sure nil isn't for lobbyists, but for #WeThePeople
awe look at all the gimmies and #Snowflakes trolling here
Don't miss this awesome opportunity to abolish IRS!!!
they lied as usual!
Do what's right for all Americans.
come have a town hall and see what your constituents want. Or read my postcards I've sent. #TownHall #Austin #NoRepeal
Yes, true, but not if you have no clue what the hell you're doing!
FULL REPEAL! Then bill to reduce healthcare costs. Medicare for hospitalization, economic transparency, interstate ins
@FreedomWorks @YouTube Keep at it Sen. We need a full repeal. No RyanCare.
... opportunities are being missed ...
show us something substantial. Don't screw the middle class and elderly. Remember your up for election next year.
Without a replacement that does not KILL PEOPLE w/unaffordable insurance U will have created REPUBLICAN DEATH PANELS not Obama!
@FreedomWorks Yes Sir, NOW IS THE TIME TO GET A CLEAN REPEAL!!!
I really like you Senator ! But I don't see much help for Pres.Trump in the Republican Senate and Esp. not the House ! UnHappy !
Exactly right @SenTedCruz. Get @JohnCornyn and tell him same thing. No #Obama light... #RepealAndReplace
Do it.  Put all 3 Phases together and use the 1974 rule which I call the Cruz Missile option to get it through!
24 million people losing their healthcare, charging elderly and disabled more and cutting Medicaid are bad actions.#DOYOURJOB
60
complete repeal. Not piece meal. Not 3 stages. Repeal.
and ryan rino paul is pushing this Bill. Looks nothing like the ones they pushed during Obama yrs. That he vetoed
and it's not the governments job to mandate health care coverage. That's the first thing hitler did!! Socialized care!
maybe trump should fire mitch mconnells wife until he gets on board the trump train======(----]>
rino care will fail. Democrats are not the only ones against trump
Republicans have a majority & yet they still can't get their acts together...how pathetic is that?
yeah but we all know rino care is gonna be pushed through cause donald trump isn't part of the establishment
Go Ted!
O'care like cancer. Cure not easy or quick. Don't want: "The operation was a success but the patient died."
Please support @RandPaul 's bill.
Go jump in a lake and drown! Can't wait for elections in 2018!
Amen Senator!
do it! Repeal it! Americans all want it repealed!
full repeal is the only acceptable plan - we are counting on you to fight for what is right
why repeal the good parts. Would be a waste of more time.
you must have for brains
Only a complete repeal will do. It's what we were promised. Anything less is a lie
Time for action?  We might have better luck if Obamacare fails worse first.
Don't fall for Ryan's lies.  He's no better than Dems.
Tort reform will go a long way in saving money in health care.
Charles Kraufhamer good idea. Load the full bill in the House and pass it to the Senate. Let the Dems turn it down
Why do you want 24M people to lose insurance and use the savings for tax credits for the rich?
that number is inflated. Half of ur is people who will leave since they don't have to pay the pebslty
I support ObamaCare repeal. We can't overly debate replace package either. That was the trap set by its designers.
stay with it, Senator!
Ryan care keeps the mandated coverage items that made Obamacare so expensive!   Ryan plan needs a major change!  It is a sham!
translated "now is the time to kill the poor and the elderly"
They NEED to STOP babbling and DO something productive !!



love your gobbldy gook talk...
Screw the poor and middle-class...Give tax breaks to the rich...trickle down...No HC ins. standards...junk plans
you should read part one and maybe listen to the people making the plan
Smart play is to delay repeal until you can replace with better bill (not #PayMoreForLess ). Or better yet, improve  #ACA. 
y'all have no conscience. Makes me ashamed to be a Texan
I think you mean “It’s shameful he calls himself a Texan” :)
Better said!
Full repeal
Not buying the Ryan "my way or highway" routine....
Yes, @SenTedCruz but make sure it's FULL REPEAL without the crap left in @realDonaldTrump! @JimLaubler
do you want president to follow through on his promise?
No matter who it hurts because people should be free to die without medical care.  #PayMoreForLess
go get a job and pay for it. Why do you think someone should pay your way?

ROTFLMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!
I agree but the enemy of good is perfect. I support the current bill/plan. Tax credits are great idea not entitlement.
Please Senator Cruz it must be a clean complete REPEAL!
45 promised insurance for everyone. Does that one not matter? What about the people who would have died without the ACA?
"Access" to Healthcare is NOT "coverage," you scoundrel!
 clearly you don't have it.
sometimes i fear you guys mistake what you promised for why people actually voted for you.
The Left is in OVERDRIVE trying to take down Trump, rather than WORK on a solution to Healthcare! It's DESPICABLE!
tell that to that idiot @SpeakerRyan
Good work. Ass.
Then DO IT!!!! Quit messing around!!!!
Like you Teddie GOP looks stupid.
so repeal the damn thing and don't waste our time with Obamacare 2.0
