You meant "for immorally trying to impose their religious beliefs on others." You're welcome.
no, not imposing. Just standing by their convictions. Not wanting does not equal forcing everyone.
It does when they say "I'm telling my employees they can't have it because i don't like it."
They have no business working for Religious Organizations knowing they follow Gods Laws. Plants of D
God's law does not supplant United States law. Sorry.
? law applies to me making the rules in my business? O's dictate does not supplant my right to rule my business as I want.
"Rule my business" Spoken like a true devotee of Feudalism where the rich rule and the poor obey. But this is America. Try again.
you have no respect for concept of choice or freedom. Feudalism was the top dog rules. You want gov't to be top dog.
-We all have right to our religious belifes, but no one has right to force their belifes on others which is what Little Sis did.
we all were mandated to pay for birth control & maternity services whether we needed it. Hopefully this will change
b. At a higher price and lower coverage
- who control preminum cost? Not we the insured. Cost up b4 ObamaCare, explain that-stop acting stupid.
all prices we pay.. including deductables are set by insurance co. @GOP are #Liars on so many levels.
these deductibles are due to young people not on insurance. Obamacare failing.
I have a son with a $7000 deductible with $300 monthly premium
- That is your insurance comp ripping you off & blaming ObamaCare. @GOP LIED TO YOU.
Democrats haven't championed the little for years. Their only concerned with freaks and losers.
they need victims. Their idea of growing the party
Indeed. Their idea of utopia is a poor, miserable population. With the exception of themselves of course.
everyone to them are in a category, victim/victimizer/champion. You MUST be one. They decide which. Very funny
Maybe US Congress can enact a tax for not wearing your aborted fetus on a chain around your neck.
@need4truthiness Democrats the new communist party.
You had better check your repub party comrade
Don't need to check the Repub party. A #TRUMPSUPPORTER & were all doing just fine and dandy.
@MissyWatusi I love you #senatorCruz @SenTedCruz
I want him on SCOTUS lifetime of defending the Constitution
@cathryn_feekin @tempteststorm2 Attack, obstruction, division is mantra of Dems.
Thank you for pointing out the hypocrisy and for reminding us that justice is supposed to be blind.
All you can do is deflect Skippy
so true! Thank you Sen CRUZ for pointing that out!
democrats want to lose in both houses of congress and are positioning themselves to do so in 2018!
Seriously? It's not 'persecution' because you aren't allowed to force your beliefs on others.
Since when is forcing religious beliefs on people something the "little guy" would do?
Lying Ted, you could care less about the little guy, the poor and the elderly
Democrats are oositioning themselves for the biggest political loss in 2018 !
An appellate court judge shouldn't look out for the little guy, or the big one. They should look out for the law.
LSOTP was backed by the catholic church in that lawsuit. I seriously doubt the catholic church can be called "the little guys".
sister of the Poor, very little "guys". And charitable and kind and very giving.
lol, they do great work, but they also let right wing nutjobs hijack a catholic cause to try and bring down the ACA.
Just to clear the record, the nuns didn't want to pay for abortions!
is classy & brilliant on the point of the Law, & specifically #Obama's forever disgusting nun-bullying.https://twitter.com/SenTedCruz/status/843901733835231232 …
Dems accuse Gorsuch of not looking out for "the little guy” - while they spent 8 yrs attacking Little Sisters of the Poor for relig beliefs pic.twitter.com/bSeE5OEjeY
Senator Cruz doing what he does best presenting a case, of course liberal have no interest in law or the Constitution.
Your arm chair law degree told you that?
Lying Ted, @POTUS words not mine, what does this have to do with this hearing? Keep your bible to yourself. #Constitution
Liberals, always ready to blame religion even when not the issue at hand
he brought it up. Keep it out of politics.
only as an example of how Liberals don't care about the little people. It wasn't a religion issue.
yeah just like conservatives always pushing religion on folks who prefer not to practice it. It is an issue
easy there cowboy
Stats on gun use (Lott,Kleck,FBI,etc.) Just pointing out one is responsible for one's own actions. It's not government.
those low life libs need to be called out on all they're phony demagoguery! They're all total traitors to America!
And you are a shining star of freedom
@Rockprincess818 it's just democrats no one takes them seriously
65 million did nimrod
@SharonMcCutchan Stick it in them and break it off Ted. Hypocrites need to be called out.
I agree...the Left is only concerned about their right to tear an innocent child from its womb! Hideous!
@FestusWalker Yep, that's the left!pic.twitter.com/4O0vOVw3Cp
@TheresaLovely23 Don't forget letting illegals get away with rape, murder, drunk driving, welfare fraud etc. Etc
The level of hypocrisy has reached an ALL time high
@sammymbausa Democrats also complain of corporate welfare. Corporations at least create jobs. How about Est Politician Welfare?
@sammymbausa ask democrats last time they gauged success on how many (little guys) they got off welfare and food stamps.
Save the Bill, Senator. Please save it.
. What do Dems in this country really stand for? Makes me wonder most of the time...
@AmericanMom2 HAD YOU NOT VOTED to FUND OCARE after shutting down the GOV for 24hrs the sisters wouldn't HAVE OCARE! #TwoFaced
@gardenofthegods forcing children to have men in thier rest rooms...
Right on!!!! #StandwithTed . #confirmgorsuch
Amen! Loved your closing line in this clip about judge's proper role. Ted Cruz for SCOTUS!
@JayWeber3 As you know the Dems have looked out for the little guy..Obama care-Millions to Iran-Plutonium deals from Russia humm
@wtallen33 The Dems have a weak hand.
good job Senator Cruz
Dems are such total hypocrites.
@MagaForeva @POTUS @FoxNews scary people. I know some. Angry bullies. #MAGA
oh please...the Sisters wanted to deny contraceptive coverage to their paid employees. Also Catholic Church ain't the little guy
Right on
the problem with telling lies for political gain is that eventually those lies make the teller look like a hypocrite or partisan
@ToKoCCA Defining LIBERAL MENTAL ILLNESS: Always accusing your opponent of the wrong u do & only acknowledge the facts u like.
That's Trump to a T!
@EWErickson LOL who forced their religious beliefs on their employees.
On the one hand Ted thinks a Catholic charity is above the law, on the other he thinks a judge should uphold that law. Hmmm...
Pretty sure Democrats are the new definition of HYPOCRISY...it just never ends with them!pic.twitter.com/8iRuMQW4Li
TY Senator Cruz. The EVIL of the democrats & their RINO partners NEVER CEASE to amaze me.pic.twitter.com/Oidl3RtVlv
These 2 make Bonny and Clyde look like naughty school kids.The amount of blood on their hands
@EWErickson SenCruz has accomplished nothing since been in the Senate so wat he says is largely irrelevant
Fixed it for you: "For forcing their religious beliefs on others."
Thank you for speaking up and telling it like it is upholding the laws
@EWErickson are they "Borking" him?? Feel like some questions are meant to trip or gotcha
@justicenow503 maybe u aut to teach trump how to follow the laws of the constatution and also how to be a more grasious HB
My greatest disappointment in this election is that this man is not President.
I could not agree with you more. Hopefully he will run again.
@TheDemocrats; 8 years DESTROYING "little guy" abroad w/#FATCA. Deem ALL tax cheats, want fair share of tax pd 2 nation they DO NOT LIVE IN
Its time for a Justice that makes decisions based on The Constitution. Its not the job of SCOTUS to write laws
@MQSullivan GO SIR GO! You are EXACTLY where you should be. WE NEED YOU THERE w/ @POTUS
and yet you don't want others to live as their religious beliefs lead them.. You sir are not the Christian you claim to be
Democrats shameful hypocrisy and plain nasty is crystal clear at Judge Gorsuch hearing more than any other.
@VickyBrush Great point!!
in an ideal world, he'd be President although certainly I am not complaining since it isn't Hillary...
@harleynana16 We want these dems to be held accountable. We want them in prison. Theft, corruption, & greed They have cells wtng
@TexasGOP even if this was true how does that help with Gorsuch not looking out? Stop with the petty ass tit for tat crap
@USAneedsTRUMP As usual, you are good, Sir.
Says the man who sold his soul to @realDonaldTrump for power. Where's yr righteous indignation re Trump lies about yr father?
how do you know they were lies, but it was not the Senator he is clean
lied re Obama Flynn lied in to @VP about being paid by Turkey Sessions lied in confirmation hring
Praying for you
EXCELLENT Recollection ... nailed it
Are you ever going to remember your constituents? Not GOP or cameras, but constituents? #2018 @CastroSenate Time for Change
Thank you for pointing this out to the hypocritical dems!
#MerrickGarland deserved a HEARING. Dems can say whatever the fuck they want. It's on McConnell.
all hail the puppet judge
@USAneedsTRUMP I don't like him, but he has a point.
Bravo, Senator! Expose all of them for the hypocrites they are. @SenTedCruzhttps://twitter.com/sentedcruz/status/843901733835231232 …
Dems accuse Gorsuch of not looking out for "the little guy” - while they spent 8 yrs attacking Little Sisters of the Poor for relig beliefs pic.twitter.com/bSeE5OEjeY
@THETXEMBASSY Ted you're the best, that's why we love you.
@sassysassyred Dems they all need to be tested for rabies I think they have all went crazy
Gorsuch does not such thing. There is 1 ex of this and the law fell on Gorsuch's side. STOP LYING
Nope. No supreme court appointment until this administration can prove they legally won the election.
we did, get over it, get help frm your physician new meds in the market
With Putin and Russia's help. Why is the impeachment taking so long?
Ted Cruz is 1 quick witted man - this comment was a good one.
That wasn't about religion; it was about healthcare. But then, you knew that. My care should not be dictated by ANYONE'S faith--
--except my own.
HYPOCRISY IN ACTION!
Hope you're prepared to go back to private practice, @SenTedCruz where you'll have to buy your own heath insurance.
After the shit GOP pulled w/ Judge Garland you can't complain about anything the Dems do when it comes to the SCOTUS nomination.
Cruz!! #confirmgorsuch
@NamVet50 Hopefully with Sen Cruz's strong voice he'll tame those two Shrews Sens Feinstein &Blumenthal. #BaselessDelayTactics
hope so, they still think they won the elections
Hard to figure, isn't it Ted?
THere is NO constitutional mandate to "look out" for ANYONE. PAY YOUR OWN DAMNED BILLS.
Dear Senator Cruz: Thank you for standing for Americans, for our deep, heart-sure belief in the "ought." I voted for you.
go Ted we need you for our fight !!!
"What about babies in the womb"? Dems: "Oh, we didn't mean THAT little".
PREACH! @SenTedCruz
preach Ted! Thank you!!
You endorsed a religious test for #Refugees during the primaries. You're no champion of religious freedom. #christiansupremacist
@Lindaco74692732 And then there's that!!! Mike drop!!!
This isn't about Dems. This is about Gorsuch and whether or not he will uphold the law for -every- citizen
separation of church and state Teddy! No vote is in order here. You won't get my vote, hypocrisy at its finest.
Ted You're An Ass
what's in the law is what matters. Nothing else matters and he's the one to do just that... THE LAW THE LAW
@mercedesschlapp Good going Ted, you nailed it!!
@surfermom77 Well say d senat God bless
Thank you Senator Cruz!!!! Amen!!
@ReaganBattalion We need a #SCOTUS judge who will adhere to the #Constitution the way the Founding Father's intended! #Gorsuch
Both Dems and Repubs have used as pawns for years. Don't act like your shit don't stink.
Truth! Keep up the good work Sen
While you were an 'originalist' that refused to have a hearing on Garland b/c you're a scared snowflake. Trump lost by 3 million
of illegal aliens voting with the Demorats blessings
Lol you Trumpsters are delusional
Vote NAY to Gorsuch. He is far too radical to be placed on our Supreme Court.
The people were just not smart enough to elect this guy . Cruz was is and always has been the real deal .
So real he let 45 badmouth his family snd went crawling to 45
Good points, we need you as a judge
@GOPjenna total hypocrites- do they ever have an original thought or always ugly talking points- obstruct at every. Turn
Your original thought is?
He nailed it
investigate trump now impeach him
if you want to talk about the past, how about that Merrick Garland?
The Little Sister of the Poor were trying to hurt little guys.
@flgal4trump Red needs to take his meds. Who is he today?need a program card to follow him. Ugh
TED needs to
@AlbertGoldie Mr Cruz your association with the Mercers tells everyone what they need to know about you That's not a good thing
The Mercers are Trump donors. They bought Breitbart, who then demonized Ted as dishonestly as Salon does.
so he's just stupid
If you wanna keep telling yourself that, go 4 it. He's not stupid which is why he makes libs apoplectic.
Repubs agree that you are a waste of our time - what have you done for the little guy bro?
selective indignation by the Dems, nothing new!!!
That's what they do best. Malcontents, sore losers, blind following blind.
@Oma8612 have no religious beliefs their belief is they are right everyone else is wrong
excellent point- they bullied the Sisters unmercifully!
WAY TO GO TED !!! DONT LET UP
trite response. There are serious problems w #gorsuch. He was an executive branch lackey and risks essential rights. #itsatrap!
Weak, Ted. Very weak.
God how you love those dear Little Sisters.
Cruz missile fired into Gorsuch hearing yielding many Democratic casulties. Congress passes laws Judges uphold
@Rockprincess818 go senator go
Grasping for straws. Try harder.
Thanks Mr Cruz. You nailed it about the judges role and the law.
that's because the Dems are disgusting hypocrites
at least Dems are talking with Gorsuch. You wouldn't even acknowledge Garland!
Don't think so Ted. A country of religious freedom cannot favor one religion over the other. You know better. #amendment1
Kudos for pointing out the hypocrisy that is the Democratic Party
Ask Gorsuch about his church, and their support for homos and abortion. He sounds like a damn liberal.
Episcopalian now, but raised Catholic . His rulings have been constitutionally sound. Have faith~
This is such a weird twisting of reality. Also "little" in their name doesn't = the little guy
BREAKING - Ted Cruz stands up for the poor. #trumprussia
No. All Americans should expect to not have others' religious beliefs forced on them.
but we should be able to choose to have religious beliefs and should not be infringed either. It goes both ways
thank you Noel you are so rigjt
YES. WAY TO GO. YOU TELLEM TED. I LOVE IT. TELL THEM LIKE IT IS. WHOOOOO PATRIOTS STICKING TOGETHER.
No the GOP used the little sisters as pawns.
They sued for their own rights lol not the GOP on their behalf @SenTedCruz
Little sisters of the poor? The GOP has attacked ALL the poor. , and all Muslims, Rastas, and others for their religious beliefs
#whataboutism Stick to today's topic, please.
can't you take anything seriously? This is actually important. Not he said/she said crap. What is wrong with you?
, and the bakers and the florists and the pizza restaurant, etc. all little guys.
Comrade @SenTedCruz @JoyAnnReid after listening to live #trumpgate you finally provide a belly laugh ! "little" is the only commonality-dumb
#TiredOfTed #No2Ted2018
Leave your manhood at the door Senator! Your a pathetic excuse for a man! Help the man who insulted your wife and dad! SHAME!
@ReaganBattalion I heard Dems like Meals On Wheels too. What a bunch of school yard bullies
You are against feeding 500,000 vets plus others?
Well that was useless testimony. How about you just shut up from here on out and let the adults talk?
keep up the great work Senator!
You spent 8 years obstructing Obama...real proud of that huh? You're an idiot...leave Congress when your term is up, punk
not a judges job to look out for anyone
Ted, how about a country where we don't legislate religious beliefs (aka the constitution). Sound ok?
You can't force your beliefs on other people just because you give them a job. That is not religious freedom.
false equivalency is false and the sign of a lazy argument.
Maybe if Democrats would stop accusing everyone so much, they might have the respect they used to have years ago.
did we want another eight years of this crap if they repeal NAFTA they'll be jobs they'll be Healthcare
Check again huckleberry.
pic.twitter.com/gLsMpzsBfm
.@SenTedCruz alternate caption: increasing isolated Canadian man whining in public again...
