Wrong Ted
What is wrong with the most of you people that commented on this post. you have NO IDEA what u are talking about and just want to post HATE!
Refrain from the HATE and comment something constructive!! HELPFUL NOT HATEFUL, PLEASE!
Unless you’re sick. Then your premiums will spike.
That happens every year

These associations are a better choice for many Americans
Just the healthy ones.
I didn't realize you'd looked into it
Perhaps you should as well.
If you cannot afford traditional  insurance, wouldn't this help?   What about our college age kids who don't need much HC?
Is it right to ask the young who have little income to pay the healthcare for those for those who have greater income & years of assets?
This isn’t about assets. It’s sick v healthy.  Healthy will flock to cheaper,  less comprehensive/regulated plans. Leaving the sick with...
My pre-existing condition says otherwise. I still have the denial letters before #obamacare now, my meds will be over 9k per month.
Yes boss of bless big government 4 base ted cruz amen
If you don't have a pre-existing condition.  If you do, you're screwed just like me.  Thanks Ted & @GOP Time for change @BetoSenate2018
Unemployed and self employed has always needed these associations.  I don't know why they can't just set one up for the "Americans"
It will be unemployment for you!  Do not keep supporting this crazy ass man.
Sick of you and other Rinos that have done zip for the last 8 years and royally screwed the American peeps.Blab is all you accomplish.Lazy 
You are wrong!
Religious, eh? Think taking everything away from Americans is a spiritual act? U will rot in hell with tRuml when this is over
Junk insurance is back, the big con resumes
tRump was right when he called u lying Ted ......and he's lying tRump
Can't you quickly set up an association of say "American Citizens" as a 2018 HC Assoc for all.Starting with guidelines frm an existng big Co
POTUS has decided to kill people. thx Ted. no worry. re-election close. YOU MUST LEAVE the SENATE!!
Repeal obomacare then keep the government out of health care. Stop spending our money. Go to a national sales TAX or flat tax.
The working middle class should not be shouldering all of this mess.
Now you can have a cheap but worthless policy
The associations they are talking about is JUST LIKE EMPLOYER ins, it has ALWAYS taken prexisting cond at same cost and way cheaper than ACA
I just want insurance to be exactly how republicans want it & for it to happen overnight, no slow reveal. Price now to be set by industry

#russiasanctionsnow 
#25thAmendmentNow
Your True Religion is showing. Worshipping golden calves never ends well
Really and then pull the rug by ending insurance subsidies?? Executive overreach Senator Cruz @robportman
BS!  Premiums will go up and this will destabilize the market.  Hypocrite.
Yay for coverage with 10k deductibles that don’t cover prescriptions or you if you have pre-existing conditions.
Please tell our Democrat Govenor in Penna @GovenorTomWolf that we need some too!
Reading the comments here, VERY scary! Folks know NOTHING about FREE markets!
Get rid of individual mandate
You and @gop own Trumpcare now.  Shameful
Your insurance premiums are about to go up 100 fold!   The #GOP and the pu$$y grabber are hard at work!
Texas could also just stop the premiums from skyrocketing by expanding Medicaid.
Quit sabotaging the ACA. #LoseCruz2018
Don't act like it's not ur fault. Increase in premiums is absolutely due to your poor ability to take care of the citizens of TX.#beto2018
I am an HTX resident and have had my premiums double, then Humana dropped me when they left TX entirely. Now BCBS is dropping my policy for a "new" one (no details yet). I have made zero claims in 6 years. ZERO. It's a total mess!
They are only suffering because the republican governor would not take the subsidies. You all were playing political games with lives. 2018
Umm, I'm guessing thats not true and would dare to take you to task to back up your statement...but then again you lie for a living
Lyin’ Ted still lyin’.
Too bad you didn't do same for over 100,000 Veterans you let die on your watch TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz No Green Eggs or Ham for them
Yes, now they can buy insurance that will not cover anything. Good job to destroy Ocare!
Isn't that their stupidly maddening point!! They do not really care about the people
ins companies are having a field day..racking up huge profits at citizen's expense...we have no power to negotiate for lower premiums
Except it did the opposite in TN, and it won't work in TX.
Says lyin' Ted
I live in Texas and I work, my employer based insurance is outrageous, I’d like to know where or how any of u have affordable care now?
Why are the lives it has saved being ignored? Are they that insignificant that money comes before them?
And we #Texas seniors in the gap will be shut out completely.  You must be proud of that 
So your implying that those premiums are going to drop or is it more accurate to say you are now going to get cheap worthless policies?
What will it do for people who buy junk insurance and get sick with a condition that's not covered?
Hospitals and cities will provide "charity" care. NOT Congress @rob Portman @SenJohnMcCain @POTUS
Wow they cover chemotherapy or organ transplants for free? Why would anyone have insurance if that was true?
And a disaster for older Americans
Keep up the good work Sen Cruz; we are for you; MAGA! Deport DACA and all illegals
Ted, where do you think the Ins Co will make that money back ?  Are you that stupid ?  Everyone else's premium are going to go up...
You graduated from Princeton U ?  Geez
Wrong. It negates the functions that made insurance affordable & screw some 20M of us w/pre-existing conditions under 65
I beg you as a constituent to stop associating Your genocidal war on poor and ailing with Texas...just go off & remain GOP Senator-at-Large
#HelpPuertoRico #PeopleAreSuffering
Liar
Fasten your seatbelts, Texas!

Cruz is a weasel.

A fundamental overhaul of our tax code is a daunting task. Americans deserve real #taxreform  http://bit.ly/2fzSJc4 

No to trump's EO,  a rip off.  25th Amendment
Sure cheaper and no coverage...thanks!
Higher premiums
He will be out of office by then.  2018
Thank you for staying on point @SenTedCruz
Not Texans with preexisitng conditions or women who may become or are pregnant.
So now we will have Trump care so if it goes wrong this is your plan you won't be able to blame all on Obama
I'm excited to see the products that the insurance companies will be offering.
Except for those over 40 or those with preexisting conditions. But screw them anyway!! He was right you are Lying Ted Cruz!!
Crawl out of trumps butt and pay attention to your oath.
Thank you for having @realDonaldTrump ‘s back! We the people will remember your loyalty!
In 2018 when u r voted out
Unless they get sick and find out that their plans don't cover anything useful.

Yo! @SenTedCruz ...would u hate it so much if it wasn't named "Obamacare"? .  We have a moral obligation 2 ensure hlth care. God knows!
Really? U keep trying 2 push yr Republican deathplan in us. U could pass this 3 tunes. U think the 4th will b the luck winner ? NOT
But they do not have to Trump is doing this by executive action. Does not need Congress! #overreach
you criticized Clinton through 2016 and took advantage of my disinterest in politics I hold you personally accountable....
More plans with less coverage. Great job Teddy.
More costs,  less coverage
Better put in big penalties for those who guilty of fraud. Every crook in the business will put together an association.
?
Because, cheap plans that don't offer coverage help everyone.  How much longer do you think you can get away with your lies.
Thanks Ted for doing your part to help us with these insane rate increases.
THIS BILL MUST END- WILL YOU HELP?  - 10 GOP traitors. Covert ANTI-2nd Amendment bill. EVERYONE Start calling now.
Another bad idea that will increase costs for millions.  You won't be happy until healthcare is rationed by ability to pay.
Tell your lies to someone else I sure as hell don't believe you!!!
Another nutjob killing us all eventually..
Go shine Trump's shoes coward. #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendment
will u put that in writing Ted @texasdemocrats @indtx36 @indivisibletxjc @TxBlackDemocrat @DFWIndivisible @MSNBC
Dude!  What are you smoking?
Why is the senate off? Shouldn’t you people be at work?
But I bet it's driving the Democraps and RINOS KRAZY!
You have no idea what you arr talking about.
Ted Cruz’s Twitter and the mainstream appeal of incest porn http://nydn.us/2y0bAAD 
And Trump is an even worse monster 
Let's not forget "Katie" from http://justiceforkatie.com  who is on record saying Trump raped her when she was 13

https://vimeo.com/176181706 
You must really despise real Texans.

No thanks to Congess!! Trump isn't scared like Congress to stand up to the 's!
Pay for your porn Ted!!!
LMAO

GOP tax plan actually raises taxes on millions of middle-class families by repealing the state and local tax deduction, a real Trump Tax.

In 2015, 23% of Texans took the State and Local Tax Deduction, and the average deduction was $7,823 #TrumpTax

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 

Whoa. Here the WH admits the exec order will  premiums,   taxpayer costs, and screw unsubsidized people with pre-existing conditions. 

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
You're a liar, this will hurt those that need it the most.
Who??? Not me? Working, middle class, over 50?? Obamacare quadrupled my premiums and deductibles, please do research first.
Lying Ted

Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Lyin Ted
You owe me a beer
