#USCG This Coast Guard helicopter crew from Air Station #Clearwater evacuated 67 people today during #HurricaneHarvey relief operations. 
It's a toss up between you and Maxine!
Then there you are reducing funding in these vital public functions. Hypocrisy and just avoiding facts.
Trump is no great president he has no damn clue to deal with disasters .  He has others who are capable to handle it.   All Trump is drama
DON'T TRUST FEMA
U don't have to don't accept their help if it http://comes.you  r not forced to.
Already set up and they r in every state in the u
S, they r for us, when the new world order hits, look it all up!! DOCUMENTATION PROOF
That's absolutely false and even when I look it up there is only national enquirer like news related to it. You are not telling factual info
Factual, my father is a truck driver, and has seen them look up concordance, of FEMA camps
As sonic often says in super smash bros "your to slow"
@USCGSoutheast our president is campaignin in Missouri touting tax reform and immigration...unbelievable
We need increased funding for FEMA to help those devastated by Harvey.  We don't need FEMA funds cut to build a wall that won't stop anyone
Have there been any rescues in Port Arthur? Twitter feed shows people have been trapped since last night. Please show progress if possible
@USCGSoutheast Ickx
.
get rid of your ''camps'' and i'll trust you.
I pray for all the living,the souls that died&all who are helping.God Bless the coast guard, our Potus, V.P.&all coming from everywhere.

I believe that the only time American get together and support one another is during he a natural disaster
@POTUS
First responders have been magnificent
V P, please, ask ur boss to stop talking about crowd size when visiting hurricane victims. He doesn't have to be perfect, but just empathic.
Thank you to USCG and all volunteers coming together during disastrous times. Reminds me of the USA I once knew. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you to USCG and all the courageous people who Volunter assisting during this horrible tragedy.
It's great weather today! Perfect for @POTUS @realDonaldTrump to activate the entire #NDRF! @USDOT @SecElaineChao @TXMilitary @FEMA #MARAD
Way to go Cajun navy, and coast guard. You show what is best about America!
And thanks for proposing a n $875million cut to FEMA and millions more from TSA. @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP Keeping America Safe. NOT
Robert Muller is a traitor to American citizens. He is part of the deep state that is out to destroy America
@USCGSoutheast why is our butt brain President giving a speech about taxes and immigration when the biggest disaster in this country
Thank you! For all your hard work to save lives we us the people couldn't done it without you. We love you so much.
Thank you Mr. President you are doing an awesome job.
Each disaster gives us lessons from which FEMA has been extremely responsible to take on board.
Private citizens did far more than any government agency, and did so much more efficiently.

I knew u would after all I had voted u in because I knew u would u could do a great job ... And we needed to get Clinton out
Ty President Trump ... Helping all of these people before & After Great Job ... Even being under the stress u still pulled through
I wish FEMA had a stronger air collaboration or efforts for reservist
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/fema/status/902518961429991424 … (Ranked 2nd for Aug 29.)
Prayers are with I all , come together in love and help one another!! GOD bless you
Why thank someone who is going to cut your funding?
Thank you USCG! My family forever!
So when do you plan the budget cuts for FEMA COASTGUARD AND DESTRY THE NFIP WITH PRIVATIZATION for you TAX CUTS  for THE rich. YOU BAD
We help all the other countries where are they lining up to help us oh yeah I forgot they don't
Prayers for all!
And you can add all the wonderful volunteers that have stepped up to help with the thousands of rescues
FEMA wasn't referring to you, Trump.
Nice job Coast Guard, thanks for serving!
Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!!
POTUS  is doing an excellent job, they were in it before the storm.
United States Coast Guard, the least heralded and most heroic part of our military.  These guys risk their lives everyday on our shores!!!
God bless coast guard
Battle On...
That's what leader's do. Lead
With hurricane sandy fixing roads & infrastructure is not pork. Saying otherwise is a lie. Hope E coast senators are more generous than you.
I support the way this admin is handling the rescue effort so far. Hope that HARDCORE politics are not standing in the way. #TexasStrong
God bless ALL who help others during (and after) this crisis 
ISAIAH thanks

Here's Pence quoting Matthew 7:25 while urging Congress not to fund Katrina relief effort. Can't get any more phony. 
他人事ではありません。被災された方々にお見舞い申し上げます。早くハリケーンが去ります様に。〜〜













They are always a big help in emergencies, they don't get enough credit for their efforts.  Thank you USCG !!!!
Keep it up.  Awesome response time @POTUS. #SAVINGLIFES

Just talked to friend sticking it out in flooded #Friendswood suburb of #Houston.Said rescue efforts are great Thanks to pros& volunteers
Uncle Sam will reach for rescue,go ahead man.
Where is the love for our people? No one cares if we get invaded. China isn't small. Like arm the people President give people a chance.
pretty good job I guess... what's greater is the work Antifa is doing protecting America from fascists.
Thanks for your support Comrade Paul
And a lot of team members doing heroic work around the clock are members of #LGBTQ community.
This is the America I'm from and Love
Thank you for all your help.
Well done @Texas, @POTUS @FLOTUS, #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Where's Marco Rubio in all this? He screwed the residents after Sandy hit.
OMG!
Thank you from Texas
FEMA is great right now, but wait till the claims start coming in. That will be where the rubber meets the road.
#TXnotWall
Thank YOU as well for all that you've been doing.
A big thanks to GOD for all those not judging but risking life, limb saving life's, giving HOPE! Please MEDIA, HAVE A LITTLE GRACE!

Video: “Katrina breaks my heart...but we must not let Katrina break the bank for our children & grandchildren” Mike Pence-2005 #ImpeachTrump 
@SenTedCruz the his is the America I ove
GREAT JOB @POTUS SO HAPPY YOU ARE HANDLING THIS YOU SIR SRE THE BEST
Right on guys.
And thank you
Get the FLIR BIRDS, ON STATION, with your "Ground" and SEA Recources...in Communications..Get, BIRDS Looking 4, ways 2 get The CC Evacuated
OBTW. CC=Convention Center in HOU...The "Fire Marshall" is "Asleep"? GET THEM OUT..2 CORPUS...OR NW....LIKE NOW..NOT "Tomorrow"
Go Fema
An awesome response to the most serious weather storm ever in our country.
Amen, Everybody is doing a GREAT JOB. God Bless
How about those transgender coast guards helping?
God bless all the helpers in Houston!
Thank you for all you do! FEMA you have such an important role in American's lives! Bless you all!
Keep up the good work and stay safe. You can't help if you're not smart.
Too bad the #WorstPresidentEver doesn't accept Mexico's offer to assist, like the did during Katrina #HarveyRelief
Don't know where you get your info but the Cal's are the oh one that helped in Katrina.  Mexico didn't do squat.
But if you're a Drumpf supporter you must think everything is "fake news" unless he says it.
Trump wants to take money away from the Coast Guard for a Mexican Border wall.
67 WOW HEROS AL.
Coast Guard doing the mission everyday.
God Bless America! And all thoes great people helping in any way they can. God Bless our President!
Thank you for an incredible response. Thank you from Houston
God Bless this beautiful country we have of American heros

I think Pence was right on his comments.  The Mississippi Gulf Coast put our money together to fund the disaster.
The Trumpets are getting so desperate for a win, they are grasping at straws. Tip, Everything was in place long before Dummy was elected.
So good to see great Americans working together..rep ..dems..white..black and yellow! The 49 states should follow! #maga
Where is Ryan and 45. Obama was touring all disasters. Even if it was a drive by shaking a few hands. They are both disgusting
Obama was playing golf! Trump was just there!
Yes THANK YOU
Thank you all for the tremendous aid you have been giving and will continue to give in Texas. Love & Peace to ALL!
God bless all 1st alert rescuers
It's their job which they're good at.  Please tell us again why you slashed their budget little Donnie.
Good
45* wants to cut FEMA and other disaster relief funding.
Colorado was ready, drive there and got sent back home
Our true leader
Let's get together as1 stop all this hate god bless Texas and the USA thanks FEMA
 this is the way all Americans should think, bravo Anthony
Thanks to the USCG and all the other wonderful people who have and continue to help with rescues.
Excellent job all around. Way to lead a disaster response, President Trump! Thank you!
Our leader is the best all he does even though he's attacked publicly every minute of every frkn day!
Conservation camps
Sure is a good thing that the Coast Guard cuts trump wanted didn't happen.
@fema How can we apply to help with calls for those needing help?
Semper Paratus fellow Coasties and rescuers.
What are the circs here? Ankle deep water with spectators holding umbrellas? Hardly a helo stokes basket "rescue"
Given how useful the Coast Guard is, why does the President's proposed budget call for reducing their funding?
Words cannot express America's gratitude for your unwavering commitment to serve and protect! Semper Fidelis and may God be with you all.
Thank you!
SAD,FLOOD IF CAN,LEAVE LARGE CITIES,TO RURAL HIGHER GROUND,NEAR OCEAN,DANGER.
Fantastic how everyone is working so hard to save others everyone just comes together that's the American way our president is to draw 
Thanks guys your doing a great job
Glad TX GOP decided to support funding now that it's needed in TEXAS.  (Unlike Sandy) Hypocrites! Let's support Harvey relief as a nation!
You are misinformed. TX GOP did support funding but the dems attached pork spending. Dem majority wouldn't pass stand alone bill.
Thanks to all the men and women of Coast Guard, u make us proud.
Keep up the good work guys you're doing good thank goes to FEMA not Ryan
God bless them all!!!!!!
I don't believe Ryan any more. He doesn't speak for the people of America anymore.
None of our republican senators should get their pay and their health care subsidies should stop!
This is America United.  This is what we are all about and what we have been losing in past decade.  This shows we are proud Americans.
You don't like Mexico because they're brown people. If a wall was  that crucial you'd DEMAND Canada build one. It's all abt racism, don't do
Didn't Trump just cut funds a few days ago?
Thank you from Houston.
Kudos!
God bless you all
These are true heroes who come to the aid of anyone in need without question of distinction. The world needs to pause and witness true valor
Credit goes to those in the trenches
Credit should go to those in trenches @WhiteHouse @VP @FLOTUS @Pontifex @realDonaldTrump @JoeNBC @nowthisnews @
Thank for your efforts
We appreciate everything y'all do! I am so proud of Texas too!
Us Texans take care of one another!  We thank the military & govt, but also our own abilities to help one another
Thank you!!
This is only Before the real storm , troubles are yet to come ..
People been doing good job help another and keep safe
I looks like u ate doing a great job

Video: “Katrina breaks my heart...but we must not let Katrina break the bank for our children & grandchildren” Mike Pence-2005 #ImpeachTrump 
Yeah where the he'll have you guys been you should have been mobilized last Friday instead of sitting having meetings
Then why won't you accept Mexico's help? Good God man, we need it! You try being here and see.
