@ADLeVier You need to stand behind @POTUS and pass the house bill.Then work on the improvements.
Wrong, it's paramount that our elected representatives keep their promises. We were promised #FullRepeal
Your opinion, this needs to be done now.Do you really think Dems are going to help pass a brand new bill?
#FullRepeal as promised, can be done on the CR with 51 votes. We have 54. We don't need any Dem's.
Your do for a new Healthcare bill.
You repell then beg Dems to support 
Not going to happen, OCARE destroyed HC
If you push this you lose all the voters who were promised #FullRepeal. We hold the majority- do it now.
Tell you what 40 congressmen, and 5 Senators is not a majority. You have a real fine day, I trust @POTUS
I want repeal-as promised- w/ the budget reconciliation & that only takes 51 votes. Trust is earned.
.@SenTedCruz and a return to the high risk pools we had pre-ACA is a return to sky-high premiums without the individual mandate
You do realize that for millions premiums went up double and triple. I haven't been able to afford insurance.
absolutely. Mine did the same. What I object to is that there's nothing about "Ryancare" that addresses that.
you should actually honor the people and work to make the #ACA even better...
That would be like spraying perfume on a cow patty.
how about honoring the constitution? Emolument clause. Ties to Russia. I could go on.
You could but all it would do is solidify your status as a gullible know nothing.
how is your health insurance?  Want to trade??
No one wants the crap insurance the Dems forced down our throats. I and others lost the ins O promised we'd keep
I agree. It's not suitable either but I'm used to universal coverage.  You would thin America is great enough?
OR better yet repeal Obama care and replace it with ACA your voters will never know the difference.
what are you going to replace it with? Here's an idea...
GIVE US WHAT YOU GOT!
Who's it gonna be in 2018?
and we shud do it NOW!
,complete repeal first then replacemebt
In increments if necessary
honor us with your presence at a town hall. If we ask really nicely would you come?
you should honor what the American people really need, equal access to quality healthcare for all. Forget the party line!
Ted how about letting the tax payer in on your health plan? We pay for your plan did you forget that?
Now!
Give us a replacement before you repeal.  Do the work and not the rhetoric.
.@SenTedCruz expanding HSAs only benefits the wealthy who can afford to use them.
.@SenTedCruz I see you are utterly uninterested in the opinions of your constituents and in ensuring we have access to affordable healthcare
#repeal of@Obamacare and go back to what we had!!' Marketplace decides!! Where's major medical options.  Choose your coverage!
no
good idea!!! 
You didn't promise to help all Americans.  Just those who could line your pockets.
You are confusing him with Hillary and Obama.
douchebag.
Why should you honor this promise when you have not kept so many others? BTW, Obamacare saved my family after 3 layoffs.
We, the people of the United States, do not want you to repeal the Affordable Care Act. You do not appear to be listening.
there's a reason Donald Trump is president and it's not because he is great. It's cuz his competition was TERRIBLE.
But Dems have always been terrible.   People just finally realized it. They always promise but never deliver. Gruber
honor the promise of working for the people instead of your rich friends. Also, stop hiding Russia's involvement with election.
I will work SO HARD to make sure you are defeated next year.
and we will work harder to make sure he is elected
And soon
yes letting millions of American die bc they have no health care. I hope u can sleep at night as a Christian I sure can't.
oh shut up
Ahem...65 million(I rounded down for you) people voted against repeal.  FYI.
yeah but half
Of them were illegals
Oh sweetie your ignorance is showing! From ur feed I'm guessing English isn't your 1st language & what, a D in math? Go away
Actually, I don't think the American People I hear at these Town Hall meetings want that promise honored...
ummm.  could you repeat that promise?  a "cheaper, better, more comprehensive" health plan?
There was a time when Republicans believed in the freedom of choice and the free market. Full repeal but help the truly hurting.
you should honor Americans by ensuring they have affordable healthcare like any other first world country. Fix it, no repeal.
i'm a constituent and i oppose repealing the ACA
Why is there no follow through of the pro life movement to help adoptive children and fragile childten?
love that your doing so much. The Senate needed you
Taking away their healthcare will honor the Republican promise to big business at the expense of the American People.
you keep forgetting to say replace after repeal. Or are you not forgetting at all.
No sir! Honor the Bible and remember that what you do to the least of them is what you do to Christ!
No Sir!!  The ACA saved my life. You have free healthcare because of my taxes. Do not take away mine !!!
Don't forget about Prosecuting Hillary. The laws should apply to everybody equally.
What if no one actually wants you to fulfill that promise?
Yeah what is 20 million or so out of insurance. You have yours.
I am grateful for your principles and your courage to stand up to the entrenched establishment. Keep the boots off our necks!
how about a town hall to talk with your constituents?  You do work for us!
You should honor the healthcare needs of your constituents.  #TownHall
You've had 6 years to design something better and you've got nothing. Improve don't repeal and leave millions w/o coverage!
there are a lot of promises not honored by Congress  let this be one of them
you will not loose your coverage......    #fullDisclosure
( care)How can you even work with someone who belittled you so badely on the campaign trail?
☆●☆ BREATHE of fresh air ☆●☆
okay, so what's your solution?  I can see the GOP salivating from Houston.....as they sell their souls
No.
thank you for being so vocal and supporting President Trump!
pretty sure that promise involved a replacement
You/the GOP tried repealing ACA 52 times!!! Why don't you have something ready to go now???
Even if the majority of the people don't want you? You are so out of touch, Ted. Have a town-hall and reacquaint yourself.
Ted, ur too stupid for words. https://www.forbes.com/sites/dandiamond/2015/03/05/five-years-ago-they-called-obamacare-a-job-killer-heres-what-they-say-now/#39f7e39e3214 …
I am with you all the way Ted, You will always have myself and my wife's support Win big!
Go get em Ted!
#proudofmypresident
: YES, but #Congress and @GOP need to help make #HealthCare, #Medications & #Insurance more #affordable in the #process.
even if it's not what the American people want, eh?
Penalizing people who can't afford health insurance  is unconstitutional
the majority of the American people didn't vote for your party!
No!  Nobody wants that, not even the people who voted for Trump wout realizing the hell they were imposing. #midterms2018 #ACA
and replace it with....?
it was so rude for what the Den at the end of his speech they ran out not good
that's actually a terrible idea. No one wants to lose coverage protected by ACA
well we can wait and you wont have healthcare and will cost a lot of money with high deductible. Unless u pay a dollar
you've had 7 yrs and you can't even give your President a rough draft? It's sounding like your gonna end up with Trumpbama Care
Only federal protection will save millions unemployed with pre-existing, but we hate Obamacare!!  Help!!
I WANT THE INSURANCE I PAY FOR FOR YOU!  Bring us all into your group.  We pay for it anyway.  What's so hard about that?
Please help new health plans!  HSAs will not work for unemployed!  States lets HIV folks die!
how about honoring moral code, fellow citizens, neighbors, the greatness of who we are as a compassionate people.  TRAITOR
Honor and Horror are such close words. You HORROR the American people.
feed the poor, house the homeless, educate thr children. Lets do the basics first
.@SenTedCruz obviously you haven't been having your town halls. The american people would tell you they never made that promise.
Pre-existing must be federal, but not Obamacare! States let HIV folks die! No ins. drugs cost $2,500 per mo.
.@SenTedCruz I cannot wait for 2018 when my fellow Texans and I can kick you to the curb.
so ready.
How about your promise to uphold the Constitution?  Investigate Trump. #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS #iamnotpaid 78531
12 million people are making noise the other 330 million are waiting for the repeal without replacement think voting base
Honestly if you can provide something better do it!  But the GOP has t presented anything. You're an embarrassment and sell out!
I promised my kid the tooth fairy was real. I am not making the rest of America suffer because of one person's false beliefs.
why are you tweeting lies while watching #illegitimatePresident #Jointsession
But it was a bad promise to make.
#getgovernmentoutofeducation
and I will honor my promise to not vote for you next year 
- It had better be seemless & affordable & cover pre-existing conditions or it will fail.
U Mean the promise u made to the top 400 Richest families that will benefit a nice $7Million when you repeal with no replacement
.@SenTedCruz think of a better plan first instead of going unprepared, like you did with your presidential campaign
Don't let @RoyBlunt get in the way. @RoyBlunt campaigned on only reforming O'care. Abolish O'care. @mogir @Ike_Skelton
so glad my family members can go back to being denied coverage because of an illness they didn't cause. HSAs are a joke!
what plan. You're just indicating your plan for NOTHING for replacement. Obamacare is great already.
are you even in Washington?
A third of those people thought you wouldn't be repealing the Affordable Care Act, just Obamacare. #idiots
Tweak it a touch and call it trump care.  At least USA wins too.
The Americans dont want a repeal you ass! Give them your health care plan..hows that sound? Repeal = tax break for wealthy
Or you can admit that your opposition was a vile stunt that never had a purpose greater than Naked Power Grab.
no, you should work to help the American people. #ImproveACA
go away
Make it affordable. That all we want.
why don't we get rid of your FREE healthcare and give that money to people who need health insurance
we were also promised #taxreturns too.
You are Dr Teardown, always moving backwards, never building anything.
THANK you !!!
plan?
that would be a disaster!
break the promise. It's okay. I won't be upset with you.
why are you tweeting and not paying attention to your "leader"
Yes, including taking the government out of our insurance...Sadly not too many others that are sitting around you care for that

Shut up, Ted, unless you have a town hall you have no credibility in Texas anymore.
YOU know that's NOT happening!
can I like this 1000X ?
#FullRepeal
you should stop being a punk who now supports potus.
what's the plan senator?
let's also repeal your govt health care and pension and all the benefits your sucking from the teat.
.@SenTedCruz shush, troll. #JointSession
You best start listening to the majority of citizens or you are gonna see blowback like never before sir
and replace it with what?
let's repeal your health plan first with no plan - immediately
shut up Ted.
Put your phone away! The @POTUS is speaking!
PROMISES PROMISES
what's the plan? you still haven't come up with any details
No one likes you @SenTedCruz
Honor?? You dont know what that means.
yes lets do it #MAGA
says the guy with government funded health care. You're welcome
Ted, please go back to Canada.
why start now? None of you live up to the oath of office you took.
