Surprise: In Final Hours in Power, Obama Sent $221 Million to the Palestinians http://ow.ly/wB0B508UgH8 
Why? Palestinians are prima facie evil people? They're an oppressed people who want their own country
no they want Israel's country
@MissyJoM @bruminger @SenTedCruz Palestine has never been a country. Ever.
Genetically proven that Palestinians are not Arabs. They are indigenous population of the area that converted to Islam during Arab conquests
so you are saying they want to restore their country? Which is called Israel? Deal.
No, I'm saying Jewish settlers are in violation of international law and are a barrier to a 2 state solution
but you just said that Palestinians are ancient Jews from ancient Israel. One state solution.
They are. The 2 state solution is the most generous to the jews. If it's 1 state solution the Palestinians will be majority in a generation
@townhallcom Isn't this payment a violation of law? Can the payment be reversed?
It's not. Congress voted for it, then it was held up procedurally by a couple members.
Congress controls the budget. Don't let them fool you onto thinking this wasn't them too.
This is a politicl move against Palestine 4seeking 2join international groups &strengthen state status
@townhallcom thank God he's gone so he can't do more damage
I don't believe Ted Cruz is being entirely honest. The GOP approved this two years ago.
It was on hold bc some reps wanted to punish Palestine for seeking to gain support for it's statehood.
This funding was being held up for political points - both sides voted for it.
Congress has budgetary control. They are full of shit for blaming this on anyone.
So much money going up in smoke ...
Money that Congress voted yes to send. Don't let them play innocent. Ted Cruz is a just another political snake.
@townhallcom did he give congress a reason why? How can he just do that without approval?
Congress voted for it. It was held up by 2 reps. The POTUS is not required to keep hold.
Cruz is ignoring most of the story. This was a political...
... The hold was to punish Palestine for trying to join international groups...
... Which strengthens their goal toward being recognized as a state.
@townhallcom how can he legally?  Take the money back and indict Obama
@townhallcom No Surprise . He did a lot of stuff , manning just don't get it
SORRY HE NIETHER HERE OR THERE YET.THAT SNAKE IS 1/2 FROZEN STILL. DON'T TOUCH IT ALEX GEE NOT THT EASY
nah, fundamentalism is disgraceful. Acting out of blind faith in a nonexistent god is disgraceful. Helping the needy is moral.
@townhallcom Please elaborate as to why exactly you think it's disgraceful to give an oppressed people aid?
Yes, Obama & Kerry are DISGRACEFUL BETRAYORS! History Will Record Them as Traitors of USA & ISRAEL! CF MANEGING PARTNER F&F CPAs
W/Hannity you indicated supporting Trump's Agenda. Distance yourself Schumer Graham McCain & Rubio! CF Maneging Partner F&F CPAs
oh..you mean he didnt ask Congress first??
Truly treasonous-  go get it back. Thats the right thing to do!
@townhallcom Now thatobama isout of office his proPalestinians/anti Israel stance will Bloud&clear!Sickening
@townhallcom If this money were assigned to Israel would your reaction be the same?
Your reaction is the exact frame of a personal bias.
Presidents can send money to whomever they choose without permission from anyone in our government in DC?
@townhallcom C'mon, this could not have been a secret. Fed spending process doesn't work that way, or that fast.
Your right. Ted Cruz is being dishonest.
@  It's more disgraceful that you are avoiding Texans on the phone and in person at your 6 TX offices & in DC #tedcruzismissing
@townhallcom can we get it back??
@townhallcom Why is this disgraceful? After the years of deliberate US stokes on Syria it is fair.
Disgraceful https://twitter.com/townhallcom/status/823957611099914242 …
@townhallcom  Disgusting!
what is disgraceful is you and your offices refusing to meet with your constituents yesterday. Shame on you.
@townhallcom When is Obama going to be tried for treason.
Should we try Congress for treason as well? They passed this in their budget after all.
I'm gonna go with....Obama will be tried for treason when Obama commits treason. Idiot.
How was this treason?
I don't think it is. That previous idiot did.
Lmao. I see now. I parsed the meaning incorrectly. That's my fault. : )
It's okay, they're everywhere!
I just heard from Palestinian side that Trump FROZE that money. Is this true?
This person given me much exercise in emotional self control.  If possible, please do not send money.
@townhallcom dude, you're disgraceful.
What a treasonous action!!
How is this not treason? Aid and comfort to the enemy is the definition and that is PRECISELY what Obama did!
and 3.8 billion to Israel per annum per Sept 16 agreement. Does that not fit into your narrative?
@townhallcom because he is sympathetic to the radical Muslims. They are his brothers.
But Israel gets $3b plus add'tl annually What is disgraceful is ur hatred of Obama and ur obstruction of his policies.
@townhallcom Its a shame he isn't tried as a traitor! He's & his have done all they can 2 destroy the Republic!
- $221,000,000 to the Palestinians is Mr. Obama's legacy.
@townhallcom Cancel the transaction. Let all those Mohammedan countries take those calling themselves Palestinians.
Congress already passed this into their budget. This was them as well.
@townhallcom Obama's blood $ will be used by PLO to buy more weapons to butcher Jews.
Congress voted yes for this as well. Remember, they control the budget. The article explains more.
Absolutely unacceptable !
Thank God hes out! Praying 4 u & Trump 2 stay strong for We the Ppl
Extreme left would have destroyed our country.Thank God GOP in control.Stick together GOP, work together to #MAGA #AmericaFirst
And @SenTedCruz shut the Government down to the tune of 24 Billion Dollars, yes Billion dollars! You talkin' 'bout what? Compare
as your constituent I'd like to know why your staff is refusing to meet with Texans concerned by unqualified Cabinet nominees
@townhallcom - you need to block this payment.
how much money is Sheldon Adelson giving you you money career politician
@townhallcom 
So glad that nightmare is finally over. I know we have a long ways to go. Faith in our government again.
@townhallcom was approved by Republicans why misguide your own base?
btw sir i waited 5 weeks 4 heart appt. Then 7 hrs at va 3 drs 105 vets we need ur leadership!!!
@townhallcom awful! total treason!
You find humanitarian aid to an occupied people disgraceful? You're the disgrace.
@townhallcom ??DISGRACEFUL!?! Good grief, Ted.....you're already sounding like Him!
Obama and Kerry are beyond disgraceful- no words to describe the damage done to our country and Israel. The "enemy" at work.
I wonder what his cut was ?
@coinabs Spending one penny on Palestinians is disgraceful. It goes to terrorism. Obama should be in Gitmo with other terrorists
Funding Islamic terrorists! @SenTedCruz


you must realize that most Palestinians are not bad ppl. They are trapped in a war they can't get out of.
@townhallcom Should be considered a crime against all Americans. Can you do anything to get it back?
@townhallcom No, typical.
@townhallcom Isn't that taxation without representation? He took taxpayer money without permission. Can't we sue him ?
@townhallcom It's disgraceful that your constituents cannot contact you!
yep. But are you surprised?
This is disgraceful.What the democrat party has done to our ally Israel is unacceptable.President Trump & the (R) party will fix
@townhallcom how is that even allowed?
cruz, lets see you're the guy who shuts down the govt when you don't get your way, Disgracful @MoveOn #swapcabinet #resisttrump
why?
Obama just wanted to give a final middle finger to Israel. His family history confirms that he is an anti-semite.  Disgraceful
Unbelievable!
How can he get away with this. Surely there must be some comeback
@townhallcom #alternativefacts
why was this allowed?
Because Congress voted for it.
#Obamas broke laws. He should be locked up forever. Eight wasted years for nothing.
Didn't let Congress off easy. THEY voted yes for this. Remember, they control the budget. This is dishonesty.
@townhallcom 
Absolutely
@townhallcom Ted, you should be in the news everyday
This was passed by Congress 2 years ago. Sad
@vonzion @townhallcom i agree with u on this one
@townhallcom had to offend Israel and increase our debt one last time #IStandWithIsrael #byeObama
Good for Obama. @SenTedCruz
What he did in a diminished capacity is impeachable by law. Congress only is permitted to move funds. Par 4 the course huh Barry
Congress DID pass these funds. It was held up by a hold bc of 2 ppl. The POTUS is not required to obey the hold.
Did you fact check this before putting it out as fact, Senator?
Yeah, he's full of shit. Congrats voted for this. This is more partisan hackery.
gotta help his buddies in Saudi and Palestine.. Who do you think Obama really is?
Why isn't that a surprise? He is a treasonous SOB.
How hypocritical. Congress had already approved this, but held it up for 2 years.
Palestinians are human beings worthy of respect and compassion.
@townhallcom Does this surprise anyone?
lol...coming from a puppet, who got black balled at the RNC and let their wife be humiliated by POTUS.  That's disgraceful shhhh
Totally agree.
been waiting to hear this was real. I hope you can stop it!
You are right...no one every stoppen obama from spending.
@townhallcom Unbelievable!
@townhallcom that could have rebuilt much inner city and paid off the mtg for a bunch of poor elderly.
@realDonaldTrump Why cant this be stopped. Just like any other payment the gov stops?
Because Congress voted for it.
