Screen shot.. her phone was going off soon. Please see if she is rescued yet
Here:
We called there was no help we got rescued but thanks for your "support" https://twitter.com/flettsam/status/901878469113630724 …
You are not in Puerto Rico, sir.
Admittedly clueless. That’s something.

She's been tracking requests for help from people with low battery or can't get through: https://twitter.com/Herringbonez/status/901809054091268096 …
.@USCG Thank you to all the real people actually working to help those in need. Your services are invaluable.

My brother and girlfriend are in the attic of there home. They have been there since Saturday 4902 Wynnewood Drive Houston, Texas 77013
281-464-4851is helicopter attached too. Tell them to wave something.  I've witnessed three helicopters so they are out here. Hope this helps
Pence is a real hypocrite. He voted against helping the victims of hurricane Sandy
Numbers are busy 
Where is the infrastructure?
American citizens and the world should be happy by having a Godly giving President Trump and Vice President  Of American Pence.
Sharing on facebook
Also: Disabled people who need help can call 800-626-4959 for assistance with evacuations.
If you're a member of the disability community affected by Harvey, you can call 800-626-4959 for assistance with evacuations.

@wfaachannel8 28-Aug-2017 6:12 PM Female coanchor broadcast 911 was the only number to call for rescue in Houston. #NotTrue #911overwhelmed
TOO BAD THE COAST GUARD ADMIRAL IS A TRAITOR AND ANTITRUMP
@susancakes1963
My cousins are hanging for their life on top of their roof. Please help. 5829 Reamer St. Houston 77074
They were rescued a few minutes ago. Thank you all volunteers and rescue workers.
Thank the Lord!  God bless
Thank you
I Will Design Clickable HTML Email Signature. If anyone wants this signature, please feel free contact me.
#LivePD
Please put these numbers in your phones
Seeking recommendations for communication since all lines are busy? Elderly grandparents in Houston need evacuation from 77035.
@thechloek
Need help call
Thanks Jen
AWESOME
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/uscg/status/901863774013009920 … (Ranked 1st for Aug 27.)
No racism....just coming together and saving lives...thats the Amercan ppl....not the paid by Sorrow Antifa
USCG has rescued thousands from this terrible storm.  Trump wants to cut the budget for the USCG and use the money for his stupid wall.
Thank you for nothing . Resign !
"WTP" "PRAY FOR YOU ALL".......
@VP  tku for all this Admin is doing to help Harvey vics.
What's wrong Mike, did your boss not like this photo of you looking presidential and doing his job?
Hope and prey everyone is ok .the press criticize trump for using Twitter now it works be safe
I'm not there so no calls from me. Good luck Texas coast guard. Gloucester does 0 ! Tiny tiny pathetic town. Oh my god!
Never! In mass call them . Bad to me! I knew some when lived their rude party animals! Yup
Sorry ,but bad experience w those ones !
Oh ,must have Gloucester Ma. Coast guards ugghhh there doing o
My thoughts are with all those affected by hurricane in Texas. Please stay safe, and may God bless the USCG for their good job.





Love the USCG!  My granddaughter is a proud Coastie!!
We have been trying to contact coast guard, lines are busy. There are 20 people who need rescuing at 12003 Kona Cay Dr. Houston, Tx 77044
Babies and  children need rescuing at this address please send help
HELLO! i will call for you, stay in your location! have they replied yet?
Thanks for sharing
You may have to stay on hold for a minute since they're budgets was cut by 15%
It's really very sad please let us know how we Indians from India can help please
Has anyone else noticed that the Coast Guard misspelled #HurricaneHarvey
Thank you.
@islandboitoi
@Laugh_ImFat  here girl, there are some other numbers in the comments that might help!! 
Great, thank you so much!!!
No problem!! Stay safe and keep us updated! Sending prayers her way.
Will do  thank you
Thanks, for all you do. You're in our hearts and prayers.
Trump put back and double the Coast Guard funds
Deep sympathy with the people of America.
God Bless the US Coast Guard.
PENCE WHY DONT U JUST SEND IN THE NATIONAL GUARDS
WHO HAS 20 MINUTES TO WATCH A WEB PRESENTATION CHANGE YOUR LIFE?!

https://alsami.jeunesseglobal.com/en-US/financial-rewards …

https://youtu.be/rjuywUCin_4 
The government should be pulling all of its resources but instead the president is playing golf fuck Trump A president doesn't care
So, make sure you keep your phone dry.
These are lives not a time for political rants.  #love #prayersforhouston
God bless you all and your family
PLEASE KEEP TWEETING!!!
Yeah, they're all looking at their Twitter accounts.  Get a clue, Sarah.
You are our hero's.  An old vet proud of you and your bravery.
It would help get your message to more ppl if ur spokesperson checked hashtags/tweets for spelling. 
Good job with that truck driver today!!!!
Spelling friends !!
Keep calling. Lines are busy with overwhelming amounts of calls 
A big Thank You to all the responders and volunteers 
#PrayersforTexas
Congratulation
Retweet this  please
#Harvey
TY to you Brave Coast Guard Personal whom Give so much unconditionally
Who do we call about a mental ill President?
Thinking of everyone.
For lady & son trapped on roof at 6606 Reaner Houston 77074 all CG # called 5x each all busy. Need help to call these #'s to get help. Can u
U.S. Coast Guard
Thank you for your service
Thank you I have tried them all. 
God bless our first reponders!
Definitely don't call @POTUS he is out golfing!
Phone died for this tweet
My mom & brother are on the roof, still waiting to be rescued. Her phone is about to die! Please help. 6606 Reamer St, Houston, Tx 77074
What is the number to have chump @realDonaldTrump removed from office?... asking for roughly 60M friends
Your president is tweeting about the wall between Mexico. Also cut your budget by 15%. #Resist
Cell phone towers are down.
Miss wrong I think commies like you belong in tienement square governed by dictators from china
This is. A shame that you morons try to politicize a catastrophic event like this one my hats off to potus trump for not flying over Texas
Great comnent.
Otra mamada de este pinche CORRUPTO
I Pray To be Good That All Those Affected be By Harvey Be Safe

Trump revoked Obama's executive order on higher standards for flood protection right before #Harvey took off http://columbiaclimatelaw.com/resources/climate-deregulation-tracker/database/executive-orders/#13690 … 
Please re-tweet. #QuancidineGribbleforMayor
GET OFF OF THIS DAMN THREAD YOU LUNATIC! People are dying!
Jake Fusia
@Dbanks5486 Have you tried these numbers! Heavenly father, Lord of all, please intercede and rescue your child, Donita Banks, from the flood
Passed onto my friend in San An 2 pass along...Good info since many are offline.
You know that POTUS has not tweeted any emergency info or aid relief info?
Mr. Vice President.
Thank you for tweeting helpful information. Haven't seen that prior to this administration. MAGA

Get out that #Houston needs: 
1. boats 
2. high water vehicles
3. cans of gas…
@AlyxandriaErryn
More resources are needed!
Asked USCG to correct spelling on hashtag.
THANK YOU!!!
I'm sure anyone in distress has any way of seeing this
#houstonflood #Texas  #Harvey #TexasFlood #TexasStrong #KatyTX #Houston

You are a great help











Can you go to greenspoint. There are hundreds there that need help.



God Bless You and ALL those affected by #Harvey Thank you for your service and sacrifice!  
Please correct the hashtag splint of Harvey as it was previously created in error.
#GRABTHEIRPUSSIES #GRABITSPUSSY
Your brain is disturbed,  this is no time for your childishness.
lol wrong mention
How about #HurricaneHarvey ?
Thank you Sarah for helping spread this important info. I have fam in TX & the disgusting & ignorant ppl spreading hate makes me sick!!!
Possible to dedicate one line to text only so ppl with low battery do not stay on hold while phone dies? Where they can text address to you?
Please share and find a way to help those in need right now!!!! 
God Bless the U.S. Coastguard.
Not sure they will have service but retweeting just the same.
That's helpful but why isn't there just one number that has adequate staffing and roll over?
Don't need negative feedback.
Even the Coast Guard is mispelling shit in hashtags first no one can spell #Charlottesville now #Harvey what's the deal dude?
Urge the president to nominate @SecretaryPerry to head Homeland Security today! #ATexanToSaveTexas
What is the guidance to check on elderly or disabled?
It's not a hurricane 2 days now just a tropical storm foolish to think otherwise
They don’t have power mean no land line no cell towers how da fuck they gone call

Thanks for all you do. You're in our hearts and prayers https://twitter.com/pastorabharris/status/901795624118616064 …
Been calling for 3 hours.4923 Braesvally,77096, in attic. 4 adults, one disabled teenager  Elderly couple across the street  in attic
we just got word you guys are on your way in a boat.   god bless you!

Texas senators call for Hurricane Harvey disaster declaration – despite opposing Superstorm Sandy relief funding http://nydn.us/2wIl3jg  
Sharing! 
Please help my daughter & her two babies. Is in neighbors upstairs apt but H2O rising Ana Porras 3206 Lobit Drive Dickinson TX PLEASE
Be safe out there! Anyone want temporary housing in Denver area post-Houston Harvey...DM me.
@shameless_l Try these. Be safe.
@zoomarang Sure hope that you are safe-and remain so. <<hugs>>
Yes I am but stuck . Don't know when the roads will be operational though
Well pish, wish there was something I could do to help :/
The bright spot . It's season finale of @Gameofthrones to night . Counting the hours. With or without power , I'm watching 

aaaaahahaha . Is he doing the cha cha , Dead on point ? 
Please retweet with correct hashtag #HurricaneHarvey
What about pets these people posted they left there pets in a flooded house
Feel for the pets
help your neighbours if safe for yourself....stand together remember, we're one nation
You guys rock...be safe!!
