Lifting up our friends in London and the victims of these senseless terror  attacks. http://fxn.ws/2rEaA55 
LOVE YOU

If only your politically correct bleatings to Britain could be taken at face value. But we all know you don't give a rats ass.
Enough with foreign countries do something for American stop taking so much time off get something done or get out so someone else can!!
Where's your concern for those in Orlando?
Says the member of the party that supported arming and funding the so-called "terrorists".
I don't stand with a Country that doesnt allow their citizens to protect themselves!
People like @SpeakerRyan and those who voted 4 him as speaker-should live in our world-NO full time guards & politicians importing terrorist
This is why Trump insists on a travel ban.  To protect Americans from savage terrorists. Why can't judges & your colleagues understand?
Tweet SCOTUS and demand Ginsberg Recuse herself from hearing the request to reinstate the travel ban. Please retweet as much as possible.
Although I get why Gorsuch should recuse himself (occupying a stolen seat); what is the rationale for Justice Ginsburg recusing herself?
Stolen seat?  What a farce.
Three times in 10 weeks ... must just be bad luck I suppose.
Pls, Ask/find out who funds them, attend to their wounded, give them media platform, give them armed trucks and weapons. Ask Pres. SISI
Can u say Islamic terrorist? Or are u denying they r here & taking our country? Ryan said "We can't refuse Syrian refugees, not who we are"
Congress (we gave GOP both Senate/House) won't standup 4 Americans & support  travel ban on these barbarians they r useless want another 911
We are standing with the people of Britain but with their stupid govt should not. They should let their citizens arm themselves
Mr. Cruz, you were my first Choice but now I'm asking you to support our President 1000%
Dear @MayorofLondon; I get it's hard to fathom anyone more unhinged & exploitative of #LondonAttacks than @POTUS, @tedcruz is that person.
Straight ahead Sen. Cruz! Thank you for your work.
What does this even mean?  Stop spitting out empty and meaningless platitudes and do something to get the wall built.
build the wall
Violence increasing! No leadership at the helm of our country.. empty idiotic rhetoric! #impeach45
Unless the issue is climate change that will kill millions, then it's f@ck the U.K. and the rest of the world. Right?
Senator, you're 1 of 4 people in DC whom I trust, but we can't "stand with" nations that welcome and harbor Islamofascists. #CloseTheBorder
WE NEED THE TRAVEL BAN SENATOR CRUZ
Right now you're laying down in Texas not standing with Britain. Your vacuous words are sad. @SenTedCruz
Nobody cares, stick to bowing to the man that slandered your family.  That is you job, not acting like you are some sort of leader.
Thought you were a Texan? Arm yourself and lend some lead.
it is sad that that UK doesn't have a leader like ours that wants to protect it's people. Piles of flowers, candles, and prayers not enuff
Thoughts and prayers = you all do nothing. When I'm Senator I will not think or pray.
Shut down the MOSQUE these guys attended... should be SOP... Will prompt moderates to turn in radicals...
#trumpisfat
They must do something right away, and something big by the way. Those Muslim rats won't stop unless someone stop them.
And democrats want to allow terrorists to enter America. America wake up you could be next. Support your POTUS not rad left
When will these hypocritical men.come to bat for America innocent Citizens.
I'm sorry Sen but that comment is STUPID, in light of how London has IMPORTED & PROTECTED MUSLIMS, even elected a MUSLIM MAYOR... STUPIDITY!
Stop 'standing' w incompetent Brit libs & royal deadbeats & FIX AMERICA.  THAT'S your job. Not fixing the rest of the do-nothing-let-US wrld
Get your legal knowledge over to the DOJ and get Travel Ban in place.
Huh. Didn't see you standing with Portland in the face of a despicable attack there. What's up with that?
So very sad the citizens are not able to arm themselves legally. Some of this may have been avoided had there been a few people carrying.
Britain need concealed carry
Find out who these people are if possible then kill them and then go after thier relative and kill. them also! One way to stop this.
Britain allows this to happen.  How long will they allow these savages to run loose?
Mot sure how we can continue to stand with someone that takes no action to stop the violence??
Im done standing with them. They mock us for travel ban.
But what are we really DOING?
#DriveThemOut
We need travel ban!! NOW
Thanks to Trump they don't care what we say.
Coming soon to a sanctuary city near you
effin enough with standing, if they won't take action let them die in their self created suck.
Gives Trump an excuse to ban any non-whites from healthcare or traveling.
Do Texas a favor and quit !!!
Really !
How many u let in under Obama!
Get off you butt and do something !
Sen.Cruz, no more prayers, no more "we stand with 'insert terror attacked country name", no more candles or teddy bears. WEST NEEDS ACTION
@FoxNews They refuse to fight terrorism! Or name it!
No, trump has us standing alone. God hope we don't need our allies help soon. He has pissed everyone off
What changes are contemplated for this country by Congress. Sending condolences w/o actions is not acceptable. We are in a WAR  .
france is exporting terror for brexit paybacks.
We stand with them, sure. But when are leaders going to stand AGAINST the terrorists?
Let the damn idiots stand up for themselves, they can start by getting rid of their mayor and realizing it is NOT a religion of PEACE
Yrah wait till y'all need a coalition of the willing to fight your damn wars that started all this
Must be stamped out! Travel ban! Every country work against this! The President is right. Eradicate them!
I'm about done standing with fools. They brought this on themselves.
It appears intentional to me
Really USA thinks you stand for you!!!!!!
Do you stand with their globalist PM? Come on, wake the people up... tell them to fight to get their country back!!!
Worldwide EXTREME measures need to be taken to root out terrorists, but I fear most of those in power do not have the will or stomach for it
Nice response!
Caused by their brainless actions on immigration
The US has to take a merciless stance against terrorism. No exceptions
Britain: "Thanks Ted, but even we don't like you"
This is nice, but we need to shut down all immigration Senator Cruz. ALL. President Trump has the power. Forget the travel ban.
Maybe you should pray more. That seems to be working.
We need to take note from America. Re: our own second amendment
Ted it's senseless Muslim terrorism
But according to the current thought these attacks r to b expected & now part of western society
@Number10gov sorry but what kind of Country protection u guys have over there! It Seems a joke! @realDonaldTrump  ame as in USA
@Number10gov sorry but what kind of Country protection u guys have over there! It Seems a joke! @realDonaldTrump s ame as in the USA
Im TIRED of "standing with" nations that wont protect themselves or citizens! Why should WE waste our $ on them if they wont help themselves
It's very sad , but it's coming here if we don't take of ourselves now !
Muslims already own Dearborne. It's frightening to be a non-muslim there. Media hides it from the public.
That's nice that you're standing for somebody  cuz the only person that is standing for the US is trump
You sure? I thought our priority was to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We need Britain strong and powerful to help us maintain our place in the world. This would contribute to "make America great again"
I agree with you Michael.
Dear Senator Cruz,

Please advance your bill on the Muslim Brotherhood/CAIR/NAIT/ISNA
This, indeed, would be an appropriate answer, not the candles, nor the Teddy bears, etc. That and extreme vetting at borders! Of course!
This is all because of Liberalism.
