Great..you are going to take away my families insurance.  Love you too.
do you have Obamacare?
Yep, democrats took my insurance away, ACA my only option now.  Cruz wants to take that away.  GOP = DNC
Why did you vote Republican in the primary election?
Because Rubio was the best candidate of all the parties.
GOP decided to nominate a mentally unstable clown.  Now the GOP is trying to do what Obama did & kill my insurance
THE GOP has promised to repeal Obamacare since day 1. It is unaffordable.
They promised to replace it.  They've had 8 years to come up with a bill.  I'm tired of rhetoric.
You need to tell Texans who make minwage that they will still not have affordable healthcare with the #FullRepeal of #Obamacare
What is Obamacare? Is it a derogatory term for the Affordable Care Act aka The Patient Protection & Affordable Care Act (PPACA)?
I think it's OK 4 @SenTedCruz to refer it as Obamacare. Just notice that the Cruzcare replacement is not there yet.
I hoped to hear from the senator himself, not from one of his surrogates, but thank you for your answer anyway. Cheers @SenTedCruz
noo! not his supporter... in the contrary... I am just pushing him to give specifics on his proposal for replacing it.
Oops! Sorry, I apologize unreservedly if I offended you in any way. @SenTedCruz
You are happy that you've stripped away hope from millions of Americans?  I won't forget when I vote the next time
#TedCruz #ACARepeal #ACA #Obamacarerepeal #Obamacare
.@sentedcruz How is your health insurance? Do your kids have pre-existing conditions? #SavetheACA
govt obligated to protect u not give free healthcare lady
Except the Repeal act was not repeal. More lies 
#AHCA
@DoNotForget911 what is replacement the beggers will cry if none
@SpeakerRyan @POTUS grass-roots HC providers have great ideas to help #fixACA. PLEASE seek our ideas - not beaurocrats' ideas
We need Obamacare.  Improve it, but don't repeal it.
it's repulsive for you to brag about eliminating many Americans chance to live. Show us a better fix first. #Obamacare #SaveACA
All Americans need to read proposed replacement plan @

https://abetterway.speaker.gov/_assets/pdf/ABetterWay-HealthCare-PolicyPaper.pdf …
Why not just fix it? Don't need to replace it. Don't let thousands of people die to give the 1% a tax cut
You CANNOT take away coverage frm Americans who need it most! Keep pre-existing conditions and no annual limits! #HealthCare4ALL
repeal a healthcare program that covers millions of Americans without a plan to replace!  Brilliant!
I have been buying my own ins. for 30 yrs. My premiums have quadrupled. I now pay over $800 a month for NO CARE. #FullRepeal
why don't you work on a viable solution first before trying to repeal it & leave 22M ppl out of healthcare smh no common sense
@Ohboyboy22  it's exciting!! A new era!
I was losing interest in politics, when the repeal of the Missouri Compromise aroused me again.
Abe L.
http://www.historyplace.com/lincoln/autobi-1.htm …
Thank YOU!
we need to get Paul Ryan out of bed with Muslims too!

Sen Cruz, I am truly disappointed you voted for that unconstitutional budget resolution! Maybe you should talk to Justin Amash.
i'm Egyptian citizen i support your decision as MB is responsible for any terrorist in Egypt.God bless our president El SiSi
only about 35% of the people want this repealed, what's your plan?
good Christian taking healthcare away from people. What bible did you read dbag?
Please help,I've seen  many not able to afford surgery / medical care/ medication, with very high deductible and premium!
I don't agree  w/ the repeal but thank you for supporting the Sander/Klobuchar amendment. I'm tired of identity politics. Peace.

The glee shown by @SenTedCruz at taking away healthcare from millions is abhorrent. Speaks volumes about his character.
Both parties tend to commit political suicide when getting full power. Repeal without an effective replacement could backfire.
@mlong42947 Great job Ted, keep up the good conservative work!!
Yes, keep your promise to take healthcare away from millions and make insurance inequitable for women again. Great job! 
have a alternative first!!! So foolish
jackass
how are you going to protect those with pre-existing?  Carriers will lower rates by canceling everyone
It's going to be better and cheaper according to #ComradeTrump . Please tell me about it?
how proud you must be to deny millions of Americans access to healthcare.
-proud to throw millions of poor and middle class Americans who finally got a decent healthcare? Where's the better Replacement?
Brotherhood supporters of terrorists isis Obama and Hillary Brotherhood Brotherhood a terrorist
I didn't vote for you, but I totally agree this horrible ACA law needs to go
Sir, thank you!!!!
thank you!
You realize that your legacy is gonna be stripping 20mil people of healthcare 'causeyou dont like a black guy and being a creep?
Muslim Brotherhood killed the US ambassador in Libya and police in Egypt and sent their followers to IraqLibya and isis Brothers
شكر واجب للسيناتور ..
تيد كروز
Thank you
Ted cruz ... moslemon brother is bad

@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr ONLY option is #FullRepeal NO taxpayer subsidies. #Obamacare = #MedicalDebt
although I fully approve. What is the replacement plan??
DO IT!!!  Start with killing the individual mandate.
my child had cancer at age 2. Insurer dropped us. Then no one would cover her. ACA prevents this. #MendItDontEndIt #SaveACA
Look, I just finally got my ins straightened out, don't leave me hanging..Fix it or have another plan, don't blindly repeal
#SaveACA or my son will lose his coverage under my policy. @Rosie @SenSanders
.@SenTedCruz you should be ashamed of yourself, Ted.....I will be working to see you defeated.
my fiancé died unable to use healthcare he paid into for 20 years #SaveACA today he would have been saved
I'll be with you! But, I look at your bill n I am blind on the Cruzcare replacement. Don't trade a broken piece 4 an empty one.
I need my healthcare #SaveACA fix it!!
Thank you. The ACA is destroying the middle class, esp self-employed. My cost went from $225/mo to $700/mo. NOT affordable :(
Yes :) ☆ Let's get this done #FullRepeal of Obama Care! Thank you Senator #TedCruz
God Bless You - Thanks You Sir-
The American people Owe You,for all of your hard work- you have my admiration-savor your moment
Can YOU ALL please.. .make sure ILLEGALS in our Country DO NOT get Healthcare! They deserve nothing from Taxpayers!
I agree with you except: what if an illegal is working to support family & gets tortured or shot by BLM like last wk?
We must follow our laws.  Illegal means illegal.  No matter what reason they are here for, must go back home.
Again I agree. But say they need some emergency care that could save their life? And they were a witness or a victim?
Obamacare is like Titanic. Get off now. Reality: can't save every good person dependent upon ACA. We will mourn, then move on.
a big part of your promise is to ensure that millions do not lose their coverage
Where is the replace?
plan: let the free market do what it knows and get the government out. We don't need no stinking replacement.
The same free market that charges $750 for Daraprim? Or Epipen for $609? 
you can't define the free market with 2 examples. Much more than that.
U need more? X-rays for $250, blood work for $15,000, Rituxan for $13,700. Dizziness cost me $7000 @ doctor.
Happy to know who now owns it and where to look for accountability
And what, pray tell, are you offering in its stead? What will happen to all those who rely on healthcare through the ACA?
Will this new plan cover ugly wives and murderous parents? Asking for a friend. @SenTedCruz
.@SenTedCruz plz stop going by 'Ted'
Please let the 30mil that will lose coverage know why you don't care about them? #ACA
American people did not ask you to speak for them, just a few in Texas.ok Talk to the cat in the hat
Thank you for doing so. My hubby & I appreciate it.
we are all watching to see what your replacement is...
