I don't want to interrupt, but can you DO SOMETHING about Trump's aggressive moves toward N Korea? Please?
To late, you already did interrupt. Actually China's now talking with NK to dis-arm Nukes. Thanks to our President! Have a nice day!
"Too"    But I hope you are right
Sw
Thank you & same to you.
thank you brother, to you and your family as well
And to you and yours, Senator.
Thank you, Happy Easter! Giving God Glory, for He sent his only son to give us life more abundantly, through grace. 
For He is merciful!
Same to you, @SenTedCruz .
Thank you Sir!
Think of all the people not having a Happy Easter because they are afraid of being deported. Are you following the words of Jesus?
Only Christians would nail a human to a piece of wood and celebrate it.
Christians did not kill Jesus. We celebrate that He saved us from death (separate from God).
Is that a tat in your, photo it's really cool!
The Jesus of the Bible would say to @tedcruz "Depart from me, I never knew you." & "You cannot serve both God & mammon."
Thank u and I wish u a Happy Easter also. Sing the Lord's prasies and never forget his sacrifices for us.  HIS ONLY SON. God Bless You.
Happy Easter to the Cruz family! Wishing you all a blessed and joyful Easter. #HEisRISENindeed
And the ones who most loudly and publicly call out his name act like they never heard of him! That's you Ted. Man up.
The senator who most closely follows the teachings of Jesus is a Jew!  Go Bernie!
Thank you. God bless!!!
Very Happy Easter to you and your family!
Happy Easter Ted.  Appreciate all you stand for and work toward.  GOD BLESS!
God bless He is Risen He is Risen indeed!
Happy Easter Senator from WEST PAPUA to you and your family. Praise God he is risen.
Missed you at the townhall in Houston yesterday.
Have a Blessed Easter!
Happy Easter to you and yours as well, Senator.  He is risen indeed!
Happy Easter Senator Cruz and family!
Happy Easter to you and yours, Sir!
You, too, Ted! God bless you all!
you are a good Christian
My the lord bless you, happy Easter for you and your family.
Thank you and a Blessed Easter to you and your family!
And a Happy Passover to you!
Happy Easter Senator Cruz and your family.
Happy Easter, blessings and prayers!
God bless you and your wife Mr.Cruz and happy Easter.
God bless!
Happy Easter and God Bless.
Same to you and your family Senator Cruz!
best Easter ever if Trump released tax returns and you scheduled a townhall meeting!
And Happy Easter to you and your family!
@SenTedCruz Wishing you a happy Easter and your family He is risen indeed.
Thank you for the beautiful message of Easter. Happy Resurrection Day to you and your family my brother in Christ 
Happy Easter to you and your family !!!
The same to you and yours.
from our family to yours. Have a blessed day.
Happy Easter to you and your family from your Jewish supporter in Israel sir.
Thank you, Senator Cruz. All the very best to you and your family for a blessed and very happy Easter. Stay the course and keep the faith!
A HAPPY EASTER TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY.
Happy #TaxMarch Day! When are you going to nut up & back efforts to force SCROTUS to show the truth about whet he gets his $$?
@realDonaldTrump  hopefully it won't be our last......have real doubts with yours and the "presidents" behavior...
Same to you!
..and to you and your family and friends as well.  God Bless.
Happy Easter to you and your family; may God bless you all!
Thanks Teddy
Happy Easter Senator - to you and your family. Praise God he is risen.
He's not risen yet
Have a great Easter with your family Senator.
Thank you sir And to you and your family as well
People of all policital affliations are together on this one...  Amen.
When is @SenBillNelson going to conduct Town Hall meeting?
