Lyin' Ted, keeping it false

That is demonstrably false.

I call Bullshit.

Sorry; won't be watching. 1. Not interested in tolerating 'ambush-questions'. 2. Don't want to increase CNN ratings.
That's a Lie!!!!

I know the so- called tax rate, show me one large
corporation that pays it,
Just one, that would impress me!
Not True!  The max rate is not highests and the effective rate is much lower than most developed countries!

Continuing to post the same link to falsehoods do not make them true. #definitionOfInsanity #FauxNews #RepublicanLies
Big time lie.

Maybe he means the highest taxes given the level of services provided to people by the government or something nuanced like that. Nah!!!
#Lies

Effective corporate tax rate 14%. Next.
Reference please.
This one says 18.6%
How come lowering the tax rate will create us a surplus so that we can use that to start decreasing our national debt?

THAT IS A LIE you took straight out of Trumps playbook.  Keep it up, buddy.
@SenSanders Hey Bernie I teach public HS. U want offer free college? Come see how seriously these kids take their free high school education
That speaks more of your abilities to teach and have a thriving classroom. Everyone is born with a passion to learn until TAUGHT otherwise.
Great retort to a hs “teacher.” You win the internets today!
Liberals want everything handed to them. Free phones free college. Who pays for that? This is why we won and u lost. U have no common sense
#NotMyTax$$$ Hear US in TEXAS  WE Said NO 
As long as we allow them to use other nations to shield themselves from tax liability to US, how low would be low enough to bring $$s back?
Spot On!  Young people pay attention.  This affects you the most.
Nope. Defunct many times. Ted needs to stop being hypnotized by his own voice.
Kinda kills your other argument about the death tax very few corporations actually pay the whole tax because they use loopholes
Corporate tax shelters don't help in the long run.
We dont...by the way...get facts straight!
ON PAPER, but once your highly paid tax people get done with them, you pay effectively NOTHING, LIAR!
LIAR, LIAR Pants in fire. Can't you EVER tell the truth?  UNTRUSTWORTHY LYIN TED.
We have a trillion dollar deficit and this bozo will only make it worse
No one has to be #MAGA stupid 
You're protecting your own interests by courting the Rich 1%.  But you are wrong, and you know it, Lyin' Ted. #LoseCruz2018
I would prefer to see the response even if I am likely to disagree
How about paying your fucking debt
No, the US does not have the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world https://www.factopolis.com/claims/us-highest-corporate-tax-rate-in-developed-world/ …
How are you going to convience the people of Kansas this will work when it failed so spectacularly here? As well as states relying on oil.
Most of the people responding to this tweet really need to educate themselves. Ted Cruz is 100 % correct.
That is just a lie.

This is a lie .

You go Ted!!!!
That's a lie.
Was proven not true. Quit spreading lies. Republican Party Of Lies.
Over 100,000 American Veterans should never have died waiting to see a doctor or be admitted under your watch TrusTed to Lie @SenTedCruz
That's a lie. I need a receipt
#CruzCrew #TXSen
Nice try #LyingTedUS does NOT have highest corporate tax rate. It's"4th highest statutory corporate rate"&they don't pay it.#CNNDebateNight
Nice try #LyingTed  USA does NOT have the highest corporate tax rate. #CNNDebateNight
Wow ,beginning to smell desperation @all100senators
Another lie.
More lies from Lyin Ted.
I would like to see 15% for brand new businesses
Ted Cruz 2024
No we don’t. The United Arab Emirates does. Dude fact check yo bs
Actually it's quite the opposite Ted C. Wet have one of the lowest. 
If you ignore the lists &only figure in allowed deductions (which many countries dont have) it gives u the "effective tax rate" which lowers
Our overall corporate tax rate - in some incidences it is almost zero - especially after tax refunds and subsidies
No multi national corp. Pays the corporate rate, many already pay zero. Stop your lyin' ted
Bam!!!  100% CORRECT Senator Cruz.  AMEN!
Socialism literally killing Venezuelans.Cruz speaks the truth but the welfare recipients don't want to hear it. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Fraud and a leader the media warned its people about is killing Venezuelans, not socialism.  Sound familiar.
That is factually false. Stop lying
That is false. Also, disproved so many times. It's like Ted is incapable of learning.
Hong Kong 16.5%, Britain 20%, Germany 31%, France 33%, USA 35%... embarrassing, and a massive incentive for global businesses to move out of the US
Sorry @tedcruz I have boycotted @CNN. I am sure you were awesome.
Well said!
Eat shit, Ted
Cruz is right.
So you’re telling me the Koch Brothers are putting $300 Million to push this Tax Bill and they are spending that money for me? 
How much is Soros spending Mr. Wizard? Is he spending that for you?
Amen
Yeah, until they use all the loopholes and actually pay little to nothing.
Not true. Again you’re lying.
#TrumpTaxScam Good work continuing to e part of the problem. Did drumpf insult your wife? Guess that's ok with you.
Corp tax rates on paper yes, but the effective tax rate is only at 22%, that´s far from the highest. Shouldn´t you mention that aswell?
Not the highest but top 5 in the world last time I checked. Makes it very hard to give my employees decent raises. Needs to change!!
God bless you sir for engaging, debating (which no one does anymore) and exposing the fleecing of America that was the last 8 years. 
The effective tax rate is closer to 18%, but that would ruin your narrative,
Give him hell Mr. Cruz


Corporate Tax rate would only be the highest if ALL Loopholes were Closed  #CNNDebateNight
Lying Ted
In April, why don’t you send extra $$$ to DC so they can spend it for you.
Oh, I'm Canadian.. Just like your buddy Cruz
I love Canadians, have many Canadian friends. All of them appear to be smarter than you.
Ask Bernie if he believes in term limits for Senators and congressmen.
Liar porn daddy fact check that bull

Then why are corporate profits at all time highs?
Which is it? are taxes killing business or not?
Its also convenient how Republicans never mention the effective rate (after rebates and such) because it puts the US in middle of pack.
We r from the highest n u know that!  No wonder everybody hates you "lying ted".
Absolutely wrong easy to fact check @tedcruz 
#nohealthcare means #noTaxReform 
#TheResistence #thunderclapACA

How does the effective tax rate, you know the one that matters, stack up, sir?
So we can count on you to support the Presidents historic tax cuts.. Good!!

CRUZ cares nothing about Single/Widowed parents, large middle class families...because #TAXREform by @realDonaldTrump HURT MIDDLECLASS
I just couldn’t put on CNN tonight. My remote doesn’t go to that channel. But I agree with you tonight. You rocked it.
on an effective tax basis they basically nothing and middle class taxpayers foot THEIR bill. They receive corporate welfare.
Republican Patriot is an oxymoron. I live in Texas and Cruz is a liar.
Now there's a man who's economical with the truth
They are leaving because they can make more money by paying lower wages.
You must know this isn't true, TedCruz. It's completely false. You're lying and lying and lying.
No. But thanks for playing, bless your heart.
Raise it higher
Not true! Fake news. The USA does not have the highest taxed rate, and few corporations pay it anyway.
Man Bernie cannot debate for his life
Cannot believe how poor Bernie's debating skills are, or why he agreed to do this 2x!! Especially, since he was squashed the last time!
He wasn’t squashed last time. Graham-Cassidy was extremely unpopular and failed to pass the Legislative Branch.

Sashhh be quiet . Canadian beg to be different you dolt
They also stash $$ overseas so they do NOT have to pay any taxes 2/2
That’s the point: taxes are so high, corporations move revenues and jobs out of the country
Nobody pays corporate taxes at the nominal rate you idiot.
Sounds like @tedcruz is batting 1000 so far    The problem is both sides will say they've won when we all have lost, freedoms & liberties
I will not watch a damn thing on CNN! Screw Bernie!
Can't watch this live, but appreciate these tweets, thank you!
The Corp. NEVER pay their fair share of taxes because of loopholes that allow them to pay less than 12% in taxes 1/2
Corporations don't pay taxes. They add it into the cost of the product they are selling.  WE PAY THEIR TAXES!! Why raise taxes on ourselves?
Awesome job, Cruz!!! Thank you!!
Gay Russian bot.
Once again, you know damn well that's not their effective tax rate ted, you lying scumbag
#voteYES #taxreform #Budget
https://taxfoundation.org/cbo-report-compares-us-corporate-tax-g20/ … Lying Ted is the one thing Gopenfuhrer got right.
#CNNDebateNight I hope you guys realize you're having @SenSanders debate the literal #zodiackiller.
Effective rate is probably 4 th highest. But why tell the truth?
Will you require her soul as sacrifice to get that done?
Bernie is an idiot definitely explains his supporters
Tell them Ted !
Thank you for doing this debate.
You phone banked for a rapist.
Who?
Trump #TrumpIsARapist
Oh dang didn't know you would think all the main stream media that hates him would have mentioned it by now but glad you got the inside 411
Everyone reported him bragging about rape, and networks have done interviews with his victims.
Where do you get your news in which the rape brag tape wasn't ever reported?
