@tedcruz so the federal government shouldn't interfere with people but it's ok to tell women not to have an abortion
because it is murdering babies. That's why. We also tell criminals they can't murder people either
By that logic, ejaculation is a genicide. @consamermom @selfcurledgirl @CNNPolitics @tedcruz
FYI - A human life is only formed when an egg & sperm meet and begin to grow in a womb.
@tedcruz disagree w/your approach, appreciate having a DEBATE that is constructive and informative instead of the lies & bully
@tedcruz R u that stupid Cruz 2 THINK that anyone other than the insurance companies dictate what & who will B covered? REALLY?
PPL will NEVER have control over premiums, deductibles, or procedures. The insurance comp. tell the docs what 2 do!
Unless U get the insurance comp. UNDER Control the Rep's plan will B no better!
@tedcruz CNN - Crap News Network FAKE NEWS!!!!!
, the Cruz approach is to let poor people and middle class people die.
I'm gonna say that's false nobody is refused medical treatment in this country
, emergency treatment is not refused.  Primary care is refused.
most ppl that need ocare r covered by some form of gov healthcare.if ur job doesn't provide healthcare find new job
my job provides excellent health insurance.  But I care about OTHER PEOPLE.
mine use to til Obamacare drove the prices up but instead of looking to the gov I found another job
keep government out of healthcare; we seen 8 yrs of a train wreck; give it to the people; reduce Medicaid subsidies!!
Yes, your right, you see a business in the people needs "inmoral" and he see health as a right.
@tedcruz Poor ole' Bernie. Is he even sure what he's debating? What month it is?
obviously got to you pulpiehead

was a great debate to watch
god forbid or no God. That tiny little brain one is given can make its own choices without government.
@tedcruz Drs do not wish to take Medicaid star plus fix this also
Cruz will SUPPORT anyone who is associated with Trump & Assoc Brown Nosing  They r ALL laughing @ him
so true Ted!
Is #Bernie #naturalborn citizen U R NOT #Constituion #subverter
yes. Your religion tells you to let 20 million go without health ins, & give the wealthy a $7 million tax cut
every time i see ole' Teddy boy, all i can think about is the #ZodiacKiller 🕀
cruz destroyed Bernie
@tedcruz Not true. You want to take my health care away when I graduate @BernieSanders believes we are entitled to health care.
Fundamental difference? Cruz uses logic. Bernie "feels".
If that were the only divide, then streamline Obamacare, don't repeal it! Make Open enrollment all year, not once a year.
@tedcruz can't stand CNN
Ted, u have fundamental issues w everyone, even your party
unless women want an abortion...then it's a gov't issue, right? Women's reproductive health not included in Cruz's statement.
Fake news, you guys probably gave questions to #sanders and he still lost! You're not tired, losing yet?
@CNN Well said!! Bernie is a communist!
YOU HAVE FUNDAMENTALLY DIFFERENT IQ' S. & YOURS IS LACKING!!
@tedcruz.  Good Job tonight Mr Cruz
@SenTedCruz wow! He knows what he is talking abt!@SenSanders you are a clown! Honestly
@tedcruz GOP wants to give top richest Am. tax breaks that will help Trump, Devos, Rex. How will that benefit us? Just asking
@tedcruz But all we have to do is put America first and we can have health care for all
@tedcruz  If we cut 30 percent of our international spending Health care for every American  WAKE UP AMERICA
did you give BERNIE  the questions for the debate?@AwakenOne16
@tedcruz America gives Egypt  2 Billons dollars a year to clean there  septic system in there city's, HELLO
why can you have federal Health insurance and I can ask him that("ted cruz")
@tedcruz Stop giving Iran, Iraq, Spain, UN I can go on and on America gives money away let's get health care for all first
Cruz, Shame on you and GOP!  We vote again in 2 years. Not forgetting your bad showing
Ted there is a reason you lost.  You have no clue about family, struggles, costs, and day to day  life of the people.
You spew the same rehtoric as your party.  Stop talking and DO
Ted Cruz destroyed Bernie. Amazing since CNN probably gave Sanders the questions in advance. #CNNDebateNight #DishonestMedia
@tedcruz Oh you mean like trusting Wall Street to make the right decisions health care!!!!!!????????
oops like health care!! #GreatRecession
"I trust you" awesome! So that means that @tedcruz is changing to a pro-choice stance right?
@CNN @tedcruz You have 6 years to come up with a plan...you didn't.  Sit down and shut up!
@SenTedCruz this is so refreshing , to hear 2 adults  debate .nice to see this isn't in the gutter
then WTF are you trying to get in our vaginas for then?
#CNNDebateNight @GOP

Poor @BernieSanders is getting absolutely pummeled

Cruz is a beast

#Cruz46
one is smart and the other is a party hack and a suck up coward. Yep, talking about Ted. He is not the smart one
He is a dominionist. His goal is to make the US a theocracy. He is also. Part of a life long god complex. Sick.
so right and exactly on target
Cannot watch his pompous speaking style.  I might even agree with some of his premises, but his preaching makes my stomach turn
@CNN They sure do. @SenSanders cares about people.@SenTedCruz cares about Wall St. Cruz doesn't give adamn about people's lives
Duh, Ted. Under your plan the insurance companies will decide coverage people get, and families will have no voice in it
Cruz is ridiculous
@SenSanders @tedcruz Bernie makes a great point no will EVER give up there government health care! Cruz is wrong!
u all have different approaches to anything that would benefit the people,u and your #GOP cronies
@CNN lying @tedcruz
@SenTedCruz ted you're not campaigning for election. Give us solutions.
On free choice,  let's talk facts.  Give women the choice to abort or not. Why do you and your cohorts dictate women's choice.
@CNN except when you @tedcruz & Rep Congress want to put your govt hands on my uterus & tell me what to do w it? Hypocrites!
@tedcruz you called Trump a "pathological liar," "utterly amoral," "a narcissist a "serial philanderer."What has changed?
@SenTedCruz what will you be replacing ACA with?  I don't want your complaints about it what is the fix?
sounds like ACA doesn't work Bernie.
@tedcruz  people don't want to pay more taxes for healthcare !for everyone then they go to church pray to God Christians ?
@SenTedCruz What exactly would be your plan if ACA were repealed?
He actually didn't say it in any unambiguous terms...just something very general. I wanted details.
Right On Ted!!
@CNN you say @tedcruz that U trust me & Dr to make decisions about my health EXCEPT when it comes 2 decisions on fmly planning?
#CNNDebateNight  Not true Ted Not true
people don't want to be FORCED to buy something they don't want or need!
@SenTedCruz both senators should be in the senate chamber voting.
Lyin' Ted
answer the question!
Why don't Americans deserve the same quality, availability and affordability as people in Europe, UK?
Too Bad CNN will not allow a real debate.   Commentators should shut up and let the debate more more!!!
@tedcruz It goes beyond health care. He is honest, U aren't. After U screwed TX with DeVos, I will always root 4 your opponent.
Casting a vote for DeVos against your constituents will be your downfall. The people said no but....
bernie needs to actually look into Medicare before he make stupid statements.
Trying to turn back time CNN? Trying to create your own fantasy world? The debates are over. Trump is President.
boo, but correct..... What the hell is this supposed to do? Prepare for 2020?
@SenTedCruz Bernie is looking out for us while you look out for your donors.
@CNN this debate makes no sense...... Pointless.
On the floor, Senator Cruz will vote with the Trump admin. Wishes.....
@CNN @tedcruz no it goes far deeper than that, more like life or death issues... you are just greedy risking ppl lives over 
just like today....
what's wrong with a healthcars savings plan tied to S.S.   and Bernie's gonna have a heart attack on stage
yes sir. He is on another planet and has views that do not pertain to earthlings. Whack job
@CNN @CNNnewsroom @cnnbrk Who gave Sander the question of the debate this time? You are Fake as Fake as they come
