
Stepmom? Ew... Good thing you're a family values guy, huh?
Please do your job. We need tax cuts
only goal u hav is NEVER holding a town hall while on recess.
I will pass! I'm not one of your rich donors you only care about! Watching all that porn: Maybe a reach around for the middle class?
Hey Ted: Going to keep looking for Twitter smut until I find something you like. Just let me or a staffer know.
Slave Torment - Nipple Pegging CBT  https://www.kinkbomb.com/p/249796  

Hahahaha!! You're my favorite.. the internet has never been kind to you... but you laugh it off... kudos
Stop talking and do something. Like oust @SenateMajLdr
Speaking or your goals, how many porn videos do you watch per day?
Is this really you?  Or are you an intern?? 
Tune in to you sir REALLY? The first time I had ever heard the name Ted Cruz was the day I turned on my tv & watched a US Congressmen
Named Ted Cruz stand before the country in the middle of a crisis reading Green Eggs & Ham, while his rep party attempted to shut gov down
Had recently started following the politricks game at that time so I was puzzled but all I could think is i sure hope he doesn't represent
Me and my state . And then I watched @realDonaldTrump totally demoralize and disrespect him and his whole family when he made that sad
Attempt at running for POTUS. If we can even call it that he should have dropped out and asked himself who in their right mind would vote
For me after I just let @realDonaldTrump totally disrespect my wife then my dad in public all in the name of politricks what a contact sport
Fast forward Chump steals the election with the help of the Russians and everybody knows especially Reps like guess who Ted Cruz but
All to weak to call it out because they all have dreams & aspirations of how good it will be know that they control everything
Only if there's porn...
Did you talk about porn?
Afraid what I'm tuning into.  Is it family friendly or should I grab a kleenex?

@RandPaul is correct
Anyone votin for his bill is for the Constitution
Anyone votin against Pauls Bill is against the Constitution
No debate

Count me out Teddy...You have been talkin' for several years now. And frankly, it's all been bull!!
Keep trying to change the subject Ted, we are all aware of your endless need to fap, fap, fap. You're busted like a nut 
Cutting taxes for the rich won't help anyone except the rich. Stop masturbating and do something relevant for once!
@tedcruz @taxfoundation I'm more interested in your movie picks.

No but I'll tune in for your next cuck porn recommendation...
I will if we can watch stepmother porn
just remember that unlike Obamacare, get it done!
Ok, Teddy. This is all well and good, but what about the porn?
Make it simple like 10 Commandments.
1 good slogan better than 10 great ideas.
And wacking off to hollywood porn.
Use a porno as an opener. I'm sure you listeners will love it. Ohhh, what great fun!
Hey! Stop touching yourself Zodiac
Just retire,watch porn full time
"The executive has no right, in any case, to decide the question, whether there is or is not cause for declaring war."- James Madison
War Powers Act is Unconstitutional. Period. No room for discussion. Congress cannot Constitutionally cede the ability to wage war to Exec
#FairTax is the only #TaxReform that will drain and ELIMINATE the #swamp.
The benefits of the #fairtax are endless
Hey Ted maybe today wasn't the best day to start embracing snapchat
Oh Ted, we can't wait. What movies have you been watching lately #PORNHUB
How will you pay for saving lives in Florida and Texas ?
Porn King #TeddyPornGate #boogergate
Too busy watching porn. Next time maybe.
Senator #UpDaButt has goals , such as free Kleenex and hand sanitizer for all !
First stop corporate welfare!
Will there be porn?

Is your goal to to break that addiction? ?
I'll try not to barf. #TaxReform #TrumpRussia
Bwahahahhahahahahahahahah  porn addict alert!!!!
It is time for congress to take back the authority to declare war
@RandPaul is working on that now, thankfully!
How about a goal for getting Trump out of office?


Y'all better start listening to President Trump.
Will one of the goals be to ban free speech like the White House is trying to do with climate change? Doing a great job so far!
Save some time for film reviews.
And jerking off don't forget jerking off.
Hey y'all.
Always remember, Ted gets to have fun but wants to make it illegal for you.
If we are going to try true Capitalism again, let's do it with a Fair Tax to return Rightful Liberty.
Wew dumbass, and how are you going to fund social programs? Oh I know. Survival of the fittest and jungle rules
Be sure to wash the jizz off your hands before touching the microphone.
Why are so many of your GOP friends not talking tax reform like you?   What do you think of Mitch?  Why is he not leading talks?
I see you've gotten one item added to the @GOP agenda!
Where is the funding for the wall?????
Instead of goals, how about making it happen. Production of anything from DC is lacking. Let's get stuff done please.
  yeah right. He's too busy jacking off.
You should find out why Red Cross won't answer our calls. Texas is fed up with them! Investigate these crooks!
Ted, We have the money, do not send any nation unnecessary funding, and put it toward our nation? meanwhile with Tax cuts, we are golden!!
Is that before or after you watch your porn?

