Is there ANYTHING you people can get done up there? Why don't all of you move aside & let others in that will get things done!
These 3 have been consistent in trying to create a free market. Not sure why you are yelling at them quite this much :)
Because I am SICK of #RINOs not doing anything to help! They complain but do nothing but help the #Democrats. That's why.
Rand and Ted have blocked many Dem bills successfully. They are standing up now to block this bad bill by RINOs. Rand and Ted are not RINOs.
Well they sure act like it.
their voting record tells another story though. Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell are RINOs in my book.
YES THEY ARE!
Thank you for watching out for us who work hard for every dollar We need elected officials to make better decisions that affect families
AMEN. AMEN MEDICARE & Medicaid Must Be Covered, otherwise will be HORRENDOUS and cost Americans lives. Disabilities will b life threatening
More people on Medicaid are dying since ObmaCare put so many on it. Obama overloaded the system. good job killing people needlessly!
Senators Ron Johnson,Mike Lee & Rand Paul.Thank U for not voting 4 Senate Health Bill,PLEASE VOTE NO & save Millions of Americans Lives!!!!!
Repeal n replace the right way! Return to old system & Let states take care of their needy! Simple!
Mari, you must have more faith in your state than I do in Oklahoma!!
And I was born in Texas!!
No faith n state/govt;NOT belong n private healthcare. But states need 2 take care of their needy citizens & bill foreign govt 4 illegals.
HSA HSA HSA please please give lots of good for HSA
Please repeal Obamacare my family lost their non subsidized non employer insurance because of Obamacare
My family benefited. It was not Obama care, but the unfolding of the process. It needs fixed.
Can anyone list the items in ACA that we love? Pre-existing coverage, college kids can be on insurance, Wealth tax to help, More covered.
Don't give in. Bill is not good
Hold out for the right bill! Govt foes NOT belong in our health care!
LET #ObamaCare DIE OF A THOUSAND PAPER CUTS.  #RepealAndReplace #CannotBeFixed
Statement isn't adequate to justify status quo, a partial concession now does not negate further moves, #obamacare approved as law with less
TY. Now let's #repeal now. Then replace later. Let's go back to first promises.
Let's start building a futuristic #SolarWall that will also generate funds to help those 22m uninsured the CBO score says #WeCanDoAnything
Ridiculous for you not to sign this bill with the stipulations that adjustments would be made. Proves you don't get things done either Cruz!
Call for leader resignations #NOBRCA #NOAHCA #NOACA GOP ran on/ $ off of/was elected for #FULLRepeal & your constitutional oaths sealed it
Thank you for standing up to this travesty.  Why not build on ACA?  GOOD Ins. needs to be affordable, accessible, and fair for EVERYONE.
Stand your ground and save our Republic.
Let Obamacare Implode.Collins et al R desperate to keep funding Baby killers Planned Parenthood!  Dems want U to step in & let them off Hook
Any healthcare bill should include, congress must take the same plan they vote for America and no longer be covered by taxpayers of America!
No recess fix the problem already.
I'm retiring in 5 years. This bill will ruin me.
Our States are full of Churches. Do not take help from the poor and from middle-class. NO!
We want the Trump HC bill 2 past! Do not allow Americans 2 suffer with Obamacare any longer
Americans need you all to care about all of us. Show us you have integrity and do the right thing. 23 million, including children, need you
That 23 million is a fake number not a true fact
Says who?
Exactly you at r we missing in the healthcare bill? Can you please be specific. Some people actually read that stuff.
don't be so idealistic you get nothing passed, if your improvements lose other votes then quit delaying & vote yes. It's the right direction
73% of #RealAmericans Do Not Want A #SocialistHealthcare system as most people now realize #ObamaCare was a gateway to socialized government
Glad to read you are open to negotiating. Please work together and get this done...too important not to correct this mess.
Thank you for standing strong for #FullRepeal.  Please Eliminate all Obamacare taxes. Restore free market health care to America
This is not the answer. My family benefited from extended coverage till 26. Also pre-existing coverage.
You're worried about premiums?! I get it. But to gut Medicare? That's a disaster. You go on this policy & then talk.
Too many people cheat the system. I know 2 families that do that and laugh that I haven't figured out how to cheat. 
I'm a surgical asst, so I see this up close and personal. Most people are looking for a hand up, not a hand out. There will always be frauds
We don't have to look far for frauds, just look at our gov't.
How 'bout this. You, the prez & buddies have to sign up for the same insurance
Do not vote 4 plan that gives corp welfare/subsidizes 2 insurance co! This is absurd!  We will vote u out if you line ins co on our dime!
Look guys I have no problem you passing healthcare bill. But I have friends who next Medicaid to live one eat throw a feeding tube.
THIS NEEDS TO BE FINAL BEFORE YOUR VACATIONS!
Why is it so important 4 full repeal, there has 2 be some good parts. Not a good reason to hold up.
Vote for health care bill now. Fix it further as time goes on. @CivilWarEra
While can't you fix it before you vote.

Do you owe Russia money? Are you being threatened or blackmailed by Russia? Have you agreed to kill Americans via harmful policies? 
Thank you for not voting for this garbage.  Full repeal, not Trumpcare...
Work with @POTUS and get this done! Once we got this we can tweek it it's not that hard. @POTUS will work with you get it going for us USA
Hang tough!!
If not fully repealed, do U honestly believe we can trust GOPe not to grow it later? 

No, we need total REPEAL AS YOU PROMISED.
The Senate bill is Part 1 of 3; A bridge so ppl don't lose coverage out of Ocare to open mrkt. GET IT DONE.
Smoke and mirrors.  You'll vote for it and take healthcare away from millions of Americans!
Thank you for being principled in a time when politicians on both sides of the isle are not. @GOP 8 years promise of #FullRepeal if elected
so you r telling Americans you can't develope ideas to get rid of this albatross and improve independant responsibility!! Don't run again!
Do some things that will get gov out of patient-doctor-hosp-ins relationship!!!!
This new gang of five needs to get some reforms done, like 0 mandates, 0work hours regs, push x state line ins,0 med records regs
Please work hard to fix this problem.  We support you.
WHY is govt even staying in the HC biz still? We gave GOP a mandate for #FullRepeal. Return HC back to private sector, with reform at best.
Ok Senator.  I am fine with this.  BUT, you three need to actively be moving to get that negotiation done.  Let's stop screwing around now.
Thank you for putting your country before your party.
Get to yes and work on the bill for improvement. Passing some legislation is critical to all Republicans.
'Nuff said. Thanks.
I think a lot of us would say stop worrying about YOUR JOB. This is OUR LIVES.
You owe this to the people.
About how scared people are.
But you have to hear what people say and think about how we feel...
When this bill is defeated, history will remember you as heroes.
You have a chance to put people over party.
Hi, guys. Listen, okay? You have a chance here to do the right thing.
#FreeMarket + #RegulationReform = Best health care/insurance for American consumers.
Pure politics. You won't support the bill because you want Trump to fail. You want Obamacare to fail. You don't care about people like me.
You need to just drop it, let it crash like Trump said and move on to taxes. And Don't touch SS and Medicare.
If Cruz is for TX I'd hate to see the person against it. His environmental voting record glows in the dark its so toxic!
Senator Cruz, I was on your side!  I was amazed at how much I grew in respect 4 u after election!  But this?  It defunds PP! Stick together!
thank you!!!
Vote NO, gentlemen, keep your promise, FULL repeal, open consumer driven market
Thank you for fighting for what WE want! Sad to see so few Congressmen with principles and integrity. #Obamacarerepeal
Please stand fast!! I support you all in your courage to significantly improve our healthcare with true market principles!!
All 3 of you obstructionists should be supporting our @POTUS or the #TrumpTrain will run you over! #MAGA @immigrant4trump @LindaSuhler
Proud of you. The new health care bill is bad. I like It now, but if you want to start from scratch ok. Taking from poor give to rich. Bad.
You sound like you're quibbling over words instead of what's really important. Never a good idea to throw the baby out with the bath water.
Please make your compromise requests quickly and then sign on. You are simply being obstructionists not unlike the Dems.
We voted, we demand a YES on Healthcare.We tire of your excuses.we will Replace you
Problem is when #Fakenews is supporting you, you are probably in the wrong!!! Think about that, all the big networks are supporting this
Please negotiate with the rest of the GOP to get a Vote!You may not get everything you want but anything is better than what is out now.
To much Government meddling  in People's lives Government is not qualified to be in HC business.we we're ok till Obama care .
Thank you for standing firm!
Govt healthcare is NOT the answer.
THANK YOU for not caving in and standing for Small govt Conservatism!
Just keep working together with rest of GOP. Healthcare is tough but am sure everyone can come up with compromises
You're a lot more admirable when you stir up the waters than when you just go with the flow. Keep that in mind for 2020.
#repealanddon'treplace
Get with the program guys. The #ACA  is unsustainable, so you better pass SOMETHING!
Stand strong gents! Your detractors don't read the bill so they have no clue calling it "repeal" is a lie. The rest are communists!
Gentlemen, please vote no!  Don't pad the pockets of the very few wealthy.  They will not remember you, we will!
We get it, but get back to the table and work it out. Now. No recess. No excuses. This is one area Repubs CANNOT fail (or embarrass) us on!!
looks more like payback from u and Rand for getting squashed in the election?Will vote against u if u vote no. FRISCO TX
Go ahead & oppose Cruz I'm in TX & will vote against u if u do
We didn't need Government health insurance before O Care. Don't need GOP care now. Lets get rid of it.
The folks signing your praises are Democrats!!!
Don't be an obstructionist for 15 minutes of fame!!
Will American tax payers get back the 3 Billion of Obamacare penalties paid to IRS? #MAGA
Nope because has already spent it!!
Thank you for not supporting this awful bill. I don't like the lifetime limits and exclusion of preexisting conditions.
never get it done loosers
Please done cave on this. Why health insurance a federal issue. States would manage SO much better than Washington.
Then sign the bill We will keep @POTUS  promise and DTS come election time. 4 will go Enough of you guys not getting on board with our POTUS
Trumpcare only covers nonjewish able bodied white men.
Repair it and move on! People need medical!
People reject socialist government health care. No repeal? NO DEAL!
The bill was submitted for discussion. Start brainstorming like we paid you to do.Get the job done for Americans not yourselves. MAGA @POTUS
How is govt engaging in (rather than regulating) interstate commerce even remotely constitutional?
Hmmm. Weren't you and Mike Lee on the committee that wrote the bill? What kind of craven shenanigans might this be?
Wouldn't it be a good idea to have a sort of free market teacher on the net (who can also make it interesting) since it's not taught?
This is likely the ONLY time in my life that I will say thank you & agree with you on anything.   So Thank you, sir.
All government employees should be required to be insured by the American healthcare act
Thank you all, Gentlemen. The GOP has been promising and running on full repeal for years. It's time for GOPe to get on board and deliver.
If u think Obamacare was bad this bill is so much worse. U need to read it or listen to someone to tell u what is in it.
Thank you, Senators.
For 8 years you complained & boasted you had something better ! By all right you'all should have had the Ferrari of healthcare ready to go
Now you can't even work together ! You all are going to nitpick till once agin nothing gets done !
To reiterate, we will not vote for another Republican if this opportunity for defunding abortion clinics (PP) slips away. No more taxes 4 PP
Get real Ted - everyone knows you will vote for the bill as is because you follow the party line - this is pure BS and everyone knows it
Senator Cruz, Please stand against any bill that continues public funding for PP abortion clinics, or any other abortion clinics. Thank you.
Thank you, for the first time since you were elected, you grew a heart today.
Is it possible to repeal Ocare without having SOMETHING in place of it?? It's not gonna be "perfect". Vote to pass now and Tweak later 
Thank you. I appreciate that promises mean something to you guys
You need to fix it and get it done. Cancel your vacation.  Do not let Obamacare live 1 more day!  No excuses.  You have had 8 years
If it's not fix to make it better and u vote how it stands u r voting against the people that put u there.Trump won't help u get elected!
All I'm hearing on MSM is that bill is dead because of you four guys & replaying your negative sound bites. Plz be more positive w/responses
3 of the best minds in the Senate should be able to help get this right. Thank you for standing up.
That's the crux of the problem.  There's only 3 or 4 of them willing to uphold their promises to voters.  They can't do it alone.  
Well, we know that you have not been holding any town halls so do you know how Texans feel? Texas can do better than Cruz and Cornyn.
#SCROTUSisNUTS Please oppose this bill for more reasons than what your blurb mentions. It is morally and ethically WRONG. Thanks
Complete faith in your decision! People were PROMISED Complete REPEAL if we voted R.
So why haven't you proposed exactly how to do that then instead of just complaining since you seem to know so much!
You do realize Republicans are getting just as sick & tired of Republicans as Democrats don't you? You people had betterget with it!
It is a "draft." I'm happy GOP leaders are calmly sharing ideas that can make this bill better. Democrats are panicking.  Take your time.
What have you people been doing the last 7 years to get ready for this? This is ONE BIG JOKE on Americans by ALL politicians!
@SenTedCruz weren't you one of the guys behind the closed doors drafting this version of TrumpCare, yet you don't support it?@BetoSenate2018
Wow! Good for you. Stand up for Americans. Do the  right thing; unlike the puppets you work with. There's hope for you yet, Ted.
If the govt wasn't taking money from pace and govt taxed ins Co windfalls rates would drop
Heard your statement on tv. Thank you.
Once Republican bill is voted down maybe the two parties can work together on a health care bill that will be better.
Better is better ! Again put your egos in your back pockets !
Good! @SenateGOP Need more 2 follow your lead#livesmatter #healthcarebill #VoteNoAHCA Lower prem/no cuts to coverage/tax rich what should b
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Convince some other rational senators to vote no
Don't screw up the health legislation- u'll are playing w/2018 TX1
So it sounds like it won't get passed before you all go on vacation & the American people will be left holding the bag AGAIN.
Thank you Senators! Please stand strong! #StandWithCruzLeePaulJohnson
Stay the course, total REPEAL & REPLACE with free market system! Don't buy the bull that we can fix it down the line once it's passed!!!
not ready yet... but throw enough money our way and we could be persuaded... #SenateGOP @GOP
Unnecessary. You are grandstanding! If you oppose, not another $dime$ from this Texan!
I'll just say it... ya'll are badasses! Thank God we only needed four!
Ted u will be the first to fold. Prove people wrong! Standing up 4 people takes guts! Do u have the guts?
Yeah, right. Not ready is not enough. Refusing to vote for tax cuts for the rich to steal from the poor. That is the right answer.

Just get the damn thing done and stop acting like the Ds grab a pair and understand hell anything is better than #OCare
how many fellow Americans can we mess over @MSNBC @indtx36 @indivisibletxjc @JCDEMSTX
Pretty non-specific statement.
Come on ted. YES vote
#KeepKidsCovered #DontCapMyCare Thank you Sen Cruz, for not accepting something that harms children who rely on Medicaid.
2/2 instead of trump, you earned a bit of respect. continue opposing this cruel and pathetic bill, and you'll earn a bit more.
Please don't take our health care away. Please.
Let me be clear...i don't like you or your politics. but the day you stood up at the RNC and encouraged people to vote their conscience 1/2
If it does not lower health care premiums then america is against it.
If you don't vote for this 4 now, kill later, I won't vote 4 you! ! It's better than Obamacare! !
Obama Care is Dead! Ppl need insurance! Vote the bill into law!   No Choice. Not brain surgery
You need to make a change to health care. Do not let it collapse
Registered voter in El Paso working on a huge federal project here. You should come and see it.
He was there not too long ago.
Thank you for standing firm in keeping your promise to the American people! #FullRepeal
Voters will not forget this if it goes through. Republicans will lose their seats, rightfully so if this atrocity passes. @realDonaldTrump
UNIFY LET'S WIN FOR AMERICAN PEOPLE AND ALL REPUBLICANS
Thank you Ted. Those of us who have been priced out of our own insurance & desperately need it, really appreciate you sticking up for us.
People are in trouble No Health Care!! Pass bill! Fine tune latter people need H/Care!
Not going to get a "perfect" bill!! Start with something. FAILURE IS NOT AN OPTION!! GET ON BOARD OR GET VOTED OUT!!
Agree with you YX1
u don't always get what u want. We r tired of holdout republicans like u. Americans will remember u as obstructionist just like democrats.
He promised us repeal,  not ObamaCare Light you fool.
Dont call me a fool!
Their view is that this bill is too liberal!
Vote no not because the bill is not conservative enough, but bc its inhumane!
Wish I had an ounce of confidence in any of the GOP!! Why did you back him? Unbelievable liars with no integrity is how I view GOP.
Then get it done!
Texas voter here.  Proposed Senate health care bill hurts the people that need the most help.
I lost my doctor and can't get the Rx's I need because of O'Care. You've suffered no consequences for a bill you haven't even seen.  Chill.
