Stand up for Americans in desperate straits. Not to do so shows you to be a coward and incompetent. We will make EVERY Republican pay
STFU.  Start looking for a new job.

Injuries sustained by US Diplomats in Cuba sound similar to Otto Warmbier's brain injury. Don't overlook this possibility in investigations.
Lol do you think both countries are conspiring?
Both countries could be sharing weapon technologies; just as I'm sure NoKo shares nuclear tech with Iran.  Cuba has proximity, Iran has $$B.
Possibly. I'm sure both countries have shitty living conditions too, which would foster a cesspool of diseases
Fixed it: For safety of #Americans
The People order departure of @realDonaldTrump from #USA. Next move should be to expel all @GOP from govt

Retweet until Congress takes action. #remove45 
Would be nice if you and senator McLame get over yourselves and support our @POTUS and his agenda to #MAGA. Jealousy will get you nowhere!
How about you start with expelling Russian diplomats who pose a bigger threat given #trumprussia collusion to destroy our Democracy?
Um, that talking point is over. You idiots have moved on to racism. Keep up.
Hell yes! I know what Cuban I'd start with. Rafael cruz.
The USA does not guarantee the safety of foreigners in the USA.The state dept acknowledges the Cubans are trying. Why r u a drama queen?
I'll second that.
But Cruz would rather us not know who is responsible than let Cuban tensions thaw even by 1%. Because he's an idiot
Isn't that a bit extreme? We don't even know how they became sick
are you truly this dumb Comrade ? or are you just misdirecting your fanboys again ? @txlege @All100Senators
dont see you worried about Puerto Rican safety.....guess you need time left over for "movies "
My heart goes out to the Cuban people. God Bless and Keep them.
But not our taxpayer money!  Screw the Castro tyrants! All those bureaucrats from Havana will go to hell!
Your priority should be to close gun purchase loopholes. Get off the NRA's ass and keep Americans from being killed by gun crazed indivduals
#DeportCruz
For safety of #Americans demand the #government send more #help to #puertorico. This is a #disgrace the #senate is not doing more. #shameful
How are liberal leftists so stupid? That's a serious question.
It should happen
YES!!
Thank gosh!  I totally agree Sen Cruz. Expel Cuban diplomats!  Obama never should've opened diplomatic relations w that evil regime.

What WAS that frequency weapon used against US state officials on the ground in Cuba anyway? Crazy stuff going on out there
NO DACA NO AMNESTY NO ILLEGALS!
Lol. Cruz is of course being criticized repeatedly for stoking tensions between US and Cuba. And Cuba repeatedly let FBI in to investigate.
Strange what has/is happening there.... really strange! Glad they are safe  and back home!
What's going on in Cuba? Did I miss something while the world was distracted with NFL shit?
Thou venomed rude-growing pignut!
Are you still in politics? I can't stand Trump, must be really insulting he got nomination over you. Time to throw in towel looser!
Who is using Silent Sound Spread Spectrum?
Have Cuban Citizens also had the same symptoms ? I'm wondering if so , it could be tracked to show where it's coming from..
Really Ted, really?  Sounds kind of wimpy and petty.  But the again, are we to expect anything more?
Such narrow minded incompetence, when is the last time Cuba was a threat? Oh yeah, under Kennedy...  you no longer represent Texas
regressive. Very regressive. Let's move foreword.
So you do have a voice?! Why not use it to represent your constituents and lead with love and empathy?
He has no love or empathy he is driven by greed & power
Aren't YOU cuban?? @tedcruz
Castro took everything from my grandmother's family - we should not have anything to do with them!
Why? What did they do?
Absolutely.
But make sure that you make them deaf & disoriented before you kick them out of the US & send them home!!!!
How about we find out who did it.
Ted wins dumbest tweet of the week.
Hmmmm who could want us out of Cuba?  Looks successful.
Shut up Ted
#ozkor_ALAH

https://www.slideshare.net/mobile/dritonN/towards-understanding-islampps …

@eDialogueC @eDialogueCenter @NewMuslimsHail @atheistfriend0 @islamicicdxb
Castro is just as perplexed about the sonic attacks, even inviting FBI to Cuba, to investigate. Stop your personal vendetta again Cuba.
That's always the problem they assume they know with no facts
Cruz is on the Armed Sevices comittee you dolts. You think he might know something you don't?
Cuba offered to help & invited the FBI down there to help investigate..But why let that get in the way of your fantasy?

For safety of American 2018 elections you need to demand tRump enforce Russian sanctions.
We have an uncaring man in the WH golfing 2 weekends in a row while PR needs our attention I expect you to tweet about their needs also.
Ur suggestion = 0 SENSE. Cubans didn't create issue, why ruin progress by expelling innocent diplomats? Typical knee jerk reaction.
yes!  then send the mafia in to run the casinos and United Fruit Company to run banana plantations.  just like the good old days!  ..
Cuba knows what happens in Cuba. The US shld expel a Cuban diplomat for every U.S. diplomat evacuated due 2 acoustic attacks. FUERA!
What about the safety of Americans in  #PuertoRico focus, reptilian demagogue
If obama was still potus they would b bragging about the amazing response to this devastating tragedy. Use those big beautiful eyes of yours
Senator you better get on board with this new healthcare bill. We sent you up there to represent the people. Not your own interest.
I have given! It's all USA to help not just gov. How to Help Puerto Rico and Other Islands After Hurricane Maria https://nyti.ms/2jNXsIx .
You're not Reagan,  dude. No one cares how you feel about international crises. You lost to President Hamburgler.
Hamburgler has bigger hands!
Safety of Americans? 
There's a HUGE threat to America playing golf in New Jersey.
Start there.
He'll be Tweeting about himself.
Are there Russians in Cuba?
Yes get them the hell out of America
Next step is to stop the Elites ftom manipulating the Weather & chemtrails, RIFD CHIPS-HELL NO, missing Homeless. WHERE ARE THEY?
The State Department is probably in on it. ARE YOU, Senator Cruz. It's happening in YOUR State. Americans aren't STUPID!,
Just open up full relations with Cuba and quit with the bullshit.
Can you explain why GOP regards Cuba as the great Communist evil yet seems to have no problem at all dealing w/Billions of them in China????
Pick up a history book.
Read the book.
PS. Propaganda is actually pretty damn big in COMMUNISM 
Send the FBI down there for god's sakes to investigate! Castro actually invited them!
Next thing to be done is getting help to our Americans suffering you should know Texas was helped Puerto Rico needs help now
Puerto Rico has Plenty of help...my island's 1500 miles from mainland, llagistics makes it quite difficult to work as quickly as in Tex & Fl
Can we expel you instead?
So you just want to clear the way in Cuba for Russia to set up house down there with no one watching? *hint* Cuban Missle Crisis 
Ok, please remove your head from your fifth point of contact. Russia provided the missiles, set them up, and had control over Cuba.
  Exactly!!
Indeed !!
@realDonaldTrump needs to talk to Putin first
absolutely!
