Yes, Senator Cruz, we must reform & strengthen our refugee programs to ensure proper vetting of those entering our country
Refugees are already thoroughly vetted. Either you are horribly uninformed for a public servant, or you're intentionally lying.
When Dems claim refugees are vetted for 2 years, what they mean is the file sits on someone's desk for about 23 months
it's not like any of those people where part of Kennedy assination like your father. And this isnt Snapchat lose the pic numbnut
@tweet4upatriots Keep them out. They will NEVER assimilate. LOOK AT THE EU. IT'S BURNING!!!
we already have a fantastic vetting program. The terrorists that have wreaked havoc on the US have been "home grown"
STOP letting them in. Being called names by them is better than rape and violence. So let them name call. From overseas.Not here
Comrade @SenTedCruz this does not let you off the hook for internal terrorist acts,where victims are innocent or of color.Smoke and Mirrors
Thank you, Sir.
we need to stop the refugee plan until mid East countries start accepting REFUGEES, it is NOT in the best interest of America.
oh Ted you get me so hard when you talk tough about immigration. oh god keep it coming. #gayforcruz #thisguysadick
@Texan2A 
Allow only persecuted Christians+Jews from Muslim countries.
Terminate completely all other refugees.
No more muslims!
proper vetting of politicians is needed to avoids #cowards #sellout & #corrupts
Can you come back to Canada and do the same for us too?
But you still don't care about proper vetting of Trump who is doing more damage daily than all the refugees ever could.
You are delusional if you think trump is doing damage to our country! Where do you get this crap from? @CNN or @MSNBC?
hahahaha, oh god, that's a good one, I thought you were actually serious for a moment.
NO! Don't! These refugees are NOTHING LIKE OUR ANCESTORS AND YOU KNOW IT!
start w/ loner white males w/ mental health issues - they kill the most.
#NoBan
Don't make Mental HC optional. #Trumpcare  -TX
I look forward to the mid term election. #TownHall #russiagate #DoYourJob
You should understand more than any of us that @POTUS is a bully. You've seen his cruelty firsthand, in the primaries, sir.
Senator, you disappoint me. You're better than this. Please put our country ahead of party. Sir, I beg you to stand up to @POTUS
Glad to see that Senator Ted Cruz is supporting the President's immigration policy.
BS. Stop refugees for now. We are flooded with Muslims
Please cite incidents of immigrants from these countries committing terrotist acts.
We have a good system of vetting those that enter the country now. Why single out muslims? Discrimination?
platitudes not action--you are still 100% w trump on all issues bad health care fabricated wiretaps-poor organization-shame
@CruzinAhead Ted, you get more like Trump every day.
@tweet4upatriots shit can the refuge thing we don't need it. They should stay in thei iwn country
we need Law for TERRORISTS' parents, relatives, friends hold responsible N  accountable for the TERROR..@Obama is a terrorist.
Go back and look who has caused death in this country. DT has brought on a new breed of homegrown terror through bigotry.
You must reform & strengthen your relationship with constituents by holding #TownHall.  Independent investigation #Trumprussia
Smart man can see right from wrong and not play political games, that will cost lives as all are precious Thanks Senator
stay strong sir the media will attack anybody who is not a DEM
Why are you wasting time and money on a non-problem.
especially Canadians
I look forward to the mid term election.
close rikersY!
This executive order does none of that, as if that were not already being done anyway.
tell us what that looks like, really, not just slogans. #TownHall #IndependentCommission #listentous!
YES!!!
Can you or someone please show how our vetting has NOT been proper so far? This is propaganda until you do.
said “This is a commonsense step that the American people overwhelmingly support.” That is false. http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/feb/8/donald-trump-travel-ban-most-voters-oppose-immigra/ …
they want welfare at 3 x what Americans get.they won't work.want to control us.dont pretend you don't know.They demand we change
Does that involve #deporting #activeservicemembers?  Leaving kids with no parents because the #gop deported their mom? Dreamers?
Their MOM should have made at least one attempt to file for citizenship! Deport the whole damn family! Don't split
have no idea how you got elected I guess you sold your soul to the devil
Thank you for standing with OUR President and OUR Beautiful Country!!
trump needs to include the countries where he has business ties. The pres should not have this conflict of interest.
Already had a great vetting program.  Refugee crime virtually zero.  Vet the people who voted for you.  They need it.
make only the truely persecuted eligible like Syrian Christians.
We should NOT admit any more refugees, they are a burden on the taxpayers, we need to take care of our own!
Ummmm... Obama's vetting process took 18-24 months and was very thorough.
cancel the program, they r a lead weight to our economy
oh, right:
1. whip up hysteria about immigrants being terrorists
2. institute irrational ban
3. accuse critics of hysteria
This is smart, American smart. Thank God for you and President Trump!
Very Nice! Thanks Ted for standing up! We need more GOPers to do this!
Yup, this will totally stop attacks like the recent ones committed by racist idiots who didn't even have to travel here.
Exactly! Thank you! #SecureTheBorder #BuildTheWall ok US pays! #StopIranDeal ignore @SenBobCorker surrender! #FireMcConnell !
Trump insulted your wife, and now you polish his boots.
are you doing anything as senator for Texans?
@DFWIndivisible As long as it is done FAIRLY and with COMPASSION, but I don't think it will.
I am more at risk of my neighbor accidently firing a round through my wall and killing me than from a terrorist bomb
it's good to know your stance on this.
I mean I don't agree with you at all, the #MuslimBan is just horrific, but as a constituent it's good to know your stance.
it's also clear that you are just willfully ignorant of the current vetting process. Do your homework Ted, be better #MuslimBan
Many of your constituents have thoughtful discourse to add to this conversation.  #TownHall please.
DISGUSTING. UNAMERICAN. #anotherspinelesssenator
then do something!!!
Vet my peen.
If only we had properly vetted your family when they arrived. Then we would not have to deal with you.
Come up with that all on your own snowflake?
your statement would prove otherwise.
Paul Ryan, Mccain and Graham should all be tried for treason!
