Thank you Cruz for saying no! I know we can count on you! #CruzCrew
No is not the answer if they can't get job done then Dimms will gain control again come up with compromise that is all you can do
Repeal is the answer. #ObamacareLight is not. 
We do not want/need socialized medicine in America.
No  matter which party is pushing it.
Ding-Ding-Ding... we have a winner!
Dimms have already put socialized medicine into place without full repeal inevitably it will happen bet full repeal will not GOP to scared
Maybe this...naaaaa! Too much sense, it would work and gut premiums. Make carriers actually compete.
We want the EXACT SAME health care plan that Congress has.  Please make that happen!
Amen! Thank you Cruz! #CruzCrew
U might like Ted now but when u r old he won't have any use for u ! Trust me I have no reason to lie !
Nah. I still #TrustTed
I'm it does my heart good to see a young man taking advantage of the freedom that I gave so much to protect and preserve ! God bless you
Ah thanks. And thank you for your service!
Thank you Sens. Rand Paul, R-Ky., Ted Cruz, R-Texas, Mike Lee, R-Utah,  and Ron Johnson, R-Wis for keeping your promise on our healthcare.
Guess u r a free loaders? If u worked u would b pissed at how much comes out of your paycheck for less healthcare benefits
Honey I worked and paid enough in taxes to support another family. Never took gov handout and am now retired. 
GOP, Repeal it or you lied.
Makes sense u r protected by Medicare. If u were working today paying 8 to 12k per yr and company paying another 9k for fam of 4 u b pissed
Not old enough for Medicare. Pay 4 own healthcare & want to see Obamacare destroyed before it destroys our healthcare completely.
Everything is a nonstarter without the promised #FullRepeal of #Obamacare NO entitlements! NO subsidies! NO Medicare expansion! #FreeMarket
You said it but failed to do it. Pass & then fix or improve problems but remove those Obama gave Medicaid to who earn 4 Times abv. pov. lvl.

Repeal ALL of Obamacare.
Shut up.
Thank you for saying No!! You Rock..
REPEAL it and worry about replacing it later. Send Medicaid block money to states to worry about and stop the FRAUD abuse, stop FREE stuff
What would u repubs had done during O's tenure if u would had repealed Ocare? No plan then, no plan now. What have you done for 8 years?
You tweet this daily. Stop screwing around and give us our damn single payer already.
Give us affordable Health Ins. Don't make employers pay. Regulate Ins. Co. Let us get a real paycheck. Doctors will take care of our health.
More concern on lowerg hlth care prov costs, not keepg & modifyg universal hlth ins.  Yes, stop following @BarackObama! #repealnoreplace
This bill is one of the most un-Christian things I've seen government do in my lifetime -- hurting children, women, the disabled, the poor.
@realDonaldTrump I wrkd 4 > 45 yrs. Next month I retire @ 65. @ 25 yrs wrkd I get free health benes @ retire. I have 19 pre-existing.
@realDonaldTrump If Ihave 2 pay 4 the 19 pre-existing on a limited income, well Sir I might as well kill myself!
It may be better to let Obamacare collapse and then be ready with a great repeal and replace. That will give you more time to work on it.
Repeal and eliminate Federal Government from doing another social program in this country. Send healthcare back to States. Enough!
You are proving you don't get things done Cruz. All talk debate talk & no follow through. Sign with stipulation changes would be made.
Children account for more than two-fifths of Medicaid enrollees but less than one-fifth of Medicaid spending #KeepKidsCovered
Answer your phone, Ted.
Work together to make O care better. Don't leave millions unensured, don't give tax credits to the rich, don't cut Medicare...
How about just working on the "lower healthcare costs" part. Get insurance companies out of healthcare!!!
Yes please get this sorted quickly as lives depend on it.
Am I the only US citizen who realizes which ever state has the best health care policy will experience the largest influx of citizens?
Repeal repeal repeal let the states decide how to cover their "citizens"  in need of HC. Stay strong! #MAGA
Why aren't you and Mike Lee more vocal with Rand Paul?
YOU MUST SUPPORT OUR @POTUS if U stop this then u and the few reps will be responsible for this country going to socialize med. DONT WANT
Yes...FULL REPEAL #FULLREPEAL
Who are the Texans who think this bill favors them? THIS WILL NOT LOWER MY COST. Ted gets his wife's Goldman insurance.
Which is it as Trumpcare only cuts costs for the rich not for most of America.
WELL THEN DO IT.U,AND THE OTHER SENATORS THAT R MAKING IT DIFFICULT TO PASS NEED TO UNDERSTAND THAT MANY WILL SUFFER IF U DONT.
Ted this Senate healthcare bill is not the #FullRepeal we were promised! I expected you to #KeepYourPromise and vote NO on this scam!
They didn't even vote yet! He is one of 4 that won't vote yes the way it is.
It is a lie. And you say it with an evil smile.
What's the lie?
That premiums will go down. It's hysterical you all believe that will happen. Before ACA rates were rising exponentially. Yay! Let's go back
The only way 4 premiums 2decrease is more competition. It works that way in every sector
If you think the healthcare sector operates like other sectors in the economy, then your ignorance is showing…
The only way "insurance" prices will decrease is when the risk pool includes everyone especially low utilizers…
I have no disagreement with that. The main problem is getting gov out of it and letting the ppl decide
The problem is your plan doesn't "let people decide" atlas insurance companies decide… no insurance works without some sort of regulation
Can you please provide SCIENCE  behind your claim that ACA raised average premiums by $5,000 a year? Where is the STUDY finding this?
Ridiculous healthcare is taking this long. Quit so many breaks! Pass the bills congress!
If you're going to say "My way or the highway," you're acting just like Obama. And you won't get anywhere with the #RepealAndReplace effort.
Thanks for your commitment. But in politics, you can't get everything you want. For now, you #FreedomCaucus people will have to compromise.
I am not in favor of this bill. Please vote no.
You should too !!!
Vote NO!
Yeah, keep your promise to strip 22 million disadvantaged Americans of all health coverage. 10 million in the first year, alone
Agreed Ralph. But please, bring America with you. You're a smart guy. Figure it out, don't let the Ins. Giants do it for you.
Vote yes!!
Insurance coverage costs health care costs are different I think we should treat health care costs like we do utilities
Well then we should replace it with just any old thing it doesn't matter does it?  Wrong! Donnie cant fire Congress only constituents can.
Americans were promised improvements not tax cuts for wealthy & Corps. Millions losing coverage is not an improvement.
Free market cannot work for healthcare. Average Americans cannot learn the 15000 medical terms to be anle to negotiate lower prices.
...especially when they are in pain, afraid for their future and the person they have to deal with is the person they must trust implicitly.
Patients need highly educated brokers to intermediate/negotiate on their behalf like the professionals at Medicare & Medicaid.
#NoGOPcare
Can u pass the health bill..we need itbadly
Yes, you must deliver or it is over for GOP.
Yes we do, so what are your objections to this new bill????
Next time you're in TX, we'll shove this up your ass and laugh when you call for a doctor.
Thank you for making it be done right!
Full repeal & get govt out like some states are doing now! You promised Repeal - we're watching. Vote NO
Health groups urge governors to fight Senate healthcare bill
Push 4 the 4 amendments you laid out! Fix the #SenateHealthCareBill but support it We have to deliver. @SenateMajLdr listen to conservatives
The GOP health care plan would absolutely railroad Americans with disabilities: http://www.slate.com/articles/business/moneybox/2017/06/the_senate_health_care_bill_is_terrifying_for_americans_with_disabilities.html … via @slate
Lower healthcare cost?  Read the CBO report.
Then take the time to do it right!!  Rushing through this will only prove disastrous
Full repeal & get govt out like some states are doing now! You promised Repeal - we're watching. Vote NO
Thank you for opposing Trumpcare, Senator!!!






This bill is not health "care". Please vote NO
Amen. My healthcare plan went up 241% after Obama said I could keep it If I liked it.
THIS HEALTH CARE BILL LACKS ALL COMPASSION FOR AMERICANS! WHAT GOD DO YOU BELIEVE IN? NOT THE MERCIFUL CHRISTIAN GOD FOR SURE.
I'm a Hillary supporter but you are my Senator.  What do you think about 64-year-olds paying 20,500k annually 4 healthcare?
You are definitelt NOT lowering costs, instead robbing most Americans to line the pockets of a few. Reconsider calling yourself Christian.
Please vote against the healthcare bill.  You are better than this.
#TedCruz In that case, just saying NO to fix is not the answer. Propose a change or an amendment, something new, or GET OUT OF THE WAY!!
If you vote NO, what part of repeal & replace will happen? ALL politicians should have to except the same ins we Americans get. Then what?
Can't believe they want to go on a break and not finish the work they are being paid to do and PROMISED to do.
how is 22 million less insured going to help?
Please rally behind the healthcare bill & support it. This is an evolution, not a revolution. Obamacare must go. Thank you
Thank you Ted Cruz for leading the charge! Rinos in 2018 will not be back.
Why is congress not including Insurance across state lines?
Absolutely. Passing a tepid bill just to claim that a bill was passed Invites negative consequences.
YES, FULL REPEAL, not republicrat/democrat games. Smaller governmnet, NO intrusion into my health care/doctor relationship, HOLD THE LINE!!
...you really need to become the senate leader....the healthcare bill is Obamacare lite
As a People tired of 8 years of Obama, we voted for Republicans to change the path of America, please focus on this path.
The People voted for a change. Healthcare Reform, Tax Reform, Secure Borders. President Trump knows this.
I do hope that you can make this work. Change has to start somewhere. The people voted for a change. Nothing is perfect.
No No No Please don't do this to us! 
Let's have your insurance
@SenatorRandPaul
Stand your ground against Senates Obamacare reshuffle. Do not waiver. Constitutionalists like yourself are the only thing that will save us.
Lower health costs? Senate bill gives $Millions to insurance companies. How much did you receive for the favor? $thousands. #hypocrite
So REPEAL it, don't adjust it. #hypocrite
Your right, if we don't it will destroy the middle class! How bout really trying and work to get the new bill passed? Please!!!
Please share exactly how the current bill in Senate reduces premiums?
You have had 7 years to figure it out. When will you stop funding Planned Parenthood, causing us to be accessories to murder?
What's the CBO score? How many will be uninsured under Trumpcare vs Obamacare?
Any healthcare bill should include, congress must take the same plan they vote for America and no longer be covered by taxpayers of America!
I agree with what you want added but in the end you have to vote yes oboma care sucks
Senator Cruz we are counting on you to get new health care passed. Get It Done Please!!!
That means get off the ramp all bandwagon you're making it rough on yourself come election time I'm just one person that votes
But others feel the same way I do get on board with the president and stop making excuses.. make one at the poll. stop following Rand Paul
GOP Senators need 2 realize libs/Dems/media etc R going 2 hate ANY GOP plan so u might as well go for the brass ring!!#FreeMarketHealthcare
Sen how can we believe the GOP when you have had 7 YEARS to get ready. been a GOP supporter since Barry Goldwater AZ now I wonder
is it just camera time the GOP wants  or do you actually care to make a deal to help us. disappointed in the GOP establishment. Dem light
Assurance Program! Customers pays for Primary Care on low budget!  Insurance for operations 15 Deductible!  Saving Account is wavier
Pre-existing conditions: why carry car insurance if you can signup after the accident?! Keep Gov out. #JustRepeal @SenMikeLee @RandPaul
Am I crazy or the others crazy? Weren't you one of the 13 men who wrote the healthcare bill?
How are you opposing a bill you helped write? Silly Wabbit! Trix is for Kids. 

We are all behind a no vote right now.  Don't be a coward sell out like @JohnCornyn!  Represent all Texans!  No! No! No!
You need to look at the healthcare bill real good. Because if you vote yes on the Medicaid part you will be putting people life in Danger
I agree with the person that tweeted, if you want health insurance, buy it yourself. Except disabled/seniors. We don't owe it to the rest.
Senator Ted Cruz:Thank you for not supporting the current H/C Bill that separates healthcare for 20 million Americans. ISIS wants USA to die
Can you repeal bullshit in the senate first? Followed by a complete cut of your salary and healthcare?
1st get rid of the fine.
Get behind the bil, Ted!
But DON'T cut my Medicaid! Yes add to it, not cut it. I'm disabled and 60. It's all I have.
Its really hard work to give the rich tax cuts and screw all the rest of us poor guy needs a break.
We the people DO NOT WANT TRUMPCARE. Fix ACA. We elected you and your paycheck comes from we the taxpayers. LISTEN TO US.
Please pray for Ted he works 2 jobs senator and employee of Koch industries help retire him next year so he can rest.
Establish the law that provides competition across state lines, first. DON'T BUILD a roof before the foundation has been poured.
If you vote for legislation that causes the deaths of some of your constituents because they are unable to afford care - you are evil.
Thank you holding out and making sure the AHCA is done right! Proud to have you as my Senator!
Yeah very good  keep going 
Hitler sent the old, disabled & poor to their deaths, too. But at the camps he gassed them quickly rather than let them die painful deaths.
Want healthcare passed. But heard you talk about choice of plans that don't meet Ocare standards. Do agree. Want no frills, that suits me.
TedCruz:  It's "Asskicker" not Asskisser" - stop confusing the two!
Why are you bucking the system since you accepted payola from pharmaceutical/ ins lobbyists and worked on the bill prep?  Another scam!
Senator Cruz...one of the things that ALWAYS upsets me. Is the name calling towards our @freedomcaucus I know U three can work with @Potus
Vote no!
Please, please stand firm & get your proposals incorporated as much as possible.  Mike Lee is my senator - you & he are doing great!

Do you owe Russia money? Are you being threatened or blackmailed by Russia? Have you agreed to kill Americans via harmful policies? 
USA is only civilized nation in the world without Universal Healthcare - just take a look at it-just take a look. Stop the greed.
No you must not!  You are only lowering the availability of health care for a large number of the US population including most women. Greed!
prioritize spending of our tax dollars towards things we truly need , stop the pork fraud and waste , act like it's OUR MONEY
Is this bill better than what we have now? If yes then vote for it or lose my family's support next election.
I do not want a crappy health care system just to "deliver on a promise" , so save that rhetoric , I don't care about the "promise"
step one is to get rid of PORK FRAUD and WASTE , then PRIORITIZE SPENDING towards things we NEED .. we do not NEED "football stadiums" !!
we need one system , one pool , affordable , full coverage , part tax subsidized part private pay , no pay no play , efficient & streamlined
