The ACA was the only chance a lot of people had to get insurance.  Does it make you happy to take that away?
You dont understand. I am a physician, and the govt regs put on doctors PREVENTS GOOD CARE!
@SenSanders @SenTedCruz - 37 yrs in HC we know regs like EMR's? MCR for all pays more, quicker, less waste than private ins co.
As politicians and lawyers get involved in health care, the costs increase and outcomes worsen.
This I will agree with as government needs to stay out of doctor/patient relationship as they said
And insurance companies should not be allowed to override doctors
why were these people's plans cut Cruz? The insurance industry doubled in profit, so what was the excuse?
You will not be elected in 2018.
awesome job debating Bernie love his figiting with his hands as you left him almost speechless ah ah ah um um um that's dem chat
nice adolescent humor unsuited for political discourse with adults. What does JE stand for?
@Mike_Beacham   Thank you @tedcruz for going on #boycottCNN & making case to #RepealAndReplace  Ocare @EnoughisEnoug13
#CNN gave #Bernie same treatment during primary, so what's new?
They were for Hillary..take it up with #CNN
They complain and still watch #fakenewscnn
which one is real news?
OANN is actually pretty good
can afford private ins obviously people on Medicaid/care can't. Private insurance will be death to those that can't afford it
I'd like to hear an actual plan, not just propaganda.
bull. This current administration is built on lies, lies and lies about lies. Get real Senator. Do good during your last term.
The Affordable Care Act made healthcare available to millions who couldn't afford it. Republicans wanted it to fail, gutted it.
So disappointed in Reps playing games with Repeal Replace. Should have had a plan in place DAY ONE Jan 20th. Mad
Dear Obama Care don't go away mad JUST GO AWAY!
ACA saved the lives of my friends with cancer. Grateful it did not go away or they would have.
who lie like trump and his dam followers
Don't be fooled, prvt ins co's ALSO DETERMINE services rendered to patients NOT THE PATIENT! How's this any DIFFERENT???
And that's why I voted for him in the primaries. Ted Cruz will make affine POTUS one day. After 2 terms goto SCOTUS
Do you really think you'll be re-elected . Not even dt wants you around
Senator Ted Cruz is my HERO!!!
I'm sorry
I truly believe we can benefit from a healthcare system. #repealobamacare shred it apart. Allow us have choices.
Ins co's aren't any better than govt w services rendered4the patient, oftentimes they override MDs recommd'tns
But If  liberals would really listen without thinking of  the word "Free" maybe they would get Obamacare.  :/
Same can be said of getting some of the rights heads out of their ass. 8 yrs to think & no plan.
DO IT ALREADY NOUGH TALK COME ON GET IT DONE THIS WEEK TIRED OF WAITING
tell em Cruz. Yall need to pass a law to stop judges from interfering in protecting our Country. When POTUS signs an Order
how dare you call yourself a Christian but take away healthcare from the poor!! Shame on you!!
Great, quit taking millions from insurance lobbyists.
Did Congress have options in place?  Why are they dragging their feet now? Can't afford 920.00 per month. I have no ins now. Mad
Last year my Obamacare was $231 a month. I could barely afford to pay it on my $1700 bring home pay. This year $306.
Jonathan Gruber depended on those that fail to study, learn, and understand the truth. You just want a handout.
i'm fairly certain Bernie just listed the same 3 points over and over again regardless of what the question was
@cmahar3 The nation eagerly awaits your disaster, I mean replacement. You lost, Ted. Go away. Lost to an immature child #loser
So.... Where is this healthcare plan you Republicans keep touting around? Is it over here? Or over there? Anywhere? No? Bummer.
the one thing @realDonaldTrump said that was true. Lyin Ted Cruz. #ImpeachTrump
Oh, Senator.  You are my Texas Senator and I am ashamed of your duplicity. You do not represent me
You did better than most against against a stacked CNN deck. But I watch some but too stacked against you my friend.
.@SenTedCruz You took advantage of Obama care. You're a fraud, a liar.
then put me in charge MY care, set up a system that works 4 me, not ins companies not private Bus. Sector
You congratulated a woman on dealing with MS, really? She said, if you repeal ACA, she actually has no way to deal with it.
, thank you, thank you, thank you.
did u notice she was handed the question? MS can go into remission just a little FYI has nothing to do with health care plan.
Yeah, well, looks like @realDonaldTrump quick repeal and replacement was just more hot air. Forget him...do something NOW!
So tell me Ted, you really think 4profit prvt ins co's give ppl "more control" over their healthcare??
give all AMERICANS the same healthcare you have SEN Cruz
If they take away the ACA then government officials like Ted Cruz should also have their free government health care taken away.
Another Alternative fact?
stop lying.
Obama care is a total shit show,if i had $1200 a month to throw at insurance i wouldn't need insurance to pay my med bills.
I don't care what it was "built" on to U! I care about the lives it saves! Fixed ACA = Care for All! Get real! Life matters!
You forgot to mention the 1000's of US folks who can't get in to see a Dr for months. Why?? Need more Dr!Work on that! Save ACA
The "people" in charge?...to do what? Don't throw the baby out with the bath water. Fixed HIX system=care for all. work on that
Problem not ACA...problem is the Ins Co  and Big Pharma. It's all about PROFIT... not people's health. Fix that.
says the man who wants the government to make women's reproductive decisions for them.
I WATCHED U LAST NITE-STAY WITH THE PRESIDENT HE NEEDS A GUY LIKE U ON HIS SIDE====
WE DO NEED A WORKABLE NATIONAL HEALTH PROGRAM-ITS EASY HIRE ME-FIRST I WILL STOP ALL FOREIGN AID THATS DRAINING THE USA=======
draft and submit an amendment to the affordable care act that allows people to buy insurance across all 50 states
Do you pledge to work with @SenSanders to lower prescription drug costs? Also protect ALL with preexisting conditions?
@realDonaldTrump The CDC MUST rescind the guidelines for PCP's as 111+ M Americans & Vets aren't getting medicine we need 4 QOL
@SenSanders 
I know you have different viewpoints- appreciated the civility.
#refreshing
#worktogether #CNNDebateNight 
#Bernie
- We're holding you to your word that "Government needs to stay out of Americans healthcare & our relationship with our doctors.
Great job,Ted ya shot the Bern down, keep up the good work.
healthcare is a right not a luxury, If I was diagnosed with cancer today I would die.
thanks for misrepresenting the Canadian system. Notice no one is asking you to come back north?  Lying pos #CNNDebateNight
you were AWESOME prepared and hit a grand slam!!!!
Damn right Ted!
Great: I say leave my health insurance alone.
@DeMarshDuncan state for Medicaid and of course leaving Medicare in place for our many seniors who worked hard to have it !
@DeMarshDuncan and thank you for saving those that are on Medicaid and Medicare that need that by giving block grants to the
@DeMarshDuncan solutions to help us and thank God it won't involve the Government !
@DeMarshDuncan heard through you ! Obamacare is a disaster ! I thank you for getting it out there about our suffering and the
@DeMarshDuncan Great Job Senator Cruz I feel my voice was heard by millions through you along with many others whose voice got
They talk till forever about how we pay so we are "covered" but what happens when Drs quit? millions people waiting in AZ 4 care
I will bring my daughters ashes to U. If she dies r/t appealing ACA!
@PTFGAL healthcare should never have been taken over by gvmt. Private sector only-get fed gov out of my health care
You should of been nominated for the Supreme Court.
I watched the debate. VERY educational for anyone that doesn't understand. CNN Did a great job allowing both sides to explain.
Fiery debate loved it!!
If u want ppl n charge if their healthcare, give us the option you have!
do the Republicans have a better plan?  I haven't seen one yet.
And if you can't afford healthcare, well, go ahead and die!  You deserve it.  You weren't gonna vote for @SenTedCruz anyway.
enough tweeting already!  Show us a plan.  Oh that's right, you, @JohnCornyn and your buds don't have one. #AwkwardSilence
turd cruz govt shutdown over his ACA crying shut offvets benefits that month. He nor his colleagues care for citizens, vets et.
Snollygoster
We've been representated by the likes of you and Rick Perry. We are in sad shape! The aging Socialist made more sense than you.
AMEN!
why do you use TX's diversity as an excuse for being dead last in healthcare??
Bernie Sanders, was it the "RIGHT" of big government Democrats to impose Obamacare on all Americans?
Sad that after almost eight years of rhetoric, Republicans still don't have a free market solution ready for vote.  Grow a pair.
Yeah, because @realDonaldTrump @PressSec & @KellyannePolls are not trading on lies?? #alternativefacts @AC360
Has anyone considered why pre-existing clauses exist? To keep people from buying insurance only when needed!
Ted, great analogy for sum up the Democrats on ACA Need More Cowbell!
Support you and voted for you, but you DID NOT directly answer questions asked of you last night.  Disappointed, answers needed.
Great closing remarks. U put Bernie and Democrats to shame for such a terrible health care system. Thank you Senator Cruz
: it's sickening to pay for a plan that costs $996 a month for JUST ONE PERSON while having a $7,150 deductible.  I am drowning!
You mean unreliable and unaccountable private companies.
you mean it's time to let "the markets" determine whether we can get healthcare. That is, if it's profitable for corporations
Need more money from @BetsyDeVos
right on
don't want free market health system destroyed for millions, then deal realistically w/ pre existing.
private insurance won't have reasonable cost for pre existing in future,  is an issue. Either pool,  Medicaid graded premiums
ocare is total disaster. But for people with pre existing, if they are covered under Medicaid bc of ocare, need to leave them on
Medicaid would cover a pregnant nursing student BEFORE Obamacare, so it's not ocare that is covering that nursing student.
sounds good now let's make it work
my mother would be dead without Obamacare...where is your plan!!!
I love being in charge of my healthcare! With #Obamacare #ACA I get free preventative screenings so I don't die of lady cancer!
single biggest obstacle to seeing the doc - money - how is Cruz going to change that? WHAT'S THE PLAN??????
Thanks for your outstanding Job !!!!
Obama care is bankrupting the middle class, crashing the health care system. It is Unaffordable!! Repeal it Now!!
Create a simple pamphlets explaining failed ACA and make it available.
preach it Ted!! #endpowerinWashington
how are you going to make healthcare more affordable. #ACA
How about the American tax payers getting the SAME insurance YOU get..you know, the one WE pay for. #ACA #SinglePayer #UliarU
If we can't have our taxes go towards our own healthcare, then we shouldn't have to pay for your insurance!
Tak on a little bit more for it, and Viola everybody has health insurance.
Put us in charge of our healthcare? Since everybody is paying for Medicare out of our checks, put everyone on medicare and charg
, love me some TC!!!!!
great job last night. God bless you and your family.
Well said, Ted !
just expand the plan you and fed employees use for seniors and poor.
The real problem is the high cost of health care. The insurance won't lower the cost.
outstanding
re:  your remarks on CNN-history is watching you, Senator.  Watching you and your party-We c what you're doing to this country.
and return money to my wealthiest contributors also healthcare shouldn't be a right, it's privilege of people who can afford it
In other words put ur money in charge of your healtcare. If you can't afford it, just die!
Atta boy Senator Cruz, atta boy 

tell the details of me in charge of my insurance
Bernie you've been served!
Zingers throughout debate
Loved how you stood ground
Please ABSTAIN from Sessions vote. Trump extremely dangerous and Sessions will make it even worse. PLEASE ABSTAIN.
The ACA saved my daughter's life. Diagnosed w/ Stage 3b breast cancer at 25yrs old. Had no insur due to pre-existing condition.
you know we rank  last in health care. Thanks for having our back, oh wait you don't give a shit
Well Senator, now you get to meet the dependent class than the Welfare POTUS Obama grew. "Wahh...We want everything free"
Zzzzzziiiiiiiiiinnnnng!!! 

Mike "Ted" Tyson against Michael "Crazy Bernie" Spinks. Never had a chance.
are you fucking kidding me? You're not in charge of your healthcare and WE THE PEOPLE pay for your excellent coverage!
11/6/18 will not be here soon enough....
but is Congress working on something better or, no?
so WHY did it pass with a majority Republican Congress??? &btw @SenSanders burnt your butttonight
if you actually believe that, you're not qualified to represent me #VoteThemOut #MidTermElections2018
5/5 WE NEED 2GET RID OF OBAMACARE ASAP SO PT'S W/REAL DISEASE can get treated this Pt had private ins b4 switched 2 Obamacare
You would know since there were 160 amendments added by the GOP.
4/4 since Pt needs this SCAN I spoke to the radiology center & they're going to do it for free bc Obamacare will not approve
3/3 HOW is tongue/throat cancer not indicted Pt had surgery but needs SCAN 4 further treatment its 4months & answer is still NO
2/2 had BC/BS @ time of diagnosis now has Obamacare needs PET CT  Scan @& they will not approve it bc its not indicted
Nationalize it.  Get rid of insurance sucking us all dry.
1/1 I agree w/Sen Cruz 110% Obamacare is a fake & lie I'm a RN wkg 4 head & neck Surgeon 28 yrs Pt had tongue/throat cancer
The bottom line is no government in healthcare BUT y'all let ACA pass. Now you're not going to give up that power! What's next?
ACA passed with no GOP votes.   Sen Cruz was the most vocal critic.  So how is he or the GOP responsible?
A no vote is least they can do. Just like Dems now-they're our reps-have to work 2gether...bring others over,politic
that's a great idea Ted. How you gonna do it?
Isn't saying that health care costs going up is b/c ACA a bit disingenuous when you look at what costs were doing before ACA?
outstanding!
Now you speak! What about Betsy DeVos? I'm so disappointed in you.
#comingforcruz2018 #pickupthephoneTed
what do you mean?
It was a complex fix for a complex set of issues, and it wasn't perfect. Let's repair it, not tear it down.
we are coming for you Ted #indivisible #ACA rocks. @BGTXSouthlake @JoyAnnReid @IndivisibleTeam @MaddowBlog 
!
How exactly are we in charge & how can we force insurance companies to insure us adequately at reasonable cost? #CNNDebateNight
Excellent debate tonight, Senator.  Thanks
That's not all true you are failing to say that @SpeakerRyan failed to give the billions due the program caused it to fail
good job, good show, good format, good theater, good...history. Hope it happens again on other issues.
b4 ACA I made too much for Medicaid & too little for the cheapest plan. W/ ACA I've a plan that fits perfectly into my budget...
how does a "free market" with no state borders put the people in control? That just puts industry in control w less regulation
@good4politics Ted, you laid a smackdown on Bernie. Amazing job. Did you happen to see CNN CHEATED again?? #CruzSandersDebate
does that say "Your Question?"
Obamacare (The ACA) was originally a republican idea...ahem, Romneycare anyone? The partisan 2 step is very Texan of you!
You and your fellow republicans are the ones who made it so bad.
I'll never trust a man who let Trump insult his family and then bowed and kissed the ring. Obama is the greatest.
...said by a man who backs tRump......
To be frank, we weren't in charge of it BEFORE Obamacare either.

Because insurance companies picked and chose who they'd cover.
Use your legal eagle voice for the forces of good, not evil. #SinglePayer all the way! Do something good for Texas and America!
