@AlyxandriaErryn says her family is still waiting for a water rescue in the attic, they can't get to roof! 6606 Reamer St, Houston, TX 77074
Received adding to response requests.
Meanwhile, the Pres is tweeting bat shit, self promoting BS. Thanks for keeping it real, Joe.
IF MY PRESIDENT PERSONALLY SAVED EVERY DROWNING BABY IN HOUSTON - YOU LIBS WOULD STILL WHINE AND SCREECH - GO TO BED ALREADY.
You said it: he's your damn president. Thanks a lot!
U r so welcome. Because we didn't choose hitlary u may live 2 c another year.
Don't feed the animals. Pointless. There are 25% who, like reg folk in Nazi Germany, just go w the flow of evil. Or worse, defend it = Suzie
Nazi Germany as in Hitler the mentor for George soros who helped Hitlary steal the election from Sanders? U guys really got it going on.....

People get several days notice in these situations and it's always the same story.  Unreal when u don't pay attention and then blame others
If USA leadership was more verbally supportive of the value in science, perhaps it w/h helped his followers to listen to sci-based warnings
Don't make her should be common sense political.  Big storm coming evacuate and you don't it's on you, no one else.  Stop blaming others!
No blame n WH, however WH guidance fails those who depend on 'common sense' n "wisdom" or lack their of...
All Am politics has 0 integrity
What's great about this country we can all have diff opinions.  To bad left is trying to control all of the opinions. Very Dangerous.
Left wing & right wing come from SAME bird/ America was built on slaughter-genocide-extermination...USA lives n fakebelieve alt-fact reality
I wouldn't want to live anywhere else. This is the greatest country in the world.
You ppl who claim this is the "country" u love R oddly willing to pollute, contaminate & squander pristine land, resources, wildlife & water
If a mandatory evac had been called there would be less need of people escaping flood waters by going into their attic. Mayor's misfeasance!
That would have fallen on the state and governor, but no, @SyvesterTurner owns what happens, all injuries, deaths, cost of rescues, etc.!
And have the physical strength to chop through! Thanks.
Chief we have now fled to second floor, pray for us.
Hey, Art, why did the mayor tell ppl the media was lying about the seriousness of the storm and no evacuation order would be given?
https://twitter.com/Mbernard623/status/902618884263608320 …
Please help
Thank you. I just mentioned this in another reply. If you don't have an axe, a few good hammers might do the trick also to break the wood.
"might?" Have you ever tried to break through a roof with a hammer? People please listen to authorities.
Yes my sister in Pasadena in her attic
She needs to get out of her attic and onto her roof. Responders aren't going to be able to find her in her attic.
Yes she's been rescued thanks everyone
bon courage
Echoes of Katrina  heartbreaking. Do we have a FEMA director yet? I hope these First Responders can get in there immediately!
Have you ever tried to swing an ax at a ceiling above you inside of an attic? It's like a monkey trying to $%^& a football.
Funny image 
The TX Natl Guard could drop inflatable boats from helicopters for people trapped on roofs
A bit tough to CATCH THEM before they float away
They wouldn't drop them already inflated
hmmmm
you were quoted in a story by @nytimes
YES! Katrina lesson learned! This is no joke! Better off ON the roof.
if only people had been warned this could have been averted...oh, wait, they were warned.
Not by the mayor, he told ppl not to listen to media reports who were reporting seriousness of storm & Houston would be safe - lying asshat
YES! After Katrina, I saw the reports of the people who had drowned N their attics. live N Fla. & have a hatch 2 my roof & an ax 2 break out
Do drown because the water gets that high? This is frightening!!
Can you get urgent help to a woman who's in labour in her attic ALONE? She can't break onto her roof obviously.
I got this 4m my friend someone. Plz help #hurricaneharvey #houstonflooding  #harvey #Harvey2017 #HarveyStorm #houstonflood #texashurricane 
Hi @Passie_Kracht What happened to the woman in labor?
This message was posted yesterday so it seems like they were rescued.
Rescue team approached them. After that I am not in touch with them. Trying to help others being in Phoenix. It's 3.40 AM  here
My heart is with you Houston.  Thank you to all the 1st responders.
Cajun Navy is in action too now!
I shudder at the thought of trying to break through a roof with an axe, especially while inside an attic! Get advice from authorities!
And take a light colored towel with you so if you go on the roof, first responders can see you.
@MarkRuffalo they the news media are saying go to the roof.  Please be safe. My home is open if we can get you here
Don't panic and pray.. God will bless you
First responders are God gift in time of need

Absolutely. Must plan ahead !
Go on the roof, then bteak through from the top if you need to hunker down under roof! Attics are death traps!
Thanks. Will pass along.
Get on roof at first!!!
If strong and wearing sturdy boots, you might be able to kick out gable end vent.
Must be talking to democrats!  Where ever the most weight is the house will have that area underwater!   Try thinking for once in your life!
Seems like a no brainer when you're not in the middle of it. Difficult to be rational when in crisis mode and cut off communicationwise.
Prayers for you and all first responders
Never go in the attic!!
Agreed.. go straight to the roof... bring a tarp AND fresh water
Sad to think about as it is a lesson in disaster preparedness #houstonflood
& put SOS or Help on your roof. Paint or wet colorful blankets etc
Sad stuff Why do people stay when they are warned and told in plenty of time Still praying for them anyway
This sounds like Floyd that devastated NC. Historic flooding. Awful.
The is like #NewOrleans #HurricaneKatrina #flooding Just #AWFUL 
#houstonflooding
Wondered about that

Texas senators call for Hurricane Harvey disaster declaration – despite opposing Superstorm Sandy relief funding http://nydn.us/2wIl3jg  
I wouldn't want to have life depend on ability to Axe way through a roof.  Get on the roof of house if waters rise, people.
I think when hurricanes are 3 r 4 cats... just leave until pass. they are too dangerous.
This is not Houston's first rodeo. (Torrential rains / flooding). Kick yourself if you get out of a bad situation. Prayers added for you.
Libatard city no self reliance to heed weather reports and evacuate.Want government help
Great advice if you are in a flood area
Wise advice n make sure got boat canoe raft tied to house
You can make strong rope by tying sheets together. Tie one end to or near window for  emerg exit. Tie big knots, make real long
Do you have life vest or big bouncing balls, they float
I put an ax in my attic after Katrina.
@JoeNBC 45's constant tweeting is setting himself 4 being responsible 4, already in place, protocol & success of FEMA, 1st responders, etc.
You really should have talked about it BEFORE the flood happened.
Chief, not to add more pressure but please don't forget about the elderly who may have been left behind in nursing homes....I think Katrina
And have a jug of water,a tarp/sheet,first aid kit and small amount of high energy food like granola bars and such...
How do these people get these warnings? No power,no internet,probably no radio
Texans must have believed fake news. Rain aggressively forecast. Floods predicted. No rescheduling. God.
why don't people listen SMH!
Good point Chief
@hale4jesus never limit your ability to be mobile, you can't be seen trapped under a roof..
Thanks. You are the go to guy Joe.  Never would have heard that on FOX NEWS 2 days ago
Find something in your house to help you float if your going to the roof
And if you find them with an axe your thug gang will shoot them
If you have no axe and then he water is rising then you have no choice
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
Shut up, Regurgitate News!  Just Shut.The.F.Up. We in Houston do not need your second-guessing crap. Or you, either, Washington Pest!
Many people in New Orleans died like that. 1800 people died.
you were quoted in an article by @verge
@JoeNBC  Joe, have u taken the day off from bashing trump? So it ain't so, Joe!?
It's nearly impossible for the avg person to chop thru 5/8" plywood from below. Fire dept uses chain saws to cut roofs; not axes.
So true. It takes Super powers
And the time to make the exit thru roof is before you need to use it.
Crazy, get on the roof of you need to, not the attic.

#TrumpRussia #VoteThemOut #Resist #KeepItPublic #TrumpTreason
Strong advice to heed ... #Harvey ... #Katrina
Proud of you my former ATX chief stay safe! Malik UT-DDCE
Chief seriously delete this and just tell people to get on the roof.  This is so dangerous.
This breaks my heart. Thank you and your first responders.
Jails?
Thank you and to all first responders. Prayers are with everyone in Texas. Please be safe. God Bless you all.
Ugh, hope everyone stays safe!
Attics become death traps quickly in rising flood waters and you can't be rescued from inside. Be smart stay safe. Thoughts and prayers!
What is that you were saying a few days ago?
Ignore unfounded, unsourced weather predictions that have needlessly frightened Houstonians. Get info from trusted outlets. @HoustonOEM
I just really hope they learned this before the power went out! #Harvey
I think all y'all need a bigger boat!
Police Chief reports people getting into attic to escape floodwater do not do so unless you have an ax or means to break through onto roof
Thanks! I been saying that for few days now hoping someone would listen. 
Can we get help to Wood Shadows II off Federal Rd. The entire neighborhood is under water we are on the 2nd level with a bunch of neighbors

Info for anyone in Houston area: 
Thanks for all of your hard work, HPD and other first responders are truly a blessing
Thank you to you and all 1st responders. You will save lives today. Please be careful out there. #houstonflood #HugACopToday
Thank you and all that serve by putting your life in danger to protect and serve our community!!! Prayers for all of you to stay safe!!
people are saying they can't get to their roof and 911 won't help!!!
Remember this is a city of 15 million
yeah well they should have planned better
Storms like this are a crapshoot and can happen at any time. Preparation was the duty of the individual. Point fingers l8r if you must. !rn
Nursing staff MUST be able to get to work! Info on blockages needs to be readily available.
Why no tracking of road flooding issues? Are we supposed to trust third party apps for routing? I need road info to route to Hospital.
Staying indoors is paramount right now. Do you have first aid supplies?
Nursing staff MUST get to work on time.
This isn't even a question. We need boats right now
Also please warn of soft spots in the roof and adequate ventilation in the confined space. Thank you!
I heard radio report that OEM' are overwhelmed, Travis County not answering radio calls. Thanks to Harris County for still answering.
Thank you Chief!!
