
Please Retweet
https://twitter.com/Opinionrupter/status/902225966767804416 …
I heard Cajun Navy is on the way.
Yes. After Katrina everyone realized no point in waiting for authorities. They are usually the first to be up and out to help.
Yes and last year in the flood in Louisiana
Beautiful sight for rain soaked residents!
Isn't this what the Coast Guard and Navy are for
ye ! There's an Icebreaker, an Aircraft Carrier, and a Nuclear Sub heading up I-10 right now ! SMH
Is there still a need for boats and kayaks? I have both and am in midtown. Please advise.
I'm a FF from SC if you still need manpower please let me know. No bout or high water vehicle but still able to assist in rescue efforts.
@ZoeyDollaz get those jet skis out there!
Are any boats coming from the northern states?
Can't get through the number I have a boat and 3 fuel trucks loaded in Louisiana. Can help however I can
Look us team rubicon theyll help you get there
Look up not look us lol
Are boats still needed?
Want to help with our company dump trucks with supplies and removing people please call 6145603970 or 6147330484 Cathy
Please provide armed people. Looters with guns trying to commandeer boats!
That's terrible
Do you still need people with boats?
I have a boat and coming from DFW, how can I help?
If anyone is in the southwest area, I have two bags of clothes &some diapers to donate.Trying 2 get to GeorgeBrown &volunteer need transport
Willing to help out in any way possible,
Disappointed as 100 % always in our President for not doing more but very happy to know we can 100 % count and rely on our Cajun neighbors.
Focus on helping.... not pointing fingers.
We thank you for all your help! So many people have been rescued here is Houston and the efforts continue.
RT: If you have power but no cable you can make an antenna with a cable cord and a piece of metal (a nickle). No liability just  a tip.
Nah - im poor broke - i got put outa employ by a guy with a new boat & truck ? -
Someone with pets & children needs help close to Pearland: 8019 Garden Parks Dr, HOU 77075
That's it asking for help but ? No answer
I have a lifted truck in Santa Fe Texas I can help
I am following in the Brazilian newspapers of the floods in your country! I'm sorry :(
Are volunteers needed to serve on these boats?
Sidewalks dropping...
Are you still in need of people with boats? I've tried calling the number but keeps giving me a busy tone.
Can't get a call through. Leaving Dallas tomorrow morning with 1448 flat bottom with floodlights. Heading to Cajun navy's headquarters.
we have a 12-person new Tritoon boat that is easy to get on and off the boat.  Please call us at 918-896-2737 if you need us.
Thanks so much for your help... Stay safe
RT
Do you still need boats we have 2 large bass boats ready to roll if you need us
Unable to get through. I have a 21' v hull center console would this be good? I don't know the area but I'm in San Antonio
@MericanMainer idk if you found your friend help yet but they might be able to help
I think they called and someone is headed to them now! Thank you so much
I hope they stay safe!
Smith county (east Texas) parole employee with flat bottom boat willing to help, anything he can do?
Download the Zello app. Add the "Texas Search and rescue channel" & "cajun navy" Chanel. They are coordinating.
-For anyone needing rescue in TX or has a boat and needs to know where to go!
Go to: http://www.houstonharveyrescue.com  .
Rubber rafts air drop
We would like to assist, we are leaving South Florida Thursday night and it will take us 18hrs to get there.
Thoughts and prayers from Colorado.
Would you please add that information here on Twitter? People with boats waiting for meet point info & couldn't get thru phone.
You may call Cuba if you want to. Perhaps they're poor, but I heard there have been no casualties in the island.
Have a boat that I can donate. Can't get through to this number. Please contact me!
BLACKS WANT TO HATE WHITES TILL THEY ARE IN TROUBLE! YOU DONT SEE BLACKS OUT THERE HELPING IN RESCUE EFFORTS! MAKES ME SICK!
We have a boat but the line is busy! May we coordinate Online? We are in the East Texas area and will go where needed!!
Can you help these people? 9119 Shagbark 77078
IF ANYONE CAN HELP 
 MY SISTER AND HER FAMILY ARE STRANDED IN NORTH EAST HOUSTON AND THE WATER IS RISING QUICKLY THEY ARE ON THEIR CARS HELP
Jeep 3.5" lift, 37" tires, 12Klb winch, search and rescue trained including water, advanced life saving/med mil training.  210-214-2754.
I have a boat and would like to help. I called the number but understandably the line is busy and cannot get through.
i have a jet ski 
Do you still need volunteers? I called the number but got a busy signal several times
@daniela62814711
Local, state and federal gov get it right.  And a great city's citizens show how it's supposed to be. Terrible damage but also an example.
anyone know another number?  this one is not working.  I have a big canoe but need to know where to go and if I drive get there
I have a bass boat and a big four-wheel-drive, I want to help. Call me at 830-302-1815
I'm in San Antonio but don't know where to go… DOT tells me I can't even get there
people like the old people move to a house were they can see if they are very sick, than what they look like
be nice to see if you coould get those with houses that been torn up got on a bus an move them out of the county or to a nother state,
I have tried calling that number, it won't connect. I'm in San Antonio, want to come help with the boat but I'm being told I can't get there
Willing to bring my boat from Sioux Falls if help is needed. Please contact me dan@dmcwaterjet.com
I have been trying to call can't get through on the phone- have boat, need direction on where to go...
Same here, want to come help from San Antonio
The phone is busy.  I live in Dallas and have a boat.  Can you set up a rally point and dispatch center on 45 so we can help?
Wow...this job may need to be contracted out to offer our citizens the best.
I have a boat and in the Woodlands 2818318777
Help her!!! Her number is 281-839-5606!!
I have a boat and am willing to help. We will be coming from Corpus. The hotline is busy. Just need info of where to go and if we
Are you still asking for public assistance? If so, use twitter to communicate. Public willing to help, but phone lines busy. Any updates?
#CajunNavy

According to corp of engineers they will be needing boats for months there!HmmI have a "tracker"could get there in a day or two from fla!

Where were they when Dade was drowning? 
URGENT help 2 trapped on 13118 maxwell rd cypress.single story .330.881.3630
How come there was no study about low lying ares and flooding climate change
Thank you @scotthoying for sharing this.  We in the #Houston area really appreciate it! #voicelikebuttah #lovesuperfruit #loveptx
Man im in south texas got boats just dont know if a boat with a 25 inch transim is needed or do i just ajohn boat. 956 778 1156. Bigor small
High Water? I believe they would be looking for water craft that can operate in very low depth water.
call the US #Navy . #Trump  use the marines better there than at wars. be smart and save u're people, don't kill other people.
No boat, but am a vet and ready to help if I can. If I can go and link up with a boat crew please let me know where to report to.
Please ask @LDWF
phone line busy all nite.  If you give me a location I can drive to and put boat in (coming from San Antonio), pls reply to me
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR RETWEETING THE INFORMATION ELLEN!! You are amazing 
@Richard27554006 #HurricaneHarvey #boats #help  #HarrisCounty #FloodingHouston
I want to help I don't have a boat but I'm willing to volunteer and help as best as I can.
Don't trust Ted....lying Ted he will take away ur cars n boats for his campaign finance ha ha ha
Should we drive from Austin with boat in tow?
Sad that @GregAbbott_TX & @realDonaldTrump left Houston #FirstResponders to fend for themselves #TrumpAbandonedHouston #TrumpsKatrina
local news showed ppl leaving San Antonio via I-10 w/boats, campers, RVs, convoy of charter buses to bring evacuees back, urban S&R teams
- we need to push CERT!

http://j.mp/2vupCtu 
Jesus rebuked the winds and water Matt 8:26 so can we. Father I command Hurricane Harvey and its remnants to dry up immediately n Jesus Name
There are people in Huntsville Onalaska Trinity Willis Conroe Texas flooding also & homes are lost.
Great volunteer spirit in TX but shouldn't we expect a more coordinated response to any disaster (natural or otherwise) occurring in the US?
We have kayaks and can help our great State
#CajunNavy info
Members of the #CajunNavy are organizing and en route to Houston for #Harvey. Follow the group below on Facebook for more info. 
Prayers for all those helping with the rescue efforts, and the residents' safety. #HoustonStrong
How can a firefighter EMT from another state get connected with a crew or agency to come help
Have jet ski and one ton truck. Ready at 6am
Help her!!! Her number is 281-839-5606!!
I don't have a boat, and I live in yellowknife Canada 
Are you still Of in need of boats?
@TheBloggess just like you were talking about 
I have a jeep with a lift & light bar, ready to help. Our number is (832) 620-1290.  We are in Houston at Drexel & Westheimer.
Stay safe sis!
Lights you need lights why aren't you bringing in barges that will hold hundreds of people
I wish I had the Honor to go but being in Florida cannot. Sending money. Praying. Trump Train Rolls on MAGA
No boat here, but I'll gladly jump on someone else's to help rescue. Navigating, locating, pulling people out while you hold steady.
Hey guys try contacting the FEMA IC that's in the area via your local Ham Radio operators and give them a inventory of your equipment.
We should deploy the Cajun Flotilla
Here's their fb pg..
I don’t have a boat or anything, just my hands. Anything I can do to help?
Now?  You're asking this NOW?
We know you are overwhelmed, but maybe post some smaller local charities we can contribute to. 

PRAYING FOR TEXAS
is there a twitter handle to send out emergency rescue requests given tough to get thru phones
I hope fuel tankers are on the way down. They will be needed.
Trying to call, and ready to get out there. Phone is busy though.
Ain't a big boat but I've got a tracker in the garage if yall need it.  Shoot me a line back (Near Cypress)
A tracker boat here in San Antonio as well, I want to come help but DOT says I can't get there
another call if you can't get through
If you have a boat please call 713-881-3100 and work with @hcfmo to help those neighbors in need. #houwx #hounews #harvey 
@TexasRaves
Cant get through. Willing to help. Any other way to make contact to Incident Command?
Saw this posted earlier....
Download the Zello app. Add the "Texas Search and rescue channel" & "cajun navy" Chanel. They are coordinating.
How about calling the @USNationalGuard @USMC @USNavy @USCG @POTUS
That was done days ago.  There are only so many people.
So many people?? USMilitary is way bigger than "So Many People" Breaks my heart. People R in danger but @SylvesterTurner didnt call 4 backup
The mayor is an ass and did not listen to flood control about  doing targeted evacuations. The NG and SG are stretched thin.
If you're going to self-deploy, let the folks responsible for response and recovery operations know you're there, and what you can do.
Heard a story about a guy who bought a truck and an airboat and drove to help out at Katrina, never operated the boat before...
It's really bad my neighborhood flood waters are rising

Good morning
Contact jet boats of Texas on FB
@GeorgeTakei please retweet. Thanks!
Surely there's farmers& ranchers there with tractors and trailers that can go wherever
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duck_tour  There's an outfit on the Alabama Gulf.
can we donate supplies to volunteer rescue workers? anyone coordinating that effort?
Read tweet from @BetoORourke
Just need to know where to go...
Where is National Guard? Coast Guard? Hope Funds not cut to much
What is her address?
Thank you for letting us know she is safe.  
@g_kendry1 i saw your IG post
Remember when TX government bitched about taking in Katrina evacuees? Seems like you guys are doing soooo much better.
I live in Lubbock,TX and can head out as of 7pm tonight. I am a Paramedic and volunteer Firefighter.  I have 2 jet skis. 806-773-3263
Bless you

AlertHouston: HARVEY UPDATE #7 (8-27-2017). Flood #shelters open in #houston http://mailchi.mp/houstonoem/alerthouston-harvey-update-7-8-27-2017?e=555e4c4224 …
Be careful. Craps there are underwater things that will wipe out your boat and you.
Flat bottom boats the best for this.
Kevlar-lined, flat bottomed airboats.
trying to call to volunteer but can't get through.  When not busy, rings until I get disconnected.

Download the Zello app. Add the "Texas Search and rescue channel" & "cajun navy" Chanel. They are coordinating.
Phone line is busy but friends and I have a high water vehicle and we want to help!

Download the Zello app. Add the "Texas Search and rescue channel" & "cajun navy" Chanel. They are coordinating.
I have 7 PVC boats I would like to donate, they are 3 men and 2 men boats Pls contact me 832-638-0655
Where r u I have a jeep but can't find a boat
Im at 1960 and Champions forrest
Tried calling... My buddy and I r wanting to come from Utah and buy a little jon boat in Dallas or something to help. Where to start?

Download the Zello app. Add the "Texas Search and rescue channel" & "cajun navy" Chanel. They are coordinating.
The flatboat flotilla to the rescue again - It's incredible to have this happen twice in 12 years. #Houston #Harvey #Katrina #NewOrleans
And now we have the orange racist nazi owned by putin, he could care less about anyone needing help! God bless our heroes like #CajunNavy
To be fair, we have more flat bottom boats in a square mile than the feds
yes Trump not doing his job risk your life the pros did not show up please be careful
.@realDonaldTrump .@RealJamesWoods .@seanhannity
@ArleySpillane tried to go help front yard 4ft deep with current ,had to return, maybe later
Be safe & God Bless you for your efforts!
Have keys to school but can't get there,League city intermediate ,was suppose to be there with CVISD team at 9
Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. Either you'll get there safely or they'll get in somehow. God's got this 
Better not to have created such a list earlier?
Why don't you armchair quarterback another time, genius
Ted, Doesn't our military have boats,helicopters,etc to rescue people in Houston? Why aren't they going activated?Need more than citizens.
Praying for all. #StaySafeHouston

Alternate number for rescue Coast Guard Houston Command Center at 281-464-4851
AND IF YOU DON'T - stay off the streets!!!!
No answer
They have No phones.No power!
#houstonflood #HurricaneHarvey #Houston #Texas
what can Houston residents in non-flooded places do to help w rescue efforts?? I dnt have a boat or high water vehicle @KHOU @KHOU
You can House people,take in animals.Be available!
I can help with high clearance vehicle. Where do you need help? Phone line busy.

Download the Zello app. Add the "Texas Search and rescue channel" & "cajun navy" Chanel. They are coordinating.
@TexasGameWarden
Have been trying to call. Busy lines. Where can we go?
Hopefully this finds you safe!

https://twitter.com/DottieFincham/status/901866035984379904 …
Tried the line is busy where do you need the most help at
clear Creek area & along Hwy 45 in that area, very nice neighborhood, friends wood also
Alrighty
Doesn't Louisiana have a lot of those airboats
I live in Dallas will Harvey hit their?
You should already have had this list and have contacted them two days ago to coordinate.
E-Prep.
It's a thing.
Holy crap
HELP WANTED!!!!  HIGH WATER VEHICLE OR BOAT #HARVEY #HARRISONCOUNTY @FoxNews @foxandfriends @seanhannity @SaraCarterDC @PressSec
Calling on TX Boat & Marine shop owners & boat manus to donate stock, build goodwill & rescue your neighbors!
Sadly, the only time this racist state will unite is in the time of disaster.
You need to get back to your cartoons.
She's been tracking requests for help from people with low battery or can't get through:
IM POSTING THE ADDRESSES OF THOSE WHO NEED HELP.

SPREAD THE WORD PLEASE YOU CAN SAVE A LIFE!!!!

…
@Herringbonez I don't know her & won't try to speak for her, but she's been doing this for many hours. So maybe someone might offer to help?
Many people crossing paths with RT of pleas for help, in middle of night. Why don't we have one central place to report & track that info? 
Because phone lines are down and power is out. In times like these, you do what you can to help. This person is a hero.
Many were working hard overnight, but she was first I found who pulled it together! I don't think ppl realize how tough it is to coordinate.
Easy to send out first blast with info, but hard work to track all those ppl, plus update & delete after they've been rescued. Amazing job!
Trying to call. Busy signal!
Nothing says "well-prepared" like tweeting at the public for help in the middle of a disaster.
...recruiting vigilantes...  ...vigilantes wanted....
Praying
We saw this with Katrina- Volunteers save lives, but absolutely contact officials to coordinate- the rescue chain gets people to shelters.
The plan should have already been in place.
Sending prayers.
They r sickening. This is a horrible situation & they r stuck on politics.All of us here don't care about left or right.Just surviving
our mayor is a Democrat, but our head of county government is a Republican. They are both working very well together on a common task.
He did not contact the mayor......
New Orleans mayor was a democrat an that evacuation went well too ... pffft
lol
#stayCalm 
If Manpower needed I will join, unfortunately no high water vehicle
Same here
