The beginning of the end GOP
Because the Dems have so many wonderful ideas. They have not done anything. Like their supporters they want to cry and whine but do nothing
At least in healthcare, they did know better.....So much not even Republicans vote otherwise!!!!
Let me guess you want single payer? There is a reason people in other countries come to the US for health care. And Government run is not it
Wut? You mean 3rd world? You know many countries have a better health system than the US?
Once you are deemed worthy, then wait for you turn in line to come up.
Who told you that crap? Look at the REST of the world before you spout.
I have. How many people have been put on a death path in these countries?  How about Charlie Gard? Socialized medicine will raise costs.
What? ObamaCare is screwed up. How can srewed up something already screwed up. Just end it.
https://twitter.com/CBSNews/status/888882602467262465 …. #hypocrisy
Mar-a-Lago requests permission to hire 70 foreign workers during "Made in America" week: http://cbsn.ws/2uLHJOi  
http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/343063-trump-officials-russia-meddled-in-the-election?amp …. Will we still ve the USA with the Russian agent in the White House and a complicit #GOP?
It's been 7 years of GOP repeal lies. U already screwed up @realDonaldTrump

I LOVE HOW U FAIL TO LIST ANY @realDonaldTrump ACCOMPLISHMENTS. NO MAJOR LEGISLATION SIGNED, NO CHECK FROM MEXICO, CARRIER JOBS TO MEXICO

HAHAHAH LOVE THEM FAKE NEWS SITES, MAJOR LEGISLATION PASSED BY COMRADE @realDonaldTrump ZERO!  NO CHECK, REPEAL OR REPLACE, TAXES, JOBS,

UR SO SILLY, GET OUT OF MOMS BASEMENT AND GET SOME FRESH AIR



Nope. We mean Obama has left the building. LOL  "Please poppa Putin, tell me the story about the lame duck and crimes that go unpunished."

You really did screw it up!!!!


Maybe @SenTedCruz should have been our President. It's getting harder & harder to stay with @realDonaldTrump. Talk me off the ledge someone
Jump
Why should we believe you #LyingTed? You cost us millions filibustering Ocare in the past only to vote TO FUND IT! http://www.cnn.com/2013/09/25/politics/shutdown-showdown/index.html …
He's right. They need to take care of the healthcare situation in order to take care of the tax code.  Nothing out of line here. He's right.
The globalists are going to stop him at every turn. RINOs like PRyan need to be birch slapped OUT of the GOP so we can make progress
@seanhannity @SenTedCruz


LOL Resist... Good luck with that sweetheart... Enjoy your protest. 
Thanks so much!!

Answer: must've been yours cuz it wasn't Obama's either.
Sean McCain is not a Republican and he hates our president if they don't get this done democrats will when 2018 this can't happen
Let president trump choose for the people,we voted him in for us and for get the dem and republicans.we don't need them they are not for us
Sen.warren and democrats are not for the people
They need to stop dem and republic and let the people vote on repeal oboma care because neither dem or republicans are for us
Lyin' Ted living up to his namesake. Economy added 24K health jobs per month so far in 2017. Repealing Obamacare would kill that job growth.
If you don't get anything done, getting re-elected will be much harder....
Get with the program.
#MAGA
Hope the top 1% still get their multimillion tax break that is attached to Rep version of healthcare bill
@seanhannity, so what do you suggest the ACA be replaced with?
Well you're gonna screw that up too so...
The GOP better get on board with Trump and repeal Obamacare stop fighting Trump senators at your own risk we will vote you out so do it now
People do not realize most doctors don't take medicare..Wake up liberal's..Clean the swarmp
Lord help us. Truth must be told.
lol ... look at the squirmy rats
Agree
I agree totally Teddy!
Tax reform for who? The rich. The mid class will pay for it in healthcare dollars, just watch and see.
Well, since you screw up everything, why not let it just go?! The intelligent world just can't stop at your ridicules democracy. 
When one is right, one is right!
Thanks, Ted, for getting on board! You could have been bitter, but you seem to see big picture. I'm impressed!
We wanted #FullRepeal That's what the GOP and Trump promised.  Give us the 2015 bill!
Ted tell RINOs were done. Tired of good ol boys sitting on there arses Screwing working folk while they waste money and chase sex partners
When U & the rest of 'let them eat cake' in Congress live with what U mandate..I might believe U care
@tedcruz
nothing to screw up... just repeal it ... and you're done champ :-p
#FullRepeal #RepealMcConnell
If republicans fail on their promises they will be voted out of office- if republicans do not support trump they will be voted out of office
Talk to your fellow Republicans then Senator they are obstructionists we will remember this @ voting And donations Time
Of course, republicans will lose all there seats!!
Sorry. Their.
Well said
They've already screwed it up. #TrumpCare is a nightmare which shows #TRUMP only cares for the rich.
so there is still hope that both will fail, Ted?: I'm sure the #GOP will manage to snatch defeat out of the jaws of victory again
Ooooh...you're screwed up alright.
THE MODERATES ARE WORRIED #DEMS WILL GET ON THEIR CASE IF THEY REDUCE TOO MUCH #MEDICAID,#FOOD STAMPS & #OPIOID BENEFITS.
WE NEED TO MAKE SURE THAT WE COVER ALL INCREASES IN #MEDICAID,#OPIOID EPEDEMIC FROM 2008 TO 2016 &TELL STATES TO CONTROL FRAUD & REDUCE EXP.
Keeping your majority will become much harder too. Do what you said full #repeal. @Jim_Jordan and @RepMarkMeadows have it right.
Try to do something for the people it's ok congress to make President look good
Hot day in the high 90 th today
Silly repub, your health care plan IS a tax break for the wealthy, funded by cutting benefits for the most vulnerable
Tax Reform was always the whole point of ACA REPEALthe only part of healthcare @GOP ever cared bout.
I agree with Ted

so what you're saying is you can't chew bubble gum and walk at the same time..
Marks my words: If republicans don't fully repeal O-care, reps will lose House/Senate '18, the WH in '20, and we'll be USSR part 2.
They better get tax reform done otherwise this growing economy we are feeling now will slow to a trickle.
In other words if the #GOP #wealthcare atrocity keeps failing, they'll have to work harder at some other way to give the 1% more tax breaks.
Oh yes, Ted was busy with his pals playing "Candy Crush" during Vote for FBI Director.
It shouldnt be when you politicians have nothing to lose with your cozy med plan but continue to waste tax payers money for your benifits.
Republicans need to get their act together or get out and let someone in that will work for the American people.
@seanhannity @SenTedCruz tell lying Teddy CBO says his plan is DOA #hannity #foxnews
Well @SenRandPauI @senrobportman please get this right.  Many will lose jobs in congress if something fast doesn't happen.
You screw up anything you touch.  It is time to throw u out of office.
I think he is right!
Put all senetors together no brains 7 years not a plan what a waste.
Why aren't we insisting in one health care for all!  Specially politicians!
Approval rating is like 35%? Yeah I think the American people care

Indeed,& if the RINO/Demo-lite @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP fail to govern the precious/rare trifecta of @GOP control, it will be an EPIC failure!
Well, then, don't screw it up!
So what's that tell you, you are taking money from health care, to give more tax breaks to the rich. Now that's SCREWED UP Mr Cruz
Good!
I'm so glad to see that you are helping the party. I never trusted you so if you can get this done I might believe in you again
Then send a straight up repeal of Obamacare like you did NINE times when you knew Obama would veto it!

#MAGA #Hannity
Hope you all figure out how to spend all this $$$ when the Tax Revolt comes. Good luck. You're going to need it.
someone please listen to Sen Cruz!  He's recognizes who he works for and has our best interests in mind!
If?? You guys are already screwing it up, embarrassing.
Must vote out all obstructionists. ..on both sides. And come up with term limits. OMG.
You make me hard
Make It Mandatory That All Elected Officials, Appointed, Judges & Federal Employees Must Use The Same Healthcare The Rest Of US Have To Use!
Why not ? Cruz On the Obama Admin spying? Why not subpoena Rice? Mueller-Comey conflict of interest?  Go on offense! Sick of excuses!
Hey @sentedcruz perhaps you should go on a real news station like CNN or MSNBC instead of this #fakenews garbage. #foxnewsisfakenews
2 get off their high horses and agree with bill so it can be reworked with a House bill. It is NOT the final bill!
many support Pres Trump BUT: THE GOP AND ITS LEADERS NEED TO WORK TOGETHER!!! RON PAUL IS A DISGRACE! JOIN THE BILL OR GET OUT OF THE WAY!
#Hannity and others need to clarify this! The path of legislative action requires both Senate & House! Those Senators who oppose bill need
Why is #Senate talking as if passing their bill would next go to POTUS for signature! 1st they have to conf. W #House. This misleads public!
Why don't you remove the congressional administrative healthcare exemption?  That will kick congresses ass to get something done.
Did Hannity ask him about Dads part of Kennedy assassination or his affairs with staff  or wife's issues. Seemed to believe them in primary?
Why? Because the GOP can't give corporations a massive tax break until they give the 1% a huge tax break with their faux-healthcare bill?
The GOP seems to be doing just that!  United we succeed, divided we FAIL!
GOP does not have the will to repeal or replace Obamacare.  . . never did!
Because bottom line, we need to get rich people more money.  Cause they'll share it and stuff
You must repeal Obamacare
The 5 RINOS voting against the repeal & replace,doesn't have a prayer for re-election.The  people that voted 4 Trump will make sure if it.
"if" we screw up....
hahahahahahhahaa

"if"
Another sell out. Remember that your heritage helps people not kill them with your healthcare.
Same if you screw up impeachment Lyin' Ted. I know you sold out your soul to #DonTheCon, but aren't you tired of failing so much?
@seanhannity @SenTedCruz | *says the guy who believed God wanted him to become president and then he failed him. 

The irony
Keep it up #IDIOTS #Democrats & #Republicans!
Saddle-up for #SinglePayer & #ConciergeMedicine

#wideningthegap
#becarefulwhatuwishfor
#MAGA
Think about this ACA is basically a entitlement package. Which is everything Republicans are agaist. We don't need gov. Involved in HC
Do something
By Executive Order, Pres. Trump should make Congress/Senate use our Healthcare.  It'd get fixed ASAP!
Repeal. .repeal. .repeal. ..first and foremost. .first and foremost...get government out of health care. ..let free market run
For the love of God do something GOP
Keep up the good work Sen. Cruz.  GOP needs to get this done.   Wish all lawmakers had stamina to stay focused on promises made to public.
Good!! The less you disgusting people do to hurt poor & middle class Americans for the benefit of the rich the better! #notpatriots
What do you IF WE SCREW ... GOP already did

GOP: "Constant lies and deceit are acceptable when in the service of keeping that evil [enter Dem. candidate name here] out of office."
Will Birther Trump pardon Cruz Sr and Don Jr?
We already know that neither will happen. Very disappointing! But, please continue with the DC spin.
*IF* they screw it up? They had 7 years and have screwed it twice already. All the GOP knows is obstruction, not leadership.
They are going to screw up tax reform also, the current GOP in Congress is incompetent and incapable, closet Democrats.
In order to slash entitlements they have to give tax breaks to the wealthy because there would be far less money paying for entitlements
Once again these clowns are screwing middle class people who just make enough money that they don't get subsidies pay more and more and more
Well, that's good to know. How are the two related? Other than that both give breaks to the rich and screw everyone else.
Then make sure you don't let it happen.
If u don't do it now u w/go down as  most irrelevant branch ever. Seeing  liberals use the courts is one thing-GOP hinder @POTUS outrageous
Can we really trust establishment Republicans to do real tax reform or will it be more delays, excuses, and pure smoke and mirrors?
As an American I do want ACA repeal,I want lower premiums and choices only a competitive market will provide.Btw,insurance isn't healthcare
Too late repubs
#Beto
You've already screwed it up Senator shut down.
Understand, GOP does not want to give up control (ACA)or want to reduce our taxes!They want more of both! All Congress Is On the wrong ROAD!
Good learn new word BI-Partisan !!
@seanhannity @SenTedCruz 
Cruz, Fox, & Hannity......can't get much lower than these guys.
Woohoo!  @SenTedCruz, ya do know you are being primaried?  Think you are hated almost as much as @SenMajLdr SenMaj.
@nytimes guilty of treason for informing foreign governments and everybody else of undercover officer
Everyone gives a shit what Ted Cruz thinks, right? #BiggestPieceofShitonthePlanet
I just wish Senator Cruz would come out and say whether he favors ANY kind of health care plan for the nation--a plan that would cover all.
You guys have been screwing up Obama care for over 6 years.  How many chances do you think would be fair? I think it's time get things right
Yes,  rich ppl need more and poor ppl well they need none! Is this when Jesus wept?
Saw you yesterday working hard with your pals LOL- #GoldStarDad
@tedcruz I can't believe the Republican Party anymore bunch of cowards we have the  house and the senate and you cant pass shit
As demonstrated by religion, purists die by the sword.  Good luck in being on the most moral high ground.
Seems simple vote to repeal only. Any @gop that won't do that can simply be replaced come election
Senator Ted Cruz. Why the hell are you still pushing a law that forces people to buy health care insurance they couldn't afford before.
Speaking of taxes, Mueller has Trumps, hence looking into Deutsch banks
You've already screwed up the ACA repeal.Trumpcare is an abject piece of crap. Why not fix the ACA? You'd demolish a house for a leaky roof?
Then do something not just lip service. Tired of it as all Americans are. All talk no show. Fire all senators who do just talk. Fire themall
You guys bow to the democrats and fight with each other.  I can't figure you out.
The 1 % NEED more wealth and the GOP want to give it to them via "tax reform" .  Silly  to spend health $ on poor and sick people.
The Disinformation Network is bad for America and so are all the people on the air.
Well looks like ur off to a great start there teddy of screwing this up
Stop calling it tax "reform" call it what it is, stealing from the poor to get bigger campaign donations from the rich
Thought you said it could be done on a post card
If we? You're using the wrong tense.

THE STATIC SURROUNDING TRUMP BOGGLES THE MIND. THE MEDIA ARE LIKE FLEAS ON A CAT & MUELLER IS THE COUGHED UP HAIRBALL OF A  CORRUPT SYSTEM!! 
Ted Cruz's amendment sounds really good  Definitely what we the ppl needDimms & Rino GOP are doing nothing while we are hurting
@ktrhnews @RamonRoblesJr @ProducerKen @GregAbbott_TX @Fabulous4thST @ABC @CNNPolitics @NAACP @BLMNIFC @LULAC22193 @dailykos @Oprah
That's all you care abt. Pass anything,so Trump can say he did something in office..you are all complicit

Cruz is gaining credibility & respect by working so hard to promote & get Pes Trump agenda accomplished. May vote for him when Pres done
uhmmmmm you all ready screwed up health care.
NEWFLASH: @SenTedCruz , you've screwed up Repeal and Replace.
News flash!! You screwed up!!
Target the bad actors. The overwhelming majority are for repeal. Name the 6 who are stopping this and hound them daily. Rand Paul is first.
So true.  No tax breaks for the rich, if you can't take away healthcare from the poor. #GOP Failure. #UniversalHealthcareUSA
You have already screwed up,you people need to do something for the American people not against Americans,wake up, or start looking for jobs
I'm a Democrat that voted for Trump. Unlike your colleagues, you're not afraid! Thank you for your strength and hard work.
Then don't screw it up. DUH
Ted Cruz would make great Speaker of House. Replace Ryan!
Ted Cruz he holds the bible high 
Then he Lies Lies Lies


Screw up, U got to be kidding. Y'all r allowing Americans to be crushed. Plenty of Bacon, Beef, Bread & lumber, yet we r being crushed. Wow
i see you drowning but my phone is in my pocket
You people want it screwed up to bleed us dry, and you don't want tax reform. You want a nation of poverty stricken slaves.
Your "Complete Lives" system insures that once you get to the age you can actually make something of yourself, you pull the rug out.
Senator Sir, We DEPLORABLES agree! Why WAIT? TOTAL REPEAL NOW! Keep your PROMISES! We VOTED for that! 2018 is NEAR! We WON'T FORGET! #MAGA
Ted Cruz would make a great Speaker of the House! True leader. Not weak like Ryan.
Hahahaha Ted Cruz!!!
No new tax cuts for the rich right? Never works to grow the economy.
Ah, nothing like the stench of propaganda in the morning.
Republican "MORE tax cuts for the TOP 1%" policies cause RECESSIONS. George W's DESTRUCTION OF AMERICA is about to be TRUMPED!
Yes, it sure does. That money belongs to Healthcare!!!
