But the Trump Bill will not do that! It will kill tens of thousands! Is it worth those lives to vote yes??? @JohnCornyn
Do you see what the ACA is doing to families now? It's getting worse everyday. I can't afford the huge deductibles & skyrocketing premiums.
What is your premium and deductible now for Nevada??
Job creation?!  Was this auto generated from some political tweet machine?  What the hell does that have to do with healthcare?
Dem votes. Too bad most of us who lost jobs just went out and got new ones. Hell, I got a new one the same damn day, myself.
Millions who were uninsured now have insurance.  This is fundamentally good.  Guaranteed coverage is good.  Less use of the ER saves huge $.
How can you justify penalizing people who lost jobs so companies can save money due to insurance? Many of those same companies fund Dems btw
I have no idea of your point here.  Do you have statistics to point to?  Unemployment is at historic lows.  Credit whatever POTUS you want.
BTW, until October 2016, right before election time, employment was still at all time lows. It's reversed majorly since election.
No, that is incorrect.
No, it is completely correct. Where do you get your sources? Mine is from state operated workforce offices.
7 years of talk and lies...that is Ted Cruz's plan
So we pay $8000 for healthcare and then have another $6000 deductible = $14,000 before coverage may start. Obama Care? = #obamadontcare
Stop acting like a democrat. You embarass native Texans. Reelections soon.
WONG! We need HC insurance that doesn't bankrupt us so we can see the doctor or go to the hospital when needed without bankrupting us!
Medicare For All reduces 17% administrative fees you pay to insurance company, & negotiates cap on fees doctors & hospitals can charge you.
All insurance companies have contracted rates based on Medicare allowable charges.
Do not betray us...vote yes on this health care bill
I am from Arkansas but I am simply asking you to Pray that your vote for repeal will be what God wants for us. We need repeal
Texans and all Americans need HC that provides necessary coverage as needed at an affordable cost for all. Period!!! Don't muck it up, OK?
Every time I see you up there with those other turn coats it brakes my heart.
Sponsor a bill, get your fellow senators on board. @RandPaul
Then DO something about it! Failure after failure...talk, talk, talk.
Paying 20 percent of my income with 3000 deductible.  Maybe Congress needs this plan.
Is this a Koch Brothers quote???
That's it? Nothing we just continue to sink while you enjoy your free insurance? But hay it's ok. Keep suffering it will implode soon. SMH
Vote NO, Ted.  Medicare For All reduces insurance co. administrative costs & caps doctor/hospital fees. Serve all people, not insurance corp
Ted you need to support GOP on this as this is not just your state
Yeah, cause you'd rather screw 100K veterans who rely on Medicaid to stay in the nursing homes....really smart Ted..
Vote NO, Ted.  Medicare For All reduces administrative overhead from 17% to 2% and negotiates cap on fee doctor/hospital can charge patient
And if you're poor/sick, the GOP would really appreciate it if you would just die and leave more money for tax cuts for the 1%.
Funny before Obamacare my health care worked just fine, I got it through my state when I had a small biz, it was wonderful, Y u screw it up?
If you don't have the votes for perfect, do the best thing possible. Doing nothing is not an option. @RandPaul
Very disappointed in Sen Cruz! Support the President! #DumpObamaCare
Cruz why aren’t you supporting Trump?  #DumpObamaCare
#VoteNoGrahamCassidy
What does that mean-consumer freedom?  Ted speaks gerbish.
Ted Cruz is not voting on Any Healthcare during the Trump Presidency due to his loss to Donald Trump in the primaries. Only cares for hmself
Vote no on Graham Cassidy.
Vote yes
Put on your big boy pants and vote for the health care Bill why should I pay so much for heath Carr
Serious questions: Can you vote YES for a new HC bill now and 'fix' it later? If you vote NO then you have to 'fix' ACA. How is that better?
Deep frustration from conservative & donors, w pace of progress in Washington swamp w Rep controlling Congress & WH.
You vote no, then don't Expect another penny from me
Job creation??? Cmon. Give us healthcare and tax reform will create jobs!
Americans, want  same subsidized, healthcare as Congress. And they deserve no less.
We need #Obamacarerepeal surely you and the rest of the @Republicans can work out something. This is getting very old..very very old.
Repeal Obamacare or get out of office
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy, or lose your seat in 2018!  #KillTheBill
No vote = Obamacare!! Senate needs to : "Ditch Mitch" 
We don't need another government controlled healthcare bill that's for sure.
This is not the bill to accomplish that. This is not the bill to get Americans back on board with Repubs.
A NO VOTE is a Vote for ObamaCare. Shameful!!!

Yes! So please vote no on Graham-Cassidy! #voteno I'm a constituent in zip 77002. I do not support this bill. @JohnCornyn
Be a yes! My son cannot afford Obamacare.
Are you REALLY going to vote no on that bill Ted?  Fine, you lost my families support here in Texas..I will not support your re-election.
Pass this bill Ted!  I voted for you and thought you were a true Republican.
You're a scam like the rest of the GOP. You stalled to say you didn't support Graham-Cassidy until it is too late to use reconciliation.
You're a liar and fraud just like Rand Paul. Get rid of Obamacare like you promised NOW!
Term limits I love that idea
You make me sick
You congressman get free health care and a bunch of time off our government should treat you like the middle class workers in America
Just do your job .I bet if you were  on the other side of the fence you would be fighting a different tune
No! We need #HC - are we not the least insured state in the nation? We need guaranteed health benefits. No "exemptions" allowed! Period.
This guy will say anything to get a vote. He is a christian so watch out! He will find a way to screw people out of health care! #Resist
He's not voting for it. So now what are you going to say?
Only because he wants a situation where ppl w/pre-existing conditions pay more! Not good if God gave you diabetes, heart disease or cancer
WRONG. You hate is blinding you, and Ted Cruz is much smarter than you.
Sen Cruz? This is your chance to put your name back in the positive. PLEASE vote no. Sit down with dems, ALL repubs & works this out. PLEASE
Please support return to regular order.  Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.  All the rush and secrecy makes me suspicious of motive.
No, Texans need better quality health care at lower prices. Republicans will never allow that
I clearly remember u said "Redistribution" being like Socialism/Communism. Why are you going to support redistribution on Graham-Cassidy?
Healthcare Job Creation is exactly what ACA & expanded Medicaid are aiming to do! More local clinics=less emergency visits, better follow up
Actually helping people? Fuck that!
If you vote no on this bill then I hope you have a bill too replace it.
@SenJohnMcCain @RandPaul @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  America voted for Republicans WE ARE ASKING you to fix healthcare get the job done
Won't happen. GOP does not the political will to keep their promises. I hope voters remember come time for the primaries.
We already have plenty of job growth in Texas, but Texans can't work if they get sick &/or die without affordable healthcare.
We have healthcare. We need competitive and comprehensive insurance without government.
So… actual healthcare and easy access to it is not the issue, right?
Jobs and growth. That’s it?
We don’t need job creation & growth. EVERYONE needs healthcare, not the potential 4 access to healthcare. G-C Bill sucks as is. Vote NO.
What are we going to do?  I’ve been without insurance for 3 years due to Obamacare .  Please stop the unconstitutional tax penalty NOW
Need doctor's first.
Wrong! Texans need healthcare that focuses on healthcare!! That's what you and other R's don't understand. 
#MedicareForAll
You and John wearing cowboy boots is getting damn tired. 

Nobody but J.R. Ewing wore fucking cowboy boots to business meetings. So lame.
I want to keep my ACA. 

BTW, your dark money donors could afford to pay their taxes if they didn't bribe you R's with millions. 
You liars have been TALKING for 7 years, only Obama policies to show for it! Vote yes to Graham-Cassidy or I you won't get my vote in 2018
Bots don't vote...or do they? 
Please vote no on Graham Cassidy, and then work on a real bipartisan healthcare solution for all Americans.
What u don't seem to understand is OBAMACARE is imploding! A no vote is a vote for OBAMACARE!
I'm saying thank you if it's true you never know when you see it on TV but they said the Ted Cruz is voting no against the health bill
Healthcare should be a Protected Basic Right in a Civilized Country like ours.
Insurance is not a RIGHT.  What's next? Insisting the government pay our car insurance?
You need to look out for your voters and vote no on Graham /Cassidy.
Texans need help with Harvey and the windstorm deductibles. Where have you two been. I am a supporter and will not forget the no show..
Stop trying to sell this disaster. Just reach across the aisle and work on a bipartisan solution. Your constituents won't mind
The obstructionist ARE across the aisle. Dems will not compromise on getting rid of OBAMACARE, which is imploding!
your voting against graham cassidy? another republican bites the dust. you guys are self destructing.
Spawn of Satan Cruz and Cornyn working for Russia want to kill as many Americans as possible with their death care bill.
 Correct.
Red you better vote yes
Repeal health-care
Obviously you have no interest in ever running for President! You will be known as a Senator who saved Obamacare!
And to be clear, that is NOT #GrahamCassidy #SaveACA
Government should not force people buy Obama health insurance
Obama care insurance I paid too much money !!! Bad bad for me .
Texans need to able to buy ANY insurance policy offered by health insurers - not just marketplace HMO policies!!   @JohnCornyn
You said right now u dont support it But will you change ur mind if they give YOUR state special consideration? If so that would be shameful
Absolutely!
Talk talk action needed
Yes, your right Ted! But it must not allow those who are sick to be singled out with higher rates and caps. Say no to the current bill!
How can those w/pre existing conditions expect to cover at same rate? Pay in a month's 
Premium and expect thousands $ in coverage now?
Has to be a waiting period and higher deduct possibly givng patient affordable pay off.
We NEED a REPEAL, like you and the other Reps said for the last 7 years!! Enough of the political games!
This means absolutely nothing! More noise from porn King Ted!
what? consumer freedom? u made that up. it doesn’t parallel healthcare
Absolutely! And CA, CO et al will line pockets, hire incompetent, drugged MD's on the cheap- THEN still bankrupt the exchanges!
Thank you for making a principled decision and voted by no.
If you expanded the ACA like they wanted you to do, it would probably address those problems.
Ultimately we must drastically reduce the overall cost of healthcare. Use every proven method. Supply, Demand. Education. Regulation.
Texans DO NOT need Obamacare OR single payer !!! GOP should deliver what they promised--quickly !!!
Actually, we need to stop price gouging by insurance companies.
Especially when they're enabled to do so by federal mandates requiring people to buy their products.
Just say #NoToTedCruz in 2018!
How about Medicare for all? Imagine the freedom we would have if we didn't have to constantly worry about our healthcare!
Work together to fix health care.  Do not vote for that crap you have presented.  You work for us
But we have Obamacare and it looks like we will continue to have Obamacare because Republicans are ineffective
Let's call it what it is, shall we at least begin from a common foundation?  You are supporting genocide!
It's here with #Obamacare
Amen
I have supported you throughout your career. But if you vote against Graham-Cassidy, you will have lost my respect and my vote.
You are the least person qualified to know what people need. Go back to your porn viewing - it might end up humanizing you.
Vote no on #GrahamCasiddy
Senator Cruz the healthcare bill dose seams a little vague, after I just heard u explain it! But can it be Tweeked down the road? Justasking
Of course Ted jumps in to pretend he's not sure about a healthcare bill giving his state the jackpot in funding. Get those headlines Ted ...
You just lost this Texans Vote!!
Lyin Ted - is an enemy of America - vote No and stop Lyin Ted in 2018
Please Sen Cruz don't take Medicaid away from those that need it. Work to improve ACA for all. #SaveACA  #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
We are not "consumers" of healthcare. We NEED healthcare and I don't care how many goddam insurance executive jobs your plan "creates."
Amen, pending bill doesn't repeal Obama Care nor does it provide "cheaper and better" as promised.  Kill this abomination!
You've been talking about this forever. Show us your plan.
I guarantee you Senator Cruz if you vote no & OC is still the law of the land when you are up for re-election my vote will be no for you.
Consumer "freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose" -- we've seen how dearth of regulation has hit the Houston area.
'Consumer freedom' does NOTHING  to reduce costs by half, like other nations with better care. Nor improves care. HC for profit is a FAILURE
Then vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill
All Americans need healthcare @ REASONABLE cost without compromising care or coverage. NOT the G&C bill. 15 nations do it well, why not US?
HUGE BLOOD MONEY INVOLVED IN GOP REPEAL of O'care.  Needed to offset lost revenue from GOP TAX CUTS to wealthy -
Bullshit. Tying healthcare to something UTTERLY UNRELATED like job growth you put the interests of businesses over those of the sick.
I think you are a brilliant and honorable man! Sound thinking, sound plans! I stand strong in my support of you! God Bless You!
They need universal HEALTHCARE!
Go live in Canada if think single payer is a good thing...long waits, deteriorating infrastructure, strikes by medical professionals.
We have that already--it's called the Affordable Care Act.
#TakeAKnee
#TakeAKneeNFL
#TribFest17
c: .@NFL, .@NFLPA
It's the opposite of freedom when choices r decimated by Graham-Cassidy. This is a horrific bill that'll bankrupt, harm, kill us. #VoteNo

#BREAKING: Cruz: GOP ObamaCare repeal bill doesn't currently have my vote http://hill.cm/bDUch3Y  
Then you don't currently have my vote.
Healthcare is not a commodity. Its essential and inevitable. Children, elderly & sick need to be protected! You can't cut Medicare/Medicaid
Thanks for supporting a public option.
All of America needs that!
Talk is cheap. @GOP preach for 7 years abt repeal & replace. U have all 3 branches & still can't do anything. Disgraceful. @realDonaldTrump

How's that #TermLimits amendment coming?
He only proposed term limits because he knows he won't get reelected
I don't care about job creation and growth when I have cancer. I care about affordable medical. I vote. Business doesn't. Cruz will lose
As long as insurance/drug/hospitals companies are free to profit off illness, there will be no answer...I think you know this
Look at that... Larry Fine makes the best point in this thread.
So healthcare isn't part of the decision
And that covers pre existing conditions


No more insurance pay medical groups directly. 3-5 plans.

Fact is, anything from THE SWAMP is never going to serve Americans now.
"Consumer freedom" why not just focus on healthcare that provides people with healthcare? #AskTrib #TribFest17
We lost $481 a month insurance to get a "CHEAPER" O-Blame-A Kare is $1955 a month and un affordable. We have had no insurance since 2013
I need a form of healthcare where I can choose my own doctor and premiums are low
Hhahhha. Tell that to #JohnThumbsdownMcCain @SenJohnMcCain  hahahaha
Ok Fapping Ted
Then why do all of your proposals do the opposite? #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Why is this a "consumer issue"? Why is healthcare a profit for some billionaires? Is that how Jesus wanted it? Making money off the sick?
@realDonaldTrump It's called the free market.  Repeal Ocare and allow national competition and associations.
And leave millions without healthcare like before ACA?
How many people do you think are without healthcare right now?  20mil won't lose healthcare - not that many in.  I have Ocare fyi..
And you give us 32 million to lose insurance and prices skyrocket...you had 7 years
Easy, demand people who can work to work to get health coverage to afford their healthcare. Answer to both at once
Who is not working who can work? I thought the economy was doing great?
Why do you hate your employers?
Patients don’t consider themselves consumers. They’re trying to stay alive.
They could solve every bit of this with a BUY IN option to Medicare for all Americans but Noooo! We need THEM to tell us what pills to take
The States need to be the primary decision makers on all HC policies and allowed to request Grants as needed from the FEDS.
What a crock!
Typing with one hand? @SenTedCruz
Release everyone's tda accounts and trust funds fraudulently held by the federal reserve and let Americans pick there own healthcare
#Lyinted at #TribFest17
Texas defunded therapy programs to DISABLED KIDS!  Texas turned the Women Health Program into a killing machine.
And they think Texas politicians will do right by us if they are in control of our healthcare. #SaveACA
Texans need health care.
Get a dem governor and your state won't continue to SUCK
Senator, Enough already we need term limits!
Why not let insurance companies compose coverage, let them cross state lines. Totally forget government controlled insurance.
What could go wrong ...
You should...quickly!
Exactly!  Imagine the economic freedom Americans would have if they didn't have to rely on an employer for insurance.  Single payer FTW!
Sounds like an endorsement of single payer to me.
