Balance the federal budget &
reform entitlement programs!! DO NOT raise the debt ceiling! #CutTheirCard!!  #UnitedForFreedom
Obamacare should already be gone and all you do is talk about it. It is time for action, not words
I know you will .
I wish you were president
The time has come to vote every incumbment senator out of office. Time for Washington to listen
Keep up the good fight, Senator Ted Cruz!

Georgia is counting on you!
Incumbents need to worry about midterms. I will no longer vote straight Republican, I will vote against every incumbment I can
The only person you fight for is you, and your colleagues in the Senate know it.
Very untrue x infinity 
Keep up the great work! #cruzcrew
The GOP needs to grab their balls start backing Trump and stop being paid off!!!
Agreed!  No #benedictarnolds #ditchmitch though
#CutTheirCard! #BalancedBudgetOnly! #UnitedforFreedom!
We do not want amnesty for illegal aliens . They don't respect our country . They don't don't teach their children respect for our country.
Thanks Ted. We need you more than ever. Speech last night was downright scary. Please be a patriot and stand up to this outrage!#AWAG
Please be the voice of reason for us.
Please fight for us all. May God Bless you Sir.
Republicans are no longer listening to their voters. We are watching and will no longer believe the lies

Republicans Fail when they feel Appeasing Democrats is More Important Than Doing What's Right for Their Constituents  DO WHATS RIGHT #MAGA 
Respectfully, sir, I am a Texan and cannot understand your continued support and appeasement of @realDonaldTrump as a legitimate POTUS.
We must support our #potus. @realDonaldTrump Let's get on congress to get #taxreform #repealandreplace
Poor Cruz. A man so weak he can't even stand up for his own wife when she's being humiliated by Trump.
Time to stand up to trump# impeach45.my respect is dwindling http://fast.you  cant say u did the rigjt thing after the fact.45 unfit
They say they do everything bigger in TX. Yep. Includes some of the biggest idiots to ever be elected.
Support POTUS...MAGA.  Collectively WE ALL WIN
How do u all GOP look in the mirror and like the person u see.why have u not stood up to the man in WH destroying our country # Impeach45now
We could build the wall if you ask for donations from Americans!

so helping women fight for their right for abortions in the case of rape.? Nope your state just made it a law that they need rape insurance.
Keep pushing for our constitutional/conservative agenda!! Do not be politically scared by the socialist Dem Party!!
Integrity or more Obama tyranny? Expel Sen Maria Chappelle-Nadel
Time to stand with our President @realDonaldTrump and Senator Ted Cruz in DEMANDING Congress, i.e. http://www.senate.gov  repeal Obamacare.
You and the rest of Republicans need to get behind President Trump and get something done!!
Cool of you to stop by Lubbock sir!!
Cruz, you despise anti-Semitism.... Denounce @realDonaldTrump
#ImpeachTrump ...   Time to grow teeth Ted
Have you visited Comfort Systems USA in Houston?
You're not just fighting for Texans, you're fighting for all Americans. Thank you Senator Cruz.
The next president of the USA. @SenTedCruz @tedcruz   He will keep an administration.
Senator;Please do all you can to stop this madness of removing all historical monuments. Its unAmerican to sanitize our history.Praying 4 u.
Ted, you are strong enough to be Senate majority leader.  If anyone can herd those cats, it is you.
Made front page DMNs today.  Congrats.  I voted for Trump and am glad that you are against sanitizing our history.  Took courage to say.
and you don't see a problem here?
In 2018, us Texans are kicking you out!
If you feel blessed and love AMERICA help get Trump out of the White House. 25th amendment isn't even a stretch. Do your job!
Genesis 1:28 James 5:16 Mark 12:15-17 Jeremiah 1:5 John 10:10 Exodus 20:13 Revelation 21:8 Hebrews 9:27
You are my Senator. I realize you're running for re-election but more importantly I want to HEAR and SEE that you are supporting @POTUS ?!
Nice not going to the dark side Ted, unlike Corker and Scott, proud of you, believe me base is behind Trump
Scott is a disappointment 
Too little too late lyin' Ted.
Here's a good response to our racist president, please read and retweet Ted.
Did you feel blessed when candidate Trump humiliated your wife during the campaign?
U better get to work backing our President or you'll be gone. We have a long memory!

Deepest respect for you, Ted. You aren't spewing hate like other Senators.
https://www.facebook.com/newlypress/videos/1870501836547522/ …
Call racist Trump out NOW. Get him and his racist family and friends out of the PEOPLE's White House. Stop being cowards.
Republicans are talking  but what are they doing about Trump?.  http://www.cnn.com/2017/08/16/politics/donald-trump-republican-leadership/index.html?sr=fbCNNp081617donald-trump-republican-leadership0148PMVODtop&CNNPolitics=fb …  The end of them or will they call racist Trump out?
thank god i live in california
Ted Cruz for Senate majority leader!

Ted Cruz is a HUGE TRUMP SUPPORTER & buckled under to Trump.  He hasn't said boo about Trump's racist comments.  Maybe he feels the same.
You've done nothing, this is one Texas vote against you
Your oath is to the United States and the Constitution.  Defend America against Trump. Forget party - Defend America your sworn oath!
You #soldout a while back you only fighting for yourself
#ImpeachTrump or resign.
Stop worrying about taking women's rights away in foreign countries! I'm voting Beto!
Stop shaking your head and do something. He insulted your wife and your father. How far does he have to go before u stop cowtowing to 45
Why do you support an A^* H#%} who emasculated you and insulted your family? Don't you have any honor or dignity at all?
Have you made arrangements for Natalie Romero, you remember the young Texan injured Saturday, to come back to Texas closer to her family?

The rep party never stands together to fight the evil left and their fake issues.
We are tired of voting for cowards who will not fight back
Then actually represent us and stand up to @POTUS. #IMPEACHTRUMP  Before he rips apart America & the Republican Party.
We real Americans and taxpayers will no longer support the Republican Party as you have now given the left all they needed and want
To late.. you and the party have allowed the commie Dems to dictate the next election and once again turned your backs on another Rep Pres
So you agree with Trump that those shouting "Jews will not replace us"  Friday night are good people?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ABeRg2iTjc …
Please help educate ppl about dangerous "color revolutions" Do not normalize the color purple. Purple has been assigned to USA. See Ukraine.
Thanks for all you do for not only Texas, but the country...
Like what? Trying to take away healthcare from millions of people?
Coming from someone who uses a picture of a murderer as their avatar that means so much...
I use it to show tRump's version of America. And you haven't answered my question.
You should start looking for another job. We will vote you out.
Yesterday Republican Texas voter maps were ruled as having discriminatory intent! Why don't you start trying to fix our state!
Discriminate intent? Omg .. maybe you can get more dead to vote drmo
Gerrymandering based on political affiliation is strategy. But doing it for the purpose of suppressing minority voters is wrong.
Minority voters r not oppressed ... geezz u ppl act they are not capable ...  treat them like slaves!
There is a deference between oppression and suppression. When maps are drawn to split minority communities and lump them in to large...
Poor minorities... keep them enslaved..and call it caring
Great patriotic senator indeed.
Vote BETO!!!
Since when?
It's obvious they are choosing to be the party of David Duke. They aren't even trying to hide it anymore.
Not for much longer I sincerely hope.
We're with you % Mr. @SenTedCruz #Cruz2018 #RedNationRising #LatinosWithTrump.  #ExDemocratBecause  #DNC.  #DividedWeFall
GOP IS GOING DOWN!
Repeat#ExDemocratBecause #DNC #DWS. And if that ain't enough, well how about hearing from one of your own#IStandWithNancy
..and another https://twitter.com/zandsabar/status/897479221450354689 … 
I n my whole family  who are many were Democrats  for over 40 Yes. Never again thank  you Jesus n our President.
If you want to truly represent Texans, stand up to our Nazi sympathizer POTUS.
Denounce @POTUS response to Nazis, call him out by name. 

Then you will represent me in that matter.  

(787XX zip code...constituent)
If you represent all of us, plz speak against PORUS's  Ike remarks yesterday.
Work with Dems to repair the ACA!
You can't fix stupid.. by the way if it's so great why does it need fixing
Didn't say it was great.
Really? You didn't say 'hey let's pass Obamacare this will work' or 'we need obamacare'
All that = 'this is great'

You can't fix Obamacare
Maybe so. We need single payer.
Yeah and bankrupt the country.. name me one govt run facility that isn't in debt... have you seen the v.a. That would be single payer
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow !!!
Thank you for all your hard work. Tax relief needed. Hope house & Senate can work together
STOP IT. u r NOT fighting for me. voting to repeal ACA is NOT working for me
But he is working for everyone who pays for it... Obamacare is a big fail stupid!
... until 2018. #VoteOutTheIncumbent
good, maybe y'all will quit calling us and begging for money. But I love Texas
You only fight for wealthy campaign donors. Tax breaks for rich won't help the 99.9999% of the rest of Texas
You've never received a paycheck from a poor man. Think about that for a min!
If only that were true, remember that time you supported a bill that gave away our internet privacy to Big Telecom? #wastedsenateseat
Then please... for the good of America! Do something about @realDonaldTrump re

Please. I'll vote for you even though i don't like you.
slimebag..
Not if we can help it. I'll be doing everything I can to get you out.
Me, too!
Suck up. Pandering. You're not very good at this Ted.
What R U fighting for TED??...................NOT Healthcare for USA Citizens!...get it done,......................now!
Ted, who do you prefer to work with you in the Senate from AL...Strange or Moore?
#censuretrump
Ted if Congress disavows itself from POTUS as many are suggesting you better be prepared for a huge backlash from Trump supporters
Get rid of Trump and then we can talk.
Name one thing Trump has done to harm you?
Correct, you are fighting to take away this Texans healthcare & you are fighting the ability to stand up publicly to this racist president.
you have done nothing on healthcare but a lot 4 wealthy donors UR not a TRUE Texan @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @indtx36

Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 
You represent ALL of Texas
#ImpeachTrump
Why is this ok? How will you fix it?
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 

He's fighting
Keep fighting Ted! Plz don't ever stop! 
Liar. You are controlled opposition. Get your butt out their and defend the President from the never ending Left-wing lies and smears.
Idea: Y not get the trolls off of here that keep saying stupid things about u Ted.Oh, I forgot freedom of troll speech
Vote Beto!
You have never fought on behalf of Texans. You act only for yourself. There's a better way: Vote @BetoORourke #BetoForTexas
Are you standing up against a racist bigoted president. If not you stand for nothing.
He nvr knows when to keep his lips from flapping. Maybe you brought prob to Houston, but the rest of us get along! Go talk to your lefties!
How many of the 16 days of August have you spent talking with ordinary Texans. Captive audiences at work don't count.
How many of the 16 days of August have you spent outside of Texas setting up your 2020 presidential run?
You don't represent us you don't even listen to us! HOLD A #TOWNHALL

If Republicans don't get behind Trump, the Party will implode! Republican promises should be kept!
Pence/Cruz 2017!!! And 2020!!!
That'the funniest thing I have read all day! VoteBeto!!!
Can you explain how one lives w/o a spine?
...hope you have some fight left for the rest ofus
