and we will choose different Senators in 2018 & 2020.
Policy that meets my needs is guaranteed coverage for preexisting conditions. It's not like car insurance and I'm a bad driver.
FYI the government doesn't choose my doctor or my hospital or my coverage. Is the  system perfect? No. But everyone's covered.
Semi agree. Wasted a day 2 weeks ago being turned away from every walk-in clinic in Kanata & Barrhaven. Son couldn't see a doctor.
sorry to hear but as I said, not perfect. Did you get help in the end?
BTW he is ok now thnx :)
Agreed, and where we can choose not to buy a policy, if we so desire. Mandatory = instantly more expensive.
we should have a system where pharmaceutical companies don't own legislators or 2000 law suits on bad meds!!!
our ability to choose means nothing if you can't afford to make a choice.
'Meet your needs' is code for Catastrophic Only and mini-med plans, i.e. crap coverage.
It's like shooting fish in a barrel with you, Ted.
how about a system where the government keeps out of my uterus.
@scottienhughes The goverment doesn't choose. Your INSURANCE  provider chooses what plan u have. They make the plans.
right like on women's health care options right..?
like some sort of convenient marketplace where I can easily compare plans and options?

That is a good idea. #aca #protectaca
you rocked that debate!
so an employer wouldn't be able to deny birth control ?
Insurers need to be removed from the equation. THEY are the ones who ration care through denial, rescissions and lifetime caps.
Nobody's complaining about choice. Everyone just wants you to fund ACA (ObamaCare) more so premiums aren't so high
Shut up Ted Cruz, you can't even standard up for your own wife, so you sure can't tell or do anything for me with regard to HC
YES!!!! My policy is pro-CHOICE, you do what you want.
we should have a system where our elected official actually does work. #wastedsenateseat
you are our representative, yet you represent almost none of my values. Can't wait to vote you out of office next round. #byebye
can I then choose what happens in my vagina? @PPIAction @PPact
choose policies? Where have you been? We can't make simple decisions with these lib yards in the way!
That is called Freedom and Congress/ELECTED are the culprits.  Code Enforcement is the Gestapo and KGB in Orlando.
If that's the case, I guess next election we will need to elect senators that listen to their constituents.  That won't be you.
Yes, we should, but not just for healthcare.  Government should be out of our lives altogether.
I shouldn't be saying this, being Donnies Dick and all but I chose patient protection and free healthcare for all. Psssst...
@RepGosar What does that mean exactly? Those are broad terms meant to confuse your actual position/policy/plan.
we already did

Why don't they combine all three Medicare,Medicaid, Aca and all have medical and dental? That don't make sense to me why not!
Let me know if you want to know how to fix the problem... I have over 20 years experience with medical cost containment.
Honest Americans will always choose to die sick and uninsured, then we can cut taxes for rich guys and MAKE RUSSIA GREAT AGAIN!
Nailed it! I just want to deal with the Doctor of my choice!!!!
I am ashamed that you are from Texas.
The problem w/ this is that my husband has juvenile diabetes and my son has autism. W/Out govt we can't access those policies!
moron I have that!
Ted is cogent articulated and armed with facts ...Bernie is just emotional and saying govt is only solution #CNNDebateNight
@RepGosar Oh, like Medicare? I'd agree to that. Medicare for everyone then...
We are grateful for ACA and what it has done for our family. Stop shutting it down. Please
@RepGosar All other countries receive national healthcare. This shouldn't be about access. Stand for us and not the lobbyists.
Uh? We do have a choice. WTF do you mean? Oh, wait, you don't know.
Give that Socialist hell, Senator!
Insurance providers make and sell the plans. Not goverment. Government  just gave them a place to sell insurance
I have tons of choice I can see any doctor and go to any hospital I want without my wallet
u just want to line the pockets of the health care CEO's!
don't allow Wall Street to once again run amuck!!
we should have insurance as a birth right. Everybody wins.  Oh wait the rich think they deserve better because....they are rich
outstanding conversation
I need my ACA insurance.
@SpeakerRyan congress needs to go after the insurance companies who are the ones who limited access and plans. ACA works.
@scottienhughes Sen Cruz health insurance paid for by taxpayers and we have to struggle for for our insurance. Seems fkn fair
Aaand...what system would that be??? 7 yrs, you don't have an alternative plan yet.
Most of the general public are brainwashed sheep who would ban apples if #MSM said there were "Assault Apples" killing children.
with private sector unchecked, these choices are theoretical slogans & de facto not accessible to a large share of Americans
What about the #TermLimits you promised to champion?
Interstate regulation of commerce is also unconstitutional, I believe.
You can do that now. You could do that before ACA. If you have lots of cabbage.
Hey, I think the "policy" that requires me to pay your salary sucks. Can I stop doing that? Good grief. #Idiocracy
great, roll out your plan tomorrow.  Oh wait, you don't have a plan yet, do you?  #DoYourJob for Texas
Fine the hell out of the IRS and make them stop sending extortioncare threats to people who are just trying to get by.
I wish you would speak more openly instead of dancing around the real issues.
What people NEED is healthcare. Before ACA, 20 million fewer people could obtain it thru that fairy tale "market" utopia u love
buddy, single player system can't be that bad most of the g7 countries subscribe to it. Think outside the box
we should have a system based on health not profit
wwjd?
let's go back to when insurance companies "omitted" certain converages in the fine fine print
Give up your government health care.  If we don't get, you don't get, on our taxes.
get rid of the Obama care crap
her question was will her birth control be covered under any #GOP plan ? #CNNDebateNight
It's an elective medication or device...should not be mandated.
Having ur stupid choice doesn't make it affordable.  BTW, Answer the effing question JUST ONE TIME!!!
you talking about the constitution?
Good luck with Humpty Dumpty, bro.
no we should have every America receive free healthcare..  why are you so against? You don't answer ?'s you just spout info..
Nothing is free.
it could be by using 25% of the budget spent on the war.  What better use for it.  We should receive like our allies
you're supposed to be a super Jesus Christian, but  don't act like a Christian you act like a Republican trying to get relected
