Wait...  are you calling  @SenTedCruz treasonous?  Seriously?
Yes. As former Cruz crew, it breaks my heart but he's just another one. Party over country or constitution. @BonkPolitics @SenTedCruz
I think he is doing best he can within the system & is going to be a strong voice for next few years, but get your pt. @SenTedCruz
You believe that if it helps. I'll go with the evidence. @BonkPolitics @SenTedCruz
Build ships. Build planes. Build tanks. Purge the oath breakers and enemies from our military, recruit & retain patriots.
FELLOW TEXANS, JOIN ME IN VOTING THIS JERK OUT OF OFFICE IN 2018!  #ANYBODYBUTTEDCRUZ #ONETERMSENATOR
Senator you have a chance to redeem yourself. A second chance sort of speak. Walk softly and do work with Mattis
Yea Ted it was so awful during Obama let's dump another trillion of national debt towards BS programs and phantom enemies
keep ur head in the right direction...I applaud your support of the Trump Admin of late.
Even though I wholly support the military, more funds are not necessary. You cannot lose $6 trillion and expect more funding.
put your name in the hat for SCOTUS who better to replace Scalia?
tell mattis Israel's capital is Jerusale, not tel aviv!
my man you were my #1 keep up work
how's that investigation of the Russians interfering with the election coming along?
And thank you Sen. Cruz for being a great American!  Perhaps now you can get something done!
Lets not be fools. Keep in mind all empires were defeated by expensive armed forces. We are still the strongest!
We already transferred our wealth to China. They own our debt.  We're broke. China will soon dictate to us.
Senator; If you have Pres. Trump's ear tell him to have his press secretary release honest info. Thank you for your service.
So happy that he was confirmed. One of the best General's ever.
Doin' good, Ted!

you mean that thing that's not a real issue. We have the strongest and most battle ready military already. Literally not a prob.
congrats General Mattis. I was rooting for you from the start. We need men like you to help get our military back strong.
I am surprised that Pocahontas voted for him
Amen.   Stay strong in the fight.  Can't relax now.
congratulations for Mr president trump.
We were safe until Trump arrived in politics and YOU & Russia put him in WH. Now we're doomed!
God protect you both
Thanks Sen. Cruz for supporting the "pathological liar" w/ the "mob"/Putin connection  @SenTedCruz @elflein1 @CNNPolitics @nytimes
you mean offense.  We are in countries that hate us and don't want us on their soil. You build the war machines why neglect here
keep up the great work #TedCruz
we,in Egypt are all looking forward to his efforts to abolish the radical Islamists that r plaguing the region
@notrump57 Go Get 'Em General 
@HouseCracka Thank u, We feel like were on a mission from GOD Almighty to take down SOROS & NWO Powers as they JUST said ITS WAR
Google it you'll see as he just Warned Countries to NOT TOUCH US.I think he's scared.We don't want WAR, but I'M IN
they are ALL oxygen thieves!
how do you feel that President denigrated your wife and father.  I'd be pissed, but I have personal pride.
you were my 1st choice Texas Ted, but Lord willing, Trump may come close to bringing back Reaganomics
lets hope we can get a running start
you are so positive and constructive, NOT!!! Can you say 1 tweet without political bias?
so we can keep Canadians like you out.
Ask him to teach you some defensive tactics against knives, they'll be coming at you politically next yr fr @GOP @BenWilhelm1230
Yeah, cos having more arms than the next 9 countries isn't enough.
I am a big supporter of "Walk softly and carry a big stick". Go Ted
Goldman Sachs etc etc i know corporate welfare obligations
you should not have confirmed him, or any of trumps picks... worst cabinet ever!!!!
how many times do u beg Trump and ask for his forgiveness about your adventures few months back?
.@SenTedCruz please address my constituent communication, Senator. I've written you multiple times, and have not received a response.
America is more secure tonght than at any moment in Obama administrsation
This was a great day for America; We rid ourselves of a pres with no credibility & got a truly great president, loved his speech
yessssss 
you need to eagerly looking forward to working with our @POTUS
definitely since we can't blow up the entire world 10x over as it is currently!
what will the Senate do to get all confirmed if it's legal use what the Dems did Proud of you God has a better plan for you!
Finally! 
you are Satan
, also please don't start a nuclear war
I think it's funny u and Ryan believe it or not ur part of the problem too. Ur part of the swamp u sit all day talking, big$$$$
ditto!
Dear Republican Senator: Please tell us regarding your vote on @Rex_Tillerson_
Alright Mad Dog!
@Foxnews I'vedone WAY more than normal,daily activities like those! What have U  done 4 your country?!Ur a hayter!
investigate Russian connections. That would help make our homeland secure.
