Am loving @tedcruz MORE each passing day! Seems 2 b 1 of few who is helping @POTUS with Healthcare! #MAGA voters r watching all the NAYS!
Am college educated teacher/military family who has served this nation 4 over 30 yrs - no Koolaid needed...have you served? #SupportTroops
#ElectoralCollegeWinner
Electoral college is the only win that matters the framers designed it that way.  Obviously some of us need to study the constitution.
Katie, seem like nice,YOUNG lady-Need 2 have eyes, ears & mind open 2 Listen & Learn-Big difference n life at college than on a battlefield!
Amen Ted!
Na, let's keep ranting about it on @foxnews like we've done for the last seven years.
Privatize , create pools like the old high risk pools, price based on # of subscribers. let AARP run Medicade, purge Medicaid rolls
And replace it with inadequate "insurance"? How about replacing with same plan you have for the cost you pay.  Now that's a plan.
Grow a backbone and stand up for those who voted you in to speak for them. Right now you don't represent Texas.
I hope you remember the constituents who elected you as senator, because those same people will not vote for you again.

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
To manage w- depletional Medicaid Expansion Plan McConnell must maintain part of Obamacare thru 2026 & that's in itself a proof = NO REPEAL!
AND re-establish the subsidies to fed government was paying insurance companies to keep premiums .Trump cut those subsidies-premiums went 
Why should taxpayers subsidize insurance companies?  United healthcare just posted a 50 Billion profit
Govt using taxpayer money to subsidize insurance companies been doing that since Obama started Obamacare & passed subsidies. UHC is not one.
Middle class is carrying the burden of OC ... its past time to stop playing games with our lives! Congress works for w the people! ENOUGH!
Please research how health works in Canada, UK, Australia, Sweden, Norway etc.  It works in those countries!
We know what government HC looks like and we don't want it! We are not those other countries!
I know and I feel sorry for you
STOP allowing any subsidies, bailouts, entitlements! We want govt OUT of our healthcare! We want an immediate #ACA #FullRepeal & #FreeMarket
Big Oil, Banks, and Frackers should get all the subsidies & bailouts! 

Ease the Billionaires' Burden!  

Work til yer 95

.@Forbes
You've been saying repeal AND replace for 7 yrs!Yet in 7 yrs,no plan acceptable for the care and treatment for your human beings was created
Gggrr not enough room....meant to type fellow human beings
Exactly! Do what we sent you there to do!
It was @seanhannity that wanted Trump over @SenTedCruz great job Hannity
And for 7 years, millions have told you what an idiotic plan that was
And that is the problem. For 7 years the @GOP obstructed while doing nothing for the American people. And we are supposed to trust them? O.o
% #FullRepeal #Obamacare hell!  I can't afford  premiums & coverage. I want SOME of the $ I earn! NO Medicaid expansion! #Debt
Republicans have proven to me that you're good at one thing #Obstruction Now that it's time to govern, it's one #EpicFail after another
Obstruction is a Dem handle.  Otherwise they would be helping to clean up Obama's mess.
This is laughable. Obviously you've never heard of Mitch McConnell or the Republican party. Hell Repubs didn't let other Repubs see the bill
You spent 7 yrs failing on Healthcare
Actually @TheDemocrats failed healthcare for 7 years, the #Rinos only supported it. @GOP
I am a Conservative, not a republican.  I blame the @GOP
Amen!
Vote NO on Trumpcare disaster.
Insane Oboma care has been law for 7 years, Prez Trump only been in office for 6 months. He did not lie.its up to republicans in senate
Clean repeal! Very few campaigned on "replace".
Dido I've been saying that since Trump won the primary.
They should repeal both the ACA and the McCarran-Fergason Act that shields insurance companies from anti-trust laws.
SenCruz  make sure the Ins you put out for the people senators and Reps should be covered by the same
You also said that you will replace it with something better! That very important part is still missing! Get to work first and then vote!!!!
Let's remove your #senate #healthcare and then design and negotiate terms later. #fair ?
We should also repeal payment for senators and congressmen, until we figure out what they're really worth.
We know what they are worth $0
Your Cruz/Lee amendment was demolished by #MitchMcConnell. This amendment as changed will do nothing to decrease deductibles and premiums.
Wolf in sheeps clothing...heres your proof...
REPEAL N REPLACE YOU LYIN TED!
You need to go into acting. Comedies would be best, I think.  
Shout out to #Ted Cruz for speaking 
truth.
Full repeal Obama care now!
Get it done already
Then why were you amending horrible "BetterCare" bill which was Obamacare fix+ ins co bailout. #FULLREPEAL as promised.
@SenateGOP Yes you all made promises 2 the American people, so lets get this done. Can't work full time, premiums 2 high, then u get fined.


This is how you do it. http://grandmathunder.com/2017/03/understanding-healthcare/ …
Thank you Ted. Repeal that mess and don't make a new one unless Congress is on it too
Yes!!

And wasted valuable time working for America.
Thank you Ted Cruz for being part of the solution instead of part of the problem!
Seems simple to me.
You should have spent 7 years planning to repeal and replace rather than making promises. GOP is a party of rhetoric and no substance now.
If I spent 7 years getting nothing done I wouldn't have a job.
Are you going to replace it with something better? If you need the help of my kindergartner, I'm sure he can improve it.
that's right, Repeal that sucker
THIS IS ALL GOOD BUT IF HE LEAVES THE SENATE FOR THE MEULLER SPOT WHO DO WE HAVE LEFT TO CHAMPION THE AGENDA?
Wouldn't that be nice?
What r u going to replace it ? Politicians break promises alk the time.  Bipartisanship 
 would make impact not 2 mention med comnty
So that's what's most important, whether you look foolish? What about what's best for the American people? 7 years of doing nothing. Thanks.
Why dont you repubs stop this illegal circus of rosenstein, Comey & Mueller Your an attorney ted Why is this going on.Leakers? Wasting r $$$
Please do it 
.
Yes please and how about having the same insurance you all say is good for us.... !  2018 is coming and your shooting yourselves in the foot
Amen
Repeal @ given date with time to put new plan in place, if no plan @ date, no insurance, that's the way to make dead beats work.
If you repeal Obamacare without an Equally good replacement in place.  I will do all I can to remove you & the GOP from office
You said you had something better - so bring it -
Repealing without a replacement is murder.
That's a lie.   No one was "dying in the streets" like leftists like to state BEFORE Obamacare.     Murder is killing babies in the womb.
We knew the Libtards were controlled by evil empire.We expected them to always screw us. It appears the GOP has surrendered as well!
You were so worried about getting rid of it, you didn't think to make a plan to replace it? #Traitor
@MsAvaArmstrong 
So you're ineffective. Try fixing ACA and not reinventing the wheel. Your hate for Obama is paralyzing....
Senator Cruz is absolutely right!  It's time for action not empty promises.  The American people are tired of broken promises.
Know what I mean ;)
We should hold these creeps accountable
Ok republicans, KEEP YOUR PROMISES for a change!

How about if all Americans recieve the same health benefits as Senators Ted? I ain't no Senators son..
Get on with
Just repeal!
This is exactly how BO &other Dems win n elcts.They know by #VoterFraud they v t election swayed n their favor.I can hear Hillary's cackles.
Bless you @tedcruz - at least ONE Senator is trying to do his job.
Losers. They have nothing but a shitty bill to show for all of their yapping.  Total disappointment.

Yes Ted get them all pulling in the same direction.  Republicans are looking very foolish on this one
Yes, Yes, Yes.

Conservatives like Ted Cruz and Mark Meadows will have to vote for a bill that funds abortions and Planned Parenthood  https://twitter.com/TopherSpiro/status/888514490186305537 …
Absolutely. To not do so will show the cowards for what they truly are...in it for themselves.
They LIED Ted they NEVER intended on Repealing ACA they never thought  @realDonaldTrump wld be Prez they knew w Hill they were safe=2018 OUT
The congress all ready blew the opportunity. What is he talking about? Please help me understand the purpose of the congress.
I hope it's not the latter either! We don't want you people to try another SOCIALIST experiment on us ! NO REPLACE!!!
Meanwhile, he's still pimping socialist Trumpcare.
Isn't that called sticking it to the poor and giving more power to the insurance companies without at least interstate choice?
That's what the majority of Americans want is total repeal of Obamacare. It's just another worthless welfare program. I am not eligible
For seven year's, you morons sat on your hands. All you did was obstruct any ideas or bills to help fix the ACA. #resist #theresistance
AMEN-REPEAL don't amend. Quit lying to us about repeal. Replace with HSA PATIENT based system rather than insurance rescue plan.
Ted Cruz
May be no dope,
But he's put us on
A slippery slope.
Bet on @BetoSenate2018
RINOs (all 52) never had any intention of repeal and replace, just strokin' constituents while filling coffers w/lobbyists money.
When you watch this clip with no sound and make fart noises it all makes sense. Ted and Fox speak in the tounge of flatulence #NoNewCruzNews
If you politicians won't keep your word to us, we WILL keep ours to you. You WILL be voted out of office, or WE WILL throw you out. Choices!
Right on, Senator Cruz. WHERE'S MY FREE BERNIE STUFF? Move to Greece or Venezuela if you don't like our free market.
What?  Oh yes get rid of you
And for seven years did the GOP have a healthcare plan to replace Obamacare?
Senator Cruz is one of the few senators that speaks the truth and doesn't waver, unlike the senate majority "leader" and most of the others
And you're such incredible fuck ups that you have nothing. This winning thing isn't exactly what I expected. At this rate I'd rather lose.
@tedcruz @SenTedCruz i know you can do it. Get rid of it
@tedcruz @SenTedCruz We need people choosing to live a healthy lifestyle. Prevention!
Yes just get rid of it
That plus ALL OF THE 2016 GOP PLATFORM needs to be enacted w/51 votes. Stop appeasing DEMS they R 100% untied against GOP plat. @POTUS
Hey Cruz your repeal fans are down to 17%.
Republicans have made false promises for 7 yrs, why should we believe you now. If does not happen by election time we will make a change.
Who can't always get what you want, but if you try sometime you get what you need.
campaigning for 7 years to "repeal" , you forgot one thing, let 7 years go by without working on a solid replacement.
TY I've been saying this since they beginning.  All those votes wasted to repeal & just for show
Repeal it or face the ballot box .
Talk is cheap, Senate and Congress must do their job !
News flash....republicans already look like fools....
You just didn't like Obama. You began a sabotage effort on day one. You never had a "plan" other than oppose everything Obama did.
Shame!
Ur party called ACA Obamacare so it would be hated. Then ppl found out they were the same. Now they like it & need it. Have u paid any attn?
#FullRepeal!
For seven years you've hidden the fact that @GOP gives breaks to the rich off the backs of the poor. Now the secret's out.
Eat shit, Ted.

RINOS in congress all voted repeal when the vote meant nothing. Too cowardly to now vote repeal. Vote repeal now to expose cowards!
#BetoForTexas #Beto2018 #TurnTexasBlue #boogergate

@tedcruz @SenTedCruz You're a terrible human being, no wonder so many people hate you (@SenateGOP,poor folks,Insurance comps,health Profess)
Go away " Terrible" Ted, you're the one who's going to look like a fool, if @GOP takes away healthcare insurance from 33M peaople.
You don't have a plan and we all see this. You all have been talking nothing but trash.
And during that time blew smoke and did not develop a replacement. I guess that was the goal healthcare a privilege, not a right.
some politicians care but politics has bcome not compromise but the art of lies deception corruption agenda. USA dying
@DerekOden3 he looks old
politicians would sell out their mother for voted to get reelected. The aristocracy is just too good a deal. Reality!
Spineless liars. All talk and lies to get re elected. Wish we could get rid of all of you and start fresh.
Count Chockcula wants to suck the blood out of every American
only as good as your word. Republican Party is filled with RINOS and this proves itFraud of representative govt xposed
@tedcruz @SenTedCruz this will be official death of Republic. The fraud of representation exposed B honest 535 represent themselves
Because you weren't able to deliver RomneyCare. Get over it.
Possible that for 7 years you were TOTALLY WRONG? Priceless!
There's a novel idea...#DoWhatYouSaidYouWould
So you feel more honorable to keeping a promise then having a heart for the over 20 million people you are wanting to destroy their live's?
You said that you had a plan for 7 years on day one to replace the ACA !
Just becuz you said a stupid thing does not mean you have to do it. Realize its stupid to repeal Obamacare and sit down somewhere.
Ya lets repeal and replace, so we can show how racist we actually are against Obama. Pathetic
Repeal your health care, you Elite, tax sucking leech.
Voters will remember, failure is NOT an option!!
Ted, you know you are a pariah in the Senate. Why even try?
Democratic party is worthless this will be remembered
aaaanndd.... You're the self-interested party of Obstruction, Ted. Face it, your greed is more important than your service. Sad.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6P40wLThbc …

Do it now!
Lying ted with fake foxnews doing what they do best. Idiots!
Don't forget the more than 60 failed repeal votes.
Thank You Senator Cruz
Lying Ted is NOW a man of his word ?
Perfect-give us your taxpayer funded healthcare plan then.
And for 7 years you have failed. Time to wake up & smell the coffee, Tom Tomm. Failure. Move on. Pick a do-able promise & get 'er done!
You had 7 yrs to craft a plan & secure all the necessary support for passage so one would think you would be ready to go day 1. Sadly no
Makes sense the Zodiac killer is upping his game and trying to kill millions at a time instead of just going the onesy twosy route
Come on Ted, go ahead and say what's really going on,  Dems & Repubs for most part are Globalist and Trump is In the way! That simple
Ted Cruz should be the Senate Majority Leader

Oh look it's the antichrist talking again. How to kill a bunch of poor people and make them believe it is in their best interest! GOP=DEATH
Either you really don't pay attn or you simply don't give a shit! ACA was initially a rep thing tweaked by dems AND reps. BCRA was WORSE.
So much worse that your own REPUBLICANS didn't agree with it! You're days in office are numbered! #VoteNoTedCruz2018 #MakeTexasBlueAgain
Painted yourselves into a corner for seven years...that's a lot of paint!
They've hd 7 years to do it. After 4 attempts they still can't come up w a viable plan that accomplishes all of their promises. Just Stupid
Back your word..
It was repeal and replace.  Trump stated with better, cheaper and for all #lyingted
All of this #Healthcare talk is a push to benefit insurance co's.

We The People want Universal health care for all.

Stop playing games

_
You don't speak for the people. You speak for sponges on society who want mommy government to take care of your every need. Helpless tools
You must fix this. Dems won't help if they wanted. Will never work with GOP would let country sink first. It's a MESS
This to me means you have had 7 years to come up with a plan. 7 years of megaphone politics with no plan and now no action shows no leader!
Ted - Make it happen!   That's why we elected you all.
... i suppose Cruz would have been a better choice, but the voters ( like me ) are SOOoo tired of career politicians... the swamp is full.
Cruz is NO good guy either.  He's talking out of both sides of his face.  He CAN DO BETTER but he's not.
You senators better. Keep your word, or 2018, 2020 will be a slaughter house.
7 years and you still can't get it right. This does not bode well for your intelligence.  I'm not surprised. #weasel #assclown
Yes, do what we elected you to do and stop the bogus Russian NON-collusion investigation. Put this energy into Clinton crimes instead
Exactly @SenTedCruz
You also said GOP would get a better plan than ACA!  GOP PLAN IS TERRIBLE!
HIGHER COST LESS COVERAGE & LEAVES OUT NESSASARY CARE!
Have you read it? No,
