


a shill for oil companies eesh not gonna happen
Can you really be that blind to not see your party is being destroyed by the one you praise? #Article25
Of rhinos that will no longer be in office starting in 2018 and we will not stop until they’re all out of office no one is safe we will win
Because the government needs more puppets from the fossil fuel industry to push the pro-pollution agenda of the .@GOP. The Republican Party doesn't care about the environment.
A climate skeptic
Who needs to breathe clean air?
Bill, you need perspective, spend a week in Beijing China, then let us talk about clean air.
As a Business Owner/Employer doing #EnergyEfficiency & #IndoorAirQuality I KNOW excessive Carbon Dioxide poses health risks - even death.
The woman is a loon who will work to destroy the environment. She is the LAST person who should be on this Council.
Proverbs 3:27 (KJV) Withhold not good from them to whom it is due, when it is in the power of thine hand to do it.
All I can say is #loseCruz2018
If u can prove the pressing need to explore treasured natural monuments and balanced ecology of the Arctic over other sources pls do so.
You poor people of Texas. This man is worse than a hurricane.
Oh good another science denier that will endanger us all.
It is my fervent prayer, as a Texan, that you will be among those blown away and forgotten next year when the Dems demolish the GOP.
I'm praying that Ted will win again. He has my vote.
I bet he has the votes of a lot of neo-fascists.  BTW, who do you pray to, Trump or Cthulhu?
You're killing the #EnergyEfficiency sector which creates MORE jobs than oil/gas/coal combined. How do I know? Because I own one.
We need a WH advisor who respects science & seeks a reasoned balance between energy needs & environmental protection. She does neither! NO!
She's an apologist for energy interests! In 2003 DMN reports the state auditor said she failed to hold violators accountable! VOTE NO!
Doesn’t seem a terribly wise choice.
How many puertorricans will move to TX soon? Go get their votes!!
WE must not destroy the wild food supply nor our salmon habitat. Here are jobs and life too sir. God will have mercy on the Earth so must WE
And destroy the environment while doing it.

 
each time Cruz tweets his pro Trump rhetoric, I think of Cruz’s wife... her husband kisses up to the guy who insulted her on national TV.
You just keep sucking up to Trump, be a man.
And destroy all environmental regulations
Looking forward to getting you out of office. Worthless Party Politician.
I literally could not care less about "pro-jobs" approaches that result in unacceptable levels of environmental degradation
Spineless man, you praise your bully.  Stick up for America like you couldn’t do for yourself.
Does he still think your wife is ugly and that your Dad was involved in killing JFK?
Stand behind President Trump and I'll stand behind you in 2020
Y’all should fight for the real truckers of America. Not the ATA who pays to play with the fmcsa an mega fleets. #EldorMe #DelayELD #ooida
Absolute truth Mr. President.

Know the real facts

ATA is trucking industry's  FAKE NEWS

. @realDonaldTrump  . @potus
. @VP 

#eldorme
Ted Cruz has dumb ideas that hurt people, and lies to the American people about his ideas.
per CBO: Trump ending subsidies increases premiums 20% by 2018 and 25% by 2020. Deficit goes up $6b by 2018 and $21b by 2020,
Please help the Kurds to confront the Shiite and Iranian masses in the Kurdistan region
Pro-jobs AND pro-environment > pro-jobs and anti-environment. The choice is quite clear seen as not having anything to gain all to lose POV
CEQ=commission on ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY. Are you missing something? We already have endless gov agencies including the SBA to push jobs.
Hope so. What's up with wind and solar energy? Seems like the environment is important. Do you agree?
Texans want clean air and water.
You’re gonna have to move for that. Abbott likes those chemical plants that blow up on their own.
WH CEQ? You did have enough letters available on twitter to spell that out, didn´t you?
Lemme get my coal shovel
If Dotard tRump and Spawn of Satan supports Hartnett then she is a danger to America and must be prevented from this chair
People ‘s agenda which is president Trump‘s agenda we are targeting McConnell Graham McCain Rubio flake McCaskill etc. there are number
You are the only one that is safe from the revolution that we are in we are voting out every incumbent Rino that is not supporting the
Breitbart troll- so sad - y,all will destroy the gop
Get rid of #chemtrails, that will greatly help the environment!
The #FakePresident #fakeshouldnt be allowed to nominate anyone.  This administration is a joke. A corrupt unhinged joke.
Get more paperwork ted cruz yes your master
Nice, another climate skeptic!
How’s your wife doing? Is she talking to you? How are kissing the ass of the man who disrespected your wife?
Your constituents are moving from apathetic to unhappy to angry to livid. Things are NOT okay!
Yep, strip mine our national parks, pipelines across our rivers and streams...don’t get better than that eh Rafael AKA Texas Tugger
Stupid ted Cruz

Whoa. Here the WH admits the exec order will  premiums,   taxpayer costs, and screw unsubsidized people with pre-existing conditions. 
I give her 2 weeks
Nominations mean NOTHING until do-nothing Mitch gets off his ass, like bills passed in house waiting for him to get around to it!

Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 
Trump and @GOP broke it, so they own it now. ##25thAmendmentMarch
yes, climate skeptic too
Doubtful-no decent self respecting person would work for Trump and your judgment is generally terrible, Lyin' Ted!
Lol trump coined the term lying ted 
Here comes the endless hate from twitter trolls
Jobs like your staff which has to search the latest wife cheating porn clips for your pleasure?
Jobs like sitting one twitter and attacking every politicians tweet 24/7. Get a life
Looks like you are sitting on Twitter just as much.
#straighttohell
