Sure! Especially when a big part of the wall is them!
Makes sense to me. It's not my tax money being used for smethng I believe is misplaced use of funds.
why do you make your female host wear a short tight dress?
That's actually long.
Illegal Mexicans here in USA can also pay for it by making them contribute for their free medical, housing, education, food no insurance etc
Great idea
what a joke!!!  Ted is totally a crooked goon and Fox is not even real
That's how it works. Build the wall.

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
It would come from the ordinary tax payers bozos!
The brilliant #TedCruz! Trump gets his best ideas from Ted! Go, Ted! Go!  #tcot
Love your bill
Too late for the wall, no one wants to come here anymore. They know better
The drugs are still coming.
Of course they are and we can always just make and grow our own .
What kind of reply is that?
good , brilliant idea
Just do it and while your at it take all recovered drug money any use it to pay for that wall.
Your bill uses Criminal Asset Forfeiture, they are taking his money via Civil Asset Forfeiture, so the wall won't get any money
Great idea! I think the only losers in this plan would be the Mexican govt who I'm sure would like a slice of those assets!
Viva Ted ! His El Chapo concept is the best . . .
Exactly.
It's a great idea. They catch a lot of cars hauling cash in South Texas. Usually after a large bust at the check points. Hmmmmm?
At this point the Republicans need to get their  act together and pay for the wall. They allowed Obama to give 150 billion dollars to Iran.
I am so proud of you.  Drug dealer $$ to help stop traffic is genius.  It will take yrs to recover but wall such a small budget expense. Go
I agree starting w the drug lords who are part of problem and making them pay is genius. Also appreciate a repub finally doing teamwork
Haven't seen any team work yet! I have seen tokens but no real solutions! Understand these Elitist don't think they work for us!
Do you agree? I do!
I completely agree. Genius!!
That is a geat Idea..Chapo made his money here so take it for the wall..briillant...Mexico will be paying for it..Fantastic
So....we build the wall and #Mexico-one way or another-pays for it. #Fairness
We spend $113 billion a year on illegals from housing to healthcare and we have @GOP RINOs refusing to cough up $13 billion to stop it.
Simply have the 30 million illegal invaders here in USA make a 1-time $200 gift to building wall. Make them wait another month for new rims
Illegals are living it up while Veterans Rx copays go up and Credit Scores go down. This is sickening. I live in it. See it everyday.
Our #Veterans should be protected just as they protect US! #Vets1st
We be love'en El Chapo building the wall. Go Ted!
Love this idea!
Great idea Ted Cruz!!!!!!
DAH, IF WE LITTLE PEOPLE GOT CAUGHT, POOF SIEZURE OF ALL ASSETS.   POLITICIANS, JUST LIP SERVICE AND NO PUNISHMENT.
Agree 100% I love ur plan @tedcruz Please get it through @HouseGOP @SenateGOP win-win solution! #MAGA #BuildTheWall @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Unfortunately the idiots in Congress won't do it because it's coming from Ted
Great idea!
Ho collezionato to get a pass. Yo
#BoycottFox #FreeBill nothing but a bunch of sell outs who gave in to the radical feminists.
I love this idea. Way to go Ted?  And that's how Mexicans are going to pay for it.
If the money has been confiscated ,, build the wall
Posted 11 hrs ago ...over 2 million likes  The American Citizens Are Speaking
Appropriate to redirect siezed drug assets to fund building the wall. Better yet to make this retroactive to Jan 1st. #MAGA
Yes. Please do that instead just talkung about it. Push it. Push it real good.
Because up till now You the money has gone straight into Cruz's wallet?  Or what?  Just asking. #LoseCruz2018
@docmurdock Exactly taxpayers been paying 4 South of the border Illegals 4 too long.. This is coined window of opportunity!
Please do not give up, Senator Ted Cruz!!
@nanaziegler @tedcruz the wall will pay for itself by not supporting illegals anymore
After wall,we need those armored cars that was used 2protect cops frm rioters &heavily armed criminals.12 4/sm cities 24 4/lg &36 4/extra lg
Use assets frm 1year(14 billion)2build wall. Then set aside small amount ea year thereafter 4 maintenance. Rest goes to law enforcement
You don't need to tweet the same thing 30 times a day. We get it.

works for all of the victims of the illegal drugs flowing across the border.
ordinary citizens get pulled over, no charges, less cash. ASSEST FORFEITURE) and theres a so called law that's says chapo needs conviction
@tedcruz reason you should have been president you're a genius
Sounds like an excellent idea to me!
Great idea, a smart politician. Wow did I say that? Pale Face.
Every mile of the wall saves taxpayers hundreds of $millions in judicial cost alone every year
Great idea, this is what police departments have been doing for over 20 years.
Great idea!
It's sounds like Ted Cruz gets kickbacks from confiscated funds in Texas when money crosses the Border?
EL CHAPO Act will reserve billions for WALL? use money for education and med research.we won't have to put up with you after 2018 elections
Ted Cruz you are right on point let illegal drug money pay for wall to help keep criminals out of our country.
Money would normal go to US govt anyway, diverting it to pay for the wall is just another way the US, not Mexico, or El Chapo pays for Wall!

It makes sense, I hate to say that cause i can't stand Cruz but it makes sense.
why not use the ill-gotten gains to pay the victims of the cartel, vice giving to same organization that did fast & furious?
Lying Ted, try coming with something more reasonable, quit wasting your time, try earning your salary
Ted you need to remember who exactly you work for and it isn't Trump.  The wall is his baby, not yours.
Using that logic, how long til all property of US citizens is also up for grabs? Legalize, decriminalize & tax it instead.
Sure. But a wall will be just as effective as our militarized "war on drugs." How about using $$ for addiction prevention & treatment?
Think about it; what else is the money doing otherwise?? Sitting in a bank somewhere? This will address the drug flow & other illegal doings
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz You know that makes U look good but there is no way to make it happen. @indivisibletxjc @maddow
I love it! @realDonaldTrump check this out!
Repeal and replace lyin' Ted!
Go for it
Mexico, for years abused US border allowing all other southern countries to cross into US for money and drugs traffiking
we have 2 options either invade Mexico and take it over or build the wall like China did.
Venezuela HELP, help, place
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz  Having a Mexican drug lord pay for a wall to stop drugs.  Lmao...Ted you're a genius!
Yes!!! LOCK UP EVERY BANK CEO at banks like HSBC and B of A that launder drug money and seize all those bankers personal assets.
Ill-gotten gains? From the guy who refuses to tax Wall Street even after they've screwed us? Really?
I bet they pay huge taxes..
How long has the govt.been trying to get his assets&it STILL hasn't happened!We're supposed2depend on this2build wall that won't be built?
It takes time for things like this to happen
Sometimes.But this ain't happening.The Cheeto clown himself can't even make a decision AND STICK TO IT!
He's made it pretty clear that he is going to have this wall built
Nonsense! He's flipped and flopped more than John Kerry! Flips on building or not, how big, who'll pay.
Uh-oh.  This is going to be @realDonaldTrump's next policy. And #TedNugent is going to be put in charge. #MexicanScratchFever
We should also tax the money being sent back to Mexico by illegals working here
@POTUS  Amen to that!  Makes wall even sweeter! Hopefully we dont need squishy Congress and Senate to approve.
I'm so glad @tedcruz is back, well, he never left..he is a REAL PATRIOT and he should be the next nominee for Supreme Court Justice.
I like that ideal Cruz...
Great idea, Sen. Cruz. If we could only get you on the SC.
I think the 35% should pay for the stupid wall. Cruz you are and will always be a self serving jerk!
So we should waste the money on a pointless wall instead of putting it to good use??  No sir, you need to do better!
ted did nothing in the Senate for years (party over Country), is he going to give back his ill-gotten salary?
What you speak of is #revenge and #notjustice. Your hatred just blinds you from the #moral and #ethical situation.
I am a new follower of Ted Cruz.  Bravo!
how about Trump’s ill-gotten gains from tax fraud and bribery?
Which completely sidesteps the question of whether a wall is ethical or useful.
Except their ill gotten gains came through tunnels....dug under the existing fence. I see your point though.
I love it good idea Ted let's do it let's not waste any time let's just do it now say it's done 14 billion to the wall now
@SenDuckworth
Good idea, make the criminals pay with their ill-gotten gains.
I agree with Senator Cruz
Yea buddy
Does that include Obama, Pelosi and Reid ??
K
Yes
#BuildThatWall
I don't agree with the wall thing on any level. But is the most rational, sane plan I've ever heard
The dems don't want solutions for the people they want co troll for themselves.
What a great idea! Any money that is recovered from drug deals and narcotics busts should go toward paying for the wall!
All drug proceeds from arrests  go to fund the wall
Great idea!!
Go for it!!!  Most sense I've heard yet!!!
Let's do it.
Phenomenal idea
Charge Mexico for any illegal crossing each person $1000 now that with pay of the wall ...
@POTUS @DonaldUS2016   The building of the wall as a reminder that drugs kill is a better marketing approach.
Best idea ever.  Let's stop the talk and get going.  Put that money to good use.  The wall will be a reminder that drugs kill.
Why is GOP treating idiots on fox & friends like actual journalists?Because illegitimate president watches them?It's entertainment, not news
BUILD THE WALL. GO @tedcruz let's make this crooked pay for ours wall. #MAGA
Do it!
Genius idea @tedcruz !
YES MR. CRUZ!!! BUILD THE WALL!!  WE NEED IT! 
Yawn, I said this MONTHS ago . . .
It makes so much sense, automatically rule out the possibility! Anything that makes perfect sense, our gov't will not do! I bet you!
A very smart idea Ted Cruz
BRAVO Senator Cruz.
So very well put.... And can be framed in focus
silly to even dicuss, what other use is there.use it or lose it.
Exlant
That Drug Money can pay for a double wall
Ricco would easily work.. Can't challenge that.
Great idea
Yes, states use money & auction off houses, cars, etc. from drug busts.
I love this idea 
Sounds good BUT, the problem is; How do we RICO his funds & property that is outside of the USA?
Yes Senator Cruz, push it through#buildthewall
So, when will Ted go after Flynn's treason payments?
Add funds denied sanctuary cities will be applied to wall. Both will chafe left's butts, more resist, more wall funded. A perfect catch 22.
That is a genius idea we could also get money from all of the funding for illegal immigrants and their college
Justice?? Then pay a reparation to the family of those that died in the hands of this criminals .
Just how much do you think they've gained? This wall is supposed to cost billions. You think collectively they've made that much?
-Is Cruz the only one in Washington that supports our President.
YES! We can confiscate whatever the border crossers have in their pockets. Yank any gold teeth or fillings and shake them down for jewelry.
I agree w/ Ted... (for once) We have a number of ways to make Mexico pay for that wall.... start w/the drugs
y are mayors protecting criminals we have enough of our own
This. Is. Perfect.
Ted that's a great idea I would have done that a long time ago it's almost like the Robin Hood Theory I say go for it or the Americans will
Using COnficated Drug money is not a New Idea. Where did it all go before. Use it and sell if need be Set up a Gofundawall page !!!!!
I think @tedcruz is on to something, let the cartels pay for it.... What a great idea!
This is by FAR the best idea Congress has proposed in.... well maybe EVER.....
LYEN TED your at it again Trump gave you that name he was right You are like ALTERNATIVE FACTS Kelly Ann which are LIES things thatYouSaySAD
Cheap shot. The president of the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA @POTUS DONALD J. TRUMP likes @tedcruz 's brilliant idea.
Alternative Facts like KellyAnn which are LIES SAD
Get it done
Excellent plan..Good use of their illegal money..PROTECT USA WITH IT..
 
Or you could use it to pay for things like addictions treatment, counseling for victims of crime, prisoner rehabilitation etc... #trump
Agree, but first we have to stop the bleeding  and then work on the healing.
This is a chicken and egg argument.  Focus should be on harm reduction and consensus among experts is that building a wall is ineffective.
Wall or no wall... we have to deal with the source!
Reasonable border security yes.  Billions on an ineffective wall, no.  

Either way, supply will always be available while demand exists.
U.S. customs makes more money than  IRS seizing money,  boats ,cars, yachts. Dems have there hands on this money, but dont talk about it.
Congrats on the most ill informed tweet of the day.
Wonderful solution .. DO IT ...
Mr. Cruz I like your idea and I really think it should be given serious consideration. It would solve the problem.
loving this idea; Thanks Ted Cruz !!
Except Congress already has it earmarked for something else, no doubt. Probably paying for obamacare subsidies.
Billions seized by ICE,If wasn't sent to IRAN on a skid by Obumster Dumpster!
Love it! Great idea
Anothet good idea
Simplistic idiot! What makes you think US is entitled to money sitting in other countries? How much will you spend on litigation? Loads!
100 days? Sucks @realDonaldTrump stop the massacre of Venezuela FARC EXTRADITION. No more PLAN COLOMBIA #BuildTheWall on border Mexico
why does America have to fix everyone else's problems we have enough of Our Own
Narcoterrorism is your own problem, threats in own back yard Supported by Russia Iran China & the Marxist Left Cuba Geography or naive?Sorry
we need it to go to mars, the faster we get off this dying planet the better!
Great idea!
Thats the only smart thing Cruz has ever said , he must of stolen that idea from a Dem.
Didn't like Cruz during the campaign, seemed whiny and full of bs.  I like him more and more every time I hear him speak.
#Cruz2024
Put a 20% tax on all $ being wired back to Mexico and we can pay for it in a week!! #buildthewall
It's amazing how many idiots w/little knowledge are able to talk so loudly and confidently with zero fear of being called out on wrong facts
Great idea Mr. Cruz!
Keep Chapos money out of the dems pocket and use it for the wall, infrastructure, the poor, the addicted, the elderly.....
Sounds good
Another great Idea by Ted Cruz.
Perfect ideal surely to goodness we can agree on this
This is such a great idea
Genius!
Great Idea From Senator Cruz!  Very Inventive And Ingenious!
The rest of the Republican party need to grow a pair like Teddy has. This guy continuously steps up to the plate to hit home runs!
This is a GREAT idea!  Love it. Way to go Cruz. Tell Dems to "stick it".
Agree 100% but @SenateMajLdr will never allow this to happen because it won't be lining the @GOP pockets.
yes every party will get their share as is policy.
 this idea. Creative
President Trump thought of taking all Mexican cartel money first..said it in the rally's ..@SenTedCruz still taking credit from others !!
I do remember that. I just want somebody to actually do it! #MAGA
If this works do some MAGIC on the rest of the PARTY GET some BIG BALLS or LOSE your JOBS STAND UP against the DEMOCRATIC POLITICAL BULLIES
Just give up on the wall and move on. It's not happening. So how about Trump/Russia. That's some crazy incriminating stuff.
According to Clinton staff new book, the whole Russia collusion thing was made up by @HillaryClinton after she lost! It's #FakeNews
So you are going to bash and call it Fake news when their is evidence and more and more is still coming out but believe a book lol funny.
They've been searching under every rock! There is no there, there Brian!
You keep telling yourself that. I get it you got scammed and you are upset. The investigation will reveal all.
Upset? #MAGA
I didn't vote for#PORUS. Why?
#PrinciplesMatter...but
