You mean a way for religion to dictate what women do with their bodies? Religious dictatorship.
They are not dictating anything, just saying they are free ti do it at their own expense.
No they're dictating that they have to do it at their own expense rather than have something medical covered by MEDICAL INSURANCE.
So your response is to dictate what kind of insurance the employer has to provide?  Employer provided insurance is a benefit, not a right.
So the option to get birth control through insurance can't be a benefit as well because a religious business owner thinks it's it's wrong?
Big victory for just ONE religion's liberty you mean. Puts Christian views above all others. Sad!
No,the govt. Should not pay for this, day after pill, etc,etc,http://etc.BUY  YOUR OWN BIRTH CONTROL.Or,show restraint,ABSTAIN!
This will also affect employer based coverage & individual coverage. Individuals pay their hard earned $ for Insurance. not the government
BC is not medicine for the treatment of an illness. People can chose higher coverage with more benefits.
Wrong again. For many women birth control is medicine to treat different medical conditions. You should read more
Try again. Less than 5% of BC is for other treatments. So, it may be you that needs to find substantive reason for your Feminist Welfare.
Many COUPLES (including married couples) also rely on the woman for birth control for them as a duo/couple. How is that feminist?
Buy your own..Simple Solution
Whatever happened to separation of church and state? And is it only one religion or all of them? Think carefully, Ted, before you answer.
Point to a part of the bill that excludes all other religions, moron.
Which religious freedom? Our government seems only concerned with Christian religious freedom. It will bite them in the ass one day.
I'm sure Muslims are fine with the religious freedom protections for bakeries and birth control.
So you're gonna make it where insurance no longer covers Viagra too, right? Because my religion believes that limp dick is God's will.
Birth control is used by millions of women for things like polycystic ovary disease, endometriosis, migraines, transitioning through menopause, and has been shown to reduce ovarian cancer rates. It’s not just pregnancy prevention. It’s women’s healthcare.  1/2
Cruz, either knowingly or ignorantly, is a libertarian, one step away from communist. Alt Right IS Leftism is communism. #GetItCorrect
You should be ashamed...hopeful you'll be paid back one day when your kids grow up....
Because religious liberty is the only liberty you care about huh ted? What about when that religious liberty infringes upon others' liberty?
You don't know me. But why are women penalised and not the man? Also I'd rather live in a world where we all care for e/o not just ourselves
First,, Men do not take BC. 2nd,personal behavioral choices should be paid for by the Responsible party. Your Choice,you should pay  for it.
So men don't help make babies...? I knew my mom lied to me!!
With your views, their appears to be many True Things your Mom lied to you about.
Brilliant baby brilliant
This is wrong. BC prevents abortions. Also, BC is prescribed for hormonal imbalances. What would men know...
I love this brilliant guy. Ted Cruz...
Yes #AlwaysCruz
All russian trolls do...
That's why Texas voters will be rolling you back in 2018. "Cambridge Analytical" won't help now that we know GOP is manipulating voters w/it
I know, rite! Christians are basically be out into lion infested gladiator dens these days!
Contraceptives are not a Right but they are common sense. CONTRACEPTION EQUALS FEWER ABORTIONS! Isn't that preferable? It is to me.
Agree to a point but time for science. Condoms better at preventing STDs, IUDs better at preventing pregnancy, the Pill has side effects.
In 2017, this should no longer be a discussion. You need education.  You also need to stop with all the religious crap.  The Constitution covers that and you and your cronies are in violation of it.  Wake up.  Start looking for another job!  2/2
Watch out Ted, they might come for your porn next.
Stfu, you better be ready to fork out more money for unwanted babies from unready mothers in the future!
So a business owner should be allowed to impose his or her Religious believes on employees ? Your Nuts Ted
Um, no, this means less is imposed on everyone. Choice to use contraceptive is still there, but others are not being forced to provide it.
Keep  pressure on #POTUS to continue to apply States' Rights principles. Democracies historically fail. Republics survive with God's grace.
Enough with religion already. It's not real.
Get ready for teen pregnancy to go up, surprise child births where the baby's or kids will be placed in foster care. More will be on welfare
That’s not funny Ted. You turely are a liar
Don't agree with religious businesses? Don't work there! Or maybe just stop being loose women with zero morals. Pay for your own BC.
This is about money & it will cost my family $840 a year. Wrong!
How do you feel about wasted taxpayer  dollars? Why is congress enabling this type of waste?
Whose liberty, Senator? Not mine. It's an intrusive and ridiculous idea that a corporation's religious sensibilities should dictate my bc.
Cruz does not represent the people he affects.  People who have never suffered seem to have the best ideology for those who struggle.
Happy and proud to have a senator who supports Christian Sharia Law. #blessed "theocracy
Right, first deny them insurance for pre-existing condition or refuse them for being LGBT. What a victory. Texas deserves better than GOP.
You care nothing of the Constitution
I call BS! Just one more bit of administrative sabatoge on the ACA.  Constituents against repeal so you choose to screw them #loseCruz2018
You mean religious oppression - employers forcing their religious beliefs on employees.
wrong!  The oppression was started by Obama's evil policies upon religious people!  Trump ended that oppression!
This is a crime against women's rights! You should be ashamed!
Why should employers ever have to pay for bc? Makes no sense
Time for you step out as senator
Can't wait to use my sincerely held religious beliefs to hassle ppl, John the Baptist style. Satanists r rejoicing 2.  Good times r back.
Right pastor Ted...May no one be knocked up because of your idiocy!
You mean a victory for religious persecution
it has been religious people who were getting persecuted by Obama's policies.  Trump is ending the persecution
I'm a religious person who's crying bullshit on that.
Mr. Cruz do u think the the Reagan tax cut will b passed. U get industrial, as do I. America need a good tax reform
Only if your religious liberty means that you can dictate what I should do, believe and have access to.
So some Christians don't agree with BC and those that want/need aren't allowed able to access it. Liberty??
Separation of Church and State...?
@BetoORourke I cannot wait until you unseat this SOB! #vote2018
Separation between Church and State "Right"
What about women on BC for health reasons, should they suffer? This country is not just one religion, why should one religion dictate?
Back our president!!!!
Repeal and Replace Obamacare!!!
A ridiculous decision, simply backward! This will result in women on low incomes having babies that they can’t afford to care for.
Buy your own Birth Contol!!!
I thought you were against Sharia! Or does Christian Sharia not count? I bet Heidi loves her birth control.
What if I don't want to pay for peoples blood pressure medicine. Shouldn't they take responsibility and eat healthier and exercise?
Dumb ? One is a Physical Condition that can leads to death untreated. The other is Vicarious Choice made by consenting adults. Buy ur own!
#timmurphy and #yourpreciouspornstash
#timmurphy
hypocrites, all of you.
What about all of the unwanted pregnancies?
I hope you enjoy unemployment
What about Viagra? What about other erectile dysfunction drugs?  Shame on you. Now your religion is infringing on mine.
You have two daughters I believe. Will you ensure they have birth control when they want/need?  Men like you are so easy to despise

Instead of Sharia Law  now following radical Christian Law....a shield for business owners to hide their racism, bigotry, & misogyny
Buy a damn history book and read about religious freedom . This is NOT what was intended and you know it.
The use of the term religious liberty would make Orwell barf.  It will be used to take away earned benefits.  Also called theft.
Weird #FakeChristians want more abortions...
Hi Rep. Trent Franks. I’m a researcher and abortion provider. This isn’t actual science. I’d be happy to educate you about it if you’d like. https://twitter.com/RepTrentFranks/status/914889566825385985 …
Slut shaming direct from the pervert in chief.
The #Snatchgrabber creep POTUS is absolutely vomit inducing.
Never forget.
@gop #handsoffmyBC You are aware that BC drugs do many other things to help women besides BC right?
Good Try..90+ % are for BC..And, Plamned Parenthood is a http://womens.health  provider. Any other faux arguements? Buy your own BC!
Denying women medicine prescribed by their physician because it doesn't adhere to your religious beliefs is akin to Christian sharia law.
This is wrong on every level. We're watching, we're contributing to Beto's campaign, & we're voting you out in 2018.
Think about this Rafael, where do your morals stand?
Denying women birth control based on morality: so can i not pay my TX taxes because i (and Church) am morally opposed to Capital punishment?
god you're the worst
This is all the Texas Tugger has to offer...
And while you cut Medicare/Medicaid, and other programs that benefit women Your hypocrisy shows.
Amen!
Senator do you also think it's OK for Gay and Trans people to be fired because of their Employees Religious Convictions ?
Stupid ? R homosexuals getting pregnant?Only if they break Company Policies. Cross dress all you want  "off the job."
YOUR religious liberty. You are destroying mine.
It's going to cost GOP votes.
No one took anyones BC nuns just don't have to pay for it
If you dont like Catholicism 
Dont work for Catholics
Its not hard
No it is a slap to women. Religion does not belong in government or workplace. Horrible use of gov oversight
Крещение мусульман - это условие для миграции.
thank God trump was the only rep  candidate that could do that. all praise to dear leader.
Religious groups were already exempt!
VICTORY!#MAGA#TRUMP
Victory for the Teahadists.
The Imam of First Baptist Dallas is so proud
When are you religious idiots going to figure out that affordable birth control prevents unwanted pregnancies and therefore stops abortions
If the gov't denies any woman her repro choices, including bc, it must also deny payment for ED drugs. God loves limp dicks.
Enjoy it Ted! You’re going to lose your seat to Beto!
Repeal Obamacare! Anything less is irrelevant. The middle class can’t afford the premiums.
Lying ted isn't going to do the right thing
And a significant statement on how Congress views woman. Why is Viagra still covered?
You're a bad person
GOP = loss of birth control, loss of pre-natal health care, loss of CHIPS, loss of SNAP. DON'T tell me you're the pro-life party.
"You're an idiot" is the best 140 or less I got. This is not a religion question. It's a health question. And your dabbling too deep
Bet your as "Pro Life" as Tim Murphy (R-PA) was /is

How about a ban on Automatic Firing Guns that is a bigger threat toward human life than a woman using Contraception
American sharia law enacted
How does is rollback a victory for Religious Liberty ? You mean a business owner can impose his or her believes on his employees ?
This nation is founded on separation of church and state. Religious fundamentalism prevents rational, logical judgment.
More like imposition your religious beliefs on me. Go screw yourself pig.

http://8harps.com 

Seperation of Church 'n State............ever heard of it TED??
There are 2 clauses:
1 Establishment
(shall not make one)
2 Free exercise
(shall not interfere in)
Why does everyone forget the 2nd clause?
Where's the plan for my 2018 @Change_HC TED???(grandstanding fool)
U make me ashamed to be an American.............your a fraud.
Thankfully the previous administration didn't restrict internet porn, right @SenTedCruz ? You would really be upset, instead of fake upset.
What do you plan on doing for the millions of babies born to females unable to raise them?? Ya gonna make the daddies help or pray more?
If you can't pay don't play
New here.  What was the mandate?
and a significant loss for women and their place in the workplace. :-(   "Hey Boss, please can I get birth control?"
What everyone should know about Ted Cruz's extremist and anti-constitutional religious background.
isnt real freedom individual choice, if you dont believe in it, dont use it, but taking away from all for a groups beliefs is unamerican
#BetoForTexas
Texans aren't interested in "Potty Mouth Leadership". They want a leaders of integrity like @tedcruz. #KeepTexasRed #CruzCrew #TedCruz
Betos gonna grab Texas by the pussy
So employers not covering BC because of religion is protected by 1A, employers protecting employees’ 1A rights to free speech is not ok.
On that we absolutely agree!
#BetoForTexas #CruzOutIn18 #TedCruzPornCoward #SaveACA #ImpeachTrump
You can worry about your religious liberty as a Christian being infringed upon when Christmas is no longer a federal holiday.
What about the separation between church and state?
@tedcruz has to pander to religious people to get votes. He's a hypocrite. He also spoke to a hate group this week.
Support the President would you plz. Put “your” principles aside and help him succeed or 18 could be ugly!
Contraception is a religious issue? Seriously?
yeah, if you don't believe in it, why should you be forced to pay for someone else?
I don't believe in roads. You can no longer have roads.
Fine, don't use my road, that I'll build myself. These people can still get birth control they just have to buy it themselves.
YOUR road? OUR tax dollars pay for those roads.
fucks sake dude his example was shit anyway. But yeah if, on my property I build a road, you do not have the right to come drive on it.
Ok I promise to stay out of your personal driveway.
Thank you, Stephen, for protecting my privacy. It's that easy folks.
What about watching porn behind your wife’s back? Is that religious liberty too?
That and forcing someone else to pay for your lifestyle is pretty awful. Do what you want, don't make me pay for it.
