It’s “and me” not “and I.”
It is definitely "and I"
Watched it and actually felt bad for Sanders he was red faced and shaking a lot.  Cruz was very prepared.
The Presidential Debate I wanted last year. Have at it gentlemen!
You do nothing but LIE just like @realDonaldTrump I am a middle class mother of 4;including a Marine, No #TaxReform Expand #education #Pell
#Obamacare is too complicated to be dismantled by neanderthals.
Why not? It was created by them.
Why try! It's just $7B...& plus they harvest benefits from it the most...just like they benefit from food-stamps.
You mean Bernie the sellout lose his ass?
IRS death tax exemption for 2017 is 5.49 million per individual.That means you can leave 5.49 mil to your heirs tax free.It’s 11 mil married
How many Americans have an estate of 5.49 million? It can raised to accommodate the wealthy, but funding the middle class will bear burden
you schooled him Ted!!! We appreciate your wisdom and intellect!! Ted!!!!
Not on your life.  Will NEVER watch ANYTHING on CNN!!!
His name is Senator Sanders big mouth Cruz show respect little Donnie
You mopped the floor with Bernie....Viva Venezuela, Bernie.. how's socialism working out?
Hell yeah and @SenSanders will demolish your every thought and comment..
Hahahahahah.... Sanders? Bernie Sanders? Are we talking about the same guy?
Hands down Cruz will wipe the floor with Sanders
I don’t watch CNN fake news media. But I watch on here . You are right!!!
Cruz, you’re gonna get schooled.
@tedcruz you talk big talk to cover the real tax lies. Your system is crooked.
Clown news network probably fixed the debate!
Give him a tongue lashing, Ted!
Why is Bernie  so much more  popular  than u?

It's time to debate with Bernie. Tune in now. #CNNDebateNight 
Sanders probably wants us to pay all the taxes for the dreamers
I feel bad for your family. #votethemout #TrumpTaxScam
How do you debate an idiot. Sanders needs to retire.
Ted seeks out TV cameras. #CNNDebateNight
Don’t watch fnn sorry
Socialist Russian rule of life vs. Cruz,the American view.
Bernie already won
Remember when trump said ted cruz's father killed JFK? 
I will tune in Ted .
Bernie is probably going to tear you a new one!
Sorry I don't watch CNN you know the editing they do will make you look foolish
Don't beat  him up too badly Ted.  He is of limited mental ability.

Nope - neither of you are worth watching
@SenSanders is a sellout who wants to make America Venezuela. What's insane is that gullible ppl follow him bc he promises free everything
I'm sorry, I can't watch @SenTedCruz destroy @SenSanders again in a debate. It just isn't humane.
Nope. Nope. Nope. No CNN for me.
Sorry Ted, it's great that you're my senator. But I will not pay to watch anything on CNN.
If only the Bernie bros weren’t socialists.
HA! Ted Cruz just said, "y'all". Pander much??
NOT EVEN YOU being on that filthy network could convince me to turn it to @CNN, Senator.

Nothing will - ever again.
I'm sure CNN is heartbroken.
Go Ted! Rake that whiner up one side and down the other.
Sorry I don’t watch CNN it make me sick
Why?
What's to debate? Crazy Bernie wants everyone taxed at 90%. Someone please admit him to a home.
Love you Cruz... but, have learned how to block CNN on my direct TV - so, I’ll have to read the highlights! Take him down sir!
After you get through mopping up the floor with @SenSanders dump a few of @CNN s anchors in the mop  water
Not sure how much of a "debate" it's really gonna be.
Sorry, I refuse to watch CNN. Why did you pick a phony communist for the debate?
I'll keeping repeating myself until you listen!! You should be holding public #Townhalls here in TX to debate with us your constituents!!!
So the Alt-Left and Alt-Right are going to battle it out. The Tea Party vs. the Socialists. God forbid they pick anyone reasonable.
I’ll be praying for you Ted.
Get him Ted FBI Investigation? Owns How Many Homes?
Only time I’ll watch @CNN
Sorry, don't watch fake news Ted
Not a chance in hell of watching CNN you must be out of your mind only bottom of the barrel special place in hell liberals watch that crap
Definitely watching the tax reform Debate.You Senator Cruz,CNN not so much.Rt#Cnndebate9pmest#MustwatchTV
Might as well be debating Kim Jong Un or Nikita Khrushchev- waist of time.
To accurately call it a debate @SenTedCruz, there needs to be 2 intelligent conversations. You are bringing the only one. @SenSanders @CNN
Oh Teddy I hope you stayed at a holiday inn last night otherwise Bernies gonna make you look as dumb as a stump..
We're ready! You'll do well. As always 
#CruzCrew
Debate?
Can't wait!! #CruzCrew
Go Ted!  #CruzCrew
You’ve got this Mr. Cruz.
I'll be glad to watch you when you go on a legitimate news network
Debating crazy uncle Bernie the socialist is like beating your head against a brick wall! Liberal lunatics like this are a waste of time.
This is like shooting fish in a barrel. Socialism doesn’t work.
Sorry Senator. CNN is not worth my attention. I anxiously await reports of your comments however.
Force Bernie to talk and not yell....instantly the slogans and buzz phrases loose their effect.

Elmo is not a socialist! He too adorable ;)
That nickname of yours in not really acurate I see
Bernie is a sellout. Worshipping him just makes you suckers.
Ted respond to our correspondence @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @indivisibletx03 @TX23Indivisible @TXDemWomen
Crush the commie 🖒🖒🖒
YAY GO @tedcruz
I tuned in early thinking it started @ 8pm.
Part of me wants to, part of me had mentally checked out
Why watch? Cruz will bury Crazy Bernie all day long.

you both lost lol
