Of course no one involved in this "article"or Ted Cruz, or his supporters,  can define the word socialism... but they looooooove saying it.
Why does the tax plan cut healthcare??
The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Government should have never been in health care to begin with, they, the Democrats nearly destroyed it
So that makes you want premiums to increase?
1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
News flash, under Demonrats up to 160% increase already realized
So you want them to go higher faster?
Nearly 70% of people hurt by Trump cuts to health care subsidies live in states he won. @AP_Christina @MeghanHoyer. http://apne.ws/7iNtKD4 
It's always worse when it's a Republican?  Open your eyes, actually read it not just take msm word
Sure, link to your sources.
Here, based on prior Tax Policy Ctr estimates, is what I'd ballpark as the 10-yr revenue cost, and the avg. benefit for millionaires.  5/ 
Teddy you've spent a good deal of time patting yourself on the back today. So where are you on NK, PR, gun control & relevant issues. Fool.

So that makes you a bully like trump nothing honorable! Bernie is 10 times the man you will ever be
Is it just me or did ted Cruz crush it
Just rewatched the debate, Ted Cruz is by far the best GOP debater and voice.  Need more debates like this!
how about a less explosive caption, try " 8 times Ted Cruz, showed how conservatism works better than socialism" stop fueling the fire.
ABC news? Lmao
Oh you like FauxNews! Typical. 
Take your pick loser!!! 
you are a lap dog coward
The only thing Ted Cruz wipes the floor with is his ass.
Like shit he did
It looks pathetic for you to promote inflammatory articles like this about yourself. Just leave it to the bots.
Nope, Bernie wiped your ass and the lies of the GOP policies. Texas deserves better than Cornyn or Cruz.
It's a poor craftsman who blames his tools, Ted.
Yeah Ted, you had some excellent viewpoints and solid data. Death tax sucks!!  I'd vote for you if Trump doesn't seek reelection in 2020.
Yhe, have you actually watched the debate? Your where nowhere, corperate stooge
What's the latest on President Trump's investigation of your father's role in death of President Kennedy?
#SocialistBernie #MAGA #BanSocialism
That would be more impressive if it wasn't from a right wing media source.
That was a dream, Senator.  And why you had to change the sheets again in the middle of the night.
Cannot out debate Ted Cruz. Totally owned the Socialist.
This win the most juvenile tweet of the week! No surprise.
Conservative review? Sounds biased somehow...

not from where I was sitting Ted. You had some smaht ass punchlines, some desperate talking overs, many "whataboutisms" but little content
Bernie also seemed more Jesus like than you "from each according to his ability,to each according to his needs" where is your Christianity ?
You do realize that is the basic tenet of Marxism, right?
You talked in circles & never articulated an original thought in your BS arguments.
That's what passes for rhetorical training on the right.  It's a contest to out-gibberish each other.
Why is that even an issue? Try to govern for a change. You people are seriously deranged and act like you’re in middle school.
Don't me sad 
#fakenews
The only thing you wipe is the spooge off your hand.
Ted Cruz is a douche.
You beat up a 100yr old socialist?  Congrats Canuck
I watched and this is a lie
That isn’t hard to do he has no clue. Not sure how he is even relevant anymore.
Wipe your face @tedcruz, you've got cheeto dust all around your mouth
Cannot wait for his new Presidential Bid.
GO TED, GO
GODSPEED
I bet Bernie threw out the trash with your antics
Lol and he’s still whoop u in an election your arguments were not all reality based
All I can say is #loseCruz2018
I find this sad. Bernie is not wrong. Cruz voodoo math was wrong. Two different concepts. No wiping
When it comes to #Medicareforall should work with him; make it pro business, happen.
Such ... grace.  I understand why Harvard classmates say what they do about Sen Cruz.  (Not flattering.). 11.6.18
TED, pay attention. Introduce a tax, LIBERALS LOVE TAXES, then see their heads explode - Pay Attention, read pic
Zero recognition of the different economic times and tax structure in Reagan presidency.  Useless talking points and charts.
Keep working 60-70 hr/wk and higher taxes b/c I'm going 2 get the same free health ins as the person who doesn't work at all? No TY bern
I was almost embarrassed for poor Bernie. Not sure why he wants to get beat up by Facts all the time.
Ted Cruz is a brilliant debater & the facts are on his side... Bernie didn't stand a chance. #CruzCrew
That’s not even a fair fight, Bernie trying to punch way above his weight
Sasse is a punk. A complete disgrace and representing Nebraskan. Hope he is defeated when up for election. Should be a hamburger flipper.
Senator why do we have to "wipe the floor" with ANYONE??? This is not a spirit of working together and you then become part of the problem!
Wipe the floor with his "socialist antics," not with the man himself.
Exposing the facts about Socialism -v- Capitalism is important.
#TaxReform  #ThursdayThoughts #Empire #Star TELL THE GREEDY UNCLE SAM 2 SHOVE IT!!!
Teddy boy couldn't argue his way out of a wet paper bag. After Trump humiliated him & his family, he's now shining Trump's shoes. Wimpy Ted.
Great job last night!  Thank you! Thank you!
Ted Cruz made Bernie look like a fish trying to gulp air. He was right on point.
Finally a nonpartisan source 
Wow! Even in a pic chosen and photoshopped by a conservative publication, your face is so much less likeable. Hahaha
That is very dishonest.
Gooo TED!!!!!
Is that a porn reference?
Just because Bernie is a poor debater does not mean you were right.  The tax rate for the rich should be increased not cut!
This tweet fits all the requirements for a Trump style tweet- braggadocios, untrue, insulting and sensationalist.
Why does this tweet sound like @SenTedCruz is talking in third person?
fine performance, I am not a cruzer but he did a good job last night
TED CANT EVEN WIPE ASS HE IS A JOKE!!
The things people get riled up over show what a tremendous lack of leadership & parenting has net. Math is meaningless. Feelings matter more
Boring, post some porn instead.
Ted is the wrong guy for crazy Bernie to mess with.
No sir. Your math is wrong and you seem to live in the 80s. Newsflash - it is 2017 and trickle-economic theory has proven to be garbage.
Obama doubled the debt.  What more needs to be said?

LOL works according to Ted. I can’t wait to vote for his opponent
This seems bad for your constituents
1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
That never happened ...but if it strokes your ego lying Ted
I want to see video
Watched it last night. He lies
LOL. This is a Trump-level tweet.
This tax plan seems like a bad deal since we lose healthcare too?
The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
Bullshit.
