Joining my friends @SenMikeLee and @tedcruz tonight to say: no Obamacare lite. #FullRepeal
yeah who needs insurance when they can just die, right?
Where did you ever get the notion that govt is responsible for your health care?
the notion that govt is there to regulate business and stop predatory practices.
What does that have to do with health care?
it's an incredibly huge market rife with waste that the govt has an obligation to regulate.

I read this, and it clearly shows how govt efforts to curb/recover waste are effective.
you had 8 years to come up with something better!!! Instead y'all decided to shut down. If real ppl did that they would lose jobs
Few people thought Trump would win. Why would they have repeal plans if they had no idea GOP would sweep the elections?
You haven't seen Rand Paul on the news multiple times in recent weeks hawking his replacement plan?
Eight years!!!! EIGHT YEARS!!! EIGHT FUCKING YEARS!! and they threw a hissy fit and closed down gov't!!!
What ever in the world are you talking about?
terms, go back in history and see! This election was going to repubs NO MATTER WHAT.
You're not making sense to me. I'm not the one who said nobody expected Trump to win but that's true. Gov't isn't shut down.
they want HSA'S but most ppl can't afford to do that. And price is an idiot. He has no business being hhs!
, replacing with what? A full repeal has been in talks but no concrete replacements by GOP. As the current POTUS wd say. SAD!
Pretty amazing, no?  "They" have it all now and still no comprehensive strategy. Yes very sad indeed.
You haven't see @RandPaul on the news multiple times in recent weeks hawking his replacement plan?
.@howard_butler @msjjstone http://www.heritage.org/research/reports/2017/01/the-real-changes-in-health-insurance-enrollment-under-the-affordable-care-act …
, the actual page didn't have anything on it, after digging around I saw the Heritage plan for healthcare reform; however,
Sorry about that broken link; not sure why that happened but it was not supposed to be the health care plan.
, what was the link supposed to be?
A report on people covered under ACA.
Most issues with ACA were caused by obstructionist Republicans collaborating with insurers for ACA failure. #FixACA
Thank you Missy. Don't you feel that the GOP should now fix that which they broke? #FixACA
I've always loved your dad...And it's good to see that the apple is getting closer to the tree! #maga
@Dc37Deborah Congress is NOT performing well 29% Approval and that's up in last 30 daysDrain the Swamp is only wayMAGA
@SenMikeLee
.@RandPaul you voted to repeal but #GOP can't/won't get it together & come up w/replace! FRUSTRATING! How long do you need? Hope Price can
@plainjane52 @RandPaul Watch Trump make his magic! They are only on stage 2 . Keep the faith!
So don't pander 2the left or moderate repubicans do what you have to do now is your moment &use the media like they do call a town hall mtg
@CruzinAhead Congress should have their insurance abolished. They should be on this new insurance.
, you actually no expertise on healthcare economics. Your ideas are ideology and not connected to the real world.

 @MatthewKBurke
You seem to be unaware that Rand Paul is actually a physician so yes, he has expertise
and @MatthewKBurke think medical school and an OB-GYN residency makes one an expert on healthcare economics. LOL. Okay.
It's more than you have. My roomies are nurses and they even know more than about it than congress.
TOTAL REPEAL, CLEAN & NO REPLACEMENT OF THIS HORRIBLE ENTITLEMENT H/C PROGRAM! GOV'T DOESN'T BELONG IN 1/6 OF OUR ECONOMY! #REPEAL
Keep fighting for us! Only FULL repeal!!
@ConserValidity   A totally full repeal
Now that you've seen it, discuss it and get it to work better than what came before!
@bawlaw99 I agree. Where is it?
what a waste of time and money. Almost 20 trillion in debt and you guys just keep adding to it. When will the next WS bailout be?
hold the lying leaderships feet to the iron including my own senator coryn
get them Rand and shake some sense into them or we're kicking their asses out! Ask Dave Brat how we did it!
Unless you want socialism, Government HAS to get out the insurance  business & INSANE/OUT OF CONTROL 'soup kitchen' mentality.
@steph93065 In short term, have to keep ppl from falling thru cracks,over promise,over deliver.Then migrate to balance spending
agreed! Keep them honest and keep them on track. You are emerging as the leader of new GOP. Keep it moving!
: You have lost what little mind you had. Why are you content on killing people. Cause the name has the black guy's on it?
That was when they KNEW the Pres at the time would veto anyway.  Now that @GOP 'can' pass a repeal, do we really think they will?
As POTUS says, it is time for action...
@Lrihendry exactly good place to start
@ChristiChat. Can you work with the pharmacy companies to get medication like insulin to the children. Some parents can't pay
@ChristiChat. Sir please help the children that need medication like insulin to live while aca is being fixed.
If you do a stand alone Repeal then the devious Dems will hang you out to dry on Replace. MUST be done together.
@ChristiChat agree, why isn't it?  Because it was action just for show. They knew it would never be signed then. Buck up and pass
@Lrihendry No excuses

@suziique03 We love you, Sen. Rand!
We trust you to get it done Senator!
My friend had her hip replaced with libertyhealthshare and all expenses where paid by 87 people. No gov involved, taxes credits
and congressional health care should be part of the repeal vote.
Agree!
Will your plan keep the drug donut hole from increasing for seniors? Look at how Mediashare Christian healthcare shared plans
:  Very good, this is what must be done!!!

If McConnell won't do it, he should be replaced as Majority Leader
Continue to fight the good fight sir.
Easy now, Senator ... Gotta do it right.
Please help pre-existing with other than HCAs!  Federal is needed, but not Obamacare!!
Yes #FullRepeal !!
@SenTedCruz it was 16 years ago
it's cute that you thought your colleagues were sincere. 6 years and no legit plan to replace.
2 years ago, #GOP tried to drop #insurance coverage for 20 million people. That should be the bare minimum.
#TrumpFollies
Yes!  Get this done or kiss the Republican party good-bye.
@kevindandy1 Why isn't it.... cause they are ALL corrupt liars!
Thank you for stdg strong for #FullRepeal Senator! U R tight. Need to add to 2015 bill ins & individual mandates. Thank you!
Enough with your uninformed & immature comments. Grow up.
I used to like you, but now I see that you are both cruel and delusional.
GOP has been talking about this for years.  U have no real plan that will yield what ur rhetoric says.  "It's complicated"
@PC1170   YES
You are right... we MUST make sure right @pnehlen  to push egop Paul Ryan to #FullRepeal
60 times this has been voted on? #DoYourJob and investigate #russiagate #liarinchief #Countryoverparty
Put on your big boy pants and work to come up with a proper replacement so you don't leave 30 million people out to dry.
Yes, the beginning of the end of the fiasco #Obamacare, @realDonaldTrump. More worthwhile work to free #WeThePeople
Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell are NOT Conservative!
Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell are Gutless Cowards!
dont like ACA but your club is too stupid to get this right. No imagination
Congress presented 6 repeals, knowing full well Obama would veto. What's taking the time now? #GOPSuperMajority
@MelissaTweets Please get together with @Potus @SpeakerRyan and hash it out. People are looking for details from @realDonaldTrump
@LilMissRightie You guys have to fight for this. Too many ppl are counting on you to win this one
we're behind you. Thank you.
or, wild idea, you could listen to your constituents, who need affordable healthcare ??
You tell them Senator!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
how about coming up with a replacement that does more than give tax breaks to the rich? Pro Tip: You can't.
ACA repeal would give millionaires an avg tax cut of $50,130 and multi-millionaires an avg tax cut of $197,340
so lame you can't call it by its real name-the ACA-invented by @MittRomney when he was Gov #countrybeforeparty
you repeal the free health care the we pay for for you and your buddies in congress first. Then we will talk about the ACA
put up a better one now! Repeal if have a better one up and running. Evalaute medicaid. Plenty of #fraud
due to you saying "republicans shouldn't investigate republicans" I will never vote @GOP for anything again. Ever.
get it done and done this year im a member a firefighter association and this needs to be done and we dont care how it does
it seems you have a plan to correct this mess. Why aren't you being heard? The American people are with you!
There are literally thousands of people who would die without a law banning preexisting conditions.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @McConnellPress @SpeakerRyan


DAMN RIGHT!!
@SenTedCruz #RandisRight
What hell is going on?! @SpeakerRyan
So why r u not supporting the bill to force Trump to release his tax returns.
Suggestion-we shld now call law ACA-not Obamacare--reminds dems of savior--will resist repeal--calling it ACA may bring more supp
Cool, I guess I'll just have to off myself when I'm diagnosed with cancer so i don't leave a lifetime of debt to my family.
why can't you just make adjustments to it instead of leaving us with nothing?
Just do it. Repeal OBC. Not affordable. Medicaid for poor people hospital care. Not ER or Dr visit.

how about investigating Russian influence on the US election instead of attacking the benefits of your constituents
@FreedomWorks bring it
ALL OF YOU NEED TO STOP TALKING AND OBFUSCATING AND REPEAL THE DAMNED MESS. YOU COULD HAVE DEFUNDED IT ANYTIME.
say yes to full investigation into Russian espionage. Say yes to trump tax release. Say yes to American demands
@SenTedCruz Deplorables agree with you Sen Paul.  Get 'er done!!!
Start with your health care senator that taxpayers pay for! It is time for you to go! Out of touch with Americans! Elections soon!
we do not want it replaced with another government plan
do that for those who fall between the cracks, but the rest/majority of is want to return to private plans
Agree!  Why is this such a difficult concept.  Big talk, Weak knees from the Rinos.
MANDATE IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL
That's not happening. And @POTUS just learned healthcare is complicated. Wut do u do with 49M uninsured if 100% rollback?
We agree! @GOP ignoring people's will, will be replaced!
them put it on the floor. What've u waiting for?  All talk no plan
@SenMikeLee Yes!  Love it when you guys work together.  Think you can get @marcorubio and @SenSasse to join you?
Yes, please!
Full repeal. Nothing short.
