
Great job @SenTedCruz



So your debating Sanders, Tapper, and Bash? Still to easy, for me to tune into the commie news network.
Cruz is killing Bernie with facts.
Yeah, just as I suspected. Damn surprised cnn even allowed it to air, considering their ideology, they had to know Cruz would deflate it.
I'm from Houston, Tx! Go @SenSanders BERN  HIM.  DOWN 
 Bern is elderly and incoherent
Bernie's the only politician who makes an ounce of sense these days. A politician for the people and not special interest. age=whogivesashit
commie  sanders thinks to debate Cruz even commie trump knew he was no match
Senator Cruz, it will be like playing wiffle ball with a ten year old.

Most of us work two jobs and live paycheck to paycheck. WE are getting fed up with ineffective gov, excess taxes, excessive spending, and BS
Love Cruz I'll stand behind him !! Can't stand Bernie !
Cruz will mop the floor against Bernie the Commie.
Won't ever tune into @cnn ...but have a great time destroying the out of touch from reality @SenSanders #MAGA #America #USA
Old lyin' Ted couldn't beat his meat even if he had a hand doing it. Sanders will wipe the floor with him.
 no he didn't. Sanders beat him as bad as Bill Nye beat Ken Ham in 2014. If you think differently perhaps you are the one off your meds.
I refuse to watch CNN and Sanders. Next time debate some one better than a communist.
Here's a preemptive.gif for the embarrassment Bernies about to receive.
STOP LYING CRUZ! THE REAGAN TAX CUT THEN GENERATED HOW MANY TAX HIKES 10+ AFTER THE LOSSES! AND IT WAS CLINTON NOT REAGAN THAT HAD A SURPLUS
Ted Cruz is a coward shilling for the Mercers and Trump. Beto For Texas!
Thanks Senator Cruz, I can't imagine how much it hurts to argue with Bernie.  My teeth hurt just listening to him.
Haha, yes!
Why is it always democrat moderators? Why not one from each side?
I'd rather be dead.

But you beat him so badly last time. Do you not know mercy?
STOP that #SOCIALIST 
Haha, this will be an easy take down for Senator Cruz
this should be a bloodbath.
Get it done @SenTedCruz. I'm sure you will do great.
I love my rep @SenTedCruz but sorry I don't watch @CNN #FakenewsCNN
@CruzNewsLive Is this repeat?
Sorry, Senator, I won't dirty my eyes or mind with CNN anymore.  Best of luck in that den of liars and cheats.
Why are you going on #FakeNewsCNN, they are not interested in debate. They are cheerleaders for DNC
That’s like NBL vs Tee Ball #thatsentertainment
Please be gentle with the old dude you award winning debater. We don’t want him to have a heart attack!
Roast his ass Ted
Don’t keep Comrade Bernie out too late. He’s cranky past 7.
#bernie is #thebest #bernie
#BANKFRAUD BERNIE 
http://todaypoliticalnews.com/breaking-the-fbi-is-about-to-collapse-after-horrifying-cover-up-has-just-been-exposed/ …
Sorry, Mr. Cruz...I gave up on CNN last year. I stand with you re: upholding the Constitution...NO to Big Government & Yes to Rule of Law
Senator Photo Opp lands a tv special too bad he won't meet with the people he's supposed to represent. It's the people's seat Ted, not yours
Though I like you @SenTedCruz , and I know you'll wipe the floor with @SenSanders , I can't press the button to @CNN . Good Luck.
Puerto Rican orphans are starving.
Sorry. I'd like to see that. But cnn is banned at my house.
Straighten sanders out Senator Cruz. If he has 1/2 a brain.
No.
#TeamCruz 
Tax reform should take a back seat to arresting 1000's in the fake media, Clinton's, and all their embedded crooks in DOJ.
Nope! @CNN sucks and I will never tune into their station. CNN lies and is nothing but Fake News.
Oh God that’s gonna be a bloodbath. I’m calling @SenTedCruz victory in the first round by knockout.
Uhh nope.
Rip him to shreds, Ted. Get angry! Expose this old fool.


Remind America that the Dems have sent a self proclaimed Socialist to represent them
Should be laughable....
Pretty sure Cruz is fighting out of his weight class here
Yea....
And as your earlier statement, talking to a group of border patrol agents isn't a Townhall! A #TOWNHALL is a open meeting with the public
.@sentedcruz Sanders will get crushed. LMAO!
@CNN first two questions 1) “Senator Sanders , are you still as wonderful as we think? 2) Senator Cruz, do you still beat your wife?
#Bernie better have brought plenty of Depends! :D
Kick his butt @tedcruz
Don't be too rough on him he is an old man
On @CNN ?  No thanks!
A big gov. Republican vs a big gov. socialist.  Everyone loses in this debate. 
Invite a libertarian to the table if you want a winner.
Cruz is anything but a big government guy!
 He voted for they 700 billion NDAA. He LOVES big government!
No thanks
Debating communism versus free market capitalism. Its been done. You either have America or China/Cuba.  not much of a debate. BTW Why CNN
There’s a baseball game
No one watches CNN - why waste your time?  Also, Sanders is irrelevant and a socialist!
It’d be cool if you would just do this on the senate floor...you know...where we pay you to debate the issues.
Best tweet today!
You should be holding public #Townhalls  here in TX to debate your point with your constituents. After all your supposed to represent us!!!
Oh I'll be watching you let old Bernie have it... Good luck...
Greaaaaaaaat.... 2 known liars ... this should be good!!
Ted answer our correspondence @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @texasdemocrats @TxBlackDemocrat @DFWIndivisible @indtx36
Good luck!! Shouldn’t be that hard to debunk everything @SenSanders says!! #MAGA
In the sense that a monkey would be smarter than Ted Cruz?
The most trusted and popular politician in America vs the guy who eats his own boogers on live TV.
Now if we could get an honest host, these two bring a lot of integrity and passion to their points of view.  Both worth listening to
Kansas.
Ted is going to eat Sanders lol let’s start a drinking game, take a drink every time Bernie says the wealthiest 1-2% 
I'm beginning to like you @SenTedCruz , but nothing will ever get me to watch @CNN
Never watch CNN why would you go on there they are in the pocket of all the crooks
Go get him tiger !
I'll follow it here. I can't infect my TV with CNN. Good luck!
My thoughts exactly.  It’s like letting in a computer worm
Not much of a debate arguing with a socialist about taxation.
Wipe the floor with that Marxist...again
