Stop it! Work with democrats and independents. Listen to doctors. Listen to constituents. Give up repeal! Fix what we already have.
Go Ted GO ! Keep fighting for OUR Healthcare!
He's fighting to take away your healthcare
Exactly. These mouth breathers don't have a clue how @GOP is trying to screw them over, or how much better most other countries have it.
Btw, I do live in one of those other countries. Info in my bio, and a clue in my username. Healthcare is infinitely more affordable here.
It would be cheaper here if we remove the parasitic insurance companies from the equation.
Agreed... sort of. Insurance companies are just part of the problem. Anybody who profits off of healthcare is a problem in my opinion.
How about if we take away your sweet Goldman Sachs plan you Canadian hypocrite?
You are so jealous of his success. Goldman Saks is his wife's employer so yes he's entitled to have that health insurance. He's a US citizen
There should only be 1 choice - universal and equal healthcare for ALL. Corporate greed & contributions have to be removed from healthcare.
LIAR
Huh?   #makesnosense
Thank you Senator Cruz for voting yes today to further our @POTUS agenda and the will of We the People! Stand together!
Actually potus favors universal single payer
Why not just make him verify his citizenship?  Is he eligible to be a senator?  Can he be deported to Cuba?  One vote gone.
How did the second most unlikable man in America, lacking honesty & integrity, with no redeeming qualities become a Senator?
Lies
Lies
Big lies
No one supports BRCA: not citizens, private employers, insurance industry, medical professionals. Work across party lines to improve ACA
How about we get the same healthcare options all of you ELECTED government officials receive?
@SenTedCruz Or, how about all you Elected government _employees_ have to make do with the same healthcare options the poorest of us have to?
Thank you for clarity really appreciate info
I want good insurance where my Dr makes the decisions Right now Insurance co are all powerful  Right next to lawyers
Repeal and Replace Cruz in 2018! He is the worst Senator! Wants to let Insurance companies sell garbage policies!
vote. You have betrayed constituents such as @mccraw_birkie5 and millions like her. You will allow your party to screw over anyone anywhere.
in all Righteous Fury and Anger, touch you with His Conviction. May your family be spared his Wrath, and you alone taste of the misery and
eternal pain of the Lake of Fire, where you surely will be cast. I'd go for a few circles of Hell a la Dante Alighieri, but your followers
would just write him off as some Eye-taleen freak, so, I'll refrain from doing so. Rest assured that I will support any candidate against
you and your party in 2018. I will support with money, phone time, shoe leather, and my voice here and in the real world, any Yellow Dog who
will run against you. You are an abomination unto His sight, and shall be cast out. Bless your heart.
Hugs & Kisses, Jay.
Absolutely true,  shows the hippocracy of the Democratic party.
Hypocrisy.
Don't even try to educate them. They are happy in their ignorance
The democraps are communists incognito
The ACA provides insurance, not care, to those who cannot acquire insurance elsewhere. You keep lying about it being forced on people.
You are lying again
How's not having a choice about your insurer worse than not having a choice about whether or not you're insured because you can't afford it?
Senators please get rid of Obama Care once and for all! We can't afford it, not all of us are rich!
As a constituent,you have lost my vote. I regretfully voted for you. Heartless to take away insurance from sick ppl and children #beto2018
BRING BACK OUR MUNI!!!  No excuse for this unnecessary shut-down.
I hope you work harder on this than you did on the #TermLimits amendment
Nor does it DO anythingo of  consequence.  Hmmm,  wait, this IS YOUR amendment! ! . ...
It doesn't offer better coverage. Having "choice" does not make them good choices #betofortexas
Have any R's read the CBO assessment of their health bill?
The lying just gets easier and easier, doesn't it, Ted?
"Consumer Freedom" - Wow, that's ironically hilarious. Freedom to go bankrupt, freedom to pass medical costs to neighbors & hospitals.
I do not have #consumerfreedom if I can't afford it.
Without full repeal we the people are doomed by 18,000 page Amendments Marxist rules/regulation death traps
Use the visual to remind GOP!
Plans you were not allowed to keep were POOR or fraudulent coverage. Hooray. They now have folks cheering the "freedom" to NOT be covered.
But it does allow junk insurance to be sold under guise of freedom.  You betray our country w this bs.
You are correct. It totally destroys the current insurance market
Lyin Ted
Can we send YOU all the bills for deductibles & medical treatments Ins won't cover? Let's put TED Cruz down as responsible 4 bill on ours
Cut the BS. http://amp.usatoday.com/story/480446001/ …
Beto 2018!
shut up Ted you sleazebag.
 7yrs ago I had free-market health plan I WANT IT BACK!! CHANGE IT BACK!! BUST Medi-caid/Medicare FRAUD $$ now available 2reinvest4 needy.
Slim ball pro life my ass pro death I believe
Shut up about the Democrats u extreme right wing fake ass Christian call yourself a Christian well taking away people health care
No one likes you.
Hang in there.The dims are just too much in love with Obama to understand how corrupt he is.Keep fighting for the people. Support POTUS MAGA
Vote this crazy guy out already.  Lining pockets of the rich while stealing healthcare from the poor and/or sick.
@SenTedCruz  As a model, look at VA proposals from private sector that embody the principle of competition and private sector leadership.
...we will fight you and one can only hope if your cruel bill passes that we can ensure it is YOUR healthcare too
Everyone quiet and listen ... Lyin Ted Cruz is saying something about something.
@SenTedCruz Your plan set goals: lower premiums and costs. Don't forget access. Key is competition by private sector with govt regs (cont)
@SenTedCruz  cont ... Govt cannot force lower premiums/costs. Name Healthcare Czar from private sector and empower to force competition.
May God forgive your cruelty, immorality, and your greed......as for the rest of us who know your true agenda of greed for power & money...
Amen, Sen. Cruz!
The best option is abolish insurance racket. Free markets created healthier, happier Americans. No church(charity), no JUSTICE.
"Here, grandma, you'll enjoy this cat food." #nobodylikesyou
Thank YOU
Generally, we like the ACÁ. Which you want to take away. Who is removing our choices??
Continue to drive forward for #POTUS   While you’re at it, help him build our wall!!!
Shut up, Ted!
Thank you Sen Ted Cruz for your hard work to try and renew a competitive market back to America
I think because for most people, it doesn't have any choices to take away.
Throw in some consumer protections here and there too.
K grandpa
I want to take the congress and senate healthcare away and watch them suffer like regular people
Your are such a ninny. "Free market" does not make my medications affordable! Affordable health insurance does--not your horrid plan.
What's the going rate for a soul nowadays? Even rotten ones like yours.
such a complete and utter liar...Cruz plan --> u get to buy junk insurance that won't cover anything.
Not even the choice of abortion?
It makes the good choice unaffordable because healthy will cluster in useless cheap plans. You are Ivy League educated, smart enough to know
So you'd just let a laid off worker whose cancer returns to die because you want a tax cut. Corps lay off all the time.  Free market kills.
Liar
Really?
Cowardly liar.
Ahh you mean republicans. Democrats at least let you keep your doctor while Republicans opted out in their states. Get it right please.
Can we just all have you free taxpayers sponsor healthcare?? It would be soo much easier
Car salesman
Ted, your proposal is substandard. It is junk. The American people will be paying good money for junk insurance.
#BetoForTexas #Beto2018 #TurnTexasBlue #boogergate
The Cruz amendment is junk. I'll save my $ for my funeral. #KillThEBillNotUs
You are NOT listening to the American people.
You are NOT listening to the American people.
You are NOT listening to the American people.
Are you seriously trying to defend your amendment that will increase premiums for older Americans and disabled!
Cruz is Correct Americans support Trump and freedom to choose Healthcare plan all dems 
& republicans MUST SUPPORT or LOSE NEXT 
ELECTION
It rips millions off medicaid so Cruz can give his rich friends a tax cut. It's always the rich w Reps while the poor end up in the toilet.
Still a slimy smarmy liar I see!
Good grief. Who knew the Zodiac Killer was such an unabashed asshole? I mean goddamn I knew Cruz murdered people but this is hateful.
Wtf? Can't believe what I'm reading? Ted Cruz is the spawn of the devil himself! Why arn't U ppl. more afraid of this person! He needs 2 go!
You're a FAKE senator! So was your dad involved with Kennedy assassination?
Your insurance plan sucks. I'll take it under one condition. You have to use the same insurance.
That's just a bold face lie and I'm asking you @tedcruz to prove it. You're gaslighting and you're lying to your constituents.
Why is the Zodiac Killer talking about healthcare??
Want to fix ACA? Throw a half trillion dollars to the insurance companies. Repeat that process every few years. Sound good to you?
TED, Schumer is lying so bad, and the media, is no wonder the country is confused ... And scared.

Except from true coverage
Keep fighting to get this fixed @SenTedCruz
Ted how about doing anything that helps the American people ...U make me sick ...let us have your healthcare...@BetoORourke 2018
Still letting people beat you up on the playground.
Right, if DEMS want maternity care, no pre-existing coverage and well, HEALTH INSURANCE....YOU CAN'T SELL JUNK INSURANCE.  YOU SUCK CRUZ
You lie..consumer freedom is a scam & junk insurance
Ted Cruz kissing ass with bTrump after Trump humiliated him publicly what a weasel what a coward what a little man.
Got your room ready in Hell Ted.
If the republicans don't like you having health insurance they'll take it away...
By next week we probably won't!
Wow Trump was right about one thing. Lyin' Ted lives up to his name.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Even broken clocks are right twice a day.
Can't we deport you to Cuba?
Ted, quit acting like a moron. This is a bad plan for we Americans! #Tedisaasshole
You sir,are irrelevant. #Trump spanked you in the election, slandered your family and now you are his minion. You can talk tough,but we know
It literally throws 32 million Americans off healthcare
liar
Lyin' Ted at it again.
Enjoy your last term.

#NeverRepeal
i'm looking forward to voting you out of office in 2018. vamos @RepBetoORourke
Your so full of it!! We want healthcare, not a watered down version of coverage. That's designed to cut taxes for big business
You need to spend 6 months working 60 hrs/week at minimum wage or NEVER use the word "CHOICE" again RE others' $.

You're fucking soulless.

Lyin' Ted!
Omigooood you are so full of lies!! Just stop. Freedom isn't losing my insurance cuz my premiums are $$$$ cuz of my pre-extg condition
If America dont like #CruzCare plan then you can return him back to Canada. #AmercanFreedom amendment states you can return the clown.
You may have choice but will not be able to afford it anyway. That's why Republicans won't be able to pass your bill.
Hey Ted! How does it feel to be a part of the "Walking Dead"?
Having the choice of a useless healthcare plan or nothing you can afford is not a Choice! Go to hell Lying Ted! #PartyOverCountry
Original Draft:
You are lying. Also, your college roommate does not think much of you.
This is a good example of why everyone hates you.
WEALTHCARE! Feed the rich! Fuck the poor! How Christian of you, Pious Ted. You're a shame to your religion.
This is a move to decimate Medicaid while giving tax cuts to the wealthy. AND KEEP your own health insurance plan in place? #Hypocrisy
Why not explain the benefits of junk plans that you are bringing back?
What about essential heath benefits? Policy limits and preexisting conditions?
We know you are a LIAR BECAUSE TRUMP SAID SO, LYING TED, REMEMBER TEDDY
God your annoying. Ever figure out what dear leader was talking about with your father and JFK asassination?
You sound like a fool.
Hey Ted.. you're starting down thebarrel of #GOPextinction here, you know.  Do this, and it will be extinction-level event for GOP.
you're the worst way to waste sperm. PERIOD
Another spineless hack who couldn't stand up for his wife or father. Another atrump ass-kisser.
Like you chose to be the most unlikable dick with a face like a fart vampire in congressional history?
You are such a bad person.
FAKE NEWS and LIES in gaming for AG spot.
Supreme Court is more like it.
Omg.  An out right lie in print ..Lyin'Ted is back at it!
But it will increase premiums significantly for most Americans.
Choice is not the problem. Comprehensive coverage is what is needed #fundpp #defendpp
Amendment failed!
Will you please go and get your head examined then get out of politics, you couldn't even get 10% of the votes no one listens to your dumbas
Liar
Trump said your dad murdered JFK and your wife looked like Rocky after 12 rounds. You’re not qualified to speak anymore
Shhhhhh Ted. Get a spine.
There he is.....no balls....lying Ted...dance for your orange puppet master..
I'm a Texan and I vote.  Your continued lies & support of @realDonaldTrump have cost you my vote. I thought you'd fight 4 us, I was wrong.
Seriously! This doesn't even make sense! Stop trying to rip healthcare away from us by blaming the democrats. This is all the @SenateRPC
Remember when the guy you are trying to help tweeted this?
Any man who lets another man belittle and disgrace his family is not much of a man. Ted Cruz is a slimy self promoting cowardly politician
True
Choice doesn't pay the bills, liar.

LIAR. Your amendment shows just how ignorant you are & you have no business writing amendments for things you know nothing about. 2018, 2018
Guess ethics aren't required by a Senator right Ted?
Voting to make health care even more unaffordable to millions so your richest donors can get a tax break. Shameful
Enjoy the rest of your term, the people you screwed over will be voting you out
That's not how it works Clearly you've never been in a situation where you had to worry if an illness/injury would be paid for
So, consumer freedom does not contribute to the pool of insured. Anyone can become ill or lose their job at any time. Universe is random.
Go back to acting Grandpa Munster
