UPDATE: Lakewood Church is now taking in evacuees as a shelter. https://twitter.com/lakewoodch/status/902546567701422080 …
I have seen tweets that are saying that Senator Cruz is working in some of the shelters in TX, great job
Loving Ted more & more 
I defended his decision not to until he did opened the door, hope he can manage.
I'm sure GOD spoke to HIM.
GOD BLESS AMERICA and JoelOsteen
God said unto Joel " Open your doors you snake oil salesman, before twitter explodes"
Trish do I detect a little hate in your heart regarding Joel Osteen. Maybe GOD needs to speak to your heart! Not every thing that shine is !
I have no hate in my heart.Christianity should not be a for profit business and charity should fill the hearts of those who preach it.
Well Trish BEFORE you and Senator Cruz go around casting stones and judging, you should make a COLLECT call to the Pope so he explains DMAth
This AND lying to avoid helping. Looks like this is the last time that place will be full @almostjingo
I'd like to know full story if the church was flooded he should've SAID that, will reserve judgement until everyone is safe.
He posted it but someone there said it was dry and there was no flooding on the roads accessing it. Scroll down & see the post @almostjingo
Osteen is a charlitan
How many more MEGA CHURCHES are opening their doors in TEXAS? Any Mosques have doora open to all?
Only for their own I would think
Multiple mosques opened doors to all on day one. Osteen had to be pressured into offering Lakewood.
You trying to tell me they took in infidels? Or stranded, homeless, hungry, and wet Muslims?
The mosques provided to shelter to every human in need. Or did you mean Lakewood?
I'm not an Joel fan. I appreciate you letting me know...
You bet!
About time !
Mercy, for many it may be too late to find shelter. Levee broke
They knew that was going to happen. Had mandatory evac. If anyone was there...they only have themselves to blame
You aren't here in this mess. You have no ideal what we are going through!
Joel Osteen backpedaling faster than an NFL safety.
It's about time,
Joel O. finally remembered who he is working for and where that church came from. I give an Amen!
He was able to ready the building. #superdomestupidity
Understandable  A matter of public knowledge....Joel O. made one statement and public affairs officer made another stmt. not on same page
Thank you Senator Cruz!
We thought he couldn't open the doors because the church was sooo flooded-until he was lambasted in social media for lying
Their doors were never shut. There was flooding inside earlier on! They're doing great as a distribution center now!
Ready to vote for SANDY aid? Jerk.
Can we come to your house Ted? As long as the Don isn't currently visiting Heidi..
You certainly don't represent the "good people" of Louisiana. The ones who have been here helping people. You are an A$$,
Whatever, Osteen. You needed ppl to tell you to do what was right all along. I question you as a person & "man of God"
Cruz sending everybody to Joel Olsteen's church. 
I don't like Olsteen, but I like drowning far less. Better late than never.
Good Point!
It just didn't seem like Joel really wanted to turn his church into a shelter. Im glad he did.
You're absolutely correct. Joel needs to realize that ain't his church, it's GOD's.
The story was the church didn't have "kitchen facilities" but to be used if needed as a "secondary" site. Not sure it was selfish.
Makes sense.
Too little too late... lousy Christian money whores @JoelOsteen
Hmm...
Guess Joel got his butt chewed on too much!
Thank YOU Ted!
People need to know protocol is being used to where folks are going every place has to be organized and supplied so there is no chaos.
It always was.. doors never closed (as reported by fake news outlets)
Doing an awesome job Senator!
You mean "Finally " after public outrage Lakewood Church is now taking in refugees
For Texas
#FakeChristians

About time
Finally seen the light
Finally?  He was able to ready the resource and preserve it.  It belongs to creditors. Not him.
Finally
Yep he didn't  do it till he saw the blowback from it . Glad that he came to his senses but now none will trust him sad.
Bless your judgemental & blind heart.
That is about time. I think I would still try to go some where else. It should have been open from the get go.
About time 
Bout time...
Need more shelters, heart warming seeing every body uniting in sad circumstances, love texans, 
Thank you Sir for your support. Our country and Texas. PRAYERS.

GREAT NEWS, BUT WHY NOT EARLIER?  hmmmmmm
"We are prepared to house people once shelters reach capacity."
Finally! Did God speak to him or was it our outrage? 
It was a lie. The church did have flooding on lower level. Had to assess if they'd be safe first. Pics here https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2017/08/28/joel-osteen-lakewood-church-houston-hurricane-harvey/610947001/ …
Difference between Ted & Lakewood Church? Olsteen lies and then does the right thing, Ted lies and just ignores it and moves on.

Thank you Senator....God bless Texas!! 
Was no where near flooded!  He is a liar!
Senator Cruz could at least look interested. Looking #Thirsty & #Bored in #Texas while #victims await #Rescue in #Houston #Shameful
WOW! Some will bitch about anything! #SMH
Love you Senator!
Music to my ears, thank you!
Joe will be forgiven for his sins.
So will you.

You're doing a great job! Thank you!
I knew he would come around  #JoelOsteen

Ted Cruz fought Sandy aid, begs for Harvey help http://thebea.st/2wkRAJd  

Yeah, its sad. He's not a true man of God. Jesus would not approve of his actions, nor many of this teachings. Disappointed in him.
Took him long enough. @JoelOsteen  is a fraud. Houston's hero is @MattressMack
Mattress Mack isn't responsible for such a large investment.
But only after they lied about being inaccessible. Don't forget that.
Bull crap. You are lying.

So what you're saying is that "finally" taxes won't be the only thing sheltered there?
Your boy finally go all WWJD? Shaking my head and wagging my finger at both of you. Christians.

Only after they were publicly shamed.
Only after they were ready.

The local mosques have been open for days. Why no tweet?
The men folk forgot. Their women weren't allowed social media.
They've been acting as a shelter long before the storm even began!
Stay in one place!! Stop wasting Tax payers money by flying all around the state, We need to money to rebuild!!!
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
