this was Cruz time to shine...and he did. I saw Bernie actually gulp as soon as Ted started answering
Yes, Sanders did just that and his face became red each time Cruz brings up facts. I thought Sanders was about to cry
I liked when Cruz rattled off facts + #s and BS says "I'll give u facts" + tells a story about what a doc said Haha
Bernie is red from anger from talking to a wall, and told a real story.  Those stories are facts.
his "facts" are "someone once told a doctor..." rank amateur how dare he try and take on Ted Cruz.
Because he has a heart with deep compassion for the many Les fortunate in our country. Cruz is heartless
such nonsense. You think a large overbearing govt has a heart? Lol. Ask a Venezuelan.
Obama had heart. If republicans hadn't stonewalled him at every turn, we'd have a pretty nice country.
the rich live and the poor die?
Cruz seems to break with that stance once a woman wants an abortion...
@SenTedCruz get the govt out of my personal decisions, they have over stepped their limits abd stepped into my home!
this has been the GOP argument for stripping protections for environment, workers,  women, and minorities. No humanity.
EXACTLY. They would have us all drinking lead water, breathing dirty air, with no health care.. Because "freedom"
but they can tell you what to do with your pregnancy?
@40calcannon benshapiro It's just another way to control women.
that is the I-want-to-be-a-victim mentality. Its about human life, not controlling women
says the person that will never experience being forced to carry a fetus to term gtfoh
that has nothing to do with what I said. And who is "forced"?
oh good, I thought I got dragged into some awful pro life convo.
Then tell the Republicans to stay out of a woman's vagina. #MyBodyMyChoice
@SenTedCruz Healthcare is not a "right",  it is up to the individual it is free enterprise,  no one guarantees it.
except for the #ProLife  Then Christian ideals must take the forefront, gov't knows best.
Healthcare may not be a human right, but it's humane and we are the richest country #CNNDebateNight 
Then explain Republicans being against planned parenthood
No, there is no right to health care. If someone else has to provide it for you, it ain't a right.
- Someone else provides national defense for you Mike. Nat. defense, healthcare, both protect Americans from death.
@TomiLahren  doesn't even answer the question! Once again you side step issue to redirect our attention. #ANSWERTHEQUESTION
Ted Cruz absolutely showed Sanders to be unqualified to serve as a dog catcher much less a senator or God forbid President.
That doesn't answer the question though.
Nice deflection though.
And the cost of YOUR medical and health accidents?
Do we just leave you for dead?
Not in USA
I got you
Who you got?
Including not telling a mother what to do with her body.  She has the right for government not to mess with her.
@SpeedyFastMario is it a right? Issue is dems don't offer it as a right, it's a requirement per Obamacare. Mr. Dumass
everyone deserves free/affordable health care and if you decline it, the gov't will fine you...that's freedom
with what you just quoted, government should keep out of my pants and let me do anything with my body, right?
Healthcare is NOT A right. Should everyone have access, YES. but it is not a right.
Cruz should have manned up and just said, "No."
What about israel?  What don't they know that you know Ben?  Curious...are they dumb?..https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Healthcare_in_Israel …
Health care is not  
 inalienable right. Healthcare became truly messed up when Hillary & govt stepped in.
A right to healthcare means someone has a right to someone else's time and labor.  Not a free country.
@twright55 ben you speak out against abortion (infanticide) but support compulsory vaccination? They contain aborted cells. Why?
so the government leveling the prices of healthcare to avoid  insurance companies from lynching from poor people is outlandish??
Tell that to the IRS. Tell that to the NSA. Tell that to the cops. You have no such blanket right.
Hmmm, you didn't say everyone has a right to healthcare.  Not very supportive of your fellow Americans....
Yep, Sanders is correct.
Even republican party stance from Trump, we won't let people die on the streets. healthcare for all, not just who can afford it
a problem that private market unwilling to solve, so govt has to at some point.
Eventually someone will step in and do something to help if millions of ppl they represent don't have healthcare.
Yeah so if the government would stop messing with women's reproductive health that would be great
Incorrect
@KenWahl1 CNN is so fake I can't even watch them.
Unless it's your vagina and an ultrasound wand!
where is the replacement then?
they are working on it.. I'm sure it will be better than the Affordable Health Care Act which is not Affordable..
working on it? What were they doing (while doing nothing) in office the past how many years?
BS. Unless you're a woman.
heartless
as a liberal I can admit when I need a better education, this tweet seems to make little to no sense...
Roe v Wade is the law of the land. You have a right for government not to mess with you.
.@benshapiro Debate was old an stale Question nobody asks is why we consume so much heathcare 54% of kids with chronic health issues #Vaxxed
Except for women and their reproductive organs. Got it.
We all pay for healthcare for both of them...
I literally dont understand ur point. Especially when abortion is slowly being outlawed. Pls explain
You mean like whwn Trump messes with the US Auto Industry? #CNNDebateNight
Cruz wants gov out of personal affairs, so long as it conforms to his (their) position.
Except women. Then they want government making all your decisions.
unless they are messing with your visa?
unless you want an abortion. Or you're gay and want to get married.  Then the govt can mess with you all they want, right?
Yes, Ted, y'all are relentless.
Cruz is obviously not principled seeing as he ran for president and all... and where does his paycheck come from?
Facts don't care about neo-con feelings.
That mean a woman's body is her own
#literallynothitler
So they shouldn't lie to us? Like KAC?
The good old freedom to die!
@SenTedCruz some are more equal than others when gov provides health care.
That means the I have the right not to have the proceeds of my labor stolen by said government and given to others correct?
everything isn't a right taxpayers have to pay for WTF you can't just make up rights. YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO PAY TAXES AND DIE
so roads,police,firefighters,electric grid,public transportation,military, are cool for pooled taxes, but not health care?
@realDylanAllman so what about the republicans that want to mess with women and their abortion rights. Boom Mic dropped.
@SenTedCruz  just like Sanders wife was entitled to a 10 million loN that closed down the college she ran under! Entitled on us
why do they waste time on patronizing the people asking questions. So shallow
