at the very least RETIRE AFTER 40 YEARS THIS MESS IS ON THEIR HANDS!!! AND ENROLL YOURSELVES IN OBAMACARE IF ITS SO GREAT #FAKES
you do know that you will be out of office, right. Get it done.
Amen Mr Cruz! Please get this passed as the people want it! There will be public servants again not ppl who want to stay just to get $$$. TY
please fight for a free press + investigation into Russia collusion and COIs of WH. Our democracy is a non-partisan issue.
let's start with you bro
No, if u actually heard the voice of the people, u would be taking bribery (money, cushy jobs, gifts, et al.) out of politics!!
-will diminish corruption, collusion, self grandiosement. Will sharpen  problem focus, not waste energy on Bathrms or Baseball
we do have term limits. They're called elections. And you are on your last term anyway. "Most despised man on the hill". Wise up
Would agree with term limits only if that includes the Federal bureacracy. Thanks for all you do, Patriot!
#loseCruz2018
so of it doesn't pass will you set a term limits on yourself as an example? Or is it just a good talking point?
of course he will!
you can start by resigning
Enjoyed your chat with Levin very much.  You have our support BIGLEY in Louisiana!
One thing I agree with you on. Now..about 45 and #treason, propagating hatred, religious intolerance, education, racism, etc...
spouting left wing rhetoric does not help! Just support Senator Cruz term limits!
blindly supporting a pol. Party that enables a dictator doesn't help.
I don't blindly support any party or individual! I look at facts! Your candidate Clinton BenGhazi! Trump not politics
politician!
Thank you for listening to us!
Thank you.
I love term limits.  Two and out.
Yes. No grandfathering. Need action now. Thanks.
amen
NEEDS TO HAPPEN!
CPAC members proudly waived Russian flag
make it retroactive and limit pensions
Thanks Sen Cruz keep pushing for term limits
You ain't heard nothin', you turkey
yes we need term limit Texans love you and thankful for the work you are doing stay united in congress and get the work done
Support Ted Cruz!!!!!
Or maybe you could investigate the whole #Trumprussia connection, which the American people have been asking for, vocally.
so would investigating @POTUS ties to Soviet era officials.
@Marsha250 I hope you will keep this issue forward. We havevto have Term limits. If not by congress, have it on ballot in 2018
YES WE ARE ASKING FOR TERM LIMITS.
you know they would apply to you too, right?
I agree with term limits and also include judges too
I'm with you!
@PatriotHuth term limits absolutely
thank you!
I agree with term limits sure hope you can get it passed
Term Limits is the only way to clean out the Washington Cartel, led by Pelosi, McCain, Graham, Schumer,  Weinstein,  etc..
I'm glad you brought up that Trump is the one who wants to Drain the Swamp & have term limits.
Push term limits...we need to keep swamp clear for future of country.
please get your head in the game.  With everything going on right now this is the least of our worries.  #doyourjob
why aren't you discussing these issues at a #townhallmeeting ?
that's true...will you listen on other issues too?  #TownHall
term limits and stop the graft no more living by separate laws no more lifetime pension.
Dare to dream.
stop gerrymandering while you're at it bro
YES to term limits.
how does setting term limits drain the swamp? Maybe we should GET MONEY OUT OF POLITICS to get the corrupt ones like you out.
Set the term low so we can get these losers out
when are you going to meet with constituents?
Term limits for Congress!! Two Terms, No Benefits after two terms, No Pensions! Service!! Not a Career!!End Gov't Waste!
got once I'm proud of you if you do it, but must add can't be a lobbyist for 10 years after
the best term limit is for you to resign today to preserve America and keep it safe
yes
Senate & House of Representatives!
Removing @SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC from office would be agood start!
was on steroids today. Loved every minute of it.
@DNC Terms limits for the likes of @SenSanders , @SenFeinstein @SenatorBoxer & @NancyPelosi
@CruzinAhead inspiring me to understand the constitution better. The Preamble too! Beatiful documents.
yes please!
So when will you author the bill and sheep herd it thru Congress?
every congressman gets two terms. One in office and one in prison!
hey your stomach bulging out..more yoga needed.
only thing we will ever agree on #termlimits
your term limit will be 2918.  76118
I'm way more concerned with doing away with the electoral college and gerrymandering.
I'm a people. I don't want term limits. I want voters to vote out the ones working for big corps & the wealthy - like you do!
to lazy; people care more about football than politics
The alt right is not a "garden variety of left wing" followers.  They register/vote and identify with the Republican Party
The Republican Party needs to really stand by their definitions of who they are and distance themselves from the trump agenda
I am a Democrat, and I agree with you. There needs to be #termlimits
I've always been puzzled why there were no term limits. The amount of power these guys can accumulate is insane
Jefferson knew it could be problem later, but that it could be corrected.  New country needed tenure
term limits are fine. But you aren't hearing a damn thing if your party is refusing town Hall meetings or running out of them.
no ending gerrymandering would do that.
Are you freaking kidding me,  Do you really believe we are this stupid. Congress will not term limit itself.  @colleengen
So will not gerrymandering the hell out of districts, and not surpressing voter turnout.
term limits would drain the swamp! Americans should get on board call your representatives support Cruz amendment now!
Amen!  Please pass this across the board.  Senate, house, state governors, state reps, etc.
would be awesome! 100% agree.  But considering nothing has been passed at all, better get repeal, tax cuts, budget first
you're my senator and proud of it. Keep up the good work. Please consider FairTax!
yes!  Thank you, Ted Cruz!
that's right and can you find the effects of the race in 2018
Watch out for flying pigs when that happens. Our voices have not been heard in a long time. #mutedvoiceswhovote
go Ted!
yes!! Fully support this!
YES
oh that's job security for most!
Bullshit from third rate pseudo-constitutional scholar failed presidential candidate, hated by his colleagues
targeting sanders?  reading between lines. don't think I agree to terms: pres 8, supreme life, congress re-elected each time.
Politicians will never give up power & their mini kingdoms in DC. #TermLimits will only come thru #COS
.@SenTedCruz, I don't like you, but I won't hesitate to admit when I agree with you. More churn in politicians means more in touch leaders.
real problem is the federal bureaucracy; make it easier to fire them
Repealing the 17th amend. would do far more to limit Congress than #TermLimits. States could recall rogue Senators immediatly
then AZ can dump that tired anchor of a Senator, McCain!!!
you better ask the Koch brothers, not us.. they're the ones who pack your pockets w/ money and dictate your agenda, aren't they?
How can you hear the voice of the people when you will not have town halls?
Get it on the Ballot!!
Why not present #TermLimits Bill? Voters support you?
enforcing term limits would be honoring the wishes of the American people; and long overdue. The Government has gotten 2 corrupt
zzzzzzz
#TermLimits fuck YES Elections don't work At All (half joking - we got Trump after all)
disagree, we the voters decide term limits
Don't tease me...It is 1 thing to talk about it, quite another to follow through & do it. Time to put up or shut up
100% correct on term limits for congress . 8 years for a president . Same should apply for congress .
@tedcruz Leave term limits alone. Each generation seems to be more liberal.
Change is hard
If we aren't happy with our Congressmen we can vote them out! Don't want ppl like Gowdy & @tedcruz out b/c term limit
regardless of the likelihood, it's refreshing to hear this talked about. It truly is one of the only bipartisan desires.
Hll Ted.  You don't listen to your people this is all a show. Rememeber DeVos?  SEssions?  We screamed, we wrote we called...FU
Russia?
I passed term limits by citizens initiative and the politician sued the county for it. Good luck Senator!
Senator, that would be a good start. But only a start. So many issues upsetting people right now.
The senator should be the next nomination for Supreme Court
most sensible thing you've ever said. 
Think this is awesome you should always have termites because otherwise they just make money off of us
senator Cruise
Is your term up yet ???
But not to worry! Passing voter suppression laws will make sure it just hears the voices it wants to hear!
@realDonaldTrump, @SpeakerRyan , @HouseGOP, @SenateGOP and @GOP 

 Thank You GOP for #MakeRussiaGreatAgain
Traitors!
Your term will be up in 2018.
democrats are in self-destruct mode looking good for 2018 down as well finally lose power
Finally someone knows what there talking about sidney.
So will you limit yourself even if it doesn't pass?
On principle?
