Or you could use that money for something that will actually do some good, like ACA, NEA, MoW...border wall is for show, not substance.
ACA is dying, no need to revive it
Based on what evidence?
Look at the premiums and deductibles for healthcare right now, no amount of money will be able to save it
Cite your sources.
...you do realize that this source contradicts your assertion, right?
No it clearly states that the premiums will rise 25% and that if nothing is done then people are going to lose their health insurance
I can't wait to vote you out, Cruz
I can't wait to vote him back in #CantbruisetheCruz2018
All his wealth still ain't enough to pay for the wall
But it's more dollars than Dims are willing to spend, or the Republican establishment. Every mile helps!
Wonderful ! Great idea !
I'm a Texan and I want the wall.  Great idea Ted Cruz
@tedcruz @axios Texans DO NOT want a wall! Are you listening? Maybe @JoaquinCastrotx is!!!
Do you even live in Texas
At least we can see where the $ is going...build the wall!
That's pretty creative of the GOP
God bless you Senator Cruz, you were my first pick for President, very smart move
I thought the same thing.

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
Great idea, untapped resources!!!!
Or do something smart and good for the people, give the $ to healthcare or something to REALLY BIGLY benefit our people!
I like your idea very much...Brilliant ! :)
MexicanCartelBuck #BuildTheWall
Senator Cruz what a great idea 100% for it.
That would be nice!
Let's see how many Dems vote against this idea!
El Chapo has proven a wall will not stop anything. He has tunnels under the walls we do have. Take his money and put it towards rehabs!
There will be enough money for rehap and build the wall!
@tedcruz @axios Ted, there isn't going to be a wall.Never was going to be one.It's yet another in a long line of Trump lies!
There's going to be a wall
Don't hold your breath!
Yes!!! This is what I've been calling for too.
Thank you Mr Cruz finally we get support for our President the way it should be done. Amazing what a team effort will do.
Free El Chapo and let him and his crew build the wall. They have a lot of experience with construction projects
 Just like that!
Great idea.Get err done
Very creative and timely Senator Cruz.
The Honorable Senator from the great state of Texas is a Genius#Senator Cruz
Great idea!
Brilliant !
DO IT!!!
It will be interesting to see if you get the Liberals like McConnell and Ryan on board!
Great idea
Cruz quietly just goes about his business of being brash bold and his usual abrasive to libs.. self  :)
@HouseGOP & @SenateGOP don't have the guts! They are going to let @POTUS hang out to dry to try to get him in line. #buildthewall #MAGA
Works for me....
Not a bad idea. And yes we need a wall. Border guards can be removed but a wall can not.
Brilliant
Well I guess Mexico is going to pay for the wall lol
I hope so!!
If we can keep Paul Ryan from fouling up the works!!
Brilliant!!
No wall will be big enough to stop the flow of drugs as long as the market remains here. The drug abuser is responsible for the chaos
#LoseCruz2018
Fabulous idea!!
@tedcruz @axios LOL LOVE THE BILL NAME!
When will these fucking fools introduce a real JOBS BILLSTOP WASTING OUR MONEY ABD OUR TIME
LETS DO ALL WE CAN ... #BuildTheWall
Now there's a good idea. We should take the war on drug assets of all violators and put it towards the wall and security. Get Serious #maga
@hcunill @axios smart
I like the Ted Cruz plan because then when @realDonaldTrump goes to jail, we can sell all of his gaudy, golden shit and pay for education.
How many school lunches and textbooks could be bought with that money instead?
@tedcruz @axios did it make Paul Ryan hide under his desk and suck his thumb
Great idea!
Brillent @SenTedCruz
About dang time someone in D.C. got their head out and came up with a better idea than #later! Go Ted!
So great !!!! Ted Cruz is the greatest
Pissing off psychopaths doesn't generally turn out well! #ElChapo
Sort of hard to get billions from someone in prison. Good luck with that.
El Chapo just needs to say ted's wife is ugly and his dad is an assassin and ted will seek a pardon for him.
Clearly, Cruz WANTS to be on SNL.
Great idea Ted Cruz
Sounds like a good idea
Goat
Trump sucks
Why
Can't even get funding for a wall smh
Failed to repeal o care
His Latest EO just got knocked down
Yeah BS liberal judges
When Ted Cruz finds his dick, we're all fucked.
great idea @tedcruz
Oh...thank G-d for Count Copulot /s

Behind the scenes the neverTrumper cabal is doing all it can to stall Trump's campaign promises. F him
Now the American people see the real Ted Cruz, supports a President that called his wife ugly and his father a conspirator. Sell Out!!
Damn Ted , you are smart!
Let El Chapo pay for the wall, The Art Of The Deal, this will work, make him a deal, I know how to make this work, time off for wall funds
Brilliant! Ted Cruz just made my whole day!
Outstanding Idea!!!
It's like throwing it in their faces 
Even tho I wouldn't mind my tax dollars to pay for a wall....this is a fabulous idea!
I HOPE THAT SENATOR CRUZ EXPLAINS THAT THIS IS TYPICALLY DONE UNDER "RICO" IN OTHER ILLEGAL ACTS. "EL CHAPO ACT" WOULD BE FOR THE WALL.
@DianeHauschildt @axios  
Open it up for citizen donations! Tax write off!
@SenTedCruz @axios brilliant. Well done Senator!!
Amen take them besides dirty politicians filling there pockets
@zach_esbin
Way to go Ted Cruz!
Make Mexico pay for the WALL
GOD BLESS
billions on a DJT monument to himself or use the $$ for American's like offset costs of trial, drug rehab, meals on wheels
Brilliant idea and excellent use of the money. Do it now
Great idea
Fabulous idea!
@POTUS @jeffsessions 
No doubt plenty of drug $$ 2pay 4wall & additional border patrol staff & equip-what a fitting thing 2do w/drug$$!
It's a good start, and along with penalties on cities, states, firms, and institutions, and pic related, will go a good way to #FundTheWall
Hopefully Chaps will help construct the wall too--he's the best at getting under them, around them...
Awesome
Genius!!!
Let's send Ted Cruz to take the bill to El cartel de Sinaloa.
Ted Cruz is the pledge who gets invited & survives hell week only to find out he's not permitted to live in the frat house or attend parties
Bless Ted's heart.
He had a lotta cash.
Wonder where it is now?
The entire budget of the US Customs and Border Protection Agency is $14B.
@marklevinshow @LevinTV 
What do you think about this proposal?
Isn't this a Bill of Attainder and therefore unconstitutional? I thought Ted graduated from a top law school. Guess not.
Agreed! Put the drug money into building the wall to keep out the drug cartels! Love it!
Retweet, speak up on this brilliant idea by @tedcruz to help protect America & support @POTUS in defending us from illegals, drugs,terrorism
@tedcruz @axios 
Oh I love that idea!  @tedcruz 
That's a good way to spend the money then Mexico would be paying for the Border Wall  
Hey I ALREADY TWEETED THAT.
That's a great idea, no cost to us! Best part of it is that Mexico (well, a Mexican) will pay for it!
Easily pay for that wall and stop democrats cartel money.
Of course!!! $14B in El Chapo's purse alone.
Still have those little problems of private property, physical geography, closing off Rio Grande and one foot taller than the wall ladders.
TED TED TED TED YEAHHHHH TEDDY!!! 
Funded by Mexico. Do it for the children that will be saved by less drugs flowing into USA. Steamroll @TheDemocrats protecting drug runners!
That is so dumb!!!!!!
@tedcruz @axios Trump can also use the money that will not be going to #sanctuarycities  !
Blocked
Absurd-
That's exactly how I would do it!Drug money have been seized already....and this way Mexico would pay for the wall for sure!!
@tedcruz @axios - assets from Drug assets plus a Border tax - people pay going across from & to Mexico - $5.00 a head on visa
Hmmmm...interesting idea.
@tedcruz I like that you are trying to help figure out the wall, I don't like asset forfeiture as a solution. Someone will take it too far.
Wow, gotta love it!
yas qween
What has he done for Texas in the last 5 years. Blocked legislation and ran for higher offices!
That would be wonderful!
Or you could use the money to fight the drug addiction crisis in the this country, starting with MI, OH, PA and VA who supported #Trump
Don't do that. Just make cannabis legal and have harsher punishments for people who use hard drugs.
good idea, let's do it
Ted. Good for you make them vote
Pitiful !
@SenTedCruz @axios You go Ted. A great idea move on it asap along with the billions the IRS is paying illegals incorrectly
@billmaher New rule. Can't start construction until assets seized from drug lords are enough to cover the cost!
GO TED!!!!!
Yaaaasssss
Makes sense!!! Do it!
Very create solution to pay for the wall from @tedcruz
Niiiiiiiiiice
@tedcruz @axios #BetOnBeto Much like everything else Ted touches, this too will wither and die.
This is stinking brilliant! Make the drug dealers, who pretty much run Mexico pay for the wall!
Great arguement! Haha I mean you have completely convinced me! I can see some problems but on the whole I think it could help.
That would be a problem, however if they find any of his assets they should go to this, so should all the other assets of drug dealers.
No we should redistribute the wealth of convicted criminals. If a Wall Street mogul commits a crime then by all means use his money.
Now, that is an idea! After all ElChapo didn't work for any of that money
But will anyone be screaming about homeless veterans, though. That's the real question.
GREAT IDEA @tedcruz
Great so U do want to keep your Job. Now make it happen. Build it ASAP
Great news !
Prez calls him "Lyin Ted". How do you know "Lyin Ted" isn't lying? @SenTedCruz
funny picture, get ted to grow mustache and get El Chapo to put on a stupid smirk and you have possible twins or at least brothers.
Estimated cost of the wall is in excess of $21 billion. And that doesn't account for manpower and upkeep.
Even if they get all $14 billion, this doesn't come close to paying for the wall. There are better things we can do with that money.
Wonderful, name the wall funding act after a dude renowned for escaping THROUGH TUNNELS!! Lord above, Cruz really is that stupid...
Do it ! Don't talk about it or pocket it anymore.
Ted Cruz go on chapo
but wait, although I did retweet, this doesn't mean that they will use drug money to pay for the wall?
If funds don't go to build a stupid wall they can be used for legitimate and sensible purposes. Your idea is an indirect way to make us pay
I say...BUILD THE WALL, BUILD THE WALL!!!!
Cruz, as always, is the smartest kid in the class. Make the drug lords pay for it!
At least one Republican has a plan and is creative.
Someone DM this plan to Potus
Love it!!
Awesome plan!!
Awesome! This is why you're my Fav Ted
You Democrat! I mean you lie!
So a guy who escaped prison via tunnel is the namesake for an act that will build a wall. Alrighty, then!

Perfect!  Get money from a guy who digs tunnels!
Makes sense -- El Chapo is famous for escaping by tunneling under a wall.

Now there's the stupidity that lost u the election... keep it up... 2020
Sounds incredibly stupid, not even remotely close to paying for this boondoggle, and very easy to exploit. Par for the course GOP babble.
Now there's the attitude that lost u the election... keep it up... 2020
You mean questioning whether a law will actually work instead of just thinking it'll stop "the bad guys" like a child? Sure.
that's pretty genious
You're bananas. Where do you think these assets go now? They just evaporate? Go to El Chap Pequeneo?
Such a loser Ted is
