All White Hmmmm what does that say about you Senator ?
What does it say when all you see is skin color?
It says to me the person in question might only like White Christian possibly Straight interns around it him
Or, the person who has race as their first thought primarily sees people in colors, not as individuals, and is actually racist.
I look and the 1st thing I see is all White People - Where are the Blacks, Hispanics, Muslims ?
Why do you hate white Christians?
And how can you tell by looking at them they're Christian? I'd love to know that trick. Would be helpful going forward.
Because Conservative Republicans only like Christians
A sea of white faces.  Do you ever hire interns of color, you know, so you can have a staff as diverse as Texas?

Comrade your constituents only ask for a town hall - none still scheduled ? Bizzy recess  again grifting for $$$$ instead of votes @txlege 
Great honor for these young Texans
The face that has been losing for 8 years and smelling fart lol
7. This is what Donald Trump himself said about Republicans and you still tried to CONN this country only to have POWER. FOR WHAT?
how many are you having affairs with?
Do you consider those with whom you disagree to be human?...
Only my son @EricTrump believes that.
Well then, your psychosis is quite #twitterific. Try to reply after the #shrooms wear off… 
LMGTFY

http://bfy.tw/DCE1 

There's that diversity you're known for. Blonde white people. Brunette white people. Including a clown in the middle is a nice touch.
I was thinking the same thing. My 1st thought - 'arent you missing some color from that photo?'
Eating lunch and losing elections. Two things you're good at.
We need to fix broken illegal immigration problem. Please support family based legal immigration & don't allow to attack legal immigrants.
Poor kids . . .
Thanks for selling out your generation guys.  Really appreciate your hard work and dedication to getting ahead no matter what.
Please see if you can come to El Paso, Texas and as they say take the bull by the horns, give several speeches!!!!
They seem to like you more than your children do. Congrats!  
Why was your dad hanging out with Lee Harvey Oswald, BTW?
Education is important. Let's up they get sent to both camps so as to be well rounded when education is complete. Learn both sides!
It's all catching up with each and every one of you http://Republicans.Now  their screaming about the leaks. COUNTRY MORE IMPORTANT
8. Look at this America. This shows the Republicans were willing to CONN you. To play power mongrel games with YOUR LIFE.
6 people helping ruin America.
They're so blessed to be working for you! I hope they know that!
3. On your head. You will go down in history as one of the most disgraceful Senators of this era. Your wife will be shamed for allowing it
2. Here are your words about what a liar trump is. Trump is the greatest danger to our country& if you don't get him out it will be
1. You have to prove yourself Cruz or you will be replaced. Join America in removing Donald Trump or you will pay a dear political price.
Cruz allowed trump to say horrible things about his wife, no one can believe in @SenTedCruz anymore. LOOK WHAT YOU SAID CRUZ.
Looks more like Utah than Texas. Did you pick them out of crowd at your  campaign event last week? You and 45 have the endless campaign down

A lot of diversity there, idiot.
Don't listen to the nasty nuts, @SenTedCruz . You're respected by many of us. Disrespect from the loonie left is an honor
I guess DOJ investigation on AA causes you to not have a Black or Latino Intern. Are there no Blacks or Latinos in Texas?
#WhiteBread
@TheOtherRigby I bet they ate sand
So how much does it cost the American taxpayer for all of theses interns times 50?
Diggin for your Anglo routes a Rafael when is your Townhall meeting Texans want to know
Great diversity you've got there Ted. And you of Hispanic lineage.
No black african americans? No asians? Ted so white interns...you hanging out with Steve Miller way to much Ted.. sad
Do you think one is going to apply for an intern job with him. They have to submit applications/resumes to be considered.
Racists much?
Stand up to Trump's incompetence, ignorance & abuse of the Presidency. By going along with him, you're agreeing. We hold GOP responsible.
Where are the latinos Mr. Cruz?
At work getting paid or living on the dole, unlike these people who don't get paid anything for their work.
great diversity, sir!
Hmmm ..."great", this sounds so familiar.  I'll bet they're the best interns. Of course, you have only the best interns.
Manson Family 2017 ...
I pity them for having to share air and space with you
Great but don't you join the rest of your buddies and go home without getting the job done.
Outstanding to see @SenTedCruz !
More Radical Fake Christians who claim to be prolife? Just what we need, more prolifers who want to take away Healthcare & let ppl die.
Very diverse bunch.
Why do none of them pick up the phones in DC?
Uggggh, now they have to take a shower
Sweet!!! Nothing like having LOTS v Gr8 people HELP who have the wherewithal knowledge & ability 2 help SO MUCH! GREAT job Ted as always! <3

ZODIAC KILLAH
How diverse!
CRUZ 2020 !! DEFENDER OF LIBERTY AND FREEDOM !!
They'll go back to Texas and confirm you're despicable.
un-cute chicks need not apply.
Your response to this?
cool..TM (lol)
They are going to need two showers to get off all the cruzz.
Diversity at its finest.
I hope you didn't ask them about their bathroom habits again.

