#saveACA
Sure they do. 7 years of obamacare and people can't remember what Good Healthcare is.
You voted for Cruz, clearly engaging you in any discussion will be a waste of everyones time as you likely dont care about hurting Americans
In other words, I pay my own bills, and you're afraid I may be able to quit paying yours too. Lib to English translation.
Getting a second mortgage on your double wide doesn't qualify you as a financier. Sounds good though!
Have to ask - what the fuck is a double wide? Is that a trailer? #thewheelsonyourhousegoroundandround #ifyoucantgetintocollegegotostate

You & #Trump have been systematically defunding the ACA so u could push ur shit plan & give tax credits to wealthy
.@ChrisMurphyCT explains how Obamacare isn't dying — Trump is purposefully killing it 
Obamacare has systematically been defusing the American people. Looking forward to making my own choices again.
You mean looking forward to not choosing a plan and becoming a burden on society when you go bankrupt from your medical expenses. #Shameful
You believe obamacare, with it's exorbitant deductibles and double the premiums will keep ANYONE out of bankruptcy? Crap ins is NO ins.
If you think that your insurance premiums went up because of the ACA and not corporate greed, I've got a bridge I'll sell you in Brooklyn
I'm sure you do. Probably bought it yourself, just like you bought into the ACA lie. But yes, the only winners in ACA are the ins companies.
U r blissfully unaware of what u lose if ACA is gone-protection against lifetime maximums-pre-existing conditions...No wonder u hide ur face
I'm not advocating for #Swampcare. I want a #FullRepeal.
If the people of Texas re-elect this Canadian again, then I give up and the Deplorables can keep Texas! @TexasResist
We will. Thanks.
 Texas is for Conservatives.
Texas is the last hope for the country.
I believe that!
Repeal completely. The govt. has no business playing the insurance game.
#LyingTed
You do not represent the Texans morales,we don't kiss a$$ .. we hold our own and are NOT afraid to stand on the RIGHT side of aisle ..
People scared to death they are going to have to pull their own weight, pay their own bills, afraid the free ride is coming to an end.
Do not just "limit" government's ability to restrict our options, eliminate government restrictions on the people! We want #FullRepeal now!
If this is so great does your bill include a provision that lets members of congress have the same great coverage and cost options? Not!
This is true and needs to be changed. At least we agree here. All of their perks should be gone.
You forgot to add "but it will cost A LOT if you've got a preexisting condition, or you're poor or a senior".
Limit the insurance & pharmaceutical companies' influence & control or you are just ripping us off. I refuse to buy your BS as an option.
BullShit! Ted. It does nothing of the sort.
Then why are you restricting women's choice,  a persons right to get married, health insurance to disabled children.....
Cheap Insurance for the Healthy Raises Premiums & Deductibles for those Sick..I Have a ? for You...How Dwelleth the Love of GOD in You Sir?
As it should be. Think about how much tweaking could have been done to our old system of healthcare with the money spent on Obamacare 
NO BAILING OUT INSURANCE COMPANIES, MR. CRUZ!!!
See liberals this works both ways, you can get the ACLU plan that covers police 'attacks' and everytype of abortion imaginable
Really? Would like to see CBO score and parlimentarian ruling on it before I pass judgement.
Good start.  When does REPEAL happen?
No real conservative would ever vote for govt controlled HC. Read the Constitution. Free oblind course Hillsdale college. Govt ruins lives.
Fix Medicaid cut out  the waste fraud  & abusers.
Where  in the Constitution does does it say Govt mandates healthcare? Govt stole social security  now you need another slush fund to rob?
The freedom to purchase cheap junk insurance does me no good when cancer strikes.
So much your Ivy Education....W was smarter than u...
But the act you supported to criminalize American business from not buying #ApartheidIsrael products is against our freedom of speech #bds
Thank you. I never have liked paying for a Mammogram. I m a man.
SHAME ON YOU FOR VOTING "YES" ON THE TRUMPCARE BILL!  #DumpCruz #DumpTrump #Traitor #RESIST
There will be a special place for the two of you jerks that voted to take my healthcare away!
Pay for a policy that covers nothing. Great choice buying junk insurance. Repeal and replace Lyin Ted in 2018!
and takes away your healthcare
Senate’s Better Care Reconciliation Act (BCRA) would drive up the uninsured rate in every U.S. state.
So that's what this non-existent bills does?
Senator Cruise make sure that's in the bill
Senator Cruz make sure that's in the bill
What's your cut going to be if you win?
It's not the govt job to chose my insurance,dr,girlfriend or number of kids I have. Secure the border and leave my healthcare to me.
Bad idea,restricts diversified private insurance pools,get on the team Ted!
Even insurance CEOs have said your amendment is un-enforceable & illogical.  It would guarantee the @GOP would hurt Americans.  Give it up
Stop the gridlock, no Kumbaya. Stop this sh*t storm! Get national healthcare that actually treats all medical problems.
No party lines, NOW!
You don't surprise. Your disdain for poor, sick, disabled and elderly Americans is truly epic. #TrumpcareSucks #TrumpcareKills
It's been toLong!CongressNeeds toACT NOW!!#ConsumerFreedom Amendment is a WIN! #RepealObamacare #KeepYourPromise! Thankyou Senator #TedCruz
If you vote for the repeal with NO replacement, then you are voting YES for the deaths of thousands of American people. #VOTENO
Appeal Obama care & put your stuff in it that's what we need all you ti don't to go against it All will b voted out from American people
Ted Cruz is literally as awful as an American can be.
"Gitter Done TED"
Makes you feel big to screw seniors over as long as the Kochs get tax cuts and you get big checks from them How much did you get
Free/open market competition is key. Choice. Cost reduction. Price transparency/clear pricing. Congress required to use whatever passes.
I am a senior citizen with a pre exiisiting conditon But I am nothing just as long as you and your family have healthcare
Ted Cruz 2024 with one condition. Stay loyal to Rep party regardless. Forgiven for your 2016 blunder. You are a good man at last.
That's what we had before ACA and premiums kept going up. You are a liar! It's not freedom if only the rich can afford proper healthcare
The insurance market doesn't really work that way for people with disabilities or lower income. It gets chosen for us, by people like you.
You do realise obamacare is an act, it's not actual insurance...right? I chose between four companies and multiple plans this year.
Concentrate on Provider cost reduction. Try open posting of ALL healthcare items.
The government's ability to help indigent people through ACA and expanded Medicaid is only limited by their willingness to tax the rich.
People can still choose other coverage! Best options for coverage @financial protection outlined. Doesn't take away any right to choose.
Are you adding the amendment that says Congressional members get the lowest priced policy available in their state as their healthcare pkg?
No. It doesn't. It makes it impossible to have insurance unless you're rich or entirely healthy. VOTE NO.
And virtually no actual coverage or benefits. Your amendment is a shameful lie
Please vote no on this healthcare bill.
Sweet! We have the freedom to buy shittier plans with higher deductibles!
You already have that. Enjoy!
Did you ask all of your constituents or did you just decide this for yourself? We elected you, you have to listen to all of us.  I hate you
Worst icon in the history of twitter. Get something new & better.
It provides for an option that's worthless if you develop a serious health problem. That's not choice, that's bad craziness.
As it should be. #lessgovernment #morefreedom
And destroys the chance for older, lower income, and/or people with preexisting conditions to get decent affordable coverage.
But he used the word "freedom" twice so it must be good ! 'merica !!
Stay strong senator. You might be our last hope.
Is this factual? -->
We can purchase our health insurance in a Free Market system across state lines, Senator???
I just called UR offc to protest this deathcare bill. DO NOT proceed with this vote or take away our healthcare. You don't work 4 the Kochs.
Please vote NO today, it's been wonderful teaching kids that aren't sick. ---Texas Public School Teacher
If you get sick on TedCare enjoy the six months of dying while you are waiting to be eligible for actual insurance you can't afford.
Do you look at your wife's eyes after Trump disrespected her, and then you bend over to him?
I don't like the words "limiting governments ability". Government should have NO role in the insurance. Deregulate
Again, "We, the people" need to intervene:
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
Yet it doesn't say that it must be affordable. Access is a word that gives no action to assist.
How can we even delay floor debate? This is killing me; two to four senators aren't getting 100% their way; holding up everything.
Freedom for insurance companies to cheat.
I'm thinking "we the people" need to intervene:
No, it provides the market with junk insurance by companies that don't have to meet standards.
So basically HC insurance companies can offer you plans that don't pay for anything in exchange for money. Got it.
Well, first you have to vote to proceed, and then we'll talk about your amendment. lol
We are with you. You need to stand up for the POTUS more however. And demand the Democrat crime syndicate see justice

