so my Texas senator thinks lying under oath is acceptable.   I see why Trump called you lying Ted.
impropriety like lying under oath? Please push for resignation #FireSessions
He did not lie. He was asked a specific question and he answered it exactly. He never had a meeting about campaign.
Then why did he use campaign funds for the trip?
Thank you @SenTedCruz for standing up for AG Sessions!
@ashvegas2448 I'm liking Ted Cruz more and more.
me too, but I'm also cautious about him too.
Sessions is a racist and lied when he was confirmed.The man should step now.I don't see any goog in him.
Thou shalt not lie. Hm, a person of integrity? Seems you are ignoring the foundations of your faith 4 ur party yet again.
@t2gunner When is Sessions gonna clean the pedophile child killing cannibals out of Senate and House? TIME RUNNING OUT 4 KIDS!!!
why do you continue to support the people who disparaged you so badly? I used to respect you. Stand up to them!
Liar! No integrity, no honor. Nit in him, u, trump, or any of u republicans!
yah, if he were a democrat you wouldn't be singing this song. You'd be calling for his head.

he perjured himself.  He needs to resign, period
thank you for standing behind the AG. Lean over and smack a few others who don't follow suit (looking at you Chaffetz)
So lying is ok when it suits your needs huh?
Thanks for fighting against the radical left politicians. They will do "anything" to obstruct Republican Conservative agenda.
, independent investigation is the only way to restore faith in the Election
he needs to resign.
Listen carefully to Franklys question to Sessions concerning a newspaper article about Russia. He did not lie! please fightback
bet u want to eat these words now! Or is lying under oath to Congress not illegal if it's ur party? U work 4 Texans not Trump!
talking to enemies is wrong....so Ted should we work with Iran
Bwhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahahahahahahahahahhaha #repealandreplacetedcruz2018
We need Sessions to resign, 45s taxes, independent investigation into Russia and Ryan out of the basement.
sessions needs to be fired and so do you!!
he lied under oath
he lied under oath
Lying under oath does not exhibit honor or integrity. Once again, action only once caught red handed. You people are a disgrace.
@SteveDeaceShow Ted, start an investigation into Obama's shadow Gov't! Now!
Thank you for sticking together. Keep up the great work.
Recusal gave Democrats credibility. He should reverse his decision!
Well the Dems have lost their minds !!!! oldvet0065
Thank you for standing up for #JeffSessions .  You both are men of integrity.  This too shall pass.
he's supposed to be the TOP law enforcement officer and he lied under oath and you called it a nothingburger....
