You mean the international fake station? #flatearth #alexjonesisbillhicks #reptilianshapeshifter
Idiot
So fake. Stealing money from the people
Yes, by insulting people you make a point, good for you.
lol....oh wow...
A fet got annoyed with me.....
Job done.
 tweet deleted, good job  
by your profile anyone could say you are very smart but your tweets say the contrary, good job boss. Why you get so sentive?
just get REALLY tired of FETs and conspiriturds  spouting rubbish and NEVER back it up with a shred of proof.
Fantastic achievement NASA!!
This is an international collaboration not NASA ffs
SORRY!! Congratulations to everyone concerned
Pay no attention to the Troll, @Lamboholic1 . NASA still had a hand in the ISS, so go ahead and congratulate them. Congrats NASA!
Cheers my friend!
Cheers, mate. :-) :-)
We can work together in space but not here on Earth? It's not the people that fight but government controllers!
It's not just Gov Controllers. It's people who lack the courage to be truly imaginative.
This is my point exactly on many issues like wars. We need to work together to bring peace as well, the ppl.
We need to find a way to convince people that following a person like al Baghadi is not constructive/positive/etc.. that they can do better.
I try to see each point on it's own merit but still attacked on here for that. I am used to the attacks now.
Not attacking u. Just believe that promoting positivity and constructive effort can win over ppl who r exposed to the future they promise.
It's easy to talk loving kindness in words but come out to the ppl & see how you feel. Haven't been home 2wks
Happy Day wishes to NASA et al!!! We are proud of you, love you, and keep you in our prayers always! America First!
I was just in Washing DC and the Smithsonian Air & Space Museum has a 3D Film from this Space Station; it was impressive.
Do you know that even with vastly superior technology, NASA has not been back to the moon since Dec 1972?

NASA SUCKS !

Low achievers !
can you tell us please how such astonishig pictures are made ? There are some kind of space-photo-drones involved ?..
Most like this were taken in space shuttle days which were crewed and had big windows. This one was Endeavour on mission STS-130.
Thank you Nathan and happy international space Day! 
And you 
Of course! Who else would be occupying it?
Cosmonauts.
Excellent response!
I aim to please.
@tçgdb4 _Station Ayy
I remember being in 3rd grade 16 years ago and being totally stoked on science and Nasa b/c of ISS and my teacher Vira Lozano
@SenTedCruz @Space_Station Yes, and @Cmdr_Hadfield drove it the best!
Amazing
And still flying on russian rockets
W
Witt for.BD.SATALITE
Wait fr bd satalite
Everyone involved in this project are the greatest pioneers in the history of mankind's attempt to explore outer space, thanks from earth!
Is NASA being defunded?
Are the astronauts allowed to have their own front door key now?
Hmm
Wow
where all the flat earthers at?
It is Beautiful
Amazing!I think we'll find alien one day.
My how time flies.
yeah.
may this happen to other planets also so i can leave this hatered planet
So..... can we hear about it? How is it going? What are they learning?
@ScienceChannel @Space_Station...
Well it's not like you can lock the door and leave it for the next guest.  Sheesh.
IF YOU SAY SO....?
I was gonna day something about flat earth .. But nvm
I need youtoo hi on beach here in ft lauderdale
Congratulations on this amazing human endeavor in space !
Great achievement
I attempted to test fully automated plant cultivation equipment by wireless instruction in the outboard experiment area of ISS.
Way to make Cosmonautics Day all about you! #gagarin
Why not in orbit..
My mom and I will celebrate this by watching @HiddenFigures tonight!
Thanks for all that you do there for us in the earth
56 лет назад Юрий Гагарин на корабле «Восток-1» облетел Землю, и эти 108 минут изменили мир! С праздником!!! #ДеньКосмонавтики
@ISS_Research @Space_Station astronauts rule -- natural diplomats to save the world from destruction and death.
That's a lot of gravity plane hours
After 16 years of continuous use, all I can think of is I bet that place smells pretty gross.
#Cassinislastmission Cassini is about to shut down in september 15th 2017 Make sure everyone do their last breaths to cassini!  Good Night!
unbelievable...   hays off.
Yeah, in a POOL!
Amazing work! Each step astronauts take is a step forward in human advancement. Reflect strong #human spirit. This is why we're alive today.
This is why we're alive today........ITS A BIG LIE
That's a lot of laundry that is piling up until they land!!?
Where are all the million satellites at?
So who is taking the picture of the space station? Aliens?
Technology  ( Satellite  ) is fantastic
Can you please put Obama there for the next 16 years
I'll even help pay to put him there.
Mam you actually look alike @BarackObama
Did you know it's a joke?  I'd like to see "real" footage of when it's dismantled, and descends into the Pacific.
Continuously? Were they not holed up in one of the Soyuz craft during an incident? I'll grant it was attached.
How many more years?
Happy #internationaldayofhumanspaceflight
Enjoy the day as we Earth-bonded can't.  you all 4 what ur doing 4 us, r kids, grndkids, etc. U r proof r future strted many yestrdays ago.
Osm
Awesome!
The significant day, International Space flight day. The International Space Station since last 16 year's non stop working with Humans.Great
Gracias a Dios por darles mucha sabiduría ciencia y conocimiento a estos hombre que estudian el Espacio y su universo galaxticos
@susmitchakrabo1 @Space_Station That's a lot of floating coffee mornings!!.

روعة
@INDYPRESSGL Space is fake.
I watched LIFE in the cinema. Be careful with those aliens!
Alien reflection off astronaut face shield even NASA has flaws because you are only human I pay attention
@LStarkweather

I hope @NASA @esa @csa_asc @SpaceX can venture further into the final frontier. And discover the beauty and magnificence of outer space.
What ever happened to lance bass and the vigin galactic flights announced almost 20 years ago???
Where are the stars in the background?
You don't really see any stars during orbital daytime, because the Sun and Earth are so much brighter.
Yea fuxken right!? So the sun and moon are so bright that we can't see stars with more mass then our sun light years away?! Shut it up.
To get enough photons of starlight to hit the sensors in the camera, the Earth and ISS parts of the image would be completely overexposed.
as a science teacher I cry that people's basic lack of knowledge leads to conspiracy theories.
Congratulations 
It's amazin... We had also occupied some space in the space for some more time.!.!.!lol
Wow
Did you know that since lettuce has been grown there its technically a colony
@sheeple101 @Space_Station something fishy about space station,may be fake not sure
No they can't really fake it with too many making the trip. You can see it too with a telescope.
& my birthday! Fits that I got a Battlestar Galactica model & Dune books 4 gifts :D #InternationalDayofHumanSpaceFlight
Haha good photoshop skills bro
It's not a Stanford torus, though. And there's no hotel on the station for tourists. So, don't hurt yourself tooting your own horn.
That is cool!
Nice！tweet！
To prove man can't  live in deep space, or on the ocean floor for long. Pushing robotics to justify.
So Great....Thanks for all of your services.
As we celebrate Gagari&Glenn these days we should encourage @potus & @kremlinrussia to become Partners in World Building &Space Exploration.
Not thai more ???
Than
No i did not. Interesring!
Must smell awful
Don't worry; they clean it every Saturday.
Such a long time #InternationalDayofHumanSpaceFlight
My Dream Job! #dreamon
It doesn't get any colder than there! If we could do it there, we can do it anywhere in the entire Greater Solar System; And that's awesome!
Maybe move 45 in there?


Konsa planate hai jo earth ke pasa se jane wala hai jo 500 years se jata hai
#InternationalDayoHumanSpaceFlight! WOW!!
:)
Nasa...
Which is planet for this shifted 
Is year 500
That's probably a hoax like the moon landing. 
happy #internationaldayofhumanspaceflight
POGLEDAJTE SLIKU DA VIDITE DA JE ZEMLJA OKRUGLA A NE PLOČA.
Y'all are the best, never change. #InternationalDayofHumanSpaceFlight is my new favorite holiday.
روعة
Now I know.  Thanks @NASA
I think that's more than Mir at this point.
Can this be a reason for space pollution ???
Has anyone ever got sick on the station?
Oh yeah? What's the rent like?
So home improvement time?
Wow
And I've never been invited...
ifb
Just breathtaking 16 years
