vote them all out in 2018.
Where was Sen. McCain?
@GorsuchFacts @senjudiciary And I will support you next election.
You need to go
This is just a dog and pony show. Why don't you people go back to the senate and do the work of the people.
you should tell schumer,pelosi and maxine that
Try watching real news instead of Fox and you will be educated.
lol, i don't even have cable. you should stop watching #FakenewsCNN msnbc,abc or pbs newshour
you are as much of a liar as your president you have internet done need Cable nice try LIAR. See all your FOX post
hahaha your funny,internet doesn't need cable,silly!! it is connected to our phone.see??? you really are a liberal
what's funny is UR denial that U watch FOX. You R just another Trumper that no matter how much of a failure he is you will defend
sorry your conclusion is wrong. do you have evidence to your statement???ahuh,did you wiretap or surveilled my phone or internet?
and the lies keep coming 
The @GOP the party of lies and alternative truths.  
VOTE DEMOCRAT
vote democrats so you can get free stuff!
Such an ignorant statement but I know that you have been fed that line for years.
Sad statement that it is chop chop, but true.
@GorsuchFacts @senjudiciary well it's good 2 see Repub finally standing together on something I wish they would do it always
Merrick, you're looking weird lately, you feeling alright?
Thanks SO much for selling us out on our Internet privacy. >:(
Hmm Internet  and privacy.. kinda mutually exclusive terms,Don't you think?
>:(
Wait, didn't your dad help kill Kennedy?
Do what @TedCruz said, no 9th person on the Supreme Court #gonuclear #FilibusterGorsuch
Get him pushed through Sen Cruz. We need his ideals on the Court. You should be the next pick.
@senjudiciayNO!!!!!!!
I confirm that Gorsuch gave gutless responses in order to spend decades wreaking vengeance for his mommy.
DON'T let 'em filibuster Sen. Cruz!!
(
I assume you don't have a disabled person in your family, Gorsuch thinks they are inferior to him
@GorsuchFacts @senjudiciary Let's get it done, no matter what it takes.
pls help Trump administration achieve its goal
mccain & his girlfriend lindsey bother me!
lol, ask biden about that
impeachment for what???for destroying the corrupt democratic party and republican elitest?
oh my its 90' in here, too hot maybe coz of climate change
i can move to hillary's third mansion
support Gorsuch.
Senator,please continue to use this unified GOP bully pulpit to advance Trump's agenda: wall,immigration,taxes,etc
THANK YOU SEN. CRUZ HE NEEDS ALL THE SUPPORT HE CAN GET. DEMS THINK THEY RULE USA. USA BELONGS TO THE PEOPLE!
He is a judge for business, not for people.  Such a tool, Ted.  You go where the wind blows. Careful 2018
Freedom and liberty inaliable rights outlined in constitution have always been S. Cruz discourse.
Team player Ted,  COOL
Didn't do your job...Stolen Seat. MGarland, only.
Merrick Garland??? Just reminding you of that name since you've forgotten what obstruction is 
Wasn't that Mawwek Grealund? He invented the ladle, right?
Actually I believe Grealund invented the spork...should be a hero of yours.
What did this Gurland guy of yours do?
Not answering unless you show him respect and use his accurate name..
should be 60 of you guys at least, keep up the pressure to get the job done
party shill
Self promoting photo op.  Investigate RU, work AHCA, PROTECT the env (even XOM doesn’t want out of Paris accord.)
Another Merry go Round AGW/ Climate Warming Change Globalv stew brain. There's no pill to cure it.
Go nuclear.  Whaever it takes.  The Democrat Party does not own this country.
but there's an election right around the corner, we should give the American people a voice, don't you think?
I'll take "What are things desperate pols say when their plans to steal a SCOTUS seat are looking slimmer" Alex
You have an orange ring around your lips to huh!! Ass kisser
Wait until Russia/Trump/Pence investigation is done before anyone is confirmed. You put M. Garland off for a year.
#NOtoGorsuch ! #WomensRights #WomensHealth #LGBTQrights #StandWithPP #alternativeFacts
Need some corned beef with those hashtags.
Thank you! #confirmgorsuch
Remember when you agreed to sell our internet history to the highest bidder? We do too. #donorvote #gonein2018
thanks u  r A 1 please stand by Trump he/we need u bless u *+*
You're creepy
Thank you. Please do this every day for us. #EverydayAmericans #Gorsuch
Give Garland his damned hearing first. You people owe him that much.
Sorry, I don't just 'get over' injustice. I have principles, which the guys in this pic lack.
Why don't you do some actual work instead. Grandstanding children.
thank you Senator for your support of this administration unlike the Rinos and other tired pcs in DC
How many Republican dingbats does it take to ruin a perfectly good photo? All of them!
No vote on Gorsuch.
I'm not sure what the point of this is. It won't sway any Dems. Just a show instead of doing actual work.
let's get it done!!!!!
: "Another opportunity to eat my boogers on TV."
