Single-payer is inevitable. Not what I want, but what I see. Humpty Dumpty ain't getting the band back together. @BernieSanders
Few things in the world are inevitable. As Trump winning the WH has proven.
Death is. And ACA killed off mid-market brokers and insurers. @SenTedCruz @BernieSanders
If you want prices to actually fall, you need to get the pricing mechanism in Health Care.
A market artificially created by wage controls in the 30s is not going to resurrect itself as anything other than cronyism.
mechanism comes back, and prices once again begin to matter.
And who capitalizes? Who is left to further the consolidation that is already largely complete? The Bigs. With lobbyist. Crony
consumer.
No it wouldn't. Don't say things that aren't true. You make me embarrassed to be a Texan.
Pls. ABSTAIN from Sessions vote. Trump is dangerous & you know it. Sessions will empower Bannon & Trump more. Save this Country.
Every country except ours had a single payer system like medicare for all and has not bankrupted those countries.
Has a single payer system like medicare.
You mean @BernieSanders had (past tense) a single payer system in Vermont. But VT killed it. It cost too much
the VA model is living proof the government can't run healthcare for anyone.
You did a GREAT job Senator Cruz! Freedom and choices or one size fits all? I'll take freedom please!
they lie to you, it's not freedom!
Hmmm, interesting, what do you call doing EXACTLY what I want instead of ONE gov mandated plan?
nobody is mandating you to do shit. Go rogue!
Sure so long as you don't mind paying the annual fine. Why not let people keep their money.
well unfortunately some people don't have the funds, which is what I don't like about the ACA.
yes it would destroy our health care & the healthcare providers. All the MDs would go concierge. Happening now
Spending other people's money is their answer for everything...until there's none left to spend.
it's okay when they send our money on wars and building a wall though?
Great job in debate. I was glued to my tv. 
Winner: Bernie Sanders.    Loser:misinformed Ted Cruz
Where is your plan Senator? Let's see it please...could probably gain more support.
The $7 trillion wasted on fake wars didn't bankrupt the country, so how would a trillion or so for health do it?
or the money spent shutting down government and blocking Obama!
Exactly what progressives want. Then all there is is the government and no choice or accountability.
'Medicare for all' is just a fancy way of saying wealth redistribution #RepealAndReplace
wealth has been redistributed to the top 1% for decades. At least this way you would get care.
Obamacare was never meant to be about healthcare. Socialism doesn't work, Obamacare is a #fraud.
it's working good for our policemen and politicians they get paid from our taxes
- EXACTLY!
Why is everyone afraid of saying too many old and/or sick people are being "kept" alive too long??
you guys said "replace with something better." Bernie's plan is better, yours isn't. #healthcare #Obamacare
you clowns can't afford universal health care because you're too busy "rebuilding the military". Good luck.
so then please explain to me how MANY other countries offer quality universal health care and aren't bankrupt.???
Single payor health insurance. ie Fed Govt handout since most wont pay in. Money pit. Tax HIKE + for workers
and don't let that traitor  Susan Collins health plan get anywhere
oh that's horse shit and you know it. Yet shutting down the government is a good way to spend OUR $$$$? @BernieSanders
How about the whole country on the congressional health care plan at the same cost FAIR
you got that right @SenTedCruz, wouldn't have it, he HATES Americans!
wrong. I'm a surgeon. Medicare for all is fair across the board.
wrong. Medicare is highly flawed. Never has there been a gov program fair for everyone.
wrong. I'm a surgeon. Medicare for all is fair across the board.
find me a better option. Ssi is a program that is reasonable for almost all as a backstop
Complete BS.
That's Bankrupt Bernie.
bernie is an old fool
15-25 BILLION for useless Wall,but @GOP won'tSpend $$$ on UScitizens for HEALTH CARE for ALL?Healthy Citizens=MakingAmericaGreat
so would the wall
I wish more people could understand this simple fact.
Untrue Canada  has universal healthcare as do all major developed nations
No our country wouldn't stop funding all these other countries and take care of ours
Medicare has prems. and copays., Drs. see these pts. last, reimb. rates suck Drs. can't afford to see them.
Please, Ted.  Americans need access to health care,  not your pandering.  NO to profit making health insurance.
no Ted private industries worrying about their bottom line will destroy healthcare
yeah, let's just continue on with the government-sponsored scam we have going now.
Why burden US Employers with providing ins?Provide HeathCare 4ALL US citizens like other GREATcountries! https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/matt-miller-canadians-dont-understand-ted-cruzs-health-care-battle/2013/09/25/ee2d6e6e-25d9-11e3-b75d-5b7f66349852_story.html?utm_term=.72a7e9feaa9a …
How do all those other countries manage to do it?! France is 1st in world healthcare ratings, USA is 38
You're wrong!  You guys are just too cowardly to do it.  It's worked just fine in Canada for over 40 years
Do the math Ted. You could make it happen for all the people for the good of the people. Leave ACA alone.
@LucyHopeGannon @BernieSanders ... ability to do so
We already rank #37 for care while #1 for cost. All modern nations with single payer have better care than us
@LucyHopeGannon @BernieSanders America is a monetary sovereign, it creates dollars out of thin air.  Can never run out of ...
next time he brings up scandinavian countries the size of Texas, remind him the pop., size, and complexity of USA
Then use Canada or Australia.
canada's health care is dismal say all my Canadian friends. Australia has 23 mil, we have 260 mil.
Canada's is fine. Hip & knee replacements are slow, but everything else is fine.  No cost.
but 14-something billion for a wall won't?
congrats on a well deserved victory over @BernieSanders
Not true at all, healthcare in the UK is amazing.
absolutely! Sen Sanders don't care about that, as long he can stick it to the evil rich!
what do you expect from someone who should have been #TermLimits long ago. Out of touch, Dreamer
it's a matter of priorities. And comparing a woman's access to healthcare to buying a luxury car is ludicrous
@changeisneeded_ @BernieSanders Obama already destroyed it. 80% of what I need my insurance won't cover
Yet you have no problem w taxpayers covering your healthcare
no it wouldn't and you know it because you and I talked about it during your campaign
dude, ted, seriously, don't point to a puff piece on your site as proof...#factsmatter #coruptTed
thats what bernie wants. hes not a social democrat but a believer in hugo chavez socialsim
Sen Cruz, Just knew you would grand slam that debate out of the park.  Poor Bernie is still scratching his head.
stats or it's fake news. Don't kill me Mr. Zodiac.
Aren't you morally bankrupt anyway, Sen. Cruz?? #zodiackiller
this is absolute bs. Great debate though. I know you are an attorney - math not strong suit.
#AnswerThePhone
yes it would a better system comprehensive providers to drug companies
this statement is completely false if you do any research AT ALL it is a fact that singlepayer is the answer
no what is bankrupting our country is the lack of education and health care you need to see what it is like ted
False
#TedCruz you're bought and paid for SAD for you You will have to answer someday
yes this is completely true and if don't believe it then you can't do math
great job Ted Cruz
Sen. Sanders admitted that what they promised the American people did not happen. No second chances
Who is to say People without insurances won't bankrupt many a hospital or provider?
Funny how so many European countries manage to provide healthcare for their citizens with GDP smaller than ours.
@ishapiro only if you completely capitulate to the pharma and device companies and refuse to negotiate. But you're a pussy... so
I like how you looped in @ishapiro though. Even ghouls wearing human skin masks feel the need to be liked by SOMEONE I guess.
the family who paid 25k for HC, w 15k deduct,  is paying for the ones who get free HC, no deduct
let states expand the free CLI ICS for the poor, then those who can pay will have their H ins back
Says the Canadian Senator who received over 1 MILLION dollars in campaign contributions from healthcare industry.
Oh, so I guess we should stick to the Heritage Foundation's idea then? Or is your point that poors shouldn't get to see a doctor
senator Cruz nows he's great thank u sir
: Sen Ted Cruz, you were excellent!
I implore you both to work together to make our people healthier happier and assured that we can live better!
Its worked really well in the U.K., just look at their teeth! I thought Alec Baldwin was moving out of America???
just look at VA. Thats example of Government run healthcare. No thanks.
bullshit. It just means your party won't work hard enough to find a way. This is the USA, we can find a way
And it is going under 11years from now...Medicare not a good example of government functioning well.
NO, Sen. Cruz: Massive tax breaks for billionaires & corporations "bankrupt" our country. #UniversalHealthcareNow
I wish @SenTedCruz would've expressed the truth of "Lambo" metaphor, as in "IT'S ALL STILL MONEY, @BernieSanders AND NOT YOURS!!" #cnndebate
#CNNDebateNight #cowbellbernie was killed by Texes Senator Ted Cruz! It was Bernie that felt the burn tonight!!!!
Damn,Ted just laid the smackdown on Bernie! It was brutal!
some times the love for a something I'll can make the irrational be rational. #LetsChooseProsperity & no bandaids
If we can't have healthcare, then John McCain can't have his 5 trillion dollar war budget.
.@SenTedCruz @BernieSanders Universal #healthcare is working great in Australia! Cheaper, better, fairer #CNNDebateNight #LyinTed
it's been in Canada for over 40 yrs. works fine.
Great job tonight Sen Cruz. I wanted you for POTUS. Hats off to Sen Sanders. You are a class act sir.
I paid Medicare all my working life and still working we give obamacare to illegals not suppose to but they do it
total bullshit. Cruz propaganda.
Your plan may not be as good either. We will wait and see.
The widget and buggy whip industries died for lack of lobbyist's.
Israel gives their peeps free healthcare with our tax dollars, how about we spend it on Americans First?
We get it, you've got yours so f*ck everyone else, right?
you did great! It is going to be a struggle to change the minds of those who have got used to the handouts!
what if we take Ted's corporate campaign donors off taxpayer-funded welfare?
that would free up more than enough money. Not great for lyin ted, bur pretty great for the rest of us.
I felt the elite attitude to the woman who owned the salons was disgraceful.
people really want socialism Mr.Cruz it's crazy.Not what my parents wanted for me. Not what I want for my country
Europe single payer has death panels ska the complete life plan under ACA. NO to death panels and single payer!
if you believe that, then you can't math.  #DeVosEducation
Bernie has a finer appreciation for quality queso than you do Teddy
That's right! The only solution is to use market principles to limit healthcare to profitable patients!
Great Job 
It shouldn't be!
but you're helping build a wall?
exactly!  A wall that can crawled over or tunnelled under.
Well Turnip knows all abt that.  How many times he filed chapter11?
