Empty platitudes. You voted against the LGBTQ hate crimes bill. Politicians like yourself have fanned the flames of bigotry.
Yes. Let's pursue the people who demonize LGBT, call them pedophiles & rapists & perverts. That hate was what caused this.
Your prayers are meaningless. You are complicit. We know who "those responsible" really are. GUN REFORM NOW. #Orlando
do something & pass some sensible gun control laws. You took $7500 from gun industry before voting down gun laws #worthless
how about we start with having people that are on no fly lists also not be able to purchase a gun?
you are responsible for #Orlando wash the blood from your hands & refuse the #NRA $ and vote for #GunReformNOW #LGBT #gunlaw
You are responsible. Stricter gun laws would have prevented this and you voted against!!
...oh shut up and vote to ban assault weapons.
As someone who does bidding of @NRA, you're an accomplice to the 50 murders in Orlando. Actions speak louder than prayers.
.@SenatorIsakson oh. you mean how you voted against commonsense gun laws? because i hold you responsible, too.
THIIIIS. If you care about your constituents, you need to pass commonsense gun laws, sir.
Are you reaching out to the NRA to collaborate with you on solutions to reduce gun violence in America?
@BrendaWoodWXIA SHAME on you Brenda!! He voted against background checks for terror list and
we NEED you to report on this Brenda. Not retweet prayers. Please
Youre one of the folks who have worked against LGBT inclusion and protections your whole life. Your prayers mean shit.
Why did you vote against background checks in 2015? You are responsible for their deaths.
private citizens and ESPECIALLY people on the terrorist watch list shouldn't own military grade weapons. Stop voting 4 it!!
You should be ashamed. It is your inaction that allows this. You don't get to pretend to care until you TAKE ACTION.
Let's instead pray that the Orlando tragedy finally spurs our congress to give up the NRA $$ &  pass meaningful gun legis.
...are  talking about pursuing the members of Congress for your failure to enact reasonable gun control? You should be.
Orlando was caused by more than ISIS influence. Easy civilian access to guns design for killing is also a big factor.
as your constituent, glad to hear it--so I'll be seeing you stand with @ChrisMurphyCT to make gun dealers act responsibly?
Thoughts and prayers and then what? You are LITERALLY one of the people who can effect a change in our gun-happy culture.
Align your actions with your thoughts and prayers.
people on the terrorist watch list should NEVER be allowed access to ANY KIND of fire arm. This is not ok.
Actions speak louder than words. Why don't you actually DO something about gun laws!
or support gun control bills currently proposed and don't support anti-LGBT bills that perpetuate homophobia
actually the full force of US has been hamstrung by Obama political correctness. fire Jeh Johnson.
Your voting to block background checks for gun purchases contributed to this tragedy.
@BrendaWoodWXIA SHAME on you Brenda! He believes in Leviticus! HAVE YOU READ LEVITICUS?! shame on you
It's time to take some action, Senator. Don't expect my vote in November
I'd suggest you spend less time praying and more time governing, Senator. I'm told you're a good man. Do good.
if you want a strong defense you should vote to ban assault weapons & strengthen gun regs.
you voted against legislation that could have prevented the #Orlando shooter from getting a gun. This is on you. #LoveIsLove
@BrendaWoodWXIA Sen Isakson what do your prayers mean when your votes support homophobia & guns? Use your power accordingly
If that is true, then all those who support the NRA and resist background checks are complicit in this murderous rampage
How about you stop blocking the bills that could actually do something to fight these tragedies? Your words are meaningless
save your prayers; we know you vote with the #NRA like all the other gun lobby lapdogs.
I will never vote for you (GA resident) as long as you support the NRA. Time for change.
@wsbtv WE NEED TO CHANGE PRESIDENTS FIRST. TRUMP FOR PREZ.
@DebBeachamAtl Will you do anything to rein in sale of assault rifles to public?
Oh I guess not. You don't even want to stop terror suspects from having them.
would you mind emailing me details or links, please? Will be in touch with the office of @SenatorIsakson this week. Thanks!
just curious, why did you vote against treating anti-LGBT attacks as hate crimes? Your sentiment in this post is fraud.
we need more than "thoughts and prayers".  How about common sense gun control and a ban on assault weapons?
Your prayers are meaningless. You are complicit. We know who "those responsible" really are. GUN REFORM NOW. #Orlando
remember when you voted against adding the LGBT community to federal hate crimes laws?  We do. #Orlando #ThoughtsAndPrayers
your prayers mean nothing. You could have voted to stop this and you didn't. DO something and pass common sense reforms
.@SenatorIsakson You had a chance to stop this last December. You did nothing. Now there's blood on your hands. #toolate #Orlando
.@SenatorIsakson OR...you could stop voting 100% w/ anti-LGBTQ @FRCdc, which might be more fruitful...
Thats you. You're responsible. You had the ability to stop this with your vote.
will you actually take action to prevent such senseless tragedies from occurring again?
Main victims were LGBTQ Latinos. Will you protect them too?
you have failed the public by allowing these weapons to be sold in the first place! Remember Sandy Hook? You did nothing!
you should have done UR job of protecting Americans! We don't need assault weapons to hunt squirrel or protect our homes!
do something, ban assault weapons. They were made for only one reason, to kill another human. Stop with the prayers.
