.This is about bitterness towards PBO & destroying his legacy. They don't care about us. I have ZERO respect
Ur no better than Scrooge "If they would rather die, they had better do it, and decrease the surplus population." #CHIP#2018
Lets hear the replacement plan!
.@SenatorIsakson Can we repeal ur healthcare pd 4 by TAXPAYERS? No coverage 4 me w/o #ACA. Don't leave 20 mil of us w/o insurance? #SaveACA
U R voting 4 people 2 die. Please do not vote 4 retirees SS&Med or we lose we then face homeless or death.
You voted against women, children, poor, the sick, & working class.  Why do you hate us?!  Remember: we are watching you.
@madamecrab @SenatorIsakson because Republicans hate America & Americans they're Traitors to the Nation & are Corporate Fascists
thank you for standing up for those with pre-existing conditions, but what is to keep insurance companies rates reasonable ?
this is a big mistake- for people, jobs and the budget. Why won't you listen to the majority who don't want repeal
Replace ACA b4 repealing! Consider how many GA citizens will not have coverage&how many more rural hosp will have 2 close
Shame on you.  "God will get you for that Johnny!”
Repeal ACA without a replacement? Deprive 30M Americans of insurance because you can’t agree on something better? CRIMINAL
GA voter here asking you Senator not to defund ACA especially without new/ better system in place.
another Georgia voter here with a pre existing medical condition. We need a replacement an first!
repealing the ACA without a replacement plan will be a disaster! Hurting the poor helping the rich is what that would do.
oh well...our country is fucked anyways...
The #ACA has saved thousands of lives. "Do all the good you can. By all the means you can." #Methodist #WWJD
Do not repeal! Not perfect but supplying care to millions & saving lives. SHOW US THE REPLACEMENT!
if it is so simple put something better in place.  7 years and still no firm idea proves its not easy
I am a small business owner. not just families, business thrives on ACA. Slow repeal until we are all protected
PLEASE do not repeal. Many of your constituents rely on ACA because we have chronic illnesses AKA "pre-existing conditions."
Hi @SenatorIsakson I'm from GA and the #ACA is important to me. I have a pre-existing condition. I'm counting on you to help me stay insured
What are you going to replace it with? Why didn't you work as hard to make it better as you did to repeal it?
my family along with a million other Georgians will no longer have healthcare. This is shameful.
I'm a GA voter w/pre-existing condition & ACA is my lifeline. You are voting to literally kill me. #SaveACA or be voted out.
@elyse4design @SenatorIsakson Call his office and tell them 770-661-0999.  Twitter won't work.
what is the plan to help Georgians stay insured?
This Georgia voter is disappointed in your vote on the ACA.  Stop playing politics with our tax $s and our health!
WHY DO YOU WANT TO KILL MY GRANDDAUGHTER? Please explain that one!
don't be proud of this dude. It's devastating and you are braggadocious--and silent about DJTs comments about @repjohnlewis.
We know why you voted to repeal the ACA, b/c you are a selfish, evil, Antichrist asshole.
we deserve better than a senator who wants to devastate families across the country. We remember and we vote. #ACAWorks
only if GOP has a comparable replacement with NO lag time between plans. I have friends who will die if no ACS.
#ACA has kept me alive with metastatic cancer by outlawing insurance payoff caps. Your vote will leave my son motherless.
- Be well @madamecrab @SenatorIsakson
you obviously don't understand how bad this has effected your constituents because you aren't directly effected by this act
Do you plan on paying for my amputation and bypass surgery?
I didn't think so...I'd be dead if I hadn't had ACA.
36,000+ people are expected to die each year if it is repealed. Repealing is not a viable solution. You disappoint us.
Why do you want to kill hardworking Americans, and take away their jobs? What is the matter with you? Are you broken?
Shame on you, stranding tens of millions of Americans without healthcare. PEOPLE WILL DIE and we will hold you accountable!
.@SenatorIsakson It's breathtakingly arrogant & cruel to strip hardworking Americans of their health insurance.  WHY??? #SaveACA
You are making a mistake by gutting ACA w/o even attempting to fix or replace. #gavoter
I am extremely sad that you want to repeal ACA. It helps so many. I'm a resident of Ga and ask you to protect it.
Where's the replacement plan? You had 7 years to get a plan. Instead you vote to hurt really assault the most vulnerable.
Taking away insurance from hundreds of thousands of your constituents is a disgrace. Listen to us & care about us.
You've betrayed Georgians w/ preexisting conditions (like me), 20-somethings on their parents' insurance & contract workers.
I will be calling your office to voice my discontent. Do you have a replacement?
It is deeply irresponsible to repeal ACA without a replacement plan.  Millions of lives are at stake.  Do the right thing.
Your ACA repeal will hurt millions of Americans, including my brother. Is this your legacy?
Absolutely disgraceful that you voted to repeal without a plan in place.
My toddler depends on Obamacare. With this vote, you directly harm my family's well-being! Strengthen ACA, don't repeal!
the repeal is moving forward. What will you tell 359k Georgians who lose their ACA coverage because there is no replacement?
So it's okay for my taxes to pay for YOUR healthcare. Is that correct? For life, right? Because that seems fair.
How dare u vote against covering ppl w/pre-existing conditions! What is WRONG with u??? #SaveTheACA #NoRepealWithoutReplace
Repeal of ACA is simply unconscionable.
it's like you you don't care about making the country better, just getting your way now that Prez Obama is leaving
You have not come up with a plan to replace it. Throwing millions off of their health insurance is cruel and wrong. #GAvoter
The ACA gave a lot of people insurance and should be fixed not repealed. Republicans will own this.
with your own pre-existing condition, I hope you intend to go on whatever new program - if there ever is one - Repubs create
I think you forgot to mention that you actually don't care about the health of the people you represent
Obamacare has DECREASED the rate at which healthcare costs were rising, repealing it is unsustainable
it's not about repeal it's about what plan do you have to replace. Six years later and nothing from you and others
so you'll repeal and then replace it to tweak some changes, right?
#SaveACA, Senator Isakson. Save people's lives.
Why do U really hate ACA and want repeal? Tax on wealthy? On you? Taking coverage from 30 mil and giving 0 to replace so far
hawdworking families DO deserve better. By voting repeal #ACA, you just voted to make your "examples" uninsurable. #SaveACA
no preexisting? No coverage for black lung, diabetes, heart disease, depression, cancer, anxiety...Jesus weeps. #SaveACA
Reason 1: Party. Reason 2: Party. Reason 3: Party. When will u give a damn about real people with real probs? #SaveACA #ACA
What are your plans to replace? Don't do one without the other.
So you want up to 1 million Georgians to be without insurance and you want to put 70,000 people out of work. #SaveACA
you & you're party are going to loose hard in 2018 & 2020 because of this, taking away healthcare from 500k Georgians
moderate oversight of industry to keepflexible market (#ACA) functioning is a failure #GAVoter, former #preexistingcondition
@sendavidperdue  Do not vote to repeal #Obamacare.  I vote and I am watching you!
The fact that you (legislature) continue to allow the healthcare industry control our citizens healthcare instead of using
So you continued efforts to strip healthcare (morally wrong) from many Georgians without a feasible replacement? #GAVoter
Good morning! LOTS of us Georgians NEED ACA just to have covg! PLEASE leave ACA in place til we can all have single-payer!
The problem with health care isn't the ACA it's the profit mongering from the health care industry. #saveaca #obamacare
because you care for the millions of people it helped!
Respectfully disagree. Leaving many without health insurance is a disaster. Especially w/ no solution. A disappointed Ga constituent
, don't listen to the DNC trolls, we want Obamacare gone
glad you want to replace, but wouldn't it be easier to fix what we have? Don't pull the rug out from us. People will die.
This GA voter opposes my tax dollars paying YOUR PREMIUM HEALTH INSURANCE in full, yet none of mine. Show us the REPLACE.
my son has Crohn's disease. Broken-hearted @ you all. GA voters will vote you out.
and you plan to replace it with......
It's a sad day when those meant to help the people they represent vote to hurt them. How many funerals will you attend?
you make some good points but #SinglePayer is the only feasible option. Improve, don't #repeal ACA!
so you'd rather these people with pre existing conditions die? Awful. I'll call your office later today
Why do you want to remove the care for 30mil Americans? #ACA
What a way to kick-off your final term
You voted against covering people with pre-existing conditions. You of all people. Imagine if you were now denied of medical care.
People in my family on the ACA voted for you. I warned them. Now I'm laughing my butt off at their distress.
When LBJ signed Medicare research showed that 250,000 lives a year would be saved.Republicans are prepared to MURDER 500,000
people per year, but killing poor/young and elderly is a final solution every Republican can Enjoy. Let GOP Genocide begin
