So you’re ok with war, killing innocents, and @potus acting unconstitutionally w/o Congress vote? I see. #ashamedofmysenator
I support Trump. Only hope he got good Intel.  Could be a set up.
Did you also support pre-warning provided to Russia?
Then you should vote to authorize use of force
Why didn't you support President Obama in 2013? He asked and YOU did nothing. These children should haunt you for the rest of your life.
what he did was illegal; he didn't get congressional approval. He thought the same in 2013. #SyriaStrikes
he supports Russia... Russia supports Assad. They were warned, not punished. He gave them a heads up!
Was it the right response or a Trump tantrum?
so what's next? What's the plan after the "severe" punishment?
Remind me. How did you vote when Obama made the request?
how can you be pro-life & pro-war?
please tell me, how were they punished?
Thank you for your support! Make America Great Again!
he said after not supporting Obama in 2013. Party prejudice at its finest.
I guess Assad found out President Trump is a Man of Action. I Thank Our Creator Everyday for President Trump!
You will be voted out
Mark my words: Overthrowing Assad is a gift to ISIS.
Failure to seek congressional approval, unconstitutional.
with no approval from Congress?
Hypocrite. Said no to Obama but I guess you like your POTUS' white
You're full of crap
Oh really? Where was that belief when President Obama followed the law and  went to Congress to ask to do the same thing?
You need to get your priorities in order. This wasn't okay for 44, but perfectly fine for 45! You and him suck at decision making
If you want to help Syrians, get serious about humanitarian aid and bringing in refugees.
Sir, his reasons are low poll #s and cover for Russiagate.  He told the Russians 1st who tipped off Syria.  We killed civilians for his ego.
Wish you would speak up for the Syrian people fleeing the country we just bombed. Their suffering continues today. What's changed for them?
did you support Pres. Obama when he asked congress to approve action in 2013? Nope. Did you stand up for refugees? No
Congrats. You've found a new and highly unusual definition for "decisive."
WHILE BOMBING MORE CIVIALIANS IN THE PROCESS. AND NOT TAKE ANY REFUGEESS!?!?! #BananaRepublic
#Hypocrite #NoMoreWars #ImpeachDonaldTrump #DoYourJob
You and @POTUS @realDonaldTrump are Buffoons with little consideration to those without deep pockets. An embarrassment to USA #sad #resist
Where's your support for the families of our brave service men and women, who have to worry @ childcare, #Healthcare, + living wages?
You mean to distract us from Russiagate?byw it's illegal ! No authorization from congress!
why no support in 2013? your a hypocrit and a liar. your job will be coming to an end. #redtobluein18
But not Obama! right...
@POTUS is an ignorant con man with no moral compass. Supporting his actions endangers us all. Georgia deserves better representation.
"I toe the party line. Constitution, constituents and moral compass be damned."
Buh bye to our Republic and to any credibility our elected reps had. You are all shills to party and $$.
I'm glad you enjoyed it because you just gave the go ahead for Trump do do whatever he wants.
This was in the AJC: Air Force One headed to Palm Beach...The missile strikes began a few hours later as Trump dined with Xi at Mar-a-Lago.
Is this not an act of war? Thought that had to be approved by congress
Last time that was done was in WWII. That article has been overlooked for some time.
That's no excuse to keep on ignoring it though
Agreed! War is our new normal so people don't think twice about bombing a country.
I support POTUS for his swift and decisive action against ............. Fill in the blank, because. KINGS
We have been at war in the Middle East for 16 years, maybe you forgot. 22 vets commit suicide EVERY DAY! What have the wars achieved?
I think Trump acted too swiftly. Obama asked congress to vote in 2013. Trump should have gotten approval from congress.
Stop spewing the party propaganda and think for yourself for once.
ISIS and al Qaeda said the same thing....
So you support the possibility of a nuclear world war by bombing Russian soldiers at a Syrian gov facility w/o a declaration of war?
This is not good! Trump ran on a message of staying out of the world's conflicts, and we're going head first into it! Stop towing party line
Okay, but if we're getting into this, what's the plan after Assad's gone? Power-vacuums are incredibly volatile.
Loser that you are. You and @POTUS America isn't forgetting  #GarlandNotGorsuch and we aren't forgetting #TrumpRussia. Georgia #2018
That's so much BS
Did you feel the same in 2013???



Ha! Good one since he ran like the coward he is from anything to do with serving anything but his own pussy grabbing self 
Thank you.

Russians where told beforehand hmmm??
 Now what's going to happen next? Was this approved by the Congress?
I haven't had an erection since 1996.
