Thank you, Senator @SenatorIsakson
This is a good statement. Thank you again @SenatorIsakson!
I'm proud to cosponsor the bipartisan Alexander-Murray agreement to stabilize health insurance. 
Thank you for cosponsoring!
Total repeal! Quit bailing out insurance companies!
And why not better healthcare guaranteed for everyone like Medicare for all while you are at it?
You agree to double your taxes to pay for it assuming you pay any reasonable taxes currently?
@afternoonsand Rather than lashing fellow tax paying citizens why not support healthcare for all-all contribute & all benefit #medicareworks
First all will not contribute and the gimme class will just get more or nothing. Severe shortage of workers in TX & FL but unemp won't move.
Facts please? All do contribute to Medicare. Are you against caring for SRs?  Medicare is a proven single payer system that works for all.
SRs paid into Medicare while they worked and drew wages and the same with SS. Detest able bodied not taking work & receiving welfare.
Not sure your leap here...we are supporting HEALTHCARE for all like Medicare.
Thank God. Compromise. Could it be a bit of normalcy is breaking out?
It doesn't stabilize a failing Govt. program it extends the tremendous costs for the ppl.by increasing Ins. Power to rape us of our $$!
Senator, I believe if Congress appropriates funds for insurance companies, you are in essence saying the ACA is here to stay.
Is that true?
Why do you object to the ACA?
Because it’s not affordable. People get help with paying premiums, but copays are so high ($9-$12 k) that they can’t afford to use it.
I don't see how repeal ACA will address rising premiums,that is if all plans are same quality and standard.ive heard no solution. Thanks
Agreed. But plans don’t need to be equal. Young people have different needs than older ones. Make them adjustable to what the buyer wants.
Make us proud and help us!  Not too keen on GA politicians. Unfortunate that I live here. Counting on you to do best for our healthcare pls!
Please move it you are so unhappy.
Hate cuz too many ppl like u live here
Too many people like you are ruining Atlanta.
Omaw get off my Twitter red neck!
Don't you mean hurt by TRUMPcare Mr. Isakson?!?!
Thank you Senator! So great to see you're finally listening to constituents.  Now please stop voting to repeal ACA.
HC doesn't change unless Qualified Dr. Leave practice or refuse to accept ACA plans. Creates More abuse of patients! Shameful for ?leaders??
Pleasantly surprised. Thank you.
NBC  TV network goes overboard to dehumanize Trump .   I think their license to operate needs review.
I guess you are subsidized by insurance companies so you participate in quid pro quo
Thank you for helping Georgia families and supporting this bipartisan bill.
Look at all these liberals praising you---not one of them donated to or voted for you. You just crapped on your supporters.
You end up just like McCain,  wishy-washy on every issue.  Whatever you think will keep you in office.   Swamp creature!  #TermLimits
7 years too late
Thanks.  keep me from losing insurance, hopefully.  Now, push for single payer and I'll campaign for you personally
Thank you @SenatorIsakson! This is true leadership.
You misunderstand illegal redistribution of tax $ for http://Ins.Co .& not taxpayers?Your duty to pick winners leaving ppl. losers?
I'm proud of you. Thank you.
You helped to destabilize the market and now you're bragging you helped to cosponsor a bill. really?  

People wake-up
Whew! I keep telling people you are a good man!
Thank you
You should have been working in McCain! Really disappointed in you this term!
Thank you! The people of GA want to have access to REAl health insurance. Very much appreciated!
Destabilize health care and then pretend to restabilize it. It's genius!
Thank you! Bipartisan legislation is definitely the way to rebuild trust.
Thank you so much. I have called your office many times about this issue. The biggest stress in my life right now is healthcare.
Thank you.
Obamacare needs to be repealed not resuscitated by Washington politicians and scheming bureaucrats. Sad!
Thank you!
Thank you. @sendavidperdue should support  bipartisan work as well.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Isakson!
As far as "help Georgians who have been hurt by ACA" what about Georgians who have been helped. You never mention them. Who represents them?
This seems a move in a productive direction however I'm suspicious of what trump and GOP will do to further sabotage the ACA.
I am relieved to see you take a stand for the people.
Are you retiring soon? Sounds like it.
Thank you
Thanks
Thank you.
Way to Go!!! True Statesmanship in our system at last!!!!  Thank you!
Thank you @SenatorIsakson
Thank you Senator, although it would have been better without the snark. Not 1 Georgian has been hurt by Obamacre.
Thx 4 bi-partisanship.
You have lost my vote.
Finally you did something I’m not ashamed of.
Thank you, @SenatorIsakson!
Does this protect federal workers pay? Vote no on the Paul Amendments, 60 % of federal workers are veterans themselves!
Thank you, Senator Isakson.
I can’t believe I’m saying this, but thanks.
Thank you !
Thank you!
As a GA voter who gives you a hard time, I would like to take this opportunity to say a sincere thank you for this meaningful gesture. 
Thank you, Senator! Thank you for listening, and thank you for acting in Georgians' best interests.
@SenatorIsakson this is GREAT news!  Thank you for stepping up and supporting this bipartisan piece of legislation
Very disappointed as a GA resident. You are part of the problem and not solution in Washington.
Thank you, Mr. Senator!
Thank you.
Thank you. 
The GOP owns the ACA now that Trump increased premiums 20-30% with his EO.
Can’t blame Obama for that “hurt.” 
That’s Trumpcare.
Thanks!  Good job!
yeah my only issue is that you be an adult and refer to it as ACA. stop the petty partisan stuff. u r better than that sir.
Good to see you stand with the people over party
No offense Senator, but my premium just went to $1000 a month.
Nothing short of repeal will help families 
#REPEAL
How can repeal lower your premium?
Senator, I went to your Town Hall at KSU, and got kind of angry at you—so I have to thank you for doing this. It’s the right thing. 
Thank you Senator. This is the start of ACA support & help we Georgians need. I ask @sendavidperdue to join & push for support in the House.
Good job working for HC for ALL by saving the ACA.  Thank you, @SenatorIsakson.
Thank You! We the people want BiPartisan Bills that last so we are not fighting the same issues over and over!
Tell it to the Democrats. Obamacare was passed by 100% Dems because they did not want to reach across the aisle.
Thank you for being reasonable and helping citizens by stabilizing ins markets b
@sendavidperdue Show solidarity with our Senior Senator, Mr. Perdue. Stabilizing our insurance should be your top priority right now.
Yes @Sendavidperdue repeal and replace Obamacare.
That’s good to know! However, serious efforts towards the President and his attacks and divisive efforts are required.
Thank you @SenatorIsakson .  @RepDougCollins I hope you will follow in the senator's footsteps when this bill comes to the house.
Thank you from a GA voter.  You listened to us!
Helping to stabilize the ACA will go a long way, IF you don't let tax reform GUT Medicare/Medicaid.
Thank you for putting Georgians before party. Please keep it up and work across the aisle to fix the ACA.
Thank you for doing the right thing. We need to fix what is broken, not throw it all away at the expense of many lives.
Finally! Thank you.
I am stunned to see a Ga Senator doing the right thing for the state of GA. But also thankful!
thank you
So you think this one half ass correction will save you from your non responsiveness!  No!   we want TRUMP out!
Bipartisanship can work. Thank you, Senator Isakson!
First!  It's the ACA! Not Obama Care that's a racist identifier.  If you Republicans had not help to  Sabotage we would not be in this mess.
It is Obamacare and it was a 100% Democrat program pushed through by lies from Obama.
Thank you
Though I disagree with you on much, not this time. Thank you @SenatorIsakson for putting Georgians first.
Thank you Senator
Thank you Senator, from this GA voter.
Thank you @SenatorIsakson
thank you
Thank you Sen. Isakson.
Yes!!! Way to go senator!
Thank you for this. It's an important step.
Thank you Senator!!!
