So fight defunding the state dept and foreign aid.
When will you meet with your constituents in person in Atlanta?  Time to hear what we think! No more duck and cover!
I don't understand you
what about racism??
You mean like listening to our intelligence agencies?
let's not forgot the white men who terrorize with mass shooting. We need more background checks.
what about domestic terrorism? Aka @realDonaldTrump
what will you do to protect us from @POTUS ??? #russian #UnFitToLead
Does that mean you support rooting out Christian Terrorists and Right Wing terrorists, home grown in US?
How about a town hall meeting?
YES , We must stop republicans like yourself from terrorizing our country.
the only terrorists I see are Trump and the GOP Congress that is enabling him.
so you will suggest investigating Trump and his inevitable impeachment? Would really get rid of the biggest terrorist.
what about domestic terrorism? #HonorTheTreaties #NoBakken #STOPDAPL #SacredWater #NoDAPL #StandWithStandingRock
No, sir. We must use every constitutional and moral tool to defeat terrorism. Domestic terrorism the real threat
hold a town hall mtg! Ur refusal to hear ur constituents is a crime. U work for us!
There's no bigger tool than you.
I agree! I so look forward to your condemnation of the removal of white supremacists from CVE. Perhaps at your #TownHall ?
Deeply concerned by some of your tools.
We need a fight against lightning, too, considering it's statistically a larger threat than terrorism.  Get on it, Johnny!
Most terrorism in the United States is done by White male Christians. So what are you doing about them? #whitemen @terrorism
How about immigrants rights? Womens rights? Environmental rights? LGQBT rights? People of color rights? Concerned Georgian.
you must use every tool you have to represent all constituents. #DoYourJob
we do have a tool, it's called the Constitution - created to bring out the best in people! Use it!
I hope investigations on Russia and 45 will be in scope
How about NOT using Every tool, just using the right tools?
are you supporting a Muslim Ban? an immigration ban? We are a nation built on immigration, Fear is not the answer.
we must use every tool possible in our fight to take back our country from the traitorous GOP. U dont care about us .
Start with investigating 45's Russian connections.
I agree. But, not the way the Republican Party and our President is trying to do it. Every appointment has been a joke
U mean @realDonaldTrump? He's the terror right now. Smh
.@SenatorIsakson America's biggest threat comes from Washington, D.C. Smog, polluted water, lack of health care will kill more than 9/11.
All tools possible within the freedoms granted by the constitution. The people will hold you accountable if you go over them
but I'm afraid you failed us with your vote for S.Pruitt. The #1 threat is not terrorism but our rapid climate change
because 74% of the 372 terror related deaths in the US since 2007 were at the hands of white extremists.
glad to see you working across the aisle on this.
does that include home grown terrorists?
Does that include investigating connections between 45 & Putin? Killing journalists & citizens=terrorism 2
how about domestic terrorism. White nationals and religious extremists from NC &SC are serious threats that need addressing.
More people are going to die from loosing health insurance and drinking polluted water than terrorist.
Town Hall NOW!!!!
What about domestic terrorism? You know, where most Americans are killed.
I'm using every tool possible to get you to have a #TownHall. Not successful yet!
what about domestic terrorists? What are you doing to protect us against the militarization of racist white men?
You are certainly a useful tool
including preventing muslims from entering the US?
@realDonaldTrump has been funding terrorist orgs for years. (You can't prove it's not true if you haven't seen #TrumpTaxes.)
I can agree with the statement, if done the right way. Not half a--.
Let's use some of the tools to root out traitors in the Oval Office. #Russiagate
like voting you out of office and getting someone who actually cares about Americans and not just about party lines?
I am much more afraid of crazy white fanatics with weapons!
are you looking into Russia as potential terrorists?
that is ironic given that you are ignoring the biggest threats to our safety in the WH. Party over Country.
"Biggest threat to our safety is the whacko left wing Lib, not the guy in the White House
U don't  mean that. That's tool you guys use tospend money. Weknow we hav the best military in the world.U didn't help Obama
Then cut off funding for @realDonaldTrump bc he's terrorizing us and most of the world right now! #sleazypolitician
getting rid of 45 is the best tool in our tool box to fight terror
look in the mirror b/c the US govt. Is terrorizing millions.
Let's light the constitution on fire and burn the terrorists with it!!
.@SenatorIsakson Like building bridges to Muslim communities that bear the brunt of radical Islamist terrorism?
