The #VA needs more people, but @realDonaldTrump  has a freeze on hiring. What will you do?
VA hospitals all over the US have terrible wait times. Months. Hiring more doctors can help.
@realDonaldTrump has frozen hiring of what could be a big relief.
are you committed enough to helping vets if that means going against @realDonaldTrump?
no on DeVos !
You need to read your tweeter feed. You are a disappointment to GA. You will be voted out.
Did Dr. Shulkin buy you also. How can you live with your conscience?  Hypocrite sir, yes you are.@SenatorIsakson @VAChair @DeptVetAffairs
Even if he sucked you would still vote for him. After all, your motto is Party Before Country.
voting you out!!!! #VoteNoDevos shame on you!
@sendavidperdue Sad. Everyone talking abt flipping the 6th district now bc of DeVos vote. Bad decision.
@sendavidperdue A shame. Georgians will not forget. #resist
I hope you show more respect for our vets than you did our children.
as is obvious from twitter, emails, letters, & full voicemail, We the people of Ga are deeply dissapointed in you. #noDevos

Enjoy the rest of your time in office! You voted yes on Devos, so we will be voting no on you! It will not be forgotten :)
Looking forward to donating to and voting for your opponent.
Gave constituents false hope our voice mattered. Chose wealthy GOP donor (DeVos)over constituents.
wish someone could help me with VA! 94 yr old father-in-law experiencing bureaucratic bs!
The S of the South will rise over #DeVoss & vouchers!....& we don't fear grizzlies here.
Your support of drumpf will get you voted out of office.
You disgust me with your disregard for actual American needs. You may not worry about reelection now but you will.  #noDevos
@sendavidperdue GA voters watched you vote yes for #devos & no for #education. Had unprecedented opposition. We won't forget
You better vote no to DeVos or I will do everything I can to see you out 2018.
Unfortunately, he will not be up for re-election for six years! Don't forget!
Since when do Senators come up for election every 6 years? Thought it was 2 years.
how did you vote on DeVos?  i noticed you haven't tweeted about that.  please explain how you think she is an advocate kids.
Ga. voters will remember DeVos vote when we vote you out of office #youdontrepresnentgavoters
I'm sorry to hear that you did not listen to your constituents regarding DeVos. Grow a spine sir
Shulkin may be good choice. But he can't deter YOUR president from more war. Be ashamed.
Way to read the public on DeVos....party before country, the new GOP way!
Thanks, Johnny, I once campaigned for you, damn it. May not get another vote against you, but will against all other GOP!
You are such a disappointment. #GAVoter
You need to resign. Today you showed the people of Georgia that you don't represent.
Silence about Devos?  Overwhelming opposition from your constituents (me included).  You have failed your state miserably.
nice to know you don't care about our education
As my mama used to say, "I'd be ashamed." How you can turn your back on the people of GA to be the yam's lapdog?
YOU voted against US today. Get you out of the Senate because you don't vote   FOR us!
District 11 voters won't forget today.
Ignoring your constituents' pleas will backfire. Wise up, listen to. We're mad and we won't stop calling.
We should be asking for a recall of Sen Isakson. He abandoned the people of GA! WE voted down DEAL.
You don't CARE because you know it's your last term anyway. Traitor. Should be ashamed of yourself.
Too late! You ABANDONED the kids of GA and screwed us. How dare you say you support us! Traitor.
I am disappointed. You are not the senator 4 the people. We will not forget.
what a joke of a vote today confirming Betsy DeVos. Do you even listen to your constituents?
so disappointed in you for ignoring your constituents and voting for Devos
cannot believe you voted for #DeVos when every teacher I know (which is a lot because I am one) DID NOT WANT HER
way to ignore your constituents on DeVos
Were you also looking forward to the confirmation vote for DeVos? Also why do you hate children?
You betrayed us on DeVos!!!!
You did the wrong thing in voting for DeVos. She is unqualified for the position.
*voted
You ignored your constituents and sent a message to Georgia's children that they do not matter. Embarrassing.
Can't believe you votes yes on DeVos. Shows how much you listen to your constituents!
and the DeVos confirmation? You voted against the children in GA.
and the Supreme Court appointee
My guess is you don't think school teachers in Georgia vote. You and Perdue are going to find out.
Shame on you for voting for DeVos. At least she bought @sendavidperdue. You sold out Georgia's kids for free.
Looking forward to having a new Senator who actually represents the people of GA!
you've let us down Senator.
bunch of GOP thieves we will remeber what you are doing to our kids.
You lost me at #DeVos
I'm embrassed your my senator.
Such a disappointment, Senator, I really believed you would do what's right and vote against DeVos. It's a sad day.
I am so disappointed in the vote.  You have metaphorically thrown our children under the bus.
You should be ashamed of your vote for DeVos. We in Georgia won't forget that you put party before our children.
you voted yes on devos. this is a horrible miscalculation and a disservice to your constituents.
you should reconsider your vote for DeVos. The people of Georgia will revoke u come Election Day.
Let's make sure that neither Isakson nor David Perdue are re-elected as both voted Party!
how about looking forward to voting against DeVos and Sessions? Neither good for your constituents
We hope he challenges you and Committee members to do YOUR job! Your oversight has been pitiful.
#VoteNoDevos from the 10th. You are well aware that the woman is wholly unqualified. Vote NO!
Do the right thing and vote NO to DeVos. Georgians want better for their children #DumpDevos #resist
no to Betsy DeVos...
We are watching...
Please vote NO on DeVos!
@ajc Schedule. A. Town. Hall.
#district11 #GaVoter #VoteNoDevos OR #headsWillRoll #Midterms
Interesting, you're not commenting on a high profile vote for a cabinet post taking place today. We are watching.. #noDevos
man up and face your constituents after your confirmation of DeVos
It's going to take a HELLUVA lot more than one person to clean up that damn catastrophe. Times up.
what say you on DeVos?  Should be No.
Is this before or after you gut the Dept of Education? #resist
#VoteNoDevos from #district11
Vote NO on DeVos tho
