Start with atlanta fed employees who have violated my 1st amendment rights
expand Medicaid to hurting middle and lower class working adults in GA! #aca #federalfunding #workingamerican #unisured
then stop spending on things that don't help us HERE and spend on what does. We need education!
I know of at least 10 ppl that could be fired
The SSA has destroyed me
We the people need legislators with common sense. U showed none. Look for another job. Voting against you
How about tell Trump to stay in the White House insted of costing $3M each time he goes to Mar-A-Lago
As long as we cut it from the military - - - we already spend more on the military than the next 7 largest armies combined!
Cut military spending 1st.
If you can keep THAT waste &vote w/clear conscience to defund health care to low income women, you do NOT represent educated GA. #Shame
how about letting Medicare negotiate drug prices!
Yes, we do, cut ALL gov't spending, it's out of hand. Work on a budget like WE the people have to!
we need an #IndependentInvestigation on #Trumprussia
&independent investigation on Hillary conduct. Since her emails&those working 4 her proved that she cant B potus
how can you claim to be a patriot and support this treasonous admin with your deflections on HRC?
bc trump hasn't committed treason yet.The BS from the media&the left is just that BS.Reps. eat R own.Trump not political
what you mean to say is public hasn't seen proof yet but there is only an open FBI investigation into Trump.
the info about clinton wasn't made up. Her actions are criminal and needs to be prosecuted. To include obama wiretapping
tell me where you've seen this evidence? Why is only one of those two under FBI investigation? Stop listening to the progaganda.
you might have missed it with the distraction technics from the media. Nunes brought up some stuff.
We need common sense to stop WASTE. Annual 41.6MM for #Viagra 850MM tax creds for US companies abroad 300MM so Melania can live in NY
We also need a Senate that works- the current one does not
Great! Let's start with our bloated Defense budget...
you need to let someone else take your spot if you're not going to vote, back surgery or not ! You're causing all of America
Stop Trump from spending on Trump Tower.  Spend on and independent investigation of this man and connection to Russia.
Are you going to resign, give up your gov benefits? That might help. Congress will spend a dollar to save a dime?
to suffer because you're laid up on your ass and not working ..
We need common sense in getting a health Care law that is logical. Is the Freedom frat a new party in the party?
-Gov't continues to take unnecessary risk in healthcare IT;  reduce waste; max $ invested; pass risk to industry not Govt
common sense is don't spend more than you take in, we have to do it,my budget is TIGHT, STOP THE WASTE!
@dodt2003  we need more common sense in congress
@DebFreedomVoice well write up a bill.
Here is your chance. I'm working with your ATL office. I have asked numerous times to let my voice be heard taxpayers be MAD
Government should extend their luxurious healthcare plan to ALL Americans.Non citizens are treated better than US born citiz
@sendavidperdue come out & hold town hall meeting - look us in the eyes.  We will discuss a wide range of toics #DoYourJob
Johnny, are you looking into Gorsuch's relationship with Philip Anschutz, his long-time billionaire client? I hope so.
federal overreach-another term used to de-construct America.
Jared Kushner Gets A Civic Lesson After Calling U.S. Citizens Government’s ‘customers’ Who is actually in charge?
We want to know about the Gerasimov Doctrine. Where is the real truth? Will the real Americans please stand up?
start by cutting funds for the wall, slashing protection of the Trump family and reducing military spending.
The problem seems pervasive.
I'm concerned about how many other members of congress are tied up with Russian interests.
Nunes needs to recuse from House Intel Committee.
which shouldn't involve cutting 21st Century. It boosts local economies, provides jobs, saves parent's money, and more.
whose idea is this? De-construction of our basic institutions to protect the public interest. Sounds un-American to me.
And helping the poor, working families, the middle class or elderly...aka FOLKS, not the 1% who already hold the brass ring.
I think the redistribution of wealth idea of GOP originated in Russia to weaken American society. Pit us agnst oth
I think it originated with the countless privileged Republican donors. Perhaps Russia re-enforced that.
we all need to know about the Gerasimov Doctrine. Worked very well in Crimea.
what we need is for Nunes to recuse himself and have an impartial investigation into Russiagate.
can we ask @POTUS to take less vacations at MY expense?! This could save lots of programs I value. Come to a town hall pls!
what's wrong with having a big debt?  a country is not a household, it's just commonsense
GOP created the debt for the Feds.
as well as term limits!
can you tell me why @FLOTUS deserves to stay in NY on the taxpayers dime, but as a country we don't deserve art programs?
how about starting with the @POTUS golfing trips? That sounds like the first step.
We need you to use YOUR commonsense: INVESTIGATE #45
Maybe try that concept on better healthcare for everyone
Agreed, starting with Trump family demanding Don, Eric have SS on all business trips, and FLOTUS living in Manhattan.
too bad that's not possible to get from you.
You need to put aside your differences and take full advantage of having the majority with a republican president
"common sense" good luck on that one. D,C. is broken!!
common sense isn't letting the mentally ill have guns, coal ash in streams, taking parents from US kids,repealing ACA.
You mean like the house bill 610? If that gets to the senate, you'd better vote "NO". There's more to it than voucher
program; it defunds the valuable funds for special needs kids! Horrible and unfair to those kids!
Cut the budget for security for the president's family! We can b fiscally conservative w/o taking food from school kids @SenatorIsakson
There is NO commonsense from Trump administration. they line their pockets, have you gotten your kickback from them?
We should also commence looking in to the ties of the current administration to Russia. And canceling 45's weekly vacay.
Are you offering to take a pay cut?
this congress couldnt use commonsense if all citizens donated it to them. Good luck. Cutting social progs gets u voted out!
how bit making it mandatory that taxpayers will only pay for 1 home for @POTUS ?
Start with the jerk in the White House. Treasonous Jerk, that is.
Stop sending troops, drones and bombs to 7 different armed conflicts. End these unnecessary wars and military actions.
ga needs expanded medicaid and 10 $ min wage stanard. listen to the peopel of ga!
no, we need bipartisan investigations into trumps collusion with russia.
Oh, and cut military spending.  Back our troops out of the middle east, stop killing other peoples children!
Put a limit on the personal security costs for Trump and his family.  Children starve and he's playing golf on our dime
To me, it would be common sense to put Trump on a weekly travel budget. And maybe cut your salary till you hold a townhall.
Good one and his health insurance too!
maybe we can just cut your paycheck and put that towards something @realDonaldTrump is cutting?
This is a stunt. Congress & the President to pay the money requiring a debt ceiling limit. Stop the spending up front!
agree but you all keep cutting the wrong things!
federal overreach-another term used to de-construct America.
We need an independent investigation. nothing can be done until this matter is behind us to everyone's satisfaction.
We've blown 32 MILLION already on Trump vacations. Paying $180 MILLION for Melania, then their ADULT CHILDREN'S Aspen trip!
HE'S EVEN MAKING MONEY OFF THIS. How about the @GOP grow a pair & tell him to STOP. WASTING. OUR. MONEY. We demand a refund!
A great place to cut spending would to be not paying for Melania Trump to maintain a separate residence from her husband.
common sense or "alternative facts"?  How about we use reason
.@SenatorIsakson too bad no one in @GOP has any common sense
How about just telling the president to stop taking weekly vacations to Florida?
I want to tell my story on the hill could not make it up
The Russian Mafia is calling the shots in the White House. What are you going to do about it?
YES, we need an independent bipartisan investigation. There has been too much smoke, we need to find the fire!
How about starting with the funds we are using to keep FLOTUS in NY and all of the golf trips we are funding for @POTUS
Yeah but first we need our legislators 2 have common sense. By cutting everything but military it's clearly not you sir.
