I've been trying to call & can't get through. Stop ignoring constituents. If you stand for nothing, what will you fall for?
Please accept calls from your constituents. And please vote no on @jeffsessions and his efforts to restrict voting rights.
this is your top priority?!
Awesome! I hope if this passes the House you'll uphold this dedication to federal lands and vote NO. https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/621 …
thanks for the update. I love our parks and our great state,
Resist the Dictorship of #illigimatepresTrump, Vote No! To@senatorjeffsessions#resist!
It's a dodge while you help sell out the Public Lands managed by BLM & USFS #sellout #MAGAt
Where is your statement about Sally Yates? In 2015, you said she "will be a hero of what's right". What now?
.@SenatorIsakson I love #NPS, but also love the freedom & inclusion we espouse in the USA. Stand up to the #MuslimBan and show you do too
Crickets on Muslim Ban! You don't Represent GA! You Represent your Bank Account! #notmysentator
since u are proud of this as I am too, will u then answer to ur party voting to put coal debris in our water?
Do not confirm DeVos, Ga. teachers and parents want to strengthen public education and she is not qualified #GavotenoDeVos
Do you remember when you supported Sally Yates?
LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE YOU ARE ELECTED TO SERVE! No muslim ban. No DeVos.
great, but, we have a bit of a crisis going on in our country if you hadn't noticed. Take a STAND!
tried to call you today-- no answer. What about listening to your constituents back in Georgia?
Sir, the leader of the free world is attempting to deconstruct our federal gov. Speak up against it & for us, or step down.
Why did you not show up at Hartsfield? True Christians welcome all People! #iligimatePresTrump!
Sir. We have a psycho authoritarian treating the country like an episode of The Apprentice. Do SOMETHING!
just as bad as @sendavidperdue Crickets all weekend. Then these BS tweets. No comment on EOs. Grow a #spine
thankfully Perdue came out in favor of his order.
why would I be thankful for that?
supporting our President's attempts to keep America safe, as President Obama attempted to.
this doesn't keep our country safe. It makes us more UNSAFE. And it didn't include any countries that are actual problems.
Your opinion doesn't bother me a bit, but you are completely out of step with people of north Fulton county. We support Trump!
you and some of your friends might. But you don't represent everyone. And this isn't a partisan issue. It's a human one.
Not me "and some of my friends".  I'm talking about the state of Georgia, at large.  We are all tired of this.  Look at election
This is great! Now what about everything else... Sessions, DeVos and Yates to name a few...
Please reject Jeff Sessions for U.S. Attorney General
do you really think this is a suitable distraction from the EO? We are still waiting for your response.
it will be a nice park. But what about ur constituent u refused to meet with today they had more pressing issues than a park
But I thought Republicans hated the environment? Good job congress!
Another squirrel chasing #MAGAt
You tweet about parks and ignore the human and constitutional crisis. Really?

1. In 2015, one of Yates' introducers Republican @SenatorIsakson says: "Sally Yates is going to astonish the United States of America" YEAH 
Why can't ga. Voters reach you by phone? #whodoyourepresent? #gavoterwantsrepresentation #notoDeVos #checksandbalances
Hope you are also opposing the sale of national park land that Oversight Committee has proposed.
You're still ignoring our country's descent into authoritarianism. I can only conclude that you yourself aspire to such.
vote no on Sessions and DeVos, take a stand against Bannon's spot on the NSC, and come out against the EO. Make GA proud
Your voicemail box is still full, and I await your response on President Trump's recent executive orders. #NoMuslinBan
just read that you've criticized POTUS Immigration Order process. Thank you!!
Isakson will not respond to us, he will vote to confirm every one of Trump's cabinet picks. He represents special interests.
Vote NAY on all existing cabinet confirmations. The executive office is now a regime.
So it can be sold to the highest bidder? 
Since you're on Twitter, hear this. #GAVotersaysNOtoEODeVosSessionsWall #BiggerFishthanPark!
Please support Pres. Trump and ignore the noisy left. We are the majority and speak with one voice within the state of GA!
#DumpDevos senator our children's future cannot be in her hands!!
Please. For ALL of Georgia's children, deny confirmation to Betsy DeVos. Our future deserves better
.@SenatorIsakson you have business that is way more important. I'm a Georgian and I don't forget.
Thank You Sir for your Support of @POTUS #MAGA
I believe we need to hear from you on more pressing issues. Your silence speaks volumes. Speak up- and make GA proud.
Will you move to protect other national parks at the same time? What good is one in GA if the rest are destroyed by the GOP?
No comment about the #MuslimBan?
That is great but please also vote no on Davos for Secretary of Education
Please note no on Betsy Davos. She is unqualified
STAND UP to Trump !. Do the right thing
when are your phones going to start accepting messages? Mailbox is full every time I call. #NoBanNoWall #noDevos
You have time to tweet about this but not about refugees? Have you forgotten what your Christian faith calls you to?
That would be cool!
you going to condemn Trump's racist and illegal EO? Start taking my calls on it?
vote NO on #BetsyDeVos
you are tone deaf senator - your constituents are crying out for leadership
I called today to ask you to decline Tom Price's confirmation, but your voice mail was full.  So, I'll try again tomorrow.
My disappointment in you is only outmeasured by my disgust. Say something about the EO, please. #GAvoter
Your silence is speaking volumes and will be remembered come election season.
Are you ignoring a stance on the EO? Your constituents will be watching #gavoter
Now go listen to your messages we have left on your phones no one answers. Wake up, Senator.
what's your position on the travel ban?
While that is nice, have you looked out the window or turned on the news today? Seriously, Sir.
P.S we must get our PARKS out of the UN Hands. 42 POTUS Nationalized them .Thanks Johnny
your silence speaks volumes.
hope there's no oil or someone wanting to put a pipeline thru it. smh
also, hope you're voting NO on Sessions. It's a sign of integrity/I still believe you have some. He's morally unqualified.
how will you protect it from Trump once he wants to sell it off? You're better than this, or you could be.
Are you seriously going to get on social media & ignore the EO?
Hopefully it won't be sold to a private company soon afterward by the new administration
Your phones are not accepting calls, very disappointing. #NoBanNoWall #NoHate
If you give this to the Feds, @realDonaldTrump will auction it off to the highest bidder.
