you know what helps rural health care? The #AforrdableCareAct
, no it doesn't!!

, no to ACA,
you are very convincing. Higher coverage has led to higher profit margins for rural hospitals. Your logic?
, it's already in trouble, providers are leaving
R's with help of D's could have and can fix issues without scrapping major successes like 20 million covered.
can find conservative tweaks without scrapping whole plan. Ideas are out there. Bipartisanship is possible.
what would really help rural hospitals is ACA Medicaid expansion.
How, by repealing Obamacare? By not asking Georgia's governor to expand Medicaid? 6 rural hospitals have gone bankrupt.
@GaRepublicans Trumpcare will destroy rural hospitals. Out of business.
why are these hospital failures? are tax payers getting hooked for waste? is this the state's responsibility?
Do you have time for fundraisers? Not time for talking to constituents? We're mad---be afraid, be very afraid! You're fired!
the money used to protect his wife in New York could provide much needed dollars
Not to concerned about the patients just the $$$$$
Great! You'll be working to expand Medicaid then?
With claims denied or unpaid, providers can at least count on 40-45% payments per Medicare, but you rejected these funds.
With respect, Sir, you aren't. Medicare funds were never accepted and you're falling in line with repeal of ACA
you know what would hit the spot? The money your president wastes on vacations to pay his own resort every weekend
GA rural hospitals are staffed by immigrants.  What's up with your support of the Muslim ban?
I applaud your concern for local hospitals. Don't repeal the ACA as that would be devastating for them. #carenotchaos
.@SenatorIsakson To help rural hospitals, support ACA nationally and Medicaid expansion in Georgia.
so support a solid affordable health care act. Don't get rid of the one we have until you create a suitable replacement
I think that the ACA expansion is a wonderful path to help. You should look into that.
When will u stand up for Georgians & investigate Russian corruption of our election Senator? Investigate. DO YOUR JOB
Good evening! Can't wait for a public event;lots of your voters would love to see your shining face! When can we expect you?
Hear your constituents!  It is your duty as a senator to listen and respond to the people in your state! Do it! #DoYourJob
without insurance, how do you think the people would be able to afford any healthcare? What's the plan after #ACA ??
Oh, you care about rural areas and the poor? How about doing your job, then? Instead of dismantling ACA, make it better.
isakson sided with his party over Georgians when they left $34 Billion on table. Bad politics.  We need People first politics
Thank you. What stopped this bill from going through the last time? And how would an ACA repeal make the problem worse?
please ensure ACA remains intact. That will help achieve this goal.
how's that going to work if you kill the ACA, Johnnyboy? If those who need ins can't get it - guess what, no hosp visit.
how about the lifeline of universal health care?
If a GA politician of last 15 years asks for your vote, ask why they allowed child poverty to skyrocket 75% #draintheswamp
Then do what the hospitals & business want and expand @Medicaid in GA to #improvenotrepeal the ACA.
By cutting off the insurance of those who use those rural hospitals? Nice plan.
This crisis was avoidable if you'd supported ObamaCares. Your hospital gets paid for your care; rural hospitals don't.
Research how many patients with ACA have visited rural hospitals since 2015.
Any ban by Trump would harm rural hospitals as staff is largely immigrant. What will you do to fight for their rights?
great work! We'd love to discuss healthcare further with you at a town hall! Oh wait, you won't meet your constituents!
your constituency is pleading with you to have a #TownHall don't tweet this bs without explanation.
Help Georgians survive by preserving ACA. Let's have a town hall and discuss.
I vote too. Repeal completely and replace. 5k at my company lost our great insurance. O Care was a disaster.
Another thing that helps hospitals is when everyone has insurance #Obamacare
looks like you all are folding on. Repealing O Care. Don't do it. You need to be subject to the same laws you impose on us.
don't let these fake intruders at Town halls deter from Trump policies. We are quietly watching you all. Quietly watching.
Sounds promising. When's your next #TownHall?
He's in Georgia but refuses to have a town hall meeting. The gall of our elected officials to ignore their constituents
Then why didn't you support the medicaid expansion with the ACA in Georgia. It cost our state 1 billion dollars!
help us survive the RUSSIAN TYRANT. Meet with your constituents!
Johnny are you going to have a Townhall in Savannah?
The Aca actually helped hospitals address costs associated with patients who can't pay.  they are more solvent thanks to ACA
Thank you. Help for rural hosp.'s is much needed. Can't support for the ACA also serve to support rural hospitals? Thank u.
donate some of that dirty money. That would be helpful.
how about Medicaid expansion? That has worked in Kentucky and Indiana
@All100Senators Then why don't you hold insur execs making $17.3m annually accountable for not making ACA a success??? 
Because you know many will fold after Obamacare gone. OC saved hospitals and extended Medicare break even date. Leave alone!
Sen, ask why GovDeal didn't accept money from Obama? This was #Georgia taxpayers $ that we paid. He should have taken it.
1 reason: less commercial insurance patients. Wouldn't the ACA mean more patients having commercial insurance?
in Georgia, 6 rural hospitals closed since the Governor Deal took office.
Let's hear specifics because NO one trusts you since your vote for @BetsyDeVos U don't care about your voters! Money talks?
is afraid to meet with his voters!  He knows he was bought by @BetsyDeVos and he is SO scared to face the music! #hiding
that's cool but only if you can afford to visit them. Affordable Care for All!
No ACA. Town halls are useless unless you can keep alt-left OFA whackos out so constituents can parley w/rep. Stay strong.
Oh yeah how bout you also put forth single payer healthcare legislation also while your at it!
oh yeah ? You gonna help our kids survive too by not voting to lift EPA protections?
I mean, what good are hospitals if we can't afford to visit them? #ACARepeal
you sure didn't care about the ines that closed because you wouldn't take the Medicare expansion. #DoYourJob #townhall?
then don't repeal the ACA.
then stop supporting pharmaceutical and healthcare insurance companies and start supporting your constitutes.
agree. Defend my right to keep my earnings, and not subsidize EVERY dead beat on the public dole.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GOP @SpeakerRyan
GOP repeal and replace plan will destroy rural hospitals, healthcare and economies.
But how about you stop trying to destroy the ACA, which helps rural PEOPLE pay for their healthcare?!
you mean take from the makers and give to the takers. Eventually, you run out of other people's money.
.@SenatorIsakson Kudos for a progressive bill - its great! I love how "principled" GOP despises wealth-redist...until it can help them 
Great. Let's hear specifics. How about an in-person town hall meeting?This week?You're here in GA.I have a Voice and a Vote.
2/2 and his republisheep will follow blindly along and will hurt every elderly person in american #nofear
it wont matter, because by the end of the year medicare will be based on a voucher system. This is Trumps plan all along 1/2
- Roses are red. Violets are blue. Congress is on recess. So where are you? Tweeting is not the same as listening. Sad.
- Roses are red. Violets are blue. Mitch did a town hall. So when will you?
