Are you willing to condemn @realDonaldTrump for his espousal of racist ideals? If not, you are COMPLICIT.
So really?  Think you are on wrobg side. I'm a Catholic I grew up being hated on the south!!!
Do not impeach Trump.
So sad for you!!! Hope your health allows you to be a voice. Were you even there to vote ??  Stop !!!!
You've haven't said anything since then? #shame If you can't #ImpeachTrump then call for his resignation.
You need to call out Trump for charging in the wrong direction and speak truth to power, or you are failing as my representative. Period.
I hope u r not in on his REAL AGENDA to deport all foreigners and have NAZI race war with everyone left. His daddy agenda. U C IT, WE C U DO
Do you still support Trump's white supremacist agenda? Simply condemning bigotry in the abstract isn't enough.
I hate the violence in Charlottesville BUT I really condemn the Hatred in Government and in our Country. Help rid the Swamp &MAGA
No?  It is what your president seems to stand for and you have been nose to nose with him.
Well said, but why do you continue to enable this miscreant president?
O! And try your position about health care.  The people have spoken... Fix - repair ... Not repeal/replace.
SAY HIS NAME.
Yet, you won't publicly denounce POTUS who does. Who do you serve? Him or us? It's quite simple. Sincerely, Atlanta resident.
Then impeach Trump, get Steve Bannon out of the White House, start registering members of white supremacist groups on terrorist watch list.
Tell our stupid racist president that! We already know it!
Wonderful. Now are you ready to stand up against our nazi sympathizing "president"? Do what is patriotic.  @SenatorIsakson
Then urge the House to impeach and invoke 25th amend. or GOP will be party of a Nazi sympathizer, willfully dividing the nation.
The President of the U.S. gave aid and comfort to groups perpetrating hatred and violence, Senator. Do you have a response to *that*?
Thank you for your statement.  A White Nationalist and Nazi sympathizer should not be allowed to remain in the White House #ImpeachTrump
How do you feel about what @POTUS has said? He appears to side with Nazis & white supremacists. I live in GA & want to hear from you!
Stand up for your constituents and tell the world this is not what our country stands for. #CensureTrump
With all due respect, sir, why did you support our current president's candidacy?  He was just as racist and divisive in 2016 as he is now.
Now demand that the President have the same conviction that you do.
No it isn't what our country stands for....do you stand with our country or do you stand with Trump?
Why haven't you condemned Dnald Trump for his racism?
Too little too late. Prove it.
But you support the trump train. What?
You can't have it both ways sir. I am a Georgia voter. I will not forget. You support a man not fit for the job. @realDonaldTrump
Your silence is deafening! Condemn trump. We all hate KKK, neo-nazis.
This ought to be a given.  If you actually want to take a stand, then name Trump and do something about him.
Have the courage to stand up to POTUS and his un-American, bigoted views. What will you DO to stop him? Enough talk.
Impeach Trump or I'll vote for someone who will
Don't act like u haven't heard @POTUS just proved who he is. Defend this country like what u swore to do. Stand up for GA. PKEASE
It's time to impeach Trump.
By whom?  As your constituent I'm supremely disappointed in your lack of courage to name these cowards.  And hold @POTUS accountable.
Please demonstrate leadership. We need you to denounce white supremacists and the president who has fanned the flames of racism.
Where is your outrage after @potus horrible news conference today? Why are you silent? How can you support anything 45 says? Trump is unfit!
Vague, failure to address root issues and responsible parties...Grade: D-  for complicity.
@SenatorIsakson But do you still refuse to condemn the response from @POTUS? Even after today?
Now we know trump doesn't condemn it. Where is your line? When do you condemn him? He's a sinking ship, are you going down with him?
What are your feelings on Pres. Trump's back pedaling on Charlottesville? Do u still support his racist agenda? What will your party do now?
Your remarks about #Charolettesville dodge the issue and are unacceptable.
How do you feel about Nazis in GA? How about white supremacists? Are you intentionally being as vague as possible?
Then why don't you call for the resignation of Bannon, Gorka, and Miller?
Thank you for having a moral compass!
Don't you & Perfue fit right in? Stand up to Nazis in White House.
Name the hate, sen. Very weak words. What will you do so no such tragedy in GA?
Then y aren't you speaking more on what's our country really stands then working with those who want to begin the impeachment process?
What about the poor woman that was murdered? Got anything to say about that Johnny?!
Which hatred, O Trump Supporter? that of the KKK, or that of the liberals? We WANT TO KNOW! Have some guts for a change.
Sen. you criticized ALL Democrats before the election more than white supremacists today. Who scares you most: Obama or David Duke?
As a constituent I find your strong condemnation lacking any real strength or weight.
Did Trump write this for you?
With all respect, we should stop and think what are we planting "You will harvest what you plant...we must not get tired of doing good"Gal.6
But do you condemn the actions of the KKK, White Supremacists, Neo Nazi's, and ALT Right? #Charlottesville #DoBetter #2018isComing
Call it by its rightful name: white supremacy. Anything less is support.
It would be really nice if you'd put a name on the bigotry and violence you're condemning. This is what Trump won't do.  Neo-nazism.
AG Sessions stated that the actions of the alt-right at that rally qualified as domestic terrorism.  Step up your game.
What are u doing to prevent radicalization of white nationalists in GA? Until you take action other than a weak tweet, you are complicit.
Please be more specific. It's not just "violence, but who perpetrated it. We must not allow Nazi sentiments to intimidate and terrorize.
Call it by name Johnny!!!!
call out nazis bruh
Thank you for speKing out
Now, take a good long look at where it was fostered! #Bannon #Miller No place for these boys in WH! 
Denounce white supremacy specifically!
https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/897066356738228225 …
Extremely lackluster statement. You represent so many POC, Jews, women, etc. Call it what it is, #whitesupremacy, #terrorism. #defendcville
Why not condemn white supremacists and neo-nazis?  Your time to decide what kind of ms you will be remembered as is running out.
Try adding the words Nazi or alt right or white supremacists and we might take you seriously
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump is the definition of bigotry & hate. Your actions & statements conflict
It's easy... Say WHITE SUPREMACISTS
But @SenatorIsakson it's what you stand for now every second that you fail to call for @POTUS to be removed. Enabler, apologist - FAIL!
This is better than @sendavidperdue's condemnation.
Bread and circuses.  Fix insurance please! I'm going broke,! Bankruptcy looking.
#HeatherHeyer.. remember her name. My father fought in WWII against the Nazis..Heather stood up to them yesterday & gave all. Nazis ur base.
Are you tweeting about the terrorist attack by the Nazis that support Trump? Yeah..didn't think so. #HeatherHeyer was murdered yesterday
Be a leader and condemn the white http://supremacists.Call  them by name!
Say it.  "These were white supremacists. These were terrorists."
Violence by WHOM? If you don't name it & condemn it, you support it. How hard is it to condemn white supremacy & Nazis? #Charlottesville
You're a good man Sir. But when good men confronted by evil fail to recognize & speak clearly against it, evil prevails. You must do better.
A good response to these domestic terrorists would be to stop trying to abridge the right to vote of our citizens. Stand up for democracy.
WH advisors have seeded the alt right violence, bigotry and hatred. Stand up for Georgians & Condemn altright now before another person dies
incident in Seattle. name white supremacists as inciting domestic terrorism! What R U afraid of? stand against POTUS Bannon Gorka & Miller
Condemn white supremacist domestic terrorist groups. Spell it out for everyone so we know what YOU really stand for.
Very weak condemnation
#hypocrite #Complicit its only when political stakes r high that you'll speak out. Supported him in general. Can't have cake & eat it 2
Condemn white supremacy.
Do you or don't you denounce white supremacy?
condemn the racists explicitly and kick that nazi out of the white house NOW
So does that mean you are withdrawing your support for President Trump?  #faithwithoutWORKS
Who, exactly, are you condemning?  "Both sides"?  Take a stand, be a real senator and not a puppet.
Why wait until someone dies to condemn "vile bigotry & hate"?
If you & other so called leaders spoke out Friday night when nazis marched on UVA maybe violence could have be avoided. #charlotesville
Never heard U condemn BLM-it still exists-WHO was throwing the bricks/stones B$ incident occurred?
If you don't specifically condemn white supremacy, you don't deserve to be a public servant.
Are you afraid to name the Nazis and the KKK? Update your statement immediately.
Denounce White Supremacy NOW!
now say the words, neo nazis and white supremacy.   You are from the heart of civil rights, speak louder sir.
This is @POTUS's base, remaining @GOP base, your base. Words don't change that these are the people you attract and support.
Can't you call out the KKK and white supremacists? Or are they your base?
While I am not surprised that Trump has white supremacists in the White House, it worries me that you don't denounce radical right terrorism
Pls denounce neo Nazis and White Supremacists.
Everyone condemns violence, even Hillary Clinton does it. But yet she's a promoter of violence. It's starts with Government
Why do you communicate in such a weak way?
It's outrageous isn't it when whites lash out? But it's acceptable when blacks burn cities and illegal aliens kill children?
Say the names, Johnny, say the names. Be specific. Otherwise you equate the dead woman with the terrorists.
Great. Now tell Trump.
Too vague. Please specify the specific noun for which you chose the pronoun "this". With courage speak up as the leader we need you to be.
Call it what it is. White supremacy.
No mention of racists, Nazis and Domestic Terrorism
Call out POTUS! Senators' job is to keep democracy in the US. No action by Congress will demonstrate complicity & support of racism
You support POTUS, you support his complicity. Name it! The only bigotry and hatred came from white supremacist terrorism. Why R U afraid?
Weak! Let me help you: I strongly condemn the hatred and violence by Nazi's, Alt-Right, KKK, White Nationalist, David Duke. Say their names!
Thank you Senator. I would encourage you to ask @sendavidperdue and @realDonaldTrump to say the same and offer a plan of action.
Then call it what it is.  These vile people are given a voice by the Christless GOP, Trump and 20+ years of hateful propaganda from Fox News
Tell this to your Dems & stop their rhetoric of "hate Trump" "Resist" "not my Pres." who fuel the fire, not just white, blacks are racists
https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=64ED6753-345F-4F64-9B64-2D8BDAE952B5 …
@SenatorIsakson #condematlright and #purgealtrightfromGOP must begin now.  Its disgusting that they have a home in the party.
Soros owns McCain.... Does he own you to?



Everyone knows that Soros is behind all of this Isakson.. Why not condemn him?
Thank you for speaking up sir !  Something senator Perdue +our President do not seem to have the mental capacity or spine to do so. Patriot!
What type? Say it. White Supremacy.
What a weak and nebulous condemnation. Try 'act of domestic terrorism committed by white nationalists emboldened by POTUS.' #ImpeachTrump
Do you mean the terrorists, the white supremacists, Trump's base, and Bannon's Buddies?
Johnny Isakson, do you believe the Potus encourages discrimination and violence amongst his supporters?
Opinions aside, ALL have a right to protest peacefully, the error lies in the lack of security to protect them.
The hatred and violence? Or you "many sides" too? Sick of this. Say it. Condemn the terror attack by #radicalizedwhitenationalists. #Nazis
Thank you, @SenatorIsakson, for affirming that the US is a place of peace... not bigotry, hatred and violence. ~Concerned GA Resident
The Senate needs to investigate Soros for funding insurrection and violence in America and across the world.
If you keep supporting trump- your words mean nothing
That's the easy part. Now tell us what you think of Trump's acceptance.  Seriously, tell us!  (I am a GA voter.)
You need to call them what they are, domestic terrorists. And name them Nazis and white supremacists. Stand up for America
I am a constituent of yours. Condemn the altright neo-nazis anti-semites KKK NOW!!!
These are your voters. Democrats, founded to support white supremacy, rejected it. Your party invited them in.
You are the party of white supremacy now.  Enjoy!
The words you're looking for are "white supremacists," "Nazis," and "domestic terrorism."
See @sendavidperdue it's not that hard to condemn bigotry.
Really?  Need a history lesson?
@SenatorIsakson the world is watching Washington's response.   What will history say about you? #Charlottesville
Why are you refusing to call out Nazis and white supremacists by name? They are terrorists! Your response should be specific.
Time for Congress to stand up to Trump as well. He was TOO AFRAID to condemn the alt-right today - WORST speech ever. He is a failed POTUS
Thank you, Senator.
I hope that ANTIFA and BLM will be condemned
A little clarity Senator?
You're an enabler. Retire
Such tip toeing. Does it pain you to say "white supremacist," too close to home? Are direct, straightforward words beyond you? Man up.
Thank you Senator.
It's time you stand up to the hate from @realDonaldTrump and his staff. His behavior is dangerous and un-American
Feel free to criticize the KKK, and neo Nazis by name.
Racism and white supremacists and hate crimes and murder. Not hard words to type.
To be clear you, the Senator for GA are condemning the Neo-Nazis, the white supremacists and KKK, or those protesting against them? Or both?
Call these vile ppl what they are, Neo-nazi white supremacists. Then condemn all their rhetoric and violence. Allow no misinterpretation.
Get the NAZIS out of our @Whitehouse - Trump, Bannon, Gorka & Miller!
Actions speak a lot louder than words
Your party needs to make a clear break with this kind of terrorism, then. Your immigration & gun policies esp give them a sense of mandate.
Dodging, please be clear whose hatred and bigotry your condemning.
Neo-Nazi KKK @GOP Rally in support of Confederacy leads to death of 3 injury of 19,  @realDonaldTrump condemns perpetrator/victims equally
Thank you.
You're right, Senator, but the ugliness is being tolerated by the current adminstration. These dirtbag nazis are emboldened.
Just like Perdue, you need a lesson from Senator McCain on how to stand up for our country. Condemn the racism!
White supremacists aren't patriots, they're traitors- Americans must unite against hatred & bigotry #Charlottesville https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=64ED6753-345F-4F64-9B64-2D8BDAE952B5 …
I agree Senator.. as well as the violence/hate from ANTIFA. Both sides are full of hate.
Call them out directly. White supremacists. KKK. Nazis. Racists.
Then grow balls and impeach Trump before he kills us all.
Say white supremacy
Clarifying: White supremacy incites hatred & violence. White supremacy is vile bigotry. White supremacy is not what our country stands for.
U as a republican own this. Suppressing the vote kicking the poor when ever they get a leg up. Tell me one time u have stood up for the poor
Call it terrorism. That's what it is.
Were you bothered when Obama refused to say "radical Islam"? If so, don't you think you should directly name "white nationalism"?
Well, you and your colleagues allow it and have encouraged it and have for decades. You are reaping what you sow.
Be specific! Condemn White Nationalists, ALT-Right, KKK, and Confederates!  Call out @realDonaldTrump for not calling them out!
If you truly believe that, then the time has come to stand up to DT. He encouraged this. You stood by silently.
We defend our Southern Heritage and Monuments. Antifa, libturds, communists and george soros are the hate mongers and violent isakson
It's history, should be acknowledged-- but not glorified. I say this as descendant of many confed. soldiers.
Those that say it's "heritage, not hate" must see--to many people, it does signify hate & oppression.
Bigotry by whom, Senator? Say it now--in words--or we'll make you say it Monday night. Which is fine, if that's all you'll wanna talk about.
And yet you all look the other way with 45's behavior.  Party over country is the @GOP way.
Condemn? Good lord, old white men are too afraid to say what this is - domestic terrorism. White supremacy terrorists.
What type of vile bigotry and hate do you think our country does stand for?
Can't you just say "white supremacists are wrong." Full stop.
Absolam, Absolam! I read it all the way through to mental climax: The tragedy of a life is to waste your life in service of wrong ideals.
This is the human manifestation of bigoted views exemplified in your once great party, including your immigration bill. You've abetted this.
If you still support the Trump administration, you might as well have marched in #Charlotesville with your own tiki torch. #complicit
Call them what they are - TERRORISTS! NAZIS!!!
You own some of this yourself Senator, since you allowed our hater-in-chief to spew his bigoted vitriol with nary a protest so far! Shame!
What will u do about it Senator? Actual Nazis on parade & you and @sendavidperdue won't even call them by the appropriate name
