How could you? Why do you want to punish rural hospitals & millions? Your cruelty knows no bounds.
More of GA IS rural hospitals than NOT! This will backfire. And was partly due to GOP Gov refusing ACA/Medicaid expansion 1st On principle
The government has no business in my healthcare. The bill is a mandate on insurance policy it doesn't improve healthcare.
Fine. Then don't come in for free healthcare when you get in car wreck or cancer or whatever. That should be your problem. Good luck.
You must be referring to welfare recipients. My healthcare costs $800 monthly.
My family is lucky enough to have ins. thru our employer.  But you're totally right, I shouldn't care what happens to other people....
I have insurance through employer too. My premiums have doubled in the past 2 years.
This is a problem with the companies that employ us as well as the insurance companies. They have control over the plans, costs, etc.
Your vote in favor of the anemic Senate healthcare bill put politics ahead of the welfare of thousands of Georgians. Shameful and cowardly.
Vote No! All People need affordable healthcare. If you vote yes tonite, 554,000 constituents in your state will lose healthcare.  Awful!
Practiced Republican Pablum.  More GA Hospitals will close, Thousands will be without health coverage or will have coverage reduced.
Single Payer.
The ACA is not failing but being sabotaged. Let's fix it to insure more people. You keep voting to make insurance less attainable. Shame.
Who exactly is sabotaging ACA? It's been tanking for over a year now. #smh
Happy with debate but now that repeal and replace failed again... work to fix HCA! That is what we need!!
Thanks @SenMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins for standingup for the citizens of US by voting against tax break bill aka healthcare bill
You BETTER not vote for that healthcare repeal. I tried calling you and your mailbox is FULL! You are NOT listening to US! Vote NO!!!!
Time for regular order.  Work on bipartisan basis and come up with a real healthcare solution for Georgians.  We are waiting.
Could we consider Medicare for all? Might work.
Why do you want your neighbors to DIE? Vote NO!
Curious to see what sort of close study you made of bill in 2 hours, Senator.
Not failing.  It's popular and has saved millions.  Stop trying to kill people for money you monster.  We won't forget this in 2018.
Heathy family of 4 paying higher premiums than mortgage pmt for crappy ins w high deductible. Any increase in prems force us to be uninsured
Please no skinny repeal either
I cannot fathom how you can justify your stance on healthcare. My only hope is that you have to face living like uninsured American.
I hear you I voted for you to stop this Obama Care the high cost of Insurance and fines we can't pay 5000 deductibles paying out pocket
Georgians RELY on ACA! It's irresponsible & reprehensible to vote strictly with your party versus with your conscience #GAdeservesbetter
Only to opine - he has NO conscience!
Tell the 31,000 veterans who will lose Medicaid under the Republican bill that it was Obamacare that failed them
.@SenatorIsakson says he supports #Georgia but his actions today show he clearly does not care & had rather #Georgians die quickly, GOP plan
Exactly! We need to remember this when it comes time to vote.
Shame on you for voting to take away health care from my fellow Georgians.
Since you apparently forgot, here you are telling me that you'd act in my best interest. You sold me out today. Shame on you.
It was a vote to have a discussion. Nothing has changed. Big government = less freedom be careful what you ask for. ACA = more deaths.
And Trump’s Death Bill will kill many men, women and children. Be careful what you wish for.
Hey Senator I'm interested in how you "carefully reviewed" skinny repeal in the span of a few hours?
30535 you DO NOT listen to your constituents and we will remember.
Get on OUR team @SenatorIsakson Skinny repeal will skin citizens and fatten our budget.
So you'll be paying for your own health insurance then?
What the heck are you people doing? Why not vote against this ridiculous, cruel, reckless law and send the health care reform to committee
The only thing failing is the Gop. I have a granddaughter with type 1 diabetes. Tell me what's good about you all plan?
it is failing.we dont want to have a  baby charlie to happen here govt under obamacare has too much power. #AmericaFreedompressAlliance
How can you vote to repeal healthcare for GA & USA. Obamacare/ACA is a step to what all other industrialized nations do very successfully
Retire
Repeal!  Get it done!
Without the #CBOSCORE we can't compare bills properly.  It shows we would drop 15 million from insurance.  This is unacceptable.
Senator, I just wanted you to know that as a constituent, I'm against the current health care law being debated. Current plan is immoral.
how you care about your constituents by pushing for interstate commerce and allowing HSAs for premiums in new healthcare bill.
if Georgia families deserve better, then you all need to make sure it's BETTER! That includes not taking millions off HC.
I have a pre-existing condition.  Please stop trying to hurt me.
Please explain why you voted yes on 1st two bills put forth after debate vote passed & why my daughter w chronic disease won't be hurt
The substance of what you are saying  is misleading. Republicans interfered, (& Trump still is) with ACA which is cause of the problems.
It's only even marginally "failing" because the insurers keep thinking the Senate's going to kill it.
You're a liar. #FixACA #NoRepeal
Make Congress accept the same health care they offer the public!!!
You need to come home, and have a few town hall meetings with your constituents in order to learn what we think.
Why do you and the rest of your party hate us so much? I'm sincerely asking. You know participating and working to fix ACA is lifesaving.
Don't mislead.  GA @GOP sabotaged ACA from the beginning.  And Trump is sabotaging it now.  Work with Dems to make it better.
Name of the law is irrelevant to me but we had coverage when our kid was born with genetic issue and a life time maximum is a killer for us
Will any bill you vote for result in my premiums increasing less than or = they would under ACA for family of 4, parents mid-50's?
Lies, lies, and more lies.
You're a party line voter with no regard for your constituents. Georgia deserves better than you, Johnny.
I respect you, but I have yet to see anything "better" in any of the proposed replacements.  GA could do more by expanding medicaid.
No medicaid cuts! Families with children who receive waivers are counting on you!
The people want a bipartisan plan. Not a plan created by a select few and passed by changing Senate rules so it fits a political agenda.
Your comment says nothing about the merits of the proposed bills, what are you doing to make healthcare better for all Georgia and America?
You want to take coverage from millions, including those who can afford it the least. And you want to cut mental health services. Awful.
Sir respectfully, WITHOUT NUMBERS to back up the statement no one believes you. Show the data and have town halls! @sendavidperdue
From GA 3rd Cons. Don't see it WITHOUT NUMBERS 2 back up the statement no 1 believes you. Show the data and have town halls! @sendavidperdue
Even if you hate Obamacare, everything the GOP has come up with is far worse. The GOP is trying to kick 25 million off their insurance.
My husband and I worked hard our whole life and now we will have to pay a 25% higher premium. Explain!
How is this going to help me ?! I wish some one would answer me .
Debate what?  Repeal it.  Replace is letting me decide on my own healthcare.  Still confused on what to do?
Georgians will remember that you stood against us!
So when is your healthcare reform town hall meeting? Surely you want to hear from the actual Georgians you mention in this statement. #AHCA
Georgia families deserve better than you. Appalling that you voted to open debate on a bill nobody other than its crafters has even seen.
Before Reagan became President, Republican Company CEO's made $100,000's, now they make $100,000,000's. @GOP GREEDOM is the problem.
Insulin has gone up in price 3000% in last 25 years, while price of manufacture has gone down. CEO Pay UP 1000X, GOP are Merchants of DEATH
"Skinny Repeal" is not repeal.  Eliminate Obamacare completely and build a new law from scratch.
Find way to help GA's small bus owners getting CRUSHED in individual market Our premiums have nearly tripled last 3 yrs & deductibles absurd
Your contempt for God's children has earned you 30 silver coins today, Remember to spend them before we see each other again. Treat Yourself
You're going to hurt people with this thing and we, your constituents, will remember.
None of GOP proposed bills do what your statement says. Offer public option to truly give choice and bring costs down. Have u read bill?
I know you received many calls asking you to NOT repeal/replace bc your vm was often full. Prove me wrong and reveal your call tallies,pls
Support medicare for all and don't stop fighting until all of your constituents have comprehensive healthcare.
You had years to construct a better option, Senator. You are failing your constituents and causing immoral harm to our most vulnerable.
This vote is a disgrace and a betrayal to your constituents. If you valued debate you would have advocated open hearings on this bill.
Thank you for supporting our President's agenda. Tax reform next please!
Repeal!!!  Excellent now maybe my 2 drs I lost will come back
Universal Healthcare
The right thing for GA and all americans is for ALL to have access to REA healthcare. The first step is for us to have insurance
you & your 49 colleagues are playing with ppl's lives. We will not forget your #recklessness. This is no way to govern.
I voted against you, knowing you would place the Republican party before Georgians, proud of my vote, many more will vote against next time
You are voting to pass the bill tonight. You haven't had a chance to read it and there has been no debate yet. Don't lie to us
The ACA didn't eliminate choices for Georgia. Our state government refusing to accept the ACA has hurt Georgians.
BTW.. your voicemail has been full for weeks! Why are you hiding from your constituents?
Your vote tonight kills debate. Your shameful agenda to hurt rural Georgians is shocking.
The ACA is only failing because the Republican congress and our shameful potus are killing it on purpose. Your vote today allows debate.
we had to drop our insurance - the premiums cost more than our mortgage! Before Obama it was very affordable and good. Help
Do you have insurance?  Because a lot of your constituents stand to lose theirs because of your vote.
What are the right things in your opinion?
what do you propose to help my child who has a genetic, chronic, life shortening disease - cystic fibrosis?
Mr. @SenatorIsakson you have a preexisting condition in Parkinson. You had back surgery. Do not Georgians deserve the same care you have?
Do you promise to vote no on any bill that strips Medicaid services, protection for those with pre-existing conditions, & care for veterans?
You repubs drove ACA prices up! Stop your lies!
Evidence that it is failing, please. Otherwise it is partisan politics.
There were other, more productive ways to deal with the problems with Obamacare.  Open process to include all senators would be right.
I don't know how your conscience lets you sleep at night, Senator.
You will vote with McConnell and the rest of the GOP. You refuse to think for yourself and do what's best for Georgians! #pathetic
I will be writing to you this week as I have done before, it will be in vain since your office either does not respond or responds vapidly
Open debate for a vote in 2 days is not a well thought out plan for something that impacts all Americans. I'm very disappointed. Vote No.
Just let @realDonaldTrump pull your strings puppet!
If you really felt hardworking Georgia families deserve better, you would work to improve the law as it stands, not undo its successes.
Sad that this will be part of your legacy: working to take access of health care out of the reach of so many of your constituents.
Thank you!!
You're right, your constituents do deserve better.  A better Senator!  You failed your constituents today!
Only reason you want to repeal ACA is because of your hate for @POTUS44 #2018 #2020 we won't forget. @VP @sendavidperdue @realDonaldTrump
The right thing to do for Georgians is to help make ObamaCare work Mr. Isakson. GOP has been strangling it, and I think you know that's true
Repeal Obamacare, but don't replace. The gov't has no business in our healthcare.
https://twitter.com/jonfavs/status/889911774518136832 … @VP @sendavidperdue @realDonaldTrump
Heller was a no until billionaire casino magnate Steve Wynn threatened him almost daily. What a sad, perfect example of money in politics.
You lie. You are not working for Georgians.
Please start listening to your constituents rather than just telling us what you think is best for us.
Every time I call or write I get a patronizing email from you explaining why you (McConnell/Trump) know what is best.  Totally out of touch
Great. So 52 republicans get to debate. Talk about a "home game". So do you think they'll win?
What would you do right now if you had no insurance? What will 30 million Americans do? You have no concept of reality in America.
Will you allow enough time for input from doctors and patients?
You are the failure for Georgians.
In reading your constituents comments here, your sentiments go unsupported. Listen to your voters or get out.
I have multiple sclerosis and Obamacare has ruined my insurance.  I no luck nger can get my medicine!!! Pls repeal
Thank u sir! U uave our backs!!
Try fixing it sir. You will be voted out..
You will damage families, not help them, if you contribute to repeal of ACA.
U get world class taxpayer funded healthcare 4 ur Parkinson's but want to throw 22 million people off their coverage?AYFKM? Greedy!Arrogant!
You're right- hardworking Georgia families do deserve better- than taking away their insurance for partisan gains.
You LIE ! You follow the GOP line regardless of the impact on Americans.
Everyone of you have excellent HC/but would deny it to millions. There's no explanation or excuse for your negligence. 
Although you talk a good game about considering the effects of proposed legislation, you always seem to vote the party line. Shame on you.
So you are willing to vote no if it is a destructive bill? I doubt it. We all know that you are a yes as long as it has a "Republican" by it
A shame that we are stuck with this piece of sh*t called #Obamacare .
But will you vote to repeal and not replace?You cannot leave millions of Americans w/out insurance.Trump is a madman.Fix it/don't destroy it
Shame.  That's all I have. Shame.
CBO estimates a 25% increase in premiums next year compared to the  Obamacare Law. They also estimate that 14-17 million lose insurance.
Shame on you! You are an embarrassment not only to GA but all of country.
It's only failing because the GOP is sabotaging. You think we are stupid?
ACA is failing because of the uncertainty created by the GOP's repeated attempts at repeal. Insurance comp. have no idea of what will happen
Why not push to expand Medicaid in your state? Because then you can't say the ACA is failing. More partisan bs.
The failure, Senator, is yours.
ATL resident appalled by GOP process and inability to speak truth to power. I hold you partially responsible.
Where are your facts for your assertions that ACA is failing? Word of mouth?
Would be interested to know % of pro and con comments at your office on this. Looks like many more don't want you to repeal ACA. Include me!
The only thing that's failing here, is your judgment and your future in the US senate. Shame on you, coward.
Y'all own it now.
So much for listening to your constituents. Noth parties hate it.
Thank you.
Utterly shameful and deceitful. Obamacare is only struggling to the extent you have sabotaged it. But what do you care? You have coverage.
Only thing failing is Trump as a leader and his scared as Republicans senators
Shame. Shame. Shame on you
Please commit to a transparent and deliberative process. Your constituents deserve to observe the lawmaking process and share their views.
The only thing you prove today, was that the only powers Georgia citizens have is the vote. And I hope they use it effectively
But before Obamacare, thousands of your working constituents, like me, didn't have access to insurance at all. Now we do. That's not failing
Georgia families deserve access to affordable coverage & transparency about impact on our future medical & #mentalhealth care #Docs4Coverage
Calling it "failing" is a GOP tactic to lower confidence and encourage it to fail. Right, failing Senator Isakson?
ACA added choices since people can still buy insurance on the open market. Repealing ACA will eliminate affordable choices.
Do not think that your partisan disdain for the legislation Mr. Obama managed to pass is the same thing as a health care plan
Sir, the ACA is not perfect, but I see no evidence you have a plan to ensure more Georgians have health care coverage
Obamacare hasn't failed, you have. You've failed us & every day that you support Trump you fail your vow to defend the Constitution.
So have a town hall and actually hear from your constituents. And start calling it the Affordable Care Act so you can get past your racism.
Total B*llSh*t statement. 
Where was "open debate" before this vote? 
GOP chose closed doors & hid from public SHAME ON YOU!
You better do what is right. Quality care at lower price. Or one word for you- primary
I sure hope my family & I get to maintain our medicaid benefits. Without them, we can't afford the healthcare that's rightfully ours.
Why do you vote against your own constituents? Why are you trying to kill us? #shameonyou #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
This is why GA consistently ranks low in healthcare/education.  Politicians like you playing "good ol' boy" politics
2018 is coming Georgians. Time to show him that we don't appreciate his recklessness!
Unfortunately we are stuck with him until 2022.
And in 2022 I'll be voting NO Isakson!
I'll be there with you! I think we vote against Perdue in 2018,
Gawd, I hope so!
it is very obvious that you are putting party before country. Shame on you.
Probably your last term and you still put big businesses over Georgians.
He'll carefully review final bill to ensure we do the "right thing?" I'll believe it when I see it. Drop repeal. Fix ACA. Step , not .
Senator, if your health bill is so much better than ACA, then I expect you to get your health insurance on the market at 58% AV.
And with the 5x higher premiums for people of your age. With your pre-existing, your deductible will be what, $18K?
Now we know why you won't answer the phone. Your constituencies expresses the complete opposite & you don't want to hear it.
Shameful. Just shameful that you're so out of touch with all of the people of Georgia.
Who wrote this for you? The ACA hasn't failed but you and the GOP have failed us. You sound like the donkey following the carrot.  Shame!
Democrats were willing to work with you on the issue of replacing the parts of Affordable healthcare but you and coward Mitch were big fail
Trumpcare will throw 1 MILLION Georgians off their health insurance.  Oh yeah, don't forget to have a big celebration with Trump and buddies
You've voted against the people of Georgia. Party over the people.
15M uninsured and 20% premium increases are not improved healthcare. They're improved power plays for the Republicans.
So untrue!  I'm a Georgia continent. My costs have not done any such thing. Lies!!
Sir, had you killed the bill cause you didn't know what was in it, you'd be a hero. Now you're a villain to so many of my fellow Georgians.
Thank you @senatorisakson for keeping your promise to me and your other voters here in Georgia.
This is anything but open. What a bold faced lie to your constituents. Shame on you. You are participating in the destruction of lives.
Did you even read the legislation?
So far none of the options proposed would be the right thing for Georgians. Please vote no on anything that would cause us to lose care
What do you have that is better? Such an outrageous position you take. We want insurance that is meets our needs. You have no alternative.
Do not vote for this bill. Do not. Do not. Do not. Listen to your constituents!
Your constituents will remember the GOP vote in 2018 & 2020.
I am disgusted by you, Senator. It's not failing, it's being actively sabotaged by the likes of YOU.
No, you are the failure!
Super ballsy to keep absolutely silent on this issue until after the vote. A true profile in coverage.
If you KillACA, then I expect y'all to repeal EMTALA as well so that Med ppl aren't required to give free care w/harsh pen for ANY problem
Every bill that have proposed have shown to raise cost many while also cuttin coverage. We can do better than the ACA but this is not it.
Will you "actively engage" debate from both parties?  You had 7 years to figure this out ...ACA coverage is vital to GA. Time to retire
@SenatorIsakson No cuts or Caps to Medicaid.
