Yeah sure - give tax breaks to the wealthy and suck more out of the middle class.
Very easy to see who benefits the most from @SpeakerRyan’s tax reform plan. Also some in middle-class see their taxes go up under this plan. 
Be for real.  There is no middle class relief.
Thank you Senator Isakson and for all you do for Georgians and the veterans
Well then you probably should consider a different plan than the one Trump announced yesterday since it is just a tax cut for the wealthiest
You work for the government who has unlimited resources. The rich earned it the government takes what's not theirs.
This is nonsense. Rich people wouldn't have roads, schools, bridges, airports without the government. Government enables wealth.
Do you work, do you own anything using your logic it can be taken from you.
Fair Tax John boy !
We GA voters r watching you. Truth will come out. Your mother taught you to tell truth & serve GA PEOPLE. "Massive tax cuts" for 1% #shame

Very easy to see who benefits the most from @SpeakerRyan’s tax reform plan. Also some in middle-class see their taxes go up under this plan. 
Do you even read the news Senator? If you don’t get accurate information, how do you expect us to believe you?
I believe without medical deductions with insurance & Drs. We will pay more. SSID & Pension we pay 20% and now I fear 25%. Medical 20,000
Hope you're more successful than you were with healthcare.
Explain how you will pay for cuts.   More debt to further engorge the 1%?
How's that supporting price going johnnyboy?
Trickle down causes recessions. Corporate and millionaire welfare need to go. Tax cuts never pay for themselves.
Have you lost you cotton picking mind?  Huge tax breaks for the rich, very little for the middle class, an increase for the poor.  NO! NO NO
Brackets need to be 12,18,24,36 since you have low middle class. The 0 has always been there. Families with 3 to 5 children lose.
Don't gaslight your constituents. This is trickle down BS and there are no meaningful cuts for the middle class. Put #CountryOverParty
Our deficit will explode and as a true conservative constituent I cannot believe the direction #TrumpGOP is taking. This is not conservatism

Relief to middle class Americans?! Did you actually READ your proposal??
Did you laugh as you wrote this knowing what a lie it is?  Middle class will get no relief.
Let's make the breaks on the lower and middle and keep that top 1% of the chain to pay more. Richest country in the world 
@AustinScottGA08 @sendavidperdue You mean giving tax breaks to the rich and heaping more taxes on the middle and poor

Very easy to see who benefits the most from @SpeakerRyan’s tax reform plan. Also some in middle-class see their taxes go up under this plan. 
you must not be working on Trumps tax agenda which gives the filthy rich serious tax relief at the cost increasing taxes to the poor.
Spend less
Isn't it funny how taxing us less is something that requires consideration on how we can pay for it. Instead of spend less to pay for it.
Try real tax reform. #FAIRtax to put the power in the hands of the citizens and away from politicians. Income is tax subject to manipulation
How many middle class will benefit from eliminating the estate tax? Answer: 0
#1 tax churches. #2 increase taxes on top 2%. #3 #ImpeachTrump. Problems solved.
How about first focusing on meaningful relief to Puerto Rico and the VI?
How about taxing on SS?
I am not proud to have you as my Senator, but I'm glad you are happy cutting taxes for the wealthiest and then lying about it.
Here's a good article that outlines how middle-class families will pay more in taxes under this plan.
Reducing the number of tax brackets isn't simplifying the tax code. Stopping special interests from buying influence would be a good start.
What exactly is broken? Reform doesn't mean a cut. You can't pay for . The accounting is a sham. This is not good governing, irresponsible.
All it does is benefit the rich. Just like your repeal effort. Sad.
Benefiting your constituents ... or your wealthy donors???  Asking for some friends....
No doubt the tax code needs work, but scheming behind closed doors to benefit the already-rich won't do it.
Get informed... $24k or less pay ZERO... didn’t know that- cause the media doesn’t report it
Isn't that the married exemption and not the individual so an individual's gonna pay more for sure
They are doubling the exemption ... thought you knew everything?
It eliminates most deductions. So u are stuck with a cap on deducts. If u have big mortgage interest payments you win if not u lose.
Tax cuts for the wealthy & the deficit explodes or is reduced by cuts in Medicare & Medicaid. No thanks!
By giving tax breaks to the wealthy, taking away the deductibles the middle class relies on. Yep working for the people I see. NOT.

Nice source.
All I've seen so far is tax cuts for the wealthy & billions added to the deficit. I thought Republicans believed in responsible government?
Then You haven’t looked - people making $24,000 a year or less are in the ZERO% tax bracket ... won’t see that in the media
Unless that tax plan involves raising taxes on the super rich, u aren't doing jack for us
Make the wealthy pay their fair share!
We don't care about simplicity. #WeWantTaxCuts for middle class! Most of us don't do our own taxes anyway! Work on THAT!
Yeah they are going to reduce small business taxes.  Mom and Pop businesses like, Tyson, Perdue, and Trump Inc.
I do believe your good intentions. But you're hoodwinked if you believe this plan would deliver relief for middle class Americans.
We all know you’re just going to cut taxes for the rich
Republican party is all about pulling the wool over voters eyes. Let’s see if they put lipstick on this pig. Relief for middle class? Ha!
Maybe you guys should change your name to the Republicon party. Repeal and replace was maybe the con of the century. Now the big tax lie.
Untrue reasons. Supply Side Economics is a fraud. Your "tax reform" is Tax Cuts for the wealthy (you & your family)!
The Republican tax plan will increase the deficit by TRILLIONS. We aren’t stupid.
You mean like the 10 trillion added in the last 8 years? Oops that was a Dem
That’s not the tax plan that Trump is talking about.
Liar
This bill is nothing but lies, double talk, smoke & mirrors, and afraid on the Middle Class benefiting the Wealthy as promised. Get Real Sen
Another Republican campaign promise they are intent on keeping at our expense. PS, how you gonna fund the Govt? Especially with Cabinet Mbrs
You want that Fair Tax, eliminating the IRS, installing a national sales tax.  You rich guys cannot widen the gap big enough, can you?
Please stop piling on the BS. Yes, the tax code is broken, but the rich benefit disproportionally with this plan.
Horse hockey.  This is for you and your rich donors.
Fair Tax Americans would spend no money and no time
How about making sure all those corrupt members of this administration pay back all the taxpayer $ they wasted on personal travel?
So you'll be offering your own bill then? Because what the GOP has revealed is garbage.
You Sir stick to the present tax bill since you are so familiar with garbage
Keep the personal & dependent exemptions! Without those this plan hurts middle class Americans, even with the doubles standard deduction
did u read this yet: http://www.npr.org/2017/06/07/531886684/the-kansas-tax-cut-experiment-comes-to-an-end-as-lawmakers-vote-to-raise-taxes …  @savannahnow @DarienNews @640WGST @ajc @ValdostaToday
how bout IRS send us prefilled tax return and we verify! save us plenty time & $$ @savannahnow @DarienNews @640WGST @ajc @ValdostaToday
According to a study by @nardotrealtor, homeowners earning $50 to $200K will pay $815 more in taxes. How is that meaningful relief?
If GOP tax proposal is really a plan for simplification & reform, wouldn't the best metric be the number of schedule forms eliminated?
Inform "multi-bankrupt" Trump that U.S. GOV doesn't have this luxury. We will WISH for another GEORGE W RECESSION after Trumplicans govern.
Did you know...trickle-down economics doesn’t work?
It works for corporations and small businesses while penalizing wage earners. They will take bigger bonuses an ignore employees.
