Lies - check! Justification - check! Insulting voters' intelligence - check! Making the world safe for rich, white men - check!
To me this would mean a much higher minimum wage and strengthening the ACA. On that, you sir could get reelected (and into heaven). Wahoo!
Soon: no longer have faith in GOP to do anything on POTUS' agenda - too many RINOs!
Your party holds power in Congress and the White House and you still can't get things done. Don't worry, I'm not holding my breath, Senator

How?
I think you accidentally left off some of the text. Here. I fixed it for you.
We don't need any more trickle-down nonsense, @SenatorIsakson. We're wise to that by now.
I hope there will be tax reliefs for all, not just the wealthy.
WE THE WHITE, GOD-FEARING CITIZENS OF ROCK RIDGE ... err Georgia, ...wish to express our extreme displeasure with you... you know the rest
Kinda got schooled on this one. Nothing to add, but what they said.
Great! Then you can all get busy and get back to healthcare. Not funny - I have no healthcare.
Will you vote to pass it?
Senator, just because u left “massive tax cuts for the rich” off the list doesn’t mean we don’t know it’s coming. You’re not fooling anyone.
Thanks for retweeting. Snowflake Johnny Isakson blocked me several months ago for making comments similar to these!
The American people want @GOP to back the @POTUS tax reform package He knows his stuff Congress is just trying to take care of themselves 
REMINDER: NOTE how long it took for unemployment to decrease AFTER GOP "More 4 the TOP 1%" caused MILLIONS to lose their homes & pensions!
Sorry, but I don't believe your talking points. If u r planning to accomplish your goals with tax cuts for wealthy and corps - check out KS.
I don't believe it. The Senate is proven lowlife. Whatever you do will be for self and greed. Does not represent the people.
PLease get this passed  and also get the Health Care totally repealed and start over with a fresh slate. PLEASE
A checklist is not a plan. Start taxing people who can afford to pay. It's proven lowering taxes DOES NOT CREATE JOBS 
Are you planning regular process for this or the nonsense you tried with ACA repeal?  HEARINGS! DELIBERATIONS! IN THE OPEN!
Soon is not soon enough! U should have had a plan ready on 1/20/17
The GOP plan will give huge tax cuts to the wealthy at the expense of the poor.  https://americansfortaxfairness.org/issues/paul-ryans-tax-plan/ …
Hope it goes better than Health Care
BILLIONAIRE Corporate PREDATORS that feed off our WORKING POOR can't bring their Tax Haven hoard back into the U.S. without GOP Tax Reform.
REMINDER: Note how long it took 4 job RECOVERY after GOP "More tax cuts for the rich" destroyed our economy! The destruction will be TRUMPED
Hopefully, simplified tax code does not mean deleting tax credits like mortgage interest and higher education credit. GA families need those
Bipartisan??????
Retire
Ditch Mitch!!
Now, repeal the ACA. #fullrepeal #getbacktowork
Is the Fair or Flat tax being considered? If not would you kindly tell us why not?
And again...not a word about @FairTaxOfficial - need to get rid of your old butt buddy.  Go home to your family - take McCain with you.
Repeal Obozo Care then go to tax reform.
You need to get healthcare reform taken care of first!
Senator, your first priority should be to remove the #PutinPuppet in the White House. Tax cuts for yourself and your friends can wait.
You are so full of it!
Why aren′t you at work?
Looks like a solid agenda! We've been waiting for this one.
Does a simplified tax code allow the 1% an unnecessary tax cut? Probably. We all know that's the plan. It's in there somewhere for sure.
We've heard that crap before. It comes down to tax cuts for the 1%, sweetheart deals for congess & the middle class getting screwed
The GOP is so ideologically driven, I have no confidence in its ability to make sound, empirical-based decisions about the economy.
Will you work with Democrats or try to do it without them.
What about the "Fair Tax?" If not then how about a flat %
Trying to repeal Obamacare was a tax break for the rich, now we're moving on to tax reform, which is a tax break for the rich. Pattern?
It certainly won't begin considering your ill conceived immigration reform policy.
When is your town hall to discuss with us?
Start by reducing corporate taxes so American businesses can compete internationally.
By taking away CHIP, Meals on Wheels, and public EDU? Steal from poor, kids, elderly &disabled. Just like that health bill you tied to pass!
The only tax reform you should be looking at is @FairTaxOfficial
We're looking forward to watching the efforts. Big legislative priority for our organization and its members. #endthedeathtax
You talk about this & that & then you only vote the way you're told. Straight party line. Are you the Scarecrow? "If I had a brain".

Just so everyone here knows the Senator does not post this information. He has an aide do it under his name and tell only good posts.
All while you're giving tax breaks to the rich, increasing spending and reducing the deficit.   #notbuyingit #someoneislying #RsForTheRich
And free unicorns, too!
Kansas tried the GOP tax plan & nearly bankrupted the state & put basic services at risk-you want to do that to the country? NO TRICKLEDOWN
This is basically a lie. Primary thrust of GOP tax plan is relief for the 1%. Johnny has no honor & no shame.
Can't believe that the republican party will do anything worth while. Can't do health care even though they had 8 years to prepare
Sure. Like Obamacare repeal right?
Results. That's what we want. GOP needs to get one of the major problems taken care of. #BuildTheWall #RepealObamaCare
Are We The People going to "see" this reform or will it be passed behind closed doors?
#CynicismEarned
Do you really believe that the plan will benefit the middle class? Let's see some evidence -- before you vote this time.
Funny how balancing the budget falls off the GOP's priorities when they have control, isn't it? It's almost like it's for show.
  you mean less taxes for rich people 
Whatever gets done to reform the tax code must be revenue neutral. No claiming that cutting taxes will increase revenue.
Even former Freedom Caucus member Mulvaney has abandoned the idea of revenue neutral. So much for balanced budget
Will the Senate complete comprehensive tax reform even if it does start it? Signed, a Cynical Constituent.
✓massive amounts of free money for corporations
✓pennies for the working and middle class
✓infrastructures costs moved from rich to poor
I hope you aren't working with the..
https://twitter.com/_sirtainly/status/838834606694612993 …
God Damn Russian money laundering bank owner Commerce Secretary.
Commerce Secretary Wibur Ross practically ran a bank that was a KGB front for Russian Money laundering.
https://youtu.be/IMhzkvWuXEM  via @YouTube
