They do. They want Obamacare and they've said that to you. I'm a Georgian. I am the one who you represent. I want Obamacare.
Sorry but all our Obamacare is imploding because it was never something that could work.The providers are leaving more and more every day.
Disagree. It was sabotaged by GOP from the get go.
I own a small biz and want to help provide insurance to my employees. ACA makes this possible. Please don't make healthcare out of reach.
"Hope" you can find a way not to support the house bill in any way
Why didn't the GOP have something ready?What the hell you all been doing for the last 8 years?? Going on vaca? Getting $$$ shape the hell up
These plans can underwrite, which means they are options only for the healthy, which further undermines the ACA
But at higher premiums
Premiums MUST come down especially for those in individual markets!!! Competition and shop across State lines!
Everyone should have access to affordable HC. But I do think we should push better Lifestyle / Nutrition changes. That's the best Medicine.
sir ... access is not the same as healthcare for all ... the GOP plan limits EHB and pre-existing ... just wrong!!! @HouseGOP #midterm2018
Hold open hearings on this.  If your Obamacare replacement is something you are proud of, there is no need to do it in secret.
Senator... I am extremely worried that you could actually support this move... when so many of your constituents need this... Not smart.
Will the new plan cover hearing aids? That's one point of nepotism I'll allow you.
The House plan is cruel & Senate will try to bulldoze through. Don't tweet about options when it seems replacing GA sens is now the only one
True!
Why replace it? Why scrap the ACA when you can fix it? #SaveACA #Healthcareforall #Trumpcarekills
Senator, please have a conscience. This bill will sign death certificates for families.
Amen!
.@Senatorisakson  Have you no shame? For tax cuts to the wealthiest among us to punish sick children and seniors? That's what you're doing.
We can read Senator. We get what the new bill means. We know the only thing that's getting fixed is giving our money to your pals.
My bro - blinded by brain tumor - would lose coverage under House bill. Senate's MUST be better.
Working no in secret, no public hearings, pushing fast - NOT ACCEPTABLE.
The Republicans need to stand up for your constituents and not listen to your ignorant leader.
The people wants the coverage congress has at the same cost. You are no better than "We the People"
How about you come out to real in-person #townHall meeting & #LISTEN to US, your GA constituents. would be most helpful @sendavidperdue
How does this help?  The issue is the ratio of healthy/sick in the ACA pool.  Until that is fixed, insurance cos will continue retracting.
How about putting on your big boy pants and standing up against a dreadful replacement bill? Modify ACA!
If you don't give Trump and those making $500,000+/yr the $300 billion in tax cuts, you don't have to cut back so much on healthcare
Why do you not ever reply to the tweets of those who you represent, you are quick to tweet out BS, give us some substance, vote NO on AHCA
Please give us back choices. I want my old plan w/o mandated maternity, etc. (post-menopausal) that I cld afford & drs & hosp. accepted.
The marketplace will not solve healthcare problems
We demand a town hall!! I know you don't care about us because you're not running again but your votes are going to screw us!
Senator, why aren't you working to fix that which is working for so many instead of destroying it? Ideology which hurts people is very ugly.
I'm looking forward to replacing you.  I don't want a trump puppet as my senator
GA already allows insurance across state lines. No one does it because of networks. Not that you care. #lapdogforGOP
I hear Mitch is doing "rule 14" with no changes to AHCA. Typically, you will choose party over country, so call this a tax cut bill for rich
Do what is right for Georgians and not the Republican party...  don't vote for this bill...
For once you need to listen to your constituents. Don't vote for this terrible bill.
How about Medicare for all? That would be a good, low cost choice for consumers.
Senator, I'm from EC. Repeal of ACA will hurt my family. I beg you to please listen to GA & don't just follow the party.  We trusted you.
 ACA  Medicaid  Pre-existing Conditions Protections.   Millionaires' tax relief is not helpful.  What about medicare 4 all? 1 payer plan?
Do you not remember why Obamacare was wanted to begin with?
Politician an insurance companies an federal an state is the ones screwing us .individaully we are taxed .fair trade my ASS
No help from any one of you .some how your federal government lost my records . you know it pisses my off .
GA choose not to have an exchange. Stop lying and work as if you had to explain urself to Jesus, b/c you WILL.
Johnny , i have been sick for a long time . my nedication with no insurance cost total 900.00 dollars .you know the bad thing i served .
We are relying on you to save hundreds of thousands of Medicaid eligible low income Georgians - please don't vote for this horrendous bill
Bad plan and you know it or ur out of touch. As head of ethics are you watching donations from Insurance companies to ur members?
#NoCapsNoCuts
How is #Obamacare at fault for the collusion of health insurance companies to limit access? What's  the #GOP plan to prevent it?
Before voting, you may want to see what your constituents want. Town hall?
How can u be coming up w health care plan for all w/o ONE woman in the group.Makes me wonder who this healthcare will help!Constituent 30004
Great! Then let's open up Medicaid as one of those options.
Keep in mind U will be have same Healthcare U push on us when we vote U out of office. Parkinson's a pre-existing condition?
Do not overturn "The Affordable Care Act," and take healthcare away from the sick.  Sad.
#lies #fakes #frauds
Please don't vote for the house bill. It's terrible for GA and all Americans. Please don't be GOP yes man.
What above the 23 million DROPPED by AHCA who are currently covered under ACA???? They'll have NO options! SUPPORT ACA.
Stop talking and stop acting on something! Getting sick and tired of congress doing nothing! I am a voter and I am watching!
Single payer helath coverage for all is needed in USA.
If you need verification that I am a legal, voting age, person of Georgia I will provide so. When will you hear our pleas (/my harsh rants)?
Now I bet the staffers that push out these robotic tweets never relay what we say. Is this not a means of communication with my senator?
Thanks for working on healthcare today. 
Don't vote for that bill.  It's terrible.  We all know it.  Just be the representative we need just once.
Anything less than what was promised is unacceptable. Where are the public hearings? Any good thing can't be created in a vacuum.
Ltd plans are due to constant @gop resistance to stabilize the market & expand medicare--your cruel plan will ruin what you already broke.
If you cared about "consumers" (aka people, human beings), you wouldn't let this admin sabotage their current plans for your political gain.
Quit. Hiding. Behind. Closed. Doors. Your parents are rolling over in their graves at your cowardly adult behavior.
At what cost Senator?  Are you for RISK POOLS??
AHCA would likely lead to 700K+ people in GA to lose their health insurance. Is this really what you want?
If you ever for a second had a town hall with the people of anywhere in Georgia you'd realize a majority want the ACA to stay.
#TrumpCare will only hurt those who need the most help. It is a tax break for the rich and insurance companies. Vote "NO" on #TrumpCare.
