so just repeal it with no plan? What does it matter at least your back surgery was paid with the tax dollars we provided
There's things that could be tweaked the ACA is a good thing. Don't repeal. Hold a town hall and listen to your constituents
Every effort should be made pursuant to the house and senate being on the same page so we can pass effective legislation.
Take responsibility for trying to destroy health care to begin with.  You will be remembered and it won't be fondly.disgrace
I want to believe in your Better Way, but it sounds too good to be true. Where are the specifics? This sounds made-up!
intentions are nice but what's the PLAN?
You all have had years to "fix" Obamacare. You didn't work with Dems when you had a chance! Too little too late!
what repubs are doing is destroying healthcare adn convevce us we are deff dumb and blind.  We are not 11 6 2018.
get a plan that does what's needed. The bottom line is: actual, affordable healthcare for all. Nothing Less!
you are failing. ACA is very popular so quit the propaganda.
It is not failing, GOP is orchestrating to cause failure. Improve it, if you want to do right for your constituents.
When is @SenatorIsakson going to hold a #Georgia town hall to discuss healthcare? He cares more about DC politics than Georgia. #gapol #ATL
repeal Obama care! Remember conservatives actually work, we can't attend town hall meetings in the middle of the day.
Johnny. I wish you could. I know you don't really have a plan nor how to make one. Very complex huh? Obamas effort was noble
b4 Obamacare I was unable to get insurance.  How is insuring 20 million people failing?
I pay for YOUR healthcare #townhall
Everyone knows you're lying. We'll show you in 2018. Can't wait to kick Republicans out of the House and Senate
You are failing your state @SenatorIsakson #georgiadeservesbetter First #GA6 then 2018. Then Perdue and you.
I'm not insurable bc pre exisiting conditions if my hubs gets a new job & I hit a life max which I still suffer THANKS 
Christian? Sure you are.
how about a town hall, not your intern
ACA protection for pre-existing conditions is vital, our very health and financial security depend on it! No repeal, Repair!
Obamacare must be repealed.
Health care is critical to our nation.  Please improve upon existing system or replace, but not repeal.
don't talk about it go make it happen. This will be the hard part
grow a pair and man up
liar. You have no guts. Voting for edu secty proved that.
please explain in detail, don't forget the middle class and poor people.  Remember you work for them, too.
How much are you paying out of pocket for your back surgery?
Do your job! People don't want it repealed but improved. And they also want Trump investigated. Listen to your constituents
actions not words. You are full of talk. It never do anything.  If you did that in any other buisness you would be fired.
You screwed with what Obama wanted to do for our country and give everyone healthcare.  That is REPUBLICANS screw up
YOU'RE FAILING to do your job! The ACA is imperfect, so make it better. Fix it, don't repeal it with no plan. #doyourjob
We need health insurance for ALL Georgians.. ....Rich or Poor. Urban or rural
you are forcing it to fail so you can pretend to "rescue" us by actually making things worse. You have no plan!
please Senator, just tell me how you are going to rescue the only coverage I've ever had.
try again
That is an untrue statement. More have coverage now than ever before.
you had six years to come up with something other than its on CPR or it's very very bad. Oh, I sound like #Toddle1
why don't you hold a real town hall to discuss this? #coward
I bet you're enjoying your government funded health care.
ACA is funded by people making 3+ mil. a year, you know the people who dodge paying their share. u can hear them & not us
Its called the Affirdable Care Act, and it's not working because of opposition from many like you.
it's failing because you and the GOP reneged on paying the insurance company. GOP held back 85% of the funding and paid 15%
He's in Georgia but refuses to have a town hall meeting. The gall of our elected officials to ignore their constituents
We know that the GOP has gone out of its way to sabatoge Obamacare. Seems you guys are trying to thin the herd. Terrifying
It has not failed me. In fact, it has saved me and millions of other people's lives. A concerned Georgian.
You should talk less and listen more.
Showing interest in leading, instead of ruling, would be a great start.
Actually Obamacare has allowed my parents in their 50s to have health insurance first time ever. YOU are failing Georgians.
I am a doctor with a chronic medical condition, you can't fool me, can't lie to me and can't shut me up
tax ALL income equally, without that Obamacare provided for the poor and sick, squeezed the middle class, rich r eating pie
keep the pre-existing conditions coverage, Simple fact. How about a fairer tax system with subsidies? Get rid of carried int
pre-existing condition exclusions, high risk pools didn't work in the past, u can't make things cheap for the Joiners AND
u get points until the Joiners or someone they love gets sick or loses a job, realizes holes in the system, lifetime caps
but punishes the sick - their plan could be cheaper if you would negotiate with pharma, offer public option -2
Read the article, here's the ?- who needs health ins more - a sick person or a healthy person? Your plan helps the healthy-1
RESCUE WITH WHAT?!? 
Do not repeal, FIX IT. If you repeal, you will never get entire GOP to coalesce around a new plan #fixACAnotrepeal
We don’t need partisan politics - it’s called the ACA and it’s critical for those who rely on it.
please stop trying to "rescue" us. You and the GOP don't have a mandate
What is failing?...Our Ga. Senators to listen to their constituents.
Failing for who since many of your supporters use it
keep your hands off our healthcare.
The ACA should be fixed not repealed! You could have worked with Obama to make it better but you didnt.
don't repeal it! Rs desire is to see Obama fail! I ask As a Georgian as an RN as a mom of a child w/ preexisting condition!
.@SenatorIsakson this hurts. I've sent letters to your offices to describe my experience with the #ACA and why so many of us need it.
.@SenatorIsakson I've been begging you to listen to me and your other constituents. Please listen to our stories and try to understand.
.@SenatorIsakson I've mentioned numerous times that the ACA is not perfect but we need bipartisan effort to improve it, NOT dismantle it.
.@SenatorIsakson please hold in-person town halls or meet with individuals who have sent you thoughtful letters.
.@SenatorIsakson I saw you speak numerous times while at UGA and was always impressed. Now that I'm an actual constituent, I'm disappointed.
2/modifying it rather than politicizing it, the country would have been much better off. Please do your job.
It appears from polls that the majority of Americans want to keep ACA. If Republicans spent the last 6 years working on
will the Repub plan include that no one can be denied for a pre-existing condition even if they don't currently have a plan?
Obamacare would succeed if not for Republican obstruction. Please support health care for all.
ACA needs to be tweaked not dismantled. It doesn't help that Rs added restrictions in the hopes it would fail/have problems
U r out of touch with ur constituents (no mting cut off phones) We want ACA fixed not repealed. Watch Twn hall of the brave
.@SenatorIsakson ACA is not failing. I have insurance for the second year in a row after being uninsured for 7 years due to cost. STOP LYING
Obamacare has not failed me!
No Sir, you are failing to listen to what the people, of GA. really want. You know it would be easier to fix it!
Poll: Support for Obamacare is rising - POLITICO http://politi.co/2ltikC2  #DoYourJob
All talk no action, Rs had 7 years to come up with a better plan. They couldnt do it. repair not repeal.
Don't repeal just improve it! Why don't you have in person town hall meetings scheduled this week?You are not doing your job
You're completely disconnected from reality. #GeorgiaVoters want you to fix the problem not create new ones. #Disgraceful
how about we repeal & delay your pay until you create a plan that works for ALL not just the rich?
Millions newly covered& basic services defined for all insurance companies & it's a failure? Time for a new @MerriamWebster
it's failing because you keep removing the parts that would help it to succeed.
ACA not failing.  You are.
- Roses are red. Violets are blue. Mitch did a town hall. So when will you?
do Your Job. Show Up. Allow the Public. Your boss - to speak
@All100Senators No insur execs making $17.3m annually is 'failing'-hold them accountable for so-called death spiral
failed by to have personal Town Hall meetings is failing to represent your constituents. Show up. Phone Calls do not count
it isn't failing, you just don't like it on principle. Sure it needs some reworking. So do that. Fix it, don't trash it.
Is it though?  Cite your source for the statement.
Are you really going to keep ignoring us? We aren't going away. You are NOT acting in voters' interests, only businesses'.
Uninsured rate is at a new low. Only real problems with ACA is that your buddies, the insurance cos, can still raise rates.
GOP only represents & rescues profit margins of big businesses. You don't care about real people.
Hmm, the ACA has allowed me to get healthy, get the medicine I need, and have a job I love. 
Not having your lies.
GOP keeps saying this but it's a lie. It's not perfect but it has saved lives & prevented many families from bankruptcy!
Perdue is bought and paid for but I had hopes for you, Mr. Isakson.
Sir, leave Obamacare in place (without tax mandate) and offer alternative.  Crybabies can keep that terrible healthcare
see disruption keeps calling for a townhall so they can have a free platform, not necessary just help @POTUS with success
Fix the #ACA, don't kill it! This favors the wealthy. Protect the middle class and the working poor! And hold a #TownHall.
Did HC lobbyists provide you these talking points? Shame on you.
hollow words from the party that did everything to obstruct. Shameful.
You have had 8 years!!!! ACA saves lives! Where is your soul man?
Senator, HOW can you have a serious medical condition but NOT EMPATHIZE w/ your constituents who do as well? SHAME ON YOU.
You have had 8 years to come up with a replacement.  Come on.  You just want to take people's health care away.
B/c I bet if you had to use YOUR party's healthcare proposal you would be in HIGH RISK POOL & devastated. No empathy?
We've read your party's hasty proposal & it is horrifyingly BAD. YOU depend on good govt healthcare, why not for us too?
If u held a town hall or checked your voice mail you might know ur constituents (those annoying folks you work for) want ACA
This article claims to be a "better way" with no substance as to how it will be implemented or really work.
We're sick of hearing about what you plan on doing when there is no real plan in place. Get a well thought out replacement
The GOP sought out to GUT the ACA before it was law & NOW wants to say they can "fix" what THEY tried to break! #LIARS
Failing who? Who is holding your family hostage and making you pull this garbage?
Since you won't hold a town hall I wouldn't expect you to know this, but most people LIKE having health care.
, do not have a town hall GOP voices will not be heard, these are OFA trolls wanting to take over
Tax credits to pay for healthcare and vouchers for decreased Medicare. You're failing.
we are counting on you to keep healthcare available, make it more affordable, & not let anyone die on the Republicans watch.
I'm certain "Republicans" are not in it to rescue "Americans". Your support for unqualified cabinet appts. proves that
Medicare that has a Black's name diminished America. Make America great again!
I do t think it failing. Are you and all GOP not listenening.
If you actually held a town hall meeting or listened to your constituents, you'd see ppl prefer ACA to the alternative.
, no to town hall, no to OFA
a better question, why are non-compliant plans offered in Georgia?
WRONG.  Works for my employed daughter, with pre-existing condition and no coverage. W/subsidy, $97/mo, low ded from Kaiser.
Hey, whoever is running this acct, pls tell the senator to hold a TH or is he too frail, health and morals-wise, to do that?
, no to town hall , no to OFA !
Oh, and by the way. Do your job. Put country over party.
my worry is what you'll do about Medicare. Please support Medicare! Do the right thing!
if you would hold a #TownHall like @RepBuddyCarter instead of hiding you would know voters want you to #fixACA #DoYourJob
, no to town hall, no to OFA
Not failing but not doing as well as it should because of Repub subversion. Rescue? Hardly!
So rescue it, not kill it.  Majority wants healthcare.
Repeal and Replace only! Get behind Trump agenda, We voted for his agenda not GOPe business as usual.
why won't you hold a #TownHall to discuss your constituents views of the ACA. Many of us don't think it's failing
, no to town hall, we are on to you OFA!!
