Agreed.But they should not get citizenship ever. If a parent robs a bank,don't arrest the child, but you don't give them the stolen $ either
That is not the same. Reagan allowed undocumented people become citizens it did not destroy the U.S. it probably made it stronger.
It hurt the nation & set up the  INVASION of illegals for the past decades.  Deport ALL illegals! US citizens deserve dreams, not illegals!
How are these "illegals" stopping Americans from their dreams? Do you want to go out to the fields & pick produce or be a janitor?
Illegals are taking space & resources fron our students,taxpayer dollars on social services, jails, etc.  Illegal labor has reduced wages
Illegal labor has not reduced wages CEOs have not raised wages. Right to work states and lack of unions have done more damage to wages.
Illlegal workers HAVE reduced wages. Learn about supply & demand. More workers equal lower wages.
http://www.fairus.org/issue/lower-wages-for-american-workers …
I can also site articles that disprove your thesis. http://www.npr.org/2017/08/04/541321716/fact-check-have-low-skilled-immigrants-taken-american-jobs … Unions decline has hurt the middle class more than immigrants.
So we can break into your home with my kids to live and that is ok? When is it not ok? If it was last week?
That is not the same. Maybe the parents came here legally and tried to get their children also. Have you ever dealt with immigration?
Does that give you the right to break the law. Do you get to choose to break the laws you want? When do the laws matter? How long can you?
These people were children brought here by their parents. They did not know. Do you have any empathy for anyone but yourself?
So when and how do you stop people coming here with their children illegally. It's a question of drawing the line not of empathy.
So just discontinue the program but let those in the program stay. Let Congress enact new laws. Yes it is a matter of empathy.
Do you by doing this encourage more parents to come in illegally with their children? How do you learn to follow the rules?
Thank you for standing up for American values. 

But no wall, OK?
American values are following the laws. Illegals broke the laws and stole benefits from US taxpayers. Deport ALL illegals. No amnesty!
Learn the facts before repeating lies. Dreamers are NOT entitled to benefits, including: Medicaid, SSI, ACA, welfare, and Section 8.
Anchor babies get ALL those benefits & yet they shouldn't have be born in the US because their parents are in the country ILLEGALLY!
Dreamers are not "Anchor babies". The latter are covered by long-standing rules, not DACA.
DACA are illegal! DACA are mostly adults in their 20s&30s so THEY are dropping anchor babies & getting taxfunded benefits for them
Are you a Native American?
I am appalled by your statement. As one of your constituents, I urge you to rethink your position on this. Illegal immigrants are illegal period.
A thief(illegal) steals.Police( @ICEgov ) arrests(deports) them. Thief(illegal) DEMANDS more thefts & no justice! #DeportIllegals #NoAmnesty
Thank you Senator Isakson. Your stance on this important issue is appreciated!
Please speak up and say the words I will vote for the bipartisan bill for Dreamers!  Be a leader!  It's the right thing to do!
Please support the Dream Act and make it an agenda priority.
So there is a heart in there after all!
Why do you want to keep rewarding illegals?  I can vote they can't.. time to start fresh. We need law makers. Not social experiments.
Your actions with legislation protecting these young Americans must stand alone. A wall does not equate to a stronger border..
They aren't Americans.
@rmboa #myviewsaremyown
Laws....not views
Yea, and Donald Trump shouldn't be punished for trying to fix it! Go to work instaed of merely drawing your taxpayer pay check!
Thank you. Please make sure legislation is secured to protect them.
I'm shocked. Thank you Senator. What will you do now to protect #DACA?
RETIRE
Thank you
The Dems need to put up mainstream candidates who can challenge Perdue and other hardcores in the midterms. I see no one coming forth so far
Her dad should have done more than he did
Dreamers will be used as hostages in the negotiation for the immigration reform Purdue & co wants
It's a dam shame he likely won't be running for re-election again(due to health issues), I really want to vote against that traitor.
You lawless obstructionist! What about the American dreamers?? #EndDACAnow
that's the first humane thing you have said this year.  Has your heart grown?
Finally we agree. Thanks from GA
Why haven't the "children" proceeded to apply for legal citizenship - they have had more than sufficient time,
Good words. Let see some legislation quickly.
Yet another useless Senator heard from.
Then as a legislator do your job and write one and pass it!
Thank you. Now fix it.
Vote for a  law to allow them to stay, but do not have the WALL funding tied to the Bill. We don't need a wall between the U.S. and Mexico.
Obviously we do. People continue to illegally cross. Why don't we need one?
Per Trump Jul 12
 ISIS is on the run & will soon be wiped out of Syria & Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%)
Yes, Congress should protect DACA recipients!
Thank you Senator Your support is needed to offset racist @sendavidperdue  His RAISE plan is gov sponsored racism that no one should support
Thank you, Senator.
Then do what you were elected to do and write a law that will protect the dreamers! Time for congress to do their job!!
We don't agree on a lot of issues, but thank you for taking the right stand here and speaking out against Trump's actions.
While we all appreciate your support for Dreamers...that was pretty luke warm. The power is now yours! Please help keep Americans here!
Your support for an unconstitutional action by an unpopular president has me questioning f you shouldn't be primaried. ALSO REPEAL OBAMACARE
Thank you.
You have to actually do something to protect them. Funny enough you have the power to do so, use it! Don't placate.
Also want to add these dreamers deserve citizenship, give them that pathway.
Thank you, Senator. Please convince @sendavidperdue to feel the same and then back it all up with legislation. Thank you.
What legislation have you proposed or written to support this statement? Actions count, senator, not empty words.
Thank you.
Excellent! Thanks for taking this stand.
Wow!  I'm shocked.
Good start, but make words into actions. Pass a clean DREAM Act now! #GA11 Constituent
@sendavidperdue 

Please do not give the #DACA immigrants amnesty. Criminal acts should not be rewarded. #NoAmnesty
Glad to read this. Now you need to move on it. You represent more than Republicans in DC. You represent all Georgians.
Good statement. Please act on these words.
Thank you for protecting #DACA and being reasonable & caring on this issue; @sendavidperdue should follow your lead!
Congress should do its damn job and stop abdicating its authority to the president.
If every sitting congressman would write/sign legislation instead of grandstand on twitter we might have a constitutional republic again.
Thank you for these words.  They express our American values. Please work w/colleagues in both parties to protect these ppl with legislation
I can't wait to see what you are going to do to #DefendDACA  and #DefendDREAMers.  They are #HereToStay
Thank you.  I look forward to your actions and not just words.  Also, I encourage you to sway @sendavidperdue to do the right thing for GA.
Good! So GOP and DNC you should be able to come together!  @realDonaldTrump did the correct thing!
Thank you.
omg, you are sounding like a human with heart, nice words but actions are needed.  these kids have no home to go back to.

Senator Isakson, I'm proud of you for this.  I voted for you. I'm a conservative and an immigrant. My parents brought me here at age 5.
Are you going to tie their protection to building a wall? If yes, you won't be able to pretend to be compassionate. We'll see your hypocrisy
Then do something
Should Bernie Madoff's kids kept the money he stole? Actions have consequences! Deport ALL illegals & stop the theft of US citizens dreams!
Well said. Please get the legislation through.
Dreamers and immigrants make and buy the crap you want to sell and profit from; realize that you need them more than they need you.
Well, I am surprised as fuck..a Republican, this one actually said this.
Thank you, Senator.  Please stay on this because it's the right thing to do.
Illegal immigration has to be addressed before any solution to DACA or it will never happen. YES for the wall funding.
I disagree your priority is the American citizen!!Let's start taking care of our own people!
I wasted my vote for you. 800,000 ppl circumvent the system that some of us waited yrs and paid thousands to achieve. Illegal is illegal.
Then we can figure out a solution to the immigration status.
Good to see you comment on something you care about -- amnesty.  How about being passionate about building a wall, repeal Obama care, tax
Can you go slap some sense into @sendavidperdue ? And follow up with action
Thank you, Senator, for speaking with reason and compassion. Please fight for them.
Thank you, Senator, for being a voice of reason in GA.  Please back up your words with legislation.
Statement schmatement. What will you do?
Impeach.  Please.  It is long past time to impeach this maniac.
Thank you, Senator. Please take immediate steps to enact S1615, the #DreamAct  No tricks, no conditions, no wall, no breaking up families.
Thank you!
So, can you point me to the legislation you're sponsoring to make it happen?
Thank you for your common-sense stance. I look forward to reading legislation that backs up your position.
#DefendDREAMers
As a constituent, thank you.
Heartening words from my senator.
Thank you @SenatorIsakson #proudGAresident
Thank you, but Charlottesville = racism   Arpaio pardon = racism   End DACA = racism. GOP now stands 4 racism until good ppl stand up.
https://twitter.com/siia_us/status/905121105924456448 … @SIIA_US
Who will advocate for #Dreamers of LEGAL, tax paying #immigrants stuck in 70 year Green Card backlog #Fairness4Legals @SenatorDurbin 
You need to change your party affiliation to democrat. You are no conservative. In 7 1/2 years we'll vote in another conserv senator.
Thank you, Senator. I am hopeful you and the rest of Congress can correct the travesty that occurred today.
Finally something from you with which I can agree. Thank you.
Thank you for your words of support. Now stay true to your word and make the #DreamAct into law.
Can't support your position, they are illegals. they should be able to apply but it needs to be by due process.
Exactly my sentiments, @SenatorIsakson.
Thank you Senator, for standing up for reason and fairness in our country.
It's not enough to make a statement. Will you sponsor & pass the Dream Act to provide undocumented immigrants a real pathway to citizenship?
Work with each other and fix it.
If they came here illegally,how do we know how old they were when they came?People who join the military should be eligible for citizenship!
Thank you. This is a much better statement than Perdue's. Now work to pass the Dream Act, please!
Fine, but not one penny should be spent on a wall while citizens are losing health insurance and Texans are struggling to rebuild.
Thank you for speaking out Senator!
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator. Now, please back that up with legislation and protect the #DREAMers. Pass the #DREAMAct.
@SenatorIsakson what are you going to do to back up your words?
Well, then it's up to you to back Dream Act.
Put your words into action and publicly support S1615 to #DefendDACA and give DREAMERS a path forward. They deserve no less.
So what are you and the rest of the GA delegation going to do? Spew your cheap words and do nothing or actively push meaningful legislation?
Okay, then clearly state that you support S1615, the DREAM Act, which will Dreamers a path forward. #DefendDACA and do not punish children.
Thank you for standing up for those who can't defend themselves. Today I am proud you are my Senator.
The current system punishes kids like https://twitter.com/siia_us/status/897852654180806656 … for doing the right way. Congress should reward legal dreams too @SIIA_US
Children of legal immigrants face "ageing out" due to long Green Card backlogs.Preeti's story: #Fairness4Legals #HR392 #S281 siia.us 
Support dreamers. No wall funding. Trump said he can negotiate with Mexico to get that deal. No RAISE Act. It's awful. Stop hurting people.
http://You.Are.In .Congress. Please tell us what action you plan to take and when.
Thank you for this stance.
Thank you but ACTION is imperative to protect them!
Thank you. As one of your constituents, I hope to see you put this into action.
I'm glad that one of our Senators has some sense and compassion #IStandWithDreamers
Take action to protect our friends, neighbors, coworkers, and family. We need action senator!
Time for Georgians to pick their own watermelons.
Thank you, Senator. This is the right step. Please help enact legislation.
DACA was a horrible program. No path to citizenship.  Temp program that allowed the can to be kicked further down the road every 2 years.
Thank you for your compassion on this issue, Senator. And for making your stance a public one.
Thank you .@SenatorIsakson Next stop #DreamAct
Agreed, but the legislation must come from Congress. Not a petulant former president.
They are here send them and their parents back ,about half of them came here without any adult with them deport all of them
TY & please do not confuse the issues. Dreamers are NOT a threat to our borders. They have contributed to America as tax paying individuals.
Thank you, Senator, praying that you back up your words with action. The Dreamers need people like you in their corner.
Thank You.
Thank you, Senator! Please follow through with legislation!
I can agree. But NEVER should they be give free healthcare.  Medicaid, seriously.   If they are so product they can pay or leave.
Thank you, please follow up with the actions you'll be taking.
Glad to hear you do not want to throw them out.
Thank you an Independent Voter
Thank you Senator Isakson
@SenatorIsakson yes Dreamers must be protected!  But in protecting them do not use this as a way to tack on money for deportations.
What are you going TO DO about it?  The R's should have worked w President Obama so that this would have been avoided. SMH
Make it happen! I appreciate your words but we need steps to protect dreamers.
I am an actual voter in NW Ga.  you need to support the President's agenda or we will vote you out.
lets see it then Johnny! Put forward some legislation and ACT! #SaveDACA
Excuse me, but children suffer for their parents' choices all the time.
And so you are planning to... do what? Please make GA proud by taking the initiative on this issue
I have been among the first to call you out when you are wrong, so I will say here and now, thank you for this statement. Make it happen!
Will be keeping an eye out on how you will be putting these words into action.
Just remember our parents were illegals from Europe.... please make us proud and welcome these citizens!
Thanks for this.
I have a suggestion: Get with @sendavidperdue & ya'll compare reply threads to your Twitter messages about this.
Wrong Johnny, ship kids & their parents back to their country & get in line like every 1 doing it the right way respecting the law.
Thank you Senator. I fully support the Dreamers staying in U.S. Please work 2 restore our country's values. #defendDACA
Why should Americans be punished because criminals brought their children here. Americans first. Step down give America supporter your job.
Illegals cost taxpayers $64,370 ea per yr, What cld an American Family do w/64K $ per yr? plus extra $ in property taxes, Sales/SPLOSH taxes
Well said.
We have a dream that 1 day our kids the MILLION's  homeless American kids & Vets will receive as many benefits as DACA.
Amen!!!
#ProtectDREAMers
Thank you, sir! Please be a leader in your Party and back up your words with solid action.
Bottom line the parents & kids now as old as 36 broke the law. If parents leave kids in a hot car they are libel
@SenatorIsakson Your opinion is the humane, thoughtful, economically-sound one. Now, please back it up with action. GA will support you!
If your very first act is to enter the US illegally, you have broken the law. Bringing your kids with you doesn't justify the crime. #DACA
Obama/Durbin/helpless RINO Repubs say @POTUS  "mean" for giving Congress 6 mos to DO THEIR JOBS! Dems had all power- and did O & they?
You shld  have resolved this years ago.Represent your states majority wishes. Legal residence not citizenship w/ pay to stay as all immgrnts
Wow, I'm impressed
Thank you for saying this from Georgia, @sendavidperdue has disappointed me on his stance on immigration and his bill
#DACA is a  just a way 4 more dem voters & cheap labor 4 Reps that supports this unlawful #EO, go 2 bankrupt CA 2 see how it's results
You should leave those children alone and start from ground zero!
They are not children.  Most of them are adults in their 20s and 30s!
Thank you sir
Obama's #DACA is a SLAP in the Face to people who came and want to come LEGALLY waiting in line.!!! Take away all tax $ going to Obama
What Obama done was illegal lock him up.
Support the #DreamAct and walk your talk! Then tell @sendavidperdue that the "RAISE ACT" is worthless and should be discarded!
Thank you Johnny! Congress needs to make it right!
thank you Senator!
Words mean nothing....you've been using alot of useless words. Time to act and protect them with a non-vetoable bill.
You actually impressed me today sir. Good job.
Did the Reagan amnesty mean nothing @SenatorIsakson? These parents took risk, broke laws, took services, jobs and oppties from law-abiding
This is sub human
White House press secretary says Trump will now use DREAMers as bargaining chip for border wall
What is wrong with the GOP you do not use human lives as a bargaining chip
Thank u for speaking out, Sen. GA stands to lose greatly if DACA is rescinded. Do the right thing for our state and our country. #DefendDACA
Thank you .....Now ,Can you help us impeach Trump ?
What day, what year do taxpayers stop handing out freebies to ppl who involved themselves & their children in breaking the laws? US first.
Then how will you proceed to protect these children before Trump starts his extermination plan?? #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
You are going to lose votes for siding with Illegal Aliens!
Also, can you tweet a draft of the legislation you'll introduce protecting the #Dreamers ?
Then get it done gosh darn it! Get something productive/ moral done w/out useless,self-serving drama! Compromise & be decent human beings!
Thanks for your support. These children also need a path to citizenship so they can be invested in the long-term.
Thank you for your statement.  Please back it up with action
Thank you, @SenatorIsakson. I appreciate both your stance and your quick public announcement!
