This budget favors the wealthy while gutting programs that support jobs, education, & public health.
You might as well spit in our faces. That's how much you care about your constituents and the poor.
Choose people over party. No WIC cuts, no meals on wheels cuts, not cuts for the Arts or historic Preservation. #DoYourJob
my 89 year old dad who was a constituent of yours relied on meals on wheels for a nutritious easy meal and a visitor. Shame
. @SenatorIsakson you cannot support this. What are we defending if we destroy our society and environment?? #voteno
Maybe if the first family all stayed in the housing we already paid for, we could afford healthcare for more ppl. #30338
vote no on it all! The military doesn't need that higher budget if our presence in the world is Merica first 
Disappointed your statement does not defend or support @lsctweets @CPBpat @LIHEAPCampaign, CDBG, CSBG, @NationalService.
#DefundPP Run this country like a business and cut all programs that don't show results.
.@SenatorIsakson I hope that you have some things to say about the total disregard of children, veterans, and senior citizens! #gapol
A process to destroy America! And you are a key enabler. Shame on you! #notmysenator
. The "process" is vindictive & mean spirited. benefits richest rich, at peril of the elderly and little children #DoYourJob
This is unacceptable. These cuts will upend the economy, our safety, and many services needy people depend on.
giving yourself a tax break while seniors will pay 5x more along with defunding meals on wheels will be the end of the GOP.
don't try to make this sound like it's good for America! Cuts programs that ARE good for America. Do Not Support It!
considering that you have Parkinson's disease, I would have thought that you'd take issue with the cuts to medical research.
but hey, that's cool. Just more #PartyOverCountry.
not like there are people in the US with Parkinson's that don't have the same healthcare that you have.
and I'm sure the #AHCA won't disproportionately affect them. Not like there are cuts to medicaid and medicare...
Maybe if this President didn't lie so much wasting time and $ on needless investigations, we could fund medical research.
please let this statement be some coded way of saying you will actually stand up for our most vulnerable.
How in the world can this Congress justify spending govt $ on a billionaire President, but not on our country's poor???
Maybe if the President forgoes one of his golfing trips to Mar-a-Lago, we could afford to fully fund Meals on Wheels. #30338
it shows his values. Pls maintain funding for medical research, meals for the poor & reject $$ for a stupid wall.  #30338
oh you are so wrong. Aren't the environment and the state dept national priorities too? Please do better, I'm begging you.
Looks cruel and vindictive thus far, Senator. Very cruel.
glad I know whose is to blame when we're all wearing face masks outside to block the pollution from our lungs
A huge number  of your constituents do not support the priorities outlined in this budget. Listen to us. #youworkforus
just a reminder of what you said in your town hall. We are holding you to your words! BTW the healthcare bill is not good!
I'd like to hear your take on the $9 billion cut in education funds & defunding invaluable programs like 21st Century.
Be a patriot! Help Americans. Country before party.
Vets & families rely on Medicaid for services not covered by Tricare. Cuts would negatively impact military families.
If the President paid for his family to stay in NY, maybe we could afford critical after school programs for working moms.
I IMPLORE YOU TO VOTE WITH YOUR MIND AND NOT YOUR PARTY AFFILIATION!!!
as is the opening of bomb bay doors.
no. Stand up! This budget needs work. you are the solution. Make amendments!
If you support this "budget" you are a person without a soul.  You do know uneducated white people are your base. Careful...
If you support POTUS's proposed budget outline, you are absolutely soulless.  Meals on Wheels?  Really?
You would do THAT to the oldest and poorest of your constituents???  You are a miscreant.
why is it so bad to invest in our people? This budget will hurt so many more Americans than it helps. So disappointed. 
This budget is not smaller government, it's diverting our taxes to fund a police state.
Please, please show some moral courage and help us fight this budget. The poor will suffer so.
I guess killing people by taking away their healthcare was too slow, so now they will be starved to death. #MealsonWheels
it's the beginning of the end of the career for those who support it.
Man-This budget calls into sharp relief how much trump hates the poor/elderly-R's who support this will be admitting same
The budget priorities are ridiculous (vets are the exception). No amount of GA money-grabbing will change this. Shameful.
every budget requires adjustment I encourage you to be wise and support cuts will be required
PLEASE vote against it! It will hurt so many people, our economy & our planet. Please listen to your constituents. Vote NO.
please see the response from @ChrisMurphyCT to know how reps should be responding to this garbage
His budget is immoral and hurts majority of Americans.
You continue to wreck our health and education systems when you back Trump's budget! Where is your loyalty?
As a constituent, I AM BEGGING you to preserve the arts. 1st lady moving to the WH ought to handle that $$
Please put #CountryOverParty, and organize with fellow @SenateGOP to revise. A population w resources can generate more #GDP
if this budget passes, republicans will ALL GET VOTED OUT. It hurts everyone: red, white, and blue!
JUST SAY NO to POTUS budget! The 'process' is everything this admin is about taking from citizens.
How about he stops traveling to Mar-A-Lago every weekend & we use those tax dollars for crucial government services?
Yeah, the process to ruin our country & serve him & his war-mongering buddies. You support their corruption.
it is shameful the proposed budget cuts ... all for a wall and building up defense ... what about diplomacy ...
I read the FULL STATEMENT-It is a beginning. Dread the rest. It is cruel & unusual punishment as in the Constitution Art. 8
so you support decreased spending on education the environment & Meals on Wheels which services our most vunerable. No heart
The beginning of what? Cutting support to the poor & disabled--Meals on Wheels, Pell grants, heating assistance to poor? 
And how much of that incredibly dangerous budget are you going to approve?
voting for mentally ill access to guns, coal ash in streams/ proposed trumpcare, you've shown your priorities. It's not GA.
Priorities are not human beings, period. It's all about corporate sponsors - NRA, big business.
.@SenatorIsakson, this budget is unconscionable. It is a true disservice to the American people. I remember your campaign; you've failed us.
if you support any of it then you are just as much part of the problem! #resist
it is cruel and harmful to the poor, the elderly, the arts and our health.  You should place country over party.
He wants to destroy our environment & arts to add to a military already the largest IN THE WORLD. There's no "RE-building"!
Please take a deep breath &refuse to pass a budget that decimates the arts, EPA, meals &endangered animals.
Cutting Meals on Wheels? There's process and then there's utter disdain for human decency. #LetThemEatCake
Thank you for showing folks there is a big diff between the two parties. I think you've solved the voter apathy problem.
it shows his desire to take from the weakest in our society. I don't understand how anyone can support that?
My hope as a GA citizen is that you vote to fund HHS EPA & CPB way beyond 45's budget. Science matters. Education matters.
please please please do not support it! We need the national endowment of the arts and humanities!!
did you know that because of NEofhumanities George Washington's letters have been preserved and are available to public.
historic Augusta is an organization that strives to preserve historical sites in our community and a way they do that....
is through federal grants!!
It's horrifying! You need to rebuke Trump and all his asinine choices. Looking good for Barksdale in 2018! Good bye!
absolutely .... time to say good bye to these lawmakers !!
A process where diplomacy is 1/3 less important?  Should probably increase Defense by more than 10% with all the new wars
Go fly a kite, Senator Moleman.
A process to do what? Dismantle and destroy the country?
