of course you do. What Is it were a dem that bought stock then voted on that bill?  I know lock them up
.@SenatorIsakson @HHSGov Terribly backwards choice and we disapprove of your vote for this nominee. Start considering your constituents.
@RepTomPrice - Fearful for women's health. My body/my choice. Don't take that away & make it cost more for us to be healthy.
thank you for supporting the cabinet selections. They are good people. Your votes are appreciated. Ignore protestors
Considering protestors *vastly* outweigh supporters, you might reconsider what you've been doing.
DO US ALL A FAVOR AND QUIT SAYING ALL ALONG.
A guy who should be convicted for #insidertrading? You're the leader of the #Ethics committee. 
#GOPFAIL
#Shame
Succinctly summarize WHY perchance?  From out here in the real world, seems like cutting essential programs
You applaud a criminal then. He used his position to make himself money. Shame on you for voting for him.
you cannot be serious. Get your sorry self back to GA and speak with your constituents
We need equal healthcare guaranteed for everyone; definitely not just more choices of unaffordable access.
oh....? #Resist
.@SenatorIsakson @HHSGov 'Focus on the needs of patients.' My eyes are rolling out of my head. Patients need access to affordable healthcare
I cannot wait to see you leave Congress you are a party puppet ... disgusting choice and criminal
ignoring all those calls I placed
You've let us down again Johnny. Your duty is to us, not Ryan and not Trump. Stop being a party drone. Be a man.
let's have a town meeting where you and Perdue show up and hear our voices! Coward
party over country, amirite?
be sure to pass along the stock tips so we can all benefit.
As your constituent, I am deeply disappointed by your endorsement of Price. Are you listening at all to #GAvoters?
Based on tweets from unhappy voters and his voting record, he's only listening to special interests.
And you are clearly the wrong man, at the wrong time, for the wrong job.
so corrupt I look forward to the next time I can vote against you
GOP politics wins over regard 4 ppl in your State. Partisanship at its worst!
Remember Us, Johnny?  Your constituents overwhelmingly said no.
alt right?
So you're cool with his insider trading and his plan to decimate Medicare? Good to know. When's your next election?
You might, but many of your constituents don't.
because you truly believe only the wealthy deserve care?
How can U say this when he wants to destroy Social Security & Med? Do u understand how many Retirees will b Homeless
With each appointment rubber stamped with each passing day it is obvious you have NO respect for your constituents
unbelievable.  Martha Stewart went to JAIL for less than what he did.  Plus, bye bye Medicare.  Ugh
hope you stand up for charity healthcare at Grady.
that and your scard shitlees of lil tiny trump
you support millions of Americans losing healthcare coverage with no plan to replace it?  SHAME ON YOU!
Really? You applaud Americans losing our healthcare or our financial security to pay for it?
@sendavidperdue @SenateMajLdr Where can we find a copy of Dr Tom Price proposal to replace the Affordable Care Act?
Nope. He will lead the top health agency in a way that lines his pockets with cash. U chose party over GA & country.
I applaud the fact that he's no longer my representative, but I am deeply concerned about the damage he'll be doing.
yes, well, you will be hearing from Georgians plenty how little we applaud you.
I am very disappointed that you voted to confirm this man. America deserves better than the picks Trump has made.
you're a fraud
Sure. You won't need Medicare or ACA.  You're supposed to be working for us. #Neverthelessshepersisted
So much is happening in Washington. How about a Town Hall in Atlanta so you can hear from us & what we think about it. Thx!
How much is your kickback?  WWJD?@SenatorIsakson @HHSGov
investigate Price's violations of STOCK Act
And you will be held accountable by GA voters when thousands have their Medicare and Medicaid benefits cut by Price!
I'm amazed at your willingness to blindly follow party lines. Sad.
Listen to your constituents' voices. Do not repeal the ACA. Fix it, don't nix it!
Ethics concerns about Tom Price should have disqualified him.
he is NOT good for the job. I am ashamed he calls himself a doctor. First do no harm is not his 1st priority.
and I am saddened and scared by it. ROCK THE BOAT
That's doubtful. We'll be watching ...
As a human, a woman, and a Christian, I lament it deeply.
I'm speechless. I can't believe I voted for you
See u at your next town hall!!
your again chose party over people. Price will not last, he is too use to cheating. you are out in 2018. #redtoblueon18
and there goes any claim to putting the interests of Georgians and the people of the nation ahead of your party.
@RepTomPrice  disgusting! Corruption leading every area of our country. You should be ashamed! 
Yes, he and his many ethics issues will fit in this administration perfectly.
on both sides of the aisle. I wish politicians would start doing what is best for the ppl & not their "parties."
if you helped your constituents like you do the wealthy you might be a half decent Senator
shouldn't he be indicted for insider trading? #TermLimits
Hows the replacement going for the #acarepeal?
because all I've have heard about Price is that he wants to axe the whole thing.
Considering that you have cosigned a bill protecting those with pre-existing conditions, how would you handle Price?
for real. The GOP has been trying for over 7 years to repeal the #ACA and there is jack in terms of a replacement.
#Terrifying that you support what is about to happen.
And I will applaud when you are voted out of office for ignoring your constituents!!! You must go. #RESIGNNOW
Johhny, you are screwing your constituents. You don't care about us OR health care.
Are you intentionally burning down the house on your way out? Hold a town hall.
You must be OK with insider trading too.
