I recall a recent time when the republicans did the same thing. 2008-2016.
I'm a Georgia voter. Say no to Sessions, Devos, Price and Mnuchin!
More citizens voted for the demo candidate than the president. Demo have a mandate, don't forget it .
pathetic spin job here Senator. You know we're watching you? Right?
You support this man; he represents your values and principles.  You own this.
Donald Trump prayed for Arnold Schwarzenegger and 'The Apprentice' ratings at the National Prayer Breakfast http://ti.me/2kuwRz9  
Support Sessions! We need strong leaders!
#Hypocrite party of "NO" now wants kumbaya. Where were you for #MerrickGarland vote?Republican a No Show!
Hey didn't the House Republicans throw a 16 day tantrum in 2013? Your own medicine tastes bad, I guess?
Time to listen to your constituents, Senator Isakson.  We're not going away.
They do it for a good reason ! Please , I beg you , be a good American. Defend the constitution. Defend the courts !
The hypocrisy of the @GOP knows no bounds. Please vote no on #DeVos and #Sessions. All wrong for the jobs.
You Sir are a traitor to you constituents #DeVosvote @AtlantaMarch #RiseUp @atlantamoms
Whatever. It's so funny how the GOP is screaming now that the obstructionist politics don't benefit them
this is BS and you know it. Senator Isakson start working for All Georgians not just your party! No vote DeVos
democrats listened and showed up to fight Devos. You didn't listen or show up. Deeply disappointed that u r my voice
#Hypocrite party of "NO" now wants kumbaya. Where were you for #MerrickGarland vote?
You refused to do your job and allow Merrick Garland a vote. Now we're even. How's it feel you hypocrite??
The Demos have held the senate floor hostage- Time for CENSURE
stop the hypocritical democrats! Support Trump!
What did you say when Obama Supreme Court nominee didn't even get a hearing?
You are deliberately silencing the voices of tens of millions of people with this rule change.
If they had been allowed to ask more ?'s, they would have shown up.  Seems like y'all are ramming through these nominees!
I attended amazing Fulton County public schools, don't let DeVos ruin them! VOTE NO
Vote NO TO Devos
Nice try, @SenatorIsakson , but your constituents are not buying your spin in @georgiapol_com You broke Senate rules  and we won't forget.
Georgia Resident here. Please vote no to Devos!
please vote "No" for DeVos.
.@SenatorIsakson You've worked w/ dems before  (not just in commercials); do it again for our children.  DeVos isn't qualified.  #NoDevos
GOP didnt show up for the past 8 years. Total hypocrites. Still waiting on Garland...
As former Cobb teacher & parent of special needs child, imploring you to vote no on unqualified DeVos!
Did Price finish his ethics investigation? Still getting stock bargains? He's not a good pick.
When will you show up for a town hall meeting in Atlanta?We seek a leader who represents all of us not duck and cover coward
look at the pot calling the kettle black!
say no to DeVos the children of Ga depend on you
and Republicans refuse to stand up for what is right!
disappointed that you chose to break tradition of committee hearings. Sad! Hugely sad.
Those you bypassed are elected officials. What about the voices of the many Americans who put them there?
Please put the interests of schoolchildren above partisan politics &vote NO on DeVos
looks like the dems learned from the GOP- how to play dirty. Doesn't feel so good when it happens to you
you and your republican colleagues didn't show up for 8 LONG years. You're mad about 1 day? #ThinkCritically
you are tearing apart our Democracy for your own political gain and you've lost all perspective to see it
yes. Because the GOP never refused to work with Obama. Really, Senator?
#potmeetkettle maybe get back in touch with your constituents before throwing others under the bus
stop following this madness. You are our voice. This is not what we want. Speak up or get out.
Because Trump's appointees are corporate alt-right fools. They listen to their people unlike the sen from GA
Just like y'all did with Garland and like you keep ignoring us. Vote NO on Devos.
you sat out the last SCOTUS nominee. why complain now?
seems to me like Republicans have refused to work for years. I used to have more respect for you.
the hypocrisy is mind bending....
- Didn't the GOP do everything they could to block Obama? Why r u so full of hate? Don't care about us in GA
SHAME ON YOU. SHAME ON YOU FOR BREAKING YOUR OWN RULES. SHAME. SHAME. SHAME. Shame on you and your hypocrite party. SHAME.
Dear Senator Isakson: two words for you on partisan politics: MERRICK GARLAND.  Thoughts on that? 
enough propaganda. Do your job and stand up to President Bannon.
somebody has to stand up to Orange unhinged tyrant.
I realize you don't care about education (33rd of 50). Throw us a bone and pretend you do. No to Devos. Also no to Sessions.
Not showing up was Democracy at work. Reps can dish it out but certainly can't take it if roles are flipped
your comments about dems not showing up ar so hypocritical.....republicans stopped working for 8 years....
how quickly we forget. You have not showed up for work during President  Obama's term. Payback
we demand answers! We demand you hear us &represent us!If you fail to do that, we will hire someone who will
you are a liar
Hey pot, meet kettle
Sorry Mr Isakson, Dems have no choice. They must fight Trump because the Republicans won't. I wish you would
If you weren't voting strict party lines, this wouldn't have to happen. We want small government, not an authoritarian one.
most people that I know that decide to not go to work because they just don't want to - get FIRED!
Your hypocrisy is adorable.
and remember those times when the republicans shutdown the government.
now you know how the Democrats felt when the Republicans refused to work when Obama took office.
Hey @SenatorIsakson remember when you did this to Obama in 2013?!  The playbook was written by Republicans. #tellsometruthplease
like you refused to do your job and hold hearings for #MerrickGarland? Careful now, your hypocrisy is showing
So what? Y'all don't show up and work for the people You work for!!!
The same way republikkkans refuse to show up when President Obama was there. Payback is a MF.
well you guys are not standing up for us! This is insane and you know it. Won't vote for you again
WE DEMOCRATS promise to treat @GOP EXACTLY how you treated President Obama & Dems for the past 8 years!
#SuckItUpButtercup
we have asked you to do your job and represent us. You must want to be retired.
Not like you or anyone in @GOP has ground to stand on. You refused to do your jobs for the past 8 yrs
Clean up your house before calling on someone else. Vote no on Sessions.
You are a fine one to talk. You never answer a tweet, a phone or mail.
Took me 2 days to speak with someone in your office about DeVos. Are you working?
to be fair, by not showing up they are DOING their job right now. You'd do the same thing if you knew better
Very disappointed you voted Betsy DeVos out of Committee! Many of your constituents do NOT want her to head Education Dept!
The nominees should simply answer the questions posed to them, given the potential conflicts on the table.
. They learned for GOP example.  Price, Munching, and DeVos should all be voted Down #corrupt
republicans refuse to uphold constitution and fight for financial transparency.
dems r just practicing a work ethic they learned from the GOP
will you publishing a tally of the Devos/ Sessions calls you've received, including the calls not returned
You don't answer  phone.  democrats are doing what you and other republicans done to president Obama. #phony
did you have the same response when your party shut down the government?
in the corporate world, you don't show up, you don't get oaid, you get fired. So ...
You have no room to talk. The GOP did nothing but obstruct the last 8 years. Listen to your voicemails!!
well in the corporate world if you don't show up for work, you don
AND you REFUSE to represent your constituents. You are being flooded with anti DeVos calls yet...
They're still waiting for the ethics reviews to be completed.
oh please! After all the time y'all wasted under Pres Obama?  Hypocritical much?
I think this is a bit hypocritical given Republicans behavior with Obama's Supreme Court nominee.
Didn't you and you and your leadership hold Supreme Court hostage for a year?  Hypocritical.
Ga. voters want the candidates' ethics and business ties thoroughly vetted before voting on appointments
so it's ok for GOP to do under Obama, but not Dems under Trump? See: Hypocrites (n.)
I guess you call being a "yes man" work? #resist
stop expecting others to act like adults. We shouldn't rubber stamp ppl who have no credentials for the job.
You refuse to answer your phones to hear your constituents. Hypocrite much?
Rememner that time Republicans didn't do their job and STOLE a Supreme Court seat??? REMEMBER THAT?! #SwampCabinet
Why cant they be reprimanded/ OR AT LEAST DOCKED PAY?
, funny seeing teenage trolls on here
, time for nuclear option!! Let's go!!
why blame the Dems for this? If they thought y'all had ANY ethics they wouldn't do this.
How is this different than the Republicans stalling out @POTUS44 nomination to the Supreme Court?
how does it feel to have the tables turned? The republican senate didn't show up to work for two yrs.
Try answering your phone. Is anybody there? I have shown up in a Georgia classroom for 31 years. You aren't listening.
So happy to see someone stand up! This is the kind of courage we need.
Good for them! More spine than you, yes-man.
you have not shown up for your constituents and we are watching! #hypocrisy #noDevos
The hypocrisy. The delay is actually warranted when nominees lie. Let's talk about Merrick Garland.
I am so thankful I am a GA Rep and not having to be a part of this childishness from the left
it's a boycott refusing to show up for work would be like never meeting with the people who elected you 
Taking a page from the GOP book, after obstructing Supreme Court nominee for nearly a year.
Says the man who isn't answering his constituents calls.
they're doing more for us by not showing up than you do by showing up and falling in line with Trump.
Agreed! Think hard about a better way you can serve your state and country, Senator.
So, the GOP doesn't like the taste of some of your own medicine? Welcome to the #RESISTANCE.

just following the lead of the GOP https://www.google.com/amp/mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSBRE9480LE20130509 …
GOP is going to gut the EPA & regulations. Frackers delight is coming to GA.
Do your job, @SenatorIsakson: defend Constitution, end the travel ban, vet Bannon, and reject inexperienced cabinet picks (Like DeVoss!)
shame on you
Enjoy you last term. You have no spine to protect the country from this incompetent, self-serving gang. @SenatorIsakson @georgiapol_com
Why did you vote to approve an inexperienced plagiarist with a track record of ethical problems?
Trump is literally staging a COUP right now, as we speak, and this is what 'flummoxes' you? #georgiavoter
YOU refused to "show up for work" for Merrick Garland, so don't even try it.
the GOP are hypocrites because y'all did the same thing!As a GA voter I hope you will say no to Sessions and Devos!
your phones are still down Johnny - #SAD
I say let's wait until the next president to confirm, like you did re Garland...  http://www.isakson.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=news-releases&id=9193D527-C429-4014-9D3E-226B0C93B65D …
just like you refuse to listen to your voters 
.@SenatorIsakson @georgiapol_com How about showing up to meet with your constituents in GA.
sir republicans haven't shown up to do their job for 8 years. How's it feel?  We're watching
when you live by the sword Johnny .......#MerrickGarland #birtherBS #Illegitimate
Mnuchin lied in testimony, Price used political information to make money. no thoughts on that?
#GeorgiaVoter here... You are incompetent and clearly not listening 2 your constituents. Answer your phone!!
Listen to ur constituents & vote NO on DeVos, Sessions & SPEAK UP against the #MuslimBan. Moralize on that!
Do you keep your voice mailbox full so you don't have to listen to the actual people you represent?
He's too busy helping Donnie destroy America.
what's your plan to stop this Senator? http://theweek.com/articles/666799/how-american-health-care-kills-people …
Judge Garland is still waiting on his hearing. Didn't show up for work then did you? Hack.
Merrick Garland
I guess this is only fitting, you refused to show up for Georgia's children today. Does that make you a Dem?
They are doing the right thing. Questions must be answered.
and you refuse to answer you phone
& when your constituents actually get through there's no return call.Our voices & concerns should be heard!
You are not listening to us!Every decision you make from this day forward,you will be held accountable for it! #GeorgiaVoter
you didn't show up for me Senator Isakson!!
Still throwing their temper tantrums. Too bad we can't dock their pay.
Shameful. You're a half-rotten corpse and you still show up for work every day.
Why not on the Senate floor?
