ugh NO!
Ah, no he wont, conflicts of interest, insider trading.. Another Party over people, #redtobluein18
.@SenatorIsakson @RepTomPrice @HHSGov Shameful vote Senator! The Price is right when it comes to lining his pockets with insider trades!
Sadly, he has not proven to be a leader with integrity so I respectfully disagree.
Nope. A Sec of Health who doesn’t think we should provide healthcare is, at best, nonsensical and insane.
Tom Price should not be allowed near the government. And neither should you. Ethics my ass.
I think you meant big pharma will be better off? And
hollow tweet. Comments show your constituents see through it and that you aren't listening.
perhaps better off than if Satan was Secretary, but only marginally.
GA 6th district wasn't better with Price, America will not be.See you at your town meeting. when is it?
toight see you there
I think we Americans will be worse off with Rep at HHS.Please vote no on confirming him
You have failed the people of Georgia.
No. NO. NO. Please listen to us!
At least #District6 will be better off with Dem replacement to @RepTomPrice who will listen to voters.
oh so you're a #racist as well? #gotit #ImpeachTrump and any other racist in office!!!!!!
wrong again stop wasting our time - grow a pair.
HOW, By taking our Social Security & Med? U do this I lose my home. Millions of of walking the streets. That make u happy??
Better off w/no healthcare? Shameful! When is next town hall mtg in metro ATL? Need to talk!
shame on you . Horrified by your support of Trump
His plans favor the rich and educated. Poor people deserve to also have access to healthcare too!
as one of your constituents you need to hear us and understand that Trump & co. are a serious threat to our nation! Shame!
DIsagree. Start looking for a new job
...Seems unlikely to make things all that better to me.
if I invested like he did, I'd be in trail. He's a crook.
He is corrupt and willing to make all of America sicker. Listen to us and vote no.
Repealing & replacing major ACA legislation  w/o plan will destabilize  the economy. WW'JanetYellen'D?
 #thathashtag 
my son with Crohn's disease begs to differ.  Horrifying what you've elected.
All due respect, you're wrong.
No, we won't. Medicare for all would help though.
you are tainting yourself when condone his self dealing. We deserve better than this unethical hack.
please stand up & say No! Give Repubs some dignity & pride. High road is there - Take it!
hum, no we won't. Bad idea. Really bad.
delusional Trump, racist Sessions, unqualified DeVos & 25m to lose health care. How is this better?
As you know I'm a Military Mom, and I'm so proud that you stand with @potus and represent me.
when Is your next town hall meeting in Atlanta?
When millions lose health insurance & even more lose protections for preexisting conditions & life time maximums? NOPE!
we will be watching you. We know you're unethical.
rich white American men (esp. Doctors) will be better off. The rest of us will suffer.
Have u given any consideration 2 the projected body count?
Price is not good for USA. Saw you on CSPAN 2day, embarrassed you don't represent Georgians. #NoPrice
No, Mr. Isakson. No, we won't. Please start listening to your constituents!
Not If they need affordable health care/Medicare/Medicaid.  Now if u want some insider trading tips
My family relies on insurance I get from the ACA and y'all have NO plan to replace it. Shameful & uncaring.
I'm your constituent, and I have to disagree again
Disagreed. Not that you are listening. See: DeVos and Sessions votes despite strong opposition from your constituents.
yes and explain to your GA constituents how their Medicare and Medicaid benefits got cut back!
10xs voted to defund planned parenthood!
Vote no on Price Congressman.  #NoPrice
I disagree. Tom Price is a crook. He uses his office for personal financial gain. Not cool.
you're wrong. Maybe the 6th district will be better off w/o him misrepresenting them, but no one else
Are you on drugs ??? Once again you FAIL GEORGIA you FAIL THE UNITED STATES!!!!!! Your logic is garbage
ummmmmm No.
you are such a turdburglar
seriously? He's profited of his position in Congress. I thought we were draining the swamp not filling
why should the American people pay for your health insurance
let's have your health plan the nice one with all the perks the one we fucking pay for
you know Price wants to line his pockets and strip healthcare down to the wealthy.
I will make sure to drop my elderly parents' bodies on ur front lawn when they die b/c there was no med. care.
Does it matter what your constituents think? It sure doesn't seem that way. Rich donors matter to you.
No.
give us your health insurance as an option the one we all PAY for
think you need to school yourself on Tom prices plan to get more money in his pockets
you failed us with Devos and sessions and it sounds like you will fail us again with price. Sad.
Not as good as Price has been making out. #corrupt
How? Both the #GOP and Price want to strip the US of the ACA and neither of you has a replacement.
what will either of you do for those with pre-existing conditions?
how will you handle deductibles? Health screenings?
I disagree. You might think him an expedient fix & touting "patient-focused" fools us. No.
Senator, you are sadly mistaken. Shame on you. Perhaps you'd forego your govt healthcare & hop on Medicare? #Price
Too bad Jeff Sessions and Betsy DeVos will destroy their respective departments.
@sendavidperdue I disagree & am horrified by your support of all Trump's cabinet picks. I'm ashamed you say you represent me
No Senator, he is not a good choice. Listen to your constituents please. ROCK THE BOAT
Sir, 𝙈𝘼𝙉𝙔 of your constituents beg to differ. How do u have time to tweet but not to tally the NO msgs @SenatorIsakson @RepTomPrice @HHSGov
435 congressional members and 33 senators are up for re election in 2018


instead of health care
no they won't. He has taken bribes from insurance companies and he has offered Health saving voucher
Probably not. You are not our voice. We cannot be bought. Party before people.
At least he has some actual experience & credentials in #healthcare. That's a first for Trump.
Can you please state the data upon which you make this claim? Address stock purchase please.
.@RepTomPrice is an inside trader and should be punished, not head @HHSGov. #leveltheplayingfield
Once again you commit to selling the people of Georgia down the river. You have no integrity.
Have you ever considered simply being a decent person?
nope. wrong. the guy is a crook, making stock deals for himself. check the record.
@ajc If by "better" you mean "sicker and poorer," I agree. When is that town hall, Johnny?
If his goal is to demolish the #ACA and cut #Medicaid & #Medicare, we don't need him.
