work to fix it not repeal.
Good old boy politics. Gross.
are you high ?
2018 will be a step 4 us 2 remove unnecessary MOCs who put party over country! The true harm 2 our country is POTUS/GOP.
you're wrong. Republican repeal and Trumpcare = wealthcare.
Thank you for weakening the US labor force, is that what you expected to hear?
please don't cause Americans suffering. Vote no on Trumpcare. We will remember if you don't look out for us!
How about removing @POTUS who abuses power of the office for personal gain, has betrayed the public trust, unfit for office!
you forget who you work for but we Georgians will not forget. Looking foward to seeing your vote Senator. #HallCoDems
Sadly, the Senator has been pretty clear on who he works for and it isn't constituents. $$ talks
PLEASE stop listening to the cacophony of GOP ideologues and look at your constituency. Regular folks, sir, need protection.
it's sad you represent me.
the party line will get you nowhere fast.
you are not thinking right millions are going to lose their health care right here in Georgia.
WRONG! If you'd listen to voters, you'd understand why they protest so much. Well, ACA along with Trump's Russian Connection.
you need to advise Georgia congressman to vote no or they'll be voted out in 2018. That's a promise. #DoYourJob
@GOP is running the #USA into the ground. It's so sad. Pls care ab country over party. Pls care ab people. #russiagate
heard u had back surgery.  Must b nice 2 have ins. plcy that covers that,esp while u vote 2 deny others fair coverage. Shame
how about relinquishing ur coverage while ur at it, since that is what u r forcing millions of Americans to do.  Hypocrite.
why don't u show us details of ur taxpayer provided health coverage.  I hear it's top notch.  2 bad u deny rest of us.
TRUMPCARE!!!
Note how few likes you got on this? America needs protections.
exactly how did it hurt our economy? We have had 8 years of a bull market, the second longest bull market in history.
Please stop playing partisan games with your constituents health and lives. #youworkforus
You are out of touch with your constituents. GA not accepting medicaid expansion cost GA $1 billion. No to #RepealandReplace
great point
NO AGE TAX IN THE HEALTH BILL JOHNNY!!!
you can count on my vote in your next election going to whoever opposes #resist #RepealAndReplace
are you actually listening to your constituents? Prove it. Reply here to those who question your choices!
not voting on the OSHA regulation bill I see. At least you didn't vote yes. Bad move by GOP. Worker safety is as stake.
Vote NO in the Healthcare Bill or you will lose the respect and votes of many of your constituents.  You need to protect us
the fundamental inaccuracy of your statement is horrifying. As an Atl resident, I feel you are putting politics before GA
How does requiring HR dept's to record and maintain previous 5yrs safety violations burden economy? Please, do explain!
FOCUS! Why aren't you demanding trump's taxes to be released IMMEDIATELY?
This Georgia voter will do whatever it takes to get Isakson out of office
literally cannot wait to assist you in your retirement
are you kidding me?? You must be living under a rock
and the new plan is so much better.
I want to know y u aren't voting. Jan-mar 2017 20.7% and still climbing.Do Ur job rhino
You mean rules like "Do unto others as you would have them do unto you?" The GOP under Trump has forgotten that rule!
do you not love us, the lowly employed who work at the whim of the boss in a right-to-work state?
Also: WTF is "burdensome" abt just keeping records already made for 5.5 yrs longer? There's ZERO cost to employers &..
...Helps OSHA recognize a pattern of unsafe and worker-abusive conditions. GOP does this to PROTECT CRIMINALS.
Oh my god, you literally just had back surgery PAID FOR BY US & want to take healthcare from 54 million??
How much would your surgery be w/o govt funded healthcare???
Then the @GOP MADE IT EVEN WORSE. You want disabled and elderly WORKING before they get Medicare? INSANE. And CRUEL.
The rules that were put in place after the 2007 financial collapse? The ones designed to prevent bank abuses?
Removing the rule makes it harder for injured employees to win compensation if they don't sue in the first 6 months. SMH
C'mon Man! We are better than this. We deserve better than this baloney about rules harming our economy. Be for the PEOPLE
out of touch GOP make things WORSE for average Americans
each day it becomes apparent that we, your constituents, are at the bottom of the priority list. Lobbyist r us = congress.
American worker!!!!
this is nothing more than vindictiveness and lining the pockets of crooked politicians, big business and to h*ll with the
no, you have it wrong. protect workers/people before profits, what next child labor law repeal? #redtoblue2018
you are going down with the RepublicanTitanic. Stop supporting Trump and get in the lifeboat. NOW
HOPE u vote 4 bill toMorrow. ESPECIALly after watchingPelosi&Biden waving  flags 2taunt Us. compromise &GIT R DONE!!!
How do you look in the mirror and do you remember you oath?
you don't care about the working class. You just keep lining your pocket with corporate money. #resist
You are wrong and are maintaining a harsh partisan stance. Improve the ACA. Do not repel.
I have no doubt that both Isakson and Perdue will go right along with many other Republicans on this and  Gorsuch!
My only regret is that we have to wait until 2026 to be rid of this scourge.
On the bright side, we can vote out Perdue in 2020!!! I can hardly wait!!!
why don't you vote, sir?
are you serious old man?
you and bonehead @sendavidperdue are out of touch with the people you "represent" just read your comments #yallrbothidiots
they represent their financial backers – – period! They are evil and must be removed from office!
The economy did nothing but improve under the ACA. You can't keep lying. We see you.
So why do those who know more than you saying your bs plan will cause more harm?
last time I checked the Obama era pulled us out of a recession and saw steady job growth in its final years #uranidiot
I am not going to be better off after this than I was 3 mnth ago. I was not better off the last time the Rep. pty ran things
That may well be but we in Georgia will not forget how you betrayed us.
I think we see today that we need an independent investigation in to the trump / Russia connection.
thank God, the extra Manila folders to store injury reports must have been KILLING small businesses! /s
Sir, your actions are going to harm many people in Georgia.  Our state government can't cover medical care by itself.
Apparently you don't care for your constituents. Wait till 2018
This is fodder for corporate attorneys that do not want to pay for workplace injuries. Right to work state indeed.
Trying to distract from bigger news about corruption/complicity in GOP leadership?
oh gee thanks. Next time use lube.
Which rules? Do you mean Obama-era rules that pulled us out of a deep recession partially caused by GOP?
And btw, what is your definition of harm? Have you succumbed to alternative facts & missed economic DATA over last 8yrs?
Clearly, you need better staffers who can show you labor stats. 45's tweets aren't facts.
Yes! Those lousy, lazy workers don't need pesky protections. Just erase ALL traces of work incidents so no Corp can get sued
infuriating. I thought #MAGA was supposed to be about standing up for workers
Nah! It was simply about vilifying minorities & immigrants to fool white folk into voting for an  conman.
it certainly is clear to many...but remain amazed at his zealous following 
this new bill is worse and who is watching out for us? You guys let this President play games, lie and destroy and get rich
Yes. Pulling the rug out from under your constituents making our lives much more difficult. What if we need back surgery?
