Do you announce these in Twitter? I've never seen it mentioned prior to seeing this type of tweet.
But I will admit I respect him for fielding questions from all over the state including a good amount from metro atlanta
Convenient of him to thank people on here but not announce it.
Perhaps you should sign up for his news letter so you don't miss the next one
I will now, thanks, but why not announce it on here to get more people to participate.
But next time announce it so more can participate. There are many who have thoughts and would like to be heard.
It was on his website.
Not everyone sees the website. That is why I suggest more communication.
How can one be notified of town hall phone in meetings?
Scroll down, senator! You are NOT representing or serving your constituents! Get "party" out of your head and start thinking "citizens"!
I was unaware that this was happening. 
Vote NO on Trumpcare
Vote NO on rescinding CFPB arbitration rules
Yeah, he tends to let you know about it right when it starts...so by the time you get in line it's too late to have your question answered.
I HOPE you will hear us a stop the insanity. We need better.
Missed it. Is there a transcript?
check here for recording when they process it https://vekeo.com/senatorisakson/ . but you could probably guess the basic points of his answers
Thank you.
@ajc @WSJ @nytimes How dare you tweet after the meeting, and not tweeting to inform Georgians oc this upcoming meeting.
Defund PP
Giving us five hours notice for this townhall meeting is not good
Thanks for listening senator. I hope you can make healthcare better! Don't defund trump care with tax cuts. Current bill is immoral.
This 72 yo, partisan has no concern about the common citizen. His HC, pension covered for the rest of his life. His concern? Nxt election
Few of us have faith that you and your counterparts will do the right thing for Americans and Vets and stop Trumpcare. Prove me wrong.
A phone in town hall meeting where you can screen the phone calls. How about a personal appearance. #ImpeachTrump , #UniversalHealthCare
What? Where was the notice? Or was only for a select few of your people who were picked to not ask you real questions
Thanks for working to repeal ObomaCare.  Really why DJT won...such a disaster...ObomaCare 
Thanks for the heads up Tweet letting Georgia followers know Senator Scaredy Cat. Trump policies against Americans=Yours
Because I had a few things to say that you my have overlooked in my vmails. Vote NO on healthcare
I was on the call. Hold a real town hall. This man is a partisan #coward. Afraid to work across aisle. Afraid to break rank.
Concur.  We were on the call as well.  All softball stuff.
You announce every time you will be on Fox news, but don't announce your supposed telephone town hall?  Publish the recording.
Wow...didn't know that was happening. Where did you publicize this event??
You're so afraid to have a live town hall.  Sad, so sad.
I'm a Georgian and was unaware this was happening.
Sorry I missed it. Get rid of the filibuster. Run the Senate like a majority.REPEAL OBAMACARE
and do an in person Town Hall in Atlanta.
Please be our hero and Vote NO on ACHA.  Georgians need you to be strong for us
Thank you. Now how about an in-person, non-pre-screened-questions meeting that lasts longer than an hour? My question wasn't answered.
But do you really listen?
Heard about it on NPR but couldn't attend.  I appreciate you taking the time, and hope you will do the right thing.
Can I be removed from the town hall things? There's been a mix up of sorts, seeing as I'm from Ohio, rather then Georgia.

June 7 - 5:16 PM - Don Jr. confirms meeting w/ Russian lawyer

June 7 -  9:13 PM Trump promises press conf the…
I appreciate you hearing me out on my opinion that you should impeach now.
Georgia people don't want bipartisanship.  We want conservative policies. People are suffering BECAUSE of Obamacare.
Disappointed I didn't know about this.
Time to stop ignoring what is happening with this administration. There has been blatant lies about ties to Russia. #ImpeachTrump
What are you doing? Seriously. You are useless.
Please be on the right side of history and not the side that has to explain to thousands of Georgians why you didn't save their healthcare!
"I pledge allegiance to the USA flag which it stands, one Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all."
Not Russia
What unannounced phone in? We want an in person town hall. Vote NO NO NO
Excellent use of technology. Thank you.
How often do you have these?
Telephone Town Halls are just paid commercials. #STOPTrumpCare
Wish I had known! @realDonaldTrump  needs to put all of Congress on OCare and it will be immediately replaced with bipartisan support!
I signed up on his website and actually received a call that the thing was starting.
Do not repeal ACA.  It has it's problems but they can be fixed.
No announcement? Figures. Today the huge elephant in the room is - literally. TRUMP & RUSSIAN COLLUSION. But no action from GOP!

Figures!
Very concerned about the collusion with Russian by Trump administration. Hope you are too.
I got a call and so sorry that I had to miss it tonight.  Please vote NO on healthcare. NO weakening Russian sanctions
And you idea is literally to harm sick people, poor people, children and give a tax break to the wealthy.  If it has changed let me know!
Governor Deal has been a road block for insurers since ACA was passed.  Now you blame say ACA is imploding, have nothing meaningful ready(2)
Georgia’s Insurance Commissioner shows the underlying issue that’s causing most of the problems ACA—Republican obstruction. (1)
VOTE NO!!!!!!!!!!
Re: insurance across state lines. GA leg. passed this 2011. In 5 yrs. not one insur. co. has taken us up on this opportunity. Bogus solution
Had there been an open forum I would have attended to ask you to reach across the aisle to get healthcare deal completed.
Very sorry I missed it!
I wish you had tweeted about the call. I would have listened. Please don't repeal ACA. Georgians don't want that Senator. Leave ACA alone.

Yes, basic civil rights. #SaveMedicaid 
Wow . Sure didn't hear about this! NO on healthcare bill. YES to aggressively investigating TRUMP/RUSSIA
You never tweeted that you were having one. Who participated?
Town hall? Were you in town?  I did not see an announcement!  Who was on ...supporters only? This has to stop...you cant hide from voters!
Pathetic coward hiding from Georgia
Do you support Trump's decision to let Lavrov & Kisliak in Oval Office but not any US  press? KINDA SHADY, DONCHA THINK? #treasontuesday
Stand up for this country this is an America first issue not a dam party
I wish there was away to call ya'll back. I ran to the phone when it rang, but couldn't pick up in time. Frustrated.
Same thing happened to me
WHEN will Republicans tell their voters the TRUTH? Judge VERDICT: Aetna LIED about reason for withdrawing from #ACA
Yo! About that selling across straight lines....you know GA has allowed that since 2011 and ACA allowed it right? It doesn't work. NETWORKS
Where was this announced? Vote NO on wealthcare. You can fix ACA without hurting people.
ON VIDEO: CORPORATE REPUBLICANS secretly push through BIG $$$ PHARMA Bill to KEEP drug COSTS HIGH - patients SUFFER.
the ones on this list need help the most not the young & healthy & rich. what wrong with yall? do y'all want them to die without the help?
Loved how you didn't mention the Russia saga as one of the top 3 stories/issues from the last 24-48 hours. You're solid and smooth.
That's one way to avoid a confrontation over your support of GOP healthcare bill with your angry constituents.
WTH? No WONDER Republicans EXPENSIVE "FOR-PROFIT" Healthcare! THEY buy stock & PROFIT off sick /dying patients.
please look out for the disabled and seniors no cuts to Medicaid and social security and those with chronic & preexisting they need it most.
Johnny, I got cut off. Please do not replace. Repeal #Obamacare . Get big government out of our business.
Let me guess, 3 chosen constituents, all trumpkins
pretty much.
You realize that one day you'll have to look folks in the eye and explain why you tried so hard to rip their insurance away?
How'll you answer your grandchildren when they ask what YOU did to defend our democracy during the Trump admin? Standard VA type of answer?
I missed this and that upsets me, because I had some choice words about the Perry VA clinic for you.
He speaks with forked tongue anyway....you'd never get a straight answer out of him.

