 TOWN HALL!!!!!
Oppose Gorsuch
The GOP would have let this seat stay empty 4 years if Clinton was president.
As your constituent, I am very concerned about your willingness to go along with the liar-in-chief's self-serving and dangerous agenda.
Get 60 Votes
Like you worked to confirm Garland?
It's time to remove Russian puppets from our government
Um no. Vote no in Gorsuch!
Nope #StopGorsuch #VoteThemOut #DoYourJob #rememberMerrick
Q is...  are you really wiling to change the rules just to win?  I thought you and Senate had more integrity.
#Georgia #voters Says #GarlandNotGorsuch #RepresentUs & #DoYourJob or be gone #midterms
no its not! stop choosing party over people! Gorsuch is bad for this country!!
You've been bought and paid! You are not representing your people!
it was time to give Merrick Garland a hearing a year ago. You didn't do your jobs. Apologize!
Garland nominated 11 months PRIOR to the end of Obama's term. Given NO hearing! #45 under investigation by FBI!  http://ARE.YOU.KIDDING.ME ?!
@GOP failure to approve a nominee for a year created a constitutional crisis. One branch assassinating another. Shameful.
Wish you gave Merrick Garland at least an audience. Your're loyal to your party more than your constituents
You're not serving my interests!
GA GOP represent a clear & present danger to wealth and well being to all GA's and r to removed from office! @CongressmanHice
should have confirmed Garland. The GOP set a horrible precedent and has undermined democracy
Ues
So if Trump us found in collusion with Russia then what? Stop all hearings until we all know the truth
How do you justify confirming Trump's choice while he is under FBI investigation, but not even considering Garland? Very unprincipled! SAD!
It's time 2 take a breath & realize U have sitting prez. undr multiple investigations 4 Russia collusion. Slow Your Roll #investigatetrump
Your hypocrisy in saying it's time to confirm Gorsuch is astounding! Why didn't u say this about Merrick Garland whose seat u helped steal?
You forgot about honor when last POTUS put forth a good man for SCOTUS. So rule is: GOP only, nobody else? So I won't vote GOP again.
Perhaps you should have fulfilled this responsibility when the qualified Merrick Garland was nominated.  That too would have been "an honor"
Merrick Garland s/have been given a hearing & treated fairly but Wash DC is too political.
president & his administration are under FBI investigation; Gorsuch shouldn't be confirmed. Confirm Garland, nominated by a legitimate pres
It was time to confirm Garland over a year ago
I can't understand why you keep getting re-elected…you continue to mess up the spelling of "Merrick Garland".
Maybe it's prudent to wait until we're sure 45 isn't going to be impeached first...a hasty decision that will last a long time..
I will do all I can to remove GOP GA's from congress . Traitors ! Disgrace to all who have served. Trump is evil !!!! So are U !!
Ran out of Dunce Caps... but, you are one.
Na no President under @fbi investigation should get to appoint a #SCOTUS judge! Impeach Trump!
Keep you ship steady and on course. Let your anchor hold. Liberals have gone crazy these days. Hold to your course... let the heathens rage.
Idiots. Bible says, "In the last days there will be those who will turn everything good upside down." The Duke... is surely one of those.
Stop changing the rules to suit your needs All we want is for confirmations to stop until the investigation of Trump is over Too much to ask
Please help! The rule for being seen at VA clinic is very bad! I live in Blairsville, Ga and there is NO doctor for me their.
I have to go an hour and 20 minutes to Oakwood clinic because of the wording of the VA Rule about distance to nearest VA clinic change it.
Please sir!  40 miles to nearest clinic, I'm 20 minutes to Blairsville Clinic. I can't get choice care because of how it is written.
I am 100% disabled and can't drive. My wife has to take me everywhere and it is hard on her.
NO! DON'T DO IT! STOP THE DESTRUCTION OF DEMOCRACY!! #StopGorsuch #Resist#MerickGarland #STOLEN
The democrats must be stopped! Obama and Hillary tried to destroy America!
Confirm Gorsuch!
Absolutely agree 100%! The sooner the better!
Time to confirm Garland. 
No it's not!
Thank you for doing the right thing. Kudos to you and Perdue.
Confirm Judge Gorsuch!!! Do not allow the liberals to stop his confirmation!!!  Whatever it takes, don't let them win!! Confirm Gorsuch!!!
YOU TWO ARE NOT LISTENING TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS! @SenatorIsakson, you disappoint me so very much.
@sendavidperdue, you do not surprise me.
what happened to Merrick Garland?
It's time to confirm Merrick Garland. Remember him, the highly qualified candidate that the GOP would not consider since 44 nominated him?
Not when you wouldn't even give Garland a hearing.
NO. We shouldn't be appointing anyone to lifelong positions while the sitting President is on trial!
Vote no. Gorsuch has no respect for women's health care. He didn't answer basic questions abt being non partisan. Too risky. Vote no.
WRONG!
I can't express how disappointed I am in my senators. You guys have a very narrow mind & only represent the richer of your male constituents
Um, no. It's never time to confirm a judge who does not value women, PoC, Americans w disabilities, equality, or simple human rights.
twitter response tally so far 47 - no.  3 - yes - doesn't include 'likes'
Where was your op-ed about judge Garland, or do only republicans get to nominate Supreme Court justices?
2 words, Merrick Garland. Otherwise GO AWAY. #StopGorsuch
Merrick Garland? Does that name ring a bell??
do your state a favor and resign...GA is tired of y'all #bye #letthedoorhituonthewayout
I'm 100% sure this is what the Dems said about Garland, & their POTUS wasn't caught colluding w/ Russia!
You reap what you sow, old man. What will your legacy be? Destruction of USA democracy for a megalomaniac?
Confirming him insures corporations will be able to buy influence, including the actual writting of bills you vote for based on donations
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland. You hypocrites have destroyed our democracy
BOTH judges are qualified. Hwvr u do nt have the votes, there4 u lose ur judge 2. Even! Don't break the rules ur constituents will remember.
Unprecedented 
president under FBI investigation. 

Merrick Garland is a name that will haunt you!
GOP Senators should be very ashamed of themselves for not even speaking to one of their own...Merrick Garland who was more than qualified.
If you're corporation, arbitration agreements & like to pollute this is your judge. He has a problem with women's vaginas
He will be a horrible judge and will affect law in this country for 40 years
No Sir, Not while Trump is under FBI investigation for collusion with Russian that sabotaged the elections. Don't you care about democracy?
Perhaps you should have fulfilled this responsibility when the qualified Merrick Garland was nominated.  That too would have been "an honor"
No ,it's not. My priorities don't seem to matter to you or him.
Thanks for tweeting. No vote for you. Time for your replacement.
How many calls did u get opposing DeVos? U should listen to constituents!
Hey, maybe wait a year, then confirm him. What’s the hurry?
It's past time to vote you out. 2022 can't come soon enough. & where was your call for time when #Garland was nominated? #GOPhypocrite
It's time to replace Perdue and you with members who do not support a treasonous president and will represent Georgia.
You didn't put partisan politics aside to even provide a hearing for Garland. More, this is continuing that game. Show some integrity, here.
Thank you Senator Isakson for doing the RIGHT thing!!
Nope
Is your sec reading this to you?
Garland had not even a meeting.
Press is under FBI investigation.
No, you need to GO
You're crazy. He doesn't have 60 votes. Find another candidate. #MerrickGarland
All you care about is getting a "conservative" on the Supreme Court. #shameonyou for denying Garland even the decency of a hearing.
#SCOTUS should not have personal agendas.Many so-called "conservative" judges just want to deny rights to Americans due to religious beliefs
#WeObject to @GorsuchFacts putting corporations over people #FrozenTrucker
Why would anyone spend $25m on ads for Gorsuch? Not normal - shady biz -
Really?  BS!  You had the opportunity with Judge Garland and passed.  You and all of your GOP party lackeys are a bunch of hypocrites!
IE. Prince is Betsy DeVos' brother:a person who has no biz leading DOE stop
can you tell me why Merric Garland wasn't even given a hearing?
do you read any news? New Ru connection to Trump every day -  in crisis!
No - reveal your call tallies -pls be transparent with your constituents
Not before Merrick Garland receives a hearing and a vote!
Nope. Time to replace you and Perdue with senators that don't support a corrupt, treasonous administration that is selling out USA.
Vote for me in 2020 and make Perdue a 1 term senator
It's a no brainer. Needs to be done. Thank you.
Wrong. If a nominee cannot get the 60 votes necessary, there should be a new nominee. You will come to regret destroying the institution.
No!
It's time to get rid of you and Perdue and anyone else supporting this shady af, probably treasonous, administration.
You weren't in any hurry last year.
Sure, just as soon as you vote on Merrick Garland
It's time to confirm Merrick Garland. You did wrong, and should be ashamed of yourselves. History will not remember you well.
Frozen trucker ruling was a shameful...Gorsuch does not belong on the Supreme Court! No Gorsuch
Funny how you have time for this, but Perdue doesn't have time for his constituents. Gorsuch is bad for the people #AlphonseMaddin
Yes, #confirmgorsuch
the country you’d be calling for this. But you don’t. You’re another soulless GOP shill.
No, it’s time to remove the corrupt, foreign colluding administration. If you cared about

Can't hear you with that Cheeto in your mouth
