Yeah, still waiting on the Russian ties and hacking proof#foolishliberal
I have an open mind. Show me the proof.
So, you have all this proof, but can't give me a reputable source?
the US Intelligence Community, dumbshit! And they are just waiting for the right time...
Lol.
and the oscars.
left makes up stories about Trump/Russia assume Russia gave wrong envelope at oscars.
didn't realize you were part of new left wing socialist DNC. My profile will tell u I block LWSDNC
If Trump is so concerned about violence,Why did he sign into law gun bill for mentally ill allowing them to buy?
2nd amendment. You know how you throw that 1st amendment around. Same thing. Let that sink in.
I denounce the #fakepresident for being an insane, lying, megalomaniac, hell bent on destroying the Constitution
lol
A bunch of old white guys touting "promises" that'll never happen just to get their pic on Twitter.
that's all you got after Trump messed the left up again?
um a lot of Georgians like myself are appalled by what has happened within the past 30 days.
move to Canada
Start with transparency! Reveal his taxes, Yes!  Investigate re:Russia, Yes!
basically I follow this twitter to see who to call about their stupid bills
I especially liked the part where he released his tax returns.
#POTUS has agenda that we the ppl have been waiting for #GOP to deliver for years.So #Congress get to work!#MAGA

Benny from LA Law? I wondered what happened to him. How'd he get elected? Is there a district dumber than Benny?
always name calling when left socialist DNC gets ran out of building or no show You have no party
- did you just stare at the Ark of the Covenant or something? I mean, your entire face is melting, Dude.
typical left socialist. Trump back u in a hole tonight and making fun of people is all you got.
have you noticed what he has done? Drove up unemployment in Washington and he's headed for this state of GA next
Will the Dems & SF's ever get tired of the BS they engage in? So many Dem lies so little interest! #MAGA
Thus @SenatorIsakson doubles down on supporting the corrupt and treasonous Trump administration. #Trumprussia #investigatetrump
he hasn't really fulfilled a damn thing and its obvious your are full of already processed food.
You suck as a senator
well done
not sure there is another party to fight against. Trump put TKO on left socialist DNC tonight.
I love how they think that if they keep sending "a special message from Republicans " that we'll like Trump more
keep yourstupid tacticsof hate, riots and talk about your socialist agenda. Will b2018 win forTrump
he broke the law so you applaud him. Do you know the Constitution?
do something good for once and get trump to start his new legacy #resignunder100days
trump is a dick taker trying to be a dictator this isn't fake news russia has the pictures to prove it
xenophobic racist hatred is NOT representative of who we are!
how does it feel to be Trump's puppy dog? #BrandNewCongress #CongressDoYourJob #TaxReturns #Russia
Excellent!!
what about the clean drinking water act???
you talk about clean water put your party left flint mi to die. Taking out of both sides of yourmouth
glad all these gross old white folks feel so uplifted.
that's all you got after your party took it on chin again?
and yet another Republican hack
.@WhiteHouse @SenatorIsakson Thank you, sir.  As a constituent I appreciate your support of #PresidentTrump, he is our voice!  #GodBless
his promises were to do things that are illegal and/or unconstitutional.  Where should we start? Pick one...
might want to get a backbone and support the people or you can count down to election day and unemployment.
This joys my heart.
by taking our health care, our ability to organize, poisoning our air and water? Pardon me I am confused.
another old white fatso
Now, go ahead and get to work. Support my President!!
Also my state woot woot

sounds very good to us
I am a GA Girl with 3 sons-counting on you 2 keep the faith and the promises that @realDonaldTrump made #WeR4U

we support you to lend President Trump support needed as we support President Trump here in Georgia.
What you two have already done is HURTING hardworking Georgians.  Meet with us, Johnny!
TkU @SenatorIsakson for standing up for Americans @POTUS efforts to #MAGA
time to unfollow. What a bore.
Please name just one promise Trump fulfilled that is beneficial to the average American!
good! U can pick up his brats' jetsetting tab. We would rather have healthcare instead of paying for 3 WHs
He is NOT working for me. And neither are you. Neither of you are working for the MAJORITY.
You don't plan to run again, do you?
Like picking DeVos who disrespected Morehouse, Spellman, Clarke Morris Brown and the other Georgia HBCUs?
, thank you!! Repeal ACA

I love my President 
tell him to release his tax returns, if he were a democrat you'd be screaming for them.
You mine coal in GA? I mean that is the new big job sector right?
LOL
Blech
I like how his neck just blends into his face like that.
I'm a Georgian & I dont want a wall, ICE raids, repeal of ACA nor DeVos dismantling public Ed! Do I count?
, no
BS
where did you dig that fossil up? When will you feature your biggest supporter, #DavidDuke ?
me on the #JointBSAddress toned down #alternativeFacts its BS #lockHimUp
another old white guy.
it is true there is one born every minute.... #JointAddress #AddressToCongress
Enough BS
Show us your taxes. Let's get to the bottom of #TRUMPRUSSIA
HAHAHAHA! Grip at everything you can for Cheetolini's EGO.  CA doesn't care about GA. LMFAO!  Sad!
* killed health care
* killed consumer protection
* killed enviro protection
* Tried to kill Free Press. Failed
How many CLOWNS does this circus have, cause they sure are coming out of the woodwork!
How about his promise to release his tax returns?
Trump made that money as a private citizen. Why is it any of your business?
every single one of you look like you belong on the sec offender register!
Yes, it was a POLISHED turd of a speech... better than expected, and good by DT standards.
#trumprussia #trumptaxes
BRAVO!!! Great to hear!
thank you for supporting the average American people
RUBBISH
campaign promises that were hateful xenophobic and divisive with a nicer tone...Do Your jobs fix stuff
His promise to bankrupt American by building a useless wall, you're okay with that.
oh & paying to detain them in prison & providing santuary in our liberal states is free? Shutup
Exactly what the American people want to hear.  Thank you.
HE HAS NOT FULFILLED ANY PROMISE! Signing EO's does not do that. Results do that!
Colleen go to bed. Nobody wants to hear from you.
Michelle go to bed. Nobody wants to hear from you. Truth hurts doesn't it?
colleen you would know. Quit crying & go to bed. SAD for you
Not crying. Nothing I said was untrue,. Try taking a civics class since you don't understand !
You must be up for re-election soon.
great speech tonight let's all hope this is the true start of a great state for the USA.
are you going to ask @POTUS why he continuously lies about voter fraud?
11m illegals in CA who r issued licenses & auto registers to vote. DOJ please investigate
Dont let liberal discouragement stop you @realDonaldTrump. It's time they earn a living, not sit and collect one

Georgia is in America bro. Explain the distinction if there is one.
you're a straight white male. I think you'll be OK.
So proud of our President! 
You must mean the Georgia in Russia. #Putinspuppet #Russi
Make it happen by supporting the plan!!
who are all these old white guys in suits?
We love our President Trump / Pence MAGA Praying always for you all God bless you Thanks
A promise of division! That, I agree with you 1 billion per cent!
All these canned response tweets from @Whitehouse just demonstrate how false the message is
Will you apologize when he begins to do what he says? Democrats never admit ur Wrong.
Senator, you must have be on some awfully POWERFUL medication. #JointAddress

thank you
