So Trump can make more money? How about create jobs 4 clean & renewable energy? I hope u lose your seat #NoKXL
I thought you cared about the environment, and acknowledged our affect on it. Disappointing to see you follow the money.
I beg you to reconsider this. The vast majority of Americans are against it. Your constituents too. Bad for earth, future.
I am your constituent and I think the KXL is an atrocity that must be stopped.
but are your constituents glad? They don't sound that way...
this will destroy our enviromnent and we can never restore it again and endanger americans water as well as wildlife
why are you happy about this? Just another reason you should be voted out.
As your constituent, I'm disappointed. As a human, I'm disgusted. Financial gains should NOT outweigh safety & rights #NoKXL
NO XL, NO DeVos!
agree but im afraid pence has voted othereise
I met you 15 years ago when you were my congressmen  and believe you're a good man. What happened to "Rock the Boat Johnny?"
Its all good until they want to take your land.
Thanks for your service, but some of your constituents aren't so happy about this. Can we talk? #townhallmeeting
as one of your constituents, I DO NOT support this move. We have to prioritize our environmental resources.
Sir Your support of the xl pipeline embodies short sightedness and blatant disregard for the environment. Please reconsider.
u have lost this one vote mine ehen it is time 4 reelection
#NoDAPL  #NoBanNoWall Please help make America sane again.
Put it in your backyard
This is in direct conflict of the will of those you represent. You serve as our voice. Act like it and stand against this.
Your constituents are not glad at all, so please think of us. #NoDAPL
If a spill occurs into the Ogallala aquifer it would poison drinking water for a multi-state area. Not a good thing!
Why excited? So @POTUS can line his pockets further?
fossil fuel is not the future. Also pipelines break and leak all the time. #waterislife
I am appalled by this decision.
please note NO to #DAPL #NoDAPL
Oil isn't future and climate change is real. As a Georgia constituent, I am disappointed to hear this. Please reconsider.
We shut down an oil pipeline extension in GA so WTF would you support ruining another state's natural resources??
not completion but another major spill in our heart land  distorting farms wild life  lives #resist
WHY DO YOU so called representatives go against wishes of Americans?
the people haven been saying no. Why do you insist on ignoring us?
You can't drink or breathe oil or money. There is no planet B. We should be investing in alternate energy sources!
I'm a Georgia voter, and I am not happy with this
after hundreds of yrs of trampling on the rights, lands, and culture of Native Americans, I wish you'd listen to their cries
Not at the expense of American Indians. I will remember this when voting. #GAVoters
You're not listening to your constituents.  We do not want this!
creating this pipeline will have terrible effects on our rivers. That's backwards thinking. #NoDAPL #ClimateChangeIsReal
as of Jan25th 1:24pm est 43 of 43 of your constituents replying do not agree and ask why you do #representGAplease
Why?Canadian pipeline,Canadian jobs,our country at risk to send oil to China.. so why is my Senator supporting this?
Just bc Trump tries to silence EPA doesn't mean KXL wouldn't be harmful to the environment! Get in touch with voter base!
How does this represent GA interests? Just bc Trump pretends climate change isn't an issue doesn't make it true! #NoKXL
this is a disgrace. you are NOT representing your constituents !!! we have our eyes on you johnny !!!!
Old energy/disrespecting Native Peoples is not the way. As one of your constituents, I'm disappointed to hear your stance.
no. This is not okay. I expect you to stand up to our prez & stand up for the Standing Rock Sioux tribe.
moreover, this is a crappy short term payout when we need revolutionary ideas to resolve our future energy issues.
Why are you excited? Why don't you support clean water?
Additionally, @SenatorIsakson, I oppose breaking treaties with native Americans. Our word should be gold. Sincerley, a #georgiavoter
With all due respect, @SenatorIsakson a very large % of nonbillionaires oppose this pipeline & demand investment in renewable energy sources
Our water and air can't afford new pipelines. The jobs are small and not permanent. Old energy is not the future.
This is wrong! Many women from your district Marched on Sat. We are fighting for our children's future. Moms never give up!
You apparently care about big oil profits rather than clean water and climate change. Shame.
Disappointed in you and your support of Pres EX Order on XL pipeline. Shows you must not care about our children's future.
XL pipeline will have only a few and temporary jobs at great impact to environment/climate change. NO XL!
Many in your State  care about the environment, climate change and children's future! NO XL
As a lifelong GA resident I'm ashamed that you would not value the land as God blessed you with.
His stmt is a lie. This is a Canadian co, Canadian oil, Canadian profits & will be exported. Fight back on this.
Flood his phone & demand an election invst into Trump's voter fraud claims. Demand he address it.
Oil money burning a hole in your pocket?
Does he still own stock in co building it? Don't know about conflicts b/c haven't seen taxes. Please ask him to release
why though?
Yes, please explain why KXL is important to you and your constituents?! As a GA resident, I say #NoKXL
.@SenatorIsakson will you be as glad when it spills oil into our nation's water supply (again)? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_pipeline_accidents_in_the_United_States_in_the_21st_century?oldformat=true … #NoKXL
are you glad he owns shares in Energy Transfer Partners? Do you too? No eminent domain for private gain.
40 permanent jobs. Yay.
U.S. Chamber of Commerce: More than 245,000 long-term jobs would be created in the U.S. by #KXL. 

