vote no@on devos
Please Vote no to DeVos. I am your constituent and a voter. Parties don't matter on this, our kids do. #devos
you won't listen to us anyway. There is a reason Geor
gians are upset. You NEED to listen!! #YouWillNotBeReelected
like email and phone, social media is also a public record and form of communication. Vote #NoOnDeVos
It's busy because we were begging you NOT to vote for DeVos. #NeverForget
Vote NO on De Vos! The future of the US depends on it. It's time to put your country ahead of your own self interests.
I guess it doesn't matter since you didn't listen to us anyway. You are a total and complete sell out. #PartybeforeCountry
#NOonDevos  PICK UP your phone.  We are WATCHING U
Please represent your constituents. Party over people continues to divide country. We don't want Betsy DeVos! Please listen.

Same old, knuckle-dragging south, holding us back for 160 years.
Yeah and get a worthless canned answer.
This VM debacle is because people are pissed and outraged and trying to reach you!
- are you actually listening to Georgia and what they want?  I'm sure they are not calling to approve of Devos. Vote NO!
We all know you just ignore emails. Listen to your voicemails; that will open up space. You can't hide from yr constituents.
Thanks for listening to our calls and emails. Looking forward to seeing you out of the senate. Can't come soon enough.
It seems that you didn't listen to all your constituents asking you to vote "NO" on DeVos!
Please say no on Betsy DeVos.
I emailed you through your website and got no response.  Please vote no to DeVos. #noDevos
how about addressing the fact that i am polite and your staff is rude to me and tells my opinion is not welcome
#demoralizedbydevos
When is your next Town Hall?  I want to ask you to your face why you blatantly ignored the wishes of your constituents
. For our childrens sake..vote no to Betsy DeVos. She she unqualified. Zip code 30039. Voting constituent 2018.
.@SenatorIsakson Im a voter in your district & along w/ thousands & thousands we #OpposeDeVos! B a Rep that does the right thing #NOonDeVos
Still no answer and voice mail is full.
as an APS parent of two please do what you know is right and vote no on devos
Thank you sir. Please do the right thing and vote no on #DeVos.
Listen to the people you were elected to represent, vote NO on DeVos
VOTE #NoBetsyDeVos  I watched her hearings. INCOMPETENT, Unqualified Pay for Play. SAY NO and protect our children
you sold our children out to the  highest bidder!
that's good your phones are being shut down! DO NOT VOTE FOR HER! #NoonDeVos
how do the people get a record of what the people are emailing and calling about? What are the people saying to you?
You obviously did not listen to your messages, Senator. Georgians were imploring you to reject @BetsyDeVos .
.@SenatorIsakson Please Vote #NOonDeVos for secretary of education, she is unqualified for the position! #OpposeDeVos! #devos
please vote NO for DeVos tmrw. She is not a friend to public schools and has no exposure or experience. Forget party lines.
Wish I could be proud of state reps @SenatorIsakson @sendavidperdue but not when choosing party & $ over children's education. #DeVosvote
Please consider ALL the children- DeVos won't include special needs- VOTE NO TO DEVOS
just vote NO on Devos!
empty your voicemail box and listen to your constituents who overwhelmingly say #noDevos #noSessions.
If you'd really like to hear what i have to say, how about cleaning out your mailbox?  Thanks!
do NOT vote for a woman who has no clue what IDEA is, reelection is not promised to anyone who votes for DeVos.
how could you support @BetsyDeVos ???
please vote no on DeVos!!! From a 20 year veteran special education teacher!!
Very frustrating to not get through!
you WILL be remembered by this vote.
I am a Georgia teacher asking you to PLEASE vote NO to DeVos. We must put our children before politics.
I wonder if High call volume is due to your constituents' concern you aren't listening to them and voting NO on Devos? 
GA resident here, urging you to vote no on Devos confirmation. Thanks!
please vote NO to DeVos! She is not qualified! Please listen to the people you serve. This is how we want you to vote!
emailed and got no response. And your staffers are threatening citizens with arrest when they come to your office. Sad!
#DeVos has zero knowledge of public ed- Never worked in or attended public schools. Vote No!
The high call volume are your constituents asking you to VOTE NO on DeVOS!!! Will you listen?? #zip30338
Please represent your constituents from GA & NOT vote for Betsy DeVos. GA voted DOWN amend in Nov that would hurt Public Ed
Don't be a coward - vote no on DeVos!!
A longtime GA educator urges you to vote against DeVos. We need someone who will improve our schools not undermine them.
No Betsy, cause school choice, voucher, charter school ideas are only to fund white kids private ed via the taxpayer
I have emailed facebook etc. Do not vote devos for sec of ED. Read email and fb. U in FL too?
#dumpdevos #savzip30120 Bad for students. Bad for schools. Bad for business. Bad for everyone!
Your constituents of Metro Atlanta want a town hall meeting in Metro Atlanta
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos.  I am a parent, resident, voter and teacher.  I am concerned about her qualifications
Please do not support nomination of Betsy Devos.
lol just put on the voice don't call us we'll call you.

PLEASE VOTE #NO ON DEVOS!!! LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS!!! SHE IS UNQUALIFIED!! #OpposeDeVos #countrybeforeparty
I spoke to a really nice young man named Gus.  He deserves a raise.
#dumpdevos #sav #zip30319 Bad for kids. Bad for schools. Bad for business. Bad for the future is America!
Time to RISE UP with the @AtlantaFalcons and vote NO for Betsy DeVos as GA wants you to. I have a Voice. I have a Vote.
Wow all that office staff and you cannot listen to your voicemail.  What are my tax dollars paying for?@SenatorIsakson
Reject Betsy DeVos!!!
Vote no on Devos.
dude, check your voicemail already. I left you a sweet one. #dumpdevos #banbannon #sacksessions
why bother trying to contact you? No response! VOTE NO ON DEVOS.  The people you work for demand it! Are you are LISTENING?
I contact you because I feel that you will listen. Please prove me right. #nodevos
Ban = very bad for business, Bad for our ideals as a country.  Statue of Liberty poem: Lady Liberty = "Mother of All Exiles"
the message is the same NO on DeVos  NO on Sessions
You can't use your phones because we are all letting you know how upset we are re:TheBan.  Listen to your constituents.
MY REPUBLICAN School administrator in GA is against #Devos!! Vote NO!
Nice try, but we are going to keep calling until we have some assurance that you are representing your constituents.
As a public school teacher in Georgia, I cannot support you if you support Devos!
My vote for you will be no if DeVos is yes.  Listen to us.  She is not qualified.
I am a constituent. 30066.  Public ed took my family from the factory to MA'S, MBA'S an MD.  NO ON DeVOS! For the kids!
NO ON DeVOS!!!!
Please do not confirm Becky Devos
start listening to your constituents and we'll stop calling!
Offering to hand-hold DeVos means that you know she's unqualified to do the job. Doesn't know pub. Ed law.  Bad choice.
vote NO to DeVos.
vote no on Devos. We need experience to help us improve public schools in Georgia!
all these calls are telling you to say #NotoDeVos. Listen to your constituents, senator.
Do what is right for GA kids Vote NO to #devos Drain the swamp of this terrible unqualified nominee #notopaytoplaypolitics
so are you going to listen  and vote no on @BetsyDeVos we are all watching Mr. Isakson
Question is, are you going to listen?
.@SenatorIsakson I just tried both your local and DC offices.  The voicemails are still not working.
.@SenatorIsakson You spoke to my #UGA polisci class as a young congressman. Wondering now what that sincere leader would think of you today.
Please, please vote no for DeVos!
- disappointing to say the least. We should be heard. Devos is not good for GA schools/children. Please reconsider vote.
Vote #noDevos Her response to your question was not adequate! Unqualified! Listen to your voters!
after the voting!!
Sir, I did email you.  Do you read the emails, or does some poor office worker do it for you?  Vote NO on Betsy DeVos!
, I have called and emailed, so now I'll ask you here: please vote no on Devos.
Please vote no on DeVos. We can do better for GA schools and students!
Please represent the parents and teachers of Georgia and vote No on DeVos. #VoteNoDevos
please tie against the confirmation of Betsy Devoes. She is not qualified to speak for  the public school system.
.@SenatorIsakson our calls will become thank yous if you listen to GA's educators (like my mom) & vote no on #DeVos. They deserve better.
.@SenatorIsakson constituents over party, sir. Please represent US- not just the GOP. #noDeVos #nopaytoplaypolitics
agree #noDevos EVER!!
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi Protesters,Constituents watching Nominees Hearings,are NOT pleased R's violating Vetting Process.
DeVos is not a qualified candidate, you are my representative, please acknowledge our calls for what they are-a cry for help
also need you to make clear your position on efforts to destroy Johnson Amendment by @realDonaldTrump.
Please, Senator, stand for what's right. Object Betsy Devos's nomination. You have the power to help so many. Fight this.
Power granted to you by the people. People you refuse to hear. Set up a 2nd line! This is unacceptable.
are y'all taking a 3 day weekend?  Apparently you didn't get my message - NO on DeVos and Sessions.
Just show up for your constituents during the recess.   Problem  Solved!
Reject DeVos, she is unqualified! 90% of our children in this nation attend public schools and they deserve better!
@FBI this "voice mail" issue is a match to likely other compromisation activities we are documenting to @FTC @SenatorIsakson
we seek immediate felony criminal charges related to public corruption between @DARPA and @repdavidscott's office. @SecretService
will you vote no on DeVos on Monday? will you stand up for the children in our state or will you let them all down?
You could be the deciding vote! Please #VoteNoDevos
your lines are crowded with constituents begging you to VOTE NO ON BETSY DEVOS. Please listen.
Vote no to #Devos.  Also #representGAplease
all you have to do is tweet that you won't support DeVos and the calls will decrease
How about listening to the voicemails to free up some space so that we can leave more. Vote NO on DeVos!!!
been calling for days. Went to atl office CLOSE. #noDevos EVER
Thank you for letting us know. That being said, could you please vote no on #BetsyDeVos nom? My vote depends on it.
2/6/17 will be the day this becomes our slogan
“I’m going to work to make sure where she is short in knowledge as secretary ..to give her that knowledge,”  or just vote NO
start realizing that your constituents DO NOT AGREE WITH YOU and the volume may decrease
Betsy DeVos is under qualified, interested only in promoting school choice, a non-solution for the poor, rural, many others.
WHY you are voting for #DeVos despite GA's 20pt margin vote against for-profit charters. Whose interests are you serving?!
please stop insulting our inteligences with the fake phone issues, you know what we calling about
just vote no on DeVos, you know the high call volume is for.  Be our voice , put us over party
don't you get it?! Your phone lines are tied up because we want you to #saynotodevos ! Whose interests are you serving?!
HAS NOT LISTENED TO GAEDUCATORSConfirmed he will vote yes based on "a letter she wrote him"
we will take him down with trump. He follows not leads. Never let him back in. He needs to go.
I have sent emails. Quite a few. I've had no response. I wanted to get an idea where you stand on DeVos. #noDevos
vote NO on DeVos
Your seat is locked down, but I will vote against every other Republican until the Lockstep Party shows common sense.
his seat is only locked down until 2018. he will be out.
you can always check your replies and see us asking you to vote no on DeVos.
What are you doing in Manhattan?
Liar: you don't believe in Advise & Consent when the president is a Democrat. Your response to me was bogus.
With number of calls, how can u rubber stamp these confirmations? Your constituents r telling you what they want. LISTEN!
You could eliminate a lot of calls by voting No to DeVos.
please provide data on how many calls/ emails you get for/ against DeVos, thanks!
why are the call volumes so high, Johnny?  And what are you doing about it?
No to DeVos. She is not the advocate for public education we need.
Well you KNOW why we are calling! #Devos #Resist Do the RIGHT thing, Senator! We can't get through but YOU KNOW WHAT WE WANT
#NoOnDevos!!!!!
Just hold firm in your support of Trump's nominees and agenda. We have your back in Georgia.
Haha! At first I was confused but then I realized this must be sarcasm. Good joke!
Or you could listen to your constituents, clear your voicemail, and continue speaking to us.
you can make it up to us by investigating potus and Russia and voting no on devos
Nope! We will continue to call. We know you do not answer your emails. Vote "No" on @BetsyDeVos!
YES TO DEVOS!!!
What will your legacy be? Will you be remembered as a champion of public education like Zell Miller? Vote no on DeVos!!
just trying to call and voice my opinion as a voter in GA...NO TO DEVOS!!!!
Thank you for the info. I emailed yesterday asking you to pls reconsider your position on DeVos and vote NO. Take a stand!
Hey! I know what will solve the problem! DO WHAT THE CALLERS WANT YOU TO DO. Reject DeVos!
agree no on DEVOS. #noDevos
did SarahAnn get too frustrated to answer our calls?
Do you actually read our emails? There is common consensus that emails to Congressfolk go in the circular file.
Clearly, the VM and calls aren't having an impact...only our votes will. Don't worry, we have long memories!
really long memories!!
@ajc Email: the least effective form of communication. No thanks, I'll keep calling. When is your next town hall?
Do the right thing..no on DeVos..at least show you care about kids
