Ugh - do you think your constituents don't have the intelligence to understand that this tax plan is only good for corps and 1%? Pls resign.
How about you senators keep your promises and send some bills to the president?  You do not have my vote, you have done nothing to earn it.
No. We don’t believe the initial reports of how this will work. Don’t care about the 1% and don’t buy into trickle down.
I call bullshit.
Something has to be done.
Republican Senator. Maybe Trump should have accepted when Khizr Khan offered to lend his copy of the Constitution... https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7ASv_z6fUzk … https://twitter.com/bensasse/status/918296123269189632 …
This plan is VERY similar to Kansas Gov. Brownback's tax reforms. That plan wrecked the state & forced Rs to raise taxes to fix the mess!
I agree. Closing loopholes for corporations & bringing tax rates for the top 1% in line with other developed nations would be great #TaxReform. It'd allow us to address our flagging infrastructure, education system, & offer more healthcare options for your citizens. @SenSanders
He meant #TaxReform as is keeping money in his and his donors pockets.
Oh I know what he meant. My goal is to try and teach him a different definition for #TaxReform other than stuffing his donors wallets via #trickledown  . 
I mean he just doesn't know better, otherwise he wouldn't be out to economically damage most of his constituents. Right?
Who needs tax reform when we all could be dead - Could you please grow a pair and stand up to #45 like your colleague @SenBobCorker?
I respectfully disagree Senator.
Fairtax
How's that after you take away my state, city tax deductions. Oh how's that after you take away Medicare from Georgians
From a single mom: take your tax reform & shove it. You already cut my job outlook by impending public health cuts. You're bleeding me dry.
For the 1%ers. :(
Corporate after-tax profits are at historic highs. This is an excuse to shift more of the tax burden to the poor/middle class.
You are aiming to star another #RepublicanRecession.
100k's of people in PR still w/o basic svcs, and POTUS wants to kill healthcare & 1st Am. Maybe focus on American government working first?
Please research what happened to Kansas.
Stop enabling.     #gapol.
If you call yourself a conservative and deny that you’d freak out if a Democratic POTUS said anything like this, pick a new label, please. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/918267396493922304 …
So, you are willing to risk an unstable president sending us to nuclear war so you can pass a tax bill to benefit the rich? #GOPPriorities

Your only hope to save your reputation is to stop blindly agreeing with Trump and his ridiculous agenda.
Yes, but in the wrong people's pockets. Don't you think it best to help people rather than make them worse off? Who benefits long run?
And the deficit will do what, exactly?
Sad you are just pathetic. You know damn well it lowers middle class deductions and gives the richest cuts. #DoYourJob work for us
Waiting, waiting, waiting
And here we are waiting, waiting, waiting,waiting. But what can we expect you only have a few days a year to get the work done. Vacation!
This. Is. A. Boldface. LIE. And. You. Know. It!
Puerto Rico IS home. Help them.
Retire
True reform, maybe yes @SenatorIsakson, but what I'm seeing is #TaxCuts for the rich and little for people like me.
You and Purdue need some testicules. You endorse and "silently" support President Moron no matter how he disgraces USA !
So you don't think it going anywhere?

Fiartax
If it really helps the middle class, but the GOP tax plan helps the 1% and the estate tax relief is for the 1%. Trickle down doesn't work.
Repeal Obamacare. Really.
Bologna! It will make the rich richer and the poor dead!
Who is this "us" you speak of?  From what I have read, it mainly benefits the wealthiest people.  We do need to reform taxes, but fairly.
 "would help" means doesn't help. The top percent get a tax cut while the lowest individual tax has to pay more! You are not doing your job
Saying it’s so STILL DOES NOT make it so!
#GunControl woul help keep Americans from being killed.
Because criminals would turn in their guns?
Your plan makes lower and middle class families pay more in taxes to give billions to the top 1%. 
Ain’t gonna help in my home.
Maybe Koch’s
Senator, I am one of your constituents and for a 2nd time, here’s my question: what’s in this tax cut for a family making about 100k a year?
He won’t answer, so here ya go:
Thanks for sharing the link. No wonder both my senators are refusing to answer my simple question on this tax cut they’re pushing so hard.
Give me three good things about you all (none governing Republicancs) tax reform That help the middle class!
Sounds like recycled tax reform that leaves many us middle class ppl footing the bill for ilk like u..no deal
Useless. Was the recession that we just experienced not enough?
C'mon, least be honest about fact only your wealthiest constituents will benefit. At least stop lying to us. I dont think it's 2 much to ask
#simplemath 2 help GA would be to fix the #IncomeInequality gap by raising the capital gains tax to 50% minimum. #TruthHurts
It would help more to raise marginal rates 20% on top bracket instead of the bottom, keep estate tax & tax carried interest at ordinary rate
also gets it. So does 75% of America @SenatorIsakson #WednesdayWisdom
Not if you cut taxes to the rich and corporations
yup, the 1% would be spending their tax windfall on their new homes, while the working men and women pay for it. What a plan. @GalvanizeGA
No!
Stop it Johnny. You're old and not going to run for re-election. YOU can stand up to this pillage of the working class. JUST STOP IT.
Not the current GOP plan.
I mean, unless you're a billionaire.
This isn't going to help Georgians and you know it.
Just resign. You do nothing to help the people of Georgia or the US.
Could also increase the tax burden on the middle class 
Agreed!
Well, that's less cryptic than "mumble-jumble". 

You might want to "reform" the White House first. You helped mess it up. #TrumpTheTerrible
The dims want to continue growing the welfare state 4 votes
Lol
@SenatorIsakson of GEORGIA, The Peach State
