Pray that you will learn to love your brother as the Bible states which I don't think you read very well or truely understand the word.
You should check Matthew 7:12 and, as confirmation of Christ's intent, Luke 6:31. Try following that instead of the GOP's twisted tenets.
And according to this new healthcare bill "Rape" is a pre existing condition! Pray about that one and explain where God is in this bill?
1 John 3:17
Your constituents with pre-existing conditions better be doing a whole lot of praying right now. @Andrea8008135
Good verse. People can use that when they don't have Healthcare anymore. That's a comfort.
Please pray for those you are about to kill by taking away their health care. We're gonna vote your old ass out.
Jesus would be ashamed of you for supporting Trump and his hateful policies. How dare you quote scripture after your own actions.
I agree. How can he quote scripture when he doesn't care about the most vulnerable among us! GA will vote you out.
Unfortunately he just got voted in. Ask him about his preexisting illness? That's the million dollar question.
Oh, they exempted themselves, as they do for many laws. I'm not religious, but I thought a big deal was the golden rule, right, Johnny?
I'm counting on you to vote NO on #ACHA. It's a horrible bill and millions will lose coverage. Only the richest will win in tax cuts. WWJD?
I will rejoice when you lose your seat. Amen! 
Thank you for all of your years of wonderful service to us and especially for following God's direction in the decisions you make.
You represent us. Do NOT support the Healthcare bill. Rape & sexual assault are considered preexisting conditions. Women live in Georgia too
I'm praying for healthcare.
Be the Christian you profess to be...vote no on the healthcare bill or we will remember in 2022.
I'll pray that you have enough sense to vote against this asinine health care bill
Look, kids, it's another #FakeChristian
Pray for everyone who is losing their healthcare.
Canceled ins for many Americans, gave the savings to the mega-rich, and then they celebrated their deeds. Onward Christian soldiers.
You will be meeting your maker soon. Hope you can explain why you voted to hurt the poorest in your state. Otherwise get ready to burn
Republicans 3:16 - Screw poor people with Parkinson's disease and other pre-existing conditions.
Yet you think Jesus was wrong to care for the poor and sick? If yes then tell her to her face. If No then #VoteNoAHCA #Wealthcare
I pray for your health. I also pray for the millions of people who are about to lose health care thanks to your party.
Pray that the rich will have the same difficulty of entering the gates of heaven as a camel passing through the eye of a needle.
Pray for everyone for affordable healthcare for all and not a huge tax break for the rich.
Pray for everyone with pre-existing condition as they will die due to lack of affordable healthcare. That will be on be on you.
Praying everyday that the GOP isn't selling out our beloved democracy to the highest bidder.
When you go before our Lord Jesus Christ, I hope your balance sheet indicates you voted to give millions of Americans health care.
Pray for Health Care Reform.  This is truly urgent!!
How about ur pre-existing illness Johnny? Are u going to vote to let others suffer & die ..while you receive the best care that we pay 4 ?
I pray that we will say goodbye to you in 2020.
"Open thy mouth, judge righteously, and plead the cause of the poor and needy." Proverbs 31:9 #nationaldayofprayer
Fix the existing healthcare, you know it's possible. How about another town hall and take a poll of how you should serve us? #DoYourJob
Keep your prayers for your descendants who'll have to pay the price for your actions if you vote #AHCA. I'm sure one will be poor & affected
My favorite Bible verse is Matthew 19:24. Try reading that book a few more times.
You should pray for forgiveness for your legislative atrocities
Instead of simply praying for those in need, I encourage you to take action to positively affect their lives. Vote no. #AHCA
Matt 25 34-40 "...I was sick and you cared for me..."  I didn't see any exceptions or qualifications. Vote no on this un-christian bill.
Think this will all blow over and we won't remember your vile voting record for the next election or do plan on retiring anyway and just
don't care?
Please vote NO on the #AHCA &do not join @realDonaldTrump in killing millions of children,disabled,elderly Americans.we need u to protect us
Pray for all the Georgians who may lose health care.
'Truly I tell you, whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, you did not do for me.' #VoteNoAHCA
Pray so millions do not loose health insurance through a repeal of the ACA.
Is it election day yet.  WE ARE GOING TO CLEAN HOUSE IN 2018
We will see what kind of man you really are when we see how you vote for the sick and poor on this healthcare bill.  LOL Quoting the bible
You need to get your head out of the Bible and read Trumpcare, all of it!  And it is something that you will use as well, then vote for it
Vote NO on TrumpCare! If you care about Georgians at all, you will do the right thing and vote no.
He won't vote no. He's with trump on everything.  I have no faith in him to do the right thing.
My favorite Bible verse "Do not withhold good from those to whom it is due, when it is in your power to act."proverbs 3:27
Whatsoever you do to the least of my brothers, that you do unto me.  Vote NO on repeal!
Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone.
James 2:17

Please work to protect Americans from Trumpcare

people will die sir
WOW, how do you sleep at night?
Hope you consult the Bible about stewardship & loving thy neighbor as #thyself. You'll be responsible for GA deaths if you vote for #AHCA
Praying is a great personal action. However, prayer will not pay the exorbitant medical bills civilians will face under new healthcare act.
I pray for the 24 MILLION who will lose healthcare if you dont act.
Man up or be a disgrace. Blood will be on your hands.
I pray for the poor. I pray for the sick. I pray for the Lord to open GOP hearts and minds.
Mine? Matthew 25:40. Remember that when you vote on the abomination that is Trumpcare
I'm an atheist and I like Luke 6:31: If you don't want your healthcare taken away, don't take it away from others.
Whoever has world's goods & sees his brother in need & closes his heart against him how does the love of God abide in him?  John 3:17 SHAME!
The Gospel is for the poor and marginalized, not you and your wealthy cohorts. God does not hear you.
I  love that verse as well and have been doing just that with renewed vigor since January 1, 2017.
Work with us now help us clean up America now God bless America
Galatians 2:10 “Only, they asked us to remember the poor, the very thing I was eager to do.”Don't support this FARCE of an insurance program
Pray for everyone losing health care. Thanks buddy.
I especially love it in Mattew 8 when Christ says, "I cannot heal you as you have a pre-existing condition." and let the man stay blind.
Is this the newest version of the GOP health plan? Instead of #RepealAndReplace it's #RepealAndPray?
how can you not see your own hiphopcrisy?
Cause his constituents damn well can!
Stop. Just stop. You may pray, but clearly you don't listen when Jesus speaks.
Yes, you can rejoice you have exempted yourself from insurance caps and loss! How will you answer for what you are doing when God asks?
Pray for the rape victims who will now be a "pre-existing condition" to their healthcare provider. You're sick.
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you, in short screw w/ my liberties& rights& ill screw w/ yours includes you @RepRickAllen
I hope you recognize Atheist Day too
If you support the AHCA do you really think you wont end up in the fire? That bill is evil. #VoteNoAHCA
Hmmm sounds so pius.  I will take away poor people's health care and pray God has mercy on them.  Your actions make mockery of your faith.
My favorite: "Only the rich deserve healthcare, screw everyone else." Oh wait, don't think that aligns with Jesus's message.
Mine's Matthew 6:5. Doesn't quite fit in 140 characters, though.
Hard to rejoice when millions stand to lose healthcare. #ashamedofmysenator
Yes, let's pray for all the people about to lose health care.
Jesus--the hypocrisy won't be lost on you in the end. I pray.
We are thankful for you.  Thank you for supporting our President too!!!
My favorite Bible story was where Jesus told the poor to fend for themselves.  Oh, wait.
Guess my son who was diagnosed with asthma  when he was 3 should start praying that he keeps his insurance coverage!
#TrumpCare is so bad that Congress scumbags want to be exempted of it and want to keep #ACA for themselves.

#VoteNo #ObamaCareHelpedMe
Once you guys strip 24M of healthcare and reimpose lifetime caps even for *employer plans*, prayer may be all we have. Rejoicing? Less.
Donald's favorite verse is Songs 8:8 "We have a little sister, And she has no breasts"
