(3) Refusal to guarantee CSR payments weakens insurance markets and raises costs. Obamacare is not failing, but benefits are being blocked
(4) Please don't support any health policy that does not increase number of people covered, or that provides tax cuts for the wealthy.
(5) Or, if you disagree with those goals (more people insured, no tax cuts for the wealthy), please explain why.
Senator, you know well this is a blame game. Do something! Make it better! And most of all, don't hurt people!
Don't blame this on Obamacare we did not expand Medicaid and you do not stand up for us! Medicare for all is what Trump promised
The ACA has kept this Georgian alive, healthy and working.
How about doing what's right for America? Your partisanship will destroy our country. ACA needs to be tweaked. AHCA is a disaster.
I sent you an email on this very issue. About how it worked/didn't work for me. And about how GOP bill wouldn't help. You ignored it.
Not expanding Medicaid and intentionally subverting the Affordable Care Act has hurt Georgians. And that's on the GOP's lost morality.
They will suffer more under AHCA - massive closure of rural hospitals under the weight of the uninsured - how can you not see this???
Expanding Medicaid would have helped rural hospitals, you knew that.  It's not to late: expand Medicaid.   ACA
You have had 6 years to offer a fix... get it done!
23 million less people will be uninsured based on the CBO with the new bill...federal budget savings is more important than ones health?
23 million americans without health care ? WTF ! Georgians do not buy this sophistry !
Damn, Johnny, you can toe the party line with the best of them. Is this what your church tells you? Screw the poor and reward the rich?
Lies, you did not expand Medicaid and you must control cost drugs and care.
More GOP BS! How does GOP plan help anybody when 23 million lose insurance? Why not give up YOUR health care for this new plan. #healthcare
Ever consider instead of repealing the ADA, you SLAP DOWN the insurance companies who consistently drive up costs and refuse coverage?!?!?!
The GOP held 40+ votes to repeal the ACA. Not once did they suggest improvements. You & your party are responsible for the ACA problems.
Please propose adequate care before trashing ACA.
Ever notice your tweets get <100 likes while @repjohnlewis gets >10k likes? His messages resonate. Your messages do not. Represent us.
How wld U know wht rural GA experiences?  COME OUT OF THE CLOSET! hold #TownHall #Listen 2 us in person!  #TrumpCare uses US 2 fund tax cut!
.The best thing to come of the last 120+ days is the fact that it has become painfully obvious to us all who the GOP really cares about.
Lewis Black was right "Dems:I have a shitty proposal.Repubs: I have a shittier proposal"  Medicare for all! You old fool.
Maybe the governor should have created a state exchange...stop spreading lies!
the promise of AHCA is to fail more Georgians than ever. Improve healthcare for all.
Lies! Not expanding Medicaid is what hurt rural Georgians and hospitals. Obamacare is used by 200,000+ rural Georgians and saved hospitals
Just remove all forms of aid from the poorest parts of our state and let those fuckers figure it out. Amirite? You are the worst.
Yeah because we didn't expand Medicare and take federal money to keep rural hospitals open.
Didn't effect your insurance ,did it?
And you are doing what?  Johhny?  Nothing.  As usual. Lead, follow or retire. #pathetic
Is there no limit to your willingness to use veterans and rural Georgians to mask your commitment to Trump and toxic policies?
Fix it sir don't take it away from people . Can't wait to help vote you out ...
I have insurance thanks to the ACA. My sister does, too. If it weren't for the ACA I'd be in debt, dead, or both.
Then fix the problem areas
 The Republican AHCA will only make things worse. Why don't you work for the country instead of just yourself!
Yes! Let's move to single payer!
Some of us need Obamacare Senator. If it goes away, my family will suffer. If you are willing to meet and hear about it, let me know.
They will suffer more if you vote for that Trump crap #dowhatsright not for party
No. It's the State's refusal to expand Medicaid under the ACA that has hurt Georgians. Tell the truth.
Time to get rid of Obamacare ASAP, my insurance has tripled, un-useable, unaffordable, unreasonable
Yeah, because you didn't expand Medicare, ya dunce. Plans would be costing us HALF as much. You don't care about the anyone but the richest
Over 300,000 Georgians got insurance through Obamacare. GOP made sure that number didn't get bigger by rejecting Medicaid expansion. #gapol
And how will tax cuts for the wealthy help rural communities? Demand Medicaid expansion and fix ACA - allow me to buy MC
Only reason why rural areas in GA are suffering is due to DC incompetence #DoYourJob #ImpeachTrump #TownHall #MedicareForAll
He's taken corporate money. Now he's giving them tax cuts and credits while cutting programs to non-donors. That IS his job.
Maybe you should have worked to make the plan better instead of along with the @GOP sabotaging it, do the job we elected you to do
No. Obstruction and the R's refusal to expand Medicaid has failed Georgians. There's a clear call from voters to FIX the ACA.
Because Gov. Deal refuses to expand Medicaid in Georgia. Stop blaming the ACA and give Georgians real protection.
Just fix ACA, the house plan is awful for my age group 50-64 and doesn't cover preexisting conditions and senate can't come up with better.
So fix it ~ universal health care ~ as long as it's for profit we will always loose
Oh, well let's just replace it with a lot of hot air, whaddya say?
You voted not to let Obamacare come here in full.  You also voted to remove what little we did get ever chance you got.
Were our rural communities better _before_ Obamacare? No.
Thanks to you for undermining the ACA or improving or fixing
How about trying to lower healthcare costs. We pay more than other countries for the same drugs/services.
Johnny you know the Trump admin is actively sabotaging O-care putting thousands of Georgians at risk. Why do you support this sociopath?
Much of the problem in Georgia stems from state GOP's deliberate obstruction.
The GA state legislature failed Georgians on ACA implementation, buddy. Know what you're talking about before piping up.
Before ACA, No insurance After ACA Insurance. Are you fucking nuts?
Promises that were broken by the Reps, try working for Georgians, rural and urban, or not your party? One will get you re-elected, one won't
Indeed, my family in McRae have to travel hours to find an OB/GYN. Obamacare didn't do this. GEORGIA GOP DID THIS.
Sir, you are mistaken. The refusal of GOP Georgian leaders to fund rural Georgia hospitals has been ongoing pre-Obama.  I grew up there.
Georgia Insurance Commissioner has failed, not Obamacare, not ACA.
Atlanta suburbs too! BCBS...no drs taking patients within 100 miles of our metro area county
Also hit hard are very small businesses and those of us in individual markets!  Double digit premium increases each of last 3 years!!
I'm in same  but ACHA won't help - insur cos make too much $ - need to cut them out and allow us to buy into Medicaid
Please appoint someone who knows how to thread a tweet and then get back with me regarding anything of real importance such as healthcare 
You are the one who has failed Georgians time and time again.
Pls put the ppl of GA over money and the GOP. Ocare only failing bc of GOP obstruction.
The promises of Johnny Isakson to work to fix Obamacare continue to be pure lies, just like much of his policies for Georgians.
Damn!  Senator is speaking out of both sides of his mouth ... that seems more a skill for a circus sideshow ... not as an oath of office
Closing hospitals across Georgia really helped. Going to ignore that tho... right?
You don't get to be sanctimonious about this when you're actively working to make it fail. You are the problem.
Not expanding medicade has harmed GA families & rural hospitals.
Thank you!  And the Repubs are sabotaging the ACA....just fix it.  Johnny, You are a waste of a Senator.  Country before party
Not like they would suffer if #TrumpsKillerBudget passed. Why worry about terror attacks when our own representatives are trying to kill us?
Lies. You continually prove that you're no more than a rank & file member of a destructive party that represents share holders over citizens
@SenateGOP Day 124 of lies and obstruction ... for what? A reality TV host offering a dip in the swamp.  Lapdogs are buried w/their master
Wrong. You need to face the facts that GOP obstruction is not serving our country. Bi partisan solutions have always been possoble
