the testimonials from banks is a particularly nice touch in the press release.  Nice to know who you serve. Not ga voters.
Yeah, why the hell do consumers need protection, if it hurts your pockets. REPUBLICA=CROOKS and you prove it everyday.
- good.  It's terrible for the people who vote for you to be protected from predatory corporations. Good looking out.
Good lord. Leave the CFPB alone!
#supportcfpb   CFPB has helped millions of tax payers and many of your constituents. #WellsFargo  created over 2M fake acct
1. I don't begrudge you your millions but your wealth shields you from the realities faced by your constituents.
NOT TRUE. You are trying to castrate consumer protection.....we all see through your silly words. Wondering about you....
can you work with your colleagues to set up in-person town hall meetings?!
No, No, No, CPFB should be independent so your cronies can't influence any disputes.
I support u senator... Though ur truck speed throttle idea is not good.  What about the Northern Arc for ATL?
CFPB  returned $60M to 77,000 service members charged excess interest on student loans by Sallie Mae and Navient
CFPB directed U.S. Bank terminate deceptive auto and installment loans and return $6.5M in hidden fees to military borrowers
4. If a typical Georgia voter makes a $100 contribution to a cause, you can contribute $32,500 just as easily.
needs to be.. we also need to keep the Affordable Care Act to provide coverage for all who want it free and medication cost
plan endorsed by @GABankers @CUNA @AmericanBankers  is not what we mean by looking out for everyday Georgians #Kstreetpayout
let's have a reasonable conversation about this at a town hall that you attend in person.
CFPB ordered Navy Federal Credit Union to pay $28.5M in penalties and refunds for illegal debt-collection tactics
CFPB secured $10M in debt relief for 17,000 servicemembers tricked into taking out high-cost loans for electronics.
6. You may not think a $35 late charge on a bill is a big deal, but if you had to pay $11,325 I expect you would be angry.
5. A $200 monthly car payment to the average Georgian is as much out of their pockets as a $65,000 monthly expense to you.
3. That means that a $2 Starbucks coffee for an ordinary Georgian is equivalent to a $650 meal.
what?! How about working to protect consumers instead!
Sen. Isakson, didn't the CFPB expose recent unethical practices of Wells Fargo?
The CFPB is what keeps big banks accountable. What are you doing to protect your constituents from big banks? #doddfrank
CFPB ordered a major national auto lender return $3.2M  obtained through illegal debt-collection practices to servicemembers
Many of your constituents benefit from CFPB protections. Come meet your people. #townhall
when is your town hall? You work for all of us? #DoYourJob
CFPB helped DoD put teeth into a 10-year-old law setting a 36% interest-rate cap on all consumer loans to servicemembers.
I'm sort of enjoying watching you REPUBLICANS showing your TRUE selves it will be helpful in the next election cycle
7. I hope this helps you understand why ordinary Americans need #CFPB to be strengthened, not gutted.
2. Your net worth of $15 million is approximately 325 times the median net worth in Georgia.
Who will hold banks accountable? Politicians who fill the cabinet with Wall St Execs? Focus on something that will help us
When are you going to be accountable to your constituents and hold a town meeting?!
how about working on an accountable POTUS?
can you call trump and talk some sense into him?
Your colleagues are GOP only, no Democrats? Do you see a problem there? If not, clean your glasses.
The Consumer Bureau is accountable already -- we wish you were!
we need you to be accountable – – who is watching after you? You vile politician sell out, forgetting your constituents!
435 House members and 33 senators are up for re election in November 2018. Vote/donate
Can you work with your constituents to have an in-person #TownHall?
Yeah, I bet the consumers will get screwed on this one. But hey, how about meeting with your constituents?
Do you really think any of your constituents support this? I bet most don't. How about a #townhall to get some feedback?
Leave CFPB and Dodd-Frank alone. Get to work on better healthcare with guaranteed benefits like you have for everyone.
bad idea . Good for Wall Street not us .per usual
so you obviously work for the bank lobby rather than your constituants
Speaking of accountability, please sch a town hall in Metro Atl that u will personally attend. #muchtodiscuss
Accountable to the Banks being "regulated" perhaps, who are contributing bribes to your war chest, perhaps?
How about all of you being accountable to your constituents rather than big $$?!!
Have you noticed that almost every reply youve gotten to every tweet has been negative? You need to listen to us #itsyourjob
CFPB protects consumers! It should not be weakened! Stand up for your constituents - not the financial institutions!
How about just eliminating it and transferring some duties to other exisiting agencies?
LOL! Hold a Town Hall in person. Give up your Healthcare til all GA has coverage! 45 needs to release taxes!
this doesn't protect people. Your a wealthy person you wouldn't understand. #DoYourJob
we are working to make you accountable Senator.
What about DJT's ethical & Russian issues? If HRC was pres y'all would had multiple commissions set up subpoenas flying.
Cease and desist. It has protected us well. That its job. Do your job.
Which is codespeak for make head appointee only, reduce & cap salaries, reduce impact of findings. How is this pro consumer?
#IsaksonTownHall
we need protections from banks and Wall Street. Banks & Wall St doesn't need more power; they need less. Bad idea, senator.
we've seen this movie. Unfettered Wall Street/corps. Haven't American ppl suffered enough since '08. Barely back on our feet
.@SenatorIsakson Your constituents don't want to see it held accountable to banks. Come hold town halls and ask us.
- roses are red, violets are blue. Congress is on recess. Where are you? Town hall. No more hiding.
how about working on being accountable to your constituents by hosting a town hall.
And, will you be meeting with your constituents at a town hall meeting this week? Oh yeah you are too busy for us. SHAME.
Why?  Your banker buddies starting to get uncomfortable with the ppl finding out what they are up to w/ their money 
By all means, give the banks the power to put us in another recession like 2008. #townhall  Mr. Isakson
Senator Isakson, with all due respect, the CFPB helps consumers with numerous issues. Please support CFPB.
Are you and other senators working on  tax reform and repeal and replace of Obamacare?
isn't it supposed to hold Wall Street and corporations  accountable? Why are you gutting our protections?
I'm really confused as to why you continue to ignore your employers. When is your next #TownHall ?
Wait, I think you've got this backwards. You are strengthening the CFPB to keep industry accountable -- right?
I'd feel better about this is the supporters listed weren't almost all bank groups and the cosponsors weren't all Republican
You refer to "the disastrous Dodd-Frank financial regulation". Please leave the CFPB alone. It's fine just as it is.
Bringing it under the federal appropriations process will just make it beholden to all your wall street donors. Stop.
all sponsors are Rs? Your messages of support are from banks, credit unions, and dark money orgs? Don't do this
you mean gut/eliminate the agency meant to protect consumers from a rampant financial industry. #alternativefacts
make it nonexistent
The CFPB makes BANKS accountable! I'd rather our tax money went to IT than bailing out Wall St, OBVIOUSLY. We LIKE the CFPB!
You just want to make an INDEPENDANT PROTECTION AGENCY bend to your will--the will of lobbyests that fill your pockets.
YOU are clearly the one who thinks he doesn't have to have accountability!! WE are your boss! Don't think we won't fire you.
And @sendavidperdue will be kicked out w/ you. We're are absolutely SICK of your nonstop evil. Start packing, coward.
how about being accountable to GA voters by holding a #TownHall
