families have to have education and good healthcare to aquire the means to look out for our interest, u just sqelched that.
and you are ignorant enough to think repealing DF is part of that?  Surely you forget what caused that law to begin with.
This is just another example of less transparency and accountability for banks. This isn't about helping consumers.
You must be joking. Retirement planning MUST be in the retiree's best interest--you just gutted that rule.
but you won't listen to us regarding DeVos, either.
@FBI please investigate @SenatorIsakson role in this, we want felony criminal charges for public corruption.
@FBIAtlanta this tweet appears popular. Please contact @US_OSC for more evidence, we seek immediate felony charges. @FBI @SenatorIsakson
what did isakson do?
ask @FBIAtlanta to do their job for a change.
Completely disagree. I've worked in the industry and it is too easy for advisors to act in their own interest, not clients.
Must be nice to have a pension that we pay for so you don't have to worry about pesky investment advisors.
Here's Sen Manchin's thoughts on Betsy Devos
I've heard from thousands of West Virginians about Betsy #DeVos the last few weeks. Here's what they said: 
.@SenatorIsakson What is your response to the @aarp https://twitter.com/aarp/status/827624563504771072 … ?
Today’s executive order hurts middle class Americans. Investment advice should put people ahead of Wall St https://www.facebook.com/AARPadvocates/posts/10154753191681355 …
This is a straight up lie.
No comments on POTUS' defamation of a federal judge?
and we shouldn't be sold out by advisors looking to get commissions rather than acting in our best interests!
Rule prevents predatory practices that leverage the info gap between advisors and customers! Repeal can only hurt people!
They should also be able to rely on their elected leaders to look out for the best interests of their children. #NoDeVos
advisors should have my interest in mind when providing services not theirs! UN-AMERICAN not to protect consumers.
Agreed, but you are okay with FinAdvisor cheating  them? Most citizens can't afford paid financial advisers.
I've tried to call you and have emailed you. When is your town hall near ATL?
Why do you celebrate the elimination of a rule that requires financial advisors to act in your constituents' best interests?
then KEEP Dodd-Frank!!
when is your next town hall? I am your constituent, stop hiding!
how can we do that if you give away our social security?
We need you to confirm Judge Gursuch. I am a Georgia Resident and I am asking you to. @POTUS @GaRepublicans pls.
Words that have strong emotional connections either positive or negative that are designed to obfuscate the real meaning.
Loaded words: FAMILIES, FREEDOM, OPPORTUNITY, BEST INTERESTS, RETIREMENT.
he meant for his own.
Yipee! Wall Street CASINO is back in biz. Why do you favor WALL STREET?  GOLDMAN SACHS is HAPPY
We want to be protected from unethical advisors that don't have our best interests governing their advice. Why remove this?
families deserve to have the advice of their financial advisor be accurate and not skewed by the advisors profits
Sen. Tillis: "cast aside political fringes and work together in order to produce results for the American people". #NoDeVos
Yes they should by having fiduciary laws. #doddfrank
yes & they should also be protected from having hard-earned money squandered. Do not support deregulation... it's bad for us
why do you thing Georgians don' t need this. That is not in the best interest of all of us.  LISTEN to your constituents!!
Freedom & opp to be ripped off by financial advisers pocketing profits? Represent the people who elected you. Not Wall St.
All  families need support and protection. Retirement and Healthcare should not be rewards for the rich.
by having financial adviser NOT act in their best interests?
is it a requirement now days you must be a sociopath to be a repug?
Absurd to laud the repeal of anything that protects people from unscrupulous actors.
Betsy Devos will not represent interests of American families. See confirmation hearing https://youtu.be/jWMKwdiZXrQ  via @YouTube
Vote NO on DeVos. We need innovation in education, not exclusivity. She is clueless about what we have and need.
that includes knowing if our advisor gets paid more for advising one fund over another.
We already have that freedom. @SenatorIsakson you seem to just want to make it harder to do
, it appears you agree that retirement advisors shouldn't be allowed to dupe people into bad products for self-gain. #thanks
You don't think your constituents hard earned $ deserve protecting? No pension Now no retirement $?  https://www.facebook.com/tj.polk.5/posts/1246055465516100 …
if you don't like your job then we can help you find another for minimum wage
stop voting for unqualified people
by blocking the law that would have required financial advisors to work in their clients' interest instead of their own?
You are a liar. Cheating the American people with a smile. No one buys this, no one.
AARP have concerns. My mother lost $300k of her retirement in the recession.
You must think we're a pack of rubes.
It's unconscionable that you think financial advisers should not be required to act in their clients' best interests.
yes they should. And repealing laws that look out for citizens is immoral.
Sure, another market crash erasing billions of personal savings that shouldnt be touched by investment bankers, sounds great
= freedom for advisors to gamble with the clients money please don't insult the public's intelligence
how is the new gun restriction lift going to make us safer? How about the mentally ill discussion after the shooters?
How many retirement funds were wiped out prior to Frank/Dodd? Look out for ALL Georgians, not just your ultra-rich buddies
But they should not be taken advantage of by self-dealing slicksters as this order permits.
before dodd frank Americans lost alot of gov stepped in to fit bill for corruption taxpayers pay gov. Double whammy.
Having been taken advantage of before regarding investments, I would rather know my advisor has a duty to look out for me.
Why don't you come on down to Georgia and plan to meet with us in a few town halls to explain yourself?
Hum, yeah, but consumers should also be protected from brokers who do not have their interests at heart.
But they need a great start to education SAY NO TO DEVOS!
@AARP The fiduciary rule makes brokers put their clients' interests first and not rip them off or hide their fees. #swamp
This is not about choice or freedom. Please don't lie to your voters. 
http://linkis.com/www.esquire.com/news/jzlO8 …
when is the next town hall meeting in metro Atlanta?
It may be on the same "alternative" day that @sendavidperdue announced for his...Wed, Feb 23 (23rd is Thurs btw)
not driving to McDonough to talk to his reps. Metro Atlanta is where most of his const are
You seem to have forgotten, Wall Street isn't in Georgia. You're working to put bad actors back on the financial stage.
Why is the left against school choice except when it comes to their kids? Almost all go to private?! #hypocrisy
And also our elected officials need to look out for our tax dollars in public education and not confirm DeVos.
"Financial Advisors should have the freedom and opportunity to look out for their best interests." #YouNeedNewGlasses
but with regulations to protect them from unsavory investment sharks. We're watching. #votethemout
sir, let's not go back to how things went so wrong in and before 2008. Don't end financial regulations. It's what WE want.
you are allowing investment bankers to take advantage of your constituents and you should be ashamed of yourself
Hey Senator, plz tell us: Do YOU use a Fiduciary with your retirement investments? I BET YOU DO.
So why do you think Georgians don't deserve an adviser who will put client interest before their own?
B/c the Dodd-Frank Fiduciary Rule DOES put us 1st. What you want puts ADVISER'S PROFIT 1st. You are shameful.
and protection from greedy financial predators that this action frees up.  Shame on you, Johnny.
Speaking of acting in our own best interests, Georgians would love it if you would represent US.
says the man that votes YES @BetsyDeVos who is a NO for our children's education which is a NO for you next election from me
, please cancel Dodd frank only crooks made money from that deal
and their financial advisor, who they rely upon, should always have their clients best interest forefront
those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it. #shameful #WallStreet wins with this!
we all know that is republican speak for cutting social security.
@BetsyDeVos Parents should have the freedom,opportunity to speak on what's best for their children. Vote No DeVos..
Yes, please have a town hall meeting in Cobb County area.
By investing n Wall Street & Banking, which is now going to be deregulated again like before.  How did that work out 4 u?
Because it worked out so well for them before.
sir you can help protect my retirement by working to keep Dodd-Frank and Consumer protections in place. Use your influence.
Why should financial advisers be held accountable! I mean, Wells Fargo, amirite!
as the wife/caregiver to a 100% service connected vet for 37 yrs this was impossible. Many PRE 9/11 in need.
I'm a constituent and I'm horrified. Repealing the rules that saved us from the crash is irresponsible and shortsided
so you're ok with "financial advisers" knowingly selling us bogus securities and providing fraudulent investment advice?
So they can ease lending restrictions 2 great "businessmen" who declare bankruptcy 6x, leaving investors holding the bag?
By allowing big banks to take on extra risk, spinning off as "securities" to sell to our 401k's?  They made $, we lost!
So that is why you are allowing scam artist to scam their clients?
Do you recall that Brits burned WH in AMERICA in 1812&Americans were in pain NOT Brits?@GAHouseFloor @ajceditor @FBIAtlanta
By allowing unscrupulous WS to create risky new instruments w/no oversight? How did that work our for our 401k's in 2008?
Oh, and your VM is full again :(
.@SenatorIsakson Really?!
Still waiting for you to book that town hall meeting....
it's feb 10 in Greensboro I thought?
That is open office hours with a field rep. Not a town hall and Isakson won't be there.
