Comrade Putin agrees with you!
--aryan nation,KKK,white supremacist and Putin support Trump-u OK with that?
-just what I thought
You will bear responsibility now.
and how do you plan on protecting the consumer from the failures of big business?
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats It's crucial Nominees are properly vetted,backgrounds checkout,to prevent situations like Flynn.
I question that he will bring prosperity for all Americans. Foreclosure king will help the rich get richer.
Yes, Mnuchin will lead the charge to fill his own pockets. Isakson, you have blinders on.
Yep draining the swamp with wall street. Time to protect your retirement people. Wall street is back in charge.
Stop this behavior !!!! You are insane! You are killing Georgia !
Why does GOP think it HAS to be outside groups bused in and paid to protest? Do you not know how mad your constituents are?
let them believe their own BS. They won't know what hit them when we kick them out of office.
show up in person & explain to your constituents how & why you believe he is a good choice.
he's a thief. You have no soul. We're paying attention. #voteno #NotOurLaborSec #whensrhetiownhall?
how did that go last time
just like in 2008?
your vote for Mnuchin will hurt GA residents in a terrible way. #redtobluein18. start looking for a new job. your done.
I can't wait until we can vote you out of office! #YouWorkForUs #RESIGNNOW
there are no moderate Republicans--Isakson feigns moderation (voting record?)
Astounded that you think a man who bankrupted thousands would be good for the country. In a just world he'd be in jail.
lead the charge? I think you mean lead us off the same cliff we were pushed to the edge of in 2008. #DoYourJob
What happened to the GOP not supporting Wall St? You have a funny way of showing it.
when are you coming home to face your constituents? Not you donors, the people you actually work for?
Where are Trump's tax returns?
I love the way you cheerfully confirm all this human trash even as Trump's government crumbles.
You ignore your constituents and sell out the American people. Enjoy that job, Johnny. We're electing you out!
Homeowners who lost their homes because of Mnuchin will love you for your kicking them in the teeth.
How much did you get for your Mnuchin vote? I'll give you $20 for a no vote on Puzder, since your votes can be bought.
Congress must investigate the Flynn matter; who knew what & when? #TrumpRussia
Looks like everyday is a good  day to post your house prepared tweets. Keep it up
He represents the worst of the last reseccion,  but #partybeforecountry right?
Now is the time to investigate Flynn, Trump, and their involvement with Russia.
I'm so happy you put the fox in charge of the hen house. I'll put my money in a mattress for when the banks fail.
Pretty much what everyone else said...NO.
booooooo
Your incompetence and failure to listen to your constituents is exhausting. You're not a decent man. #sleazypolitician #scum
Please do the right thing and vote NO on Puzder.
How about a town hall?!? We will be heard!!!
he is a crook. Shame on you!!!
It was the lack of red tape that led to the Great Recession. Have you forgotten?
I am beyond disgusted with your craven appeasement of our lunatic CIC. Your grandchildren deserve better.
.@SenatorIsakson You mean the guy with Cayman Islands investment fund?  That's not the kind of red tape we need to cut.
GOP & @POTUS claim they won't coddle Wall Street, then entrust the Treasury job to the Foreclosure King. #DraintheSwamp ???
you're a joke.
Johnny - Just stop. Talk to your constituents. Listen to our concerns. Then go do work FOR US. It's pretty simple.
Why don't we celebrate at a town hall meeting? #doyourjob
dude are you serious?!?! So ready for you to be out of office. Weak follower...Not a leader this state deserves.
you mean the same way he did with foreclosures?
I encourage all GA residents to insist on a town hall and a no vote on Andy Puzder.(202)224-3643, (770)661-0999
you are heinous and have no conscience.
hmm, isn't that what led to the Recession in the first place?
Do not take away the protections that keep us from another 2008 collapse, Wall Street gambles with our money
How do you propose to monitor ties to Goldman Sachs? How does repealing D-F help Your constituents?
Jenny r u in accounting? D-F does nothing but add costs to businesses and thereby make your products more expensive.
435 congressional Members and 33 senators up for re election November 2018
ur vote 4 Mnuchin is vote against ur constituents. have an in person town hall, Jonny. In Georgia! #resist
It is truly a sad state of affairs when your elected representatives won't listen to their constituents.
let's lead the foxes back into the henhouse. GOP is a disgrace. Do you really have such short term memories?
, you and the @GOP want to wreck us again, after Obama worked so hard to fix things. You disgust me sir. We will vote you out
I truly cannot understand why you would support someone who profited from the wrecking of our economy. What am I missing?
He's cashing in.
FOLLOW THE MONEY!  FROM THE TOP DOWN.... it's a crazy story!
you seem too happy about this for it to be beneficial for"We the People". Just saying...We're watching
This is a very strange mule to hitch your wagon to, Senator Isakson. Like #TrumpTheTerrible, you and the #GOP will own him.
Well if anyone knows how to cheat the American public it is a guy from Goldman Sacs. Hope he pays you well. Smh
Mnuchin is a horrible, greedy man. But you know this and support him anyway. SHAME on you.
The snakes all look out for each other. They must have utter contempt for the voters.
you mean like how he broke the law and foreclosed on active US military?
He will be "cutting red tape" for his cronie Goldman Sachs banker friends who DESTROYED our economy & took OUR money to fix!
The limited "red tape" on banks happened b/c we already tried trusting them & they SCREWED US. You think we're stupid.
You'll confirm this OFFENSIVE & DISGUSTING nomination of a millionaire Trump kickback & we will hound you everywhere, sir.
Protect little people. Wall Street doesn't need your help.
He'll lead the charge right back to the 2008 crash, all right. When's that town hall, Johnny?
We don't want a Goldman Sachs economy sir, where the rich get richer and the middle class is left unprotected
how do you feel about Secretary Mnuchin omitting $100 million from his disclosure paperwork?
