75K coal jobs vs 650K renewable energy jobs. Figure it out!!!
I disagree.
Need to roll back E10-E85 gasoline which uses corn and other food farm land to produce alcohol.  It was a bad idea, and it still is bad.
Earth first. We'll strip mine the others later.
No it does not and you know it.  You need to get smart and back green energy that will create jobs. Forward not backward.  London 1952!
Stop doing Trump's bidding and do what's right.  Coal is dead and it's deadly.  Invest in clean energy.
THE most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. Green Jobs R the fastest growing sector & I prefer to not light my water on fire
Coal? You mean the coal that the MARKET is pricing out? Maybe help them get better jobs instead of keeping shitty coal jobs that kill us all
The Trump presidency has revealed that Georgia's senators have no concern about the environment, children, privacy. Just $$$
Not a SINGLE comment from your constituents approves this move. Not. A. Single. One. Who are you representing?
please show us a modicum of respect and spare us these asinine statements. Your support of this PR stunt is a disturbing.
Thank you for your service to Georgia. We appreciate your support for common sense.
No it does not! Stop lying to your constituents!! You are corrupt and will lose your job for not listening to us.
do you read these comments? They are your constituents. We will remove you when you're up for re-election. You = terrible
sadly you're delusional
The environment means nothing to you. I'm ashamed that you are my senator.
polluting our air and water. you should be ashamed of yourself.
I encourage you to read the @AAFANational statement on #climatechange & health
what about pollution and the environment? You are going on record supporting this? We will hold you accountable then.
Also, it helps to poison our nation.
Not burdensome. Instead, protective of the environment (what I - and you, supposedly - would claim as God’s creation).
What about neg health effects of working in the coal industry? Pulmonary issues & cancer. This agenda puts Americans at risk
clean water, fresh air, renewable energy sources.Protecting our envirmnt creates jobs. Why focus on things that destroy it?
Take your GOP goggles off and do what is best for your constituents! If u can't, just quit congress. Ur not representing us!
It's also disastrous for the environment.
That's the biggest bunch of Bullshit!
We really need to find better jobs for coal miners. They need better education too. Those coal jobs are health hazards.
yeah but screw the next generation over for some dumb rocks. Coal is old news. It's time to train people for clean jobs
Nope! Sometimes you seem like you actually are an independent thinker who cares. And then, more of this stuff. Awful.
That's baloney. Those regs have cleaned our air, and protected watershed, employees, and their communities.
you have to be kidding to think that this was a good thing.
make jobs for those workers in renewable energy. That's innovative thinking. But no, this shortsighted victory is good
cOAL IS DEAD STUPID AND DANGEROUS.  SOLAR AND WIND IS CLEAN AND CREATES FAR MORE JOBS.  Come out of the dark ages.
Great, I'm glad my son will develop lung cancer so a few dudes can have a job. It's a win/win.
what's next tobacco advertiseing to our young?
Clean energy is the future. Our world depends on us changing what we do- Sweden has it right!
what about the environment and renewable energy?  #coalisdead #solarenergy #windpower
Marion County Georgia is the next Flint so there you are supporting less regulation while YOUR people die at in Georgia!
watch asthama rates and hospitalization for breathing problems go up too. Follow Jimmy Carter's lead, go solar!
coal isn't being regulated out, it's simply outdated. Move on into 2017 and beyond.
we don't need black lung disease thanks for nothing. Let's get jobs making horse-drawn carriages too!!
don't act like you care about jobs in GA. What about your EPA office in Athens? What about their jobs?
really, maybe you should take the time to read what you vote on and do the job we sent you to do, not tow the party line
no! This will do irreversible damage to the earth. Think long term!
and all it costs us is the ability to breathe and have potable water!
such a ridiculous, short-sighted position. The cost of this bill to the environment we ALL share is what matters senator!
So you sacrifice the health & well-being of your constituents? And are you suggesting we revert the NG plants back to coal?
Your public support of a man who should have never been allowed to run for office is concerning
it's sickening to see such ignorance in leadership - clean energy is the future! Smh it's a sad country I live in.
you know what depends on coal? The past. Get with the 21st century!
It won't create jobs. It will take jobs from clean energy and lose some. All while killing us with toxins. PIT 1940s
Please stand up for GA and USA citizens and for clean air and water. Stand against corruption and RU!!
Immigrants have learned to migrat whr jobs are maybe 8800 Ga should follow blueprint #CleanPowerPlan
Innovation MAG! Slaves had to pivot to surivive suggest CM pivot! #gobacktoschool #looking4govthandout
Coal is nvr clean and creates pollution. #uswantscleanair #coaldriveuphealthcare #coaljobsnotcomingback
The days of AM dependent on coal is over kinda like writing ltrs in cursve #leadorgetout #USLeads
Sometimes people must pivot and learn new trades. #education #becomecompetitive #leadnotfollow
Clean energy will never include smog producing coal. #iwantcleanair Coal burning see China
I thought you were the smarter of 2 GA Sen. Coal is like riding on horses to work n '17 #neverlookback
Is this a joke? Our children's futures have been sold out for less than 9K jobs. Climate change is real and dangerous.
Yet he's defunding 21st Century, cutting hundreds of jobs in education & hurting 27,000+ kids' futures? #AfterSchoolWorks
and kills our planet-you drank the fRump koolaid #climatechange
when will you understand that coal mining is just about dead! Cheaper and safer options. Wake up!
i hope you are reading these comments!!
It will help unemployed attorneys most! This is Trump's rhetoric to keep his base engaged. Not yours!
No, it helps our children breath in more pollution. Shame on your for robbing us of clean air and then applauding the filth.
This is ridiculous. Energy regulations help protect Georgians and the rest of the world. Your views are backwards and shortsighted.
Surely the jobs of the future, the jobs that will #MAGA, are clean energy jobs??
"When the last tree is cut, the last river poisoned, and the last fish dead, we will discover that we can’t eat money…”
Puts America behind the rest of the world in clean energy and our kids behind the world in healthfulness. Cough, cough!
Protecting dirty jobs and advocating for pollution? It doesn't help anyone.
it pains me to see the @GOP be so wrong on this. You may not be around when it matters but your grandkids will. C'mon!
how many more jobs could be provided through clean energy innovation? Lead people toward the future and give them real hope
Coal is the past-You should be preparing Georgians for the future!

<sigh> Obsolete energy source. If you'd invest in solar and wind, you could give those 8800 and more FUTURE opportunities!
, Solar now accounts for over 260,000 US jobs, four times the number of coal industry jobs. Follow the real job growth.
Always about money and corporations,not about the constituents that you represent. We are not "better off" w/o regulations
what do your grandchildren think about this tweet?
I would love to see these jobs transitioned to renewable energy jobs ASAP for the health of these workers & our environment.
I grew up in West Virginia. Check out how over-reliance on coal and environmental deregulation is going there (hint: poorly)
no mention on how you voted to roll back internet privacy to companies being allowed to sell our history & personal info? 
No!  Trump's EO imperils our future.  We could have way more than 8,600 jobs in solar if we embraced clean energy in Ga.  @SenatorIsakson
are you willing to bet your grandchildren's future climate change isn't real?
I'm a hard working Georgian & I want clean air, clean water & regulations that protect our environment.
always follow the $. KY coal company bought by GA biz. Coal mining been on the decline in GA since '80s. Shameless.
The 10 million people in Georgia demand clean air and water, so keep that in mind. Maybe It's time to try renewable energy?
no it wont. It will just poison our air and water while putting more money in coal tycoons pockets. Sad for your grandkids
Jobs don't mean much when you can't breathe and there's no clean water to drink.
and millions more sickened and poisoned from it
IT WILL ALSO DESTROY OUR PLANET. What's the point of having jobs if in 50 years we don't even have a goddamn planet? For fucks sake.
The smart move would be to invest in cleaner fuel technologies.  Keep us clean and more competitive.
looking forward to either you or Purdue to vote for Georgia over Republican agenda.
This hardworking Georgian prefers clean air and water.
I am a hardworking Georgian. I hate this initiative. I remember days of filthy air and water. R's are turning back clock!
Look at these responses, Senator. Your constituents do not approve of how you are representing us.
he wouldn't know because he's been too chickenshit to face his constituents.
hope those 8,800 jobs were worth relieving future generations from the burden of clean water and air.
ah yes, what a huge burden clean air and water are.
"You Lie"
COAL! The wave of the future! Let the industrial revolution begin! I can't wait to see what the 1900s have in store for us!
I'm sure your grandchildren will be thrilled to inherit a dying, polluted planet.
your constituents don't want this! You represent us, not corporate interests! We want clean air/water! LISTEN TO US!!
Boo! 
stop with the lies and killing of Americans with money over health
Who depends on coal? Don't be such a dinosaur. Sadly, coal jobs are G.O.N.E.
And I worked for a coal company in the 80's.
seriously? We need clean energy and more jobs from that. You are not watching out for us you lie for Trump! Why?
At the expense of our future generations.  Shameful.
Roll back of clean energy regulations harms 7 billion+ Earth inhabitants that depend on an inhabitable environment.
coal is dying like you,  time to diversify and move forward.
Why you wouldn't support training &  development for clean jobs is beyond logic.
At what cost? Our environment? Our health? Our future? Check your priorities.
so let's kill the environment we all live in. Why do you hate clean water & air so much? Need to invest in alternatives.
It's too bad you just won election.  I would love to vote you out!  What an embarrassment to the people of Georgia!
Coal is not sustainable. Give people infrastructure jobs & put  towards education in STEM. #makeamericasmartagain
Where are these jobs exactly?
They may not have water to drink or air to breathe but by god they will be able to get black lung.
why didn't you vote on the recent bill set to sell your constituents private informationm
No sir, there will be less inspections and more deaths but that's what you party is all about.
we need to get you and @sendavidperdue out of office ASAP. You're killing the earth & the people. Ever heard of clean energy
great but coal is dead
and besides, breathable air is so...  hmmm...  ahumpf... ugh...  overrated
How much is that going in your pockets? Hell let us all get sick and see where will get health care. Pathetic
A short sighted and ignorant agenda to support.
Now all Georgians can be poisoned with dirty air and water.
Destroying the environment and contaminating people's lives. Disgusting dereliction of your sworn duty to protect us.
Does burdensome energy regulations mean all regulations are bad even if it protects our children & our health for profit$?
More GA jobs are in clean energy - are we going to sacrifice those? Also all our jobs rely on clean water.
didn't realize you would sale your soul and the clean air act! What a disappointment.
Please explain how killing clean energy jobs helps. @solar
The water already stinks and the air quality.not great If you support this that means u care little about future generations
stop trying to make coal happen
Your "burdensome energy regulations" are your grand children's and great grands emphysema, bronchitis and asthma. Consider !
That's if the polluted water doesn't kill them first.
Perhaps you missed the news from cloudy Britain today, Senator.  Imagine it in sunny Georgia.
https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/mar/28/uk-solar-energy-march-electricity?CMP=twt_gu …
this has to be one of dumbest thing ever said. We need to invest in SOLAR! Coal is outdated. Get with the times gramps!
since you like to back old things I have a box of Motorola Razr's you should buy. Flip phones are the future!
also not sure how much time you spend in ATL, but the air quality blows. Never needed meds like this before moving to GA...
wishing black lung on you, Drumpf, and the rest of you GOPers.
there will be no jobs on a dead planet!  Common sense is not a commodity found in government,  obviously!  #saveourplanet
It'd be better to retrain those miners for other jobs so they don't have to climb into a mine to support their families
My uncle worked +30 yrs in mines, dying of cancer from it, and you want to cut healthcare. No one WANTS to go into a mine...
...they go into the mines to care for their families, bc there is no other option. Give them better options.
Utilities run on long-term planning. Georgia's decommissioned coal-fired power plants are not coming back and you know it.
Who are you kidding besides yourself!
F coal. We want solar, wind and nuclear!
just because you're old and don't have to worry about the environment. I'm not. Burdensome.... You're rhetoric is nauseating
"burdensome" what a joke how about 8800 jobs in renewable energy, fixing dekalb sewer systems, infrastructure, education...
Coal is dead. Like horse and buggy industry. Retrain workers in renewable energy industry instead of clinging to the past. You need to go.
no coal mined in GA since mid-80's. We rely on imports for energy when we could be focusing on clean sources for the future.
Glad your stance is crystal clear that 8,800 jobs is far more important than clean water and air for 10,310,371 Georgians
No, it helps destroy the environment and won't create an economy. Having jobs and creating an economy are different.
According to Sourcewatch there are 46 coal plants in Georgia that employ 2,627 people.  Where are you getting your numbers?
how do you wake up in the morning and think " today is the day I will poison the Earth"? how.can you live with ur self?
You just keep backing this horror show that your party is allowing to happen. Don't plan on another term!
can we get a detailed list of these 8800 jobs, so that GA residents can get in on the rain of prosperity?
8.8k is a blip in energy job market. At the cost of water, air & climate for ALL Georgians, including the 1s w/ BLACK LUNG.
I am so deeply disappointed in you.  It is horrible for our planet home.
your a partisan flunky, following along the Rs like a puppy, GA has 1 of the high asthma rates in US. #redtobluein18
Sir, with respect, we need to get off coal.  Please help us invest in renewable energy and education instead.
so short sighted. You are not leaders but corporate shills. New innovated ideas are needed.
"Burdensome energy regulations" is just the standard @GOP line. Coal isn't coming back. Natural gas is cheaper and cleaner.
Vote for spending on the fastest growing job market... renewable energy. That will give us clean air/water & even more jobs.
more job growth in solar, wind. We r going back to the dirty times. You don't like breathing clean air? Money is better, eh?
what do we tell our grandchildren when they won't be to have clean water and the coal is gone?
shame on you for supporting the destruction of our planet for political gain.
This is fantastic
But still need to discuss the ozone risk
America's efforts are futile if we can't get the world to comply
Coal has been in decline for 3 decades. There are more jobs, now and future, in other forms of energy. Look fwd, not back.
And it destroys the environment & the planet in the process. Sometimes even politicians have 2 look at the big picture.
WOW. Welcome to the 19th Century. Reading from the GOP playbook. 
#VotersAreWatching #VotersDoYourHomework
#VoteOutGOP
@realDonaldTrump's move 2 roll back protections 4 clean  & air is HORRIFIC Help coal workers with ed & training 4 new tech
How will you tell your grandchildren you're mortgaging their future to please your corporate masters? Shameful!
he's like 90 years old. Do you think he really gives a shit about the future? He's cares about the short game.
He doesn't care but you'd think he'd care about his grandchildren. Short-sighted, greedy stupidity!
we dont need coal jobs, we need ckean air/water! Re-educate those workers!
renewable energy creates more/better paying jobs while generating enough power to supply not just our state but our country.
how about putting 8800 people to work on solar energy. Georgia gets tons of sun!!
Georgia also has tons of shade from her vast trees
if you really want to help them, vote for healthcare, education and training for new fuel tech so there's a clean 4 future
"burdensome". Yes, what a huge burden it would be to keep the planet habitable for our Georgian children and grandchildren
"Together we CAN destroy the earth! We've done it for so long, why stop now?" #ClimateAction No such thing as #CleanCoal
yes they won't be burdened with clean air and water. When they get sick you'll have unburdened them of Healthcare. So kind
If there are jobs using coal the cost of doing business will hurt them until extinction.
Extraordinarily venal and shortsighted. We're all going to choke on the same air together, Senator. Is it worth it?
sure just pollute like we did back in the good old days.
How? Please explain which jobs you're referring to and how they are affected. Thank you.
and provide Americans PROOF that 8,800 jobs have been reinstated!
coal is a non renewable resource. Time to look for other employment!
this is so short sided. There are many more jobs and a more sustainable future in renewable energy
