Where does that occur, please post a link to verify what you are saying
You are in for a rude awakening, @SenatorIsakson. You are not representing your constituents. We are watching you.
maybe we could budget in some moving expenses for you and @sendavidperdue to leave office! #thatwouldbenice #moneywellspent
The new budget slashes 29% of SNAP benefits. 1.7m veterans rely on those.
http://www.cbpp.org/research/snap-helps-roughly-17-million-struggling-veterans-including-thousands-in-every-state …
not even concerned with your legacy? Stand up and represent us!
Sure
So excited for my tax cut that is coming at the expense of those worthless poor people and their children's health insurance. New Porsche!!
Sir, you are my Senator. This budget screws over Federal retirees, retired seniors & Georgia Medicaid recipients. You are better than this!
How does it do that. Not touching Medicare or SSI. Medicaid and food stamps are state programs. Too many people on food stamps.
SSI is a federal program & food stamps and Medicaid & both funded (in part) by the fed govt but admin by states. Proposed budget is BRUTAL.
My budget has been brutal at times in my life. You have to stop spending what you don't have
And yet you made it & I suspect you had help. This budget rips help from those who need it most... 1/2
I stop by and visited my parents and dinner with them. I helped my mother put up veggies for the winter. I worked every hour I could get.
Good for you. Not everyone has those options. You are talking about food stamps. That FEED people.
Yes. Some feed people but others buy drugs. The kids go hungry. I don't want anyone to go hungry. I grew up poor. Not everyone abuses them
Please don't pay attention to the Soros-funded paid trolls! Keep doing what you are doing Proposed WH budget FINALLY considers the taxpayer
Very sad to hear this though not surprised. So bad it, like ACHA, is not even considered
Thanks for showing your true colors
GOP is done.
Donald Trump is bringing out the worst in America! Are you doing the same?
Doesn't Medicaid cover nursing homes, special ed children, elderly, veterans/medical ins. for working poor? GA can't pay this tab alone.smh
And gets rid of funding for research and development, laying off many scientists and hurting the economy. Pls reject it #voice4physics
I'm sure they disagree with this statement
"This new budget says it prioritizes national security & funding for our veterans while it guts education, social services." Fixed for you.
Protect our GA seniors from Medicare cuts and our farmers, our tech, our growing film industry, etc. GA doesn't need more military spending
And takes away from those that need the tax dollars most
The new budget exemplifies the values of the Rep Party. Take from the poor to benefit the rich. It's really the ONLY thing they care about!
And it cuts many programs for the poor such as Medicaid while providing tax cuts for the rich.  What are you guys doing?
The new budget epitomizes the cynicism and greed of the big bosses the GOP serves. Cutting medicaid, education, and even money for rural US!
How can you look Georgia teachers in the eye saying you support this budget and that you support DeVos? How many calls against her did u get
I disagree with the premise that national security should be a priority
What about cuts to #SSDI ? $72 billion? We already live below the poverty level, now you want to cut more! Disgraceful!
Trump said he wouldn't cut Social Security. According @SenWarren, the budget cuts $73 BILLION from Soc. Sec. Wake Up!
And takes healthcare and services from the most vulnerable in our country.  #voteoutIsakson #RepresentationMatters
Are you on drugs or a alcoholic? Shame on you.
Are you joking? Are you just so out of touch you're defending a budget other republicans have called brutal and dead on arrival?
It's pretty clear you don't know what's in the budget. Pretty likely POTUS doesn't either. And billions for a wall? Absurd.
But you're slashing children's healthcare by 21% Of course we already knew you don't care about our kids, because you voted for Betsy DeVos.
Authoritarian regimes overfund their military and underfund education, healthcare and welfare programs.  is better!
But cuts Medicaid and SNAP. How is that a good thing? If the citizenry dies there will be no one for the military to defend. #BadBudget
I suppose that depends on your "critical priorities." Personally, I'm in the tank for public education, disease prevention, and Medicaid.
I expect this partisan nonsense from David Perdue, but not you.  The budget will raise the deficit and kill healthcare.
It takes away from hard working people and gives tax breaks to the rich. I can't wait to help vote you OUT...
No. It takes away care for those in need. It's disgusting.
This budget dose not even have a chance where are the effective lawmakers in Washington ????
Unless the Vet happens to be poor or disabled or needs medical care.
The new budget chooses to give money to defense contractors rather than hospitals and doctors, medical research, people who need food.
18 budget outline I support, believe gov't / agencies too big, bloated & ineffective. Businesses make major cuts all the time  now gov't 
GA
Loved what I heard of new budget! I stand with Trump.
This budget kills education, food stamps, Medicaid.  The only person it helps is the rich. You are basically creating extreme poverty.
And the wall needs to be funded!
Shame on you, @SenatorIsakson, for supporting such hate!
Tax cuts for the wealthy must be one of your "critical priorities...instead of protecting seniors, middle class, women, kids, & vets of GA!
Even GOP colleagues have called this bill DOA. YOU are not a representative of your constituents. You're an embarrassment.
Critical priorities like ur pocketbook?
It also strips poor children and the disabled of significant coverage. you can't claim to be pro-life and support this!
Really. Shame on you.
Shame on you. I used to respect you.
The priority is tax breaks for the rich. Add cutting children's health care & education to the list of side benefits.
This budget will literally take food out of the mouths of my children. My wife's disability and my salary already afford us no margin. Shame
It needs to prioritize people, otherwise who will care what happens to this country, we will all be in hell anyway. Choose well Senator.
The "budget" is a joke as anyone who has taken a basic economics or math course can deduce.
What about children? It does not prioritize their needs and gives tax breaks to rich. Not good!
No you don't.
But slashes spending for the poor.
Wait... called & your ppl told me you're still reviewing the budget plan. How can support something you haven't read? #smh
Bc he's party over constituents and country. So disappointing.
Yeah... but this is #NOTNORMAL & we don't have to accept it. We need a govt that works for us. #July4thProtests
No, it doesn't. This budget is horrifyingly cruel to the most vulnerable in our society, including Veterans, who deserve much better.
It prioritizes tax cuts for the wealthy above everything. I don't appreciate being lied to.
Pls look closer at what this budget will actually do to your constituents. You approve of this utter cruelty??
There is so much in this budget that is just insanely cruel to the poor. /1
Do you know how many Georgians rely on Medicaid? Can you look them in the eye and tell them tax breaks for the wealthy are more important?
Are you soul deprived?  That new budget hurts your constituents.
Republicans will CONTINUE to LIE until we DEMAND the TRUTH! Republican presidents have something in common: RECESSION! THE George W CRASH!
. Got a VA Letter saying their taking money from my disabilty compensation. Glad the VA is getting funding for "US" vets.
Are you sure you actually read it?!
it's the "other critical priorities" that will kill us.
It is bad enough you lie in the Senate, but actually typing a blatant lie really says a lot!
Man you are so out of touch with your fellow Georgians
Truth is @SenatorIsakson the budget guts medicaid in order to give tax breaks to the rich. Please explain that to your constituents. 2018out
Per @FamiliesUSA, some 1.75 million veterans rely on Medicare in some form = this budget puts 1 in 10 veterans coverage at risk #resist
Not according to the veterans. Best due your homework and listen to your people that you are suppose to represent.
*do*
The new budget is abhorrent to everyone but the very well-off & the incredibly stupid, which also describes those who still support Trump.
So you want everyone but people like you to be poor and sick! You are disgusting and should not be representing us.
Senator. Do you guys in the republican party ever stop lying. I don't know what motivates you and your republican ilk but its scary.
Senator Isakson isn't a liar. But he's eerily silent about a WH/Pres that flaunts nepotism, lack of transparency, and sheer disregard for us
I'm not convinced that @SenatorIsakson understands the number of "woke" independents/past supporters who live in Georgia and how mad we are.
Then again, how can he explain the 27K phone calls he gets each week? Keep calling. Our Republic depends upon it.
#TheResistance
The new budget is an immoral horror.
Let's hope you push @POTUS's budget in public, not just on Twitter feed.
He and his voters deserve your full-throated support.
His voters deserve better education nothing more. Watch C-SPAN you brainwashed fool!
You pretend you know me.  I have a B.A. in Political Science from Emory; I have a J.D. from U.G.A. and was in the U.S. Army for 3 years.
And watch only Fox news I'm sure! Did you read this budget yourself are are you advocating something you know nothing about?
Lady, it's none of your business what I watch, if I watch.
Frankly, you're tiresome and presumptuous.
Good riddance.
