no mention of Jews?your new boss is a fascist - oppose him NOW
You cannot believe this AND support Trump's most recent EO banning refugees. #NeverAgain means Never. Again.
Please oppose the ban on immigrants and refugees that was put into place by our President!
the holocaust NOW. Senator Isakson what are you going to do? Stand up for the Constitution. 1stA Congress shall make no law
object to this ban. Stand with all immigrants Jews and Muslims.
People are suffering right now! What are you doing to repeal the Muslim Ban? Take Action!
& the Jewish people in Europe who were almost completely wiped out?Shame on u for minimizing & holocaust denier propaganda
Does this mean you'll stand against the Bannon Administration?
really you didnt mention jews as far as Im concerned you are not a friend of ADL and AIPAC and you are banning jews
When are you going to fight evil sir?  You are following evil. @SenatorIsakson
are you taking a two day nap??? #showsomecourage
Yes! True American patriotism means protecting and welcoming those persecuted by tyrannous dictators. #revoke
Where does white nationalist agendas fall in regard to evil?
confused then why do u support #DeVos a #Hitler fan?
U should b ashamed of saying u pray when U R patting Trump on the back re: immigration.  UR silence says it all!!!!
hey it's me pick up your phone
they are purposely leaving their voice mail boxes full
PUT YOUR SORROW AND PITY INTO YOUR VOTE!  VOTE NO TO TILLERSON! CEO W/ business ties to Russia funds terrorist Putin
Standing silent implies agreement. Speak out against the executive order from Trump and stand up for all Georgians.
.@SenatorIsakson commit by endorsing a modern day version of fascism in trump. Will yall ever #StandUpToTrump & #StandWithTheConstitution
please say this means that you are not supporting Trump's tyranny over religious freedom
Thank you. The work that remains = voting NO on Tillerson and opposing religion-based bans. GA voter.
.@SenatorIsakson Your support of #muslimban proves the emptiness of this lame platitude. Your constituents are paying attention.
vote no on sessions vote no on devos. Vote no on tilerson
If you really care about others, you will impeach Trump. Has he not hurt enough Americans already?
you mean like how you're NOT fighting against such evil? You're complicit now with Trump and White Nationalists.
This on the day @potus betrays thousands who pinned the hopes of a better life on the USA? Your silence is deafening.
Trump’s executive order doesn’t represent our values, and as a lifelong Republican and your constituent, I'm disgusted.
UR prayers mean nothing while U remain silent in regards to immigrants.  Why do U think UR answer machine is full
We put you in that seat, we can remove you from it. #NoToSessions #NoToTillerson #NoToDeVos End the #MuslimBan
resist the ban on refugees who deserve to get in. Send them to Georgia. We welcome them.
Thank you for posting this, but in the spirit of fighting injustice I'm wondering why you don't oppose the refugee ban?
If U really want 2 fight evil. . .Fight Trump & all he stands for.
If it's true u remember the holocaust then why silent on #MuslimBan and refugee help. We notice. #ChristiansAgainstTrump
Thank u for speaking criticism on Trump's ban, but more is needed. Be courageous, make us proud & don't support DeVos.
don't stand on the wrong side of history for those suffering now #NeverAgain #WeRemember #RefugeesWelcome #NoBanNoWall
Work remains stop the evil ban on Muslims
Vote NO on Betsy DeVos - although you seem to prefer low IQ, billionaires to run the country #resist 
Can you really say #WeRemeber then support #MuslimBan? This will not make U.S. safer. Im one of your constituents.
and you also omit "Jews"?  I guess calling your office is a waste of time. You seem in step with the Trump fascists.
Answer your phone, Coward!  This is one of your constituents calling!!
Are you also intentionally omitting any mention of the Jews? Do you repudiate the WH's decision to do so?
Steve Bannon is evil. Fight him. Please!
but you say nothing while Trump profits off the Middle East while banning those looking for a better life.
oh so you've joined the deniers' club. duly noted.
if you sincerely mean this, you must fight against the ban on refugees. #standuptotrump
yet you are supporting @realDonaldTrump in being a #racist, and fear monger preparing to build walls #NoBanNoWall
Your silence makes you complicit in Nazi Bannon's "strategies" for our country.
http://Yes.One  way to do so is to repudiate Trump's ban on refugees. Anne Frank = Syrian refugee of today.
yes, fight this ban and be on the right side of history.
I hope this means you will do everything in your power to make sure we welcome refugees into our country!
Betsy DeVos is not qualified to be Sec of Education & will not help the children of GA; block her confirmation.
How are you unashamed to invoke the Holocaust on the very weekend that we ban refugees from entering the U.S?
FYI, your silence = support for the #muslimban. I will never vote for a rep who condones religious persecution.
The work that remains: Oppose Trump and Bannon. We cannot make these mistakes again. #learnfromhistory
.@SenatorIsakson The best way to remember is to not let it happen again. Why have you not spoken out yet regarding Trump's EO?
I urge you to come out strongly against @POTUS anti Muslim EO. #MuslimBan #NoBanNoWall #Resist
a similar evil now sits in the oval office. How do you plan to stop it?
Stand up and speak out now or this could happen again - and it will be YOUR fault.
How dare you remain silent. Speak out against the #MuslimBan. Will remember come election time!
no mention of Jews in your rememberance is offensive
what's your position on Friday's immigration executive order?
and are doomed to repeat those mistakes with EOs like this ban. What is your stance?
Until you are fighting the tide of fascism in the US, you have no right to talk about your prayers for the Holocaust.  ACT.
Senator, why haven't you come out against #MuslimBan and executive orders blocking #refugees from safety? Even this little boy spoke out:
Really, then stand up to this Muslim ban. Do the right thing. Think of your grandchildren and the legacy you'll leave them.
As a Jewish Georgian, I'd find your words more meaningful AFTER you speak out against the religious persecution of Muslims.
I sat in church w/ you on Sun after 2016 election. Remember her msg? YOU can be a light to drive out darkness. #NoBanNoWall
Get a clue!
hollow, useless platitudes. We will remember.
Please act against this unconstitutional ban. I believe you are a good man & do not want families torn apart.
easy to say, but what are you DOING? Thousands of your constituents are outraged at the travel ban and you are silent.
stand up and be an American?  Refugees are welcome here. Why are you silent?
Even more than you might like to admit, senator.
It's past time to speak up and speak out against our current evils. Refugees & immigrants make GA great! #fightback
Senator, I am a constituent. Please resist President Trump's anti-American actions and rhetoric.
Please comment on Trump's ban of vetted refugees
in honor of the suffering of holocaust victims it would be fitting if you were not silent on #MuslimBan
rather ironic given your tacit support for the ban on Muslim refugees, immigrants & legal green card holders. Man up.
Do you really remember? Show your constituents that you have a backbone! #MuslimBan #StopPresidentBannon @realDonaldTrump
Start by: blocking refugee ban, block the wall, do not confirm DeVos who is a threat to the future of education & children.
You've always done your best to serve GA and our country. Please resist this unconstitutional Muslim Ban. #NoBanNoWall
The best way to remember the Holocaust is to not turn away refugees at the border. NO #MuslimBan
On that note, let's talk about Orange Hitler's unConstitutional actions.
I pray daily for tolerance, forgiveness, and acceptance. Not for your "silent" agenda
@BlueNRedState @SenatorIsakson I cannot wait until GA goes all the way blue and you are gone forever. You don't rep me.
Please, Mr. Isakson, with this in mind, speak up for those affected by the #muslimban & be on the right side of history.
You have the opportunity to fight for those who are CURRENTLY suffering. Please don't stand idly by.
Who suffered most, Senator? You need to say it to distance yourself from our president. (That is, if you want to.)
called your office! You need to speak against the Muslim ban! Please act
Remember the Jews that were turned away as you stay silent regarding #muslimban Be a decent human being and stand against it
-This + your support of #InsiderTrading by #tomprice + #silence on #Trumptaxes = WHY do you run #ethicscommittee? #GOPScandal
YOUR president deliberately omitted any mention of the 6,000,000 JEWS who perished at the hands of the NAZIS! U STAND SILENT
Why no statement on the illegal Muslim ban? You don't care about being re-elected?
or about humanity?
I promise you, we will remember what you did when evil came calling and you had every opportunity to speak up.
#WeRemember and today #Resist. Expect to see your response to unconstitutional #MuslimBan 1st thing Monday morning.
Stop praying and DO something. Maybe try standing up to the evil that is happening here and now?
You could fight evil right now, but you're a coward! Stand up to Trump! #resist
as #WeRemember this day we'll give thanks for those who fought evil and stayed committed to their word.
all who suffered? They were Jews. They were murdered.
that wok includes standing up against religious discrimination wherever it is found. Here. Now. Say something #nomuslimban
Remember hateful actions that led to the Holocaust. Do not be the cause of further suffering. Denounce the #MuslimBan NOW
Please take a stand against the EO - it is unconstitutional.  I am a GA voter.  #NoBanNoWall
He can be reached at (202) 224-3643
We plan to call tomorrow.  @sendavidperdue too.  Can we double dip on DeVos and Sessions?
Definitely. You can say them all at the same time or call multiple times.
Your words mean nothing if you don't speak out & condemn unconstitutional & inhumane Muslim ban. Your silence says more.
And where do you stand on the refugee ban? As a Georgia citizen, I'm counting on you to oppose it. #noban #nowall
what about the refugees who are suffering now?  Will you fight evil by helping the least of these?
if you really care:  Please speak out AGAINST the immigration ban!  It's illegal, unconstitutional & BAD for the USA.
The work is here now. Please stop the madness.
hey buddy. Cat got your tongue? Are you committed to fighting this ban? This evil?
You are a hypocrite! Jewish refugees died because they were denied visas! You have remained silent on @POTUS Muslim ban.
It is remarkable that we abandon refugees while remembering the Holocaust.  We have learned nothing from our past @SenatorIsakson
.@SenatorIsakson And as we remember the Holocaust, let's also pray for all who suffered when denied refuge by the US.
You need to stand up and fight the evil in front of you, and i mean NOW. You helped put it in office, you cannot sit idly by
if you want to "recommit to the work that remains" what do you plan to do about Trump's Muslim ban?
what about those fighting the evil sitting in the oval office? Will you stand up to bigotry, or remain spineless?
Fight evil now!
I am the grandson on Holocaust survivors and I urge you to speak up against Trump's refugee ban
.@SenatorIsakson do you have anything to say about the #MuslimBan ????
if you really believe this then speak up against trumps anti Muslim exec order. #nomuslimban
yet you remain silent as your president rounds up members of a religious group and detains them.  #hypocricy at its worst
.@SenatorIsakson, I vote in Georgia. When will you speak out against the violation of law being committed by DHS and CBP? #NoBanNoWall
Your silence on Muslim ban = complicity. You have no credibility to offer thoughts on the Holocaust. #MuslimBan #shame
Your silence on the #MuslimBan must end. You campaign on a platform of Christian values. Prove it. Jesus was a refugee.
Yet our country instituted a Muslim ban and you say nothing?
standing silent implies agreement. Speak out against the executive order from Trump and stand up for all Georgians.
How do you tweet this and then not oppose what POTUS did on the same day? Don't be on the wrong side of history.
Meaningless. I would not exist if the US had not accepted my Jewish refugee family. Where is your condemnation of @POTUS?
and we expect you to speak out against the #MuslimBan immediately.
do not allow it to happen again! Stand up against the #MuslimBan NOW!! Shameful!
Totally agree - thank you! Now, how about speaking up against Trump's illegal and unconstitutional Muslim ban?
That's a pretty empty statement considering you've been silent on the ban on refugees, visa and greencard holders.
.@SenatorIsakson then speak out against the inhumane, xenophobic #MuslimBan. We (your constituents), and history, will remember your silence
#RiseUp & follow the lead of Congressmen Johnson & Lewis & support Americans persecuted by GOP 2017 #MuslimBan
Georgians want to know where you stand on the #muslimban. It's your duty to make a public statement.
do your job and denounce the #MuslimBan

you are heartless supporting this muslim ban and jews from the banned countries will not be considered
then please do the right thing and oppose our ignorant #POTUS before he ruins our country!! https://www.facebook.com/groopspeak/videos/1098360616958353/ …
So, then, can we count on you to oppose unconstitutional,  malignant executive orders?  That is start.
All GOP elected officials are accountable to the people for Trump's actions.
opportune time to speak out against the #muslimban
we need you to take a stand on the current policy of suppressing the media and dissent, and religious-based discrimination.
Clearly you don't remember enough, @SenatorIsakson. Denounce the #MuslimBan for what it is: unAmerican and against our very Constitution.
We also remember where leaders stand on issues. Please tell us your position on the immigration bans. #Constantvigilance
You've endorsed Pres. Trump, so as a GA voter, I'm asking you - do you think we should take this off the Statue of Liberty?
@Perduesenate Sen. Perdue - As a supporter of Pres. Trump, do you agree that this sentiment on the Statue of Liberty no longer applies?
It would be good to see you #StandUp and say #ThisIsNotRight You have lost your moral compass, Johnny #silenceiscomplicity
your #SILENCEISLOUD
Block Trump's outrageous cabinet appointments and the ban on muslims.  We are watching!
We need you to speak out now about the Muslim ban! This reeks of WWII Germany!
Iraqis who bravely served US military were taken away in handcuffs & feared they'd be sent back to die. Where were you???
Where were you today when people legally in US were put in handcuffs & held for hours under threat of being returned???
Will you be someone who fights evil or will you stand idly by while innocent refugees are turned away?
Georgia veteran of the Iraq War.  Fought alongside all religions, including Muslims, to stop extremism.  I'll keep fighting
Stand up to Trump like we stood up to fascism in the past.  You cannot ignore this.
Gee, Senator: don't see you speaking out against this newest evil. #MuslimBan #Hypocrite #Coward
your silence on the Trump EO is shameful and craven. Grow a spine and stand up for us, now before it's too late. Govern FFS!
America are now oppresive to people that are of Muslim faith. Where do you stand?
.@SenatorIsakson woah woah woah. Check yourself and STAND UP FOR WHAT IS RIGHT. #muslimban
where do you stand on today's refugees not being allowed into America? Speak up I can't hear you!
Please empty your voicemail box so that your constituents can reach you. It happens to the best of us. Thank you!
Are you going to stand up to Trump? Your constituents would like to know??
Instead of remembering....do something to prevent. Stop Trump and his un-American agenda. This ban is Germany all over again
We need you to stand up to Trump. His ban on Muslim immigrants is unconstitutional, and puts our national security at risk.
-- Trump admin is embarrassing your party and nation. Please speak out on behalf of Georgians.
Will you speak up for legal immigrants who have been caught up in the immigration ban or no? #SilentJohnny #MuslimBan
if you really believe this, you'd better be calling @POTUS right now. Voters are watching. Tell Trump this isn't our America
why aren't you speaking out against this ban on Muslims and refugees?
TIme for you to speak up and stop being silent against the anti-American orders from illegitimate prez @realDonaldTrump
when are you going to speak on the Muslim ban? constituents deserve an answer. We are waiting
AMEN!
If you are truly committed to the work that remains find a way to overturn this Executive Order banning entry to Muslims.
Fight the evil of today!!! Oppose the #MuslimBan
when will you stand up for those being turned away now via unconstitutional EO?
Trump is the evil we are fighting today. Are you with us or with him?
You are a good man Senator. Please do something to resist this administration and the unconstitutional Muslim ban.
