great now let's talk ACA.
trolling for votes?  You are insincere about everything U do.
brave legislation, sir. Way to push the boundaries. Now, how about a #TownHall?
@JovitaMoore are you actually "proud of this"? In 2017 we still meet to vote on BHM? 
Didn't "Anonymous out you not long ago for being in the KKK???  Hypocrite!!!
Great! Now support @SenatorCollins to get answers #Trumprussia, request DT TaxReturns. We deserve to know if DT is a crook!
wow.  you should be proud.  LOL  that means you earned your huge salary for another year.
it would mean more if you actually fought for racial justice.
Oh. I had this strange idea that Feb was already BH month in the US. How about voting in the interest of equality for all?
are you saying you have to pass this every year? Can we not make this permanent? You're incompetent.
what she said. Isn't this a thing already. Quit wasting time redoing work.
this is a joke! It's the end of Feb!!!!
So you passed a resolution to recognize Black History Month as Black History Month... Was this even up for debate?
How about working toward making sure voter suppression isn't a thing?
why don't you also sponsor a resolution to investigate our corrupt president? Stop putting party over country!
Good one Johnny, lol
Wow! Maybe you could send POTUS a primer on famous black Americans before the next Black History month.
.@SenatorIsakson Please understand how paternalistic & transparently hypocritical this is. Start voting like actual #BlackLivesMatter
just in time, too!
I love it!
what about the futures of Blacks in America? Your vote for Jeff Sessions basically negates this too late resolution. Really?
Great (though done at the end of the month). Now why don't you be proud to meet with your constituents in a town hall mtg!?
meanwhile, Vets still suffering, govt bureaucracy continues to screw Vets, and how long hv u been on Sen oversight of VA?
now make sure House bill 610 does not pass!
seriously???? One more time..WE WANT A FULL INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION INTO TRUMP/RUSSIA TIES .DO YOUR JOB...WE ARE WATCHING
let it be noted that you voted for @BetsyDeVos the most unqualified person for the job! How much did u get for that?
how about you co-sponsor a town hall with the other absentee GA senator. Do something real to support Georgians
Confirmation vote for Sessions/DeVos won't blow over. BHM vote is pathetic attempt to advert. Your true character is known.
WHOA, what hard hitting work you're doing for GA!
then could you please go explain it to @BetsyDeVos? Likening #HBCUs to #SchoolChoice is the most tone deaf statement yet.
But you voted for sessions, a known racist. u r good at little decisions not good at big ones, #redtoblue
let it b noted that U refuse to hold a #TownHall because u are scared to face voters after the horrible job uve done! Retire
Not impresssed. Do your job and investigate 45's Russian ties. Oh, and meet constituents.
I'd be proud of you if you focused on the more important issues...a town hall, ACA, immigration bans, civil rights for exmpl
your a day late & a dollar short!! Nice try
the month of over
Paticipation medal?
that's great. Now, do your job and protect us from Trump.
On February 27th?
Please hold a town hall and listen to your constituents. We want the ACA, and to respect our govt again.
"now that I've proven I'm not racist I can get back to the business of supporting mass incarceration."
great job! How about a resolution condemning the man who killed an Indian engineer while screaming Get put of my country?
So what? What are you doing about this administration that is turning the clock back on civil rights? #DoYourJob
who leaked to the Senate that it is BHM?
Explain Jeff Sessions? In the words of John Oliver "tick tock..."
maybe start legislating like you value black lives. February and your career are in their final throes.
That's probably the most important thing you've done in a while.  Another example of do-nothing-politicians.
Nice, but now push healthcare to states. Feds get out of healthcare. Out of Flood Insurance.
kind of a layup though, right?  Lets not get too excited
the Senate gets no points for doing this after confirming an AG that is ending civil rights voting protections for blacks.
Now we expect you to support black people by not repealing ACA, make adjustments for small business owners.
Well, bravo, brave old you. Two days left in the month, and the Senate passes #BlackHistoryMonth. Typical.
Little late. But not too late to demand Trump's taxes, a true blind trust for his assets & an independent Russia probe
shouldn't even be an issue it's 2017! Stand up 4 education & healthcare! #acaworks #ResistTrump
, please don't try to distract us from our regularly scheduled ass rape with Belated Happy Black History Tweets
@JovitaMoore also-town hall. (Hi, staffers. Plz ask John 2 talk 2 his constituents or get rid of pretend social media).
Your really are Johnny on the spot, aren't you? It's over TOMORROW! #FlipThe6th #FlipGA
Do they know it's the 27th?!
congrats sir!
@JovitaMoore every month should be Black History Month, John. There's already 2 MUCH eliminated from our history books.
Um, it is February 27th. A little late, doncha think?
Great! Now let's have a town hall.
??? Repeal ACA? Tax reform? Get Trumps cabinet cleared howaboutit?
Just In: @HouseGOP just voted to hide @realDonaldTrump's  tax returns from the American people. Shameful!
boohoo u lost!
Next can you co-sponsor an official resolution to investigate Trump's ties to Russia.
Thanks, hope you're feeling well. Please save ACA,  independent investigation Russia/election/flynn,  POTUS'S tax returns .
great job on your vote for Black History month. But vote to suppress voting rights and take away healthcare. #ResistTrump
you could probably put this bill on autopilot you know? More important things to do. #TownHall #Trumprussia
why are you proud of this in 2017? You should be ashamed that this needs to be recognized yet again.
but you voted to confirm Jeff Sessions...
.@SenatorIsakson Awesome! Everyone get your celebrations in tomorrow  for Black History  M̶o̶n̶t̶h̶ Day.
Another good one. The elephant in the room is Trump. Please initiate an independent  prosecutor as ASAP. We deserve to know.
Boohoo u lost the election!!!
It would be cool if you could also support black futures. Hold a #TownHall
Great move then on your Sessions votes!
Thank you, Senator.
..........February is almost over.
You going to get any real work done? Maybe some jobs or healthcare reform?
