This would be a great time to schedule a #townhall.
yep I agree, I'm trying to remember what it's like to be represented. I have questions and concerns. You need to hear me.
DT will never be my president.
The importance of those making the laws having to live by those laws. We are sick of you all being exempt from those laws
Which you've chosen to honor by putting a complete psychopath in the White House? Uh...congrats, or something...
Why aren't you doing your job and meeting with your Atlanta constituents this week?
Are you hiding from your constituency?
Me too! Why don't you set up an Atlanta town hall meeting and meet the people you are supposed to represent? Thats special 2
Would have been amazing if you had that respect for the last President. Instead, you support the current horrible one.
Wish we had a president worthy of it.  Hold a Town Hall to discuss just how important this is to your constituents.
are you kidding? @SenatorIsakson is a coward like the rest of his GOP friends. He'll hide out to ride the tide #impeach
All these dudes think they can ride the Trump Train to their stop, but they will all go off the rails together.
the I guess all this pain we are going thru will have been worth our while! :) #ResistTrumpTuesdays
If only we had a decent human being in the highest office.
it's also a great time for an in-person townhall. When will it be scheduled?
Johnny, Anytime would be a great time for you to protect the 1st Amendment and judiciary from unwarranted Trump attacks.
it is your duty to speak with your constituents! We need a town hall!!!!
we have had some great presidents. Too bad #45 is not one of them
It is also a great day to hold the current president accountable to the people and the Constitution.
Great day for a town hall meeting. When are you going to listen to your constituents in person?
Recess is a great time for a Metro Atlanta town hall. When will you hold one? #MuchToDiscuss
.@SenatorIsakson Great point. I'd love to hear your thoughts on this and other important issues. When is your next town hall? #day21
but not Sec of Education where you voted to hire someone who is a complete fail.
this administration deserves no amount of respect. They are wholly UNAMERICAN and those who enable them are as well.
Your support of this ridiculous & dangerous president shows you don't care about the integrity of this office at all.
smh
Presidents Day is also a great day to announce the day and time of your Town Hall in Atlanta.  How about it?! We're waiting
why don't you tell 45 to behave like it is the highest office? #NotPresidentialMaterial
it's a great day to consider what makes a leader worth honoring. Grow a pair and stop the madness!
Your constituents would  love to see you at a town hall meeting.  Or brunch.  Whatever.
clown, white elitist, temporary senator.  Can't wait to say goodbye to you in next election.  You won't be forgotten
the silent majority that elected Trump is watching your actions.
yes, and cry about how the current one is demeaning the office
Are you referring to the special heritage of democracy that you've apparently forgotten in your lust for power?
@IndivisibleGA5 @Indivisible_GA @AtlantaMarch
.@SenatorIsakson The American people need to know whether our current president deserves a place in those ranks or is a Russian agent.
You need to come to Augusta and hold a town hall. Do not stay in your bubble, so disappointed in you. #listentoGavoters
except he who must not be named, right? #harrypotter
@realDonaldTrump
- When will you be holding a town hall? You're on recess this week.
and what of the heritage your constituents kids & grandkids will inherit? How are you honoring that?
And to remember that it's GOP party before country. Profits ahead of public health laws. doesn't care about constituents $$$
, don't do townhall it's a scam, Obama/OFA trolls
show me the Russian transcripts !
Today is a great day to stand up to Donald Trump and support American values and not just follow party lines.
the people of Georgia voted & Trump won. Please support him & do not listen to all these whining losers!
yes and a day to remember politicians that listen to their voters. That would not be you.
Too bad we don't have an Honorable leader now!!
i celebrate Obama
do you have any plans for a townhall for metro Atlanta constituents?
How do you benefit by betraying us and supporting Trump's dangerous agenda? Who's "special heritage?" #NOTMYPRESIDENTSDAY
It's a shame that there are so few worthy of honor presently.
Honor this day by speaking out against Trump's attacks on press. Country before party. Do your job.
Also, a great day to setup an in-person town hall meeting. Stop being Missing In Action... or should I say NO Action.
It would be good for you to reflect on those ideals yourself. Trump is compromised & you're pretending all is normal.
Additionally @SenatorIsakson it's a great time to honor GA voters by scheduling a Town Hall & celebrating the heritage of free speech.
just go along with what the other republicans are doing.
Not the one we have now.
Indeed, today is a great day to honor all the legitimate presidents. #resist
The heritage of screwing people and collecting a paycheck for it.
let's honor their legacy by removing the Russian puppet from the highest office in our country! 
Also a beautiful day for a town hall. Are you free?
except one....
it would have been an awesome day for a #TownHall. I guess you're uninterested in discussing the current Prez w/GA voters?
Fuck the placeholder. Respect the office.
Also a great time for you to schedule a town hall.
You are right! #ThanksObama for 8 amazing years. Miss you more each day!
Can't honor a dictator destroying what other presidents have built. Squatter in the Oval Office is a liar.
And the importance of those holding that office being in full compliance with the Constitution. Wouldn't you agree?
When are you holding a Town Hall Meeting? There are many concerned Georgia citizens who need to be heard by you.
What day is good to honor the people and protect their rights? I'd like to talk to you about how we might do this.
I would like to do that too. How about an in-person town hall meeting?
