Sir, please read each reply here and take to heart the pleas of your constituents. We have great concerns for our beloved .
So, so, so bigly wrong. 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/blogs/right-turn/wp/2017/09/19/seven-takeaways-from-the-weirdest-u-n-speech-ever/ …
What is wrong with you, Senator? He was, to put it mildly, intemperate in his speech. "Rocketman"? This is not normal.
He called another world leader Rocket Man and rashly threatened mass destruction. Is this his version of diplomacy? Frightened.
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill. Do you want to be remembered for taking insurance away from elderly and children?
I cant imagine anything more presidential than calling an unstable leader an incendiary nick name.
@realDonaldTrump embarrassed America and your ignorance to that embarrasses Georgia
Did you get your education at a GA public school? You should have to be smarter than this to be a Senator. Strong American ldrship my ass.
Strong leadership GA.Small bus owner in individual market on BCBS -now leaving Atl market. Left only with Kaiser. Will lose ALL our doctors!
He is unstable please admit that his leadership is short sighted and dangerous for our world. We have a #fakepresident
Then why is he insulting to everyone?
What speech were u listening 2.  That's not what I heard!
It was a dark & dangerous speech, revealing his lack of understanding & wisdom.Your tweet is the same. Sad for GA
See, you make it sound more sane and less reckless then it really was. Stop backing a mad man.
Deep down inside I think you know that Trump represents everything that's wrong with our country. Please don't legitimize him
We need strong leadership in the Senate to stand up to the challenges to our sovereignty coming from in and around the Oval office.
Kim is telling his people the same thing, just not on tweeter
It was a great speech! Glad you support him. Now please repeal Ocare & do tax reform. #trollsdontvote
Vote NO on the GCbill
no he didn't.  This is frightening.
His speech was awful and embarrassing.  You should be standing up to his craziness when he wants to blow up an entire country.
Senator, our Republic is in danger. You must know that @realDonaldTrump is unstable and incompetent. This is your moment to show courage.
Did we watch the same speech? He sounded like a lunatic! It's embarrassing for our country to be represented by him! #NOTpresidential
Trump showed himself to be a ignorant blowhard that loves to hear himself speak. He does NOT represent the majority of Americans. #RESIST
Johnny, you are being intellectually dishonest. Strength is displayed through actions, not words. 45's actions have been anything but...
Hahahaha who was the last leader to threaten anihilation of another country? Khrushchev?
Were you listening to a different speech? He sounded like an 8-yr old bully with a white nationalist speech writer
He has done nothing but alienate our allies and is now trying to play chicken with someone who can and will use nuclear weapons!
Yes but where will we find that leadership?
He also insulted and provoked other countries.  He's disgraceful.
Embarrassing, not representing American feelings.  The man is simply asserting a bunch of crap trying to bolster his sagging poll numbers
Yes, he did called for strong leadership even though he has proven he can't provide it. Neither are you if you approve of his comments there
Leadership and strong sovereignty are a tough combination to reconcile. And he didn't.
Really? THAT's what u call unity??? He s/b rallying the global community, not threatening WAR!! He is despicable as is ur agreement w/ him.
Support our President
It would be great if we only had a strong leader instead of a chaotic, narcissistic fool in charge. Shouldn't you help fix this mess?
He did an awesome job! Thank you @realDonaldTrump for your plain direct talk!
Unpresidential called leader of No.Korea, vile as he,is"rocket man"He's a disgrace as POTUS!We r an embarrassment as a nation #ImpeachTrump
Trump is the biggest embarrassment ever to represent the United States at the UN
He also called Kim Jong Un "rocket man" and threatened to kill 25 Million people!  His EGO is nauseating
Sure a way to get everyone killed! It's not strong leadership it's a 5 yr throwing a tantrum at the UN
What about America's sovereignty? What happens in '18 or 2020? Are they going to help elect every politician now?
Kelly's reaction was all of us.
John Kelly apparently went through some sort of existential crisis during Trump's UN speech. 
Senator, you are better than this.
This president is utterly corrupt & a thoroughly incompetent embarrassment to every principle that has made us great
Trump calls Kim Jung Un "Rocket Man" in a speech to the United Nations. 

This is real life. 
You're going to have to do your job an impeach @realdonaldtrump if you want leadership!! What are you waiting for nuclear war?
Senator, I hope your legacy survives this presidency.  You have a chance to do the right thing...
There's no plot twist here. Johnny will do the wrong thing just as he's done during Trump's entire presidency to date.
Hogwash. You know better, or should by now
If you support Trump, you don't support the USA.
Seriously!!?? 'totally destroy North Korea' if it continues on nuclear path & calling names again-'Rocketman' ???!!! You are defending this?
Sir ... with all due respect .. the admin is talking about a military parade on July 4 ... to show military strength ...so much 4 diplomacy
Our biggest 'challenge to sovereignty' is the potential that a US pres. colluded with a foreign gov't to tamper with our election process.
The biggest thing @realDonaldTrump asserted is that he is batshit crazy and just further damaged our standing with the rest of the world.
Being a buffoon who tweets nonsense & who sometimes reads a speech prepared 4him by white supremacists is your version of strong leadership?
He wasn't strengthening alliances either--he was taking a massive  all over them to the delight of Putin.
& for someone who has been silently complicit to all the damage orange manace has inflicted on our democratic norms, your opinion is void.
You can try to normalize this steaming pile of incompetence & his grifting family all you like, but we all see through you, senator.
Go on & try to take healthcare from poor, elderly & sick to give tax breaks yo your rich friends& donors. We know that's all that matters 2U
In the words of @Acosta -
UN speech was a lot of Trump tweets strung together. Saber-rattling. But no clear doctrine. Threats of confrontation around the world.
So when do we get the strong leadership part? Is that what calling out "Rocketman" and threatening to kill innocent millions is?
What else did he say, Johnny? It was a colossal disaster.
Best speech at U.N. by a President. Oblamo would be stumbling over his tongue apologizing
You're a bot, a crappy one.
Huh
Great speech.                                  Hope you help get healthcare changed now. R&R.   MAGA.  GA is the Best!!!
I could have done without the petty name-calling. Otherwise, he stayed (mostly) on script.
Just saying since I feel like maybe you heard a different speech. One that wasn't embarrassing to civilized people. 2/2
He called a foreign leader names, threatened to kill innocent civilians, and said parts of the world were going to hell. 1/2
Hahahahahaha!!!!!!
