, so you're good with the idea that your party literally stole an appointment from Obama? Shame.
thanks for your dedication! How about we discuss it over a town hall?
Why are you not home in Georgia doing the town hall meeting. Your constituents have questions for you. Come home to Georgia.
Will you serve with wisdom and distinction?  Demand a full inquiry into General Flynn and Donald Trump ties to Russia!
Looking forward to him ruling in favor of big business & against public interest & protections.  Finally a break for the 1%
PS. Merrick Garland would've served with wisdom. I wish u would answer to the hypocrisy of GOP's flip flop on obstructionism
thank u for ur doubts on Puzder. Unsure if it was 4 the same reasons as me but thank u still. Pls investigate #russiagate !
didn't listen to your constituents about DeVos. Why should we expect any difference with Gorsuch? Can't wait for town hall.
and if you don't do something about 45 you won't be serving again #impeach45
What questions did you ask him, and what were his answers?  Just like you were 'encouraged' by Devos and Sessions you mean?
please look into the Russian interference and keep a close eye on bannon and miller in wh.
What questions did you ask?  What were his answers?  We need FACTS, not your encouragement.
.@SenatorIsakson Trump campaign rally in Orlando 2/18. It would be wrong to consider a nominee during campaign. Let voters decide.
when are you going to investigate Russia, and what Trump admin knew? Stop pretending this is normal! Stop covering for him.
How does it compare to your meeting with Garland?
Shame on you for putting your party before your constituents.
disappointed to hear this, but hopeful that you won't be looking to overturn roe v wade.
you are the worst!!!
your willingness to consider each nom on its own merits gives me faith in your judgment #loyalgeorgian
I will accept the Judge Gorsuch if you will stand up to our President when he is wrong...or indecent...or ridiculous.
Disappointed you aren't representing the LOUD voices of constituents and seem to be placating your party. #DoYourJob
put your constituents & your country over your party, sir.
too bad you don't serve with wisdom & the biggest distinction I can cite is your inability to support country over party.
so you know, we're blaming you for this. Trump's a possible traitor, but the GOP are the ones letting him get away w it.
True!!!!! It's disgusting!
you wouldn't know what it is to server quit avoid your constituents!
You had a similar conversation with Merrick Garland a and...oh, wait... Pls host a town hall in Atlanta that you will attend
@GabrielSterling
Don't forget white supremacy.  That's what your after right.
You never seem to consider females when you make decisions. He will be horrible for women. Why don't you care?!?
Support Trump!
.@SenatorIsakson Why not meet with your constituents?  Town Hall meeting in GA, next week?  You represent all of GA. Please listen to us.
you also thought Devos would be a good choice. So I don't trust your judgement at all! #lastterm
Thanks for sharing. In this age of transparency. We choose you, and ask that you lead us well. I hope to see more about this
Encouraging would be a town hall where u heard your voters tell you we're not happy w the whole trump Russia thing
are you saying Garfield Merritt would not have?
vote no to Pruitt. You have grandkids right. Leave them a world worth living in with clean air and clean water.
You mean like the General and Kelly Anne?  When will he publicly denounce the Muslin ban ?
How did your meeting with Merrick Garland go? Oh that's right for you it's party before country. Got it.
How about meeting with Garland! Remember him? Your constituents here in GA sure do!
Judge Gorsuch would NOT protect ALL rights we need.Senator, we need you to represent us all in GA!#voteno #stoppartisanship
sure would like to discuss the SCOTUS in person w/you at a #TownHall during Feb recess
nope not nada #ResistTrumpTuesdays #DoYourJob
How did your meeting go with Judge Merrick Garland? I've heard he, too, would serve with wisdom and grace.
stop worrying about trivial things. We demand a full independent bipartisan investigation connection between Russia/Trump
support the rand paul bill !!!!
Until we determine the legitimacy of this POTUS, no confirmation of Gorsuch. Feel free to consider Merrick Garland
Remember #MerrickGarland?
Why are you not supporting Puzder? Are U becoming a traitor like @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC + Collins & Alaska traitors
I wish you would face the people of GA. Also, Judge Garland. Oh, and Trump/Russia. Pls comment back
#GAvoter here, I'm encouraged to meet with you in a town hall when you return to your district Feb 18th - 26th. #scheduleit
yes pls, come and face "we the people" u represent. Since you r playing duck/cover fr us
he might but you sure as hell don't
Judge Garland would have also served with wisdom & distinction but you refused to give him a vote. Hypocrisy!
Why waste time with a meeting? You will vote as your told to regardless of what's best for Georgia.
I'm sure you felt the same way after your meeting with Merrick Garland. Town hall.
Did you meet with Merrick Garland? Or just refuse to do your job outright.
He will server with a bible in 1 hand & a cross in the other.  As far as I am concerned Johnny, only Merrick Garland will do
very sad your replies are filled with hate - you are doing a great job!
I don't hate him, but feel frustrated
Please host a town meeting so you can share that with your constituents
you dare to consider a SCOTUS nominated by a man who very well might be a traitor? What is wrong with you?
you vote on him & you will rip this nation apart.  You must not consider any nomination from the Trump administration
until an independent investigation into Trump's Russian connections is complete & he is cleared

Justice & decency demand it
No, seat belongs to Merrick Garland! Also, when will you be having a town hall? Your constituents would like some answers.
@wsbtv I live in GA, I vote, I want you to investigate Trump and his ties to Russia.
Great use of time. Meanwhile, RUSSIA!
He'll forever have an asterisk beside his name as that seat rightfully belongs to Merrick Garland.
.@SenatorIsakson  I am DIScouraged by your silence and that of GOP to Russia's threat to our democracy #doyourjob #russiagate
Give me an M!

M!

Give me an E!

E

Give me an R!

R

Give me an R!

R!

Give me an I!

I!

(I'm spelling Merrick Garland)
You helped illegally transfer a SCOTUS nomination from one president to another. Proud? Unforgivable.
I'm your constituent and I would like you to investigate Trump's ties with Russia during the campaign and after election
Do you support an independent investigation into Russian ties in the White House? This is a bipartisan natl security issue
Trump is a fraud, a liar, and very likely treasonous.  Also ***Merrick Garland***
How was your meeting with Judge Garland? Maybe we can discuss it at your town hall.
