must be nice. What healthcare do you have? Tell us. What healthcare
I'm happy you are doing well but I must ask if you care about those who lose ACA and need back surgery? What will they do?
@sendavidperdue meanwhile, Gilmer/Ellijay has had NO HOSPITAL since April, 2016.  Dr.s leaving YOU represent US. Shame
get well soon, Senator.
Isn't it great to have good health insurance that gives you access to such good doctors? It'd be terrible to be uninsured!
Its also bad to have such a high deductible that you can't use it.  That's my son since Afford Care Act.
that was life before ACA too, though. you can thank republicans for obstructing ACA's affordability
Not in our case.  Deductible was reasonable and coverage good.  Kicked off policy because the insurer was not in the state where he lives.
Wonderful that you're a GOP senator with a bad back, not a poor illegal dying with a brain tumor. You're so lucky, Johnny.
good thing you have tax payer healthcare. Hopefully us Georgians will have life saving healthcare after your done with us
My God -- I just realized you're on the Ethics Committee! How on earth -- oh, it's Ethics, not Morality.
Just be grateful you didn't have to go to the Atlanta VA Medical Center!
talking about being a Christian while separating families? Are you really a man of god or just a coward?
good thing you have tax payer provided healthcare. Good thing you don't have to worry about your healthcare being snatched
Lucky you to have us GA schmucks paying for your amazing insurance coverage as you decimate ours. HYPOCRITE
glad you got top notch care. Please save the ACA with revisions so we ALL have access to medical care and surgery. #GA
We may not always see eye-to-eye, but I've had back surgery & I know how tough it is. I wish you a full & speedy recovery.
glad to hear you are recovering. Please hold Trump accountable for his actions!
Please advocate for quality healthcare for all constituents-regardless of religion, veteran status, LGBTQ, or (dis)abilities
answer us Johnny. Why do you deserve healthcare but not us. Pos
you take away ACA because you don't give a damn about us. You won't hold a town hall to answer us
get well soon, mr Senator.
and how much out of pocket do you have to pay?. Lets make health care easy...just open up your insurance to everyone.
get well soon.
.@SenatorIsakson sure hope you're reading all these comments about #saveACA #INVESTIGATEtrump #trumprussia #DoYourJob and get to work!
And what is this HELP Committee? Does that mean you do something like, HELP constituents? How odd, quaint -- wrong.
Hope you have speedy recovery.
Go to the VA and get world class service! Oh, they do not have a cure for snuffaluffagism
Speedy recovery.  When you are healed, time to quit being a coward and face your constituents in person. #DoYourJob
Did you hurt your back carrying all that cash DeVos paid you?
hope you recover fast. Think of those who struggle with healthcare and don't have health insurance like you
Health insurance is great. Too bad you don't care if your constituents need back surgery in the future. Sad!
Your Christianity asks U 2 think of rest of us w severe medical conditions requiring surgery upon consideration ACA repeal.
get well soon. But let's talk about the immigrants that the farming and poultry industry depends on in your state.
If only all of your constituents could have the same thoughts & experiences with healthcare. Repealing the ACA won't do that
time to get up, and get back to work. Your president just banned a sig part of the media. Outrageous!! Do your job!!!!
I take it you will be in Ga a few days
OH that's why you suddenly care about hospitals.
Guess we paid for your treatment with our taxdollars and get NOTHING from y
How about a statement in support the First Amendment and condeming the exclusion of certain press outlets today?
I hope you recover quickly. The rest of Georgians deserve the same quality healthcare.
Glad you are on the mend.  Need you for heavy lifting in DC.
Hope you are back on your feet soon, sir
please don't take away our healthcare. We need surgeries too. 

And investigate Trump's ties to Russia! You work for us.
Speedy recovery.  Pls comment on NY Times banned from press conference. #FreedomOfSpeech
Glad for you that you had access to healthcare.  I know you'll help the rest of us have access too.
praying for a speedy recovery.
Funny, you made time for a high end fundraising dinner, but can't find time to meet with constituents? #DoYourJob
Yesterday your office told me you would be in DC on Tuesday. Now I hear you will be recovering.I feel like I was lied to.
Change the wording on that: I WAS LIED TO BY YOUR OFFICE. SHAME.
I do hope you get well soon. I can 'pitch' hit for you in the senate. AND I will listen to Georgians.
It's a great thing to have health insurance. Why are you trying to take it away from Americans
so what insurance do you have and how does your pension work. We need that plan. South Korea has insurance and education
which only rich people will benefit from, once you dismantle ACA. No sense of irony, huh?
Praying for your quick, easy recovery Johnny!
best wishes for a speedy recovery!
How about giving me and my small business access to the health plan you are on?
Congrats on your business! When you get to the logo part you can count with us! Our website here!
And get well soon Senatory Isakson.
wouldn't it be nice if everyone had access to great health care? Not just the rich and powerful.
Get well soon, sir. Had knee surgery and back surgery already. It isn't fun. Do the PT.
aren't you lucky yo have insurance so you can get the care you need!
I wish you a speedy recovery followed by deep guilt that you work to deprive others of healthcare while you enjoy the best
when you get back, schedule that town hall meeting. I'd like to talk with you about my upcoming back surgery. Will you pay?
ACA saved me from $250K back surgery bill for a preexisting condition. Speedy recovery & when back improve don't repeal ACA
What was your copay?
so glad you get to have health insurance thanks to the US government ! Must be nice.
good thing you have nice insurance. How awful would that have been without it? Put yourself in your constituents shoes. #aca
ok sorry I emailed you wondering why no town hall - Understandable. Get well soon so you can answer the many ?s we have
Take care & heal well! *<{]; D
get well soon! And please consider how different your life would be as one of your constituents unable to afford insurance
Glad you are well. With the ACA other Georgians can get back surgery when they need it.
As soon as you're better, your constituents need to speak with you.
I wish you a speedy recovery.
nice to know we got you covered with our dollars! Now if only our dollars would take care of us. #SaveACA
speedy recovery to you. Thank you again for your help with my family!
, speedy recovery
It must be wonderful to be able to afford that surgery when so many Georgians can't even get to a doctor. SHAME ON YOU!
But only senators and the wealthy deserve such care?
can you add people to your insurance?  We'd all like that peace of mind #healthcare should be a right not a privilege
get better soon so we can do the town hall meeting.  Hey I want your health insurance
best wishes for a speedy recovery, Senator!
I want to see a doctors note before u are excused from missing town halls
seems like an unnecessary surgery since you have no spine...?
We new solurions, not insults.
A speedy recovery. Pls support indep. Bipartisan investigation of Pres and Flynn's ties with Russia.
should also be thankful for your healthcare coverage! Why don't you allow citizens to enjoy the same coverage you do???
glad you have insurance that meets your needs, maybe one day your constituents will be able to say the same 
.@SenatorIsakson here's to a speedy recovery!
Well U never do anything in the Senate so just stay home and get well - U only get in the way of progress
Hope you recover quickly!
praying for ur quick recovery with no complications
Americans are paying for your healthcare, are they not? What makes you so special?
Must be nice to not have to worry about losing your health care. Your constituents would like to know how that feels!!!!!!!!
prayers that your Christianity helps guide you to legislating for the greater good of ALL your constituents. #DoYourJob
I wish I could give this tweet more 's

Great, when is a town hall meeting set for? A concerned Georgia resident.
get better soon and #investigatetrump
Wishing you a speedy & complete recovery. God bless & keep you.
Get well soon. 
There is work to do for the people.  
#SaveACA 
#investigatetrump 
#ImpeachTrump 
Remember you work for US.
Prayers for a speedy recovery Senator.
get well soon, so you can schedule a town hall soon.
Wishing you a speedy recovery so you can get to *our* business of #investigatetrump.
