I wish you had gone a step further and condemned our current President for his comments. If you a going to step forward the time is now.
I'll do it! Trump is a cruel, lying, incompetent, whiny excuse for a President! See how easy it is to find adjectives? I have plenty more!
And we are both Georgia voters. I feel exactly the same. He's a disgrace to our country.
We both love Bruce too! I was in mourning after the election & that was the only music I could listen to. He made me feel safer.
I know. I wish he'd release some new music! I even like listening to his audio book. Something about his voice in soothing,
Until you DENOUNCE @realDonaldTrump LOUDLY and PUBLICLY, you remain complicit in his actions.
As important, what say you about our President's unacceptable comments? Silence equates to acceptance. Is that your position?
That was #pathetic Sir. Do you or do do you not denounce #45 's rhetoric in regards to #WhiteSupremacists #WhiteNationalist ?
Well done. I would add that peace, liberty and respect for fellow man is NOT something all Americans enjoy, and that is the problem.
Now it's time to move to #ImpeachTrumpNow or #25thAmendmentTime
If @GOP don't act to remove, or "disarm" DJT, the American people will never support your agenda/you @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @VP Good speech
Thank you for speaking out against racism and hate.  More action is needed now. 30345
I was there. Great remarks Senator. Thank you for your commitment to preserving the Republic and the heart and Constitution of America!
I would like to see more monuments that recognize slaves. I don't recall ever seeing any.
There's one of Harriet Tubman on Brenau's campus in Gainesville. There may be more but that's the only one I know of
wow and in Gainesville too? Thank you for the info.
I just moved back to Georgia Senator. This speech makes me very happy. Thank you
You can say whatever you want but until you block and remove Trump, Bannon,  Miller & Gorka, you are useless. How will history remember you?
Hopefully you'll be a Champion for Our Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Find Funding For S422 Pass & Support PresumptionOfExposure To AO
Dear Sir, Please stand up to Mr.Trump. Don't let him let hate win.
Please call for the removal of white nationalists from the Oval Office.  Tax $'s should not pay their salaries!  @SenatorIsakson
Senator Isakson you supported Trump as a candidate, as GOP Nominee, and as President. You are a Racist too !
Easy to condemn white supremacists, harder to condemn president. Congress puts party before country.
Sir, @SenatorIsakson   Are you willing to stand up and call out Trump by name?
Sounds like you heard loud and clear at the town hall that you have deeply disappointed your constituents. Good. Change. Listen. Help us.
What are you going to do? Enough with the words. We need you to act.
I have been w/ you since "Rock the Boat" in '96. Well the boat is a rockin'. We need #leadership to step up and steady it. #Charlottesville
Senator while I appreciate your speech what I, as a constituent, would really appreciate is a public denouncation of @Potus 's comments
Speaking is good, action is better.  Georgians & all Americans need you to lead a bipartisan effort to stop the madness - protect our values
You still don't get it Johnny but you will come Election Day.
This is serious and actions speak louder than words.
My goodness. You were moved to say you love our country & you like a handful of specific people? That's supposed to heal or denounce racism?
I am moved that you are a Trump enabler and refuse to place country over party. 

You will own ALL the results of your perfidy.
Remove this president from office. You are morally obligated to do so if you claim to be a man of conscience.
I now see Trump's jobs strategy; he creates additional #FakeNews jobs every time he opens his mouth - what a genius! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Before more people get hurt, you MUST take a stand with the @GOP and DEMAND Trump step down. He created this divide and he's fanning flames.
Stop the outrage and show us some action with moral and ethical leadership. Time to silence and disown Trump, the racist in chief!
Nice speech, but please publicly condemn Trump's comments. He is encouraging these hate groups. This nation will not stand if he continues.
You've shown time & again that you're not going to do a damn thing to stand up to Trump & his people, i.e. the alt-right white nationalists.
You all own this mess.
I missed your response to DT's inappropriate remarks. Please re-post it. Kthx.
Johnny, did you say anything about the lunatic in the WH? After Trump's new conf. yesterday, there is no doubt. He is an unhinged racist.
I don't vote GOP, ever. But your ending remarks here about recommitting yourself to what is right spark respect. Thank you, senator.
I think you said "We have a constitution. When someone commits a hateful act, don't look the other way."
Did I miss anything?
Was looking for denouncement of violence, Nazis, Antifa, White Supremacists, KKK, anyone. And a call for action we can participate in.
Calling out @realDonaldTrump would have been a leadership step as well. Telling us that #Trump is misguided and ...
does not represent your own views would tell us whether our past support for you was wise. I know you are courageous. It's time to show it.
#NeverRepublicanAgain
Thank you Senator Isakson... now push, push, push... we need to reach across aisles and govern... step out be THAT leader sir!!!
PLEASE introduce legislation to remove control of nuclear weapons from the hands of .@realDonaldTrump !!!
Russia, Russia, Russia, Bigot, Bigot, Bitgot, White Supremacist, White Supremacist.  The democraps and fake news are SICK To The CORE.
Words matter. Action matters more. Time for GOP to follow up their words with action. Denounce @POTUS And remove Confederate monuments now!
This is fine. But you need to hold the President of the United States accountable. You need to call him by his name.
And what kind of dues do you intend to pay when your party tells you to keep supporting the 45th POTUS?
Please stand up to Trump for the those you represent. Please denounce him, groups who only stand for hate & truly show where YOU stand.
Please stand against Trump and make this right. You have a duty to your people.
I am heartened by your words. But please don't let them be empty. I implore you to follow those words with concrete actions.
Nation cannot survive 3+ years of this, it has been nonstop horror show.  We need you to do what is best for USA and #impeachtrump
What is the world is this bunch of nonsense?  You, like your President, avoided condemning individuals with hate as their only agenda. BOO!
Denounce Trump. Anything less is cowardness.
I'm a Democrat who keeps looking for reasons to not like you, but you continue to do and say things I admire. This speech was one of them.
very beautiful speech but it seems to contradict ur actions. U seem 2 support #45 and put party before country.
Please help us get rid of Trump or the blood will be on your hands now
Did you bring up your disgust with @POTUS by name. You need to call him out for supporting white supremacists! #DoYourJob
Please work to remove Confederate memorials from Georgia and elsewhere.
I think it′s time to start History Book Burning as the historic monuments are being Dishonored to please the new American Nazi/Daesh Regime.
But what say you of Donald Trump, who has not unequivocally condemned the neo-Nazis and racists and who you supported?  Please speak up!
Voters' gave the @GOP the @HouseGOP @SenateGOP & @POTUS now, support each other and oath of office to protect the US Constitution
"Injustice in America anywhere is an injustice everywhere." -MLK
Thank you, Senator.
please put actions to these words.
Thank you. Now demand impeachment! Make your words count!
You did ok and did a nice balancing act.  You did not speak about Donald Trumps opinions regarding Charlottesville. Where do you stand?
Took you to say ANYTHING how long? 4 days? WOW Johnny your hitting out of the park.
Thank you for supporting our POTUS, he is being attacked from all sides by the media and liberal Alt left.
But ur not denouncing President's remarks! U need 2 take a stand against Trump's remarks supporting White Supremacy/Neo-Nazism #ImpeachTrump
I saw the footage, there were many hate groups attacking one another and Trump called it like it was. I hope you are supporting our POTUS.
And yet, you lacked the intestinal fortitude to denounce Trump by name. Why is that, Senator?
Your words were honestly very moving. I mean that, I had tears in my eyes. Can I please ask your thoughts on Trump's words?
