I am ashamed that you think denying refugees access to safety is American.
They can't all come here. What do you think the population of the world is versus that of the US?
you're right, they can't. But not allowing any isn't a compromise, and sets a bad example for the world.
yes let's not worry about the safety of our own country's citizens because it might set a bad example
not all refugees are terrorists. I don't understand the difficulty to extend empathy to fellow humans.
no sir. Just muslims. Do you think we're stupid?  This is NOT AMERICAN!  Shameful. #votethemout #RESIST #treason
as your constituent I implore you to investigate the terrorism in the White House and its  Russian connection
What are you doing about Trump following terrorist??? They are the real threat to us all.  Are you one of THEM?
It will also keep out international students, tourists, artists, and scientists. Is that what you want?
.. @SenatorIsakson @POTUS if you all could rid of the domestic terrorist that would be awesome.
As a person who I assume identifies as Christian, can you explain why your empathy extends to Americans only? #muslimban2
You've been drinking the Koolaid again. Or do the Russians have something on you as well? This is shameful and wrong.
There have been no terroristic crimes in the United States from any of those countries in over seven years.
No, it won't. This is shameful hate-mongering. We have extreme vetting. Why isn't Saudi Arabia on that list?
just stop. #MuslimBan
please stop with the fear mongering. We're not buying into it.
Not everyone from these countries is a terrorist or criminal. "Total and complete ban" is a lazy way of leading.
And yet more support for a deranged and corrupt @POTUS admin. Once @POTUS crashes, your constituents will punish you.
No, it will not! Garbage sirs!
As ur constituent, our country has remained protected w current system. Biggest threats r coming from within w white males.
please offer some #facts to back your claims.  Real facts not #alternativefacts
In 10 days? With old vetting now okay for ppl who got visas?  POTUS only made US look like clowns
Immigration should be halted for everyone save the self sufficient immigrant. Tax $ funding migrants is absurd #MAGA
and refugees? Can you explain why suffering refugee women and children need to be kept out?
put lipstick on the pig but the Republican ban still oinks.
Did u not take work to catch up on after surgery? Can't be bothered to read reports like #Putinspuppet?
instead of being sharing being another of @realDonaldTrump mouthpiece do your job and fact check him on his Fakeness
this is still a Muslim ban. It's not protection, it's racist.
what does this EO do that previous vetting was not to keep terrorists and criminals out of the US
SHAME on you for supporting and promoting this and other lies told by the trump administration. We want TRUTH
no it won't.  It acts as a calling card for hate. You have never offered any substance whatsoever to back your claims
if you've ever reviewed America's immigration system you'd know that America immigration system already screens for that
No it is a Muslim ban which is illegal  U are walking in the trump's footsteps & can only get on ur shoes
not according to the DHS Intelligence Report, Senator. That's it, I'm done with you #Trumprussia
Great! Help turn GA blue. It's past time.
watch me vote very soon in my 6th district #FlipThe6th
yes! #revengeofthe6th 
We've asked you not to support Trump. You refused. Expect to lose your Senate seat.
we already have sufficient screening processes on place. This is a War on Religion.  Just not your religion
This ban is fear-mongering at its worst. I'm more likely to be injured by a GA driver using her cell phone. Focus!
@republicanbuzz No more 3rd world migrants who are dependents of gov! Well qualified, self sufficient immigrants, OK
Scholars and professions in HLS say this makes America less safe. What proof do you have to make such a statement?
Not so much. If you think we're not going to push back against this one just as much as the last one, you're wrong.
no, it will make us more despised and international targets
Why aren't the countries Trump has business ties w/ not on this list?This isn't 4 our country but 4 his pockets #NoBanNoWall
trying 2 distract from Russia. Appoint a special prosecutor 2 investigate our government conspiring with Russia. #DoYourJob
Untrue.Most terrorists from Saudi Arabia,Egypt,Pakistan-why are they not included? Does @POTUS have business holdings there?
what evidence do you base these claims on?
I have never agreed w all your decisions or policies but I had deep respect for you. Sad to say that respect is gone.
Homeland Security doesn't think this will make us safer & neither do most Americans. See y'all back in court, I guess
no sir it won't. No one from these countries have attacked us. We have extreme vetting already. Smokescreen is not policy.
we already have one of the most stringent vetting processes in the world.
Magical thinking as always
keep telling yourself that as harmful rhetoric/exclusion make America less safe & hate crimes continue to rise.
that goes against what most national security experts have said about this erroneous executive order
No it won't! Quit bowing before 45 and stand up for what's right.
Normal vetting takes care of this. Do you job & check the executive branch. This constituent is not being represented
I am disappointed in you.
.@SenatorIsakson @POTUS except it won't. It will keep out folks who make America great and give those that hate is more reason to do so.
.@SenatorIsakson please provide evidence that our current vetting procedures don't do this already. Facts. Over. Fear.
, such an asinine statement. DHS disagrees! No attacks on American soil from ppl born in these countries. What about Saudi?
and also ordinary people and refugees in need. I imagine you call yourself a Christian, why don't you act like one
Bullshit and u know it !
Not according to Dept of Homeland Security. Have some guts and stand up for what is right.
BOO.  Shame
, we're waiting for a statement decrying @POTUS's unsubstantiated wiretap claim!
no worries Johnny you know most of your voters are the silent majority.the way these libs act you should get comfortable
As a grandchild of Holocaust survivors, I oppose this travel ban and find it unnecessary for our safety.
#FlipThe6th then #Flip2018 #Flip2020 #FlipGASenators. We need #ACCOUNTABILITY in @congressdotgov & @GASenatePress
Since 9/11, nobody has been killed in US in a terrorist attack by anyone who emigrated from any banned countries
thank for supporting the @POTUS proud Georgian proud American
Your views on foreign policy are ignorant, short-sighted, and put us in even more danger for terrorism. Thanks for nothing.
I think a reply to some of these comments is in order. Especially since you're dodging town halls
No it won't. 9/11 was planned by Saudis. DHS says no danger from banned countries. Think for yourself. Stop following Trump.
Clearly you won't pass gun control laws, so we need to round up all the wht men for those private funded Detention Centers?
How do you plan to keep us safe from the several white male terrorists who've killed or injured Ppl THIS YR alone??
Not to mention, no terrorists have come from those countries. It's an unconstitutional, racist & shameful document.
We already HAVE THAT. If you don't know how strenuous the vetting currently is, then you don't deserve to be in congress
how about investigating Trumps connection with.Russia?
unless, like the 9/11 terrorists, they hail from countries not on the list.
How about going after angry white christians who do mass shootings? There are more of them in one year than muslim!
protect us from hate groups, investigate Trumps Russians ties, quit scapegoating Muslim immigrants.
What evidence do you have there has been anyone from these countries that were/are terrorist. Sticking 2 the DJT line
ridiculous. You really need a history lesson. Show some leadership. 45 & GOP recklessness make us less safe.
It's a MUSLIM BAN. Stop sugar coating. We have more home grown terrorist, especially as of recent. Wake up, Senator!
It will keep out more good men, women & children seeking refuge, opportunity and freedom. Your position ignores #facts.
a Muslim ban is un-American! Shame.
I continue to be disappointed in those that "represent" me in Congress. You will not receive a vote from me at reelection!
On what evidence? None has been provided. This is irresponsible and not at all what you campaigned on.
you don't represent the rational people of GA.  Time for you to go.
what about Pakistan and Saudis??
this kind of nonsense does nothing but help create/recruit terrorists while defying American and Christian principles
no it won't. It will hurt innocent immigrants like my husband.
And, the USA was no longer the USA. The GOP cont. the war on culture & values, & then gave us terror, mistrust, &  tyranny.
, you have no decency or morals. You just line up behind idiocy and fearmongering. This does NOTHING to make us safer.
It will succeed in leaving the most desperate and needy refugees from those countries without hope.
Senator Isakson, with all due respect, what about SAUDI Arabia & UAE from which the 9/11 terrorists came from?
Ooh, Johnny, you condemned the last #MuslimBan but they got to you, didn't they? Shame shame on you.
great job! Now stand with him!!
I am so disappointed that you continue parroting 45's racist fascist rhetoric. What about Russia's inv in election?
Why doesnt it ban travel from places the terrorists have actually come from in the past? You are an embarrassment
Nonsense. This is theater. Meanwhile, @POTUS is selling us out to Putin. On your watch, Senator.
Nope. Plus why not Pakistan? Wasnt bin Laden LIVING THERE when we took him out? This is a crock.
quit trying to convince your constituents to believe that lie. Native born terrorists are the real threat!
you support division and bigotry by supporting this ban.
your term will end, and you have lost my vote. You do not represent me, or America.
or do you just believe that american men can not be terrorists.
No, sir, if anything it will give further credence to the message ISIS is spreading.  This is wholly un-American!!
do you have any comments about the radical Christians in this country? Or the recent domestic terrorism?
not all muslims are terrorists, not all refugees are terrorists. You are shortsighted, just like @potus
I respectfully disagree.  When will we have a town hall to express our concerns back here in GA?
This is another muslim ban, wrapped in a different package. You are manipulating people with FEAR!  #NoBanNoWall

Calls to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. are offensive and unconstitutional.
You are as clueless as the president you serve.
no it won’t.
are you going to respond to POTUS insane tweet about wire taps? Or does the US have (a) lunatic(s) in charge?
you and your friend @sendavidperdue are sorry excuses for representation, wish y'all were up for reelection tomorrow #gtfo
wrong
is POTUS going to respond to aggression in N. Korea or did the busboys at Mar a Lago not give him any good ideas?
not one terror incident due to people from these countries, why not target the real sources of terror?
we will remember how you stood by and defended this tyrant.
our vetting process is already extreme & we are already one of the safest countries! Stop putting party over country,coward!
we need all the help we can get in this regard. Thank God for President Trump.
go see your constituents stop hiding
Since reports from our own State Department say it is unnecessary I doubt what you say has any merit whatsoever
You know dam well it's just another Muslim Ban!!#TRUMPRUSSIA #TRUMPGATE #TRUMPLIES #TRUMPPUTIN #TRAITOR #TRUMPGATE
Really? Let's review each country in ban and list terrorist activities directed at US. Stop being 45's lackey.
if you're worried about terrorists, start putting white men with access to guns on your watchlist
says who?  Not DHS...so, who?
What will we do to protect people from shootings by white nationalists, like the man who shot 2 Engineers from India?
(crickets) it's only fun if we are blaming defenseless people.
why is Saudi Arabia excluded? 15 of the 9/11 terrorists were from Saudi Arabia?
you should be opposing anything that bars based on religion...we already have intense vetting
why isn't Saudi Arabia on this unpatriotic list?Obviously @POTUS business ties supersede National Security!Hold a town hall!
No, Senator, it is a ban on Muslims. #NoBanNoWall
You mean all the terrorist hot spots so happen to be Islamic states? Wow, you are on to something. #MAGA
you are on the wrong side of this one, sir.
Terrorists aren't coming from those countries, refugees are. It's inhumane, and it's bigotted, and you are complicit.
will it keep criminals out of the white house as well? there's been several lurking around the oval the last 2 months
man up, & hold a down hall! Otherwise, enjoy your last term in office... your constituents will not tolerate being ignored.
no citizen of the banned countries has committed a terroristic act in the US. Saudi Arabia citz committed 9-11.
fear mongering at best. We already have extreme vetting! your a coward and have clearly chosen party over country!
