Thanks for your effort working on our budget issues. Definitely an opportunity for improvement.
To add, looking forward to hearing more details. I love hearing about compromises in DC these days.
Fine. How about listening to and responding to your constituents and not just your misguided & infighting party leadership?
How would you know.  Selling off America and the people of Georgia @SenatorIsakson
Fellow constituents: either #NoonDeVos #NoOnSessions or we vote NO on @SenatorIsakson come mid-terms.
he was just reelected so he will serve his full 6 year term until after next Pres. election...
your right, my mistake, but we shouldn't forget. I know I won't.
totally! Keep up the awareness, engagement and the heat!
you sold out GA kids for party politics. You and Devos are a disgrace. Typical Washington hypocrites- $ is all you hear now.
I thought you meant pay taxes.  I hope the president does that this year.
By voting for someone who has no experience in Education 2022 can't come any faster
Please call the senator's DC office & let your voice be heard.  202-224-3643 #NoonDeVos
I keep calling - everyday and now the voicemail is broken
I got through around 11am. In 2 weeks I've only gotten a live person 2x. 
I tried twice today and they said all@phone lines were busy and to call back
We're all hoping but I think we all know how Isakson will vote. The @GOP wants to privatize edu.
Thanks, Johnny, I would support this! Now, about Betsy DeVos #NoOnDevos
#GAVoters want you to be a person of principle and do what is right. No to #Devos. No to mega donors. No to #PaytoPlay.
Get real jobs? Work for a living? Buy our own healthcare? Enjoy your last term in office. Time for a change #resist
How many calls, tweets, letters & protests do we need to send your way for you to vote NO on Betsy DeVos? Think long & hard.
buy your own healthcare?  fund your own retirement?  Great Ideas!!!
NO DEVOS
Good move.  Now please vote NO DeVos or I will stop support and will back those running against you. Do the right thing.
suggestion - limit bills to one topic. Make the language easy to understand. Say no to pork barrel.
Interesting proposition, but hoping this doesn't mean slashing things like the NEA, infrastructure funding, etc.!
you sold our children out with your partisan bullcrap. Remember 11/6/18 the day you finally get fired if you run again.
please listen to your constituents - vote No on: Devos Price Pruitt Perry Session Bannon
You sold out our schools. Time to put you out of a job.
Vote No in DeVos.
Clicked it & halfway through puked all over my keyboard.  Methane, coal water, medicare, ss, arbitration, selling us out?
how dare u say anything about the American family when u voted to destroy our educational system. You don't deserve your job
why?  it's not a family, it's a government
Can we give ourselves a $2,500 raise this year? My retirement check just went down due to medical premiums!
VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!! The people demand it! I'm a Georgia voter and we're watching.
Vote no on DeVos - you can't really believe she is qualified!??
it's time for you to stand up for us in GA. Vote NO on DeVos. Grow a spine and oppose Trump!!
especially the ones that will be without healthcare and pensions thanks to GOP
please vote No for  nominee DeVos to save our schools.
vote NO on DeVos! That's what your constituents want! You represent is! Remember that!
thank you for reaching across the aisle on this. More bipartisan work, please! #UnitedweStand
Please vote "NO" on Beverly Devos. For Christ's sake, shouldn't the Sec. of Ed at least have a degree in Education???
Thank you! I can support this measure. I cannot support DeVos. We are counting on you to be just.
Thank you! It has been time for awhile now....
vote yes on Devos. Also, repeal Obamacare. There's no repairing it.
don't try to change subject. Need 2 B addressing #theDeVos vote. She's unqualified and dangerous to public education.
, please show some integrity. Vote your conscience. Our children deserve the best. #NotoDeVos #nogrizzlybears
What are taking away to pay for "the wall?"
Like pay for their own health insurance? What's your monthly bill?
VOTE NO DEVOS    Don't be a disgrace to your state and family.  This women is completely unfit and you know it!!!
This looks great Senator.
please listen to the people of GA and vote NO on DeVos! My children deserve better!
in my family we don't allowed unqualified people to control our child's education. Listen to your state and vote no on Devos
Richmond county parents, teachers and students want strong public schools and qualified leadership. Represent us #ganoDeVos
Families want strong public schools. Vote no DeVos #gavoternoDeVos
It's time that Washington starts representing constituents. Vote NO on DeVos, a poor candidate.  Also, fix your voicemail.
It's time for Washington to stop listening to their wallets and start listening to constituents.  Vote NO on DeVos.
Is that why @SenatorIsakson you support Republican ACA repeal? Will you do without healthcare like Georgian families will have to do?
Vote NO on DeVose . She in not qualified to lead the Dept of Education. Listen to the people of Georgia.
a bipartisan bill out of the Senate????? Can't believe it!! But great job
No more toll roads in Georgia.
Speaking w/Georgians on both sides of the aisle,NO ONE wants DeVos.Lots of chatter from hardcore Repubs re: voting you out.
let us know you voted no for Devos!! Please don't force our ED system to suffer b/c your scared to stand up for what's right
No on DeVos or I put money to support to your district opponent and or to DNC opponents.
Vote no on Devos and stop ignoring constituents.
Ok now we have Betsy Devos Ad's playing in GA. That means you are trying to convince us but you know how we feel!
Pretty sure every American family doesn't shut down the govt over their budget tantrums like GOP.
then get to work!  No on DeVos and resist Trump
Good idea. But first vote NO on DeVos!  Not qualified.  Our kids are not a profit center!!   Milton resident
#NoonDeVos is nonpartisan. Not one Rep or Dem was in favor of school choice. http://video.gpb.org/video/2365946935 …
#gavoters want you to vote #nodevos. Please listen to your constituents! These kids are our future.
Vote no on DeVos, she will destroy public education.  We need support not destruction of public education.
Your voice mail is full.
Again!
No on Devos.
If it has Jeane Shaheen's support, it's worth consideration.
vote NO on DeVos!!!
I support this bill Senator now please support GA voters & vote #NOonBetsyDeVos
.@SenatorIsakson What every family has to do is ensure quality education for their kids. Please vote NO on the appointment of Betsy DeVos.
what else is in this bill that is not being spoken about?
American families shouldn't  worry about the quality of their children's education doing their budget. VOTE NO DEVOS
Use their brains and convictions to vote against Betsy DeVos?!
it's time to vote no on DeVos because she is not qualified.
@ajc When are you going to host a town hall meeting?
stand up and do what's right vote no for DeVos
vote to confirm
protect our borders
Great!  Please also remember to provide some feedback to us about how many calls/emails/tweets you got for/against DeVos!
A good and sensible proposal. I look forward to more of this, including no votes for Sessions and DeVos.
And make a pledge against Betsy Devos?  Seems like everyone in your state has called and pledged the same.
It would help the budget to vote NO on Devos. Her reckless behavior will cost the education of our youth and future.
focus on today! vote no on Devos.
I don't care about your budget right now. I would rather you acknowledge your constituents' voice and VOTE NO on DeVOS!
vote no on devos that is what americans want you to do! GOP on thin ice with Party or people. #NoonDeVos
It's time you stop telling us what to and listen to what #GAVoters have to say #NoonDeVos #impeachTrumpnow #WeAreWatching
As for this bill THANK YOU! Trump keeps promising to spend with no real plan! This one you got right!
I agree. Now where do you stand on the DeVOS nomination? I expect you will do the right thing and vote no.
So, Nero. You fiddle while Trump burns down democracy. E. Cobb constituent. 35 years GOP voter. No more. STOP TRUMP.
And is the wall in your budget, Senator?
vote no on Devos she will hurt those you represent. What are you doing for the million + in Georgia living in poverty?
Vote NO on DeVos
it's time for you to represent your constituents & stand up to @realDonaldTrump
