
Yes 100 times over!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHHRZXAZtck …

Many people make great and tremendous sacrifices! We ALL deserve best care possible! PLEASE stop categorizing Americans! It's DESTRUCTIVE
SWAMPMASTER McConnell

Better hurry, it's already Wednesday! You guys pretty much knock each other over trying to get out of DC on Thursday  Do the right thing!
Just stop you are not going to do anything for America except rip us off go back home please
Should have made that plan before sending them to war you gutless cull
Then pass #TheRaiseAct and stop destroying wages so #Veterans can take care of themselves and their families.
You pathetic patsies need to grow a spine.  It is sickening to watch.  I am a Veteran and Obamacare hurts me.  Make Congress use the VA!!!
Doubt you guys will pass anything. Just empty promises, dangling the carrot. YOU JUST LOST BIGLY!
All American should have excellent health care and yes I'm a veteran...
We the people deserve to have the draconian and tyrannically motivated Obamacare repealed too.  It's BS it hasn't been.  #ReplaceMcConnell
So, DO IT! AND repeal Obamacare, balance the budget, AND support Trump in his agenda, which the PEOPLE voted for. Don't be so INCOMPETENT!
You better get moving, if u don't, considering going to your state to hit doors against your reelection
Mr McConnell, you need to skip vacation and hammer out a healthcare repeal/replace
Because 7 years wasn't long enough?


ALEC, Mercer and Koch Brothers too m
And @gop want to remove financial protections for vets to stop Payday loans and bank foreclosures go ahead cheat vets!!
Shame on senate Rep. that are control by minority Dems. Obama appointees confirmation in 6 months was 206 and Trump 55. #GOP Weakness
Maybe Trump should 1) nominate more people and 2) nominate qualified people.
Why should he?  No other President has had to its bull.  Looks like he will though.
GOOD JOB SIR
The sad part is you just say bullshit and people swallow it.
Will this include transgender veterans ?! Will you allow discrimination on them !? @SenateMajLdr
So, do it. Certainly it is not as hard as Obamacare.
hmmm
All Americans deserve the best care possible, do your damn job and repeal o'care!!!
Another rich bullshit statement from the Turtle determined to take away healthcare from our veterans.
I agree about the Veterans.., 
Now, what do the rest of us deserve? Youve lost as much moral authority as Trump! Bipartisan is PatrioticDuty
Mitch, you don't care about Veterans, if you did you would honor them by standing up to the worthless disaster in the WH. You dishonor them.

Why is a single, government managed and paid system best for them and not for general population?
I'd like to be able to purchase health insurance but Obamacare stymied that option. Now I'm without.
We can't take your word for anything about who you care for. You know that right?  Don't USE our veterans like you always do.
Oh, yeah!  The same vets you were also going to cut off health care & other assistance.  Do you think we don't pay attention?
I agree that veterans deserve excellent care; but how is it that non-veterans don't even deserve adequate care?? #ACA
McCain really knocked you on your ass
Stay in DC cancel vacation get some work done.
LOL on THIS work period

U guys take more time off than teachers get nothing done when U R in DC

#DoYourJob & support #POTUS agenda
I am a Veteran and you need to pass repeal of O care tax cuts and fund Damm wall !!!

Americans deserve the best Congress possible.  RESIGN.
Time to retire Mitch.
How bout cutting expanded medicaid billions Obama stole to fund medicaid expansion cut reimbursement to doctors we have fewer choices care
Who do you think you're kidding Mitch. This is first step to privatization of VA medical care. How much money you getting to pass this?
No! Pull the VA from underneath the ACA! Also require ALL military Congressional members to use the VA
You want to screw us veterans. We are wise to your lies
But gov run healthcare is so great. Isn't that why senate kept Obamacare
Will this bill also screw veterans based on when they entered the service just like the new GI Bill ending the deadline to use benefits only
If you join after 2018...... It should have been a change to all military members with education remaining. And on top of that making
Changes to eliminate and combine related programs should have occurred since the benefits should be based on years of service, not what year
You happened to enlist
Then explain why you obstructed when @BarackObama was prez?  You're a despicable SOB...
YOU CARE FOR NO ONE 
Obamacare you dunce, work on obamacare
Senate did great VA Accountability & Whistleblower Protection Acts. Liberals do not want to go on record as "anti-Vet"; So Choice will pass.
Keep the veteran cover with the best health coverage.
Take away all senators inc. You special health coverage 
SHOW THE PEOPLE YOU CARE .!
Wouldn't they get cared for if UNIVERSAL HEALTH was passed and wouldn't the money being used for their care now go to cover the cost?
Let's make sure we take care of everyone
Funny...1) I don't remember anyone campaigning on this and 2) It was already extended in May. Still not voting for incumbent GOP...
I work at  VA hospital for 30 years, I saw how all of you took care of the veterans, not very well. Constantly cutting money to run hospital
Yes they deserve to have their Medal of Honor awarded to them by someone who has honor
How long have U been in Senate? This Vet issue would not be a problem if U did your job. Distraction from your Russian collusion? Traitor.
We must take care of our nation's Citizens, they deserve the best care possible.
#hash tag - it just doesn't work like that
Quit patronizing us
"Meanwhile, my other hand is still trying to kick 7000000 vets to the curb via ACA repeal." M McConnell.
They deserve your health insurance plan and services. Can we make that happen this session? Thanks!
You also need to stabilize the #ACA
why didnt hero democrat mccain go to veterans hospital>> not good enough
So...Let's move Vets fr failed socialized medicine to free market and move the rest of us fr free market to failed socialized medicine?
Oh, remind us all how long you have been in Congress again. RIDICULOUS!
Make sure the new bill states 50 miles from the veterans hospital. All the half day clinics disqualify us from using it.
Single Payer @SenateMajLdr
They have always deserved the best care, yet republicans have repeatedly voted against providing care for them. Hypocrite!
Ur BS wont cut it now! Uve waited way too late
TRUMP DON'T LIKE VETERANS SO YOU CAN FORGET THAT. HE IS A DRAFT DODGER!!!
Are u smoking or snorting the cocaine your father in law & wife transportd??! Perhaps lay off, your lies are growing more absurd by the term
You are such a hypocrite. You consistently voted to NOT support them.
#Mitchocrite
I like that. #mitchoctite
OH NO LEADER U AND @SpeakerRyan SPJUST KEEP BRINGING IN REFUGEES CONSTANTLY THEY HATE US DO NOT ASSIMILATE SO MATTERS NOT THE WORLD IS FREE
Did you just figure this out, what have you been doing for the Vets while in office, probably nothing
We have veterans choice & have 4 yrs We just can't use it if there is a clinic w/in 40 min even if the clinic doesn't provide our services.
Under Obama there was a Veterans Jobs bill that you and other Republicans voted against. You aren't fooling anyone Spineless Mitch.
Will we see what this one is before you vote on it? Vets want healthcare too. Please Release call tallies on HC!
THAT'S FUNNY OBSTRUCTIONIST, YOU'VE HAD 5 TERMS, OVER 30+ YRS TO DO SOMTHG FOR R VETERANS, ESP. IN KY BUT YOU HAVEN'T! JUST MADE URSELF RICH
All your bills suck some how ,"resign"
Including Transgender Veterans
You Need To Repeal Obama Care Or Resign !!!!
The rest of us need good care too. How can you break your promise on  #FullRepeal?
Easy it's the GOP
What are you doing to protect US from Putin? Nothing!
I'm a veteran and I want you to resign
NO VACATIONS! This isn't a country club! Do your job!

@FoxNews @SpeakerRyan @POTUS I thought u we're against social programs. Healthcare for vets. Ur being very generous.

Unbelievable McConnell. Simply unbelievable. Just more lies from you. You will do a thing to screw our Vets. You have no honor.
You have no credibility. For good of party and country, resign as Leader.
Homeless .....picture that: Homeless heroes
Are you going to secure our safety by dealing with tbe Trump-Putin collaborations?
Taxpayers cant afford healthcare insurance as it is they should not be paying for hormones or transgender surgery in military.
Like you care about people's health.  What a joke!
From the tweets of your cic looks like like he and his does not respect military sacrifices
Duly regarding our POW returnees as true heroes might be a good start, you self-absorbed "outsider" endorser, you!
WE ARE ON WALL, PHYSICALLY AND EMOTIONALLY, PREVENTING DEATH AND DESTRUCTION COMING TO OUR COUNTRY AND OUR PEOPLE.  "SOMEBODY GIVE A DAMN"
Instead you and your colleagues receive the best care being exempt from O'care

Vets and military continue to sacrifice. Fully fund Military medical needs.

Are you askin for permission? Resign..@SenateGOP
Nobody trust's you because you are a weasel....you have lost the trust of the American people.go home.! prepare for jail..Mueller is coming.
Hell throw them in Ocare we know the rest of us have been stuck with it while you all have great HC so fair #wolvesinsheepsclothing
America deserves the same care you people have or better and nobody should die or go broke waiting for it.
Apparently @SenJohnMcCain already has a choice. I don't see him going to the VA.
@POTUS
@LouDobbs
@DeptVetAffairs

Mitch McConnell you are utterly irrelevant. And what you think is of no importance to anyone but, you.@
Start by telling our POTUS that a soldier is a soldier is a soldier. Transgender or not.
Now you want to take care of Veterans! For 8 years @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP blocked all attempts! What a Con you all are!
You're all talk and no action. If I went to work and did nothing I wouldn't have a job. I'm not sure how you still have yours. Term limits
No... you all need to keep your promise and repeal and replace obamacare... stop distracting
What you need to do is pass a law mandating members of Congress use the VA or ACA for health care like the rest of America.
And this is why people like you.
Question, Y has our Elected Fed Govt FAILED AKA Refused / Ignored our Veterans for decades yet now you say its time its has always been time
In the same way you managed to get Obamacare repealed for the entire nation. Why even bother to put out these moronic tweets
They should have the same Privileges as you Mitch . Veterans our the Protectors of our Constitution and they Understand Country Before Party
why not give us all the same healthcare you got
@POTUS You need to amend #IGAct to allow private cause action when DoD/DVA IGs engage in cover ups #FeresDoctrine @whpresscorps @VERPAInc
What about McCain going to a VA? Why not strip subsidies from the Sen and House?
Yes, but I don't understand why VET groups had to tell you that paying for Choice should never come out of a Disabled Vets Disability CHECK

You don't



http://www.theblaze.com/podcasts/vietnam-veteran-treated-despicably-by-funeral-home-because-they-hadnt-been-paid/ …

https://backchannel.com/thousands-of-veterans-want-to-learn-to-code-but-cant-7ed60c167a61?gi=d702dc73ead …

Unbelievable hypocrisy!  You just tried to deny their families healthcare!  #resign
Frankly, you are the last person Americans would trust to provide "the best care possible" for anyone.
"Work Period" U made a Funny!!! Ha!!





I agree. But work on appeals and disability claims process




Then get your lazy ass to work and stop wasting taxpayer $$ on "TRYING" to repeal something that will kill people. #DITCHMITCH2020

#SignSanctionsBill


and don't go home until you #repeal #obamacare
We must take care of all Americans who need health care and repeal and replace Obamacare
feeling a little shitty that @realDonaldTrump will put you on obamacare now? take away all the subsidies @SenateFloor
Do the best possible thing for our veterans. Give them Universal Health Care and let them see any doctor, any hospital.
Fund the VA hospitals!  Old. foolish man!
When in doubt invoke veterans! Where were you all these years. Now you need some some cover. Well done.
We know you don't care about anyone; except your donors.
You just noticed! Thanks Trump for implementing VA accountability with incompetent employees
Resign loser!!
then why have you and your cohorts continually refused to pass bills that would help our vets?  Such a poor leader.
He isn't poor he gives himself raises to protect that.
Has trump signed the sanctions bill? When can we expect that he will ?
All humans deserve the best care possible and that's why YOU NEED TO SIT DOWN WITH DEMOCRATS AND FIND A BIPARTISAN HEALTHCARE FOR ALL
Hey FAILURE OLD man! Since when do you care about GIVING benefits? Isn't your game to TAKE AWAY benefits?
First you need to remove t with the 25th Amendment.
you need to take care of our nation we deserve the best HC possible. need to fix the existing aca not sabotage. U said we deserve the best
I have not seen where minority party is controlling majority party.  It seems the GOP cannot govern. Time to remove filibuster rules.
have not seen where minority party is controlling majority party.  It seems the GOP cannot govern. Time to remove filibuster rules.
#25thAmendmentNow
Give them the health care you have, Mitch.
Give us all the healthcare they have.
you mean SELECTED veterans right???   denying care to transgender veterans is completely hypocritical!!!!
