@SenatorIsakson, nothing could be more disappointing than your actions and those of @sendavidperdue. You've lost your integrity.
You turned your back on the Republic and its citizens. You can make it right by voting no to confirm Gorsuch. There is someone better.
#isntitironic?
BLIND OBSTRUCTION l?!!! That's rich. This seat is a stolen one and your partisan pandering schtick is TIRED.
Like Tepublicans put country over party last year?
I truly feel you don't care what your constituents feel about your voting record because you're not planning to run again.
I'm extremely disappointed in you!  Judge Garland deserved a vote.
Retire. You've proven you're interests lie not with your constituents but with your white, male friends in the GOP.
And the Repubs didn't do that during the Obama admin? THAT was disappointing to this GA voter. In fact the Repubs didn't do ANYTHING for 8yr
Wow, just wow. Two words. Merrick Garland. Your constituents remember even if you don't.
Hypocrisy
I am extremely disappointed in you & your part in changing senate rules further eroding democracy. GA VOTER
#Garland : now replace Democrats with Republicans and you see your hypocrisy.
And that's different than your lemming approach by McConnell on Garland how????  Didn't hear you speak up then....
What goes around comes around! What has happened to moderation and compromise?
And what about the Republican Party during Obama's presidency? You were blocking everything he tried to do!
Not as disappointed as I am that your party refused to even hold a hearing for President Obama's nominee Merrick Garland.
all due respect ..Judge Garland was never given fair consideration by republicans ...perhaps it is time you consider your own party actions
I'm disappointed in your hypocrisy.
Perhaps if you had given Garland a hearing you wouldn't be. It's about compromise, not win or lose.
You are an extreme disappointment. Remember Merrick Garland ?
Isn't this the same thing you and your people did to Merrick Garland? Pot meet kettle. #hypocrisy
I'm extremely disappointed in the @SenateGOP for changing the Rules and not the nominee. #SHAMEFUL
Like many were extremely disappointed about blind obstruction from Republicans against Merrick Garland?
he isn't for the rights of women, LGBT, or disabled! He is wrong for our country!
Well kind of makes sense....since the republicans aren't for those rights either...can add the poor to that too
agree!
I know exactly how you feel.
Were you extremely disappointed by the blind obstruction carried out by YOU republicans who wouldn't bring Merrick to a vote
And I'm extremelly disappointed by your stupidity
How could a party that refused to vote on a Pres's nominee possibly have the moral standing to cry foul when the other side does the same?
How can you even say that with a straight twitter face after GOPs Obama obstruction. Mind blowing!
You republican senators started the fight by not even holding hearings for Judge Garland. You will lose control of house & senate...
Oh and quick question, why didn't YOU vote?  Tsk tsk
Are you that stupid? GOP obstructed Democrat nominations and even caused a government shutdown! Did you forget?Maybe you are getting too old
Didn't you and other Republicans do worse last year? I am extremely disappointed you think Democrats action is worse than your own actions!
@SenatorIsakson you are acting like a baby Stop the partisan bs and work together like an adult We are Americans nothing more #common ground
I'm your constituent and was extremely disappointed by your blind obstruction a year ago by refusing to consider Merrick garland.
Where was your disappointment for the last year when the GOP was obstructing? At least the filibuster is/was a long held Senate option.
And everyone else is disappointed that you refused to even give a hearing on Garland.
Spare us your false outrage.
SERIOUSLY? Using the nuclear option will be the downfall of the GOP Shame on U for thinking its ok to change rules put in place for a reason
You mean like the blind obstruction you & the Republicans carried out last year?!?! Actually, for the last EIGHT years!!!
Astounded by the absolute gall needed to claim this after what your party did to Merrick Garland. And to CLAIM THE VACANCY IS CRITICAL NOW.
After the election cycle and the Trump pandering from Perdue, I had hoped Georgia had one voice of moderate reason left in the Senate.
Sad to say you've been a disappointment so far. I'm truly disgusted.
Did you push for a vote on Merrick Garland?
Same old same old.  We're sick and tired of your fake bipartisan conflicts.  We know you all serve monied interests first, not the people.
Holy hypocrisy. You & your ilk can't possibly think that Americans are that dumb, can you? People were too trusting & you are preying on it.
Isakson very bad behavior.
The Senate Demacrats had a right to filibuster. This rule change for SOTUS lifetime appointment is unprecedented.
Can't get the 60 votes?  Change the rules! 
That's what spoiled children typically do if they're losing.
No respect for what you do.
Really you are the problem you did this to Obama all the time. You need to think about that. Resign we don't need you.
Hey, that "fake news" about Russia sure has been taking out a lot of the administration!
Pick a better candidate? Maybe do not let a president under investigation pick a life appointee?
you may be my senator but you don't represent me AT ALL!  Shameful what you are doing!  SHAMEFUL blocking Garland!!!
I have been asking you to put country over party for months. I'm still waiting.
Hypocrite. You did the same thing
I hope everyone in the Senate realizes that this will go down in history as another FAIL for the GOP and Trump Administration. #disgusted
Senate Republicans refusing to have a hearing for Garland was obstruction.
You should resign due to senility.Obviously you forgot the GOP refusal,within hours of Scalia's death, to consider Pres.Obama's candidate.
Senate Democrats had the right to filibuster. They didn't do anything wrong.
You are not a Conservative. A true Conservative would not change the rules of the senate.
You and your Republican buddies were ready to hold the court at 8 if Hillary won... your complaints now don't mean a thing.
You speak of a speck in your brother's eye and ignoring the log in your eye.
You and your Republican buddies spent last year refusing to even vote on a legitimate nominee.... what you say now means nothing
Not as disappointed as I was in you when Garland was nominated.
"#Gorsuch: I am extremely disappointed the Senate Democrats are behaving the exact way we did last year." 

FTFY 

Jackass
what did you do for the 9 months that garland was left in limbo? hypocrite
I am disappointed in you supporting an unethical and vastly unqualified slug. blind obstruction? Remember Merrick Garland, you cockroach?
We are extremely disappointed that you are not Merrick Garland
you hypocrite! Where was the bipartisan support for Merrick Garland!
I am extremely disappointed by the blind obstruction carried out by Senate Republicans over 11 months during the previous administration.
Are you more approving of the open obstruction by you and your republican obstructionist 
Just as they were when Republicans refused to even a committee hearing for Judge Merrick Garland.
Seriously?
Did you really tweet this with a straight face? Shame on you
Your no vote on Garland was a months long filibuster. I will do everything possible to make sure you don't get reelected.
You, sir, are my Senator. You must  lead from the front, not from the pack. Very disappointed that  #MerrickGarland. didn't get a hearing.
How about your blind hypocrisy about not even entertaining a Merrick Garland hearing & vowing to block any of HRC's noms? @GOP is PATHETIC
Still waiting for one of my senators to do anything outside the party line.  Be a leader, not a lemming!
You wouldn't be in this situation if you hadn't blocked Merrick Garland. Own your mistakes.
I'm disappointed that the Republican party stopped a mainstream nominee for A YEAR. It's a two way street.
#Gorsuch #stolenseat #StopGorsuch #blockGorsuch
Shame you didn't feel the same about the blind obstruction you participated in by not even giving Garland a hearing. Hypocrite.
You should see a doc about your memory. How quickly you've forgotten the last 8 yrs you have blocked everything the Dems & Obama tried to do
You're seriously crazy.
I believe the word is, "hypocrisy."  Shame on you, @SenatorIsakson
clearly you're putting party of country senator. Shame! Listen to your constituents.
I'm extremely disappointed that you wouldn't have a hearing for Garland a year ago. He didn't have 60. Should've lost.
You have now lost my respect and my vote. You have chosen to represent us poorly
I am extremely disappointed in you and your blatant disregard for holding off on a vote until POTUS is no longer under investigation.
The GOP obstruction of everything Obama never bothered you.
You morons obstructed a nominee b/c you didn't want Obama to have appointed him, even though he was a moderate! Now you want one from a...
...POTUS who is under investigation for TREASON. 

T.R.E.A.S.O.N.

And you think the Dems are being unreasonable?? RESIGN you FOOL.
Is this a win for the American people? The resounding answer is an emphatic 'NO'. And history will judge you.#NuclearOption
Despite signif. opposition, U voted to break 200 yrs of Senate tradition & change rules that uphold our respected process
Funny thing you said nothing of the kind when Garland wasn't even given a hearing.  We will remember when you are up for re-election.
7 in 10 Americans opposed a rule change! Party over people again! #shameful #NuclearOption
That’s @GarlandSCOTUS stolen seat. You never gave him a hearing. Shame on you.
You should also be extremely disappointed by the blind obstruction carried out by the Senate Republicans over Merrick Garland.
The MAJORITY OF AMERICANS DID NOT VOTE FOR THIS ADMINISTRATION. You are Betraying The People! This is traitorous. Where is yr integrity?!
What did you do to keep @senate GOP from blocking #MerrickGarland ? Rabid conservative #scotus pick is NOT what America wants or needs.
"A nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious. But it cannot survive treason from within"  ... Marcus Tullius Cicero
I'm disappointed in your disingenuous partisan language.  You represent all georgians.   Did you forget Garland didn't get a hearing?
And what did the Republicans do to Garland last year??
You r getting voted out next election!!
You have GOT to be kidding me. #MerrickGarland #StolenSeat
#garland
voting you out
Look in the mirror senator to see an unabashed hypocrite staring back. #MerrickGarland never got even a hearing.
#Garland
COMING FOR YOU JOHNNY ISAKSON!
#TRUMPRUSSIA
SoS icausing int'l crises, poss RU in WH, def corruption - we r begging u to STAND UP for our country!
You REFUSED to fill a seat for ONE YEAR. That's obstruction
We elected you to speak for us - you have power. How can you whine about SCOTUS when the WH is imploding
I am so disappointed in your dismantling of democracy and the American way. GET OUT OF OFFICE
BLIND!?! Have you not been listening!!!!
You could make hearty sandwiches out of your hypocrisy.
#Gorsuch is an extreme right jurist. You should have voted NO, but instead voted to put a special-interest supporter on the bench.
such hypocrisy. What about #garland ? The seat was vacant for two terms!!
It was audacious to refuse to give Garland his due hearing. #BlameRepublicans
I am extremely disappointed in MY elected representation in the Senate @sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson  This is a sad day n American history
Substitute Republicans for Democrats and it's exactly what I said a year ago!  There should be no opening now and EVERYTHING is R's fault!
Really? Don't you remember how Repubs obstructed Garland last year.  Best not throw stones until you clear your desk.
But it's ok when the republican senators do it!
What you did to #Garland was a de facto--if not de jure--filibuster. You shot us in the back of the head. Stop asking us 2 pay 4 the bullet.
I'm disappointed that you blocked consideration for #MerrickGarland.
You are such a freaking hypocrite!
Pot. Kettle. You threw away your moral high ground. You earned the scorn for your hypocrisy because I once thought you were honorable.
How in the world can you say that AFTER THE LAST 8 YEARS????
Merrick Garland
@SenatorIsakson Unless you can explain an actual way that the Dems are obstructing, but the GOP wasn't, you sound like a stooge for @POTUS.
@SenatorIsakson HOW is this different than the GOP's treatment of Garland? I'd really like an answer. All your constituents would.
I was extremely disappointed in the YEAR of obstruction by Senate Republicans re: Merrick Garland #GarlandNotGorsuch
Its Karma. You're getting back exactly what you've been giving. What you do to others you do to yourself.
I'm also disappointed in ur support of the narcissist mentally unstable man in the white house and ur refusal to tale investigations serious
Easy solution: if you can't get the votes, change the nominee. #StopGorsuch
I am extremely disappointed in how you treated #Garland.
Merrick Garland. Your party filibustered 52 times under #44 and invoked cloture 79 times. Hypocrisy.
 How did u form ur lips 2 dictate that 2 whoever types your tweets? You are in the party of obstruction!
Republicans are such hypocrites!
That's funny.
Hypocrite.
I am extremely disappointed by the blind obstruction carried out by Republicans in failing to consider Merrick Garland's nomination.
POT. MEET KETTLE.
Really? As we were disappointed in the Repubs blind obstruction of Garland.
Really?  What about Republican obstructionism for the past 8 years?
It is disappointing when anybody does it, isn't it?
I am extremely disappointed in the obstruction shown by Senate Repubs in not allowing #Garland a hearing
Your constitutents and the American citizens are not ignorant to the process or what the GOP has done for the last year!  #GetReal
You’re a hypocrite. Retire.
Extremely disappointed you sold out the American people to telecom interests.
Were you upset by refusal to consider Garland? Did you speak out against the plan to refuse HRC any SCOTUS appointments?
Respectfully, sir. It is not "blind obstruction." Blocking Garland was.
Trying to recall your statement on the refusal to give Merrill Garland a hearing. You must have been EXTREMELY extremely disappointed.
What u did to MG was blind obstruction! This is obstruction for the purpose of clarity & integrity.  Ask your constituents if u should WAIT!
We were very sad at your refusal to even give Judge Garland a hearing and now you are going to destroy our democracy even further.  SO SAD!!
Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland.
Why is it called blindness or irrationality when someone refuses to forget bad behavior?
Republicans kneecapped the Supreme Court for a year.
Your the blind. Don't listent to your constituents, and we are DISAPPOINTED in YOU
How about your obstruction? Go change your #depends.
As your constituent, I was extremely disappointed by the blind obstruction carried out by Republican senators in 2016 #Garland
They leave you no choice "Nuke 'um"
Oh, please.
And I am extremely disappointed by your blind partisanship. If SCOTUS nominee can't get 60 votes, change the nominee not the rules #Gorsuch
#Gorsuch: I am extremely disappointed by the blind obstruction carried out by Senate Democrats today. STATEMENT: https://sen.gov/NVV1 
Were the 2 of you as bothered by it the last 8 years? Give me a break Senator. You're a joke. #GOPhypocrite
Blind obstruction?! Are you kidding me?!!!! What did you Republicans do to President Obama's pick, Garland? YOU ALL OBSTRUCTED, HYPOCRITES
What a joke. What do you call what you did to Garland??
Merrick Garland
Well, the obstruction that kept Merrick Garland from even being considered was no great shakes either, you know.
