This must be some other bill, though, right? Because your framework definitely screws the middle class to finance cuts for the 1%.
Trump's family, & 1%, will most benefit frm "massive tax cuts". DEMAND TRUMP TAX returns!  Then we'll listen #Profiteer
Isn't this the tax bill that cuts taxes on millionaires and raises them for the lower/middle class
Josh Barro: "a looming disaster for Republicans"; very bad for people who itemize on taxes but cuts taxes on rich
This article clearly says they don't know how much people will pay. Straight up propaganda. Aimed right at your emotions.
What about Puerto Rico?
Koch Payback Plan. Screw middle-class and give a big break to 1%ers. Drive up national debt. KOCH that!
Except that your tax plan doesn't benefit mid class Americans -- the Wall St Journal said Republicans would say it's populist but it's not
You mean more tax cuts for the wealthy and deficits for the rest of us. Didn’t Reagan prove this doesn’t work?
And the state of Kansas recently.
how will tax cut be paid for? u complain of deficit w/ BO but with @realDonaldTrump deficits ok now? #beconsistent @ajc
Except it's corporate and millionaire welfare. It raises the lowest tax rate and eliminates deductions the middle class really on.
Today, I wondered how it'll be in 2018 for my family when we have one insurance option from which to choose in metro Atlanta. # fixACA
Now get it trough the goal post ! And the do heathcare reform
When are you going to work with Dems to finalization. WE NEED BIPARTISANSHIP!! #TaxReform #TaxFairness
Cutting taxes for the ultra-rich will not help the middle class.
It lowers the top rate and kills the estate tax. You get $400 a year in savings, they get millions.
Have you heard thatTrump & GOP boast about how well our economy is doing? Tax cuts not needed. Uncertain healthcare costs threaten us.
Please stop saying this helps middle class. It helps poor and rich. Once again MC gets screwed!
You politicians are too indoctrinated into your own rhetoric. This does not work for a majority of americans.
We pray for you everyday.
Amen Senator
seeing you shake hands with Paul Ryan is...... Unsettling. He is a selfish, bad dude.
Scam to fleece the American people. Drop the rate on income under $100K if you want. To help middle class. This is for the 1%. Shame on you!
It is not for middle class, but for the rich 1%.
Income tax reductions put $$ in the pockets of wealthy while payroll tax reductions put $$ in lower and middle class pockets...bill fails!!
So are you asking to see Trump's returns before you proceed? It only seems fair.
Let's see what the CBO has to say. You lied before; we want to know the truth about this.
And what did you think? It's hard to know your opinions
You guys will fail like you failed on healthcare. 8 years an nothing. Midterm election, like winter, is coming.
Hey Johnnie I thought this might help.
Supply Side Economics is a Fraud. Reagan Era created it, enacted it & today The Wealthy (YOU btw) are doing it again !
Americans are underpaid, not overtaxed. Higher wages and better benefits will help the middle class. Trickle down only helps the rich.
Sorry Senator, I'm not interested in your tax cuts for billionaires. http://www.marketwatch.com/story/most-americans-dont-want-or-need-a-tax-cut-2017-09-27 …
Thanks for helping end the middle class and filling the pockets of the rich  #TaxReform
Better get something done Congress!

$269,000,000,000.

That's how much the GOP #TaxReform plan would give billionaires like @BetsyDeVos & @RealDonaldTrump by ending estate tax.

Any justifications for dismissing the $1.5 trillion cost of the GOP tax reform plan defy both evidence and logic: http://bit.ly/2fv1fJm  
U have Americans dying in #PuertoRicoRelief tell ur racist POTUS 2 b a human&lift the Jones Act! What the hell is wrong w/him? #ImpeachTrump
No, this is an old fashion hand job for the top 1%. Take your scraps and be happy.
BS.
NOT ...
This article clearly says they don't know who will pay what.
Wait until you file your taxes...
Bury it with #GrahamCassidy.
Define "middle-class #Americans" as it applies to your #TaxReform bill?  I'm betting you can't do it without lying...
When will the GOP include women ? Must be scared of them! Losing in 2018 will desensitize you to your fear.
Capitol Police officers discussing tax reform in the House gallery. One of them says: "I don't want to lose my state deduction."
No estate tax? How does that help our debt or middle/low income? The exemption is already $5.49 million per person. Who has that kind of $?
Sadly mistaken...there is no trickle down economy in the US admin looking mighty FASCIST.  We are watching; we are not happy; we vote.
Please tell me how eliminating the estate tax helps the middle class? Everything below $10 million is not taxed. Boon to top 1% only.
#YouWillBeVotedOut
Senator, can you tell me what is in this tax reform for a middle-class American family making under 100k/year? My guess is zero. Am I wrong?
Check out all those white men!
If @SpeakerRyan  is speaking then it's a lie. Give the people 3 ways this tax reform will help middle class!
No you want the middle class to shoulder the bulk of the taxes and to give the wealthy (your sponsors) a huge tax break.
You know that's a load of BS. At some point even the dimmest will know you lie for a living.
Chances that this will be yet another YUGE failure for @realDoanldTramp?
Let's be honest, you all are working to give a tax cut to the wealthy and pass it off as a middle class tax cut.
Lovely and while you are at it don't let big companies drill in our natural wonders it takes away meaning of our country's songs
How does reducing corp. tax rate (they don't pay anyway) going to help "middle-class Americans"? We can't get rid of you fast enough!
Yes, let's become a tax haven. Sounds great.
