I'm disappointed you aren't going to seek reelection because I would get great pleasure out of voting against you.
He didn't even vote....
My point is people are on him for voting when he didn't vote
True. He did not give Judge Garland a vote. He is applauding the jamming through of a Supreme Court Justice. That is my problem.
The way I see it,and I'm not a member of a party.The Repubs have Never filibustered a SC Justice,Dems did.R's played by rules set by D's.
If the shoe had been on the other foot, the same card would have been played.
The ole hypothetical justification of actions. We know that republicans refused a hearing. Give it and vote no. Do your constitutional duty.
you applaud the nuclear option?!
Ur support 4 denying Garland his seat & 4 the nuclear option says a lot about ur character & values. You value Party over your constituents.
So you & the @SenateGOP believe the destruction of the Senate is worth applauding? If Gorsuch was truly qualified, he could get 60 votes.
Fair enough. But the means never justifies the end. R's trampled on Senate to get this one. Trust is gone. You won a battle, but ..?
This seat was stolen & now the Court is completely politicized. Dems will confirm Justice Obama or Clinton in a few years.
You are complicit in the theft of this SCOTUS seat. Garland should have had a hearing and you strong armed Gorsuch in. Gorsuch is a thief 2
all is fare in love an war. you really going to cry hard when OUR President Trump picks the next two in 8 yrs.
Again Senator, why were you not present for the vote, but were available for a live radio broadcast.
Yet another reason I can't wait to vote against you. Extremely disappointed in you and the @GOP
I am so disappointed in you, Senator. Our household has no representation in the senate. We are voting Perdue out in 2020, watch us
Why didn't you vote?
He is recovering from back surgery
Very disappointed in not upholding the 60 vote minimum.  Democracy has been dealt a blow today.  Corruption reigns.
The change created by Harry Reid and the Dems. They should have known it would come back to bite them and not done it.
Too bad #Gorsuch was dishonorably confirmed by the #gopHypocrisy.
You applaud the removal of the filibuster? Shame on you, sir.
It was removed by Harry Reid and the Dems....remember??
you did not vote WHY WE ARE ALREADY TALKING TO VOTE YOU OUT.
"fine legacy of scalia'? You mean the dude that made shit up saying 'this is what the founders meant', even when they said the exact oposite
We will not forget about this.  You are on the list
What list? The list of who not to vote for when they don't run next time around?
Why didn't you vote if you are applauding him
yes, when each vote has been so importNt!?!?
He's recovering from back surgery. You have to be present to vote
You're a coward for what you and your party did to Merrick Garland
You wanted it SO badly, you were willing to wager democracy, trading  US to #Russia. You provides air cover to a #traitor for this. #GA06
We are fortunate to have a man of integrity & intelligence representing us.
it worked. You successfully stole scotus seat. Congrats. You've done well undermining our democracy.
I don't see @SenatorIsakson name in either the Yes or No column on the vote. Why not?
Why didn't you vote?
Georgia appreciates your support for a great Nominee.
The rules were made for a reason.  A position this important DEMANDS nonpartisan consensus.  SHAME on you and the GOP
Where were you?
Congratulations? Really? You and your @GOP friends changed the rules when you didn't get your way. Disgusting. #NuclearisNOTanoption
Unprecidented THEFT!
The person who runs against you won't be applauding this appointment. You help to steal it from President Obama.  That will not be forgotten
With your help, you ambushed many Americans.
Shame on you, @SenatorIsakson
I applaud you and the rest of the GOP for slowly destroying our democracy. You & @sendavidperdue are a shame! 2020 can not come fast enough!
Applaud all you want- just know we won't forget how horribly you treated @MerrickGarland_  you make me ashamed to be a Georgian
You would applaud theft? If someone steals your car, I want you to stand aside and applaud that person too.  At least be consistent.
Too bad he doesn't understand the Constitution applies to people, not corporations.
why didn't you vote?
Thanks for voting against your constituents
Good job stealing that Supreme Court Seat. I don't know how you sleep at night putting party over country.
I'm sure he sleeps horizontal like the rest of us.
Just curious then why didn't you vote?
Both the heading and the article state he is recovering from two back surgeries. Give the guy a break.
Congrats to the GOP for doing the right thing.Hope your feeling better Senator.
I do not applaud you changing the rules in order to confirm this obvious politcal appt.
You should talk to the Dems and Harry Reid about the rules. They are the ones that changed them.
Disappointed. You chose obstructive action instead of democracy with Judge Garland. Your constituents will not forget.
you are the one sole republican who VOTED AGAINST GORSUCH. HYPOCRISY NOW???
He's not there. He didn't vote.
Why did you abstain?
I see the kooks have come out of the woodwork. Congrats #NeilGorsuch and welcome to the #SCOTUS  MAGA
Don't worry. When the Democrats take over again, and they will, we will enjoy a simple majority too.
#Midterms2018 you will be voted out for this #hypocracy
Glad to see you could fly to D.C. to defund women's healthcare but couldn't be bothered to fly there to steal Merrick Garland's seat
I don't.
Big mistake! You and republicans will own this forever!!
Happily.
This was the wrong way to get any one confirmed. Disappointed in you and your party. #ruiningamericaonedayatatime
shame on you and siding with corporate interests over Georgians. We will remember. Did you even give Garland a hearing?
There will always be an asterisk in the history books for this stolen seat. Shameful display by Republicans.
Well the Democrats didn't have the Senate, cry about it. Elections have consequences. That seat belongs to the country, not an Obama hack.
This was a strike against democracy. Republicans are untrustworthy partners in government.
You're not thinking straight... Do you remember @SenatorReid?
I had hoped the Nuclear Option was not used, but Dems created it
#MAGA
#WakeUp
I'm not talking about the nuclear option. I'm talking about the stolen seat.
Your constituents will not forget that you participated in the shameful theft of this seat via the nuclear option vote. You are dishonest!
Why weren't you there to cast your vote?
I don't
So why did you abstain?
#StolenSeat we'll remember your deplorable actions.
