Did I miss #investigatetrump on the list?
you mean besides selling your constituents to the highest bidded? (Ie. Devos, Price). Yeah youve been busy.
@Perduesenate Implementing Trumpcare/GOP Genocide, targeting grandmothers, poor children, the sick and dying.
Trump has announced career Republican to be in charge of Trumpcare, Elderly Programs, Social Security/Medicare
We know, you voted to confirm highly unqualified individuals to positions of extreme importance. I'm so embarrassed for you.
.@SenatorIsakson We ask that if you have any integrity NOT to vote for Scott Pruitt as head of the EPA, a horrible anti-#Environment choice.
Wait! Are you still a senator for GA? I didn't realize we had any senators working for us!!
WE ARE AWARE OF WHAT HAPPENED AND WE ARE NOT HAPPY. GIVE US ALL A BREAK AND DON'T RUN AGAIN.
The people in Cobb County stopped your brother from building a hideous inappropriate development. We plan to stop you too.
Georgians wanted none of 'what happened.  See you on 2/28 to tell you about it directly.
What are you doing to investigate #RussianHacking of our #elections? 
#DoYourJob
you refused to listen to constituents. That's what happened this week
that is what happens every week. Please resign if you don't have the time
Removing fid rule makes it legal for advisors to knowingly & intentionally give bad advice. Please advise how that helps us.
You want advisors to steal from clients? Don't remove the fiduciary rule. Show you care about investors.
mine too. We won't forget it.
how about meeting with your constituents. We don't like this blindly go with the party crap. You need to serve us, not Mitch
What happened in GA is your staff ignored most constituents at the Greensboro town hall this morning. Are you afraid of us?
not only that but paid? Hired? I assure you that did not happen. If it was,if someone tried I would tell
Not a single supportive response here. You cannot be proud of what happened last week. GA voters certainly are not! #resist
please tell your staff that the protesters are constituents. They are not paid not are they hired. Thats a lie. Don't go low
You proved that you have a total lack understanding of what the people of GA really want. #RESIST
you must be kidding with this. Aren't you listening AT ALL? Oh, that's right, your phones are turned off.
More corruption and selling to the highest bidder while you fill your pockets.  @SenatorIsakson
Hope you can explain how the F rule helps ordinary GA, while you voted for a guy who made millions on insider trades
Congress moves to gut securities protections for public customers. Who are they serving?
Sir, your support of DeVos and Sessions was a disgrace. Did you also vote to silence @SenWarren? #Persist #Resist
Busy week hiding from your constituents, pushing through unqualified cabinet appointees and furthering corruption.  Bravo!
is 100% correct. The only person in GA more despicable than   @SenatorIsakson  is @sendavidperdue
you voted against the interest of our state too many times...DeVoe was the end for me. I don't trust anything you say
Whatever the GOP says, right? Did someone pay me to tweet this? Is everything fake news? The stupidity is amazing.
LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS. WE ARE WHY YOU ARE THERE, REMEMBER???YOU ARE JUST VOTING SLEAZE IN. CAN'T DO BETTER????
you should not brag, you should cower in shame!
You forgot to mention how you & Purdue moved to reward #TSS for their contribution$. Nice how you look out for your ppl.
What is your statewide townhall schedule for us...your constituents?! #V103 #GaPol
you didn't listen to us . That is what happened. Exactly what do you think will happen next election?!
please let us, your constituents, know how removing the fid rule helps us??
Nothing that your constituents wanted done, that's for sure. #Resist in Dunwoody
RESIGN FROM OFFICE ASAP YOU ARE INCOMPETENT AS A CONGRESSMAN!!!!!
You've confirmed a person who knows nothing about Ed to be in charge of schools, a racist to be in charge of civil rights.
and a "doctor" who doesn't believe birth control should be covered by health insurance and wants to repeal healthcare
it's time to represent your constituents sir. How does undoing the fiduciary rule help ordinary investors/savers?
fascinated by commercials, yes commercials to support the SCOTUS nominee. Really?
You & @sendavidperdue put blind party loyalty above your duty to your constituents, that's what happened ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I can't wait for the day when you are voted out. You do not represent your people. How much money does it take to buy you?
still no investigation of #russianhacking or #conflictsofinterest. You'll regret being on the wrong side of history. Sad.
what happened this week is that your loyalty was to the Republican Party and you sold out the people who voted for you
you voted against representing your constituents for party loyalty.
your constituency would be grateful if you looked into the Russian collusion with Trump and Flynn next week. Thank you
Why won't you listen to us? Shameful!
You are failing your constituents! We elected you to represent us-not railroad is.
you are OK with bad faith advisors hawking products that make them the most $ not the client. You are bad for Georgia.
had a town hall, didn't come, and staffers walked out on us. You Voted for party, not your people. When will you listen?
what happened is that Purdue and you just guaranteed yourselves you won't be winning the next reelection #toodles
Dear Friends, this week I voted to silence a woman, empower a racist, an insider trader and the supremely unqualified. -@SenatorIsakson
destroying American democracy and lining your friends' pockets
You sold your soul. (But seriously, we really hoped you cared what we thought and are deeply disappointed.)
Shame. Your phone isn't ringing off the hook because we want to talk about a swell job Rs are going. Represent the people!
ignored your constituents and sold out our children when you voted for DeVos. Disgraceful!
Although you attend the MLK celebration at Ebenezer, you gave more rope to Sessions and the KKK. You don't do the hanging...
What happened is U showed what a coward U and your staff are. You'd be the worst, except @sendavidperdue beats you at that!
What happened is that you showed, once again, that you don't care about anyone except yourself.
Town hall. Town hall. Town hall. Lemme turn it up. TOWN HALL. Show your face. Defend your actions. LISTEN TO US.
I got a live feed of what happened #youfail #yousuck #resist #wewillwin
.@SenatorIsakson What happened this week? She persisted. But next time...she'll have the voices of millions behind her!
you aren't looking out for Georgians and we won't forget. Shameful.
Senator, I have voted for you many times, but it sure seemed like you (and your peers) picked party over country this week
Why didn't you come to your town hall ?
@sendavidperdue you forgot 'listen, respect and respond to constituents.' Oh wait....THAT DIDN'T HAPPEN.
thanks for nothing. What the hell is wrong with you ?????? You need to resign ASAP !
What happened in Greensboro? When will you come to Atlanta for a Town Hall?
Aka you supported an unqualified person #Devos for Sec of Ed and #TomPrice who wants to end Medicare for seniors. Awful week
Congratulations on confirming a supremely ignorant and horribly corrupt Cabinet. You must be so proud!
More troops to Benning, but you voted for DeVos which WON'T help the terrible schools in that area.
"preserving access to retirement planning for middle-income American families by moving to halt the ‘fiduciary rule.’" 1/2
You are lying. You were elected in 04'. You were complicit in the '08 recession & now you're repeating same mistakes. #snake
Agreed. #resist
Could have just said "ignored what my constituents want & voted for DeVos." #wewontforget
heres what didnt happen in the senate this week.....didnt answer phones, didnt listen to constituents.
Plus I only vote the way my party tells me.  I can't think for myself. Methane gases and drink poison water
keep up the great WORK!!!!  I LOVE MY COUNTRY!!!!
thank u Senator!!!! #MAGA
Nothing happened ur constituents ask 4 but here is 1 last request. Tell USDA 2 put bck the Animal Welfare Data on their site
Shows u have 15 million in the bank, U do not know what it is like to live on SS & depend on it. WAKE UP HELP US R VOTE OUT
you forgot to add "I put party over country every chance I got!" 
yes!!!!
I assume that link is to a picture of a pile of feces, because that is what happened in the Senate.
gets credit for a number of actions, but most importantly he is  an enabler of a corrupt administration.
you and @sendavidperdue got paid
What happened is U said Retirees don't matter, U voted Price who wants 2 gut SS & Medicare, U could care less about us.
We know what happened. You and @sendavidperdue ignored us and voted in incompetence. #RESIGNNOW
