SINGLE PAYER NONPROFIT HEALTH INSURANCE FULL INVESTIGATION TRUMP/RUSSIA TIES Do your job We are watching and we vote
What about Sessions  Russian ambassador?  Russiagate?  POTUS'S tax returns?
of all ethnicities. 
Maybe you should start listening to your constituents in Georgia and hold a town hall meeting.
First let's see the tax returns. Then we will know who @POTUS is working for.
make a townhall meeting
he has a phone town hall meeting tomorrow at 6
I look forward to seeing you at a #TownHall which you won't have
he has a phone town hall tomorrow
way to represent us, keep following your party. #DumpTrump #dumpIsakson
I'd have preferred,"on behalf of ALL hardworking Americans and Georgians". I feel my Dem politics leaves me out of your plan
how about listening to us then? That speech was all varnish still he is a racist entitled jerk
Will you do so by listening to your constituents and representing our views?
I have lost nearly all hope in you. Please resign immediately.
I happen to like him.  He should stay
I expect you to protect and serve the average Georgian. Supporting removal of EPA oversight does NOT do this.
Please stop acting like you, the congress and POTUS have a mandate. You don't!
Really?! Georgians look forward to working with you at #TownHall which you refuse to hold. Hey your story straight, Senator.
Do not spend our tax dollars on xenophobic propaganda. Do not spend our tax dollars targeting immigrants.
u mean lawlessness? Like BLM?
Seems like you and #45 are working for miners, gas, mining and petroleum industryand not the average American
have a townhall anywhere in GA and I will see you there. Doesn't even have to be in Atlanta.
let's be clear, we don't need jobs in the coal mines we need education and job training incentives
how about fixing ACA and stop acting like you have a plan to repeal. If you really work for us stop talking vouchers
cutting foreign aid will not increase our own security!!
we need a full investigation into Trump administration's ties to Russia. Now.
a man that consistently ignores his constituents needs to be voted OUT! Won't hold a #TownHall because he is a coward
then take our calls and come to town hall meetings. You're not hearing our voice and can't work on our behalf
too bad you wont work for your constituents. #redtoblue
Im so disgusted with you. Filling the swamp, destroying our values and way of life. Youre out of touch!
He's not for hardworking Americans. He just showed you that by filling his Cabinet with billionaires!
thank you.
How about meeting us? That'd be a good start. Town Hall. Face to face. No pre screenings so you only get softballs.
So tired of "regulations are burdensome" baloney. Regs protect the natural resources ALL Georgians have a right to!
u r not a true senator.We wrote letters about @BetsyDeVos and u ignored. u will be voted out in 2018 why no #TownHall
Hard working Americans and Georgians. Aren't Georgians hard working? 
You're working hard to dodge us, but that's the only work you're doing
Remember @SenatorIsakson you WORK for us, not for @POTUS. When is your #TownHall ?
start with meeting with your constituents and listen to what they want you to do on their behalf #TownHall
coal ash in streams, guns for mentally ill, exploiting pensioners..I can't believe you don't see that we won't go back.smh
So many things so many constituents disagree with (starting with private funding for infrastructure reform) - let's discuss!
thank u sir!
And I look forward to you doing your job and listening to constituents.
Sen Isakson, as a fellow Georgian, you shame me. Make America AMERICA again... not this current Fascist state.
what? Huh? Boohoo u lost
You'll go down in history as one of the worst and most hated senators ever, right along with this president. Wheeeee!
you need to meet with your constituents Johnny. We look forward to speaking with you.
Come talk to us in Town Halls so you know what to do on our behalf. For starters I want health care & EPA regulations
sad that the ethics committee isn't a bit more concerned & taking action AGAINST trump for undermining democracy
prove it.
How do you claim that the legislative actions you're taking are good for Georgians?  'Fake News'.  Meet with us.
I look forward to voting you out of office. #BrandNewCongress
I look forward to your town hall and the independent investigation into Russian ties, but we both know neither will happen.
boogyman Russia
We won't forget how chummy you are
Too scared to host a town hall and realize how wrong you are?
Trump won Georgia and is our President! Please support him in MAGA!!! 
FULL INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION INTO TRUMP/RUSSIA TIES..we are watching and we will not go away. Do your job
boohoo for u !
YOU. LIAR.

You haven't even held a town hall to hear from Georgians. YOU DON'T SPEAK FOR US, but only for your greedy self!
so how about you start listening to Georgians? If your statement is truthful, you should start with a #TownHall
u just tried that right? Remember November?
"The time for trivial fights is over!" says #45 who whines about SNL impersonations & crowd sizes. What about Russia?
you are not a leader but a coward to stand up to Trump.
huh?
dance for your master. Scared to stand up to a bully.
Please listen to your constituents then.
1st identify the real problems. Hint: it's not lawlessness, waves of immigrants, a tanking economy, or other Trump boogymen
it starts with #Talking to ALL your #GeorgiaConstituents & having #Townhalls @AtlantaMarch @GALEOorg
Thank you, sir. Praying for you.
what about trump ties to Russia?
the ol' the Russians are coming! 
.@SenatorIsakson @POTUS do you approve of him parading the widow of a man he got killed in a botched raid while making jokes about it?
I have no words for that... NO WORDS! 
Listen to the many Georgians who do not agree with Trump.
Thank You Senator!!!! I'm with you.
he just used the widow of a fallen solider on a poor mission that he approved as a prop. You're a disgrace to GA
Good. Try meeting some of us to answer a few questions about working.
I bet, you two suit each other. You both prioritize business over clean water and air.
Enjoy it, I'm going to make sure it's your last term in Congress. @SenatorIsakson @POTUS
not this Georgian
How does he not make you sick to your stomach? He's disgusting.
