People working for our India
esteemed effort will succeed the hardship .....

ना टिक से पंखा चल रहा ह और ना ही टीवी पूरा गांव परेशान और बिजली विभाग के अधिकारी मस्त आम जनता की बात को नहीं सुन्ना जारहा ह गांव पलइ का पूरा रामपुर पोस्ट मुंगरा बादशाहपुर जौनपुर कृपया मदद करे मनीय ऊर्जा मंत्री जी @ptshrikant @EMofficeUP @MdPvvnl @MD_PuVVNL
Feku ram kitna fekega r
Bro it is not the fact what NDTV is showing... Our PM is right he has done an tremendous job...
Bro andha hona achi bat hain lekin ankh wala andha hona koi rss bho aur bjp k bhakto se sikhna hoga kya kya sahi aur kya galat 
bhai hume pata hain kaunsa chenal kitna pani main hain aur kitna bjp ka kutta hain

Salute hai enko.jai bharat

Ye bataiye Congress ne kitne Gao me electric pahuchai
Tell me one thing why solar PV is so expensive for poor in India
Salute!
Salute both of u sir
कया सर जी अभी तक भशठाचार खतम नही हूआ । और पुलिस डिपाट मेंट मै कफी आगे आ चुका है । भशठाचार मै बिलूपत होते जा रहा है यह सरकार पता नही कया होगा ।ईस देश मै अब कया कुछ बचा है ।

Jai Ho modi
Vaibhav

Village Deobag, popular tourism spot in Maharashtra experienced almost 24 hours power failure on 29th & 30th April. Disgusted tourists had to vacate the resorts.What a waste! Cables should be laid http://underground.It 's just notional that all villages r electrified.
Sir every development needs little bit time... You expect everything in a single time not possible..
https://youtu.be/CunnJ4I3yNg  

#BJS Program of Making #Maharastra's villages #droughtfree. Please do see the full video
If u think u had provided 100% electricity then well you should study about a place named vijaynagar, Arunachal Pradesh..6000 population and their nearest hospital is at six day walk distant through namdapha Tiger reserve... And electricity....?? It's beyond their dreams...
हर गधा, घोड़ा, कुत्ता, बिल्ली परेशान हैं, सबकी कुर्सी खतरे में हैं, सारे देश द्रोही एक तरफ मोदी जी एक तरफ
#WeLoveModi
Is POWERFULINDIA a SKILLINDIA? Probably different.India is powerful. Indians have power on all spheres of life. What is needed is honest political ideology with leaders having sacrifice. Sectoral development is misleading.
So Lovely And Heads Of To Them..
*भारत का विभाजन जिन्ना ने नहीं बल्कि हिंदुओं ने कराया था, कांग्रेस प्रवक्ता अखिलेश प्रताप !*

*ये पक्का 2019 में कांग्रेसः की कब्र खुदवायेगा !*

*ऐसे लोगो की वजह से ही मेरा यकीन दिन ब दिन मोदी जी पर बढ़ता जा रहा है !*

Namsakar g
Dear Modiji

Please visit HOSKOTE CONSTITUENCY NEAR BANGALORE
One of the Sensitive and tough fight constituency
God of powers bless n help in all further endeavours to make India most powerful in all fields. Dhanyavaada

लौ वोल्टेज  की दिकत को दूर नहीं कर पा रही ह बिजली विभाग के अधिकारी लोग कितने बार बोल बोल के थक चूका हु में लेकिन कोई सुनने को तैयार ही नहीं  ह गांव पलइ का पूरा रामपुर पोस्ट मुंगरा बादशाहपुर जौनपुर 8070310709
@MD_PuVVNL @vnszone @EMofficeUP @ptshrikant @UPPCLLKO …
 congratulations team who involved in this task, Real kaamdars.
JAI Hind
Great -jai hind
Ok
Nice
Super
We being the fellow supporter of BJP, this time we are planning to go with 
NOTA and not to support BJP candidate. Since we have not seen a single development. What we are using today is all done by our beloved chief minister nijalingappa.
Since you are coming to chitradurga on 5th/6th(as read) of this month, kindly request you to have a visit in the city. So that you can come to know what your candidate has done in the past 15 to 20 years.
आज ऐतिहासिक दिन है .नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने हिंदुस्तान के हर गांव में बिजली पहुंचा दी है।
Sala dogla
@RSSorg @PMOIndia @RNTata2000 is dis a new India #cutoff #JEE #Mains#RESULTS, 
r u acknowledging d efforts of general category, which is being wasted bcoz of  #RESERVATION. Wat kind of engineers will these people become wid 45 marks n even below @ - ve will de strengthen India?
आज ऐतिहासिक दिन है .नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने हिंदुस्तान के हर गांव में बिजली पहुंचा दी है।
this is all false. मोदीजी और ऊनका बंदर अमित ये दोनो झुठे देशके नंबर वनवcheater है
Raga used to boast that congress brought RTI. So RTI worked properly only under the congress. Nobody can deny that there is lesser corruption under Modi, that because of direct leadership . Manmohan was just a puppet of the Gandhi family, that's why he gave very weak leadership.
yes abdolutely but he was 10 times much better than Modi. Every middle class person has badly experienced his policy and faced a great consenquences. Nobody dares to attack him bcoz he already captured but one thing is very sure that he will be no more by hands of terrorists only
Very true
Team of officials, the technical staff and all others, to make this dream of a #PowerfulIndia a reality. Their efforts today will help generations of Indians in the coming years
Dear http://Mr.PM  ,Are we really concerned about the life of our countrymen ???
It's not true I m from vill mahmadganj post  karhar farrukhabad district in uttar pradesh and there is no electricity till today people using solar panels and led torch. 
Are bhaiya kahe itna fekte ho,  kuchh bhi bologe kya. Sharm karo. Feku ji
Before giving us fake data just go and see whats happening on ground level if younhave time to see down towards poor villagers.
Sir in your own constituency more than 100 villages are still without electricity.
You only see datas not the facts.
What you did in 3 yrs was done in 1 yr by UPA govt.
Feko
चेतरा में 5 साल पहले से खम्भे गड़े है लाइट नही है और मेदपुर में न खम्भे है न लाइट 

हमे तो समझ नही आता है हमारे प्रधान मंत्री जी किस आधार पर ये कह रहे है कि भारत के सभी गांव में लाइट पहुच गयी
उन्नाव जिले के पुरवा विधानसभा जहा से अनिल सिंह विधायक है चेतरा  और मेदपुर गांव में अभी भी लाइट नही है
केवल कागजो में बिजली हर एक गांव में पहुच चुकी है हकीकत कुछ और ही है
I am against your swach bharath policy. Why do you collect money from public to make the potty culture enforced on them. It is the responsibility of every human being to take care of their sanitation needs to lead a hygienic life thereby healthy.
આદરણીય @narendramodi
& @PiyushGoyal આપની મહેનત થી પુરૂ થયેલ આ આવકારદાયી કાયૅ નો લાભ વિરોધીઓ ના ઉઠાવી જાય તે માટે અભિયાન ચલાવવુ જોઇઅે, આપના વિઘાયકો અને સાંસદો સહયોગ થી.
Sir samany Mansonu dhyanrakho
Dream makes human to work hard
Thanks for your efforts.  Example of good governance.
#MadhyaPradesh #electrification #IndiaSpeaks
It’s not true. All of #India #electricity. Here is one such article.
Please add: Vill Saraiya Bhatpurwa Anshik, P.O. Guwari, Block Reusa, Tehsil Biswan, Dist Sitapur http://261205.No  power, I have installed Solar of my own, no any governmental support!


I believes jawaan r involved transform humans life's good energy sources efficiency n economy friendly power .desh ka Bet I beta shaan desh future brighter
Sir we savida karmchari Adhikari mp electricity depatment play a BIG role to make your dream true. We are the roots of Atal Jyoti Yojana and Soubhagya yojna. But still Mp gov is not serious about our future. They promised to regularise us in 2013 Vidhan Sabha chunav.
Superb work
पर हमने भी अपार मेहनत की... "प्रधानमंत्री ग्राम सड़क योजना" के तहत ऐसी ऐसी जगह सडकें बनाई.. जिनमें मुख्य तौर पर भैंसदेही जिला बैतूल (म. प्र.) के चार गांव लोकलदरी, घोघाल, कसई और भोंडिया कुंड शामिल हैं। इन सड़कों की वजह से ही "हर गांव बिजली" मा. प्रधानमंत्री जी का सपना साकार हुआ।
Mr. Modi,people  tag you as FEKU for nothing !!! The ground reality is far off than what you claim and boast
I salute the efforts of allthose who worked tirelessly on the ground , including the team of officials ,the technical staff and all others,to make this dream of a #Powerfullndia  a reality .Theis efforts todayv will help generations of Indians in the coming years.@RandheerKumarA2
Well Done !!!! Truly
The Distribution infrastructure also needs revamping otherwise T&F losses continue. In RAPDRPs thugh GIS was essential component yet due to it's not updation asset management is still at challenging condition
Good morning sir this is Raju visakhapatnam
Mr Ramakotayya AP Bjp leader saying today in TV Discusses (Polavaram is our Biksha) its not correct sir
सराहनीय
HAPPY LABOUR DAY.
Sir Media lyk DB indr always spreading negtv news agnst BJP , in this case also denying this great achievement, why no act & stop gvg advt.
FYI
हमारे प्रधानमंत्री को श्रेय लेने और ढिंढोरा पीटने की बहुत जल्दी रहती है और इसमें वह वास्तविकता को भी नजरअंदाज कर देते हैं। हकीकत यह है कि अभी बहुत से गांव में बिजली नहीं पहुंची है.
#PowerFullIndia That's a proud moment in the history of India. We should aim high like this. There are path breaking research ongoing in renewables and clean sustainable energy across the world. India should take lead in those. Jai Hind.

Aap bahut achhe p.m hai mere bhart desh ka.. mujhe grv hai ki 60 saal baad koi achha p.m mila hai bhart desh ko ... Thanks modi ji
https://youtu.be/SLAsiwv6fDo 

Aap ek baar sune meri v.....
Really, its Electrifying
Really, its Elecrifying !
Wonderful Sir!!!!
Sir  .age chaliye Ham tuumhari shath hey
https://youtu.be/SLAsiwv6fDo 

Meri v suno.. please
I support Creptocurrency.
ठाकूर प्रशान्त सिंह ( जिला राष्ट्रीय अध्यक्ष बलरामपुर ) भारतीय जनता युवा मोर्चा अवध क्षेत्र ( उत्तर प्रदेश ) ( ग्राम पंचायत बलरामपुर ) बहुत बहुत भाई धन्यवाद सभी बधाई मोo 09452643711

ठाकूर प्रशान्त सिंह ( जिला राष्ट्रीय अध्यक्ष बलरामपुर ) भारतीय जनता युवा मोर्चा अवध क्षेत्र ( उत्तर प्रदेश ) ( ग्राम पंचायत बलरामपुर ) मोo 09452643711
जब कोई काम को पुरी इमानदारी वह समर्पण 
से किया जाये ,तो कठीन से कठीन काम भी आसान हो जाता है ... 
 Congratulate #modi sir 

#Vijay Sethi 
Jai hind 
Jai Bharat
In 2019 @narendramodi government should take up the challenge to provide water to every home in the country & achieve it with huge success @DWS_RSA @BJP4India @AmitShah @PMOIndia @narendramodi_in
Sir this is really a big big feat ! Needs to be celebrated!
Toh ho jaaye CELEBRATION
Impossible task made  possible by Modi govt..proud of you sir..Jai Hind
I wish every village has get broadband also with cheaper cost..
चितरौ से दिखता है कि अभी सडके ओर सेतु तक भाजपा नहीं बनासकी।।
विकास मुख के होठो पर ही लिए घूमरही है।।
Remarkable job indeed Sir and nation must encourage such efforts in a difficult place. Only thing the ground team should use #PPE personal protective equipment for their own #safety which are missing in the pics viz. safety shoes, helmet, safety belt, hand gloves etc etc)
May be these people don't get enough food to eat. Suits and boots are tertiary factors for these people. Are we an advanced country like USA. We are not even close to China. Chinese economy is more than 3 times than ours with almost same population size.
#powefullindia
@narendramodi  Sir i am waiting for 15 lacks in my bank acc. with govt. job .........
I think you should start working if not already and also please make sure to pay tax.
#Powefullindia
It’s truly heartening to see GOI working in a time bound manner on implementing development projects across the length & breadth of the nation under able@leadership of PM & BJP president. Kudos to all for a superb job 
Really its a commendable effort we should be proud of
Remarkable achievement indeed Sir by the team and nation must encourage such efforts.I hv only one suggestion for the ground team after seeing the pics that they use #PPE (personal protective equipment) for their own #safety in similar endeavours in future!Regards
Excellent work
Only shows up 
Because you are so much in to Bollywood where everything is show off.
Salute to ur thinking of the last man of the society deprived of basic human amenities since decades..It's ur vision & commitment that made the impact & the difference..
I'm proud of you
It is his gimmicks. He wants propoganda to wine 2019 vote to stay in power, if any other party comes to power, his every corruption cases will be investigated.
Graet work
Great full work
Salute
It's really great job and victory some may take it lightly but happiness and blessing of those who get Electricity in their villages is more than enogh than any appreciation. #electrification #MannKiBaat
NAIC sar
No Salute required....do some good to all...
Super sir ji
Sir ji, Please try to manage time to visit to Chakma Autonomous District Council, Lawngtlai,Mizoram,India.
They knew this.. thats why they didnt want to depend on the Goberment... 
Feku ka ek aur Jumla hai Mitro hum Bhaastri Jumla Party (BJP) hai.
This is the result of dear workers .

Ab tak nahi huye karywahi
We salute you and your team. U have left no stone unturned to achieve this great result....Hats off to the whole team efforts.
Incredible feat if true.....no doubt
Hats off to our leader PM.
Full power
Thanq pm.modi

A milestpne in Indian history. Keep it up. We are proud of you sir!
I Solute for your efforts and  hardworking.
Really woderful job they have done..... Thank you all and Thanks to Modi ji sarkar !!!
Great effort in deed to match the great vision.
Agar bijli k khambe lag Gaye ho gaon me to usko aap bijli Ka aana manenge ki nhi manenge?
Sir మీరు ఇచ్చిన పిలుపు తో దేశంలోని మారుమూల ప్రాంతాల్లో వెలుగు నింపారు..నేను జమ్మూకాశ్మీర్ రాష్ట్రంలో లోని మారుమూల గ్రామాల్లో పర్యటించి షూటింగ్ చేసినా ను..అక్కడి ప్రజలు మిగురించి చాలా గొప్పగా చెప్పారు ,మీరు వాళ్ళ దృష్టిలో #దేవుడు  ..2019 లో కూడా మీరే #ప్రధానమంత్రి కావాలి అని ఆశ.
Satya Narayana Sahu Swachha Bharat Sir
Very good sir
जय हो,बहुत अच्छी बात हुई।
Mr #PM & Mr Goyal,

You are misinforming the public.
आरईसी ने कहा- 7 करोड़ घरों में अभी बिजली पहुंचना बाकी 

#PowerfullIndia? NO.
#BuddhaPurnima Kabul #WhyNotHer Pulwama Lalu Prasad Yadav #JammuAndKashmir #BuddhaJayanti Kathua AIIMS #Modi #RSS #BJP
You are great sir
For whom who is asking for "ache din kab ayenge " .......
Very hard
मोदी जी नमस्कार मै उपेदंर मिश्र आप से अनुरोध करता हूँ कि आप मेरे बेटी अंजलि को आप सरकारी नौकरी दिलाने मे मदद करे मेरी बेटी 85%विकलांग है

भारत माता की जय
Internet to mahabhar kal se hai electricity k mamle mai itni deri..
Grate achivement
मान्यवर,
           अभिवादन. समय से पूर्व प्रत्येक गाँव मे विजली पहुँचाने के लक्ष्य प्राप्त करने की भूरि- भूरि बधाई.
           अब कृपया 24घंटे बिजली आपूर्ति भी सुनिश्चित करायें तभी विद्युतीकरण का असली उद्देश्य पूर्ण माना जाय.
महान कार्य।।
इतिहास आपको याद रक्खेगा।
हम अपनी नई पीढ़ी को क्या दे के जाएंगें, हमे अभी से इसके बारे में सोचना होगा।।
सलाम इनके हौसलों को..
Carriers of light and givers of power and empowerment are our dear brothers and sisters- technical,non technical, skilled, unskilled, who worked day and night to brighten{ in electric power connection to all },strenghten lives of coming youth generations of this Mahan Bharat.
Nice
Request u to give a thought to AP ‘s important issue like Special status  n resolve this issue immediately n gain popularity in AP!
Sir इसी बहाने विपक्ष पार्टियों से पूंछ लीजिए कोई गांव रह तो नही गया। इसमे भी समस्या है उन्हें।
आप सारी media को बोल दीजिये जाए और हर गाँव देख ले और खबर दे ताकि वंहा भी बिजली पहुच जाए
Oh Sir, you are gem, gr8 efforts, long live
Lol.....
There is still some villages in bihar which is still not electrified.
Proud of my country and our beloved PM.
Jay ho
जिला गोरखपुर में गगहा ब्लॉक के रकहट से भेड़ी मार्ग पर कई दिनों से गिरा विद्युत विभाग का पोल जो दुर्घटना को दावत दे रहा है कभी राहगीर तो कभी बाइक सवार भी चोटिल हो चुके हैं लेकिन बार बार सूचना देने के वावजूद कोई खबर नही लेने वाला है
Congratulations to all of you  
Long live India we are proud of you my  brother  modiji  
No comment from tukre tukre gank and hypocrite so called intellectual Bollywood.
Ground reality
Ground reality
Reality
Very good job sir
Sir i thought u will like to change that rope bridge with a real one.
Great.
Such good work@narendramodi
I m proud of India and pm Mr narendra modi ji
हर घर, घर घर बिजली पहुंच रही है 
क्योंकि अब हमारा भारत देश बदल रहा है ।
Yes Sir! Congrats ! Now target is 24x7 power supply ! Safe drinking water to all! Houses for all ! Sanitation for all ! Good schools for all !Good wellness centres for all! Good roads railways airports for all !Good Community Centres for all villages!Good sports for all schools!
Wow!
Great leaders inspire great things!!
I salute and thank as a common man both @narendramodi ji and his team of officials and ground level staff who came together #PowerfulIndia a dream come true.
One can see desire and determination in all pics to achieve something. And when both are there, result is guaranteed. Thumbs-up to team !

#Proud
Happy to have been part of the mission and more happiness on being recognized by the PM @narendramodi #GoGreenGoSolar
धन्यवाद्
I salute pm modi ji.all worker big salute....
Real heroes. Appreciate all ur efforts. Let us together make better nation.
After looking at the terrain, such questions should not occur in anyone’s mind unless they have tested n proved alternatives!
Thanks 2 them.. 
JAi BHARAT....
Indian is moving forward with the Visionary PM... Hats off to all who directly or indirectly participating in this Transformation of New India.
देश की आज़ादी 71 साल बाद भी हम शारीरिक काम कर रहे है और बात करते हैं बुलेट ट्रेन की।
Sir Paise Ki Kitni killat ho gayi hai aap Log Kehte Hain Paisa Hai Paisa hai Apna Paisa Aadmi Khud Nahi nikal Sakta.
Goodfornewindia
First salute the Opposition and stop spreading lies and hatred
Are you a specialist in being economic with the truth. I know that 33 million household are yet to be connected with grid.  Stop thumping your 28 inch chest.
Pretending like u r working very hard but its not in real
This man carrying the solar panels on his back and that too on a rope bridge is beyond belief.These are are the real heroes
जय हो
Modi Power
Great work
Except pm all are working
Sir still there are 100s of village of Jharkhand, still deprived from electric ity, u need to check the data provided to u
Support of my previous statment, I believe that u can do it sir, but u have still miles to go @PiyushGoyal @MinOfPower
Our Prime Minister is posting rope bridge, i hope he would atleast know where that bridge is...let that bridge be converted into at least a little safer type of bridge.
What do u meansafer type? Can you show at least photograph of safer type of bridge? Do you hv any to offer or just Bakwas? Tweet valuable which can b appreciated! Education surely expand n enhance thinking ability! Do not waste on creating garbage!
उत्तराखण्ड के बहुत से गाँवो में अभी भी बिजली नही पहुची , और न ही शौचालय ,न ही गंगा मे गिरते नाल बंद हुए है ।
