Congratulations sir. Hats off for your tireless effort.
Well done
सर हम बिहार के सुपौल जिला के बसंतपुर परखण्ड के नीवासी हूँ। मेरा गाँव में बिजली तो है पर बिजली रहती नहीं है।साम 7 बजे जो की बच्चों की पढाई का समय रहता है उसी समय बिजली काट लिया जाता है।
           इसलिए आप से निवेदन है की 24 घंटा बिजली देने की किरपा की जाए।
             मोज़म्मिल
me Aarif Khan tawri  ser Asifa ko insaf dilao plz
Hu gujarati
Great job. Highly appreciated. thanks
Nice
Provide supported documents. Please do always what you.
Wow sir
Nice
राम मंदिर नहीं तो बीजेपी नही
Woww good
Please provide data to support this statement.
Why you haven’t given patna university NAAC accreditation and Bihar wants Vishesh Rajya ka darja
Sir, you do something for delay n delivery of flats in Noida to Sr citizens who had put their hard earned money for flat. Builders are powerful,  to fight in  RERA or courts by consumer is difficult. Delay in delivery is common to all.
Grateful sir
Bihar ke liye bhee kuchh sochiye modi jee. yuva ke bare me sochiye.
Jai Hind
Great decision
Infrastructure is the key to development
We are happy for you great achievements
http://petrol.Now  Rs 80 Bjp bhakth people No problem.. i am a normal people plz give 45"Rupees

Jai bharat
Go on showing photos to public.
#Feku

Go ahead sir we r with u
कोग्रेंसीयो ने ५० साल राज किया है ,आज सत्ता के लिये किस मुंह से बात करते हैं ।
Modi ji pahle ham home buyers ka kuch kijiye jo noida extension me ghar khareed ke fanse hue hain
There is Thane kalwa brige its was started in 2014 and suppose to end by 2016 JKumar infra is constracting .. as of now only 30 to 40 % actual work happen.. every day peak time amost every one spend aveage 30 Min cross 300 m bridge..
@nitin_gadkari @Dev_Fadnavis @MMRDA_TWEET
Do you have any tension related to our citizen why u are not taking any action related to earphones. People while driving put earphone any don't listen the horn and accident takes place. There was accident in past 2-3 days and childern died becauz he was driving putting earphone
2 W
This is just a review government... No work done
प्रधानमंत्री जी ओ तो ठीक है लेकिन रोजगार बन्द है ट्रेनों की लेट लतीफी गत एक वर्षों में बढ़ गयी है,सिस्टम में कोई जबाबदेही क्यो नही है, आप इंफ्रस्ट्रक्चर डवलप करिये लेकिन रोजगार युवाओं को जरूरी,up में टोटल बन्द है भर्ती कृपया खोलिये।हर विभाग में रिक्तियां खाली है।
Kodos Prime Minister. Raparap!!!!
Gòod after noon dearest PM.    एक बात तो जरूर आप को भी कटोटती ही होगी कि एक देश एक कानून के लिए आप लड़ते रहे , लेकिन  gratuity के मामले मे यह क्या? किसी को 01-01-16 से और किसी को 29-03-18 से....आप ऐसा अन्याय नही कर सकते । अतः हमारा आप से अनुरोध एक बार फिर से सोचने का है....
We really appreciate the clarity in your thoughts and approach Sir, as a very responsible citizen of India I have a request to you...Please work out some strategy to get clear mandate in 2019...I know one thing, the people who really belive in caste less India want you PM
congratulation and i happy
Gujarat metro line is functioning now?
Msg Karne se to Koi ans hi nhi dete aap Sab.....
Jai bjp E bari bjp
I am agree with श्री मान नरेंद्र मोदी जी

Sir we have to keep a auditing&monitoring body to watch the progress and stop corruption or commission on these projects while execution.Other wise 50% of the project cost will go into Politicians&officials pocket.More projects more money for Politicians
A .R .DINA KARAN
BJP
Tamil Nadu
Anonymous but urgent message for two pm of two big countries of the world meeting soon common interest are important but the need of the hour is to make the divergence also common and leave no space for divergence
Please give link to site for more information
Atleast give us a percentage figure for over-budget and currently delayed projects.
Sir pl do something about north and south rivers linking and announce the project as national integration program
Sir aapne aaj desh ko bahut kuch diya h, me chahta hu aap milawat khoro ke khilaf b ak strong law le kr aao, aae din nakli ghi, dudh, fruits, hr ak chij apne desh me with medicin or milawat se taiyar ho rahi h,in logo pr karwai nai ak strong and strick law ki need h
Modi ji mene aap ko PACL ke bare me litha tha us par dyan de kyoki bahut hi garib logo ka pesa han aapko es faitha 2019 aapko milega ji
वन्देमातरम।।।।
Nice one
Namo Namo
Why don't you do press conference ? Why not let ppl ask you questions regarding current failure of system rather question of how u become pm ?
Press conferance wont make fruitfull result
Therefore no one should do any press conference.
A press conference where all the reporter can ask questions.not a press conference for giving just written statement.
पुरानी पेंशन बहाल करें।
namo
Mr. Modi, we all like you for the hardships you do to make India shine  but you must work towards creating strong laws in India specially related to corruptions. Our media, our legal system police, judges, lawyers are all corrupt because of which innocents are not getting justice
I really admire your work ethics ..kudous to you the way you are leading Our country but at sane time would like to suggest please do just with farmers ..They need it badly #rural india need to be looked upon with slightly deeper insights
Vo open kare or jo sabut bapu ke vakilo dwara diye h ve bhi open karo or ladki k bayan medical
Report b fir ch. Karo
Bapu asaram ji ko kanun ne nahi kanun ke sahare unke hi apno ne fansa h bapu ke arbo rupye bharat kai dhani logo or netao ke pas rakhe h or bapu ke bahar ate hi lautane hpnge
Esliye drsh ka kanun to dikhawa h yadi court ki karywahi sahi h to total sabut jo bapu ke kilaf h vo
Sir all projects need longer tenure repayment of bank loan to survive
पप्पु लॉलीपॉप बाटकर जनता को बेवकूफ बनाने का काम कर रहा है।
पप्पु छोटा बच्चा है लॉलीपॉप बाटने के सिवा कुछ और उसके माँ बाप ने सिखाया नही इसको
राज घराने वाला है पप्पु युवराज।
उत्तर दक्षिण पूर्व पश्चिम क्यों फिरता दाने दाने नू।
सर्व कला सतगुरू साहेब की हरि आए हरियाणा नू।।
तत्वज्ञान के आधार पर भारत फिर से विश्व गुरु बनने की ओर अग्रसर है अधिक जानकारी के लिए देखें साधना TV 7:30 pm
chup chutiye... jaa jaake chai laa.
This is the reason that today India is becoming the largest steel producing country of the continent. And the GDP graph is the highest.and our IT sector stronness is no need to any introduction .
It is now the result of your efforts and hard work. Honorable
Bangladeshis r spreading like cancer in delhi JJ cluster in delhi den of Bangladeshis motor garrage & Hawkers on govt land Hawkers is Rs 25000 crore industry for police is fear less under d patronage of home ministers /LG pl save delhi save delhi
सर कोटा राज के 32 समाजो में से सरकार ने 27 भूखण्ड बहाल कर दिए 5 समाज को 7 मार्च तक देने का आश्वासन दिया लेकिन अभी तक कार्यवाही नहीं हुई आप से आग्रह है कि इन कार्य को शीघ्र करावे
I love u sir
#Honestly let's know why #ReddyBrothers are in #KarnatakaElection2018
पूर्ण परमात्मा का नाम कबीर है । जिसका प्रमाण सभी शास्त्रों में है । संत रामपाल जी महाराज ने इस छुपे हुये अनमोल ज्ञान को सभी शास्त्रों को खोलकर दिखाया है ।
Modi u r great but public will be not to support to win 2019 lokshabha chunav.
Bast pm of india modiji
Second instalment of Centrally Assisted Projects under AMRUT in Delhi Jal Board awaited since September effecting progress of works.
Please I want help from the government to build my own house please help me shortly
Am also waiting for government facilities but not this is possible even now
एक ही कारणवश एक ही राज्य,आज नौमहीने से होरही लगातार मौतों का कोई अंत नजरनहीं आ रहा है क्या आगामी चुनाव तक यह सिलसिला चलता रहेगा याआप बीच में कोई रास्ता निकाल कर #शिक्षामित्रों की मृत्युदर में कमीलाने का प्रयास करेंगे,UPके #शिक्षामित्रों भी इंसान ही हैं #शिक्षामित्रों_की_सुनो_PM।
keep the good work going . God bless you .
Simply Amszing and Superb Sir
Why just 12 states and not all the states, obviously Gujarat would be one of them.And when you are planning to finish it, 2200?
Be a lion in your tweet also.
Teri bhen ki.. saaale
Please see Tamilnadu also ji.
meetings are ok, what is the result ........ nobody wants to know how much you laboured ........... Have you got the work done / Is the fruit ready to eat ....... that is my concern ............. every body is trying hard to make ends meets. Your meetings end without result
hahaha here we r enjoying SHIRUI FESTIVAL.. bdw tats a great thing u have done!
Good for  youth ....new concept
We support crypto currency in India
Our Gandhissm Party Nepal wil protest against Undemocratic and Violence war Booss of Religious PM of India Modi ji,Go Back ,Appil to join worldwide Nepali on this protest .
Sir ..i really love the way you manage India today, But what's the outcome....let's talk about results and not policies.....
I think your next mantra would be " to make policies work for people "
What I mean is that we the people shud follow those policies.... We shud bring in the change and lead to the outcome what I are proposing in your policies
Obc waalon ko scholarship kyun nahi di gayi
भारत और चीन दोनो देश मत भेद भुला कर चुने नई राहें
good move
Hinjda modi pragati karega 2220 tak
Humble PM , I know along with you are spending 10 lakh core for one city of Gujarat, I think you forget.
Thank you
Modi ji 325 ki sankhya LOK SANG A me/Aur 73 RAJYA SABHA me to phir dhara 370 ?
Wow- That is a huge sum of money .... India definitely needed it to improve its infra. We as a nation will have to work together and find ways to ensure the whole nation and all its people grow and prosper together.
Modiji, tons of announcements like this are made. But do they all get completed? Can you provide a dashboard that shows all of your announcements and their status so that people of #India can verify them?

#PRAGATI
@makeinindia 
@investindia 
@EODB_India
#NewIndia
@PIB_India
Sir,  this initiatives are good. But what are/will/when will you cut down the ever increasing petrol, diesel and cocking gas. Congis were voted out for this reasons. Do something else ur party will also meet with same fate in 2019.
How many of them were for Reliance? Or how many for Gujarat?
Proud to be an Indian...............I always want ki modi ji hamesha ......logo ke lye aache kaam krreee.......jiss se hamara india b badhe 
Jai hind
Beyond general citizens
Wao superbbb.this is giant step.vary soon we become devloped country.devloping word heart me
Sir kabhi sawarno (brahaman rajpooto) ke bare me v soch Liya kijiye .ham v to apke vote bank hi h
What are those 10 states..?
सर , देशहित के लिए कुछ करिये , पेसो के पासवर्ड सुरक्षित नही हे , पत्र द्वारा दी गयी सभी जानकारी पीएमओ में मौजूद हे , पर कोई कार्यवाही नही ??
सर , पेसो डिपार्टमेंट की login पासवर्ड का एक कम्पनी गलत इस्तेमाल कर रही हे , हमने पीएमओ में कई बार पत्र दवरा सूचित करवाया , कोई कार्यवाही नही ?? क्या हम माने हर कार्य एक दिखावा हे ।

शेर कभी झुंड में नहीं चलता  शिकार करना है तो अकेले निकलता है मोदी जी सारे विरोधी के एक उंगली पर देख लेंगे कांग्रेस से लेकर टीएमसी तक RJD से लेकर एसपी बीएसपी तक
Jai Hind
पियूष गोयल इसथीपा दे इमानदारी से 2019 मे भाजपा से इसथीपा ले लूंगा और इनके उपर 302 का मुकदमा दर्ज किया जाए
વુક્ષ વાવો વરસાદ લાવો
http://www.keeninfotech.com/Udaipur/IT-CS-Engineering/Internship/Summer-Training …

Plz watch this https://www.facebook.com/kanhayalal.sharma/videos/1377159935718768/ …

ModiMaderchode
Sir I have a dibyang autism spectrum disorder child, I am pensioner,according to govt rules my child has right to co authorized in pension,ppo but govt offers not adding the name,my address manasa tehsil district neemuch  MP you request to help me
Modi nodutilla javedkar kellutilla amit sha matnaduttullia ottare KSOU visaya bage hariuttilla
https://www.facebook.com/groups/1532465537045745/permalink/1857423117883317/ …
क्या बनेगा इतने पैसों से सर
K
@MSDESkillIndia one man is asking me for ₹3250 for #PMKVY  shall I pay or Not 
He his telling me that he his going to Put ₹85000/- in my bank Acc for further work of #PMKVY 
Shall I pay the Money to Him or Not
Is he Fake or Real 
Please help me @narendramodi_in @narendramodi
Namo jai ho
Great Job Modi Sarakar About Nation Pragati Projects Namo Namo Sir Thanksfullllll
Honorable sir,  This is priya verma of Madhya pradesh jabalpur and i am a student of bachelor of engineering. Sir i want  your precious time regarding our project that is smart agricultural irrigation system which will help to our Indian farmers.@narendramodi
Well done
Mandir kab banega.....
Bahot bariya
Keep it up sir ,
Aap ka upar pura desh ko vorosha hai
Namo  namo
प्रधानमंत्री जी आपसे विनम्र प्रार्थना है कि इस पर अवश्य कार्यवाही करवाए ताकि मेरे गांव से अवैध कब्जे खाली हों ।
हरपाल सिंह 8816034003
Jai Shree RadheKrushna
मेरा देश बदल रहा है
आगे बढ़ रहा है

Not you rather d nation be in history- narendra Modi does not exits at all. Due to blessings of Ma n Aashirwad Of 125 crores deshwasi-already KRISHNA has incarnated HIS Super soul in YOU. So it’s HE not YOU
Modi ji agli bar pm aapko hi banayenge.
well done modiji.

Modi ji aap jis raste se ja rahe hai main aap ke saath hoon age badhiye netaji
Devlopment
Sir karyakarta ki koi sunwaai ni ho r hi h preshan h up bjp ke karyakarta.........2019 vote only nota q ki hm ne bs bjp ko vote denaa at a h ..........
You just dishonored medical profession on grandest stage of the world . Bye bye Modi . All medical professionals never ever going to vote you again as we all are soft targets for you and your party always. But the mistake we did last time not going to happen 2019 . So just wait .
Modi's ache din
I am ashamed of being Indian where general class has to pay full fees without any scholarship however poor he may http://be.how  can children of general class get higher education.please shoot all the general class because we have nothing but leave them on fate.

ॐ।।
जगह जगह कुकुरमुत्तों की तरह मदरसे तो उग आए है.....

लेकिन उनमें होता क्या है छोटी बच्चियों का "बलात्कार"
देश में अभी तक जो व्यवस्था चली आ रहीं हैं. जो ब्रिटिश पैटर्न हैं. अतः व्यवस्था परिवर्तन जरुरी हैं. आप विकास के प्रतीक हो. लेकिन पूराने धर्रे पर चल रही कार्यपालिका और न्यायपालिका और विधायिका में में परिवर्तन होना जरुरी हैं
That’s very important for our country and for lot of things................... 
Sir, Your tireless hard work is yielding rewards now. You are our hero following ideals of our Rashtrapita Mahatma Gandhi. Everyone should recognise this.
Dear Pm
Please provide special status
Our Andra pradesh state 
It's not request it's demand
Separate court specially to deal with rape case is better for immediate decision and there should be no appeal its decision is final.
मैगी को 128 देशों में टेस्ट किया गया था सर सभी देशो में उसकी क़्वालिटी बेस्ट ग्रेड की थी लेकिन आपकी नजरों में वो हानिकारक थी,जब चार सौ करोड़ का जुर्माना आपकी सरकार को दे दिया तो अचानक मैगी जनता के लिए लाभदायक हो गयी ,,कैसे ?
People those make hangama in parliament just don't give them vote.
Great. Going good.

@HardeepSPuri @CMOfficeUP @dr_maheshsharma @pksbjp Why’s no one discussing the plight of #Cheatedhomebuyers We paid money to buybut #corruptbuilders siphoned it to enjoy life Here we are running from pillar to post to get what’s rightfully ours #SAVEJPWISHTOWN #MYHOMEMYRIGHT
All of the http://B.Tech  Graduates are unemployed as companies fear of giving high salaries for the graduates whereas they can get ITI/Diploma graduates for comparitively less salaries hence all our core jobs are affected. Take a note sir.
Hai sir  pls save ap
Wow my great PM.  A citizen of india
Nice idea brother
Great !
Kiya baat hai,RAM BHOROSEY HINDU HOTEL.RECORD thod diya sir aap ne.
Jai hind sir
Sir pehle hme desh ke yuvao ke bare me sochne ki jarurat hai desh me badhte gang rap or updrawi ghatnao ko rokne ki jarurat hai desh ko 100me100 percent sikhchit hone ki jarurat hai agr aisa krne me aap or hm 50 percent v kamyab huwe na to aanewale kal me ek nya Bharat ujagr hoga
बहुत बहुत शुभकामनाएं।
Sir. Kindly show four years archivement progress report in Media the public will know who government doing the jobs etc. Kindly advice your ministry to take this issue immediately.
Time never repeats again and again, to maintain top level all measures must be adopted,fastgrowth of infrastructure is important, everyone are observing various progress in the country except those ,whose extra income is about to closed
Sirji is ur party members Wil solve our core isues or de Wil just GV false assurance
bahut badhiya
मोदी सरकार ने कहा था की 3 साल में सारे मानवरहित रेलवे फाटक बंद हो जायेंगे।आज 4 साल बाद भी ऐसे हादसे क्यों हो रहे है।बीजेपी और कांग्रेस शासन में कोई फर्क नहीं है....
sir 2019 aape ko hi aane ha
Modi ji Namaste kaise ho aap

Share narendar modi
सर हमारा सोच हर सब्सीडी खत्म कर दिया जाय पढा़ई व दवाई पर बिशेष ध्यान दिया जाय ताकि हर बच्चा उँची शिक्षा प्राप्त कर सके
Sir , dont promote judge under con pressure . He is a con- man 
Also dont appoint gogoi  Cji  for he is the head of gang of 4 judges who has destroyed the good-will  of  SC globally  . Take the  bull  by the  horns  !  FORTUNE  FAVOURS  THE  BRAVE  !!
Sir i want to meet you plzzzzzz sir its my dream
5 years old driving in Himachal and nobody gave me money, all have cheated me, so please help me, Prime Minister.
Namo
bad pm
Modi g  ache din kab aayege plz help call me 7559719298 plz plz

@sambitswaraj ONGC Director
क्रोध एक विद्युत तरंग है जो इसे सहन कर लेता है वह इस विद्युत रंग से  अपनी विद्युत ज्योति को हजार गुनी बड़ा लेता है और अपने आप की ज्योति बढ़ाकर ज्योतिर्मान हो जाता है और जो इसे सहन नहीं कर पाता वह विद्युत तरंग से स्वयं जलकर नष्ट हो जाता है
Good governance modi ji government
Sir Ji 
Hamare city mai swatchta abhyan bahut dhime gade se chal raha hai 
PLZ kutch karye
Only talk show....no solve problems.. disqualified for position n for PM... totally Zero for your vision....
Very nice nice pm
माँ गंगा ही जीवन है     आदरणीय@narendramodi जी जिस दिन से माँ गंगा को टिहरी में बाँध से बांधा गया है उसी दिन के बाद से साल दर साल जल का संकट बढ़ता जा रहा है आप ने ही बाबा विश्वनाथ की नगरी में कहा था "मुझे तो माँ गंगा ने बुलाया है"तो आप माँ गंगा को कैसे बाँधकर रख सकते है।
We gud to @people gud
