
Every one know this thing sir
CONGRESS jaan e man
Tuu hii mera dil
Tujh bin tarase naina
Dil se na jaati hain
Yaaden tumhari
Kaise tum bin jeena
Aankhon mein tu hain
Aansoo mein tu hain
Aankhen band kar lun to
Man mein bhi tu hain
Khwabon mein tuu
Sanson mein tu CONGRESS --- BJP
@INCIndia @INCKarnataka

मुझे याद है जब स्कूल में प्रतिज्ञा करवाई जाती थी कि "भारत मेरा देश है समस्त भारतीय मेरे भाई बहन है"अब हर #घर #मन्दिर #मस्जिदों में #संत #मौलवी #नेता #युवा से प्रतिज्ञा करवानी चाहिए जिससे बलत्कार जैसी घटनाओं से बच्चियों को बचाया जा सके माँ अपने बेटों को शपथ…

कबीर गुर सो ज्ञान लीजिये  शीश दीजिये दान बहुतक भोंदू बहे राखि जीव अभिमान ।
मैं रोऊँ इस सृष्टि को, ये सृष्टि रॉय मोहे।
कह कबीर इस वियोग को, समझ नही सकता कोय।।
جیون تو تہوڑا ھی لاکھ ورش کا جیونا لی
BJP only winning sir.
Please come to Karnataka and take care in all manner, This time full fight is there.
Any way we should not give chance to others.
Cheers . We the Unity India needs You and Your Services again and again ...
EVM zindabad
BJP will never win
आज जो लोग पूछते है कि मोदी जी ने क्या किया है तो खुद अपनी आंखों से देख लो
Congrats
Modiji, How could you sell tea at Vadanagar railway station before it was built as you said?

Now who is the biggest liar in India?

Why can’t you accept RG’s challenge on 15 minutes discussion on national issues?

Are you scared?

PM should be brave and not a coward!
 pappu bolega 15 min 
15 mins?
Agar PM Modi bolane lage to 15 seconds me mut dega Pappu chaddi me
Tho phir bolte kyu nahi
Why anyone want to ans a moronic question?

Why not Rahul call media and speak? even more than 15min he can... 
Does he want to speak secretly to PM ?

Don't show IQ on social media...
People are smarter than anyone think...
Sad buddy... He cannot speak properly... Again he might fumble in simple words like vish.... Vishwe.... Vishweshw..... Are.. So its okay dear pappu 
What you aspect from papu...
Just enjoy daily comedy with RaGa
Can you explain how could Modi sell tea at Vadanagar railway station before it was built?
शुभ कामना भाई साहब
NEXT 3 OR 4 ELECTION, CONGRESS WON'T COME IN POWER IN INDIA IF THERE IS A GOOD LEADER LIKE YOU!  THEY HAVE DONE ENOUGH BY POWER/CORRUPTIONS/SCAM/ETC.ETC.ETC.ETC,
Modi really you are great, to win any state you can go upto any level of corruption, again you have proved that you are only with corrupted people, just before Karnataka election yeddyurappa is welcome by you. Great modi great.
We want special status for ap
Expose these rascals how by contaminating lakes they are increasing the spread of cancer among the people of Bangalore. But get rid of the Reddys they are criminals.
BJP knows it is not winning in Karnataka, which is why it is constantly spreading lies and playing divisive politics. Sadly for them, the people of Karnataka know the negative politics of BJP very well and will reject the party.
Sadly, Prachar Mantri always forget that people are coming to reality, though slowly. Dividing people & society at large is your conspiracy in collusion with RSS, larger the divide, better are chances of BJP. But this time people of Karnatka are well aware of your lies.
Do one thing to test your confidence in Karnatka, stop doing rallies there & sit at your office in Delhi, do some work in real. This will relieve people in Delhi too who suffer on roads due to your travelling.
कोंग्रेस ने तो कब की हार मानली है अब उनके पास ऐसा कोई मुद्दा भी नही बचा जिस पर राजनीति रोटियां बेली जाए मोदी का काम बोलता गए साहब
congress ki pas koi muda nahi hai
Hello Mr. Modi you are still the PM of my country kindly stop representing the BJP only n please provide us employment and 15lakh of the black money.U can't play us anymore. Winning this winning that, what d hell is wrong with you?Show us ur positive politics

MODI JI AAP HINDI M KYOO LIKHTE HMARA MATR BHASHA HINDI HAI NA TOHHHH .
Sir when will you gain courage to face the press conference in India? When will you face Karan Thapar and NDTV ?
pm is proving every now & then that he is brave.he will prove again with tenability to every body in the nation & to the interested http://int.community . let us wait & see the 'one india' with total eradication of all evils both moral, legal' materialistic & what not.
Sir desh ne aapko sirf elections jitane ke liye elect nhi kiya tha.
Bahut ummeed thi aap se pr aapne bhi sirf sapne dikha kr chod diya.
Behan/Beti surakshit nhi hai
Mahangai aasman chu rhi hai
Kisan/bankers sab pareshan hai
Kuch kare sir
Desh barbad ho rha hai
They have done every possible step , taken every possible measure and spread every possible lie they could . Par People of Karnataka won't fall in this trap this time . They believe that they have a visionary and hardworking PM under whose leadership Karnataka will progress now
whether @BSYBJP will b CM if #BJP wins at Karnataka or @narendramodi ? OR @PMOIndia is going 2 take anyspecial role in d state den let him announce it now. Bjp was in Ktka earlier N we have seen how worst d admin was.
Now I see BJP as BSY, Hegde and REddy gang. PM will lead them?
I want to Congress  less Karnataka please support all young stars   jai hind
और तो सब कुछ ठीक है पर मध्यप्रदेश से शिवराज सिंह को मुख्यमंत्री पद से हटाने की कृपा कर नही तो कांग्रेस को मध्यप्रदेश देने जैसा होगा
Modi ji what abt corruption free india when u make Bellary bros.(mining mafia) come back in karnataka ???
Why wear Reddy brothers' second hand Chaddi? Buy a fresh one.
You are British citizen 
Sir.... How come you are remembering there is a state called Karnataka within India......? Ohhhhhhhh it's election time... Sorry.... Goodluck sir.... !
In the ensuing Karnadaga general electiin BJP may get absolute majarity and forn Govt.
Vi
Ssss
Good
Karnataka will not support this kind of politics of congress
But BJP is not expected to waste it's energy in talking about congress all the time. That's their win. You focus in your agenda and march forward. Bhonkane wale bhonkte rahenge.
Sir, Dr Subramanian Swamy has exposed many times that Sant Shri Asaram Bapu Ji was framed in conspiracy & imprisoned in jail as he opposed proselytization activities of Christian missionaries & reconverted back many hindus
#BogusCaseOnAsaramBapuji
Sir,
By POCSO Misuse, an INNOCENT can be jailed just due to an UNPROVEN claim As evident in Sant Shri Asaram Bapu Ji's case
         Misuse of POCSO is increasing too much PM Sir, look into this matter & save innocents. #BogusCaseOnAsaramBapuji
कुछ राजनीतिक पार्टियां इतनी हद तक गिर गई कि अपने वोट बैंक के लिए कुछ भी कर सकते हैं जो इंसान अपने बच्चों की कसम झूठी कसम खा सकते हैं वह कैसा होगा अब कहां गए मोमबत्ती गैंग और बॉलीवुड की नचनिया
लाख नफ़रत फैला दो,
समाज के पैमाने में,
हम दिन-रात एक कर देंगे,
दोबारा मोदी राज लाने में ॥
#2019 
#नमो_नमो
Only bjp
Right sir @narendramodi
haha what a joke... look who is talking about divisive politics...if your political funding becomes transparent, you will lose

What if “Congress not winning is a lie”?
@IRCTCofficial  I cancelled my train ticket on 17 - 04 but amount is not credited in my bank account till now, what a worst railway network we are having.
PM is busy in Election and foreign tour and on one care about our problem .
I hate this government very badly
PNR number is 2444728586

I called many times to Customer care also but no satisfaction answer given by them .
U refunded but in my bank account it is not credited till now , it already 10 days gone .
When I apporched to @TheOfficialSBI bank they told me asked to @IRCTCofficial  and when I apparoched to IRCTC they are telling me asked to bank.

Is we ppls are football for government ??
Dear Dhruv, please clarify the mode of transaction used by you-Debit card/Credit card or Internet banking. We will be happy to assist you.
Thanks for reply 
I used debit card for booking .
Hey what about speedy resolution ? today is 14th day and amount is not credited in my account yet now .
Please share the ticket number registered by you on CMS, so we could assist you more effectively in this regard.
Ya sure bjp will winning in karnataka
ಸುಳ್ಳು ಕಾಂಗೀಗಳ ಮನೆದೇವ್ರು. ಮೋದಿ ನೀವೊಮ್ಮೆ ಬಂದು ಹೋಗಿ ಸಾಕು. @BSYBJP ಸಿಎಂ ಆಗೋದು ಖಚಿತ...
Sri Modi_ji Karnataka ko ayiye Congress mukth Karnataka karne keliye @narendramodi
Jhoot thy name is Congress .
SHAME !!
What about your himalayan lie that you will be giving Rs. 15 Lakh if you will become PM Are you PM now and where is 15 lakhs
Hii
Ha ha ha ha
Very True People of Karnataka know you are King of your Tounge ......
Hindu Muslim Pahele ....
Vikas to Sadak par Paida ho hi jayega
Divisive
I think you shd leave the office of PM nd work day n night only for elections that will suit you better.....sir when my sisters are being killed u r giving speeches against cong???
Congress
Believe it, Please follow this new Twitter fan Account of PM Shri Narendra Modi: @namo_office and Support him to 2019. 
Kindly NEVER MAKE YOUR 2014 MISTAKE please vote him out for GOOD
People are not ready to be betrayed again in the hands of either Modi or bjp... 2019 u will see the opposite of 2014..2019 won’t be a cake walk for u 
These are not lies spread by the congress. These are true facts.
Namo namo
@narendramodi  apart from election campaigns for your BJParty,hope you spend some time in knowing the facts about farmer suicides in both tamilnadu and karnataka,just because there is no assistance from the center.
You ppl are Masters in deceving ppl , both national party fooling indians , you ppl are leader's of their own respective states
Spreading lier 
Apse bada liar kaun hai iss duniya me
@BJP4India  @sambitswaraj
Yes Cong , AAP , Cong Media are very desparte for power

If u know so well that if Congress is not winning Karnataka, then why do u give tkts to all criminals, currupt politicians and mining mafias like Reddy brothers, Yedurappa, etc?
Definitely we kannadigas fed up with congress party. Now we are feeling unsafe as we are Hindus. This is the situation of Karnataka. There is no protection for Hindus in Karnataka. So many young hindu people murdered in day only but no one cares.
many Muslims also were murdered which equates that @BJP4Karnataka is playing communal politics, now that #ReddyBrothers are in the game, it will be #BellaryJanardhanreddyParty and Corrupt @BSYBJP will remain mute as his beau @ShobhaBJP and son didnt get seat this time :)
So true. Congress should be ashamed of itself
SSC scam ke upar kyon chup ho
Bharat mai jitne bhi Banker hai o sab log 2019 mai BJP ko vote nahi milenga#CPC for bankers
Where is my15 lakhs ...
When you take black money back..
Deposit my accounts.
Congress knows that loss provides an opportunity to take inventory of their defeats,to reconsider priorities,and to determine new directions.I don't think congress is doing an introspection of their growth. It's a poor show of congress.

I am expecting that BJP will get. "175  to  200"  seats in Assembly elections conducting in Karnataka State May 2018. % ✓ government form BJP in Karnataka State. 
सत्यमेव जयते ।  धर्मो रक्षति रक्षित: ।
                          धन्यवाद: भो: ।
Babbar sher is back and he is going to roar loud and clear during his visit to karnataka.
Best wishes for a huge victory in Karnataka
MHRD forgot GKCIET,WB,Malda
College authority doesn't take any responsibility for us
Since 2014-2018 No Affiliation in http://B.TECH  
We want justice
We are totally helpless
We want http://B.TECH  Affiliation & Admission
Please help us
#saveGKCIET #saveourLIFE
Dont worry tamilnadu protest in kavery issue this protest still karnataka election after that they are  leave it
Bjp strategy to involve reddy brother in election campaign is the worst part of Karnataka elections ....
Whose lies r these Modi ji ?

#RaiseUrVoice
sir   you always done for nation...we r with you..its...real you are our p.m for next 15 years...carry  on....your work

Kuch to kami hai tere kirdaar me, warna itne dange nhi hue kisi sarkar me
And what r u expecting in m.p.where your govt. is petting sand mafiya, they killed ips, reporter, and those who came in their way by trucks, first correct ur mistakes, i am not from congress or any other party, i am a common man.
Namo namo har  har modi ghar ghar modi
Please don’t do rally because u know you are winning?
Hello.sir.
BJP want to win election in karnataka in leadership of most corrupt CM in India awarded by Amit Shah, Mr Yadurappa and Fraud Raddy brothers. You people will never ever get success I Karnataka. People are matured enough to understand yours tricks.
Sir can you promise Bangalore voters one thing at least. You willammend the law suitably to permit Mayors election to Bangalore a direct one. That is the mayor will be elected directly by the voters not by corporators. This will enable election of honest person.
Murderer
Owh
Sir nobody can beat in telling lies. U r no.1. Don’t worry
Petrol & Diesel ka Daam thoda kam kijiye Aap !
VERY BAD PERSON ON HIGH RANK, THEY ARE VERY BAD, I WISH TO END OF THIS COUNTRY BAD PERSON ALL
Train him to save from BJP’s embarrassments http://www.tripurainfoway.com/news-details/TN/105730/lsquo-diana-hayden-was-unworthy-to-be-miss-world-aishwarya-rai-is-okay-to-represent-laxmi-saraswati-rsquo-tripura-cm.html …
Si can you work on baking centre and help me to get out from so many banking issues
Sir this is an example
This is how coastal belt of #Karnataka welcomed @RahulGandhi !
Paresh’s death avenged!! This wave you will see everywhere! #Kumta has just started it..
…
i love my mp
@narendramodi @AmitShah इनको कर्नाटक की पड़ी है... #कुशीनगर_हादसा 
@juhiesingh @Aamitabh2 @ssrajputinc @anshuINC @sunilyadv_unnao @anil100y @anshuINC @anuragspparty @yadavakhilesh @INCIndia @RahulGandhi @MayawatiUp @yadavtejashwi @JM_Scindia @AkhileshPSingh @NareshUttamSP
Manniy pm ji sm ka bhee kuchh bhala kar dijiye.
Casting couch .Every body talking about this nowadays. When a woman willingly accepts later if she becomes or when she cant get what she wants then complain about CC. People not considering deceitful mentality of some women.
Sir, Bank employees had taken a lot of commission for exchange of old currencies in bulk. You should do a major reform in the banking system to avoid large scale corruption. Several bank scams are tarnishing image of India
मूजे हीन्दी आती है सर
"Divisive Politics"...... Invented by Congress, Pushed by V P Singh & Company and "MASTERED" by.........,,
We will want a bjp gov n development alla peoples
Ek bat to h ki ap abtak k sabse acche pm ho y hamara nasib h jo ap jaise pm hame mile lekin sir ji jo log karz s mar rhe h unke liye bhi kuch kijiye log 10% 20% interest bhar bhar k mar rhe h..jay hind jay Bharat
No not like that...we,the people of Karnataka analysis which party will give best to the country as well as to the people especially regarding #corruptionfree #goodgovernance #empowermentofpoorpeople
Please consult the kavery melanmai variyam sir
Pura duniya jaanta hei ji... even we are eagerly waiting to give punch by vote against current indian govt
प्रधान सेवक जी आपने सिर्फ 4 वर्ष कोंग्रेस कोंग्रेस कह कर निकाल दिए ।
जाते जाते कुछ झूठी राष्ट्र भक्ति के कुछ कर जाओ । 2019 मौका मिले न मिले ।याफिर  विजय माल्या ,नीरव मोदी की तरह देश से गुम हो जाओगे ।
स्वास्थ की हालत बहुत गम्भीर भ्याभव समस्या रूप ले चुकी हैं । दूसरा देश कहा हम कहा
Shame Mr Modi you lie too much in 4 years now once again you  lied don't talk about Congress past talk about your BJP present
Over confidence never good for anyone.
#INC very desperate to over come anti incumbency....reality is Karnataka People are wise enough to reject DYNASTIC RAJ or one family Raj at least after 6 + decade's of independence INDIA... KARNATAKA WILL SAY GOOD BYE TO CONGRESS .... vote for real Democracy....
Time is given for everyone and God give chances to everyone.....so don't be over confident...
Congress also knows it is not winning in Karnataka, which is why it is also constantly spreading lies and playing divisive politics. Sadly for them, the people of Karnataka also know the negative politics of Congress very well and will reject the other party.
#SpotTheDifference?
Not ly Karnataka, whole India has to exclude both the parties
अब #चुनावप्रचारमंत्री की जुबान का ताला(#दिल्ली की दुकानों की तरह #सीलिंग थी) खुल गया है 

ये तब तक नहीं रूकेगा जब तक 

कि #कर्नाटक का 

#अंतिम मतदाता वोट नही दे देता ।
ಅಬ್ ಕಿ ಬಾರ್ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ ಮೇ ಬಿಜೆಪಿ @BSYBJP ಕೀ ಸರ್ಕಾರ್.. #KarnatakaTrustsModi
ಅಬ್ ಕೀ ಬಾರ್ ಸಿದ್ದರಾಮಯ್ಯ ಸರ್ಕಾರ್
No modi saab you will be rejected
Truth always wins...
Congress has completely destroyed Karnataka by playing communal politics, the people of Karnataka should use their brains to remove congress from Karnataka
Sir I did a mistake to believe on you
You did always fake news and fighting each other. Never talk about development
You will loose in 2019 elections if Bapuji is not released ...#BogusCaseOnAsaramBapuji
Modiji, I request you to use hand rails while ascending on stairs anywhere. You are most important resource for my country. Pl consider.
Rajasthan हम 2013 में नर्स ग्रेड द्वितीय भर्ती में चयन हुऐ लेकिन आपकी सम्मानित ओर बहुमत वाली सरकार ने 4514 पद कम करके हमारी ज्वाईनिग को रोका हमारे साथ जो कि सरासर गलत है आपसे विनती करते है कि हम 2013 के वंचित नर्सेज को ज्वाईनिंग देकर राहत प्रदान करे
வெற்றி நிச்சயம் இது வேத சத்தியம்.
@narendramodi are u BJP ka PM ya India? Once u sit on the PM chair please retain from politics n focus on development of the country. Btw tere BJP waale bhi chutiya hi hai!
Help me please sir
Congress and the BJP*
Hamare desh ka mukhiya modi jee aap jaisa koe nhi.
caste canvassing.breaking great lingyat community.but karnataka people are well educated.they should reject congress
Respected Modi sir
BJP will not win 2019 elections since none of promises made were honoured. 
People will teach lesson to liars in coming elections.
congress not winning ?! 
oh reddy bros ! 
you are great ! 
tusse great ho !
West bangle win appko hona hai
Rahul makes a pathetic speech blaming all ills on Namo...But all figures point at Nehru Sonia family..Well Nehruian Himalayan Blunders, Farmers Suicides, Loans to Mallaya n Niruv..Policy on Pak after Nehru's slip and Indra's return of 93000 Prisoners without settling Kashmir....
Well said, Sir. #KarnatakaTrustsModi . #VoteBJP2SaveKarnataka
Aap jo kar rahe bahot accha.par sir sansad kya itna kaam kar rahe hai ki unko pension milna chahie.aur khana pina rahena sab free uske baad sansad mein bethene ke liye alaga se kyun?
Hahaha whole world knows u r lying at the people of india and how was the experience in Tamil Nadu
#CongressMathomme
जो कार्य @INCIndia 60 वर्षो में नही कर पाई, वो कार्य @BJP4India 4 वर्षो में कैसे कर सकती है। इस आरोप-प्रत्यारोप को बंद करो और हिंदुस्तान के विकास की बात करो
@RahulGandhi 
@AmitShah 
@digvijaya_28 
@rajnathsingh 
@JM_Scindia 
@ChouhanShivraj
Bjp will win
Still congress in every rallies sir,I think congress will automatically get benefitted from BJP,coz BJP keep on repeating congress,this name will again registered in Nations mind,
Contest in Karnataka You can't win even in front of a Grama Panchayat Member. Here this is the ground reality about you http://Mr.PM .!! You are the Bestest Fake Promotion dealer PM of India. People of Karnataka know the cheapest politics of BJPee..!! Will reject BJPee.
Hello sir,
Achche din kab dikhayenge.. we need improvement in military operations. Pct. schools are charging too high fees, reservation process is a bad influence, inflation has spread in our economy, and many more issues . Kya yahi achche din dikhla rahe .
#spiritualleader #saintrampalji #satlok_ashram_news
#kabirisgod #god 
#saint #international #prediction #predictions
#prophecy #prophecies
#florence #florenceitaly
#florenceandthemachine
#florencewelch
#florencealabama
#nostradamus #babavanga
#spirituality  #spiritualawakening
What about cauvery management board Mr. Prime Minister Do u aware that our Tamilnadu is also in India Pls Do Justice to TN too
Ya may be
Modiji, I am Mutturaj from Karnataka Bagalkot district ,I am starting new business for an readymade cloth shop but I need 3 or 5 lack money  for my business. 
      Please Modiji help me please
Should have been tweeting like this for last 4yrs. Learn from Trump Sir.

All the best for your failure
sir can you belive me tht i can chanced  d picture  of N E by supporting u fr nxt m p election now i m in a party bt wnt 2 do something    fr nation only 1 support i can chanced  my nation .plz blv n support me plz.

*****Party office within months,
but even after 70 years~not sufficient warehouses to keep precious grains.
All thrust to glue to power.
Ignorants ! 
life is a short journey
~you too are to report back to HIM 
with your report cards !
Don't~don't make fools of yourself !!
Yes. Congress ish samay Nikrisht tam Rajniti kar rahi hai
Wake up Sid... People stopped believing your fake promises... Fakendramodi... You did nothing to South Indians... Though we are the highest and genuine tax payers...
 ghalat fahmi 
The opposition is going to stoop down to any level now as the elections are nearing!
Yes sir u r absolutely right...
Modiji niwdnuk aayog boliye ki jin grampanchyt ka vilinikrn chal rha hai unki niwdnuk na lagaya for Maharashtra.....hamari gav ki file final stage ko hai.....please
Kyonki hamari vilinikaran ki file final stage ko hai...collector saheb ke pass gye the...o bole ki hum kuch nahi kr skte....aap hi kuch kijiye
Jai hind
But of course.... With yeddyurappa and Reddy, we love ok forward to your clean swachh government...

What a pity.... We thought that you really wanted to do the right thing...

Sriman, Rahul and cong. Minded are trying to attract by proving to pure hindu.ONew education policy should competative instead of B.ed otherwise against the poor. Training should be during service and maximum age is not spplicable in case  of educstion.
ನಿಮ್ಮ ಪಕ್ಸದವರಿಗೆ ಸತ್ಯವನ್ನು ಹೇಳಿ ಮತವನ್ನು ಬೇಡಿಕೊಳ್ಳಲಿ ಅದು ಬಿಟ್ಟು ಯಾವಾಗಲೂ ಸುಳ್ಳು ಕೇಳಿ ಕೇಳಿ ನಮ್ಮ ಕೀವಿ ಕೇಳುದಿಲ್ಲ ಮತ್ತೆ ನೀವು ಬರುವಾಗ ನಮ್ಮ 15 ಲಕ್ಶ ತಂದರೆ ಒಳ್ಳೆಯದಿತ್ತು
#modiwith420
That's 100% correct
SIR JI APP TOH PURA BHARAT KO CHUTIYA BANA RAHA JHUT BOL RAHA HAI OR DUSRA KO BOLNA SA PAHLA THODA SARAM KIJYA APKA RAAZ MA INDIA BARBAD HOGAYA GARIB MARGAYA STUDENT KO JOB NAHI OR HAMARA PYARA BHARAT MA APKA BJP RSS ATANKWADI HINDU MUSLIM KA DANGA SAB JAGHA..SHAME ON YOU SIR
Congress winning Karnataka
I sincerely hope they do not win. At the same time BJP wholistic eliminate corruption
Nice
REFER to the  3 frescoes
Mn
Hey Guys look!!! Goonga bol raha jai 
Jai shree ram
sir i have a doubt..you always talk about employment in India but you are the one who is closing some org. which are started by @INCIndia #SRC which give unemployment to large population and effect family more than people are age of 35..so i request you to dont stop the org work
जब तक इस देश पर शांतिदूतों(कांग्रेस) का शासन रहा हिंदु हर भेदभाव,तिरस्कार,उत्पीडन सह कर भी देश को माँ मानकर सहता रहा मगर जबसे देश में हिंदुओं(भाजपा) का शासन आया है देश में अजीब सी अशांति फैला दी गई है।70 साल से फलफूल रही ngo टोली,जोकि अब अंतिम सांस गिन रही है ये उसी का करा धरा है
Bjp win....
Karnataka ppl if u want peace n development in karnataka.Don't vote to bjp.Bcz bjp spreading lies religion poison violence.Bjp have only way of masjid mandir, Muslim Hindu,cow,luv,patriotism,rally suport to rapists,cases withdraw against bjp netas yogi Modi shah..not vote to bjp
Kya tum log Dudh se dhule ho.. We already saw 5years of BJP govt in Karnataka. Ab toh logon ko bewkuf banana chod do. Aam aadmi ke upar zyada tax dal ke Jee raha hai Modi govt. You don't have answer for us. We will see you...NOTE(NOT Eligible)
Sir respected your tweet...
But #whereisjob #cashless #nocash #ashifajustice #unnao ..
Lots of issue why you go #china let's see here .. #इंसाफ_कब_होगा
They also know of your jumlebaazi...& the manner division is being created by BJP....Dont b so sure that they will reject the congress,watch out they dont reject the bundle of lies indulged In, & the Reddy brothers u have given tickets to.
#abharbarmodisarkar
EVM hack kar liye kya
Satyameva Jayate!!! More power to you Modiji...
They might loose Karnataka but you are scared to loose the country.
time has come for a change and  the people recognising the right leader @namo_office @Office_of_BSY @ModiFor_2019
Thanks
LIE MACHINE OF INDIA & A FAILED PM, a party whose IT Cell and netas spread hate & lies  today calling other liar since 2014 people are seeing your lies & diversion tactics,2019 will be known for how Indians got rid from an LIAR whose history is filled with dark chapters like 2002
S
