जय हो बेटियों की विजय हो बधाई
World Leader Modi Ji
हम उस देश के निवासी हैं जहाँ मोबाइल में बैटरीसेवर एप्प डाउनलोड करने वाले भी मोदी जी को चीन यात्रा पर संदेश देते मिल जाएंगे।
ईस कमेंट का पप्पू से कोई लेना देना नहीं
The entire country rejoices due to her win at Commonwealth Games 2018.

एक ऐसा देश
जो कभी सोने की चिड़िया कहलाता था
इन शांति दूतों ने
इस कांग्रेस ने
अंग्रेजों ने
इसको लूट
खोखला कर
अब हम सब ने मिलकर
श्री नरेंद्र मोदी जी के साथ
फिर से सोने की चिड़िया बनाना है
Do you think India will perform better in upcoming Olympics than the previous edition?
 Like for Yes
 Retweet for No
Namo
Congratulations
Pooja Dhandha's Silver in Women's Freestyle 57kg is only a precursor of the bright future this young wrestler has. I was happy to meet her and know first-hand her determination to continue to do well for India.
Mausam Khatri is an expert proponent of the traditional Indian wrestling format as well of the international format. His Silver in the Men's Freestyle 97kg is a testimony to his hard-work. I was delighted to meet him.
jai ho
युवा भारत ही नये भारत की पहेचान । ह्दय पुर्वक अभिनन्दन उनकी कडी मेहनत और सलाम ऐसे गर्वपूर्ण परिणाम को
Pls reduce the petrol and diesel price and give some respite to Indians
Thanks
This is real youth power and youth icon of India congratulations
Thanks
Congratulations ji 3rd Rank Holder proud full INDIAN
सबका साथ लेकर चलो बिकाश होता रहेगा
I am Shivaprakash from Rajanashiriyur (p) beluru(tq) Halebeedu (h)  hassan(d)karanataka(state) modi Sir I'm since  15 years bjp youth president but today new candidate hk Sureshnna neglect for me what about consult bjp office then speak we r waiting u r rraply
Congratulations 
Modi jee thoda Vishal ki behan ka dard dekho, allahtalla aapko jald gyan de
Feel proud dee  @anjum_moudgil
इस बार CWG में हमारे हिंदुस्तान के भईया और बहना हिंदुस्तान का नाम ऊंचा कर दिये।

और इस बार 2019 मे मोदीजी कांग्रेस का नामु निशान मिटा दिंगे।
Heartiest congratulations for raising the name of india 
Rojgaar?
You are my hero proud of you mam 
I am proud of you and pray to God that in the future you continue to illuminate such a name of the country.
Myndblowing

https://youtu.be/LvDcwLVDegs 
Sir aap   Netao ki jagah aam Janta ki chinta kare sab neta AAP k jaise nahi hai unhe to Kewal apni Jeb aur apni suvidha se MATLAB hai Aisa is liye kaha Raha hoo ki his hole ka Mai hoo uske sansad mhdr Pandey g hai unke sansad banke 4 saal Baad bhi hamare gawon ki sadke thik n
Congratulations! Feeling proud!
Fantastic to see USA is looking to cut F1 student visas. Best thing for india. Time to ramp uo.our universities with foreign  collaboration and profit share. No need for india to export massive currency to these foreign countries. Better use at home to upgrade  JAI SRI RAM
Congratulation अंजुम मुदगिल
plz
सबके लीये गर्वकी बात
Good Eg Night Sir. God Bless U All Sir.
Jai ho 
INDIA
INDIA
INDIA
INDIA
INDIA
INDIA
INDIA
INDIA
INDIA
INDIA

JAI HO
Congratulations to Anjum Moudgil for securing the Silver medal in the Women's 50m Rifle 3 Positions event. The entire country rejoices due to her win at Commonwealth Games 2018.
congo
congrats
Congratulations Anjum
Congratulations.
We are proud of you Anjum mam. You are an inspiration to all. Jai Hind. 
Ganga saaf karo, article 370 hatao sir
do you think Modi will win 2019 ?
Bharat ki sham Narendra Modi Ji
Good night sir
Congrats Anjum
Namo
बधाई हो
#yespmmodi
Anjum Ji congratulations
