https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sd8o3WUKP8M …
LOL... Betting against the American Worker is exactly what the democrats did and now Trump is President-Elect
who's wages grew?
Hopefully not yours, since you can't use the correct form of 'whose'.
thank u for your many years of unselfish public service, and thank you for being a visible and productive VP.
You failed to mention those jobs were only part-time! But you're right for once, never bet against the American worker! We spoke! #MAGA
You have to Love VP Joe Biden
Revitalize
You do realize your new jobs (high % are part-time) doesn't keep up with birthrate making your UE stats bogus?
4 who?
Native Americans deserve to make a living. Can I do something to get some factories built on the Reservations?
In some areas unemployment of young people is 20% or more. Many of the jobs are held by illegal aliens. Must have mandatory e-verify.
lol
@the7maxims 
GDP - Flat
94.6 million out of workforce
Increase in poverty
Increase in food stamps
1 in 5 households have no 1 employed
Oh Joe , we all know the economy is in the tank. Thanks for trying, I see sunny days ahead.
you and President Obama have done an awesome job. Thank You.
just wanted to say thank you sir for your service. I normally do n't write politicians will miss you, good luck.
sir,with respect to you we lost over 400,000 jobs so if you do the math, you will see we actually lost jobs.
how about when they vote against you????
@VPLive Please Ck MngrsSainessMurderStrysTucson4NbcKVOA
I am a Republican, and I am voting Hilary
at@hose numbers are comical.
more people are on food stamps than ever 
@pkni where do you live. You are living in an alternate world.  Elite corrupt world.
@SusanMaylone Stop the TPP
what did of jobs created
thanks Mr. Vice President you will be missedMuch Love
emails show the economic numbers do not reflect the real economy. Wasnt it donna brasille who called O's economy false?
Part time jobs, lost over 90,000 full time jobs
great work Mr. Biden.  We need to stop that lunatic.   He is the worst thing for this country right now.  I voted for our Hillary.
Real Facts
Amen, Joe!
you Obama & HRC believe in the hitler effect..if you keep telling the people lies over & over they will soon believe you.
anyone that thinks these numbers are good is ignorant. We know they're not.
lier
bullshit polls all for election day 
make your vote historic, vote Hillary Clinton.
@WhiteHouse   if those are the true statistics then it's a nice sign for America
@SenatorCardinThankyoufortelinghowitshouldbebutdontgetintroubleSirweneedyourstrenvthforfututurebattlesthatimsureyourbeliefunderztands.
Thank you Joe for all that you've done for this country. And thank you for being a role model for all of us. My prayers are with you.
love it!
And yet there are many Americans who still cannot afford Health Ins. I had to cancel not one, but two Dr. Appts this week. #NoCoverage
what about the 55 millions that are still out of work?  I just love how you cook the books.
PROLIFE insulting disable?
why are the honest people getting screwed by the government and the dishonest ones getting handouts
@SenatorCardin more jobs left than created. More den spin
Great Weekend
VOTE TRUMP.HE will clean the dirty POLITICIANS out of Washington..that would be to start..OBAMA Hillary Loretta Reid pelosi Debbie fienstine
Why is crooked obama not letting CROOKED Loretta charge crooked HILLARY?? Interfering with a criminal investigation.....what is he hiding???
What about Delaware?
really what fantasy land Do you live in. Come to new Jersey
we love you in  VP Biden! Have a great weekend.
What a dope
why you did not run, u would have made this country better
People who believe Trump can bring jobs back should know that his "make America great again" caps are made in China.
@WhiteHouse This is the slowest jobs growth in American history.
,Witness of VP Joe Biden´s parental action as a Senator by that time despite being incommunicado, i enjoyed fruits of the nation
VOTE YOUR CONSCIENCE. #DNC rigged the primary to elect corrupt @HillaryClinton. She's under several FBI investigations.
another lie!
this is the news the Democrats need to be promoting in the news cycle.  GOP bashes Dems and lies. The truth will lead to Dem wins Nov 8.
please. Stop the spin. Part time jobs
those numbers do not reflect the actual employment rate, never have.  Wage growth is far behind where it needs to be.
 you!
@realDonaldTrump what about the economy now?!  Jobs up/unemployment down!
Isn't it a shame that even when statistics show improvement, ppl think it's specific to them? The %ages are across a large scale folks!
just go check out your unemployment rate for each City that will tell you what you need to know we need trump .hillary will kill us
always phony numbers people look in your own cities and see what you've lost I seen where Hunt's Ketchup went out in another state
these numbers are all lies you can look in your own cities and see what you've gained we've lost more than we've gained.

thank you sir!
protip: real inflation is higher than 2.8%

American workers are proud , diligent , and focused
tweet and be proud
great job!!
love ya Joe!!
Wear D.C. Wear I'm at we lost more than we gained across the board
not only should One never bet against the American workers, One should always double down that we'll WIN!
@WhiteHouse how many more would have jobs if companies stayed in the U.S.?
yay for Amer job makers, u mean? No growth w/o biz owners and consumers.  Workers shackled b/c no savings.  u "just don't get it, Man"
Love you Mr Vice President!!!!!
pppuuulllleeezzzee. Give up
@phyl1127 That's what Trump calls a "disaster". Thank you PBO!
no thanks to your administration
fantastic data....but....
That damn common core math sure has ya'll messed up , we don't need ya'lls bull shit we know the truth and how to check it, Fools
GOOD NEWS!!!!
keep it up joe!
yeah the new jobs are all 8 dollars per hour restaurant and shops that's not earning.
minimum wage should be at least 15 per hour.  I want government to push for it
love you, Joe Biden !!
Now what about North Dakota Joe? Don't let what happened to Anita happen to North Dakota too. Stand up for the little guy THIS TIME Joe!
We love you too VPOTUS! 
What was the wage increase when you remove what @HillaryClinton made?
#HandittoHillary who doesn't want to be a part of making history by electing the first woman president of the United States of America
It will no doubt be just like other first we've had in the president Department the second time it ever happens will always have more teeth
CRUDELE SAYS YOUR FULL OF CRAP!  DAILY DOODY ROCKS!!
Sir, Why are health insurance premiums and deductibles rising so dramatically.after we were promised they would go down?
.@VP @vinoit I hope American workers will not vote for a guy living in a gold-plated tower? #USElections2016
I love you Joe, but why did the yellow truck crash into that house?
@marcylauren majority of jobs: fast food industry minimum wage..no benefits
good job boys!
Good advice, Americans are hard workers & deserve a president that knows what that means. #DonaldTrump & #MelaniaTrump are out of touch!
meanwhile 94,609,000 not in labor force
#love you, Joe
Go Joe. Love ya from Wilkes-Barre
true lies
@WhiteHouse They took my life for this bullshit. I hate Domino Sugar on a.b.c Is a waste of time. This a different person.
@WhiteHouse Little anna - 9 wants to be friends with them
@Trixieboost44 well done. The last 8 have been great
@WhiteHouse this is the reason the wages has gone up because taxpayers are paying for government increase in salary and suppliers
YEP JOE! all sub standard, we need TRUMP to really turn things around. Tou guys turned out to be amateurs.
And stil the lowest LFPR since the Carter Administration.
fool !
@WhiteHouse Idiot Joe and communist Obama are the perfect example of what's wrong with America today.  We sure got the change didn't we.
Shame on you Biden, you know everything that is going down with KIllary I hope you're not dirty like she is!!
great job Obama/Biden team we are forever grateful for your leadership, the dream must continue in Clinton administration
this is why our country is still the greatest nation on Earth. Thank you Joe!!!!
these a bs numbers. We are at 1977 levels of employment. So many have dropped by the wayside. Keep living in that bubble.
this true his is why I voted Green Party
please: Vice President Biden for President!! Friendly Greetings from GERMANY 
This is a hoax
I guess I should be happy that I work a temp job at the age of 50, with no benefits.  And I am a veteran.  SMDH!
are you counting jobs that went overseas.
I don't know who you are referring to when you say wages up?! #lies
Trump and his GOP wants to turn back the clock to policies that led to us losing 800,00 jobs a month when Bush left office.
Mr VP you fail to understand that since 2008 wages have only increased 3% on average while cost of living increased 11.2%. We are poorer
That's all great Mr. VP but what about us that are on SS we only get a 0.3 raise!!
LOVE JOE! Thank you VPOTUS
#lackluster
Holiday Hirings........................Doh!!

@WhiteHouse 94.6 million Americans not working. There is a fact for ya joe.
!! @VP An how much % are government jobs paid with tax money?
271k jobs last October, more money going towards insurance by all and 96 million not in the workforce.
Sadly, people on the other side DO bet against us. They'd rather see Americans fail than to see your admin making progress.
...and those on Social Security get a whopping 3 tenths of 1 percent COLA increase. Averages to $3.50 increase per month. WOW! Thanks.
Unions will not survive Obama care

VICE PRESIDENT BIDEN THE OBOMA ADMINISTRATION HAS FAILED,ACCOMPLISHMENTS VERY LITTLE.THIS NATION WILL FALL WITH HILLARY.
My wife & I live on S.S. our savings is gone our income is fixed and our premium just quadrupled thanks Obama
@WhiteHouse You and the White House had nothing to do with that.
We lost more full time jobs than we gained part-time jobs. Tell the truth, all your lies are hurting the country
@WhiteHouse 94 million working age Americans out of the labor force and we are celebrating 161,000 new jobs??
Ex-middle class Americans want their industrial jobs back... OVERTURN NAFTA NOW
Overturn NAFTA Now!! MAGA
@WhiteHouse Crazy Joe is at it again! These aren't facts! These are p/t wkers and if they have 2jobs they're counted twice! False facts!
Marvelous!!!!
.

HEY @POTUS AND @HillaryClinton DO NOT SCREW WITH THIS ELECTION..'Trump won’t be permitted to win'
...or as the #GOP would say, "That's bad news for Nov 8th."
#TrumpTheEstablishment
@WhiteHouse more lies by democrats
@WhiteHouse
@WhiteHouse that's great! Now tell the President to fire Comey & investigate the FBI!
