please stop all your partisan babble regarding Trump and start worrying about us the American people
Thank you Senator Cardin
Thank you!
Thank you for standing up for what is just and calling out this blantant #conflictsofinterest
This is absolutely necessary. He enjoys playing our democratic system.
Senator, Is it true that you'll also be presenting a Bill to stop the Orange man's inauguration? I truly hope so!
Has this resolution been introduced?  @politico?  #RESISTANCE
let it go please, President Trump will keep our interests above all
DICTATORS don't care what you want. They kill people who get in their way. He can't even spell Constitution.
Sadly wretched little manbaby doesn't care what you do bc according to him if the president does it,not illegal
Bills can become law. That's how it works.
.@SenatorCardin @JulieNoTrump you're planning to just "ask"? It's time for FORCED COMPLIANCE by any/all legal avenues available.
let it go please, lets move on you lost
I'm grateful you're on this, but why do we have to ASK? Everyone treats him like he's above the law.
Thank you!  Please ride him like a pony. #trumpisunfit
where was this same concern when Sec Clinton violated all your concerns oh Thats right she is a Democrat and a Clinton
Thank you, Senator.
May God bless you and your fight. Finally someone acting. Thank you. Thank you.  You are my new favorite senator.
thank you!
He's also had red tape lifted from a building, by calling the President of Argentina.
@Globetoppers Thank you
Thank you!
@SenatorKirk please support @SenatorCardin resolution about Trump's assets and conflict of interest.
Thank You!  I am trying to help spread the word.
BRAVO!!
@AmyFeds  actually just ask him to keep his assets and give up the presidency plz thx
i second this.
Bless you.
Thank you! Please keep fighting!
.@SenatorCardin Thank you! He needs to divest completely or set up a real blind trust. Not one run by his kids. #wallofus
I stand with you, Senator Cardin! Thank you! #WALLofUs
this should be priority for the whole country
@GrnEyedMandy Don't ask. Demand.
did this happen, it hasn't been in the news
Thank you for leading on this issue. -- a grateful North Carolinian.
Good  luck with that. The man follows no laws or rules
Serious and urgent attention needed in Buea-Cameroon, 200 students today, under inhumane treatment! Pls help!
thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
@SenatorCollins & @SenAngusKing - please support @SenatorCardin's resolution regarding assets. #mepolitics  http://sen.gov/O18X 
Has this happened?  How can we help?
Liquidation of assets & into Blind Trust!
Thank you Senator. This is important regardless of party.
@gullsimpression You, Trump & all hose that cheated him in, will be ousted via votes, wait, your days are coming! Screw you!
And if he resist? What are the next steps?
Let's hope Dems are prepared to fight Trump. This Russian connection should be handled with Congressional hearing
"@SenatorCardin On Monday I will introduce a resolution asking President-elect Trump to comply w/ Constitution regarding his assets"
Thank you.
The fact this is even necessary is f'ing stunning. God we screwed up this election
Finally!! Thank you, Senator!
Demand!@neeratanden
Where were you when Hillary was selling the State Department for pay to play.
@neeratanden @BernieSanders knows as well as his followers got rigged and cheated by HRC
Thank you! Crazy that it's come to this, but thank you for stepping up.
@Spacekatgal real hard charger aren't ya?
please don't accept an answer from @realDonaldTrump that says, "Trust me" because we don't.
excellent!
@Visitkarte 

Follow the Constitution 
Follow the Law 

https://www.c-span.org/video/?418322-5/washington-journal-richard-painter-donald-trumps-possible-conflicts-interest …
Thank you, Senator! Very grateful for your leadership on this deeply troubling issue on behalf of all U.S citizens
Thank you.
thank you!
Asking? You’re in a coequal branch of government, Senator. Act like it. Demand that he comply with the Constitution.
Thank you Senator Cardin!
Let him break the law and be impeached, he doesn't belong in office. He is unhinged, his twitter on Sunday is proof positive!
thank you. Don't back down!
everyone call to support, give the Sen data to show how many of us are calling in concerned & demanding this...
Thank you so much for standing up for our country and for the American people!
Thank you Senator the country needs to be reassured on these matters.
thank you
BREAKING: We can confirm that there is at least one Senator with guts and brains.
Why only ask?
http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/11/26/us/politics/donald-trump-international-business.html?referer=http://m.facebook.com …
Thank you sir!
this is a positive move, but please don't call him "President-elect" before the Electoral College has even voted!
.@SenatorCardin Thank you. Pls hold him accountable on this.
Thank you. Republicans need to get on board with this as well!
thank you! Keep it up! America demands no less.
-- Thank you, Ben.
and how long does that take to have any effect if it is successful?
Thank you.
@artgraz you go senator! He needs to comply with the rules, just like we do.#blindtrust #noprofitpres #ourinterestnotyours
Thank you!
thank you.
Thank you, Senator Cardin. Few people in Congress seem 2 B stepping up 2 handle a situation that is seemingly out of control
thank you, I hope he complies and you get support from others in Congress
@Spacekatgal Please share the bill number so I can insist @JohnCornyn and @tedcruz support it.
Good luck with that
I have a better idea. Force the DOJ to investigate dealings DJT has already had with foreign officials.
Evidence to everyone else is that he's already been peddling influence, and you want to ask him to be discreet?
THANK YOU, Senator. I will be calling your office Monday AM to express my support. Sure that millions agree.
Thank you, Senator. His illegal dealings must not be allowed to destroy the office of the Presidency.
Thank you! No one is above the law, least President Elect DJT!
Tax Returns!!
thank you, Senator
Thank you for this, from one of your constituents.
According to the US Code 
Señor Trump CANNOT mix both. 

Period. End of Discussion  

S501  http://uscode.house.gov/view.xhtml?req=granuleid%3AUSC-prelim-title5-chapter5-subchapter1&edition=prelim … …
@Washhanger 
Thank You Senator...
Thank you and Pence's Emails? How can he be fit...with (gasp) Emails? That he wants to hide.He's 1 chair away from big 1.
@TheButteryOne Thank you senator.
thank you!
The GOP's Stealth War Against Voters http://rol.st/2bEYYGb  via @RollingStone
Call your senator. Tell them to support @SenatorCardin's resolution.
Trump must divest if he wants to be president.
On Monday I will introduce a resolution asking President-elect Trump to comply w/ Constitution regarding his assets. https://sen.gov/O18X 
thank you and good luck
The United States of America thanks you.
Thank you!
is it me? It seems like complying with the constitution should be compulsory, not 'asked' for.
thank you.
Thank you for showing real leadership. I hope your colleagues will follow suit.
Thank you sir.
Don't ask -- DEMAND.
you need to study up on the constitution, because by this statement you sure don't know it
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Monday night, DT will Tweet that Cardin is doodie head bully & that he's stopping US from being great. Wait 4 it.
Good Luck with that. He ran as president so he could benefit his bank accounts! #Recount2016 #AuditTheVote #TRUMPTHELIAR
Thank you, Senator for looking out for the American people.
Thank you, Senator.
"shld convert assets . . .conflict-free holdings. . .  to ensure compliance w/Emoluments Clause of the U.S. Constitution"
there is nothing in the constitution that prohibits a businessman from being president/continuing that business
Not enough. Liquidation of Trump Org is only answer, with those earnings put into true blind trust
Thank you! We need an investigation into trump communication with Russia during campaign, taxes and #conflictsofinterest
I support this resolution #WALLofUs
#trumpconflicts
Thank you for guarding our constitution. #WALLofUs
What if he says no? Once he's in office Congress will grant him authority, notice the loophole? What real recourse is there?
Bravo 
@WendyMolyneux Good, but don't ask, DEMAND it bc it's the only way!
@amoine Let's see how far you get withbthat..The man still hasn't  released his taxes
right ON, @SenatorCardin !  may you feel the power of half the nation behind you!
: Introduce a resolution asking him to present evidence of this new claim of voter fraud!  #TantrumMcBabyhands
Thank you Sir.
@Enrico056 Good news. Thank you.
Thank you, sir.
@Marilunabeli we're is his taxes - President elect
Please make a giant big spectacle of this whole thing too.. Thank you
thank you!
Proud you are my Senator from Maryland.
: thank you, Sir. Please tell other Dems in Congress that we are counting on you, & we will be here fighting, too.
@riotwomennn About time to Stand Up!
Thank you sir!
@ThatBitchFromNJ Dors the MPAA says that's okay for you Cardin?
Thank You! PLEASE do this! The rest are just rolling over & abandoning us!
Bless you, Senator.
@RachelSkywalker #ThankYou #AuditTheVote @DrJillStein @HillaryClinton @CoryBooker #UNITE #OneVoice #Recount2016 #WeThePeople
Please save of us from Peril.  @riotwomennn
Thank you. Complicity in every single clause would be fantastic, but it's a swell start.
Thank you, Senator Cardin. This is of utmost importance.
thank you!  Please keep working for your constituents!!  - sincerely, your fellow American
Thank you. We need your leadership!
Thank you, Senator.
, thank you. The US President must not have conflicts of interest if he or she is to lead effectively.
THANK YOU! We support you!!!
Bravo! Please consider "demanding" rather than "asking." Complying w/constitution should be a low bar.
Thank you for doing what is right. Not what is political. Just what's right. In the end, that's leadership and courage.
Thank you. Even though he will answer with spiteful tweets and lawyers, thank you.
What about asking Obama to stick to the Constitution?
@Michelle4Laughs good luck with it. The GOP House isn't likely to impeach him.
Thank you for standing up for the people and the constitution! Respect.
YES. Please. Take action!
Thank you, Senator. @SenBobCasey , @SenToomey will you join Sen Cardin?
Finally. Thank-you.
Thank you.
@MelissaJPeltier sir you need and we wish you can get an ally from GOP side if the aisle.
thank you
Senate needs to ask what kind of President-elect has to be asked to comply w/ constitution regarding assets to begin with.
And if he tells you to shove it up your ass?  What will you do then?
Thank you, Senator. Please continue to demand accountability and fight against this person's agenda.

Thank you, sir.
This Marylander is proud of his Senator! Keep fighting!
thank you Senator Cardin
thank you. we will at least learn how very much more DT is worth after using the presidency as his own marketing gimmick
Thank you Senator Cardin! I hope @MarkWarner, @timkaine, and others will be there to support, this is critical.
@goodwillfiction We stand with You Sir ...
.@SenatorCardin he owes money to the bank of china and Deutsch bank personally owing money to another country violates the constitution
Can we get his Twitter account closed?  Hes gonna Tweet national security stuff (If he would take any meetings)
FINALLY you go Senator Cardin
thank you
@TVsAndyDaly Wouldn't Trump just veto anything he doesn't like?
Thank you, sir. Pls doggedly pursue this. @realDonaldTrump continues to abuse the system & he is not being held accountable.
@MikeDrucker Thank you!
@gregpak Rebellions are built on hope
Bravo Sen. Cardin!
Thank you for this first step.  Need more people with courage to join you.
Not to be unappreciative, but a resolution has no teeth, right? Need more than that. It's a start. Thank you.
hero!!!
I'm extra proud to be a MD State resident after reading this. Thank you Senator Cardin!!
@TVsAndyDaly cant you just get him to quit? Truth be told, i really dont think he is a well man.
THANK YOU!
THANK YOU. I have been wondering, WHO ENFORCES THE LAWS, WHO WILL PROTECT US against him & his law breaking? #NotMyPresident
#notmypresident. Not our military/police. Many of 'em like him.They r busy puckerin' & deny our rights 2 #DAPL
Can't this be a demand rather than a request.  The media needs to focus attention on this resolution to apply pressure.
YES
thank you appreciate your work on this!
Thank you.
 Best approach to be rid of him! He won't divest.
Thank you for looking after the interests of Americans and our democracy!
Thank you.
halleeluyerrr!!
Thank you, from a proud Marylander!
Thank you, Senator!
finally !!! Thank you kind sir
thank you! You are a patriot!
We have to stop being afraid.
Do you think when Sen. Cardin " ASKS " Trump to comply , he will say pretty please ?
the Constitution does not ask. It mandates! He should be punished
