Godspeed
You've got a very informed and patient staff Sen. Cardin.
Hard for @SenatorStrange to say. His office lets the calls roll to a full voicemail system that won't take a message.
Same with @JeffFlake - for days - on both numbers. No voices for those who can't get through.
When they won't even take your call you know they believe the work for the big money donors, not their constituents.
Yes PACS that support #taxreform 4 #wealthy, #deregulation #teaparty etc. cutting money from #healthcare is essential for them.
How many for it?
Quit being cohersed read it for yourself you can see that anything is better than Obama care for Obama care covers no one anymore
"cohersed"
Thank you I appreciate the. Correction it helped so many and made the quote so much clearer 
count me in.
My mom & 1 called @SenBobCorker & @SenAlexander so there's at least two for each of them asking them to vote against Senate Bill. #SaveACA
I did 3 to Alexander
Just saw this now, RTing.
How many calls in favor? Any?
If they are like my Senator, @BillCassidy, the VM is full so msgs can get through.
Fax them. Or use the Resistbot.
Thanks for the info! Will use it.
Faxzero is also free!
Great tip! Thank you.
Anytime!
.@ThomTillis staff (Tanner) just told me it's illegal ("we would be sent to jail") to give out anonymized info re: number of calls & issue.
Is that true?
Ask @PatToomey 
We call his offices every day ;)
They're extremely quiet, aren't they?
Only a couple thousand because we know you probably oppose it. RT the numbers. they're out there.
I called, faxed, and tweeted at @BillCassidy and @SenJohnKennedy... on to email and tomorrow I'll stop by their Lafayette offices.

Should these numbers be public? Can we get them through FOIA?
U realize they have turned off their voicemails so it only rings #jackasses
I faxed @JohnCornyn but @tedcruz never went through. I did call Cruz office. They are not answering so they don't have to count. Keep trying
2,034 against. I wonder how many called that support it.
Senator- consider this an addition to the dissent. This bill fixes nothing and does great harm. Shame on the @SenateGOP
In Republican offices they say their calls & messages are from telemarketers. Please, this country is on fire over this.
Take a look at their twitter feeds. There is a reason McConnell had wheelchair bound citizens handcuffed & arrested. They must be so proud
Yes and they are facing charges.
Here in PA we can't reach R Senator @SenToomey we get a busy signal at every office.or a full voicemail! No townhalls either! he just hides!
Try @botresist to send a fax!
Per McCain's office the number is in the thousands- they do tally - they don't share results.
Well I want you to vote for it. In Chevy Chase.
I have called @JeffFlake several times on both local and D.C. numbers. Both are full. Frustrating that so many can't he heard. NO #Trumpcare
They are busy pretending we are not calling but I am calling.
You can also fax too! Botresist or faxzero 
@marcorubio ??? I know my family called you, what are your numbers??
Good ole Rubio uses voicemail that's always full. I use @botresist to fax. Did you get through? You sure have persistence Tell me yr secret
If i get a full mailbox from Graham, i automatically call all of his other offices out of spite.
Yeah!!! Thank you! We must call them everywhere, fax, email, letters. I do send postcards too. 
And u received 4,327 calls asking u to not run again! Go with the majority Ben
Consider this another opposition to the Trump bill. Maryland constituent born and raised
Senator Cardin, you are the best.
The calls don't matter to them. it's a waste of time. We just need to vote them out asap.
That's not true. Sen Collins stated she decided on no vote bcuz calls/activism. We are making diff. Also I called Heller, he chged vote.
Mine are @SenThomTillis and @SenatorBurr and believe me, they don't care.
I agree. I'll keep calling every day, but I don't know that they care.
Can we foil?
@JohnCornyn. What are you numbers me supposed rep?
Ex-Senator, take a seat, don't represent me, & don't fix anything. Shut-up and sit down! Do nothing & say less.
Single payer is the ONLY way to go. The GOP bill is #Deathcare .
They don't take our calls, and Rubio sent me a form email telling me not to ask again
Same. It doesn't matter which office of @marcorubio I call, no answer no return call. Absolutely doesn't care what his constituency wants.
As a Maryland Voter & Veteran please continue to do everything in your power to kill the #Trumpcare bill.  Please move to #SinglePayer.
It seems they aren't answering their phones Ben! I know for sure Corey Gardner isn't. Capitol Hill or District offices. INDEFENSIBLE!
They've shut off their phones...so that would be..NO!
They don't answer their phones, Putyput told them not to.
They can't because they don't answer their phones!
They don't have that many fingers and toes between the whole nasty lot of them.
Good to see the Governor speak out against this bill. It would be nice to see more governors do the same.
Not that he was taking some political risk by doing that in Maryland. The political risk to him was not speaking out.
Of course they won't. Pandering is more important than governing. And they have to help their corporate sponsors first. They are happy.
Don't forget u can text 50409 2enroll 2fax 2ur elected officials at any point in time. I faxed my Dem Senators 3x this wk w/various ACA msgs
I would like to hear from @lutherstrange office for their count. I know I have called. He refuses to have public town hall.
I will wager that my two Senators won't make their numbers public (Georgia)
I'm sure @SenateGOP phones are testing whether phones can catch fire from ringing 24-7.  Also why aren't you answering them @SenateGOP ?
It angers me that the GOP and White House don't want to try fixing & supporting the ACA. This current bill doesn't make anything better
They won't or they'll lie. Pat Roberts won't take calls.
Please vote and persuade your colleagues to say NO to health bill. MD kids, disabled, elderly affected. #savehealthcare
So when are the Democrats going to start demanding that life and auto insurance are a human right.
Their numbers are confidential like their "daily" pressers.
I'm not sure GOP senators can count beyond 50.
Moving to LA is a nightmare with Foghorn Leghorn @SenJohnKennedy who stands by Trump against the people of the last state in the US.
Just out of interest, how many calls for it?
It will interesting if this bill pass. Trump will screw the very people who voted him in. Maybe, only then the so-called Trumpeters will see
Has not been out a week?
Sens @JohnCornyn & @tedcruz join Sen Collins & vote No. Bill allows states to deny  maternity care and restricts  repro freedom (77030)
So what are you planning to do about this crappy bill?
Shame on you Sen. Cardin for wanting to keep failing ACA. By the way are you on an exchange or Medicaid or Medicare?
Oppose!!
#TheResistance #SaveMedicaid #SaveHerCare #NoTrumpCare
#CBOSCORE
#23MillionReasons
It's not about logic, or making American health "great," or even greed.  It's about exacting revenge upon Obama and his legacy.
There is only 1 call that they worried about . It came from big money and it said let them all die .
Good. Defeat #Trumpcare, then work for #singlepayer. #MedicareForAll #NHSforUSA.
Thank you Senator!  I was one of those calls.
Simple answer - we don't care. You lied to them and said we could keep Obanacare with no changes. Would you vote yes to that?
I have message Alexander 3 xs
They're waiting for Putin's amendments first 
Id call tou if I could get thru...
Approve.
Well Burr and Tillis have gotten 2034 calls from me alone ( just kidding) but you have given me a good goal 
They have a bunch from me, too
Screw trumpcare before it screws us.

This may not be a call but as a MD resident I plead with you to vote no on #Trumpcare.  It's #unconscionable
GOP will pass this. Even if it had 0.6% support. They are subhuman monsters. I am a nurse. I feel so bad for this country. Oligarchy.
I've tried to call Rob Portman here in Ohio and all I get is voicemail. I leave my name and #, but I don't get a call back.
Southern Strategy Ben. 

As long as the Republicans are hurting dark people and poor white people they're ok.
Don't bother Cardin is a political hack that can not tell the truth
Many more to come
I can't get through to @SenToomey.

@robportman won't he is a bought coward. Worships Lucifers Silver and rejects Christ is excited about killing 22 million Americans
#HealthcareNotWealthcare
you can add another one from me tomorrow :)
So that means tens of thousands of people want it so vote for it
They're opposed to it because the liberal media is brainwashing them and the conservative media is being too skeptical of their own party
That's the spirit! Thank you Senator Cardin. We're waiting for an answer we know we probably won't get @SenateGOP. Kochs' got your tongue?
Who cares. Liberal idiots
If REPUBLICANS think TRUMP &TROLLS 36%WILL save THERE party THERE SADLY mistaken AS YOUR (EXEMPT)along with staff,THIS TRUMP CARE u give US
Save the ACA and no to Trumpcare-show compassion for our most vulnerable citizens!
@SenateGOP aren't answering their phones. They're pretending there IS no opposition to their non-healthcare bill.
Yeah, that's genuinely worrisome, actually... the idea that they'd vote it into law of their own self-serving accords. 
I can't believe the Republican Party! Not only have they betrayed the Country to Russia, now they're not trying to hide making rich richer.
That's part of becoming oligarch!Take from the poor(they die)and give to rich.They are getting paid to do this!So they will be oligarchs!
Shameful 
Count me as against it. I live in Maryland
That's easy it's all over Twitter w/your numbers Call & Oppose
TrumpCare no miracle there
they can't-they lie. putting out faux info that no one is calling them.  GOP=GenocideOnPatrol.  #KillTheBill #HealthcareBill #VoteNo
I sent an email to my Senators today. Phone calls tomorrow.  Thx. Lol
Appologies @SenatorCardin but Chicken shits share only their lies. They are cowards, I do mean @SenateGOP!
@SenatorIsakson has a full voicemail box in D.C., but his local GA voicemail box is receiving messages
No need to they won. Isn't that what King Obama  said
Proud to say that I'm one of them.... No to Trumpcare
I'm one of them and I will keep calling.  Thank you for fighting this.
That's because you and others are scaring the public.  Congratulations
Like my e-mails to so-called President, they likely end up in a "circular file."
#LyingGOP
#VoteTheBastardsOUT
Help us get sense8 back.  Happier is healthier!
My Senator, Pat Roberts, won’t tell us which direction the calls are running, but we all know it’s a LOT towards oppose.
A more telling story is how many people with a phone did NOT call you opposing the #TrumpCare bill!
#RepealObamacare #RepealAndReplace

#CelebratingA4ThOfYourLiesTrump: Next Stop Impeachment & Jail Time. Sincerely yours, one combat veteran. 
Then that should tell you something
prepare for more: “Call your senator: Phone numbers for every office of every U.S. senator,” David Nir, Daily Kos
how are they opposing something that we haven't even read?  Doesn't American health care deserve thoughtful consideration?
How many in favor?
Well that's  a lot of #s.  it when Obama care fails as it is ,you may wish you could help these people then.
.@SenatorCardin @SenateGOP @BillCassidy #LouisianaDeservesBetter Vote NO This tax bill is no fix for essential healthcare (202)224-5824
Ask @RoyBlunt how many calls he's received
Please say NO! This would also result in a loss of jobs.
What the number?
Ok but you're a democrat , you don't Want to help with the process
Mr. Cardin, if you expressed any doubts about opposing, guaranteed your phones would be clogged. Thank you for doing what is right. Oppose.
We need to have the stats from the Republican Senators. No big names are getting behind it so number of supporting phone calls must be low.
What, nobody wants to speak up for the GOP genocide act or whatever they are calling it?
That's a message......
Please support the HC bill. Reduce benefits for those who do not contribute and help save the economy for the rest of us.
Have you received any calls in favor of Trumpcare?
People who are upset are more likely to complain. So keep in mind the silent majority
I tried to get Obamacare..ha said I didn't make enough to qualify..no money, now we're going to see if he is eligible for Trumpcare
So how many of those calls are from the same people calling repeatedly?
And calls in favor?
Pls  show us   proof  of that...
@JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz   yes..
Would you care to share?
Hope @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain release them and listen to AZ voters! #Trumpcare is TERRIBLE! #VoteNoAHCA
I have called @SenBobCorker and @SenAlexander to politely ask them to protect our healthcare and vote no on #wealthcare
If WE THE PEOPLE started a go fund me site for our members in Congress, maybe they would represent us rather than big business?
How many of them are from Maryland citizens?
We're lucky they shared the bill and want want numbers? Good luck on that one.
Washington Post
My sr.  family and I will be in major trouble with no health care if #trumpcare is passed premiums will price seniors and ill out of market.
PASS THE BILL AS IS! Genocide & Crimes Against Humanity is the only way to get rid of Trump & the #RETHUGLICANS
They don't care... they only listen to Jesus... as interpreted by @SpeakerRyan
They worship the golden calf. Named it Jesus to confuse the masses.
Let the bill pass as is! Genocide & Crimes against humanity will be only way to remove Trump & #RETHUGLICANS
Here's another voice in opposition.
.@JohnCornyn @tedcruz
You should make that 2035. I'm a constituent but didn't call because I know you oppose the Wealthcare bill, as do I.
@Kat4Obama @SenateGOP I know several ppl w/obamacare and they are glad they have it.Fix the problemscommon sense
Full repeal only.
Repeal
Only!
#AmericaSpeaksOut Absolutely opposed as House and Senate bills are proposed. TY 4 sticking up for us!
Actually both, for and against. How many impassioned voters asking you to vote for the bill?
@SenatorCardin I'm no fan or "Trumpcare," however, for transparency's sake- could you release pro-Trumpcare numbers. #gohigher
It is not a healthcare bill. It is a tax cut of 1 Trillion dollars to the rich and corp. while a death sentence to 24 million who are sick.
There are so many more calls that are being made, but mailboxes are full and won't take in more..Double or Triple the number.
The only calls they care about are from Koch.
I die without my life savings #CVID #infusions & so does my community who are born with rare diseases including #children. Save us
I've been calling for my little sister. Thanks for being another #CVID voice. Wishing you easy infusions!
You are very welcome..We have to fight for our community to be heard ..These are 2 of my #zebrastrong #zebrasisters @IDFCommunity Conference
Love it! I have CVID myself :) #Zebrastrong

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
More propaganda from our elected officials. This bill did not come from Trump or the WH. Why do you participate in blatant falsifications?
Now that's a number I'd like to see.
The GOP doesn't care about their constituents. They value money over people, #BCRA is proof of that. They're going to pass it.
 how would we get income if we all were supported by government ? Communist, socialist way.   Center Center 
Look at Cuba, Venezuela, Nicaragua, Ecuador I can go on. Socialism, communism ideology is fake, not true.
They say all the calls come from the 2/3 of the people who didn't vote for our incompetent pres. And apparently we don't count.
Add me and my hubs to the Hell no roll
I'm betting 0 because they don't answer calls from voters anymore, just corporate donors.
I'd be calling you, but your not my Senator!
Consider this a phone call. Please oppose #Trumpcare bill!
Only .0000001% of those who actually oppose it.
Yes, @SenToomey, I am interested in your call numbers voicing opposition. #RealPA. #CountryOverParty.
@SenToomey doesn't care about you. Unless you have a giant bank account, he isn't interested.
Yes I voted toomey this round ,but he will not get my vote again.

@senategop #GOPcallnumbers
Keep calling.
phone the United States Capitol switchboard at (202) 224-3121. operator will connect you directly with the Senate office you request.
Good for you
Count me in too!!
