We must approve a supplemental aid package for Hurricane Harvey, Irma & Maria relief - and it must include #PuertoRico and US Virgin Islands
Why don't politicians take mandatory race, gender, etc. sensitivity courses, like cops et al have?
Shouldn't need, but DO!
They do its called public service..n i am sick of those excusing trump for getting a pass cause never did any...he wanted the job do the job
I keep tweeting asking how could anyone vote for someone who never bother to invest anything of himself in america just take take take
I have some ideas, but I wouldn't want to come across offensive, or hurt feelings.  Of course, nothing everybody doesn't already know. hint
Got that hint  n raise you back with a wink n a nod..agree
There's more, but I'll leave it at that for now.
Thank you Senator we must do this for those in need
Sorry bro, Trump is too busy crying about rich minorities to worry about this.
Wait a few more weeks. What's the rush? #DonaldTrump still needs to make time in his busy schedule to do a #PuertoRico flyover. #SHAME
Maybe #DonaldTrump will fly down for golf at his #PuertoRico course. Wait, he defaulted to Wall Street & lost that one. #IdiotInChief #Maria
Amazing how he can bare face lie without a stumble.
So natural.  Wheeler dealer realtor.  "Room looks small? -- look windows!"
He's a real piece of work. 

#DonTheCon #conman #LiarInChief #TrumpLies #TrumpLiesMatter
Is there a reason you can't send it without being asked?
My guess: the Executive can figure out what the response agencies need far faster than Congress can; the legislative process is simply slow.
They need to dock cruise liners for people to live on till land homes are habitable.  They already are equipped, able.
He must also lift the shipping restrictions in the Jones Act, which he has yet to do.
Forget @POTUS. He is MIA. What type of human being could have the power to address this yet do nothing?If only #PuertoRico was on golf cours
Meanwhile...
Could you please talk to your fellow senators about waiving the jones act for this so supplies can get there faster? Potus won't.
Can anything get done these days in Congress?? Please go to work and get it done!!
why does he have to send a special request? JUST DO IT. You are all adults that know right f/wrong. Break rules, save lives
You must do more, faster.
Congress needs to boot that idiot out.
'Bout Friggin Time!
Thank you to my senator for standing up for our fellow Americans.  They need help!
Thank you Senator Cardin
So you have to wait for someone to tell you to do your job?
It's been how many days???? WTF This should've been done days ago instead of bitching about football players
Trump's football issue was a game he played to distract from his legal issues.
Thank you @SenatorCardin

Please support efforts to help Puerto Rico!
He's too busy tweeting about the NFL....
Why is a Preseidential request necessary? Can't Congress start this? Honest question.
Hey, he just figured out today PR's an island in an ocean which you can't drive trucks to. Gotta give him a few more days with this...
Doesn't matter now he's is doing something now
Our dear leader won't
Where is the money coming from? Didn't a senator say, take it from the money going to foreign countries? That's a good idea! Do it!
Thanks you, Senator.  Then give them statehttp://www.miamiherald.com/news/weather/hurricane/article175955031.htmlhood.
What are you going to demand to approve spending this time. Hypocrit, please resign.
He fixated on the NFL right now.
Yes Sir NOW! Before more die!
donny don't care.
Gracias (my) Senator Cardin! So proud to have you here in MARYLAND!
Thanks for your efforts in helping Puerto Rico. Supplemental aid is needed badly! Any chance Congress can waive the Jones Act?
Does he know he has to do this? Serious question.
send HELP!!! #PuertoRico
Thanks for telling him what he needs to do....seriously, he has no idea!  WORST PRESIDENT EVER!
Is there anything Congress can initiate? Please don't wait for Trump if you don't have to. @ChrisVanHollen @RepRaskin
My God, someone help these people.
He doesn't know how to do that!
What on earth is Trump thinking about?? Not the country!
He said he would 1st or 2nd week of October...
He'll get right on it. As soon as he's done feuding with football players.
Is this ass hat not listening?
Boots on ground.
Temporary power being set up, Food, Water, Shelter, Infrastructure surveys in real time!
I'm having trouble finding the part in the Constitution where legislation must originate in the Executive... Legislators, legislate!
and Tom Price and Mnuchin can pay for it.
Why do you have to wait for a request?  Serious question.  Don't understand why Executive needs to ask first.
The travesty of allowing people to suffer when we have the ability to resolve issues is beyond belief.  #USVIRecovery #PR
Defund Sanctuary Cities and Send The $27 Billion to TX and Puerto Rico!!
Sorry, he's gotta fundraiser tonight so he can pay his legal fees. Priorities.
Is there a reason you're asking @POTUS and not @HouseGOP and @HouseDemocrats? Last I read the Constitution, they controlled appropriations.
They're not White people, I hope this helps.
This is #TrumpsKatrina. Shameful. Mark Cuban already got a plane to PR but Trump whines "you can't just drive a truck there."
But its an island in the middle of the Big Ocean.
thank you Senator Cardin.
He doesn't care.  Have you not figured this out
https://www.fema.gov/news-release/2017/09/23/federal-government-moving-resources-support-puerto-rico-and-us-virgin …
Yesterday - Pelosi, Deploy military........
They have been there!
Trump ups relief funding
https://www.publicpower.org/periodical/article/president-authorizes-100-funding-emergency-power-efforts-puerto-rico …
These Liberal games of False accusation need to stop......

People are in need and BS bickering helps NO ONE!
What are you waiting for Trump !!!  Your going to be remembered as THE WORST  PRESIDENT , WHO LET AMERICAN CITIZENS DIE !!!! Bad ratings 
Cruise liners know how to accommodate lots of people.  Get some docked near Puerto Rico.  Smaller boats can supply them: feed, clean & fuel.
Thank You Mr. Cardin, my family and friends in the island are running out of food and medicines.
Take initiative
This has to be the priority right now.
