well it's now your task to see that he resigns.
when you're on the foreign affairs committee wouldn't you talk to foreign ambassadors? Let's look at the Clinton's instead.
Why are you complicit to lying now moreover as a military man.
your right.
who cares? You didnt seem to concerned about russia taking over crimea and destroying syria when obama was president
who cares about treason and espionage and lying under oath ? We care comrade
so does this mean you cared about obama lying about Benghazi Iran nuclear deal and Obamacare saving money?
.why weren't YOU as interested in Lynch answering questions about her secret meeting on the tarmac with Bill Clinton
but Lynch did the right thing. #JeffSessions thinks he is above the law
Answer #WeThePeople question, why didn't Pelosi and Schumer tell the truth when asked the same question?
What will YOU do to ensure sessions resigns & the Senate conducts an investigation of the Trump Admin's ties to Russia?!
Please call for Session's resignation Lying under oath =a crime. Our AG cannot start his tenure illegally and stay in office!
Why did Hillary make up a story about Benghize? Why did the IRS destroy key information about targeting conservatives?
Keep pushing, keep pressure on your colleagues. You're are last line of defense
Why did Claire McCaskill meet w/same Ambassador? He was asked "Did U meet with 'Russians'?"U ppl are pathetic!#Hillaryemails @SenatorCardin
@LoriSums he keeps lying they all keep lying hello???
and the biggest liars are politicians. The party of tolerance and diversity lies the most.
SESSIONS MUST RESIGN!!!!!
Is it possible that he felt it was his responsibility to do so?, did he realize this was a political witch hunt?
Can you ever tell the truth. He did answer the question asked in the hearing. That is what he was supposed to do.
please call for his resignation! Recusal is not enough!
Why did you vote to confirm Rick Perry as Energy Secretary when he's unqualified and has no scientific background?
You did not vote for AG Sessions so shut up.
because he's a #lyingbastard.  LOCK HIM UP #Trumprussia #russiagate #RESISTANCE
Good question.Ask him in a #SpecialProsecutor's investigation of his and Trump's ties and collusion with Russia.
I believe this has been clarified, I hope you agree.
#Sessions needs to #resign, not just recuse himself. His lies as well as his collusion disqualify him from being AG.
why is #JeffSessions above the law? Why hasn't he been charged like any regular citizen? #JeffSessions did it to others?
@realDonaldTrump Because he's as shady as the rest of the tRump administration.
keep asking the big questions! --silver spring constituent
I knew you were going to say something about this!
why do you look like someone with Low T Syndrome ?
#StandwithSessions #WeStandWithSessions
You know this is nonsense. Don't be a partisan hack. You are better than that.
Because you vultures don't have anything else to feed on.  Get over it Senator your side lost.
because he's guilty like all of them and the Gopers covering for them #duh
This #SwampCabinet thinks they're above the law.
uh-- he did. Quit playing with #fakenews
I believe everyone allowed @HillaryClinton establish a precedent for all to easily follow.
Sounds like a witch hunt in the Senate! #Sessions
watch the briefing
his spokesperson did
@AprilDRyan did you even listen to the question in its entirety?  Stop reading headlines!  His response taken out of context!
Do you not have internet access? He answered in context it was asked: Did he have contact about campaign?
thank you! Please keep pushing for answers.
@CaseyHinds Why hasn't he resigned?
Because @GOP wall is trying to protect #Sessions & #TrumpRussia. Knock it down. 202-224-3121
Thank you for asking these questions.  I hope it results in action.
I just heard @AGJeffBSessions is holding a news conference at 4 pm. Get ready 4 con job. @Blktwitta #karenrebels
money stolen from the American public.
at 4 pm eastern, sessions will announce convening of fed grand jury on the slush fund that obama used to finance progs
Because he's a lying PIG #GOPRussia #TrumpRussia
Were you part of the 30 Dems that met w/Russians on the Irans deal?
oh I guess you were not invited to Heritage Foundation Event where all RNC and ambassadors mingled.
Sessions MUST go.
At this point any clarification should come in front of a judge & jury. Not at a crafted passion play #Sessions
WIth all this chaos. Just want to re-iterate why @SenFranken is the coolest dude around.He should run 4 prez!
pretty sure he will @ 4 pm eastern.  I'm guessing you won't accept anything he says. Happy hunting on destroying our country
Perjury is a crime! Prosecute!
So why would the Russian Ambassador be at the RNC? Seems odd.
an event with 50 ambassadors hosted by reputable Heritage Foundation, do not hear that from fakenews
