.@SenatorCardin calls for special prosecutor: "Business can’t be as usual here. We need to understand what Russia was doing" @ABC7News 
Enough of u idiot Dems Russian hoax and special prosecutors. Start running this country like ur paid to do.
Thank you but don't you need approval from Congress or Senate 4 that? We will not get approval from Repubs 4 that.

Must call out Trump's LIES. PLEASE save our country.
Thank you!
Please please please please please!!
Everybody & His sister appointed by Obama, have been caught lying, especially those in the DOJ. Unmasking, that should require a commission
Maybe through some ice water on the coup taking place? Russian party in our Oval Office.
Thank you Senator Cardin!
Do something useful:  Investigate the Obama Administration's spying tactics.  WHY did Ms.Susan  Rice refuse to testify?   HUH?!!
If not, bring the Senate to a halt. Unanimous consent.
We need them to investigate Hillary Clinton and Russia and their collusion to take America uranium and the Clinton foundation

Why do you wait & wait & wait? Trump firing of Comey is an impeachable offense in its own right! Nothing more is required. IMPEACH him NOW!
Oh, is that what Clinton got impeached for?
Thank you! Our democracy is being challenged like never before. Please keep fighting for us.
T.Y. I totally support this. I stand with you.
Proud to be a Maryland constituent, Senator Cardin. #TrumpRussia #SpecialProsecutor
Yes, yes, yes, yes. Thank you. What can we do as concerned citizens? I'm your constituent.
? long will Congress & Senate put up with this Traitor & his Klan? We have had a Russian coup; does anyone care?
@Etrangere66 @SBGC2C @ABC7News Enough of you call for one they have to do it.
Thank you, sir!
you are a hypocrite, no calls for #SpecialProsecutor for #Benghazi #IRSgate or #EmailGate. #StopPoliticalRhetoric!
U must B working 4 Soro?  Is this what Hillary meant when she said "we take the high road"?  Costly obstruction, internatl embarrassment
Start ind. investigation of Obama admin spying on US citizens, &. Comey did nothing 4th Amendment Rights were ignored!
Please don't give up until this effort succeeds: this is America's "1933"!
I second that demand/request. Thank you, Senator Hardin. Thank you.
All those Russians at the White House yesterday, US press not allowed in the but Russia State press welcomed. What a farce we have become.
HOW ABOUT A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR& INDEPENDENT COMMISSION 2 INVESTIGATE BRIBERY OF US OFFICIALS BY ISRAEL (AIPAC) TO SPONSOR ISRAELI TERRORISM?
Ex-Senator, you are not working for my best interest. Searching for evidence which does not exist is a unending journey lasting a lifetime
@SBGC2C @ABC7News We need to understand wht Ukraine was doing.Will u help me elaborate for fellow Marylanders, @DropThe_Mic?
THANK YOU!!!
Thank you, Senator Cardin!
Trump was all smiles today w/Russian friends visiting. We have lost our country and he is a Traitor!!
THANK YOU
Absolutely. Tater was always gonna fire Comey; he just waited till he needed a big distraction, I believe. Guess no one seen him since Fri.
Thank you!
Thank you @SenatorCardin
Thank you for providing strong leadership in these times of threat to our democracy.  Proud to be one of your constituents.
Thank you @SenatorCardin !
Ditto
Thank you, @SenatorCardin!  I'm so glad you represent me!
#Resist @SenatorCardin James Comey was confirmed by the Senate on 09/13/2013. He wasn't even given the opportunity to resign. Disrespect.
#Resistance Not only disrespect to Comey, but perhaps worse, disrespect for the judgement of the United States Senate. Screw up the works.
Thank you @SenatorCardin
so grateful to you for everything that you do.  So proud that you are my Senator.
Senator, I urge you to make this your #1 priority. America must have a sane, moral leader. The USA & our democracy is at stake.
Thank you Senator Cardin!
Please act in the interest of our state and country and do not let trump get away with this!
Please go back 2 the nursing home u live at b-4 they send out the police to  4 u. We don't need to spend more taxpayer  on the likes of u.
Let's have a #SpecialProsecutor Ben for your #Conspiracytheory then let's have one for #HillaryEmail scandal that #Comey let slide
Amen! Thank you! Bless you! I'm willing to bet that I'm not the only American who feels strongly about supporting your actions.
Thank you Senator Cardin!
Thank you, Senator Cardin!
THANK YOU! I called your office requesting this a half hour ago; I know this isn't "in response" to my call but I feel heard/acknowledged.
IS.

We need to understand what Russia IS doing.
Thank you, as the senator of my adopted state - I don't officially reside here yet, but I am thankful the Senators still represent me
Thank you Senator Cardin.  Keep pushing!
I"m going to congress soon to testify. President Obama order investigation why some people used my identity to meet him in the WhiteHouse.
thank you sir! 
You're my senator and thank you for this.
Also, please add Sessions' resignation to the list.
@SBGC2C @ABC7News Just called your office to encourage this. Grind the appointments to a halt until we have one.
Americans are behind you 100% Answers our needed into what could be considered treasonist action & corruption committed by Trump
It's time to bring the Senate to a grinding halt until this is addressed. No hope of Ryan and the House doing anything.
Thank you Senator Cardin for speaking out loudly, we need your voice and your persistence.
We need an independent commission to look at the Democrat Senators and House.
Our country is under attack . You must obstruct all senate business
Obstruct endlessly until this happens
