The rest of the world is grappling with how to deal with an aging population. The US has the answer: deny them healthcare
Cut programs like meals on wheels.Volunteered to help neighbor when I was 20.For most, this was main meal!Had to quit as it depressed me!
Started to get depressed as people I really liked where no longer on the list.They had died. Did this a year & couldn't take the losses.
A lot where bitter,but I understood why!The majority of people became friends in a way and I would visit with them for a few minutes extra!
I visited a seniors home regularly with a service group when I was in junior high. I enjoyed it immensely
My mother visited nursing homes & as a child she took me with her.They all wanted me to visit and I did.It taught me to respect my elders.
Pre-existing conditions will make me uninsurable again,a death sentence. But we won't go quietly!
I predict legions of "kamikaze" activists!
How can any human being with the slightest evidence of a moral conscience support this atrocious, sub humane healthcare bill?
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan When many elderly die from not affording coverage, will you pay for the funerals? You better or change plan
Just retired!!! My husband said few weeks ago he's president, give the guy a chance.  My husband has now joined the resistance.
The state's that will B asking 4 those waiver's R the states #Trump won it by signif margins; so his voters R getting the SHAFT? Espec rural
Hey @AARP where are you?
And they WILL HAVE TO LIVE WITH YOU.  Just about the time you get your nest emptied out, your parents AND your spouse's parents can move in.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan How can you both live with yourselves. You must sleep good at night knowing you have screwed 23 million people
https://twitter.com/sarahkliff/status/867482139566145536 … Tactically unsound, since young Americans are leaving GOP in drove. Now, if they kill old GOP. They're done. #USPoli
CBO estimates that in states requesting AHCA waivers, premiums for low-income elderly enrollees would go up 800 percent. That is not a typo. 
Yeah and the cbo should trusted, right --
They'll get subsidies
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan You both must be so proud. 800% premium increase for someone on a fixed SMALL income. Thanks so much!
I guess people will just have to make wiser choices about their healthcare, won't they? Like maybe cut out their tumors themselves etc.
Exactly. Obama was completely open - it's not perfect, we'll find flaws, but it's something we can BUILD on. GOP just wanted to see it burn.
They can't stand the idea of the public LIKING Democrat legislation. They're still mad Roosevelt introduced Social Security.
The public sure does hate paying $1800 a month for insurance so the majority of the country got fucked
Indeed. We need a program like the Germans developed!
I've never done research on germanys system I have on Canada U.K. &a France which all suck
Your handle and avatar just get more ironic by the tweet... 
I'm German I've just never done any research on healthcare for Germany it prob sucks like the rest of Europe with wait times out the ass
The wealthy are doing just fine already. Why give them tax cuts they don't need? Wouldn't they be happier in a healthy, prosperous society?
There are people like Bill Gates who are helping humanity of the world.Then there are the Trumps that could give a fuck and just want more.
Terrible how Trump is Screwing elderly people the hardest.High premiums,Medicare&Medicaid, Meals on wheels,Gone. Hope his ass ends up poor!
Even worse w/o the waiver. Have a preexisting condition, only thing one will be able to afford is a burial plot. Culling the herd for 
GOP: Die, ppl, die.
It's anyone surprised that Trump's real plan to #MAGA is to get rid of the poor and old, in addition to immigrants?
"The Logan's Run Act of 2017."
CBO estimates that in states requesting AHCA waivers, premiums for low-income elderly enrollees would go up 800 percent. That is not a typo. 
God that movie was awful
How old are u? It was good for its time. Pre Star Wars and all. Saw it with revival of 2001. Yes, 2001 was better.
Was pure cheese. Watch Silent Running
Say that in French.  I want to move to France where the health system works.  Darn, I can't afford to move there.
Someone who is 64 is "elderly"?  Than why do we still expect them 2 work & not make them eligible for full SS until 67?  This spin is absurd
No, a retirement age that high is absurd. Are you high
They want to raise retirement age also gotta love the GOP good luck kids I hope to save SS for you but..
Hey, if you are middle-ish age right now, they really expect you to work until you are at least 72. Fun, huh?
I have employer insurance. I have both physical & mental "pre-existing" conditions, which means I switch jobs or get laid off, I'm screwed.
Actually, they also made it possible for your employer to buy junk insurance for you, if your state takes their waiver.
Yah. Hoping my employer might not do that. Pride themselves on "happy employee owners." They cut bens=they cut morale=they cut sales.
I hope so too. But hopefully, Trumpcare will actually die a final death, and we'll all be a lot safer!
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan For those who voted for you two, please review your plan coverage, especially the 800% increase one. Nice ha
If it’s currently $1,700 and it’s forecast to be $13,600, wouldn’t that be a 700% increase?

(Compare: a 100% increase would be $3,400, no?)
20 s!

Your tweet has been liked by 20 people. https://favstar.fm/t/867489441509777408 …
If it’s currently $1,700 and it’s forecast to be $13,600, wouldn’t that be a 700% increase?

(Compare: a 100% increase would be $3,400, no?)
#AHCA is the latest legislation preventing Access to quality Affordable healthcare and medications for All Americans
Having the rich politicians craft a healthcare bill for the old and poor makes as much sense as men picking out their wives shoes and purses
Why is getting older a sin in this country?
Whoever drafted this insurance program can't be a Christian.
In western Nebraska,  a 60-year-old with $30,000 would have a net premium of $20,240.  That is where a portion of the 23M will come from.
It's almost like people are going to have to pay for their own health coverage!
What a wonderful attitude to have until you get so sick you are unable to work yourself and the plan you have does not cover you.
So many hypotheticals! It's almost like you don't have an argument at all.
Actually only two hypotheticals that millions of people face every year.
🖒 It's called life. Sometimes it sucks
So if you were born with a health condition, and couldn't afford treatment, and were going to suffer intensely or die, you'd feel the same?
Why should I feel entitled to the things you have worked for?
..what is at stake here - hard working people who want to KEEP working. You're demonizing straw men.
"Low income elderly..." That sounds oddly like people who will likely be on medicare or medicaid...making this a meaningless stat.
This is exactly my mom. 63, self-employed, can finally afford insurance under Obamacare. This will force her to go without or drain savings
Exactly. The working "elderly". I lost my mom right before ACA. SS was only income. Medicare only ins. Too much for Medicaid. Hospital cared
I'm so sorry to hear that. So many people have forgotten how much crueler the American healthcare system was before the ACA
In some cases. In others the ACA was crippling. It's not a simple system, it's not just "ACA good, changes bad".
I didn't say it was. But when you are responsible to improve I and you spend 7+ years trying to kill it, and undermine what works, well?
They didn't want fix it. It was "OBAMACARE" after all. They stated their intent on inauguration day 2009. Him bad, him black, fuck him & us.
I'm powerfully disinterested in a Democrat good, Republican bad convo. They're silly.
The cbo was so so wrong on obamacare they really have no credibility at this point
This is what they threw a kegger to celebrate.
The alcohol was for a separate function at the WH that evening that had nothing to do with the Republicans. Quit falling for fake news
so says "KGB agent", lol
Yep - use more pay more. How is this a difficult idea to grasp?
I'll be ok, but thanks for being evil, leftist :)
Why are we still focused on insurance premiums when the root cause is the high cost of medical treatment/care/medicines? Fix the problem.
Yay, Trump care is going to save me $4,000 a year.  Kill the poor!
So Trump voters, this means we are trying to save YOUR LIVES. YOU WILL SUFFER FIRST.
I paid the penalty the last three years I'll take my chances on this!!!
Take your chances, you have no chance. You lose. But ok, good luck!
premiums won't rise because I'm not paying for your lazy ass
a) yes, they will. B) do you understand how insurance works? You don't just pay for ursef
Premium increase is only 20%, but the subsidy is slashed 64%

I understand what you mean, but loss of subsidy isn't really the problem
At the pace premiums increase, subsidies will soon exceed revenue

We must stop pretending insurance is healthcare and get real about this
GOP all undermining CBO, stating their estimates were off with Obamacare.
Does anyone not have a "pre-existing condition"? 
The CBO has been shown to be grossly wrong in it projections.
In the UK their raising the retirement age every couple of years I'm in my forties and looking at working til 72 finish work and die.
what's the problem - making $26k, pay $13k to health ins, still have $13k for food, rent, heating, clothes, and deductibles/copay
How does anyone think this is OK???
Spot on. Rich white supremacist straight nachos rule. The GOP it's called fascism and there are apparently no rules of law for them
There's only one clear cut answer to all this and that's force these politicians to pass Medicare for all.
@calishrink You did this.
Well because you know...the rich, they just ain't taking home what they used to at the end of the day
In other words, they would be responsible for paying for THEIR OWN medical costs.
@GOP 

800%

Thanks #GOP!

Our whole government needs to evolve, especially congress & the judiciary!

Support @RepresentDotUs! 
They should do nothing and let Obamacare die.
#fakenews...there is state n fed funding not included in their report.
Now is the time to express your voices to your Congressional reps in WDC. If they can't speak for We the People, vote 4 a change in 18 & 20.
@IndivisibleTeam @sarahkliff
Thank You for sharing
NATO will pay for it!
It's only half their income.  What else do old people need to spend their money on?
They Don't Care About We The People.
If the CBO is so smart, why don't they come up with their own AHCA?
Eliminate a step.
Yay!      .......oh wait.   
The Fourth Estate is going wild out of guilt.  They never told the truth about Trump just reported "fake" news about Hillary. Chickens!
Way to vote ur self interest Trumpsters!!
Yes b/c currently they are being subsidized by low-income young enrollees. Money doesn't just fall out of the sky; it has to come from some1
This could be correct then again it could be completely incorrect.  Look at the CBO's track record on ACA.  Accurate estimates are not easy.
Ppl before party tell Trump no. Let the #TrumpRussiainvestigation solve getting this idiot before tragedy happens!
Well no person should be allowed to retire at 65 and live of the trey.
Gee, thanks @RepTomMacArthur! Can you help cover us using some of your $50 million???

Hope your tax cut is worth it to you 
This administration's healthcare and education policies do not benefit middle or working class families of America.
Jesus H. Christ. It's like they're trying to kill people.
Jesus christ
Believe in the CBO they are always right what a joke
Wondering if @RepJohnFaso is regretting his broad comment that states won't seek these waivers.  If so, WHY OFFER THEM.
Where are the elderly in the graphic? I see it goes up to 64.
And ? The architect of ACA admitted he wrote it specifically not to b understood so cbo wouldn't realize it was really a tax
But for how long?  #Asking4aFriend
it's absolutely intentional
As long as people making over $250K get tax break...hey! Why not?
That CHART ON INSURANCE PREMIUMS proves that the AHCA is a plan to give BILLIONS TO INSURANCE FIRMS for PROFITS! Old people must die!
The anger is all justified but what are we gonna do about it? Don't just talk about it be about it get the app 5 calls and contact your reps
This bill cannot pass.
@GOP. Does. Not. Care.
Looks like I will return to no medical coverage in my 60s.
Premiums would be MORE THAN HALF THEIR ANNUAL INCOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

GOP: "Good luck trying to live on $800 per month, grandma."
God, please help us.
the republican scourge dream...
@RepDavidValadao  you need to stop lying to your constituents #firevaladao
The AHCA is a good plan 4 Republicans if u ignore the 23 mil people ur essentially putting on Death Row, just like Paul Ryan has been doing.
But it can't be helped.. The Pentagon NEEDS and extra $50 bill or so.. They're barely surviving with the $550 bill they have now..
64 is not ELDERLY - just the last year before medicare. Unless 65 gets pushed out further, too, to cut more costs.
When half of your income has to go to healthcare what's left? We are supposed to revere our seniors. You live your life, pay taxes, and grow
old. All for what? To struggle to make decisions like do I eat or pay my healthcare premiums? This is America! We care for those who need it
So you mean young workers won't be subsidizing older workers premiums any more? Shocking!
If this passes at least the generation that will get hit the most will be the Baby Boomers. About time they feel the effects of bad policy.
That is SO outrageous!!!!! How on earth are the elderly supposed to pay that every month!!!!! Geez!
If MO takes the waiver-they will- kiss EHBs and Pre Existing conditions goodbye...as Rep., step over the dead bodies to pick up their $$
It went up for others.   Just start a go fund  sick of Obamacare ahca  government you can all shove it up your butts
Republicans are disgusting.  It's all about making sure they get all the welfare handouts and screw the average person.

Trump’s tour, geography lessons and who’s Seth Rich - It’s time to get FAKED up! https://www.pscp.tv/w/a_XPrzI3MDU1NDd8MXluSk9qa2xnQXJHUoO8moZrUPVpuJOuyRvoxPrOtONF1-8Cyfs22VZhELxY …
It's not a typo, it's s catastrophe!!
Give me the ppl what they wanted! 800% more cost is "better healthcare for less money", right? Too bad they hated email so much...
No way can this pass the Senate!
So what the alternate?  Nothing?  Are dems going to come to the table now and help fix this?  Obamacare is dead, do they want ZERO?
Am I reading correctly that it's even worse in states that don't request waivers (947%)?
The CBO also said OBAMACARE would bring cost down a@d increase choice. Wrong and wrong.
Wow that is completely crazy
Dispicable.  This budget will not be passed.
Your new handle should be @ChrispyPoliticalAnalystSheeks
Chrispy "foreign policy" Sheeks. Just keep leading.
GOP health plan: we give you up to a $4000 voucher or tax credit PLUS A FREE COPY OF A BOOK BY AYN RAND. GOOD LUCK!
That's completely crazy. How could anyone making 26k/year pay for a 13k premium ?!?
It's all balanced on the backs of the poor for a fairly slight improvement to middle class.
Republican death panels.
The desperate states of America
Millions of citizens with nothing to loose
Fighting for their families
Children,women,vets & the elderly
Under AHCA, I would not have insurance. Couldn't afford it even if I stopped paying ALL my other bills. Guess I'll freeload off ER visits.
That is right, be ready for more grave consequences if it passes into the law!
Aren't premiums only part of the story?  Without cost-sharing subsidies, won't those elderly enrollees have high co-pays and deductibles?
So, Sarah, does this mean that @USCBO expects non-subsidized premiums to go from $5,100 to $15,300 under Obamacare? (over 10 years)
Our system of government is wrong. It is to work for the people. We died for it.
Health care is to be for everyone.  Affordable
#ThankYouTrumpCare
In my Joy Reid voice"Jesus take the Wheel"
Is this what people voted for? Just to make sure Crooked Hilary wouldn't get in office? Kinda looks like a spiraling dumpster fire now...
Folks voting against their own interests shouldn't surprise us
Thank you you for info. Being elderly is not a special or preexisting condition for ANY State.
Watching P Ryan lie re: Obama care to get folk to accept less healthcare drastically reduces faith in the Republican Party. Bad liar.
So if this disgusting bill goes through 65+ will only be able to pay healthcare & nothing else! Thanks GOP. We know u care!
With AHCA in place,over the last few yrs my premuims have tripled,&we have insurance thru an employer
Our premiums almost equal our mortgage
And our deductible is so high,we may as well not have coverage
Something's gotta change
How do we go back  20yrs ago when copays were sane?
Gov pretends there is division in these decisions through political kabuki theater. Switching Red/Blue collars on a rabid dog is useless.
Waouh putain ces chèreil abuse
To be precise,  when something goes from "x" to "8x" it increases by 700%, not 800%.
- the same CBO that had every Obamacare measure wrong by double digits -- ha ha OK then - run along
Via the loss of a $14k tax credit. Can they take advantage of the tax credit now? People at this income typically don't pay income tax.
Even better, use the actual numbers. 

Get Representatives on the record about it.
Time to make a (potentially) stupid point:

Stop w/ the "800%" crap. People go right past it. They understand "8 times as much" far better.
In my younger days, for years, my premiums supported older people. Now that I'm in my 60's, the rules are getting rewritten. That's crap!
If feckless BHO would've used DEM cong he had in 09 & given us single payer instead of taking $20+ million fr health ins we wouldn't be here
I think that they are hoping that the sick and elderly will just die and decrease the surplus population :(. #gopscrooge
These people are sick.
Thank you @RepTomMacArthur Thanks for literally saving this bill with your life ending waiver. What a dick.
CBO is right how many times out of 10 ??
Obamacare saves lives, but Republicans have been undermining and sabotaging Obamacare for years. GOP is EVIL
During the campaign ForestTrump said his plan would give every American access to an affordable health care plan they would love.#LyingTrump
$26,500 is an average salary in much of rural America!!!
Affordable HealthCare Act as 44 wanted was butchered & compromised for passage by the GOP. Now under 45 an 800% premium increase?Call a DR
they have Medicare
Medicare is 65 and up.
ok.  1 year.  you got me
so when you're 64 years old making 26k...you're ok with paying 13k for insurance?
I'm not ok with paying for everyone's healthcare.  Let's go back to 2008.
Sounds like a death panel to me. If you're old and/or need insurance to live, you will be priced out of insurance and die. Nice.
They don't want you to die before you can afford to retire.
Lets not pay Federal income tax. Or tax the private central bank. Then use that money for health care. Problem solved.
I wonder how many older, low income trump voters are reevaluating their election day decision now? #MAGA #MAKERICHRICHER
Paul, if you want to set up a charity for all these causes, that's great! I may donate to a few.... but taxes should not be used for it.
@goodgovguru But CBO was wrong on ACA in all facets.  Also, CBO isn't scoring how states will assist.  #factsmatter
This is a death sentence.
And proposed law does nothing more than existing to improve cost for middle class enrollees. Costs 4 them are same as under AHCA
Disturbing snd immoral
This.
Saw these numbers last nite on @NewsHour. It means elderly on fixed budget will forgo #HealthInsurance. Looks like we're all working longer.
Talk about your death panels....
.Would be a perfect time for the Democratic establishment to cover Medicare for all.
But hey folks, "this too shall pass.."
Cringe
OMG
ummm...thats an "illustrative" look for 2026....because healthcare will stay the same for 10 years? Ugh.
Jesus H Criminy!
This is so f**ked up. Live in Australia and complain about $2,800pa for family of five and $400 excess.
guys, please call it #trumpcare!!
Cut to seen of Republicans celebrating in White House Rose Garden with Trump.
Scene
And Trump and GOP simply don't care! They are catering to their fan base and benefactors rich people, insurance lobby and the Koch Bros.!
CBO looks at things that statically, 7 x off on big government programs such as Medicare & Social Security! They missed the one on Obamacare
Someone making $26K is supposed to pay $13K in healthcare premiums? Genius.  Anyone who passed that bill must pay 1/2 their salary, too.
And what about premiums for those with #preexistingconditions in the resurrected #HighRiskPools? #KeepAndImproveObamacare @SenateGOP
Hummm... hahummm... hey @AARP! I think we need to target more than those 5 senators. #WhileGOPCongressCashInOnMedStocks
I think maybe you should forget calling this bill trumpcare and call it what it really is, isiscare
Welcome to "the death pool"
Watch out gor resident sharks
Sorry. Watch out for resident sharks.
Republicans are culling the old and the sick to breed their perfect society: HEAVILY ARMED, UNEDUCATED, and EASY TO FOOL.
This is unbelievable How can you treat seniors this way#stand up for America
People...800%.
