Baltimore's  actions are indefensible,  just like the police were  withheld during the riots.
They would have extra money if they did use tax money for Illegals!!!!  Think about the Country you're supposed to represent or resign!!!
Yank the funds in the 2018 pork handouts.
What's indefensible is a city not obeying federal laws that protect its citizens. Democrats are truly the party that hates its citizens. Sad
@TheJusticeDept is justified, what is indefensible r cities that fail to follow #RuleOfLaw & think they operate with impunity
Thank you @SenatorCardin et all for standing up to racist AG Sessions. What's the next step?
Thank you, Senator

https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/statement-attorney-general-sessions-city-chicago-s-lawsuit-against-us-department-justice …
I am a Marylander, and I never, ever visit Baltimore because it is the scariest city I've ever been to. Democrats deserve the DOJ's actions.
If you never, ever visit Baltimore, than you have no clue what you're talking about.
That's not true it just shows that he has common sense Baltimore city has become a cesspool and I don't need to visit one to know it stinks
What are you doing to keep America safe what are you doing to keep the American people safe citizens who pay you to do your job
Then you need to handover the criminal illegal aliens
Threats to continue to allow lawlessness is indefensible behaviour. Pick one.
WE don't want sanctuary cities in Maryland. We want SAFE cities, which none of you have given us in years! Baltimore is a deadly cesspool!
So where in Baltimore do you live? Or just passing judgement without really living here, as most people do....
I don't, thank God. I live on the other side, you all can have that hell hole over there!!!
Thanks for the laugh!
Forget the letter. File the lawsuit.

Follow the law and get rid of illegals.
I cannot believe you Justified ignoring some laws while enforcing others. Why should anybody obey the laws of Baltimore City if you don't
Keep emphasizing rule of law over those cults of personality so often found in business.
Keep improving law toward a more perfect union.
As usual Senator your way off the mark. About time AG did something about our criminal illegal alien crisis.
Then do what the law commands you to do
If it's ok to harbor illegal immigrants does that mean I don't have to follow the laws?  Hope they hold every penny
I wonder how much Soros pays all these trolls with 20 followers to bad mouth current admin. 
Why are you on recess?  You have done nothing!  You will pay at the ballot box!  You are a disgrace!
Stop putting illegal immigrants in front of American citizens!  The liberal policies are ruining our country!  You should move!
Good job, Senator.
I thought Melania was going to tackle bullying?
The grant application says if you accept the money you agree to .... It's that simple. Equal enforcement of the law Senator
Thank you @SenatorCardin, @ChrisVanHollen, @RepCummings, @JohnSarbanes, @Call_Me_Dutch
Why give Baltimore money. The democrats in charge will just steal it like all other tax dollars.
Pretty scary stuff that we're being dictated to who we can and can't support... and making it a felony!
Arrest all of you criminals against America.So called senator supporting crime against US.shame on U.GONE
Introducing a bill making free speech illegal just because it is against Israel is even more indefensible.
That's right. Sanctuary cities are indefensible.
Many dont seem to grasp that this is about prioritizing what is best for local police forces. They need to be focusing on violent crimes.
Attacks on States withholding funds is nothing more than a bully tactic. Making America more UNSAFE should be this administration's slogan!
The State of Maryland is not above the law
and Md is not breaking it. Misappropriation of funds is the crime.
So not proud to have him represent my state. Maryland politics is a microcosm of what is wrong with American politics.
Allowing illegal aliens sanctuary is criminal and indefensible
Pretty simple, unless you are a liberal.... refuse to aid and enforce federal laws, lose federal funding !!! Sounds fair to me !!
The quicker Sessions, Trump and criminals are out, the better...
Senator Cardin, lack of money didn't seem like a problem when The mayor and city officials were ok with looting and burning west Baltimore
No City protecting illegals deserves federal funds, enforce the laws or wind up behind bars yourself.
it is up to the Feds to enforce Federal law. Not the state's job. Send more ICE is the legal reply.
Enjoy your ineffective cease fires. Lose all credibility. See if your population really agrees with your greed.
Your want the federal money but don't want to follow federal law. Can't have it both ways.
just said the Feds have to enforce their own laws.
That's not the way it works. Just as counties have to enforce their state laws, states must enforce federal laws.
not true. That's how some state's have legalized marijuana to Session's dismay
That is sick that someone would do that, isn't it?
Illegal behaviour by municipal officials cannot be rewarded. Google: "Consequences." Are you being an "Accessory"? Google that too.
A breading ground for crime
Are we playing Jeopardy?

What is the White House?

Wake up people. This is another example of politicians doing things to further their own career. They don't care about anyone else.
to me, it sounds like he cares about Balitmore.  Oh, wait.  You were talking about Trump, sorry for misunderstanding.
Sorry, you shouldn't get a hand out for following some of the laws while choosing to ignore others.
Must be elected officials get to pick and choose which laws they want to obey.No wonder why we're spending over a trillion a year on welfare
Why should Baltimore get money to enforce some laws when it chooses to ignore others?  Why don't you let the illegals live with you??
because $ wasn't given out based on immigration issue. Send more ICE not state issue
Indefensible for local law enforcement agencies to refuse to cooperate with @ICEgov to protect and serve their CITIZENS!
Every time I think this crew has hit the bottom of the barrel, someone manages to break a hole and go even deeper.  Thank you, Sen. Cardin.
Thank you, Senator.
So much for Republicans & Conservatives at large being for #StatesRights - I guess that's just another empty position in their repertoire.
The state has the right to take care of itself, not be funded by the Fed.
How about you send a letter to cities who choose to become havens to lawlessness --- That would be the right thing to do.
Or your father wasn't as much of a b******* artist As You Are.
You can't understand why someone wouldn't give you money if you weren't cooperating with them now. Ur father Meyer was a lot smarter than u.
They are NOT Sanctuary Cities. They are breaking the law cities including Baltimore.
Woo hoo! Thank you @SenatorCardin 
Apparently you fail to realize that these are not threats. These are Promises of what's going to occur if the law is violated.
Thank you sir
