He has already  saved  America $1 Billion since he took  office. Over 1 million  people  are back to  work. Stocks soaring. Media not report
Yup, he's nuts.
A wall the majority of the country doesn't want and money that could be better spent elsewhere. Yup sounds about right.
It will not be the first time! The wall has been approved already,why not build?Shame for politicians not securing USA.
Payback is a bitch! That's exactly what Harry Reid and Obama did to shove Obamacare down our throats against what we the people wanted!
Yes because smarter people than him have a better idea of where he can put his wall.

Now from Mexico will pay 2 Mexico will pay eventually. Texas wants relief from disaster, not wall. Besides, they'll tunnel under a wall.
Yep. And in the midst of a natural disaster in Texas.
Trump is so good at " deal making".No one makes better deals than him, so he says. He just dealt us a heckuva deal.Sadly, trumpsters cheer.
YOU AND THE BORDER WALL?PRES TRUMP's MAIN CONCERNED RIGHT NOW IS TEXAS CRISIS,THE FLOODS,HOMELESS,REBUILDING CITIES!
Congratulations, Dick. You are correct. They will pay, one way or another. You're a smart one!   #BuildTheFuckingWall
How about you finally  work with him. You can be replaced at ballet box. He has done what he has said. Mexico  will. Get over yourself.
He was lying!  Wall is useless. 45 is a criminal. This isn't hard. 2545 #resist
#JustSayNo
He is getting more done in his first year then you have done in years .. get behind him ..
That is what dishonest people do
@U no how @realDonaldTrump lies & shit flies out the window & lands on @McConnell turkey face!

How about diverting funds for the wall to Texas relief. Where are priorities ?
@POTUS also said he was a great negotiator & he'd make Mexico pay for his wall. DJT needs to go Mexico & not return until the deal is done.
Seems to be the long and short of it. Don't let him get away with it!!
And what are you going to do about it??  Keep talking??  Need some action, not words!!
Impeach and Convict!
I would rather see my tax money go to a wall then watching it go to someone who is here illegally freeloading people
You got it, a President who actually follows through on promises. Since when do Dems care about the cost of anything?
He wants non-stop drama & conflict

You are all props in this farce
Uh yea u Idiots just obstruct and divide why not
Yeah, that's right..... and now he's saying they'll pay later, through "other" means....  you believe him right?
And Houston is underwater and he tweets about a book?
I hope he shuts Down the government you all need a freaking wake up call you are all about yourselves not about us
Should forget about useless wall and put that money into #HurricaneHarvey recovery.
So why don't y'all, show this guy, who's who in " DC"? Change the " Law "! Forever prohibit the " POTUS " from shutting the government down.

#ImpeachTrumpNow
Dems sabotage HC w/plan 2 back door single payer.  When we R SP, they will B c'ing doctors on retainer, like lawyers.  Good Dr's not in Gov.
You cannot take money from taxes in 2006, budget 4 the Secure Fence Act, then squander funds elsewhere.  Wall is overdo & down payment made!
And it's really what the border needs with huge floods killing us.
Good for the President. Proud of him build that wall!!
He has nothing but contempt for you + all your fellow senators. When will you all have the guts to #impeach him? Be a true patriot!
Time for a bipartisan budget veto override. Do your jobs! @SenMajLdr @SenSchumer @SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi
You got it
Exactly
Let me get this straight you don't want to protect the border from drugs, crime, illegal infiltration and terrorism?
That is correct, sir.
Yes. Exactly. So what can we do?
His gonna make sure he rips this country apart before he departs for prison.
Please keep fighting against it!
Ah, but Mexico will reimburse us! The check is in the mail!
#impeachtrump
hey, welcome to the Resistance finally Senator!
That's just about it. Yeah.
Let me get this straight... We ELECTED him to build the wall
No, I didn't
What part of donald business ethnics do you not understand. He has done this all his life. Ask small businesses.
Let me get this straight, wasn't it the Dems that shut down the government in 2013. You must be getting old your memory is failing MAGA
That literally has NOTHING TO DO with the senator's point. Make America Growup Again.
Trump expects taxpayers to build the border wall on consignment.
You need to get it straight for a change,you n your cronies threatened to shut it down,the wall is going up,you n your cronies r going down
You've got that straight Senator. Dealing with a man-child having a temper tantrum.
Yes, that very Govt that is helping TX through this hurricane disaster right now.
Like all of America wanted a wall he is the deal maker let him to get Mexico to pay
Apparently you have not listened to all @POTUS has been saying about the wall.. selective hearing or crap in your ears & need Q-tips #MAGA
He's too f'ing stupid to understand the economic implications of a government shutdown. Ask his buddy @tedcruz, since he engineered one.
GOP position: We are to support him, not believe him.
@GOP NEWSFLASH:U serve the American People+Constitution,not that racist! No worries, ur job performance grades coming soon! #VOTETHEMALLOUT
This is the same wall that had bilateral political support a few administrations ago.  It used to have bi partisan support
Has he borrowed more money to pay for secret service or are they working for free now?
That won't prevent this! https://www.nbcsandiego.com/news/local/30-Undocumented-Immigrants-Detained-Tijuana-San-Diego-Border-Tunnel-441817983.html?amp=y …
Imagine what will happen to Texas disaster while he shuts down gov throwing a tantrum over the wall. #ImpeachTrump
LOL.  Like Congress can pass a budget on time anyway. You guys will end up shutting it down on own, or punting your responsibility with CRA.
As a former federal employee, I would have been fired if my job wasn't completed until months after its due date.
Keep up the fight and resist.
I'm sure he and his family will not being doing any traveling during this time period (including working vacations)
As with Obamacare "pass it to see what's in it"..We must build it to see who pays for It!
Turnabout is fair play
what's more important, money for the wall or money to fund proactive measures to reduce effects of climate change monster storms - Harvey
#prayers4harvey2017affected
We don't need a border walk, we can't afford it, and it won't work!  Don't give in to his bullying.
Yep, you are correct. Most would call that extortion.
He will be quiet about shutting down the government for a bit while he crows about how much the federal gov't is helping Texas recover.
In this twilight zone,  makes perfect sense - NOT!
As long as Trump is President nothing matters anymore. Period.
That's what @realDonaldTrump said in public! He might destroy the US to make himself look "#macho."Exercise if you want to look #manly!
All in the middle of a huge national disaster which is causing death and destruction.
Dude get with it...this story is at least 3-4 days old. Or maybe it just takes that long for your unimportant self to understand info.
The emperor has no clothes!!
Call him naked! Call his bluff! Call him wrong and dangerous and an imbecile!

#AbuseOfPower #TrumpCrimeFamily
Enough!!!
On a day where Houston in underwater and people are dying.
You will never support him no matter what he does.
