It's 1am in the morning.
Do you know where your health care is at?
#SkinnyRepeal
#No Trump Care  AKA Trump  Don't  Care!  & No Skinny  Repeal
So simple and yet, apparently, so politically risky. #SelfServers
If we swing some Repubs to our side.
As your constituent who read the CBO doc, I find the #SkinnyRepeal appalling. Please fight against it!!!
With this act they would officially own ACA and make it Trumpcare
Please disrupt this sham process.  U r all wealthy and won't be personally impacted.  We will.  We need you to give people time to organize.
#NoSkinnyRepeal yes to ethics and values. @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
It's truly that simple. Vote NO, protect American lives! #shame when this gets to 50-50 the @VP should do the right thing and vote NO
He won't vote no. He would never displease his master
Impeach them both!
What's your answer Ben? You have something better? Present it Big Mouth.
Thank you!
Funding for Planned Parenthood is repealed under #SkinnyRepeal. Didn't parliamentarian said 60 for this? Challenge!
So simple, but yet, so stupid. Loyalty to tRump means nothing. he will never me loyal to anyone.
If this abomination passes, congratulate every repub shouting victory tomorrow on bringing death to millions of their fellow Americans
I think it just better to let Obama care play itself out and then you will have to do something. To bad u can't get over loss.
Republicans traitors will pay very expensiveonly play with the people
Not all republicans just 4
Thank you, Senator for keeping up the fight!
I took one US Government class in high school and I understand that. What are Republicans not getting here? Seriously?
The congress was bullied into this. So many lives going to be affected. L
And then come up with something that works for Americans! Imagine that.
How bout we Let The People Decide?
As a former mentor once told me, "Hope is not a strategy."
I will never vote another Senator or Congressman under the party again.  Would vote for D, I, or new but never #republican if you do. #shame
Y
YOU GOT BULLIED INTO THIS BY THE PRESIDENT. TRUMP IS A COWARD
Please vote no GOP !
The best way to get a fair law for all is to make congress and senate use the same insurance they force on everyone else.
This guys (GOP) are borderline evil by association. They have no concern for anyone other than themselves and it's pathetic
We'll eat you guys eventually.
They'd much rather wring their hands, then tow the party line, all while lying that ACA was passed exactly the same way as this.
You lied to us on Obamacare, pls be quiet
Brilliant
ACA was in no way passed in this manner and everybody on the Senate (cont) http://tl.gd/nnvt7b 
democrats trying to kiss up to get bipartisan bill is sickening to me false equivalency
democrats were proposing a public option and many other things Obama care is really a Republican bill
it took over a year to pass Obama care with many hearings and the (cont) http://tl.gd/nnvt6n 
That makes too much sense.
You were too busy attacking our democracy with your vile anti #BDS bill and placating to a foreign nation lobby AIPAC to see this coming.
Vote YES for Mil's Americans and myself to Afford Better HC instead of the Robbing OC that MAJORITY of ppl CAN'T AFFORD!
there are 315+ million americans. 160 million can't afford insurance? Really?
That's not kissing up to Trump enough for @SenateGOP
Vote yes this charade cannot continue
YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT MY FELLOW AMERICANS!
You are all traitors and Anti Americans, the truth is on it's way, all fat cats are on ole roy now. Do nothings, you all let America down
Idiot
Way too logical / reasonable for Republicans to actually vote no unfortunately. How these people get elected over and over again is pathetic

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The GOP is not that smart. But they're very desperate.  #shame
It's a cop out defense on their part. And dumb.
Those words are hollow--if it's not good, don't vote for it. Any step in the wrong directions, supports trouble.
That's so *logical*. WHY ARE THEY PUTTING THE COUNTRY THRU THIS?!?!
They get money from koch bros et al for voting. and w gerrymandering and russia, they think theyll never have to worry about losing ever.
Thanks, I'm aware of the motivations. They're not compelling reasons to make decent people savage their fellow citizens. This is pure evil.
I hope you vote no too!
'SkinnyBill' will have the same outcome as their rejected 'RepealOnly'. NO vote only option if they don't want skinny/Senate version as law.
Makes sense to me.
VOTE NO
No damn @SenateGOP better vote YES on this damn bill unless they want to own it! Americans demand access to FEHBP you have - NOTHING LESS!!!
Thank you for fighting for us. Keep it up!
You got time to tweet?????? Don't you need to be reading????
Vote no
Thank you Ben and Chris. Making your constituents proud!  @SenatorCardin @ChrisVanHollen
@SenDeanHeller heard it here first!  OTE NO!
@SenCapito listen up: VOTE NO!
Senator, Enzi's running down the clock and not yielding to questions is horrible. Dems should be interrupting him
How about vote no so my generation doesnt have to bury our grandparents? Or so karma doesnt take their entire base?
GOP took away people's hope. There are people in the devastated in hospitals tonight.Hope is as important as healthcare & GOP stole both
I'm sorry sir, I will NEVER forgive GOP for what they have done. It was revenge plain & simple
