Another swamp resident playing Washington DC politics as usual! DRAIN THE SWAMP! Return the power to the people! Been in DC too long!
Thank you for standing up, led by character, to say no to Gorsuch.
Oops, Just saw this. Thank you, Senator!
Oppose but don't filibuster. Nuclear option means no way to block critical next nominee. Cut a deal to ensure 60 votes next time.
@ChrisVanHollen Please support @SenSchumer in filibustering his nomination if needed!
Thank you! Filibuster of #Gorsuch nomination essential. #TrumpRussia
Thank you for standing strong against Gorsuch!
Until ALL questions are answered his entire agenda must be put on HOLD
#IndependentCommission
Thank you
Man up, Cardin or you are DONE in Maryland.
Thank you, Senator Cardin. Please support the filibuster. America needs a consensus nominee.
No is not enough. I am a constituent and I think you should filibuster. He is horrible and this seat should be for garland.
I ask you, as a constituent, to please vote against Gorsuch.
This constituent appreciates your no vote on #JudgeGorsuch but we also need your vote for #filibuster. Finish #RussiaInvestigation first.
Thank you! So important to filibuster; his nomination should not proceed until the conclusion of the Russia investigation.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, but we need a filibuster. The Republicans are about to successfully steal this Supreme Court seat; fight for it
Sorry but filibuster just gets us the nuclear option. We must deal to ensure 60 vote hurdle for replacement of RbG, Kennedy, Souter.
No SC nomination while under investigation for treason
No vote is not enough! We need a filibuster!
Glad you are a "No" vote on Gorsuch. Thought I read you were undecided somewhere.  Gorsuch is too pro corporation like all Trumps picks.
Thanks for standing up for the integrity  of  the Supreme court
Thank you Sen. Cardin! I am proud to be a Marylander! Keep fighting for us!
But said nothing when Obama violated the Constitution until the Courts stepped in to reverse Obama's orders. An u say this is not politics?
Thank you, @SenatorCardin for voting NO on Gorsuch!!
Senator Cardin, I urge you to firmly vote NO on Gorsuch. The administration is under investigation, & Gorsuch is a corporate hack.
Please support a filibuster, Senator Cardin!
Please #FilibusterGorsuch. A SCOTUS appointment by a president under investigation for treason is unacceptable.
Join your fellow Democrats in Filibuster against Gorsuch. He will ruin this country for generations. I am from Maryland, counting on you.
He should not be on the bench it's time to stand with the people
I think it's time to filibuster we are depending on you
Excellent!
Thank you, Senator Cardin for voting NO on Gorsuch! He's not the right fit for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court!
You are so, so wrong.  You weren't that way as Speaker.
We must VOTE against you then come reelection time.
Bravo Senator , We the people
Absolutely  you MUST vote NO!!! THANK YOU! #RESIST  #ILLEGITIMATEPRESIDENT
Many thanks, Senator!
As a Marylander, I ask you to please commit to #FilibusterGorsuch for the sake of gun safety and voting rights
@luvauntyruth @POTUS thank you!
Thank you for voting no, Senator Cardin! We support you!
You do know that  a #SCJUS is a lifetime position. So Your #LiberalLogic on indep .checks infers @Gop winning ways!
Vote no on cloture too!
This Balto voter asks that you support filibuster of Gorsuch. Reeks of "appearance of impropriety" due to Putin taint.
Reality Check from a constituent: Gorsuch not my type either but head & shoulders above anyone Trump would offer up instead.
Shame on you!
W/ respect, if you don't #filibusterGorsuch & vote against #cloture pls. take the pic of Women's March off your twitter page
NO IS NOT ENOUGH. Do your job or we will Filibuster YOU!!!
do not betray us. NO IS NOT ENOUGH. Filibuster him! If you not Filibuster, forget about reelection.
Opposing Gorsuch is a good start.  Now pledge to support a filibuster. (supporter at 21212-1802)
Pls commit to voting no on cloture as well, show commitment to those open to actually supporting you going forward
Vote yes. Changing Senate filibuster rules again would be worse for the country than Gorsuch. Cabinet is a hot mess now.
Trump could have nominated GOD for Supreme Court & you would still vote against just because it hurts administration.
BOOOO... You know he is extremely qualified, you're just playing partisan games. #Shame
#FilibusterGorsuch That is what this and majority of constituency wants.
yeah like Ruth Buzzy Ginsberg is not biased.... please Ben
Ben GOP doesn't need your vote you dope! And who r u 2 question anyone?
Your wrong Sir! I cannot see how you get your view of this man. He's a stellar choice. I'm one of your constituents
is it true you are behind the Russian Propaganda?
Kiss my grits Senator Cardin.
That's my congressman! Way to stand up for Maryland voters!
More like revived tenants of our Constitution I'd say...just get out of the way Cardin, so folks can get stuff done!
people who are telling the Senator about "country over party" have short memories. Does Merrick Garland ring a bell?
Thank you
You had plenty with Obama. He refused to enforce laws enacted by Congress which he swore to uphold. And that was OK?
Thank you, @SenatorCardin! Keep fighting!
Ex-Senator, YOU vote antithetically to the Constitution. Gorsuch isn't political, Rep or Dem. Can't be Judge shopped
will you support the filibuster?
Thank you for voting *no* on Gorusch.
Voting no is a start, but we need a FILIBUSTER. This is a stolen seat and belongs to Garland.
Now, will you commit to filibuster and urge colleagues to do the same?
Thank you! Good to know you have our best interests at heart, Senator.
I agree this was President Obama's seat.
senator you are such a political hack you can't see the forest because of the trees. SAD
Thank you Sen. for your principled stance. Must have a moderate Justice who represents the mainstream.  #ProudofMOC
as a MD Voter & Veteran Thank you!!!!!
Thank you
I'm glad that you see through Gorsuch. Thank you for representing MD well.This seat belongs to #JudgeGarland any way.
the GOP IS GONNA DUMP A NUKE ON THIS NOMINATION AND GORSUCH WILL BE NEXT SCOTUS.
this is very sad to hear. I will not longer have any respect for you. ass wipe
thank you for voting against this dangerous nominee for the #StolenSeat
thank you! 
They stole Obama's pick. It was wrong.
I can't believe the people of md voted you in to represent them, I know I didn't.
no kidding, you are only opposed to Gorsush because his findings are by the law and not his personal interpretation
TY. And will you #FilibusterGorsuch and vote against cloture? We're counting on you!

~Your constituent + @IndivisibleCJ
it is not enough to oppose, you must also commit to a no vote on cloture. That seat belongs to a moderate like Garland.
Thank you sir.
How absurd. You had no concerns when Obama violated the Constitution. You have zero credibility.
there shouldn't even be a vote, postpone #trumprussia
thank you, Senator. Glad to hear it.
, I disagree senator , this may be your best chance to get an honest and impartial juror onto the bench.
Seriously, he's neither. He works for the rich and has no regard for the rest. Read about who he really is. If you still agree shame
So, you must be rich? I need someone who will protect all humans and provide a 21st century interpretation of law.
Thank you, Senator Cardin!
This is not enough. Commit to FILIBUSTER.
thank you Senator.    Filibuster!!!
thank you 
You are doing the right thing, stay true to your values. We support you.
in what way has gorsuch not separated his political and legal views? He's a 100% textialist, like a judge should be
A robot? We may as well appoint them.
I'd rather that than someone with similar views for political convenience which will hurt in the long run
Thank you Senator Cardin!
Thank you Senator Cardin!
Thank you Sen Cardin! Filibuster if necessary
#FilibusterGorsuch
CONFIRM THE MAN.....you lost!!!
Thank you. Please #resist.
Good to know you stand
For individuals, not
Corporate concerns. 
Thank you, Senator!
Doing what is good for your Party and not the Country is very sad. When will u begin to do the right thing?
thanks senator, making Maryland proud.
Thank you, Senator.  You represent me well.
thank you!
Thank you Senator. This circus needs to close now.
Thank you, sir.
thank you
Thank you! This is so important. We cannot bend on this.
Thank you Senator.
exactly my thoughts he will not be independent
