That's why earlier this year I intro'd my #healthcare bill S.1511, which includes a public option – something I supported during #ACA debate https://twitter.com/SenatorCardin/status/908074471873007617 …
I think a public option is a better idea. We need a strong safety net.
If you have 8 people in your family and each single pay...I'm paying 110 n 95 RX coverage so 200 for my single payer Medicare. 8x200=1600??
I hate that people never actually answer questions. Unless it's rude or with another question.
SB1511 looks like a gift to insurance shareholders. Stop letting them drive the bus. We make the rules. If they want to operate, comply.
Make MD a leader in healthcare by sponsoring and actively supporting health care for all.
We can't afford to pay for it.
You ALREADY ARE. USA spends double or more per person on healthcare v. almost every other advanced nation. Single payer will save trillions
Where in the Constitution does it say that health care is a Federal issue? You swore to defend and uphold the Constitution.
The Constitution says that this country was established to promote the general welfare. I'd say healthcare qualifies.
If that was the case, why didn't they have Federal Healthcare starting in 1789? They had doctors and hospitals then.
As a Maryland voter I urge you to support Medicare for all.
I cancel your vote
Made during MedHacks event at Johns Hopkins, The market model is based off Kaiser's single payer insurance policy: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sd-F9802l0qPaAsiouy-C10AkntH_s9tWeTxNl8xQEc/edit?usp=sharing …
"Funding must be ironed out" Funny.
Thank you Senator Cardin! Please protect us from Graham bill!!
Yeah, because limited Medicare has been so solvent and effective. It's a fiscal disaster and everyone knows it. Free market.
From a Marylander, please help make it happen
I cancel your vote
Enforce 80% spending requirement.
Accept all applicants.
Investigate price fixing/antitrust
Non-profit insurers get priority of govt $
Open mind but hold out for the details. Medicare ain't free and is underpin with supplemental insurance. Need real fixes not ideals.
Whenever congress is involved graft is rampant. Fire all current members. Start over. Maybe with Eagle Scouts, or those who have been honest
Please support single payer health care for all.
@SenatorCardin thanks for working for universal coverage. Marylanders are relying on you to oppose Graham-Cassidy too.
Are You Aware of these levels?
  https://youtu.be/TCGb0HKQSRs  
Water-As-Fuel Is The Way
13.56MHz KanziusEffect is actually the NMR of Oxygen
@SenatorCardin wanted to thank you for your services and hard work. Agreed #Healthcare is a right, #MedicareForAll is the only way. Help.
Any single-payer plan that does not heavily regulate insurers is in danger of becoming a "cost plus" contract.
Glad to hear it! And surely there are things to learn from countries that have had it for decades...
Theres nothing to iron out. Medical facilities bill the government. Take it out of federal spending. Its not that hard.
Government is always the worst possible solution.  The VA has failed our vets for 30 years!
That's all Bernie and we want, open minds, communication and compromise.
@SenatorCardin Thanks for your measured tones--poss a good idea, deserves careful study. I'm open to it too.
I thank you for your "openness" to it, but in order for us to get same care as all other 1st world countries we need you to co-sponsor it!
And how do you pay for this?Are you proposing a 35-50 percent tax to pay for Medicare For All? Please tell us the full story.
when Bernie was asked, because studies showed 4 trillion or more annual, Bernie dodged
Tax the rich more, tax capital gains as income at a much higher rate
You told us the financially unsustainable ACA was the answer, and we could keep our plans & our Doctors. Fool me once-no confidence in you!
Senator, I remember you from the Md House of Delegates days. You've had such support from the people; pls support us in #MedicareForAll .
No public opinion Medicare for all let employers put into it for the employees cause right now employers are getting away with murder
Details can be worked out later - isn't that what the GOP keeps saying about their plan? Lead and act now by supporting this bill.
It sounds like you're talking about a threesome. Just sign on already. Riding the fence hurts and gets no credit
Y'all need term limits. Ur out of touch
As a Maryland Voter & Veteran I hope your support continued when it can pass once Dems regain control in 2020.
You keep trying to pave the way for a communist government
You are wrong, get away from the single payer health care. Health insurance providers need to bid against each other for customers. Thks vic
Only if you are a communist and don't care how many people the gov't Heath committees kill by refusing medical care. Please resign
You dems screw everything you touch after aca I do not want you guys doing anything at all NOTHING
We can not afford not to. Please do not tell me we are less capable than every other industrialized country in the world. #MedicareForAll
Appreciate your realism on details/funding...
Glad to hear this. I'm a constituent and I'm all for single-payer.
How you gonna pay for that Senator? That's 11,000 per man, woman and child at today's Medicare budget / recipients.
No as a voter in Maryland
Ask Canadians and British how well social medicine works!
The Canadians my husband works with love it. One needed open heart surgery and they did it ASAP and it didn't cost him a dime!
I'm a Marylander and I'd love for you to throw your weight behind #MedicareForAll
Free sounds good however it's never free. Taxes increase 15% and medicare for Seniors 200%.
Sounds good.
#socialism
Just pretend it's an illegal war, they never ask how that is going to be funded.
It IS a war, against disease, disability and life threatening disorders. (clever propaganda idea. I say we go for it )
and who would notice another 4 trillion added to the annual budget
Single payer will be the end to healthcare advancements & quality care. If it is such a great idea why, didn't you all do it instead of ACA
Thank you, Senator!
You say that *you* are open to it. Have you talked to your constituents about whether *they* want you to support it? Support #MedicareForAll
We do!
i hope you read @SenSanders's bill and funding proposals, and join as a cosponsor.
Who will pay for it? How? Raise taxes to European levels?
Then get on board and help them out!
A public option is too little too late - please come out NOW for #MedicareForAll
Sign on and co-sponsor it please! People in Maryland want #SinglePayerNow
Hmmm, how about that! I sent your office a message today asking your position. Thanks @SenatorCardin
Excellent!!! Do it!!!!
#MedicareForAll So much for "The democrats have no ideas"
Please endorse @SenSanders Bill #MedicareForAll
Details and funding must be ironed out - I love it
glad to hear it Senator - *keep on keeping on*
Please protect #Obamacare now, and  reproductive Rights whenever single payer is considered.
The Medicare for all bill ends the Hyde amendment.
I hope so. And I hope it's not something certain folks are willing to negotiate away to get GOP on board. I also hope it fully funds PP etc
But right now we need to make sure the ACA is fully funded which is an easier lift for everyone concerned.
