Senator.  PLEASE, stop trivializing it by using the word "meddling".  We know now beyond a shadow of a doubt that it is an ongoing ATTACK.
i've been clear that Russia attacked us and that attack should have consequences
Thanks, Sir. I believe the media unfortunately trivialized it by using "meddling" to describe what is and should always be called an ATTACK.
Russia,Russia,Russia.  America is tired of hearing about Russia from you democrats why just try to do your job.  But not sure you know how
How did they meddle? Someone hacked Podesta's email. That is not meddling! Face it you lost because you had no viable candidate.
Speak out! Act out! This Admin is not pro Americans. We need to stop reacting to irs distractions. #Focus #resist #leadership #democracy
And a signal that Trump has a reason to be afraid to bring it up.
The naive @POTUS doesn't realize next time Putin may bet on a different horse. If he and @GOP don't care about US, self-interest should
Sadly true.
Betrays a weakness and #FakeLeadership.
And worse! Attack our infrastructure systems! Steal from our banks! What is to stop an emboldened Russia?
2018 is coming...
You are not very smart as you ACA vote pointed out to us.
Did you tell Obama that ?
You only "know" that on plain words. Fact! You're just dumb warmongers which is also fact.
Please stop it. The purpose of this trip is large picture diplomacy. Why do you insist that Russia be our enemy?
Let's see, prior President knew about meddling from at least August.  He had little to say.  No Excuse Trump do something about the Meddling
To be fair, he brought it up. Vlad denied it. Then they all had the most terrific chocolate cake as sanctions on Ukraine were lifted.
He doesn't have the guts to bring it up.
Wake up!! if u can't c trump works 4 Putin u r n denial!!!
Obama, knew what was going on. Thought Hillary was going to win so he didn't do anything. Don't you watch the news
Russia will do it again no matter what anyone says to Putin, because he learned he could after the weakness of the last 8 yrs
Pretty sure he did.Putin had same response as all of American people show me the evidence. Congress,Senate # MSN have made us laughing stock
He's hoping they will. It's his only hope in 2020. When is Congress going to do something?
He won't. We all know he's weak at best. He will slam us intel and buy whatever Putin is serving
They're going to do it anyway.
Tell me why #44 didn't put a stop to it while he was still the President!
we also know that the @DNC didnt act as a neutral party during the primaries Yet congress does nothing abt this electionfraud
Ben, why didn't Podesta hand over the @DNC server to the @FBI ?  Why don't you work on that for a couple months?
#sethrich
@CNN and @DNC meddled in your primary. Done anything about that yet?
It's inviting them to.
You all are putting too much faith in this fascist buffoon! Yes! I'm talking Trumpf! He's a Putin ass!
Send in the clowns. Apparently you're here! Wait until the dust settles then judge. Note I did not say intelligent judgement.
Obama knew about it and did nothing.
:):):).The Zarina of Russia.Vitalicia
Funny you guy were in charge when this happene
And your evidence?
It's a signal to Russia to please do it again
Yup.
U think?
This Russian crap is it putting food on d table of d hungry,unemployed, uninsured. But u are well off.Ur family have all 7 more.Hypocrite
I hope your constituency wll see demsenators as hypocrite  riding on d back of your  supporters to enrich urselves. Russia is a smokescreen
Don't be self-righteous & hypocritical Senator but conclude #US has a track record of election- & regime change-involvement around the World

And that he was part of it
Not "meddling." It was sabatogue. Act accordingly.
If there was collusion, Russia/ Putin knows it, and thus has blackmail control over POTUS until all is known to all USA
It is a clear sign of complicity
We don't know Ben. Still no proof. What we do know for sure is that DNC rigged the primary for HRC. Tragic...
So studying politics much. What is tragic. Is what u got
Well, he can do it again, then.
why would he not want it to happen again? He benefited!!
Also a signal @realDonaldTrump is beholden to Putin #treason #CORRUPTION #Complicit @gop
Maybe they'll congratulate each other for a job well done. And maybe plot to meddle in the next election(s).
He won't @SenatorCardin. He's a #RussianPuppet and he knows where his $$ comes from.
He is relying on it to happen again. He is no patriot and constitutional values are lost on him.
Russia has done that in every election.  We have done it in every election in every country.  We just do a better job..
It is a sign that he definitely colluded with Russia in tampering with the election. Void the election.
Why didn't The previous president handle it when it was happening?
He won't bring it up. This is about an oil deal, or, the most beautiful chocolate cake u ever saw which didn't charm the Chinese.
I think Trump & the GOP want it to happen again.  Mid-term elections are coming up
And it signals Trump's collusion with a dictator to influence our election system. Treasonous!
What good does it do to call me names? Trump has had 7 months to confront Russian dictator but he doesn't chose to. This is treasonous.
Russia  managed to get into the DNC computers does that mean  DNC did not take action against it happening again. USA fixed it U know it.
Narrator's voice: He won't.
Good luck with that request ...
If he doesn't confront Putin about tbis, your job, along with your colleagues, is to make Ryan start Impeachment process.
Putin and I both get the same thing when we go to McDonalds. That makes us brothers in my eyes. He even let me beat him at Mortal Combat...
It would confirm, to me, his complicity in the meddling.
You know he's not going to mention it, now what happens? Seriously, we all wanna know what you and you colleagues are going to to about it.
It's a signal of weakness which Putin will exploit ! Russia is a regional power!
@realDonaldTrump is a TRAITOR to America. The world knows it, so does his cult45.
I'm wondering how we'll know whether he brings it up. If he says he did, are we supposed to take his word for it?
He won't!Have u seen his tweets?
