I live in Baltimore (city) and agree. Please insist on an independent commission investigation on Russian "invasion."
shut up, sit down, and do your job so the government can run. You look like a fool with this!
is it too much to ask that Congress pay attention to the people's business and stop the instigation of a civil war?
An independent special prosecutor is only way WE can find the truth about Hillary Clinton's corruption & DNC hack. Afraid???

independent??? Hahahaha, thats funny. Tell us who.can do that
Please resign. Your more interested in fighting the Republican Party than working for the American people.
@tjoy7 @SenatorCardin exactly
maybe hire the Obamas to do it they have free time, they'd be impartial
so you r going to go after & prosecute the person(s) responsible for the leak of classified info?
@tjoy7 @SenatorCardin please.  Sen Cardin helps #amalclooney "win" cases. Her primary clients are #muslimbrotherhood backed
Is S. 27 still in committee? What will it take to move it forward?
Does that include investigating DNC for their cheating and lying and their meddling in the election or just fake Russia
Go after the DNC for fixing the election first, I know it your own party but seriously why is Deb Schultz still in Congress
You are a very serious threat to our country. You don't fool us. You want Trump gone and the Criminal HRC in!
You look like you've been there 100 years. Did you investigate Kennedy when he consulted Russians about defeating Reagan?Not!
the rest of the world is well aware of U activity round the world Ur phony ranting about Russia is making us look like fools
Pence hands are dirty too. We want investigation & subpoena ALL. Collusion with Russia is Treason. They all belong in jail
Dems look like idiots with no relevance or credibility. Why don't u fools care about Hillary selling uranium 2 RUSSIA??
because if you tried to fact check that fake story made up by Russians you would know you were lied to. Infowars is not credible
also her cheating husband talked about it too. You're just like a liberal...you don't know what the hell u are tlking about
It might open the door to Hillary and Obama  be careful what you wish for.
Go ater them first ....Hillary first we know she commited crimes
Thank you for DOING YOUR JOB! You make Marylanders proud!
What by being a shit stirrer God look what they are doing to your country all the hate they have riled up
They have protection at night we dont we have to live by bad people we work & eat with them .They dont
Who is "they"?
Just sent correspondence today to Ryan, McConnell and PA's @SenToomey and Marino. Any more key players who need our Voice?
where was the real independent commission on Benghazi-people died.  trying to undermine govt.  what about traitors who leaked
The 9/11 Commission is a FARCE and is not factual.
that's crazy man!
Will you call for the same for Bibi and Israel?
did we get the complete picture on Benghazi? Where was the President and Secretary? 4 Dead Americans! Stop it!
do you support investigation of illegal immigrants voting too? Any manipulation of our democratic system is wrong is it not?
Now? U didn't do JACK for 8 yrs under Obama. Didn't care that HRC took money from them. Now with this POTUS it's a crisis? BS
If it is about our national security why did you not investigate Hillary's private server? Politics.
How about the same for Hillary Clinton  unsecured server. I DEMAND YOU DO YOUR JOB THEN HILLARY FIRST
That is what u don't want 2 accept. Instead u want 2 jam your unipolar globalist agenda down r throats! U r battling the ppl!
you weren't this interested into Benghazi or the Clinton's actually you fought it.  More worried about the leaks dirty dems
Stop stonewalling @POTUS
you also need to see who is LEAKING classified info, that is disgraceful coming from our National Security, FIND OUT now.
The real issue is the fact that a lot of ppl in the West agree w/Putin regarding multipolar world vs USA unipolar world!!
you mean like Killary/Russia uranium deal? How much did she pocket? Dems/corrupt media 

Cardin cares NOT Intel Officials leak classified SIGINT to media in violation of 28USC798 a felony. Info reviewed by FBI. Sad
Thank you for pushing for open independent commission. #subpoenaPence #russiagate
We the people DEMAND an investigation. Keep fighting for America. She deserves better than this!
Thank you!
The plot thickens, time to start thinking about impeachment proceedings...
there is NO other option at this point
what the hell!
Hillary had a unsecured server too..WHAT THE HELL
unlike Trump she was not in bed with putin
@rosie hearing him on cspan soothes the soul. "This is a matter of national security" #resist
witch hunt. You guys were against independent investigation on Obama's fast and furious scam, IRS targeting of conservatives
Please push for a FULL investigation to include #45!
Also Hillarys unsecured server HER FIRST
yes please push for all ur worth. the nation will thank u
where is the independent commission into Clinton foundation??????
make it happen please
exactly
Rosneft, Tillerson, Glencore, QHC, VTB, Intesa, Sechin, Erovinkin, Kouprianova, Spencer, Bannon.  Business+ideology married.
exactly!
Helgo after Your precious Hillary also Ladies first
@DavidResistor absolutely!
As one of your constituents, please push push push on this, as the GOP would had this been a Dem Prez. Outrageous.
its not illegal for a private citizen to talk to a Russian. Its not against the law to lie to the VP. UR kookoo
go buy yourself a book to read it might help you from getting stupider
The 1980's called, they want their foriegn policy back.
