Unfortunately using the govt to stabilize markets ends up doing the opposite
We have to get the govt out of the insurance market
When the government wasn't in the insurance market (pre-ACA) a while lot more people were uninsured. Do some research for cripes' sake.
They were uninsured because the chose to be. Health care could be purchased prior to the ACA.
not if you had pre existing conditions. which eventually, everyone will
Group coverage always covered pre-existing conditions
I didn't have coverage till I was 30
But if you couldn't get group coverage through your job you were SOL.

A lot of people were SOL.
And to save those group if people, you screwed the rest of the country
200 M to save 10 M
That is...not what's happening at all. Everyone who had group insurance through their job still has it.
Your bill fails to address the causes of high prices:
Individual & co. mandates
New taxes
Coverage u don't need
Expanded entitlements
Translation: "I want all the parts of the law I like but not the ones I don't like, i.e., to have my cake and eat it too."
Actually I like nothing in the law
Able-Bodied Medicaid Recipients should work in order to receive benefits. Cut the Medicaid & Food-stamp FRAUD. Addicts sell the card for $
Medicaid Fraud takes funds away from the elderly and the disabled. This needs to be stopped!!
Why is it with you people that any discussion about government benefits becomes shrieking about fraud?
It's almost like a BS moral hazard excuse to cut back on programs to people who need...

Oh. Never mind. Answered my own question.
Thank you Senator.  I am still disappointed in your vote to allow hunting of wolves and decrease their endangered status.
What? He voted for that after all? 
Kill big Pharma and reduce insurance companies enormous profits, and we'll be in business
At least make insurance companies nonprofits again like they were before Nixon.
Let me guess, massive tax increases to further fund what is already the most expensive health system in the world?
Nope. Where did you see that?
Explain how to fund increasing cost sharing payments and medicaide expansion without increasing defecit?
What's wrong with increasing deficit in a sub-par economy? You guys have no problem using tactic for defense spending, spying & jailing.
This system is already twice as expensive as everyone elses, how retarded to you have to be to suggest making it even more so.
I've lived under Norway's system, which is much cheaper with better outcomes. So not impressed with Cardin solution. However, GOP plans ...
until profit is governed our of healthcare, there will always be an interest in a less than healthy public. #SinglePayerNow
Music to my ears. Proud of my senator. Just hope it's not an exercise in futility; needing enough votes to override a veto if it passes
Meanwhile, Tom Price and president telegraphin they might start sabotaging ACA. Can legislation be put in place to prevent?
Where was your concern when ACA was screwing us?
Glad that Maryland is helping lead in the fight against Trump. Thank you Senator.
This is excellent! Does it provide access to subsidies for families who are subject to the "family glitch"?
Is there any level of insurance company profits you would find unacceptable? Insurers are making large profits managing Medicare & Medicaid.
Definitely! I know indy mkt insurers are constrained by medical loss ratio. Is there anything similar w Medicare/caid?
Under ACA pvt insurers must pay out 80%, which is a historic joke. Plus there are special carve outs. Medicare pays out 95+%.
Medicare Advantage is given more money per insured because it can't compete with traditional Medicare.
I wonder if Mcare advantage plans can operate on a slimmer margin b/c they generally have private or employer coverage lines as well?
Of course the gov't could make permission to sell Advantage & manage Medicaid conditional on operating in ACA exchanges. But it doesn't.
Therefore insurers insist on profitability in all sectors, even though Advantage & Medicaid mgt profits are virtually guaranteed.
If it doesn't include a PUBLIC OPTION, don't think you'll get any support from  Progressives. ACA was designed by GOP&1st passed by Romney
Where is the universal healthcare bill?
You should do something about that bill to criminalize the protesting of Israel you introduced . When did you decide to sellout your country
oh yes, medicare for all.
thank you
If this were true you would have got off your ass a lot sooner. The ACA is a failure, your constituents told you that before you voted for

Thank you for fighting for Maryland Voters.
Dear Senator: there is a lot of sincere discussion in this convo. Some potentially promising ideas here. Please lead on and  improve #ACA!
That is about time!
Does this bill allow the government to negotiate lower drug prices? If not, maybe think of including that.
Thank you so very much!
Why not Medicare buy in for the public option?
You go Sen. Cardin!
Tell us how you will achieve this. Just saying you introduced a bill doesn't cut. Too often actual doesn't work. TELL US HOW.
Curious. Why didn't you offer this legislation when BHO was prez?
Corral the Rx and DME costs for all. Eliminate the hold of those lobbiest and special interest groups.  Contain the costs!
Thank you Senator!  Please continue to push and listen to ideas and, hopefully, cooperation from Republicans as well.
Did you see this idea @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump? Just wanted to make sure you're paying attention
Keep working on the problems until we get an optimal solution in place.
Thank you so much. I believe you are probably the guy to do it. I will pray BOTH parties can work together.
Please people HC is not about R's D's or I's it's about a healthier America for all.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for your constructive approach, which will be far more effective for us rather than @realdonaldtrump's threats against Congress.
Call me when you get serious. I will help you.
Bill # 5: All members of Congress have to have one of the same policies we do! No exceptions this time!
Stop doing huge Bills you cannot get enough support! But you can get plenty of support for small individual fixes that everyone agrees on.
Thank you @SenatorCardin for looking for solutions that will keep health care affordable. @HIVMA @HealthyMaryland @leni6306 @HarvardCHLPI
Bill # 4: Legalize and give incentive's to Doctors to run clinics in the model of Dr. Umbehr in Kansas. Great health care model.
Bill # 3: Negotiate nationwide prices for medications, making priority for life sustaining and life saving drugs. Put that in a fee schedule
Bill #2: re write the medical billing code book to reflect reasonable fee schedules make that mandatory nation wide.
Bill #1: A catastrophic only plan that will kick in when a major disease or event is diagnosed. The patient pays all primary care themselves
Thanks for your leadership. Can U get on cable to talk about it. Talking heads keep saying, now it's time for Ds to step forward with ideas
How about you put forth a simple one page bill at a time, addressing the major problems with the ACA!
Throwing more money at the problem - not the answer? More subsidies - not the answer! More mandates - not the answer! Has CBO scored this?
Did you consult w/Rs first? 

Enough of YOUR agenda; how about OUR agenda?

#LessForMore  #FakeNews
One major inequities between  individual & Grp. insurance is income and assets of insured get same employer subsidy no matter their income.
OK. Where do u want me to start?
Thank you for your continued leadership! You and @ChrisVanHollen represent Maryland well. I'm proud to call you my senators.
Keep trying! Someday maybe the @SEnateGOP will return to their senses. And get rid of @SenateMajLdr.
Anyone who votes for continued or expanded taxpayer subsidies for insurance companies will be held accountable at next election. #BankOnIt
Thanks
Y'all get something started, while we clean House in 2018, so you have someone sane to work with.
@SenatorCardin are you currently using O’care? What is your insurance premium?
Single Payer Now.  300 mo and 11k deductible as a Maryland resident isn't coverage.  I took the fine.
I'm 45 and diabetic
And it's what Congress will buy for themselves, too, correct??
Why work with RINOs & Dems when they support socialism? 
Replace them, then repeal ACA.
About times some one gets serious and tries to fix aca and not just mess with it like this moron POTUS is doing.
Keeping a good thought in mind.
cc: @charles_gaba
Good work
As long as the republicans control the house any bill introduced will become a tax break for the rich at the expense of health care
Frank, you once were my crew chief,  but now you're my Political #Resistance Wingman !
Always looking up to you
Well, your height is beside the point,  but....
@CNN @MSNBC @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP So Republicans can't hide the proposed Bills to fix ACA submitted by Dems any more. What will they do
Dear @SenatorCardin I would also deeply appreciate if you also post a comment in the comment section of our petition page. #JusticeforAnwar
@SenatorCardin the U.S. has shut all its doors on Refugees & hates us all so much. Will u still allow me to ask u Sign/Share our petition?
I'm being you Ben!
