thank you
I'm so proud of my Senator! He's insisting on protection of ALL Americans' liberties and freedoms. Thank you!  #JeffSessions
How will Jeff Sessions not protect all citizens?
He has a long history of opposing and actively working to curb civil liberties. No reason to believe he would change now.
(1/2) Sessions on the wrong side for:   Violence Against Women Act; Same Sex Marriage Ban; Free Speech abridgment; hate crimes
(2/2)...designations. Racist comments. Deemed unfit for Federal Judgeship. Claiming untrue credit for past work. #JeffSessions
Please explain how u came to this decision? This sounds more like Dems being the obstructionist party.
The Constitution says "advise and consent" it does NOT give an option to reject. So, get over it. You guys lost!
#stopsessions  Thank you. Proud to have you as my Senator!
thank you senator
Shut up!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator, proud to have you represent me!
so far you have approved all but 1 nominee. Not convinced of your stand.
Thank you, Senator. You've been superb at representing we "humans." CHEERS!
Thank you Senator Cardin for all your hard work and thoughtfulness.
Thank you, Senator Cardin, for doing what's right for America. Signed, a constituent. Olney, MD
thank you again
Thank you for opposing!
thank you!!!
thank you! Please encourage @ChrisVanHollen & all @SenateDems to also vote no moving forward #sessions #devos #price #Pruitt
Thank you
as a MD voter Thank You!!!!!
Thank you, Senator Cardin.
sheep just follow the herd #failedsenators @SenateDems
Sorry. You, Sir, would oppose anyone other than a liberal democrat for any position. You do not represent all of the people.
...yea but you voted to confirm an AG from your party who would meet privately with Bill Clinton on a Tarmac?
that's because you are crooked and an evil democratic we are going to get rid of all you that work against are President
Thanks. #Sessions is not qualified to be a post-1964 Attorney General. He will try to shut down black, Hispanic vote.
time to come out of the rat infested http://corner.Vote  yes.
Under the circumstances, I think you should resign.
I am so proud that you are my Senator.  Represent!
Thank you @SenatorCardin
It's up to you & your colleagues to convince moderate Republicans to join the resistance!
Thank you!  THIS is the direction we need to go!!  Dont stop fighting!
Thank you.

Thank you
Thank you Senator Cardin! Ms. Yates was unjustly fired for protecting the laws of this country! Keep Strong! No to Sessions!
thank you
I'm proud of you!  This voter and 65 mil more, have your back. Keep fighting, Senator.
No, the AG's job is to enforce the law
Well said, sir!  I support your NO vote on Sessions.
Thank you, Senator! From an Annapolis constituent
you are wrong and should be ashamed of yourself
thank you for standing up for what's right! I'm proud to have you represent me.
Thank you! People of integrity ONLY need apply.
Thank you! Please convince your colleagues!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for standing up. Thank you for speaking out.
Thanks. More of this please.
The Attorney General's job is to protect the civil rights & liberties of all. I'm unconvinced Senator #JeffSessions would, so I must oppose. 
Agreed, and thank you, @SenatorCardin #Resist
thanks for standing up for our democracy
Thank you for this. Keep resisting! We are counting on all of you to fight for us.
thank you, hope other Democrats follow your lead #stopsessions
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you and keep at it.  I voted for you to uphold the Constitution, & my continued vote depends on your following through.
so happy to hear this after speaking with a staffer in your Bowie office yesterday. Thank you Senator!!!
Thank you!
Thank you @SenatorCardin. MD voters are counting on you & other Dems to lead strong opposition to corrosive Trump agenda. Keep it up!
Thank you!
thank you, Senator!
Thank you for representing this constituent.
Thank you for representing us Marylanders!
I hope you vote no on the rest of the cabinet nominees and SCOTUS pick as well. Stay on the right side of history please.

is this available as text somewhere? And thank you for this!
Thank you!
well, just who would you like for Trump to pick that would suit all you Demorats???
Thank You
Thank you @SenatorCardin
So true
Thank you very much for opposing Sessions for AG, Senator.
thank you Senator!
Thank You!!

Thank you!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you!
Yes!!  Good, for you, good for us!
thank you senator from your constituent. Don't stop fighting for what's good for our country!
Thank you!
thank you!  But must focus on Russia!
Oh, please! You know that's BS! Partisan politics at its worst.
Thank you, Senator.
I am extremely disappointed in your objectivity.  ~  L
thank you! I realized I forgot to mention Sessions in along the other stuff in my visit to your office yesterday
Thank you Senator Cardin for opposing Sen Sessions as AG!!!!
Thank you
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you sir. Please encourage your fellow Senators to do so as well. Specifically @ChrisVanHollen.
Thank you, Senator! Your constituents appreciate your leadership.
Thank you for standing up for what's right.
Thank you for your opposition to Sessions, Senator!
Thank you!
Thank you!!!!
Thank you Senator!
thank you
thank you Senator Cardin.  Keep up the fight!
Thank you, Senator.
