Trump doesn" t care about anyone or any thing but himself.   KARMA will eventually get him.  It will be such a pleasure to watch
as your constituent, I'm counting on you Senator, to make sure DREAMers are protected.
So what pick them up take them out of the country and have them fill out the application. Wait like everyone else has done.
I am sorry
There is no right to US citizenship or immigration
#GetInLine
Sweetly named "Dreamers" actually illegal aliens breaking the law. #facts
They have had years and probably plenty of Govt handouts to care about becoming legal. Guess they didn't think it was meaningful!
Please fight hard on this, Senator, and #DefendDACA. The DREAMERS make our communities great and our economy strong. Trump=hate & ignorance.
The lack of concern and empathy for kids who grew up here is stunning. Sadly, that lack of compassion pervades to other issues with people.
Now that the official announcement has been made will you introduce a bill, support a bill, take action to protect #DACA?
legit reason? are you serious?
We all agree the Senate finally has to pass immigration law.
Funny, if I bring my kid to Mexico and leave him there, no free education, nothing and I'm deported.  Same should be for us.
Not really.  If there is a reason why they would be hurt of if they are hurt, you can blame the parents for bringing them here illegally.
IF perps responsible for dragging kids across border self-deport DACA should get citizenship. If perps re-enter or won't go...no citizenship
#Palestinians have lived in #Palestine 4 centuries yet u support #Fascist #Racist #Apartheid #Israel which is bad 4 #USA u r a hypocrite
Must put up a wall so this does not continue to happen. We are already 30 trillion in the hole. Worry about American tax payers.
Citizens can stay those. In the immigration process can stay . Illegal aliens must go. We must uphold and enforce our laws.
Try standing up for citizens and legal immigrants.  No daca no amnesty.
Do your job in Congress. Pass the DREAM ACT and name it after Alonzo Guillen.
He doesnt care about those kids.he is obsessed with tearing down anything obama created. Even at the expence of the American people.
His healthcare bill is a great example.All the regs.on the environment. But he cant erase our memories.We know,Obama had our backs.
Worth repeating stop talking start acting.  This means all Senators.  Shame
There are some very hateful people responding to this.  #DefendDACA!!
Then you should have passed a law. Executive orders can just be overturned with the swipe of a pen
THEY ARE NO BETTER THAN REAL AMERICANS, THEY HAVE THE CHOICE OF LEAVING AND REAPPLYING LEGALLY AND THEN THEY CAN COME BACK, LEGALLY!
The reason is there here illegally, and laws have to be enforced.
Maybe their parents shouldn't have snuck in in the first place, yes? #DeportThemAll
Your POTUS playing to his base, sadly some who supported him will be deported. R u really shocked? He is a White supremacist, he ran on that
Please #DefendDACA
All part of the deplorable plan.
Your party had 8 years to pass legislation you didn't quit the emotional blackmail their
criminal parents are to blame
WITHOUT LEGIT REASONS - REAL AMERICAN FAMILIES ARE BEING HURT NOW!
#PASSERA almost 100 yrs old, proposed in1923 by Alice Paul!
Congress has to act as a check and balance. #DefendDACA #DACA
Shut up. They r illegals and we have laws. U Dems r lawless, including the Constitution. .
I hope that you will support the DREAM Act.  Bipartisan legislation may not be perfect, but it's something.
They were hurt by President Obama! President Trump is following the law. You are the one who writes the laws. So write one or shut up
I truly hope that saner heads in the Legislative Branch can work together to #DefendDACA.  It's economically smart, morally the right thing.
Economics and morality don't figure into plans for Trump supporters. It's all about getting rid of brown people.
BS. These dreamers are adults not little kids. They are here illegally and taxpayers shouldn't be paying 4 them. #EndDACAnow
They broke the law Ben. This country was built on laws. Deport.
To Hell with DACA!!!
So let me get this straight - drop kid at boarder and Bingo they become American - what a joke
It's  SOFA KING cruel !  trump had promised to protect DACA, yet another Lie from POTUS  !
& what about all our American families that are hurting because they've been made promises & only had their backs turn on by their own govt
Please let them stay.
Step it up @SenatorCardin Sen, we need stronger statement.
Oh my, Obama had house/senate/even some rinos y wasn't it made into law? Now just playing your base in hopes u don't get ousted in primary
Thank you! They broke no laws, they were children. They give back greatly to THEIR country. OUR country. #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers
Why have you not offered a legislative fix instead of attacking Trump for following the law?
Please make a stronger statement, Senator. These are our children. #DACA #Dreamer
#AdoptADreamer
Makes you wonder why Obama made #DACA expire so soon, or why it wasn't drafted into law by Democrats. Hmmm.
Republicans have has control of congress. These kids are our kids. They're US now. Please reconsider your position.
They have their own homes. Some are serving US. Please reconsider your position.
They are US now. Glad you're with US. Why not welcome more?
Glad our laws let you come here legally. You are welcome. As are they. Have a nice trolly day. #LoveUS
What are you going to DO about it? The time for talk is over. Get ready for a primary!
DACA IS ILLEGAL.
ALL ILLEGALS  NEED TO BE DEPORTED.
THE REAL, NATIVE AMERICANS, AMERICANS, AND VETERANS FIRST.
MAGA, MAGA, ???????????!!!!!!
He said  6 month s he'd make a decision is this not right
?
This guy got to be a Democrat
Your a little early to start your bleeding hearts
Senator heres crazy thought get back to Washington u got 6 MO to fix Obama illegal  law .ooh gee u might have to actually do something!
Maybe someone can find our President soul if only he could see spite for Obama will not make him a good president the opposite  no heart
Congress has stood silent while Trump destroys America piece by piece. You senator and your colleagues must stand up and remove this madman.
Ben Cardin what other laws would U suggest we ignore? How about tax laws? Time 2change the way MD elects US senators. Majority of Counties.
and for many, English is their only language.  Can you imagine how cruel it would be to send them to a "foreign" country?
No more cruel than not sending them back to their country so their country can have Dreamers too
Worth repeating, not one damned penny, until traitor slanders and bernies bigots are out of the democratic party.
