#MoronsAreGoverningAmerica  This administration has torn itself, and a good portion of our world standing down all by itself.

Then you are immune to reality.  Fool.
NOVEMBER 4TH IS THE THRET GOING ARROUND. MANY WILL GO AFTER CORRUPT POLITICIANS & DEMS ON TOP OF LIST. THATS IS WHATS RUMORED.STOP IT PLEASE
Nothing happened
You say your for america. Then why is there so much corruption surrounding dems.
Too bad. You're not the boss
seeing as he is a member of the foreign relationtions committee this has A LOT to do with him. the “boss” is incompetent to someone needs /1
Where were you when the Clintons were making hundreds of millions from foreign governments while Hillary was SoS?
Integrityless hypocrite.
Ah, good ol' #Whataboutism
Thank you!
It isn’t appropriate you YOU to question a family that DONATES their salaries! How much are YOU IN MY POCKET!!
DEMOCRATS ARE PLANNING A CIVIL WAR. WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO STOP IT.
Leading it
@IvankaTrump & @jaredkushner should not have security clearances. Please advocate for them to be revoked.
Security clearance is appropriate.
Base does not care about the billions their making. They think if they donate their salary all is terrific.
Ware are you Democrats to stop yhe violence. I have yet to see any of you.
Why don't you learn to spell before you spew conspiracy and misinformed statements? Go back to the internet wasting time spreading lies.
Such petty stupidity on the part of a sitting Senator, is pathetic in the extreme.
You want Trump impeached because of the corruption you all have done. Fallow the money!
DEMOCRATS CANT BE TRUSTED. YOU LEFT BLACKS TO A VERY POOR STATE OF LIFE. YOU HAVE CHEATED, LIED, AND SHOWN YOUR TRUE COLORS.
Here is the real news!
Trumptards = Child Molesters + Traitors + NAMBLA @POTUS Trump is a Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert  Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert  Pervert #MAGA
Senator, you either are a partisan hack or do not understand the Emoluments clause. By your reading, George Washington violated the Emoluments clause because his farm sold goods over seas.
@POTUS Trump is a Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert  Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert Pervert  Pervert #MAGA Trumptards = Child Molesters + Traitors + NAMBLA
So embarrassed that my home state elects people like you, Mikulski, Sarbanes and O'Malley.

Democrats are thretening the security of what america had that was security and prosperous. Why r u doing this?
YOU HAVE BETRAYED THE SECURITY OF AMERICA OPEN BORDERS PLAN. ONLY TO HAVE ISLAM TAKE OVER. UR A LIAR
I applaud you. Informative letter with solid points.
It's not appropriate for her to serve in any capacity, but that doesn't stop a trump.
@ivankatrump @ivankatrumphq factories also abuse women.
STOP embarrassing us.
Why is dems hireing gun men to shoot republicans and conservatives. Why do you hate us.
Democrats have been the violent ones. Ware have you stoped it.
@Potus nepotism going nuclear
You mean your hypocrisy going nuclear.
How did you responded to Hillary's involvement in the Russian Uranium deal AND how the Clinton Foundation profited from her "Service"?
Thank you @SenatorCardin for your clear and concise reasoning. You have done us a great service on this issue.
Like Mnuchin or anyone in the Trump administration has an ethical bone in their body to recognize conflicts of interest.
IT SEEMS TO ME YOUR A GLOBALIST OUT TO OVERTAKE OUR GOV. WITH THE REST OF THE TRADERS.
Senator, you are a dope.
You are full of it. Why? Because she’s a woman? What have you done to promote women entrepreneurs? Crickets
You're a hater ... hating on FLOTUS ... advocating for causes is what FLOTUSs do.  You're a bitter old man.
given how little time you Senators work, your constituents would be better served if you actually did something for them.
If she follows her father's example and wont comply, it should be revoked. Period.
Let's see your letter on Hillary's criminal security clearance violations.
Thank you Senator Cardin. You’re my Senator; I’m glad SOMEONE is fighting back vs this family of grifters who taint everything they touch.
So Ivanka Trump wants a piece of WeFi. When doesn't a Trump have their hand out? Louise Mnuchin will probably get $ too. Grifters all!
Didn't you mean to address this letter to Hillary , Chelsea and the Clinton foundation? What do you do to justify the salary we pay you?
She’s a purse designer and inherited real estate.   Not an elected official. Smart move!
It's not appropriate for Ivanka to serve in the WH. There's nothing appropriate with this entire family. This is lunacy. #UnfitToServe
Are u kidding? Figures, would have to be a MD Dem as if the state isn't shameful enuf removing WWI cross. Omg
AND where were your objections with the Clinton’s who obviously  convoluted there funds multi layered.
#Trump's Administration will make #TeaPotDome look like a Tea Party.
Proud to call you MY Senator! Now let’s get her Security Clearance pulled.
When do we see the DC swamp being drained of corruption by way of kickbacks, bribes, questionable campaign contributions and gov contracts?
What exactly does she do again?
@OfficeGovEthics how does #TrumpCrimeFamily get away with it? Why ?
You could have just said, "It's not appropriate for Ivanka Trump to serve."
Thank you but of course nothing matters.
@eclecticbrotha @stevenmnuchin1 it's not appropriate for @IvankaTrump to serve in any capacity at all #grifter
Good planning you let Ivanka in there and it's going to be ruined be stolen blind
Why do Ivanka and Jared still have security clearances?
I'm hoping all these crooks get prison or at least have to leave the country for the rest of their lives
Oregon can keep Portman.
#LockHerUp
Or have the clearance they do.  Very dangerous for our country.
It's not appropriate for her or "Kush" to even be in the White House!
Thanks for this letter. @IvankaTrump is totally unqualified to serve in any position re women's empowerment. She runs a sweatshop.
Good to see someone with ethics and good morals!!!
Thank you
She has no business serving in the White House in any capacity and certainly doesn't deserve security clearance.
This country is now run by Moron Sr. Moron Jr and Moronka
Let's not forget this. Ivanka Trump is funding sweat shops. She should have absolutely NOTHING to do with #WeFi.
I have similar thoughts'
So true
It's not appropriate for her to work in ANY capacity in this administration! This is not a monarchy!!
http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/355749-fbi-uncovered-russian-bribery-plot-before-obama-administration … THIS IS NOT APPROPRIATE
Cardin shouldn't have to request that administration adhere to traditional governmental ethics standards. It should be a no-brainer.
And how far do you think that letter will go? @stevenmnuchin1 is a Trump toady.
Absolutely right Senator Cardin. Her businesses have exploited women workers around world. Her claim of supporting working women is false.
"honorable" ....
Let's talk about reinstating the fraud charges and the bribe her daddy paid the NY ag for him to forget " about it
I can't get past "Honorable" Mnuchin . Not a shred of honor or decency in @stevenmnuchin1
This is what grifting looks like. What exactly is the role of @IvankaTrump in this administration? Never been fully explained. #nepotism
WHY HAS IVANKA TAKEN THE "LIARS" APPROACH LIKE HER "GRIFTER" PA? SHE'S NOT FULLY DIVESTED OF HER BUS.! LIAR!

Ivanka shouldn't be anywhere near the WH.
Now, will common sense permit the right course of action or will undo pressure force a rocky path?
This letter explains the importance of the WeFi’s independence of WH influence which includes Ivanka. An independent chair person is needed
You know what they say about people who live on glass houses
Thank you Senator.
The trump crime syndicate doesn’t care about appearances doesn’t care about the truth or the law or anything but making money
I agree! And "not appropriate" is putting it mildly. Also, why does she have a security clearance? @CREWcrew
Why does DT son in law and daughter still has Security Clearance??? #TrumpResign
Letters, letters, Have you listened to his congressional testimony?  It’s replete with the elected spurning his lack of response to letters.
Thank you Senator. This is important and it’s important for someone to take a stand and put it in writing.
It's not appropriate for her to serve in the WH.  Hell, it not appropriate for her father to serve there either!
Nothing honorable about Steve
Unfortunately @stevenmnuchin1 wouldn’t know what was appropriate even if it was sitting next to him on the private plane we’re paying for.
I tweeted that i thought he did last night! Trump could of looked it up instead of dragging Kelly's family tragedy out n2 the public.
Agreed, it isn't really appropriate for her to hold any position in this administration..at all.
#Traitorous1stFamily #ConflictofInterestS #LIES #SecurityIssues #LYINGFLYNN #LYINGKUSHNER #LYINGWH #LYINGIVANKA #LYINGTRUMPS #LyingSHSanders
Thank you. The culture of nepotism has to stop. This is not a 3rd world country
#TrumpCrimeFamily
It's not appropriate for @stevenmnuchin1 to serve as anything in our government.
#TaxSucker
Thank you, Sir.
She is completely unqualified.
Thank you Senator for taking action!
It’s their last name: “not appropriate.” End this sh^t show and impeach him.
plus @IvankaTrump is a proven grifter (china, japan, Ecuador)
Seems to run rampant in this administration.
No explanation needed...just plain old nepotism exhibited by an exceptionally dysfunctional family unit.
It is illegal for Ivanka Trump to be in The White House, and I want to know why she is there.
Thank you, Sen. Cardin, for your letter to Sec. Mnuchin.  I totally agree it is inappropriate for Ms. Trump to be assoc. w/ this initiative.
I believe that potus children and sidekics are there at the WH to learn how to make more money, and sources for when Daddy finish his term.
who is this aimless woman & why is she still in DC with that scurrilous Jared?
I hope this matters and makes a difference.
Ivanka is a walking conflict of interest.
Fyi; @tedlieu @SenWarren @SenatorCarper @SenSchumer @RonWyden
co-sign
Thank you for speaking out about this!
@IvankaTrump will make this another tool to promote http://Trump.Org  businesses but Mnuchin is also a Trump appointee. #Corrupt
Unfortunately this administration is very unethical, but I'm glad that you're raising this issue. The hipocracy of Rs never ceases to amaze
*1st "Unofficial Official" in  history
*Never sworn-in 
*Voluntary compliance
*Slippery ethics slope
But your ltr is a start. Thanks. 
Is secretive about connections in China.
You were perfectly okay with Hillary Clinton serving as an advocate for the Clinton healthcare bill when she was first lady.

You hypocrite.
Thank you!
Excellent letter . . . Only revision?  
Delete HONORABLE from the inside address and greeting.
Ueah Maybe Ivanka could give everyone in the WH manicures and peddis..more suitable I believe..
And a handbag
Isn't the correct word "illegal?"
Thank you!
It's blurry-can't read it
Thank you Senator! @ivankatrump, you're illegitimate.
Asking Mnuchin to follow ethical recommendations... Is this satire? I applaud the group for taking a stand nonetheless
Letter omitted money laundering for Russian mafia and world's kleptocrats.
Taxpayers have given Trump properties small fortune already. And Trump Foundation is a criminal joke. Once a grifter always a grifter
Like Munchkin friggin' cares.

Amendment 25
Section 4

Fix the problem.
Near certainty Ivanka would use post to shill fashion line, especially now that Jared's 666 5th Ave needs bailing out
Do you really think he’ll care??!
She needs her security clearance revoked! Her rotten husband too!
thank you. It's not appropriate for her to serve in any capacity at the WH.
It's not appropriate for WH to refuse to describe exactly what position and title Ivanka has if she's going to rep for them.
Thank you for serving US & MD @SenatorCardin
there are so many things that the democrats are doing that are inappropriate, SENATOR resist!you are pathetic and need to be voted out,MAGA
Agree with you completely. Long overdue for Senators to stand against the unethical mess that is @IvankaTrump & her conflicts of interest
Thank you Senator...she runs a sweatshop; her husband is a slumlord...they are national embarrassments...like their mentor...the moron.
Thx 4 doing something! Now, please explain your unanimous consent on the opioid sham bill. Usually proud of MD senators, but not on tht bill
Poor Ben, he still can’t accept the fact that normal Americans rejected the dem message of ‘Americans 2nd, everyone else 1st’#DemsDontGetIt
Which has what to do with @IvankaTrump ripping taxpayers off?
Sadly I don't think you'll get far with a corrupt toady like @stevenmnuchin1
As a WB employee, THANK YOU!
You assume that writing this letter is going to make any difference. Nothing will happen until that Orange Dumpster Fire is out of office.
MAGA2020 
unless he had a "wire" on, totally unacceptable! shows he may be a trump pyscophant! i hope the former!!
That’s a start, but can you do more? Can you introduce a bill to censure a WH employee? Can you file charges?
@IvankaTrump and @JaredKushner Should Be FIRED and Have no SECURITY CLEARANCES #NationalCharacterCountsWeek MY AS*
BUT BUT BUT Hillary's emails. 

*would laugh but not funny
As though Mnuchin will care. 
Thank you Sir
It was not appropriate for anyone who took campaign contributions from the medical industry to vote on ObamaCare either
Repeal ACA you crook
Will you publicly call for Bob Menendez to resign if he’s convicted of corruption charges?
