thank you!
vote yes
Thank you for your No vote on #Sessions!
this not fiction it has been posted on YouTube by real journalists
thank you, Senator Cardin
Thank you for voting No !
Thank you!! :) He is frightening!
Squash Him!
I wouldn't expect you to do anything else close minded Liberals are all the same.
Why are Dems so non supportive of looking into the integrity of our voting system?
5,000 Maryland citizens are registered in Md & Va with at least 200 + voting in both states. Senator Cardin says no evidence?
thank you Sen Cardin for representing Maryland and the many DOJ employees who are against #Sessions
thank you!!!!
.@SenatorCardin That's fine, sir.  He will be confirmed with or without you, and your #constituents will remember your name.
We're like Santa Claus: making a list, checking it twice cuz conservatives are coming to town
neither of you live here lmao
I DO!
Thank you, Senator!
You know better. California and MD allow illegals to register to vote, so stop lying.
Thank you!
How does having an investigation into voter fraud undermine our democracy?  If fraud is found we fix it, if not good.
thank you for voting no to Sessions!
thank you Senator! You do Maryland proud!
@SarahPinsker #Sessions #voterfraud Thank you, Senator.
thank you! Please keep up the good work: #StopDeVos, #stoptillerson, #StopMnuchin, #StopPrice, #StopPruitt too!
Thank you, Senator Cardin.
...We want you to vote yes. We also want you to resign if you can't do OUR WILL.
WeThePeople expect you to vote YES since WE pay U. U should vote as WE want or don't U care about what we want?
Thank you for not backing down from the facts. Keep it up!
Thank you. It's a complete waste of federal resources!
find out how independent he can be.  He must represent ALL of the American people- including those who just got here.
Thank you for taking a stand. This constituent is proud!
@SenatorCardin is an example of what other senators should be like. Proof that other older white males don't have an excuse for hate.
Resign you old has been!  RESIGN!
I am glad you are voting no. I voted for you. Thank you for representing us at the #Sessionshearing
pleased you are voting no on #Sessions #NoOnSessions Now, please NO on Pruitt and de Vos and others too.
Who cares if you vote no. Sessions will be confirmed anyway because ur party doesn't know how to win elections.
There ARE facts tht prove the fraud. Open your eyes to see them. That is not calling our democracy into question. ...
Thank you for standing up for your constituents!
Thank you for a No Vote! #stopsessions is a must! Great testimony today!
thank you
We do need to investigate Voter Suppression.
thank you for standing up when so few seem to be able to do just that.  #sessions #StandUpToTrump #ImpeachHim
I don't blame you.  After all, the Truth will not set you free.
, I swear, I am starting to picture you in a flowing cape, hands on hips, and standing in a crisp breeze. U r SO my hero!
while there definitely weren't 3-5 million cases of fraud, this investigation will call to attention reform in voter ID laws
A filibuster is the only honorable response. #FilibusterSessions #DemsFightLikeHell
there is no case.
Thank You  Grateful & Proud Constituent of  Maryland 
Thank you
"Fiction"?
Thank you Senator Cardin.  This is why I voted for you and will work for your re-election.  This veteran appreciates you.
as one of your constituents, I thank you
Thank you!
Thank you Sir!
What are you afraid to find out? I personally know of one woman that votes in two states. Data Process Controls need eval
Yes, you must!  Thank you! #JeffSessions #NoBanNoWall #RESISTANCE
thank you!
thank you, senator. Please encourage your peers to also vote no!
we live in a republic, not a democracy

Thank you Senator!
I don't recall you mentioning Jill Stein as fictional? Somehow missed it! We all need voter ID's, anyway. What's the problem?
You make Maryland proud
Thank you for standing up for what should be universal values.
I'm YOU constituent and I fully support this decision
thank you from a constituent in Annapolis
Sessions is known for sensationalism and obscuring facts.
Thank you for voting No on Sessions! Proud to be your constituent. 
Russians hacked and changed the vote but fraud doesn't exist??!! Please spend some time fixing Western MD and do your job here!
Yeah well you were going to vote no anyway so whatever BS reasons listed are irrelevant. Good day sir.
Thank you!
You probably didn't have a problem when Jill and Hillary were recounting did you. Hypocrite
Explain why 3 buses were going from polling place to polling place in #Vegas then ? YOU KNOW There is voter fraud
Investigations are going to happen. Dems are afraid what information is going to come to light & why they object
When .@jeffsessions is sworn in and he will be, I hope he puts you under a microscope!
Sessions is a fox guarding the henhouse. Use your tools - #withholdconsent and #filibuster (From 65 voters in Cabin John, MD)
No brainer I would think. The racism kinda rules him out.
Stop your lies, there are many cases of voter fraud. Plenty of videos proving it!
Better get with the program Senator. You're not guaranteed a job and The people have had it with democratic obstructionism
Thank you Senator Cardin for your efforts.
thank you for your dedication to your constituents, Senator! Please keep fighting.
Well there was SOME voter fraud. The "expert" Trump is citing was registered to vote in 3 states.
Thank you! Proud to be your constituent!
so when is the fraud investigation beginning for Jill Stein if there is no such thing as voter fraud?
.@SenatorCardin Oh yeah, another #TypicalLyingDemocrat  -  hmm, what are you afraid will be revealed, hmmm?
thank you!!! #MarylandStrong
thank you!
of coarse you are. You're the benefactor of illegal voters.
Thank you.
thank you!
Thank you for standing up to this inappropriate nomination! Now can we count on you to stand up against the rest?
THANK YOU - proud to be living in Baltimore 

GOP paid zero political price for endless obstruction. No reason for Dems not to do the same with an exponentially more unpopular President.
thank you! Respect.
Thank you.
Thank you for voting NO.
THANK YOU!
Good on you Senator! Hope that you can help convince others to do the same!
That's what we the constituents expect of you - standing up for the truth.
thank you!
and what of withholding unanimous consent? A No Vote is wonderful, but if it fails to block it doesn't slow confirmation.
please, no on Session.
yes! Thank you for representing your constituents unlike @LarryHogan
sessions is a fucking bigot. Shouldn't be in the Senate let alone AG can't be trusted he's a disgusting little man
Thank you! From a constituent in Goldsboro,Maryland.
proud that you are my senator #MDStrong
Thank you, Senator Cardin! #stopsessions
Excellent!!  Cookies for you, Sir!
thank you!!
thanks for your responsible vote!
