Thank you for standing up to unqualified people running departments that they do not understand.
as a Maryland voter; thank you for fighting for our children! Please fight the rest of Trump's cabinet.
core needs to go!
Thank you for standing for public education!
a disgrace look at our school system people can't read do math time for a change
you are wrong on every level politics not common sense is your defect.  The teachers union owns you.  Go Devos!
And most, most of all for the teachers' unions  that have systematically denied poor kids and their parents a choice.
Thank you, Senator, for doing us Marylanders proud.
thank you
what happened the last 8 yrs our public schools r a disaster under Democrats maybe a change is needed.
please give facts and sources as to why our schools have gone downhill in the last eight years. I call BS.
Thank you. Don't give up the fight.
#NoOnDevos Thank you, Senator! Keep fighting!
not on board with people saying education has gone downhill in the last eight years. 5 kids-all well educated.
Thank you for voting no on the DeVos nomination.  Keep fighting for us!
thank you for  trying
Shame on you and your partisan politics. Education system is bloated with bureaucracy, needs to be reformed.
Just see if you guys can manage to save the EPA and Board of Ed, much bigger issues than Devos atm.
thanks! I am so broken.. as an educator I am not sure how to move forward
thank you for all that you have done and are doing to protect the civil liberties of US citizens.Glad you are my senator!
You tell us what you are against. Is there something you are for or is your job just a game to you?
thank you! I can always depend on my Maryland Senators.
thank you for trying.  Feeling overwhelmed with everything at this point.
thank you!
Thank you for voting no. It was a sad day for education, but grateful my senator voted for the people and not the money.
thank you, Sen. Cardin, for your vote
Thanks for your support!
thank u for taking a stand against Devos. Keep it up.
New York City’s charter schools generally outperform their neighbouring district schools. Why them and not us? @SenSchumer
thanks
as a Baltimore County teacher, I thank you and expect you to continue the fight for our children's future.
Thank you for your no note.
So she'll make public schools worse than they already are?
thank you for a good fight. We lost the battle, but not for trying. Keep fighting the bigger war. We're all there with you.
once again Senator you don't get it, children don't need an advocate they need an education in particular American history.
You're just worried the Teacher's unions won't support you if you did what's right.
Thank you for your #NoOnDeVos. Your efforts won't be forgotten. Now we continue the fight! #Resist
Democrats r ruining this country kids can't read do math. Y'all need to wake up support Republicans.
Thank you for voting for a better future! The DeVos vote is heartbreaking. We keep our eyes on children and future. #forward
Thank you
@ChrisVanHollen

Thank you for standing against #DeVos.
You're  also a LOSER AGAIN!  U put on a nice dog & pony show knowing you were going to LOSE. Keep wasting time for 8 more yrs
Thank you Senator.
Education is more effective with local control. There is no one size fits all solution. Cheaper and more effective
The federal government needs to get out of education. It adds no value, only takes a slice out of the tax dollars for cronies
No Trump SCOTUS nominee will help prevent any damage done by DeVos.

All must play by same rules: GOP rules.
No Trump SCOTUS!
Thank you for your vote against DeVos.
thank you senator
Thank you!  I'm thoroughly disgusted with the @SenateGOP
what will MD do to protect our kids from her & Trumps corrupt & elitist agenda? Time for MD legislature to work 4 MD's kids.
Where's the advocate for those students who don't want to use the restroom/shower with the opposite  sex?
thank you! I tried calling in my thanks this morning but the lines were busy!
I'm a parent and I want CHOICE in schools. Not all students flourish in public schools. Vote YES. Confirm DeVos.
just admit you're in the bag for big donor teacher unions.  Many thanks to VP Pence!
#BetsyDeVos 
#SecretaryDeVos
face it DeVos donated to Trump and most of the Republicans.  Talk about pay 2 play.
thank you
.@SenatorCardin @JRCarrollNews  @ABC
PLZ learn about #TrumpRussia Ties for 30 yrs. See @funder & @Khanoisseur posting Facts!#TheResistance
Thank you for voting against deconstruction of our public schools. Please, let us know what we can do to continue fighting.
Thank you Senator. Our country will not forget. #unpresidented
@LAZaleski Thanks anyway!
Thank you Sen. Cardin for trying to watch out for your constituents. I wish more Senators had done the same.
thank you Senator!
I thank you
THANK YOU for voting against DeVos. Please continue to vote against these harmful and unqualified nominees.
and yet it does no good
I'm in total agreement and support for your stance on not approving the nomination of DeVos for Secretary.
I am one of your constituents. Thank you for voting as you did.
Thank you Senator Cardin for voting no. Its an absolutely disgusting shame your colleagues didn't follow you.
Yes, stopping leftist indoctrination & giving parents choice & vouchers will no doubt make people like you suffer.
thank you senator 
Another reason why I'd never vote for you.
Thank you!
DeVos and go with private school you would not be against her.  You know public school is a disaster.
you fail to realize what might work for your schools does not work for all.  If you were not worried parents would follow
oh, and don't forget the teachers unions that do nothing to rid the schools of worthless teachers.
Thank you from a grateful MCPS alum!
Thank you!
and going to make sure I keep that UNION VOTE !
doesn't your sanctuary city protect them
Thank you from an Anne Arundel County Public Schools parent
@AmericanFamAssc @AIIAmericanGirI @Italians4Trump Cardin is telling us he is in the tank and pockets of the teachers unions!
I thought WikiLeaks would bring down the Democrat party, but after NO on DeVoswill make it so much better. #StatesDecide
education should be in the state's hands according to the 10th amendment.
competitions going to improve our school so much. Inner-city kids can go to better schools. So what's your problem?
you know schools will improve when given back to the states you will look foolish and did you receive $$$ from teachers union
anyway to get one more GOP to vote no??
Thank you, Senator!
how much money do you get from the teacher's unions? That's what this is really about.
amen
Thank you!
Thank you @SenatorCardin for voting #NOonDevos
and yet she still made it
thank you.
Thank you from this teacher! Any idea if anyone else is switching over from a "yes" vote??? Please, for our students!!!
Thank you Senator!! I have no kids but I am against her, for ALL of our nation's children. Our future belongs to them.
Senator, I grew up in Md, you Democrats killed education in Md, palease RETIRE!
I grew up in Maryland and had a great public education.  The sinking of the economy killed funding 4 Ed.
Thank you Senator!
thank you senator
Thank you!!!
it did no good
The PES needs a blood transfusion and more. Where have you all been?
Thank you for taking this stance.
we the People say YES on DeVos
YOU need to step down
Also, pls  try to be advocate  for the homeless  and  starving children in  your   state
their only worried about rufugees and Muslim
Thank you!
