Can we add regulations for semi-automatic rifles and closing the background check loopholes?? Please.
No such loophole. Background checks are mandatory law.
Sorry but there are loopholes in the law that allow approximately 30% of all guns sales to transpire without a background check.
BS. If there was no background check you wouldn't no about it. The truth is a federal instant background check is done every sale
You would have to look outside Maryland. For instance, in Texas anyone can sell guns at a gun show, no license required and no background..
2. check required but is usually limited to 10 guns per table. Guns sold under the table in the parking lot...no bc...no registrations. DL
3. is only required for quick check with no waiting when buying from licensed dealer. Have seen this myself, husband is a custom knife..
You need to research the laws.blanket statements like this are not true.
Careful your trying to undo Obama's work.
not far enough.
PURE
COINCIDENCE
Because they were approved under the Obama Administration that's why.
@LochHuron @SenFeinstein @NBCNews make all fully automatic weapons illegal and we'll talk.
I bought like 5 of these the other day. Best idea I've heard in months. Glad I bought them before left-otards start the stupidness. VETO!
Yes! Also ban silencers, repeal Dickey amendment, strengthen background checks, UNIVERSAL MENTAL HEALTHCARE, SINGLE PAYER HEALTHCARE...
It was your guy Obozo that allowed them. Go ask him! You libtards are all alike. You pass laws then point your finger at everybody else!
Obama said they were ok why isn't that on the news
A great example for the idiocy and ignorance now present among the liberal Democrats in Congress, do some homework, this means nothing.
You can ban them, but they are very easy to make at home.
It isn't enough. The only purpose semiautomatic weapons have is to kill large numbers of people. There is no other use.
Uneducated statement.
Where were you when Obama legalized them in 2010?
Will u ban illegal aliens since they kill over 2k in US each year? Common sense immigration reform that save thousands of lives each year.
Too soon to talk #Guns                       For 58 people it's too Late
Not Now. Then When?
#2LateFor58
I'm donating to whoever will run against you.
Anyone who supports Bump-Fire Stocks in the Senate must be called out for public ridicule.
Or maybe ban democrats.  If not for them there would be a lot less murders.
Please ban heroin too!!!
Your not getting my guns, nope no way
Does anyone on this thread even know what a bump stock is? Can anyone tell me why they think banning it will save lives?
Why didnt you oppose itbwhen Obama admin approved them?
You know the ATF made them legal in 2010, right? Also banning them will do nothing. Work on real legislative issues.
YOU DON'T NEED A "BUMP-STOCK" TO BUMP-FIRE A SEMI-AUTO RIFLE!
Stop eating out of the hand of the #MSM on this! #NoNewGunControl! 
all the talk of #bumpstocks is a distraction: a GOOD SHOOTER using a scope & NO #BUMP device could easily have KILLED 500 instead of 58
Attorney General Eric Holder (who ran Assault Rifles across the Border   to Mexico) approved the "BumpStock"! in 2010? The Blood is on the hands  Holder & Obama.
I already came up with a device that will do the same thing w/out being put on the gun. Took 1 min.
Why did Obama's #ATF approve them in 2010 anyway!
Feinstein sit the Hell Down some where... You want to do something introduce legislation to track White Supremacist groups #LasVegasShooting
Try to make it quick. Reports coming in that they are selling like hot cakes now. This is a nightmare!
Please do.
Thank You sir
A #BumpStocks will not change or end the death toll until there are serious gun laws to protect law-abiding citizens. The 1st Amendment doesn't protect one from slander. Reasonable gun laws won't take away the 2nd Amendment.
Gun laws only restrict lawful citizens. Criminals dont follow the law. They further restrict my ability to protect myself.
Senator I didn’t think I would ever say this but I agree with you re: banning the bump stocks.
Thank you
Explain what a bump stock is. Bet you don't even know.
Ban fertilizer and diesel fuel too while you're at it. Evil people will find another way to kill. At least you'll feel good until next time

Thank you, its about time- this should be low hanging fruit!
About time ? You didn't know they existed until a few days ago ......
Sad part is that it won’t help the violence. Just look in Baltimore or Chicago. Gun restriction laws don’t work.
So why not allow fully automatic weapons and rocket propelled grenades? Why ban anything?
It wasn't a bumpstop or the pea shooters found in the hotel room. Listen to audio. You must fire in short bursts or the barrel will melt.
Thank you, Senator!
You're cosponsoring madness
Yea pass some more Obama care BS
Thank you!
I’m good with that if you give National reciprocity for carry
I propose a ban on irrelevant senators like Ben Cardin.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Sen. Cardin
Thank you, Senator Cardin!
What a shame fix the laws
Thank you Senators.
China no gun but many Chinese illegal working in US, why? Senator read your Constitution again.
They are not in Puerto Rico.  We have the strictest gun laws in the US. But the highest murder rate too.
Ban abortion. Save lives.
You gonna confiscate the existing ones?
