They WERE criminals!  They were here illegally!  If they don't have to obey the law, why should any American citizen obey any law?
Shameful. These young men weren't criminals, they were brought here as children and, by all accounts became model members of the community.
CRIMINALS!!!!!!!!
Lots of people are not citizens but are here "legally".
That is not what it says- one person said that. And why shouldn't immigrants get housing?
Bot
It makes us less safe. Republicans killing of civilians & their horrible treatment of immigrants is causing hatred against U.S.A.
Devastating people's lives and destroying their dreams. . . Yes, that is the NEW AMERICA - that's TRUMP's America or is it "Trumperica" now?
better than letter illegals destroy someone's family dreams by killing there loved 1s
Read the headline and tell me how they are law abiding.  They came to country Illegally.  They are criminals!!!  There is a legal process.
Eyeah, when they were children they should have stayed behind alone when their parents came here and starved in the streets. That's legal.
Senator, this is appallingly unAmerican, and shames and damages us all. ICE has become a terrorist organization-and Congress allows this.
Promises made, promises kept. Thank you, Mr President.  #AmericaFirst
They broke the law 8 years ago, then he takes a scholarship that he wasn't eligible to receive.
If they entered the country illegallly they were not law abiding! Duh!
They broke the law perhaps something you should have known since law school.

This is NOT who we are.
ICE needs to be brought in front of Congress along w Homeland head, and Kelly. No more abuse on our dime. No more $$ ICE @SenKamalaHarris
it's not only your dime that our gov is giving these illegals it's mine to I'll keep my
No matter how you try to spin it they are criminals and they should be prosecuted and Deport it. I am disgusted by our representation in Md.
This is not RIGHTSenator Cardin thank you 4 caring and working so hard for these innocents!
Difficulty defining "criminal" and "law-abiding"? 3rd paragraph of story says it all. But, glad to hear you support Marylanders ignoring law
They were here illegally thus making them criminals.  Even a Senator should be able to do the math on this.
Probably in the same way that releasing Gitmo prisoners made us safer.
Stop tweeting and do something about it. We are getting very tired of all words and no action!
It is called rule of law (you created it). Immigration is like a drivers' license, it's a privilege. No accidents but driving w/no license?
Is anyone upset they are breaking our laws send them back
@realDonaldTrump isnt interested in making America safer. On the contrary he needs the fear bred in safety's absence 2peddle his propaganda.
I only broke your immigration laws and they don't count, just ecause stupid Congress passed them doesn't mean I have oollow them. Soooo.
US is not the South American caretaker!!! It stops !! If it's so bad send in troops!! You have a front door on your house for a reason!!
The space they were going to take In College was filled by how many Teabillies or Red State voters on Aid  for coal jobs to come back? "0"
We all know it was never about making US safer sensor... trump White House is a con of epic scale
last I had noticed if your breaking the law you are a criminal if your all legal then your a citizen
@realDonaldTrump @SenatorCardin
If they broke into your home and lived there, I would say "they weren't criminals" instead they broke into our Country!

Blah Blah Blah!!! What part of illegal don't you understand??? There's a process you may not like it but it's the process...
This was horrible.
They are not law abiding they are here illegally. And they never applied for assylum.
This is so wrong.
It doesn't. It shows bigotry of trump and Sessions who sho be purged from the USA
Shame on trump shame on sessions shame on anyone who enabled trumps agenda when it was evident he was unfit to serve
LOL  mindless agenda of the last 8yrs and America has gone to hell with NO common sense god bless us
The were in the United States illegally. Explain why you are against upholding the law.
Please think about working on reforming the immigration process.
How about the problem of Kate Stinley  in San Fransisco?  Cherry picking hart throb stores.  Both sides can do it.  Make good policy
@SenatorCardin please publish the laws that should be enforced and which ones we should ignore. #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
it's the color of their skin, stupid.
Yes they were criminals,get all illegals out. And Cardin go with them globolist SCUM
Illegal is illegal.
If a judge ordered deportation in 2013 as the story says why did it take 4 years and isn't illegally coming into this country a CRIME
Obviously not law abiding were they!
History repeat slaves/blacks still separated from families by 1) police 2) jails 3) injustice n unjust society 4) jobs 5) ed 6) resource
About time, now get rest out.  Or we will drive them into sea, burn the crops and poison the water

Appalling. How about doing something about this Congress? You are allowing these families to be ripped apart. Stand up and fight!!!
Bummer. Maybe Democrat @SenatorCardin could answer to why Obama admin. issued order of removal in 2012.
Bad Hombres? This is ridiculous!
Where do 65 year old women who are raped in their own home go for #sanctuary ?
Ask your dad I guess.
Yikes
The order to send them back was put in place by an immigration judge in 2013, and this is trumps fault? Weren't you & Obama in office then?
@POTUS job is to enforce our laws. Your job is to make law. Upset? Change the law. Don't blame @POTUS for doing his job.
They did enter the US illegally. So idk why you said they are law-abiding.
I do not think that is right to do  it does not make us any safer then we are
who is paying for the college, you? I seriously doubt it.
It doesn't.
It appears the Gestapo is watching.
They consumed public and private resources that could have been used by legitimate US citizens. Excuse that away, Ben.
Hey jackwagon that represents me...you left out the dets as usual you scammer.

"They entered the country illegally in 2009, however..."

Awwwwwwww, how cute.  Usually I love gifs...but this is weaksauce.
Yes bc that is the same as a speeding ticket. Your ancestors entered illegally or do you have a green card from Native Americans?
Listen up butter cup, that "original sin" was fought about 400 yrs ago. Today, there is a rule of law, and it ain't no f'in speeding ticket
but you feel free to keep deluding yourself and others...meanwhile, your kids (oh right stay out your lady parts) will pay price.
They were under a deportation order from 2013. Blame Cardin and Obama
Don't you understand "came to this country illegally"? that's NOT "law-abiding".
I beg to differ.
We know you'll lose votes over common sense immigration policy. Exactly why we are voting for it.
