Libtards deemed Obumnacare with ZerO R Votes they own their failure & the Private sector will Right itself w/ lower costs after #FullRepeal
Turtle  Head, it's time you retire! You evil, evil thing!
Well Dems, DO SOMETHING about the problems with ObamaCare.  You've had 7 yrs to fix these problems but so far nothing has happened.
McConnell - a BIG part of the problem, no part of the solution.  

Problem causers for USA:
#McConnell # PaulRyan #KelleyAnne
I don't want any fed mandated  health care insurance. You buy it, you get it. You don't, you pay full price. Simple. Get out big government
Terrible
These people are unbelievable. No faith in the Republican Party.
Anyone that would vote for this repeal only, is a ruthless vicious ghoul! We need healthcare for all. Are most republicans, vicious ghouls?
We need to take back Washington. Democrats all the way!!!
@SenateGOP We have an OPM (Other Peoples Money) crisis in America. Americans are addicted to OPM. #RepealObamacare @SenateDems
Time for McConnell to leave the house who's with me on this?
Which proves he doesn't care about the people he serves, just himself and his party affiliation. Take notice Kentucky voters, wrong horse!
Premium will go up and people will not be insure that is when Democrats will think
How would it double them? With #FullRepeal that means no government control and free market takes over. Economics 101 means lower premiums

No way can you stop healthcare!! What will happen to people who depend on it?
Why do you Repubs want to put the cart before the horse?
It's common practice by now for Republicans to eat their words
There has never been a vote to repeal. Only to cut funds. #governmentfail
Please tell is again how much each family was gonna save thru the ACA?
Chucky, it should be repealed.  That is one reason GOP has all three branches of gov't.
Dems compare the cost of repeal/replace to the cost of ACA. And Congress must loose their healthcare as well as All Americans, that's fair!!
& this will also require VOTES keep fighting! Call, write, Tweet! #NoRepeal Both sides must work together #SaveOurCare
Since you know what the premiums will be, what's tonight's Lotto #?
Quadrupling consumer
What is the CBO score on just repeal?

McConnell and rest should have same insurance and benefits as their people.
See how they like it!!
Why don't Dems come up with a plan to keep Obamacare from failing? Or are all Senate Dems incapable of working?
They are not being allowed to participate by the republicans.
I disagree. Republicans are not stopping the Democrats in coming up with a plan to save Obamacare. Both parties just don't want to.
When will people understand that the GOP just doesn't care about us?
Dems!  Stop complaining and do some work.
This is an egregious and outrageous lie! The Corrupt Democrats Dicked Up the American Healthcare System.
@spacemanatee I say, let's let Congress live for a year with their version of healthcare before they dump it on us.
#Digusting
well the premiums are already triple, that didn't phase you before, now you care because it's failing.....?
Why? Give Dems time to get desperate? Don't think that will work Papa Devil.
Going down,,,,
Holding Americans hostage b/c Mitch can't work across the aisle is a dereliction of duties!!
This from the people who said that my premiums would go down if we passed your bill. Y'all got some credibility issues with your numbers.
They don't care about us they simply want the money. Easy read if you open your eyes.

McConnell is as phony as Trump putting Trump, party, ahead of our country
#Kompromat
To quote Joy Behar, repeal and replace McConnell.
All McConnell and Trump care about is undoing anything President Obama did. What's wrong with this picture?
How do we remove Smiling Mitch & Paul from office sooner than later. This fight is going to drag on just as it did during POTUS Obamas yrs!
He's just like 45. He doesn't care if people have insurance. 
He just wants the W
useless - the problem
How much money is this whole republican I'll conceived non collaborative effort costing taxpayers?
Q: How can you tell when Mitch McConnell is lying? 

A: His chins are moving.
#McConnell do you have cancer or some other deadly disease that you will die from very shortly because it is the only thing I can think of
that would explain why you would support killing the American people with a deadly healthcare bill?????????
Because they are all liars, not agenda for country, agenda for hate
Mitch likes to talk out of both sides of his mouth.
Quadrupling consumer costs, along people with preexisting conditions...theres's death panel right there. #Disgraceful #Shameful
There should be no gap & a plan should be in place before it's repealed! Otherwise your worse plan will look good bc we will have nothing!
@SenateMajLdr 7 years... You had 7 years. Step down and allow someone who isn't trying to kill millions to increase their bank acct. #Shame
He is a terrible majority leader he's clueless. Get his arse out.
Do u think he is pissed, he seems to be taking it out on the country. He held closed door sessions. Should be open #McConnell retire
And had handicapped people arrested. He doesn't care about his country
@SenateMajLdr I don't see how you can defend yourself. Laziness is the cause of all these problems. Congress has too much time off.
This guy is your LEADER can't feel sorry for the Republicans
Let Ocare die. People purchase healthcare in the free market. The way it was done for decades. Keep Washington out of healthcare.
Under President Obama Republicans could vote to repeal ACA, they knew it would never happen.  Now they have no cover!
@SenateMajLdr @gop @HouseGOP all #pathetic 
Top to bottom. Keep voting them in America  They will take ur kitchen sink. @realDonaldTrump
He wants stand alone repeal of Obamacare because; he takes braking orders from trump.
Time to Ditch Mitch! He is leaving millions worth out healthcare. Poor leadership!
#DitchMitch
Yeah, he doesn't care.  His worst day in his professional life was McCain-Feingold Campaign Finance Bill. His career started in 1964.
Don't be fooled that "REPEAL NOW, REPLACE LATER" will work!  Keep calling and emailing "NO" on REPEAL.
this guy is insane what the hell is he doing he obviously so hates Obama he is willing to throw his own state into hell
Why is he sooo ornery, & just downright "mean"? Or is he just taking orders from the top - just doin' what he's been told?
carnivorous caterpillar has choice now of eating his fellow Republican until one fat one left or choose working fix ACA so all will survive
Do not accept. They have had over 7yrs to come up with an alternative + Trump time. No repeal without replace.
@SenateMajLdr  Instead of improving the ACA, McConnell wants destroy all parts of it.  M  McConnell is the chief obstructionist.
Unbelievable! They will try anything to save face! This would be a disaster for all! They gotta go in 2018 & the Trumps gotta go now!
It's not @SenateMajLdr who wants #Repeal Only. That is what WE voted for in November. Anyone who doesn't vote to repeal, will be voted out.
Why do democrats always lie
A 'pretend' repeal.
@SenMajLdr controlled by @realDonalTrump will follow him off the cliff. Doesn't care about ppl in KY who voted for him or rest of US ppl.
McConnell is walking a very dangerous path, he must have dementia.
I believe that's called throwing a hissy fit. He is retaliating against the defeat.
Hell No !  McConnells political greed will kill Americans  Stop this Fool !!!
Funny!  Y'all didn't care about the cost with Obamacare
This is such a ridiculous tactic. Over 30 million would lose insurance, & premiums would dramatically rise for everyone else. Keep fighting!
@SenateGOP #republicans out of touch with middle and lower class WAY OUT OF TOUCH
Not only will premiums double, but co-pays, services + pre-existing condition exclusions and limitations.  CYA move that hurts real people.
Go to any UHC country and ask any politician. Q: Would you threaten your constituents HC? A: Hell no, not if I ever want to be reelected!
@smarmyman giggle giggle...every watch Beavis & Butthead that's @SenateMajLdr

Rep's are just looking for a win, no matter how many lives are ruined in the process.
TRUE
The turtlehead is poking out of his ass again
And the Demoncrats have been of help how?
guess you forgot, gop went secret w/trumpcare, didn't want the dems involved. so what do you expect from the party over country group?
Liberals must have poor study habits, along with snowflakes.
well, you are far from christian, you sound like anti christ.  go away fake christian - take your #FakePresident with you
His back is against the wall. Instead of doing right thing & working with Ds to make #ACA better, the little bitch is throwing a tantrum.
Apologize for bad language, but @SenateMajLdr is despicable.  Rather burn the house down than work with other side to rebuild. Sad looser
What's wrong with these backward people?
What's wrong with these people Jay Love is that they want your money at any cost & for the world to b rich, white & christian.
Wish that we're the case, maybe, but with a $100 trillion world debt, seem borrowed out already on everyone else's dime - rubber checks.
They continue to look Americans in the face and LIE LIE LIE.......They only care about the 1% PERIOD, the rest of us are expendable!
#PeopleB4Party Stuff McConnell back into his shell.
The turtle must go! #2018 #SinglePayerNow
You want single payer, move to the UK or Canada. We're not having the #CharlieGard system of medicine here. Pay your own or do without.
He is an idiot!
Ok,  we'll just let Ocare fail?


#DeathByGOP

