Why is this our fault? Obama told us his executive order was only temporary, and by the way, illegal. Trump forced Congress to do their job.
#DACA was unconstitutional period. Maybe you senators and congressmen will get off your lazy asses and fix it #dumbassery
#DACA was constitutional, if it was not it would have been overturned in the courts.
Actually, do your homework. It changed the law. @BarackObama even admitted over and over that it was unconstitutional. Wasn't he a lawyer
I have read Article II, Section Three of the Constitution; with that said it is not unconstitutional until the Supreme Court rules on it.
Which now the @Scotus does not have to. Congress will hopefully pull their heads out and codify #DACA it should have been done before
They went underground when their parents brought them here illegally. Put the blame where it should be, on the illegal parents.
Illegal aliens are just trying to do what's best for them and their children. Good luck to them. 
Mexico needs its people and God to fight!
They need to work/fight to make Mexico great again! My God help them.
*May
Please ask @realDonaldTrump for his resignation! It's time for this to be a part of regular discussion! #ImpeachTrump
#TheResistanceIsaHateGroup
Wanting a president who won't get us all killed in a nuclear war doesn't make u a hate group. Saying Nazis are good people makes u a hate gp
The whole reason we're in this predicament with North Korea now is because Obama was the weakest president this country has ever had
Now it's up to Trump to protect our country and stop this Maniac from achieving nuclear weapons. Support Trump before it's too late
https://youtu.be/_ZkxEXgMvsI . It is time for you to state FACTS. Majority of these people are over 20 yrs old. Apply for citizenship or move.
Really do you know all the economics in Mexico because that's where they'll be
Then do your job.  Legislate.  Or do what you always do Procrastinate.  Even Barack got fed up with your lack of diligence.
Its called rule of law. Follow it or leave. Hey Benny you go too!
Hey Senator Cardin..do your homework!  When Obama did this on his own without congress - it was temporary until it could be looked at again!
Rather than "delaying action," why not just give them citizenship?
Crabbing and complaining is easy. Quit wasting your/our time. Instead, get together with other members of Congress and address the problem.
Vote Ben out, While U still can. Every illegal vote cast, negates a citizen vote.  Today DACA, tomorrow their Daca parents & they will carry
Dems have lost their American voter base.  Need to keep as many illegals as possible so they can use their illegal votes.  Voter fraud huge~
Can we find a single Dem Senator who is not more concerned for DACA than Americans?  Pandering 4 illegal votes.  Vote them out, unite us!
DO YOUR JOB. Enact the Dream Act RIGHT NOW!
I just heard your speech to the senate, thank you for continuing to fight for the dreamers #DACA #resist @OccupyDemocrats @TheDemocrats
Ben... you want your dreamers... America wants her borders secured.  Give us the wall and you can keep your dreamers.. deal or no deal..?
well u caused it. stay off Tv and get to work in congress and clean up the mess that DEMs and BO created! work 4 once!
YOU PEOPLE ARE THE BIGGEST DOOMSDAY ADVOCATES I KNOW
Get off your soapbox and draft a law,that's on you!
Sounds like living inMexico
Stop misleading those you wish to lead and do your job. And no, misleading is not your job.
Ex-Senator, you were supposed to be working on this. Oh, resist...no work.
Yea breaking apart familys that aren't supposed to be here
Then pass a law
There's always the dreaded "Except"! That of which makes them not American!
@potus put the ball in your court. Knowing that #Senate hasn't done anything over past 10 years. America has very little faith in government
As a Maryland Voter please continue 2 fight 2 protect #Dreamers.
It's not ending #DACA, it's making it legal.  No path to citizenship is not a reward for #DACA.  Congress must act and make it legal.
Dreamers are American, except they're not. Mmmmkayyyy.
I am a constituent and I agree. I expect you to fight for them.
They are mexicos responsibility not ours. If they come here legally then we can help them.
What are you doing for the ones in need who are US citizens? In particular those in need.
Then you shoulda took care of #DREAMers when you had supermajority+WH. You REFUSED. Please stop whining about your failure like you care.
The "immigration status" makes them lawbreakers in a country that was built on laws. "Except" is a very very large word.
Anyone supporting would have to be completely devoid of character. What? Oh I forget.
Stop complaining and do something about it. #DoYourJob
Then pass a law You could have when you had control
So also 13million children living in abject poverty. The Homeless vets, the  over 56 million  living  in poverty and over 2 million homeless
You must be kidding.
Fix it!
Do you not know the word..consequences? I learned that as a child, you misbehave, there are consequences. Your heart is bleeding, get to ER
And you will vote to pay them.
Cause they  America soooo much right  
BTW this Beautiful California Dreamers  #DACArepeal
Quit complaining and go do your job.  You are wasting time complaining.
So do your job and pass a law that allows them a path to citizenship!   CONGRESS creates LAWS...  Not the POTUS!
Get off Twitter and do your job then!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump  please, please, please STOP WITH ALL THIS WINNING. 
#SARCASM
#RESIST
Just getting started 
America is waking up! 
Lets get a plan in place to make them and their families go through the proper channels to become legal citizens.
But ending and destroying the lives of our veterans with your LIES about fixing the VA is quite alright correct Senator?
Your fake outrage is hilarious.  Congress makes the law, do your job Senator.
You as a career politician should have done something about it before but you failed and now you are blaming Trump, sad very sad.
Yes, just like the middle class that you don't give two hoots about. You worry about DACA but not American citizens. Americans first!
Then #DoYourJob
Dreamers are Americans in every way*
FTFY
#DreamAct
House GOP just failed on Dream Act. I hope the Senate will do better.
This isn't a "will" issue, it's an "already is" issue. Each day Congress waits is another day that dreamers consider going underground
hey Ben -- get on board and as a member of Congress do something about it other than whine and grandstand.  Seize the moment - why U R There
Illegal immigrants are in direct violation of the constitution. We refuse to join an unlawful cause
