My brother-in-law and his family had to move out of your state MD due to the danger, drugs and filth. This is what you prioritize?
#DACA have no criminal records by definition. And they provide MD with $509M in GDP/YR on avg.

Also: it's humane.
The law is the law. Emotional BS doesn't impress anyone. Legal immigration works. Illegal immigration doesn't.
They were brought here without consent as children and are as American as you or I. But you don't really believe "the law is the law."
B/C if tomorrow the law is changed to give amnesty to all undocumented aliens, like Reagan did, you won't be happy.
All of a sudden it will be abt your "emotional BS."

But prove me wrong. Let's work 2gether 2give them amnesty & a path to earn citizenship.
And by the way, being "humane" isn't "emotional BS" it's being human. It's one foundation of our laws, actually.

Only Nazis didn't value it
Slavery was legal.
The Holocaust was legal.
Forced child labor was legal.
Women as chattel was legal.

There's more to it than "the law."
All opposition to DACA is baseless, not the other way around.
waste of time, EO's can be rescinded by the president. Get legislation passed that will fix the problem.
politicians need to stop the bs grandstanding and do some work
Waste of our MD tax $.
Actually it's money well spent. Removing #DACA from MD would cost the state about $509M annually in lost GDP:
Thank you for the information.
You are wasting taxpayer dollars, and you know it. It was an EO. Illegal aliens have no right to the outcome of an unconstitutional EO.
You're a traitor
Thank you for standing up for the most vulnerable among us.
An Attorney General should have read (and understood) the Constitution.  You are a shame.
What a waste of money. Your wrong. Drop the suit.

#GOP #Democrats #immigration #RationalHumansUS #NonSelfishUS #CaringForUSKids #DACA #immigrationreform @BarackObama @HillaryClinton
pls consider the red underlined words (spelling errors) to be highlighted for attention.. if msg doesn't make sense for you, RTWT to others
Just helps us weed out the politicians that need to be voted out of office. Obviously Frosh is to stupid to grasp the big picture.
It should read "too," not "to." Elementary school lessons. #saveDACA #MDisforLiberals #saveDACA  Thank you #MDAttornyGeneral @BrianFrosh
I will try to remember that when I am driving my $150K AMG. Being a grammar Nazi accomplished what ? What is your networth? #NoFucksGiven 
And yet, you cared enough to reply.
So what you're saying is you'd rather protect the rights of foreigners over #Americans. DO NOT INSULT LEGAL AMERICANS INTELLIGENCE!

Taking jobs from American's! Send these criminals home and lower the unemployment rates all at the same time. #DACA #MAGA #Trump2020
Thanks for standing up for MD immigrant families & the Constitution!
Quite the contrary. This attorney general has never read the Constitution. He is not qualified for that position.
HAHAHAHA!

You have zero legal standing
Why are you suing @POTUS?  Congress is the group that has failed here, he’s only told Congress to do their job.
Your breaking the Law Brian ! You and your cronies need to resign
Once again you prove to be an AG who prioritizes people & the law over personal gain. The same can't be said for Sessions.
Blah, blah, blah, be honest, it's all about the MOOLAH you HYPOCRITE........
So glad! Thankyou!
Good man. Trump shouldn't be allowed to do this. Why take away people from their homes they've built here?

If they had those, they wouldn't be OK with breaking the law.
Great, why doesnt your office file a motion to impeach him?
For what ?
#idiot, DACA is an unconstitutional and illegal administrative policy from your messiah Obama. So you waste my tax $$ on abetting crime?
These people bring millions into the economy and don’t even get any benefits wtf are you talking about?
And they have stolen millions in benefits and opportunities from citizens and LEGAL immigrants over their time here, so save your BS.
My parents took 10 years to emigrate here LEGALLY to escape Hitler, so keep your BS.
Well your parents obviously didn’t care about you as much as these Mexican immigrants care about their kids
I was born in the US of LEGAL immigrant parents. This not in any way like DREAMers. Are you too stupid to understand that difference?
Dreamers had better parents who knew it would be best to migrate here so their children could have better lives
See This Man #Denouncing #DACA as #Unlawful! #Unconstitutional
With that response shouldn't the government sue each recipient for break our laws. Why have laws? Obama stated he was breaking the law.
What's illegal for reversing an illegal decision    Go to work and fix it not shove it to years in the courts. Go earn your pay/be replaced
I'd rather see your office do things because it's the right thing, instead of for political reasons. Probably too soon to be asking for it.
DACA is unconstitutional.
Instead of that why doesn't Congress do its job and do proper legislation
Thank you.
Ugh you people need to get a life , the law covers this entire mess . Lets get back to our constitution .w/o it you wouldn't have a job.
Embarrassed & ashamed that you continue to waste MD tax money on lawsuits. Kids in Baltimore City can't read or do math. $ could help them!
Waste of tax payer dollars and time, stop the political grandstanding
Why is MD's AG protecting the gangs who sell drugs and commit a lot of violence in our schools? http://goo.gl/jUvxbk  #daca #mdpolitics
So a president rescinds an executive order that was fiat not law and you sue?
The irony of using the law to protect people from being prosecuted for breaking the law.
Well done. Some of us wondered why the delay. This is important.
Thank you!
@Pinche_Pi Thank you!
#recoverytransformation #sheltermakeover womenNchildren N recovery together healing together what we can do together we could never do apart
@kevinkamenetz You're both an embarrassment
Go Md do the right thing! !!!
People, local govt, Congress, Senate needs to follow & enforce laws which legislators already made before making new laws (not to follow).
The U.S. spends about $12,000 per year to educate each #DACA child in public school. 800,000 kids! That's $9,600,000,000 annually! #MAGA
Did you know... Unlawful immigrant households receive about $24,721 in government benefits while paying just $10,334 in taxes? #DACA NO FAIR
Brian Frosh you rock!  Thank you from a proud Marylander!
@dtmgmoco makes me proud to be a Marylander. Thanks for doing the correct thing.
The correct thing is to ignore the Const, file silly lawsuits, and protect criminals who are selling drugs in our schools? Fail. #repealdaca
Thank you!
Thank you from this Marylander!!
Why do you want more stopgaps and deferments, instead of real permanent legislation?
Thanks, @BrianFrosh. We Marylanders appreciate you protection of  #DACA
Thank You Sir
Keep up the great work doing battle with the bloated Orange parasite.
Thank you!
Maybe you should file suit to obama for not making it permanent?
Maybe the GOP should have cooperated with the Democrats in passing an immigration reform law for Obama to sign to make reform permanent.
Proud to live in MD! Keep fighting for justice!
Justice would be to deal with these criminals who are selling drugs in our schools and committing violence. http://goo.gl/jUvxbk  #daca
Thank you for standing for American & Maryland values!
Ignoring the Constitution is a Maryland value? Pathetic and sad.
Wasting your time. DACA was and illegal EO Obama even admitted that fact.
One more time, in English this time.
Why isn't MA in on this, @MassGovernor ?
Thank you from this MD pastor!
Excellent

You mean they are known for their high crime rate, right? http://goo.gl/jUvxbk  #daca #repealdaca #illegalimmigrants
You're filing action for suspending an unconstitutional program created by the previous president?
Thank you.
So proud to be a Marylander today! #DACA
Thank you.
Nice way to use tax payer $ to get re-elected! DACA isn't fair for others who want to come here LEGALLY. End DACA now, arrest & deporr
@darionavarro111 Double thank you!!
Finally! What took you so long?
@riotwomennn I've been following you since my 20s....I'm 59. It's about time I thanked you for your service.  THANK YOU BRIAN!!!
Go ahead and piss away your money just like you do on illegals.
Immigrants, both legal & illegal, are a net economic benefit to the USA, according to business site Bloomberg.
You kick butt! Proud to live in Maryland!
Thank you, Mr. Frosh! I'm proud to be a Marylander. #DefendDACA
Big fucken deal!
How many Tsarnaev brothers from "Muslim brotherhood" signed your filled suit mr. Frosh?
good for you, hope court rule in states favour, and criticize Trump, for trying to cancel DACA, illegally.
Wow, wake up!  DACA was done illegally. Obama even admitted doing by EO wasn't proper but Congress wouldn't play ball so just did it by EO
You cannot approve franchise license and create jobs like you should be doing but you can make frivolous lawsuits.
I hope you loose badly. Lawyers have one thing in common. Vipers
You make me proud to be a Maryland resident.
Good luck with eso  amigo
right on
Doesn't one need "standing" to file suit?
For as much as this lawsuit will cost, you could have sponsored several children for years. Drop the BS and donate. Man up
You are wasting tax dollars, time and energy...cant wait to see you laughed out of court.
Learn the law...EO's can be pulled by the President at any time.  Waste of time and tax payer money.  You will lose.
Stop wasting my tax money on the anti-Trump crap.  How many states need to file suit.  Can't one file suit and the others save tax dollars?
How can you sue the President for the laws passed by congress? I thought there was 3 seperate branches of gov't? Wasting taxpayers money!
Wow. Please educate yourself on what is going on before you go on Twitter and make a fool out of yourself, K?
What is going on is that DACA is not Constitutional. #libfails #daca #repealdaca #illegalimmigrants
TODAY: @BrianFrosh, along with all the other communist traitors, asks the American people to vote him out of office with his stupidity.

Waste more $
Thank you.
Thank you Brian.
Why don't you join the American people?
Says the troll with zero tweets and followers. ^^Block the troll.
The only troll is you, with your fake name and multiple sock puppets.
Thank you. I ask that you continue to make Maryland part of the fight against Trump's divisive actions harming people & the environment.
Lol going to be tough ....lots of us voted trump
Thank you #MDAttornyGeneral @BrianFrosh. On a day full of bad news, you gave us some good. People with souls will prevail. #saveDACA #DACA
I'm with trump on this
Thank you!!
Loser suit moron. Obama action on daca unconstitutional
I'm sorry but could you state the court case that ruled DACA as being unconstitutional? Because I can't find it any where.
Outstanding 
Maybe if Congress would do their jobs and pass some legislation, this wouldn't be necessary!
Your frivolous lawsuit has no merit
Stop wasting our tax dollars !!its an unconstitutional executive order !! #politicalposturing
Thank you from this Maryland resident.
You're such an incredible douche!  #MAGA #DrainTheSewer
Nice
So now we are filing lawsuits against the Potus to help illegals? And what Obama did was not ok, he couldn't write the law, congress does!
Which 800,000 are you talking about? 741,546 (88%) were approved, 60,269 (7%) were denied, and 43,121 (5%) were pending

Thanks you!!  I am proud to be from Maryland!! #DACA
Me too!
Not everyone wants bozos like this around..we do not appreciate being embarrassed time&time again by these law breaking constitution haters
Prepare to be voted out.
Great way to waste tax $$ and time that could be spent ENFORCING the LAW - what a novel concept for you tho
Thanks for wasting our money on illegal immigration. #EndDACA
Glad to see this! Thank you!
Disappointing. Maryland has been run by dems forever and just keeps on going down hill.I guess it's okay for certain people to break the law
Go on. How do you use the law to attack the President for defending the Constitution? Are you asserting a legal right to violate it? Silly!
Well, even Obama wasn't really a constitutional genius.  Look how many times the Supreme Court swatted his silly EO's down.
Obama was a tragedy. The other tragedy was Romney. Not only a meritless alternative but presumably took bribes to let Obama win uncontested.
I was disappointed in Romney's lack of aggressiveness.  I can't speak to any bribes and would need to see documented proof.
Proof? Never happen. Reasonable explanation for his ceasing to campaign a month out from Election Day - then going full libtard vs Trump.
As I remember it, Superstorm Sandy hit before the election, & Romney allowed Obama to capitalize on it, unlike Trump & the Louisiana floods.
Thank you for standing up for Dreamers.
Thank you for your support.
Thank you Maryland!
Thank you
Thank you for your service, sir!
Thank you for standing up for all of us!
Thank you
You don't understand the law at all or are just simply playing politics.   You need to be FIRED.
In Maryland, AG is an e-lec-ted po-si-tion, so he cannot be fir-ed.
I know that, that it was I mean, fired by the voters.   Really should be tried for treason as he associates with a terrorist group in CASA.
Thank You 
