We must act. Automatic weapons aren't needed to hunt deer or ducks; they're meant to kill people – and they do far too often in this country 
People are literally dying right now and you want to talk about this! Stop grandstanding! Time now for mourning & prayer!
Prayer without action is empty and trite. Faith without works is dead.
Automatic weapons are illegal ! It's not logical to make laws criminals r not gonna abide by! Ppl that want to kill will anyway they can
Some states they are legal.
Thanks 4 the correction. I don't think taking more protection away from ppl will help! And my 4 the ppl who lost their lives &. Injured
Passing common sense gun regulation isn't taking anything away from responsible gun owners. Gun owner's rights stop where my nose begins.
U can't pass out common sense to ppl that's  slid off there cracker! They will get weapons with or without laws!
And this.
Shame on you. Those injured/killed aren't political talking points. 

Today I'm ashamed to call you my Senator.
Criminals don't buy guns from gun stores or submit to background checks. Crazy people are just that. Neither care at all what law you write!
Thank you, Senator. Some common sense from Maryland.
Lol ok
You are trying to turn a national tragedy into a political advantage. Shame on you!!!
What a loon!!
Like not taking up the Globalist talking points and promoting violence and sedition? That would be effective.
Thank you Senator
Agreed. It's time for Congress & the administration to commit to concrete steps, not an endless cycle of hollow condolences, then inaction.
THAT'S Comma Sense
Maryland Voter; Gun owner, & Veteran I believe we need 2 treat Gun ownership the same as Car ownership; Training, licensing, & registration.
Hey dummy automatics are illegal now!
Well tell us your plan that guarantees all Americans safety ???
Second amendment is not about hunting deer or ducks. What happen in Vegas was a tragedy. Is this really the time for this.
Please tell us what law would have stopped the massacre in Vegas. Liberal logic is ridiculous.
Chicago has the toughest gun laws in the country and the most murders. Blood still running in the streets and you  politicize their death.
I'm very sure that the weapon(s) this idiot used are already outlawed, Senator. Next idea?
Morons in our government, talking out of their asses. They have been contaminated with oral diarrhea virus!
Maryland mothers stand behind you in supporting gun control. This must stop - we need your leadership & action.
Senator Ben Cardin white checkmark moron. You're the definition of politicians not being good at anything except winning elections.
If more law abiding citizens were armed, pretty soon, law abiding citizens would be all that remain.
neither will banning guns that have already been banned. Guns don’t shoot people, people do. Prayer changes people!
2nd amendment you need a copy of the Constitution? #left 
People kill people......don’t need a gun!!!
Good luck, sir. Americans who have guns is at a high of 48%. And, the GOP has no interest... just prayers.
Please don’t back down Senator Cardin!  Please help to enact this change!
WE HAVE TO ACT NOW!!!!
Introduce gun control legislation NOW!
Nope
I agree 100%! We should ban fully automatic rifles for hunting. I'll bet the NRA will even sign on to that..except in case of zombie attack!
Bullshit. Underlying hate and mental health conditions need to be pinpointed and resolved. Start with hateful media dialogue
#NRA #MAGA  #LasVegasShooting #GUNviolence #guncontrol #GunLaws #guncontrolnever #GunControlNow #gunsafety
rules for radicals never let a good crisis go to waste
#NRAownsTheGOP
What is wrong with you.  Don't play to the ignorant.
your hate speech. Don't even know the law.  Resign
#WhatAreYouPreparedToDo???
If your first response to this horrific situation, to politicize deaths of innocents, maybe you should get on your knees & pray for a soul.
Uh...it is sad you were able to be elected to office.  Please, research before you post.  I am embarrassed for you. 
Typical politician. Let's politicize a tragedy hours after it takes place!
wow, another clueless politician.
Your wrong about the prayer, we need to change people's hearts
Or how about no?
NOT TAKING MY GUNS I'M SHOOTING BACK DUMB ASS RETIRE FOOL. JOIN @NRA AMERICA GET TRAINING DEFEND YOUR FAMILY YOURSELF FROM HARM DEATH
What?
guns don't kill people asshats do that
What are you advocating to stop our carnage in Baltimore? 5 more this weekend with close to 270 homicides since January.
why dont you say a prayer instead of making everthing into a political issue#SAD
The gun was already banned. Would you like to ban them again? You can DOUBLE BAN them!! That'll show em!
Duh
You do not stop carnage with laws. The criminals will not follow any laws.
My daughter's best friend is among the victims. Fully automatic weapons are already illegal. #Ignorance
Real action?  Real action was taken over 30 years ago by CONGRESS! Do your research!
AUTOMATIC WEAPONS ARE ILLEGAL.
Mr. Senator, your lack of knowledge or current US law is appalling, and using a national tragedy to grand stand is sickening. What will you do next, use this to file impeachment of President Trump?  You make me physically ill.
our 2nd amendment is not meant for hunting. The govt cannot infringe upon our right to bear arms to protect ourselves/property.
Correct! Pass National Reciprocity today! #2ADefenders
It astounds me that you have no hesitation to use a tragedy for political gain. We have to vote this guy out.
How do you know prayers don't save people? You think your God now?
Criminals use these weapons to kill people. Criminals don't care about laws so your just preventing innocent people from protecting themself
Besides no need for new laws because these are already illegal. See your laws don't prevent this.
Predicable idiot!
Let me know when you outlaw blacks in Chicago.
Fast & Furious typical example. Why isn't Eric Holder brought up on charges? Found in contempt of Congress. Democrat outrage? Narrative? No?
Weapons that was used in massacre was modified from semi-auto to full automatic weapons.
What are you proposing?
What criminal do you know obeys gun laws Senator? Need better law enforcement that's been lacking for 8 yrs. Democrat failure.
If you outlaw guns only outlaws will have them and you right benny
Shameless... no shelving the agenda for respect.  Must use victims immediately to advance agenda
NEWSFLASH: Automatic weapons are already ILLEGAL. Duh.
Yes, Dems should act "Fast & Furious" to control the guns getting into the hands of bad guys...
Gee.  Maybe they could pass common sense laws against mass murder.  That would have stopped him
Thank u sir for standing up.  Problem is @GOP has blood money from NRA. #GunControlNow
Stopping Guns won't help. If someone wants to kill there are plenty of ways. Truck, Knives and maybe a baseball bat.
FYI Genius:  weapon used was full auto, which has been banned since May 19,1986. More laws wouldnt have stopped this.  STOP political  now.
Is there not an ban on automatic weapons already?   #dumbasssenator
If a current senator doesn’t know that automatic weapons are already illegal then what others laws is he ignorant of?
It actually expired in 2004.
Still heavily regulated.
Maryland thanks you
For what? Misinformation?
Hopefully by supporting gun control laws

You applaude a senator who doesn’t know automatic weapons are already illegal! WOW. Stupid is as stupid does
Can we just ban democRats?
You r  a disgrace to Maryland. Please resign today.
another bottom feeder.
