Nike to purchase Under Armour ?
When you dropped Trump, a lot of guys at our club dropped UA, we will not support UA because we feel your company is divisive.
Trophy Hunters enjoy the kill this makes them PSYCHOPATHS. Your endorsing this & your emotional deadness will affect your kids!
You need to learn what Michael Jordan said   Quote  republicans buy my shoes also   What s great man
Under Armour why are you having a traitor represent you? He is complicit because he takes Russian money from his client...

#BoycottUnderArmour
Are you going to stop murdering our wildlife in the name of sport??  Can you not find another pastime?  It's barbaric !
So proud to be your follower and customer
That's okay. Your stuff isn't made here anyway. And yes, I wear your stuff.
I behave in the manner expected of me. I am obedient and therefore I have the right to be left in peace.
You should've stuck it out. Weak move.
He's stepping down because his company is crumbling.  You can't get to the top if you're always chasing your competitors heels.
#NeverUnderArmour
Your stepping down did not show love of Country; it showed a coward who would not work with our President to get things done.
Any1 who doesnt support our LEGALLY elected Pres Trump.. Will be BOYCOTTED.  We all 63+M love our Pres. Trump.  Hillary is NOT R President.
Would say your delusional but you already know that.
Nice to be a mindless follower Kevin Plank - did you always get bullied? Time to switch to a non-PC manufacturer. Good riddance! #MAGA
Thank you Mr. Plank. It's difficult to figure out what will make someone like Forrest Trump stand up and take notice.
Bahahaha.
horrible plank
Boycotting your products. Goodbye.
Good. Work on your lousy stock price
I will boycott Under Armour!  DOSE NOT SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT!  Continue the good fight POTUS!!
Well, you just lost about 60 million people who would have purchased your items, going political is foolish.
Burning my UnderArmour today walking away doesn't make you political correct , makes you a hypocrite to the Americans who voted Trump
I need some underwear, usually I'd just go buy whatever pack of boxer briefs costco has... but today I'm a get some UA.  Thanks Mr Plank.
This country needs more people—individuals, corporate heads, politicians—to call out @realDonaldTrump's divisive acts. Directly. By name.
Hello @Nike and goodbye to #weakleadership
Pres Trump is a great man. Don't own any of your crap and never will.
@eyecatcherspot at least somebody has some type of sense
please stay out of politics! you are not qualfied! operating a great company is your job
A PATRIOT, thank you. Trump wasn't going to listen to the Councils anyway. Cause he thinks he knows more than GOD. Help the USA

When CEOs are more concerned with taking on POTUS than doing what is right for their stockholders, their stock and the market will fall.

Apparently the kitchen got too hot for #KevinPlank. He could have helped the country MORE by staying on the committee. Instead, he #Caved.
Great I'm burning all my under armour clothes and never buying them again.
Thought about it, and I think the best way I can say thanks to Kevin Plank for doing the right thing is subscribing to @myfitnesspal premium
Stupid move bud.
You're stepping down because that chip on your shoulder is pushing you down.
#UnderArmor
PEOPLE. This guy. Plank ! is a fucking trophy hunter!   Fuck him and his poxy t shirts
I Know Why You Stepped Down From The Council. Don't Try To Make Yourself Look So Patriotic! It Was't HELPING You Sell Your Products! 
CEO claims company engages in sports not politics...in his politically motivated ststement.... #BlahBlahBlah ... @SenatorCardin
Thank you for doing the right thing, I love your product and stopped shopping there because of the council. I'm excited to go back and shop!
Can't be much of a leader if you back out with any controversy. Done buying your products.
Neither me my or my family Will not do business with you anymore disgusting #racebaiting company shame on you #communist company #MAGA 
you were quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
You are a coward Mr Plank! 63 million people voted for @realDonaldTrump and we still support him
Sorry to hear you have sold out to the left.. I liked your products but will no longer buy them...
You are a disappointment to all hardworking Americans. You should resign the co. and take the time off to read the US Constitution.
Stock prices are dropping already! #BoycottUnderArmour
/  coward,
No more Under Armor. Remember Keapernic
Nice liberal anti american move fool.  My compeny spends a ton on money on your products, well spent never again.
Is this a statement of principle against hate and bigotry or a commercial?
Mr Plank, you can count me out of any under armour products, when it got tough, you left! Baaaaak baaaaak baaak not fixing the problem
Amen and thank you!!!
I will be returning my under armour shoes. I will not support a company so weak to give into politics.
Is it safe to say that you now regret your previous statement that Trump is "a real asset for our country"?
Bravo - maybe the Republicans of Congress will follow your lead.  But I doubt it.  That would require growing a spine overnight.
Decency before $ means I'll spend my $ on @UnderArmour proudly
Kevin plank is a total loser and has driven stocks down the last couple of years , council better off with out him , step down as CEO
1-Stepping down IS political! 2-Is this ur way saving face w/ur cow-.@StephenCurry30? Due 2 UA delve n2 politics I no longer buy UA! 1/2
With talk comes consequences. Drove right by UA store today when I would have stopped prior to ur delve n2 politics. 2/2
Cut, run, and turn your back when it might look bad for you image- thankfully no longer feel obligation to buy your lame kicks #adidasBoost
Doesn't sound like "you don't do politics", this was purely political
The price in China is very high！！！You should learn from NIKE！
You send jobs to China and do not denounce
Bandana wearing Antifa people who brought
rocks,feces,urine to engage violently.
Thank you!
Ooops
Well Kevin, I have enjoyed your products, but sad to say that I will be stepping down from them & no longer buying your product.
Respect for UA with this move, thank you Mr. Kevin Plank
you were quoted in a story by @nytimes
Shoulda been done months ago!  U have a LOT of work 2 do 2 regain my $ havent bought ur prod. since u joined and normalized RACIST IN CHIEF
Just remembered all the money you got from Baltimore city democrats. Your a joke.
Hope the far left,like buying your clothes.Cause 50%of American won't.
You stepped down because you are afraid of getting backlash from the media and the  far left, no guts.
This is an obvious ploy. Why even join the council, you KNEW his rhetoric! FAKE virtue signaling, pure MONEY GRAB by @UnderArmour . #MAGA
Trump disavowed Nazis, have you disavowed Antifa and Communist violence?
So, in the spirit of diversity, you're going to be encouraging a 'Whites only' basketball league right? I mean, exclusion IS diversity to U
If you wanted to stay out of politics, quit shoveling this 'diversity' garbage at us... Sports not political until you made them that way.
That's the last $30 t-shirt I buy from you guys... #MAGA #UnderArmourCuckExecutiveOfficer. Trump and the USA are done with your ilk.
I guess that's the last $30 t-shirt I buy from you guys... #MAGA #UnderArmourCuckExecutiveOfficer. Trump and the USA are done with your ilk.
Thank you
Big mistake. I have a lot of your gear that will no longer be worn & zero new items will be purchased.
I support our president
Take your ball and go home when it gets tough. Wimp
Who cares
We will make sure we don't purchase Under Armor wear!
I know u have been harassed by whiners. Make any business decision you wish. Increasing jobs & fixing economy WAS a noble worthy effort
Good. No room for whiny little snowflakes...
You sir, are a disgrace. A CEO can't draw the distinction between his legal business responsibilities and his pers. opins. No profit for u.
Thank you for taking a stand!
You turned your back on the country by not supporting @POTUS against the lying media. No more Under Armor products. @POTUS-#MAGA
Your stock has tanked the last year, you'll be back.
"Power of sport"? Is that where thugs can go murder people and get by with it?
you can try and make yourself sound like you care..you could have stayed and showed how to work together-you talk sports but your a quitter
Ha you are a PC coward I am ashamed to own some of your crap clothing. Never again though!!!
Even happier now with my investment in @UnderArmour now
Well done 
I'm sorry u have no loyalty &so quick to judge! My family &friends join me in boycotting your products! I'm sad that u r siding w/the left.
You had a seat at the adults table where you were in a position to influence things but you choked, looser. I just sold your stock!!
Thank you! My kids love @UnderArmour now I'm going your products for myself regularly and  encourage my family and friends to do the same.
You may love this country but apparently not American workers because you've helped replace them with cheaper foreign workers.
When will you denounce this rhetoric as hate filled too?  Maybe white customers are expendable?
Good for you. Hopefully others continue to follow suit.
I love my country sir but your cowardice in the face of false narrative from MSM forces me to stop buying ur products.Pres denounced Nazis.
@pouts told the truth, there were guilty on both sides! ANTIFA & BLM started the attacks. No more purchases from your company
If you turn your back on our @POTUS then I must turn my back on you and your products! #BoycottUnderArmour
I had stopped buying yr products since you hoined the council under trump. I and friends I informed will buy again. Thanks for standing up
you're in bed w far left agenda that wants to take power from American people. Shame on you for quiting the council.
Thank you
coward I'll never buy your product again. Your decision is clearly political & you're trying to embarrass & sabatoge @POTUS #RT
You're a day late and a dollar short. You should have done thus MONTHS ago
It is so gratifying when the CEO of a company whose products I use, does the right thing. Respect!
Coward.  Never buying Under Armour again.




When u guys received "blowback," I supported u & ur product. NOT ANYMORE. Because of ur decision I will abandon u too, like u are to POTUS!

Coward!
Another coward Corp CEO elite who never supported Trump. Hope @POTUS publicly attacks corporations undermining our election @FoxBusiness
Too late. You thought he was an asset. now that you worry POC will stop buying your crap you now want to leave. Where were ur morals before?
thank you so much. This means a lot to the American people
thank you thank you thank you!!!! I can start buying @UnderArmour again!
You, sir, are a coward. No more of your product in my house. Ever.
I'll B buying someone else's brand now & telling friends. Ur CEOs a coward. @potus blamed both sides correctly.  Antifa & left wins again. 
Wow very strong for a guy/CO that manufactures  in foreign countries. #hypocrites #ConfederateStatues #CEOs #Charlottesville
A man who stands up for his beliefs ...I applaud you ....
I love our president. I wear UA. Everyone who wears Under Armour: your same shoes will be worn to TRUMP RALLIES! LOL!!
Will boycott u
I think YOU ARE the RACISTBIGOT 4 dumping your assistance to the betterment of economic development in our country. #ShameOnYou
Hypocrite. Why do you support cop murdering BLM?
Won't buy your products anymore. Both sides are disgusting!!
As a former @UnderArmour print model representative, I am grateful and proud of you Mr. Plank.. thank you for your decision!!
No longer purchasing UA..you made my shopping political
The only thing the CEO did was rob the American worker of a voice in the President's ear. You are not leaders, you are cowards. ~Shareholder
Ivanka should resign as First Daughter
Thank you
you, and your company has now chosen its fate, say good bye to white america $$$,,   all my UA garments are being burned and never replaced
so u are or are NOT resigning based on @POTUS statements? Ridiculous if you are resigning & there's no ambiguity in what he said.
I won't support a Co that plays politics & supports a disastrous double standard. A company that thinks holding all accountability bad.
You've been had.MSM continues2get passes on untruthful, biased reporting re: Leftist destruction& President's TRUE  REPEATED DENUNCIATION
I expect you to take all your merchandise w/American flags and honoring troops out of stores cause ur product doesn't deserve to honor them.
Thank you Mr. Plank #iwill
Go jump in a lake White-haters.  Trump did nothing wrong. Antifa/BLM are violent.
Boycott the cowards @underarmour. Send a message to the liberal bullies.
I will never shop your company again.
Well TY for clarifying things for us. Now we will #BoycottUnderArmour
Done n done already
My pocketbook just rewarded u. Just bought a UA Atlantic Shoals sweatshirt to thank U for standing up to racist Trump!
There is no place not to refund some ones hard earned dollars either but that is what you have done
boycott under armour :)
oh bull. this is just a vain attempt to bounce back a company whose stock has plummeted in the last year or so.
You made it about politics by stepping down. Should've stayed for US jobs. I was buying UA only, but time to switch to Asics or other
Please dissociate your coward brand from Wounded Warrior Project. I like your products but now I won't buy them.  You are a coward.
All because he condemned both sides?  This is ANTIFA?  Friends of yours?
Thank you @UnderArmour
Weak message, you don't even really say why you are leaving. I don't mind you staying at the table, but you should denounce Trump by name.
Kevin plank great move you got the America moral's support behind you !

"Now let's make America military uniforms in USA GREAT AGAIN! 
#353
Kevin Plank, you're a traitor to the US who got rich off the backs of communist Chinese labor. I hope the violent left eats you! #CivilWar
As a buyer of your product I have made my last purchase of @UnderArmour . Highly disappointed in your decision. Blame is on both sides.
America is watching with our own eyes and we are seeing who is misrepresenting our president.
Seeking donations or a discount for 12 shoes. https://www.gofundme.com/balancethefield 
U abandoned Trump b/c he told the truth takes 2 to fight & only 1 had permit to protest #boycottunderarmour
This is a cowardly statement. MSM turns up volume, ignores the alt-left thugs, attacks @POTUS & Plank takes a dive. UA is off my buy list.
My family and I will NOT buy your products until you apologize.  Know the facts, before you act.
Trump is 100% correct. Don't act like a child. Why not help 30 million people living in slavery today?
Thank you!
Bravo to #KevinPlank for standing up for #Equality #inclusion #America
your #fauxoutrage is quite transparent, or you one of the imbeciles who truly believes POTUS is a Nazi Sympathizer?
You ran away in the face of #fakenews.  #boycottUnderArmour
Spoken like a true coward. If you want to make changes get back in there and contribute. You sir are a coward.
Coward
It's weird that a private company would have a problem with Communists being placed in the same category as racists.
I am completely done with UA!
In this time of need American needs heroes to fight those who wish to destroy the USA. You failed that test. Go home. We will do the rest.
Your actions support American values rejecting racism and bigotry that our president legitimized.  Under Armour is my choice of product now!
Thanks for speaking up! Already a fan but even more so now!!!
