This is a joke, right...?
Since 1947 at best.
Since 1775, you say? Except all branches of the military were segregated until 1948. Also, sexual assaults are RAMPANT. AND, the near-compulsory christianity is unconstitutional. You’ve got problems you refuse to address, General-baby. Don’t be tooting your horn around here
Kind of disingenuousness, general, considering the army’s history.
@marcylauren Liar!  The army, as virtually all military groups, have a history of segregation.
Thank you
Tell that to your Commander in Chief
1775? Really?? Before the abolition of slavery?? If you do care about tolerance please show it with actions, rather than telling us the problem has already been solved since the 1700s
What about sexism and homophobia?
Really?
That is not true.  Take a look at the California National Guard.  The National Guard maintained a deregulated pay policy that segregated blacks and whites.  No one talks about it.
#BlackHistoryMonth There is no remedy for institutional discrimination in the US military.  Nobody’s talking about a watershed event or an unresolved pay error in the US National Guard.  Black Twitter, please start asking questions about the 1st DoD financial audit in Nov. 2018.
What is going on with the #lavenajohnson murder??? NOT acceptable!
Olá tudo bem eu perdi seu contato no horgut
. @ArmyChiefStaff - I'd check Twitter feeds if I were you. It seems rampant from some in the ranks.
I am so disgusted by the decision that has endangered our loved Military of the judge that let Bergdahl free. There is no excuse for this. We must purge Obama holdovers to keep our men & women safe.
Yes, nor should we tolerate ISIS, or the weakening of our Military done under OBAMA! LGBT is no place for military readiness or to see if it will work! Obama didn't allow, and only sabotaged Trump in the end. Trump is a leader we TRUST & feel SAFE with. Thank you for not being PC
Unfortunately your ‘commander in chief’ feels otherwise
Right thought. Wrong date.
In the future the year 2258 General #DonovanKnight fights to save mankind @MilitaryTimes  @USATODAY @USArmySHARP
Yes, racism is bad. But killing innocent people is good right? I think you're greatly confused .... @JulianAssange @JulianBurnside
You have no clue do you ... 
Most of those innocent lives are on the people running the countries that we are engaged in.
Sir, your picture is being used to try to scam people! This person says he is you and working in the UN! Using Frank Milley!
like during the Indian Wars?
It tolerates rape hazing & attacks on newer, younger  FEMALE soldiers.
Thank you for telling the truth, General Milley.
How have you been received by the WH?  You are on opposite sides of the fence, as evidenced by their collective racism.
Marvelous! When are you bringing them to West Virginia? I'll wait.
proud of our men and women in uniform!
No.... be honest. You mean since 1949 and the Korean Conflict. But I wholly agree, in principle, with the statement.
glad to know you agree with President Trump who soundly denounced the White Supremacist group twice!
Good..then you do not support BLM, Terriost group Antfia, KKK, all groups started and supported by DNC..
NO trust in any of these obama admin. NONE OF THEM  CONDEMNED ANTIFA THUGS WHO R NOW DESIGNATED TERRIOST ORG.
Where was your rage against BLM? Black Panthers? So glad I am out of this military - I am ashamed of you. MAGA
our illigetimate president doesbt get it and he eats to BOMB NORTH KOREA :(
General, you're right person  in right place, you're real American and that's America spirit,God bless  America.
Thank you for speaking up,standing up for ALL of the nation's people. WE needed to hear it.
Don't forget the thousands of #MilitaryBrats who grew up in the integrated military community. (Brat from '51-'68) Best life-lesson ever.
Sounds like a lie that historical records could clear up,  but ok...
Tell Trump no!
In my experience, naval officers are among the most bigoted group outside of the KKK, etc. (I was Air Force).
Does this apply to @USArmy Capt. #JenniferPeace a #transgender woman w/ 13 yrs of military service, 2 combat tours. #American #hero #patriot
Yes !  ... Period !
Tell it to your commander in chief sir.
General, you know that you have the obligation to to not follow unlawful or immoral orders. Stand your ground & protect the Army from Trump
Talk to ghe dumpster about that.  Your so- called commander in tweet.
Really?! Tell that to the black soldiers during the civil war, WWI, WWII, etc. 
I call bs, I served 9 1/2yrs and seen plenty of all the above and rarely anything done +gang bangers in mass
Hmmm. Nice thought, but untrue. When did the Army integrate? 1948, not 1775. Truth matters.
Tell your boss then.... #actionsSpeakLouderthanWords
I was in the Army in the United States is lot racism inside think you need to recheck general!

Keep that in mind when your Commander in chief starts banning people from the military because of their gender identity.
Then what's with the transgender policy?
Military was slow to come around on racism & homosexuality, etc but you're doing great nowadays!
If you do not like our commander in chiefs order than retire and get out. You swore an oath to serve not to give a political statement.
Military has been racist for as long as I can remember & I served 15 HONORABLE years.
Is that why a male Soldier was allowed to STAY IN after violently attacking me? YES HE WAS FOUND GUILTY.
Army used to discriminate against all Blacks, and seems to be OK with racism & extremism against ppl in other countries.
And we should probably also remember army's major role in genocide of tens of millions of Indigenous Americans.
I thaught Black soldiers were sent on first line during Vietnam war. Wrong ?
Not quite the right year but thx for the effort.
Mr. Mark Milley.
Twitter commenters know more about the Army and racism than you. Don't get defensive. Look it up.
Thanks for your service.
Unfortunately your Commander In chief doesn't feel the same way
How do they put up with Trump as CIS?
Please explain in simple words to the Commander-in-Chief...transgender discrimination is not like "flat feet"- it's a form of extremism.
Really? You had segregation as late as 1950s
Thank you for your service 
I hope something can be done to stop this transgender ban then General.
I guess you don't count the Commander-in-Chief among your ranks, then.
@aperiotruth Then keep all transgender personnel
Thanks General!
I guess it does now.
It tolerates sweeping misogyny. The Air Force, especially, is a center of Dominionism. CBP/ICE oppress Hispanics. Bigotry all over services

Did he just let his boss out of the closet?  By his logic all pedophiles are gay.  Therefore @realDonaldTrump must be gay!
Then I would suggest you step up and grab your balls and make it known to the orange ass muppet!
Politics of the military, MIC, & shady history aside, tell @realDonaldTrump you will refuse his mandate. Get your counterparts to do same.
Well you'd best take some sort of collection action soon, General.  Your nation is going oh-so-very late Weimar Republic.
Do you still stand by this? And will you still honor these values when ordered to ban transgender folks?
You do now, considering Trump is your Commander in Chief.
That's almost 100% bullshit. Desegregation, gays weren't allowed in until the 90's and it had to be a secret, cover ups of sex assaults. BS!
@POTUS read this, over & over!
So what do you do with trumps transgender ban?  This must be stopped
Thank you, Sir. It is unacceptable that this country's Commander in Chief is unable/unwilling to acknowledge the sacrifices of our Military.
Care to revise and extend?
HOOAH!!!!!!
It's none of those things. It's a mental illness.
Thank you General !!
#StandStrong hold on to your values don't be mislead by the Bigot in the WH!
What will you do then with The transgender ban? Is that not hatred in/to your ranks sir?
There are photos of Timothy McVeigh's barracks when he was serving. Almost everyone in it had a copy of The Turner Diaries.
It is still good and proper for the Army to issue the statement it did.

And our Commander and Chief agrees 
Then the whole armed services need to unite and stand up against this ridiculous ban!
Welllllllll this should make my job extra interesting.
BRAVO, GEN MARK MILLEY. This country right now needs you to stand up for the values in the US Army since 1775.Thank you for your courage!
You are right ! Iraq war was demonstration of what your army STOOD FOR..funny American
I could point out the obvious here, but I won't.
You were saying?  https://www.wsj.com/articles/white-house-sets-rules-for-military-transgender-ban-1503534757 …   http://www.limbaughlooper2016.com/intolerance.html …
Yeah well, you do have white supremacists in your ranks.
And yet your ridiculous CIC just did EXACTLY that.
He obviously should have put a period after Values in Tweet.
Prove it by protecting women from sexual assault and keeping trans.
Does the Army tolerate treason?  'Cause there's a guy in the Oval Office who Putin owns and sold out our country.
Too bad your Commander in Chief doesn't share those same values.
Someone tell that to 45 !!!
Then have the guts to push back on this Trumped transgender ban. People who serve our country are heroes with regard to color,race, gender
Can they also not tolerate a leader who sucks ass
the army operated under a policy of racial segregation in the early 1900s. worked supply/labor jobs. sep units until the 40s.
Thank you General, I appreciate your service and the loyalty of your oath to the constitution. We might need you and others to save the USA.
While i agree with you in principle, history is not really on the military side so far as racism and sexism go. But you're making progress!
Too bad your boss does ... but thanks
Tell your boss
That's good, should take the same stance with rape and women in the Army as well.  It's well documented.
@kharyp also.... It is pretty clear now the #steeledossiser is true and he is a traitor..
.sooooooooo
THANK YOU!!!!! Please tell @POTUS. Tweet-length memo so he can read it while @foxandfriends is on commercial.
Too bad our  "United States of America" tolerates it. 
Unfortunately the President of The United States is a white supremacist and a Nazi sympathizer
America Stands With The #LGBT Community! They are Our Family Friends Neighbors Coworkers Fabric Of USA Life! DEMAND DEMOCRACY AMERICA
1948
Big HUAH there, sir! We ALL bleed red!
no choice! trump says so
Has anybody given this revelation to Tramp because I don't think he's been made aware
Thank you General Miley.
What will the ARMY stand for if trump's idiots declare a civil war or if trump decides he wants another war abroad? Where is the line ?
Amen n AMEN Chief Staff.
@Tamriel_X  Army
Again.. This doesn't say "trump is racist" they are rightly condemning racism period.. It has no place in America..
Maybe you don't understand that trump is a civilian.. He's not "in the ranks"
Wrong. His title is, President, Commander-in-Chief. Please, I understand you are a Republican, but please get some real news.

George Washington made this ABSOLUTELY and UNDENIABLY true..
Adult Prez like Truman, realize the buck stops with them, and by sending troops into combat, they, their Commander, are responsible for them
The founder of the united states of America made is clear

http://www.history.org/foundation/journal/summer12/george.cfm …

He is a civilian, and always will be..
Insubordinate to your Commander in Chief is more against what you stand for. Who trust you now?NOONE
DishonorableDischarge
Bully for you. Your job is to stand up for the Commander in Chief,  not to make political statments. @POTUS should strip you

What @SenatorCardin fails to mention is 20 years in prison if you support a UN or EU boycott of Israel or settlements. #BDS #RighttoBoycott https://twitter.com/US_Campaign/status/899734706576609280 …

@sarahzview How about in the leadership?
General, where do you stand on nonconsensual military experimentation? Is this kind?
You have officers who hate Trump and say, "Not my president" I know this for a fact
So, you don't tolerate racism against any race, extremism or hatered by any race in the ranks, because it's against your values since 1775..
Read that carefully...word play...
I like this guy.
"...in modern history" might have been a better choice of words all things considered.
My father was a Drill Sergeant in Army, there 20 years. He taught me to protect people being harassed by these kind of haters. I always will
Yet, the so-called Commander in Chief is not held to these stands? How insane is that? Impeach Trump. Not fit to lead the US military!
Thank you for that Sir.  We don't either.  But where are the rest of you out there?
Does Trump know this?????
You miswrote, we used 2 have bald faced racism, but we hide it now better than we did then.
Too bad there was no statement made about radical communists who burn American flags and assault police officers.
Thank you, General. The military may be our Constitution's last best hope under 45*. Pls prepare for the worst, stay vigilant & step up.
Then why did Truman have to desegregate the Army in 1948?  Seriously fellas. This is a fantasy. Or was segregation not racism?
I can do something for you?
Good job! Hope you have our President's back & not another player in Clinton's Crime Syndicate which has infiltrated our Govt, HRC communist
When will Confederate flag be included along with the rest of the banned racist paraphernalia troops cannot display?
I wouldn't side w/ #Communist #Antifa #Terrorists over the CIC if I were you. 80% of hard MOS guys support @POTUS as CIC
Not true at all
Ummm, appreciate your support, but the military was segregated from civil war through WWII. Today's military of which I am a Vet is diverse
General Milley, as an Army veteran, I am ashamed to see those who claim to be in the military, and back the alt right movement. What to say?

Thank u 4 all that u do 2 protect every citizen, regardless of race/creed, from all enemies, foreign & domestic. We are forever indebted 2 u
Have you mentioned that to your Commander-in-Chief?

Worth re-reading this great @JaneMayerNYer piece on Robert Mercer, the reclusive, racist billionaire behind Bannon. http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2017/03/27/the-reclusive-hedge-fund-tycoon-behind-the-trump-presidency …
Thank you Sir!
I don't think 45 learned that in history class. Did he take history?
REALLY? Since the 1775 huh. Don't think so, but A for effort sir
Hooah
Lol general!!!  Thanks for making me laugh
better get a meeting with your Commander In Chief of #sabresandrattling pronto!
Is that a joke? The US Army is an institution of white Western power over the world, and a killing machine.
I SEEN THE POST ONLINE ON #LINKEDIN SO I THOUGHT ID RETWEET THEM SO I COULD THE #WARCRIMINALS #WARCRIMESUSA #GENOCIDE #APARTHEID #TERRORISTS
@diplawprof 
General if ever AD called 4
NAZIS pls tell them they r psycho carry several guns n knives God Bless us everyone
WELL ITS ABOUT TIME AMERICANS STOPPED WARMONGERING AND CREATING DEATH TERROR AND DESTRUCTION FOR LAND THEFT GOLD OIL OPIUM NATURAL RESOURCES
Gen. Milley, I laud your statement regarding not tolerating racism, extremism or hatred in the ranks.  I thank you.
Thank You for your Service. May God Bless & Keep you Sir!
https://twitter.com/ellewoodsruns/status/898809392765689862 … American Leadership Stands against Racism & Hate Always. Never forget that! God Bless America 
The Entire US Military Has Now Openly Broken With Trump And Denounced Racism http://www.politicususa.com/2017/08/16/entire-military-openly-broken-trump-denounced-racism.html …

I believe you meant 1948, sir.
The Army needs to support President Trump and help him take our country back from the CFR/Illuminati/Globalist!
Does that mean Satanist are also not tolerated too in the Army? They are the ones working for the Globalist.
Indian army grant 100% disability pension General Rank 3300$ US Dollar P/M and SEPOY Rank 200$ US Dollar P/M . Big Discrimination @PMOIndia
I'm sorry Sir, but you work for those things now by serving Trump. The fact you didn't use his name does no honor to you or your uniform.
well, except until mid 20th century.
When will Assad be held accountable for killing American GIs??

And for financing and exporting ISIS?
but sir, a WoT that exterminated 4 million defenseless Jews would never be tolerated. When will this insanity end?
US led wars have killed 4 million Muslims since 1990.

Everyday, Americans kill Muslims in the name of global economic domination. https://twitter.com/walshfreedom/status/898576002099687426 …
Good! Then clean it up !
But they do tolerate killing brown people in the tens of thousands.
