Thank you Senator Cardin, for standing up for Americans and our healthcare! We need more voices like yours! 
We don't have any health care due to Obamacare & it's backfire dealing & pork kick backs.  Democratic's are mad because they are losing $
If ACHA passes many won't have health insurance. But ffs who knows? Everything done in secret! Raises red flags for me..
I don't have health ins. Obama left out the lower middle class.  I'm 63 yrs lost my insurance because of Obamacare now I pay a penalty $1400
Obama increase health care to middle class for me it was 820 a mo with a 6850 deductible. Total worthless, low income should be on Medicaid
Terrible! But I fear Medicaid is in jeopardy with this bill. I agree AHA should be fixed but not replaced with worse.
Sanders recommends to raise the taxable income for Medicare tax to 250k. I say remove the ceiling so all income is taxable on Medicare tax
Once you earn 106k income you don't pay anymore Medicare SS tax. Remove that ceiling. Expand Medicare & Medicaid & Lower Medicare to 62 .
You are confused, Sen Cardin. This is NOT about health care at all. It's ONLY about funding a tax cut for the wealthiest people.
It's actually a Constitutional Violation to Conseal Legislation from the rest of Congress, but Republicans love to break the law.
If so, bring charges!
Very sleepy just like a crooked person.Where the care for Constitution   and the American people .
Thanks to you Senator Cardin. TY TY TY. #HoldHearingsOnTheAHCA.  Hold Hearings. Do due diligence. You represent us. Please work for us.
Thank you @senatorcardin. MD is behind you.
fearmongering again. Team of Senior Senators build a core plan. Then they introduce it to the Senate floor for debate and modifications.
Thank you Sen Cardin!
No. Such thing as a Trump bill.  The bill being Drafted by senators and will be on the floor to amend and discuss
What's good for goose is good for gander. Hypocrites
Democrats have short memories. You hypocrites did the same thing with Obamacare. Obamacare fails and democrats get trashed in 2018.
Thank you @SenatorCardin #StayLoud & FURIOUS for America
you should have shown repub the crapy obama hellcare
#WITHHOLDCONSENT #FilibusterByAmendment #noAHCA
We should not be funding abortion as it is murder. Women's health is important but not the murder of unborn. U have blood on ur hands.
Thank you @SenatorCardin. @SenateDems and caring @SenateGOP need to stop this unDemocratic shameful process being led by @SenateMajLdr.
Thank you Senator Cardin for standing up for all of us citizens. Unfortunately GOP Mafia death squad could care less about us
Hard for it to be a secret if you are blabbing about it on Twitter. So, it obviously isn't one.
Is it any wonder they are causing people to go off the deep end & follow their gun usage ideas?
Can we agree to address this healthcare bill by the nickname GOPCare?  The entire party should be shackled to it, not just Trump.
All of us have to fight to get every person we can to vote out EVERY. GOP WE CAN in absolutely EVERY OFFICE POSSIBLE !
@Selena_Adera @SenatorCardin god bless you
Yes Sir, Sen Cardin..stand up to those criminal bullies for us..thank you...they all drank the Orange Trump Kool Aide
Thank you @SenatorCardin. @SenateGOP #ShowUsTheBill
Yes. Thank you.
Sneaky mf then they wonder y they r living in fear
Trumpcare...? The name alone makes me shudder. A tyrannical multi-billionaire devising our public healthcare. Hello Canada.
I guess you'll have to pass it to read it, oh wait that was the Dems idea
Thank you for speaking, but you have more power than just voice and vote. Withhold consent and filibuster by amendment. You can stop this.
Glad. U pushed thru Obamacare. Without reading it I might say. As per Pelosi.
Follow this lead. Do SOMETHING other than finger wagging. Vote-a-Rama seems like a good start.
That's the way Repugnicans legislate: lies, deceit and treachery!
You know @SenatorCardin is fired up because his Bawlmer accent slips out. #AHCAkills #ShowUsTheBill
Please #FilibusterByAmendment
Thank you @SenatorCardin for standing up for integrity of the legislative process & American people. 

@GOP & @SenateMajLdr shame on you!
Good And we're fired up with your obstruction of OUR government. Cut the crap and get to PRODUCTIVE work if you want our votes.
Vote-a-rama
Thank you for speaking up!!!
So, he stabbed Md citizens and Americans in the back when he followed pelosi by passing the ACA without reading it.
These guys are nothing  but hypocrites and obstructionist not doing anything they were sent there to do and some of you encourage them.SAD
Why regardless how good it is you wouldn't vote for it. Remember supreme court vote a few weeks ago
Someone who passed by all before. Sad
I didn't see this from them when Harry reed  wouldn't bring anything to the floor to vote on so Obama might have to do his job
That's right if you can do it legally change the law that's what they do
WELL, HE'S RIGHT TO A CERTAIN DEGREE AS LONG AS HE IS FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND NOT HIS PARTY???
Please do NOT repeal the ACA. #TrumpCare2 is disastrous for hundreds of millions, esp kids, the elderly & those w/pre-existing conditions.
Thank you, Sen. Cardin! Sneaking objectional bills past We The People has become as obscene as kiddy porn, but it's business as usual. Stop!
Love this guy! About time someone stood up for We The People's right to know what our "leaders" are up to before they do it! No secrets!!!
Thank you @SenatorCardin! Thank you for speaking up for the sake of the American people
Thank you, Senator Cardin! Your MD constituents are cheering you on!  Thank you for raising our voice up!
If the AHCA comes to a vote, drown it in a tidal wave of amendments. Thousands and thousands of amendments, each debated and voted on.
I would like the opportunity to address the Senate about the horrible laws they want pass behind our backs. I'm a proud DEMOCRAT 
Alright Senator  The Dems of Maryland support u 100 %. If u want us march, we will. U want us sign petitions, we will....
Do everything possible to fight this obscene attempt to pass this death bill in secret! -The people have a right to know whats in this bill!
Bravo!
 @SenatorCardin 
Really shameful the way they have bypassed and undermined Finance Committee
Thank you to my senior senator!
Someone needs to get excited about representative government If policies cannot be debated by reps in the Senate, where may they be debated?
Nobody shushed him. Oh, wait, I said "him".
Senate demoncrats
Thanks @SenatorCardin ! I'm terrified of what will happen to health care. I'm 60 with a pre-existing condition who still needs to work.
You go @SenatorCardin DEFEND US!!
Open proceedings very important to show respect to each other. No more working to implement policies favored by powerful interest groups
You mean like Obamacare   Another dual standard.
@GOP SHOW US THE BILL YOU HAVE! You should have fixed ACA #2018iscoming #ShowUsTheBill
Okay Pelosi
we know it's in the Senate its been there for a little while now and you just have to wait until they put it together
As he should be. Every single American should be outraged at this as well as the way the GOP is pushing through their agenda.
Good! Something needs to be done. #ShowUsTheBill  This is ridiculous. Stop the secrets, it is We the people, Not you the GOP.
The GOP scorches the earth for what they want--stand up and introduce endless vote-a-Rama amendments to stop this AHCA garbage!!!
Thank you Sen. Cardin!! And the #GOP wonder why the Nation is mad as Hell!!! Hiding issues that affect our lives--unacceptable!@SenMajLdr
I love seeing you criminals whine and cry. #CorruptDemocrats
Thank you for standing for all of us @SenatorCardin
Force vote Senate stop all Sessions and All GOP BILLS WHILE INVESTIGATION IS ON GOING!
If we could!
One reason Senate GOP is hiding #Trumpcare plan from the public is because it's a bad bill that raises costs & cuts coverage for Americans.
Please do NOT let GOP push a secret bill through w/out a fight!  We've called &emailed & tried to tell them. My GOP reps don't listen/care!
Huh. He's 'fired up' while McCaskill is described as 'ranting' and Kamala is 'hysterical '. I'm sick of the hypocritical double standards
@SenatorCardin thank you Senator-we appreciate you speaking out when so few others are silent
where was he when aca was being pushed the same way? Double standard
Thank you,Senator Cardin.We should be up in arms over this secrecy. Open government is the cornerstone of democracy.We have a right to know.
Oh, Like obamacare was? Karma sure is a bitch, isn't it. How soon you forget and how the tune changes when the shoe is on the other foot.
It's a disgrace what the @GOP is doing
Where was he when the dems pushed thru Obamacare at midnight
Is this another case of "do what we accused Dems of doing, but that doesn't apply to us?"
Thankyou dems, keep fighting  its the right thing to do
Thank you Sir!! The backlash will be extensive to the Republican house if this continues.
Righteous!
Bravo @SenatorCardin for giving your voice, calling out GOP on their sneaky/underhande/ back door attempt unilaterally pass AHCA #DeathBill
Watch your tone and don't inflame your base. Remember where that got you yesterday.
Evernotice when there is crisis...they slip a bill thru..it is becoming a pattern
You speak the truth!
How do they sleep at night....I guess sound 
Secretly! Really? This is the 25th person to tweet the narrative in last 2 days! Obviously the @GOP can't keep a secret! Except on Russia!
If this bill is forced through, is there a way we can take it to court for being so secretive? Citizens are hurt by it & have 'standing'
No. They have to pass it before you can read it. Karmas a bitch. Remember Obamacare getting shoved down America"s throat?
We probably won't hear how "hysterical" he is unlike Claire McCaskill. He's a man. 
Use any and all means to STOP #Trumpcare ...the health of MILLIONS of Americans is at risk
Senator, thank you. And keep going, we're depending on you. #FightingCancer #IAmAPreexistingCondition
Keep #FightingCancer...don't give up, Marci!
Amen! That 'bout says it all.
TrumpCare will be last straw for sinking GOP. Single payer, non profit now or later? Let's join civilized world. Health care, not insurance.
He is right to be fired up
Withhold consent filibuster by amendment
In light of recent events, and the left's penchant for PC speech, perhaps "fired up" isn't the most appropriate term to use. 
Please fight for me.
TRUMPCARE will affect MILLIONS of Americans. What is the @GOP hiding? Dont let them sell out Americans to Ins. Companies. #ShowUsTheBill
Reflection: HOW DID #obamacare PASS???? BEHIND CLOSED DOORS AND CAUSING AMERICANS TO LOOSE THEIR HEALTHCARE. #Hypocrisy at its FINEST
Filibuster with amendments. No hearing, no bill. Flood the floor with amendments. #trumpcare #AHCAkills
