2 wrongs don't make a right. I hope they go nuclear. You are not representing my vote.
Only in politics can two wrongs make a right, like a children on a playground...
All Trump goods are tainted.  Gorsuch is the fruit of a poisonous tree. #TrumpRussia
#clintonemails
Fake news
#SusanRiceUnmasked
#couldntcarelessaboutunmasking.  It's not the threat to the country-Russian meddling is.
Only a fool wouldn't care about unmasking! When intelligence is weaponized against average citizens & political opposition, it's fascism.
Thank you.  We were concerned about you!
Thank you!!!
thank you!
Thank you Senator!  #NoGorsuch It's a #stolenseat anyway!
thank you! Proud to be a Marylander knowing our senators do the right thing!

I became one when I witnessed the crybabies whining about the Hillary, the worst candidate my party ever put up to run for office.
Thank you for standing firm after evaluating Gorsuch's nomination. As long as Trump's White House is under FBI Investigations, no Gorsuch!
Bummer
Being an Apparatchik I had no doubt!
America needs a Supreme Court Justice who will put the Constitution first. America needs Judge Neil Gorsuch. #SCOTUS
Please...both parties are responsible, and hacks like you trying to put salve on Democrats hurt butts just make it worse, guy is qualified
Repugs didn't give a damn about letting voters speak. They considered confirming Garland if HRC won or blocking her nominees for years.
This leaves no doubt. It was about shaping the Court for conservatives.
Sen. Jeff Flake said Senate GOP wanted to get the most right-wing judge. They obstructed Obama for POLITICAL goal.
http://www.politicususa.com/2016/05/08/republican-senator-admits-gop-confirm-obama-scotus-nominee-lose-election.html …
Enjoy Judge Jeanine filling the next vacancy.
Might be better than a heartless guy who couldn't understand why an ee is within their rights not 2 freeze 2 death.
We express our disgust at your inability to shake the petty demo leadership. You still cannot place the best interest of America above party
Stand strong. No cloture until #russiagate investigation is done!
and 3 Democratic Senators have broken my  & Trust
Merrick Garland, a mainstream moderate, was denied a vote by #GOP. Gorsuch would be a rubber stamp for the right. Turnaround is fair play.
Stop the whining.  Garland was and is NOT a mainstream moderate.  do we really want a partisanship Court or one that judges on the Constit.?
You need to retire and make room for an independent thinking free person to make decisions in the best interest of America.
I hope, in the future, a Democratic Senate will re-empower the minority. But McConnell's GOP is broken

Party Line votes: 77% GOP vs 20% Dem

And of course exSen. Reid bears no responsibility, right?  Yep keep up the partisanship and pray the end of AMERICA is not coming.
Reid absolutely has a lot to answer for. No saints on either side these days
The end of America isn't coming if we can manage to have liberal republicans and conservative dems
Bel Air sends our thanks Senator!
Thank you! MD stands with you.
What? For having the nerve to nominate someone you disagree with politically? Conservatives were gracious when that happened to them.
Two words, Senator: Harry Reid.
Sad.
.@SenBennetCO Never been so disappointed in you.  You've lost my vote forever.  Selling out CO, @SenateDems , all of America. Done w you
After this tweet, you will be blocked. No more donations. No more fundraiser support. No more phone calls on your behalf. No more canvassing
Thank you. You are correct-Republicans have to take responsibility. Be proud of THAT, Sen. McConnell.
Ni, Nunes doesn't listen, which is why he's a failure.
Yes, and the American people deserve complete & truthful answers from #JudgeGorsuch.
Translation: "Wah, we didn't win so we take our ball and will try to go home."
Thank you, Sir!
Thank you.
Thank you! @RepAdamSchiff summed it up when he said Repubs already went nuclear by denying Garland, and this is the fallout.
I am one of your constituents and I appreciate your stand.
This: @SenateDems @ChrisCoons Thx Sen Cardin doing what's best 4 US unlike JM, HH, JD concerned w seat but forget left can primary them 2
Filibuster a terrible mistake, humiliating and bitterly unfair as It is to now accept a Republican nominee.  Senate no longer bipartisan.
And the Democrats instead of apoint someone they left it for the new Administration gave you a remarkable man
You just know how to lie. You are supposed to represent ALL Marylanders. We deserve the truth and not you biased lies!
Good for you Senator. A judge who claims to serve the law while failing to serve justice is not qualified to be a #SCOTUS Justice.
Thank you Senator Cardin.
Thank You! 
Thank you, @SenatorCardin! With appreciation fr WMd
Yes! #StolenSeat
Thank you from Columbia!! 
Seems I remember some cocky someone saying 'I won' and pushing his crap through. Do this and you'll be sorry. U still have seats 2 lose
You should be ashamed of yourself. You have let Marylander's down. VOTE FOR #JUDEGORSUCH
Thank you!!!
Thank you! He would add to the current disaster in our country.
Thank you Senator!
And you shouldn't  be reelected to the Senate or any office but dogcatcher.
Would have preferred your sticking your neck out before the filibuster was already decided, but good job anyway?
I agree. Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you.
@asmith83 Much appreciated, Senator!
Thank you Senator. Absolutely the right call.
I think I'm in love!
Stop distracting and vote to approve Gorsuch.
Thank you @SenatorCardin
#Trumpublicans will take the #nuclearoption regardless of what moment Dems choose to filibuster
Let Gorsuch be confirmed on the condition that there be an irrevocable agreement that Merrick Garland be nominated for the next open seat.
Garland is done like a burnt steak
Go home to your rocking chair Ben
Thank you senator, very few in DC have integrity or care for our country. Sad thing to say. Your standing up means much
Play the blame game will be the first filibuster of a Supreme Court Nominee that is not tainted by ethics considerations -#SETAPRECEDENT
GOP is completely responsible for the division of this great country right now. Fight the GOP tooth and nail. GOP will be the end of USA
I will be contributing to your next opponent.
Thank you, Senator.
He's qualified. Shame on you.
So was Merrick Garland. Shame on Mitch McConnell.
thank you!  We've been eagerly awaiting your decision- so glad to hear this!
Thank you Senator.
Thank you so much, Senator Cardin! Totally the right call.
Thank you!!!
Thank you!
Perfect summation.
Thank you for listening to your base.
but @nytimes still has you undecided about the filibuster--have you told them? Can you please make your statement more clear?
and  for 8yrs you guys made  a mess of our judiciary  system
thank you!
now you must extract price for nuke. Offer Drop fillbust if Senate pssses bills popular w people but feared by GOP. 1payer?
thanks senator cardin!
Says a person who supported Reid's actions in 2013. #NuclearOption
Thank you, Sen. Cardin!
Will you support the fillibuster on Judge Gorsuch?
Yes, please support the filibuster! Don't allow this administration to fill a seat that should've been filled by the previous administration
Dem playbook: 
Go against Congressional norms.
Cry when Repubs say "um, no"
Lose an election.
Blame Repubs for sticking to status quo
Repeat
Untenable? You mean the Democrats
Thank you for protecting working Americans
Thank you Senator for your bold, courageous stance! This is a stolen seat!
thank you 
Thank you
Thank you. The Supreme Court should reflect the evolution of our society. The 60+ votes is meant to help temper politicking the court
You lost, time to grow up! Senator Ben Cardin!! Stop this winning! Or I will send you some cheese! Damn Liberal Democrats cry baby's....
You are disgusting. Put your country above party politics and help us heal and move forward as a nation. Set an example and be an adult.
Thank you.
Thank you
Thank you.
Talk about carrying a grudge.  Old Ben shows he's a classless liberal.
Thank you, Senator.
thank you
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you .@SenatorCardin for being worthless and useless as usual.
Thank you, sir!
Thank you!!!!!
Took long enough. Guessing you received our emails, calls and faxes.
The nuke option (also a dem rule) will be utilized.
No they are not.  Judge Gorsuch is well qualified and y'all have hurt feelings because of the Biden rule.  Your immaturity is showing.1/2
Thank you!

Thank you, Senator Cardin!
Thank you
Thank you .
First purely partisan SCOTUS filibuster in history. You, @SenSchumer,  @DemWarRoom and Mr.Partisan Harry Reid own this debacle.
 fights on!
Thank you, Senator!  @SenateDems Stand Strong!  #RESISTANCE @TheDemocrats
Thank you.  You made the right decision.  I'm a Maryland voter.
Thank you for taking this stand!
Many thanks, Senator! The hypocrisy shown by the Majority Leader disgusts me.
Thank you, Senator
Thank you, Senator.
He will be our next SCJ.  Good try
Get on with what we need not what makes you look good
Good
Good for what?
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you #StopGorsuch
Thank you!  The only judge who should be getting a vote next week is the moderate Merrick Garland.
Wrong
Do your job...Elections have consequences....Now they will go the Harry Reid way
That's exactly right! Thank you.
Not In Maryland
AGREED! Thank you for doing what is RIGHT for #WeThePeople! (The MAJORITY!)
Thank you
Thank you for listening to us. Dems do not need to be complicit in seating Gorsuch.  History will see this clearly. @BenCardinforMD
Ah a other "good for me but not for thee" Dem move. Totally fine for Harry Reid to use tactics that, when used by Repubs, are "untenable".
Well done, sir!
you are right! Thank you sir.
Thank you @SenatorCardin for actually listening to the will of the people!
Thank you.  Now see if you can convince @SenBennetCO to find his spine  #FilibusterGorsuch
@megan_ford1 tell Chris thank you. ^^
"I can not support... b/c I got a call from my friend chris and she said no so...."
That's what I am assuming happened too.
Forever the idealist.
Thank you, @SenatorCardin
Thank you!  This nominee for this seat from this president must be opposed in every possible way. He is an extremist and GOO stoke this seat
Sorry he will make it to the SC
Thank you Senator. @SenateMajLdr @senategop chose not to even have hearings for Garland & then chose an extremist. Can't reward behavior.
Not In Maryland
Thank you, Senator. Thank you very much.
Thank you, Senator!
Not In Maryland
Thank you, Senator Cardin! 
Thank you, Senator!
That's a load of crap. Harry Reid set this up.
Hear! Hear!

THANKYOU!!!!
Thank you, Senator! We've got your back.
How can you have his back when you can't vote for SC and he will make it anyway.  Good try
No, you can thank YOUR party, going all the way back to #Bork and Ted Kennedy all the way to Harry Reid. #confirmgorsuch
Great truth
I just moved from MD to MI, but I voted for you sir. I respect and agree with your decision on this matter. Thank you
Poor Harry Reid, not getting the credit he's due.
How about calling it "Harry Reid option"?
I support you Senator Cardin!
HARRY REID did this, as I recall, he's a Democrat.

So really, Democrats have made this process untenable and are responsible 4 consequences
This Republican thanks you. Country before party.
What by nominating an eminently qualified jurist? Partisan hack.
and we will use the option so we'll taught to us by you and Senator Harry Reid to make your partisan whining irrelevant
Republican puppet dividing country...How do you day "orange" in Russian??
thank you!!
No call for anyone to defend against ad hominem, inconsistent and disingenuous attacks. Dems own this delay.
#FilibusterGorsuch
#MAGA
Thank you for representing your constituents well!
Thanks you Senator Cardin. Make them own this nominee after all they have children, too
Bull 
Thank you Senator Cardin!
Well said, senator. Thank you.
McConnell's only legacy will be, "I ruined a branch of the govt." Pathetic, he cares ZERO about America and the Constitution.
No problem...nuclear option it is.  Too bad has to come to this.  Dem open the door...
Of COURSE you can't support him.  He believes in our constitution!  Hypocrite-what about your oath of office?
I cannot support @SenatorCardin 's continuance in office. His disgusting hypocritical partisan double standard mocks the legislative process
Lost my vote and I will campaign for your opposition as I do live in your district!
