Is this what you meant @SenJohnMcCain
I'm sure @SenJohnMcCain is "deeply troubled" by @SenatorEnzi's actions, and might get around to mentioning it after he votes FOR the bill.
So glad this isn't how it went down I know it's one time you are glad you were wrong. 
Of course they want no more debates...it's hard work...they want to go on vaca
While he speaks for an hour about nothing of importance and claims it's Democrats who don't want to work together.
Oh, come now... You know he'll point fingers & say "how about those numbers I got in the popular vote" 

Wow.  Everyone needs to know this!
That is not democracy. We don't have one party rule in our democracy!
GOP, piss-poor losers - kind that snatch the ball & go home when they're losing. Vote them out!
If this is the best they can do in Wyoming with a Sen. since 1997, they should be embarrassed by their and his ignorance .
This is troubling!
What is the point? You will oppose anything the Republicans will do in lock step!
#OBSTRUCTIONISTS @GOP
Enzi is an embarrassment to the people of Wyoming and does not speak for us!
Maybe he should have listened.
Talk about un-American. The current @GOP is about as un-American as a group can get.
Thank you for what u did to protect us.
Another weak Republican senator
Aka: what to expect from cowards.
Boooooooo is what i said!
Cool! And how did that strategy work out for ya?!
@ActualEPAFacts @SenatorEnzi Incredible partisanship 
Senator Enzi has on his twitter feed that we need to Improve healthcare..well you can improve it without repealing ACA!

WTF is going on?  This seems incredibly spiteful.
Gee . That makes sense. The country wants them to work together. I guess that doesn't matter.
Mr. Enzo, what is wrong w/ u? This is not about you and your party. This is about the American people. You work for us! So start working!
When healthcare goes to committee to start over call in experts to advise on repairing ACA.Example:Kaiser Foundation,AARP,AMA to name a few.
And the Dems just pathetically let themselves get silenced. And we wonder why we lost. Grow a set!
Wow!!!  Is this America ?
Everyone crapping on McCain in this thread please Tweet him an apology.
Fine then Dems MUST CONTINUE NO VOTE!
This is the hill those bastards have chosen to die on. @swingleft Let's go.
Well, Senator Enzi....making a dictatorial fool out of yourself didn't help, did it?  Shady Acres has a room!  
#ImpeachTrumpNow #LockThemUp
Indefensible.
FU @senatorenzi 
Bring back the Senate traditions of  Spittoons & Caning
Sounds about right for the GOP. Do as I say, not as I do. Can't wait for 2018 and the spanking they will receive!! Good riddance!!
That's not democracy.
Gotta love the Republican form of democracy for its naked greed and heartless repudiation of America's people.
This is disgusting.  I hope their voters are listening.  They are showing that the people they represent do not matter to them
Don't worry we are
These guys don't seem to understand representative democracy.
STRATFORD,CT HERE
CHRIS
PUSH IT!
Child will need more surgery never knowing when it will happen,we make the most out of our poverty line.Even prescriptions co pays = no milk
I'm praying for my child born with pre existing And been through few operations with the loss of her life in the balance...please 
Criminal
That's why it won't pass.
Passage of Affordable Care Act Was Open And Transparent. After Passage Of the Law, Proof That #ACA Works
https://www.dpcc.senate.gov/?id=328&p=issue 
#NoRepeal
Time to quote Ice T - "Freedom of speech, that's some..."
You are so going to be voted out in 2018! #maga
I'm sorry. You're trying very hard
Despicable
Won't allow?! Democracy is dead.
Enzi is a big embarrassment to this nation.
Completely unacceptable. Who are these people? This is un American
GOP are bastards.
.@BenSasse must be too busy tweeting his bored tween about how much he loves killing veterans, elderly and children to notice.
I know it's tough to tell these days, but this isn't actually Russia.
****YET****

POS
Trump & GOP WILL OWN this fiasco
They are dirty and always have been. Meanwhile millions will have premiums increased AND LOSE ALL COVERAGE!
@davidaxelrod @SenatorEnzi 
This from the people who whined that Dems refused to help with Healthcare. We no longer have a government that represents the people.
They are going to pay . All of them
Remember this
We deserve bipartisan representation not dirty politics.  This is the most frustrating fiasco.  Please keep fighting
Republican idea of democracy.
Pence is getting sleepy!
He asked mother if he could stay out late
Yes!
Because @SenatorEnzi is ok taking my healthcare away while he & his grandchildren enjoy fishing trips without a care in the world. #Karma
Wow. Keep up the good fight!
Trumpcare
Why can't we hear these things in a public forum
They should take over the chair
*floor
And how is that allowable?
I want to hear about this on TV as it should be.
Sounds like time for another big time sit in @TheDemocrats @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi Repubs are lying & tricking their way to passing HC bill
I feel like Statler and Waldorf watching this thing, but without the laughing.
How is this a Democracy?
How can they do this?????
How can they do that?
This is shameful!
It sure looks like the joint mission of the Russians/GOP is to bring about chaos and destroy America (as Bannon said, destroying the state)
The bill lowers premiums  for the HEALTHY & WEALTHY with low risk ratings who can afford high deductibles.  To hell with everyone else.
They are all despicable!
That's the plan.
Democracy is in th dust
SHAME on you @SenatorEnzi !!! This is how you representing people voices by playing your political games?
Finally found a cure for insomnia.
@ActualEPAFacts @SenatorEnzi because information is the enemy of the people!!
Regular order right.
Enzi is cruel.
Do you even listen to reason? We, The People You Serve, Deserve Healthcare
God pls explain to #Americans how the concept of insurance works. If only ppl who got a fire had fire insurance - guess what? #ACARepeal
Oh we can't take hearing about how bad our bill is! Please stop bringing up facts!-@SenatorEnzi
I'm moving to Canada.
Enzi's a boring blowhard
But @SenateGOP will bitch about how Democrats won't contribute to #healthcare debate
Rebel!!! Make noise!!! Disrupt!!! ANYTHING!!!! #RESIST
Comedy of the absurd
@SenatorEnzi: You participated in destruction of the Senate tonight. Your family must be sad.
Many Americans will wake up knowing that their representatives cared more about sticking it to Obama than about their healthcare.
Unconscionable.
The SENATE is for DOING THE BUSINESS OF THE PEOPLE NOT the GOP so @senatorEnzi what are you afraid of in letting @SenateDems speak?
@SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley We expect no on #SkinnyRepeal - Iowans will end up dying due to lack of care & blood will be on ur hands
I agree with is @SenatorEnzi talking about does he even understand the issues!?
@davidaxelrod @SenatorEnzi Jerk
Shame on him. The opposition should be allowed to freely debate as much as they want.
@davidaxelrod @SenatorEnzi yes, not speaking is at the heart of democracy!
yes.@Senenzi.m. Why would the American public deserve debate of a takeover of one fifth of economy
What unlimited oligarch money and the votes of dumb brainwashed rednecks buy: brute power.
Where there is Darkness you must shine a light. Darkness hates the light.
Cowardice hates courage.
Deceivers hate truth.
We the People...
2018 we can reverse this
He needs to have his brain checked. He's dumb as rocks. He needs to get voted out.
Then sit in the middle of the damn floor, all of you...
Remember -- and vote!!! -- in 2018 and 2020.
No shame!
YOU USED UP ALL OF YOUR TIME AND NOW YOU'RE ALL CONSTANTLY INTERRUPTING HIS TIME!
Obstructionism
May God have mercy on your miserable soul, Enzi.
Sorry I should have put the word debate in quotes since it's not a real debate
Senator can you live stream the debate so the people can see it?
Why don't @SenateDems start singing the national anthem?
What the ever loving hell?!?!
Open the doors and let the protesters in
Quit acting like children and get this mess figured out!!
#November2018 #SaveACA
Democracy was cool while it lasted
Go punch him in the face.
This is not what democracy looks like @GOP is proving that they are immoral, cowardly money mongers #Wwjd throw the money changers out
Sure, the Wyoming senator is gutless when it comes to questions. He's surely "gut-full" though.

I'm unclear about why Democrats should keep paying taxes if we are to be denied representation in our government.
This is all so horrible. What a sad night.
@ActualEPAFacts @SenatorEnzi Bastards! Starving the poor to feed the rich! The people will remember! Kill the bill now!
wants the tax break, wants to bankrupt hospitals, wants Americans to die of preventable diseases and injuries
@SenatorEnzi Shame!
This is terrible!
We see you Enzi and it won't be forgotten
How the hell do you @SenateDems keep your composure around these thug GOP politicians?

Do they realize how many ppl despise them?

#EvilGOP
Dictatorships, not democracies, do this sort of bill ramming.  At least 16 million citizens can suffer from this repeal.
It's way past Enzi's bed time... someone put him to bed
He doesn't know how to answer their questions! even after 20yrs of his ego HC status! JUST FKN EVIL
Is the GOP too proud of its bill to answer questions about how it'll affect our lives? How dare you pull this stunt & force Dems to vote!
Stop.This.
That's outrageous
tell why he wants kill millions americans and how does gop think there not hilter
.@GOP SHAME! SHAME! SHAME! This is America, and you will NOT get away with third world dictatorial tactics!
He won't take questions because he doesn't know the answers.   Lawyer 101
Then don't be quiet! This is America it was built on people not shutting up no matter how much they were told to!
What a kick in the teeth from the GOP to those losing their care due to Republicans selfishness
How the freaking HELL can he get away with that? We're not in a dictatorship, dammit!
So what the HELL was the vote to "debate" about???
So noted and remembered.  @GOP @SenateGOP #resist the insanity.
Despicable behavior. Bully tactics, as they know they t pushing ia pile of partisan trash. If it passes they willl b voted out too, soon
We need a really big hook...
Unfair!
He's a pig.
What about amendments?
watching this on CSPAN2. This bill is horrible, and watching the sausage get made is even worse.
Oh great. So we're left with this big D Bag then. Swell.
What???
What is McCain up to?
I hate them all
How is this real? The GOP is pure evil.
And what will Dems do? History will not judge your weakness kindly
Punch him in the face Chris, in the name of all that oppose this sham of a process.
People will love you for it!
This is NOT how our government and #democracy is meant to work.
Someone NEEDS to do something! Anything!!
@SenateMajLdr this is absolutely pathetic! You had 7 years to create a "better plan" & this is what you do? Paul Ryan - another joke.
They don't need a new plan—still using the same one from Jan'09:

"Screw all the Dems,esp PBO. And s'OK if America is harmed in the process"
That's the Repubs' healthcare plan, domestic policy, foreign policy, weather report & fashion statement.
They F'ing hate this country.
GHuck Enzi
Adios @SenatorEnzi.  History will not be kind
Horrible
