the USA is going to ignore you..
Well, he can, it seems- but like his denial of global warming, that doesn't stop the real world from existing. #impeach
Climate change=weather!
Spohawk, climate change = weather in a nose-dive; listen to people with lifetime experience assessing climate.
Yeah shoveled a lot of global warming this winter, using Noah numbers to back u up...lol
2) https://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/news/climate-change-and-extreme-snow-us …
@BarackObama ignored the constitution for 8 years, and you had no issues with him. Dont post hypocrisy - the people see it!
Where in your constitution does the judicial branch has jurisdiction over national security or immigration,do tell senator!
This country is failing.The hostility toTrump MUST STOP. You MUST vote based on the best interest of USA, not party ideology.
thank you Senator for being a beacon of sanity.
the only ones ignoring the Constitution are 3 liberal #9th circuit court judges & 1 Federal Judge.restore #travel ban #MAGA
All due respect sir, Congress cannot continue to ignore its responsibility re:POTUS and Russia irregularities. (MD resident)
@GOP in Congress are Vichy France #TrumpsWIllingCollaborators
Democrats & Judiciary is last line of Defense of USA!
The last one used it as a welcome mat. Didn't see you complaining. #doublestandards.
Someone needs to re-teach Trump the Constitution! It seems he is trying to write his own Constitution in the process!
tell me where in the constitution it says that we cannot temporarily halt immigration while we fix the vetting
dont expect a quick answer to a logical question
are you talking to me or him?
sorry. I was telling you not to expect a response to your question.  I confused myself.
lol
Trump has Constitution power. They are rogue and illegitimately endangering America lives. Rogue 9th circuit, impeach judges.
And the 9th circuit Ct cant ignore the Constitution either. These ppl from the 7 countries have no rights. FACT! #soreloser
obviously Senator U haven't read the Constitution nor the Articles!! 9th Circuit not privy to classified info.Your a problem
neither can Supreme Court, their should be separation of powers congress and judiciary are violating , Somalian Ohio state
@KimberlyEndico5 Sworn oath to protect and defend the US Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic
I know you need more coloring books an massage dog
the only time liberals use the Constitution is when it helps them.
THE President is more for the constitution than all of th dem congress and Senate put together. You're just blocking you LOST
Can Ben even read?
The Court ignored the law...Judges should be booted immediately
:  Yes, but the 9th Circus Judges SURE have ignored the Constitution.
and ALL 3 have significant issues. 9th Circ allowed to remain intact w 80% overturn rate!!!! REALLY #DISMANTLEit
I think President Trump was spot on with his EO. Sorry to see that your missing
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #AmericaFirst #USA
he seems to be doing just that.  Stop him.
TY for defending our constitution. No one is above the constitution not even POTUS.His job is to work within it on our behalf
you say President can't ignore constitution but judges can?  So little respect for the system.
If you read the Constitution you would know that he did not ignore the Constitution. The liberal Judges did.
with all due respect, he can, he is, and president bannon and trump will not cease
You've finally learned this after 8 years of abuse
@realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP  @SenateDems  @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP maybe read constitution on the Floor would be of benefit
Agree. But what are you doing about it? We need leadership to provide actionable, impactful advice.
Urge you to please vote against the Neil Gorsuch nomination.  This may be most important vote you ever cast!!!!!
Constitution applies to US CITIZENS not aliens!!
Better brush up on Constitution! What POTUS did was not unconstitutional. Also given power by Congress to control borders!
Why NOT the Judges have!
have you read the constitution? Judges can't be political
And neither should the judges.
The president can't spell constitution let alone interpret what it stands for or means. #BlockEverything
You are naive to believe that Trump cannot ignore the Constitution He has no idea what’s IN the constitution.
@POTUS Yes thank goodness
Obama was the real satan
ask @POTUS if they are equal branches. He understands chief executive and a board. He doesn't get so-called #Judiciary
they didn't... they went with the option.. very sad.. You people need to wake up!!
that applies to you as well sir.
Yet he is. & the Repub. regime is doing nothing 2 stop him. So they're not holding up their end either. There goes 2nd branch
Precisely.
some people are forever dumb
Maybe President can't ignore Constutution but @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr are doing their best to shred it.
as has been proven by the #immigrationban court fiasco. America's government lives!
that is good idea
it's important to me that i feel i can trust our president to respect the rule of law
@CaseyHinds Sir, you cannot ignore your part of this balance. Challenge your fellow  Reps and Senators to do the same.
@NormEisen - Trump can and will unless men of integrity stop him; men  who enjoy reading.
Trump believes he stands above the other branches of government. Doesn't understand how government works,nor the constitution
@NormEisen Seriously, you know things have gotten bad (1) when a Senator has to say this out loud and (2) Norm Eisen retweets
@ProvaxShill unfortunately he does over and over
@NormEisen yes!!

If u could read, u would know executive order on travel ban is constitutional and lawful. U r not working for American ppl.
@NormEisen The GOP has been ignoring the Constitution for awhile tho.
Nobody has explained to Trumpie that a "Constitution" exists.
Putin can.
oh....funny how things change. Now the constitution is important.
you should stand what right for our safety what's wrong with you absolutely I shamed of you
you do the complete opposite u ignore the Maryland voters & worry about nothing expect yourself & how you can stay in power
How do you persuade him to work in a bipartisan manner with senators and congressmen??
The branches are not equal in authority; Congress rules. See Fed 51: In a republic, the legislature necessarily predominates.
The GOVERNMENT cannot ignore the safety & vitality of the people. The CONSTITUTION demands that.
THE CONSTITUTION IS FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
Treason is what it is!
Thank you for representing us! Keep fighting!
@potus sure looks like the only ones ignoring the constitution are the Liberal Judges. When can US expect laws to be followed
it's already out and isn't going back under president bannon and orangutan trump
Explain that to the American people.What are you talking about?
