The wall isn't a "new idea"--spending money on it received overwhelming bi-partisan support in the past.
The secure fence act of 2006....passed in the senate 80-19
Tell #Trump not to spend our money on his wall, a government shutdown, or vacations for himself or the scum he calls family!
We need to protect our boarders @BuildtheWall
What's the plan Ben?
You fool it's costing the US taxpayers billions to fund criminals.  Obey the law, or get out!
#Mexico is a FANTASTIC neighbor. #KKK&Nazis are HORRIBLE neighbors. 

Next question.
Just like Natifa
Antifa
Our children are dying because of the drugs pouring over that border.  Who do you represent, Americans or Mexico? Protect our Borders
Start working with senators outside of the Democratic Party  the isle is open and you won't cross it nor meet in middle
You make no rational sense. Resign
Says everyone that has a fence around there yard Hmmmm
Do you have loved ones in chains to drugs? Probably not seeing you do not want a wall. You politicians are an embarrassment to our Republic.
How well did that work during Obama's 8 years?
Should we tear down all the fences and walls in the US. No barriers. Get rid of all security, military, police, etc.  we need no protection.
Are they working with our against us?  History shows that they are not with us!  Wake up!!!
Indeed, it is hard to contemplate much less believe that we are still beating this dead horse to death with the Gulf region drowning!
Afterall the Mexican will be paid to build the wall and they are not stupid.They will make spaces on the wall to come in and out.
Build a bridge not a damn useless wall.Enough of preaching hate. Hate and hostility do not solve problems. They compound all problems
You live in a fantasy bubble
It's not about our neighbors.  Geeezzzzz
You support illegals and drug dealers over Americans #sosad
Walls make good neighbors
Get stats on border property owners in Texas. Smugglers kill livestock and break into their homes. They also find bodies. Build the wall!
Let them come to the door.
We are working.....to keep their azzes outta here!
And who is going to support the thousand of ILLEGAL neighbors coming in?  Those who come in legally work hard and pay taxes.
Does the GOP understand that if it is built, the next Dem President will order it removed?
With all the absurdity, obstructionism and outright hate in your souls, you may never see another democrat president.
For somebody advocating for a party that spews hate on a daily basis, you make a lot of assumptions. This may be the death of the GOP
Yeah, you must have the parties confused. The hate, everyday, is coming from the dems' side.
They are only our neighbors if there is something separating us from them. If nothing than they are us. Do you support making them Americans
A nation without borders isn't a nation at all
NO wall.  NO trump. Make America great , honest and respected  again.
Fences work too. Israel & China are safer
How do you explain the 90% reduction in illegal border crossings after they built wall in Yuma Sector? How much did it cost before fence?
Your wrong we do need the wall.Its time for us to have tha t wall.Its time that America is cleaned up and protected.Rise up America!
And use that $ to help Houston!
Idiot
Also, the border patrol and ice say the wall would be a very useful tool in keeping us safe. I'm thinking they know more than you on this.
Our neighbors need to work with us instead of encouraging illegal immigration.
Hoping for illegal votes I'm sure wall is a negative for Dems
Oh please.
When will our neighbors work with us. The money is to come from holding the tranfer fee Mexico charges from money transfers to Mexico.

Says he who pisses away my $$$ every single day!  Cease & desist!  #DrainTheSewerInAnnapolis #NoSanctuaryInMd #ENDElectionFraud #ENDCronyism
Senator, if your neighbors run a murder capital, drug and human smuggling operation and are screwing your kids lives up, you build a wall.
flood walls for the gulf coast, infrastructure, jobs, safe Americans. #wallsworthbuilding #NoBanNoWall
When the government works with cartel do you really want to share the boarder. Not me, let's do the wall and keep them out.
The Mexican people will be adding stairs in tandem!!
Why does Mexico have a wall on its southern border? A very impressive on indeed. #BuildTheFuckingWall
It's counter productive to the leftists only. There is an established path to citizenship already. It should be a long and treacherous path
Chris  Are you proposing removing the existing wall?
That's just ridiculous. Mexico will not work with us. The past decade is proof of that. We need the wall.
$22B is the cost of ILLEGALS every year...i think the discussion should be when not if.
I think that it is an outstanding thing to do.  Working with our nhbrs of the south has not stopped the Mexican military incursions into USA
Not only that,  this was a campaign promise that also included  a promise that United States citizens would not have to pay for the wall.
Build the wall
We need to support the president and the people who won the election. All you do is resist
Wrong answer liberat.... MX has a wall to keep ppl out .
People need help; they need a sense of normalcy. This should be the #1 priority, NOT a shameful Trump monument to himself. So despicable.
Not being able to civilly work with members across the aisle is a bigger waste of money & counterproductive too! Be a solution not a prob.
Maybe you could suggest that to your #1 legislative priority, Israel. It needs to work w/ its neighbors, not occupy or take land from them.
We already are.
They bring the drugs.
And we smoke it all up.
Our "neighbors" just want our money that is sent weekly to Mexico by THEIR CITIZEN'S. Try living in Mexico illegally, Mexico gov says jail
Jail without trial, knew a guy that was in Yucatan State Prison in Mexico for a bar fight. He was in there 3 years still waiting for trial.
We can work with them with a wall in place
Bet u have a wall around ur house to keep people that dont live there out?
Move to a border state.
It's also offensive.
Yours appears to be behind a wall?
Just because I don't think a $26 billion wall that Mexico isn't paying for is going to solve your issues, so be it
