
Thank you, sir, I don't think I've heard a more cogent argument for the 1% to pay attention!
Let's have a side by side eval. of the GOP healthcare bill vs. the healthcare Congress gets.
14th amendment says equal treatment for all. So we get what congress gets, or Congress gets what we're stuck with. 
If only it were true.
The nice thing is, DumpsterCare could be brought before the SC and overruled because it violates the 14th.
(My new name for it made me )
I like it.  Tell Mitch he can use DumpsterCare free.
Well, when the whole lot of those treasonous bastards go to jail, they'll be begging to get Medicaid back.
#AnalSutures
#BendOverAndSayAHHH

Isn't it obvious?  The American people must be punished for electing a black president.
This! Medicaid prgrm help disabled kids(even ones w/ prv ins) stay at home to get their care. Keeps hardworking families out of bankruptcy
Also, everyone with an elderly parent in a nursing home? Medicaid cuts will make that even more expensive. Good luck.
What no racist white supremacist islamophobia . You guys are falling down on the job .
That's the *whole point* — the Randist Party at work.
GOP health bill "will close hospitals and nursing homes...disabled children won't get services...people will die."

…
I have a child who receives services from Medicaid funded programs. Those counselors & I have already been discussing his fate & their jobs.
I think that's a net positive for GOP - fewer people on SS is a win in their budget.
You know that for fact - or are you just repeating what you heard from the Democratic party?
@cathymcmorris /Republicans "champion" for disabled children
This is what the GOP want.  Survival of the fittest.  Let the sick and the weak die off.  To them they are a drain on society.
So nice to see the fall of everything that every president built up for the citizens fall to pieces under Dump.
And thank god people who have more $$ than they could ever spend in this lifetime...will get more!  Winning.
@SenCapito @SenMikeLee @SenRubioPress You know afflicting the sick & poor to lavish the rich is anti-Christ teachings! Fear god not trump!
The impact of this bill on less affluent rural America will be devastating. Job losses, drain on municipal coffers, closures. All for GREED.
#JustSayNoToMassMurder by #SerialKillerGOPHealthcare! 4 N my family will die Most w/o coverage. How many N URs? F Literally Bloodsucking GOP
The great lie u do not talk about the 10% of medicaid spending that is fraudulent on the backs of the MC taxpayers do u
Take the GOP bill and flush it in the toilet.
People won't "die". They will be killed by Republicans who want tax cuts for the rich. #TrumpCareKills #GOPKills #GOPartyofDeath
Makes you wonder how anyone in the US survived prior to 2011 when Obama invented healthcare.
Meanwhile Trump will go on fox and friends then play golf with peyton manning and act like none of it is happening, the invertebrate he is
I'm asking @realDonaldtrump if nursing home patients will be homeless in the streets when Medicaid is cut? Won't be pretty 4 @GOP.
This is supposed to be put into effect THIS September!
Thank our God, America is not believing @TheDemocrats  B.S. any more. Republicans are not heartless.
#DumpsterCare
But the economy, and jobs, jobs, jobs!  Closing hospitals creates jobs????? Dumb
The sky is falling the sky is falling the sky is falling the sky is falling
Serious question: Isn't losing health care the thing that could turn voters against the GOP? Why are you trying to stop it?
Well, dammit. Those dividend "earners" need to get that tax rate back down to 15%, so they can have a rate 1/2 of what the janitor pays.
But some sweet tax cuts! Amirite?
This is a way to reduce the population of poor people, disabled, mental health, aids victims basically everyone but the rich. It's genocide
O look! A WaPo writer. #freemarket insurance 4 all
Dumbest uneducated statement that Sam has ever retweeted
Apparently, you haven't heard. Our Reps in DC said, "no one dies from lack of HEALTH CARE". #AHCA so wonderful the Reps exempted themselves.

So what? The rich will die richer, and isnt that what Amerika is all about .@SenCoryGardner -you DID draft this, didn't you Mr Committeeman?
The Koch's just came out complaining that the #AHCA is 2 generous 2 the poor in Medicaid; apparently it still covered 2 many ppl w/HC Ins!
I worked in health car 25 years. It runs on money, not  charity.
But rich will get tax breaks, so all is good. That's what's important here, $$$$ always trumps decency.
Which leaves me out of a job!!! Isn't he making it so great here?
But other that, it's gonna be great...for those who could spend $50,000 on lunch and not blink..
Elections have consequences. If media says polls indicate your guy/gal will win its on you to still vote.
...and rural & southern folk will continue to vote GOP against their/OUR best interests bc its their culture. Rs vote-Ds don't. Period
The culling if the unfit. Has there been anything like this since Nazi Germany?
Until those who continue to vote GOP start feeling this, it won't matter. They have been brainwashed to believe that Government us bad.
@BillCassidy @robportman @SenRonJohnson You know afflicting the sick & poor to lavish the rich is anti-Christ teachings! Fear god not trump!
The only God Reps truly believe in is called "money".
Betting it is REALLY gonna hit small, rural community clinics and nursing homes hard. Rural voters are slow learners & it's gonna cost 'em.
But remember, it is not civil discourse to mention this.
Ok. So are you even contemplating taking legal action to prevent this? If voting them out is your solution, then you're a silent witness
That's OK if you're a Republican.
Sad truth of it is that neither Trump nor most of the GOP care. At all. I used 2 have faith in a few 'moderates' but I fear they'll all cave
.@JimInhofe and .@SenatorLankford Please vote no.
Of course this will happen. Anyone who says otherwise does not understand healthcare or does not care of people die.
#GOP doesn't care: gerrymandered the hell out of more than half the country, suppressed the vote; nothing matters because they cannot lose.
If this passes GOP should be indicted and  we need a trial against them for voluntary manslaughter!
These @GOP monsters have no soul & Gold star father Khizr Khan said it best "trump is a black soul"  a pathological liar without empathy.
Yeah, but freedom.
It's the GOP's mantra - anything for a tax cut
@Perduesenate @SenatorIsakson are you listening?  Are you really going to support doing this to your citizens?
Historically this happened before but not in America! GOP will ultimately be judged as brutal as those in 18th c France & 20th c Germany. 
And the GOP is giddy with excitement and glee!!
Senators WE are talking people's health AMERICANS Will Die Please as an American go back and fix the ACA insurance companies are doing fine
Why are the Republicans doing this?  Why do they want to harm millions?
The more they kill off, the less there is to govern.   Leaves able-bodied workers to make more $$ for them. Sickening.
Do they not how many jobs will be lost if rural hospitals close and nursing homes in  the same areas?
They don't care.
All correct, as per the bill's intent.
The irony is that these same hospitals (closed or understaffed) treat the wealthy as well. Tax breaks for them,crappy or no care for all.
The wealthy can open their own hospitals and care for themselves while many chldren, eldrly and ppl with existing health conditions suffer.
Let's call it what it really is. Wealthcare, not Healthcare.
GOP: "Other than that, how do you like our new plan?"
How many members of this hospital coalition vote for Trump and/or members of Congress who are pushing this bill?
You're Pathetic 180 pages read it. Fear monger
@DemFromCT won't matter, GOP voters would rather suffer & die under a white President than live under a black President. Sad!
Trump, McConnell and Ryan don't care. The rich must get tax cuts, that's all that matters. The people need to rise up !
Have a friend whose sister is in nursing home. Nursing home has already said they will have to close if this goes through. No other place.
You mustn't say that, or @Avik Roy will not entertain this critique
Do u know that under current law (Obamacare) federal funding for medicaid expansion expires in '20? Did you rails against dems for this cut?
This is not a thoughtful argument.  - @Avik
So awful but I am thinking maybe this has to happen to many voters finally get Repubs are not for them and stop voting for them!!
Truth
Shorter GOP: If they would rather die, do it, and decrease the surplus population.
Siegel is right on the money. Rural healthcare will be decimated.
Transporting a patient for an hour with an evolving AMI is a bad thing.
But the "one percent" will survive...hmmmm, scary thought.
That's how Republicans roll.
This is not hyperbole. It's also going to take hospitals that are left to the breaking point.
but what about the freedoms
I've been explaining this over and over and over. Jobs will obviously also be lost as hospitals close and services will no longer get paid
Don probably thinks that everyone that loses a job in healthcare will go dig coal.
The dynamics of the jobs are quite similar, no?
They don't care!
GOP health bill "will close hospitals and nursing homes...disabled children won't get services...people will die."
> 100% horseshit
