thank you!
Outstanding!
Thank you!
Thank you! #DeVos is woefully incompetent.
@NikitaKitty You've made the right decision. Whatever her intentions she would be very damaging to our school system.
@rogueUSedgov
thank you!
thank you
You should block hearings until we've seen #TaxReturns and a full financial audit of #CrookedTrump
Thank you for voting no for DeVos!
Thank you for pledging to vote no against Betsy Devos. How about the rest of the cabinet nominees? #nonequalified
Thank you!
I'm new to the area, but I look forward to voting for you the first chance I get!
Don't discuss who's joining the junta till you know #CrookedTrump isn't compromised, his finances clean, and taxes paid
thank you.
Thank you for standing up for eduction!!
@rogueUSedgov thanks for supporting our American education system by not saying #noDevos
thank you ! i stand with you for all public ed students everywhere
Thank you, sir.
On behalf of my autistic son and I, THANK YOU.
Thank you Senator for expecting higher standards for our leadership and voting #hellno to DeVos.
@rogueUSedgov Thank you
Thank you! You must vote no to DeVos. She is not qualified to be Sec of Education.
@finchfrii Good for you, Senator.
Thank you, Senator Cardin.
thank you. She is quite possibly the least qualified candidate ever
THANK YOU on behalf of all the children of our public school systems
thank you for supporting our children. #DumpDevos
thank you Senator!
Thank you.
- thank you
Thank you, Senator
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for voting NO
Thank you!
. Thank you 4 standing up 4 the most vulnerable in America,the disabled.Seems unqualified,cold,uncaring.Watched this hear 2
Please pressure them. They're weaker than they look.
Once again, Hill Republicans are spending the week deflecting Qs  about Trump. @pkcapitol strikes from Philly. http://wapo.st/2k0XYkK 
Thank you @SenatorCardin!
thank you.
As the parent of a child with disabilities, thank you!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you. Can't get through to your phones: please vote no on Price, Pruitt, and REINS as well.
@StormeWebber Be honest, you're a Teachers Union protectionist. You could care less about the rest.
Thank you!!!
thank you, Senator.  I am grateful.
@ProgressiveJill Yay!
Thank you.
Thank you!
thank you sir!
Thank you! Hoping you can help make sure this charlatan gets denied.
Thank you for doing what is right for children
Thank you for your pledge to vote No on DeVos.
I do not want Betsy DeVos confirmed as Secretary of Education
Thank you, sir.
Thank you thank you thank you!!! 
@PembrokeTF thank you senator
@disp4 Thank you Senator!
Good, and I expect you to do the same with Carson and many other of these nominees.
thank you!
@Venku_Skirata thank you senator. We need people to fight this unprecedented incompetent and unethical cabinet.
Thank you Senator. I support you.
@Sifill_LDF On behalf of my special needs grandson, I thank you.
Thank you Sen Cardin
thank you.
@JLP4488 good for for standing on the side of innocence who don't have a voice yet!
thank you @SenatorCardin!
Thank you, Senator Cardin.
which other congressmen should we contact to also vote no? Thank you!
Thank you for efforts and providing a true voice of reason in this process!
Thank you ! #NoChildLeftBehind
Thank you Sen. Cardin!
When will Sen Cardin stop lying to the American public for political reasons & do what's right for Americans for the 1st time
Thank you!
Thank you!
thank you for voting no on DeVos!!!
Thank you Senator Cardin!
Thank you from New York!
as an American, as a Marylander, & as a mother, thank you for standing up for our children & voting no to Devos
Thank you Senator!
@astraughnomer Thank you for doing the right thing.
thank you for voting NO on #DeVos!
thank you for your no vote for Ms. DeVos. She is an unfit candidate to lead our education system.
Thank you.  DeVos glibly perjured herself when she said a clerical error somehow recorded her as VP of anti-LGBT group.
you are the typical pol, you know Devos doesn't want expensive college nor to hurt disabled. You are childish.
How does the Department of Education improve college affordability? Why hasn't it happened over the last 8-years?
Please also demand to see #CrookedDonald's #TaxReturns
that a boy
Thank you! School children in Maryland - and beyond - deserve better than DeVos! 
Thank you for voting against her. Can you work to get support across the aisle? Proud to have you as senator.
Thank you, yet again.  I may have to move to your state.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you for voting the conscience of your constituents. Unlike others @marcorubio
thank you!
Thanks for voting with your head & heart. Know that millions of Marylanders are behind you as you fight for our future. Peace
thank you for voting no. #devos is unquestionably unqualified

#thankyou times ten, senator !! #DeVosHearing was almost too scary to watch ...
bravo
@ConnectEdProf



Thank you Senator Cardin!
as someone who has spent her life working in special education, I thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you
@UTZAAKE Thank you ! From a Maryland mom of two sons, one with special needs. 
ty
thank you for making me proud Senator!
So please vote no on DeVos! She's wrong for education! Get ur colleagues to do same
Thank you.  You're my senator and it's nice to see you stand up for public education.
Thank you! Proud to call you my Senator.
That's why you're there.
That's the nature of big government and you already know this. You were educated without the "benefit" of federal control 2/2
As the federal government increases involvement with education it will become more expensive with diminishing returns. 1/2
If Dems believe DeVos is the problem, you're wrong; this agenda no commitment to safeguards is frmTrumpRead your History1930s
Thank you, Senator, for standing up for our children.
Thank you.
Thank you!
Senator, Vegas had you voting against this nominee even before the hearings started. Generalities is not a reason to vote no!
Bravo sir.
thank you senator!!!
Thank you!!!
Thank you from your constituents!
senator, the list of why you should vote no is much longer than 140 characters.
as a woman & your constituent, thank u 4 supporting ERA. Keep fighting!
From a teacher who cares for ALL her students - THANK YOU! #DumpDevos @BetsyDeVos
WE LOVE YOU!!!!!!!
thank you for voting no.
Thank you @SenatorCardin for standing with public schools! @carolburris
Thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator Cardin for voting against @BetsyDeVos as Sec of Ed!
 TY. She is totally unsuited, unqualified, ill-prepared and lacking empathy to be an advocate  for our children.
thank you, Senator.
Spread the word!  There's more issues beyond these as well:
@VetsForObama thank you Senator.  Urge more of your peers to do the same.  DeVos will be bad for our schools
thank you Senator!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator.
thank you for standing up for all.students. #votenoonDeVos  #education #disability #DeVosHearing
thank you
Thank you Senator Cardin!
Watching you on CSpan now on Tillerson. Do us proud!
Shout out to you for bringing up religious freedom & lgbt rights!
Smirking w Corker @ women speaking at the break to camera is not a good look for you.
Good call. I support your decision.
Thank you! Now can we swing a few Republicans?
thank you! Maryland MUST also protect our children from her agenda.
thank you Senator
Thank you!  Will save me from having to call your office tomorrow!
@RobertH01920864 Charter schools don't have to adhere to public school standards like providing for students with special nee
holding up in evitable cabinet pics gives you less time to examine trumps policies to draw comparisons for future elections
thank you to you and @ChrisVanHollen
Thank you, Senator! She is clearly wrong for our public education system.
this Marylander is grateful. Thank you for doing what is best, regardless of party affiliation.
Thank you for caring about students.
thank you for representing the people in this decision!
Thank you!
Shame on you for not allowing Mr tiller man to be sec of state. You are not for the American people
@baynardwoods Thank you Senator
thank you!!! #tourettesyndrome
Thanks from a Marylander w/disabled brother. He's long past needing public ed, but my mom gave her all to get rights for all!
Thank you Senator Cardin.
@MSEAeducators thank you!
As a long time public school educator and a grandparent of a child with disabilities, thank you for voting no.
Agreed!  Thank you sir!
@ikassemdallas thank you
Thank you Senator Cardin. As a former teacher I was just about to call your office to express my opposition to the #DeVos apt
Look around what do kids get from college?  lot of debt for nothing. We need vocational schools back.
this would matter and people would actually care about your vote if you weren't going to vote 'no' anyway...
Thank you, Senator Ben Cardin! This is how I want you 2 vote on Betsy DeVos' nomination. #DisasterCabinet #Vote4GoodEducation
THANK YOU!!!!
how much did the NEA "contribute" for you to vote against a child's right to choose? #SchoolChoice
Thank you for standing up for the disabled children.
thank you.
, thank you, thank you! <3
Thank you for your overwhelming support for children with disabilities. DeVos is not on our side.
thank you!
@relevanne Thank you, thank you, thank you!!
Thank you Senator!!! 
thank you 
choice is coming either way!! Pro choice for education too!!! Students lives matter!
try looking at the other side of the coin. She's a bad choice. Sorry your kid is in a shit school.
Thank you for doing your part to take care of our children's public education!
Thank you!
Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you for standing up and fighting for our Maryland children!  Guns have no place in our schools.
- Thank you! She is unfit for the job.
Thank you, sir!
Thank you Senator.
Thank you Senator Cardin for standing up for our children today.
THANK YOU!!!! This is why I voted for you!!
Thank you, Senator.
