Instead of just drawing battle lines need to work on getting the opposition to switch over. Ask yourselves "How do we fix this as a Nation?"
Yes, let's convince lifelong racists and bigots to suddenly decide NOT to vote for the party that bests provides those things to them.
You cannot fix a nationwide issue while leaving out half of the nation(R vs D). GOP healtchcare is a nightmare, but real issues in ACA still
"We're going to make him a ONE TERM PRESIDENT" The pukes have been pissed as hell that he managed to accomplish A/TH
I am not and will not defend McConnell. But to lump everyone with him blindly is as bad as saying all liberals are moochers.
Moon is NOT a Dem nor a Liberal! And MOST all except for Susan & 2 other R's are EXACTLY like McConnell. PLZ. How they diff?
Look at each individuals platform. Take Kasich, take other rep. govs who stood up to trump. It takes all types, even in the Big R.
That party is NOTHING like it once was. That's y they will ZNEVER remove the Con. They wud rather watch him destroy the country 1/
Sure sounds OVER to me!! They're going to b responsible for my death & many other people!! I wish them EVERY disease!!! 
So melodramatic. Be realistic n stop beginning. The new one will b far better.
Really melodramatic? I have the rite2bmelodramatic" just like u have the right to be an insensitive jerk
It's beyond OVER. Those disgusting pukes got EXACTLY what they wanted. They destroyed a black Dem Prez's best thing
It was collapsing
The ACA was NOT collapsing! The pukes have been saying that since it's inception! It wasn't a yr old when they started that LIE
Ok
And think about this: 75% of nursing home patients r on MEDICAID. 75%!! Gonna b a lotta elderly homeless & nh's outta business
And those of u w/ health ins are in 4 a world of hurt! DOESN'T onlyaffect those of us on the ACA!! Just beside myself. So upset
WHAT do u mean it's NOT over? They just voted to REPEAL w/ NO REPLACE! Aren't they going to have 2YRS 2 "TRY" & figure something out? 1/
Please stop the repeal of ACA without comparable replacement.  We need this coverage.
Think about this every night as you go to bed:  MILLIONS are depending on you all----MILLIONS!
Hear me, you had your chance and blew it now shut up and sit down!
We divide American in half! Rep and Trump dose not like disability people! So we need divide American in half!
WE NEED PEACEFUL PROTEST
do your best to save aca or at least stop the worst parts of what the gop will try to push through. be specific, gather allies.

I got to tell you, we're 6 months in and I'm getting tired. Mentally and physically exhausted.
Thank you for all you do...this is so stressful...all so a few can get a tax break...including the family of our president, WOW

You better get off the dangerous drugs you are smoking!!
Public option now. Single payer. Everyone covered regardless. I want to live in a healthy society.
Fight like hell. As one of the mils of Americans with pre-existing conditions, I'm petrified. This cannot stand. Heartless, shameful.
How about we stand together as a nation both on the right and left instead of this BS. You only speak of division! #centrism #HealthcareBill
No you don't I've been telling Senator Van Hollen for months I can't afford premiums that triple & can't afford $14,000 before any coverage!
Give a freakin public OPTION. No mandate, free market. SAME price, benefits, insurers as YOU guys have. End of story, bluff called
You are screwed if plan goes thru bcuz effects not felt until after 2020. U will be "Boys Who Cried Wolf" cuz effects not yet felt. Man up
Then spend $ on free educational outreach. Get free locations, onvite drs and hospital admins to come talk to public.
This is getting lots of RT's
https://twitter.com/EoinHiggins_/status/889923689847939076 …
It's over
412 #Doctors STOLE $1.1 #BILLION UNDER #OBAMECARE How Many @SenateDems TOOK #election CASH from Same Docs. @SenatorMenendez DID #WTF
How about trying to work with the other side?Maybe you can both come up with a solution that works. OR better yet GET OUT OF OUR HEALTHCARE
Democrats have been trying to work bipartisan for months. Trump & Republicans made it clear they don't want to.
Thanks, but my reps are Mark @RepMarkMeadows and @SenThomTillis. And they clearly give fuck all about anything but the Koch brothers.
What if my voice is being heard now by #FullRepeal, does that count? Am I not the right voice? #FreeMarket will save us from #ObamaCare
Work with the GOP to improve the ACA!!! Do something to help Americans instead of making fun, name calling,and criticizing! Fix it!
U can't work w/ ppl if they won't work w/ U. If U R not invited 2 give input.@SenateMajLdr didn't even put GOP women on his #Trumpcare  cmte
Who needs to be "invited" to do their job? Implied when they were voted in to represent the people
@SenatorCardin Stand strong, you're doing the right thing. Don't take ACA's protections away!
Why didn't one of you get up and give a speech like McCain???
Work. Present amendments. Deliver clear concerns/messages. Make it about Americans & not political parties. Lives are on the line!!
Look at all these botts. Not the majority speaking here
I stand to get rid of aca

Disabled single mom taking care of son and elderly dad. Healthcare is essential for all. Let anyone taking insurance away forfeit theirs.
Senate democrats are on red alert because they are afraid that they will be forced to buy Obamacare too. It scares the hell out of them
It can not be a coincidence that the 2 most liberal @GOP senators were both diagnosed with brain cancer. @SenJohnMcCain & Arlen Spector
Seriously?! We have a government in chaos and a corrupt and greedy political party in charge. Trump is insane. 1/2
And you will do...

...exactly what the lobbyists pay you to do.
Ocare has failed. Don't protest. Work w HOP to make a better one instead of obstructing
I called, got an answering machine, left my No vote,  received a call back, I answered, the call was dropped, was my vote counted?

We must defeat you at every level.  Repeal, repeal is the cry of the day.
this MDsez  "yes" when asked if she would willing take pay cut for universal healthcare- watch and share
Episode 3: "Dear Doctor, Would You Take a Pay Cut?" https://youtu.be/of4cnN9alwc  via @YouTube
@realdonaltrump
video "I don't want to pay for someone else's health care!" Know what? You already do. Share this!
Episode 2: I Don't Want To Pay For Someone Else's Healthcare!" https://youtu.be/u4mhRmYoBAY  via @YouTube
Retweet to @realdonaldtrump
I wouldn't mind paying for someone else's HC if all my medical wasn't out of pocket until I pay my premium and meet my $6000 ded
watch and share this MD for Universal healthcare
Episode 1: "Medical Loss?" https://youtu.be/dEa8j6F_DLU  via @YouTube

A quick explanation of what your premiums actually buy
But we need people like @jameslankford to listen as well.
Your Social programs funded by TAXPAYERS $$ to Ppl who takes advantage of others without giving anything in return

https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/889947683116527616 …
Ask Americans... is this what you voted for ?  Ask it everyday by every spokesperson.turn votes... IS THIS WHAT YOU VOTED FOR...???
We don’t need Gov Health Care! U can’t depend on Government! Ins Co dream is Mandated insurance. Provided by prostituted politicians!
Thanks to @senatedems and @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski who voted no on a mtp. Pls keep fighting to keep healthcare for millions
#whatshesaid #savehealthcare
Stand united, do not falter. People's lives are at stake. Do the right thing.
I was proud of all 48 of you today! Thank you for continuing to fight for us.
I just want to cry every single day.
John McCain has tarnished his status forever and sealed his legacy today!!!
My voice says REPEAL ACA. Market healthcare Ins.  Demand providers list costs for everything.
But yet you do nothing.  You have no power fighting against a true enemy of the State.
You are naive to actually believe that a come back is possible even if the votes are there to vote them out WAKE UP - IT IS ALREADY FIXED!

Seriously what should we do that we haven't been doing for months? The @SenateGOP have no soul and have shown themselves to be elitist.
I hope they consider the impact not only on patient care but on physician livelihood ,hospitals, medical employees. We Already see layoffs!!
That was taking place years ago ACA is collapsing
What do you do when your senators tweet/post in favor of repeal using language straight out of Trumps mouth/tweets? #frustrated #healthcare
O'care is dead now
The A/C/A SAVES LIVES FACT.

Why is it none of you can sit down as adults to discuss this? We the people are getting sick of this. If you can't let us vote on it.
You mistake this for a refusal to cooperate when it's Republicans trying to prevent bipartisan solutions.
We did that when we voted, now do your job.

THANK YOU, WE LOVE YOU!
Why not just all work together. Obamacare is broken. GOP is weak. Compromise. Work together. Seems like the adult thing to do @SenateGOP
ACA is not healthcare
We love debate! Americans love to argue just make sure there aren't guns cause we'll use them.
See. Obstructionism incarnate. ACA is broken. Let's fix our health care system TOGETHER!
We aren't ever going to be "together" with racists, bigots, sadists. Democrats would have to destroy civil rights values to do that, so NO.
62% of the population screams "Single-Payer" and you don't seem to hear that.
What are D senators doing? Are you reaching out to your Republican colleagues, convince them to vote against repeal? We can't do it alone!
Have you seen/heard or such of the Wonderful Republicans reaching across the isle? Nope. They even admitted they WILL not work with the Dems
Not my point - what are D senators doing to help in this fight? Can they talk to the R's to try to convince them to vote no?
Not public speeches, but private, one-on-one conversations in order to help persuade? Is that permutable and if so, is it happening?
I think and want this to happen. Both sides need to set differences aside for a change, for the best for the citizens of The USA.
Yes fam, it's over.
Please. Stand strong. This is absurd.
