Wow @realDonaldTrump pardons Sheriff Arpaio who was convicted of criminal contempt for violating civil rights. Without DOJ recommendation
The President and Arpaio share contempt for the law and minorities.
The federal court system is not made up of "illegals."
Where do we need "the wall?" Around the greatest threat to Democracy, the demagogue of 1600 PA Ave NW #Impeach #Remove @SueinRockville
THIS is the only wall America needs to keep US safe & tell the world we are sorry!
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Today the President punished the innocent and pardoned a criminal.
Wrong, Obama pardoned more criminals and commuted more prison sentences than any other President.  Get your facts straight
You have sadly missed the point.
Congress needs to act to get this treasonous white supremacist pres OUT! Time is running out!!!#impeachtrump #resist #25thAmendmentNOW
Wawawa  you need a diaper change you stink..
How old are you betty?? That was a very immature response.
Yeah I was pretending to be one of the "nasty women" DEMOCRATS .. did I get that acting part Yet? Lol #MAGA
Keep working on it. You have the trump follower thing down perfectly though!
I hope so.. because dealing with the liberals that drink dirty toilet water for that special kind of stupid, is energy draining #MAGA
Get him out. Chain yourself to something. DO SOMETHING. Look up @AylinNazliaka for what parliamentary bravery looks like.

This was just political revenge justice. Where was the trial by jury. many people in his district had just positive things to say. Go Trump
And Obama's pardons were just fine with you. I smell a RAT.
Absolutely ridiculous this was another example of politics entering the justice system very shameful. Thank God for Donald Trump.
Please hold him accountable. There may not be much U can do but pls use your platform to inform public how outrageous this is
Another norm trampled on the road to autocracy.
Illegals DO NOT HAVE CIVIL RIGHTS!!!!!!
Really, where did  your family come from?
Sen. how about revisiting the law, I think is too much power vested on one man, I think congress should have a say
THE DO NOTHING CONGRESS WHO ONLY FEATHERS THEIR OWN NEST?
My heart is breaking! Everything that was good and valued in our country is being destroyed! #ImpeachTrump
Where do you live, it has been forge last 20 years. Now you just wake up.
Don't get panties in a bunch.  Obama commuted sentence of traitor & transgender, Chelsea Manning.  Convicted of espionage! that's an outrage
Yes it is very disgusting that he was ever indicted to begin with. The real criminals are the ones who changed the rules without a debate.
Ben can B replaced in 2018.  He wants to protect illegals over citizens.  Allow them 2 usurp social services and chance pandemic over Wall?
Sheriff Joe charged w/contempt.  Chelsea Manning charged w/espionage & aiding the enemy.  Endangered soldiers & country.  Perspective?
Making such a big deal that Sheriff Joe was pardoned when Obama pardoned Chelsea Manning for espionage & aiding the enemy?  You're a joke!
Where was outrage when Obama  pardoned 1,927 Fed criminals?  Commuted sentences of 1,715, of which 504 were lifers, & Manning 4 espionage!
Mostly it was common sense. Got. And courts are going crazy. Who are going to be illegals around the Mex border Duh. Hispanic a race how?
Sad day where the constitution is ignored.  @realDonaldTrump continues path to dictatorship.  We all need to be scared and speak up! #Resist
Actually, this is actually in the COTUS...unlike most most of the shit y'all claim is in there..like free health insurance
Of course Andrea. It hardly up to the muster of the pardoning of that 'patriot' Mark Rich or Chelsea Manning.  Thanks PMSNBC for nothing
He just squatted all over " Sessions "...
Some background on Arpaio. This is the criminal Trump just pardoned.
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
And this thread
If you're not disgusted enough: read this on how Arpaio's office botched 400 sex-crime cases, many involving kids  http://archive.boston.com/news/nation/articles/2011/12/04/critics_tough_sheriff_botched_sex_crime_cases/ … 
Impeach Trump!
IMPEACH and CONVICT. POTUS is destroying the moral fiber of America.
But #Obama pardoning all these is ok?
I hope civil suits are brought.
IMPEACH!
Oh stop hes 85;  Obama is just doing this cause he proved Obama gave a FAKE BIRTH CERTIFICATE!
Impeach him!!!  Find something!!!
@strongmajority @mitchellreports But her emails! Would you consider trump 'untrustworthy' yet? Asking for a female friend!
Only sliver of good news. Acceptance of guilt.
So what are you going to do about it other than tweet?
#ImpeachHimNow
Hey Ben were you this mad when Obama pardoned a traitor to our Country and all those drug dealers.  No?  That is why you are a hack.
But no Pardon for Leonard Peltier. Right. **smgdh**
Impeach this creep PLEASE
Sheriff Arpaio's case was on appeal, he admitted nothing by accepting a pardon. You never complained when POTUS Obama pardoned drug dealers.
Horrible
Excellent point!
#Resist time to take to the streets
Get him out of office senate must unite with congress and save the country
Please, do something before he destroys our democracy
WINNING!!! 401. JOBS. BORDER. NO EXPENSIVE ABSENTIE TRANNY'S. FORIEGN STRENGTH. UNDOING STUPID EFFEMA (obama) SPENDING. WINNING!!! hehe ...
Obama also pardoned a traitor to this country , where's your outrage?
you and the rest of the left would do so in a heartbeat
Obama pardoned CRACK dealers, this Sheriff risked his life for years protecting citizens, what did the crack dealer do ?
The guy is like 85 years old - let it go
Get him OUT
Another shit show Friday!
Yeah, let's jail him for cooperating with a government agency, makes sense, morons.
Please.....enough is enough. He has to go.
FU Cardin, your pals, anti/American Obama and Holder, should be imprisoned for their persecution of Sheriff Joe.
Obummer pardons 1927 people, including traitors, not a peep from you cry babies, Trump pardons One and you fools go crazy. Hypocrites
But Obama was awesome, and 45 is, well, so pathetic.
He is unfit for office
Please do something.
He has no care #25thAmendmentNow

But no issue with Obama releasing 3/4s of GETMO Terriorists,  3 of 10 picked up weapons and went back to the fight... Unfathomable...
Prove it
This has got to be an #Impeachable offense. This experiment called @realDonaldTrump has got to end. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Well do something about it invoke the twenty-fifth amendment you know he is not in his right mind get him out or are you too chicken
Nothing will come of this. We will just continue to be outraged and Trump will keep dividing the country. We are basically yelling at a wall
Lefty nuts are dividing the country.  Grow up, you can try again in 3.5 years.
So everyone Obama or Clinton pardoned were guilty?
Thank you! Now that he's accepted the guilt won't there be civil cases?
It's unbelievable. Why isn't Congress taking action??? #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump
impeach him he is unfit to serve
Cardin is a Democrat, they are all unfit to serve, but I don't think we should impeach him just because he is a Democrat.
Clinton pardoned actual criminals. Obama pardoned drug lords. And YOU"re upset bec T45 pardoned an LEO jailed for doing his job?
#hypocrite
Impeachable?
That's okay. When Mueller's done, both of them will be in pink suits in the Arizona heat.
#FUCKTRUMPYMCFUCKWADLES
Let the civil suits begin...unleash the Kracken. #MakeHimPoor
LMAO yeah, they tried that, she lost in November! Remember?
