Criminals dont obey (gun) laws - thats why we call them criminals.
Duh
Responsible gun owners (non-criminals) are not the problem. Tired of your ilk trying to disarm american citizens, to leave us vulnerable
So Paddock is not the problem? He was a non-criminal.
Geewhiz I go out on a limb and say he sort of became a criminal
Ya think?
Nonsensical argument, criminals don't obey laws, so why bother having laws. Share your solutions so we can move forward.
I agree. Would never advocate no laws. We already have gun laws and I obey them. Some dont and never will. New laws will not stop criminals
Laws are put into place to prevent criminal acts. I obey them, as well. 
But again, what's your solution to gun violence?
Here is a simple graphic on how #guncontrol laws work
Also, aren't fully automatic weapons already illegal?
They were in 1986, you need a federal permit to obtain one.
He had 18-20 guns. #GunControlNow
How many lives did laws save in the Charlie Hebdo attacks? Bataclan? Why do you want to arm criminals and leave citizens defenseless?
You make this too easy. Somalia famine 1992. Armed citizens had food. Unarmed citizens starved to death. Common sense wins every time!
?? We are talking about mass shootings in the United States of America.
No one was starving. One man was committing an act of terrorism on the USA. We need to prevent it from happening again.
Never let a tragedy go to waste. Cars, bats, knives, medical malpractice all kill way more than guns.
Evidence is right there. More guns equal less crime. Chicago Detroit California NY. Despite strict gun laws lead USA in crime.
Guns are banned in Chicago lmao. Strictest gun laws in the nation. Only criminals have the guns.
Point still stands cars, knives, alcohol, medical malpractice drugs all kill more. Why don't we go back to horse and buggies then.
Senator- respectfully, you are not smart enough to mow my lawn. You should be barred from lawmaking. Auto-weapons are ALREADY ILLEGAL.
Re-retweeting
Lots of NRA trolls and bots working OT tonight. There is NO reason for anyone to own a semi automatic or automatic gun. NONE

With Putin funds, btw. http://www.thedailybeast.com/top-trump-ally-met-with-putins-deputy-in-moscow …
Newtown Connecticut and Las Vegas are both tragedies which should wake congress
up if it doesn't a lot of people should be forced to resign
And if you can't do it with 5-6 bullets up close, UR dead anyway. How is firing 1000s of bullets from 32 stories above a crowd self defense?
Never said it was & u know I didn't. 
Sorry, but that's the logical flow of your thought. If you are all or nothing against #GunControlNow, you're for the kind of guns used in LV

Literally no sane person in America thinks they have this "right". 
... with your usual view toward real dicussion or communication, can't help it, can you?

Thank you 4 common sense Senator. Stop this gun insanity. No more thoughts & prayers. Strict limits now. Gun lovers can find other toys.
need to be laid off your not accomplishing enough but your living on the
hard work of the American people you are paid to action
There were NO automatic weapons used in this attack. Paddock also had explosives and a bomb would've killed twice as many.
Fear is no reason to trample on liberty, rights, means of self defense. Far too many have died fighting for #2A and liberty--not hunting.
Automatic's are already ilegal dumbass!
Guns don't kill people. People kill people.
You aren't calling for a ban on automobiles and they kill more people. Don't care, or just a hypocrite? Just ban means of resisting tyranny?
And far more people are killed in auto accidents every year. Why no call for a ban? That would be a personal inconvenience?
If you can't think critically, stay out of conversations where it's expected. Save your emotional vomit and feelings for someone who cares.
When you don't educate yourself on a topic yet have the usual liberal knee jerk reaction you look like a fool, Semi Auto Dude ! Not Auto
Another ignorant politician that, while folks are bleeding to death, tries to score political points.. Unbelievable..
or be impeached this is no joking matter Lets stop waiting for the next psycho
to gather a arsensenal and kill innocent people
idiot
Ben no gun control law is constitutional. I will keep my Oath. You should as well! Stop politicizing the death of victims.
Do you have even the FIRST CLUE what the 2A is for?  Hint: it's not ducks, it's tyrants.  See the VA flag.
Very unfortunate in Vegas. Guns like this are meant to protect citizens from a fascist government takeover by the left wing.
Lol fascists are right wing bro
Incorrect bro. The hoods are on the left now. Always knew, just took MAGA to bring the real fascists out. lol at your lol.
The right to bear arms in our constitution isn't about duck hunting but ability to militarily take on gov that tries hijacking the Republic
You should encourage Congress not to rest until you Pass a Gun Bill  We have had 
too many tragedies  otherwise some government officials
The 2nd Amendment is not about hunting
Invent "United People (UP) or peace world center"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XN7H1773Fg8&t=325s … 
https://youtu.be/zqva378rKMg 
(From an IRANIAN civil engineer)
Automatic Guns Are Already Banned!! Shooter used a modified Stock on Semi
Don't listen.  2nd amendment not granted to go hunting, it to protect us if government becomes tyrannical.   Do you want to be outgunned?
When I get a reply and it includes insults, cursing & drug language I know its a Leftie. I block foul mouthed tweeters
The 2nd amendment wasnt created to hunt deer. Its for when tyrants like u try to impose your unwanted will on WE THE PEOPLE
R u gonna form a militia as per second amendment? Didn't think so. Constitution is living document made to change and evolve
I just may. When has the supreme court ruled by majority out constitution is a living, breathing document changing with time?
The supreme Court doesn't have to it's what founding fathers wanted you obviously r clueless to what 2nd amendment says n Constitution
The founders wanted volunteer state militias because they didnt want a large standing army and centralized power. Have u read the const.?
So do pressure cookers
And box trucks... And box cutters on airplanes...
And MSM will never report it. Your comments are spot on. I stand w/my fellow citizen's against "The Wolf in sheep's clothing" Progressives.
You should know that automatic weapons are already banned. If you didnt know that, you are in the wrong job.
Converter was selling at our local gun show. Utube shows how to
I don't use words like this in front of kids, but your point is well taken. "The teeth of the Constitution, is the 2nd. Amendment" God bless
Nowhere in the Constitution does it say deer and rabbits are threats that require a Militia to guard against.
I'm going to assume you were directing that to the Congressman?
inevitable that you would use this to promote gun control - nevermind mourning for at least 24hours. Sad.
So when *is* the right time?
Well let's get their bodies off the streets first. 2nd the gun used is already illegal.
Yes, please do additional legislation outlawing automatic weapons. It clearly didn’t work and congress clearly has failed at gun control.
You want him to double outlaw them? They are already illegal
Yes I know. Sarcasm on twitter isn’t always easy on Twitter
My bad - not paying enough attention 
Name one law that would have stopped any of these shootings. Automatics are illegal now! Did that law stop anything? Murder is illegal too!
Put your money where your mouth is senator- disarm yourself and your guards, THEN we'll discuss ours.
Curious if you understand the intent of 2A?
Chicago has the toughest gun laws in the country and the highest murder rate from shootings. I guess criminals don't care about gun laws!
Senator our world has turn evil , we have turned away from God and unless we turn back to Our Lord God nothing will change .
Are you BRAIN DEAD ???  Automatic weapons are already illegal!
I was waiting for the politics to sway to disarming people. Government sponsored gun control is more dangerous than guns in the street.
Sports cars aren’t needed going from point A to point B, work to home. They’re meant for speed and speeding kills people too often.

With all due respect, unfortunately this is not the worst mass shooting in US history.
Ummmm...pssssstt...their already illegal 
WHEN WILL WE FIND THE COURAGE TO STOP THIS- WHO WILL STEP UP AFTER DECADES OF DEBATE.
hey autos are/were already banned.  No law stopped the use.
There is a law against murder--That doesn't stop anyone.   What makes you think more laws are the answer.   The only thing more laws do is make politicians self worth go up.
Automatic weapons are also highly regulated, the legal owners veted.  My brother owned three, never killed.  Wait for all facts
This is such BS. now isnt the time too start this crap again. Let thing's die down some geez. Again, its not the dang guns fault. #ccp4life
Thank you for this statement, Senator! I appreciate your leadership!
Senator, you know perfectly well the 2A wasn't written for hunters Before you tweet a stupidity like that be aware we're not all democrats
Auto guns already banned. Every mass shooting over last 20 yr's has 1 thing in common, it's not guns. all perpetrators on psychotropic drugs
Good thing he did not use a truck like the attacker in France who killed 86, would you be calling for a ban on trucks?
I'm not protecting myself from ducks. I'm protecting myself from the terrorists and gangs you allow to cross our open borders.
That's why they are banned already. Are you proposing a 500 page law to ban them again?
Pass responsible regulations now. "A well regulated militia....."
They’re illegal. Do we need another law to make them double illegal
AUTOMATIC weapons are banned. You are working for us and you don't even  know the facts.God bless the victims and shame on you.
They're already illegal, you voted for it.
We didn't elect you to remove our RIGHTS!! #HellNoToGunControl
U can’t b serious. Automatic weapons are almost never used in citizen crime. I can’t even believe u posted that.
The second amendment is there to protect us from tyranny and exorbitant taxation.   .  Protect us from lifetime politicians
@BreitbartNews That's why they are banned....
Who uses an automatic weapon for hunting also...the 2nd amendment is not intended for hunting sir.
Abilify is the best selling psych drug in America, w/9M prescriptions monthly. Up to 90k taking it experience homicidal thoughts.
the sale of automatic weapons should be the military exclusively! As for silencers Hillary is right how many deaths if people hadn't heard
#Dummy automatic weapons are already illegal
Ain't you a genius! let's think about the injured instead of talking politics.
And silencers. Why are silencers needed??
Trying to turn this into a political advantage? Shameful. Glad I moved out of Maryland. It's a socialist state.
Thank you, sir! I appreciate your leadership and passion on this issue.
So do drugs. They r illegal. How's that stopping drug deaths?
HAY GUYS WHY DON'T WE JUST BAN KILLING PEOPLE?!
This is the first time an automatic weapon has ever been used dumb ass
I'm going to be nice and simply suggest you do a little research and have your staff double check your releases for accuracy
we have the 2a not to hunt but so that we can fight back if the government comes for our rights or we get attacked by foreign invaders
Dear Senator - Please read the law.  Automatic weapons have been banned for 22 years.  (I'm not even a Senator, and I know that!)
Why do we manufacture so many guns? Start there
Do you libs EVER get tired of making yourselves look stupid?
How many ppl are killed a year by a car/truck being driven onto a sidewalk into a crowd? Was,it the car or the driver at fault?
We dont use automatic weapons to hunt game that's illegal . And criminals don't follow any law hence the name criminals
The 2nd Amend is not there in case the deer go crazy. It's there to protect us from you. Never forget that. Shall not be infringed. Period
I agree with you Senator there is no reason for US civilians to have access to automatic weapons.
Our forefathers didn't have revolvers,semis or automatics. They only had muskets. Need automatic outlawed and only 5 guns/person.
Sen. Ben-you're acting, badly. This murderous bastard broke many, many laws to effect his murders.  Disarming law-abiding protects NO one.
I'll ask again what law do you support that would stop a criminal from getting a gun? I'm waiting
We need to ban Politicians like you. When are you up for re election?
How do you confiscate all the guns? Are you suggesting door to door searches, stop and frisk, shutting down borders & coasts?
Many colleges and universities offer history courses. You should pursue that.
Did the killer legally purchase all the rifles that he shot 500 people with?  I just think assassin's don't purchase registered guns.
For the record I support Gun control but gun control doesn't take guns from criminals, only law abiding citizens. Not a solution.
Senator, your Tweet absolutely proves our point; gun criminals will not follow gun laws. Gun laws only serve to disarm law abiding citizens.
Read the 2nd Amendment. Being in office I'm sure you were to have already known that.
the gun he used was already  illegal.
people who wish to kill others dont care about the law
Truth is not a left wing value
The second amendment isn't about hunting,it is the last fail safe against tyrannical overreaching government. Don't confuse the two reasons
I'm so tired of this. When the Sissies faced this they banned guns. We need to follow suit.
*Aussies
Never waste an opportunity Senator, sad

IMac weapons are needed to defend ourselves from Rogue government takeover attempts incidental things like this are horrible but unavoidable
I wish you luck convincing the lobbyists on the other side of the aisle to set profit aside and consider their constituents for a change.
There is no good argument for people to own weapons of mass destruction. NOT ONE.
You can find out which of your elected officials are owned by the NRA and vote them out of office.
stop the attack on gun ownership
I use a semi-automatic to hunt ducks and it works quite well. It's a Beretta A390 and it's never killed anyone. Look it up.
The majority of Americans back this! Keep speaking up!
Can we bury our dead?
It was asked at the press briefing in Las Vegas. 
No politics.
While you're at it Senator, make drugs illegal too, would ya?
They're already illegal silly. Also what if there are like, a lot of ducks
Liar or just stupid? It's one or the other.
Automatic weapons are not even legal. If one person in the crowd had a scoped rifle this massacre could have stopped.
in case you missed it Senator all guns are designed to kill.  It's not the MEANS by which one acts it's the choice.
BEN, Chicago super strict gun laws - how is that working out?
Hunting has nothing to do with anything you POS
idiot
Make a law banning murder.....
Jibberish from the Senator! Let's do away with all your security detail and all the security from every elected official FIRST, for starters
Thank you Senator Cardin!  We need to get rid of automatic weapons in our households!
Serious question...how long have you been holding on to this statement? About a year?
Well stated time for the boys on the hill to grow some balls and take action!!! People's lives are far more valuable!!!
Why don't you provide statistics on how often automatic firearms kill people in America and prove you're not just another anti-2A vulture.
Do you actually think automatic weapons are available for civilian purchase without NFA process? Those guns were illegally converted.
Great idea, resign....
1: Illegal to own full auto weapons since the eighties
2: Show me in the 2A anything to do with deer or ducks. 
Casually waiting your reply.
Don't these people have staff to get all the facts prior to opening there mouth? Automatic weapons are already banned.
Automatic weapons are already banned right?
Automatic weaons are ALREADY illegal.
How often have full auto guns been used in crimes?
Many AH's say "guns don't kill the people kill people" that's BS clearly GUNS KILL PEOPLE
Wrong.  I refer you to the FBI.
Yes.  Ban automatic weapons!  Oh wait they're already banned.  Which state do you represent?  I'd like to have the opportunity not 2 vote 4u
No, they're not.
The 2nd amendment was put into place to fight a tyrannical government. So either you're too ignorant to govern or are a liar. Which is it?
Deer hunters don’t own automatic weapons
Tell US how gun control would have prevented this (or any other) tragedy. Begin w/ the existing case study on your leftist capital,Chicago.
SIT DOWN, educate yourself, & stop placating to globalist, lying, leftist, liberals on the back of people's tragedies! No more gun control!
You’re a Senator, right?
You know “automatic weapons” are already illegal, right?
Can’t wait 24 hours to politicize.
What a POS!
Gun control works well in Chicago. You have to have an FFL to own an automatic weapon unless you are a Criminal. Think B4 you run ur mouth
The type of firearm used in Las Vegas is already illegal in the United States... U should educate yourself on the Hughes act of 1986 (FOPA).
automatic weapons are banned senator .
You don't know the difference between an automatic and a semi-automatic weapon do you?
They are already banned.
And I agree no one needs illegal automatic weapons such as this crazy guy. Meanwhile leave me alone.
Automatic weapons are already banned dummy.
They are very useful to the people to keep leftist big gvt types from using force against its citizens.
64k drug overdose deaths last year.  But wait drugs are illegal.
you may want to resign. y'all already banned automatic weapons, murder, assault, & cocaine and heroin, your laws not working in balt either
They were banned years ago you might want to check the lawbooks you do write laws after all. Also an AR 15 sucks at killing wild pigs
Long past time to STOP uniquely American MASSACRES. When?? Remember Sandy Hook? What will it take??
Ducks? With automatic rifles?
Auto weapons are already banned. You need to retire yesterday
there is a way. Criminals are always going to find a way to commit their crimes, no matter how many laws you pass. Because they're criminals
First off, more people were killed by a truck in Nice, France, than by this nutjob, are you going to ban trucks now? Where there is a will;
Cardin, unless you are privy to the evidence, which I seriously doubt that you are (if you were, on what grounds?) kindly shut up about this
The second amendment is not about hunting deer or ducks.
Why do you want to take guns from people who have committed no crime?
(((Cardin))) should fix his own sad state before pontificating.

But oy vey! that would mean disarming his golem in Baltimore and PG first!
Illegal automatic weapons are still illegal
Someone who doesn't know any better. Shame
