Senator where was the debate on Obama Care? It was passed in the middle of night without Republican participatation.
The @HouseGOP is pulling a slow coup d'etat, ripping all the parameters of government down with no resistance from within.
It's a fine question. @MitchMcConell is taking a play right from the authoritarian rulebook, not the American one.
We are no longer the "world's greatest" anything. We have quickly become a joke to the world & an untrustworthy ally.
.   True
Difference between deliberating and whining.
Please start proceedings to censure @SenateMajLdr for his throttling of @SenWarren right to debate and speak
I teach history & government. Both parties do this in both houses & have done so for AT LEAST 20 years.
when did "you're racist" qualify as debate?
This is all so distressing.  It seems there has been no debating for quite awhile now.  Something must be done!
not when the republicans are in control & abuse their power
In my opinion. Both sides abuse their power
No, thanks to the GOP we lost that the ability to call ourselves the greatest at anything.
please give this time
NO because you all HARMED AMERICANS YOU SIDE & TOOK $ GEORGE SOROS WHO IS EVIL. BUSH CLINTON OBAMA LIBERAL ARE CIA CRIMINAL
& Trump is being investigated rightfully so for nefarious ties to Russia unless @SenateMajLdr silences that 2
Thank you for being my Senator.  Thank you for being part of the #resistance. Thank you from this woman #Ivote
First they take our voice
Get on with it stop dragging all of everyone's. Feet!!!!
@SenateDems please take the torch and read the letter on the floor.
There's been a backroom deal between @realDonaldTrump and the @HouseGOP to silence, disparage, and discredit the opposition.
unfortunately Congress gave up deliberative when Obama was in..obstruction apparently only way to go.
@lisamocowomen Keep strong.Keep fighting.  What can we do to help? We thank you for all your hard work.
the British parliament is
thank you
Thank you. You are right. As a resident of Maryland I strongly support you. Sen. Warren should have been allowed to speak.
funny how so many of you praised Jeff Sessions for his stances but when he is up for appointment he turns into a racist.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR STANDING UP FOR OUR FREEDOM
You guys didn't relish debate so much when you were in the majority. Funny how that works.
Sorry Senator. Liz clearly violated Sen rule XIX.Look it up.McConnell was right to shut her down.
Damn Warren SMACK DOWN just wish that I had seen it. The Party of NO are the Democrats.
Are you suggesting @SenatorSessions be allowed to rebut by reading @realDonaldTrump tweets calling @SenWarren Fauxchahontas?
For the past 8 years, no.
not even close...sadly
Can you get any GOP Senators to ABSTAIN from Sessions vote (that way they don't have to vote No - just ABSTAIN)
People saying she "broke the rules"- last time it was used was 115 years ago when 2 Senators got into a fist fight.
#resist senate floor bullies who mute any1 sharing Sessions' black voter suppression history. #letlizspeak #stopsessions
Certainly wasn't while Harry Reid was running the Senate
I guess not it seems that we are entering an age  bigotry.  Please try to stop thid
When you have the floor, please read #CorettaScottKing's letter. #Persist #Resist #LetLizSpeak
Every Democratic senator should read the letter from the floor tomorrow! #resist
We haven't been for a while, since @GOP just spouts lies all day long. Sickening & makes me ashamed.
@SenateMajLdr You refused to "allow" a female Senator to read a pertinent letter written by a female Civil Rights leader?
Proud Marylander Thanks You for your commitment against Sessions & 4 #letlizspeak why @SenateMajLdr use proslavery xix 19 ?
@joand315
good one
When the so-called president makes up 3 million illegal voters? What is there to debate?
@maddow
No, we're NOT! We've become The United States of Trump! The #GOP has silenced free speech on its own floor
deliberative body within the scope of the rules.
no. Apparently we secretly became a fascist state recently. Opposing viewpoints are silenced & we have "alternative facts".
No.  That is why I no longer vote Republican.  The GOP is run by nimrods.

Not if it breaks the rules. Why u purposely redirecting what happened? She broke a rule, she got asked 2sit down, no problem
@babsben No shit Shut this UnAmerican activity down
America is tired of the do nothing Senate. Time to grow up
@SenateMajLdr McConnel In case this point has slipped your demented mind.
you should try to read the letter she wasn't allowed to
There is a hunger for real debate and decisions based on the argument. Yes. Let her speak!
bye bye 1st Amendment
even the 1st Amendment had rules governing its use.
in·san·i·ty - inˈsanədē/:  doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. Your incessant Rhetoric!
no, we are now trumpmerica. The rules have changed. POC, women, minority religions all are silenced. We are Germany, 1933
rule 19 specifies another senator Could @SenWarren read the letter unchallenged if it was an appointee who was not a senator?
guess not! #shameonsenate
fight the good fight. Read the letter out loud.
not in a dictatorship! So sad something is not being done! Racists exposed!
Apparently, not. I think that may belong to UK Parliament... for a while now.
Canada and UK do it much better
why aren't all t D's standing w CSK & Warren by readg the letter too?
LMAO honestly senator y'all haven't been worth a damn since the mid 90's
oh now you don't like senate rules huh- bet you're gonna hate the #nuclearoption Reid gifted us
it looks like it depends on who is involved in the debate
Sen. Cardin, please read the letter on the floor!
