Dad
Please come back. I'll do anything
How is it that the POTUS has not wished him well yet,but former POTUS  and Mrs Clinton have?  Why am I not surprized!!
I'm with him!
Give cancer the same fight you gave as a pow you can beat this
I agree.  He is in our prayers.
not what you said in 2008 - 2009
Miss you O! Fight on John!
Fala varal Obama!
Thank you, Mr. President, for continuing to lead with dignity.
You are an American hero as well.  #gracebeforepolitics
.
Hopefully he doesn't have Obama Care.. $2 million deductible 
I forgot what a gentleman tweets! Thanks for the reminder!
We miss you as President, you did America proud
Graceful Barack Obama. Those who believe should add a word of prayer for McCain. I wish him God's grace.
good news John McCain have #Obamacare #Obama
This My President!  Love you.
What would you know about being brave ? OBUMMER
We miss you
Thank you Mr President.
Why doesn't his betrayal and having to be pardon by Richard Nixon for the information disclosed that cause many lives to be taken come up
Because that never actually happened
Well, if snopes says so...
It doesn't "say so", it presents sources and evidence. Where's yours?
There's plenty of evidence out there of McCain's 'underhanded activities.' I'm on the fence with the guy.
That's sad, you're so classy! Call me, I wanna know what you and Michelle really think bout this mess!! K? Call me!!
Missing you more & more everyday #Obama
Obama and trump are freemasons on the same satanic team... #FLATEARTH #losangelesmilitia #KILLUMINATI #disobeypropaganda #pizzagate #f2b
Bravest fighters you've known? Based on what? The millions he, Bush, Clinton and yourself killed in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Yemen?
McCain is a Vietnam vet....you might wanna check your war history
Xalooo
I had my disagreements with you, but I miss you sir.  You never realize how good you had it until its gone
I know now how safe it felt during previous admins, now that a madman is at the wheel. Now I'm constantly uneasy.
Trump supporters are very understanding and make us feel very safe.
Wow. I read your tweets all the time and have never noticed your ethnicity. I guess I haven't been paying attention. I dont look at the pic!
Donald Trump is the most selfish person I have ever seen
At least trump aint a murder like killary and obama
Do you really think that Trump ist the better president?
My family and I miss you, Mr. President.
Obama looking like America's hot ex-girl who moved on and we never deserved in the first place.
Trump is the gross rebound hookup that happened at last call at the bar that we're ashamed to tell ppl about.
President Trump on his worst day makes your 8 years look like a joke. You abuse your power and the trust of the Americans. We won't forget!
We all love you.  #stillourPresident
This is his *personal* account--it is not @POTUS. Read before you react. Comprehend before you speak.
Barrack Hussein Obama is NOT the president ANYMORE!
And you people talk about the other side being crybabies...

.@BarackObama still think he the President! Take away his check mark Twitter! he got Fake info in his bio he his not @POTUS. 
Once a president, always a president.
They are still addressed as President Carter, President Bush, President Clinton, President Bush, and President Obama.
True American patriot 
Respect, honor, integrity and mutual admiration - you both represent the best of American politics.

How far we've fallen.
*sigh* I miss this man.
I always admired Obama. Now that he's no longer POTUS, I appreciate him 10000x more. Him and Mrs. Obama.
The class & grace they embodied as first family is so glaringly absent at this time with the Trumps. We need somebody to step up & save us.
We need someone to rally around, but we need to save ourselves. I'm voting, calling (my reps) pushing as much as I can against GOP/Trump.
thank you!! keep calling!!
I'm so blessed to have two fierce women in charge who have our back: @KamalaHarris & @SenFeinstein. Been calling anyway. #resist
Imagine Trump ever saying something like this.
Trump on McCain: "I like people who weren't captured"
It's really incredible to think that our current president was live tweeting a golf tourney the other day but has yet to tweet about this.
This is how you lead a nation, with class & grace & compassion. Best wishes to @SenJohnMcCain on a speedy recovery.
I miss #44
You are not alone. I miss him more when he steps forward to show how simple it is to be kind & caring, such as this tweet for Sen. McCain. 
His POTUS rival, no less
Why does your bio still say President?
So many TSups are too ignorant to understand or remember, once President always addressed as & referred to as President. Get an education...
Check out all the other Presidents twitter that all say former President! Get educated!
In the US, all past presidents keep the title for life. Like doctors. Not sure about in your country or language.
Look at the threat you left this country in By ignoring North Korea, if anything happens to blood is on your hands!
We miss you, sir. 
American heroes? What happened to wishing our USA happy birthday? Oh yeh I forgot! You & Michelle are ashamed of this country. GladURGone!
That's made up bullshit
BO omitting our 4th July celebration to travel abroad to his Indonesian home was equivalent to #TakeAKnee during our anthem at a ballgame.
Obama is a man of honor!!!                                           But @realDonaldTrump is not a man of honor !!!
Obamas not even a man
More of a man than you will ever be
Obama said more in this tweet that it is of significance & meaningful than Mafia Don has said in any forum since stealing office
So damn true Shannon.


But...he has the BEST words!!! 
Trump is a child
A toddler at best
Yes Shannon, the bad toddler needs his ass whipped!!
I've  size 5 feet that I'll willingly offer to kick it. Then again I expect I'll be at the end of a very long queue.
John McCain is as big a traitor to America as you Obama/Soetoro/Davis.
How is Obama a traitor?
He's a bot, he couldn't tell you if his response was written out for him.
Marxist, Globalist, Manchurian Candidate with a transvestite 'wife'.
Have you looked it up yet? Joan Rivers was murdered a few weeks after that on camera quote.
.@SenJohnMcCain .@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic #maverick
John McCain is PAY TO PLAY!
Unfortunately most politicians are pay to play only real exception I know of is Bernie Sanders
Sorry, unfortunately Burned out Bernie accepted either a pay off or threat to let Killary run for President in 2016. RESEARCH IT. ;)
TAKE BACK THE WHITE HOUSE  WE NEED YOU!
Can't bc every President has 2 terms in Office.
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982904600339546113 … 6905
Did you like it ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L  
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time 
…
.@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
Obama’s campaign attack ad on McCain.
FLASHBACK: Obama 2008 campaign ad mocks @SenJohnMcCain's inability to type as a result of being tortured in Vietnam.…
Unreal his records from when nixon.pardoned him.for treason then see what a hero he is. Google what a hero he was lol
Did you vote for him or Obama?
I miss you so much Mr President
Trump is losing his damn mind he's so eatin up with jealousy over you & your authentic admiration society
8
Amen
You did this to us by your incompetence! This will be your legacy
Are you effing crazy?? It's Trump that is to blame for the N. Korea issue not Obama!
Please elaborate on your theory there that it's President trumps fault about the situation we have with North Korea!
It is Trumps fault...Who tf bombs a country just because he doesn't like non-Americans
Do you have a clue what you told me about?
Yes 
Trump is a racist and sexist piece of garbage 
He makes all males in America look really bad
Well you expressed your very hateful and critical opinion of our amazing president! I respectfully disagree with everything you stated!
Mr Obama Id like to thank u for the yrs of service and love of people and country, We were blessed to have u and miss u dearly, Thank u 

Alove You Bark Obama My Name Najiib
https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B01GBBCDU6 
Mr. Obama you are always the perfect gentleman with nothing but class.


Sir Barak Obama is the real Hero of American country.
Bravo McCain. Where there is a will there is a way
The police is raping young black kids on camera I seen it on YouTube why it haven't hit the headlines where is the black leaders
Every time I heard or saw u & Michelle I cried I was happy to live 2 see a wonderful black Prez. Today when I see new prez I cry 2 Different
Thank you Mr. President but you are the hero.
Once again you have no idea what a hero is and McCain is not one
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&_&&__&______&&&&&&
@SimonSays_68
Trump prefers people who don't get cancer or captured
Yet, while he is benefiting from government-subsidized health coverage, he doesn't want anyone else to besides his family and colleagues.
You are a good and kind man to offer words of support and encouragement to a man who is working against the well being of fellow citizens.
Yes - John McCain truly stands for American values...
Hard to say who has killed more people abroad by their actions and counsel - McCain or Obama. Liars and deceivers.
And that is your problem, America: You still partake in choices between scum and scum instead of breaking the wheel. Change the choices.
Anyone who says things cant change is a roadblock. Resignation is the greatest enemy of all.
You are a true President and a wonderful human being. You are missed more than you know.
This is one of my favorite post. It shows the character of a Nobel man. God bless you
Www
Hope and faith in the Lord is the first step to healing. 

Too late.This is the results of your 8 years of division. How can you invite BLM to the White House & everyone's judges our POTUS45 #MAGA
Happy wishes John!
Songbird he is. Ask the Vets.
If only all Americans could access the same health care @JohnMcCain is getting for his cancer fight...then America would be great!!
Sad
AMEN 
Thank you Obama
We love you!!!!
President Trump will go down as one of the greatest Presidents of all time
Bet you wish you could say the same.  #ByeFelicia
Traitors all of you
Modern Martin Luther king.
Obamalamadingdong TWADDLE
And life is good, the way it should, the way it was meant to be
Thank you for always over powering all the hate with your love for humanity. We love you Mr. Obama!
no hero of mine
I'm with you

Why do you care to see his Baptism records? Lol!
This is a President and a real leader unlike the "fake" one. We love you
Your the best
Obama will will always miss you.
Go away Loser....
yeah! Even cancer deserves better than Hanoi John mcCain
John McCain(U.S.A.) has real courage for liberty! @openvld @D66 @fdp
You always be remember
Yes are right sir
 inlove Obama!! Quero um presidente do Brasil igual vc!!
Além de elefante é lindo e de uma inteligência e gentileza ímpar!!
Venezuela,es un color múltiple,un olor a tierra, una luz de mi Catatumbo,y un llano que soy yo.bendito Dios.!
I agree Barack. John McCain would have made a great 44th President!
Ебама
Hero? He sold US citizens rights just like you did. He is FRAUD! Just like YOU! No reparations for blacks but give it to the Jews
your an African hero
Great one Mr President.
Cool

Yeah he's a real fukn hero alright.
we love you
Come out Mr. President and Show @realDonaldTrump How To Do This!!!
Obama, I trust you are doing good!  Remain in good health sir.

McCain has sold out himself, his Country and the People!  He is Politically dead!  No more to be a celebrated hero!
Praying for a great American John McCain  yes you were a calm in the storm Mr. President. Give it 8 more years. Just need a new congress
Yes President
#GiveItHellJohn @BarackObama you started a hashtag like months ago. Or was it weeks or days? Every day seems like an eternity now. #impeach
We want you back! We'd like u & Michelle 2 b POTUS & FLOTUS 4ever! U r the best POTUS EVER & Michelle the greatest FLOTUS EVER! I'm begging!

McCain is filthy warmonger with blood on his hands of a million Iraqi people, when he does die if there's any justice he'll rot for eternity
You know what I actually agree. To be completely fair so is George bush (both) Trump and even Obama
人を憎むことは、悲しみしか生まれません。。。
人を愛すること、思いやることは幸せを生みます！

肌の色など全く関係ないです！

大事なのは、心です！
btw... Mr. Former President, how do you like your current President? @POTUS has brought all indices up w/o QEs, TARP etc... No more smoke...
That is because he is doing your dirty work to bring down America
The human heart calcifies when it pumps hate, but it is a muscle that can always pump love and dump Trump
McCain was pardoned by nixon. He will always be a coward
The world desires value leadership, based on common perceptions of good and righteous life. It does not include anyone's submission.
The most decent man I'v ever known; the best President of the century. Thank you for everything you did for the world President @BarackObama
OBAMA the most fake president in the history of USA.Using Mandela cotation when he was playing in his funeral @POTUS is Better than YOU#MAGA
The song from South Pacific got it right. "You have to be taught to hate whether six or seven or eight"
He needs to retire!
You are great sir.
Your enemy now your pardner? Get real!
Songbird
Very proud of that man
Hey Man!
Israel Shamir ___"that Obama has been the first humanoid robot in the helm of power"
__in other words Deep State 'puppet master'
McCain is a traitor and a liar. Karma. 
#MAGA 
Well lets just hopebthat it doesnt have the black vote.
Bomb Bomb Iran... American hero... Bomb Bomb #Libia never be #Hillary president Bomb Bomb #Syria Obama Bomb Bomb #Afghanistan Bama. Get lost
what about agent orange? thousands still die every year in vietnam. do you feel sorry for them obama? mccain is a war criminal
John McCain is a Fraud!
we miss you...where are you. ill be shocked to get a reply from you.
the great man off america prim ministor
Oh captain my captain...
I wish everyone the day that they deserve.
McCain is a true hero!
Hello Mr. !.
I'm.  Saw good because you Mr. Saw good hard .
Very nice fundeysan yes
Right
“hero” 
He's not a war hero he gave up lots of classified info to the Vietnamese. The Vietcong called him "songbird" because he told them so much.
Join illuminati today and become rich and famous.below.
Email:joinfamousilluminati666@gmail.com
Call or Whatsapp:+1 209-273-4669
Mr plsss come the fuck back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am one of it's fighters. We will Fight forever.
I love you
