How is caring more about this country instead of the 'We Are the World mantra" racist?
Is there anything you can do to make the world better without bad mouthing others. Please do it.
You're a Putz.
EdrFcduGzf
How about censure? Keep up the guard, Senator. Need to watch for Breitbart influence sponsored by Mercer money.
America, vote these liars out.  Make race and gender issues of the day to hide indictments within their party.  Huma indicted 4 espionage!
Would you support impeachment?   Asking for 300 million friends.
Dear joe , question - if you have that many voices in your head why aren't you being studied at NIH ?
Seriously, and those are just the voices that I call friends.    Imagine what the other 478m are saying.
Dear joe , question - are they saying " GIVE US BACK OUR BIKE YOU NO GOOD TRIFLING AS THIEF " ?
BOT
Dear joe , question - if you wanted BOT why'd you take a jungler ?
If Dems care about American they wouldn't terrorise country if Repub care about country they wouldn't put their heads in sand. SWAMP is huge
#Bannon If this maniac is serious about going to war via his journalism platform, the real "fake news" will come at us like a tsunami!
Maybe @SenatorCardin is the bigot and racist. Only racists themselves recognize racism.
God forbid you would do shit to help the American people Let's focus on monuments that's the real answer to help the American people
You're right now he back out in public can tell the truth with ease
True that Racist democrats have got to go
Ridiculous and predictable rehtoric
You are the problem
Yes look in the mirror first
Senator why don't you do something like sticking by the president helping him out making this country great Trump 2020
I'm glad too
 The head of the bigotry snake, Trump, still hangs on. The poison has to be stopped. Move to impeach racism & hate!
Impeach on what grounds fake news an obstructionist with elected officials that only think of themself...MAGA 2020 an drain the swamp
Ben ! Wake the fuckin up.... Take your dog for a walk at night thru Brooklyn for a week.  But have a EMT on standby.
Brooklyn is over run with Black Thugs. People can't go out even in the day, kids can't play outside. 
And you take about " Racism " !

What @SenatorCardin fails to mention is 20 years in prison if you support a UN or EU boycott of Israel or settlements. #BDS #RighttoBoycott https://twitter.com/US_Campaign/status/899734706576609280 …
Dear Senator Ben Cardin , question - so more room for you to peddle now , huh ?

When @realDonaldTrump uses his Spotty Potty we call it a Trump Dump. Which reminds me, #DumpTrumpMonday. RETWEET-hit Donald where it hurts! 
Shouldn't they be ablaze ,hmm
If the Sun is really 93million miles away and earth sits just right so we won't burn,then how come all the other planets closer don't burn
Taxpayers demand the removal of Sen Maria Chappelle.  She has broken her oath of office.  No impunity for members who spew hate & racism!
The lies just keep coming to the surface, trillions of dollars spent on NASA for fake pics,never set foot on the moon, where's the money??
Irresponsible Dems are fanning flames of racism.  They know they are lying, but they have no truths.  Vote these liars out, unite us!
Then I guess all of the left and Democrats are bigots
This admins problems R pejorative rhetoric from Dems.  Everyday, a new &untrue issue arises from the swamp.  This one can be deadly 2 ctzns
Ex-Senator, Bannon becomes another unemployed person you are praying is dependant on government benefits so you will benefit.Slander is bad.
You will never impeach this President.  You all are tearing this country apart.  #dividedwefall
Ok now it's the Democrats turn to show they believe what they preach??? Who will you sacrifice??? Cummings???
You d demsenators are d problems of this admin.U have made mockery of  our electoral system and govt.Thereby making a mockery of  yourselves
Actually, Ben... This administration's problem IS one person...
When did he ever say anything that you consider to be bigotry.? Dirty old man.
I wish you didn't have this platform to peddle your bigotry
That's the problem you don't know the difference between bigotry and the truth.
Senator, don't you think a motion to censure is in order? #censuretrump
entire gov a bigotry platform-war on drugs/crime head straight 2 black hoods,political linguistics/code 4 blacks, cutbacks drain resources!
Not sure about last statement Ben. I just think that the one person is Trump !
I am so embarrassed of you representing Maryland.
Your one of the people's problem!
Bigotry? Standard liberal democratic reply made with the typical liberal democratic factual distortion.
John, my benighted friend - stop watching Hannity, he's melting your brain.

Your rebarbative nescience doesn't suit you.
 What r u doing about Assange,Dana,Pence & trump at Camp David discussing pardons & cyber security?
Ben.  U r right. It's not one person. Ask yourself and career politics / Congress why millions voted for the current lead???
Gorka, Miller and @POTUS himself needs to go. They are all racist, white supremacists.
Yes Senator,we are calling for your immediate removal!
agree.
Ya, the problem is called Dem obstruction!!
How Stupid can you be?

The GOP holds House, Senate and oval.  They are tripping over themselves obstructing each other!

Fun to watch...
Agree Senator


the one person who could resolve the problems needs to resign himself and return to being "the boss" again.
Please provide examples of how he used his government platform to peddle bigotry.
No they're not. Just impeach Trump and see how kowtow Pence will bcome a penny. Sterling!
Wish it were that simple. But Pence is a danger to our republic as well.

Birds of a feather...
The problem is Trump.  Bannon & the other nazis r merely his employees doing his bidding. Nothing solved til Trump is gone.
Never were truer words spoken.
I disagree, it is a one person problem.  And his name is Trump.
Now you can peddle your bigotry
TRUMP PENCE MILLER GORKA & KELLYANNE are still there so Lunatics are still running the Asylum! Bannon got secrets, names & he's a leaker!
Wish I could agree Senator. But his mouthpiece is still in place. Until Trump is ousted from the lead seat Bannon still has his platform.
I cant wait til the worse POTUS USA has ever seen is ousted. Trump needs to go today!
Senator, if you want to call Mr Bannon a Bigot you should do it to his face or back up your slander with facts before publicly smearing him
To obstruct a lot of the GOP majority must be secret Democrats. You don't know how government works do you. #duh
Agreed to a pint Sir. He's still got Miller and Gorka in there
Of course they are and dems can fix it all, 21 trillion in debt, aca, unemployment,  that is the dems legacy NO THANKS
You should withdraw your Anti Israel Boycott legislation. It CRIMINALIZES Americans' RIGHT to protest - just like China does to its people!
True - YOU are part of the problem. #Obstruction
Why are you a seditionist?
His leaving was the best news this week.
Agreed. Cant wait til we hear the better news...POTUS is gone.
The problem is 45. America has had enough. 45, his administration and family need to go. #ImpeachTrump
One down.
platform, use it wisely.
You are correct sir. And YOU are part of the problem. Can you not see that? Are you that delusional in your thinking? You still have a...
Hmm, @SenatorCardin is my senator.  He is not the problem.  45, his administration and family are corrupt, unethical and need to go.
His family, how did you come to that conclusion? If your Senator is a #Democrat , then yes he is part of the problem. Seems you may be too?
Wow, kind of judgmental aren't u?
I believe that the world is round,   in diversity & hope for world peace that begins with each of us.
