Then let me berate you.  Stop wasting our taxpayers dollars by obstructing and get on with the inevitable Americans are smart
.@SenatorCardin Sorry but ur wrong on every level. Ur weak arguments have been proved to be unsubstantiated. Stop trying to undermine @POTUS
you were 20 years as a Represenative, now 10 years as a Senator WTH have you done but HELP stagnate Washington. Term limits!!
When judges stop legislating from the bench & stop roadblocks 4 our POTUS & look to the constitution when making decisions.
As an Maryland resident and voter,  I just don't feel safe with any of this administration's policies or appointments...
STOP THIS NAZI MILLER. 45 is NOT King , he is working on dictatorship though!  DO SOMETHING NOW
OBAMA berated rulings by judges and you know it. There is a double standard in DC and you are a part of the travesty.
trump is a traitor, a liar, a narcissist  Sorry Senator you are expecting too much from him -he is not capable #ImpeachTrump
@realDonaldTrump  And U senator should stop berating our President Trump & listen. WeThePeople have spoken & he's our voice.
cardins a liar, the demicrats are crooked
.the Dems were in control 8 years. r u so idiotic to think the people believe u give a shit about immigration.Tits on a boar.
We need Senators like you to stop endangering American lives.
Sen you really are out of touch with Islamic terrorism your comments only serve to show a divided US that will encourage them
You need to start working on issues and drop your hate campaign...Stop allowing the infiltration of terrorist and rapists...
actually Democrats should stop berating the @POTUS, you sir shld know our vetting fails. San Bernadino? term limits needed
please keep this administration accountable! #counting n you
YOU are such a liar! You haven't spoken to ANYONE who said that ANY ban..and this is not...is a recruiting tool! Such a LIE!
so let's see Ginsberg,and Congress can slam him,but he can't slam a judge, who apparently knows less than trump on ns issues
the ninth circuit his liberal pigs just like some liberal congressmen.
Why did Russia expose DNC corruption by hacking? Victoria Nuland.
@WethePeople have NO interest in #ComprehensiveImmigrationReform, which is #Amnesty for #FutureDemocrats.
#TrumpWonYouLost
his path is legal, done by past POTUS, never challenged before, same countries OBAMA picked, definitely just dem interference
and you senator and your left friends should start doing your job and quit whining when people don't see things like you do
the reason I left MD the pols
Ben should pull his head out of his butt & focus on his job he needs to replaced with a person that has a brain
The judges should be removed immediately . Sorry Senator you dont get it..We love this Presidents outspoken nature
:  Yes he should move on to the Nuclear Option and get Gorsuch IN.  Then DESTROY Lib Judges in Supreme Court.
not berating! you guys are getting called out for lies & u hate that, how about leave @realDonaldTrump
You sir a liar and #UBSTRUCTIONIST.  You continue to purposely delay cabinet confirmations and make excuses. #AmericaFirst
Why did u not leave when #45 demeaned @SenWarren & native peoples with his ugly comments? http://cnn.it/2lyHFcp  #resist
The President has every right to berate judges, such as the 9th circuit panel, who fail to uphold the rule of law.
and you should get a grip that most of the American citizens don't agree with you.
Agree 100%. President should not be wasting his time with Twitter. He should focus on country and world issues. Be a presid.

Lets start enforcing the laws we have on the books before you go and screw things up even more, it's reform by enforcement.
This had nothing to do with immigration. Besides we have laws and they just need to be followed. No reform needed.
but the judges of the 9th circuit can.  They don't even have a case and how it got this far is a joke on the American people.
why is it ok for Obama to use the same statutes but NOT ok for President Trump?
They are just blocking and now the bad guys know this might be their last chance to get in during the stoppage
Judges ARE not ABOVE the LAW! They are human beings and have political aspirations albeit misguided in this case.
trump is a traitor and liar
like enforcing existing laws? The statute cited for this travel ban? To me that is viable and legal. Except maybe an activist
Saw your stmt Embarrassed for U. Would prefer u work 4 constituents & stop one-upmanship games. Unbecoming.
Problem is he can't because his brain does not allow him to connect the dots in national and world politics !
The President is trying to create comprehensive immigration reform but people/officials will not let him...sad & un heard of
he's impugning, can't we put him in a corner?
@POTUS Don't he can.  He must have flunked high school civics
That's too much like work. Just like ACA; easier to complain than work to make better.
he and pence should be impeached
As a MD voter, I would accept #Immigrationreforms in steps that simply improve our current system.
And maybe some good things for the country
The fight is not over; you are a loser along with your buddy Van Hollen.  POTUS will protect us even despite people like you.
No way to paralyze terrorists with legal means!
theres no need for an immigration reform unless you want to deal with an aging decaying nation
and securing our border. Stop obstructing. Ur just making fools of yourselves.
U Dems r an embarrassment to the American ppl. All u do is stall and whine and cry. Help republicans work on a health plan
next you'll be compensating illegals like interned Japs
Thanks! A note for the GOP: when you get in bed with dogs, you might wake scratching fleas. Trump is a dog, a mangy mutt.
we love you!!! #proudmarylander
@whitehouserogue should
excellent advice
translation: grow the hell up Donny.
You should support the president
written laws that is
If you people would do your jobs we would not have this situation.
why do you have to reform the already written for immergration.  I dont understand
@potus just who the hell do you think you are?Sound like an old wind bag! The Dems and LIBS can't choose what laws 2 follow.
Enough about Trump. What can YOU bring to the party besides criticism?
Same old, same old ,it's worked for years
Thank you Senator!

He's not interesting in solving immigration problems; he's interested in demonizing immigrants for political gain.
