Thank you sir. As an Army vet I salute you
Do you have a place for those who wave the communist flag and hate America & all she stands for? If not, you must #DisavowTheAltLeft as well
Thank you for your service, sir
HUAE!
Wouldn't the military be angered that Trump sympathizes with our enemy in WWII? How many in the military died destroying the third Reich?
Thank you, sir.
Ohh rah Sir ohh rah!
Thank you, General.
Yut
You sir are a true patriot! Not these #fakepatriots #FakeChristians aka #WhiteSupremacists that call them Patriotic Americans. #semperfi
Not to nit-pick,but the Marines fought Japan in the Pacific. It was primarily the Army fighting Hitler in ETO
Marines were present at D-DAY as advisers on how to carry out an amphibious landing to the Army; applying lessons learned from Pac Theater.
You're grandfather was a good man.
I fervently hope you have discussed with other generals what  you will do if *45 becomes more deranged & Congress refuses to remove him.
No. A thousand times *no*. That way a banana republic lies. The military obeys the lawful commands of the government. Full stop.
An unprovoked nuclear 1st-strike is NOT a "lawful command."
Contravenes international law & numerous treaties, which are Law of the Land.
Define the difference between "unprovoked" and "preemptive." I'm not suggesting that order should be obeyed...
... but once the military starts making its own decisions about what orders to follow, that's pretty much the end...
... since at that point they become the de facto 4th branch of government, and the one with all the big guns and knowledge to use them...
... if Trump starts defying SCOTUS or the legislature, then we have a different discussion. Until then, let's all hope the military is sane.
and for that you are now and always have been Honored....Hoorah!
Thank you!!!
Where was your outrage? Communist marauders get a free pass from you? Interesting
Hey CNN, here is an Antifa goon threatening a disabled veteran at a free speech rally. (LANGUAGE WARNING)

They're the "other side." 
Video is painful to watch. These bratty, subverted pawns of the new world order have to be stopped.
Agreed now is the time to put defense power of the People fwd. It will be our last chance America as we know it will be lost  Pray for POTUS
I completely agree. We can't be pushed anymore. They've taken away our voice in media, history... no more!
Thank you @GenRobertNeller for your service and your commitment to values and principles.
Thank you sir, for your service and May God keep you in his loving care.
Thank you!! And salute to the Marines!! 
Wish my last command got that message a few yes back. 
@realDonaldTrump ICYMI: This is what true leadership looks like. Good lesson for you. Hope it helps but have pretty low expectation it will
Thank you, sir ! Semper Fi 
Thank you, sir
Thank you for your statement and to all those who serve in our armed forces. Respect and honor
Thank you, General.
Agreed! Thank you, sir for saying something your Commander in Chief couldn't bring himself to say.
Bring? That implies he lacked the courage. All signs point he spoke from heart when denounced those who stand up to Nazi's.
Right? You have one group chanting Nazi slogans, and another group attempting to stop them. Which side do you want to be on?
Antifa are basically nazis. Either agree with there ideas or suffer the consequences
aye. the 83% avowedly white USMC has no history of racism, or hatred to women, POC, or LGBTQ applicants or members. No whitewashing here.
Well said Sir
God Bless @USMC
This is a general showing leadership.  A lesson to those elsewhere in the administration.
Could you please train @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr to develop a spine & some @USMC core values of Honor, Courage ?
Marines have back bones for days. They stand for something. Snakes slither. It's just who they are.
Thank you sir. Unfortunately your Commander in Chief is apparently a Neo Nazi
Where was your rage against BLM? Black Panthers? So glad I am out of this military - I am ashamed of you. MAGA
Thank you General.
Hope USMC stands for Amer. Ur abt to get tested. POTUS chose in favor of WNats/Nazis/KKK separating himself frm Govt. Move to Régime coming.
Yea you have no preference who you use as cannon fodder
Sir, soul searching time, you know something has to be done.
Thxs 4 your clear statement GENERAL .
Oorah sir!
Just remember the oath we all took sir.
As a @USMC veteran, all that fail to speak up and crush this hate will forever go down in history, as failures. #USMC #MARINES #SEMPERFI
James, Thank You for your Service to this Grateful Country.  We are forever in your debt.
Thank you for helping to protect our country!
OK, now condemn President Trump by name today.
Please respect that is a relievable offense.   The Gen would have to plan retirement if he says directly.  He can't command after legally.
That's ridiculous Che can serve after.saying all Marines treated w respect Nonsense
Read Ed Greens suggestion.  That would be insubordination, essentially - which is what I was saying.  he said exactly what he could.
Neller can't, but every single GOP House and Senate member CAN.
That would be good. Butcwint happen.
Except apparently John Kelly now, aligning himself with a white supremacist and Nazi apologist.  But nice sentiment.
I think "aligning himself" is a bit harsh. Marines will do what they consider their "duty", even when the duty SUCKS!
"I was just taking orders"  Where did I hear that before... oh testimony at Nuremberg.  Right.
I know POTUS has been a dumpster fire up to now, but don't ya think it's a little early for false equivalencies?
No, if you're defending Nazism as the president did today, if you excuse it, you have crossed a red line.
If you enable Nazism, if you ignore Nazism, if you equivocate on Nazism you are no better. A lesson the world has learned at great cost.
Agreed. But as I said, it's early. Failing to modulate POTUS racist rants is a small thing compared to trying to keep the bus on the road!
Thank you.
Thank you!!
Semper Fi!! 
your POTUS shares zero of those values lol
Maybe tell that to Gen. Kelly? He's a Marine General! Yet he still stands by the one man he said he serves--Trump, not we the people.
Thank you General for you honor, professionalism and courage to speak out unlike number 45.
Well said sir!
Semper fi.
Thank you, @GebRobertNeller , for your honest, kind statement. We share those values.

Thank you General. This means alot to citizens, I can not tell you how much.
Ty sir
Thank you for saying that, sir. All respect to you and the Corps.
Boy, not everyone opposing removal of General Lee statue is a racial hater.  Lee was a far better officer than you.
Truly hope the corp maintain honor and loyalty to the country before the president.  Your country appreciate your service.
This daughter of a USMC lifer thanks you for your leadership, sir.
Semper Fi!!!
Thank you. Unfortunately, your CinC disagrees with you.
Not strong enough.
I proudly served (USAF) & prouder that the leaders of our military have the honor, courage & dignity they have shown.  our nation is at risk
Semper Fi.  Thank you, General Neller.  #Leadership
@foxnews @cnn @tmz Never  piss off Blacks/Latino/Mexicans in sum We might have 2 "Set It Off". Tell KKK/Neo-Nazi/BLM 
Thank you, sir for your service and for speaking up for our country.
Thank you for leading honorably and setting the tone for a culture of respect, General Neller. Semper Fi.
Oohrah!!!!
I hope the @USMC will come out with a statement of refusal to follow orders from the Nazi in the White House defending other Nazis.
Thank you, General.
Thank You, General!
Thank you!
Yes sir. Thank you.
h8 to bust ballz there general -but those are #usnavy core values....
and I should know....
Thank you!!!!   I feel safer already!  The fact that I have never felt unsafe or fearful, scares the hell out of me!
Amen Brother ! I am a veteran Marine!
Semper Fi!
Thank you for doing the right thing.
My Father is 87. Retired USMC. Semper Fi.
I am proud of you and being graduate 90-91 CSC...
With all do respect sir, there is a ridiculous amount of racial hatred in the ranks.
Semper Fi, sir, from a Marine vet!
Thank you for speaking out General!
Sir, you words brought tears to my eyes. Thank you.
I agree. Fuck him.
GREAT WORDS ... SEMPER FIDELIS
Define hatred. Half hearted statement.....

Except if you are Trans because the President said to kick them out. Sad
Plus, ya know, all the WWII vets and casualties.
Well said...#USMC stands with those united in efforts to eliminate intolerance
Unfortunately Generals Mattis and Kelly seem to have forgotten as they stand mutely by while DJT supports white supremacist extremists.
Then I ask you Sir, what would you do if a member of the USMC was responsible  for promoting and inciting racial violence? As the Pres did?
As a former Marine, I'm appalled that General Kelly continues to be a lap dog for this repulsive embarrassment.
Thank you for your response and reinsure that our military is united. mother of an active duty Marine.
Thank you, Sir. #HoorahMarine
Thank you sir. USMC 75-95.
Don't go work at the WH. We can't afford to lose and more good men to that place.

Oorah General. Semper fi.
SEMPER FI GENERAL, Cpl. F. Meditz 1970-74-Present
Call Marine One & Crew back to base. They should not be forced to provide transportation for this Racist failure of a president.
Thank you for writing this. Thank you for your leadership.
Semper Fi, Marine! SGT, US Army '84-'94
Thank you. My ex spent 20yrs in the Corps and this is the 1st time, he has ever felt contempt, for a POTUS.
Thank you, General, and the Corps.
Keep. It. Up. General. This former marine officer is watching and counting on your continued steadiness and leadership.
Semper Fi Sir !!!
I would expect so, don't really understand why we needed to be told what we all expect from you and the corp today?
Thank you Sir. My Great Uncles fought the Nazis & Grandmother worked in a factory making weapons.
@realDonaldTrump tarnishes their sacrifice
Thank you, Sir.
Bravo!! Now let's #ImpeachTrump
https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/898006333861097472 …
Standing tall! I wasn't lying when I said the U.S. military & we veterans do not back Trump, the KKK, or Nazis!
Thank you for your statement.
Proud to have you leading USMC, General.
Yes Sir!
My thanks to you, and to every vet or active member who protects his fellow men rather than trampling them underfoot. #ThisIsRealPatriotism
With respect Sir, its a dammed shame you even have to make this statement.
SEMPER FI
Thank you, General
Thank you, sir; this woman of color--with many family members in the military--is glad you spoke up.  Semper Fidelis.
Thank you Sir.
Well you're off the reservation.

Yes
SEMPER FI!
Thank you General
I have two ex Marines in my family, and they say the exact same thing...imagine that!
While I appreciate the gesture, you need to #SayHisName and call out @realDonaldTrump for the #Racist he is.
Thank you for speaking unequivocally, Sir.
I agree w/ U . But, have y'all taken down that FB page of your naked coworkers yet?
Thank you for your service and your dedication.
your Tweet was quoted by @CNN
Thank you General. My grandfather was a proud Marine.
This makes me so damn proud to have served as a Marine! Semper Fi! #Mustang #USMC
My WW2 Vet Dad fought #Nazis in Normandy, Omaha Bch.is furious! #Corrupt #GOP enabling & #Complicit #TrumpLies #TrumpRussia #Impeach #Resist
Marines have bled and died all over this planet for these values. Thank you General! Thank you Marines!
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir! We all can fall but we must all climb back up again. Every dawn is a new opp to embrace Honor, Courage and Commitment. 
Yes sir, they do. My dad was Navy, and he always made the point of Marine honor and steadfastness. Thank you
you just gave me hope! Thank you for your response.
Thank you!
Thank you for this declaration.
OOOOOHRAH SIR!
Great! Now in terms of Nazis/ConfederacyKKK LOST TWO WARS TO THE USA! These enemy combatants/militia who want to overthrow USA are ENEMIES!
#USMCW here, you're right Sir. @chrisalk
Oh rag, General Neller leadership from the front.
Thank you sir.
Thank you sir, your moral compass is working very well, Trumps, not so much
Thank you Gen . Robert Neller .to speak so you are what makes America Great .a true American who proudly serves the United States of America
Almost became a Marine,untile I realized we serve zionist Agenda.Sad and Shameful for such great organization
Thank you sir
Semper Fi!
Respectfully Sir, it's not enough.  SAY HIS NAME or your words mean nothing.   Trust us on this; SAY HIS NAME.
Look in your own house general
Sempre Fi
Thank you very much for saying this, General. And thank you for your Service to our country.
Thank you sir. Can you pass those qualities on to 45?
And if you were educated you'd know that #Robert E Lee had those same values and served in military under #Andrew Jackson. You're Disgrace!
You're calling the commandant of the Marines a disgrace?
God bless you, General.  Our country is in trouble.
Best tweet today. No fear of the chain of command. Right vs wrong.
Thank you sir God bless your heart!
Thank you sir. You are a good person.
Who even accused the Marines of being racist extremists?
Oorah! #SemperFi
Gen Neller, general feel good statements won't cut it. If you can't tell POTUS he is in the wrong, you should not say anything.
Well spoken, Sir.
And yet you produce some of the most violent and hateful boneheads that prowl the streets of this country.
Thank you sir! 
Thank you, General. This is what a patriot sounds like.
Thank you for your courage.

True
Well said! From a marine's son who learned from him.
There will never be a place for it
Thank you for standing by the people of our tolerant nation.
