shame on you - Chevy Chase
You asked for it! This is the can of worms that Harry Reed opened that has come back to bite you in the ass. Keep obstructing & see future.
Meh. What goes around comes around. Stop pretending this isn't a win-win.
A sell out of the Amierican people for power over POLITICS.
What is this "compromise" if which you speak?  GOP poisoned it long ago.
One day the shoe will be on the other foot, Senator. I urge that you don't give in to duplicitous mal intended cons when the time comes.
Kaine & Schumer are on video when they thought Hillary would win saying they would do the same thing if Repubs fillibustered SCOTUS pick.
Not with democrate immature obstructionists. How's it feel shoving something down your throats like have done to Maryland citizens
The judge is perfect fair and honest, so why should the Republicans always have to give? Dems need to learn to give a little
I cannot believe you did not vote for Neil Gorsuch you know that he was highly qualified. You are way too partisan and should be removed
If you keep following Chuck Schumer like a lap dog you will not be elected again , start doing your job & work for the people who elected U
@puppymnkey then work to overturn the 2016 election.  He's working on transforming himself into a politician.
Dems did it with reed
Move on. Everyone else has. Next time do your job.
Thank you @SenatorCardin
Thank you for trying on all of our behalves.  You will be on the correct side of history,
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr Infantile Sandbox BS. Yertle the Turtle Trump is using YOU. You should all collapse. Blocked Garland #GOPhypocrites
@SenateMajLdr will go down in history as the worst Senate Leader and most #hypocritical politician placing #PartyOverCountry with this move
sad day
We have to do what's necessary to fix the mess Democrats have made of our country.
The way the Democrats play anything legal Is necessary. Even though they don't play by the rules, we will take the high road.
Unfortunately compromise died yesterday. #NuclearOption
What's said is you are still a Senator!
No it was not you guys the dams were not willing to give him an upper down vote so the Republicans did what they needed go nuclear
#winning
Senator you were in office when Harry Reid instilled the #NuclearOption reap what you sew. Should have listened to the Biden rule.
Dems are clearly clueless. 2 more possible trump nominees so we throw away filibuster round 1
It was the principled thing to do. We will take it back.
Perhaps if Dems cared more about the country than they do their ideology and party we could get somewhere, only thing unamerican is liberals
It's unfortunate there is no compromise with the republicans. It's there way or the highway. Numbers will change DEMS will make them regret
You are a hypocrite Ben!
Harry Reid?
I would expect no less from the turtle tyrant, he's a good base stealer, stole every single one plus home for inside park HR.
Agreed. It's a matter of reasonableness and common sense. It's remarkable how the republicans have now become the Jumping Jack Asses
And the GOP answer is 'Two wrongs make it a right.' and then they wonder why there is no compromise on healthcare.
The only people that like Obamacare are the people that receive it for free on Medicaid. It's costing the rest of us twice as much as it did
I agree. A very sad day.
every day is a fucking sad day in the Senate
It surprises me that someone who claims to be a Centrist would listen to far right lies and propaganda
there are left wing lies and propaganda as well. Sometimes the stuff on the right is more entertaining. It's all a big goofy show to me
Stop being disingenuous Every honest person knows your party would have done same thing Trying being a lawmaker instead have SCOTUS do it
Do not let this go unpunished.  GOP must feel the pain of the people. This is not amusing.
And yet the Dems never compromise. They whine like children to get their way. Return to the original meaning of the constitution.
I think the #filibuster has been abused. Especially by individual sens. I believe in majority ruleSenator Ben Cardin. July 25, 2013.
Thank you for standing up for what's right! The #republicans #GOP has no intention to ever reach across the aisle.  Same with #Trumpcare
COME ON HOW MANY MORE REJECTS AND STUPID SENERATORS AND CONGRESSMAN  GOING ALONG WITH THE BIG IODOIY!
thank you for speaking the truth!!!
We spoke in the 2016 election for a SCOTUS pick like Gorsuch. Repubs helped nominate 2 Obama picks. Your box on my 2018 ballot will be empty
We the ppl r paying attention to which Republican said yes 
It is a sad day for the Senate and for MArylanders when hypocritical @SenatorCardin so blatantly criticizes others for following his example
One judge that most Marylanders myself incl opposed. Vs 75 Obama judges & Merrick Garland. Cons are the hypocrites.
The results will be seen with each & every election If people are "allowed" to vote
#RepublicanOligarchy instead of bipartisan compromise.
Wow, a lot of trolls out today. Maryland is a BLUE state. Please troll elsewhere.
dems have equal blame here. Rem Reid 2013. Where r u planning to comp in future?  Seems ur goal is argue anything GOP.
I don't understand how this is even considered legal if that Administration is under FBI investigation. This makes me reconsider having kids
Stop acting holier than Thou and accept responsibility for OBSTRUCTION and DESTRUCTION. Ashamed u r my Senator
Yes, how Demoncrats could even think about Filibuster was ridiculous. Blame yourselves. You have been DEMONCRATS every day. U R the problem
This is dishonest, & you know it. Dems invented nuclear and were blocking an excellent justice to pander. @BenCardinforMD @davidjtrone
This isnt right what happened to being fair oh your money was longer wtf you dont no i feel bad for America were in something we dont want
This is a betrayal of American democracy. I condemn the GOP's rewriting of the rules. What can you do for we the people who want democracy?
Correction:It is a sad day for Democrats in the Senate.
Agreed.  Should have confirmed #Garland.
#NuclearOption
Maybe now, Democrats will fight the GOP instead of emulating them.  We would not be here if fewer Democrats drank "GOP Lite" swill
All you have done is #resist . Your failure 2 vote 4 the highly qualified#Gorsuch will have consequences during #mid-termElections #Demexit
Highly qualified? Troll elsewhere please. This is a SAD day for Americans.
He is my elected Senator. So who is trolling who? Also dems.the first use nuclear option.
Due to @SenateGOP doing it 75 times to Obama. @SenateDems ONCE.
Do you even understand what this means? Or are you just trolling?
Just trolling or genuinely that stupid
Did you not vote for the #ReidOption in 2013? Short term memory loss? 
Um. They did it 75 times before Reid did it. This was ONCE. Enough of the equivalency bullshit.
Merrick Garland
You confirmed Gorsuch under Obama. He had one case overturned by SC. Your opposition is petty & childish. 2018 can't come fast enough-RETIRE
Excuse me? Your tweet makes no sense. Please troll elsewhere.
Senate is destroyed
2/2 and you would've been fine with that, you wouldn't be talking about "compromise" like you are now. Hypocrite!
Had Hillary Clinton had been elected, she would've elected the most far-left liberal known to man. 1/2
You guys did the same in 2013.
GOP blocked 79 Obama noms w/ filibuster before Reid used nuclear option. McConnell used it after Dems filibuster ONCE. False equivalency.
It is a grand day for the republic the rats went down with the sinking ship.
We're firing as many Rethuglicans @gop as possible in 2018. They r trying 2 deconstruct normal US institutions, just like Nazis did. #Resist
#Resist

I composed a musical takedown of the Trumpocalypse. Please enjoy.
"WE DIDN'T TRUMP THE FIRE"
a Dreamweasel production

https://youtu.be/kSrLKQcQv7A 
April 6, 2017 - the day Mitch McConnell sold his soul and forever damaged our democracy...
Did you remember your colleague Reid?
GOP blocked 79 Obama noms w/ filibuster before Reid used nuclear option. McConnell used it after Dems filibuster ONCE. False equivalency.
I guess Dems need to win majority in next election.
Karma Kometh!
U and your peers develop this rule change.it sucks when it backfires but it did . Suck it up when in 18 remember elections have consequences
Where was your compromise on the appellate court judges you DEMOCRATS used the nuclear option?  #TWOFACED
Sad day for USA where are you once upon moderate @SenateGOP @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain ?
Thoughts @NicolleDWallace
.@SenateMajLdr & every @SenateGOP r disgusting w no integrity & few morals. They are loyal only 2themselves, not the ppl of the US or world!
Ben, compromise is not possible with this GOP.
I am devastated that a political party means more to @SenateGOP than democracy.When the law does not work to save us what will we do? Afraid
Leave the country!
Why would anyone leave their country and not fight for it? Maybe that is what cowards do. But I did not serve my country to run away from it
I agree with you 100% let the fighting begin.,..
It began on Nov 9.
Its escalated since "nuclear"
THANKS SO MUCH HARRY REID FOR LEADING THE WAY
Mitch McConnell Just Confirming That Republican PARTY and Koch Brother's Rigged Election Wichita To Moscow And He's Proud of Himself! !!!!

Nov 2013  #NuclearOption returns democracy to the Senate.

thanks for that @TheDemocrats 

…
lol ending the filibuster after @GOP filibustered 79 lower court appointees is NOT THE SAME THING as ending it for Trump's 1st SCOTUS pick
No mention of Reid? Go back to sleep.
with the distinction that it didn't happen under Reid. Context is sometimes everything.
