Why the lies. Referrals to Drs for maternaty, referrals for mammograms.  You dipense birth control and abort babies.
But you're not a women's health expert.
But she is an expert in the death of innocent babies
an expert murderer...
look up "woke" in the dictionary and get back to me
This infuriates me, I can't stand that there is diversity here.  I can't believe that these men are so heartless and ruthless.
I meant no diversity
@ValeriePlame To those milennials who laugh at feminism, how does this picture compute?
because they havn't experienced sexism, therefore it does not exsist.
I'd settle for someone who'd actually ever had a period! @ValeriePlame
that's transphobic
I long for the day a table full of women get to decide the fate of men's health. I know it will never happen but...
Stop abusing language. It's pathetic & shameless. Are your supporters THAT stupid? Really? You have NO right to taxpayer $
Do you ever NOT just LIE?! Literally NO ONE is blocking "access". Words matter:
What do you know about women's healthcare. Killing the unborn is not healthcare, especially for the female babies!
Who blocked any access to Planned Abortionhood?

Use actual facts to answer.
Looks a lot like the room full of old men that gave you the right to abort children #roevwade
Here's a thought. How about the Fed Gov gets out of the healthcare biz altogether.
Well, you could just do more abortions. I understand they're quite lucrative.  Especially when you sell the parts afterwards
- no one is blocking access to Planned Parenthood.  Money to Planned Parenthood yes, access no.
52% of women voted to let old white men make their health choices. Show up and vote on Nov 6, 2018!
Yeah I see many women's experts around the table. Not!
sorry...make doctors aren't good enough to discuss your corporate welfare?
i wonder what the ratio of viagra v. cialis users is?
Perfectly disgusting! & these alleged humans claim they have "family values"! What a lie!! @SpeakerRyan @potus #respect
Why in this day and age does it still feels like men are making decisions on our bodies. This picture embodies that. Sad!
No! Men are making decisions on the funding of murdered babies, and making tax payers have to pay for it!
WRONG!
The http://stream.org ? You consider them a source of unbiased fact-checking? LOL LOL Go away, foolish troll.
Like em all! Can't handle the truth! Haha!!!
.@CecileRichards Soon these women will be making the laws that shape the healthcare for those men. Can't wait.
Compulsory vasectomies, eliminate access to Viagra, prostate exams are no longer covered, all sperm is sacred
Your insanity can probably be controlled with meds.  Are you covered?
oh yeah those men do not love their wives/daughters. Stop poisoning the well, and stop the divide, we are all same, right???
If you were planning for parenthood, I'd agree with you; but you're preventing parenthood by killing unborn babies.
Liar, they are blocking nothing. They might be looking out for the taxpayer's hard earned money which you launder to the Dem
How is access blocked? Are they going to dig a hole in the sidewalk?
.@CecileRichards You're aware@PPact doesn't do prenatal care, right? Nor US or Mammos. I can't imagine what it gets tax $ for.  #defundPP
If only there was a baby slice-n-dice expert like yourself sitting there, right?
Maternity coverage??? Doesn't abortion/cutting babies into pieces take care of maternity?
These experts are smart enough to know ya shouldn't kill unborn boys and girls, sorry Satan, excuse me, Cecile.
I wish that was what they were discussing. More likely, just ending PAYING FOR IT with tax dollars. It's a start.
#DefundPP
@sallykohn If only abortion was a women's health issue...
Old men on Viagra they get for free.
Seems balanced with regard to the subject matter.....what would women know about Planned parenthood anyway?!
@fdell3 It's so interesting how people using words like freedom, liberty, patriot, and Christian mean the exact opposite.
Christian Taliban
and not a single uterus in the room ...
@era88 looks like a viagra convention to me
It is now 2017 and women need to be at the table!
a bunch of real stand up guys
that is STUNNING. We need to storm the castle.
But strangely they continue to say women in Middle East are silenced
But you have to say - lots of boobs around the table. Idiots and this is our representation in 2017. Sad.
Men have no business deciding laws on women's healthcare needs.  You haven't a clue, boys.
Optics be damned.
it's like the Saudi Arabia "girl's conference". All men. Welcome to Christian Sharia Law. @GOP @VP
what's next? Decriminalizing domestic violence? We truly are becoming like Russia.
Went to a PP advocacy meeting today. Thinking of our discussion, this photo says it all. Cecile Richards - one of my heroes.
humph. So like Trump
@VickiJJustin 
a round table of limp dicks.
An all male photo of a Donald Trump meeting, and so many naive people say he's not sexist?
@Chewwie7 But I'll bet prostate cancer screening is covered.
For all these so called pro lifers out there-how many babies will die because of NO prenatal care?
Isn't it better to provide as much contraception aids as possible? Dare I say logical?
Bitter ignorant old white men determined to make others pay for their obvious impotence. @cher @Rosie @SarahKSilverman @JLo
,vqmn ' ğk
Anyone see hypocrisy with claiming to value life before birth but yanking healthcare coverage from people afterwards?
Or with excluding prenatal care because "men don't get pregnant."
@Lis_Smith Where is Dr ivanka Trump to weigh in on this issue.
Where's Ivanka?
Skiing in Aspen on your dime.
@SierraClub How is THIS still a thing?!?!?!?
I will pray for your soul. It will be a challenge, but I will pray.
All those white "Christian" men denying women the financial means to birth their babies!
I like that they put the date down at the bottom of that image, in case somebody automatically files it in the 1950s section.
Don't you love cloudy days?  My thoughts on the picture - I love the clouds!
The ONE time @IvankaTrump isn't inappropriately in a meeting!
Ivanka is on her monthly vacation--skiing in Aspen with the other Trumps kids and a 100 Secret Service detail
devastating. Just unacceptable. Unforgettable. #resist #IStandWithPP
Cuz those DUDES must not have a Mom, or a wife, or a sister or a daughter (or KIDS for that matter!). Let THEM pay 4their ED
.@CecileRichards 
Just because so many of them have man-boobs, they think it qualifies.
Dudes must all B sterile (or congenitally dysfunctional), 'cuz 1)they're against birthcontrol & 2)it takes 2 to make a BABY!
Have these experts ever had a baby and a career? Have they ever been paid less than the person next to them?
I so wish I could
...and voter registration forms
@JustWhatNowWhy 
Nasty Women... Needed!
        AMERICA 
             (?)
I'm seriously waiting for Pence to recommend Ovulation Registry!
@ValeriePlame I don't understand why women are not out protesting
.@CecileRichards @TheBaxterBean  This is The Freedom Caucus.
Sesame Street translation: "Brought to you by the letters, GTFOHWTB"
The gaggle of dried-up, old, know-nothing, white MEN.  @TheBaxterBean
when do we stop oppressing white men. Some of them are standing instead of sitting 
@ValeriePlame what's wrong with this picture?
at least they can still get their boner medication.
Ain't it grand!
@ChadHGriffin my head is exploding currently.
No public meetings and no open forums.  Trumpcare created behind closed doors.
shameful
can the "designated survivor " be a thing?  None of these assholes have any right to life in my view.
Oh, these guys certainly know what to do.
No birth control, no abortion, no maternity care-well then, how's abstinence working out with your Viagra?
@dcrobinson55 Yet they want to vanquish Taliban from doing pretty much the same thing they're now doing to American women.
If this bill passes, we need to REFUSE to sign up Huge premiums that cover nothing & tax breaks for CEOs. Win/win for ins. companies, not us
@ChadHGriffin hate them@all@
@ValeriePlame  love ur humor
#PersonalExperience
just a bunch of YUGE vaginas
Watch as rich, old, white male millionaires gather to remove women's health care. Did any of you guys have mothers? shame
Jeez, you could make a fortune selling head polish in that room.
@YaffaDina OMG...this is so wrong on every level
Oh no come on, they said maternity coverage will be affordable...IF YOU ARE ON A FAMILY PLAN. #legislatedmorality
@SenatorCardin I mean, not even Ivanka in that room
This group does not represent the women of America.
@SierraClub 

Where are the women ?
No women!!? May as well be the Taliban!
@DDupre9 it's a KKK meeting lol @maddow @JoyAnnReid @jaketapper @Lawrence @chrislhayes @CharlesMBlow @elizabethforma @funder
@GOP @POTUS #sexist #misogynist #WarOnWomen! #IStandWithPP #notgoingback!
I'm a taxpayer and I don't want my tax dollars going to Planned Parenthood get it from private donors
@kvpi  Please Direct Americans to the specific part of the AHCA that speaks about ending Maternity Coverage. #AHCA #facts
#wedeservebetter
@thepoliticalcat well as I see it, they must place their manhood "somewhere". May they experience long term celibacy. Whoops
I'm a guy but that's funny
More hokum.
@rcarr57 I'm really getting tired of all the old white men who don't have a clue
I know it doesn't help today but we can take heart they'll soon be dead.
Obviously those dick heads think they are the  experts
@SierraClub if you DONT have a uterus you DONT have a legitimate claim to make a choice on the matter!!!
2 bad #PlannedParenthood covers ending maternity. Violently.
when is enough-enough??
@SenatorCardin So heartening to know this group of white devils cares so dearly about maternity leave!
Sorry, sub-human, racists, white supremacists, misogynist traitors colluding w/each other and Putin/the Russians against US.
wow dawg relax blacks have a high stroke rate
A room full of old white guys making profound life decisions for the rest of us. What have we let our govt become?
@mindyreed21 @CecileRichards off
Please explain why killing babies is so personally profitable for you? Since you make at least $500K per year.
No one is killing babies and no she doesn't make $500k. But she probably is only making 70% of a typical male CEO.
Hey, there's one standing in the back. That gets the diversity box checked, right?
women need their own insurance managed by women.
great idea find women entrepreneurs and do it
would Iove to!
