Trump rolls back Obama’s birth control coverage rule: http://huffp.st/1ViK32t  
Knit wit #birthcontrol is a preventive of BIRTH not healthcare. They are not Ill!  @realDonaldTrump @2016tweetybird @FoxNews @kwilli1046
Do you not understand that hormonal birth control is prescribed to treat issues such as endometriosis and PCOS? #birthcontrol IS #healthcare
That’s what your gynecologist takes care of NOT PP Deny all you want doesn’t make it true. I bet Margaret Sanger is your idol
Let’s slow this down for you:
1) gynecologists prescribe hormonal BC  for myriad reasons.
2) To prevent unwanted conception, yes, but also to treat many other conditions.
3) allowing employers to exempt coverage of BC is not just about taking an elective med. For many it’s a necessity.
4) it doesn’t matter WHERE a woman goes for her OB/GYN care. Some can afford private practice, some can’t.
But Viagra is still allowed to be covered
What happened to the pill. Why wait till you conceive before make a decision?
GOP and Trump say your not allowed birth control
Just not murder.
GOP allows the guns you want .GOP does not allow birth contol, abortion or health care if your pregnant
Get your facts straight
I have my facts straight
You can get free condoms free pills,, why do you need abortions? Also it's idiots that kill not guns.
And by "birth control" you mean "abortion". Why won't you just say it, Senator?
Do you really not understand the difference? Do we let people graduate from high school with a biology class these days?
U missed the point. I see the difference. BC prevents conception, abortion kills an infant. U libs think they're morally equivalent.
As far as education- I'm your worst nightmare. A conservative with a JD & 2 Masters degrees. U only THINK you're smarter than everyone else.
Funny how much you think you know.
Birth control pills prevent pregnancy in women who use teratogenic medications 4 controlling blood pressure, seizures, bipolar disorder, etc
Excellent point. Accutane and other retinol products too.
I can count on my hands the number of medications that are supposedly safe during pregnancy. Even Tylenol is now a suspect.
I'm #wholelife.
want to make abortion increase?
DENY WOMEN CONTRACEPTION.
Maybe we should put it all OTC.

https://action.aclu.org/secure/stop-trumps-assault-womens-rights …
BREAKING: ACLU is suing the Trump administration. Blocking our right and access to contraception is discrimination, plain and simple.
Rubbers are birth control
And these people who don't want it will not want to take care of the unwanted children that result.


Families must determine how many children they can afford to support (in a failing Trump economy) & the health of their own family members.
I personally should not be paying for other people's birth control, it's your choice to keep your legs close or find other options, 
Dear @IvankaTrump Remember how you said you were going to be a champion for women? Now might be a really good time to step up to the plate!
No, she can afford her own birth control.  Only rich women matter.  Let them eat cake!
Birth control cake?
That may be the only way to get it.  My new business delivered fresh to offices every morning.
Are you going to support Medicare for All?
I'm done and fed up with this backward thinking and non-veiled attempt to put women back in the home to be barefoot and pregnant

YASSSSSS!!
What does birth control got to do with women being unhealthy? Read the side effects on most medications! Women were healthy b4 birth control
Hormonal contraception is used to treat myriad health problems, not just preg prevention. Oh wait you're a man.
His mother should have used brith control
Our illegitimate prez is a pencil dick and a Viagra using sleazy LOSER.  RESIST.
And they can pay for it
Not my responsibility to pay for your choice. Real medical issues are rare and covered by free market health insurance
We hate you so much. 
45 is a sad, old bitter man with sad, old bitter policies.
This is for the Evangelicals, don’t you know. Some of the most corrupt, hypocritical folks out there. Anything for a vote.
Yep! That's how they roll.
if contraception is important to someone they can plan it into their budget or change their lifestyle.don't need gov't meddling.
It’s actually a choice and it inexpensive already. It will only affect a few, very few health plans. Pls, quit lying to us about this.
Why should a woman pay for health insurance, and pay for HC out of pocket? That's unfair. Insurance covers ED meds.
Get insurance that covers all of the HC. Insurance covers a lot. Get insurance that you want. Cardin lying about # of women to lose ins.
#BirthControl is used to prevent pregnancies, not stop women from dying or being healthier. Next you'll say Viagra is vital to men's health.
BC's been a treatment for decades. & yes, Viagra. Sexuality--male/female--plays an important role in physical & psychological well being.
No it's not. I've never had to use BC in my life & it has nothing to do w/my health. Other form of BC & w/o gov't's help to buy.
Yr fortunate not to have problems hormonal therapy cld treat. In many cases, it cn eliminate the need for surgeries like hysterectomy.
strong independent women will now have to pay for their own birth control pills, a true health care tragedy
Why should women have to pay for health ins, and pay out of pocket for contraception? While ED drugs are covered. #doublestandard #misogeny
same reason I have to pay for condoms
Condoms don't treat your fibroids. If men had to bleed for a week every month, BCP would be free on every street corner.
pill won't keep me from STD's
Republicans don’t want to pay for birth control, abortions, or health care for us but they do want to give tax relief to the wealthiest 1%.
Thank you Senator Cardin.
Spiteful, little man.
And yet one person can overrule the health of 100 million Americans? @SenatorCardin? Really? This is allowed? Not democracy.
IMPEACH THE CRIMINAL CORRUPT CREEP SOB
Thank you Senator for your support of women's healthcare. Women AND men benefit when they can plan pregnancies.
Without birth control, surely there will be more abortions -- among mistresses of hypocrite prolife politicians, for example.
For instance, the Mirena IUD to prevent uterine cancer.
Birth control pills to prevent stress fractures in young athletes.
Why don’t any of u see this as a coup?The president abuses his power and has taken most of this country hostage.We are at war,he treats us as an enemy.
@Yankees Really Joe Why didn't you challenge the HBP
So this will impact 62 million, or just your donor base.  The constitution is more important Senator.
Problem with GOP they equate BC with sex and they want to control women having sex. Women need BC of other OBGYN health reasons
And it saves lives.  Birth control is also prescribed for variety of health conditions including very painful uterine fibroids.
So here’s a way to drive down abortion rates-said no one EVER - want less abortions; one path to lowering # is by access to contraceptives
AGAIN he is pandering to that evangelical base, because most Catholics use BC.
Thank God the legions of women Moron Don has been with have used birth control or we would have more Eric and Juniors around
Why can't women pay for birth control just like any other medication that's covered by prescription insurance
Trump would allow employers to NOT provide insurance coverage 4contraception. So women would pay for insurance, & have to pay out of pocket
Do these dumb hypocrite refubs want a buncha babies runnin around? Do they adopt, foster, sponsor abandoned kids at a group home? Dingbats
People would rather spend money in buying cannabis . But yet they can't afford birth controls. Very ironic.
Why can't women pay for their birth controls or their man?. The government doesn't benefit from that. The men does. They want sex, pay 4 it
Thanks @SenatorCardin. It is prevention, control over one’s body and life choices.  #BirthControl is the most prolife decision ever.
I just want to know when you all will say enough is enough?
Good for him what women do is between them and their doctor, the federal government needs to stay out of it.
Thank you, Ben.
Yes sir it does! Thank you Senator.

In this country a uterus is more heavily regulated than an assault weapon
DT is a very sick man. Employers not covering birth control!!! Why not! Oh! It was Obama's idea and DT hates him and all blacks!
You are an idiot
Abortion rates are going to skyrocket.  Pro-life, my ass.
Just another way for @POTUS to grab women by the pu&&y. How fitting for the 1 yr anniversary of the release of the Access Hollywood tape.
It's also patently discriminatory unless you're allowing religions to eliminate blood transfusions and other procedures
You know what they call a woman who uses NFP/rhythm? Pregnant.
This is just one more act intended to create fear in Americans. First he tried to rip healthcare away, now it's birth control.
He doesn't care. He hates women.
He’s so stupid to understand that!! Ugh
I'd say don't be careless...take precausions, no tax payer wants to pay for your birth control or abortions, be responsible for your actions
You do realize that this is an insurance coverage issue that tax payers don't pay for correct?
As if we needed more proof that he hates us
Good let the “Nasty Women” pay for their own..
Buy your own shit 
If he wasn't @POTUS this might stop. It would show that America won't stand for a selfish, uninformed dictator #ImpeachTrump
The idea of allowing women to make choices about sex &reproduction, about working outside the home or mothering...scares these guys shitless
Planned Parenthood donated billions to Dems. They can foot the bill.
Orrrrr 700k.....
It is past due for this nation to collectively look at the @WhiteHouse's shift to #Dictatorship. @POTUS is wrong and dangerous for #America
Women & Children first used to be a rallying cry to help and save lives! 62 million women, 9 million CHIP kids now at risk! #CHIP #SaveBC
WH & Gops are taking us backwards, destorying anything & everything. They have sold our country to highest bidder & now dismantling it. 
But he just HAS to reverse it!  After all, that horrible @BarackObama did it.  (I miss POTUS 44 more than I thought possible)
resign RIGHT NOW
and is traceable in every spot of water on the planet. BEN YOU"RE NOT QUALIFIED TO BE A SENATOR
#25thAmendmentNow
Too stupid to understand hormone replacement therapy. @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott SC waits for you to step up! Women vote!
