He doesn't understand because he is mentally ill, has no filters, is impulsive & vindictive. Don't reproach. IMPEACH! He is a danger to U.S.
The entire administration should be loaded into a garbage truck and taken to a dump.
Remove him. Reset
maybe you should of said the same thing to this pathetic news couple, they're disgusting!
(Stated with respect:) Amen Ben! 
so what are you (we) going to do about it. i've seen a bunch of weak words with no effect from congress. when is the Action? -bmore citizen
Dishonesty does not deserve respect
There's a difference between news and propaganda, sir!
Why don't you do something about it already? This man is #unfit to be President. He needs to be removed from office. #fakepresident #impeach
@karmicstorm @realDonaldTrump He shouldn't be allowed to be part of the society!
Ok maybe someone should school him. #25thAmendment
I think he understands it, and he just doesn't want it!
Not quite sure what you are attempting to say Senator Cardin. Mika Brzezinski and her boy friend are political Commentators.  Not News.
He doesn't understand what it means to be @POTUS No dignity. No decorum. No tact.
Thank you Senator Cardin for speaking out and representing me.  And Sen @ChrisVanHollen and Rep @RepRaskin. 

We are fortunate. 

Maryland
Agree except I am lucky to be rep'd by Jon Sarbanes
They demonstrate that we have a President who is crude, uncouth, vulgar and totally driven by a childish ego wrapped in total defensiveness
What makes you think the press is free or open.  The "press" are propaganda machines.  DJT should focus on important work, not ego bruising.
Free open  press is great, but a press that make up stories and slander people is not OK and must be stopped.
Or integrity for the office
Trump's tweets show that he doesn't know what it means to be a decent human being. All the rest flows from that.
Bless you!
Yes Senator...
Don't take @realDonaldTrump to heart, his feelings are hurt easily. I'm sure @morningmika knows a little man (cockroach) when she sees one.
Thank you.
That is about as free and open as a person can be. Hateful people like her and you deserve what you get.
Sir. If the President of The United States DOESN'T UNDERSTAND that -your words- he CANNOT remain in office. Who will stand up for the oath?!
The appropriate response from him to Press behavior should be nothing but to prove them wrong. I feel so ashamed.
But who's going to tell him? And, who will he listen to? But, thank you for speaking out, Senator. Our @POTUS is decidedly undignified.
He degrades the office of #POTUS and embarrasses our nation on the world stage w/ every word. We are a joke to the world but he doesn't care
He knows full well what it means and also how to drag the whole system down for his own purposes
It shows he doesn't understand how to be President and never will.
No. One. Cares!!! Stop trying to grab the spotlight. You're irrelevant and this won't help by trying to grandstand. #MorningJoe
Is he not free to express himself?  Is that what you are saying?
Too bad every single GOP senator isn't  joining in this chorus.
He put fear in my heart for women's safety & for Freedom of the Press, and I'm a tough old sex offense prosecutor.
Are kidding me they've been on his ass since day one. I'm glad we have someone in office who does what they say they're going to do. GFY
A free press shouldn't be a fake press to mislead the public
In biz, it seems The Donald has always attempted to use Press as unpaid contractors to his marketing folly; now carried into gov't as Prez.
I'm no fan of @potus Senator but isn't he entitled to free speech rights 2 ?  As misguided and childish as they are?
It was disgraceful but please don't be distracted from Russia & health care issues.
Then do something about it !!!
Or to be a president...
Has it occurred to you that maybe the only time we have a free open press is when @realDonaldTrump tweets?

What about all the JUNK that is said by Trump and his family by the MSM and Hollywood.... oh right that's ok!!!!
Shame on you for being a obstructionist! You take time to scold the President but won't respond to your constituents! What a fool!
really Sir- shouldn't you be working instead of getting in the middle of this craziness?
Just another distraction (this was January's news)...and it was so un-presidential...why are we even listening? @morningmika we're with you!
how R the tweets sexist senator? Explain. Because he made mention of her hideous face?dont grandstand sir.
Potus is unfit to serve.  Encourage relevant parties to have courage to invoke 25th amendment.
Trump is a pig
He doesn't understand much of anything, actually. It's going to take a long time to get back everything that's been lost. :((
Free & open media does not mean constantly ridiculing the Pres while not or under reporting favorable facts
And that he has a very thin skin.  Didn't someone say he does not have the temperament for the office?
Every living ex-president. 
So what is Congress going to do about it, Senator?
You call what @JoeNBC @morningmika & 90% of alt-left MSM say and do "free press"?  It is about damn time someone break checked them haters.
Or to be in one's right mind.  #CluelessTrump
How about vulgar?
This 
Paalease
What that dizzy facelifted blonde has been saying about Donald Trump is reproachful and sexist she deserved what she got
Then DO SOMETHING about it!!!
