This tactic by @SenateMajLdr to repeal #ACA & ram through the House's #Trumpcare bill is awful. Designed to offer zero transparency.
Then please do something!
@GOP needs to lose every seat in elections until 2120... And maybe longer. We must get the real USA restored. They must pay for the damage
We already have a bad bills called Obamacare time to get rid of it go to something better
Can't let it happen.
Thank you, @SenatorCardin for standing up for your constituents ... and our healthcare! #SaveTheACA
Were smart enough to fall for that
Back Alley dealing and the 1% are getting Ready to shop.  Yeah we have Royalty
They don't care that #trumpcare will put my child's life at risk for death or institutionalization
McConnell is a sad, old white man who has spent the past eight years of his life being envious of every achievement of President Obama.
This is how the GOP deals with poverty #modernamericangenocide
Is there any way to stop this?
Are their no possible "rules" we can invoke on him?
The @GOP  wants a win and don't care who they hurt in the process. Folks who lose coverage will let them know come election time.
Snake
Good defense play no GOP seats ever filled as long as they breath air-curse b on them a lifetime n2 3rd/4th generations!
As bad as, "We have to pass the bill, before you can read the bill!"  A bit hypocritical Ben!
McConnell needs to go home!!
It begs the question,just what r they doing with elections?Its strange that they don't feel the need to worry what the people rx!
Speaking of voting,I don't trust that committee trump sent out to find "voter fraud." They need a watch dog.
Sen. Cardin, please do all you can to fight McConnell & to expose him for the fraud that he is.  McConnell's objective: personal wealth.
How's this even possible? If declaring war (where 1000's can die) requires approval, why doesnt this war, where MILLIONS *WILL* DIE??!! WTH?
More proof the senate is up for hire, the people no longer matter, vote them out!
Should we expect anything other than deceit from turtle  face Mitch
Seriously?They all need to be removed from office.They r billionaires,how much more do they need?Why are we not allowed to have healthcare?
Is the exemption still in place?
Like you did with Obamacare? Hippocrites abound!
You mean like what you and the rest of your Democrat cohorts did to us w/ obamacare? If you like you doctor, your insurance, your full x job
like you freaks did with obama care
This is Wrong for All Americans @maddow @washingtonpost @NancyPelosi

Why can they bypass hearing and debate? Crazy rules, no matter which party is in control. We must resist fiercely.
You mean like Dems did with the failing Obamacare?
No.
So what can we do @SenatorCardin   #help
Screw people @KYGOP for unleashing this animal McConnell on the poor of this country.Only good news most of Ky will suffer more than us!!
How on earth is he getting away with this? No checks and balances for bills of this importance
Our elected representatives are really doing this to the country... to us! Behavior so corrupt it resists sinking in. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Of course he did. He lining his pockets too. When his term is up, he'll be ready to retire and have scored big on the backs of    Americans
This is an act of partisan ignorance. Both parties must hear and debate. Americans must be allowed to hear the bill.
This is unconscionable. Please resist!
McConnell should retire, and hope we don't remember him. If he does this, history is going to piss all over him and his family 7 generations
Is @SenateMajLdr blinded by hate?
I believe most Republicans are. They hated Obama and now they apparently hate all Americans except the 1%. They must be voted out!
Please get in front of cameras & show your outrage abt this. Ppl do not know this is happening
What did u hypicrites do with Obamacare. U had to pass it to see what was in it, and it ended up wrecking our healthcare system. Hypocrite.
Could be no worse than Obama care.
Did you stop him?  We don't want this!
I can help gerrimataras@aol.com.Trumps heart is in the right place he needs to go to the people about health care not speaker ryan
He's a snake and always has been.
@CaseyHinds @SenateMajLdr THE TRAITOROUS TURTLE AT IT AGAIN! Crawl back under UR rock Mitch!You may be next 2B investigated!
@SenateMajLdr #LetsSeeTheBill #AHCA2017 Where is it?
Please let this be McConnell's  last term. He is divisive and miserable and wants everyone else to be miserable.
And what are you and your fellow Democrats going to do about it? BTW, still waiting for you to come out in favor of #MedicareForAll.
And what will you do about it @SenatorCardin ?
How monstrous are these damn senators shoving this bill down our throats???
You expected anything less from. McConnel? He is a Traitor and Dems better start asking some serious questions about McConnell s loyalties
Fight him Ben...
An army awaits the call to serve.  We are engaged but not coordinated.
Mother###%#ing POS. That's it. Everyone should just vote no on the bill then.
Our nation is hostage to the abominable plundering  of this administration;@SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan are making sure it stays that way.
Expect no less from Yertle. Got to pay for wifey's job!
Chuckling at "yertle"

hahahahaha

So how's that Mexico-paid-for wall coming? Or the 30-day plan to "defeat ISIS?" Or labeling China acurrency manipulator on "Day One?" Etc?
McConnell and Ryan (along with entire GOP), are the dangerous part of this travesty. As country mourns, they push agenda to hurt Americans.
Are you surprised - they blocked almost everything for 8 years.
Senator, please don't let Mitch and GOP monopolize our health care. @SenateMajLdr - stop eroding our senate of civil decency!
How do we get this to stop
Riot and RESIST!
@SharronSmiley @SenateMajLdr GOP forgot they work for the ppl.they want us sick,poor and fearful.
Ben, in T rump's murica it's totally ok to bodyslam Mitch and still take your seat in congress. Thanks GOP for gutting all democratic norms!
Funny, I don't remember the GOP being so cavalier when it came to Obamacare. In fact, I believe the House had 43 votes to repeal and the
SCOTUS reviewed it. Not to mention the crying that got all the Tea Party nutjobs elected. If you're a Republican voter and you support this
He's a piece of crap. Inhumane.
Can't pay to much attention on what they saying,better keep eye on what there doing in the back room,there not shuffling cards there dealing
Peeps supporting #GOP #ACHA r really missing the big picture. (like most #TrumpSupporters)

Not about hating GOP, about helping Americans!
Besides calling and complaining to our lawmakers, WHAT CAN WE DO?
I'm genuinely asking, Senator. Please help us.

NEVER.
So Senate rules allows 4 thoughtful democratic process are being sunk for a dictator form of governance?  What are they doing to us????
Not Trumpcare….it’s a repeal and replacement of a failing Obamacare. GOP elected to replace it.
amazing, maganuts forget how it took over a year to pass ACA because they tried to work with the obstinate GOP
How do we stop it?
#PaulRyan only wants to tear down what has been built and block what could be built. #PartyOfNothing #GOPHATESICKPOOR #Resist #NoAHCA
This kind of policy is bad for working Americans and hiding it won't help Republicans be re-elected. Bad move for all.
The repeal of the ACA will affect all Americans, not just those on the exchanges.
Dear Senator Cardin: Nothing could possibly be worse than your ill-conceived and actuarially blind ObamaCare. Thank you.
#GOP doesn't give a Frack about what's best for average Americans. They care about their doners) donations. #CountryOverParty #FlipThe6th
Remind me who had the most money raised by special interest groups…..and it wasn’t GOP. Show me something Dems have done for us in 8 years
You mean like the #Democrats did? You have to read it to find out what’s in it? @NancyPelosi
Compare to Harry Reid…almost nothing went to the floor to vote even bills supported by Dems.
#2018 #2020
#FlipThe6th #flipthesixth #FlipTheHouse #FlipItBlue #FlipItDem
