where were you when Holder broke the laws and never stood up to Obama?

this is why the revolution has begun and will not end. Because people like you Senator refuse to sit by and do nothing! Thank you
you don't know what a revolution is. Do you think we are going to sit by and let liberals wreck our lives and country if

You need to stop trying to divide people just because you personally are unhappy! Trump Trump Trump! 
you are such an inspiration
@SenSchumer @POTUS You have become Hateful and Forget that you work for the People and you shouldn't let your feelings take over.
Thank you Sen Warren for your passion and your leadership!
@SenSchumer @POTUS Thank you for working so tirelessly for us, Senator Warren. Respectfully, next time, don't let them stop you.
another #fakenews spreader #fauxahontas
and here is a picture of PHONY BALONEY.
suddenly this is a problem for you? Never was before. Republicans and Democrats in Senate need to stop partisan crap.
i'm afraid we're all screwed. they're gonna ignore the law, ignore the constitution, ignore the american people.
wrong this isn't Obama administration- Trump admin will uphold Constitution & put Americans first
Wondering if you realise you voted for a President to cancel ACT (Obamacare). Will that affect You?
@BeauWillimon @POTUS If any conservative places Sessions experience over his racist acts, they're the real problem
historical record? Evidence?
Are you EVER silent? SHUT UP!!! We don't care what you think thay's why we voted Trump into office. Get a freaking clue!
we love you. Run for president  in 2020 please
Definitely  landslide material.  Ya- teh- hey
@duckdaj @POTUS It's not about standing up, you and your cronies are scared, Sessions will expose Washington #GetReady
he won't stand up to Trump like AG Sally Yates - yes it is frightening that checks and balances will be lost
Yes he will
fight like hell
please let us hear your speech. We are listening.
Glad there are people like the Senator when there are people like the President.
Thank you thank you thank you!!!!
you speak for all of us Sen Warren and we will support you all the way!
So,  what would be different than the Lynch/Obama/Clinton/Lerner/Holder partnership? Get out of Sessions' way, Pocahontas.
Personal foul, appeal to fear. Offense tried to create agreement by race baiting the audience
@SenateMajLdr
and I thought circuses were no longer main stream
@SenSchumer @POTUS Make ur case on the facts. Keep it professional n factual,not personal. N lets vote. That's the process.
kinda like AG lynch-holder and Obama, didn't hear a peep from u then Ms unbiased senator
yes you will be silent, Pocahontas....
Thank you! Silence is the enemy. Stay strong. Millions are with you.
Are you talking about Eric Holder?
@SenSchumer @POTUS next time, fight like a girl!  We believe in you!
you are a hero, you wont and neither will we. One women is attacked we all are@@womensmarch
the only absolute disgrace here is you. Sad that someone like you can get into congress.
When he breaks the law? Are you clairvoyant? How about if?
on what basis do you make that assumption? U act like President is a criminal disrespectful
he is a criminal, he's a conman, he is creating hysteria and in bed with KGB
he is our President, has violated no laws & the Putin propaganda is fabrication of Leftsee Hillary w Russia
you're right he is still not majority owner of his companies and receiving foreign money. Facts, laws
Hillary was the one receiving foreign money - Trump has assets all over the world - don't be manipulated
Hillary isn't president. Trump is so he is in violation hence why an ethics committee has formed
what exactly is he in violation of
he hasn't officially resigned as president of Trump, having DOD considering renting space. Just started new business in florida
While I appreciate your passion DeVos confirmation is all we need to look at to see how Sessions will go. We are powerless
that's a good thing or else Iran could get more of our tax money! We dodged a HUGE Bullet! #neverhillary lol
I'm glad you appreciate a two party system. Oh wait...
I appreciate we could get the hell away from the democratic corrupt party!
Talk to me in four years when your kid can't read, you have no healthcare and we're at war.
I won't be able to. I don't think they have Twitter in Iran where you'll be with the rest of Obamas fans.
#IStandWithSenatorWarren! If they thought we were nasty then... buckle up @SenateGOP you ain't seen nothing yet!
Rattle the sabers!!  It's cute,  but ineffective.
@katiejoythiele @POTUS double standard liberal hypocrite
you mean this time. Because you did last time.
.@SenWarren @SalDiDomenico @POTUS / you are a hypocrite and a LIAR. You said NOTHING when Obama violated the Constitution at least 19 times.
so what law has Trump broken?
When he breaks the law? Bit of presumption there? You're just a very angry, hateful woman.
You can't be talking about Eric holder. Fast and furious. Gun sales to drug lords. Oh my
Your lapdogs are incapable of intelligent thought or exercising common sense & their rhetoric- the same redundant, stale talking points that are consistently devoid of facts. In the meantime, you have no credibility & even the Cherokee nation declares you’re not Native America.
.@SenWarren @SalDiDomenico @POTUS / Really?? the same way Holder and Loretta stood up to Obsma when he broke the law, NUMEROUS TIMES
And a potus that doesn't stand for anything.

Millions of Americans support you Senator.
Million bajillions
I represent 45K followers and we stand with Senator Warren.
And @realDonaldTrump represents 60 million. #WeStandWithPresidentTrump #Sessions
Yeah and Clinton represents about 65 million LOL. So yeah. We stand with @SenWarren
@DonaldChump might look up the Posse Comitatus Act which prohibits the use of US military on US soil
@SenWarren I wish that people couldbseebin the future - because it has been full of evidence to support your position
You're never silent. Empty barrels make the most noise!!!
When you lied and said you were part indian to get into college you kept a true Indian from attending and you talk about lying !!!
Why are you concerned over that when you clearly broke the rules of the Senate?
Sit down and shut up.
you'd like that wouldn't you. But don't complain when it's your rights infringed. Block me now please.
Can't imagine how an Education Secretary could possible infringe in my rights, but I'll stay vigilant.
good luck to your kids and grandkids. Hope they're as smart as you obviously are.
nobody's kids have been doing well under status quo and teachers unions. Things seem to keep getting worse.
she is not the solution and unqualified, making a bad situation worse. She's out of touch with the realities of the issue
Mark Zuckerberg gave $100 million to Newark schools, but couldn't fire bad teachers. Nothing changed.
ok now what
you go girl... I'm 100% behind you!! You stand for what I stand for and millions of others. We've got your back! Thank you
You won't be silent because you enjoy hearing yourself complain too much.
@set_38104 @POTUS She persisted. So must we all.
How dare the senate do this to you. They are cowards under trump's wallet. American people vote out the liars next term.
Appalled at Mitch McConnell.  Shame on him for silencing women.
Didn't see you "stand up" to Loretta Lynch the numerous times she allowed Obama to make a mockery of the DOJ.
u r so freaking pitiful it pains me to think how you got to this level of sickness!
I bet Coretta King would be so impressed with a rich white woman that fakes being a Native American for personal gain
I am proud of you.
@SenSchumer @POTUS you step away you're corrupt!  Obama broke law left & right, this time it doesn't suite your sorry self!!
Kinda have to be there Liz.
@sixfeetofficial @POTUS you mean like obamas attorney general did for him. Trump and his cronies are shitheads as is your party
@mumper @POTUS travel bans are all fine when Obama does it. Someone you don't like does the same thing... OMG world is ending.
so you are saying you don't want a repeat of the last 8 years when lawlessness was the norm. #fastandfurious #bengazie
ehh, you were literally silenced tho!
and you never stood up to obama
Did you stand up when the rioters broke the law? America sees your lack of response to violence and will not support you!
Thank you Elizabeth. America is behind you!
Since when has an Attorney General ever done that?
You're a fraud... just stay seated.
obama extended bush's wars and ran out of bombs. what are you idiots talking about hillary or obama for?
the last ppl 2 b the voice 4 coretta King r Dems who give what jobs that r left 2 illegals as unemployment with Blacks11%
.@SenWarren @POTUS Obama did the same 19 times! Where was your voice then huh?
Thank you for standing up for what is right!
2 words ERIC HOLDER!
I love you and your spirit and strength!!
your fake
Thank you for taking a stand! #resist
take two weeks off and quit
when did he break the law. Like Obama and hilary did and some senators and rep that did and does
#SenWarren that's one thing for sure..you never shut up!! We don't want to hear it!!!
like u, @theDemocrats & Lynch never stood up 2 Obama's illegalities? Lib hypocrisy turns off every1 but Lib radicals. #libtard
but since you have no power left , no one cares what you say.
Ms warren, you say you won't be silent via your statement, why were you when Obama constently broke the law ??   Joke.
especially when lying about your ethnicity
Thank you Senator Warren. He's a Nixon Redo
So....what kept you from speaking up during the previous administration when in fact Obama/Holder.....?
thank you! (P.S. When you announcing your candidacy for POTUS. I need that bumper sticker.)
no body cares wut u say ur irtevelant with diarriha of the mouthb
Keep talking we need you
#RubberStampRepublicans don't speak for America
Would you prefer that they aspire to be more like Loretta Lynch?
@freedomusa_ Lol...that was s hilarious considering all the corruption with AG Lynch and Hillary Clinton!
Isn't the punishment for treason death penalty. Thank you for all u do. We cannot rubber stamp the next for years. Impeach
I don't always agree with you but McConnell invoking that rule does far more to mar decorum than reasonable criticism of nominees
= BOGUS
#KeepSpeakingSenator!  Thank you!
Except that you have. Rule 19. Take a seat, fauxcahontas.
thank you !!!
YOU WILL BE SILENT!!
ATT GEN LYNCH AND BILL CLINTON MEET ON THE PLANE.  WHILE HILLARY'S FBI INVESTIGATES ERASED EMAILS ON NONSECURE  SERVER
All of a sudden #Democrats care about law? & twist it. @DNC @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @realDonaldTrump
pray tell #Queen Elizabeth what gives you the right to break Senate rules.  You knew the rules when you took your oath!
you lie and protect those who break the law. So shut up
Just like you stood up to @BarackObama every time broke the law…ummm…NO…WAIT…What did you just say? @POTUS #TheresThatWordAgain
@ThePerezHilton @POTUS it's not about being silent Senator, it's about being civil... America needs a little more civility rn
But she persisted.

but you'd cozy up to a presidential candidate under multiple federal investigations and won the primaries by rigging them
@Giilltorres911 @POTUS omg!!! Liz u have so much hate in you, why are u so angry?? Have a drink and chill.
she gets the job done. Wait you see, she will run against Trump in 2020
sounds great, N the mean time Liz like the "Macklemore song Downtown" something about mowing your lawn, 
Sessions in senate for years. If he is bad why the silence for years?
Yet U were silent when 2 attorneys general never stood up to BHO when he repeatedly broke the law #hypocrisy & #dishonesty
Senator Warren, you have just created a massive following and staunch supporter for you in 2020! You will have my vote!
so why didn't you object to the last two AG's who allowed 44 to commit lawless acts
keep promoting that book sweetie.
... but You did back down from AG Lynch ... right?
You have no moral compass Ma'am.
Funny how you did just that for the past four years.
it's was about time they shut you up we are really sick & tired of your BS the only racists hear is you @SenWarren
Uou need to be silent! How many laws & rules are you cry babies gonna break? OMG please retire Elizabeth! It's time....
your like the boy who cried wolf. When will you learn. You are not the Democratic Party.
The way Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch stood RIGHT UP to Obama's lawlessness???  Like that????
A senator with so much confidence 
thank you Senator Warren!  Never be quiet during times of injustice. #notmypresident #putingate #electionrigging
consider an Apache attack!  You are not credible.
How "robust" is the mail system in the capital? I think perhaps these folks need copies of the constitution and federal laws.
Got your back. Keep persisting! #StillMySenator
and lorretta lynch
So NOW you have a problem? NOW?  Where have U been the last 8 years with 2 corrrupt AGs who allowed Obama to break laws?
I pray not because we're depending on you. Let the peace of God be with you
@oregonclematis @POTUS #ShePersists 
Warren's Warriors are on the march! We will not be silenced!
@France4Hillary @POTUS Keep up the fight! Silence no longer! #Neverthelessshepersisted
All due respect Senator y is it when u dems channel the King family u ignore Alveda King?because she's a prolife advocate?
Coretta Scott King thanked Sessions for putting together the grand opening of Rosa Parks Library and Museum.
We need more outspoken people like you. I am appalled at what's going with this administration.
You mean like that last A.G. on the tarmac?
@businessthrill @POTUS #WarrenisCrazy #letlizspeak she should be unseated as senator & what laws has @POTUS broken
Nasty Women are Americas hope. Keep telling the truth. We are listening and we support you.
Please persist, senator!
You better not, EW.
Bitter, unfair, deceptive, weak and utterly unprofessional Ms. Warren.

So you are in favor of prosecuting Holder, Lynch and Jarrett? Good. @SenWarren @POTUS
u just did beatch. Dont remember being told to shut up & u did. Get use to it #fauxchahontas
As opposed to Holder who did Obama's bidding?
Stand up for the 3 MILLION more ppl who voted for Clinton than for the #RacistInChief. Thank you Sen Warren!
you are making a fool of your self and of all women......close your large mouth and listen
right because holder and lynch were so defiant of Obama. Nobody takes you seriously when you're this much of a hypocrite
when is he though?
@billbarnwell @POTUS ... as opposed to last 8 years when you encouraged it
you do not speak for me. You are an embarrassment to the United States Senate.
you are a liar you called Jeff Sessions a bigot and a racist on the senate floor... that's why you were censured
Thank you!!!
YES!!!  Proud of you Elizabeth Warren!  Keep speaking out!
