... They hacked our democratic institutions, spread lies through the media, and financed efforts to support the Trump campaign.
Now @potus wants to work with Russia on cyber defense, takes Putin’s lie that he did not interfere in our election at face value ...
... and pours cold water on the sanctions package Congress is working to send him.
what will you do about it @SenatorCardin ?
True, as ranking member of Foreign Relations do something besides making tuff-guy statements Sir.
And Putin needs to pay dearly and anyone that says they will do that I will vote for Repuglicans r the party of crime and corruption
This metaphor would be even better if FDR's kids had been bombardiers for Hirohito.
Is anyone gonna do anything about this or do we patriots have to gather up our pitchforks against this treasonous organization in WH?!!!
How about we Patriots organize our friends, neighbors & countrymen to vote for the #Resistance candidates in 2018?
By then they will have figured out how to change vote counts.
Pretty sure they already have.
That's what the list of all the USA's voters and their personal info is really about.
True, but the states replied w/a resounding NO. Our systems are working.
Except for some dimwits in Alabama.
Maybe you can get enough Alabamans to lobby your Secretary of State. That worked in Arizona.
While it was serious, and should be investigated fully, comparing to Pearl Harbor? Our Men died, our Pacific Fleet crippled. 
Getting Trump elected may very well cause deaths due 2 destruction of HC, enviro,labor,&other regulations that protect us #SABOTAGEinsideJOB
Resembling SLOW poisonIng rather than bombs, people still die unnecessarily due to RUS actions & heir consequences #PutinSmirksAtIneptDonald
Think of Flint, Michigan: PEOPLE DIED due to SADISTIC budget cuts GOP INFLICTS ON SERVICES for POORER TAXPAYERS TO #EnrichTheTop #ScrewPoor
Trump's BUDGET PROPOSAL=NATIONWIDE FLINT on STEROIDS,cut agencies/regs so CORPS poison WATER,LAND,AIR, while top 1% #GETricher &MOVE 2 DAVOS
...LEAVING BEHIND a decimated landscape, economy,society- minds Poisoned by FOX,rest POISONED BY TRUMP policy delivered by #PutinHackAttacks
The division seems to be the goal. Divide and conquer.
Cyber Psychological Warfare
With the assistance of the so called president...
And yet... @gop leadership is has no problem with it.
They must be in on the takeover by putin through trump then.
You have to wonder...
Pearl Harbor really? Revealing  the dishonesty in the DNC and Clinton campaign! How many people died? Wait that was Benghazi.
RUSSIA ATTACKED OUR DEMOCRACY BY ATTEMPTING TO SABOTAGE OUR FAIR ELECTION SYSTEMS.
This Statement shows You're obviously one of the problems within Washington. It happened on your watch.
Does anyone believe that if Clinton's campaign was offered dirt on Trump by a Russian they would have refused?
I am incredibly tired of people saying this, or that, didn't matter in Nov 2016. The EC win was by razor thin margins. Everything mattered.
Absolutely
No one died on board any ships, but many will die due to healthcare neglect of fellow citizens.
http://Yes.Now  please try to convince your colleagues regarding this and move forward. Our nations security depends on it
And the GOP are aiding and abetting a traitorous administration. This cant be allowed to happen in USA.
Says literally *everyone* except the presidents immediate circle... @realDonaldTrump
Pretty far fetched allegation. Any proof? By the way, what about DNC rigging the primary for HRC? Political Hiroshima?


Oh, that's right they were meddling and Obama knew, but did NOTHING.
When will the Republican Russian Party stand up for our country?
A hack on the DNC is not even close to an act of war.  Nobody lost life because your campaign chair had a password that was 12345
Translation: "I can't defend Trump but I can diss the Democrats real good so I'll do that instead!"
Yup that's a troll for you!
Never give up! We didn't give up when the Germans bombed pearl harbor, did we!?

#MAGA #FAKENEWS #Trump4Emperor! 

Ugh. Can't even fake this
A planned act of aggresion towards the United States, and yet Donald Trump & GOP does nothing.
Hiroshima the Trump Administration
Well the kicker will be if this is not quickly corrected, we see a repeat of the same actions. We need our politicians to address this now.
And Our President wants to move forward
WH/Congress: America's leaders are elected. Russia hacked who leads us. Identity thieves! They have altered who America is. Grave crime
You don't say! So what are we going to do about it????? That's what most Americans want to know!
I wish the Senator knew what he was talking about. He sounds a lot like Joe.
1st. Cyber World War has begun, we are now recovering from yet a Cyber Pearl Harbor!
All the while Putin gets to sit pretty and smile his sadistic head off, basking in the joy of hand Trump the apocalypse code.
Bad analogy.  Americans didn't help the Japanese bomb Pearl Harbor.
And trump just wants to move on what a moron he is
Indeed it did Sir and thank u for stating that publicly
Then for God's sake Senator...stand up & FIGHT FOR AMERICA. Get Putin OUT OF OUR ELECTIONS..
and Trump jr just admitted to trying to get information from them... intent is a crime and no all campaigns don't go to their country's foe
.#Media: Enough of the euphemisms – #Russia didn’t”  “meddle" (toy with) our election they sabotaged & STOLE it.
What is plan to address Russian (& other countries) #Hacking ?

And what about their bots driving citizens' opinions & beliefs w #FakeNews ?
Please do something about it Senator Cardin.  We Marylanders have faith in you.
Please take a stand & do something about it! Somebody needs to protect us...djt will not.
Agreed!
Why does Kushner still have his security clearance?
Exactly and I as a citizen of America -I demand the senate and congress that represent me and promises to keep America safe -do something !
#MakeDonaldAJailBrideByChristmas

#JailBrideByChristmas

#TrumpIsTheNoiseAnAsianDudeMakesAfterScottishFood
And like before, there WILL BE payback for those who attacked us. Enemies *foreign and domestic.* We have long memories and PATIENCE.
You are kidding of course! Pearl Harbor? Get over it.
And like FDR allowed Pearl Harbour, DJT allowed this because it was to the benefit of his own ambitions.
Will you do something about it? That is the important thing.
Let it go move on
Please impeach!
@POTUS @tedlieu @maddow @CNN @donlemon @jaketapper @wolfblitzer @andersoncooper @BethW_NoTrump @puppymnkey @Lawrence
STOP with the dangerous and DEBUNKED #Russiagate nonsense! #Neocons will NOT get their war #corrupt #plutocracy
@realDonaldTrump @potus @WhiteHouse @nypost @FBI @Alt_FedEmployee @USMC_DD @RVAwonk Yes people, it's that serious! MD
I do agree 100%.  Trump is the most hated man in the entire country with his daily dumb antics. God forgive us for electing him.
And yet we remain entirely undefended on our cyber front
Doooo something.
Sad time for USA and embarrasing on the world stage too.
And shittttttt....u need to go wit trump outta d.c. be glad when your base gets a clue....ur fired sir
Correction: a digital Pearl Harbor.
That would mean a Decl. Of War. Do we really want a war with a nation that has 500 ICBMs ready to launch at any time? Rethink your strategy
Yes, meddling is when your neighbor tells you how to train your dog. Sabotage is when they move in your house...and kill your dog.
An act of war !!
Really? How many brave Americans died in this equivalent attack? Such a really inappropriate statement that sully the memories of heros.
Now you guys are speaking my language.  Hopefully, ALL your fellow @SenateDems get on board.
How dare you compare to Pearl Harbor where American military were killed-ridiculous analogy

Ask  DNC to turn over the server to aid invest
So Senator what are you going to do about it. Impeachment should start now
DO SOMETHING FFS
And what are you Senators going to do about it, words are empty, action is needed NOW!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP DEFEND YOUR COUNTRY, not your party! And tell us what threats you've received that are keeping you from doing so!
Sen., could you do me a favor? Go over to your associates from Texas and scream this into their faces. They're not listening to me. thanks
omg! If only...
He really should
Senator, you have fallen into the trap. Russia spreads rumors and innuendos, Congress falls over itself, with gridlock the result.
Entire election stolen & a fraud. This better not end w/GOP being rewarded w/Pence. They knew & complicit @min. No precedence, is no excuse

But then again...we saw Jap planes coming on radar just like Dems saw that Russians hacked Podesta email & then didn't inform FBI...
Anyone who really knows anything about Pearl Harbor & the Jap planning that went into it knows this is asinine comparison....
@realDonaldTrump cardin u r political suicide bomber F**Kn DEMe lost fmr CIA director Brennan coordinated Russian scandal Clapper leaked it
With a lot of assistance from a group of Americans 
hell-bent on hijacking the country
Under democrat watch if it happened
Thank you for this thread Senator Cardin. Please ask your colleagues to take action, mindful of their oath to the Constitution
Yet @BarackObama Obama did nothing to prevent it when it was in his power.
Correct so do something about it,
Agreed, Senator. Now howzabout the House & Senate get their thumbs outta their ass & save what's left of America? F'n tweets won't DO IT!
Sad part is Russia is trying to break into our energy grid. I hope you guys can all agree to pass a bill that gets our grids into 21st cen.
So what are you going to do about it?
I know exactly what you mean , but I can't help saying this anyway: "There's nothing sophisticated in ány attack."
Agree. But when Electoral College requested a briefing from intelligence community in December, I saw no one in Congress speak up :(
tRump is a traitor and those who still support tRump are also traitors.
Far worse, actually.
I was thinking Hiroshima, but... close enough.
Meddle is an insult every time I hear it. Thank you. #finally
So what are you going to do about it? Actions speak louder than words!
Amen, Brother...
Time to lock him down and throw him out. I'm tired of writing senators and members of the house.
Why did you not act?  Either: 1). You were going to overlook if HRC won. 2) It's not as bad as you say. 3) You are incompetent 4) all 3.
And now it's revealed the President's son actively sought to work with Russians against the Dem candidate. What else did team Trump do?
Jealous
Impeach.....you must bring pressure on the house to impeach.
so, how about you and the other senators do something historical this week by getting Trump on his way out. TIA
Too Bad You're 1 of @TheDemocrats Because The @GOP Refuse To Hear You As Long As The Have Their Puppet To Sign Bills
The Russian actions and the trump team's collusion leading up to 11.8.2016 is nothing short of a #CyberCoup.
Only it's like the US asking Japan "How can we help do this together?"
Truth 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/07/09/donald-trump-jr-s-stunningly-incriminating-statement-to-the-new-york-times/?tid=pm_local_pop&utm_term=.46ad87ad591a … @SenatorCardin  @ChrisVanHollen tRumpJr admitted the Russians help Republicans steal the election.We need action now
Russia did more than meddle, they actively supported tRump with cyber crimes and on American turf, direct interference! #TheResistance
Spectacular statement Senator
Seriously? I’m sure all those who lost their lives at Pearl Harbor would beg to differ.
Yeah right  and your obstruction does not?  Dems are playing Pearl Harbor on Americans for the sake of party and ruining this country.
No one in @GOP willing to do a damned thing about it.
So what will you do about it. It's time for action
I stand and salute these words of truth so well spoken in this short thread.

#Trumpito and his criminal bairns shall be atoning to America.
And #DonaldJTrumpJr was there for it honey. 
But u knew it July of 2016 and said nothing or did nothing?
Thank you for saying it @SenatorCardin .
Deep down you don't even believe your tweets and your tweets expose your stupidity!
Say it Ben, tell them no legislation until this is all straightened out! Period!
And @realDonaldTrump waved the white flag of surrender, and enters a cybersecurity agreement to make us an occupied territory.  #SMH
And they are NOT our ally!!!!!! People please don't sit idly by and watch the dismantling of our great nation. Your freedom is at stake!!!
Let's stop trying to get Russia to admit to it and instead beef up our cyber security! So simple.
Of course Russia is going to meddle in our elections! As if the US doesn't try to influence elections around the world either?
So either fix the entire system, which is full of false attack adds and the targeting of certain voters, or stop complaining about Russia
...we are a democracy and a capitalist society which means that any person/country with any sort of stake in our election is going to meddle
What is the big deal about this?! Russia being involved in our election is no different from the plethora of big donors in our elections...
Keep talking like this & you'll get Trump for two terms!
Senator, are the Congressional Republicans cowards......or are they complicit?
Many MUST have been either bought off or blackmailed. They have ALLbeen silent! How does THAT happen? Also many Dems.
Thank you Senator Cardin for calling this what it is-a sneak attack-prelude to declaration of War.
Thank you! I've been opposed to referring to an act of war as "meddling" since the beginning.
And Russia had the help of Trump and his treasonous GOP co-conspirators.  But now exposed they double down and lie more.  No remorse.
Thank you, sir. The emperor does have no clothes.
Where is the proof. Someone show me some proof. Or shut up. Show the proof. After a year nothing. Hillary lost because of Hillary.
Next time when you are on TV with @ChrisCuomo  you might mention that it was an attack, He seems very skeptical.
I really wish people would stop using the word "meddled"....
Good grief. Stop the hyperbole. @ChrisVanHollen @RepRaskin @RichMadaleno @alfredcarr
How can you justify that statement with the death of so many at Pearl Harbor and not one death has occurred over the election?
Now you're seeing it! What GOP's can you get to turn?
Not to diminish your message but you might want to dial back your analogy considering both the Pearl Harbor attack and the US response.
And....Russia won
JMJ, sir! Get action going in Senate starting tomorrow a.m.!
Well Senator it's time to make the @GOP stand up if not go alone and be the hero. If I could, I would.
IOW act of war? Thankfully our Dear President and Putin were able to move beyond such issues of trifling impact at G20 #presidential
Why isn't dt being called out for being illegitimate? A foreign power installed him in office along with the gop. he is illegitimate say it
It's time for our elected officials to act...before it is too late. Remove Kushners security, hold Sessions accountable, impeach tRUmp 
Exactly psychological warfare through social media & now #trump wants 2 give thrm r personal info w his voting bs When will he b stopped SOS
Define it.
You are a joke... How did you get elected? #TiredOfFakeNews #TiredOfHate #TiredOfWW3Talk #MAGA #Repeal&Replace GET2WORK! #SCREAMING #ECONOMY
Soooo glad you are MY Senator, Senator!!  Thank you, for paying attention!!
Senator Cardin, we are waiting for that enemy who has invaded our nation w th help of our enemy russia. Th enemy n th WH must b removd fast.
yes and the cowardly democrats did nothing instead passed the buck to a real president voters will remember Dems at election
money from tax payers like it was his own that's called a dictator not a president
Oh dude... you are so screwed...
Stop spreading lies .. what are you hiding senator Cardin
Russians are attacking us at this moment! They haven't ceased. They have a plan and we are starting to see it unfold. It's complex!
That needs to be said over and over. It was not just a cyber attack--it was an attack on our sovereignty!
I wasn't aware that we lost several Naval vessels and over 2,000 personnel 2018 come soon enough for you buddy
What an asinine statement! Way to diminish the hundreds of American lives lost on that day. What a sick take from a sick man. Pathetic.
2/ Lives will be lost if this is not stopped. Our pursuit of life, liberty & justice will fail to exist.
And the United States sat idle.
Comparisons to Pearl Harbor or 911 aside, no disrespect to the many lives lost,  but OUR WH was hijacked & OUR democracy is threatened. 1/
And then this:
Pope Francis: The alliance between the US and Russia is dangerous http://hill.cm/AjI7ZSq  
Thank you, I hate when they use the term meddle.  It was a cyber attack on social media.
Normal Americans know our enemies would try to manipulate US into becoming traitors. Difference is that Jared & Jr. were willing to do it.
If Republicans thinks Russia ONLY interfered in Presidential Election,Need to remember @GOP Primaries & how Trump kept Winning & Winning!
Medicare for all now.
Don't just fucking tweet about it. Get your ass on the front and declare the election invalid. Dems are looked as the party of compliance
>>>> Bombshell! Trump Jr. Was Reportedly Promised Dirt on Hillary Clinton Before Russian Lawyer Meeting
You're dumbed down, mentally ill, and a traitor to this country.. assuming you are from this country and not a paid Russian sock puppet.
Amen
Please Senator Cardin  DO SOMETHING! Don't just give us lip service.  Actions are needed.
Well actions require a majority. Staying home or voting 3rd party caused this, so if you want him to act them help fix it by voting Dem!
Since post-WWI MT: Russia did not just meddle in our election - it engaged in a sophisticated attack equivalent to a political Pearl Harbor
But Senator, the Donald still denies it!
THIS WAS AN ILLEGITIMATE ELECTION!

@realDonaldTrump cheated!!

Hillary Clinton is the true 45th president of the United States
You're God damned right but the alt-right rather attack liberals and continue Putin's agenda. They're all traitors imo
Everyone knows that are true Americans those that ignore it are unAmerican.
Senator what will you do about it besides tweeting about it?
Senator, Trump was put in the presidency by Putin. It was payback for bad debts to Russian mafia. Don't miss the forest for the trees.

Oh heck, let's let them get away with it trump, Tillerson and GOP all day it's ok Comrade! It's time for the revolution before its to late.
This is about right.....
Then do something. The time for tweets is over. We need ACTION!
Can the media please stop calling this meddling? "Assault" or "Attack" are appropriate.
#25thAmendmentNow
Fuck that.  Impeach Now
Yeah what he said.
Yup. And it's ongoing with their attacks on infrastructure.
... and the so-called president, @realDonaldTrump, tweets about forming a Cyber Security Unit with the attacker. He's a #rogue employee!
Like inviting the fox to the hen house
