When did Obama violate the Emoluments Clause? @Freddy61581545 @SenatorCardin
As a constitutional law professor, I think Obama is better versed on the Constitution than you. @Freddy61581545 @SenatorCardin
So what hasn't he abided by? No Trumpster seems capable of explaining that. @Freddy61581545 @SenatorCardin
answer his question, how did Obama violate the clause?
@TinaMorphis apparently it is now. Welcome to the new Dark America
Senator, stop tweeting and kick his ass to the curb. This is ridiculous. Americans are scared. Stop talking. Action. Please
apparently...it is!
I can see no wrong that Trump has done.
when will Putin give the Don permission to release his tax returns?
So don't be hypocritical now and slam Trump for things he hasn't even done yet. The level of butthurt here is over 9000.
who's gonna stop him? He's gotten by with everything he does from day 1. I'm losing hope for our future.
and there is this.
Wow! So his tax attorney got an award from Russia? Well isn't that convenient? #TheCorruptionNeverEnds
Then get rid of #PEOTUS before he destroys our democracy!Jan 20 #Trump shld not be sworn in!He is a #TRAITOR @GetWisdomDude
His remarks at his press conference undermined freedom of the Press and he should be called on that
@AbrasiveDavid THEN STOP HIM before jan 20th
let me summarize: Lie. Lie. Lie. Grandstand. Point to empty folders on a table. Lawyer lies. DT belittles press & evades qs.
it nearly gave me a stroke. Don't do it. It was awful. Awful.
Not if no one calls him on it. Where's the Special Prosecutor to look into the allegations of treason/nepotism/fraud?
Only if he's forced to. I don't see anyone doing that. Lot's of talk; little action.
Sir, Donald Trump IS the constitution.
@seagal_lori 
and he's not doing us any favors.
cool; same rule to the congress then? THAT would be fun to watch. It'll look like cockroache's run when the light comes on.
Orange is Trump's color
Sir, that will only occur if you and ALL members of Congress hold him to account. Partisan politics will only embolden him.
Apparently they can do whatever they want they've already proven that it's no longer the White House  it is a safe house for criminals
As incontrovertible as THE SUN RISES IN THE EAST.
You overlook that when it comes to Obama: Iran Deal, Climate Change, many executive orders.
Impeachment needs to be pursued on Day 1. The president is not exempt from the requirements of the Constitution.
Why didn't that include Obama? You stinking hypocrite. You've lost my vote!
Like he would even have your vote to begin with, Trump egg.
Obama disregarded the Constitution and you know it, but people here just deflect. The point is you supported him doing it.
But is anyone left who's brave enough to enforce it who hasn't already been bought off? That bunch declared war on me. Grrrr.
Well apparently our PEOTUS thinks "it's not illegal if I have president in front of my name"
you know we're in deep doodoo when this actually has to be said....
@eyejosh Like Obama who has ignored the constitution several times.But You don't mention that do you.#hypocrisy
Only voluntary for the big O.
The problem is when you have an idiot who doesn't even know what is in the Constitution.  #TheResistance
and if he doesn't? Is there a plan that isn't up to his own party of enablers to execute?
Too bad Obama spit on the US Constitution in many ways
It appears to be voluntary for trump. Words/tweets won't stop him. No one will force it.
Where were u when Obama was using our tax $ to bus & fly Illegals into the US, entice them with food stamps?
and u in CONGRESS MUST make sure of it
Where were you 8 yrs ago when Holder & Obama were directing guns to be run to setup Americans to be killed 4 their agenda!?
@Imwithher39 

That's bullshit. No he doesn't. No one will impeach or hold him accountable.

Pay attention.
I sure hope that when he swears to support and defend it he will have read it.
Now you discover the Constitution? Where were you 8 years ago?
Do your job.  #ChecksAndBalances
But @realDonaldTrump fancies himself a ruler and not president.  YOU and YOUR party did this to America. Now we want 2 know how u'll fix it
well the @GOP has a solution for that - dismantle the Constitution. They'll do that right after they deny healthcare for 30M
and you haven't noticed he has already done things unconstitutional! Come on now Defend our country from this man !
Thank you! For god's sake he cannot write his own rules and have everyone just stand there and nod in shock. We must require.
As a layman, and seeing the state of our nation, I'm thinking the Constitution NEEDS amending...
I agree. We must protect ourselves from those that would do our country harm.  Defend constitution from all!
@DavidYankovich He isn't president YET so arrest him NOW!!!
@DavidYankovich Tell us how u will rein this in! Won't divest, colluded w Russia, loyalist unfit cabinet!Better do something!
The Case for Donald Trump’s Impeachability http://ln.is/nymag.com/daily/inte/XWigu … via @intelligencer
Then you/other Senators have some serious work to do. Or is your oath just political bullshit? This is for real; don't play.
So where have you been the last 8 yrs?
Then draw up impeachment papers.  We the people will expect this.
@Ldonahuehjelle True as long as it is upheld not changed silenced or eliminated !!!
You are absolutely correct. Question is what you plan to do to make sure he's held accountable.
are kidding me you just let McConnell deny Obama legitimate Supreme Court nomination. Constitution is optional fr Republicans
if you're gonna just TWEET about it,  and not DO anything otherwise, then I guess that's how our country works now? #IMPEACH!
so what will you do when he violates? What specific action?
What are you going to do to stop him and what support do you need?
Since when did Obama follow the constitution?
Did anyone tell obama this the past 8 years? I'm sure hosue & senate have to abide by it as well.
But if anyone can legitimately claim ignorance of the law with regard to the Constitution it is @realDonaldTrump.
Thank you, Senator.
@GucciShade I heard only fake news reporters care if he abides by the constitution. #deplorablethink
will you stand up for the people b4 the 20th?
Is *anyone* looking at getting an injunction for the inauguration until this can be sorted out?#InaugurationInjunction
.@SenatorCardin Your words are hollow. We're ALL out here screaming that! We need senators who will DO something. ACTION is your only option
Hey, does that include using FALSE FLAGS to invade nation states!

cc @realDonaldTrump
then do something!!!!
Do SOMETHING about it!
What are you doing about it? We need our senators to take a stand!
Please tell me you are working on drawing up grounds of impeachment.
I agree 100%. Thank you Sen. Cardin! I'm a constituent of yours,  glad you are standing up for what's right!
he is not above the law
Impeach means nothing, still in office. LOCK HIM UP FOR TREASON. Appalled at connects to Russia, even GD law firm. Mocks us.
He must? Nah, nobody will do anything about it. He does what he wants and you guys cower in the corner.
I really don't want him to fix this before the 20th because we will have nothing. I am rooting for this long rope!!
If your statement is meaningful, start proceedings to impeach him. His intent was manifested today. He won, laws irrelelevant
@ColleenHolt20 So make him do it!! You're all too polite & easily manipulated. You will lose constituents quickly.
America has been so easily and obviously conned.  #notmypresident
Easy to say Senator.  DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. Otherwise its just flap.
Trump must NOT BE PRESIDENT! #BenedictDonald
he needs to be impeached. We are looking to our reps to do the right thing. Please. This has gone too far.
how do we the citizens push this inevitable violation of the Constitution as the top item for lawmakers
Call and write your reps and the Speaker, Leaders (Majority, Minority & Whips)
do they care if I'm not a constituent
Great job questioning REXXON!
That's what I have been saying. Good for you.
#biggerthanwatergate
Yes he must and it will be #Congress' responsibility to do something once the #gangster is sworn in. #RESISTANCE
So did Obama abide by the constitution?  It's an interesting proclamation you make.  I see absolute irony in your tweet.
You're implying and thus making the claim that he violated it. So show us where he did, or are you misinformed?
First of all you have to live in a reality based existence.  I can see that you don't.  That's fine.
Unoriginal and delusional, just like your boy Trump. You are a great example of why the Greeks hated Democracy.
Going forward the rule of law is the law of the land.  The constitution is the guiding light.  Everyone is..
sick and tired of the name calling.  If you din't get that memo, then carry on.
WE GET IT! DEM'S ARE FUCKED AND THE ONLY THING U GUYS HAVE ARE "BREAKING BALLS"!

GET ANOTHER JOB!
Rex worked/ran Exxon for 40 yrs, and now he may be making decisions for the US that can effect Exxon's value, how can he
OBAMA NEVER SAID IT!  I LISTENED TO THAT JAN. SPEECH AND NOTHING IN IT!  TALKED IN SNAKE OIL WORDS! SHARP!
BUT NOT THAT SHARP
let's see, did Hillary follow the constitution?
@OversightDems Really.Why didn't Yu tell Obama that.
@fawfulfan Someone should tell him.
There was an opportunity to challenge the electoral vote but you passed...
why didn't any Senator challenge EC vote?
"picking their battles" If formally challenged, need majority to reject votes. Republicans wud not
right, but at least the objection would be in the rrecord
I totally agree. I was upset as well.
Let's face it.  The senate is an old white boys club.  Only outrageous circumstances matter...
based on what we've seen and heard his week I'm not sure even outrageous circumstances matter
By outrageous I mean lascivious...
Now is the time to grow balls and talk about #GoldenShowers. No one wants passive Ben. Develop fangs and attack the #GOPee
practice what you preach. Liberals biggest offenders of violating the U.S. Constitution
It appears you are wrong on this one. T***p uses the constitution for toilet paper.
stop him. we are counting on it.
Sir if he was Presidential/not a Dictator wannabe it would matter At this point he wants to rule like Putin #TheResistance
@marcylauren
Hear, hear!
@SenJohnMcCain And NOT commit Treason w/ Russia. https://ig.ft.com/sites/trumps-russian-connections/ …
Like The Obammist did
