Pregnancy prevention IS health care.
I have one kidney. My Dr says pregnancy could damage it. But thank God now that you've shared YOUR expert opinion we know better.
Great. Don't get pregnant then. It costs zero dollars to not get pregnant.
It's easy for men to say don't get pregnant when they will never be able to themselves.
Oh really?
Is it very hard not to get pregnant? Tell me the struggle you need to go through to NOT get pregnant. Enlighten me.
Didn't say it was hard - just said that it's easy for men to say don't get pregnant because they won't ever get pregnant themselves lol
Pls stop using this argument. BC is healthcare. We don’t have to justify it any further than that.
No it is not. It is a luxury product.
Have as much sex as you want, but others don't have to pay for your sex life.
In fact, 58% of women us birth control, in part, for something other than pregnancy prevention https://www.guttmacher.org/news-release/2011/many-american-women-use-birth-control-pills-noncontraceptive-reasons … #handsoffmyBC
Also, some women die of blood clots from taking birth control..and some come close to dying..just an FYI

Well, then dont take it and dont worry about other women taking it for THEIR health. Mind your own business.
...yes but if it were just for pregnancy prevention it would still be health care. A small human growing in my uterus is a health issue
It is your choice. Not getting pregnant costs zero dollars.
BC is taken for so many different medical reasons it needs to be covered 100% and 100% of the time!!!
I don't care WHAT it is prescribed for. It is not employer's call. We need universal care independent of employers. Not their business.
So is good nutrition. But an employer shouldn't have to pay for your lunch or dinner.
Aaaand, it's COVERED for medical conditions.
It's pathetic and demands more and more women form businesses than ever before: surest path BC gets covered.

This is DUMB. Why should I have to pay for cysts? I don't even HAVE ovaries.
BTW, this is also an issue that affected me. I have a history of PCOS + endometriosis. Over 35 years was Rx'd most, covg never denied.
So what if it's for pregnancy prevention? Why be defensive?
Because law makers see that as a reason to allow religious institutions not cover it. So we need to point out its other benefits.
And if it's only provided when needed for medical reasons?
Periods are monthly so you can't just take the pill once and then the issue's resolved.
Law makers are focusing on one facet of what BC is used for. So folks suggesting condoms are missing the other ailments BC treats.
Read this thread.
I know sooo many Repub women who use birth control that this is almost funny. I sincerely hope they are affected by this. They voted for it
These bimbos will never learn unless bad govt laws start to affect them. I say let it. The Repub women deserve it.
Which is why the "religious freedom" angle is horseshit.
Religious freedom to control other people's lives...
Unless it's a gay wedding cake.
I was on it for medical problems.  When I stopped I got refills just in case.  I have 5 months of bc pills...
if anyone knows a place I could donate them please pass it on.
Contact you health provider.
I was put on it at 16 for ovarian cyst as well as endometriosis. I was on it for years.
Me too, at age 20. Too young to only have 1 ovary not producing enough estrogen. W/out BC, we would've been in a world of hurt, healthwise.
BC helped with my painful periods.  I've been off for awhile and was considering going back on.
And lest anyone forget there are medical conditions that can make a pregnancy life threatening for the woman
Just making abortion a method of birth control.
Ppl have issues with women using bc for other reasons, but don’t mind using Viagra for other reasons than heart problems #doublestandard
And more to the point, it’s NO ONE’S place to dictate what medical care a woman gets.
Yep. And sledgehammer are for cracking  nuts.
The fact that people can’t grasp basic female physiology STILL boggles the mind.
Same is the case with medication for ED it's used for hypertension.   But men would never ban medication to treat ED
It is not odd that the person calling women nasty also treats them like shit.

He is garbage and the people who support him are garbage.
The best way for a woman  to control  birth.  Fuck when you want to have a baby.
some girls even need it to regulate their periods bc every girl's period is an annoying lil bitch that never arrives to the party on time 
Yep, I have endometriosis and since there is no cure, we can only treat it. Birth control is that treatment.
Yes and it actually shouldn't matter. But since apparently that aspect needs to be spelled out to some people then yes.
I was prescribed birth control twice by doctors for reasons other than pregnancy prevention.
I'm thinking a medical benefits package that includes BC will become a huge job draw. (Wonder if the Trump org includes it.)
As birth control it's legitimate health care. Ancillary use is great for court pleas, but that's about it.

The fact that we live in a world where this needs to be explained and justified - and is already paid for - is insane.
When prescribed for cysts and other medical problems doesn't BC still prevent pregnancy?
Truth!
@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump Because of you putting a particular religion over the people, you could be killing people.Does that bother you
They don't really give a damn!
And if it was, it is still horrible to deny it to women as a part of healthcare
...And also it should be no one's god damn business why a woman's using birth control in the first place! #HandsOffMyBody
Always amazed when ppl deny access to contraception they never offer funds for resulting babies
What other things?
@thecuzned True, but women also have the right to use birth control solely to prevent pregnancy and we don't need to make excuses
@gmcustodio Irrelevant only because it's a private matter between a female & her physician and needn't be justified to fascists.
I just wish that someone or some thing had prevented the blob's mum from giving birth to the blob.
@MalcolmNance
For excessive bleeding that causes women to need transfusions. Birth control saved my life.
SOME YOUNG GIRLS NEVER STOP BLEEDING w/o the pill. But THEY decide! 
I wish their dicks would rot and fall off, tbh. Would serve em right!
This is an easily solved problem: they take away birth control, you take away sex. Let’s see who lasts longer...
What's wrong with pregnancy prevention?
Chemo is necessary for millions of people to LIVE.  Chemo isn't mandated to be free.  If it's not - neither should BC.
This is all levels of f'd up. So... get from primary care now? Hence reason #PlannedParenthood can never be defunded. #sick
@jonfavs maybe we should just call it something else-something men would like...libido boost? Bitchiness reduction?
Lol, no appeal to their sense of control: PMS regulation
Yes, yes it is!
They. Don't. Give. A. Fuck. About. Women.  And how many women continue to vote for them? #REVOLUTION
AND, birth control IS healthcare.
Unlike Viagra, which has a single purpose and is covered.
You know what's not healthcare, viagra.
So much disaster, so much hypocrisy, so much cruelty
It's astounding.
I take it for anemia. It’s ridiculous not to cover it.
Or consider it abortion prevention. Shouldn’t that make conservatives happy?
I'm so sick of the church and patriarchy controlling our bodies!!
Now, according to the GOP, only erectile dysfunction aids seem to count as a medical necessity . . . 

How Freudian 
Thank u 4 saying that... I took it 4 yrs because my cycles were so painful I couldn’t get out of bed w/o it...don’t put women in a box pls!
And endometriosis
Absolutely. Thank you so much. But if it has the Obama name attached to it - DT the racist will try everything & anything to get rid of it.
Hello? i know, right!
Not anymore. Trump has decided it is not. So it is not. That is how it works now.
THANK YOU for explaining that. It’s amazing how many people don’t know that.
Why should your boss care if you are healthy and are avoiding Cancerous cysts. As long as you make it to work on time. (Sarcastic)
I find it somewhat of a nonsequiter (sp?) for the "get the government out of my business" anti-regulation GOP to involve themselves in this.
So I just love how some old men are deciding my body issues for me just cause they think it's only about preventing pregnancy.
So a coverage mandate that only applies to the Pill and not abortion would be cool then? Because this is all about the cost of the Pill?
YES! Hormone issues too.
Reminder: this is a personal decision.  Government needs to stay out of my vagina
Exactly! My GF takes it to help ease the pain of her endometriosis
endometriosis... etc... etc... 
Prevents abortions too.
Bottom line - it shouldn't matter WHY.
But the ignorant Trump administration do not know that.
Good point. Unfortunately that’s probably another strike against it for GOPers, who seem to hate the idea of people receiving health care.
add Migraines to the list - as I know from personal experience.
Besides getting a boner, what medical benefits come from Viagra? #askingforafriend
And to reduce pain for women who have brutal periods.
Along with the possibility of giving the user cancer...it truly is a wonder drug
that is how dumb the gop is!
yes it is, my wife  (24 years now) used to have serious periods, BC toned them down big time, it was about her, not sex or anything else.
You Are Not The Smartest Kid On The Block are you?
You can remove cysts with guns dummy
100% why I even started! Hugging the toilet for 3 days straight every month should not be a common occurrence!
Now Laura there you go with your facts again ! As if the republicans care
It saves my life everyday and it has nothing to do with sex.
Republicans don't really want women to vote...you think they give a damn about your health?
We shouldn't have to justify control over our reproduction/bodily autonomy by using this medical argument. Men don't have to.
Doesn't matter what medical conditions you use it for, a bunch of old men should not be in position to take it away.
And even if it is for pregnancy prevention, that's our business and our right to decide.
Reminder: 53% of White women voted for dotard. #AllFactsMatter
The fact that it somehow needs to be justified like this to 'appeal to a wider audience' is kinda sad...
People who believe it shouldn’t be covered may need a crayon diagram of what an ovary is. I will happily provide the kid scissors and glue.

I knew a 14 yr old girl prescribed birth control for terrible period cramps. It's healthcare. #UterusRights
All fair points, but it’s also okay to have consensual sex with whomever you want and not have to have a baby!
I truly believe Republicans do not care. Control women is their agenda.
Also provides the only chemo management option against ovarian cancer in women with genetic mutation for ovarian cancer.
Thats what happens when you have only old white men hiding behind the bible making women's health decisions
i have multiple chronic illnesses with genetic ties. pregnancy would be excruciating & kids from my body would probs have same illnesses.
Birth control also is linked to many other cancers and causes obesity in women.
Pregnancy prevention is also healthcare.
They don't care. But they are able to get Viagra  and I know "Viagra isn't just for erections either". Sad.
Unfortunately some people see that fact as urban legend
This is very True but many idiots in Congress & the Republican Party fail to understand this!
I’m for it!!! Help me GOTV! Let’s get it done!!!
So very true. But it is also to prevent pregnancy, which I think is a strong enough argument.
GOP men should have ovaries implanted....US would have birth control at their first menstruations..
...MEDS...
For those who find truth to be inconvenient, the fact you raise will be ignored. Willing to bet Medical exceptions wouldn't be considered.
Exactly. I have a friend where she produces more testosterone than estrogen despite being physically female. Its the only thing that helps
Women’s Birth control should never more be put into the hands of men. End of story.
My 15 year old daughter is on the pill to help regulate her cycle. She is a dancer and needs to have a manageable period!!
I’m 54 and take it for the same reason. I could leave my house sometimes it was so bad.
Couldn’t
@jonfavs Even if birth control was only for pregnancy prevention, it is still healthcare.
Endometriosis here
Yup. In fact I was only ever on it for other reasons. Lots of women like me. I never used it as only BC (and was on it years before sex)
FAKE NEWS
But mostly to vaccinate for unwanted little dream crushers
@POTUS You should be held accountable for any women's death because of your insanity. Only an evil heartless person would do this #RESIGN
 raises hand.
Why should people have children they're not ready for? 
What makes is it the government's business when people choose to  have children?
Safe effective healthcare!
The facts are true, but I don’t like the argument as it’s tacitly conceding the idea that birth control itself isn’t a health issue. 1/2
How is being able to choose when one can and cannot have a life altering health issue not a medical issue.
And available very inexpensively wherher gov pays for it or not.
We are old white men and know what is better for everyone so shut up and obey
Doesn't need to have any other application to be needed! But at least all these unwanted babies can get a gun when they're old enough hey
That is fucked up, isn't it
If only someone could just figure out how to perform a safe abortion using a gun. Republican heads would explode.
I've been on birth control for my ovarian cysts since I was 14. It was prescribed by my endocrinologist. For me it's essential health care that I've needed for almost 10 years
Same.
Ovarian cysts are known for their risky behavior.
And BC IS healthcare!
@LOLGOP Birth control pills...the ones where you only get your period every three months...help with endometriosis.
Truth bomb. Even insurance that doesn't cover birth control will cover it when medically necessary
I had to take birth control pills to help regulate my painful cycles when was like 13....not to prevent pregnancies.
Cheeto McTwitterFingers and committee need to get to work on the real issues and stop messing with women’s access to birth control.
I might not have said that right; however, I think it’s a bunch of CRAP What Cheeto McTwitterFingers administration is doing. EPIC FAIL!
I'm literally gay and on bc
menopausal symptoms, acne
Don't lie. We know it's just for whores who want to sleep around and/or cheat on their husbands. (sarcasm)
Back when I used birth control, I always found it confusing that insurance company would rather pay the $ 4 baby rather than for prevention
Also: Pregnancy prevention *is* health care.
Indeed. Like abating awful uncontrollable bleeding premenopause
Also cancer inhibitors!!
It's economic. Way too go for voting to push back women's health/rights into the dark ages again. Pat yourself on the back.
Voter Suppression! race     Women rights.. go to work, employer offers ins. Go to dr,They give prescriptions,you go fill on your own dime!
Your vote is undoing so much work put in to progress rights. Congrats! What you wanted - suppression!
Capitalism!
Capitalism has nothing to do with this. Don't be thick!
It has everything! No gov control!!
Explain how capitalism factors in birth control?
GOP is dumb as fuck
No abortion, no birth control, but erectile dysfunction pills for mid aged, big chest, limp dick males that can't stay hard more than 3 mins
Reminder: If it works for you, it's fine to use birth control pills for birth control.
not and the social case to cover. Extremely difficult topic.
And bc women have free sexual agency and like to fuck too and don’t want unplanned pregnancy. Let’s not skirt that please.
You have a problem with that?
Uh no. That’s my point.
Hope so....
Does that mean I have still pay for it ?
Exactly! Been off & on BC 4yrs so I don't go into extreme premature menopause. I am only 29...my body isn't ready for menopause yet.
@MarkRuffalo Vagina rights are women's rights, women's rights are human rights. Healthcare must cover all! #resist
Don’t waffle. There’s no goddamned reason to apologize about birth control. BIRTH CONTROL IS IMPORTANT HEALTHCARE.
Just happens to be #female healthcare - enough for @GOP to consider it useless or even dangerous. #resist
Lorrie probably warxges FOX FAKE NEWS RATED as a TALK SHOW thinking it is REAL news, I would bet? They are sued often as @seanhannity lies
True. I bet Viagra doesn't have a medical problem that it is required for.
True. Though there’s also nothing wrong using it so you don’t get pregnant after some good sex. We shouldn’t have to give a “good” reason.
It comes down to, it’s a medical decision by a doctor and his patient. HIPPA laws. Privacy. Nobody’s else’s business
get Doctor to explain this using a colouring book obviously  too complex for u 2 understand @LEBassett @southjerseymel
Is viagra paid by insurance? Just asking...
My daughter has been using Depo for years and it has truly enhanced her quality of life. Positive side effects include: no unplanned preg.
...time to march.
Also Birth Control prevents ABORTIONS! 
So called pro-lifers need to be reminded that this move will absolutely cause MORE abortions.
But I'd support it even if it was.
Also,these ppl taking it away R also Pro-Life.Seems 2 me that BC w/ also help prevent more abortions.Which is more important?Oh right $$ is.
It's a prescription. Just like any other prescription. Stop trying to make excuses. We shouldn't have to make excuses.
Abortion is wrong.
As I said we should call it period control
And is prevents millions of jerks from becoming fathers.
We need to stop calling it birth control and call it hormone therapy.
And even if it wasn't! Pregnancy prevention means: fewer abortions, unplanned babies & teen pregnancies. Birth control is NECESSARY! #wtf
Absolutely! I’ve been on them for cysts for decades! The women at the companies that don’t cover bc should make a stand against employers
Literally could not work without them. They are the reason why i am able to keep a full time job
Yeah, but what if we just want to have sex without worrying about pregnancy?  That's a right too.
Also, if they don't want abortions, to cover maternity care, to provide childcare, to support welfare- doesn't #BirthControl make sense?
Haters tend to forget this use for birth control, but it's OK to have insurance pay for Viiagra!
In those cases, they can still get it, no?
Acne also
I would even argue that pregnancy prevention is healthcare. Disgusted that women now required to justify birth control for any reason!
Yes something that I had to take because of them. Men like Trump make me sick.
My grand daughter is 14 & has hemophilia so she takes them!
Even if it was just for pregnancy prevention...  It should be covered!
Pregnancy prevention is also health care!
And Viagra is only prescribed to improve sexual function and can be harmful to health. WTF
@realDonaldTrump He doesn't know and would not care if he did. This is pandering to the conservative religious right.
You really think Trump cares?
We're officially going back 50 years.
I said the same thing to someone and he replied it would still be covered for medical conditions. I’m doubtful. Anyone have research?
Reminder:  the party full o' scum bags that are doing this does not give a damn. #VeteransResist
So pay for it. I pay for my meds. Grow up
Yep. Have PCOS and hormonal BC was the only thing that could get the debilitating pain / bleeding under control (I tried many alternatives).
My doctors were recommending total hysterectomy and oophorectomy to treat it, until I discovered that NuvaRing actually worked.
Maybe Big Pharma can rename the pills. CystNoMore. Or AcneGone. Or ByeByePMS.
Exactly. My sister was prescribed it by her doctor because she had ovarian cysts that ruptured.
