Of course not, reality is what they say it is today, the past is all an illusion.
Damn he has not aged well
Have you noticed, everyone in trump administration has a video showing them preaching against what they're for now?
The bombastic putrescent hypocritical turtle at his finest!
Keep fighting! Be proud to be the party that wants healthcare for all! Be proud to be the party who wants clean air & water! Stand up!
Says the slug says out both sides of mouth. I just hope when he leaves DC , he cleans up all that slug mess he is leaving all over senate
True now as then, maybe now more than ever. #SaveACA #NoBCRA
IF Obama cared about American Health... Why did he put Monsanto in the FDA? Why is there Glyphosate in our food?
Obama may not have done enough, blocked often by GOP. But he neither did he #TrumpRussiaCollusion & free for all #EPA #FDA #USDA #devos #FBR
McConnell and his cronies are blatantly working for the Rich ! Sad two faced Terrorists!
Stop trying to shame the shameless; start trying to scour them from the face of the earth. We are at war with evil. Fight accordingly.
Please RT while these jokers are writing our health care law over lunch to vote on this afternoon.
Stand up against your peers who don't believe women senitors have Opinions of value
Why you gotta bring up old shit??
No because @SenateMajLdr has become just another Trump sycophant
@SenateMajLdr Today is throw back thursday-do you rememeber this? What changed? Youre in power now-power corrupts.
Don't understand why McConnell is in a rush for a bill that is bad? What does he get out of it? Oh please don't re-elect  him again
He needs to stroke himself he's a southern man

Heller was a no until billionaire casino magnate Steve Wynn threatened him almost daily. What a sad, perfect example of money in politics.
@SenDeanHeller is it true Steve Wynn blackmailed you to vote for Trumpcare? What's more important mportant, people's lives or reelection?
I said it before.. Dictionary needs to be updated with a synonym for conservative....hypocrite.
Mitch McConnell has the integrity of a snake oil salesman.
@GOP I'd say that's hypocritical? Wouldn't u? Practice what u preach!
Hypocrisy is sucking the life out our country
You libs make me sick.Shoe is on the other foot. maybe you will find out what's in it after we pass it#RepealAndReplace
They are out to make themselves wealthier, that's the bottom line.
Nope, not the same for those repugnance of traitors. They want MORE money, what else?
Oh wow a two-faced politician I am so shocked... These people don't care about us and they never will
I think it was keep your doctor, keep your plan wasn't it? Ha! All lies!
@SenateMajLdr is a lying #hypocrite, he'll take checks from big donors while people in his state of #Kentucky will die without healthcare.
It is grounds for Wrongful Death suits throughout the whole Country .From sea to shining sea. ;)
No, as in, the truth is relative...or some messed up idea like that, kinda like lying for good reason....well, that's the R's for you
He is the biggest hypocrite. Ever!
Evangelicals can't follow inconsistencies.
Oh, there you go again, expecting someone in the GOP to remember their positions & not be a complete hypocrite.  

How cute, quaint really.
He's in a BIGLY RUSH to kill ppl!
Of course not! Turtle man speaks out of both sides of his mouth.
No it's not true today. Save us from the horrible bill dems rushed to pass and lied to the American people through out the entire process
In 2009, McConnell *literally* said this: “We shouldn’t rush again on something as important & costly as health care.” Is it not true today?
Mc Connell don't care , he has health care and the best I imagine .
Without exception, the most despicable individual perhaps in history. Zero concern for country. 100% concern for Party. Madison warned us!
Senate history
However Democrats rushed Republicans back then!  To me,  Republicans r going too slow!
I wonder how many people harbor a death wish for this man?
Has HE been checked for a brain tumor??.
They had several years to draft a bill. Bipartisanship. Just a framework to  have ready. Senate is no BSA.
Evidently the REPUGNANT REPUBLICANS DON'T FOLLOW THEIR OWN ADVICE!!!!
Because he's a hypocrite
This is only concerned w putting $ in his own pocket no concern at for the "people" a crook if there was one; ACA works
Need you be reminded that @SenateMajLdr is a Republican, and therefore a flaming hypocrite?
Not sure it's a rush since @GOP taking more time 2 debate & argue about it than when Obamacare was passed in the dead of nite
Hippocracy at it's best.
Not to the hypocritical GOP of obstruction. They don't know (or care) about Health Care only tax cuts for the wealthiest. #GOPdeathspiral
The Mueller is coming! One if by hacking, two if by peepee tape! The Mueller is coming! Mitch gotta hurry up, keep lobbyists happy!
Turtle lost its brain
President Obama's election fugged them up.
@SenateMajLdr
You are such a Hippocrate
He and his cronies are all a bunch of hypocrites
No because Obama did the healthcare.  They will stop at noting to change it even hurting the American people
#aca
Why for the love of all that is good and holy do the people keep voting for this jerk?
#VoteMcConnellOut
Not if it means getting his way. You wouldn't expect someone who looks so old to act so childishly.
I think you all need to take a timeout and think of the people that you represent Kentucky alone 1/2 the people are on Medicaid and Medicare
The GOP don't rush now don't rush that was what you said in 2009 and 10 that you can't get there fast enough NOW You are TwoFaced Liars
You're right the GOP was just so ready to get their insurance buddy some extra money even though they have all the money in the world
But you did it anyway! So enjoy your spoonful of crow Dems.
McConnell does not care about American workers.  Republicans do not care.  Their policies are against American workers.  Shame on them..
Dem's I m starting 2 doubt your ability 2 stop the republican nightmare that cripples and harms r country
Practice what you preach, Republicans. 
#PresidentPutinDonaldTrump
7 years later? R u kidding me?@HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Sit down and get it together or everybody's leaving Washington.
@SenJohnMcCain is this what you meant today by need for both parties working together? Wow 2009!         #PresidentPutinDonaldTrump
By rush he means over one year of debate and open discussion. What an American patriot!
Save that clip
@JerryMoran don't Kansans deserve the right to know what's being voted on? #slowdown #havehearings #healthcare
@realDonaldTrump here is your MajLeader talking in 2009 about NOZt reusing health care - so why no hearings or debate in 2017???
Today isn't rushing it's repealing. Of course you would want them to stop, it would make them liars and possibly lose in 2018. #ObamaCare
When will Dems ever learn?

Showing what they said before doesn't matter.
Repubs+average/poor Repubs just DON'T CARE.

More voting turnout!
To l0all Republicans I'm come to live at your house free room free board Healthcare everything so have me a place when get there thank you
He looked slightly less turtlish back then.
He's a living, walking lie.
And Nancy *literally* said this "u got to pass it to find out what's in it" @seanhannity
As long as we're digging up old quotes...
Not rushing. Just voted to discuss it and not 1 Dem voted to discuss new bill proposals. Shameful
McConnell is a shining star in the party of liars, hypocrites and frauds.  Truly an enemy of the American people.
Mcconnell is an ass kisser hes old and he needs that pension he will be the next satan trump will throw under the bus with session
Is that the same time you said I could keep my doctor, and it was not a tax?
Give me a break! You rushed thru Obamacare and didn't care about input from anyone! Hypocrite!
Republicans rushing to pass a healthcare law that will murder thousands of Americans for Trump.
He's afraid to be tRump's twitter target...much more important than my family (and SO many others) losing their healthcare. SHAMEFUL
These folks are embarrassing to say the least... #NoShame
He is not concerned with what Americans think
He doesn't care about the people, he cares about alcohol, secret bank accounts, and living the easy life.
Lol, silly #Democrats dont you understand that they are all hypocrites. They are all on the opposite side they were on in '09-'10
Trump &McConnell care must fail millions will be without health care if this passes
Vote NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Blunt Honesty: You're ALL politicians. If you say the sky is blue today, you'll say it's green tomorrow. BOTH SIDES. THAT'S THE PROBLEM.


Democrats PLEASE STOP THE POLITE BANTER IN TRYING TO SHOW THEM THE ERRORS OF THEIR WAYS. DO SOMETHING TO AGGRESSIVELY PROTECT US
@SenDeanHeller we have our eyes on you. 2018 is coming fast. Democrats in other states will help get you out of office. We're all in.
Well, you have had since then to DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. Just sayin;...
(1/2)Perhaps Trump is doing some good after all by single-handedly destroying GOP.
(2/2)Maybe,after Trump is done decimating what's left of GOP they will clean house and get rid of all the perverts starting with Mc Connel
Obama said exactly the same thing on his campaign trail only to PUSH ACA thru without even reading it. Stop with your hypocritical crap
dear democrats: they don't fucking care and it's your fault that we're stuck in this position todah
stop pretending this is some one off thing, you let them get to this point and now the country suffers
Sure, yeah, blame Dems for the nuts y'all elect in the name of the GOP. That's totally rational.
And what does the LORD require of you But to do justice, to love kindness, And to walk humbly with your God? Micah 6:8
@SenateMajLdr unless it is a draconian bill you and your colleagues sneaked behavior no closed doors to create. Get off your high horse!
McConnell The Biggest Obstructionist. A Health Plan No One Has Seen? Would You Buy A Car Or House You Never Saw? This is A Sham 1st Degree
talk about Hypocritical.  remember when your party said you have to pass the bill to see whats in it?  thats rushing
RUSH???  they have been doing this for 7 years.
McConnell is a fricking hypocrite!! He needs to be out of congress!'
Republican proving they are the enemies of America!
No more then what u did. Rushed it thruogh so fast u said u had to pass it to read what's in it.
Why the surprise? He's a man utterly lacking morals or honor.
I concur
Just do a full & Complete REPEAL!! Get the damn gov out of our insur.
Thank you for fighting a greedy "healthcare" bill that has nothing to do with health. Today I feel a little powerless....
Something must have sucked this old boys heart out.
Lying. An effortless trait of Cabal Trump and Mitchie The Kid!
Senator, Trump worked on brainwashing the GOP first then moved onto citizens. We need a global Intervention to remove these trigger plants
McConnell is really a freak show along with his wife!
No it's not to @SenMajLdr because this is about  a "promise" & "win" not about what's best for the American people.
The turtle will secretly compose and rush any vote he can. Why did anyone vote for him?
#MakeTurtlePay
So @SenateMajLdr  Why was it "so important" in 2009 that you said it shouldn't be rushed but in 2017 you do want to rush it?!  EXPLAIN!
@SenateMajLdr Objectively speaking he is not a good man. History will only remember the tucked chin and massive greed.
He doesn't care. Must stick it to the Black President.
Like you rushed the Obamacare Scam through. A Scam you forced on the American people. Unreal !
@SenMajLdr this is the definition of a hypocrite.
Chuck I'm sorry but we don't want obummer care and that was 2009 lmao glad I voted republican first time!!! Screw you cry baby dems
I think @SenateMajLdr McConnell is going for the title "king of hypocrisy" ...
maybe Mitch wasn't on Medicare then
@SenSasse, @DebFischerNE, @SenDeanHeller, @lisamurkowski, @SenCapito, @senrobportman, @JerryMoran, @SenatorLee_cmc: Will you be responsible?
But you went ahead and pushed that tax down our throats anyway.  Not sure what your point is here.  Probably hypocrisy...
He's not aged well.
7yrs they've been harping. That's long enough.
This is called "talking out of both sides of your mouth."
Hurry up and kill a bunch of your own people so you can have Hitler status right away.
Such a hypocrite. Really can't stand him.
GOP wants the tax cuts for wealthy at the expense of the lives of everyone beneath them
You want to be friends and colleagues with murderers? Shame!
#VoteNo #TrumpDontCare #Agism
Wouldn't it be cool if McCain votes no?
Yet, @SenSchumer again called McConnell his friend. You people are afraid to call the GOP what they are: enemies of the American people.
That's Senate speak. That's how they refer to each other.
Hypocrites.
That was back when there was a black, honorable president. Now the rules have changed.
Only when it fits into his agenda. McConnell is the epitome of a hypocrite. #VoteNo
@HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Y'all dem's Jacked-Up HC so bad F'ing with Insurance by Regulations. Now Something Huge must be Done.
@SenMajLdr Yet another flip-flop? @SenateGOP The blood of all US citizens is on your collective hands.
The hypocrisy of politicians, *ALL* politicians! Why r they in charge? They divide us purposefully. We the people r not all that different.
what hypocrites politicians are....all of them not worth a barrel of monkeys...sigh
8 years is not a rush, okay?
Your next Mitch! Your hated by most Americans! You'll answer to US CITIZENS AND TO GOD! Your power hungry and full of lies and deceit!
get it through your heads they don't care!
No they have to repeal Obamacare right or wrong.  There is no reason for this
McConnell says whatever he thinks will benefit him in the moment. He has no hard rules for policy
None for self respect either apparently!
No, b/c they know their puppet is devolving. They know they are going to have to kick Trump to curb & want this passed before they do.
You forget a minor fact. Then it said minority leader on TV when he was speaking. Now it says majority leader.
Hypocrisy runs through the veins of Republicans. #ACA
Not the first time McConnel has talked out of both ends of his shell.His is the most blatant hypocrisy of the GOP.
Obama said and did the same thing with ACA. Hypocrites all u Dems.
They shoul all be wearing these...
McConnell cares about nothing but McConnell.  I loathe him.
Fixed it don't end it
Mitch "do as I say, not as I do" McConnell.  #hypocriticalTurtle
They are all a bunch of hypocrites and liars, big pharma at work
He has no morals. We are repealing and replacing the GOP.
Hypocrisy is synonymous w McConnell. #VoteNo
The GOP has some serious short-term memory issues. 
#healthcarebill #mitchmcconell
No.
In 2009, McConnell *literally* said this: “We shouldn’t rush again on something as important & costly as health care.” Is it not true today?
This speech didn't age well, w s neither did he. #ZeroInAHalfShell
Two-faced Mitch.
