Dems not smart enough to protect babies in the womb..What can you credibly ssy about Republicans ?? NOTHING,YA HEAR ME
I aborted MY fetus.  I acted responsibly.  It gave us both a life.
U destroyed innocent. In the real world dr loses his license&income.U helped someone lose a good name.
I feel so sorry for you.  You look so weak.
Thank you! 
thank you
Thank you. Get 5 others!!
You're voting no because you covet power and appearance. You and @ChrisVanHollen don't represent me or the majority of Maryland on this.
Thank you.
Good man, Cardin!
Thank you!
Thank you Sir
I'm tweeting this everywhere until I get an answer. Why did republicans block Garland and lie to the voters about their reasons?
come on Ben, you are smarter than that. - Chevy Chase
Translated means he won't install liberal policy
plus plagiarism
Thank you!
Dem vs GOP is ok when u r running but once elected decisions should be made based on the good of country not politics. You failed
That's a SURPRISE! The Democratic Party has been destroyed. Thank you Mr. President.
CONFIRM GORSUCH (since you don't answer your phone line)
CONFIRM GORSUCH
#DrainTheSwamp  Cardin, old white guy. Major part of the problem and what is wrong with DC!!
I am an (I) MD resident and will actively campaign against your election. If the Rep use the nuclear option, I will hold you responsible
I agree #Gorsuch is not the one for the Supreme Court.
Thank you Senator!! We the People agree w/you!!
Jesus, please bless him & others like him with Divine Love ASAP.ty
As a Maryland resident, I'm surprised and disappointed that it took you so long to make this decision, but I'm glad you finally did.
Where was your concern, when President Obama was shredding the Constitution, with the overreaching executive orders and regulations?
Please vote for Judge Gorsuch. Sotomayer and Kegan had support. Now it is Gorsuch's time to be confirmed.
Thank you for doing what is right for America.
Lolz, you voted for Kagan and Sotomayor and  now are worried about the Constitution with #Gorsuch ?  Way to beclown yourself, partisan hack.
Thank you Senator for standing up for the ppl. Gorsuch an abomination.
Thank you Senator!
good! I'm a constituent, and I support you in this.
- As your constituent, I have been waiting to hear you say these very important and true words.
Thank you Senator Ben Cardin. Appreciate!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Senator
thank you Ben Cardin #FilibusterGorsuch call the REPs bluff.
THANK YOU Senator. and let us not forget this
Thank you for your NO vote @SenatorCardin
Thank you!
There are constituents who support #Gorsuch and hope you put politics behind us and vote to confirm
were you hoping to put politics behind us last year when garland was given the 1st ever ghost filibuster?
I guess you forgot Obama already. Hypocrite!
@AltSmithsonian @POTUS Thank you Senator Cardin!!! Checks and balances are a cornerstone of our great nation!
An embarrassment for MD.  You are a clown that has his nose too close to Schumer's backside.
thank you!!I protested against him when he was supporting Hobby Lobby at SCOTUS
As a Veteran & MD Voter thank you!  I am glad you are not going to reward The GOP with a stolen SCOTUS seat.
Thanks from 21209
Yikes. Another hit this week against the great state of Maryland. When are these people going to see the light.
Thank you Senator Cardin! We can always count on you and it is appreciated!
THANK YOU, @SenatorCardin - I know you weren't keen on this at first (and we pestered you - a lot), but I'm so grateful you're on board now!
Please show 45 all the same courtesy afforded 44 by your Republican colleagues.
Trump hasn't just tested our constitution he's a threat to it our democracy our environment our freedom of the press HE'S DANGEROUS! IMPEACH
You voted for him last time!!!!now he's not right for the country? You are a partisan hack and we all know it!!!
Thank you for your NO vote
Thank you so much Senator!!! This is wonderful news!!!
Thank you Senator Cardin!   You are a hero.  Protect womens' right to choose.
I will vote against you next chance I get.  Signed, Marylander Sick Of Geezer Partisanship
Thank you!
This constituent says THX!  Our #SCOTUS needs mainstream judges who will weigh individual rights in their rulings.  And, #NoProbeNoRobe
Thank you Senator Cardin!
thank you!  So relieved to hear this!
Thank you Senator Cardin!
Pathetic, more partisan crap and no concern for US citizens  Very sad....
thank you!  We support you!
Right! You have our votes. We support you taking this fight directly to #Trump #PaulRyan #MitchMcConnel #GOP 

Just say NO
Agreed.Thank you, Senator.
@WebsterGTarpley @POTUS rock on
Thank you, Senator!
Ur nothing but a hypocrite and big fat liar. Obama defied the Constition for 8 long years and u let him get away with
Thank you, for supporting this extraordinary measure against #Gorsuch. We can protect our democracy, constitution, and nation from @POTUS.
Thank you Senator Cardin.  I am grateful for your decision in this matter.
Thank you from Americans
And his ultra conservative views are archaic in the 21st century. He's wrong for our country.
#RESISTANCE  I wish there were 100 of you . Thank you!
We know @SenateDems have offered 2 negotiate. We'll hold GOP accountable in 2018/2020 4 decision 2 put party > country.
You mean like when they jammed ACA through without a single gop?
Thank you!!
@peoplefor thank  you
Great!
And you'll loudly support the filibuster, right?
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you @SenatorCardin.  Please say no to all Trump nominees until we have a Senate hearing and FBI report on results of FISA warrant.
Where is the FISA warrant and who were they supposed to be listening to?
Tx 4 opposing Cloture on #Gorsuch & giving Avg Americans a chance 4 a #SCOTUS not tilted 2 d Right & 2 overturn #CitizensUnited @SenSchumer
You think govt should be able to ban movies because they are critical of politicians?
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator
Vote no we will use nuclear option.
Thanks Senator Cardin! 
serously, @SenatirCardin is pretending that @POTUS44 did not test the American Constitution in horrific ways?  Seriously?  WOW
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you @SenatorCardin for standing up for all of US. #NoProbeNoRobe #NoToGorsuch @IndivisibleDuke
Stop the Anti Trump BS and make decisions that's best for country.... Obama pushed the Constitution more Where were the Democrats then???
Thank you, Senator Cardin, for your thoughtful decision in this matter.
This is a losing battle now and in future. Pls stop this madness!
Thank you @SenatorCardin ! Can count on Maryland to do the right thing!
You voters and other Md citizens think you are childish and wish you would grow up and vote for Gorsuch. Don't make your ACH mistake again.
Not his job to check President, his job to follow the Constitution no matter the President
Thank you.
Thank you. Reason will prevail.
Thank you, Senator Cardin.
You mean "is ". Today, Trump admitted he has no regrets about the absurd accusations he made against Hillary and Obama. He is a Russian.
Who are you trying to fool. More lies.  It's called Obstruction. #draintheswamp   Your time will end soon
@IndivisibleTeam @POTUS Thank you for saying no to $17M of #darkmoneyfrom @judicialnetwork to buy @Scotus seat for #Gorsuch
Oh, we believe that.  LOL.  Has nothing to do with you being another  Democrat OBSTRUCTING the voters' decision Nov 8th!.. #gorsuch
We will vote against you if you don't vote for Neil Gorsuch period
Your right but I will be putting all my efforts into campaigning against him along with my wallet & door to door canvassing, every bit helps
You do understand that Senator Cardin represents MD, so going door-to-door in TN isn't going to do much, right?
You're right but have a lot of family & friends their &am heading there this weekend 4 a week 2help with the campaign will also B working 
Not only was this authentic frontier gibberish, it expresses a courage little seen in this day and age.
Thank you for protecting working Americans and ensuring children get an equal education
Except Dems like Cardin DO NOT protect or watch out for our unborn children!!
Thank you @SenatorCardin + @SenateDems who stand for more than merely getting re-elected
It appears they also stand for lies and obstruction as well.
Thank you Senator Cardin! Illegitamate repub gov under investigation should have no voice.
Agreed.
Proud to have had you as my senator!
Thanks Senator Cardin.
Good move, Senator! Thanks.
Thank you Senator Cardin.  Glad that you represent me!
Another career tick cloaked from taxpayer $$
Thank you! Your voters support this decision!
Keep up the good fight Senator Cardin!
Very proud of my senator, @SenatorCardin!  Thank you for standing up for Maryland values!
Proud of my senators! Thank you!
Proud ? u should be ashamed of them. Just for plugging US 20 trillion in debt.. our kids will suffer
Thank you Senator Cardin!
Thank you!
