Thank you!
So says u and the teachers union but this is not so. Please say why she is not qualified.
@cerveris THANK YOU, Senator Cardin
thank you for caring about our children's education and future
THANK YOU for voting against DeVos. Please continue to vote against these harmful and unqualified nominees.
Thank you for your strength. Keep up the good work! We need to hear your voice.
Thank you Senator Cardin!
Mien kampf Trump &Swamp Rats 4 Cabinet!Are not qualified as well!Given pass on fraud &corruptions Plus Presidency!
As a former teacher, thank God for people like you who stand up to this.
thank you!!!
thank you!  Now can you talk just one more republican senator to vote against her?

very qualified Democrats don't like any of trumps pick. Grow up y'all got beat.
As someone  who believes in quality education for all, I thank you for the #StopDeVos #noDevos vote. - from Silver Spring, MD
Thank you and keep it up @SenateDems !
@MrJoshCharles THANK YOU SENATOR CARDI.N
Thank you!
If dumping funds in public schools has not brought up scores and graduations in cities why keep pouring it down the drain
Thank you @SenatorCardin for voting #NoonDeVos   Proud of my Senators!
Thank you for standing up for our children's future!
So glad you joined us. ANY leverage to get a Republican with a conscience to vote no?
you are being awesome! Thank you!  Proud Marylander!
As a Maryland resident, a parent and an American, thank you! Can't you convince one more Republican friend to do the same?
Thank you!
Thank you @SenatorCardin
you stand by a corrupt system The Democratic's are like junkies on a fix. You need their money and support .
yep - standing around doing nothing which is all you are qualified to do.  You and the other school union trash.
Thank you for your opposition to DeVos
thank you for saying no to DeVos
Thank you Senator, this Marylander is very grateful to you. I still have a son attending public school in Baltimore. #NoDevos
Thank you.
Thank you! People with republican senators need this time to make their calls. No to #DeVos!
Thank you!!! #proud to be from #Maryland
Thank you for saying NO to DeVos. #DumpDevos
Thank you! #StopDeVos
I am married to a teacher and am mother to a child in special education. Thank you!!!
THANK YOU. Please continue to reach across the aisle to encourage your GOP colleagues to stand with you.
thank you Senator Cardin for your fight to #StopDeVos 
Thank-you from Montgomery County!
thank you!
thanks for standing up for education!
amazing! Glad to have you as my senator!
Thank you! @SenatorCardin
Please vote for Betsy #DeVos. We need to promote competition in education for the sake of our children. @POTUS
She is more qualified to be Secretary of Ed, than you are qualified to be Senator.
thank you! Can't you find just one more Senator willing to stand up for our children and their future? There must be one!
Thank you for being there! Your efforts are deeply appreciated.
.@SenatorCardin thank you for your service!
keep up the fight for all Americans! Thank you!   #StopDeVos
The opposition is all the unions and has nothing to do with the kids... never does.
Way to go!!!
thank you for listening to the parents, teachers, and most importantly, putting students first! #holdthefloor
please block DeVos! We don't need her dismantling our Public Education System, nor giving vouchers to cause segregation again
thx from annapolis!
Thank you
@lisamocowomen Find 1 more Republican, please!
Thank you @SenatorCardin for standing up for Maryland communities, students and families. #noDevos
y'all just can't stand it that y'all lossed. Give Trump his cabinet
Thank you for standing alongside teachers and protesters for us Marylanders that can not be there.
thank you
Thank you Senator!  We all appreciate the hard work you are doing on behalf of all of us!
Thank you from Street!
Thank you! Keep fighting for our kids!
Thank you, Senator!
Neither are you! Get out of my kids head!
Thank you from a PG County high school teacher!
