Remember that time before obamacare when Americans were dying in the street? Oh that's right, neither do I. #FearMonger don't #SaveACA
As a pastor, yes I do! Ppl turned out of hospitals and dumped at shelters in our cities. #thingsclergysee
And still provided for at a much cheaper rate
No. Emergency room care is the most expensive plan ever.
Sweet attempt at #alternativefacts but #ACA is only failing where Medicare wasn't extended.
#RepealAndRun is NOT about healthcare or everyday Americans, it's about tax breaks for the rich. Always has been always will be. #SaveACA
ACA was not affordable just go back to preACA status and put more people on Medicaid.
Lol, #resist  We the people demand you work for us. What have you done to help your constituents
What do you know, you voted for the ACA when Md voters told you not to. Please resign.
God well lead you in the right direction don't let them con you down one of the Side Road keep looking forward do what's right
Thanks for continuing to fight against @SenateGOP repeal plan!
Thank you @SenatorCardin for your strong support of the American people.
Lol strong support. #resist giving any ideas or input to a better plan. He could care less about giving constituents a better plan obstruct
Perhaps you should check this out.
Thanks, that all we really need. We need them to work together regardless of party
Obamacare Lite is not the answer to Obamacare, what we had before was better than this!
Then make it clear that ONLY way repeal is on table is if it is replaced w/ Expanded & Improved Medicare for All. If not, it stays the ACA.
Start in a position of power & not one on the defensive.
The @SenateGOP wants Americans to die for a few to profit.  Lining their own pockets with $$s from dead Americans from #BCRA!
#REPEALONLY    Healthcare is not a right .
Healthcare & a good education should be a right if you expect people to give back & contribute positively to society.
A step towards Socialism is not a positive one .
Yes we can. We can not afford the continued rising costs and terrible health coverage of Obama care. Why don't you put your family on it?
Do you really get that blind in Congress that you don't see that the ACA doesn't work. PERIOD? Get out and talk to people.
As tax payer who's paying UR salary.Instead of complaing DID U PUBLICLY OFFERED UR ASSISTANCE 2WORK WITH POTUS? Put us 1st & polotics aside?
Repeal and go pluck your self is not winning. It's cold blooded flip. Healthcare is not a commodity.
Thanks for calling it ACA we need to remove personalities so we can see the details. Now show me details not platitudes!
Thank you for fighting for the people! I'm proud to have you representing me in DC.
Hell, u have allowed them to do everything else bad for the country. When u start fighting for all that's right, God might take a look.
FIGHT  against this bill as if you're fighting for your life. @ChrisVanHollen @RepAdamSchiff @SenSchumer @SenJeffMerkley @SenFeinstein
You and your gaggle of fellow fanatics should have fixed your own Obamacare mess. You had 7 years to do it.
Well then maybe you should have pitched in. But you didn't so now we get what ever comes. Thanks!
Then quit blocking the replacements! Or repeal it and forget uni ersal or federal health care and let states have their own plans.
It's real easy to be the ball of hot air, let's see you people fix what's wrong and quit bellyaching, do what's right, the ACA is failing
Why don't you join the fray and help make an affordable solution instead of tweeting this bull
Thank you for standing up for me and all of your constituents, Senator!
Oh, go get your pap smear and your breast enlargement.
What insurance do you have Senator?
Listen Senator, it is a bad law and it is force on us and makes people pay higher deduc and prems. it must go, quit  the lies
@19lulu78 @SenateGOP 
You are the "we" here...someone stand up to this constant bullshit por favor.
If Democrats had grown some balls and stood up to their donors when they had a super-majority this wouldn't be an issue today.
this isn't true. The ACA isn't that. Repeal back to pre Obamacare and start completely over
No we can and we will!
Looks to me like it's going to happen regardless!!
Are you admitting that the ACÁ is unaffordable Senator Cardin?
why are senators exempt from obamacare if its so great?
Hell yes we can
Sure we can!  We actually voted for Trump to do just that 
Better deal for America, deregulate the healthcare industry!!!!#impeachCardin
Please protect health care for all. We must make sure all of our neighbors, especially the most vulnerable can access good health care!
You got that lie from your false messiah Obama and HELLARY. The Dems screwed up "healthcare" with their lies. NOBODY can provide for all.
we CANNOT afford free healthcare for everyone and shouldn't be robbing Freddie & Fannie to pay for it with $20 trillion debt
Then join in the debate about how best to replace a failing program.
Vote no. Vote no. Do not sell out the American people. Stand Strong do not be intimidated by Trump
I think repealing the ACA is a death warrant to many Americans, but also to the GOP
Have you looked at a 78 year old woman and only gets 326 per month after medical insurance, how does she eat? . It's been this way for yrs
@SenateDems @SenateGOP If you're not fighting 4 #MedicareForAll, you're fighting 2preserve 4-profit healthcare ins CEOs weath
No, you brainwashed democrat, it was your false messiah Obama that promised healthcare for all, now the Dems want a bailout for insur. co's!
What a Neo-Con.
Corruption/lobbyists/
So true!
#SinglePayerHealthCare #SinglePayerNow
What about all the people that work everyday and can't afford Obamacare?What about us, so we don't  matter?Billions spent on freeloaders/
The vendalization of healthcare system proves once again that some elected Republicans are controlled by special interests they have no say
It's easy. Repeal it and turn it back over to the private sector where it belongs.
Maybe instead of obstructing, you should have worked with republicans... to clean up YOUR mess.
#killthebill #saveaca

Please vote NO
#saveaca #killthebill @marcorubio <==ashamed he reps my state :(

Trump was allowed into the White House.
They know how hard it would be to get anything back after just dumping it all. Imagine all the suffering this will cause.
Your inaction and lack of leadership has caused this issue...the best thing you can do is get out of the way!  I'm disgusted u represent MD!
Cigna of VA 2018 Obamacare premium increase 179.9%. Give health care back to Governors from whence it came.
Oyez! Oyez! A quintupling of premiums for seniors is an unacceptable alternative... imagine choosing between food or health care!
Have you looked at a 78 year old woman and only gets 326 per month after medical insurance, how does she eat? . It's been this way for yrs
What just happened with @SenDeanHeller? #BCRA #BCRAP #healthcare #HealthcareBill #HealthcareBillVote #deathcare
What are you doing to stop it! Seriously, I have disabled family who will lose coverage.
It's not your call. We voted to #RepealObamacare only in November. Anyone who votes to replace will be voted out 2018 and 2020.
Made this spreadsheet w/ local office #s of house/senate to use if D.C. voicemail or lines are busy. CALL LOCAL!!!
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aNTEvz2N5il81uN5O18zEkvYVWAo9O-ObSS6akdBRuI/pubhtml# …
The Democraps are the ones that screwed up the system! Are you calling them out?
