.@usedgov says #IRSDRT is down until Oct. 1. Here's our statement & advice for helping students in the meantime: http://ow.ly/3Jfp30apVmz 
FATHER GOD sent Christ the Son is One come into Savior of World. 
Read at John 3:16 open holy bible.
Michelle please run for President, focus on Florida, Virgina, NC,  Michigan, Ohio, and  PA these next 4 yrs if you do!
@MichelleObama @collegeaccess @usedgov
She's still working to help us!!!?Thank you Mrs. Obama. True Flotus ;-)
Remember when you spend all our tax payed money on vacation? Yea I could of used it instead to fix my car so i could go to work.your welcome
Let you warning Barack Obama! He is Rise of Antichrist. In future He will dead soon in Isreal. Christ Jesus will killest Obama at Armageddon
@MichelleObama We love and miss you First Lady Michelle Obama . You are such a class act,never forgetting our children.
Hello
Hello this is Frank he
Thank you! Challenging enough ... then this. Good "heads up" for us 1st time college parents.
Americans don't care what you think.  OBAMA worst President EVER.  Oh happy day you 2 are gone! Did nothing for America.
Mrs.President can you inform your Husband Mr.President Obama Chicago and Shaka Izvuylu would be honored to have him with #izvuaGangac`e
How can you  tweet when INNOCENT BABIES AND CHILDREN HAVE DIED BECAUSE OF YOUR HUSBAND.
Barry Obama is getting boinked in the cooley on his GAY vacation!
I miss you. I'm 63 but will you and President Obama adopt me? 
You have no idea how much Americans are disgusted with you and your husband. Shame on you.  Susan Rice. The jig is up.
The only true unchanged message of God is Quran 
Understand it 
It ll guide you
Syrien
@michelleobama  Could you let your Husband know...hes in deep sh--, for spying on Trump?   I know he's hiding on some luxurious island. Thx!
We Miss You So Much! Thank You  We will help spread the word
Do you think Barry will look good in his yellow jumpsuit along with his co-conspirators? #rice
Love you the best First Lady ever one class act #girlfromcanada#therealFLOTUS
TRAITOR! You & Barack had a chance to do something great being 1st black Pres instead you ABUSED POWER, lied, cheated, divided and SPIED!
ThankU 4always caring.WH lost its class when U left.We were so relaxed when Pres Obama was on watch.A few mishaps bt always had our backs.
Fat #MichelleObama stopped eating long enough to retweet something. #FatLoad #Democrats #BlackPeople #BlackTwitter #MAGA #DeportIllegals
I hope there is still time my son does his fasfa next month
Mrs. Obama, there will never be another you.  You and your family are missed.  Wish u could serve 4 more.  Think about 2020. I'll vote for u
Lawd girl, have you seen what that orange face buffoon is doing?  Please send "Big B" in to save us!  We Miss You Both 
Thank you. Still doing a good job and advising us.
Mine is completed. First Lady, you and POTUS 44 are truly missed. What can we do?
I can't tell you how much you and #44 are missed. Please come back.

@MichelleObama @collegeaccess @usedgov absolutely
First Lady 
Financial aid!!! Yahoo
