Please come back
Do you think if we retweeted this tweet enough she'd come back?
her and Obama lost their licences to practice law & reasons why have been locked away. You people ar Muppets worshipping traitors to USA
We miss you Mom-In-Chief
Happy #MothersDay
BARF

Love you
Love that outfit Michelle!
Michel Obama eres la única igual q nuestro presidente jamás lo olvidaremos mercedes
miss you. we need you more than ever! 
No we don't. You lost. Get the fawk over it.
The most amazing women the world has ever met...Wait...Am I talking about mom or Michelle Obama...Thank you Mrs.Obama
Nice
Happy Mothers Day to you. Thank you for everything you have done & will continue to do for all of our kids & grandkids. We dearly miss you!
What did she do?
PRETTY MUCH NOTHING!TRAVELED ALL OVER THE WORLD WITH DAUGHTERS ON TAXPAYERS' $$$! Also posted the pic taken in the WH! Lol they won't let go
Happy Mothers Day Michelle.  I miss you x
You a wonderful woman...inside and out!
-== Happy Mothers Day Michelle and your Family ==-
PLEASE COME BACK
Happy #MothersDay  beautiful ladies 
Happy Blessed Mother's Day Too U and Mom's
Happy mother's day to you and your mother
We love and miss your family TERRIBLY 
thank you for being an inspiration
You are an inspiration to all moms Michelle!!  happy mother's day!
Happy Mother's Day to you and your awesome Mother!
Happy Mother's Day First Lady to you and your Mom!
Oh yeah, the lady we the American people paid to live in the WH. Smh.
We love you and miss you. So much.  
Happy #MothersDay  to my beloved mama & to all mothers all over the world. Treating mom to these from the Godiva store  at Lexington Ave NYC
She's not your Mama or anyone else's.  It's a man!!
Never saw your mom one time during  yr reign, discreet lady, she's proud of you, no doubt. We miss u, Trump has RUINED everyx.     Racist.
Beautiful!
Happy Mother's Day 
Happy Mother's Day to you and your Mother
Happy Mother's Day Mrs Obama.
And a very happy and well deserved Mothers Day to you @MichelleObama. You're still my FLOTUS.
Happy Mother's Day
Happy Mothers Day!
A mother who lets her boy become a woman.  Pretentious aren't you?
Happy Mother's Day! You are such an inspiration.
Thank your mom for all of us. I know she was there for 8 years helping with your girls so that you could be an amazing First Woman!
We need u as president
Oh god NO. You have lost your damn mind!!!
come back
Happy mothers day #MothersDay 
You are missed more than you will ever know. #happymothersday
Happy mothers day to u the greatest 1st lady of all times.
Your hussy looking outfits in Italy were totally shameful which proves if you put lipstick on a pig it's still a pig
Take your meds Diane. While you still have affordable health insurance. 
damn this is a good tweet
Thanks love! I don't like people disrespecting Mrs. Obama.
The whole world is missing you and the former America. It's not easy for us to accept you no longer in the office damn. Kenya
Beautiful tribute
It's very nice
Happy mother's day Michelle
We miss you and President @BarackObama more every day.  Thank you for your service to our country.
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Thank you for making us smile & laugh. You are the happiness of many & your existence is appreciated. 
We miss you First Lady!!!!
Happy Mothers Day to you both.Ty for sharing your lives with us.We are better ppl for having known your genorosity, dedication,grace & love.
Lol, what?!?  Sometimes comedy writes itself.
Missing the days of coherent and substantial Tweets from the White House. #queenmichelle
And the days of compassion, dignity, class and smarts. 
Thanks for being a good mother to all American children with your healthy eating campaign. Miss you sfm!
Yeah getting $167,000.00 a year off the taxpayers dollars for doing NOTHING! While people who voted for you barely scrape by!

Bella mamma! La mamma è tutto!

YOU ARE A TRUE FLOTUS NOW...& FOREVERMORE!!! Your daughters are fierce -proving your impeccable Leadership !!!!
Happy Mothers Day  Queens!! 
Have a wonderful day. We miss you so darn much. Please-please come back and bring your family with you. 
I want her back,because I want a strong, intelligent woman with a compassionate 2 speak 4 the least among us. & hell yes.I miss the Obamas'
your mom is just as beautiful as you. Happy Mother's Day, you have been an excellent mentor to me on how to be a mother!
Beautiful Tribute
Happy mothers day, thank you for being a beautiful example of motherhood with class and grace. You nailed it!
So inspiring unfortunately,I lost mine long ago and it hurts really bad ma.
You finally learned how to dress the american way and you didn't for a very long time
Happy Mother's Day. Your mom is a great example for others to follow,  as well as you 1st Lady O. Ty 4 your Service. 
Happy Mother's Day to you!  You are greatly missed by many.
Happy Mother's Day Michelle you are the most inspiring and motivating mother in the world. Please run for president
Happy Mother's Day to one of my very very few role models! We love you and we miss you
Lol!!!  Role model?!?  How so??  This oughta be good.
Hi! Waiting for you to come back
Wow posted the pic taken in the WH! Lol u won't let go, will u?
Hows she enjoying the bs 'pension' the American people are paying for ?? For watching her own grandkids!Disgusting!
Happy #MothersDay to my mom. I strive to be the kind of mother to my girls that you have always been to me.
Sexy
Happy Mother's Day to you too. :)
Did I mention that everyone is missing you
Not everyone...
Wherever your heart desire mine still miss her
Happy Mother's Day to the best FLOTUS ever
Please go in the woods with Hillary.
Miss you guys every day
Puke!!
Happy Mothers Day! Miss you so much! Best 1ST Lady!
Lol, not even top 50. Not a single accomplishment.
Happy Mother's Day to you Mrs. @MichelleObama !Thank you for being an excellent representation of black women.
Angry is a good representation.  Agreed.
Hope both of you had a lovely Mother's Day
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Lovely pic of you & mom. Treasure every day so you have lots of memories. I know I miss my mom.
The world misses you Michelle 
Happy Mothers Day Michelle...beautiful ladies....thank you for being such an inspiration....you...miss you dearly...God Bless!
your more then a mom your a queen!
Happy Mother's Day we miss you.
If my mum was still alive, these wird's describe best what I would like to say to her! Mum,Ich miss you!
Nice mam
This is adorable 
Thank you @MichelleObama for being our country's "mom". You made us want to be better.
You are YUGE hypocrites.
https://heatst.com/politics/obama-speaks-on-global-warming-then-spews-co2-with-private-jet-13-car-motorcade/ …
Guapa!!!
Beautiful!  We miss you.
Looks like you are making that work! Happy Mother's Day to you too!
So eloquently said @MichelleObama!  Happy Mothers Day to you!
Happy Mother's Day!
Love you and so grateful for you in the world.  I know the pressure is great, being our north star, our beacon of Light, so KNOW! LOVE!
Happy Mother's Day! Also, miss you so much.
Proverbs 31:26 She opens her mouth with wisdom, and loving instruction is on her tongue.
Also, we miss you desperately! 
Michelle O bama, you and your husband Barack are the reason terrorists are killing. While you celebrate your mom, lots of people can't. HATE
people make me want to puke...
Happy Mother's Day to you both!!
Happy Mother's Day! We miss the class & intelligence you & President Obama brought to the WH & country. God bless you & your family.
More Greatness Mummy, Please Help Me, I'm Specialised in Automobile Mechanic Crafts, Seeking for Employment from YOU!!!!
Happy Mother's Day to the both of you ♡ ♡ 
From Broomfield Colorado 
Many Blessings to you both ♡ ♡
Great picture Michelle
And Happy Mother's Day to you.  Thank you for being an amazing mother to your girls.  We are blessed to have you model being great mother.
Big hugs from me to the both of you Ladies
Love u michelle
Beautiful photograph
Happy Mother's Day Mrs. Robinson!  We love you too!
Dear Michelle- I love this pic. Lovely!!!
Same to you 
# Michelle Obama 
#sanjay kumar Ravidassia Canadian
Happy Mother's Day to you!!! Forever First Lady 
Happy Mother's Day to you both 
Michelle my love, where did you purchase the white shirt with the shoulders out. It's absolutely beautiful
We miss you, @MichelleObama  Happy #MothersDay
Happy Mother's Day First lady!
Happy Mother's Day, Mama Michelle!

I miss them so much
Happy Mother's Day to you! And your mom! You're both beautiful!
Happy Mother's Day, Michelle. We miss you!
Happy Mother's Day to you and your mom. Sure miss you in the Whitehouse.
Beautiful ladies!
Happy Mother's Day @MichelleObama... We miss you so much... Beautiful, Humble & Appreciated.. You will Always be my #FirstLady
Humble?!?!?  .
Happy Mother's Day!
Happy Mother's Day! You are an amazing role model for me with my daughter. 
ily michelle happy mother's day


She must hav been a darn good mom 2pay her a 6digit chk as a babysitter.Uknow most grma's babysit 4free esp.ones who hav free rm & board.
God how we miss you! 
Happy Mother's Day
Awww, you two are so sweet!  I know your beautiful girls will be just as good at mothering as both of you are! Happy Mother's Day!!! 
Happy Mother's Day. You are missed beyond measure! 
Happy Mother's Day First Lady Obama . Thank you for being an amazing role model, & for everything you do. You're awesome 
Dr
Buenos Dias de madrehttps://youtu.be/_O3k8yMahLI 

you seem like a fantastic mom, and having had a great mom yourself probably helped a whole lot. Happy Moms Day to ya!
