Bravo Madame Obama wawe
Amazing!
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to you and your family
Like Kayne said ...The Obama Foundation giving negros no chance since it started
You did give up on our kids, shall I say more ?
I think we should present this to everyone https://goo.gl/Q2htbh 
To easily subscribe to our family YouTube channel please click on the short link----https://goo.gl/JNF6vr  Thanks!
I Miss President Obama and Our First Lady. They Never TRIED TO DIVIDE THIS COUNTRY NEVER EVER
Poor kidfos

WHAT THE HELL IS THIS? This library was named in your honor! Teaching kids trans demons r fun? Denounce that evil. https://twitter.com/crusher614/status/920794994167783424 …
Michelle Obama’s quotes inspire me everyday of my life . It makes me feel great and powerful and to remember that I can be anything and more than I can ever imagine. Thanks for changing someone you don’t even know . You are a life changer
Your husband Obama and his drone strikes killed many young girls. Innocent kids playing in the fields had bombs dropped on them by @BarackObama
If we want a better world ALL kids need 2 hear this. "I’m never going 2 give up on U, so don’t U ever give up on yourselves." @MichelleObama
Hey Michele, What happened to our 750 million tax dollars that went to fund “ Pakistan Girls” ?

Please run for President!
Mrs Obama please run for the POTUS office with @Oprah as your VP or vice versa. It's a big ask, I know but #YesYouCan #MelaninGoddesses love
what about all the people being indicted / arrested ,how come nobody is posting on Twitter, Hillary Clinton?
I love you, FLOTUS! o (^‿^✿)ｏ
I guess Michael is finally proud to be an American. Not like her speech in 2008. Proud for the first time !!!
who is michael?
Sorry. It's Michelle Obama.  Wasn't proud to be an American  before 2008. Look up her speach!!
I heard her lovely speech at the time.
Please help, share and leave a positive prayer #thanks luv you
Young women NEED a role model like you Mrs. Obama!!! PLEASE consider running in 2020!!!!
Please help all the TMAU suffers to find a cure and make this a world wide known disease 
I also have this condition. Can I offer any help, advice or support?
I'm sorry for my late response. Do you have any tips to reduce the odor?
Hello pretty, you have a  good heart, and I love you for that
That is cool
As a survivor, I'd like to support your work. Where do I start?
Stay Strong
To all the women that fight for women's rights, you disrespect yourselves when you support self appointed women's rights leaders like Michelle and Hillary.  Their have been all kinds of groping by Senators and neither one has stepped up to the mic.
https://www.facebook.com/joelerkkinenart/videos/1702980920030851/ …

genuine.. I love you! never stop being you!  miss you so much.. there is NO first lady since you  left DC
Yeah....right.
Please help us
Our girls in PR are living in the aftermath of a catastrophic event. Both our camps were destroyed http://gofundme.com/caribegirlscou …
As artists we support our communities please help us continue our mission at objection exhibition in veniceBiennale http://www.thepavilionofhumanity.com 
Beautiful! Keep doing great things! Please view my site and tell me your thoughts:
Hahaha. But why did  you give up on whites ? hahahaha
Just stay out of Canada..with your anti white rhetoric...please
Hello, can we be assisted in South Africa.to fight racism between whites and blacks. We need a national dialogue as in now.
I get you 100 percent. South Africa needs help. These leaders will ignore you trust me their mission is different. Most don't believe us
Thank you, wish we can share ideas on how to make our contribution in helping SA on this issue. We need people from all over and we need you
So lovely words

Mis  Obama I do feel like given up I went from having a place to live for nine years then I lost my home yr ago
GOP budget cuts $1.5 trillion from medicare/medicaid. Contact your Congressman to say NO tax cuts for the 1%.
Good Job Mr TRUMP
I really miss and appreciated the Best First Family Ever
Hahahahahahshaha
I love you Papi#Best President Ever!
Hahahahahahaha
Le langage du cœur reste universels Amitiés sincères 
God bless you!!! #Michelle2020
We miss you dearly. You gave us hope. Now all I have is anger. I want to feel hope again.
VERY wise words - glad to see wisdom in action. Be Loved, 'cos that you are. from me: "SHAB" Shaboedien Becker, in Cape Town, South Africa.
I dedication who this is yes one of yours bests moments of your life.
In your going the city
The my effort going of you by your dnya
Congrulation my mother by sucess in you profission are happy by your existence,i love you
I love evolution you are truly
How amazing
Hi I am  going to town to make my hair
FORMER first lady
How can I connect with your foundation to improve the quality of life and education of girls in Paraguay and Argentina?
if you need any image resize with low cost please contact
Nice
We miss you guys
Always keep your head up 
 please retweet in support of my daughter
Thank you in advance for your support
Hello mam I want/requested to open a branch In india

Türkiye'de 668 bebek hapiste. Buna sen de SES VER!
#668bebekhapiste #668babiesareinprison #668babyarärifängelse 
Many people don't give people a proper chance but listening is good and gives confidence to those who want to talk
Girls need support especially when they aren't taken seriously
I wish someone would say that to me
Sorry Sugar This Is Reality Not Everyone Gets A Trophy .. Nice Try!
Hi
How are you
That's a beautiful sentiment Michael....errrrrr I mean Michelle
#BecauseofGirlScouts I am determined to get help from a former FLOTUS & GS for our Hurricane embattled camps and girls in PR. #wearelast
PLEASE help us share to USA so fellow Americans may support us in continuing to  give girls the support they need
Hii
I miss you so much, Mra. Obama 

In fairness “bloated” is a misplaced modifier in this headline. It should refer to “payroll.” http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/10/20/melania-trump-cuts-bloated-first-lady-payroll-from-michelle-obama-days.html …
Powerful
Congrats mama Michelle Obama
Always believe in yourself & find your voice. I know, I can & I will make a difference in the world. I painted "always be you" shoes
Augh I just love you! You are my hero!!!!
Please run in next election. Youre loved as much as you husband and its the only way to get another 8 yrs of obamas!
You gave up on your penis, did your penis ever give up on you? Hmm...
huge respect @ObamaFoundation
I like to interview u for a south asian Mag - Confluence . Any plans to visit London? I can meet in usa?
Love you My First Lady.   Come Bacccck
Go back to the south side and stay there
she hugs only blacks. highly racist
I’ve thought of that too. Per Revalations. Getting closer. Satan working overtime. Bc he knows he’s running out of it.
Help Kurdish kids in Kirkuk in Kurdistan Iraqi army and Iran Lilly us help my family I lost a lot of them please save the rest of them pl
Michele Obama — a very special lady, scholar, mother, wife, human being. We need more of her kind especially today.


Life must really suck without 16 aides paid for by Americans
Sorry Mrs. Obama That I post this here but I need lots Of Help :'( 
https://www.gofundme.com/Thanks-for-your-donation …
According to Mr. Obama pls, inform me which are these American political values!
Except for those girls kidnapped by boko haram. At least you "gave a shout out".  Lord, what a joke

Most rasict person in America congrats Michelle for being the black kkk
want to work in america
5.5 logo concept included with different design or color
You can place an order now----
https://www.fiverr.com/designer_nayma/create-a-minimal-logo-design …
Hopefully see you soon.
pretty rich for someone who regularly invites people who call women "hos" and "bitches" to the white house ! Not to mention rapists ! #loser
Hey hugging women is how your "Good Friend" Harvey Weinstein got his ass in a sling. I heard you and the Clintons have some uranium for sale
Dear Ma'am @MichelleObama  you have always been my role model and god bless your sweet soul..
What an amazing woman
so amazing!!!!
Me too
yeah ... don't give up .
You make women/girls feel enpowered, heard and loved. Thank you.
Please help!!

Because he is a duplicitous manipulator of the truth.  http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/why-is-the-obama-administration-trying-to-keep-11-000-documents-sealed-20160418 …
Nothing to see here, move along
Hail Satan! https://twitter.com/GrantJKidney/status/919760385787482113 …
How do u live w/ urself,3 bombs/ hr and the first ever to not give social security cost of living raises.The blood of millions is at ur door

Love you. Revere you. Miss you. Shine on and on! You light up our lives. 
When is day of the Boy?
Elegance is when the inside is as beautiful as the outside. 
Tiene mucho  Ángel Custodio,su elegancia está siempre presente por su sencillez y acercamiento a los problemas de la gente.Y es guapísima .
We've had enough of Marginal Michelle. MO did nothing for the city of Chicago while in the WH & only will continue this trend. Bye Michelle!
Hi
Michelle... The love of my heart and @BarackObama  the heart of my life!! You bring everything to my life through your dignity and workless
Thanks for your great work
If there is anything we can do to make them feel better. 
What's next, you'll be promoting shemales/ transvestites to children at public libraries? Oh wait you already did that
Yes we all miss him but we miss you too Linda.

I knew I would miss you, but not this much! Thank you always for being the best 1st Lady in my lifetime.
Harvey Bill Clinton Anthony Weiner love all you Ladies :)
Yet you guys SUPPORT RAPIST like Harvey Weinstein! Hypocrisy to the fullest! Trump 2020!
Well your doctor has come forward and claimed that you have a penis. I think you should have it removed now. You defrauded America!
You are the greatest
We love and miss you
Please ask your husband to acknowledge me for the ideas he used that I sent the White House while he was potus.
Michelle, my 32 year Democratic Control Strategy I circulated since 2010 until Bernie interrupted by splitting Dem vote in 2016.

Email to MO Republican Gov Grietens for credit of Implementation of Police Body Cameras https://twitter.com/ElliotCBoose74/status/919960416721227776 …
