Please come to UK u r my lovely gast. Xxx
Oh! A ray of sunshine! @MichelleObama and #letsmove
No class
We love you too.
You need to eat a carrot or two ....lay off the bread
So inspirational!
Segregation?? Numerous black kids on left side, token white kids on other side (right) Proof Michelle is a racist. Same proof as Russiagate
Good first lady
First lady it is our hope that you rec the ltr sent via your scheduling site f/ Dr. Stephaine & Bishop Walker's 25th anniversary church fit
The best FLOTUS ever is too sensible to be in politics ;)
Kids have been starved because of your lunch program
Glad you and barry are not in the WH anymore
ist very well this fact
Thank you and God bless you
Why have to use a 7 year old photo? If so successful where is a current photo? Successful like failed school lunch kids/parents hated
@FLOTUS Pay attention!
White House looks like a happy, well-adjusted home when the Obama's were livin there. Now it's an asylum for old, mentally challenged men.
My daughter at 14 blamed you for her school lunch. Now at 19 - LOVES you for ~everything~. Thank you.
bless me kanye isnt normal ok you have no help in highschool ok about this rape and all can occur and kids will shh to all females including
comeback, we miss you .
We NEED you, too!
Yes,Your Lunch program ... My Son  couldn't wait for lunch time at school... He was starving when he got home.
The best First lady we ever had. We were so lucky. 
Get real she was a joke
you are still my FLOTUS.
she must still be FLOTUS. Haven't heard from Mrs. Trump when it's something other than vacation to Florida
Even then we only see her. We never hear her. What happened to "cyberbullying"? Too close to home maybe.
You still inspire BILLIONS of us! Gotta go...I'm on the move!
the world misses you.
Pffffft

LOVE THIS; I FEEL THE SAME as YOU
every time I see pictures of them in public I want to collapse cry
Why are some kids on left side and some on right side?
I have to move after my 9 surgeries and 20 screws, my doctor is thinking I may be in a wheel chair before I know it. My bones are not dense.
Ohh how we miss A True First Lady & Real POTUS. I hope all of you are well & seeing what we're going through due to those who didn't listen
Hello mrs.Michelle.missing ya'
Hey Michael do you still hate America
lol i remember doing to move your body campaign #yay #Beyonce
run for president! We miss you in the WH!!!
and PROUD you should be. you truly inspire! (now run for office and show them how it's done) 
of course, "let's move" was originally aimed at "moving" to a healthy diet, until coca cola etc. got involved...you SELL OUT!
happy familys
would love to partner with you re our 12 million kids facing hunger have access to nutritious, balanced meals, all the time
too bad there's no follow-up from our "SO CALLED" What ever Lady!
very proud of you First Lady you are an amazing women God bless you mam
How madam former first lady & how'd you woman? how's my boy Barack Hussein Obama .
@Franklee255B Please come back.
هل تكون عودتكم الي البيت اﻻبيض..فيه انسانيه اكثرمن السابق..فاانتم عملتومع السجين المظلوم..موقف لن ينساءه التاريخ
with missed you
how's that school lunch program working out Michael?
Thanks for all you did for our youth. I admire you so much. Miss the peace that you all bought to washington.
You can never be replaced
oh Mrs Obama you don't know just how much I miss you and President Obama I'm sure I'm not alone that clown is destroying U.S.
OUR 1st Lady ... 
A woman to be proud of, a Mom that is amazing, an ispirational 
lovely and charming and brilliant woman.

Glad to have a beauty in the WH finally. You were there as a charity case. Tell your hubby to stop obsessing over Trump
Guess you are in denial. Posting pix at WH? Weird. You are 2nd class again. Accept it
the social support to the family,the protection of dignity,the respect, rights protections, good sanity,than social integrity
run in 2020 country has gotten dark and depressing bring us the rainbow back help stop the repeal of ACA please we love you
time for you to come back help get country straight again we're eating junk food since 1/21 country  depressed getting obese
Im John Mello From South Africa and Hello Michelle Love u and big hugzzzz
YOU SHOULD BE MORE THAN PROUD! U R GREATLY MISSED(nancy in GEORGIA)#LetsMove
I like your pictures
keep it up. So proud of such a fantastic still First Lady!
its called PE oh ya schools cut that budget
molt bona iniciativa. Espero que no desapareixi ara...
you are an incredible First Lady!
6 colored kids and 2 white kids.  Is that representative of America?  #michelletheracist
.@MichelleObama OMG WE MISS YOU!!!! 
@BarackObama deeply grateful for your example of servant leadership. More to do, indeed!
Thank u 4 getting ur hands in dirt & example 4 children..Classy lady!
@nautilus1304 And we can't get Melania to move! Costing us millions
good woman's day that the visit to new wonderful places is wonderful and the travel is very interesting
no kids would eat the food!!!
You made school lunches great again
@BecksN60 #Will#Always#LaU
I wonder if Donald will be doing this
The Whitehouse is broken, please come back
Whites are not properly represented in that photo. #Racist !
A complete failure!
good luck
Mrs. Obama, thank you for being an outstanding First Lady!
@PoliticsVillage   Miss her
you are amazing !
manly man former flotus pffft! FIRST QUEEN!!
What you've done is amazing and so are you 
you had a good plan but allowed the lobbyists to change it from eating healthy to excersize, Doh!!!!
looks like division to me
@RobertAlai ll
another lady with the lamp....!!!!!!
you should have got the drugs off the street you had eight years that would have been healthy
Public school kids are fat, the school lunches have sugar and carbs galore.
a correct tutel of right is indispensable for a world more civil
God bless you.  #Still my FLOTUS. 
Please visit Teaneck High School in NJ. Amazing students doing great things academically and athletically!
we're all very grateful thank you
come back please
least you and Barack look good in the photos with Mr Museveni.
another obama legacy
u proud at photo Uganda Mr Museveni ,genocide northern Uganda camps,obama gave billions to him,proud of them families dead?
which place??

Hi Michelle,
Overeaters Anonymous has given me back my life. Please start advocating for this program. Email me at esafffan@icloud.com
yes you did a lot in fact you and your sick husband did nothing for this country wish you would just vanish from America
thank you!
Your school lunches are inedible.....
You looking forward to dieing a slow, lonely, cold death in prison Mr Obama?
Tell your husband to publicly call for the release of trump's tax returns.
@RobertAlai nice move
you did such a great job! US People should be grateful as one of the most common probs is lack of healthy lifestyle culture!
Occupy the World Food Prize, an opposition group taking on industrial ag pushing World Food Prize thanks you for your work.
My daughter and I do Zumba together. My daughter also plays golf for her high school. So she stays fit for golf invitations.
I hope they keep your garden at the White House.
We love and admire you, you are the greatest
u were the best @FLOTUS44 WE LOVE  & MISS u & @BarackObama 
congratulations
@vickscan I'm learning to run! Highly recommend "Couch to 5k" app!
we will get a lot of exercise marching for the next 4 years!
love it!! We live by this everyday!
I miss y'all so much.
We love you FLOTUS 
We love  you FLOUS
a perfect beautiful lady... so proud to have called you my first lady.. Thank you for all the lessons an inspiration
Thank you Best FLOTUS EVER
support healthy family is important expecially today that there are mucht difficolts
I really hope Mrs. Obama runs for President in 2020. #MichelleObama2020 #TheResistance #Resist #PleaseAndThankYou
@globalcitizenln The program you created has made such a positive health difference for many. Much gratitude!
You will be so missed.
, you inspire me.
...to my lady president ....someday
love you ooh you are my hero
we miss you!!!
make her an honoree!
Good to See You !
come back now would ya?
I miss you so much!!! Please come back!
Gods blessing upon  you and yours.
wish u would have considered Healthy Kids Running Series #GetupandGo
More to do indeed!
Oh do we miss you!!!!!
Still misding You n Pres. Obama. Always loved. Sasha n Malia 2.
Pristine and on a Pedestal for Posterity. Thank you both.
Your poise and perseverance under pressure are impeccable. You and the President Obama will remain our shining examples.
Mrs. Obama you are, and always will be, an inspiration for me, and so many other people.
So happy to hear from you! I miss you and your husband in the White House!
@BarackObama Keep up the great work. America needs you more than ever. The new regime is trying to destroy us !
Fantastic work Michelle.
- miss you  your family EVERYDAY! You all look great. Enjoy your life... Best 1st Family EVER...
we miss u!!!
thank you !
