We are so inspired by you(Obama's) and the Biden's! We miss you all!

Wish I wasn't ~$60,000< in debt now tho from just getting a bachelorsyou basically need higher education than that to afford living 
1,300 schools and counting! 
Colleges and Universities have stop teaching our students. Students leave college w/debt and no job.
You inspire *us* Mrs. Obama! Thank you for keeping the light shining on education; it matters more than ever in such challenging times.
You are amazing woman! enjoy
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump it's time to cut back their education slush fund. They jacked prices up, created fake debt and passed the bills
Run for president please

#Thefreedgirls
We're going to need all of the help we can get with Betsy DeVos leading the way
1300 school, just assume average of 10k student, 1,300,000 million now times that by 50k per year. Oh yea @realDonaldTrump she was out there

Of course you'd love higher ed.  It's a hotbed of progressivism.  yech.
U look smart
Education os all
Frau Obama stellen Sie sich bitte bei den nächsten Wählen als Präsidenten der USA auf ich drücke innen ganz fest die Daumen
#4chan #memetarget #endthednc #dnc4tri #obama4trial #blackpantherqueen #blmqueen #mememagic #memetics #neverdemocrats #fuckdemocrats #MAGA
Michelle god bless
And don't 4get yourself, Mrs Obama, you're sooo inspiring!
Vow to do more to educate our young men and woman. So Trump he cannot stop the Obama wheels from turning!
We miss you and MR BARACK OBAMA
Thank you and your husband 8 wonderful year
I love you guysand I think about you guys all the time.
Hi Michelle its Carolyn Nickens from Dc Lets do a 5k for College Bound kids it will be the biggest the World in Dc
Thanks for your support, Nate!
GOSH WE MISS PRESIDENT OBAMA & FIRST LADY MICHELLE Dumb nuts is trying to make the White House a COMPANY. PLEASE NEVER SHAKE HIS HAND EVER!
What do we need to do to get you to run for office?
Awesome initiative! Sometimes all kids need is to be reminded that they can & that someone believes in them.Their futures just got brighter
Thank you, @MichelleObama. For everything uou are & do.  Say hello to our favorite @POTUS44 please. #Peace 
that's why we love Michelle.
Lasting ten years (十年之癢）liked Husband Leon results , good bye Honey taking care
Sorry, I forget you had cancer genetic to hard you( I ought to kept our couples relative never say bye... but my heart need to face to face
One million life- long tooooo limited, I loving cash household more than you most most huge a lot
Because I bought $150 Costco food  vegetables mommy angry I must marry ASAP
I loving you more most a lot than him but living not together I selecting him we will live together soon
Husband Obama don't fighting Husband Cartwright, please because household be the richest fairy tales story
Talking "amen" how to marry should be " are you marry me" must "yes, i do" but I answered Husband Cartwright tonight we will marry soon
Social media hardly talking secret because instragram block me speaking
God Bless you Michelle. I hate this country now
We miss the high road, and a legitimate government. Glad your are still focusing on what's right.
YOU are inspiring
#collegesigningday You Rock Girl! Ear2Ear Smiles To Families, Communities & YOU! Inspiration, So Proud Of You All! Angel Heart So
Amazing & Beautiful You Are! Big Hugs&Cheek Kiss's Family Love! You Rock! Wicked Evening To Ya's! Canada Proud  #CollegeSigningDay
You are a wonderful role model for America! Thank you, miss u terribly.
Inspired/grateful for your continued work!   Hopeful for wider spread opps for ALL students - via improved HS counsel and financial assist.
We miss you MO!! 
We the People miss you, President Obama, Sasha & Malia so much! May God continue to bless you all. Please pray for America & We the People.
@PoliticsVillage You are a "GREAT" role model for young girls and Women! Thank You for being a FANTASTIC 1st Lady! Go HIGH!!
Please.  Go away!
Mame Please help me bring attention to african girls who are forced into marriages when they should go to school and have a real future
We miss and love u so much @MichelleObama !!!
Blah. Blah. Blah.
miss you and @BarackObama 
no thanks to you
@MichelleObama please help us 
I will never take for granted a FLOTUS that loved and wants to be FLOTUS #MichelleObama #thebest #comeback
@MELANIATRUMP Here's a tip: these R things a First Lady does during time n office & after.I'm sure Michelle won't mind if U plagiarize this
Michelle we need you!  Run for office @MichelleObama
You & your family are greatly missed!!! 
And we are so inspired by you.
I miss your positive light  hope you are enjoying life Mrs Obama!
When Trump and deplorables go high, you go down!
you are truly beautiful inside and out!
Your inspiration has more effect on education than the spotlight , so please be the light for shining your "program for girls" education.
While many keep getting mowed down on the streets and in homes of Chicago.
Thank you for all you are doing to continue to make our children rise up in  society !
we miss you and President Obama
Kids never forget that knowledge is power and no one can take that away, that's a promise
We miss you Michelle Obama & husband...We love you deep
Good
Please help Puerto Rico keep the state University alive! Our youth needs education too.
You are Amazing! God Bless you Barack and the Girls!
Love you Michelle miss you miss you so very much
While you will be paying taxpayers back. Your a fraud !
https://www.donorschoose.org/project/a-theatre-classroom-for-the-digital-age/2439062/?challengeid=398663 … My son just celebrated #collegeSigningDay in Baltimore with his students! He is very proud of his talented students!
u a dude?
We miss you. You are an inspiration and continue to help Americans.  Please come back.
Love you and ALL that you do. You're the best and brightest example for us and our children. 
Miss the days of having a truly classy "First Lady"
It is so great to see good inspiring people come back with great things to come.
Please come back, we need you and @BarackObama to save us.
Day after day you and Barack continue to inspire me! Thank you for being who you are! 
Run for 2020
Stay by our sides as we fight!
Education is key. And thank you for inspiring so many of us to fight the good fight.
We miss you!!
miss u mom
So inspired to see you!
FBF:When my daughter cried as college dreams came true.Her hard work paid offgot 1st  choice-USC!Great to haveFLOTUShonoring our kids!WeU
Your uplifting words&support for our girls here& around are a blessing!You are the perfect role model for our children #collegesigningday
desdé España Andalucia, un saludó Michelle Obama
So inspired by You and President Obama. America has been in the Presence of Greatness for 8 years. Nobody can take that away. Thank you.
i miss you mom.
Country is missing an education & proactive 1st lady in the White House.
sending you love,peace and joy
Show
We need you! Please run for office
we miss you !!!!!
Miss you!! 
So inspired by YOU! #ForeverFlotus
We love and miss you and the real President Barack Obama
It was so nice having you in the WH- calm cool intelligent heads will never be taken for granted again
BTW. You and your hubby demonstrated why we should stand for morals and ethics. Together you did make us better. Pax vobiscum
It feels good to finally ready something positive.
I love you, Mrs Obama. Pretty fond of your husband as well. #understatement
So inspiring? It is your devotion that we are feeding off of! Thank you ever so much for your efforts to help make this a better place> 
Thank you for continuing to support and encourage young people.
Our country has a big hole in hearts since the day President Obama, you and First family left the WH! The world misses you all!!
You inspire us FLOTUS! I miss seeing you on my TV screen so I've collected all the magazines I could that you've graced the cover on. 
Thank you for going high with all that is going on in Washington...but please speak out.  We miss your voice...
My daughter is going to grad school in the fall! There's a high school guidance counselor coming to a school near you !

Who is more excited that @MichelleObama is in NYC than @realDonaldTrump
Miss you.  Be happy!
We miss you so much, you are such an inspiration to everyone! Glad to see you are still involved with the youth of U.S. God Bless You! 
salam.can u help.me to come usa.uam sudanese.00966536121305
She always give pple hope, never let any1 down. Keep up the good job Michelle.
I miss you so much! 
We miss you. These assholes are wrecking everything. If you should want to overthrow the orange boil, we're with you!
....help.
miss you.
I'm sure many feel the same inspiration when they speak of the Obama's, you taught us that nothing is impossible, that we could all be great
So wonderful to have you and your husband back in the spotlight with such positive actions.
Grateful for your advocacy and leadership in support of young people and our nation's future!
We miss you Mrs Obama, you were the best #FLOTUS ever!! 
we miss you <3
Miss you terribly. Please remain a force for good. We need you more than ever.
I miss having a classy lady like you in the White House and not some mail-order porn star.
I miss you & @BarackObama so much! Also thinking... even people who never thought they would miss you are now greatly missing you both.
We love and miss you so much @MichelleObama
Michelle we need help please
We miss You, ma'am.
Oh how we have missed you. You and @POTUS44 made America a better place. Thank you.
Thought they might fly to space with Branson.
Thank you and your husband for 8 wonderful yrs. You served with dignity and and class.
Our youth are wonderful!
thank you for TRULY caring about my college education. I have finals next week & then I'll be doing summer courses as well!
Follow me
That's great we miss you Michelle are you thinking about 2020
Love & miss you and your family - you've done SO much for our country and deserve a break but boy, we miss you ~ from a fellow Sociologist
Thank you for continuing to be a beacon of hope
We need a leader like yourself back in the white house.
Come back, come back wherever you are! You are loved and missed. 
Love our FLOTUS. 
PLEASE help us!!
It's such an amazing idea, one that I wish we'd started long ago.
@MichelleObama we want you back
#reach4diversity #ReachHigher 
Girl....come back. We miss you & @BarackObama.
HELP US
yes, HELP!
Thank you for being such a good person. You are sorely missed.
And we continue to be inspired by you!
Education is Key! #collegesigningday
Thank you Michelle. We miss you. 
You inspire us queen
Love my First Lady
I've never loved a First Family the way I love the Obamas. They are an example to us all of graciousness and class. We were better with them
We miss you 
