Thank you for being such a wonderful FLOTUS and role model. We miss you and the class you brought to Washington!
Moron
that was uncalled for
there is no longer such a thing as "uncalled for" thanks to trump and his minions
Bye bye
45 can roll back your programs but he can't roll back your leadership, vision and love.  We are still with you.
NEVER BarryO get out of my Country Traitors
Never? Why are you against educating girls?
Baseball is a souless, hate-filled specimen that hates Barack H. Obama, but not necessarily girls.

So beautiful flowers!!!!
Thank you for caring for  the childrens Educación.
You beutiful women

I  you, Michelle.  Love does sometimes triumph. Miss you and Barry more than ever!
Sure thing dude
Barak Obama is a  socialist and muslim, creator of islamic state! Mandela it was terrorist and communist! TRUMP FOREVER,BOLSONARO PRESIDENT!
Hope you like my bead art @POTUS44 @BarackObama
Thats AWESOME :-)
Thank you very much let me know if your interested in one. 
We love you Michelle for all you have done he can't take that away you have touched people's lives and that's forever
Take Your #MuslimBrotherHood Values out of America @MichelleObama
Dear FLOTUS, thank you.

I LOVE YOU. MISS YOU
Behind EVERY #GreatMan...U know the rest  #TheDefinitionOfACoolCalmClassyCouple #TheObamas #WeMissUBoth  @BarackObama @MichelleObama
We #Love the #Love that you guys have for One Another.. Also ,the #Love you Both have for the People of this Country..  &  To ur Family
Resembles the foundation of a Mosque
Stupidity compares fashion to houses of worship. The Obamas are Christians and you can't do a thing about it. Deal with it.
MY FAVORITE LADY 
Hi Mum,Hope you are all fine,May God Bless You all,
Again only representation of young girls of color. What about all the other races? Why do you only represent those of color @MichelleObama
Why no diversity in your photos? The country is 70% white.
Micheal obama seriously you're a wonderful role model, I love you so much
Thank you, Michelle. We love you and miss you.  
Please come back. MichellObama to the whitehouse. We love u n we miss u n god bless.
I love when you subtweet Trump
and trump is the poster boy for honesty. Right....
Close to your heart? Or to your wallet? You are both FRAUDS
@NatUrbanLeague Oh ye of little faith. All this @SteveHarveyHQ like grinnin' an'a posin' for nothing. Much, anyway. #Complicit #Accomplice
Like the HBCU presidents, the Urban League was used for a shameless photo op. Wish folks wold stop falling for the 'few sheckles okey-doke.'
You are the real FLOTUS
They can end a program, but they can't end the vision behind it. We are with you!
so excellent...
I miss you Michelle.
And apparently, Islamism.
Thank you Michelle.  I truly LOVE you and your husband! Xo
So great having u as a mentor and doing similar things for girls!
What a phony this woman/man is
Niya
What's up with The the new first lady isn't it Unbecoming that she has said nothing implicated nothing does she even want to be the first ld
I truly am in fear for the children in the schools for the first thing to do is to undo everything that you have done 
Love you and your husband.
Nice
Thats inspiring
Mrs Obama,we sure miss you and Pesident Obama in the White House. I think they may have to tear it down after this POTUS.
I m proud of you..

such an awesome First Lady. Because of you I'm going into my third year providing scholarships to young women.

But Muslims don't believe in girls getting a higer education! After all, to a Muslim, any female of any age is nothing but property!

Honestly #michelleobamaforpresident
Fake person
Go to the forest with Billary
Michelle Obama doesn't like white people.
You talk an excellent talk...but you don't walk to walk.
You and Barack are really needed in the Trump-Caligula era!
So excited! You are my champions!
WHAT, TEACHING GIRLS SHARIAH LAW? NEEDS TO BE BANNED. WE ALL KNOW YOU AND DEMS SUPPORT IT. IT IS DEADLY..
What an Epic Failure! Manchelle should be hanging her head in Shame, the laughing stocks , posing as a woman , Losers!
You have made your country so proud. Thank you so much for being the inspiration you are to women everywhere
Bless you always, Mrs. Obama-best First Lady we ever knew-thank you for everything you've done & continue to do. As were so lucky to have u
The two of you tried to ruin the middle class & bring down America We are #MAGA with President Trump.  Go repair Chicago that you ruined smh
Awesome
Ah! the education of Muslim girls is really close to your heart. Wonder why 
lol "A Monument to Obama's Failures" - I love it!
Hotep,Blessing thank you for everything you doing Queen.
Love you First Lady Obama!
Thank you
She is always different
m'm i am your fan.bthow much posible  to meet you to share my problems
I had 1 date in H.S. because being a Neurosurgeon was more important.I became an RN,BSN instead,but accomplished my life's goal-GOOD HEALTH.
I'm so excited about the next chapter of your lives you and President Obama!! They us informed always, Linda
Education is not used for her to enter the workforce with men, the armed forces or police but a protector extrodinair
There very religion must return to it's intended use not to foster the traditions of men. The only way that can be done is when the tool
She is educated she knows how to make her boys fearless & her girls passionate To demand submission is to fear lost of power Men don't want
Education in itself can't keep fear alive. How & why can carm the doubts. Just because I'm educated doesn't give me the right to take over.
Not to fight for the right for women to be educated.As to how much it will empower men & their nation if women are educated.The why&who next
Reading writings & arithmetic are most wonderful. Why where and how to transform religious belief so men feel yes to this for their women.
Thank you! Miss You so so much! Lots of love to you and the fam Gorgeous Angel :)
And we continue to support you, @MichelleObama!
Queen
And genital mutilation
Chris Murphy is a joke in Connecticut. His father Scott Murphy runs Law Firm Shipman & Goodwin monopolizes 130 schools enabling segregation.
We all have your back. Pettiness doesn't give you fulfillment as righteous does. Keep that higher ground in sight
We miss you Mrs. Obama
Thanks to you and Pres Obama for continuing to do everything positive you can for America and the world!
@terri_georgia  We love you SO much!
All the best.
the artist's renderings look amazing! Let me know if you need a band. Hehe
I hope so! Please let us know if you decide to crowdfund to make up for what the current administration cut from girls' education!
She is the Formal First Lady and still Represents USA with love Decency and Class Melania can't even sit next to her cause she has no Class
I thought he was dead,really.
Pure Awesomeness
I really miss you and my President
Michelle...You are loved by all of us because you are a real human being....I live in Ottawa Canada and when I think of you ...I smile.
Thank you @MichelleObama and @BarackObama
Hope you earn boatloads of speaking fees to help finance all the good works to take place here. Can't wait to read your books
Thank you Madame First Lady.
My God we miss you and Pres Obama & your family!
when you started the garden, I was getting over cancer treatments. my garden helped me. we will stand with you always
O and M the next corrupt Clinton foundation that will take foreign donation and do anything they can to destroy America.
Sure, sorely needed and expected by thworld at large.
You're amazing
I LOVE YOU
True leaders! Thank you Barack and Michelle. We miss and love you so much
Thank you. You'll always be my favorite First Lady
the whole country misses you....
2020 president please 
Miss you, best First Family ever!
Surviving America by Lyn LeJeune https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00HKK71IC/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_dp_x_RLgczbRQCVW30 … … via @amazon #ObamaFoundation
You make me proud to be an American!
we love you so much, always
@ezlusztig 
Missing you both.
You really are an inspiration with everything you do.
Please run for President in 2020
Thank you for ALWAYS going High when they go Low.
Obama deserve a jail cell not a center
Thank  you for standing up for education!. An educated woman makes the world a better and safer place to live!
Yes Michelle Obama we the people  do  love you and hope that this trump care doesn't take from our kids or us.,
As it a poor  family  don't get  much help. I have cancer  and have  medicaid  and  have a hard time getting in  and out of bed .

Michelle you continue to be an inspiration for us all. Thank you
Yes indeed, if/when needs to be, You do go HIGHER with elegant swag when they go LOW.  Now that's a Whip Game for all 'em haters.
You both are still steps ahead of all your surrounding as always.I had faith, believed & now continue to see in you how hard work rewards U.
Flotus44 will get it done baby! *snaps fingers*
Amazing you don't try for boy's sports...considering what gender you were born as...................
Still The Only Frist Lady We Have.
The radiance of Michelle & Barack is essential in keeping America Great! Your legacy will live on forever, bless you in your endeavours 
You're wonderful and we miss you so much!
I really wish we could turn back the hand of times to get you and President Obama back #sograceful #FLOTUS
@BarackObama @Potus44 you are the BEST
THANK YOU!
Yep, you are going high alright!
Why did you leave us? We miss you! Please come back @MichelleObama
GETTING EVEN FATTER!!
History will remember you and President Obama as good people accomplishing great things.  Thank you for your love and help.
He can never stop you and your program FLOTUS!
ED like your erectile dysfunction? #MichaelObama #SOTUS
Will you also fight to stop women's genital  mutilation by your #muslim brothers? What did you do to help 300 girls captured in Nigeria?
Good luck to the best ever First Lady.
please come and help us to impeach this orange puppet.
You're the best.  He is #crackpot45.
Love U, Michelle!  Thank U for all UR doing. Miss the heck outtah you all! We fight! We prevail!!
Thank you! #LetGirlsLearn

God bless you ma'am
Moocher.
Girls that aren't white or native born.
Always... the Best...
WOW!
ummm?
https://www.yahoo.com/news/barack-obama-snorted-cocaine-considered-113610590.html …
Real class assclowns. Done nothing good for the people.
We love you and miss your moral leadership!
Yes, we already knew that Islam is close to your heart. No need for the reminder.
You are don't the First Lady we got one with class thank god
girls?boys?men?women are those titles even still applicable? those using terms bigots? don't want to offend "I feel peoples."
Someone needs to center the destructive forces of DON the CON The dems R impotent & TONE DEAF Must be the aging party
We are with you and will always give support as well to this most important cause. Thank you for all the good that you both continue to do.
Love it......you are the best that ever did it.
Yes, you can continue to champion girls' education in OTHER countries, that IS what you did while in he was in office.
Looking forward to empowering and educationing our girls with you! Let's Go
