Nothing like ripping off kids and their parents for a false hope. Guess now that @realDonaldTrump is in they might have a chance.
Necesito poder hablar con usted !! Soy chilena

Why is the only students you recognize are Black? Why not represent all the other races as well? Do they not exist in your racist world? 
Please help our education Afghanistan waiting of please come our country Afghanistan

HiI would love it if you took a moment to check out my GoFundMe campaign:
https://www.gofundme.com/nps4v-help-send-me-to-college?pc=expt_em_co_shareflow_m_89_2&rcid=r01-149939213011-e794612d39e745ad …

Your support would mean a lot to me.
Thank you @MichelleObama & @BarackObama for always making America feel safe. You are missed so much. We love you! God Bless your family 
We see more of these has beens now than when they were living in the WH. I suppose it was because they were busy jet setting on our dollar!
Miss you lots Nick on AGT! Tyra Banks is worthless. She contributes nothing to the show. Please consider returning!!!

#yourhusbandisthegreatdivider
She'll watch Beyonce show the back of her cameltoe and get scared of trump saying what he came to do what a hore
Anything for YOU! 
Notice it's just black students she's hugging just putting that out there #racismatitsfinest #thegreatcoupleofdivision

http://makingbigmoneyfast.com/?id=830 
https://www.reverbnation.com/tmoney72 
ENOUGH SAID
Keep up the good work
Salam
BLESS ME IM NOT HERE FOR POTUS PSSH IM HERE TO SAY MEN WILL DO THIS FOR ALL THERE LIVES AND NOT ACKNOWLEDGE ME OK MEN BYE
Thinking about tuition is gives me . We make too much money for pell grant and are searching tirelessly for scholarships #making a pilot
Yeah you lie a lot to.
Gm


Run for president
The Obama family only work w/famous musicians and actors not the average American. They have no idea the pain the caused our USA
We all admire both of you.Pray to God to give  both of you,a very long life. 
Dr.Piyush & Dr.Renu Jain, Lucknow
You should support all college kids not just black students!This whole white privileged rhetoric is racism,reckless and irresponsible
@MichelleObama Hello I am in need of help to raise money for my mom funeral Annie Robinson I set up a gofundme on Facebook betty gillis

How many were from the South Side?@BarackObama @MichelleObama
cant sing
Reach higher? It's the Democrats who have kept blacks poor and dependent upon the government!!!
Bonjour madame
Fake News

http://www.gofundme.com/3sxqtio  
Please help me stay in school. 
@BarackObama
You are an inspiration ! !
just love all he support is being received for the new College Grads.
You go girl!! Sad all GOP is trying to do is UNDO all the good you've done!!
LOL figues BLM bull crap  @real

“You could cancel briefings. You could do that.  Another choice would be to cancel lies.” https://twitter.com/sarrata/status/813226561373609984 …
White kids signed too.
Thank you First Lady you are not afraid to show humanity. You are still working. Keep up the great work. Look forward to Madame President.
Moving to Chicago- South side ?
I love those olden days, when life were simple...and things got done in Washington, without the drama. 
Happy Mother's Dayearly
We miss you so much
You think there loyalty to Obama it's nothing compared to what people will do for the Clintons! Even Obama
Husband
all you do Michelle is steal others oppurtnity over your bullshit empowerment stay away from my children my
I feel so happy for those students.  I wish me daughter can one day be the Dr she wants to be. But without $$ dont count her masters degree
@wxQUEBECcity @RealHughJackman @mang0ld @russellcrowe @IntlCrimCourt @FBI but the first lady don't know, when was such: a long ago!
Hi  you, you all cool x
I"m going to congress soon to testify. President Obama order investigation why some people used my identity to meet him in the WhiteHouse.

America,

to the streets you belong,…

Comey played with fire,

and got fired!…
You both are so very missed!! Such grace and class always, something the new guy could learn.
Obama : In Libia abbiamo sbagliato !
Obama, Napolitano e Sarkozy xke non  pagano i danni del traffico di esseri umani che parte da Libia?
i like YUO :)
@Sajesthetic
https://twitter.com/president_our/status/861453121251405824 …
Conference weather security card fema proof
Mrs Obama Thanks you.  Students  can fine a job in New York  and the north state but problem is the students  in south. Broad towns
Thank you Mrs. Obama and Mr. Cannon
White house tour? I just heard! It would be amazing to go there! Never been in America in a single but les just hope One day is1day meetingU

You are missed the world over as the First lady
Love You so much 
LOVES YOU GUYS...AND I AM ASKING ENCOURAGING AND INSPIRING PEOPLE.TO CONTINUE  THE SUPPORT..BEST WISHES IN ALL ENDEAVORS MOVING FORWARD
You are awesome!!

To France, I say kudos!

the voices of the majority reign,…
#I like that too
i want to be like you when I grow up..love u
@stenstromM so are we
You will always be our FIRST Lady! May many of our youth enjoy the gift of an education through your efforts. Bless you & your family!
Seeing you and President Obama continue your GOOD works is like a breath of fresh air! Keep it coming! We love you!!
Hi everyone I'm gonna leave this right here 

I vote for @BTS_twt for the Top Social Artist Award #BTSBBMAs
Michele help with the ACA is needed to save it!

You inspire so many young adults today First Lady. Thank you
#Goeducationforthenation
Our college signing day is May 11th at noon. Come join us @21stCharterGary. All 43 seniors commit to college. 6 have AD's, 1 has BA already
You are such a caring and passionate lady @MichelleObama
Love your passion for education for our youth and young adults!!!
@MichelleObama
Thanks for everything
Great work Michelle
Right On
國母，male showed a lot military powerful, we are lady becoming President Michelle how to controlled male ( just enrolled don't spending GOP)
Michele, No other news broadcast but Fox News at the FDA..ordered by Trump administration...can we let this happen?
I love you so much @MichelleObama you are a role model 
Will there ever be a First Lady like Michelle Obama ?
. My son score 1480 on his SAT. He is my heroe. He has Platelet bleeding disorder and Noonan Symdrome
Miss you
This is kenyan politely(humbly) wishing to contact you.+254705289370.
I vote BTS for TOP SOCIAL ARTIST at the BBMAs. #BTSBBMAs - seventy five

First time with BTS?
So cool. ...
Awesome


We miss you First Lady.
Bravo Madame. Vous êtes une grande dame et votre mari et vous-même avez apporté beaucoup aux américains.
antey this family newer lijien guns ther lijien
excellent!
Aunty could you say "hi"to me please!
I  respect all your works.
Let's support our First Lady's efforts for help more people go to College! Join the movement folks! #reachhigher IG page ReachHigher2020
Dear .@MichelleObama . #Ticvah needs help. She flew from Africa to America to be able to stay alive. Surgery is needed.Please assist. Thanks
antey newer think I'm ther my power retroncleshan se babu n cm neyar that guy gone
that guy kip hip tronceleshan varun tej guy kip mallavka rana family girl rana wife ranjita
ranjita mom antey me like com
Jenni ther antey
evil like ther varun tej guy dance think ther that guy neyar
00221776573461,
me antey
that guy same thing se  varun tej guy
Hi antey tab c
Thank you, Michelle! So lovely to see you here. Please keep posting and tweeting… We need you. Miss you and Barack so much. 
I am so proud of you Michelle Obama. You are going higher. What a beautiful strong woman you are. I hope I  can help you when i can
 @MichelleObama
We miss you. You were an amazing first lady and such an inspiration to young people.
Still doing great things!
God bless you all!  We miss you! 
@BarackObama  God Bless You All!  We truly miss you both as our President and First Lady
Pure class Mrs. Obama! I'm happy just to see you again. Thank you for all the good that you do. you are an angel to these kids.
Great Job Guys.

May the Lord Jesus Christ Bless You All....

BELLA
Together we will prevail!
