looks like a lot of tears. You are inspiring.
God, we miss you...God knows how much the American Citizens and all the people in this Country miss you and @BarackObama 
we love and miss you! Thank you for continuing to inspire and empower young women. You are such a wonderful role model!
in case you didn't know, you're the real MVP.  #InternationalWomensDay
Doo amazing. Wow check this out
We love & miss you, Mrs. O! Thanks for all the ceilings you & @HillaryClinton have broken for all the women around the world.
Phulease! Thank ordinary working women not these elites.
Again no representation of young women not of color. Why only represent those of color & Muslims? Why the obvious racism? Represent all
They're crying on for your lack of doing anything useful for women
in prosperity
Strong woman
Do you still think that Harvey Weinstein is a wonderful human being?
You are Love my FLOTUS!
NO diversity in the picture you posted though!
Nice
the beauty of what one is chosen to do one is not on the bases of your advocation yourself for diversity
Thank goodness you're gone, Chewbacca!
Mrs Obama you and President Obama and family are so missed Happy  Easter and God Bless you all!  #Somissed


Nice of you (NOT) to ignore the 2 ROTC students..NOT surprised.
Hahaha lol
I don't see any diversity there. Another lie? Shocking!
you're so amazing #InternationalWomensDay
Mrs @MichelleObama WhichOccupationDoes TheLawAllow prsns2 ManipulateDefraud&Laugh while covering up their intentional deceit w ConspiredLies
I will continue to pray that u and Barrack and ur girls have a great and safe life and thank u for everything you've done for the 8 years
Mrs. Obama I miss you and your husband being in the White House you guys were awesome you should've stayed there we miss you like crazy
I bet she wouldn't say the same if they were white 
https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/846163084708384768 …
Blessings to you and your family!
We miss you and your husband/President Barack Obama so much!
You are Beautiful http://youtu.be/0ocgFFr81m8  via @YouTube
I'm more impressed by you and your husband. Enjoy your day!
Can we get when of your tough looking #'s about the missing girls in DC?
Congratulations for all you do.May God continue to bless you!
Please visit my page an help Longfellow Elementary School and American Heart Association fight heart disease save Children
@LittleBitSTL
DIVERSITY? I only see black women.
Can you run for president? 
i miss you miss obama
nice shot mrs Obama
Happy St. Patrick's Day. God bless you  All your words are GOLD. Cheers to great American initiatives by you
AWESOME the young Ladies met #MichelleObama a Classy,Lovely&wonderful 1st Lady #InternationalWomensDay

We love   our diversity!

disgusting liar
eijift guy all radey se naag n rgv  n prp family my power selling thing ther
Diversity=no white people. LOL @CardozoEC
Good morning antey
my aim to give totally free education and stop children begging
man m sure if you help me all world's education will be free in next 5-10 years I have a brilliant idea for that
man I need your help for need poor children I am going to start free education  from 1St April with 100 students
Class left the White House when  the Obamas left You and your family are the epitome of good taste Trump is disgusting So sad
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR SHARING YOUR EVERYTHING. WE ALL HAVE SOMETHING TO GIVE (LOVE!) THANKS
A LADY OF GRACE, LOVING, A WOMAN, STRONGE. WILLINGNESS. A WOMAN! SIDE BY SIDE WITH HER HUSBAND CARED ABOUT OTHERS.
I read  "extraordinary girls" and saw those 2 beautiful poodles on the header and thought.. yeah they are awesome.
You make me proud!
We miss you both immensely!
international  gold diggers women's day









Good morning antey newar giving Hollywood offer ene one guy also preying think ther oll radey preying
my internnit blocking prp family to day ther internnit
she hugs in this photo only her own kind. It Would have been nice to see Diversity, don't you think Michelle?
America,doesn't miss a racist woman, that used to wake up every morning in a house built by slaves,dividing it!
t susu duddy susu susu due a dry eye usury fury titi ft TT I wye y h duck Fifi if I r e RR Dr a k cm CBCsandeepok
please come back to us =(
Not much diversity showing here
You are so beautiful, smart and so more. I, we miss you being our first Lady , so much. Love you and be blessed
idk seems racist to me
I like that you are the former First Lady
wow
mira belkis sorda ayudme tarbajado por favor
How can one support racism? It needs to be eradicated. To accomplish this we must push M. Obama out of all media.
Recall how U introduced ur husband the first time? Shouting "HERE'S MY BABY DADDY". How can U think that's ok?
I didn't see diversity? That would mean others Chinese Hispanic European u know what I mean so many in world
To make it a surprise like that, is awesome.
Hint: Barack would make a fantastic 1st Husband.
@CardozoE WE ARE UNDER A UGLY STORM BUT PLEASE SAY SOMETHING OF THE 20 MILLION DIEING FROM FAMINE.PLESSE
ag#toyr
Ma'am your speeches and dignity has so often filled my eyes with tears and joy! Luv from India
It's unfortunate that you are biologically a man!
@Tudorican your beautiful @BarackObama #BarackObama bead art beanie is ready music by @llcoolj @eddievanhalen 
You're an amazing role model for us all!
God, I miss you and Barack. You two were the grace, common sense and strength of this nation.  Be happy!
How is ofa & etc doing in ploting/ treason business? Any big donations to organize riots yet?
LOL, now the word DIVERSITY means ALL BLACK----cut the crap.
naag neyar one girl ther that girl neyar my lijieng powar n my powar ther newar giving think ther antey
cm sun antey n rgv preying this is
Good morning Mr/Miss MichelleObama n family every one good morning
Diversity is all black?  Good to see you associating with the lowest common denominator.  #roots
miss you 
miss you First Lady!
miss you so much
THANKU for continuing to work on our very important cause.
So impressed with you!
keep working with love dear dirst lady, God bless you.
you are missed! And I'm a Kiwi living in the UAE!
thank you Michelle! You've done so much for us women.a great Club to be in with a great leader
so she couldn't say the word BLACK or use the power of her office to help BLACK but she can hug them now.So Wrong
would do anything to have you back!!
Hi please take a look at PrincessD Menstrusl Cup http://www.princessdmenstrualcup.com 
you need to go away
You are a loving and caring person Michelle.  Your beauty starts deep inside and widens to those around you!!!
Thank you
BEST FLOTUS EVER! WE MISS YOU!
Thank you for all you've done for America...
now THAT'S a first lady. :)
We love you.
Love & miss you, Mrs Obama! I hope to be able to meet you someday! But until then, you continue to inspire! 
you are a great lady and I think a lot of you I always wanted to met you
Miss you and Pres. Obama in the WH!! From one 'South Sider' to another, thank you for your service & integrity! 
LOVE YOU SO MUCH -- !! <3 nice to see you're out and about Tell Barrack Hello - all the People who love you - miss you so much !!!
awesome!
according to one of the organizers the purpose was to foster the distribution of wealth not heads of companies????
.@MichelleObama @CardozoEC This is so important. Girls need to see more female role models to #redrawthebalance
So Inspiring this is Beautiful! Such Strong Women!
