Does that include my white ancestors that never owned slaves and fought to abolish slavery?
yet, students in college today want to bring this back, sad
the abandonment of #FreeSpeech will lead to all sort of evils
WTF is this? Race baiter.
LOL   what does that even mean?
for sure
Never.
colored and uncolored
photo made me cry.
No race, no color.... that's part of Barack's legal paperwork (international).... you should always stay colorblind....
Coloured only those enjoyed it, how did sleep at night with the worst human segregation


Would you be upset if we had a White History Month?
Legacy was spew Hate, complained she was black, wishing she was a woman... divided USA... it will bite you back
The best first lady of the United States, as we would like that in Honduras, I hope one day I will answer the first lady Michelle Obama ...
halo lady talk to ur husband he must come to South Africa to talk with zuma to drop the nuclear deal please
Yeah go n stay there!!!
#StillMyFirstLady
the only white and colour should be the laundry choice.
The Flouride and Chemtrails are working. All these tweets prove it.
When is Red, White and Brown history month?
Never let them forget to remember racism. Keep it going. Division forever.
The word "Colored" meant was negative. Now it means colorful, beautiful and diverse.
we'll never forget, what you two did to US the last 8 years.   Miss your husband and you!  #realPOTUS & #realFLOTUS
too bad your not one of them
2 r eioiuu u8
In which you are a great part of. THANK YOU!
First Lady Michelle how do you and POTUS Obama feel about Trump and his clueless cone heads being president for our country
it was an honor to have you as First Lady! You are a woman I hope my daughter will emulate!
hii
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. speech, We Shall Overcome posted on my FB page to give me and others courage,
Just like your lie.  Slaves didn't build the white house.  A contractor was hired and a few "slaves" were paid to help!
u are so inspirational I call my friend in the uk who reminds me of you my michelle obama amazing lady
Those signs take me too far back. Thankful that our childen can know about the leaders who gave so much.
@itawambadems We miss you First Lady!
hey michelle how was your break with barack , hope your all well , we believe in you and always will and were in uk xx
non BBC BC BC BC BC us us ye truth e RU susu euro r RR r Dr we t EU EU eye a e Dr we t ft or furry e RR are r Drury EUsandeep
Very powerful pic. Your speeches are always so inspirational and uplifting. Thank you for 8 years of class.
Race Bait, complained poor black.. what about Irish slaves before black slaves... spew your Hate n Division
Yes! Thank God for The Republican party!
What??? This Way Of Life Is Not Nothing like a Dream u can't relate black spirituality towards white supremacy... this Land is Not America
run for office. We love you
I remember seeing segregation signs as a child. This is not the kind of America to which I want to return.
Don't buy kinder, gentler, sugary act. It's a long con. Eldridge Cleaver in a skirt. SJW at Harvard; snarling booster of HRC.
Your husband seems to think he's STILL president according to his twitter bio??  I think he means" FORMER PRESIDENT"
and I you. Miss you SO MUCH as our FLOTUS. You are the,BEST
Oh how we miss knowing you are in the WHITE HOUSE. AND i AM CANADIAN. YOU ARE SO LOVELY AND CARING,
No legacy for Obama.
miss you
we love you i wish you could come to my school
@HassanPRG
I wish you and 44 peace, love, health and blessings.  I wish more of us have made you two proud
@foxnation @VP @Lucieiswild you and your racial stuff. How long ! U were First Lady Is that racist
You are a racist!
would you please consider running for president in 2020 - it would make so many people happy and full of hope. #michelle2020
Please come back! I have $66.80 that you & The Hubs can split between ya if you JUST COME BACK. We miss y'all so damn much! 
You started tweeting and masking what you knew would happen. You can not fool Americans anymore
we miss you Michelle. Please run!!!!
stand for us in 2020
i admire you
stop dividing us "Michael". yes we know you are not a woman.
Honoring black history.

my bae
I would love to interview you for a book I am writing on "Black women."
Thank you for being a beautiful Black woman.
Thank you First Lady @MichelleObama - you were one in eternity! #ForeverFirstLady
I hope you had a wonderful vacation.  Welcome home.  We missed you like crazy!
I feel really bad that I never knew it was happening during my years in grade school. I still can't get why you were slighted
Miss you SO much!
. We really miss you guys please please come back.
Hello próxima presidenta de los estados unidos de norte América
Two Qs pls
@MichelleObama @DKayeCartwright:
-Who/What're 'blacks' of black history?
-What 'honor' anti-African racist Eurocentric 'hat'/wig?
Two points pls
@MichelleObama @DKayeCartwright:
- "white"s colour too
What mental-msg to child by anti-African racist Eurocentric 'hat'/wig?
u betray blk kids by oppos school choice. Your girls went to private schools but not  other black kids. Why?
Thank you Michelle... Oh btw... Thank my man too!
miss you!
Welcome back!
Thank You First Lady , Thank  You President Obama you two are the best ever.
We freed you over 150 years ago. So get over it.
was so proud my kindergarten boy brought back rosa parks knowledge from school today! REAL knowledge. #sonecessary these days
we love you

I Miss You SO Much. Well I guess I'll see you on the food network channel 
A true FLOTUS and patriot. We miss you and your family. Thanks for all you have done and will do in the future.
you made it mam
You will always be our First Lady and @BarackObama Our President! Lotus 
Always the First Lady!!!!!!!
I just want to say thank you. It was an honor having you and Mr. Obama serving us as President and First Lady. Love you two.
hola tu sabe  yo tarbaja tu como ayudime no tarbaja cada mi sorda
I miss you  and your great outlook #best First Lady
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
WE MISS YOU michelle
I support!!!!
visited South in 1963 and was horrified. It has had a lasting effect on me forever. How could this happen 
@TRSaint your girl
Go away.  Never in history has the Former Pres and his wife tried so hard to keep the attention on themselves
Thanks, Michelle!
Michelle Obama 2020 
We Love U!!! #MichelleRunningForPresident
We won't ever forget We miss you so 
So inspiring
LOVE  & HOPE is The Key 
I Love And Miss You Guys So Much 
We miss you and President Obama.
You are such an intelligent, wonderful woman - love you! 
wish we got your photo that we took @WNYUNIONSQUARE #flotus
please run for the president of the united states of america in 2020 we need you.
please run for president in 2020 michelle
about how the civilisation in USA islike today if the black man stay in africa
هل يمكن انكا ردور السود و مشاركتهم  في اقامة الحضارة التي وصلت اليها الو م أ حتى يعيشوا هدا التمييز العنصري البغيض
missing you and your courageous family day-by-day. We'll keep resisting 
Thank you.
#respect
My dad was a physician & mom was volunteer for community & a seamtress for us twin girls.Doria cooked everything from scratch
We grew up w/ a black housekeeper whom worked very hard.Raised us 4 kids & we took in abandoned boy.Doria had 7 kids & a sm.
My twin sister, & we are 61 yrs young,does remember these signs.She was a social work and government dual major & into com or
@redmcgraw1       You'd be a great president
@doneill241   Love You MICHELLE!!!!!
as we will@never forget your family
both of you are sorely missed.
you should have run for president you would have won hands down
L'amour de Canada. We love you Mrs. @MichelleObama
@BarackObama Thank you for making America GREAT. Can you please help us rid the country of this fascist Trump
You always gotta make everything about race. Please, get over it. You always act like whites are bad when that is so untrue.
We miss you!!
thank you.
shouldn't that read, We'll never forget. We'll never stop....
Thank you Madame First Lady!
I miss you! There will never be another First Family like yours. Thank you for everything.
Her underbite seems more extreme than usual.
So true...we need more people that help bring change today so that we can have a beautiful future where we all just live life
how can we ever forget your class, your beauty , your charm. Thank you for making a real.
thx for all your work.  And thx for your honesty (always) but particularly at inauguration.
you are a light in these dark times.
I spent most of my life not voting you and BARACK changed that. You gave us all hope that the world would be a better place!!
Love you.
I sooo wish you and President Obama. He wore the title of POTUS with respect, class, honor, and capability.
"Bravo"!
RT @usedgov ʺEducation is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.ʺ ~ George Washington Carver
Our first and only FLOTUS
we will never forget FLOUS! My dream is: Michelle Obama 2020
