OMG the Floof is Strong with these pups! 
Sunny and Bo are such fine beasties! :D
Who walks them while you jet around w billionnaires shaming conservative women? I don't know a single one taking marching orders from A MAN
We love you and our country misses you!!!
Ur dogs r adorable.
I wish
Good morning to the people who I can honestly say changed my life for the better. You are truly missed
I LOVE THESE DOGS..I AM LOOKING TO GET (2). WHAT ARE THE BREEDS AGAIN IF YOU WILL.MISS YOU AND BRO. BARACK.LOOKING FORWARD TO SUPPORTING YOU
You love dogs, but not just any dog, because mutts aren't dogs, only hypoallergenic dogs are  worthy of being around you. Hypocrite.
Oh my they have you on a leash Michelle!!! Right where you belong
Arf arf xxx
your dogs are so cool
sweet pups!
We miss you sooo much!!!
OMG. Those cute wittle puppy tosies!
Listen to Tradin War Stories by Joze Roque #np on #SoundCloud
I thought their daughters were taller than that
hope you like my amazing bead art beanie I designed of @BarackObama handmade in NC
and I thought I was artsy! Where can I get one? No seriously, I want one. I'll pay
thank you so much for the kind words I have all these colors. One is $30 if you get two or more $25 each shipping is free in 
and you have a teal blue color to boot! My day just got even better! I'll DM you for details
ok thank you very much! 
Fascinated with your pets? visit http://petscinations.com 
Please invite me to your next event in California.
hi mom happy first day of spring; i miss you!!
lady you're sick! #Obama is NOT your mama!
lololololololol you're a fucking moron
uh huh. At least I know that my parents are NOT the #Obamas. I think the ability to identify your own mother marks intelligence
but but but but but but but Michelle and I share the same birthday isn't that how parents are made??!
SURE. Why not? This isn't grade school biology class and I don't need to waste my time explaining the birds & the bees. Ask mom
Oh how we miss you all !


hhhhhhh
It's so great to see you and the pooches having a "normal" life. It's bittersweet, because the US needs you two, but you deserve the break.
Love Bo and Sunny 
Love you classy First Lady
Thank you.
Moo
aww! Happy Spring!
We miss you, we love you, we respect you...You are our FLOTUS!
that is extremely creepy...put this guy on a watchlist now
Ben is a deplorable. Check his tweets
I miss seeing those dogs
I miss seeing our First Family... 
then it's great that you now have a NEW First Family! Bigger, better, & who ACTUALLY cares about the country!
we miss you SO MUCH!!!
Good Morning anitey n family members every one
Hello Real First Lady.
count me in as a volunteer to help you make your next bold move!  Put me on an email list of supporters and volunteers
queen of walking her dogs
miss ALL of you !! i hope b/s have space to romp. such good dogs 
how are they coping with the manicured lawn

They're looking like, when are we going back to the White House?
@pmm526 everyone has a spring in their step after today! 
awwww!  Hi guys!  Tell Mom and Dad to move back to 1600 Penn!!
Hugs to you all. Boy do we miss you!
SO CUTE!
come back!
YAY you are back!!!
@IcanHearUnowOK they're beautiful, like you.
How do they like their new digs? Miss you x
come back
So sweet!  Needless to say... I miss my First Lady. Hope you smile more these days!
happy  spring,  classy lady
miss you guys 
you and your family 
miss you and your husband you made me feel safe now so scared
indeed you in help me
the one on the left is a dog or sheep?
The one tweeting now is an old mule or a horses ass?
our little boy put a picture of the #Obamadogs on the bathroom wall on his #blacksuperhero board.
Miss every one of you. 
They are adorable...care free, love everyone...if only humans could learn this lesson....What a world we could have....
you have done so much for the people in US..children will benefit from your work. thank you for the hard work you did.

an illusive expecto indeed, thought a man and a woman standing besides the pet
@lexieniko
Miss you sooo much..We Love you and your family always #HappySpring..Don't invite #EllenDeGeneres She's crazy.
Welcome back to DC!
those are beautiful babies!
WE LOVE YOU ALL!!!!!!!!!!
I love your dogs
awesome wonderful Blessed! God bless you and your families
they are so cute we miss all of you guys
@rtoot20 these dogs slap
come back 
I love you Michelle Obama <3
, you know who is moving? Brad and his wife because she was fired after 11 years. @CrackerBarrel #justiceforbradswife
JUSTICE FOR THIS FAMILY!!!
Just wanted to come by and say that you will forever be my family's FLOTUS! You are missed more than words can ever describe!
Come back, Michelle!!
plz come back
We miss you and Barack so much!  Xoxo
there so cute have nice day.
come back please mom
So adorable!
beautiful day in the UK on my way to meet a friend in London
you and your husband are the BEST
you are the real Queen B...no offense B....just saying....Love you and miss your presence and intellect.
We MISS you, Michelle! We seriously miss sanity in the White House! Hope you enjoyed :-) #WeMissOurFLOTUS
Happy Spring
Hi! When will we see you again? Going on @jimmyfallon any time soon?
Beautiful!  Miss you!
GM Mrs @MichelleObama
How is it possible2 visibly deceive &defraud 62million +ppl 4 a decade +yrs& cover it up w conspired intentional lies
we miss you!
Oh! *Thank you* for sharing this pic of the dear dogs. And a great reminder to get - and keep - moving forward! Happy Spring!
I shall finish u!!!
Miss all of you guys, we love you 
We miss you and President @BarackObama ! Please come back and rescue us!
I sure hope you enjoyed this first day of spring
they are two beautiful dogs and I am sure great companions.  Hope whole family is well rested
getting ready for the weather enjoy your walks.
portie perfection.  We had a nice evening walk as well.
Teşekkür ederim tatlım... Sanırım baharım sizler kokacaksınız!
Çok teşekkür ederim.
Ya'll out here walking dogs in DC like regular people?!
hello antey
I miss you so much!
what type of dogs ?
let's do soul cycle together! Or better yet, local women owned off road on U Street
@BarackObama Man we miss the Obamas running the country, it's just not the same
miss you all. Glad you are enjoying life. 
Thank you for this recent pic of Bo and Sunny, been wondering about them.  So cute!  
I walked my dog too this morning, was wet and windy here in London but fresh and invigorating. Spring feels good :)
we miss you love those dogs
I grabbed two friends for a walk today also!! 
@MichelleObama (love you&miss you)
hi Mrs Obama Happyfirstdayofspring. I miss your tweets have a nice walk with the dogs love you 
They are so cute! I miss having you, Bo and Sunny in the WH!
they are two beautiful dogs!!
So, I'm sitting here watching "By the People" and all I can think of is, man, I miss you guys:'( I'd do ANYTHING 2 see u as next Prez!
come back America needs you!
omg they are so adorable!
Guess American tax dollars paid for those high bred dogs and their vet bills.
What  gorgeous dogs
I miss you!

@tinkerbelledc @MichelleObama miss PBO & our beautiful smart first lady Mrs Obama. America went from grace under PBO to this
i miss you


Obama who?
 those two are the best kind of friends! Think of you and PBO often.
Heeey Forever FLOTUS!  Thanks For giving us a HOLLA!!!  #2MonthsAndStillMissYall 
MISS Michelle Obama
so cute. miss you @MichelleObama
hello First Lady, I've been joyfully bouncing around all day. I miss you and my President. Be blessed.
hope they are adjusting to the new house.
Im now up to walking 6 miles every other day!
We miss you! Hope you are enjoying your well-deserved vacation.

I've never seen such beautiful, cute and small dire wolves south of the wall.
Adorable!!
Please come back. Please?
too precious
@ValerieJarrett Missed hearing from you Michelle
OMG I miss these dogs and you so much
I bet those 2 creatures enjoy a better life than the kids in Syria &Libya. Thanks to your war monger husband
I remember how much you missed open windows. But please run for President!!!
卍
WE NEED YOU ALL BACK ASAP!!  @Sugarwater802
I miss you
Miss seeing you guys in the White House!
invented exercising
such beautiful dogs
I'm Canadian and I miss you and @BarackObama ! I can only imagine how most Americans feel 
will do! 
you are fabulous and I miss your intelligence and grace!
@greta just when I thought I had seen the last of her.
SsssOOOOOOO cut. J'adore les pâtes blanches....merci 
@BarackObama I hope it's a sign of the feelings of the whole Obama family 
was my birthday. Yesterday. I know. I get a happy birthday. Say it too you four and more...Good young man.
Miss you and Pres. Obama!
I even miss G W Bush and Bill Clinton!
Trump.........  
Hi Michelle :) I considered going for a walk, but I'm still not 100% from a stomach bug I had yesterday. I hope you're well.
oh how adorable!!
I miss Sunny, Bo, and all the Obama classy family.
@SimplyKay22 
Greetings from England! Still cold and wintry here! Looking forward to sunshine soon xxx
Love from Germany. We too miss you and your family. Each and every day.
we miss you and we love you!!
newar giving antey
happy 1st day of spring, we miss you guys!
God bless you Mrs. Obama. Sur wish your family was still in the White House.
love u!!!  Enjoy the day
awww
I miss Bo & Sunny  
come back PPPPLLLEEEAAASSSEEE
Spring back to the WH!!
Find a cave for you and these two and take BarryO with you
*get moving
We miss u.
So nice to see them! You can come back now, please.
Run those dogs!
I think we are all moving and packing now that ya'll left--we miss you! Xoxo!
Majestic!
