Get some rest...and hurry back. We'll be waiting for you. #ThankYouObamas for your grace, compassion & dignity
Miss you already
Have a wonderful break!  Looking forward your future endeavors!  Rolling up my sleeves to help!
thank you for your service. You will be greatly missed. Enjoy your well deserved break w @BarackObama thank you for 8 years.

well earned. I look forward to working with you.
please say you're going to run for President in 2020...PLEEEEEAAAASSSE! #ObamaForever
Thank you for being in the White House with so much grace and always remaining lovely and inspiring.
This mean you'll be running in 2020?!!! Oh, pretty, pretty please!!!!!
The world will miss you and your husband so much.  Thank you for the eight years.
sleep in a little, ok!
you are an honor to the country.
You deserve a break. Thank you.
@MichelleObama enjoy your vacation! You deserve it! 
Farewell and thank you for what you do and stand for women and their rights. Best of wishes!
go recharge and be back maam.
Thank you so much for caring about our children and sharing your wonderful family with ours!
We love you, Michelle!
.@MichelleObama Hope to see you at the #Inauguration in 3 years 11 months 30 days 18 hours and 9 minutes. #Obama2020
" WILL BE BACK BEFORE YOU KNOW IT " You gone run ? 
Thank you! You and your family are amazing!! 
Thank You! You are Missed TREMENDOUSLY...what you did for this country is unmatched...Tears we Miss You!!
thank you so much for everything you've done. enjoy your break -- you most definitely deserve it!
I already miss you 
I am heartbroken ... I feel like the country is lost within 48 hours
Love you, your husband, and your family Michelle, it was a great 8 years, you'll be so missed!
Good. That'll give you time to have your #PenisCutOff.
i love you mom
you are an amazing woman- I'll make sure you are an inspiration to my two young daughters. Good luck in your future life!
Thank you. And, have some fun for awhile.
love you.. from Italy
enjoy your vacations, you and your lovely husband deserve it 
Enjoy! You deserve it! Love you!
please run in 2020 
maybe it's not about what they deserve but what they need. maybe in 4 years they will know better
LOL the batman quote. Perfectly matching Trump's Bane Quote
thank you so much!
I'm really going miss seeing you and Barack in the White House.  I'm so sad today.
Come to Canada, we can watch chick flicks...
And the girls can come too. Sasha and Malia! They can come for movie night too!
I miss you already.
ummm you can't go
Please don't leave us here with these idiots @MichelleObama @VoteNo2Trump
thanks for being outstanding. #PhenomenalWoman. Simply inspirational
We miss you! You have no idea how much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@ecm_242 . Break.
forever in our heart's.....
..I love the hope and true expression of love from Michelle and her hubby..#relationshipgoals #love4real 
amen to that......
Seriously?
I despise America's wars in the Middle East.  #GeorgeWBush should be in prison.  #War Criminal.
Yeah Right!>"Completed?"
I have a heart condition at 31, I may not make it to 2020, this is alot to ask of you, can you please Run for President!!!
thank you for your hard work and for being a perfect example of a strong and classy woman. 
I know you won't forget people Mrs. obama
You deserve it. While your away , sneak this on hubby while he's napping and take a few years off 
Hope you are enjoying your time post-White House. Just wanted to shout out some love 2 tell you America misses you. We still need you & B <3
Thanks to you and your husband for your support of the Women's March and for pretending we don't exist these last weeks.
Thank you for giving us 8 years of normalcy. Your intelligence, graciousness, genuine caring is a true role model for children of tomorrow
have a good rest! Signing off from SG
You have 8 years the world beautified, that creates so fast no more, i will miss her!  -Tom from 
We already miss u n Barack terribly! Don't b gone 2 long We need 2 know how 2 fight bk n u 2 always knew the rite thing 2 do
@Kay_in_the_UK 
I'll miss you more then your spouse! Mrs Obama, brought class, dignity, and respect to the White House. Great role model!
you will be missed. Your a wonderful lady. Thank you for all you have done.
no thanks
I miss you already
tell us what to do now we all look up to you and admire you you are a wise woman how do we fight Trump back
Merecido descanso
come back soon
THANK YOU!!! You've given all so much hope with this 1 simple message! WE LOVE YOU! 
when they go low, go lower. Tell the TRUTH!!!get some real journalists in and give interviews. Time is running out!!!!
LOVVVVVE YOU! #ForeverMyFLOTUS
please don't!
We'll miss you
Can you please hurry, because things are about to get really bad.  #NoBanNoWall #NoDAPL #climatechange #ScienceMarch
time for you to run for president...
#1stClass We love you first Lady

just go away
no matter what happens in office, they can't erase what is in our minds.  Thank you for giving all of us a foundation.
please help us. You cared so much about our kids.#noDevos
you have no idea how you are already missed. I can't believe this has really happened. I cant stop crying. I feel hopeless.
Thanks for the stagnant 8 years.
we love you. Globally and domestically, thank you.
Família exemplar 
Casal exemplar 
<3
I'm in U.K .. I want you to "retrieve your place" in the White House in 4 yrs xx Trump time ... short lived I fancy .
vous et votre mari avait mérité un peu de vacances paisibles ,merci pour tout ce que vous avez accompli  MERCI !
Thank you!!!
You SO deserve rest!  You gave it all.  ♡
Michelle Obama 2020!
thank you for showing us the true meaning of caring. We love you.
Thanks. In the meantime, take your break. It's been a pleasure having you as First Lady.
love you and President Obama and your family . Miss you already 
Thank you to the classiest, sassiest First Lady EVER. Enjoy your free time, girlfriend 
an inspiration to all of us !
Have fun....relaaaax. Canada misses you already
#StopPresidentBannon
i so miss your grace, class, and empathy. I love forward to following your next endeavor.

here to help. If you need graphic designers, let it be known.
Thank you ma'am for all your great service!
God bless you! Lord knows we need your help.
((((((((Hugs)))))))) from a greatful American.
You will truly be missed  #youarestillmyfirstlady #legendary
you served well and deserve a rest looking forward to your return. We love you.
you must be so proud of the turnout today!! I sure am! You all are missed already. Rest up, we still need your leadership!
you are the best You will be remembered you made history Not sure if we gonna see another First Lady like u or p like Barack
you are an amazing woman! We will miss you, but hope you'll consider running for POTUS in the future! Mad respect!!!
thank you for all you've done!  Rest up.  We'll be waiting for your return.  Enjoy your family!
We miss you so much. The Whitehouse and POTUS has been a daily nightmare.
Don't kid. I don't have the heart stamina for joking.  ;-)
have a wonderful break. You deserve it...but we still need you.
going to really really miss you n POTUS44
thank you, thank you, thank you!
Former President Obama is reportedly masterminding a massive underground campaign to sabotage President Trump. disavow it
Fired up and we'll be waiting.
You will always be the first lady.
no u won't.
#gRuhf shape #gDubBeans
HELP!!!
thank you and your husband so much for all you have donefor our country♡
we are looking forward to that. Rest up so you can hit the ground running. Millions will be right there with you!
Thanks for the great work.
You are all class, all the way. I miss you terribly already. I hope you are sleeping late and enjoying your family! Love you!
4 years from now it's your turn to lead the country. I truly believe the people will follow you. 
#MOBAMA2020
America miss you more than ever !!!!!
@official_barak We love you.
mucha gente en España espera verte en la Casa Blanca dentro de 4 años! Ve a por ello!
Many people in Spain expect to see you at the White House in four years. Go for it!
Thank you for being an amazing First Lady.  I will support what you are planning next.  I know it's going to be amazing.
#Michelle2020 #michelle4potus
Dear First Lady, Michelle: we need Barack now. He's smarter than DT (understatement). He'll know how to fix this. Please help
i think the world is missing The Obamas. Sigh*
Nice people, nice attitude, nice family.....missed dearly and I live in the UK not USA
you deserve a break after the great job you did. Thank you again.
Help us!! Hurry back the fool who's in the Oval Of is a crazy man.That swamp he talked about is his cabinet!! We're n trouble
You always spoke some sense mum whenever you adressed people.
You are my role model.
Hurry plz hurry !
female black President ...
we love you and your family so much! So proud of you all! My heart breaks  daily that you are not in the Whitehouse! 
Thank u so much!!!!! Stay #BLESSED I love U #FLOTUS!!!!
You will be greatly missed. Thank you for being a positive role model and an inspiration to so many young girls and women! 

like what spying? You going  high ?
I am outside of USA and living in Korea now, but I do appreciate you and my forever president Mr. Obama for your hard work.
Thank you @MichelleObama. You belong on the Mt. Rushmore of FLOTUS. Class, grace, brilliance, beauty. Godspeed to you in your next chapter!
TY for fighting for us when we need you most! Your character, strength & integrity is the beacon that can light the way! LU!
We hope to spotlight being a Citizen of these united states of America
come back
i love u so much my Capricorn queen
Morning Mr n miss Michelleobama
Such a classy lady!
Thanks so much for your service to our country. It's obvious that you truly care about people. Best wishes for the future!  
You and your husband are the light in these dark times. Thank you 
we miss you!
Absolutely adore you guys, now and forever! #WeLoveTheObamas
HELP US!!!!
We miss you!  Come back!
Miss you
i miss you guys
Watch this video and then malign Melania.  God help her.
when y'all coming back!!!  We need you.  Please
please just be a private citizen. No need to push your work down our throats. Be still. It will look good on you.
thank you!  For everything!  You gave us 8 years of respite!  Oh well, back to the dumpster.
Our hearts are broken but we realize it is time to move forward positively.
yes please
RUN FOR PRESIDENT U HAVE A HUGE VOICE N SPEAK VERY WELL AND I BELIEVE U WILL DEFEAT TRUMP!!   Do it U HAVE MY SUPPORT.
FLOTUS... YES you will always be FLOTUS... rest up, we need you to help us keep fighting...
WE MISS YOU GUYS ALREADY!!! THANK YOU AND PRESIDENT OBAMA FOR A GREAT 8 YEARS!!! YOU WILL ALWAYS ME MY FLOTUS!!!
Please! As we need u now more than ever. So many of us r afraid & we don't know who 2 turn 2. Shine your light, lead the way!
I can't wait for President Trump to have a  joint Press Conference with DHS agent Philip Haney,an American hero.
trying to build a business.  Working hard.
- you deserve it.  Your whole family went through so much for us. You were great for America. Have fun!

#Obama #America 
thanks for everything!!!
thanks for your extraordinary sense of humor and for always being with your country .
REALY I UNDERSTAND.
Watching all the video's of yesterdays marches is giving me HOPE. I wish u could hear what us left behind r saying & feeling.
miss you already! Thank you so much...you made us proud!
you more than earned a break.  I hope you are enjoying to the max.
thank you for being you and sharing yourself with the rest of us. You are a class act!
Welcome Back to civilization. I am happy to live in a time of history blessed by you and Barack's influence
Mrs. Obama you and President Obama deserve a break. I was blessed to take a few photos. You truly did your best. Blessings!
