Ummm pretty sure students have been attending college for a long long time.  Didn't you attend college?
Beating the odds?? Oh right u left this country nearly bankrupt thank u god for our Great Pres Trump who brings hope change & wealth back
or r u referring to Asians who get docked 50 points on SAT scores?
: MICHELLE;
YOU & BARACK WILL FOREVER BE MY FIRST FAMILY!♡ THANKS FOR ALL THAT YOU DO AND HAVE DONE!!☆

Love,
Christofa
Barf
Why you don't follow anyone of the students.Are you Proud of they or you think they dont means anything.
Are you referring to the odds of black students who receive 240 bonus points on SAT scores to meet diversity req's ?
No one cares now that he called jerry Jones a plantation owner. I thought he wanted equality looks like he wants special treatment #StarWars
You mean blasting thru the soft racism of low expectations and fatherless homes to make it? How many times did u speak of these issues?
HEY KELLY ROWLAND BYE WOMEN YOU DID THE SAME SHIT BYE TWICE OVER BYE
Thank you @MichelleObama & @RealMikeWilbon for bringing a little ray of sunshine into our sad, sad world.
What you mean is get indoctrinated.
The odds of YOUR AGENDA TO BR I NG HATE WHERE TO THERE IS GODLY LOVE Between RACES. BUT U HATE IT. U HATE EVERYTHING BC U WILL NEVER BE REAL
I @MichelleObama @RealMikeWilbon
Merci Michelle
fine !
Disgusting...affirmative action destroyed a once strong education system. Now universities hand degrees to lazy welfare entitled fuckwits.
Shut it.
I know only really dumb people fall for the Obama doctrine which is con con & more con they gross me out
I love our Great Pres Trump
BLESS ME SHE AINT USING THE BATHROOM HOLLAR AND SAY STACIA IM LEAVING SOON BYE
Is the open society paying for any of this?
Stay in Indonesia for good
Where else can we dems better indoctrinate you.
Indoctrination in its finest
you mean all the black students right?
https://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.gofundme.com%2Frosalynn-mcginnis-9-kids%3Fpc%3Dfb_co_dashboard_w%26rcid%3Dr01-150411776977-62f57bac67664d79&h=ATNufjk3u1hlU02RH2JjftWrwefduRBiN_Nopo-VfQ3XPx2a5mjJtlAZDWVEdMJuXjxDBkIWBgtkrcPqsq_zO7CTFgttOPghgjXBnYEVvVEeI7-d2n8tH7bhgpodoRzIZzLUrfA0PWDUJc6-8G5OdKFS&enc=AZMo-2rYbVXfZWInba3egkS0GFySnlxSGYprQai5Qx23vO2r_FilN3RRAsmlLmC1E5CD7U9acIu2lZMmVuBkE6uNpstdFGE73Fr4yslxqNsH1w8t39GFTrk6YyWrr_m9Fd0TmNscSdhOlj8WGE8-TwB8P6V24D0faEHbN62KRXFy5EXc8Tz8LEAZHBfvDtTb9TIgeoGmez8GpGUQxwzOGMH5Yomr1v5j5-wSGRNwEY8waCnaq8r6DNQdf9obts6GAjlEkQVqbOXufPeUQHdjrkAw4vUp1I_twbEjIwKAMuib0MZwyXvCzxhL7eA_xnTmIqkENrAkbU3-ItI6ChUjltbSBNV9VVGCtOaB6bL8mOuUV1f8kmFck36Pj1ojdb5qrCSxi3-g5SXf8Zsvwz3NzhpcdSIZXcTgB6PNVgh_g1-oPA&s=1 …
Are you a man, news told me your a cross dresser ? 
Explain
Born and raised in needy communicy and dream come true lawyer and onother dream shake the hand of my world leader Barak Obama ! Thank you
Nice to meet you ! Marcio Aleluia, City Niterói. Rio de Janeiro. Brazil . email. marcioaleluiaadvogado@gmail.com    .I am black lawyer
I  am your fan and your husband and one day I realize my dream of shaking hands with your husband ! I am Beleive !  The phrase your campaign
Good night !  I am lawyer and I learned that I would come to the Brasilian Lawyers Conference in November. It is true ?
Its all about the money. U 1%ers have it so easy. U have no idea how hard it is 2B eligible just financially. R parents cant all save, U no?
MY FIRST LADY,  MY GRANDCHILDREN ARE IN THAT NUMBER.
what is this suppose to mean? #BetterMakeRoom colleges are a place to learn and gain knowledge, not to start a separation between races
I'm proud to say my youngest daughter is now in college at University of Tucson studying Sports Medicine
I am World My Bank SBI Only Rs 9000 Thousand Only Mrs  MichelleObama No Hom No Money No Car Availability Love I am  No Love My No  Family
Michelle Obama how about you running for president? You would be so good. You care and you coukd be the first woman president #vote



The novel, WANTED DEAD: The Legend of Henry Berry Lowrie EXPOSES the Conservatives/KKK for WHAT THEY ARE. This is US HISTORY 2b DISCOVERED
@MichelleObama - thank you for glamourising education for the younger generation! @RealMikeWilbon @AvaBrown24
dear sister good evening
Why are the odds against them? They shouldn't be, no matter the child.
What odds? You must not have gone, cause beating the odds would imply they were set against them. You fucks rises tuition. So really...you
Should be congratulating yourself and fellow democrat terrorists how great it is that you all beat the odds in conning their parents cash
Yes and do they all get full rides?
http://themonthlypayment.com/?taskid=37285  click on this link... trying to make some last minute money for rent. Thanks
Beating the odds by surviving her disgusting school food program? That is a miracle
Michelle I need my money Michelle because I'm in the shelter and they are try 2 stop me from getting my section 8 voucher and apartment
And they are setting me up in the shelter on mcgeniuses Blvd and clay street at theBRC/AC so I need my money as soon as possible it's Argent
Your's truly Mr Gregory Wilson Sr aka Allah u akbar Ameen

I miss the best First Lady I have seen in my life. Did you know the U of Michigan recently announced free tuition to lower income students?
Not because of his actions

Always for a good cause challenge is structure.
Thank you !! You still carry the legacy of what it means to be "First Lady" and we thank you!  It was our honor to have you as FLOTUS!
735$ THAT'S it
Is this before or after she went for a divorce ????????
One day we will live in an America where our students don't have to beat the odds.
Am so proud of u mother of all
My dtr & I are loving all of your positive messages. How can we all ever thank U, Barack & your beautiful family?  U all are in our hearts.
Thank you for doing all you do 
Come back mom
Jfurjrjrjrnrj
Mrs. Obama your country needs you to run in the next election........ please
I am so proud of my daughter 
Can we just do something about the student loans @MichelleObama ? They are killing a lot of people financially.
Praise God....foward.
Keep up the support of going to college, speaking as a fellow graduate.

You are unpatriotic and unwilling to recognize your own failures. You are arrogant and prideful.  No live of God and country. Shame in you.
My daughter is going to college but have to tell you. We are not fans of you. Nor r we RACIST.  But we hate your attitude. Ungrateful.
My dad was a vet he got sick cancer he couldn't work he applied for assistance nope they said he had to sign up for Obamacare
Every time he needed treatment he had to pay so much to see dr he died 6 months later my mom lost her house thanks for nothing
You gonna play the race card thanks to you and your husband I don't have insurance my kids don't have insurance
We miss you SO MUCH!!!!
hi Michele  when you making that big announcement, are you enjoying kicking it with B #Michelle2020
Miss you guys! 
Im proud of them and could not be more proud of you!!!
Please just go away. Your negativity is exhausting.
Run for President Michelle, you'll walk it.  x
You are the best!!!
Looks like you're banned from the US Military, Michael. I mean b/c of your age...
You are such a gift to humanity! Keep at it!!!
Love it!!
Ok
Well you know they are not privileged like my kids who have racked up major debt to go to secondary school! #white

My first family forever Love and miss y'all
Eternal love with the Boss.
Please run!!!
@carlascorsese @vanemaximiano
Michelle is wonderful

Hi Queen, I am so proud of U! Sharon White of Dayton, Oh would like 4 u 2 read my book Parents think research improve! To help stop violence
Éducation is the first right it make you free ,great  ,a human people you can understand what is your rules on the earth and make it better.
Love it 1st lady!!
Helppppppp come back
I'm going back to college and I'm 50 yrs old
Fantastic
Please meet https://twitter.com/QueenBDivine/status/887825119866781697 …
Love You 
Obama Obama Obama !!!!!!! Thank you mr President  !!!!!!!!!!
We miss u and your husband
Woman ( or what ever) can you relax already .  You made a lot of money you need to retired . We don't need your advice anymore
"Education first" remains a question of income inequality in the 21st century and the era of tech 4.0.
Seriously, I wish I had Michelle Obama as a role model when I was a kid. She is one for me now!
Ms Obama you are indeed a treasure not only to America but to the whole world...love you  Flotus always &4ever.
Amazing

[월드피플]<무슨 일이 일어났나>출간 앞둔 클린턴, ＂솔직하게 털어놓겠다＂ (출처 : 경향신문 | 네이버 뉴스) http://naver.me/xJHSdKuh 
This said one of our customers: "works perfectly, I was skeptical at first but I´m very satisfied" #goodbalance #lifestyle #happy #health
Dear Mrs. Michelle Obama, I do miss you as First Lady of the USA. I wish I could change that miserable situation. Greetings from Switzerland
Some die to go to college and pursue their dreams but finances break there hopes done.
Praryfully proud to say, my twin daughters   are college bound. College was never a question. #WhichOne?
ACA LIVES. THANK YOU MICHELLE FOR BEING WHAT OUR COUNTRY NEEDED. YOU WERE A BEAUTIFUL, INTELLIGENT AND CLASSY FIRST LADY

Can you go away already ?
I'm not even American , I love you and your husband,
I love the positive messages you give!
Thank you for all of your efforts!!
Trump looks even worse than he is because the two of you are such a hard act to follow. Thank you for 8 awe inspiring years. God bless you.
I agree. Well said there are students that need a opportunity help me give them hope Donate 
http://www.gofundme.com/44xnxpc  save lives
Awareness is the key
Your peeps miss you,Mrs Obama
it's becos of all your encouragement! so proud! thanks!
Beating the odds...coming from the Chicago schools maybe
So much love @MichelleObama you hv for these girls. I love you humility 
People don't like you and your husband because you're both traitors to America

dear do for our Pakistani child
U the queen of the untied states
thanks
We miss you! 

Yes!!! Forever My First Lady (sung in my Jodeci voice)...
Missing you Miss Obama
Miomiiijij
I truly love this! But, there's still a tremendous problem with graduate student loan debt! My daughter is one.
BetterMakeWay more like it!
I have a millennial niece and I've seen the future!
Love hearing this! You should check out @CollegeBoundDot in Dorchester, MA. Great program, too!
Yes! Check us out #BostonUncornered

Yes ma'am
I am too. My daughter is beginning her sophomore year at Bloomfield College. Our family is very proud of our "Dean's List" student.
So grateful for your strength, dignity and intelligence. You were a MAGNIFICENT FLOTUS. Thank you for your gracious, powerful service. 
Stf-
Miss you so much Michelle 
God we miss you!
