Trump should match the donation.
I bet he doesn't have the money to do that.
isn't Trump a billionaire...?
So he says. Not like we have the tax record to prove it.
Yep. And I doubt we'll ever get them.
where are the results of his tax audit already?!!!  No one should ever be elected while under tax audit in first place!
It's not a requirement that candidates for office release their tax returns.
It definitely should be. he hasn't put his businesses into a true blind trust either and that IS required by law
PLEASE save us Michelle! Aliens have taken over the White House!
You are right. Sorry Aliens...
#Miss you an ur husband first lady I wish ur hubby was still President God bless you an ur family.

Ok this graphic needs 2be updated & made specific because "Today," Donald Trump is President. 
It was a comparison of what Trump and Obama inherited.  But, yeah...today. Could have been better articulated.
It's old.
It happens.
I'm old. It happens, lmao! 
Whoop de doo
What did you n BO do for Chicago, they know!! Nothing!!!
Just reading a tweet from my beloved former First Lady is a balm to my soul.  Miss the hell out of you.
Can u guys plz go backto the white house
YES! YES! YES
Hypocritical since you & Terrorist In Chief did NOTHING for Chicago in 8 years while violence & murder escalated there.
Yasss chance
Or r others not allowed 2 be rich but u can? Is ur hubby going to donate his $400K speaking fee? R they payoffs 4 favors he did as POTUS?
U&Obama did nothing for http://Chicago.You  turned it into a hell hole over the years.God Bless those who now have a chance to succeed
When is enough money enough money Michelle? are you going to donate the $60 million book deal u r getting? Aren't u rich enough?
you need to get your hubby Obama to sue Donald Trump for libel and defamation of character bankrupt his ass
Except everything he says is true..
too bad that Obama did nothing for the inner cities where crime and murders are at record highs.Leaving kids and babies not safe
Trump was a bad nightmare that became real life. Help us all
THE WORLD MISSES YOU BOTH...A LOT.
No we don't. We are celebrating.
that is so nice.did he have a chance to rap his songs?perhaps the teachers can read the lyrics inspirational
Joe he gave them a million bucks. Nothing to sneeze at.
and they wonder why the woman aren't respected,not 2 mention all the other crimes glorified
I am not a fan of his. A lot of bad behavior is glorified on TV and in music.
but lauded by the former first lady over a donation. that money is filthy.
You need to do more hey stop wasting big bucks on massive house in DC spend it on the struggling youth in Chicago #children1stmoneylast
this is literally what happens to me when I get a Michelle tweet notification.
I even miss President Obama press secretary, sean Spicer is so angry and defensive!!!
he is a lunatic! Such an angry little man!
@chancetherapper@dacullington.What a generous gift from an talented young man.We're going to need more ppl 2 do the same now.
@michelleobama@dacullington /2 To eliminate social programs like Meals on Wheels is beyond belief!Has Trump ever known anyone struggling to
so what about my son?
So proud of you Michelle.Enjoy your life
Grand Center Arts Academy. My daughter will graduate this may with the options of SAIC  or KCAI Thank you.
your initiative in early 2009 for Arts Across America opened doors of opportunity. In St. Louis Mo. GCAA
#ladymichelle #slushfund
What are you giving back? Chicago is a disaster run by your corrupt crony Rahm Emmanuel.
I love that Chance took it to the MAN. Children are our future
will you run for president in the next four years? 
Where are you and the Mr while chicago residents m gangs kill eachother if you love chicago so much??
745 murders in chicago
SALUTE #CHANCETHERAPPER @chancetherapper .@TheChefSean  & THX @MaxineJonesEV 4 playing his music .@JMediaFMRadio
@LiberalJaxx @chancetherapper we love n miss you beautiful classy woman. Tell B he's the smartest man we've ever seen.

@Irish_Rose5 @chancetherapper Now about those thousands of murdered blacks . . . Oh, that is not our problem; we're in DC!
giving back that's all we want to see and hear, shows gratitude for life's gifts.
#LadyMichelle
The power of arts education? Who are you kidding?!?!? The only thing produced in that cesspool Chicago is dead bodies
can we have you back love you all
let's not clutter the Obamas pg with trump talk.they prob need a break even more then we do.
so impressed. It only takes a little bit from a lot of people to make a difference.
"Chicago community ? Where were you and your husband with all the murders IN CHICAGO?
It was wonderful that this young man was willing to show how much he cared. Prayers are with him
we miss you so much. Help
it's your turn to run for president we love you
NOTHING BUT TROUBLE!!!
Arts Ed is being kicked to the curb my lady. What we need to do about it is we need to push arts Ed more.
As we continue to "Aim High", the lows become that much more insignificant. #1Motion;4ward
zg zg zg zg zg zg zg dB zg dust zg dud vs us h r e eye us usury due usury street eye yet susu dry eyenormal
You will always be my #1FLOTUS. @chancetherapper Thank you for the donation to @ChiPubSchools. You're both a true inspiration
I miss you so much! The WH isn't a home anymore.  Thank you for being such a  beacon to everyone.
Chicago the town you completely destroyed uhmm imagine that
how do we stop a mad man??? 4 real, a mad man
know U and press R missed. Replace Obama care won't stop the luv & respect.that's why WH so angry
#y we can
Tell president Obama to sue Trump for defamation of character!
wow we miss you guys
AMAZING!!! Inspiring. God is showing out through you!!! Wow!!! I  it!
@BarackObama
you are the best!!!
Thanku very much
He is a rarity someone whom still has a sense of where he came from and the willingness to contribute
Unfortunately @barackobama did nothing for chicago.  #gotoutoftheghetto
RT RT RT RT RT RT RT
z
totally agree!!
Right on my brother right on! Good people are still out there.  Praise God!
TE AMOOOO
God is good
excellent news!
#ChicagoKids 
I LOVE YOU
you and your husband sure didn't do anything for Chicago
How nice of you to acknowledge  @chancetherapper. I assume that you and Barack will join the "Wealthy Chicagoans" and donate?
Should we piggy back on this with a "go fund me" on fb or equivalent somehow? Would love to.
miss you mom
excellent
Why don't you and your hubby each donate a million as well!!
#RealMenLead #ChitownProud 
vot Barak vont ai am not knoy spik in Obi pliz
gzenya
we miss you. When I look at you I want to cry
it's so soothing reading from you. I've watched all your videos on YouTube and always looking out for new things to learn
corrupt What abt give back our girls it was good promo for u but nothing for them kipnapped by the guy train  financed by you
#GoodDeeds *sadly the issue spans the U.S. most public schools need more funding! #OKisnotOkay
Yeah you've sure done alot for Chicago,  how many murders in the last few years????
@HerestoyouJimbo i'm not cryin u are
Why don't you give $1M Michelle & Barack!
we must support art education!
Don't let @BetsyDeVosED take the arts or Title 1 or ANY programs away from education...wish you were here
Wow-this is great news!  Good for Chance.  This will help so much on many levels....
As much as I celebrate the example that Chance has set a part of me cringe over the neglect of our governor
yes mam thank u for being Mrs Obama we need you all back I wish it was a term forever.....
Dear Obamas. Why did you take the Class and leave all that trash in the White House?
I miss your family in the white house! Your family brought more class& integrity than any others before you!
this is a young man who has earned the "celebrate" of his celebrity. God bless him.
탱큐
On this International Women's Day pray for kidnapped school girls in Northern Nigeria in your prayers
Please go away for good !
.@MichelleObama thank you ma'am, I need help now though my dad left me in debt when he died in '12 trying to stay current is hard can u help
that is inspirational. Clap!!
y'all should colab
just wanted to say. I miss you !!
thanks for being our Queen. You will always be the First Lady to me and millions. We love you! @chancetherapper thanks bro!
Pls don't let Obama dignify Trump's comments by responding.
great job chance the rapper.
lm craig hayes
@baratunde @chancetherapper  thank YOU Michelle Obama - you are remarkable
if the other rappers will fall through and help this could work
THANKS for Your Service and POTUSBO. I SALUTE YOU BOTH! 
, @chancetherapper - YOU are a blessing! Bc of your desire 2 give, our young LEADERS will strive! Ty #SMGalwaysMAD
, you r an empowering person!!
How about funds for more cops to stop the murders in Chicago? Head in sand again.
you are also an example of Power and Dignity Michelle....
we appreciate everything, thank you for sharing and caring.
is Obama going to jail? I keep hearing that he is in some scandal to expose Trump. I hope that's not true.. 
I love you
Not many people would do that.  That's what I like about chance his gives back to the community
GOOD MORNING FIRST LADY MICHELLE.   BLESSING HEALTHY AND GREAT ABUNDANCE TO YOU AND FAMILY
vous formez une belle couple
you had 8 years to clean that city up and you did NOTHING!
may God give you long life man
gave you so much?? All Chicago has is a high body count.... thanks to your sorry husband
@BarackObama  We miss the style, class, and dignity you brought to the white house!
give him a recommendation for the 2020 election
I was watching videos on chancerap, volunteering with Social Works at my old age, donating, b4 I saw this...
This is really the year of taking a Chance. Congrats on your success. I'm inspired. My teenager is excited!

thanks for the contributions U both made to our children. Our world would be better with more people like U!
you were our Lady of grace & joy. You are missed. #watchingyournextact
we need the Obama's to speak up $do what they do best. Speak for the people. We r beyond expected behaviors of former leader

The power of art education is wonderful.
you are an example that i will mirror
#What a blessing!
@cjbycookie @chancetherapper 
It takes a village.
we miss you ! We need you and obama back to stand up to these crazy bullies
@BrianDrummondVO @chancetherapper I miss u, bby, pls come back...
michelle for president
what did you and your 3 some partners give Chicago? A high murder rate.  Uncontrollable gangs. Hate crimes?
I HOPE u & Obama make sure everyubeen afor 8yearsa legal confidentiality Agreement document sotell all are made about u
@davidaxelrod @chancetherapper miss you First Lady
