I'm seeing people miss her. What are y'all missing? I'm just curious #therapymixtape
Uhh she's super smart, she has never posed nude, she's not a third wife, she's actually happily married and lives with her husband?
Apart from all that, she fulfilled more than her duties, she's passionate about what she believes in, works to achieve set goals.
Agreed. My tweet was just the tip of the iceberg. Couldn't include all her accomplishments in 140 characters
Mine is just below your tip. Still isn't enough, yes, never will be in 140 characters.
Or only say 'fake news'.
You are missed. Your family is missed. Class in the oval office is missed.
Come again? 
Of course, You're absolutely entitled to your own opinion. It's just that you lost me at "honesty" & "innocent" is all.  Sweet dreams.
Of course you would you little snowflake. 
Well, that escalated quickly  I didn't understand her message either
I was so confused. Lol.
Happy Birthday Mrs. Robinson!
Wow! What a beautiful lady.
Happy Birthday to your mom...
@sr _gerry
miss you, gurl. and a joyful birthday to your beautiful mother

Awww our mom's share this special day HBD
This is so precious. ....this picture speaks volumes to my heart.
And here's to you, Mrs. Robinson 
She did an amazing job as a Mother, you and your daughters are proof of that.
To paraphrase James Comey: "Lordy how I miss you" (and Barack).
Happy Birthday to such a beautiful person inside and out! Many blessings to you always. Miss you dearly
My Daddy is 88 today ! HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
Happy birthday
I love she too
That's your Mom? Twin more like, I see where you get your beauty.
Miss you.
So very much. @MichelleObama

Oh Mrs Obama! How great to hear from you!
Much love to your Mom. You was so cute 
Very sweet. Happy birthday to your mom!
Wait!! President Obama's birthday was last week or couple days ago!!!
It's in August! 
Do you know the date? Because I had already signed a card to say Happy Birthday. It came thru my email 
Happy Birthday from me too. It takes special people to raise special kids. Hell, it takes special people to raise ordinary kids. TY from me.
Happy birthday!!!!!
Many blessings to your mom - always! Happy birthday! Miss you all
Does Sasha sure look like you! Your grace, brilliance and thoughtfulness are so missed. You guys are loved! Thank you for all you did.
Sick and twisted They hate America and your white privileged! Most racist people ever!
The first Grandma was a beautiful example of love & support in the WH. We miss you all! The last time their was class in the .
Happy happy birthday to you   :)
Feliz cumple Mom!!!!!
I want Normalville back? When are you and @BarackObama moving back into the WH?The babysitter is drunk.
I'm voting for you in 2020.
Barack said NO.
Ohhhhhh Melt My Heart 
Happy Birthday Mom Wishes To A Wonderful Day, Thank Mom For Such Gorgeous & Beautiful Daughter!
As Beautiful As You "Mom"! Happy Birthday  That's A Great Photo You Are Amazing Girl! Hugs&Cheek Kiss's To You & Family!
Family LVE Always! Evening To Ya's! Canada Proud  Giggle.... You Melted Me Thank You 
So beautiful  .... we miss you. 

What a sweet photo! Happy Birthday to your mom! Sending her lots of positive wishes.
Happy birthday to your mom. You look just like her @MichelleObama 
Happy Birthday to your Mom, I have a feeling she is very proud of her daughter, kudos for being a great Mom, raising a great kid xxx

So thankful to have seen, along with my daughters, your example as First Lady for 8 years and your continued strength of character now.
It was so nice to have a super smart First Lady who hasn't posed nude, not a third trophy wife, actually happily living w her husband.
Happy Bday Michelle! We miss seeing u @ the WH. You deserve all the best!!
She is beautiful, just as you are. Thank you for your service. You and President Obama are missed more than you know.
But why is that Dr Bailey
Wow! You look so much like her! 
We are all grateful to your mother for having you, Mrs. Obama! Thank you for sharing this.
Do not use "We".... you do not speak for everyone
She's a awesome woman will miss her
Gross

Nothing like a mother's love!
You probably should stop talking crap about white people to black college's and speaking hate.  Good thing you have secret service crazy plp

Happy Birthday Michelle Obama
miss you and you will always be my First Lady! Happy birthday to Mrs Robinson 
An incredible woman who raised an incredible woman who is raising incredible women
Happy Belated Birthday Michelle Obama! I hope you had a wonderful day! You sure are missed! 
My mom calls me Miche too! Hope your mom has the happiest of birthdays!
Awww. Love this!
Happy Belated Birthday, Mrs. Robinson!
Beautiful
Japon birthday
Just Go Away already. #MAGA
Love you !!
Happy birthday, Michelle.  From the bottom of my heart and especially the American public
You are an inspiration @michelleobama.  For EVERY woman.  Never forget that.  We will never forget you. LOVE!
A very Happy Birthday to your Mom.  She is a remarkable woman indeed.
Mrs. Obama, please consider running in 8 yrs or 4.  Thank you for being a great example to mankind.
Happy birthday to her
You look so much like your mom: both beautiful.
Miss Obama I don't care what they say about you you going to be my favorite for eternity love you Keith miles Lexington Kentucky
Ohhh my God send your bless Mich 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the best first lady ever. You did a great job and you gave our country one hundred percent. We wont forget Thank you.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MRS OBAMA .   THANK YOU FOR BEING THE BEST 1st LADY. AS PARENTS YOUR VALUES AND GRACE SHOW IN YOUR DAUGHTERS.
Happy Birthday Mrs. First Grandma!  Thank you for giving us Michelle (we need her back!)  Have a wonderful day.
I miss being represented by you--intelligence, class, beauty, strength. Your Mom done good!
Happy Birthday may God bless u all many many more love u family.
To the best First Lady.  Happy birthday. Hope you have a great day with your amazing family.
Thank you for sharing this lovely picture  and birthday wish for your mother with us all Mrs. Obama.
For Real?
How sweet is a mother's love. For her daughter and her mother.
Happy Birthday! 
We miss y'all a lot an happy birthday to your mom
H B D mother, ago with grace

Happy Birthday 
God bless your beautiful family and your gorgeous mother!
So sweet.  BLESSINGS
My queen 
Our classy First Lady who put the 'O' in Obama I miss her and my main man Barry O.
Like mother like daughter ...u know what they say the apple  doesn't fall far from the tree 
kind lady, we miss you tons. Love, the majority of the American voters. 
She made a wonderful caring women we mill you and your leadership for a better America
At least we have Melania working on that anti-bullying campaign....oh wait
There's nothing more powerful than the Bond between a parent and a child
aye yaw Michelle yaw ak sa Yaye dé benn nguen
that is adorable
so sweet I.pray your mom enjoyed her day and wishing her many more to come!!!!
Happy Birthday to your beautiful Mom!!! OMT.  I miss you sooooooo much & OUR president whom every time I see him I cry, LOVE  y'all! !!
I MISS YOUR STRENGTH MORAL INTELLIGENCE COMPASSION GRACE ELEGANCE COMMON SENSE CLASS & LOVE FOR ALL AMERICANS 
Happy Belated Birthday, I hope it was amazing
Happy Birthday First Lady Michelle Obama! Hope you had a wonderful day! We miss you & Pres Obama terribly, when the world seemed sane 
Also, I miss ya'll so much I tried to draw Pharoah Akenhaten and I seemed to have drawn the President
Beautiful
@ObamaPlusKids Adorable 
Happy Birthday to Your Mom, First Lady! . Yes, you have retained your title, as far as America is concerned! 
Awwww
First Lady, truly
Happy Birthday to your Mom! Sending bountiful love and affection your way First Lady 44! We miss you!
Beautiful! Your love for your mother is reflected in the love you have for your daughters. They must love their gramma as much as you do!
I agree with all that's been said
Awwwww! We sure do miss you Mrs. OBAMA!
Uh lowkey thought this was @quintabrunson tbh
If you was a regular person would you got that many likes
We thank you to. @MichelleObama is one amazing lady  #perfectrollmodel

Congratulations to a beautiful woman who raised an intelligent graceful beautiful woman of strength
Love the relationship and communication with your Mom
love this photo
Happy Birthday!
Nice very lovely
Happy Birthday @MichelleObama
You keep going first mama! We miss you!  The Trump Cabal is already out of control and killing our democracy! 
Ok ladies who's next? We saw the best and I hate to sound cliche but maybe it's time to get in formation #positivepolitics
Happy bday Michelle omama
Happy Birthday to your mom.  We miss you Michelle and love the whole family.
Happy Birthday to your Mom! Blessings for many more! Love y'all!
Mrs. Obama, you are just the classiest and best! 

Happy birthday Mrs. Robinson. Thank you for giving us such a wonderful woman, your daughter Michelle Obama,  who we miss immensely.
Heartwarming@
Good Job Mom! Happy Birthday!
Hello happy birthday Mom Michelle
Moms are some kind of special
Love the picture you are my inspiration to be a beautiful black woman
We miss you so much! My Michelle 2020 shirt is in the closet, waiting...
parabens grande mulher
Shout out to your mom because who you are is the greatest woman in America, currently. Keep on killin it you gorgeous human.
Sweet reminds us of our mom
Pls come back tell ur husband we need him
Miss your eloquence, your voice, your commitment and definitely your hair do's, dresses, dancing & the epic side eyes you gave! 
Happy Birthday dear! May God continue to bless you and your family for many more to come.
Happy birthday Madam first lady we miss you dearly thank you for your service
Happy birthday to your mom aww so sweet
Happy Birthday, First Grandmother.
Happy Birthday America misses you so much. Thank you for your grace and style.
Wish you many more to come Michelle.
Lovely 
I hope your mom has a wonderful birthday! Here's to many more birthdays to come!!! 
Happy birthday!  Miss you!
We also love you  our dear sister
Miss a real first lady
Everyone misses you guys Michelle.
Beautiful

Great mother
Have so much respect and admiration for you and President Obama.
TY for all you do! You & your family have always been a shining example of the #LightUpTheLOVE Global Movement!  Keep sharing #LUTL stories!
Happy birthday to your mom, I'm sure she is proud of the daughter you have become.  
Happy Birthday 1st Grandma 
Happy Birthday 
Your family's kindness and intelligence are sorely missed nowadays.
Happy birthday ma am
Sweet photo. Your mom must be very proud of the beautiful woman you are; intelligence, class, grace, dignity, perseverance, loving mom/wife.
I love this picture so much.
We have really missed you little Queen ...
Both eyes tells it all...two beautiful  sisters!

u ar the best
Beautiful 
Happy Birthday Mother Robinson 
Wish u many more happy returns of the day...
@coonormcg @amyseesloth Michelle Obama is called Miche like me!! She just adds an "e" like how she has adds an "l" in her name lol.
Michellle Tobamasulo
You look just like her!
Happy birthday Mrs. Robinson.  Miss y'all in the White House.
As somebody said that love can be taught,  so we can think that parents are the best teachers for that. Let's go on on with our children!
I'm sure she talks about white people behind there backs like most of the AA's do, there super nice to your face but.... racist at the core
Wow looks like Michele and Sasha
Belated happy birthday 
