It was an honor to stand with these incredible @SpecialOlympics athletes and celebrate Eunice Kennedy Shriver's legacy at tonight's @ESPYS.
so wonderful. You still make us proud everyday. Miss you and Barack!
Long overdue! 
Much love and appreciation for the power and strong fortitude you exemplify...we miss you
My First Lady forever 
I miss you and @BarackObama Bar so much!! You two are the epitome of class and grace.
You will forever be my FLOTUS! A classy American who cares about ALL Americans.
I'll second this sentiment! 
Me third!
America is unstoppable when we come together and give everyone a chance to succeed no matter the race, gender, or sexual orientation.
And I think you would do a wonderful job. :)
I love you First Lady
So true. We certainly won when you graced the WH with your wonderful husband @BarackObama  We miss you both dearly!!
You are such an inspiration! 

We need more people like Eunice. Especially Now
God bless you and President Obama! You are missed! Great tribute to Eunice Kennedy Shiver and people with intellectual disabilities.
Miss you so much.
You have and always will be the best and gracious First Lady.  Continue to be the inspiration and guiding force for our youth. You're missed
Words of wisdom from a loser. Strange, wouldn't you say?
That is so true.  I believe in giving back and helping others to fulfill their dreams.
I miss you! Kisses to you and the President.
You're greatly missed! Thank you for everything you do.
Beautiful homage to EKS last night. Her legacy will never be forgotten. TY @MichelleObama for your service-you are amazing as well!
We miss you so much 
It was so good to see u last night -Mo *
Miss you sooooooooo much
Beautiful thought in a week witnessing so much human potential lost due to staggering deceit at the White House. #ComeBackObamas
I miss you so much, you classy lady.
AMERICA MISSES YOU AND YOUR FAMILY IN TIMES LIKE THESE..Trump is destroying America.
#YesWeDo!
Thank you! FLOTUS forever. Miss you and your family being in the White House so much.
Lady, you have already won.  I cherish you and your husband.
Saaa a
Right
Wishing you and @BarackObama could come back and rule the USA like it should be ruled! Even I hate Trump and I'm from Belgium. Big hugs 
We miss you!!!! Love you guys!
FLOTUS, There is none other. Wish you were back, we miss your/our First Family
I sure miss you and your hubby, Mr President. I've never felt more vulnerable as a country as I do now. The man in office worries me
Amen
Your radical Muslim husband barry aka obama is calling you

Forever my 1st lady! #bringbackobama
gross
Does this apply to Trump?  #justasking
I miss you terribly
Thank you. BTW you are perfection
My apologize for those that result in insults due to their ignorance. We can get along w/out hatred. It's nothing but racism.
@MichelleObama your speech was again so poignant.  You always hold yourself with #grace and #dignity.
Unfortunately we as a country have trouble agreeing on how to do that.
You are missed! 

She looked so awesome. Dress was gorgeous. Miss her.

Good eng
Miss you!!
Thank you, Madame First Lady! You truly are a wonderful role model for *all* Americans. 
Miss you so much!!!  Thank you for being the best First Lady ever!  You are such an inspiration and a class act!  

Truth hurts ya, does it?

Amen
ahhh the real first lady...
I miss her too so much class
So good to see you last night on the ESPYS you looked great and classy missing you and husband
i <3 u first lady! You always show such grace!
Tried for years to find a good organization near us for r daughter to experience all that Best Buddies & Special Olympics can. None near us.
yes
Please save us....

I watched you last night and you were great as usual. Thank you once again for all you did as FLOTUS and now do as a private citizen.
Oh girl i SOOOOOOOOOOOO wish you could be our president. I can't handle all the hate. We got so spoiled with your hubby in office.
Very true
You look great and im proud of you FLOTUS!
We miss empathy you exude&your steady leadership FLOTUS.Thank you for always doing the right thing&being best role model for our children
Hai good morning  madam
I miss you Michelle,you and your wonderful family are loved more than you http://know.You  were a great First Lady,you have class.

Oh God seeing you last night, for a minute, I thought we were back to normal! Elegance & charisma with eloquence & brain! We MISS you BOTH!
We miss you Michelle!
NO WE DON'T!
I miss you and Barack!!!
Miss you!
We miss you!
Y'all will see her soon @ the TRIAL!
we miss you! Thank you for all you did for our nation/world. Your love, compassion & grace are a shining example to us all.

Miss you Michelle and our amazing President Obama terribly.  God bless you both and your beautiful daughters!!
Good lord, I miss you.
Well said!
Amen!!!
We miss you so much
That's very true!
Am not an American, but the world is missing you, Barack and the family
It's hard to put in words how much I admire you and miss your Husband leading this Nation.  You continue to be a role model!  Thank you.
Who doesn’t miss this? 11/10 on the Like-ability Meter.
You two are more than adorable 
Miss you so much!!! Please help US!!!!!!
We need the Obamas back to be a WH filler. Until we find a replacement 
Absolutely!  Only 1 reason to continue helping needy people everywhere in the world.
My FLOTUS forever. We miss you, Michelle! Your integrity, your class, your incredible courage. OMG, you and @BarackObama need to come back!
Thank You 1st Lady MrsOYou were just the person 2 present MrsShriver's Award/Program; You&PresO have done so much for our country;THANK YOU
Missing you being in the White House SO MUCH!
Thanks
Miss u Flotus, ur a inspiration to me, when they go low, u continue to go HIGH, u will always b my #Flotus44
I miss you and your husband so much.
We Miss You!!! @MichelleObama
You are such an inspiration. Thank you.
Dear Mrs Obama, greetings from Germany. You can be sure, we miss you and your husband too. God bless you and your family! Thanks for all! 

FLOTUS FOR LIFE. LOVE, MISS AND RESPECT YOU!!!
We need you back. Please.
Hey Mrs. Obama, please call on these numbers and say #GoNawazGo 
He is the most corrupt person in the world.
You will forever be our #flotus. Second to none.
Yes!!
So nice to see you here. Thanks for the positivity.

Progressive thinking
I'm so inspired by Eunice's story! Thanks for honoring her last night. 
Miss you...your class and dignity. Thank you for being our @FLOTUS44

Whos we? Is that you asswhipes were doing when you increased the debt sold hope and stole 70 million
Resistance Monkey loves @MichelleObama!!!
Great to hear from you again MADAM PRESIDENT.  From our mouths to God's Ears.
I Love You Michele!
Have a nice day
Good morning FLOTUS
Watched it and loved seeing you so happy Mrs Shriver has finally been given props for all her wonderful work.
I wish I had gone to work w/my mom the day Eunice visited. She worked in a building named for EKS, @ a nonprofit for people w/disabilities.
Higher ground! You have given us the protocol to follow! You will go down in history as the best POTUS and FLOTUS!
We miss you First Lady!

That's been my experience and it's fulfilling and meaningful.    Thank you First Lady
Would've been nice if our public servants saw it that way. #wallstbillions
Missing you both. 
Go back to your pit
We miss you! @MichelleObama and your Husband too
Amen sister
"Isn’t he the best? He will be the Best President Ever. We love you.”~ First Lady Melania Trump #MAGA!
You are awesome and will always be my FLOTUS!
Loved that she was honored at the ESPYS last night... #amazingwoman
You're taller than the basketball players so I was wondering if all the rumors are true that your a tranny, since Barry is gay..
Such a pleasure seeing you on stage last night. Intelligence, grace, humility. Gosh, I miss you and your family in the White House!
We miss your grace and kindness. So good to see you again
We love and miss you and our REAL President, Barack Obama!!!
So much class, miss you.
Always our First Lady. Thank you.
The day you & President Obama left the WH, was the day America wept! We miss you both!
We miss you
Yes she did
Need some positive messages.  Thanks Obama!
Forever First Lady!!! Blessings to you and your beautiful family. Truly missed and thanks for sharing
Please run!!!!!!!!!
We miss you!
I have a friend in need. Strong woman, down on her luck if anyone can help https://funds.gofundme.com/mobile/dashboard?url=s9we8-please-help-me-avoid-foreclosure …
#Michelle2020
Will you be the next @potus ?
I  Michelle! So true!
As always your loveliness shine through! So glad you represented such a great sports moment!
Guess none of you needed health insurance. Did you check out the
premiums and deductibles.
Unlike out Republican friends.
I miss the class and dignity you both brought to the White House.
I miss you, FLOTUS 
Selflessness and compassion. We need more of that these days. A true American role model. 
Wonderful
yes, pay it forward
I think you should send a tweet at least once a week so we remember that there used to be a remarkable First Lady who's truly missed! 
Yes we do!
As long as they are legal into , so does @POTUS
Two amazing women, thanks.
yeah we need the Obamas back in a military prison for selling our country to the radical islamists...hard labor sentence
Thank you First Lady Michelle! We miss you! 
Michelle!!! You will always be the epitome of a First Lady...always classy, intelligent, kind and beautiful.  We miss you sooooo.   SOS!!!
well stated  sister capricon
Thanks for all you did!
