An announcement from President Obama: get ready for the inaugural Obama Foundation Summit. https://www.obama.org/summit  
Thank you both for what you're doing! You're amazing, inspirational people, and you'll help these young people change the world. 
By subverting a sitting president? I think not!
Encouraging leadership in a democracy isn't about encouraging subversion. It's called dissent.
When a Pres funds antifa, wiretaps a Pres. candidate and unmasks innocent people for political reasons, that is subversion.
Except you need to read Snopes.
Snopes in liberal ran lol no thanks
I mean, @MerriamWebster is part of the #Resistance, so I guess you guys should stop using words then. Words can't be trusted.
???
You sound off against Women who vote with their own voice? Support Hillary??  Not much of a role model 4 freedom & liberty, are u... #MAGA
Unless Michelle voted for @HillaryClinton when she ran against @POTUS44...she needs to stfu
Then there's this...
Congratulations hopefully you will show American girls what can be done with hard work and integrity.

Why do you find that humorous? American girls need to be encouraged.
Yes, ENCOURAGED, I still have girls (all races) speaking of Her. Ppl need to stop hindsight what they are not doing! #thatisALL
*hindering
How dare you suggest I should vote for someone just because she is a woman! That's sexist beyond all belief and against all #women. 
Absolutely!
I'm sorry, I won't be attending. I have to scrub my toilet that day. Will be thinking of you guys as I do, though.
Awesome First Lady Michelle!

When was the last time you visited Chicago and helped?
Obama 2020
Hahaha you are excited about the money coming up !!
MORBID HOW STOLEN YOU ARE AND MEN SAID ILL NEVER SHOW YOU HOW SCARY THE NUMBERS REALLY ARE OK TROY TO HOW STOLEN YOU REALLY ARE OK BYE
LEVIN BLOWS UP THE RUSSIAN COLLUSION SCANDAL - CHECK OUT THIS FREE EDITION OF LEVINTV AND SHARE IT WITH EVERYONE... http://fb.me/25tixC5eW 
Miss just seeing you in the news, etc 
U don't know y I voted for #45! Did it proudly! R u that pompous & out of touch that u think u know what every female thinks? #long8years4u
Well done
The fact that these young people do the work go 2 school get the degrees & r coming out with no jobs in their field has to be addressed Got1
Oh look! Another Democrat foundation! Gonna become rich just like Clinton Foundation. Stay out of Haiti. Clintons already raped that country
How much will the foundation be donating to hurricane victims???
PLEASE HELP ME EDUCATE PEOPLE ON ADA LAWS!!!
Sire
Just what we need another crooked foundation. Like we didn't learn from Hillary.
How about when I voted against @HillaryClinton when she ran against @POTUS44...
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1521273571254518&id=108924385822784&ref=m_notif&notif_t=feedback_reaction_generic …

We miss you & your husband!
I couldn't control my tears, wonderful, emotional letter. Very moving. 
LEVIN BLOWS UP THE RUSSIAN COLLUSION SCANDAL - CHECK OUT THIS FREE EDITION OF LEVINTV AND SHARE IT WITH EVERYONE... http://fb.me/25tixC5eW 
You realize women think for ourselves right? I told MY husband he was voting for Trump. Stop chasing Hillary's comments. Think for yourself!
You are 100% correct! How insulting are her words
They switched to a different tactic.  Make women feel guilty and less empowered so we think we need to join them! 
This is so exciting!!!
Quelle classe ! Une dame qui  a laissé une belle empreinte dans les esprits. May God bless you! 

With love from Paris
Love you and your family FOREVER!
I'm sure its all so legal NOT. You all come in broke, make 1/2 mil a year, yet multi billionaire when you leave. People please take notice!
Thank you Obamas  thank you so much for continuing your good works
Bravo First Lady Michelle Obama
You won't xfacter in cart treding standues vamtal high as don't take rocket sexes or judges to spot sitting ant right
Seems you don’t know how to shut your mouth!!   Obama Foundation hahaha. What a joke.  Bet it hurts not having pay for play HRC as pres
I think Michelle would have a much larger impact if she decided to run for high office. Maybe Governor or Congress?
Obama Foundation, give me a break.
Obama Foundation will spread over the  world to  bring change.. that's great

To the contrary! Any woman that voted - USED HER VOICE.
Any woman that voted for Hillary JUST because she's a woman, sold her voice short.

As stat of wiman
That's the problem you want to change the world we like it as it is!
Get on this
Meanwhile, @MichelleObama voted against her own voice and voted for Obama over Hillary
.@KatiePavlich Sounds Off on @MichelleObama's Criticism of Female @POTUS Voters http://bit.ly/2yw0BiE  
Im excited too another foundation to launder money to pay for Sasha and milea weddings good thinking!!!!!
How is it that Melania was a racist when she donated Dr Suess books to a children's library?  Doesn't racism mean HATE?  How was she racist?
Guess what! The voting majority isn't black, immigrant, or ! He may have flaws, but @realDonaldTrump understands who he's #working 4.

Oh, no...not another dem foundation!
How can you support a woman who called black men super predators?And have the nerve to tell women how they should vote!I voted my voice#MAGA

Did you vote against your voice when you voted for Barry against Hillary in Dem primary in 2008? #Hypocrite #Racist #RulesforRadicals
With all due respect Mrs.Obama, & I do respect you as former FLOTUS, but I voted for Trump b/c I am my OWN VOICE. I am strong & confident.
We miss you beautiful, driven, courageous, compassionate, forever First Lady Michelle Obama. 
You mean Michael lol
So how she get therecsire
Sure, opportunity for you to placate on peoples emotions. Meanwhile you live like a queen. Scam!
You are excited about the Obama Foundation.? No one else is
There mony shot
The whole world miss you happy pair in the White House ((
I hope your foundation $$ goes for helping the needy and not lining your pockets as the Clintons have done. Ask the Haitians.


The city of Chicago is lucky to have you by their side. You're encouragement & service is very much appreciated.
Tell me how Obama helped Chicago. Oh wait, never mind!
This is amazing! Can't wait to see what's in store!
Oh, the same that went on @ the Clintons. Laundering $$, selling America out, & being  parasites.

Now that’s some racist shit. Its crazy the amount of blind ignorance because things don’t affect you. You obviously don’t know the feeling.

All #obama cared about was taking care of #losers who #doNothing with their lives. driving up the debt, and tiny minorities 
DC and the country loves you
The nation and the world misses you and President @BarackObama! God bless you and your family forever!

What?
Saint rampal ji is real god
Hey I think we women know & trust our own voices that spoke loud 2016. Your disrespect amplifies pride in our choice #Obamainsults

Wonder if your profits are as high as the Clinton foundation? Bank smart!
Guess u gonna rip off the foundation like the Clintons as ur personal expense, slush fund, n retirements....#crooks2
"That guy, he's better for me" YES HE IS!  #MAGA
Michelle, did you vote for your husband Barack or did you listen to your own voice and voted for Hillary in 2008??
If Michelle runs for president she has my vote and hopes
Amazing, love and miss u guys. Keep shining and let the haters keep hating. 
You mean you're excited about this windfall of money that will be lining your Hermes bags?
Vote against our voice? That’s sexist.  You don’t speak for me. Who did you vote for? MAGA
For whom, did she/HE vote when it was Obama vs Hillary?
When your husband was elected president, I was so hopeful that race relations would improve and the economy would as well.
https://www.facebook.com/astrid.v.cordero/posts/10155714500902442 …
What's coming is more deceit and lies for the American people from U. Please just quietly retire. It's time to move over. TRUMP is in town!!
So glad your gone! I guess you’ll be embezzling money just like the clintons!
Go away

Ahhhhh mooch your came up with a money laundering scheme also.. We know what your up to. It will fail like all the rest of your plots.
Good God, go away!
I am a Latin Woman with 2 Post Grad degrees & I didn't vote for Hillary because she is one of the most Corrupt politician in history of !
Has the thought ever once occurrd to you that "you" may be wrong..maybe "you" need to do some soul searching..the country making hains now
I don't know you personally, but I really miss you.
Another Hillary Clinton like Money Laundering Scheme
Ur incredibly divisive to our country slamming females who didn't vote 4 Killary. As @HillaryClinton would say, ur deplorable & irredeemable
Excellent! That's what she & her husband were all about, dividing the country bc they are racist. Didn't like America, didn't like Whites.

Disrespect for the main banner of the land of betrayal and insult to the martyr soldier, not the president of the country 

#GCFestival
Are you copying Clinton Foundation?

Happy #VideoGamesDay! Geoffrey’s got HIS game face on…what’s YOUR go-to game today? 
I assume your foundation is funded like the Clinton foundation??? Tax payer money. You and your husband need to bow out and get out.
No one is listening to your critique of the Trumps.  Your school food program worked on so well, NOT!!
We miss you so much and I'm excited that you're still working and contributing to the country. Much to you Mr.&Mrs. Obama great leaders
Please run for president!!
Or maybe women voted for Trump because your husband's job killing policies and giving billions to Iran and identity politics, etc.....
If I wanted to vote for someone against my own voice, I would have voted for your husband or Clinton. They are the true deplorables.
#MAGA WE HAVE THE FIRST POTUS SINCE RR. BHO WAS NO POTUS, HE USED THE WH AS HIS PERSONAL BANK! U TOOK LUXURY VACATIONS ON TAXPAYERS DIME!
I am white and am not racist ever since your Husband took office he has divided our country won't work God will prevail you will be judged
#bringbackObama #americasrealpresident
Great work!! I sure wish you and your husband were back in the White House!!
Me too we sure miss the OBAMAS
So wonderful to know you both are still in the game. Gives us hope we can overcome this horrible nightmare of Trump and his administration!
You were but a child when HC first showed us HER voice. THAT'S why WE said NO! We listened to our voice & said YOU don't tell us who to like
You ma'am are a class act!! Continue to ignore those who disparage you.  It is done out of ignorance, jealousy and fear. U r an inspiration!

Lights in the darkness of our souls. I'm excited with you and grateful to you.
You mean you like the people that contribute money to make your a**es more rich
take a nap
There's hope for future and there's more to do than White House..you're lifting souls from death...Obama inspirational and wisdom
You and him must be related, talking this crap
Just another tax payer funded perk for these fools.

Well how very dare you go about helping people! 
So now you and the community organizer will have your own foundation like the Clinton's. You are all corrupt!
Thank you for all you do
Im so glad that you and your husband are out of office. Your racist and yall never did anything but take vacations on our dimes. #trumprules
Poof GuysYour Gals
So great to see and hear from you and President Obama again! You are missed!
THIS IS THE TRUE PRESIDENT. AND FIRST LADY. WHITE HOUSE SURE MISSES  THEM & THEIR FAMILY. THESE ARE THE GREAT LEADERS WITH INTELLIGENCE
Conservative women think for themselves while democratic women are the sheep! No more obama or clinton in our WH!
Ignorant, disgusting statement about women who did not vote for Hillary. You exemplify bigotry, racism & low class.
Its odd Joan Rivers died right after letting the people know Michelle Obama is a man named Michael. Just look at it for gods sakes. SICK !!!
WE love U nd miss the Frmr Pres nd UR shw of grce, elegnc, caring, nd poise in the WH. IM sry I dnt hve cnfidnc in prsnt Pres. Jst hop N GOD
Please come back to WH & be President again. "I can't stand the ignorance that is shattering the nation & USA standing as a world leader.
How can l take part @ObamaFoundation
First Lady Michele Obama, sure miss your First Class act in the WH. We miss President Obama too. You both made us better ppl & respected us.
Great. So glad y'all are getting involved!!  So missed.

So nice to see you attempting to take over the greed and corruption racket with your new Foundation, since @ClintonFoundation hosed!
Thanks to the snake oil salesperson of the century for paving the way for President Trump, with ur hatred to US and division of its citizens

Praise God.
Thank you, thank you, thank you. We love you and are so grateful for you 
Michael Obama slams women who voted for Trump - NY Daily News http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/michelle-obama-slams-women-voted-trump-article-1.3526264 …
looks like he forgot to tape that wiener up and under lol
The Obama Foundation is going to be more corrupt as the Clinton Foundation. Where do you get off telling women how to vote?
Where do I sign up to help these young people reach their goals?
Will you hire me?
only if your muslim!
Ugh !!
We think u guys will make diff. U  inspire ppl 2 b better. Wish Barack (1st name basis) & Mr Holder luck on their state legislative work!
We spoke against our voice as women for not voting for Hillary? Incorrect. We spoke when we made sure she never got near that office. Thanks

What's the dif between this foundation and the #ClintonFoundation NOTHING Both R #evil fronts to put an ex #flotus in power.
I love you President Obama. Why can't you move to Canada and become our next prime minister?
Take this loser.
You look like a man 
Still taking money from the people trusting you ?
Puke
The woman who voted for Trump,  voted for lower taxes, keeping terrorists out, better economy. Not your voice against women. Your sick
Hope U both have to eat Moochelle's school lunches in Prison
A woman who was never proud of her country before her husband hoodwinked country into electing him now lecturing women ..you know nothing
God I miss you both!
Yes, this young people just needs a hand a little push and feel that they are respected and loved and you will see miracles
Thanks. You will do great things for us just as you did in the White House. Thanks for your service. We love our 44th president and wife.
Chi-ca-go, good idea. @HillaryClinton @SenSchumer
As long as you say 'white folks' are what's wrong with America, us white people will not support your 'foundation'!
You are no more concerned about America now as you were when you rejected indigent patients at hospital where you were an administrator.
Please be our next president....
She'll run the day you find a picture of her being pregnant
Your comments about women who didn't vote for Hillary were a disgrace and 100% sexist. Worst statement I've ever heard from a 1st Lady.
