As we come together as one American family to help our neighbors, we are reminded how much we need each other.

The Goons
https://www.bonanza.com/listings/DSQUARED2-Best-Icon-Adjustable-Men-s-Cotton-Hat-Baseball-Cap-Black-Free-Ship/532819239 …
Only one man pictured worth anything.. Go Jimmy!
Trump is so messed up I'd even take Bush back right now. 
BC you obviously prefer globalists over actual Americans. How sad
We will follow your and President Obama's http://lead.Love  the example you set in The Wedlock Chronicles volume 1.
Obama you shouldnt be allowed in this country that you hate so much
CONGRATS!!! You deserve it! You and President Obama are gorgeous and CLASSY!!! Always stay the way you are!
Thanks to #ALLAMERICA #HoustonStrong
how about one with #REAL legitimate first ladies. Miss you Michelle. 
Have you thought about requesting https://vivlium.com/documento-os-heridos-por-arma-de-fuego/4786/ … in book format, get training, and raising money with its sale ¿?

#SOS #terrorism
I feel SO bad b/c I'm on SocSec & could ONLY give $50.
Next month I'll be able, hopefully, 2 give more.
Pls, GIVE WHAT U CAN
Watch out! Obama's pulling a Clinton #HaitiScandal
Never trust anyone who you CANT determine is either male or female.
@seanhannity
Racist
Amazing
I love you and Obama both. Miss y'all!! Please come back! 
How can they come back? Term limits, derf!
How much money have you two given to help???  My guess is NONE!!!
And how much did you and your husband personally donate?  POTUS=$1M. And u?
Imagine this photo 4 yrs from now.
THEN QUIT SAYING DIVISIVE STUFF LIKE GOP IS ALL WHITE AND WOMEN ARE STUPID FOR NOT VOTING FOR HILLARY!!!
Amen
Thank you & President Obama for the class, dignity, caring & intelligence you gave for 8 beautiful years! You're sorely missed!  you!
Photoshopped, because I can't see any Past Presidents standing in the Oval Office together without the real @POTUS
I would agree but I believe it was taken while Obama was POTUS.
I'd like to see how much you two selfish "Americans" gave to the suffering. 1.4 billion dollars spent on my tax dollars in 2011 alone
We don't need nor do we want your kinda help anymore please leave us alone now you Obama's have caused enough trouble for this country smh
Is there an organization where I can donate for the damages caused by Hurricane Donald?
yes United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF)
THIS IS WHAT HONESTY LOOKS LIKE....

And POTUS Barack Obama!!! True Intelligence,Dignity And CLASS!!!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0hQhrDxX0E …
Fly your flag for Patriots Day 2017. -OO
Yes, Mrs. Obama... Run for President.  As a Republican,  I'll vote for You... PLEASE CONSIDER THIS..
This is what presidents are made of!
What a amazing photo. All men our current president could learn the word integrity from.
It's the unity that defines who we are at our core  as Americans and shows the very best of our humanity 
Michelle is 2 faced. She said, “I was never proud of America.”
This is what REAL PRESIDENT'S DO
Except when cops were ambushed in Dallas.  The black murderer was justified.  You will rot in he'll for what you destroyed Americans with.
Wow.  What legacy’s stand before you committed to help.  That is nothing but GOD!
Looking at this picture of all past Presidents makes us miss them more today. We have to continue to pray for America & God hand & mercy
Always miss the Bush family never miss the obamas
How it should be-GOP & Dems working together & sharing ideas. But there's one beautiful face In this pic I miss & love so much-drop the mic
EVERY face in this picture is that of a globalist. They're not R or D, they're NWO.
Thats Michelle obama shes. A man
Yes & thts why we're here, to make each other better & to stand by 1 another during difficult times.
These guys have nothing to do with any hurricane preparation or relief efforts. Strictly political photo op. That'll be a million$ each pls.
This is an extraordinary photo!
I agree! If for no other reason than N. Korea is watching us...
The shade !!! 
Me looking @realDonaldTrump in this photo
I agree when will our new president leave politics aside and just be human and help the huricane victims without any negative comments.
Love you!
Too bad you are not going along with this. "Because one side: all men, all white. On the other side: some women, some people of color.”
yes, all of former POTUS coming together but led by POTUS Trump.
Beloved all.
Curious.  Hubby keeps talking about "Resist."  Way to show unity.#MAGA
I love your tweets as always but I like to think of us as one global family. I'm Australian and my thoughts and prayers are with you all.
https://twitter.com/lauraleebordas/status/906185306797465601 …


would it go a long way
Thank you, Mrs. Obama! Be blessed!
Everybody knows this is bullshit and you don't write your own tweets,  unlike PRESIDENT TRUMP. #GoAwayObamas
If you run for president, you will be the most loved one...
Who's the jerk who reported the link as unsafe? And to that jerk: Wth is wrong with you????
@France4Hillary These are the Prz I like & love, 3 Prz Democrats, even Father & Son Prz Bush. Over any clown. Just sayin'
I'm from Brasil, but I'm concerned about the destruction a hurricane can do. Thank you Mrs. Michelle e Mr. Obama. The world miss you both.
This picture also highlights great things of the past, the horrible current conditions, and the only escape, the hope of tomorrow 
#
We don’t need you
Now this is awesome
And  puerto rico ???

Yea
: Mrs Obama. This is so true. I just heard about the loss of a person I work with. In a tragic way. This is what bullying does
I want to see how much of their millions they are donating or this just a opportunistic photo.

we  hope that you reconsider a run for president.
SERIOUSLY?? The rev Wrighrs church, underground weathermen? More racial division under there reign. Guess that's what u like
You really wonder?
THE U.S. "HAS BEEN", "IS NOW" AND ALWAYS WILL BE GREAT!..."WHEN WE COME TOGETHER IN SPITE OF OUR DIFFERENCES.
Together stronger .
Saleh Awdaly 
American Muslim
A FLOTUS that everyone loves and respects, and she doesn't have to self gloss wearing a cap with "FLOTUS" on it either!
Thank you
I see u deliberately left @POTUS out of the pic while reminding us how much we need each other #hypocrite
it's right . I love the Americans
You are a true woman... Majority role model
This was a class act. Thank you to you, and our great former presidents and first ladies.
The world misses you @BarackObama & @MichelleObama
Dear Mrs. Obama. Grt collective effort in US. #World (#SouthAsia #Carribean etc) needs #OneGlobalEmergencyResponseNetwork. #Support #Mentor
Why was Barack the "deporter in chief" ?
Yau're right we do need to come together. #45 isn't the man for the job however. Houston needs help, the U.S. Virg
V.I are desroyed now Fla.
ANOTHER SPEECH FROM OBAMA'S UNLAWFUL FRAUD,OBSTRUCTION,PERJURY LYING LEGACY LIVES ON. DISEASES ON RISE SINCE 2008 ARE 6 JUDGES WRONG? NO
http://www.fdu-rwanda.com/en/english-rwanda-the-arrest-of-former-presidential-hopeful-ms-diane-rwigara-fdu-inkingi-and-pdp-imanzi-members-kicks-off-the-political-programe-of-president-kagame-3rd-term/ …
Yes donate to Hillary so she can keep your money.
Thank you Michelle# the best
I totally agree Michelle It is truly a blessing to see and hear about the outpouring of help to our neighbors.

NWO
Remember how your husband (@BarackObama) blamed the guy to his left throughout his entire first term for every F'ing thing that went wrong?!
You are missed more than you can imagine. We miss your whole family including Mrs. Robinson and both of your siblings
Wow where was that thinking before Trump was elected.#Make America great again
Thank you so much for showing how united we are. So many came right away to help in Houston. I have never seen that before. Texans are best
Really michelle, really! How about if they come together with our President! You cant let go, cant you!

Are you people kidding me with this ass kissing crap they did shit Michelle Obama wasn't even proud of her country until her BHO was elected
Most of us didn’t want Coward who lied to families about Benghazi and abandoning those men while ur husband was doing God knows what ! SHAME
Where is, UM, what's his name?
Now, these are Presidents I will stand behind!!!
5 American Presidents coming together to restore America versus 1 Russian President trying to tear US apart, good vs evil, our fight cont's
Five Presidents... from both parties....!!!!
Have you thought about opening an account at @vivlium, sharing https://vivlium.com/documento-sos-people-with-firearm-injuries/4787/ … and earning 25% to donate to solidarity causes ¿?

Yes man, that is the way I was raised and I believe and practice that even today at 70yrs old.
I quit giving to them when it was discovered they spend hunderds of thousands on lobbyists! WHY does the SA need lobbyists?
We love you and miss you!
We need 2 come 2gether, yet u insult women voters? Abortion kills more women than all diseases COMBINED. Something I voted against! #ByeBye
I can see

We miss you so much!!
Quit talking out of your ass. Women and people of color voted for all the buffoons in DC including your other half...
Ate up much??? Jealousy is not pretty!!!! LOVE MY POTUS!! TRUMP!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIaJyGtKkps … you're such a good speaker- perhaps you should have a discussion of this black on white crime epidemic.
I respect all of these men, but have not one drop for our current POTUS
Did she say something about republicans being all white?  She might be a racist!
Never realized how racist you were!  Wow!
And thank you for not adding trump in the video. It wouldve ruined it. We all know hes selfish.
President Trump does not take his Ptesidentisl salary and gave 1 Million of his own money to hurricane relief.  ObamasAllTalk
learn to write you can tell you have no education at all just like your dummy president. Next where is the 1 million trump promised? Nowhere
It does not make you look like you like America
Funny you and ur husband have done nothing in 8+ years for Chicago. Your a sick racist who dwells on dividing the country and your a bold face liar like your racist husband. Your sick lady
3 dems 2 rep. That's how it should work.
I miss the old days Even the Bush years, never thought inwould have wished a Bush in office.  We miss you & Obama.
Did you forget when the Clintons & Clinton Foundation said they were taking donations to help w/ earthquake in Haiti? They stole from them
We need our Nation's Mom and Dad back!!! WE MISS U SOOOOOOO MUCH!! 
What Happened to Dumb tRump??

Guess Unqualified to be Amongst Greatness!!!!
Yea we don't need you that's for sure
One family? You think women who voted for Trump can't think for themselves. Traitorous hag, I've been doing just fine without your input.
I love ya 
We miss you, Michelle!
Morning

"Any woman that voted for Trump voted against their own voice" 
We DONT have a national spying program in this country! #barackobama #lies #obamas

My Brothers-Are-My-Keepers, God gave me 3, but 1 gave me the knee.
Do NOT donate to any of these large charities they do not give where it is needed
Yeah except when ur husband was the president or have u not made it down to Flint to see what people in crisis got from him? brain damage
the cavalry
Палачи...
Colluders
Yep. That's a absolutely right. Mem.
Must needs together,
Oh how we miss you!!.
Run for the next election
luv u Michelle. luv the way u carry yoself & i look2u as a positive role model
Miss you both everyday.
Were is Trump in the picture. Aaa just joking!!
love for u and the fam to attend our church in Clinton Md. http://TheTreeoflifechristainministry.org . nondrnirmanational...where the lord is there IS LIBERTY
listen ti the service on WAVA 105.1 fm at 1230 pm today Saturday
next.Present ofus
#MichellePres2020
That's one of our major problems. Five of America's worst presidents served nearly in succession. Only reprieve was the great Ronald Reagan.
And hurricane Maria. Lets not forget our puertorican US citizens brothers and sisters. Hoping to see same awareness as Harvey.

Trump is not there because he is NOT part of the Deep State. reminder that Trump used his own money to help the victims. What are u doing with your own money?
que Dieu vous garde en se moment difficile. just trust God  Michelle .
But didnt yiu jusy say not to trust the GOP because they are white and male?
Hello antey love u everyone
YOU specifically didn't include .@realDonaldTrump .@POTUS #transition of power...YOUR NOT FOOLING THE WISER THATS WHY YOU #indocrinate #MAGA

So very true!
Sabias palavras...
Amen
I congratulate our Presidents for their effort to reach out to the nation for help and unity. Our nation needed this video.
Amazing all FIVE 5 PRESIDENTS Together to Offer help and Care/Love for Americans ALONG WITH THEIR FIRST LADIES, GOD BLESS THEM/YOU ALL! 
Awww, look America. All the Presidents who aren't Nazis or owned by Russia. #Precious #GoodTimes #ThoseWereTheDays
