As we come together as one American family to help our neighbors, we are reminded how much we need each other.
Beautiful!
Please run for #POTUS
My family misses yours. Thanks for being such wonderful role models.
truly Presidential!
Sure do miss you and yours in the White House.
You have my vote in 2020
Love y'all 
Sr Obama, es usted un gran lider, saludos desde Colombia
Spoken like a true First Lady.
Presidential at its best!!!
Love You!
Hope the family doing well! 
We miss you! You have so much class.
And YOU, your husband and your family represent everything that's good, pure and decent about this country...!
5 very different men, all w/diverse  views/politics, w/some of which I disagreed. Yet all of whom I trusted leading our country: & still do
Those are PRESIDENTS!
We miss you and Prez, be well.
I miss you very much.
Thank you 
You were the BEST FLOTUS.
I couldn't agree more. I'm glad to see so many businesses, Organizations and Americans helping each other. Continued prayers go out to all.
We love you!
Thank you we needed to hear from you, it helps us get through these horrible times. God Bless you always

I miss you Michelle
We miss you.  Every day. In every way.
Thank you!
Class, every one of them.  Even W...and I hated him!  I did love Papa Bush though
God Bless America. We stand with You to Pray that all our American Friends are Safe and Healthy. Sun will Shine soon. Love from India..
Presidents 39, 41,42,43, the greatest 44th President. Did a PSA and why do you think 45th was left out on #Purpose, who knows why.
love u Ms Obama!!!
Love you!!!
We  you!

Michele 2020
This is the first "Presidential" thing I've seen this year!  Thank you for coming together for the good of the country!!
We miss you and President obama so much..we need a "change" more than ever right now!
I wish any one of these men (or their amazing wives!) were back in the White House.
Men of honor and integrity!
Thank you. Awesome film clip.

I love the video
MISS YOU AND @POTUS44 !!!
This country is blessed to have you in it. Your the epitome of class beauty #StrongWomen beautiful person period. p.s (Save Us From ->)
THESE are true #Presidents, who cares about #America and her people. Not bragging about the size of the storm or crowds. #thankyou
You got more love then water.....God bless America
My First Lady
You are the best
I miss you and @BarackObama SO MUCH!!! My FOREVER #potus & #flotus 
Lol you wish forever  they are disgrace to our great nation
It's indeed the beauty of American democracy !!
It's truly wonderful to see everyone come together. With the blessings of the Texas Court and it's new order. I may lend a legal hand.
Would an Obama, any Obama, come visit us in Tacoma WA? We love y'all!
joint statements, buts cool.  We what our already great country back! Thank U our REAL Presidents! Never stop! We LUV U! Thank U, Michelle!
Wish u could run for president
love to see. Everything return back too normal. We have Irma. Love supporting
Boy do we miss you
You Obama's are so awesome I miss you my favorite President and first family
i love this bt seeing @GeorgeHWBush hurt my . thank you, gentlemen, for spreading the word. as pres bush41 said, #WeLoveTX.
& #WeLoveFL 
Your the Best World woman ever
We miss you and Obama is still our president 
So thankful to God to see the Ex President cone together and speak about what going on in Houston. Now they need to come together about WH.
realy Madame Obama
Ja ,ja , you are entièrement ok avec ce que tu dis
Thank you for caring! Save the children. Go to their schools, follow their day and most of http://all.Love  them and their parents!
Actual Presidents! And no trump.
Hello
and all you do is race bait. Good for you
Absolutely! And thankful that 45 is absent! So there is truth in the video!
Usted como embajadora de las injusticias apoye a @jusapol por la #EquiparacionYA Policías y Guardias merecen ser tratados con equidad
stealing from Haiti
Thank you to all our outstanding former presidents! You bring hope to all Americans affected by the hurricanes!
So wholesome to see the former Presidents come together. We miss you Mrs. Obama and will forever love you.
We pray for those affected in Houston and now Florida, we trust and believe despite losses God will see the residents through

Have anyone seen any formal President helping Texas or Florida out?
Please don't forget enough black high heels.
Miss have a classy First Lady & real President in the White House instead of a TRICK & his THOT!
Forever my Flotus. We miss you Michelle.
We all love you so much
The outpouring of support?You mean like the fake propaganda of you Obummers passing out food in TX & 2 weeks to visit Louisiana after flood
We all love you
I love you guys
We miss you!!
Here in Chile we hnow about that...the only way to go trough, is been an united country without differences...
What are their expenses and are they personally donating and how much?
Awesome! Now, I'd like thr nxt effort to be helping Mueller oust tht fungus in the WH!!
And what about Trump speech ?
Houston/Beaumont strong
You are so eloquent and classy.
Well said
@MichelleObama WE MISS YOU. WE LOVE YOU. COME BACK TO US.  Thank you for all the sacrifices you and your family have made for us. 
You have such a beautiful mind and you're so kindhearted. Wish there were more of you mrs. Obama
Thank you for sharing this....you are a great person & many of us miss you and @BarackObama
Yes! THIS is America\Amazing!!!
Where’s the cigar?  I did not have sexual relationships. I caused gas crisis in the 70’s.
Agreed! We love & miss you, Pres. Obama & your family, greatly! Thank you for your exceptional service, leadership & compassion! @POTUS44
Thank You For Having Such A Beautiful Heart! 
Aloha! to all!
All the way from Sydney, Australia we too feel your pain Houston
Yeah also Slick Willie Clinton Foundation did a great job leaving the People of Haiti homeless & starving after they received millions #No
Yes Mrs O. Reminds me of better times.   Regards to Mr O.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=suaw_M6zRt4 …
Miss you and President Obama. Nothing but class
We don't want help from CRIMINALS
We love you too,but then POTUS is doing just fine for now.
We are begging you to run for #PresidentOfUnitedStates PLEASE!!!! 
BRILLIANT!! THANK YOU!!!
ps...can ya get together now to issue a joint statement meant to help rescue our democracy? Asking for a nation
Ohhh, how much we miss you. The country is going to hell fast. Somebody do something!! Hugs.
Dear Michelle, you are by far the most appreciated @FLOTUS in the world. Hope you will be the next @POTUS .
Miss all of you! Honest truth.
That is the spirit of America. Hope Nigerian leaders will learned from this.
Not all American...We all from ASEAN country love to help n contribute.......
Maybe y'all can move on to another hurricane. Thanks for the thought though.
I miss you every single day! You are an inspiration to so many women and young girls!
Please help Myanmar Rohingya
Well Done POTUS!
God bless Michelle...makes me happy to see posts from you, Barack and all our former presidents.  Cant image our country without you all.

DOPE
Where is the help for Puerto Rico??? They are U.S. citizens, too. How dare we allow our own to starve. I'm ashamed to be a citizen :(
I wish you all the best ....
#HR4HR
video just gave me chills! To see all the former presidents being presidential!!!!
We taken 4 granted. Now lunatic in office
Please run for president, Thank you
Love that!!!
Love you Michelle!!!!

It's so sad that Hillary now blames Biden as well he is such a good man
Why you stop your mouth ?
Here is some support from people who vote Democrat:
I need. Your help Michelle please to Michelle Obama  only please ocean manor South Florida asap emergency way past
Why not give credit to our President?
@johnlegend we will always remain grateful to you our first lady Michelle Obama, we miss u so much
Real Presidents
Thank you @MichelleObama please pray for Florida. #IrmaHurricane2017 #pleasemissfla
We love you Mrs First Lady
Save some of that love for Florida.
We miss the Obama family.....
 So much! Oh God!
Despite who we have as #45 - Please come back to DC. We need a real leader.
Good

Agreed. And the violent crime that went unchecked in Chicago from 2012-2016 represents the worst of who we are
Yes it does!

Miss you dearly FLOTUS!!!
So maybe you should tell your supporters to stop wishing death on Floridians.
Yes that's what America is about #love
After their done with this could you ask them to put heads together and come up with a plan for how to reign in or kick out 45.
Come back Al Gore #comeBackGore
Best First Lady ever
You're missing the best President ever in this video.  TRUMP MAGA.
Much love 4 Miss ,loves you 2 
That is true Mme. @MichelleObama .
Wr miss the Obama's first lady please run
WOW all of them.were my President and I love all of the PARTY'S then NOW SMH GOD BLESS AMERICA
Love you, Michelle!
I want to add my voice:  Please run for president. You would be magnificent.
YES!  I've been saying this for months! All of our REAL presidents need to collab against the Grifter infesting the WH! We will regain
.. Michelle Obama u r the most beautiful woman in the world .. hahahaha
.
Allow me to be the foreigner!
.
#Truthbearer
.
Most of them will die! Hey at least you played a part in it.
.
;336 Iyr
Praying for Texas
TEXAS needs to reverse laws that currently don't allow Texans to access info abt hazardous chemicals produced/stored in their state.
I miss you First Lady
Thank you for sharing and showing that compassion still exist and what being Americans is really about
Why do people in danger need a rapist and a crook wishing them well?

You will be a great president. I love your passion.
Michelle Obama for President 2020
We need The X-Presidents, @nbcsnl. Bring them to us!
