Prince Harry and @michelleobama made a surprise visit to students at Hyde Park Academy in Chicago. 
Princess Diana has two great sons
And America had a great First Lady. They still have a great lady.
YES! You can't say one bad thing about The Obamas
I'm going to have to disagree! Pres. Obama is no longer President & Michelle isn't there with him! THAT IS ONE V[ERY BAD THING 4 EVERYONE!
Rehydrate?
Sorry, I meant why?
You have to ignore  the haters , they troll everywhere
**Cries

 You and Harry are invited to my house for dinner, just saying, you know, only RSVP first so I clean the house.
Lol. Like this tweet
So do I!
#WeMissYouBarackObama

@ObamaFoundation 

#ObamaSummit

#CongratsTheObamaFundation

#MichelleObama 
Two of the classiest acts in public life today - Michelle & Harry.
Thank you Madam

Proud
I miss them 
Me too.
How nice to see these to excellent role models for the youth of the world.
Two Sorry , Twitter for the love of God add edit!!
Love that , what church do you attend ?
Oh yeah, you and Harry are just regular pals....do u do manis and pedis together? Give us a break u obsequious suck up just ingratiating yourselves into the BRF in any way you can.
Is it true that Great Britain has voted to lower the consent age to 12 years old???
Obama in returning Churchill bust broke all proper rules of protocol. You all truly need some training.
Such style, such grace, such compassion, what a first lady, we miss seeing you in America's house. The current occupant rarely shows any emotion.
I miss you and your husband SOOOOOO much. And I’m not even American.

Hi mom pls come home the babysitter is weird.
lol
CLEANING SERVICES RALEIGH NC
International Protocol rules neither you nor Barack will get  an invitation to attend wedding. Need a lesson?
Just Awesome!
Hi @MichelleObama, I am currently in grad school in Chicago. I am trying to raise awareness when it comes to the struggles of minorities in higher education. https://youtu.be/2wrsTIFO5Ec  Thank you for your time!
I miss them #letsgirlslearn
Hey the queen will never invite you to the wedding , ever. The WH decoration is the best . When you decorated WH it was like a ghetto decor. You are from ghetto .
REASON number 2,987,823 why @BarackObama’s Presidency mattered!
I mean, there are kids in England who have never met and may never meet Prince Henry.
Thank you, #ForeverFlotus, for bringing the world to our children.
A todo aquel de buen corazon que pueda ayudar a 6 hermanos huerfanos sin hogar. Si desean ayudarnos escriba al email. romeroangel55@hotmail.com 
Mi madre y madre fallecieron hace 4 meses y hoy necesito de sus ayudas. Para criar a mis hermanos desde ya muchas gracias
Prince Harry is a liberal , working against our president Trump
Stupid twits. Do some real work. Oh you don't know how.
You're not like Diana just because you hang with her son in the crib. LOL
Tell your husband mr. Obama he is doing a great job . and did you get to meet Richard Overton god bless you and your family
Please have Harry call me. 
Love you both!
Thank you Mrs. Obama.
OMG I miss these people so badly! Grace and compassion for others at all times.

But you support abortion go figure "A nation that kills its unborn is a nation that has lost its soul."
St Teresa of Calcutta
You are not welcome at the royal wedding . You need to grow to the privilege to be at the royal wedding .
You’re far too emanared w/ royalty. But then again, I can understand your reasons for gushing over them. They’re talentless, unproductive, subsidize their lavish lifestyles 100% via the tax payers, mooches, too. 
Harry told me you lit your farts for him.
Michele and. Harry drop the. Mic!!!!!!
For the first time, in 8 years, I'm proud to be an American. 

;)
Welcome to the beautiful master

Hi Ms.Obama I don’t know if you will see this but my school is predominately white and this year our principal agreed to have our first black history month celebration. We are encouraged to reach out to African Americans in our life who made and impact on us and i was wondering
if you could come or at least send in a letter that I could read on your behalf of someone that inspired you to achieve such greatness
https://www.bonanza.com/listings/DSQUARED2-Best-Icon-Adjustable-Men-s-Cotton-Hat-Baseball-Cap-Black-Free-Ship/532819239 …
Im you were won for president you and Bernie Sanders me in the spirit world can guaranteed you win
How amazing, thank you for being a wonderful role model!    Help find #scottkurland
You still ain't getting an invite!
How are you friends?
He appears to be a great guy!

You have to get your husband and Hillary to atone for the slavery he caused in Libya. Sorry is not enough.
The looks on these faces are priceless. So much more productive and rewarding to bring joy and happiness into others lives, than hate and fear.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1Aztz7egfU&feature=share …
Speaks to your shallow mind.
http://salarydaily.com/?cash=42287 
Like & Subscribe
He's a jolly good fellow.... got the kind heart of his dear mother...

Wow impressive!
we finally have a descent First Lady  that's been proud of this country from the first day she got here.
Best madam ILIKE .I.am.weriy .happy .good morning .madam weriy beutiyful Best
MO you are so obsequious towards Prince Harry and the royals!  How nauseating. Run Harry run!!!
https://www.gofundme.com/seporasatcher 

Pls share if you can
Wishing you were still FLOTUS!!!
Great seeing you last night at the Bushnell in CT! I gave you a Springfield College Shirt! Hope you wear it... Much Love and Respect...

Hear me out please.

(Thread) https://twitter.com/preshgaza/status/930533399101657088 …

Lego City Advent Calendar 60155 Gifts For Christmas 2017 FREE SHIPPING
We will give you 10% With Discount codes 016YKSK9YTDG Off for the product with free shipping.
Buy it now : https://goo.gl/Miugwr 
#Trump2020

I love you, First Lady Michelle Obama. Your grace, beauty, strength integrity were and are an inspiration to all women.

Still doing good around the world. Thank you for all you and President Obama still do
Wonderful
I miss the Obamas
hello 507 65447059
Good evening, if you could take a minute to read this I would be much apprecative
Hello Michelle!How Are You?
you are my role model can u help me to get my master study financially am weak please
I'm Proud of the Obama Family
Michelle you are the best  First Lady ever.
Hi

Awrsome!! Mrs. Obama!!! Run for POTUS!!!
http://bit.ly/2yhmbHP 
My True First Lady. I miss You and my President
You are beautiful @MichelleObama

DEMS SCRAMBLING! AUDIO OF MICHELLE OBAMA’S ‘WONDERFUL MAN’ SHOWS SICK TH... https://youtu.be/IA4c1pHXt14  @
You should come to Muskoka and see the awesome Rock of Ages! Do you wanna rock??? Cause, I WANNA ROCK!!!!!!!!
Michelle America & misses you!
I don't like you
You go , Ms Obama  and Prince Harry, change lives
Beautiful thank for giving our children something to be hopeful for
wish you can visit South Africa again
You are awesome, you accomplished so much, you are a model, an inspiration to a lot of people, you are great, I admire you a lot

Your friend...prince Harry....;)
Mrs Obama. Can u please help us in South Africa on the issue of racism between whites and blacks. We need a dialogue here as in now. Help.

My 84-yr-old mom made our favorite dinner tonight > Spinach Pie!! (Your recipe from WH Garden book.)
Pic > Mom + our dog Mia
Love u Michelle Obama, when will class, dignity, respect, intelligence ever return to the White House? 

 I think most of us miss the Obamas’ God help us all because some people don’t know even when they have a good thing!
What an awesome surprise! And how special to do this together with Prince Harry! #friendship
You are missed!  Glad to see your awesome work in the community continues!

Why so silent? Heard the house is crumbling
#MichelleObama2020
Hi, Michelle or Mrs.Obama your coming to CT in a couple of weeks I will love to take a photo with my name is Connie Security can't wait thnk
I wish President Obama could run for some office in Congress we need his knowledge..just saying
Love this 
Awesome!
Hey Micheal. Where are you and Barry hiding ? North Korea? Iran ? Its coming.. your day is coming   #MAGA #WINNING
Did anyone ask Michelle how big her penis is
Totally awesome@michelleobama @TheMLife1
Hi how u dey
Michelle Obama Can't No First Lady Touch You 
Entitled hypocrite!
That's fantastic!!
How awesome!!  Luck students!!  Thank you for your continued service!!!  Miss you in the White House!!!!




Miss the class of the First Lady and President Obama.

GOP budget cuts $1.5 trillion from medicare/medicaid. Contact your Congressman to say NO tax cuts for the 1%.
Our favorite First Lady ever with our favorite Ginger ever. Nothin' better.
Thank you for your continuing support for students.  You are a wonderful role model.
@MichelleObama don’t you think he’s too entitled? I think BLACK women are the most entitled, ignorant people on the planet! 
The only time she likes white people is when she can use them to her advantage to boost her higher.
That most have been a 'once in a lifetime'-surprise for those students.
Michelle I need your husband back in the big house dammit
hello michelle
Can't imagine those two as friends. Boy, am I disappointed in him!
