From the very beginning, we've worked to give students a space to navigate the college process and celebrate their plans for the future.
We think that "saying things out loud makes them happen" and that students can charge of their future by getting a higher education.
In the past two years, we’ve launched essay contests w/ @seventeen & @MTV, celebrated #CollegeSigningDay w/ thousands of you...
We created #UpNext to give high school and college students like YOU the information you need to get to and through college! 
We launched our inaugural #BetterMakeRoom Student Advisory Board this year! They've been doing some incredible work in their communities. 
And we're not done yet! We have so many more things in store for this coming year, and thank you all for your support! #BetterMakeRoom 

Thank you, Michael! 
the prince army said its real and all we with the prince army troy its me michelle obama bye

The importance of education..priceless.
#stopAfrinGenocide


BREAKING
BOMBSHELL ACCUSATIONS NAMING FORMER PRESIDENT @BARACKOBAMA IN AN ADULTERY & CRACK-COCAINE FOR SEX SCANDAL - MASSIVE…
Michelle Obama Neighborhood Library: Where Satanic Drag Queens Read To Children - https://www.cernovich.com/michelle-obama-satanic-drag-queen/ …
exelent launch.
Thank god everything u did at the WHITEHOUSE has been changed !!
Wow, I’ve missed a lot this week! Thank you again! Please stay in the light so we can see you, we need you, as I say ...you and @BarackObama ARE THE CREAM THAT FLOATS TO THE TOP!
Students matter ~ they are our future generation!!
I truly miss y'all.  Please know y'all helped so many Americans, changed things for the better,  & most of all gave us hope! @BarackObama will always be my President. Y'all brought us too far for us to be taken back! 

Listen up witch we put up with your racist bigoted ways for 8 yrs enough already your family tried to ruin this country
Why was there dark money in decent living paths, not wanting to be recordable and reportable ?
Not any more, Praise JESUS! THANK GOD WE NOW HAVE A FIRST LADY WITH CLASS AND THAT LOVES AMERICA!!! YOU AND BARRY ARE GOING DOWN THE DRAIN WITH THE REST!!!MAGA!!!7 MORE YEARS!!!

Students who are black....
#BetterMakeRoom for that bulge in your underwear Mikey.
Make sure to let all the little boys know if they try to hard & get successful They will become Entitled men. #hypocrite #corrupt
Yeah tell that to all inner city kids not educated, no skills & turning to gangs they have been forgotten & left behind
Society needs to continue to push excellence in education. #NoChildLeftBehind
God Bless First Lady Michelle Obama and President Barak Obama for your excellent efforts for American
Lilone66
 and now she’s worried about all their criminal doings being exposed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uY42Sdnk_kw …  when living under Sharia/Islam
your motivational speech about white people, sure inspiring, sure it does good
Bravo!
Pensez en nous africains, surtout qui avons plus besoin. 
Cordialement...

Do U still support #CrookedHillary

Türkiye'de 668 bebek hapiste. Buna sen de SES VER!
#668bebekhapiste #668babiesareinprison #668babyarärifängelse 
I am Michael (Jesus), this is for Everyone who has Lost a Child, My Angel feels your Pain, he Protects your Heart
Dear Michele pls follow events on Spain. Nationalist in Catalonia are breaking the prosperity and our future and that of next generations.
Dear Michele pls follow events on Spain. Nationalist in Catalonia are breaking the prosperity and our future and that of next generations.
Hey FLOTUS 44 hope u and the little mister are habing a great day love yah

Hi
I am sorry for taking advantage of  Obama saying he is my dad
Michelle i hear u have a side dude, is that true? u dont have to reply
JUST IN: Clinton campaign, DNC funded research behind infamous Trump-Russia dossier: report http://hill.cm/8SsIVh6 
Worth looking into
You might be an even worse photoshop user than my grandma
except of course when those women voted against hillary and voted for her husband. hypocrite.
Yours and your criminal husband "legacy" is so insignificant and already forgotten with the exception of trying to fix what Obama destroyed!
Shut up about trump you and your man where the worst for america ever do shut up


How inspiring I have plans to do big things in the world. I know, I can & I will. Kindness & love always wins @BetterMakeRoom @MichelleObama
You were an amazing first lady! U actually did a lot of wonderful things for our children! Thank you Mrs Obama 
SOS! I am a victim of virtual terrorism manipulated by President Donald J. Trump and his Organization
Melania Trump DEFINITELY the most beautiful FLOTUS ever!!!
Take care of Mr President, he is gaining heaps of weight, isn’t?

Video: Ex- presidents get together in Texas to support Hurricane victims https://susanorji.blog/2017/10/22/video-ex-presidents-get-together-in-texas-to-support-hurricane-victims/ … via @suzdick

She didn't mention she happened to be walking by the school for the blind as they were learning to make and test dog whistles.

BENGAZI-NATIONAL SECURITY RISK-EMAILS-12 yr. old victim of rape, she defended the perp. URANIUM ONE. This is why women voted for DT.REALHOPE
Millions of women knew not to vote for HRC. She's corrupt, arrogant, SHOULD BE BROUGHT UP ON RICO CHARGES, and CLINT/FOUN PRIVATE SERVER.
Michael Robinson aka Michelle Obama, this picture really brings the man out.
So you needed 16 people on your staff costing US hard working tax payers 1.24 million dollars s a year?! HOW DARE YOU!! You are such a greedy and fake person. Don’t you even care? Are you that vain?! Melania Trump has so much more class than you it’s really pathetic.
You must agree, the full extent of the law these criminals should get!
https://twitter.com/hoosiers1986/status/921481557482856449 … this is real class
Mrs. Obama would you consider running for President in 2020 and have Sen. Elizabeth Warren as VP running mate?
Mrs.Obama would you consider running for President in 2020 and have the Governor of New Mexico Mrs. Martinez be your VP running mate?
We the people miss you and Barack in the peoples house.
Melania Trump cuts bloated first lady payroll from Michelle Obama days http://fxn.ws/2xbC0zy  #FoxNews
It's ok, dems always spend the poor peoples money better than anyone!
Melania Trump cuts bloated first lady payroll from Michelle Obama days
I REALLY miss her! She was so down to earth unlike the current @FLOTUS.
Ohhhhh how I miss Michelle and her husband!!!
she is a great lady
Doing great  things!!!
she always has
Obama’s 1st year, 16 people work for Michelle, earning $1.24 million/year; today, 4 people work for Melania at total of $486,700  #MAGA
Love & miss our FIRST LADY MICHELLE. Wish she was in the WH BUT WILL ALWAYS BE OUR FIRSTLADY
Go away!
That did not turn out so good so MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN is the only thing working in two decades
a real FLOTUS
You can place an order now----
https://www.fiverr.com/designer_nayma/create-a-minimal-logo-design …
Hopefully see you soon.thank you (D_nayma)
It was a better .....much better white house and better world with YOU and mr Obama in the OFFICE .......
Good an God bless the Obamas
To the best, brightest and most graceful First Lady, bar none.
Experiencing a first-person perspective of George Orwell‘s thought police, in the context of an itinerant “forum” of the C.I.C. is an ordeal
You, Mrs. Obama, are still my First Lady! Your integrity, strength and intelligence shows girls and “grown up” girls what a woman can be.TY!
@FLOTUS This is how to be a First Lady
@FLOTUS lacks intelligence and passion for serving the public & loves lavish life why she married old Trump. Only good on plagiarizing. Sad.
Great! I'm very proud of him doing that!
I guess dump trump got rid of that too
Yes, so amazing and proud
You will always be my First Lady. @MichelleObama 
Thank you,, ma'am.  Seems to ve getting a little dusty in here.
@JoyReid @AmySiskind This is how we win. When they're low we go high. Spreading their influence.
So dignified! Love the Obamas! Miss u!
@MichelleObama It breaks my heart that the current administration doesn't do the amazing things that Obama's did.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!! You are truly missed!!
If only she were still our First Lady 

Oh Happy 2nd Anniversary 
We miss your style and grace 
WE MISS YOU @MichelleObama
Moscow fake news stop your nonsense
Sadly this seems like a million years ago that we actually had intelligence and stability in the White House or Washington for that matter
SOS!! Help us!
We would love to have Education & the educated back in our White House, again.
Incredible work you have done.
ONCE AGAIN, SHE'S NO PART OF THAT CRAP!
Oh, I remember when...those were the days!

Dad says if I get 2 million plays, he'll pay for flight 2 Cali & 1 year rent #FreeBoMason

TWITTER, SHOW UR POWER!

…

Pleasepleasepleaseplease help us!!!!!
 #BetterMakeRoom @BetterMakeRoom @MichelleObama
