What a beautiful couple, in so many ways. You 2 are loved and admired by many! You have been a blessing to our country. Happy Anniversary!
I  this!
The real meaning of OTP
Happy Anniversary may God bless you with many more. To God be the Glory!
Happy Anniversary !   #Happy25yrsObamas
HAPPY ANN and may God continue to bless your union!! 
Happy Anniversary!
Happy Anniversary! It's so wonderful to see you two look at each other or interact...obviously so much respect and love between you. Miss U
 Lovely! 
Thank you for all you have done for this country.
Yes he is AMAZING. I love you both, your humanity, intelligence and grace under the toughest of situations. We miss you 
He is the most extraordinary man that we all know. We love you guys. Happy Anniversary.
Happy Anniversary #teamobama
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY! America & the world misses you both! 
We love you! And we miss your intelligence, grace, humor and empathy. Congratulations!!
auguri
You both are so loved, you have no idea!
Happy 25 years anniversary
I&missuboth #HappyAnniversary2theObamas
May God bless you always. You are such a great example of what a marriage should be like.
Happy Anniversary to both of you love guys. Have awesome day.
I'm British and your footy players stood for the queen anthem but not your own, you had 8 years in office did you do nothing for your people
Much love to the Obamas on their 25th anniversary!!
It's also our silver wedding anniversary, congratulations!
A quarter of a century and an inspiring couple. Best wishes to you both! 
Happy 
anniversary
God Bless the Obamas! The best 1rst family ever, you guys have no idea how much this country missed both!
Happy anniversary to the couple that won the hearts of many. Mine included!
Happy Anniversary
Awww, happy anniversary!!
Happy Anniversary to you both!!
We love and miss you both dearly.
Happy Anniversary @MichelleObama & @BarackObama Thank you for the respect & integrity you show to each other and to the world! #LoveGoals 
He's always flirting with her. It is so cute.
Yes! After all of these years, he still has a crush on her. I love it!
They're an example to all of us. They were, by far, the finest individuals and family that ever lived in the White House.
The entire CIVILIZED WORLD misses the grace, intelligence and compassion of the Obamas, now more than ever.
#HappyAnniversary
Exactly. Perfectly said
Thank you
Uh huh....live in the past if you must. Whatever gets you through the day
Wow such a wonderful loving couple always setting a finexample  for youngsters teens adults and seniors all over the world, I’m Canadian and admire them so very much they are what being American is all about
Happy Anniversary to an exemplary couple. And y'all are adorable, too. 

Love them & this WORLD misses them in the White House!!!Happy Anniversary!May your love forever shine!!!
Excuse me?? The World? Ah No the World doesn’t miss them in the WH!! Half the world doesn’t miss them!!!
Congrats! Glad there is are public figures we can still point to as examples for our children.
Like her too ?
The ONLY ones who EVER bring up Race are YOU the racists. Why do you do that. Race cards are worn out and expired = FAIL

That Miss Demeanor lady is crazy.

Like Ann Coulter crazy.
You like Marx ?

that thing called LOVE is found here 
moments shall never be loct #heavellronaldo
 @Rnaldogeda
Harvey Weinstein is a sexual predator
Looks like a Seperated at Birth
Lord knows I love these two! Reminds me so much of me and my honeybunch of 48 Yrs!

Now they are a decent couple!
Which one is the groom
I look up to u two
Vomit!!!
Beautiful
Bonjour, vous! :)
Quel beau couple !...
Je vous souhaite à tous une  très  belle  journée ...
Isabelle

Really
Congratulations to you both! Much respect and love to you and Barack !

QUI FAIT QUOI ? ET OU VA-T'ON ? http://www.prophete-du-sacre-coeur.com/ 
I love them.
congratulations!
Sea michelle obama  reciba ud  y familia mis respetos. Y  salud
So cute couple mam
Congratulations!!!
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/canbangladesh-turn-their-form-around.html …
Nice
#WorstPresidentEver
Have you been in a coma for the last year?  Obviously, yes.

Hypocrite?DemonRats are the shithole
Happy Anniversary! We love and miss you both so much!
No we don't.

Yeah- a one year reprieve so far from total disaster after ObambaZinga
You're an ass............
Very nice
when you know they have been married longer than @realDonaldTrump last two marriages.
Congratulations to my President and First Lady.
. Madam president Bailey North Carolina small town we would like for you to use this as your podium in 2020
I was heartbroken but if there's a family out there that has a space  Madden Michelle inquire you may get shock
Imposters.....both of them.
Happy always!
We celebrated 21 years on 9/21/2017. #blacklove
We recently celebrated our 43rd anniversary.  My husband served as a Marine for 30 years; he, Barack & you are amazing people. Thank you.
Congratulations! God bless your marriage
https://t.me/joinchat/E4S6DQ-zgwBmwaiEO5BdkQ …  TEAM BARACK AND MITCHELL
Miss you both!
Congrats
Not AMERICANS!
Wonderful Lady we love you so much.
Congrats to my favorite couple! 
This country desperately needs you all.!
Happy anniversary
With much love
HAPPY 25TH ANNIVERSARY!
Muchas felicidades 
I miss y'all every day!!
just viewed Shondra Rhimes &your conversation via C-SPAN; thx u for sharing your special day w/us in such a special way
My President
True relationship goals! Y'all were the best 1st family we ever had and all y'all deserved better treatment by the public/GOPers! Love you!
Felicidades!
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!!!!!! WE MISS YOU #44
You are always looking good, go girl
I love you
Real role models for the married couple.
Happy Anniversary !
I love u both so much
“It’s unfortunate MichelleObama wld disregard the contributions of conservativewomen&people of allbackgrnds w 1 sweeping, false accusation.”
Hbd

I can see your fidelity
Many many congratulations both of u...lots of 
You guys are the epitome of class, and a lot of Canadians love you!
Oh @BarackObama & @MichelleObama , you both are the most beautiful couple! Happy anniversary  How I miss you protecting our democracy!
So marvelous.
Banyak Selamat buat Bapak dan Ibu Obama, God Bless your family
We all miss you guys!!
God we love and miss you guys . Please tell me your running please please please!!!! Please save us
Happy Aniversary to one of the greatest couple! We miss you!
Happy Anniversary and many more!  Love and miss you both.
Congratulations
I have a very nice family and a very good wife
The Nation misses our King & Queen!! Celebrate!
May you both have many, many more together. 

HAPPY 25th ANNIVERSARY
Congrats to both of you dudes.
Lovely! May God continue to bless your union.
#ILoveMyVoice #WomenForTrump #TrumpStrong #Trump2020 
That doesn’t look like a happy face, Michelle.
BREAKING
BOMBSHELL ACCUSATIONS NAMING FORMER PRESIDENT @BARACKOBAMA IN AN ADULTERY & CRACK-COCAINE FOR SEX SCANDAL - MASSIVE…
Love you guys!
Happy anniversary. You are a fantastic family. I think that the World has losted your carismatic presidential family
You both are amazingly great role models to our country and truly missed. Love ya both. Happy 25th Anniversary.
Congratulations you two!!! You are a beautiful couple who are obviously very in love
We love him 2 and we miss you so much. 
Michelle when will we see your (first) memoir?  You deserve to settle some scores.
I miss all your love and hard work to make the United States a better place. Speaking with so much Grace... thank you for trying..
That's y they say Marriages r made in Heaven
If @MichelleObama had ran for President than Hillary.. She would have won by huge margin..
Glad people are finally seeing the real racists in this country.
Come baaaaaack!!!
is fantastic to see this king of pictures, God bless and you family
Dear Obamas: you deserve all the time together you want -- but, damn, we sure do miss you, need you.
C ant wait for MY "Obama"
I miss your
He's most definitely the best role model for impressionable black youth. Hell, the old ones too
The ultimate power couple!
25 more years
I pity you
Happy Anniversary  Much love from Canada!! 

I admire you and want you! Congratulations!! You are the best! God bless you!!
Socialist
Happy Anniversary (belated) & MANY more, u 2! #BestFirstCoupleEVER
Amen sister! 
Goals
Congrats to you two lovebirds :)
Muchas felicidades, una gran mujer al lado de un gran hombre
So glad you two found each other. What a team. 
Sweet!!!
Happy Anniversary
Wishing u more and more joyful years together
Happy anniversary!
We don’t have this kind of relationships that lasts that long anymore!! Crongrats for you guys, Obamas!!
Congrats to you
Lucky lady..and lucky man.  Peace, blessings and warm wishes for 50 more!
True love!!
How many other pervert slept in the Lincoln bedroom?
Happy Anniversary
Can we see pics of you pregnant?
We miss you  President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama.  Thank you for being leaders for good.
Thank you for 8 wonderful years.
To be honest, majority of Americans would like you to be our next president. We  you & Barack Obama.
Don, I wouldn't ask anyone to sacrifice themselves again for their country. They put in 8 Great years, let them enjoy themselves now. Others must pick up the torch for Freedom and America since Trump has dropped it in the mud.
Happy Anniversary to one of the most inspirational couples in the world!
Congratulations!
