Hope there was some fruity dtinks
Thank you for reminding us what is important.
Is that a beach? Or did you two travel back home to your " sandy" Muslim country?  Yeah happy V day to USA- that you destroyed!!
The stupidity of some people
How petty!
hoping to see you back in Oahu...and working with Maya and kids..
when are you gonna come out of the closet?
This is gross - feet are gross.
@maryaddie100 @BarackObama Waiting for Melania's tweet to her sweetie #45!
did she?
Not that I know of.
♡

WE LOVE AND MISS YOU!  Enjoy each other 
there are no words 
actually I'm ready to get to work on your next project. The children needs our support.
I really do want a love like Michelke and Barack 

happy Valentine's Day to you and your #silverfox   Puro esempio d'amore 
.@MichelleObama @BarackObama We miss having class and dignity in the White House!
and order and intellect.
Love-ly!
please come back. Pleeeeeaaaassssseeeee
come back
PLEASSSSEEEE Come back!
The cutest couple ever!
please come back soon we need you!
We miss you both terribly. .No class in the WH anymore..We fear for our country
Rest up you two. We need you both now more than ever!!
y'all, don't troll us like this. We miss you. Miss you. *sniff sniff*
I  y'all
Happy valentine's day to both of u. Always an inspiration for me.
Love from India.
COME BACK AND SAVE THE US
oh no come back come back come back you deserve a vacation but we have to have you back
miss you both! Happy Valentines Day!
I LOVE YOU MOM AND DAD
just love this. Happy Valentine's Day you two.
For the love of God....get back here!!!
Michelle- you think you could talk Barack into coming back for good? "We the people" would really appreciate it!
#Goals
So good to hear from you! Have a wonderful day. <3
wow nice bhabhiji.
We miss you both even more than we thought we would!
You two deserve all the island time.
I LOVE YOU GUYS! 
Please come back.   We need you!
Love you both, but we need you to help!
Happy Valentines Day. We miss you.
enjoy you two you deserve it
que bonitooo
Please come back 
GOALS OMG
We miss you both dearly!! Enjoy a nice long well deserved vacation!!


come back!!
THEY ARE NEVER COMING BACK
LOL stop it! I must believe, it keeps me going!
.@JasmineLWatkins @MichelleObama @BarackObama This is how I imagine Barack and Michelle right now.
Best possible reference!
Wait, WHAT!!??!!
He was Batman too. OUTSTANDING!!
We are all Alfred screaming, "Gotham needs you!" because Twoface set it on fire or something
Hahahahahahahahaha. YES, THIS

Because he is the hero we need & definitely the one we want.
Normally feet kind of freak me out, but you guys are so cute I don't even care.
AWN,SO CUTEEE 
which foot is yours Michelle 
I just want my parents to come back
EVERY SINGLIE DAY of this shit storm I feel this way.
every freaking day. It's like we all went to prison.
like we're in a bad remake of Home Alone 2017!
you hit it on the nose
that's not all I want to hit the days...
Eternal Love
Hi Michael, have you had your prostate checked lately!  Have you pegged Obastard lately?
Yes , my god are those feet
we miss you both. Thank you for all you've done,as you enjoyGod's blessings.
Love you both very much, lovely couple. When will you @BarackObama "pulang kampong" again?
Those are presedential toes!
Thank god you guys are on a beach and not in the White House
So deserve rest-you gave all.
Do you think you could come back after your vacation and save us? We're now hiding under the bed.
When vacation is over, we need you both back on Pennsylvania Avenue. K, thanks. Don't dawdle.
Love to see Michelle run for House (or Senate) in '18 & then for WH in '20. #landslide
Our US Air Force should practice bombing whatever island they're on!
You need some serious help
goals
you are just having a blast 
@twisted2damx @BarackObama LOVE IT!!!
Who are you ppl? 
Pedicures? Ill pay.
Hi Guys, Miss you both dearly.  Rest Well.  God Bless You & Your Family.
IM IN TEARS I LOVE THE BOTH OF YOU OMG
Yuk
Just rub it in.... Im glad for you & your family

definitely not foot models
Miss you two crazy kids :D So good to see you guys relaxing! Happy VD day <3333
You both are soooo missed 
come back to kailua every year like you used to do. I live there and Meeting you is in my bucket list 

Michelle I hope you are planning a Senate run!!!
I just simply adore you both
you're letting all your shlong hang out
Can you PLEASE come back? 
Have a great day and a super life.
get off that island and get back in the White House. What do you think you're doing???
Right-On!
omg- this
never mind that rubbish will you rule the world
so happy for you two!
We miss you both so much!
DAMN, I MISS YOU GUYS!!!!
I love you guys, but eeeeeewwwww I hate feet lol
The world sees that 2 people can be joined as 1 and Love for a lifetime. A little Black Girls tear is falling 
y'all have beautiful feet
Happy Valentines' Day to the best couple
the love for ever!
we miss you!!!!
Live your life!
@WesSmith123 @BarackObama I love you both!!!!!Hope you are having fun.
why you gotta act like that? you just gonna up and leave us now? what we didddd
Lol, Trump tweets a lot, yet cannot send out this kind of tweet for Melania.. Sad!
Yall Still On Vacation!!!!!!!! NAWWWWWWW 

CAN YALL COME HOME!!!! Now!!!
what a team! We love and miss you guys so much. Happy v-day.
Hi newr slape antey
Miss you  much!
glad to know it's not on our dime anymore
awwwww  love u guys!
@ma____do @BarackObama والله من الفضاوه
ماعرفتك يالبرازيليه
زليخنهو
you two are amazing. Thanks for being amazing inspirations enjoy your vacay #Valentines #valentinesday2017
@dgarrick5534 happy Valentine's we love you and miss you do much.
I bet this is the BEST Valentines in over 8 years. Have fun!
@sistermoon50 @BarackObama 
Love it!
@MichelleObama 
@BarackObama 
happy Valentine's day first lady
miss and love you both!! What an amazing couple!!!
We miss you so much
Your photo of you two dancing on Vlkentines Day was perfect.Miss you both so much,You were great First Lady.

what an amazing love 
you are both the loves of our lives 
We just love you and miss you much. You lead by example on all topics!
happy valentines to you both.  Wish you were back in wh so I could rest
miss you guys!!
@junesarpong @BarackObama such a beautiful couple x
Please come back we love you.
enjoy your well deserved vaca.....but we need you both back in the public eye to help balance the B.S.  :)
Happy Valentines to America's Favorite First Couple.  Enjoy the well earned rest.
So sweet
miss you and love you Michelle and Barak
Love is a very powerful thing. With love we can overcome anything 
#FreeSouthernCameroons
Are you coming back soon? Things here are a little rough...
we love you guys!
Love you guys!!! #stillmypresident
enjoy your time together, but please come back!
happy Valentine's Day to a couple with a special place in my heart
miss you and love you guys
Goals
just plain gross
You're still America's sweethearts ;)
We love you...We thank you! Did you know so many of US affectionately refer to ya'll as Chell and Barack!? 
we miss you desperately.
true love and inspiration
love and miss you guys....Enjoy every moment
Heartwarming, @MichelleObama & @BarackObama -- America misses you dearly. Glad you're able to take some time off 
#relationshipgoals
you two are blessed!
so glad to see you true relaxing and having http://fun.You  deserve it...
we need you guys back in the White House
I miss y'all!! We love y'all 
Please come back and save us from ourselves and our current President.  I'm terrified.
BET..
which one is barack`s leg?
we love you! Enjoy life now
miss you two
We miss you guys sooooo much! Happy Valentine's Day! Enjoy!
we need you back in DC, stat!
Michelle you have bigger feet than your husband.
Live it up u two! U deserve it
can you adopt me pls
.  I just cried, I miss you two so much
