Today, we honor those who have honored our country with its highest form of service. https://go.obama.org/veterans  
Hi Michelle this is Mr Wilson we're is my money yo have me waiting 2 long 4 my money so when can I get my money I need answer instead of waiting and wait and wait and wait oki  need my money
God bless you and Barack and all our Veterans 
The Obama Foundation for Living Luxurious Fund!!!
@ObamaFoundation
For what Benghazi?
No, for their grace, respect, decorum, and leadership. Would you rather thank lying Donny for Niger?
Proves why the two are still under investigation for it
They aren’t, the only ones under investigations are the entire failed trump administration.
But yet has been proven of nothing
3 indictments, one house arrest, another already plead guilty. Please, continue making a mockery of your own blind idiocy, it’s very entertaining.
We’ll see who the blind one is in 2020
Then how come Obama and Hillary let 4 Americans die? Of course, he was playing cards, what a leader
King of 
And that's we love you both , always.
Don’t worry about my back Michelle, you and Barack should go on a long trip somewhere & let the new President fix the mess you two created
Courage engagement talen
Love you Michelle!!!
Michelle, I admire you strongly, Blessings
Thank you Michele we sure miss a first lady with class,
Michelle, please run!
Because you are good people  thank you for all that you have done and continue to do @MichelleObama
Miss your dignity, grace, & commitment to our country! 
Thank you, Barack, and your girls for 8 years of steadfast leadership.
Best #POTUS & FLOTUS ever!
We love u pls come back
Thank you! We miss you EVERYDAY!!! 
You haven’t & wont !
foundation
Im.proud of them too so.lets think.if Schumer is proud of our military since he wanted to.not pay http://them.to   protect ilegals. I was never more embarrassed to be an American when i.look at the Barack family and  chuck Schumer. Your husband is a traitor.
Come back to the WH miss you more than you know
Thank God you are out of the White House, also you are a little too plump to wear a two piece bathing suit, try taking a page from Melania, a vision of class and elegance!
you two never had their backs....what a crock
Thank you
God bless America and our veterans and active military personal. Thank God we have a president NOW who actually cares about them.
You can’t be referring to 45?
He has to be referring to Obama, lying Donny doesn’t care about our military, flag, constitution, or our fellow citizens.
“Donny” is our president show some respect. I didn’t like obama n disagreed with everything he did. I showed him respect while he was POTAS.
Respect is earned, not given blindly. Lying Donny the Crooked manchild has shat on our constitution and fellow citizens enough to be disrespected. Sorry President Obama never gave you the chance, with his grace, intelligence, respect, and dignity.
We have a mesaage:  Come Back Barack   All our love, America 
@BarackObama Pleeease Come Back. Not too proud to beg.
We miss you. My god, we miss you.
I cried watching Obama at jury duty
I miss having a caring, loving leader in charge.

We miss you so much

Thank you.  You two are amazing
 now this comment made me laugh .. Right??? like you had all those backs that died fighting for the AMERICA YOU SAID U HATED
I'm Canadian.  I loved it when I didn't wake up each morning and check to see if WWIII has started.  I hardly knew anything about US politics.  Ancient Chinese curse: May you live in interesting times.  The whole world misses having the Obamas at the helm.
I'm Canadian also and I and many other Canadians don't share your view!!!  I do not miss th Obama administration BUT I respect the office of the President and don't malign him or his wife.   I wish people would respect the current president and his wife.  I support his policies.
My Uncle Ray Bray, a veteran, just died today, on Veterans Day. Served in the Navy in WW2, was a Boilermaker 1st Class on the Minesweeper USS Hobson and survived a kamikaze attack on April 16, 1945. He was also my Godfather. We all loved you and will miss you Uncle Ray.
God rest his soul. Prayers to you and his family and friends.
Thank you from my family and me. Your words mean a lot.
COME BACK!!!






You & foreign Barrack make me ill.  My GF, fought in a war, my dad was at Pearl Harbor, my step dad the Korean War, my brother the Vietnam War, & my spouse the Iraq war.  Ya'll have our backs alright ready to stab us in them the first chance you get!#nothanks
#1 first Lady and the #best POTUS
NO, they were not. #MelaniaTrump has so much more class, and is beautiful. @POTUS is a true president who loves his country. Obama did not.
Straight up #bullshit
Miss the Obamas in the WH

Take your meds little Matty @koza256... Grown ups are talking.
I hope you are not considering yourself one of them
You NEVER had their backs.  You are ANTIAMERICAN
How come you didn’t in the White House? Confused 
If your husband had the military's back when he was in office then why did he cut the funds why did he not support the military more??
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/blog-post_7.html …
We miss you both so very much
Like a yeast infection
Please come back
Ain't happening lol #thankGod
Please @MichelleObama- can you not just thank them without trying to rake in donations to your corrupt #ObamaFoundation. Remember, your hubby was in on the #Benghazi fiasco that killed 4 Americans, remember that?
It was, @cindys_2cents, the @GOP that refused to fund protection for our Americans in Benghazi #getyourfactsstraight
You didn't have their backs while your husband was in office.
Is this like the Clinton foundation ??
This IS a PRESIDENT
Thank you Michelle, Gawd... I miss having your whole Fun Loving Family & the Moral Leadership of Decency your Family not only Represented, but I Aspired to be.
Just not the male military, right?

Uh, no ... I’m a highly educated, senior woman and business owner, stupid.
Except in Benghazi, but hey you won right?




Omg do I miss the Obama’s!
You have their backs as you stick a knife in them as the roam homeless. You and Barry are disgraceful... in more ways than one
obammie did a real change!! divided the country. but that was your intentions.
When I enlisted into the NAVY, I was Proud to serve, Proud of my Country (I still am) & Not ashamed of my President.
I wouldn't have enlisted if Trump had been in office.
I miss her SO much! Melania is a soggy towel in comparison to her
Melania has class, Michelle didn't and apparently neither do you.
Sorry, nude photospreads are NOT classy.

She's the most do-nothing First Lady I have seen in the last 40 years:  Every other one up until now has had a platform and a voice, while it's obvious she hates her role.
I was just going through my "Obama an Intimate Portrait" (by Pete Souza WH photographer), and thinking how much I miss your family in the WH, to the point I  became misty eyed as I turned the pages, missing the fun, stable, and scandal free Obama WH.
Military service is not the highest form of service to a nation and we have to stop spinning that narrative. It’s that kind of blind hero worship of armed forces that allows us to ignore our own imperialism and use false-patriotism to silence those actually fighting for rights.
Oh Shut Up!! That's a mean thing to say!
It’s not a mean thing to say. It’s the truth. And the narrative is the same one that Trump and his supporters are using to try to silence protestors and say we can’t ever question the “flag” or the military. We need to wake up and talk about these things.
In as much as I understand where u're coming from but I believe that there's a better way to say it especially at a time like this. There are kids who are fatherless now because of the sacrifice their Father's made for the love of their country you know?
Thank you Mrs and Mr. Obama for your service
Awesome
I truly admire u both. My father once told me that there were times that the truth would be ugly and that that's when I should speak it. What some of us tweet may be perceived as nasty but if it's the truth I am compelled to say it like it is. For this I apologize only to u both.
Right!  Abandoning US Patriots fighting to save the lives of Ambassador Stevens & Intelligence personnel working at the Annex & lying to the families while POTUS leaves for a fundraiser and HRC goes to sleep is NOT having the military’s back!
May God bless America and all the veteran who always have shown determination  courage  commitment and hardwork to the great nation .
Love you Michelle & Barack Obama!!!
Yeah except for the gun-running scandals and killing of American citizens in Benghazi you guys did a stellar job putting America last

N'ayant pas la traduction de votre mail en français, j'approuve les yeux fermés à votre réflexion car je sais que vous êtes une femme honnête au même titre que votre époux que j'admire. Que Dieu veille sur vous deux.
Madam Michelle you're great woman i've ever seen in the world

Lol. You 2 despise the military and everyone knows it. Nice try though.
MOM, We have the TALENT to build OUR FOUNDATION to protect Americans and US jobs.
Thanks @POTUS for all these manufacturing jobs that @POTUS44 Obama said would never come back. Thanks for standing w the Jews unlike @ObamaFoundation / Hitler.
Largest Number of New Manufacturing Jobs in History – 40,000 New Manufacturing Jobs in November http://www.projectrepublictoday.com/2017/12/07/largest-number-new-manufacturing-jobs-history-40000-new-manufacturing-jobs-november/ … via @ProjectRepToday…
Quiero trabajo,me ayuda
This once-young @usarmy LT--shown here leading @2ndInfantryDiv #soldiers--was honored, privileged & grateful to serve. #America #leadership
Could you come back? Pretty please? We are NOT having fun.
You are missed
I miss you and your husband.
I love you. Thank you for everything.
http://StartMyCash.com/?refer=11520 
Ohhhh, how we wish you were still in the WH!

This is going to go on for far too long...
Such class and honor. Thank u for showing us how a true President and First Lady speak and act. Michelle, polish up those boots u've got lots to do and we're behind u#OBAMA2020
Love you guys!!
Miss your lovely family who I respect for your dedication to the people you served.
You both gorged yourselves on taxpayers money! You didn't care then and you don't care now !
This is what we got now
Like you did when you sold our uranium n gave billions to fund the terrorist groups plus selling our weapons to the cartels. You have a knife in the Americans back.
you & barack didn't have Veterans or the military's backs when you were in the WH.  why now?? so nice to say were in WH, we got someone in there now that believes in the people!!
I bet they are thankful that you are no longer in the WHITE HOUSE I Know millions of AMERICANS ARE! 
Love and Miss You in the WH!  Thanks for having our backs.

you give me hope!
Good GOD I MISS YOU 
Yes! Like the ONE time you were proud to be an American? You and hubby are ex's not current anything except citizens! Obamacare was a failure, as were your " healthy lunches " that even you wouldn't eat! #FlyInTheSugarBowl
You both are sorely missed.  Thank you for the dignity, grace, and love shown to all Americans and people the world over. Be bless today and everyday. .
You got the sorely right after such a screwing from them I am sore
I think you should run for President for 2020.
Really? You're in awe? We are so glad you and your divider in chief husband are no longer  occupying our White House. BYE
Michelle, just bought a T-shirt for your 2020 campaign. Think about it. 
Love ya, Ellen S.
4ever FLOTUS...
Mrs Obama we miss you!!! You have no ideia.
"we" must mean you.
Thank you for everything you do and everything you are. You are a light in this dark time.
We would have appreciated a pay salary more conducive of the local economy. I’m enjoying the pay raise I have now.
Total BS @MichelleObama

Thank You, Madam First Lady. God bless you and all your family.
Thank you!
Thank You!!
You are still among the best president America has ever produced.
Barry looks happy 
What a Two face liar.. He's in awe alright.   How he can get his hands on more of the Senior Citizens money, and start disposing of their starved bodies..
@MichelleObama I can help with what we experience. How life and those that depend on you; changes. And it’s been 5 years. I’ve stopped living, & my girls “hate” me, I’ve lost friends, fiancé, education (doctors level) due to the man and the process. #Istandforchange
I mean look at her she thinks she's better than everybody she's not even following one person narcissist racist
We miss you both.
Thank you both for your service to and the integrity of our highest office and our country
Right.... and how much military  funding was slashed during that divisive reign...?!  It is a disgrace that you are even mentioning Veterans Day at all... but keep up the “grace” and the phony bullshit.
Thank you for all you do for us 
Give me a break!
I don't believe it
Dear sweet Jesus but we sure do miss you two.
Thank you to both of you
How could she be First Lady when she’s a man
Thank you and Barack as well
M።O።።B።O።
This the way to give love and respect for their contribution and dedication for።what they've done  for their country unconditionally ።።።።

A True 1st Lady
Thank you.  Are you looking for a job?  I know of one that includes a pretty fancy residence.  We just have to evict the current resident first.
Right, it's nowhere near a "dump."
Then why did neither of you ever DO anything meaningful and beneficial for the veterans and then degraded the military with your social experimentation? The military HATED your husband!
Another day in paradise, be blessed on purpose.
Miss you, Michelle! First lady always in my heart!
We love you Michelle!!!!!
Is this how you had our backs???
garmin support number
The GPS errors can be decreased to an adequately small level that the framework gives magnificent results in business applications and in addition the much larger amount of precision reachable by US military clients.
This would have mattered if you'd shown ACTUAL support while your husband was in office. It rings untrue!
He cut the military to its bare bones. And you didn't have their backs
I'm sure they've got yours too if you ever want to storm the Whitehouse. Just sayin'....
The only reason you two "had our backs" was to stab us!!!! GO AWAY!! FAR FAR AWAY AND LEAVE US TO REPAIR THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, WITHOUT YOU!!
We so appreciate those kind words! Come join us anytime—consider this an open invitation! 
Thank you 
Rather than fight Trump tooth n nail miss Obama come together as a team n come up with legislation to help our country get back on the right track. #stopbeinghateful
I'm going to call Bullshit, yo ex-1st lady(joke). You do not give a shit about our vets.
I hope someone reads I'm tired of letters for donations for party we need a candidate to re energize party and there is only one person you michelle we need you to step up before there is no america please i know family but think of future of your grandchildren

Score a ride with @Uber_CHI the preferred ride of #DaBears on gameday. 
Learn more: http://chgobrs.com/2ArMnS8  

Trump will be out soon. Come on back
Hello former first lady how are you
You are missed more than you'll ever know
run michelle old white guy ill vote for you in 2020
The Obamas have given America a lots more than it deserves.
I wold agree except I am selfish we need a woman president maybe some sexual harresment laws would get passed
And in our backs ...... Most deceitful, racist, corrupt and worst President @BarackObama in American History. A divider rather than uniter, a real lying fraud. Obama was as FAKE as #FAKECNN, the #ClintonNetwork @CNN
You are so missed.
2nd that!
You and Kenyan born, Islamic stepdad raised Hussein are done and should prepare for indictment.
I want to thank you Michelle Obama for being such an incredible person!  you were and are such a role model
I can’t tell you how many times I have used your example of take the highroad especially in personal dilemmas.  I picture you with the podium saying that with such conviction.
I am so glad to have been part of the world when you were president Barack Obama and I wish you were there now to guide us through these dangerous waters. Bless the military  for the job they must do and do willingly so that we might be safe 
And hopefully won't kill another 3K of our American troops...
HELP MENTAL HEALTH IN EL SALVADOR
You could get back in the White House. 
To easily subscribe to our family YouTube channel please click on the short link----https://goo.gl/JNF6vr  Thanks!
Miss and love you, beautiful lady!
Michelle - you and your husband not being in the WH, now, is only to do with the two-term Rule. Every day that Pinocchio Trump is there is just another day for him to undo your husband's good work.
Très en pleine forme, tu dégages une bonne vitalité.

