College is for everyone. Get support & reminders about deadlines, FAFSA & college apps by texting your First and Last name to 240.623.8319. 
Is this apply to white conservative women also ??? 
How stupid do u have to be to need a course to help fill out a school application. Such BS. is some gov't funded program. No doubt.
The only thing is you r stuck with student loans for years after you finally earn a degree. I will be 50 & trying to pay student loans still
Yes, Indeed, 
 First Lady!!!! 
Also, Seniors, consider attending college at H.B.C.U. (HISTORICAL BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES), too!!!
Isn't this discrimination against white students
No, Indeed! There are teachers and students, whom aren't just Black. You'll find teachers and students of all creeds and color. 
Does this apply to people of all races or just Afro Americans??
It's great
AVOID Student Loans & Credit Cards at ALL COSTS!!!  Student loans equal Slavery. Pay as you go.

BREAKING
BOMBSHELL ACCUSATIONS NAMING FORMER PRESIDENT @BARACKOBAMA IN AN ADULTERY & CRACK-COCAINE FOR SEX SCANDAL - MASSIVE…
My family & I miss and love the Obamas so much it hurts! America still needs the Obamas...America needs YOU!! #MichelleObama2020
BLESS ME BYE


VIDEO @MichelleObama praising sexual predator Harvey Weinstein.. Malia Obama goes to work for him this past January  https://twitter.com/CernovichNews/status/916347463975538689/video/1 …
Yep, under Obama administration Seniors definitely need to brush up on their studies/skills. Seniors will never be able to retire now.
College is not 4 everyone-are u aware that most dealership mechanics, electricians, plumbers, brick layers,  etc make more than teachers
For a second, I thought you meant seniors like me - over 65!  Which proves my age!
Miss you!  Stay high!
I thought that very thing myself!  Ok, Michelle, I'll go back to school!   
if I kill myself would it matter
Are you going to allow white students
Why doesn’t anyone call this woman Out for being a  racist?
She hates every person alive who isn’t at least 1/2 black.
Thanks; also to @shondarhimes 4 great discussion. Follow me & check out http://www.gyreentyp.com  if you think I can assist you. Best wishes!
Happy Anniversary
Thank you, Michelle!
OMG first time I heard seniors and college in the same sentences. Would love help. Thx.
Please can someone give a little help to my son . Please share . Many thanks.
MOST PARENTS HAVE NO IDEA ABOUT THE PROCESS AND WHAT IS AVAILABLE! Lots of missed opportunities for the kids bc parents $$$ NOT SO !
Why don't you take some of that dick on your back Big Mike Mister transexual
Even if you work a shift on a lousy job, you still have 16 hours left for college and resting! You ll get used to it!
Amen Amen Amen!

Women who voted for trump are just fed up w/things as usual in Washington   We want things done & are tired of the established Washington
Funny my child didn't get student aid for FREE college, luckily I raised an independent female who believes in working & paying for school!
Hey Michael, I mean michelle, I told my husband to vote for TRUMP! So try again!

So you didn't vote for your husband in 2008?  You voted for Hillary?
Hey seniors be sure to read Rules for Radicals by Saul Alinsky the Obama model!#RedNationRising

Michelle Obama + Dr. Seuss: Inspiring

Melania Trump + Dr. Seuss: “Racist Propaganda”…
Are you so ignorant and biased that you assume all women should've voted for Hillary BECAUSE she is a WOMAN??? You're utterly hilarious.
College isn't for everyone. Thanks for helping manufacture the strident debt crisis. We need more skilled trade workers and hard science.
Actually college is NOT for everyone stop spreading lies! There are plenty of other noble ways to get prepared to make a good living!
LolI thought you meant senior citizens!
Don't waste your money or your time, Trumps economy is booming. Why pay to listen to the liberal Obama doctrine
Did you vote against your own voice when you voted for Barack over Hillary in  '08 primary?
Do the world a favor, stop being a sexist! You and 44 need to keep to urselves! 8y under 44 killed USA! Now Pres Trump is fixin 44s mess!!!
Today's colleges are nothing more than a DMZ. I'm a Sr. I wouldn't dream of going near a college campus today. Thanks Dems!
Alex Jones claims he has 'proof' Michelle Obama is a man
WOWWW!!!! Caitlin Jenner IS a MAN! THIS crap here is what divides us. Matter Fact, i've seen post that Melania Trump IS a man also just stop
RE Ur view of the women's voice I voted 4 human interest rather than female special interest A proud Mex Trump supporter!
Very short sided.  College isn't critical for success. Shortage of tradesman.  MO wants you to go to college to be indoctrinated.
See this is why she needs to run, so the Nation can once again. Can run forward for all.!! Always thinking bout others...2020 pls consider.
Michael

@its_channan @mattdeis
Speak for yourself communist!!!!
Yep because better educated seniors might actually help convince liberal students @DNC, you and Bo are criminals. Good idea!
Mooch, college is for everyone that can pay for it.
Not paying it yourself (@HillaryClinton). What about daycare expenses? What about job opportunites? The country is bigger than DC.
Does this include all races?
Yea, get one of those degrees in Feminism or Social Justice.  They always land the best jobs!
No the college is not for everyone. It is only for non tax payers and illegals. Americans are forbidden.
Are you retarded?
Funny how come not publicized . I guess it for radical leftist or illegals . More partisan crap holding down people who don't eat your crap
Your Hillary speech is getting mocked. Common responses did your husband point out her flaws .didnt you point out flaws ,not about legacy
My personal best you're not Jewish , you're inept at guilting people for votes.  Only out for themselves,me me,me . Book deal gone south
So you think college for everyone? The problem is that there aren't jobs for everyone. Go to college & work part time at target or Starbucks

Thank you for continuing to support.
Nice vidéos

Devastating photos show Hurricane Maria's fury https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/21/devastating-photos-show-hurricane-marias-fury/ … via @wordpressdotcom

YOUR OBAMA SUCKS MUSLIMS





Hey Michelle Obama,

For the first time in 8 years I am truly proud of my president!

Signed,
A President @realDonaldTrump Supporter

#UNGA
Go ahead and get in student debt studying for a general degree and graduate to become dependent on your joband government to take of the you
@sethward22 this might be helpful
I'm a senior and I so needed this 
Thanks for the awesome news!!!!
@MichelleObama -OO
@BetterMakeRoom thank you always and forever our first lady for this information, will pass it on.
An inspiring woman for all races. Stay blessed.
Thank you First Lady Michelle. Seniors are treated very poorly, without respect in America. Growing old is hard, their experiences priceless
Thats emt but I have a pilots liscense as well. I didnt accept it until Mother Africa and all the United Nations accredited. Rite(?)
Nite


Steelhvepowerstrn. Hugs&kisses 1rst nevanutterlike. Crying but joyful. Habari za Ishubi Royal Court.
@ Dakarai D. McClinton
As I Bloked abt in Chicagopropers rook...u me me him game to 10. Spot one ya 5 one youz 3. Any day of the sweep(?)...bow, stern(?) Caddi-
Finals if I get all a's not honey...rand git all dat amount student a's ikno 9.9 6.9 3.shyne po is manwhich and a gentle man@sidebar(0nt'd©
I got excited about this until I realized you meant high school seniors and not senior citizens!
The more we know. Thank You
Go away!  We didn't want you talking anymore.  Yet here you are.  Shut up Michael.
Is this only for Seniors? What if you've graduated 3 years ago will this program let you apply??
Yes Everyone!! Thank you.
Thank you Mrs. Obama. You rock. Seniors also check out scholly. It can help match you with schoarship money.
Thanks for the info!
Michelle Obama for President!


OH - HIGH SCHOOL seniors - I thought you meant me ... by the way - please be our #President!
Thanks
May God forever bless you and your family
@kamrynjameson check it out!!
And you can file your FAFSA as early as October! Get a jump on financial aid!
Thank you so much for the reminder. We miss you very much . Stay blessed.
Miss you two so much!  Keeping it classy as usual!
We sure do miss you Michelle!
hi Mrs. Obama!

Thank you Michelle.  This has me thinking.
Thank you 
<>
<>You're Never Too Old To Learn ... Look at it this way; the more knowledge you have, the more you can share –
How about applying to trade school too. Not everyone is interested in a formal education and we need more trades people. #reallife
Yes Seniors,for real. Don't put it off  please! Get on it now, There are grants to be given away just start looking NOW
Skilled workers needed in America too many College grads they can't even find jobs
Merci Michelle 
@Mikeeg_10 look into it
Miss you!!! Epitome of elegance and dignity

http://www.islam-guide.com 
Thank you Michelle for reminding people that they can return to schl anytime - I just got my MBA at 60!
Much Respect..Thank you for keeping us in check..Muah to #ForevermyFlotus.
Thank you
this is your husband´s friend. Tell her to stop the killings
@BetterMakeRoom would  to work with you! I start college trek in 8-9th grade to increase opps 4 $ http://allroadseducation.com 
Hé you are right the need help it's courageous what you are doing Michelle. BISOUS À TOI. GOD BLESS U.

Europe steps up response to Hurricane Irma https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/13/europe-steps-up-response-to-hurricane-irma/ … via @wordpressdotcom
Hi.excellent.well.done.
Nobody gives a crap about your thoughts about your ways. Your husband is a liar & fraud. Live your succulent life in that manner.
Love you but
Lol - I thought you meant senior citizens and got all excited.
Everything you tweet puts a smile on my face.
Astony Bartholomew @MichelleObama
Good information, thanks
Miss you Flotus!
We  @MichelleObama
#BringBackOURGirl @Princeton
