Teaming up w/ @MichelleObama & @BetterMakeRoom to meet with incredible young people beating the odds & going to college! #BetterMakeRoom 
I miss the class!
LMAO.More to be inoculated with the DNC/Soros virus. More vulgar opposition to the democratically elected POTUS Even your voter fraud failed
Mam here is ur video https://youtu.be/d7DhvZl1JQI  ur reply when people told u ur aim is too high.
I’m teaching in a low income school, Bancroft Elementary in DC, and one thing I know is that kids’ houses don’t have books.  I teach struggling kids so reading at their reading level is pretty important. Any idea how to get funding for books they can read at home?
I miss you and @BarackObama so much! We took our 8 years with y'all for granted. Hope you are happy and healthy and enjoying post-WH life.
I didn't my daughter loved to listen to her to speak. Her daughters well mannered and they have so much love for one another & others.
Michelle and Barack raised those young women so beautifully. That family made the world a better place by showing up every day and caring.

I got a university offer but I really can't afford it PLS HELP!!! My grades are AMAZING! I promise #BTEC #alevelresultsday
I miss you as first lady
Imma go to college just to get drunk and smoke weed every day
Please reconsider becoming president WE NEED YOU!!!
You have got to be kidding. Michelle as President. This is  her with her first man.
Retweet if you are AGAINST Trump?!
A 1st Lady of grace & substance. You are sorely missed Michelle.

Assuming you think the soft porn star in the White House is a woman of substance?
At least she is a woman not like the man in a dress
Great logic for qualification of leadership. Not wonder we have a fucking sociopath in the White House - people are just plain stupid 
@OJnaitis
Love you Michelle!!
MICHELLE OBAMA- A person of SUBSTANCE 
Hey woman ( or man) disappear already
We miss your intelligence, class, grace and style.  
Mrs.
Obama,you are such an inspiration.
You inspire us all, Mrs. Obama! Thank you for bringing attention to these students and #BetterMakeRoom.
She maid me go through 8 years of the worst school food iv ever had


Mrs. Obama,  you are the best.  Our youths really do miss you and so do I.
Our best FLOTUS.
First lady i miss your beautiful smile and spirit. You truly put classy back on the map for our youth..  miss potus.. Alway my President
Mrs. O you are such an amazing example and a true inspiration! Keep up the fight. The struggle is real. Appreciate you!
@BetterMakeRoom  
Anty,there have one very good book to student to colleag.
Not only Americans that miss you, but the whole world... Miss you like...
Vous êtes formidable
LOVE  LOVE  LOVE MICHELLE & BARACK OBAMA. BOY WE MISS YOU & YOUR FAMILY. MISS YOUR CARING,CLASS,INTELLIGENCE,INTEGRITY, SMILES, YOU 2
We love you @MichelleObama! Thank You for Your many years of service to our country!
Que Deus abençoe todos vocês
Michelle!!!! We miss you so much. Why did you forget about us?!
the best, most engaging 1st lady ever to be dragged into the role. So glad you went along. Stay classy
That's AWESOME for everyone..I surely wish #MichelleObama was in #Connecticut last yr when I'm youngest daughter stepped into #UCONN 
Please come back to the White House and be President we need you as a beacon of hope in this hopeless Administration.
Thank you for your awesome service to our country, Mrs. Obama. And thank you for giving my biracial granddaughter a lifelong role model.
Now this is goodnews!
Thank you for staying true to your ideals. We miss you and the president
Love you! Miss you! Want you back!
Just go away
I miss you.
Please come back :(
super food  today  i  loved  good  to  see  you  this  moment   your  welcome
Obamas can care less about the US. They treated our police and military like . Hopefully Berry will end up in jail. @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
Thank you for standing up for the American people
Michelle Obama you are awesome!!!
We miss you and your graceful family 
You are an inspiration for everyone Mrs. Obama!
Forever first lady
Michelle Obama in 2020! A Clear Vision!
Love you Michelle! Miss you Michelle! #endTRUMPTYRANNY #25thAmendmentNow #unless you're a billionaire(Russian) tRUMP doesn't care
Sooo proud of my fellow NU alum!!'
God bless you and thank you for all that you do. Love from Michigan. 
@BetterMakeRoom We miss you and your family, your husband was a real president and you a great First Lady
A real First Lady doing real things for real people 

HELLO !! They will all beat the odds !! #KEEPMOTIVATING 
if everyone contributed a $ for every time they said "miss you" we could solve world hunger.  Miss you
Yes keep giving back. Great example to the world.
Yes please please please for our country consider making a presidential run
My Queen!  Forever First Lady!
I miss us having a REAL PRESIDENT. THANKS for your and President Obama's service. We AMERICANS LOVE YOU BOTH.
MICHELLE I LOVE YOU. I miss you so much @BarackObama 
You and your husband are wonderful examples of how to be decent human beings. Thank you so much.  Hope to see you at XS Tennis Village!
You are such a powerful example to keep working hard to bring positive change, instead of giving in to all the negativity, thank you 4that.
We miss your family u r a true first lady
Best FLOTUS!! Miss you!!
as muchbas I would LOVE LOVE for her to be back in the Whitehouse, she can't someone would try and kill her at every turn smh
Just love Michelle  OBAMA!!! Caring, loving and a joy!!! Miss her & Obama Family!!!
This is what a REAL Flotus is, not one worried about a damn glam room in the white house. Thank you Michelle Obama! !!
GM, Thank you sincerely for your continued #PublicService to our country! Congrats to all this fall! #BetterMakeRoom
Miss seeing n hearing from you n Pres Obama. #bestfirstlady



Mrs. Obama, we need you. We miss you.
Miss you and the family. We just all messed up. Whitehouse has become the house of sorrow.
Listen, michelle. We really need you to run for pres in 2020, or encourage joe and barack to run, but opposite as they were!!  miss you!
Still working for kids that is awesome
I love how you love our youth. I admire what u do for them...the underprivileged...the ones with no voices will soon be heard 
We really miss you.
We miss you. So much. Your husband, too, but honestly, I might miss you the most. Your energy, passion- you radiate love. Thank you.
Obama gave 8 yrs w/all of his know-HOW
He ran bc King called it the Fierce Urgency of NOW
NOW we got a DOPE as the last of Great White HOPE
Yahimba/Afro Babe on Amazon, Audibles and ITunes check it out for elementary students
Your class and compassion are sorely missed. But, i hope you are enjoying your crapstorm free life!
@BetterMakeRoom You actually WORK HARD and you inspire all of our daughters, GOD keep blessing the Obamas!
We miss you
We miss you Michelle. We miss your grace, your intelligence, your compassion.
Run for Congress! I will personally raise a ton of money for you! We need your wisdom and caring.
Crawl back in your snake  hole 
Miss you every day.
@bridesmac29 @RealMikeWilbon @BetterMakeRoom miss you
Vous avez inspirai tout est svp ont a bsoin +
We miss you! #MichelleObama
Michelle! Michelle! Michelle! Rock on, rock star.
Hello
Awesome

We miss you Michelle! I mean really, REALLY miss you!! #classy
I miss you SO much @MichelleObama 
LUV LUV LUV your support 4 the youth. Way 2 Go MO!!  Blessings
Thank you Beautiful Friend of all for continuing your work in education.
Come back!!!!!!!  You are sorely missed!!!!!!  
Mi morena bella,  la estimo mols
I miss you and @BarackObama so much!!! Painful 2C what our country is going through under this INSANE administration. US deserves better. 
Espero ante de ser un jubilado más. . Tener una cultura más nutritiva en un ambiente responsable. Thank you Michelle
Still working with kids & education! How we miss you Michelle Obama! 
Your grace and class should be an example to all.
 ogni sforzo viene ricompensato dal meritomi sono arresa a non voler trovare un partner (no aids x me) non ho anni in it? Odio la Cei/ice
"....when they go low, we go high".  We love you Michelle.
That's how I've conducted my life, but in these turbulent times, that no longer applies. Dems have 2 fight hard, down & dirty unfortunately
Hello my dear
How are you My dear
Love you Michelle
Love you to the moon and back!
Love you and miss u all every day!!
Thank you so much @MichelleObama for staying engaged with our youth...our future.  you and miss you & @BarackObama so much
that is the truth we miss you!
Miss you!!!
We all miss you so much. I wish you were back in WH . The new administration is causing irreparable damage to the national. What can we do?
Love you First Lady Michelle!!  I have a  10th grader with aspirations to attend Georgetown.  I have to connect to BMR in the MD area.
Think positive and be able to take constructive criticism him as advice and make goals. #work
I love you I miss you I miss your husband
@MichelleObama, I miss you! 
Your grace and elegance as Flotus will forever be missed!
Miss you Ms. Obama. A lot!
Good Morning Michelle, it's nice to  your Smiling Face! You've been an  *inspiration as1st Lady & a human being thank you for your dignity.
HELP!!!!!!!!!!!
You are sooooooooooo missed
Thank you Mrs. Obama. Will we ever return to the kindness and decency that we witnessed during your tenure? Crying for our country. So sad.
 U Ms O! 
We miss you and your family michelle!!  God help us...
Everybody Loves You and Misses You   Michelle Obama:) 
Oh and miss you too
Come back, please come back!
Please come back!!!!
#sssniperwolfisoverparty Michelle cmon say it this lying girl trying to sue @FaZe_Censor this guy is the most honest guy ever for no reason
Doug is the most  honest person on youtube never lied to us showed us live proof and @sssniperwolf is tryna she him for false accusations
We miss you and @BarackObama desperately!
A TRUE Flotus!!! Love and miss you

America misses you so much.
I heart yall!

Let's hope there is money for education after trump wipes billions from it..
OMG come back!!! PLEASE HELP US!!! Please what can we do????????
It's really a great time
I  you!!
http://goo.gl/zc3MJM  <- click here to purchase my book
you are a very inspiring woman @RealMikeWilbon
We miss you!!
