giant of iceberg!
look at my Taylor #AAMU#Proud
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1560080614059419&id=1109093812491437 …
Wow, jeez do you think they all signed up by themselves?According to you only 1/2 of American women have the ability to think on their own.
Michelle you need to lose a lot of weight
You're an inspiration not just to me, to all women who want to make a difference, always opening doors that were seemingly closed. #EdIsKey
Wonderful Human Being and supporter of women Harvey sends his best:
Michelle, you r such a Hypocrite, It is a shame that u talk about Diversity but in all ur parties, there is almost never a Non-Black face.
They all niggas
Girl good job They believe ur a hater Bet Malia & Sasha laughing their butts off  Do what u must but it hurts 2 see u act retarded Michelle
and u KNOW Im not hurting feeling sorry 4 u LMAO  Hurts to see how easily u play em piss em off and then they act hatefully Later God bless
I also want a Best Friend
So can you??
Who dresses this woman?  She looks like homeless person.  #getheramirror

Absolutely!
visit your local zoo.....
Why aren't you reaching out to white women?  Racist much ?
Where's the diversity in the pic. Watch what U & not what U say!!!

BLESS ME SHE AINT SUPPOSE TO JUST CUSS AT YOU AT ALL OK MEN SAID WE SEE THIS AND ITS NOT NORMAL OK FOR KIDS TO JUST CUSS LIKE THIS FART
Look - what a diverse group. Diverse is code for no white people.
Funny thing is you have never spoken for me or any female I've ever known. That's ok as I know who has.
HELLO MICHELLE OBAMA...I JUST TO KNOW IF YOUR HUSBAND IS GOING TO BE OWE WINSTON SALEM NORTH CAROLINA
FAVORITE FLOTUS
she is my favorite too! MONKEY !!!!
I love you
Beautiful moment!  
Lady Michelle,thanks for being a mother to all. we love and proud of you.
Where are the white girls?
Another all black photo shoot.........Racist
Bam!!
Where's the white girls
Dude looks like a lady yea.
And of course there is nothing racist about this picture.. Imagine the outrage if Melania would do the same with all White Students!
What about the phenomenal White, Asian,Arab,Hispanic, & other races? I don't see them represented in this photo. Why is that? @MichelleObama
Youwere both a laughing stock of the world. Your husband is a criminal and will someday answer to a higher power.
Looks to be a little bit biased
nothing but respect for my flotus
Why all one color ?
I love you very much First Lady
I had a dream that one day men will be the ones fighting for their own equality, equal pay and parity in powerful positions.#Unlearningnorms
If you really fill and respect those women.Why do you don't care what they write in twitter.?
Why are they all Black ?
To be "phenomenal",@MichelleObama @stepthemovie, need Africans be caricatured by anti-African racist Euro 'hats'/wigs on #CollegeSigningDay?
WHERE ARE THE WHITE GIRLS???????
All black women. Where are the whites, the Spanish, the Asian's? #startingTheSplit
Is there anyway we can help/donate to the starving Nigerian children? The famine....I see nothing on the news of it.
Love those bangles Michelle

This is what class looks like
And I have no were else 2 live parents is decease and section 8 don't give a shit about Wether I'm in a shelter because of this bullshit or
Not and u see how the shelter don't give a shit neither and my health is going bad I have diabetes high blood pressure alltimers and amnisa
So that means I have 2 eat right and I can't in a place like this and got no money or any apartment so I need my money please so I can move
Forward with my life instead being lied 2 by theses people from the shelter and section 8 courts landlord's and anybody else who feels I'm
Michelle I'm still being disrespected by section 8 gave public assistance my information 4 a one shot deal and they won't give me the
Information I ask for and I was evicted out of my apartment when I ask yo husband and the naacp 4 those documents never got them and was
Evicted because of it and now its still haunting me were they won't still give me the documents I need 2 get my secttion 8 voucher so I can
Get a new apartment & get out of the shelter instead they telling me I can't get it when they no this shit is paid by the publicassistance
So they claiming I can't get out the shelter unless I get that document that yo husband has and the naacp didn't give me before I loss my
Apartment
This picture warms my heart 
I wish I could hug former first Lady like that 
So sweet...
Ms Michelle, I'm very proud of you and your husband for health care program that all Americans enjoy today.
Awesome
@MichelleObama  you have to run for president. This cis white male is making me want to kill myself! #love #peace
Proud=Awesome young women! Love U Michelle Obama! Hope 2 meet U & Barack 1 day. Want 2 work with U both with my Nonprofit 2 Benefit Girls!!!
I love this
Beautiful pic
they just stalk me and never hug me or bless me with all my millions of dollars ok mam shh its me troy thats chloe ok mam bye
kansas pssh bless me sir wasnt no love here sorry yes there was you did look for me didnt you sorry they dont talk to me ok mam they just st
Love that you haven't left 'us' and still so encouraging of our young ladies! I miss you and 44 each and every day!!

Theses people in this shelter messing with my my paper's and section 8 papers is purposely put my information in someone else's file
And it's setting me back so I can't move forward   my I'd they make copies of and my social security number and birthcertificate information
And my telephone number is being past around  like it ain't shit in here somebody in this shelter longIsland city
Which is on mcgeniuses Blvd and clayton street in the BRC /AC Shelter and address is 400 mcgeniuses Blvd & the front entrance is on
146 or 136 clayton street which is around the corner is front entrance is in the back on clayton street from 400 mcgeniusesBlvd they messing
With my information and trashing my information and putting it in the hands of someone else in this shelter Spanish and black is doing it 2
My paper work in the files of shelter members file's 2 keep me in this shelter no one wants 2 be in a shelter it is segregation in here
From all cultures a specially from black and Spanish and someone is causing me a problem 2 not make it out of here and they setting traps ok
, you should run in 2020, we miss you and your family, a LOT!  You are all in my prayers,& I'm an atheist!!
Happy birthday Madam Michelle, long life, health, happiness and prosperous life.
Hey Racist! Why don't you hug and congratulate poor white girls who do phenomenal things too!
Now they move me 2 another shelter in long island city on clayton mcgeniuses Blvd  B R C /AC sheltercenter over here by
Mcgeniuses Blvd and freeman street but the shelter is on mcgeniuses Blvd and clayton in longIsland city ok your's truly Mr Gregory Wilson Sr
Allah u akbar Ameen
I'm in the shelter as of now in Bellview shelter homeless center so I'm just letting yall no ok your's truly Mr Gregory Wilson Sr aka Allah
Ameen
They changed my room around 2 904 so far I don't know what's next ok your's truly Mr Gregory Wilson Sr aka Allah u akbar Ameen
#ForeverOurFlotus 
Jay-z is telling my brother 2 set me up in court and in the streets I don't how long I'm going 2 last out here in theses streets ok because
Of jay-z and theses people in theses streets setting me up ok in illumanotty just letting you know that's what they are doing 2 set me up ok
My court date is tomorrow I'm still not in my apartment and I feel they going 2 railroad me in the court room so I will need my money from
Yo husband Obama I felt I waited long enough I'm stress out I need a place 2 live so I can move on with my life I need my money Mrs Obama
Looking forward 2 here from u and your husband about my money ok thank u your's truly Mr Gregory Wilson Sr aka Allah u akbar Ameen
@notmyfor_tay Tayla your face tho
 only face I could make
Parabéns!!!
, xx
We miss you!
Nice having you here Michelle. You are one person i admire so much in America.
Love this and Miss the First Lady
need a hug. Sign autograph and photo taken . With you. Good LAUGHING. Can you help Michelle
Thank you Michelle Obama for inspiring women around the world. Stay Young, Beautiful and Blessed. We love you
Boa noite
They giving away my clothes medicine movies TV doctor papers giving me the wrongnumber so I can't find my belongings the landlord's ignoring
Me and people wearing my clothes and won't tell me were my stuff at after they took everything I just don't get it how my civil rights is
Is being valated at the place were I live this is crazy
Your's truly Mr Gregory Wilson Sr aka Allah u akbar Ameen
Thank you for leading by action that encourages people to strive for quality, lifts spirits, creates smiles and inspires us to do the same
She's really excited
Michelle you get wight..watch out
This is ur daily reminder that I love and miss u
Real compassion n caring. Not forced bought or paid for. I live you Mrs O

You don't have us fooled Michael
Amazing 
Yo husband really feel I should go threw all this bullshit by sleeping in the streets he can't be this serious he be that much of and ass
Can he be sending me threw all of this bullshit is going crazy or he really don't want to give me my money like u said
My civil rights my constitution rights and my amendments also are being valated and still being valated and before that it was still
Thank you for being the inspiration we all need
What about our poor #dragqueens ? #NoKlingers in the Military 
Yes web can
 we need the Obamas back in the White House! Please help our country!
Michael you are beautiful.i love you two beautiful kids may God bless them

Could you please ask your follows this question? A concerned Father
I plan to go see it!!

Sure do miss you and president Obama this new president is going to get us all killed he has a psychological problem he's not fit to be ther
You are a very special person, Respected and Loved by millions of people! One of a kind!
Another show of favoritism. They cry for equal time but always show other races the fruits on their tree.
1/For me...it was never about the color of your skin, but rather the content of your character that I despised.
2/It's time to pack up the    up. It's so expired.
Thank you, Mrs. Obama!
Drop dead Michael.
Maybe we can get you some Bandaids for all those nasty cuts you suffered. Really? Give it a break. Pathetic
You are so special Michelle you are very kind with your work
Indeed, BIG Congratulations to these hardworking,  beautiful women! We were all lucky to have you as an amazing First Lady and role model!
I am a D but fiscally conservative. Disagreed with Mr O on some. But proud u were 1st lady in country from which I did not originate.
You are such a good role model, a classy, smart, strong woman full of grace. Miss you.
You the best 1st lady ever
You're a beautiful lady and America loves you!  Please remember that!

We are rallying at the Capitol to stand with Planned Parenthood. #IStandWithPP 
AWESOME Mrs. Obama
You are a wonderful person and we miss you Flotus.
We love you Michelle
Who had more illegally purchased taxpayer funded shoes? You or Imelda Marcos? Gee, that's a tough one. I'm gonna guess it's YOU!
ALWAYS MY BEAUTIFUL INTELLIGENT FIRST LADY... MISS YOU
Okey linda muchas BENDICIONES amiga felicitaciones Saludos
Lady, you have style, class, wit and brains. I salute you.
  Yes Ma'am
So dope! Thank you so much for your support!
Perfect and fantastic historic
Class act , we need more of it in the WH , it's besieged by hateful and bitter inhabitants, Thanks for the memories.
One of the BEST ever!! @MichelleObama  OUR First Lady
#CollegeSigningDay 
ThankYOUFLOTUS!
Pastora Sulamita Almeida
Pastora Sulamita Almeida e Pastor Emílio Almeida. Casados para sempre..
We miss you. :(
Lack of diversity
I truly admire the amazing woman you are...a credit to us all
You are the best...how we miss you!!!
Michelle Obama I'm homeless now and yo husband still ain't give me my money from my law suit and my rent is paid yo husband and the naacp
Was suppose to deal with theses landlords were public assistance paid the rent and the Marshalls still put me out of my apartment I want my
Money from Obama a nuff of his bullshit ok let him no ok your's truly Mr Gregory Wilson Sr aka Allah u akbar Ameen
I miss you and Obama so much.  
Miss you both so much :)
You're a gem! Always have been, always will be. WE MISS YOU IN WH!
This is beautiful stuff
So proud of you and all that you stand for! So proud to have had you as our First Lady! Thank you!
Its Really Great Moment
holy crap, we miss you, FLOTUS forever!
Love how Michelle stays true to turn up for what she's passionate about ! Jealousy appears btwn their ears cuz she been doin this for YEARS!
Sure hope she decides to go for the presidency...
#lovemyflotus #missyou!!
Thank you Michelle for showing support to our students. And for showing what real class looks like. Miss you and Barack so much .
God, I miss you!  Keep being awesome #inspired 
