Happy Father's Day
This is a real family not like the one at the White House right now there just a whole bunch of clowns
Amazing dad vs this:
Happy Father's Day
We Love and Miss You Both! God Bless You
A Shout out from an old-school Chi-town k-town OG ..Happy Father's day Mr. President! First Lady, you too! Representing West Side!!!

Happy Father's Day Mr. President.
Damn it. We miss you.
What a beautiful picture. How old are they now? Xx
Happy Father's Day to still my President Barack Obama.
Happy Father's Day Mr. President.
I miss you.
First Lady Michelle Obama, we  U & President Obama. Thanks for being the first & most well respected African-American Presidential family.
You are the biggest role model in my life thank you so much
Happy Father's Day @BarackObama

Your daughters will be dillitantes like the trump kids. They'll be your employees. 
@MichelleObama @BarackObama #Obama #MaliaObama
Happy Father's Day President Obama. You'll always be My President
Happy Father's Day Mr. Obama!!!
MAKE SURE YOU RUN AGAIN TRUMPS AN ASS
Awwww. Love & Miss You both so much 
Happy Father's Day
As far as am concerned you are still the first lady of USA,how many likes and RT for @MichelleObama ??
Happy father's day President Obama... Hope you're enjoying your day with your beautiful family! 
Happy Father's Day, Mr. President.
Please come back
happy fathers day, miss you everyday 
RT FOR - OBAMA

LIKE FOR - TRUMP

Thank you for this. I couldn't have said it better.
Oh Michelle.....we miss you so!
 

Happy fathers day to you and barack
We love you and miss you so much
We need you back 
Yes come back.
No. No we don't
Actually, the majority of americans and the world do, sorry to burst your bubble but you are in the minority
I miss this family so much!!!

So when are you guys coming home?? Happy Father's Day
So many people miss you and love you Barack  Happy Fathers Day
Happy Father's day President Obama!! Enjoy
Happy n healthy fathers day every day yes the kids grow up fast but still are our babies
HI TAYLOR EMERSON BYE BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD ISNT WELL TO VISIT SHE MAY BE A DOOMED LADY FOR ALL HER LIFE DO TO THIS NO MORE FRITO LAY MINORITY HELP PSSH ITS LUCIFER BYE YALL BYE ILL PERISH HERE AND ALL BYE
Happy Father's Day! Wishing you the best each and every day!
Happy Father's Day to a wonderful family. Miss you 
Beautiful pic 
Happy Father's Day to our favorite First Family
TKUfor your amazing & tireless service to our country; one that was barely deserving of you and is only now realizing all they've lost.
Yelp NOW they realize! Had it good but didn't want that. But look what we got instead a loco, crooked, pres. Damn, damn
Happy!!! Happy!!!
Yeswe the martin family send you our love forever bless you and your family amen
& YOU SEND UR DAUGHTER TO WORK WITH HARVEY PEADO STAINS, HAHHAAHAH OMFG.... GOD BLESS YOU BORAK GOD BLESS YOU GOD GOD GOD GOD
Oh y'all are so adorable
love you Mr Obama
great
He really, left the seat when the world needed him most,we miss you, Barack
Hi
Happy Father's Day to your husband, he is a great man.
Lovely pic 
A great father and husband who can be a role model for all the dads Happy Fathers Day Mr President 
Such a lovely family.  Though what you tried to do for our country is being wiped out by Trump, those ideas are not and will remain in mind
Agree! They can try to repeal all that Obama accomplished but his legacy as a great POTUS44 will survive the nut jobs 
Really nice
Sweat I was reading Rev 12:7 & saw ur name "Michael" ! U should post more photos in both Twitters. 
@brittainresorts @*irvine
@*iPad*
How many fathers he kill tho? Or does it not matter because they're brown and they live far away.
This is how you know you're a hater. When you come to a Father's Day tweet to complain 
@MiaNicholeJ @mrbillding @MichelleObama @_Nuquoleee @BarackObama

Remember when we had a president we could be proud of?
The girls look so different. Older l is so elegant and gorgeous, younger is a little more sassy and comical which is  good too. Nice pair.
AWESOME FAMILY. STANDING STRONG....ONE NATION IN APPOVAL.
They're adorable in this pic and they're lovely young ladies now.
Sooooooo sweet, cute babies
https://www.bonanza.com/listings/BRAND-NEW-Obama-An-Intimate-Portrait-Hot-book-2017/533646671 …
وزيى

he wears his Muslim ring...
I have seen your  childnessphoto.
And you will always be our President!!
They are lucky children
Aren't they great?
Good
Mines 31 & has her own little, Piper, but I miss my little girl
Always the first family! @MichelleObama
President Barack Obama. I have so much respect for you and the First Lady!
Those two monkey communists should move to Cuba!
Great
Thanks for being a good father!
Truly
We  you we love you may God bless you and your family.
Beautiful family! Happy Father's Day @BarackObama!
Cut girls
Miss this guy. Glad you're with your family. Happy Father's Day my friend
مساء الخير
Happy father's day to the best president America has ever had.
OBAMA'S...FIRST FAMILY
LOTS OF BLESSINGS LOVE PEACE HAPPINESS HUGS KISSES...OK DAD BRING YOUR A** BACK TO #WH 
*ENOUGH* (((SIGH))) 
LOVE.
Such an inspirational family. I pray as I build my family we'll have a little of your magnificence to us 
A good father first and then a good human being and President Ideal.
Your sons are beautiful
Beautiful girls
Look at how cute lil NATASHA is
Beautiful
you are a great man and father
Nice memory sir..congratulates
Happy father day Mr President Barack Obama
What a beautiful family!
When I paid $1 dollar copay to see a doctor, and $4 for prescription drugs, I thanked Obama from bottom of my heart.
@BarackObama! You're a Father to all #Americans. Happy #FathersDay2017 we will always miss you and @MichelleObama. Come back in 2020


you are missed!
Happy Father's Day.... President Obama!!
We miss you and your family. I pray every day for the United States and the safety of the World and all animals.
Thanks for ruining race relations, destabilizing the mid east, stunting the economy, and nearly doubling the debt. Good ridence!
Hi baby
Closet muslim
Happy father's day
Stay gone
Love to you and your family!
Trump is a fucking legend baracks over here did nothing for afbekistan
Touching...
Chinese people love you but not Trump.we missed you
And no Executive Order can negate a Wonderful Father and his love for family! Blessings for a Happy Fathers Day 
Miss you all,  but wish you health, happiness and freedom from strife.
Beautiful!
So nice!
Like ever, the best example of father and man :)
Happy father day
Just proof that the sun makes all of us darker.
WE MISS YOU!!! 
I love you guys and Happy Father's Day Mr. President!
Happy Father's day
https://youtu.be/D9FoXOkaZyc 
Great family
We miss our Obama family. Pure class 
Also I thank to you for best thought.... I liked....
Not MY little girls. Probably not yours either. Happy Father's Day moochelle.
Negro sancionador
i miss you guys!!!!!
You made history Michelle !  You were the FIRST #travesty #uglylady
Our Prez and his beautiful daughters. You are missed so deeply. <3
You are loved & missed more than you can imagine. We carry you in our hearts and remember your grace, charm & leadership 
My name Malia to
Fake Father!!!! (FAG)
At least we could have intelligent verbal communication ...nstead of 'DUH
Beautiful! @MichelleObama @BarackObama
the great divider, wanna be rock star. Our country left in shambles, our democracy left vulnerable to attack by any country. Shame on you
Nice @MichelleObama @BarackObama
U too thanks
Lovely
We loved watching your babies grow up in WH
Please, Please come back!! We are having lots of problems since you left the White House. Miss you!
Happy Father's Day!

Most important job one can have is that of being a parent
跳跳糖
Love this! Beautiful photo! The country & world sure miss Obama family, the smiles, wisdom, values & security felt when representg U.S.
You're smiling, but the grip u have on your daughters, shows you understood the cruel world they would have to endure.
Happy Father's day Barack! You are so missed! HOPE your day is as special as you are...
The killer of other people's children
Nice photo.
beautiful !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Always good to see this family "one up" the current (I HATE saying this!) first family. Class always stands out!!
