i heard you're a man. can you comment?
Any woman who marries a man like you has a life of woe ahead of her. Small mind, small man.
hi spinster! how are your cats?
Small man, tiny penis
michelle?
Bozo?
that's racist.

#REPORTED
Weenie boy can dish it out but can't take it. 
They also can't wait for better lunches. Thanks for starving our kids!
Such an admirable woman...best FLOTUS ever!
But not really.  She's more of a best example of a #nastywoman #wasteofhumanflesh #mooch #goodriddance
tomorrow in Ecuador, we remember the Battle of Pichincha

Ha - perhaps that's why the despicable @realDonaldTrump left town so quickly! We love and miss you @MichelleObama xxxxx
Missing you, you are a wonderful influence,on the youth,especially young woman.
We love you
Yessssss

Mrs. Michelle Obama, you were the perfect example of the first African American and first lady that ever occupied the White House. Thank You
Get back to your city Chicago and get those kids some help & tech training if they don't want to go to college & get them off streets/gangs
Queen Michelle, we miss you.
Gonna spew more hate racist bait
Correction ..."Own"
.Educated and respectful people are CLASSY, regardless of color.
Thank you for all your service to America! You are STILL my First Lady!!!
Ummmmm no, no she's not. Gone for good and replaced by a class act. #ByeBye #mooch
m##m####m
LOVE YOU!!!!! #MY1stLady 
Be safe I heard there is a serial pussy grabber on the loose!  Seriously though, take care.
Rough time to be a 
You are great.
Those kid's in school threw that crap you tried to feed them in school away  was proven Did you feed your kids that dog food Shameful
are the taxpayers funding that trip to Mooch?
Dear Mrs Obama, God will bless u more for giving hand to the need.
Continue will a good work.
At least someone isn't afraid or making excuses to go to NYC.
The current White House usher,Angela Reed, the first African-American woman to hold the post, has just been let go. Head of the WH staff.
@MichelleObama are you going to speak in Arabic, Ebonics, or English?
That awkward moment when the media Must remind you that you're not a Muslim.

#WednesdayWisdom…
We all celebrate when we educate our children.
And your country misses you
Thank you for supporting our youth including your own!!! You are my hero!! #ItsALLaboutwhatsBESTforKIDS!
X favor ayuda , sensibilidad para nuestros hermanos venezolanos ,están muriendo x la libertad, tengan piedad , ayúdenlos
Miss you Michelle.

Our first female president?
hello gud job
HAVE A WONDERFUL TIME AND LOTS AND LOTS OF FUN....
Lucky them. Bless your time together.
Go trump
Thank you Michelle.  You are always welcome in New York.  We love you.
Give ur mom a hug from me. She did an amazing job raising U. So proud to call u FLOTUS.
Hiiiii
I love you Michelle
Love you!
We love u!!!
Funny how Michelle Obama can walk NYC freely without being scared of protesters like trump is. She doesn't have to hide out in jersey either
keep supporting us Michelle!  you don't have to be elected to lead
Much Love!! Keep up the good work.
Hello Michelle Obama we miss you!
Hello Michelle Obama

Miss you everyday. You were an amazing First Lady with such grace and intelligence.
Those girls are so LUCKY that you're going to be there!!!
you and your husband are so missed.  Love you Michelle!
you Are a beuty , nice sweet Lady , blessing From Chile Namaste
Miss you
I miss you.
Love all you do for us!
That's awesome!!! Maybe next year my son can be part of the group!!
Pls come back to Washington and fix this mess
Congrats to all of these college bound seniors 
Oh Michelle - we miss you so much!!!!
Michelle YOU. ROCK!!!!!!!!
miss you as our first lady
We miss u!
Thank you for celebrating with us today! All of us @FlushingIntHS are inspired and proud.
I love u
Welcome Back to NYC! Please Stay. 
Thank you Mrs Obama for continuing this important work.@ACT  @ACTEquity with you all the way to ensure all talent has an opportunity to rise
Miss you from Massachusetts..
You're such an inspiration! Thank you for all that you and Barak do
Thank you for repelling the scary man from our city by being a beacon of hope and light!
We miss you SO much! Best First Lady of my lifetime!
We miss you Michelle!!! 
You are wonderful!
Thank you for being a champion for education!  <3
I'm on my way!
Chris Suggs from Kinston, NC is there! A fine young man.
We miss having a First Lady.
This is good work! Thank you!!
Let me guess, no unruly welcome? LOL ;)
We LOVE you Michelle
Love you Mrs President 2020
Miss You and Your Family. #LOVE
The classiest woman ever!! Thank you!!
We miss you, Michelle.
Miss you so much as Our First Lady you are a class act
it's because of you! this is really great news! 
Thank you so much for serving as a First Lady with such an honor and grace. You are truly missed. 
The grace, intelligence and class of the Obamas in the White House is missed. What we have now is disgraceful.
Hello Queen
Miss having you as my First Lady such a good role model for my daughter and her friends thanks so much for your service
Please pass on my congratulations as well. What a fabulous thing.
@MELANIATRUMP @FLOTUS where R U 2Day?NJ at UR husband's Golf Club? Shame.Shame.Shame. U need a copy of Michelle's itinerary 2 follow.
You are "Awesome"
@sunny_agha Love you!
Awesome. Awesome. You will always be First Lady of the United States. You are amazing inspiring. One luv
Sorry about the weather. Certainly nothing personal.
Keep making a difference @MichelleObama !

♡♡♡You Michelle♡♡♡WISH....You & Barrack were STILL "OUR POTUS/FLOTUS"!!!!
I'm already in college, will come celebrate with me 
Wonderful and amazing! Let's continue to push for higher education. When they go low we go high! Congratulations seniors!
I miss you and your husband so much. I am America.
congratulations!
Congratulations to all the students and their families. We have a senior this year too!
Miss you and our President. You have meant so much to our country. 
I love and miss you 
Come back please!   We need both of you back!   Enjoy your speech.  You are truly exceptional.
Michelle Obama is doing more for our  country than our current First Lady, Melania. Her photo opps are becoming uneventful
♡
Continued success!!
Love you, love you, love you! I thank God for your beautiful light Mrs. Obama. You are truly a blessing to all, and my SHEro
Yeah NYU!
I love you Michelle!! My goal in life is to meet you 
Enjoy your day! We miss you. One hundred percent CLASS!!

come to NJ! We love you too!
Miss my FLOTUS.
Miss you madly, Beloved FLOTUS!
Thank You for Everything!
America is grateful for your tireless contributions to our great country. Thank you Michelle
We love you Michelle!
You are STILL the 1st Lady. We still love & appreciate you. Give those young men & women our support #BetterMakeRoom
Ur an awesome lady, America needs you to continue to reach out to us, YOU AND @POTUS44 will always b missed..
#ThankYou
Felicidades michelle
Oh Lady, My Lady! You are so beautiful, both inside and outside!
Shout out 2 my nephew Gary King graduating, headed to GA State University & his mother graduating the week before from Mercer University.
Proud of you 
@Parisrayanna but
I'm so happy you are still out there doing good things in this scary period of uncertainty.  
The only FLOTUS I acknowledge.
Awesome love the work you do. Miss a first lady with such initiative.
Stay public!
@blackthought Some super lucky seniors in NYC today!!! LOVE this ♡♡♡ Remember this day! Good luck to all! #CollegeSigningDay
You're a great role model
You are the epitome of a FLOTUS & beyond! Genuine, compassionate, intelligent, caring...I could go on & on! You are so appreciated!
Man, I miss you guys.
We miss you and your husband! You were wonderful and Influence on our country!
I love you so much Michelle. Thank you for your continued leadership.
Ur are just PRing for your Hubby's payout from big banks. U remain a state  paid con artist.
We Miss all of you so much 
Any chance we can meet for lunch so I can try to convince you to run for office? We need you desperately!


You have so much for so many thank you
LET'S GRAB COFFEE
We love u
Thank you for your support

Yesssssss♡
 Miss you! Can I have a job at the library?
Why?
I miss you. 
I miss you, Michelle, a First Lady, that proved what a First Lady should be, and lady, you personified what that word meant.
I love and miss you
you are missed soooooo much
Go Michelle!  Thanks for being fabulous!!!!
have fun! Thank you for all that you do!
i thought v lost him too?Ok,just saw Mr. Obama on this afternoon.&I even chatted with French on if the Cares can b more efficient in the
Context.  & Mr. @BarackObama I voted the lady, differ from your suggestion.
Continue your good work
