Michelle Obama gave the best advice to these college students as part of her @BetterMakeRoom campaign 
We miss you and your husband's class, intelligence and integrity so much 

I guess you're so proud of that fraction of a man in the White House now. He's a filthy liar taking u all for a ride #trumpisaconman
Funny how all liberals loved being with Trump until he became president, fucking hypocrites
I'm a New Yorker ... we've known him for the con man that he is for years. Enjoy that trickle down. Let me know how it works for you.
Oh I will thanks for your expertise in nothing. Hillary is such an honorable lady, talk about lying POS
And there it is.... no real defense for trump so you attack Hillary. Such a tired play, so sick of hearing about that women get over it.
Oh I'm sorry trying to get tax cut, getting rid of Obamacare has great men in cabinet. Doesn't talk to our enemies like a pussy would
This is what CLASS looks like
oh the naked mail order bride from Russia keep drinking that kool-aid 
Awww, another jealous snowflake!!  Don't be a hater just because she's rich, beautiful and smart .. and you're not!
@nowthisnews
D oboma‘s want u 2 go 2 college so they can teach u 2 hate Americans, because they were supposed 2 destroy AMERICA & didn’t succeed that’s
@nowthisnews
Very powerful
I am very proud to have had a first lady such as MichelleObama. God bless you and you inspire me to be everything I dream of.
She doesnt want 2 see every student succeed.  Not if they are GOP or conservative.  Her hatred is seething and we don't need that in America
Mrs. Obama 2020
You are asking way too much of her. Remember the hatred and bigotry she had to endure and rise above for 8 years. She deserves peace and 1)
2) quiet. Savor and enjoy the contributions she continues to make in the way she chooses to make them. Do not ask more of her. She  is a

@MichelleObama Miss you First of All Ladies! #BetterMakeRoom @ObamaFoundation
My daughter (Taija') was amongst the group of students you spoke with!!! #bettermakeroom
So glad she got to join!
It was such an honor for her to be apart of such an amazing opportunity with our former First Lady!!! #proudmom

She is too racist for that.
Some children don't have the capabilities to go to college. No child left behind is connected to common core, which is lunacy at it's best.
Can you run for President next
Then start in Chicago where they kill each other every day!
Hurry!!! Go to College to be indoctrinated into Snowflakes.  You're easier to control.  Micheal you're not a Mrs.  Start with that lesson.
@MichelleObama You mean the dream of you guys destroying the US, inflaming racism, turning the US into a caliphate, and more?
Mooch, why do all your motivational  tweets or retweets show black people? Is this racist?
And who is gonna drive the tractors on the fields?
Excelente, gesto noble de seguir adelante, como los admiro....

Were white students invited to this?  If not why?  So whites should follow your que and only have white meetings?   I'm confused 
Love your intentions but is so many people that can't because of the ADHD, I wish that one day education be also for this kind of people
@FLOTUS take notes not #plagiarism notes.
Anybody with more than 25 followers like 2 partner with LemonAID 4 disaster relief 2 educate kids and help.1 boring mom can only do so much
#michelleforpresident
I'll pass on Mooch's advice...You Obama's continue to stay in the Spot Light. We Have a New First Family. Tough it out!
Beautiful, brilliant woman.
@MichelleObama @nowthisnews why are they always black?are you a racist?
We miss you, Michelle, and the President too. What wonderful 8 years of hope and gentle strength we had in the last presidency.
Hello Michelle Obama. How are you doing. I think that you were an amazing First Lady and Black Woman. Best Regards Roger
Back to school advice!
I have my oldest son with a gifted mind going to college. He's being above and beyond in his studies. Scholarships?

I Love my First Lady, Michelle Obama. She is gem 
Best advice is to invest in a private education and spare yourself the leftist infoctrination of state-funded institutions.
Love Barack, but since rules say he can't be president again, How about You?  I'll vote for you right now #Michellefor POTUS

Please help us get Cassell to Texas https://www.gofundme.com/45zdpc8?pc=tw_dn_cpgnsharemore_r&rcid=r01-150305499601-b467747b75184bb2 …
@MichelleObama @nowthisnews  am from Kenya having completed my form four course early 2014...my parents are poor
@MichelleObama @nowthisnews ..again poverty has blocked my ambition to access my goal....am calling for any to help me
@MichelleObama @nowthisnews  your honour former first Lady.. Am wambua musyoka from kenya really dreaming for college

I agree with you.
she wants you to go into serious debt so you will be a slave to the system for life! yay - more money for the 1% #ObamaLegacy
Thanks for the follow Student writing anxiety: Start and finish a writing project in just 9 steps:Kindle/Paperback:
My novel WANTED DEAD: The Legend of Henry Berry Lowrie EXPOSES the Conservatives/KKK for WHO & WHAT they are. THIS IS HISTORY TO DISCOVER...

If they can survive the horrendous public school food menu, muhahah!
Every student isn't realistic, but having the choice to attend post education for free the first two years may get some students interested.
Of course that should be done!!!
Michelle how is life after the White House
How is life Michelle after White House
#blackpanthercuck
Even us white hard working folks with poor white children making straight A's in Beta Club and working a job?
Good morning Michelle how u doing 2 day I just wanted to let u know that I need my money as soon as possible because u know I'm homeless
Or should I say just reminding u so could u let your husband no that ok thanks your's truly Mr Gregory Wilson Sr aka Allah u akbar Ameen
Maybe you should have had Malia there.
Hahaha. She starves kids with her disgusting school lunch program but wants malnourished kids to succeed. Disgusting hag
Thank you for everything you do for our students! I am a High School Counselor. You inspire me and will always be my First Lady!
Michelle you are beautifulllllllll forever beautiful...Classy smart first lady...
Xxx
I DON'T WANT TO WAIT ANOTHER WHOLE YEAR TO GO TO UNIVERSITY! PLS HELP WITH MY TUITION FEES. THANKS! MY GRADES ARE ATTRACTIVE I PROMISE

Keep your advice to yourself, how much did they pay you for your so called advice.
http://gf.me/u/bpx8ea  if you can't help even just share, this is embarrassing but I'm desperate for my family.
@MichelleObama individuaks and families sitting in Homeless shelters in this nation see if china educated is the same
@MichelleObama when because of the economy and its poorly constructed policies domestically, we now have college educsted
@MichelleObama i so agree and room is indeed needed
Yes!!!!!!!!
from my @advocatehealthcase 2 use #racecard politics 2 justify they keep ALL ts @advocateheaslth court!! I'm an educated Black!!
There's my #politicalsister!! I agree cuz my @ThisisUIC education made it so I don't hv 2 rely on those certn Black Dems whom stole my court
Does @MichelleObama support people from other country. Like Nigeria!!!!
I wish..
I am happy you are still pushing education, I only made it to 10th grade and then left home. I am sorry that I did not pursue education
I'm a few (& then some) years outta college, but I love @MichelleObama advice for students! So inspiring. So grateful for MO
@BetterMakeRoom
keep up the good work Mrs Obama we really miss you all in the White House but God bless you and  Mr Obama
I miss u & ur family so very much. I miss the dignity the pride & the calm...I miss ur work ethic & ur ability to make us want to go high 
And she wants you to starve at school using her lunch diet. Of course, the tranny eats like a hog
We miss you in the WH but you are still very impactful! Thank you!
Michelle for President in 5 years !
Keep Steppin Mrs. Obama....God bless
Thank you for being someone God uses to bring about Positive change in the lives of people regardless of their Ethnicity.
Why don't you and your husband ride off into the sunset!
My grandson graduated to the 6th grade when he received the Presidents award for his grades be was very disappointed at the signature. Help!
mrs? nah
Obama = class ! Period - keep going higher, they're going lower
Robinson = brain , smart , bright 
Michelle=who is like U ?  No one even come close 
Thank you, I really needed that push thank you Michelle
I wish this were true! Obama Has the Highest incarceration Rate & Pedofile numbers in ALL Of Recorded History
@MichelleObama @nowthisnews She's right! DRoss&Suprms cut 9 flops bf hit w 10th; Abe lost 3 pol races; "Roots" rejctd >200X!
Words of wisdom from a wonderful role model 
Awesome. Has relevance even for me and I'm a retired corporate officer - lol
Even though she isn't in the White House anymore,she is still doing good works with our youths. God bless this beautiful First Lady 
Ma, I need financial  assistance to complete my education.
I love you so much Mrs Obama. You have done well in people's lives.
Sooooo good to hear your voice again 
Tough to follow this class act, miss u & 1st family.
be prepared to learn social justice and how to be a sheeple then your a debt slave forever for a deg in nothing... hahahahah fools..
Thank you so much for taking time out to speak with our youth that's headed to college!!! 
Thank you so much Madam first lady for such a inspirational advice to the young people in continuation of this unique round table advises.
I miss you & your husband in the White House l don't know what we got there now.
You are a beacon of light for your country in a very dark time. Please, never stop! 
This is fairytale in this social system....and who will work jobs that don't need college? Immigrants? Stop pretending
There is so much good advice here, hope all the @UniofHerts @UH_JointHonours students get a chance to watch this.
Thank you Ms. Obama ! You are a true loving person !
Sensible advice!
Do you mind sharing my educational fundraiser? The link is http://Gofundme.com/ieducate 
The Obamas should invest and bring others to invest in Kenya.
Please visit India
She's just wonderful
Come back Michelle 
#MichelleObama is going 2 make a great #POTUS
Michelle Obama & Barack are the best thing to happen to the White House. We miss them but wish them all the best. Greatest POTUS & FLOTUS !
We need more college and career  awareness programs! God Bless you Mrs. Obama!
Yeah that includes ALL colors and nationalities!
studen loans and lack of jobs are really hard on young graduates.  Love you Mrs Obama!
A fantastic role model!!!
If you need professional development to strengthen
 @BetterMakeRoom check out @TexasOnCourse for all your counseling and advising needs!
ついついどこかの国のファーストレディと比べてしまう・・・ボロ負けやん
Just love her....she is an inspiration to all people...
Thank you and your husband Mrs Obama
Love my First Lady
You are a great human being my First Lady.
I believe I would have had the life I would have wanted if I had been allowed to go to trade school instead of college.  milkaTheAppreciator
Mrs. Obama, please consider including trade-education-bound students in your mission to have all young people find the RIGHT EDUCATION.
Thank you so much 
Brava, Michelle!
Such great advice and so encouraging

