Obama was the best president ever.
He did well on econ/rights. But now I've dug into Russia-Trump suppress/hacks, I can't. He sold US out by not taking protective action(s).
He was damned if he did or didn't.
Exact agree. Why I, very sadly, nick his record is failure to adequately disclose to all US. I doubt I will ever be able to forgive that.
To each his or her own.
Concur with respect. That's a beautiful truth of our country.
There has never been a more creative or more visionary force for good than President Obama.
#44ever
#HOPE
#Change
Except for Michelle Obama
Goes w/o saying. Has there EVER been two souls more in sync, more in tune with each other, us, and our beautiful United States of America?
I love that saying.
Let's work together to make our dreams a reality. A community benefits agreement is a community-centered approach to development.
So true! That would be the best way to fight back!
This is the most promising news I've heard all day!
Maybe all week!! 
Since January 20th*
Same here.  Lol.
Can't wait for his new book and her too.
YES THEY DID.....SHARED EMOTIONS....
YES IT IS...SMART
Cuz that's how we roll in the Chi!
South Side!
I get you, but Go Cubs!
 Noooooooo!

Best President and a First lady ever. Miss you  both every day. 
Yes they absolutely were. The Obamas Cared. Reality Check People see that President Obama And Vice Pres. Biden were the Best for America.
Yes. Because we won't be silent. Silence is acceptance. We can't accept all this Deception, Malice, & Destruction from this New POTUS. NO.
You got 4 more years of complaining to do giddy up
You think Trump is a good president & good for our country?  You are what is wrong in our country today.
Trump's what has Really gone WRONG for our Country. There's No Goodness in him, only LIES. TRUMP'S Jealous of POTUS Obama's Greatness.
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
Welcome back we need to dump trump b4 he does any more damage.
Outstanding  Blessings for all that you do 
Thank you kindly for your comments. We will edradicate this evil trump and neutralize GOP's efforts to force injustice. #StrongerTogether
#Trump   !!!! @BarackObama 
You are soooo Right is Negative & Positive
j'aimais votre président #obama il avait fait de bonnes choses #Trump démolis tout 
I don't even know you on a personal basis; yet I love and respect you  both sooooooo much... From my heart I truly do... 
#Obamas
I remember watching this entire "occasion" on TV.  It was a great musical performance! 
President Obama, you are an awesome man. We need you more than ever.
Love the Obamas'!
#ILoveObama Looks awesome, Good Luck!
We desperately need your intellect and charm back. We miss you!!!!
What an inspiration. Thank you
I'm on board, I'm in, and ready with my check book, just like the last 8years, #stillmyPresident
You're awesome 
Well put.  Love it.
Definitely need to promote good citizenship more than ever these days
Awesomely True!!?
I think so, No question 
Sending you my best wishes. Thank you for your activism and humanity.
I love "The Obama's".  Classy couple and keep putting back into their hometown!
You are good people!
Beautiful 
Thank you President Obama
We are with you and Mrs. Obama and looking forward to the working center and we will be part of it, thankyou, good luck
Good luck
I want to help! How can I help?
Professor Gisele M. Casanova
@MichelleObama Lmfao you're husband already destroyed Chicago..learning from the clintons I see
Are all Trumpkins mentally unable to distinguish between "your" and "you're"? Is it a glitch in standard Russian bot-coding? SAD!
stop with the Russian crap already....its so old 
SO much positivity! I loved the Obamas' presidency. I believe he can still do a lot of good this way, even outside the White House.
Maybe more good outside than he did inside - he won't have the Republicans obstructing everything he tries to do.
Was your first donation from the #clintonfoundation ?
It certainly wasn't from that poor excuse for a President, Trump!
Oh I thought you were going to say obama 
So cool! I'll be planning a trip with my family to visit Chicago when it's completed.
Wow, you two are such amazing, caring, giving people! Can't wait to hear more from you and the wonderful plans you have!!
Keep it up.
Positive vibes and well wishes go out to the Obamas for the good intention and energy they put out into he world.
My HERO and SHERO
MY PRESIDENT 
You, Mr President, are what it is to be outstanding! Congratulations! We thank you for your service 2 USA, the world, humanity. Keep ACA USA
  I can't wait to see this in person.  Omg.  How long?
Words can't express how much we miss you. Thank you Mr. & Mrs. Obama for your service
The real president of America we miss you so much
Thank you and the Mrs. for your humanity! 
Thanks for all you both have done and continue to do. God Bless!
Very excited about this! Can't wait!! 
This is going to great!
So excited and proud of your efforts. 
I love it!
To lay yourselves down so tht others may rise is the root of loving humanity.Loving not only thru words,but deeds.sincerity.truth #WeObamas
@BarackObama
@MichelleObama  
Wow great
Yes. It's very great 
America needs you more than ever. Keep up the great work, Mr President. 
So good to know you keep going.
You guys are truly missed
Fantástico!!!
That's Great News.
Awesome
Tears in my eyes. What a relief to hear your voice, and see your vision, again.
good bluck Mr. OBAMA
Filled with excitement...can't wait to hear more!
This looks great & i wish you great success in your next quest. It makes me mad to see Trump wiping everything with the Obama name out.
Looking forward to visiting when it opens. 
How can I help the foundation train the next generation of leaders?
congratulations!
Something everyone can be a part of.
I love they are powerful individually but a force to be reckoned with as a couple.
Thank you for continuing to improve our nation's future!
Good vibes 
I sure do love the Obama Fam. Didnt get to meet u as president but maybe I have a better chance now that u are out of office. #thegreatest
A bright ray of light....Bravo!
LOVE YOU GUYS!
Lovely Obama
So glad you're in our corner!
We need your fighting spirit & brilliant mind now more than ever!  Blessed Be ♡
Can't wait to visit. Thank you for being our President.
We need you! 
Keep up the great work!  
A President with a truly lasting legacy, in and out of the White House.  Thanks Obama!
Congratulations President Barack Obama! This is so well derserved for one of the Greatest Presidents of the United States of America. 
Positive @MichelleObama & @BarackObama working on positive tomorrows
 
I went to Chicago last year (from UK) and absolutely loved it. Great city with great people. Good luck with this fabulous project!

@dylanewells @megatronbattery 51
U and ur Husband were the worst thing that could possibly happen to our democracyUr pres.has destroyed & divided our country.GO away 4 USA
Following the Clinton Foundation, UR another Money Hungry foundation taking money from foreign  countries like Iran & other Muslim countries
Video shows a track going away for the building/grounds. Will it be rebuilt somewhere nearby? So important for community physical activity.
For how much?  Sorry to be cynical Dad but you left us with quite a horrible Stepdad.  I think he may even leave us at a rest stop.
This nightmare might be coming to an end very, very soon.
I am praying. We cannot be done in by a moronic orange clown.
Thank you...needed in all cities. Can't wait to visit.#UYG #Raisingleaders
Thank you @BarackObama and @MichelleObama for all you have done for our country and all you will continue to do!! We miss you!
Please make your building an example of sustainable design with clean energy & inspirational public art. Thanks - keep lots of trees too.
My kind of town Chicago is, my kind of people too, people who at you My kind of razzmatazz, & it has, all that jazz!(& THE CUBS!)
You and Michelle will always be my President and my First Lady! Nothing will change. Forever in my heart! God loves you and so do I.
My Heart Glows .. Count Me In! :)    Home Away From Home  Home Is Where The Heart Is  "You've Got Heart lots & lots & lots of Heart.."
Good things!
Keep it up sir
Love it
That’s Yavin base, right? I’m not imagining this?
I love it. Such a positive energy you giving to people. That's what we need from THE  REAL LEADER.
Incredible
Well done & God bless
Long after the MAGA hats are landfill, History will bow to you both as rare exemplars of decency, strength & wisdom.
Thank you Mr. President for all you did. I will never forget being a volunteer at the DNC in 2008. I drove from Cali. Best experience ever.
we love u...maybe this will bring back some form of decency to democracy in America again....
1 half a billion dollars for a library, who the hell reads that many books? Chicago going down the tubes, HMMMM
I hope you know how much you're missed. 
happy we live in South Michigan near state line so we're close & can come to your center ..love it.
Also you will always be my President!!!!
Count me in!!
Miss your presidency, please fight the republicans and trump.  They r destroying America
#Thank you President Obama and Michelle# We miss your intellectual figure!
I love Obama and all he was able to get Done!! Being the First Black Man to win that office came with all kinds of HATERS!!!
@kathieallenmd, this is a message that comes from the heart. Something @jasoninthehouse is missing.
hopefully the Extreme Marshmallow Cannon can find it's forever home.
President Obama you help change my life and way of thinking.  Thank you for your service
Good citizenship is the cornerstone for true patriotism & public service! Congrats @BarackObama @ObamaFoundation 
Hats of to the best President America has ever seen. (  BARACK OBAMA  (  It shall be well with you N your family. .
An amazing addition to our wonderful city! So proud to be a Chicagoan!
Thank you for starting one foundation; get a Endowment started I'll give : Sasha , is own my Facebook. She likes science Maybe a Doctor?
Thank you for your continued service to us! Your legacy is firm 
Awesome
So nice to see good work for the citizens being done! #refreshing
keep on going--rootin for you and family!!  Thank you for your never ending service!
Let's do this!
Beautiful & Brilliant!
Look forward to touring and seeing some great initiatives from the Center.
Right behind you Mr President. Right behind.
What can we do to remove our illegitimate president from office?
Chicago!!
So thrilled to hear!  Thank you! 
WITH LOVE AND BEST WISHES. ALWAYS TRUST AND WITH TRUTH THEN PATIENCE ... TTP... LET'S PREPARE THE FUTURE RIGHT HERE RIGHT NOW
Congratulations
Thank you for all you do,from Elkhart,Indiana
Thumbs up, great work!
@BarackObama @MichelleObama It looks wonderful!
Nice!!!
Great Work
So good to know you continue the honorable way of life!
Sounds Wonderful!
mu ch better thsn a wall.... !!!
We love & miss your family, but you have GREATER work to do!! #gohigher
I love you. I thank you. I miss you.
This sounds amazing! I don't know how but I want to be part of it.
That is why U guys were the Pres.and 1st lady for 8 years.A good leader will always be good no matter where U are as long U put yourto it
Thanks Obama!
Precisely the leadership and passion we need at this critical juncture--thank you Predident Obama.
Precisely the leadership and passion we need at this critical juncture--thank you President Obama.
Obama ayudeme,soy madre cabeza de hogar desplazada,vivo en bogota,colombia,estoy enferma y tengo un niño con autismo de 9 años,3156895589
Hola @elbasalar1970 somos un servicio de atencion integral y somos especialistas en autismo. puedes contactarnos al 3185907325
Dios me los bendiga la gloria sea para Dios esa entidad es colombiana perdon la ignorancia soy de pueblo que es seatin sas,obama foundation
Even I am not in USA , But my all supports , respects & honors are with you and your family . Missing a such adorable human , Take care -Apu
What Bullshit how many $$$$ are you and BarryO getting under the table $400K Speaking
I wonder who's financing this monstrocity? I hope NOT the taxpayers!!!Not much of an imagination on the name 'Foundation'.(clinton now obama
Barack Obama Presidential Center will be historic.
@BarackObama  we miss you so much as our president! I always felt peace when you were running the country.  julie from Houston
I will help anyway I can
Praise the Lord!
@MichelleObama @BarackObama U R truly missed by so many of us!Thank u 4 all you've done & cont 2 do!Congrats on ur center
God Bless you and your family President Obama ..... you are 
greatly missed !!!!!
The plans I've seen are outstanding.Having this beautiful building in Chicago will throughly help to raise Chicago and help a city improve
Way to go.Beginning low with all the mudslinging from the current person in the Oval Office,the OBAMAS are going HIGH. I'd love to be a part
Boy why I thought this was the beginning to Family Matters...
Love you both. Thank you for your Leadership and many good works. We miss you so much it hurts.
Sign me up!
Thank you so very much for creating a space to develop good citizenship
Mr President so glad your back. Can't wait for you to be engaged in making Chicago my home town to be the best it can be. HOPE and change.
Thank you both for your hard work and patriotism.. So much work to do here in HI.
Our beautiful and smart real first lady. Always.
love you folks, stay cool and how can I be of assistance?
Imagine the change!!! #hopeandhustle
WOOHOO!!!
Blessings. Be visible. We need to see you.
Thank God you are back!
sigh of relief you're back I'm in!
I'm all for it...
Love and respect

Thanks Obama's we miss your sanity, & ur fight for justice and the American ppl. May God BLESS you always! @JoyAnnReid @Lawrence @Cheezetta
Good work！
Por favor ayudeme como hago para que el va de wasinton,me pague,Y el congreso de la republica,mi hijo no tiene terapias,ni medicamento,esta
Tha Mr President you are the greatest...intellectual and smart. God bless you and family.

 you
Still making this country proud!
SALUDOS!
Missing you both
I'm so glad I voted for you!!!
Americans need the Obama's!!!
They are doing good with the $ they get from books and speeches. So proud!!
Are you hiring yet? If so, where do we apply?
@MichelleObama That's great!
I hope you realize how many people miss you ... its a huge mess now :(
@_that1lightskin how much you wanna bet, just by looking at the model, that this is Michael van Valkenburgh. I bet you.
It's a unique initiative for the humanity for being a true human.  @VarunVarunY, @VarunVarunY
It's the baddest part of town.  Just look  out for a man named Leroy Brown.
obama was best president
