Says the woman who spent 8 years politicizing our kids health. Lady, mind your own d@mn business. Raise your kids, leave the rest alone.
Bingo!  And what do we have to show for it? A lunch program that kids aren't eating.
You are allowed to fix your kids any lunch you would like AT HOME.
Schools are banning parents from doing that. Control freaks.
Local sch had choc milk on Friday's. Pulled it bc *some* loudmouth parents didn't like it.
Grocerys stores sell chocolate milk you can buy for your kids, put in a thermos and send to school. Dont blame MO because u r a lazy parent
I send my kids to priv school. They offer healthy lunch but also treats.Real world choices.
Then shut up! This is not even your problem.  Go find some business. Newsflash most "treats" are the reason lil becky has cavities.
I miss having a real FLOTUS.  Michelle is a woman who genuinely cares about the health and prosperity of ALL Americans and the world.
More like America-hating professional race-baiter who thinks she knows better than mothers.
How dare Harvard educated, scandal free Michelle Obama care about young people. Maybe she should pose nude & hide out in her penthouse.
maybe she should be worried about her underage daughter getting drunk at a party with grown men
I see a teenager at a music festival dancing.  How did you come to the conclusion that she was drinking? 
she was caught smoking pot so....maybe not drinking but both illegal for her age.
And? Why does this affect you if she did? We don't know if she did or not.
You questioned the facts I was clarifying them. Clarity is something you seem to lack...
We are not ok with our kids 'eating crap' as you put it. That's why parents are thrilled that your school lunch program will be dismantled.
Crap is the junk food and soda kids expect as part of a meal. Why not just serve them poison instead?
Know of a single public school that provides soda with lunch? Most ban them from the vending machines as well.
Some schools have even stopped serving whole milk or 2%, they serve skim! I won't drink skim
you're a little old to be attending school these programs affect.. if not, bring your own milk or bring it up to the board. #oldestsenior
I usually bring a six pack to share. That helps us kids swallow the food

Our school "lunches" are all ready CRAP  Thanks for killing my mouth for years
If you're too dumb to realise white supremacy is making sure aroma of dignity for black people should smells like s**t, now you know!
We miss your voice and decency! Please stay active for our children!
In private schools, maybe.
Then blame the schools. Did Michelle make the damn food? No.
For the first time I'm proud that we have now President Trump who is for American values, not socialist, communist, Chicago gang like values
You were the one that served up crappy school lunches to our kids. It got thrown in the garbage and the kids went hungry.
#whenareyourunningforpotus?
#Impeach the #Press End #PressBriefings Sick of #FakeMedia #CNNsucks Let Citizens ask questions!
But you played politics with tasteless & unappealing school lunches and it outraged parents. Your voice was heard then & it was full of 
May I ask you something Michelle?!? Why don't you candidate yourself to become the first woman to be President of United States of America?!? Not just for the Democrats, not just for the biggest democracy of the world called America, but for the Earth Planet.
Hearing this from the likes of you is almost laughable.  Thanks to your husband for nearly killing me. Enjoy your blood money.
It's a shame that common sense like this escapes so many people.
Like feeding their own kids and not expecting someone else to?
Absolutely Lady O, well said ! 
GET OUT OF OUR LIVES!!!!
Thank you for caring about all our kids!
You made crappy school lunches even worse. That's quite an accomplishment.
We miss you and Barack dearly!
Are you referring to you and the NRA?
Totally agree with @MichelleObama  "Nobody should play politics with our kids health." #PHASummit #LetsMove #obesity
And yet she did. Over and over.
While your kids ate gourmet meals. Our kids were feed crap I wouldn't feed my dog or yours for that matter!
After what your husband did, you should be ashamed of yourself for making that statement
@ChiOneToo shout it Loudly!

remember when you showed your arms and the republicans lost their shit
yet they don't care that the president fired the FBI director
Or that the current First Lady has appeared nude & refuses to live in the WH!!!
Nothing factual about anything you say. You are stupid beyond words, if your stupidity wasn't self inflicted I'd feel sorry for you.
What have I said that is not factual?
Actually, it's still refusing, even if you think it's for a valid reason.
Thats rich seeing as your "husband" put us in this predicament.
explain that theory, crazy theory
ACA . Gives billions 2 the middle east. He depleted r military. Lied about Saira not having clemacal weapons. Created isis Hillarys help
You're seriously misinformed and seriously wrong. Where do people like you actually get your news?
Not Ever!
Why would anyone listen to nutritional advice from a fattie?
Don't play politics with kids, coming from an admin that used kids as props as often as it could. Smh
We miss you! Please help fight for our kids!
#ReducedLunch #FreeLunch What does that "Demand" look like under capitalism #FirstLady???  #AllLivesMatter lol. 
Michelle Obama criticizes Trump's school lunch decision...

"Think abt why someone is ok w/ your kids eating…
Then why did you and Mr. Obama let them eat crap for the past 8 years?? Riddle me that...
Hey Michell, It's MY JOB to decide what I want my kids to eat for lunch, NOT YOURS. BUTT OUT!
1. Most schools offer healthy lunches. 2. Ms. Obama, there is no need for a "National Mom." Mind your own business.
1) May be healthy but kids aren't eating 2) She should go off into the woods. Her reign is over.
I whished, he's talking here with the next U.S. president ;-)
You are championing a great cause. Childhood obesity is now a global problem. Please come and inspire our African children. Would be amazing
a kenyan girl with a degree in education art looking for any job if any inform me 0799527315
Oh how we miss you.
I didn't put any quotations around "we" and you can just get off the page if you want to.
Even if I don't live in America, here in North-West of Italy, we're starting to be tired of the current President of U.S.A. ....you know why?!? Because we already had a buffoon, a moron and sexual maniac as Premier in my Country and we could give you some advice...
My children have no issues eating the school lunches. Many of the parents are happy as well as the kids. Make your child's lunch or shut up.
Oh PLEASE come back!!!! We miss you @MichelleObama !!!! You will ALWAYS be my FLOTUS
We all miss you so very much. You are such a classy lady.
Who is built like a man.
Like I said she is a classy lady. When you go low, I'll go high. It is time to stop the insults against the Obama's. They are missed.
I miss you more than words can describe.
You have a lot of nerve! Prisoners get better food, but they are your base aren't they?
Hey MO, checkout the #ThanksMichelleObama to actually see the crap that you fed K12 kids. Pretty sure your kids didn't eat the same crap. 
Can you please point me in the direction of where you have issue with specific requirements in HHFKA? Cite pages or paras please
Look & study the photos from kids using #ThanksMichelleObama. She's the BS crapper who fed kids mandatory crap. Local ISDs-parents are best!
This is why MO got involved. Why r ppl so keen 2 condemn their kids 2 lifelong health probs, diabetes, hypertension etc by giving them crap?
We will never stop our voices are louder than his
Stupid people always talk loud because they know nobody thinks they have anything to say.
YOU played politics. YOU forced rules. YOU created financial penalties. YOU took away choice. YOU are not MY kids mom, I am.
YOU have kids? "keep" them? My oldest is protecting you and yours if you have any! All 4 in great shape! @MichelleObama
Boy do we miss you
@MichelleObama could you please stay on permanent vacation and keep your evil lying mouth shut, that would be awesome?!
‘Scuse us? Michelle Obama ‘is the last person’ who should be accusing Trump admin of this http://twitchy.com/sd-3133/2017/05/12/scuse-us-michelle-obama-is-the-last-person-who-should-be-accusing-trump-admin-of-this/ … Michelles Garbage Food
@pmbasse next time use a completed lunch instead of a half truth. Michelle  as a GMI thank you for you were my subject for Master thesis
OK here ya go...10 Photos that Expose How INEDIBLE Michelle Obama’s “Lunches” Are Michelles garbage food! 2014-2017

At least Michelle TRIED doing something, instead of hiding away in a penthouse under the guise of letting her son finish the school year.
#PoorlyEducated #Trumpsters R pathological liars just like their obese #LiarInChief
BTW He put chicken nuggets & sugary milk back in schools
SadieCitrus I am in total agreement with you Michelle put healthily lunches back in schools. Did my Master thesis on just the benefits TX u
Please go away. Ur school program was an expensive disaster with millions of dollars of food thrown away by kids. Worry about ur own kids
That's fine, condemn yr kids to a lifetime of health probs b/c you don't like the person who cares.....
Actually, I'll just be a good parent and not count on a federal bureaucrat that knows nothing to parent my kid
And what if you are working and can't police everything your kids are eating? I would like knowing their school is taking care of them.
The schools were doing fine b4 she tinkered with it. It's amazing how parents did just fine for decades & decades w/o govt help until now
@PattiKimble How amazing is she! Thank you Michelle Obama!
She was the best FLOTUS since Eleanor Roosevelt.
Oh brother!!!
@MichelleObama was the the best #flotus since Eleanor Roosevelt. Also you should hear the names I'm called because I'm liberal.
Oh my. You and I absolutely do not see eye to eye.
At my kids school no one was eating your crappy choices. I'm glad it's gone.

Love you, Michelle!!!
The food was shit. You eat that monkey feed if you want, but leave everyone else alone.
kids might just want to go to school now for there dinners instead of boring lessons and boring food go trump make school meals great againx
Don't forget the white kids Michelle.
"No one should play politics" as you play politics. You're as oblivious as you are bad at being a nanny.
Love  you and miss you
Thank you First Lady Michelle for being a Great Mother not only to your own, but to All Children. Your Love Shows. Happy Mother's Day!
Pamela if you r a mother, Happy Mothers day to u too. Love your tweets and sending  your way.
Thank you so much! I say Mother's Day is not only for women who gave Birth. But, Also for those who can Touch Lives. Happy Mother's Day. 
You are a beautiful souls Pamela!  Happy Mother's Day to you!!
Thank you ladies for keeping +++ to eachother. So many hateful comments here. It's irrational responses to MO promoting healthy living. SAD
Hi Sachielles. Thank you. All of you are a Blessing. The ones riding the WH Hateful Train will Crash. Love, Goodness & Truth Will Prevail.
#buttlungs
@DrBurkeHarris talked about importance of nutrition at her conference 2016.  Keep up the great work!
please come on WVON 1690AM to discuss in details with host Ms. Perri Small. Connect with producer sonya@wvon.com
Bet your kids didn't have to eat the food that our kids were subject to! You played politics with our kids & now your done! #hypocrite
Looks like your kids did not get stuck with the slop you pushed onto the rest of America
Go Michelle Obama!!!
I work with school cafeterias and YOU ruined school lunches!!!  Processed foods, high in sodium, loss of jobs for workers..FACT. SHUTUP
I totally support good nutrition for kids but fat free flavoured milk is just sugar in disguise.
My kids won't eat that crap. No kid I knows will eat it. So they would rather go hungry than eat it. That's not healthy.
I all ways have sed  any dog that's friendly is in my family and I have big family. your dogs are part of my family I tell that lol
Trump son to attend a school where students make, serve, and eat a meal with the homelesswhile listening to a homeless person's life story.
you made the kids eat crap for the pass 8 years. You, America hater.
you are beautiful persona, I am from Mexico, kisses 
they are starving !
Mooch the hypocrite might want to start with her fat ass! She made kids school lunches disgusting,not healthy at all. My kids bring lunch.

400K man of the peeps laughable
I am sure she is fully capable to make sure our children are fed, as she appears to be an excellent mother to Barron
Thank you, Mrs. O!  Flowers for you. Yes, we must support our children by feeding them well!  @Impeach_D_Trump
Maybe you should stay out of our business and let us take care of our own children.  They won't eat what you want.

Love Michelle,  miss her
I think you know how terribly much we all miss you both.
Who died and made you the queen of school lunch? Kids were starving/throwing your shitty food in the trash.
Those kids had to eat food that looked like slop it was so good they threw it in the trash ...
https://vimeo.com/216510016  13yr old girl 3x leukemia fighter fearful of healthcare future. Plz share!
From someone who played politics for 8 yrs.  your lunch program was thrown out more than eaten.  Talk about waste
Thank you for caring & showing compassion  Something we haven't heard in the past 5 months 
The lunch's were thrown in the garbage! Wasteful. Does no good, if the kids throw it in the garbage!
Single Payer for all
Do you think Barron Trump eats crap for a school lunch? Hell no!!!
1M kids stop school lunch due to .@MichelleObama’s standards http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/mar/6/1m-kids-stop-school-lunch-due-michelle-obamas-stan/ …  UNPALATABLE LUNCHES ENDED UP IN THE GARBAGE
Your school lunches where horrible! I bet you didn't eat that crap that was fed to our kids.  Go away already 8 years was more then enough
Children are our most important asset. Thanks for being there for all of them.
Run for president
Protein increases brain development.maybe some folks want dumb kids .fed junk
You go, Michelle!

“You could cancel briefings. You could do that.  Another choice would be to cancel lies.” https://twitter.com/sarrata/status/813226561373609984 …
When you advocated for healthy food as First Lady you made it political.
#ObamaGate #Ocare sorry but it's only good for illegals and the poor, the people who pays don't qualified!! #AmericaFirst 
When 1 says "play politics" it is difficult to admit Welfare at $1 Trillion/yr now can be attackd as the social enemy it has become 4 Blacks
Mother's of you're race don't think about good food for kids. They think about their next crack fix
- why are u & barry so noisy after the w.h.? unprecedented. parents are responsible for their kids' eating systems, not you!
Love you Michelle! And that guy you're married to is pretty awesome too. Miss you and your family so much 
, your standards might be easier to accept if your own kids participated instead of the gourmet meals they get.
Thank you @MichelleObama , for being a Hero and Advocate for our kids !  We LOVE and MISS you !!
Don't be upset with the President. Kids didn't like your 3rd world styled lunches either. Did you ever try one? I'm sure you didn't.
Changes needed. On field trip w/my daughter this week she had the school lunch. 18g sugar in vanilla milk, 24g in craisins & berries sugar
Everyone needs you more than ever!
antey that guy varun tej guy my tweeter using antey Mr New President tweeter account nat ther
my hot not ther antey
We love you @MichelleObama !
Your so called lunch was disgusting and kids were not eating it. Nobody cares if you are bored go dance on talk show.
Like you did with your "healthy meal" program? The kids were eating crap food while your daughters ate like  PRIVELEDGED ELITIST!!
Dear Michelle - am raising money for my sister - she's being treated for cancer - link is JUSTGIVING.COM@@andrewkemavor! Thanks!
Yeah.
America MUST recognize that paying women to raise bastard kids hurts the kids,... first. Double the abuse of two parent families.
Hello Madam president my name is ludine I was hoping you and check out my website http://luderatus2017.le-vel.com 
Happy Mother's Day to the best First Mother the US has ever had. Love you and miss your presence at the White House
Amen to that!!! Our kids deserve so much better
.... like providing healthy lunches.. as. Vladtrump says..."then you'd be promoting them little bas*ards to want to eat!!" @MylesDalquist
Kids will choose ice-cream for breakfast.  So will adults who don't know any better.  Bless you @MichelleObama for at least trying to help!
They go low, we go high. I say that to my kids a the time. Thanks for that. Miss you terribly.

I miss you so much!
Thank you for all that you have initiated for America's children.
I thought this is terrible until I read that meal programs will be able to serve students 1% milk instead of fat free milk. Liberal garbage
Michelle Obama, I love you OK, but why is this the only thing your criticising Trump over?
Well said!
Hi
Barry and you need to take a much deserved breather.
inspiring words that are sadly true and not brought to light enough these days. It's all about money and not Americas kids..
Amen 
Help us all please. You’re our only hope!
https://goo.gl/ML8wgT 
Everything's about hate with you nuts.First time in 8 years proud of my country. grandson won't eat school lunch, must be 10 year old hater
I'm trying to get awareness to mental health for all ages drawing through the darkness it's helped me and would love to inspire others
Thanks for standing up for our children!! They/we need you!!HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
85% of school lunches were in the GARBAGE because of you!  They weren't losing weight!  They were eating more because so hungry at lunch!
Dig in Michelle, looks so yummy
And as a nurse who weighs EVERY student Yrly it hasn't made a difference, sorry to burst your bubble. A hotdog on whole grain is disgusting
