Seeing someone that looks like me is empowering! The last speech he gave should empower us all!
Why does someone have to look like you, for you to feel empowered? There is no Spaniard super hero and I love Marvel! It was so racially dividing when she said black girls rock. why not Spaniard? How about just women rock?
Now this is where the wheels go off the rails! This was my personal opinion due to my personal experience! You have your opinion and I am entitled to mine! This does not effect you so why comment. This was my observation nothing to do with you!
Why put it on Twitter if you did not expect comment?
Sometimes there is no need for a response when someone shares their experiences or opinions, I believe that’s why they have a like tab and if you don’t agree just scroll pass! Let me know the last time you where a black male. I’m not Hispanic so I pretty much leave it alone
So if I'm not black I should not watch the movie?
If you are green you should watch this movie! What I was trying to express is that inclusion is a good thing for everyone. I just happen to be black and can appreciate the positive representation that’s all!
Do I come from a parallel universe ? Is that why nobody seems to remember the 3 very successful Blade movies ? You know, the ones with the black Marvel hero Blade. Guess I may have imagined them and this film is really groundbreaking. Sorry Mr Snipes
I don't think its that. I know people remember the Blade. If it wasn't those movies and Shaft and things like that we wouldn't have BP. Blade wasn't a fan favorite tho. It had more of a cult following. BP is at the height of superhero movies. A time where everyone goes to see em.
It’s a super hero movie. Can we leave it at that. Black people have been on screen as heroes for a long time If you want to talk discrimation look at the Asian/Indians we only get portrayed as geeks with accents.
Although I agree. I WOULD like to see more Asian and other such superheroes. That would be dope.
It’s was an excellent movie with brill  actors. Black people have excellent presence on tv and great roles in Hollywood and fab musicians and atheletes. Let’s not make it a race thing when there isn’t a need is all I was saying
I get what you are saying. 
Unfortunately that's not possible here where I live. 
Me and others only are saying it's a cultural milestone for our community cause this is the first "MAJOR" black superhero.
Err hello - Halle Berry - Xmen bloody fab actress with a major role . Will Smith a legend in his own right. Denzel Washington, Morgan freeman, actors should be recognised on TALENT not on race.
One... Storm is in all of 30 minutes of every X-Men film she's in collectively. Two we talking about superhero films. That's this whole conversation. Not black actors as a whole. Black actors starring in superhero movies. Which is the most popular genre atm.
We love and miss you, Michelle.
WAKANDA FOREVER! 
We need you on the gun issue.
If they had the comic books, they would have seen it a long time ago. Also, There has been a black Green Lantern, and let’s not forget about Blade. Wesley Snipes led that role way before “wakanda” or whatever it’s called. This is nothing new FORMER first lady.
Unfollow @VP he doesnt follow you.

The black panther movie was just okay. Too long. Overrated.
Michelle Obama!!! Purse so heavy
Michelle Obama for President!!
From north to south Black Brazilians organised viewings of #BlackPanther and there was a huge turnout in São Paulo
a testament Americans that we are not a racist nation! WE ARE NOT VICTIMS! as much as the divisive media would like us to believe solely for their political gain! #Raceturbation has been used as a political tool & has created division.  $300million in 1st week! #NotARacistCountry
Ok
They always say the right thing.
I miss you so much
By the way, love you and miss you and your husband!
And if you haven't seen it yet, please stay until the very last credits roll! There's something at the end and just when you think the end is over "wait, there's more"
That's how all Marvell movies are. Have you ever seen Iron Man? The Avengers?
Yes, of course! I just wasn’t expecting it to happen twice though. Basically, I wouldn’t want anyone to miss out like I almost did.
I missed the last part :(
Great movie, though.
It's okay, you're not alone but for the next time, try and wait until the very end.

The WHOLE world gone fuck wit my “Free Flow” 

https://youtu.be/R5QrMlitZEM  
What they should really see is heroes in their own homes. Superheroes in film won't give courage, morals, etc as much as a father who loves their mother and provides for them. Now that's heroic.
If white men are such great family men, then Why are White women divorcing white men at an alarming 52% divorce rate? Why do White men commit 87% of all documented cases of child molestation and incest? Why do so many white kids use drugs and commit suicide?
7 in 10 child rapists in America are White males according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics. With that being the case, do you feel that it is appropriate that the average White male should be racially profiled as such for the protection of the nation?
a) your “data” is worthless unless you provide the link not just a screenshot, & b) google how *per capita* stats work. You’re a moron, and evidently a racist as well.
CRIME PER CAPITA: (WHITE MALES ARE JUST 10% OF THE POPULATION OF THE EARTH BUT THEY HAVE COMMITTED 85% OF THE WORST ATROCITIES AGAINST HUMANITY AND HAVE BEEN THE MOST MURDEROUS DEMOGRAPHIC PER CAPITA THROUGHOUT THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD!
a) data or it didn’t happen, & b) writing in all caps doesn’t make your argument any stronger. Quite the opposite, in fact 
Of the 31 categories of crime the FBI lists, white Americans lead 28 of them and commit 70% of all crime. White males, who are just 30% of the US population, lead all other groups in aggravated assault, larceny-theft, arson, weapons-carrying, and rape.
A real life black Hero is called #Jeffery Sterling, he told the truth about the CIA leaking nuclear weapons details. Your husband had him arrested remember? Hypocrisy much.

https://theintercept.com/2018/01/19/jeffrey-sterling-cia-leaking-prison/ …
No, but Obama sure needs lawyers now.
When people forgot about this guy
That can be deemed racist, whites and blacks all live together. Along with Asians and Hispanics. Not just a black world
I guess you’ve never watched #Hancock or #Blade before.  Congrats on making EVERYTHING about race.
Mad about what?  Who cares about skin color of the directors?  Or the budgets of the film?  They’re still “superhero” movies feature a black male as the star. Quit making everything about race. We’re HUMANS. Pigmentation of the skin doesn’t matter.  Geez.
First, it wasn’t a diatribe.  It was a reply to YOUR reply.  If you’re going to use “big” words then learn their meaning.  Second, you mentioned ‘Caucasian’ twice. Color is synonymous with a person’s race.  IE, I’m white / Caucasian.
I’m not going to argue semantics with you, guy.  Google “while male” or “black male”.  I’m not saying it’s politically correct or even logical, but it’s common knowledge in our country.  Where are you from?  If you’ve lived in America more than 3 months then you already know.
Falcon is sitting in a corner crying and blade is underground right now like ugh Shoulda been less violent
Falcon didn't get to have his own movie and Blade 3 was so long ago that nobody still in high school now was old enough to have seen it in theaters.

Nobody forgot them. She's talking about young people in particular getting to see a lead character.
Ok lol
Literally she said "young people" and "on the big screen" in the original tweet.

Maybe you should spend more time reading than typing.
Alright then
You realize that making zero-content posts for no reason except to get in the last word only makes you look insecure, right?
sorry you didn't find the joke amusing. Clearly it was in jest but I didn't mean for it to trigger you lol

Um...What about Blade chopping up vampires? Wesley Snipes doesn't count? Or Luke Cage? Mike Colter  has been representing in the Marvel Universe for a minute.  I love Black Panther, but this isn't the first time an African American actor played the lead as an action hero.
Don't pretend they're all in the same wheelhouse. Blade was always a vampire hunting antihero. on a personal crusade Luke Cage began as a jive-talkin' ex-con mercenary for hire, now he's the ex-con who turned over a new leaf. Neither of them have the same impact.
Blade is very much a hero. Defeating evil vampires is a will of good. Heroic traits.
Please look up the definition of "antihero" before assuming it means the opposite of "hero". Thanks.
Please don't assume bc I differ from your position that somehow it makes me stupid.  Please explain to me how "Blade," lacks the "conventional" attributes of a hero.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWe7SGTMPU0 … This is the best explanation on my position on the movie.
Anyone can have an opinion. My assertion is backed up by having read Blade's stories from his beginnings in Tomb of Dracula all the way until the present. He started off in the horror genre as a protagonist. He's an antihero even w/o being compared to the supers. Google it.
Not googling the back story of Blade. He's a protagonist who's the lead in a major motion picture. That's my point. Acting like this is the 1st time a black actor has been the lead in a superhero movie is inserting politics where it doesn't belong, AND it's factually incorrect
In other words, you're done and ousted. Bye now.
Cyborg? Bishop? Black lighting? Luke Cage?
None of those have been the lead character in a full theatrical release motion picture, and all of them deserve it.
To enjoy a black superhero it doesn't have to be in the theaters
Never said it has to be, but the comment everyone is fussing over DID specifically state "on the big screen"

Plus there's merit to that, because watching it on Blu-Ray doesn't have the same shared cultural experience.
*cough* *cough* blade?
Blade was in theaters in 1998.

Anyone who saw it in theaters is no longer a "young person"
Huh? What do you mean there were young people watching it then and there was a RECENT blade movie that came out a couple of months ago. 

A majority of the people going to see the movie aren't young. They're adults screaming "black power"
Which recent blade movie is that? The fan-made trailer someone did by cutting together bits of Blade, Blade 2, Blade Trinity, and scenes from the Underworld movies?

Also, no, you don't get the fifth biggest opening weekend in cinema history without young people buying tickets.
I must agree that this movie was great but here we go with race again... Just to inform you Mrs. Obama this was not the 1st superhero of another race!!!! Just to name a few African American superheros for you, #1 Storm you do remember her right? #2 Falcon #3 Blade #4 Tombstone
BP is a super hero 'made in Africa'. With a fictional African country & language. That's what she meant really. Not about racism
Of course you know about YOUR history right.  what a JOKE!! Find out why this movie is recording history as we speak I guess That’s why all you punks are Mad .
Now I gave Two perspectives same message. https://www.facebook.com/whoiskalibur/videos/2072603079431530/ …
Michelle stop. I respect you incredibly but these types of tweets don't do anything for society besides divide us. We enjoy movies because of its content not because of the color of the skin of the main characters. Please stop.
Tell the people who are only casting white people as main characters that the skin color of the main character doesn't matter.

Also tell all the people who got upset because Finn is black in Star Wars.
Show me where and when a casting director is strictly requesting for white folks.
I can show you plenty of times when studio executives outright said that superhero movies (or other related genres) with a black lead character simply wouldn't sell, and things like that.

Thankfully they've all been proven wrong in the past few days.
I mean why would they chose a Asian, a Latino or a white dude to play "black" panther. I mean wtf. 

Also, the director has made incredible movies. He's good at what he does. It has nothing to do with his color.
Of course, his most recent two big movies are exceptional specifically because of his approach to presenting the black experience and black culture through his films.

Also, I'm not sure why you thought I was criticizing Ryan Coogler at all?
Hint: I was talking about things like why it took 25 years of people pushing the studios to actually get a Black Panther film at all.

Wesley Snipes wanted to produce a film of the character in 1993.
Gotta make it about race, huh? Being a hero isn’t about black or white. It’s about doing the right thing. Integrity has no color. Adios!
 A+ trolling. Unless you’re serious. Then you’re just deplorable.
Wow you are naive. Have you visited the Middle East? It is not the whole Arab “society” that takes part in the things you’ve listed. I am half Arab, born in America, I lived in Amman Jordan as a child. It is an advanced progressive culture. Maybe learn before you generalize.
Ive seen women in the US treated not so pretty either. How about that guy in the Trump cabinet who liked to treat his ladies like punching bags. Not very pretty treatment at all. Or men in power who talk about grabbing women in inappropriate ways. Shocking right?
Beatings are not words
Didn’t get out much in 1998 did you?
You are comparing a dark movie to a black hero in the marvel universe. Literally only Trump voters feel this way
Blade is Marvel.. and a half vampire human who protects humans from vampires.. also, ever seen Hancock?
Blade was a much darker film and it wasn’t a true “hero”. In the vain of a Batman, Superman, Spider-Man etc. Hancock was clearly not black panther. As a black man, black panther is suave, intelligent, wealthy, a king. Very different then someone who is half vampire
You’re arguing black panther is a better movie, that’s fine.

Saying it’s the first black super hero movie is objectively false.
No reply . The tag line for Hancock was “There are Superheroes...and then there is Hancock”. Does that seem like a legit superhero to u??
Again you’re making a subjective argument on what “type” of superhero. And honestly that’s fine
Bruh are you serious. He is an alcoholic anti hero with powers. That is literally the theme of the movie. Black panther is an actual superhero in th e true sense of the word like a captain America etc. the fact that you arguing this is ridiculous
Thanks to @realDonaldTrump for making movies great again. Couldn’t get this done with the Obama’s in Office.
what does that have to do with the movie?
You liberals associate everything bad that happens with Trump. I’m going to start to do the opposite and see how you guys like it.
lol why do you think I'm a liberal? lol
It’s obvious. You say you’re politically independent...lol. That’s an easy way to say I voted for Hillary and she lost, so now I’m independent.
I didn't vote for her and have been vocal about why I don't fan girl her but carry on...
Sure....
This has been the high light of my day, proving you're just a racist... lol
Why do adults obsessed with politics hate everyone who didn't vote for Hillary or doesn't fan girl her?

I don't like Hillary Clinton and to see people spazz out when someone…
Why does an Obama have to make it about race? Why can't it just be a superhero movie? What about White, Asian, Latino and Indian CHILDREN? Do they not MATTER anymore? It's a movie for ALL TO SEE!
She did say of all backgrounds
She's a NO GOOD RACIST!
Poor Luke Cage.
She did say big screen. That means theaters, not netflix.
That’s true.
What do you mean, look like them?
She said what she said.
seriously, did NO ONE watch hancock?

will smith was a great superhero.

and that film had character, unlike anything Disney will ever pump out.
Hancock was more of a deconstruction of superhero movies than an actual superhero movie.
That's not a bad thing, but it's not really the same sort of thing.
Agreed.  We have history that has yet to be told. This film offered a glimpse into the history ...if you paid attention.  This film was not about racism as it was a superhero which happened to be African.
I loved this movie. Race was never even a thoyght until I read Mrs. Obamas post. Why couldn't it just be a good movie? Why did it have to go back to what people look like? Thats my point
April, because you see yourself as a norm.  African Americans do not typically see themselves depicted as "Super Heros" on the big screen. In this case "color" was important. Its a great movie with a predominately AA Cast.....which is/was unheard of.
Is everyone forgetting falcon?
Sidekicks and minor characters unfortunately don't have the same role model impact.
He’s still a superhero regardless of the role, though. People are talking about a comic world that they know nothing of just because they watched one movie.
Except the sidekick vs. main character thing is vitally important when you're talking about impact as a role model. One is a role model of being a minor contribution, the other is a role model of success.
Blade, Black Lightning, Luke Cage, Storm, Spawn, Falcon, War Machine, Cyborg, Johnny Storm, Firestorm, Django, Agent Jay, Hancock, etc. I think representation has been there for a while. How many Native American heroes/superheroes in movies? How many Latinos? Asian?
A total of three of those you listed were main characters in a big screen release.

Also representation isn't a zero-sum game.
So it wasn’t finally, as they already saw heroes that look like them in the big screen: Blade, Storm, Spawn, Django, Agent Jay, Hancock, Akeem, etc.
Bet @wesleysnipes resents this.  
@MichaelJaiWhite Too..
Seriously, did she forget that there are TWO captain America movies with the Falcon?
Seriously, did YOU forget that, prior to BP, our heroes were jive-talking ex-cons (Luke Cage), thieves (Storm, The Prowler), sidekicks (The Falcon, Misty Knight), hoodrats (Black Lightning), antiheroes (Blade) and pimps (Dolemite)?
Luke Cage was a framed cop, so not sure how well ex-con fits.

No mention of Storm’s off-panel backstory is ever mentioned in the movies.

Falcon is not a sidekick in the movies anymore than War Machine is.

Anti-hero is not a bad thing and were especially popular in the 90’s
Um, I'm gonna go with, nah. If you knew your comics history, you would know they retrofitted Luke Cage's origin with the ex cop framed thing.
soo blade never happened?
She said young people. Nobody who was old enough to see Blade in theaters is a young person.
Yeah because its not on dvd/blueray
"On the big screen" means in theaters.

DVD/Blu-ray isn't theaters.

The cultural impact of a major theatrical release movie and the resulting shared experience is fundamentally different from the impact of pulling something up on netflix.
Yeah im pretty sure kids dont care whether or not its comics/ movies etc as long as they are out there and have some1 to look up 2. If u are talkin bout movies in general there are tonnes of mostly black casts. Big budget? Fine but how big a budget doesnt determine how good it is
Also, why are you presenting Blade as a role model? He's kinda not meant to be. He's an anti-hero character. Same with Hancock.

You keep trying to remove already-specified and relevant factors to pretend Black Panther isn't genuinely a big deal for real reasons.
Also, why is it that it took 25 years to get a Black Panther movie when Wesley Snipes was trying to produce and direct one right after Demolition Man, anyway?
What do you mean finally
You did see where she said "young people" right?

Did you forget how long ago Blade 3 was? Nobody old enough to see it in theaters then is a "young person" anymore.
I hear ya. Chadwick was the only "superhero" in the movie tho. She said superheros lol.young people existed when Blade came out
It's tough to say this without spoilers, but virtually the entire core ensemble are superheroes by at least Tony Stark/Hawkeye/Black Widow standards.

Also she's not talking about young people in the abstract, but about actual *current* young people, who were maaaaaybe 5 in 2004
Yea i know dude a whole bunch of heroes yea but gotta have the enhancements to be 'super' ala Cap n Spidey n Blade. Words do matter lol
Yet Batman is arguably the most iconic superhero, period.
He can control bats. Sounds super
With tech. Just like (but simpler than) the tech literally every Wakandan in any fight scene in the movie had and utilized, including the extras.

Just like you do, mr. racist.
Always about color... if white people did this it would be called racist.
Michelle you are indeed an inspiration to young woman.
Why?
You love violence.
Are you the racist man who pretends to be a woman, who married a foreign man that pretended to be American, and then borrowed 2 kids to make you both look stable and family loving?
Kamano mama
Spiderman is a "young" person?
I  all the privileged people wanting to downplay the importance that this movie has for black culture! We need to learn to  trying to justify ourselves to ppl that don’t have our best interest in mind. IJS
You're wearing $350 designer sunglasses in your profile pic and you're bitching about "privileged people" 
Funny REAL AMericans don't see color like you do. We see a Hero. Why is everything to you about RACE?
This movie has had some negative backlash people say they were attacked in the theatre some even used pictures that have nothing to do with them but of course a lot of that was debunked TG.enjoy the movie or don’t bother going if you’d try  to be nasty this movie is a great start
@MichelleObama Black Panther is a superhero movie not a fuckin race movement to promote black lives matter which is way your pointing to and if u wanna go there with the whole Black lives matter let me tell u something and I quote "it's not Black lives matter is All lives matter"
Oh really. If your a a pure a hardcore Democrat like @MichelleObama then is is always gonna deal with black lives matter cause that's the way the democrats think and act
Um ever herd of blade? They tried to make this movie 20 years ago but technology wasn’t there to make what they envisioned.
Amen
Isn't the black panther group racist towards whites?   Seems a bit odd, to talk about David duke,as a racist...which he is,...and not include the black panther group, racist also...
BBB.thggg.       Very bbvvvvvvvvbbbbvvvvvvv.  V.v.   Joining Trx#
It’s on my short list! Can’t wait!
What does this mean? Is this about race or superheroes? WHY are the people that complain about racism all the time, the ones that make everything racist? So disgusting and discouraging. No respect for those that continue to cause divide by making it all about race. Stop it
Well sorry but that's ur issue. Not something any of us have control over. I certainly never considered being upset that I didn't look like super hero Rosa parks but I didn't obsess over it. Never even considered   Again stop making it racist
Yeah its real talent, the real black talent I mean
Love  that movie you have to see it your self
I am not a normal participant in the Twitterverse. But this grabs me. As an educator do you have many times I have to correct the information that is accepted but incorrect in history that show people of color at some sort of deficit or that glorifies colonialism? It connects
They should be looking more locally, and why are we not Platforming STEM since we have such a small footprint in those Area.
Why people want to argue with the feelings black people have is beyond me. A people stripped of their true identity and true history... kept down for centuries. You'd think they'd be happy for us feeling the tiniest bit of joy for something as a whole. But nooo..SMH 
Because EVERYTHING is always blown up. It can’t just be a great movie with great actors for everyone to enjoy. Instead it has to be about race. It is ALWAYS about race.
The only thing that makes this tweet about race is where it speaks concerning the youth of today. And the typical evidence is Blade, Hancock, or the sidekicks currently in the MCU. It's a shame that it is always someone of Caucasian decent that wants to make it about race
So no black people anywhere on Twitter said it's finally time there is a black hero? That this movie shows an all black cast? You haven't been reading much. I thought the movie was good, could have been great if not so politically negative
We have had films concerning Black Heros and Superheros. Not on the scale that Black Panther is regarding the studio behind it, the money Ryan was able to work with, and an all Black cast with not one projecting the usual black stereotypes. But we can't celebrate that, in peace
Nobody cares stop tweeting at me
It’s people like you saying shit like this that’s made the country so divisive and full of hate. #RaceBaiter
Wakanda 4ever. #blackpanther
We’ve had the blue movies also the black superhero’s in iron man(WarMachine) captain America (Falcon) Luke Cage and how many other black hero movies not marvel like the dc or just hero movies so yeah though I loved Black Panther it’s not like we’re finally getting a black hero
Yes they do see color
Sure michelle
Identity politics are cancer.
this is fantasy not reality comic book stuff and fiction, you say weird stuff  michelle
This is great movie I love it I hope they make a part 2
Racist
Ok

The movie was amazing
Wakanda Forever! Now we just need for You and Barack to get your hands on some Vibranium!
I agree Michelle. It’s about time!!!!
It's always about race.
A big booster to Africa's self esteem
Young children don’t see race so it isn’t a factor in being inspired to be heroes. It’s racist adults who label and point out differences. Zorro is a superhero type character created before Superman & became very popular in the 50s. Zorro being Hispanic was not an issue.
Need to see this movie ...
Hi I love you
One take from the  movie, is that each  community is uniquely blessed with a nutural resources, and each community should make the best out of that resources, to impact their community others.
Stop lying Michael
I was already proud to be a strong black woman from the 1st black republic. But this movie makes even prouder of my origin. We are strong. AFRICA for ever.
Yes, but you and your husband made the greater impact first
Yeah they made a big hole to dig the country out of
Blade, Falcon, Luke Cage, Night Nurse...

Sidekick. Not even in the same universe and scale in terms of cultural impact.
Thank you so much to all my friends over here.
I have not seen this movie.
I am trying to see it today.
Thanking you.....once again....My Friends.
Even JESUS....who came for many STARTED at home. And told US to do the same symbolically. Judea, Samaria, and the ends of the earth. Celebrate home and reach out to others. Same even in Hollywood. Others do it all the time. Plus it was profitable for everyone.
Wait, so black people have never been on the big screen?! Way to stir up the race card pot. I just don’t know or understand HOW her silly, terrorist husband was our President for 8 years. He caused so much damage. Praise the Lord he will never be in charge of our country again!
John Stewart, Michael Jordan as the Human Torch, characters in Star Trek, characters in Star Wars, etc etc... what do you mean “finally” stop acting like major black actors didn’t exist until this movie...
Please. You're being obtuse. Whether deliberately or naturally.
President Michelle Obama yeaaaaaaa.
We haven't seen anything yet ! Watch closely . I'm so inspired ! Yea Mon ! Irie ! From Jamaica :) .
#wellsaid #BlackPantherMovie #AfricanAmericanPride
Hmmm, oh well who cares about Blade, Frozone, Green Lantern, Cyborg etc...
If you dont understand why this is so important, think about the representation of seeing PoC as just a support role, token thug, or drug dealer/addict. We love Mr. Jackson as Nick Fury, but like Roady in Iron Man, he's just a way to support the bigger roles with a few lines.
Which also isn't to say that the roles aren't important, but they're still just support roles with little representation.
Black Panther not only brought the representation and empowerment that PoC wanted and deserved, but also gave young girls powerful women to look up to.
... Really?  Because young girls should look up to fictitious movie characters in super hero universes.  They should be looking up to Michelle, Oprah... Tyra Banks. 

Dear lord.
So having fictional role models is a male exclusive right?

Seeing a strong woman in a fictional movie that a young girl might look up to is somehow stupid?

Yet it's not dumb when it's a princess, right?
I’ve already seen Wonder Woman, but thank you 
We miss you queen
Enjoyed the movie, but it still fails to tell the truth about black americans!A bit twisted, as blacks came to the aide of africans and it still does not depict the accomplishments of blacks in america! Many blacks live wonderful lives, two parent homes, highly educated, upper-mc
This was a super hero movie,  not a documentary.  What super hero movie does all that you just mentioned.
Hmmmm
Way to bring race into something to further divide the country. Why not enjoy the move for what it is, entrainment. No wonder Trump won, people are sick of being lectured to...
Still MY FLOTUS
Apparently, certain people can't empathize with people who do not look like them.

Mmmmwahh mmmwahhh mmwahhh!! Love you!! You have changed the face of the world with your kindness. We will NEVER allow this hateful @POTUS  undo what our best President, @POTUS44 & yourself have done for our country. My grandson saw this movie w/his friends & they flipped out! TY!
Well said First Lady. This movie is so inspirational. Just as you and President Obama will always be. #blackpanther
The black community has had many "super heros" in real life like Dr.Ben Carson
I wish you could visit Angola 
I injoyed the movie, waiting for part two 
@lookslikemeUK I think @MichelleObama would really appreciate the great work you have done in the UK. Particularly your representation of #BlackPanther  using LLM talent. Can you post the link here, I hope she sees it 
@ashtynnLea what about Hancock?!?
Well, I do care about you and your.. I'm hurting and disgusted about my finding's. I found out that our father and mother willed myself,sibling's every government on this earth. I was abducted from Africa in the early 50'or before then
I remember when I finally saw a black superhero in Blade. Oh and then I Am Legend, and then Luke Cage, and Black Lightning. I was like, "finally, finally, finally."


You just showed your true colors of how racist you really are
Até pq esse é o primeiro "herói" negro né?
Kkkkk
Finally? Big diss on Storm, among others!
I think you're misunderstanding. What she and others are saying is African Americans are now being represented (not just as tokens and sidekicks) but as main characters in these and other kinds of blockbuster films.
She didn’t say that exactly though, and you can read it different ways, maybe you should send her your last tweet
I'm certain she doesn't need me or anyone else to tell her what she means. If some people take it the wrong way or are somehow put off by it than that's their problem not hers.
I’m not sure why you think Storm was not the most amazing strong powerful super hero that you ever saw, but she was to me not an extraneous side character, not even close.
That 'Storm' movie starring Halle Berry was really good wasn't it? They made so many sequels too. #Sarcasm
Blade got two sequels. Your point doesn't hold water.
And the last of the Blade sequels was in theaters 14 years ago. No current young people saw it in theaters.
Didn't you see Hercules?
be kind to all americans maam
She is kind to all Americans sir
Blade's not a superhero?
Michelle, if you are that race-obsessed, why don't you go find a real black hero....?
And what about us, Indian Americans? We're not gonna have our own superhero?
If you want to see it, you should write it. Make it happen!!
Will do. 
Check out some Bollywood action.  

Step outside your bubble, you might even like it.
morning I need help
Accept the creators of Black Panther are two white guys but okay, nobody recognized these poc hero movies.. I wonder why? Shaft, Steel, Spawn, Blade 1, 2, & 3, Catwoman,  Nick Fury, of Avengers, Falcon of COA, James Rhodes of Ironman, Heimdall of Thor, Bishop of X-Men, Luke cage-
I don't think you think ......once again a false and ridiculous statement about what makes you proud.
Very nice comment,encouraging, thanks.
Hate much???
@AelwynHope  thats a thing
And because of you @micelleobama too; we have more heroes on the street. You started this campaign remember?
What about Cyborg in Justice League?!?!
I hope you realize that this is science fiction movie with FAKE superheroes, you and your husband had a chance like no other to be a real life superheroes but you both screwed it up by racially dividing our country while trying to destroy it, #MAGA
Poor Falcon and Luke Cage... no love shown but you’re still heroes!  @theblackpanther @AnthonyMackie @realmikecolter 
@chadwickboseman
Or Storm from the X-Men?
Didn't make a single dent on a cultural scale.
"young people will finally see superheroes that look like them"? 

What on earth are you talking about. 

 Do you think everyone dwells on skin color like you do?

You mean because of the BS movement that all of this nonsense is permanent? Lol. Sweetheart. Again. Bigots and cheats like you and your type are what keeps America divided. Smart people, black and white and whatever the Fuk colour can see... you will be called out. @larryelder
Yes
a white man is still one of the heroes and his job is to kill black people
#blackpanther The superhero of community organizers and race baiters.
@FederalistPitch
#JusticeForAsifa India
True word. @MichelleObama
Michelle, what do you fear?
Definitely
Yeah.. I feel like even producing my own super hero films now.
Just keepon stirring the racial shit pot, I'm gladyou and your nonamerican husband is out of office. Jut let racism die. #GetALife
wasn't there a anti everything group in the 60's called the Black Panthers
Anti everything? You need to brush up on your history
Dear young people, you want to see the super you? Look at what God says about you in the bible.
God? He's imaginaryand your bible has been rewritten countless times. Its fake.

 Karma is the only truth.
I can't wait to watch black panther
So proud of the example girls and boys of every race will get from this movie.
We need the following Superheros to even the playing field: Asian, Indian, Jewish, Native American, Latino, Arab, Pacific Islander, Muslim, Gay, Transgender, Deaf, Blind, Wheelchair-bound and a Browns fan
Why don't you stick to being a lefty socialist who's husband did absolutely nothing to help the people of America all he did was talk talk talk about nothing
Barf
Michelle your wisdom is greater than your years. Is that why trumps wife tried to steal your words. I loved the movie as well. Many blessings to you and your family always. I loved that you were always true to thy words and never was a fake.
So all blacks look like cats, WTH?
“finally”? Why, anybody would think you’d never watched a single superhero movie in your entire life.
Michelle you can’t win. Liked your tweet; however based on some of the complaints here I would like to add there are not enough Martians represented and too many people from Jupiter. Just saying.....
ouch at @imWilISmith
You and your family have shown them real life heroes. Thank you!

I'm a 72 year old white woman and I went to see it with my daughter, son-in-law and granddaughters and we all loved it too!  Miss you Michelle!
So you forgot about Blade? Who is also an African American Marvel superhero? Wesley Snipes was the shit in those.
One of the Best MCU movie !
Michelle.....Stop with your race remarks already. There was no problem of racial divide before Barry and you came along. I went through the 60's and people did not act like you two do.
I miss you guys. I hope your girls get past the jerks in this country.
if the production companies were black owned, you would've told us that
Positive vibes for young people aspiring to achieve great things. #mentors
