Cute
We miss you so much it hurts...

Wear a robe? Sounds creepy Michael.
It’s a sleepover.  Read more carefully, or you might fail exams
Reading it sounds even creepier!  You missed your exam!
We miss you so much.  We didn't show Barack the support he deserved.  :(  People are more awake now so hopefully we don't make the same mistakes but wow he really deserved better.
I miss them so much and agree, America just wasn't ready for all the love and wisdom and Buddha like speeches. What are we supposed to do now 
Yeah the white back lash has been disheartening.   Sometimes I think the only thing on our side is time: The younger generations are less entitled about race and more progressive.
I don't think they'd allow you to prance around at night with their kids in your jammies, sounds pretty creepy


miss you
Absolutely!

This pic is fierce
ThanksFeel free 2 keep!!!
I just saved it, tx
Of course!!
That was soo nice to go there !
L
Need to get a message to Barack, please report to gitmo!
The pajama party should be fun! Mrs. Obama, you, President Obama, Malia and Sasha are truly missed!!! Thank you all for your intelligence, sophistication, honorable representation of our country and your service!!!! I will love you all forever!!! May God continue to bless you!!!
Such a good mensch
We miss you too soooo much !! 
You are our President
Scandal Free, Real Love and Pure Class!
They are such class.

Michael, you are not the forever first man. Get over yourself. And the sausage you have tucked in.

I honestly think this is my favorite portrait of them. If there’s a better one, I haven’t seen it yet.
Check out the pics of michelle dancing with Ellen! They’re even better.
Don't wake the Fish! #100MenOnMars
You can borrow one of Crooked Hillary’s sacks to wear.
You will never be the forever first lady!! You are a disgusting human being.  Pretty sad that you gave the title to yourself because no one else would!!
I miss you two 
We don’t miss him one bit....
Mrs. Obama, you should run for president! I'd vote for you in a New York minute!
Evil birds flock together
Have fun.

it's not that DT will win re-election (he will, anyway). It's just that you continue losing it with this mental misconception that attracts you to concentrate almost only on beautiful and wealthy personalities, regardless of the 99%. Too bad for the Dems

Hahaha, cut it out. You a mess .................
Michelle, I just can’t tell you how much I miss you, President (I have never referred to Trump as President) Obama, and your lovely girls. We were so lucky having such honorable people in the WH for eight years.

We miss you
Yess we do!!!@
Black twitter everytime Michelle Obama pops up on the timeline 

(Song credit: “Supervision” by iamEROC....Here’s the Apple Music link to the full song https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/supervision/1342286693?i=1342286845 …
White twitter too  I may not have the dance moves of the people in the video, but everytime I see Michele Obama, I start doing my happy dance.
Love!!! This!!
Just in case you want to see how bad my dancing really is, here ya go. I have obviously not been blessed with agility and coordination!
You fit in well with the royals. Both families have way too much money for doing absolutely nothing. Congrats, you leach.
OMG. We miss your beautiful family so much
so disappointed that, while most are barely surviving and living pay check to pay check, you go on national TV to brag about your daughter's suite & focus on royalty.  Why don't you Jimmy Carter's work and help Bernie Sanders make change for working people.  Please.  :(
join with Jimmy Carter's work.  He is a former president I admire for his focus on helping the poor.
Ooo so nice you are with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.  You plan to pajama party  at Kensington palace.  How a nice ! You have only this world to fun. You will go in to hell at the other world. That's why you have done very bad deeds here. Many person cries while you get fun
Always weating her robe.. I'm sure she's killing it
The whole family is stunning!
Damn, must be cool to visit royalty 

Not all babies life matter
Mmhmmuuj
RUN little boy, the pedos are comin for ya.....
Probably not a good idea for you to be prancing around half nude in front of children, especially with all of the child sex trafficking charges that are about to come crashing down on the Satanic Cult you are part of.
Just sayin'
Ain’t never gonna happen beeacchhh.
I miss you both being sane leaders we could look up to — Please storm the White House & lead us out of these horrible times. 
Are you and @BarackObama congratulating UK for the death of Alfie Evans too?  

Thats what Obamacare Socialized medicine would have brought to the USA.  

Shame on you both and the U.K.!

Thank you @realDonaldTrump !
I miss the Obamas
Absolutely darling 
Sometimes I look at your family and cry. I miss you all as if you were my family moved away. My mom passed away just before our current president, so happy she left with the greatest memory of the White House.
old news
Such a loving photo.
U really should run for president in 2020 if not for u but 4 us as a people  u will win
Waste of Time
That is an awesome photo.  Thank you so much for sharing with us.  Barack was a great president and wonderful representative of this country.
Adorable

Xoxo
Michelle count me in but You  better wear that bathrobe I bought you last year lol
OMG. PLEASE DONT!

The Queen hates you!
I miss these two
Pathetic
I wish i could go with you.
You and President Obama must have felt honored to be invited into Prince George’s bedroom to meet him. I am sure the Duke and Duchess reserve a meeting such as this for people they think very highly of.
Miss you both. Blessings to you all.
Love you mama. Sending hugs from Nigeria.
Absolutely love this photo!
No one cares about what thrills you Mister Manshell.
You guys are the Best..America will forever Love you...The Obamas 
Esse George!
Everytime they tweet my eyes water. It’s somehow comforting. My hearts breaks for our country right now. We just have to be strong. #mypresidentuntilfurthernoticebarack
Do you know how much I love and miss you. The country wasn't in total turmoil in your administration. If Trump congratulated the Royals about the new Royal it was just because they told him he should not because it came from his heart because he has none.
Lol
The greatest American President in the history of The United States of America! #MAGA 
We thank God everyday that Donald J Trump saved our country!
GDP 2.3%
Prince George will have all the ladies after him.
Not creepy at all.

You aren't getting invited to the wedding. 

Take it like a man and move on
Please come back!
WE MISS U!
Creepiest tweet ever!
No thanks??  But @POTUS and @FLOTUS would be way cool!!!  AMERICA!

Can you take an old War Vet with you aka me!? 
YOU'RE NOT INVITED TO THE WEDDING! Get over it ALREADY!!! Stop stalking the Royal Family. They already told you that YOU are NOT invited to the wedding, and most certainly NOT invited for a freakin sleepover in your robe! Are you crazy or something?!? What is the matter with you?
Awesome! A glimpse of an honorable & REAL  President & his wife!! You ROCK Michelle!!!
We know who our queen is.....
That sounds wonderful. Please pray they don't name that baby Albert.
Cool
Lol.  T can't say the same!
INDEED
Ahh...I had forgotten that happiness and joy and fresh babies and kind sentiments were still a thing. It's so nice to see this lovely sentiment from such a lovely, gracious First Lady. I really needed it today. All the Trump garbage and grossness is just too overwhelming.
Mrs. Obama, we miss you. A fan from Sri Lanka.
Hate on My President Barack Obama, all you want. He is still a gentleman and a leader
Why did you had to leave 
I MISS BRONCO BAMA!!!!
We don’t deserve Michelle Obama
And your muslem garb
This tweet changed my life
mom & dad, wholesome as always
I'm not going to hate on a kid... however HOW TYPICALLY POSH CAN YOU LOOK 
Any comment on baby Alfie?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
We love you Michelle!
I got to thinking, Michelle talked about being the good parent and Trump being the bad one. I have to honestly say Trump kids never smoked dope publicly and helped contribute tons of garbage at a environment protest. Puff puff and destroy, 
just like daddy Some parent they are
It's pyjama...proper English...
Yeah while another baby is laying in a hospitsl dying! What say you there Michael? I think it shamfull there parades for babies to elites but let the commoners baby dye of starvation right in the hospital!
ANDREW LEIGH IS THE NEXT AUSTRALIA PM......Just saying....
congratulations :D
I am iranian.I love you and your father...barak obama
Dear First Lady this is my baby girl who will be graduating high school at the age of 15 with a 3.82 GPA, she would like to be a forensic chemist.
Dear First Lady this is my baby girl who will be graduating high school at the age of 15 with a 3.82 GPA, she would like to be a forensic chemist.
Great picture
This is probably the sweetest welcome to l'll prince!  you are just lovely!
Can you not get in touch with the queen and tell her alfie evans aldo matters. The queen is the only one who can overturn the high courtd decision. Our country wont help get him to italy...

He is still my President.
Umm also. Can you do a few $40  events?  I am a Retired Single Mom on a hella tight budget, But inside is still a kid that wants to meet the Obamas' too. You could fill stadium after stadium. Please?
Listen. Woman to Woman. Can we persuade you to run? Love n much Kisses, the World
Beautifully done...miss you guys!
Ah, you are such a genuine class act!!!
I miss you so much!
Dear god, don't was ALL....
Miss Michelle.
Miss Barack.
And instead of the missing of them easing, it's only intensifying for me.
tell me who your friends are and i tell you who you are.... a picture speaks a billion words
I like
First Class all the way!!
No one cares what you will wear @MichelleObama.  You are no longer first lady, so go quietly into the night...vs. something that looks like a state visit.
Oh how we miss you!!
Miss you both!!!! 
Clintons Legacy, will be that she masterminded the total corruption of the DNC, via the FISA abuses...What a NATIONAL DISGRACE she WILL be seen as by future generations!  And you say no SCANDALS UNDER YOUR ADMIN?  LMFAO
But Winnie Madikizela Mandela died & you & Barack did not have the courtesy or common human decency to even tweet a condolence message! Abeg go and sit down! Let me hear any African glorifying u ppl like they used to. They must leave d foolishness to African Americans!
You wont be able to hide from Obamagate!
https://rover.ebay.com/rover/0/0/0?mpre=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebay.com%2Fulk%2Fitm%2F302715230316 …
Pajama party with children doesn’t sound innocent considering we know all about #pizzagate and #spiritcooking and #pedogate #ThesePeopleAreSick
@MichelleObama 
Please give my son hope I cry everyday because I have tried effortlessly to raise awareness about hiatham

He is fighting for his life and will be the first to resolve a promising gene Therpy 

Please help spread awarness and please share
Mam first lady mam left message Langley bureau dc and foundation I have a emergency situation harassment work place I'm gonna need a phone call made please Mitch Grossman kennlyn Charles
Don’t forget the !
My goodness My Lady. You are so Civil! Love you!!!
Such A Lady...Yes she is
Keep your clothes on Michelle.  You and your husband Stay away from other people’s children.  We know what you are.
I am sure you will still be the best dressed in the whole room!
I remember this
We miss you President Obama .  I hope you and your beautiful wife @MichelleObama are having a blast after 8 wonderful years in the White House.  @billmaher @BillClinton @realDonaldTrump @VP @SpeakerRyan @ananavarro @CNNPolitics @cameron_kasky
@MichelleObama has enough experience working in hospital administration to be an excellent VA head, doesn't she?? 
#TwitterTrollTrump should
 have at least one capable, sane person in that swamp of a Cabinet!
America misses you!
Bet you would have a blast!
You two are good people. Have fun at the royal wedding!!
I miss you something awful in the Whitehouse !!!
Please address the #alfieevans case. You are our Diana!
Excellent
you know - plutarch has stories like this about a young alexander.
the gospels do the same with a young jesus impressing adults with his abilities.
Persian king Cyrus's origin story as well.

it is an interesting series of photos of a future king holding court.
#SaveAlfieEvans in UK
As long as president Obama doesn't try and carry on with the Duchess everything should be ok..
Can i come?
At least they’re a genuine couple. Not a couple who are a “brand”.
How could the whole country not just adore him?
You’re a beautiful woman with so much class and Intelligence. I miss you in the White House
sounds like a flakey do
Truly a joyous moment between everyone caught in that picture .
Congratulations!!
God I miss the Obamas
Your desperation is hilarious.
We miss you two. So very much.
I hope y'all will be coming back out to Palm Springs soon we miss you and it's getting HOT now over 100
I just want to tell you that y'all were the bast and still are.
You are the bomb!
Hi mam
It is so wonderful to have you and Barack tweeting.  I miss you terribly, and prayf that you are having a peaceful rest.  I will tell you that I wish your husband could have run for a third time.  This President is just not for the people who are struggling. You both are!

ILLEGAL ACTIVITY
@TheJusticeDept @FBI
@HillaryClinton
Robert Mueller
…
@MichelleObama can still be president one day though, right??
Congratulations.
Such a cute photo!!
Please do
congrats
IAVA passbooks obsidian wmgeonwvp
I love this pic. Thank you @BarackObama
Respect
I love that everybody kneels to get to the little boy's height. Can you imagine Trump do this?
I bet Obama loved hanging out with little boys.
Why?
Great photo.  Prince George looks very cute. Have a lovely pyjama party if the Cambridges accept your invitation.
Humor with Class.
Barrack has his own pj party
