Do you empower girls by teaching them the way muslim women are suppose to act????? That's not empowering girls, that's enslaving them. Of course, Democrats know all about slavery.
WOMAN NOT MEN. #WE THE PPL ARE AWAKE
Hi dear mis Obama..
Why you dont speak about other unhappy womans sads  in all of the world specialy in middle east..
As a leader wife  ?..
Regards
عبودي 
Deadliest weapon that despots around the world have is denying education. This is important vital work.
Always and forever MY FIRST LADY I miss the class you gave..
#Looking good!
But you're a dude! You have a bulge for cryin out loud
I think you should renew your attorney license!
Hmmm... Are you truly empowering women of ALL races...Don’t think so.....
Pig! Hope you suffer 7 times what you and your lying partner in crime sis to so many innocent people !
Madam #Kathua please say something our leaders are silent
Before Trump became president I always admired his children... no children are perfect, but Trumps children are definitely a class act... 
Linda 
You almost look female in this shot!
RIGHT ON -
Not empowering. So sick to watch y’all. Lie manipulate the world.  So fake. Your husband is the worst lying Pres w more scandals than Bill !!!  Wats that say???  You should take fake kids and marriage and go away!!! Save your face before all this goes crashing down!!
And yet you voted for trump..
If you work to empower girls around the world, you are excluding boys.  Isn't that discrimination?
How can a man like Moose/Michael know what women’s problems/issues are about 
EXACTLY- #WE THE PPL ARE AWAKE
Michelle Obama said her husband was ‘the good parent compared to Trump’! Are you kidding me.. President Trump‘s children are smart classy & successful. Obamas daughter runs around half naked..smokes dope & gets drunk..is trash. Who’s the better parent!
There's 1 problem Michael..your not a woman.
BINGO-
Beach, while you do this who will promote the interest of the young men and boys of this country. They are ignored and falling behind in every aspect of American life
She just didn't have the best role models for her girls. But hey Beyonce is now someone to aspire to .
#JusticeForAsifa India
Still my First Lady. 
Actually she's not
Your daughters smoke weed , sooo classy
The #Democrat catastrophe in a nutshell: “Barack Obama was the ‘good parent.’” Government isn’t our parent. It is a service entity to better the lives of its masters, the People of the United States. Your husband worked for us & we spoke he is out enough!
Thank goodness!
DAMN RIGHT. RIGHT ON !
You are beautiful inside and out!
I’m so tired of this “empowerment” fraud — what does that even mean? empowered like your role model @beyonce and her filthy stage acts? her, her derelict husband have objectified & degraded females in most sickening ways, as they raked in a fortune #TendToYourOwn
YOUR A MAN .SMH
#Mouth
What kind of person are you to criticize the PRESIDENT? That’s beyond tacky.
We see your daughter was empowered to smoke dope! Who was the good parent that taught her that?
Shaved her legs then he was a she
C’mon Chewbacca. Nobody cares what’s on your Wookie mind.
Michelle, remember when you and Barack ran the country for 8 years and did nothing to improve the education of the black and Hispanic kids trapped in failing schools? All 2 please your favorite group, the teacher's union. Were your girls educated in public school? Didn't think so
You. Have. A penis.
You're full of sh*t lady!!  !
So fake
Really- Does this look like you support women?
Michelle Obama: ‘Any woman who voted against Hillary Clinton voted against their own voice’
Nice going.
Really- Does this look like you support women?
Michelle Obama: ‘Any woman who voted against Hillary Clinton voted against their own voice’
Nice going very hypocritcal.
What have u done as a woman expect being a puppet for ur hubby
Spot on!
You are as corrupt as hillary clinton
Eat your carrots? Did you get an education at all?
Only if their black
Yet you denigrate them because they chose not to vote for a corrupt lying woman! No we didn’t vote for Trump because it would be fun we voted for him because of the clinton obama lying cheating corrup cartel

Worst fraud ever done to this country. https://twitter.com/lynne_kozak/status/982345249010876416 …
Your husband wasn't the good parent Michelle, he set race relations in America back 50 years..MAGA...
Never a word against Islam
You remain world's most inspiring woman the world have ever had.  You never allowed ur position  to conflict with your morals.  Thank you.
Michelle neither you nor Melania signed to become political wives. I am so tired of seeing the cyber bullying against you vs Melania. I would hope as a brilliant woman you would defend Melania as she speaks 5 languages and like you is a hands on Mom.
From Old white lady ...loooooove you Michelle !!!
Please take the time to help a family in need or repost.
Is his first name Barack? Asking for a friend.
Why do you find my families tragedy funny? Where is your sense of humanity?
I imagine if you keep telling women how suppress they are you may succeed and suppressing them. There's no monster under the bed! Please this is nauseating
More pictures please. :)
O foundation... just like Clinton foundation... where illegal money is funneled to hide and enrich the namesakes. #Crimesoflibtardelites
Love too much! Porque? Mas qui mas

FUND RAISING...... OUR ORG. (SAVEANDCARE ORG) WITH THE SUPPORT OF WOMEN SUPPORT INITIATIVE ORG. AND HOME FOR ORPHANAGE ARE RAISING FUNDS FOR WIDOWS AND ORPHANS AFFECTED…
Beautiful!! 
have several seats take your book deal money and go help those girls in chicago.
PLEASE HELP I
Good to see people getting together helping each other                Just Lovely
LOVE TO MEET YA                   Just Lovely
Happy  Birthday  Michelle Obama! Enjoy & 
Michael
Will you consider relocating to another part of the world............please
You are not a world leader Michelle. How about just empowering children in the US, but not any illegals.
MICHELLE OBAMA'S LEGACY WHILE BRAINWASHING YOU WITH HEALTHY EATING AND LET'S MOVE!!
Nice
So nice
So cool to see all the work that you're doing @MichelleObama ! I recently wrote an article about this and @BarackObama 's visit to NZ. Would love your thoughts: http://ow.ly/hwbt30j8fKU 
you still trying to be relevant
I just love u mum
merci pour l'initiative et le devouement
Optimistic MPMPHD1 This is a good thing!
You look so pretty in this picture Michelle I like your hair
When you're more of a #flotus than @FLOTUS .
Obama Foundation is a money laundering scam
Iraqi women need your help, not taxpayers money
Two men in the WH

You named & shamed Hilary Clinton for her husbands actions when your husband stood for elections. Now you talk of 'Girl Power', SHAME ON YOU! Is everything just an ACT for you?
Diane gaidry of new york is an amazing lady she need help with funding for her2-posative breast cancer people can go to her Facebook funding page to donate whatever you can to help towards her treatment every little helps towards saving this beautiful women

AND DOES NOTHING ABOUT EDUCATION!!

#TheStormIsHere WAKE UP AMERICA TIME YOU SEE THE #TRUTH #PIZZAGATE IS REAL!!!! MUST WATCH!!!! EXECUTIVE ORDERS MILITARY TRIBUNALS FOR #PEDOGATE https://youtu.be/QtTRK2Ircvc 
Those foundations sure are profitable. Obama family still living on somebody else's dime.
I think ur the best encouragement that we have ever had thanks for your time and follow me
Hey Michelle! I hope you are happy and can get some sleep now that you don’t live in the White House. Remember that you stated you couldn’t sleep knowing the White House was built with slaves ?(hypocrisy) How about those 50 servanants you also had at cost of our taxes? HYPROCRAT!
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1k-uDs3RRfsP5w8EWnNwdMZe0yBFzcNfT3sG8sY4Yqcc/edit?usp=drivesdk …
@MichelleObama please help me get justice for a woman whose voice is trying to be silenced but refuses to be. @Sophia_Stewart  is the write of a book/script called the Third Eye. This book/script would produce the Terminator&The Matrix
A whose who in HOLLYWOOD would steal her work and take credit for her work while spending over $500+MILLION to keep her story out of mainstream media. The above document Then A.G. Eric Holder had, prepared by a J.A.G. OFFICER NEVER saw light. NO ONE was ever brought to justice.
I am asking for yours and the Presidents help in getting justice for @Sophia_Stewart. No one is interested in what's right. Only in what's wrong. Please help me bring this story to everyone's attention. # ME TOO # TIMES UP is a lie if NO ONE WILL ADDRESS THIS!!!
虽然川普的爸爸最后气得吐血死了，但“叔叔”大义凛然、急公好义的高大形象就深深的树立在了川普的心中！他在日记本上记着每一句“叔叔”说的话。有一大帮人羡慕川普有那么一个“好叔叔”的川粉，每天川普川普叫个没完，以此憧憬自己某天家里也来一位这样的“叔叔”。
而川普就屁颠屁颠的去捡起那点赏钱，顺便会帮叔叔添干净鞋子。虽然川普的爸爸最后气得吐血死了，但“叔叔”大义凛然、急公好义的高大形象就深深的树立在了川普的心中！他在日记本上记着每一句“叔叔”说的话。有一大帮人羡慕川普有那么一个“好叔叔”的川粉，每天川普川普叫个没完，以此憧憬自己某天家里也来
川普小时候家里很穷，每当家里支撑不住的时候，他妈妈就会带回来一个特殊的叔叔，每次他爸爸必然自觉出门回避！因为只有一张床，“怪叔叔”要川普趴在自己背上，看着他把他妈妈得打倒万恶贡铲裆“咿咿呀呀……啊啊……”。完事后，怪叔叔会扔下一点钱作为打赏，而川普就屁颠屁颠的去捡起那点赏钱，顺便会帮

Have you known and tried  British diet
I was thinking  we have a lot of   Food stock  and all                organic good foods who             
 gonna eat all of those and when we will consume it all
If everyone will eat a  of cereal
Just to show their on fitness lifestyle
I guess it's the best job                     
 for food and drugs authority
like Russia I watch one of their channel and they are studying the content  fact of the food in the grocery
Their showing their support for the good food that they seen in the grocery store
If they found bad for health ingredients they ban the production distribution and they                    giving them a chance to fix their ingredients
عفرین آسمان است، سقوط نمیکند
#BreakSilenceOnAfrin
#BreakSilenceOnAfrin
And I love you Michelle Obama president 2020
Found this pic of my 10-year old granddaughter I took on that remarkable, historical day.   We miss you both.

Our First Lady Melania is more preferred.
2020 @michelleObam
#Erdogan_massacre_Afrin
#StopAfrinGenocide
#TurkeyIsnotSafeIfAfarinIsOccupied
#NoToOccupyAfrin
#TerroristErdogan

TELL ME HOW MUCH CAN YOU SEE MY LETTERS AND NOT TELL ME THAT WE CAME FROM SEOUL?
AM SO LOST IN THE SEA OF GREAT PASSION FOR YOU AND YOUR HUSBAND. BUT I DIDN'T GET RETURNS IN PURE HANDS OF IYO.
The world is as you make it: beautiful or ugly. 
New scholarship and financial-aid opportunities.  
https://www.naasscholarships.com/scholarship-reviews/ …
True Michelle Obama!

Out of official office but you're still 1st Lady!!!!!
#educatedgirlsrock
Thank you for all you do !

Les sourires d'une Reine ! !!! J' t'aime la grande Dame africaine ! !! Noir est fière
You’re beautiful inside and out, @MichelleObama! Thank you for being an amazing, genuine, graceful, strong roll model for women and girls all over the World. 
You may get tired of hearing it, but I miss you and President Obama so very much
Mrs. First Lady, I'd love to send you a copy of my latest book, "Awakening The Trinity". It's a collection of poems that I just know you will be thrilled to read. May I send you a copy? Please feel free to inbox me
I wish you were the President of my poor country, Nigeria where girls north of the country are consumed in huge numbers, maybe because they have shown interest to acquire education. Worse of it, the government has maintained a lukewarm attitude towards this sad development!
Do it again- anywhere anytime
Its my pleasure to introduce myself to such a loving mother,a pillar of inspiration and a shoulder at which all ladies are leaning on .I am Mangena Busani from Zimbabwe aged 21.I am looking for financial assistance in reviving my small shoe company to secure money for my studies.
.
@Soulcentralmag @splcenter @chatsouthfl @MediaAfricaTV @BryanDawsonUSA @SDMagazine @NDGEditor @AP @UPI @usblm
