There’s Zaniya, who won our #BetterMakeRoom essay contest and got to be on the cover of @Seventeen with me in 2016. Now, she’s a sophomore at George Washington University and started her own campaign to empower young women.  http://bit.ly/2DVQMB4 
There's Rachel, who I first met in 2014. She is proof that your past doesn't have to dictate your future. She'll be graduating in May from the University of Washington in Seattle! https://medium.com/@BetterMakeRoom/adversities-come-and-go-i-am-here-to-stay-1ee2db417257 …
There's Verlando, a first-generation college graduate who is now giving back to his community in Baltimore. https://www.forbes.com/sites/civicnation/2017/12/20/first-semester-reflections-from-a-first-generation-college-graduate/#24ce5d0c7169 …
We certainly miss you're warmth and morals, values , integrity and classiness.
First Class!  Strong, articulate, intelligent and beautiful
OH how I miss the Obamas. Beautiful, graceful, brilliant, caring, human.
I miss them big time especially when I think of the garbage that now stinks up the WH.
Exactly. We went from the SUBLIME to the ridiculous. Horrifying.
Kind hearted woman
I'm in awe of the nasty food you tried to stuff down their throats!
To bad you only care about black children and not all children
Class
Just Lovely
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/canbangladesh-turn-their-form-around.html …


One of my favorite joys was seeing you lose!!!
#Melania: vuck off its diamond eating day 

#FLOTUS
You're a sincere and beautiful warm hearted lady.
Admirable Woman ,! Michelle Obama!
FIRST LADY- I am a USMC Combat Veteran, Kuwait, and Iraq, 8 years honourable service. I met you at the Claremont Hotel in Berkeley, CA, and I WILL NEVER FORGET THE HONOUR & EXCITEMENT OF THAT DAY, at the brunch hosted by Alice Waters.
You & the President are always in my 

You mean First Transvestite. Right?
First Lady you wore your Title well and still do.
And you smile also.
Congratulations!!
Please help me make schools safer with my device
Good
You seem to be jammin here what was going on? You always kept it real that's why we love you and your husband and daughters. Omg I miss you all.
Greetings to my First Lady! I’m so glad to see your support for young people! I am a 42 year old Navy vet who took up painting to combat anxiety about a year ago. I hope you enjoy me interpretation of your family!
Beautiful soul
Michelle you are an amazing woman you give strength and courage to a lot of women thank you for being such a class act
WOW, what a difference with the current First Lady...
She looks like everyone's lady and poses like a damn 007 agent
Thank you for being such an incredible role model for our daughters. To see someonevwho looks like themselves do amazing things is the best thing that they can emulate. Thank you again!
How did it compare to meeting Israel foreign dignitaries?
Where are all the white kids youve met with? Just curious.
Missing the Obama’s in the White House. What class you brought with you. Never will be the same.

I miss the Obama's so much in the white house 
The new First Lady (who ever has that title either Mrs Trump or the daughter) could learn a lot from @MichelleObama  - you just keep inspiring young people & long may it continue.
You are awesome, many of us miss you and President Obama everyday! 
Miss you and your family. You brought so much CLASS to the White House.
Former First Lady.......
First Man
I miss u
Love to you, Barack and the girls. Thank you for being an inspirational and positive force in so many lives.
Mambo Michelle
We miss you!!!!

@MichelleObama
KO KO
Plsss "Jack come back!"  Gosh we miss u Michelle!
I'm sure the love you spreaded made a huge difference in others lives.  God bless you @MichelleObama   You will FOREVER be our First Lady.  Love you much
This U.S. Marine spouse and mom salutes you!!!! #goals
Hey racist Michelle obama,where the white ppl; @?
No you went out and oic a student who was already doing well without you you should have been where givernmebyvwas needed
You should have done more and fight against drugs coming in the country. U 2 simply didn’t care about the affected ones you went out and picked the good ones that’s easy. You should show families destroyed by your free drugs in this country and work to stop it
Thank you #FirstLadyMichelleObama for everything you've done for our country.  #WeLoveYou
What a kind and gentle lady. Bring back the Obama’s
Dems play down DNC oppisition research was source that an Obama apptd judge used2 issue FISA stating other overwhelming "opinions" did2. Hmm
Amazing moment! Thank you for sharing 
Many of us appreciated the caring you and Back shared.
Miss you so much!
We sure could use your help in Ohio to amend HB70.  I'm a school board member in Warrensville Heights Ohio. Congressman Marcia Fudge's District! We have great students and need to avoid a state takeover of our district. Can we talk?
Anyone have an extra ticket to see her in @Montreal ? The one lady I'd love to meet in person!
Do us all a favor and lock yourself up.
You are so inspiring to young & older alike
Current First wife enjoys staying the hell away from them  We miss you our first “Lady”. You have inspired so many
Think u were an awesome Flotus . Miss u & your man more than you’ll ever know
I've always admire you. I am back to the books to enhance my career. This will give me the potential to become a Judge some day.
nice love her
I miss you. #IrreplaceableYou
Colin Kaepernick  had every right to kneel for social justice! How dare the NFL blackball him !!
They obviously didnt,  they let all the other players kneel..he just sucked as a football player 
We love you & miss you
One of my greatest joys was waking up knowing that GOD, U and BARACK OBAMA,  was the captain of our ship. Man has 2 parts of that peace dwindled. My joy now is to know that God is still in control,  even if there is a blooming idiot and dodo sit where u guys once sat. U
First lady Michelle Obama you are a true inspiration

And you don't give that "First Lady" hug. You give that hug "Proud Moma" gives. #MYFIRSTLADY!, # ILOVE THE OBAMAS
That's madam obama
I am one of the Dean of Students at BRICK Peshine in Newark, NJ. We were recognized as being ranked #2 in scores beating out all the other schools in Newark, including charter schools!  It is an honor to give you this information due to your dedication to education. We love you!
SAUDADES !
You’re a man!
You're still the First Lady because you're still doing for this country.
I wish you knew just how much we miss you and your incredible family in the White House. Thank you for continuing to be a source of strength and positivity for our nation. We need you now more than ever. #bestFLOTUSever
Keeping moving Mrs Obama
Miss you in WH Michelle! Your an Inspiration and have are a heartfelt kind lady  Strong Respectful and Carinf. Thank You for Being You
Just wanted to take the time to say that yourself and your husband are sorely missed and this is coming from north of the border here in Canada where manners and speaking with eligance and grace is still respected it was nice to see a couple with class lead a nation
Give kids A Smile. March 9
Lets go Michelle you can still attend.  Bctadle of Aviation museum. 1500 underserved@children. We need you
Please run for President
great

Thanks for the motivation. One day I dream of having a organization and business that focuses on these types of issues. Thank you God bless
You are truly the finest First Lady & human being & we are blessed to have you in our lives!
good one her excellency
Love you  and of course you know already; SOOOOO MISSSSS YOOUUUUU 
Dope
Good to do that. Talk to these young ladies.
Many obstacles $$$
We miss you so much
good job
tru dat Mrs. Obama! My dad (may he RIP) was in love with you! #ReachHigher
You are one in a million! I miss your smiling face...
We miss you.....
@MichelleObama
get my challenge
plz click here
http://gotclicks2.com/3WgcqPDTd 
Yes and to me you're still our First Lady...you left big shoes to fill and I'm so glad they were a pair of ours!
hello Michelle how are you, I'm looking for scholarship, I need to study master but I don't have enough money to study please will you sponsor my further education, my name Mose Mangi, email mosemangi@gmail.com, mosemangi@yahoo.com.
After Obama
As possible we must have the safety  in the all areas wold.  And Jerusalem  is a capital of ......as Excellent Tramp.
Please Michelle make a tour to Africa especially in our little country the Kingdom of Lesotho i want to meet you your my role model even before you enter the title of first lady i love you good both you and yr husband.
Mrs Obama, you should be president of America when Trump is done
@MichelleObama you are a class act and the ultimate 1st lady. You and Obama made America cool again, showcasing intelligence, wit, expertise, ability, thoughtfulness and results. And hope, beyond the borders of USA. Sad your legacy has to be followed by the exact opposite.
I miss you!
You are absolutely amazing.
Lost my home in irma jobless can't afford rent live in sint.maarten but I don't stop I keep trying I wish I was strong like you
I LOVE HER FOR NEXT USA PRESIDENT HERE OK!!!!
God bless the works of your hands
Lovely!
Thank you ma for showing them love, helping them build their self-esteem and leaving them with sweet memories. I know what hugs do for me.
Greenblatt adopt you Jenna
Spoken like a true First Lady.
Thank you. Again and again.
We miss you @MichelleObama.  Bless you for all that you do.
Subscribe
Remember this dear Michelle?

I miss having you both in office. Selfish of me I know.
Thanks Michelle. You and Barack are great. Trump is horrible. Education is very important. Thanks for your great service to our country.
Come back
We love you guys so much
How can I be a part of your organization of helping students?
The greatest #mompreneur of them all 
I hear you and in flows the calm, a smile, a very special friend. Please share much more and your husband too. It gives such joy for so many. 
Hii
Thank you FLOTUS @MichelleObama 4ur service u make us proud ur an inspiration 2us all .God bless you & ur beautiful family .#LovetheObamas #MichelleObama
Beautiful
Miss you everyday! You were an inspiration to so many. Hopefully you can continue the much needed help with children.
You absolutely are an incredible person Michelle Obama. 
De Perú:saludos preciosa siempre me acuerdo de FM amiga .
Lima Comas .
Great
Miss ya queen #MichelleObama
ありがとうございます。ミッシェル婦人に幸せを祈ります。
Miss you Michelle. 
America misses you!
Love and miss you and your family. Thank you for all your good deeds. 
#Michelle2020 @MichelleObama
The best first Lady ever.  God bless you.
That so great to know that you are getting the best education possible we miss u first lady
Thank you, for everything, you and your husband were, and remain, such figures of grace, balance, inspiration and compassion. I am so lucky to have experienced your husband's time in office. Be well and peace to both of you.
This is a First Lady we can be proud of.
Your alright. Husband is suspect tho
Ma'am, come back and save this country like ...
She’s a classy women!
You are such an inspiration
It's easier with strong mentors around you. Well done, Mrs. Obama.
I wish I could meet you.... http://Gititchic.com  just know you are so loved and you represented us well and yes I love your husband because how he loves you.... and his family... please beg him to come back
You are a beautiful family miss you so much
Thank you for all you’ve done and are still doing. We  you!
We miss you and we need you 
Miss you 
Good Look
We miss you
We miss you all badly
You are greatly missed!
We miss you in the White House, Mrs. Obama.  Thank you for your service!
I love you! Miss you everyday in the white house #MichelleObama #Michelle2020

Proud to have you as my first lady. Appreciate your path of service more than you know.
Michelle Obama’s is so beautiful in heart and in mind she was the greatest First Lady we will never forget her or the 1st family
Truly the best!FLOTUS FOREVER
#LETSGIRLLEARN SHOULD HAVE NEVER BEEN DEFUNDED!
Thank you First Lady Michelle Obama! My daughter looks up to you! You are truly an inspiration! We love and miss you! You will go down in history as not only the First African American First Lady but the best FLOTUS ever! We were blessed to have you! Continue working us!
One thing I was always in awe of was your genuine care and concern for people.  You can't fake hugs like that! You're the G.O.A.T.! We miss your grace terribly!
We were so fortunate for the values you set for our country:  strength, intelligence, compassion and family   #MissYou
It's all about "you",
Ur life,
Ur dreams,
Ur shoe,
So make it unique just like you.
-NZ( footwear designer).
Your words touched my heart today. Thank you for reminding me to be gentle with my children and even the child within me.
Can’t picture Melania hugging a child like this. I miss you, Michelle!
Wow ur Massage just touched Me
