Is there a recipe for something that will shed America of 289lbs within a few months?
We all know Trump weight more then 289lb.
i love everyone here so much 
Congrats For New Book,
& You Are Vry Lucky Because You Have Best Husband in this whole world
And he has the best wife! Malia and Sasha have the best parents! The whole family is blessed Bo and Sunny included!
Can’t forget Bo and Sonny
#45 doesn't even have a pet, and thinks that people who do, are "yokels"
45 is a douchetard. We are doomed!
He really is so disagreeable, on every level There are a lot of good folks fighting, in politics, & everyday citizens... keep hope alive
Michelle, could you PLEASE run for President? We need the two of you back in the White House!
I second that emotion!
If you like him... me too my forever first lady... 

We need you back. We miss you SO much
We miss you and your husband’s class and grace!!
Thank you for all you’ve done.
I love, love, love you ma’am!
Queen miss you
Also, can we talk about how SMOKING HOT he is? I don't cook but I'm buying a copy for the cover photo alone. <3
Healthy eating is a good thing.
We love you!
Meanwhile, at the whitehouse now:
I know the “now” in the caption is redundant. That is intentional.
Now on my list, always nice to get a recommendation from someone you trust.
I loved your platform with healthy eating and exercising. As an elementary teacher it makes me sad to see what kids are/aren't eating. So much processed food and empty calories have a huge impact on learning and well being.
im too broke to buy another pack of printer paper much less a book but my chubby self still loves you #queen
Only because you recommend I'll be trying some of the recipes. Thank you, as long as I can avoid the Buttermilk Biscuit Crumbles


My Forever FLOTUS!!!!
Miss you Mrs. Obama.  And we also miss @BarackObama.
Love you Michelle 
We miss you!!

Wonderful
I bought a copy yesterday and can't wait to get home this evening to start reading it. And of course trying the recipes.
Miss you, Michi.
Run for office.
Coming from the next POTUS this is great. 
You're m'y queen M.O
So nice to hear positivity. Please come back!
Thank you so much! My family will find it this weekend. We miss you both.
Vegan diet here,but I welcome any chef that is teaching people to adopt a healthy diet.Let's say goodbye to diabetes and obesity! 
Please return to the White House immediately. There has been a terrible mistake.
You are all sorely missed. NY Times article this week sooo inspiring re work being done. Thank you!
Awesome, can't wait to try some recipes!!!
Very proud to get this book. Thank you and your staff for all as the First Lady of The last 8 years. We thank you.....greatly.
We miss you very much! What are some of your favourite recipes?
He's easy on the eyes too, surely the recipes inside are just as delicious.
Dear Michelle,
We miss you and your lovely family.The 8 years that Barack and you were in the WH were a shining beacon illuminating American values to the .    Thank you for your leadership and caring. 
We love and miss you mrs obama!you were the best First Lady in my life time 
Your values and grace are missed beyond words. Looking forward to trying the new recipes. You have always given so much it seems wrong to ask but WE NEED YOU!!
He's Handsome!!!
miss you  so much
Congratulations Chef Sam. Miss you both Michelle.
Miss you and your family so much!!
We love you too... we really want you back
Congratulations Chef on your new book. Can wait to read it.
@Mr.&Mrs Obama we miss your your Wisdom and your tenacity and the way that you put peace in your hearts. Since this Cheeto has taken office we have not had one day of peace.
Do we have a first lady? I do recalled Mrs Obama always out there in the limelight, involved on her causes, talk shows etc 
The only thing I hear from Mrs Trump is crickets
Any way to eat healthy with food that actually TASTES good to me is the holy grail. I haven’t found it yet but hope this might help.
We miss you and your husband soo much!!!
Mrs Obama I would be honored to meet you once . I will gift the book to my daughters who are very much into good health . Tall our family admires you and our President Obama’s
I miss you so much.  I actually dreamed that I met you and your husband the other morning 
I want to be your friend 
You are such a lady of divine grace n dignity. And no drama Obama is not so bad either.

A definite purchase!  I love reading cookbooks.  Always looking for healthier options.  
's Obama.
Can we have you back in the White House Mrs. President. We misses our Obamas 
We miss you! Beautiful @MichelleObama, wish you would run for President 2020
Love you!
God bless you .. God bless America Bless Muslim as well ..  take a step for peace every one wants peace but war for peace does not make peace .. its War only :)
Something worth our attention.
I love you
Miss you
Hello Mrs Obama you and Barack did a great job in the white house when you're husband was in there America was great again it's a true saying behind every good man is his back bone and support that's a good woman
I've got to get this book...we love and miss you all so freaking much!!!
#Much Love /Our First Lady
Based on @MichelleObama’s recommendation, I’ll definitely be buying this cookbook.
When I grow up I want to be just like you- oh wait - rats - I already grew up. Well, it’s not too late to start!
Sure miss you as First Lady
I'm getting the book
I know the Republicans did not treat President Obama with the respect he deserves with all that he still gave it his all and we the people love him for it.Please help get this man out of the White House.Nothing but a bunch of glorified thieves,sold our Democracy to Russia&soon
First Lady take a look at my health site...you will love it. http://plexusworldwide.com/kellymturner 
You're such a warm, beautiful and classy woman! 
Mrs B, I miss you.
Yuuuum.. got to get that book
I'm buying that book!!
If First Lady Michelle loves it - I love it!!  I will be ordering! 
I miss the garden! So glad to see Sam!
@realDonaldTrump on Air Force 1 and @MichaelCohen212 previously represented to the American people that Mr. Cohen acted on his own and Mr. Trump knew nothing about the agreement w/@StormyDaniels , the $130k payment, etc. As predicted, that's was a bald face lie. #PLEADTHEFIFTH
Love you
Hello @MichelleObama ...
your the best i will buy this book and yours and the presidents
Art.

Miss you!
Because you m Obama I will support the book take word for love  my First Lady
You were and still are an excellent "mother" to the American people! 
Thank you so much
@professoraddo please I believe this will inspire you bro

Thank you @MichelleObama - you have no idea how many times I quote you to my daughter & her friends!!!! “When they go low, we go high” God bless you & entire family.
МИРА И ЛЮБВИ ВАМ...
Hope to see your cook book in Canada soon. I will certainly purchase a copy even if it has only your name and no recipe inside. I love you that much.
My wife just picked this up for me!  Looking forward to trying some healthy and delicious recipes!
Just purchased the book  for my husband’s birthday!  He enjoys cooking and cooking healthy!  Thank you, Michelle.
I wish one day to meet with you God bless you.
We love you FLOTUS. I will buy his book because of you!!!
I missed you so much, please come back
모두 사랑합니다
I wish I was part of this.
i miss you
Can't wait to share this cookbook with people in my liver disease circle. #liverdisease #NonAlcoholicFattyLiverDisease #NAFLD #liverdiet
@MichelleObama - thank you sincerely for everything you have done to improve education about nutrition. My daughter’s generation thanks you!
We need you Michele & Barack back in the White House!
We miss you & your invaluable work! 
They are just people of CLASS one of the very best ever being in the #whitehouse .# nuflove
#AREALLYFIRSTLADY you are missed
Scallions a nice addition to any dish
Miss you and your family  so much!
Eating healthy is sooo great Michelle Obama taught us
Wow...I would love the recipe for what's in that pan!!!!
Love him!
kisses.
MUITO BOM SABER DISSO.BOA SORTE E SUCESSO SEMPRE.
So glad that Melania Trump decided to keep the White House vegetable garden.  Seems it's the only thing left over from the Obama Administration that Trump is reversing.
Love you obamas
I know you don't want to run, Michelle, but USA desperately needs you now!-
I put cookbooks on my list (add this & 2 2 buy)!
I have mailed 2 copies of my nonfiction book to you.  Did you get those copies?  The title is, “My Pathway to the Light... Overcoming Legal Blindness.”  I miss you so much!  Jane Bradley, Hattiesburg, Mississippi
Thanks I will return in Dakar Sunday
Gentleman Brothers others do you follow me

https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1229651690504618&set=a.1209163412553446.1073741827.100003793972554&type=3 …

Will check out this book - Thanks First Lady
@MichelleObama  Please, I will greatly appreciate you can support my work https://www.amazon.com/Design-Your-Destiny-Actualizing-Birthright/dp/1543237533 …. I mentioned @BarackObama on page 75 of my book when I was discussing about Hope. The book is about self-discovery, leadership and unleashing your potentials. Thanks
@MichelleObama Let's do an interview on the issue of human trafficking...
could you please somehow be First Lady again
Malia está ok?? Eh?? 
GOOD  LUCK  MRS  / MICHELLE     MBAVARIRE  AND   I      LOVE   YOU   MY    WIFE   

LOVE  HUSBAND  MAX
Thank you for being YOU @MichelleObama! You’ve just inspired me to step away from the noise and go work outside in my garden! 
@ClarksonPotter fantastic!

Glad you are ooo
Congrats for Healthy Cooking!
http://speedoflife-times.blogspot.com/ 

a Newbie Vegan!!! #Foodie #MealIdeas
1st Lady Mitchell Obama, Thanks for this information to help everyone to eat healthy choices.
Sincerely J.Jones
A copy of the book arrived today for my husband’s birthday !  Thank you Michelle for posting about it and amazon fot speedy delivery.
Congratulation

Me 2 and miss you so much...

Do not stop this train
https://twitter.com/shlvng_/status/989799061942222848?s=19 … this might help
Congratulations!
I'm qq1111111
Nice
SSD ZZZZZ\€¥,d€d%,c,.,€..%\€,€€€€%%¥*€%€,_,;_€,%.€.€€ ZZ,(b)de€€XXXSZZZZZZZZZZZcfexdscexcefrfddrdZ.ZZZZ?ZSSXZZSZXZ.:;2;;;.;
There is nothing HEALTHY about consuming the dead bodies of animals Dairy Eggs and Meat are unhealthy and it is cruel to the animals that suffer because of people like you and Michelle. Here is the reality. #GoVegan. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9tB39wFemFY …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9tB39wFehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7suPjXRwVTkmFY …
the older cutting edge restaurants like @BlindFaithCafe in Evanston, Il. seldom get the attention they deserve. Fresh food, vegetarian venue since 1979.
"DE BRUG"barackobama
Is it like your “healthy” school lunches that made my children start packing theirs?  If so, hard pass
You 2 are the "real" royal family.
We miss you all in the White House...
Buying it!
,
o _!l

_*__mlm_ , n
I’d like to check out his book!!
I miss you
Great news follow your dreams
I am new at this social media thing but I am trying to learn so I can beg @BarackObama to walk me down the aisle at my wedding on 10-27-2018 in Indianapolis
There’s nothing like walking into your garden to select  veggies from your garden, I do it summer and in the fall.
Thanksj
keeping fit
Woman.....I really, really, really miss you, hubby, the girls, your mom and the peppers I know your done - totally get it but I can dream can't I?!
Big kitchen
The growing and cooking with healthy Garden veggies is healing to one’s health! Xoxoxo
I love you Michelle Obama.
Do Not Forget about me in the mot dificult moment Michelle Please
We couldn't be prouder of you and your husband!! Thank you for everything!!!
I miss normal folks
ફબ
Thank you very much . You  always gave us the best. God bless you and your family.. please continue.
I don't believe it. He has to show me in person!
Cuuteee
I will be buying his book.  Love to cook and love to be healthy.
Wow so beautiful.....
We all love you remember you very much the great lady.... 
Oh I NEED this book!

Will be on my birthday wish list..... Thanks for the heads up on this new cook book.
Congratulations with your new book! So exiting...
Congrats!!!  I can’t wait to get your book
Looking for your book
Crazy white House amen
Current White House chef
Great I will buy one
how nice
Congrats


I'm buying this book pronto
