Today my 9 year old was @MichelleObama for her 3rd grade Open House project. She was inspired by her work to make sure more kids go to college & #ReachHigher . She loves that Mrs Obama is brown & has hair like hers #ISawMyself 
I'm a father of five boys and I doubt I'll ever have a chance for a little girl. In fact I think five is probably enough, but if I had a little girl I would want one just so I could teach her about you ma'am.
Teach your boys!  Great info for them too!  
My boys are raised to study every strong independent woman. They are taught that women and men are no different in their abilities, and should be respected and admired equally. She is not just a great woman, she is the kind of human being I hope my boys will all aspire to become
I’m a 66 yr old gma, and I think I love you Tobin Beach even though I don’t know you! You are a good father.
Betsy Devos is trying to figure out what all those words mean.

Hakko iby Miichelle , apa kabarnya ? Aku dari lndonesia, aku mohon ibu doakan sya krn sya sakit stroke udh tiga thn nih,,,, bantu doa biar aku cepat sembuh dn kebali aktifitas
I want to be Michelle Obama too!!!

Michelle hey
Here's another admirer from Mrs. Meadows' second grade. Meet Zoriah!
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/canbangladesh-turn-their-form-around.html …
May you be blessed with the dean of Allah Amin, we are all born with it but are lost, may you find yourway back Amin
You are both an inspiration and a wonderful role model for humans everywhere 
U are a mentor to many of us..
So beautiful 
She nailed it!!
You are as smart as a 3rd grader(Maybe).    If they lower the curve for dumbs--ts !!
What a wonderful post. I have been educating students since 1993. I recently started a group to help support parents to encourage kids to read. It's a free group to join and I hope it provides everyone with value. Here is the link: https://www.facebook.com/groups/158166564915726/ … Everyone is welcome.
Should I do come back to school when ewe
I think you know how much of a role model and a positive example you are to our black females and that alone makes you an exceptional women thank you
You really displayed total lack of class by mocking First Lady on the Ellen Show. What a disgrace. She tried to make kind gift and you mocked her and ridiculed her in front of millions. It's you who has a lack of class. You should be ashamed of yourself. Role model? What a joke.
We miss you!!!!!!!!
U r going make me cry.
I m now.
my best role model 
Alexandra is beyond over the moon that u would take the time to reply to her! She can't wait to tell her classmates tomorrow. Thank u 4 inspiring her & 4 knowing how much a reply would mean. She got so teary eyed at dinner when we showed her your tweet. She makes us all proud!
Alexandra for president!
As a third grade teacher, my students are doing this project and one of them is so proud to be your husband.
Very good
How wonderful!  I can't think of a better role model for all children!  Michelle Obama - oh how I miss you and President Obama!
An old tweet but it got me teary eyed
Great woman you are. You are my wife's hero
Beautiful, thanks for this post!!!
You're an inspiration to all women and a wonderful example to all Americans. You embody the good-natured health-conscious and environmentally conscious human beings we should all aspire to become.
You are still our #FLOTUS! (And you can control your man!)
No, she is not.
Again, I’m black.  Who cares!!  It happens everyday.
That's Awesome..
Please come back.
Awesome

What about this?  @MichelleObama @jennalepley
I love it!
She should have been sent right home. I am sure. If she dressed as our First lady Melania. But if you dress like a pig. its appropriate
@DrBiden is a teacher. She would probably give this an A+ as well. Cute
You are amazing and the best role model ever......my FirstLady forever
Awesome
I miss you so much as our First Lady. You’re such an inspiration, not just for me but for all young girls.
I miss our classy ,sweet, professional, intelligent First Lady. She always made us proud. #MichelleObama
Absolutely!!
I think this is neat. Michelle you were and still are a great Role model.
Congrats
This is awesome!
Me súper encantó. Yo también la admiro!!!!
Dear Mrs Obama. Current president and his depressed wife killed the fresh air which you and your husband brought to international politics. #MichelObama4President.
Here is one of my third graders from our Living Wax Museum last February.  Oprah is in the pink and Ruby Bridges is in the middle with the bow.  One of my favorite days at school!
This is cute!
Thank you for sharing! That class right there gives us hope.
Congrats
How Wonderful
Remember when our first lady had a smile...and a personality. #missyoumrsO
You made our day every day your husband was in office. Love you both #thanksobama
America primary elections start this year. We need to elect people with the grace and heart of @MichelleObama. Don't sit this year out. There are seats in the senate and house up for election. Let's put people in there who actually work for the American people. VOTE 2018
Isn't vanity cute 
God Bless you !! Your girls are truly amazing:))) you’re the best mother
Go Audrey! You are such an inspiration! Stay strong, read everyday and continue making awesome choices! You are setting such a wonderful example!
She’s right, former First Lady Michelle! You gave so many young girls a super role model to look up to! You’re the best First Lady we’ve had in my lifetime and I’m 54, so I’ve seen quite a few!

So. Much. Class. I miss your grace in the White House!
Your legacy lives on!
You need to lose weight
@MichelleObama
She couldn't have a better role model.
Mrs. O is a total ladystud!
Everything you post is for blacks!!! Why don’t you tell them to get jobs and learn respect towards people and to stop burning down neighborhoods.  Yes Michelle you!!!! Do the right thing instead of pacifying bad behavior.
Michelle, thank you for continuing to inspire us all.  It's great to see so many young people obtaining college educations in spite of obstacles.
Kudos to you, Audrey! May you continue to shine and have all your dreams come true!
Love it
An outstanding  example of the type of role model that parents are happy for their children to emulate.  Thank you, present Obama and your children for making us proud as the First Family.  We miss you
Correction:  Thank you, President Obama and your children for making us proud as the First Family.
Yes...because you are the best at making someone pick themselves up by the boot straps and get movin' thanks for all you 've done for this country!
WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!
@MichelleObama
Totally! Keep going high...
So very glad you saw, and responded to, Alexandra Dow's presentation to her third grade class!  While each of us is unique, you are a truly special person.
anyone dress up as Melania Trump? What grade would you give them?
Awesome...
Brilliant job young lady! A+
I miss Mrs. Obama. Bith her looks and her brain. Shame on me. Lol
I miss you as well in the UK.   The reason I look so rough in my photo, is I'm (slowly) recovering from a stroke.
GO 'CHELLE!!
We  you @MichelleObama!!!
Live this! So inspirational  Thank you Michelle for being such a great role model and leader.
Awwww too cute!
From a queen to a Lil queen job well done.
I am a second grade teacher, and couldn’t agree with you more, except we grade on number scale — this is a 4/4.
You’re the greatest role model for our young ladies. 
That's awesome!!
Alexandra sure picked the perfect person who has had such a powerful positive impact on our world.  You're the best!
@MichelleObama
Love it!  We miss you so much, beautiful!
I so miss having a really classy educated woman as "First Lady." (And saying that, I am not putting down Melania. But really, Mrs. T. and her dreadful husband should not be in the White House.)
Great New Author...Educator..
L O V E! I also aspire to be more like you!
I AM a 3rd grade teacher, and I agree!!!
Wow! That’s awesome!
How precious
Good job, Mrs. Obama!!! 
AMAZING!!!!
Those knees tho
As for all time role models , you inspire so many. Thank you for being you , and making us ladies beilive it can be done.  We miss you 
We miss you, Michelle (& your husband!) America just didn't deserve you two. you guys are the best!
Love you
Love this so much!!!!!! A++++
I’ll be waiting for her - signed, The Future
Everyone will always love you and be inspired by you. Our country misses you and President Obama. I know but he will always be my president.
Now I’m crying
Michelle, Pease run for office this country needs transparancy.
hello, my name is Nissrin Zerwal , i am17yo  high school student from Morocco  ,so that means that next year i should go to college , i want to become a  footwear designer  , i've seen that you've helped a lot of ppl to reach there dreams and i would love to became one of those.
Stay Awesome, Michelle, I know you don't want to enter the political arena again but we need your support to resist this NUT @POTUS  that's trying to take us back 100 years. We love the Obama's... We miss you and @BarackObama
Too cute!
Please run for president ma'am
Mrs Obama, we miss you as FLOTUS and especially miss your husband as POTUS!! :) I voted for him both times :)
That's the problem with this country. Color of skin is more than character. Mrs Obama can't write anything without mentioning the color of skin.
...aaaawww... 
congratulations!
Is so wonderful to see that in a Kardashians world this beautiful girl wants to be like Michelle Obama  that’s what we need, more educated intelligence women instead of talentless nude full of plastic surgery self called models.  Congratulations little girl! 
Beautiful!
Please come back.
Isn’t she just precious!!!

Awesome 
Too bad that Michelle Obama was for BLM. They are dividing black and whites! We had held hands together for so many years and was against our police! Our police are black and white together keeping America safe! Bad Michelle! Anti America B&W together !
great woman.
How's that school slop program er uh school lunch program working for you now #Michael ?

ROLE MODEL MATERIAL!!!
Lovely young lady!
Miss your shining smile and energy...thanks for uniting our country
Miss you so much. You bring decency and unity to our country,
What a wonderful role model she has.
Cute
Mrs. Obama, we, the world,are deeply appreciative of the humanity, humility and decency you and your husband have graced us with. Thank you.
I love it!!#melaninrocks!!!
LIAR..What’s untrue, however, is saying this has never happened before. Many people on social media pointed out a similar gift exchange happened in 2009 during Obama’s inauguration, when Michelle gave former first lady Laura Bush a present and the entire media swooned.
#
Please come back. You make me feel safe.
We miss you Michelle!  What an amazing young lady, I love this 
Please run for president Mrs Obama. The world needs you
your daughter is beautiful...
great project...
A+
Ohhh that's Adorable!!!
Finally something positive on my TL!! 
You are an inspiration. Keep using your voice to lift others!
A+ for sure
We miss you sooooo much  such a classy, intelligent First Lady we had. You seriously inspire me so much.
That IS sweet, I must say!
Love her
I was you for my 3rd grade wax museum
I love this. You give so much hope, even in this day of 45-gloom. Keep hope alive Mrs Obama!
And she's got the sunny smile,  too.
Absolutely awesome!

Michelle Obama 2020 ? PLEASEEEEE
I love her
Beautiful 
Poor Kid... she went pretty low...
Will you please run for President!? We miss you dearly as well as your husband @BarackObama !!
You are an inspiration, Mrs. Obama.  We miss you both.
Nothing but respect for my presidents First Lady
Awesome!!  Hope she watched @MichelleObama on @TheEllenShow today!
Such a wonderful influence on the kids. They should eat their vegetables, not scarf down McDonald’s in bed at 6:30pm.
It's very touching to know how many generations you have inspired! Thank YOU! A+
Awesome 
Aww très mignone j'doré Michelle Obama
too many pictures, not enough text. that's a solid C+
Bars.
Michelle Obama just gave you an A+ which is equivalent to a college degree kiddo
What an inspiration! 
