I can't wait to buy it!
I can’t wait to read this! #BookClubDivasThisIsMust
Living 25 years in this country from South America and you are my favorite first lady, your story is not just inspiring but you show 8 years of class, elegance, respect, diplomacy and intelligence. And I'm not planing to attack Melania because I think that she is just a victim
oh, boy!!
You have done so much Michelle. I hope more young people take you to heart....you are a great inspiration!
As some who is currently #writing my Next Crime #Novel being inspired was something that happened to myself.
Congratulations to you on you book!
Why did you tell such lies on Ellen about how awkward it was to receive a gift from our beautiful first lady when you done the same to Larua Bush, was it because you was intimidated by her. Your classless.
Can’t wait to read it and learn .. love you
Glory Rejoiceth  #KnicksLiberty #LibertyKnicks
Wow! I have been waiting to hear this. I can’t wait to read it. 
How about the chapter on your terrorist friends Bill Aires


Please read my tweets. A Southern girl who grew up with Dr. Cheryl Whitaker. Im broken. A stroke has halted me. Please and thank you
I can’t wait to read it! #Becoming #MichelleObama #FirstLady
Will there be a Becoming First Lady?
I pre-ordered mine!!! Can. Not. Wait.  #Amazon
OH! I need to Pre-order MINE... This I will be getting! O-kayy
Can’t wait to read it!!!!!!!!!
Michelle Ma'am, I am egarly waiting for this book.
You have always been an inspiration to me in every way.
It sounds like her book will be a very interesting one to read.  Can Michelle Obama reveal the price of the book?
You're the best @MichelleObama. The role model I want my daughter to learn from.
Can’t wait. What a great birthday present. Thank you!!!
The right message at the right time.
I can’t wait to read your HERSTORY
Congratulations on your newly released book.  I look to reading it.
Правильно Обама объявление обстоятельствы
Он признал что прекрасный мучительный глубокий и но чувствительный замечательный неженщин культур но он мужчин ни одного оружия а можно путин
Зачем он путин санкцить его рабской русской граф
А Путин взаймой смысле из рабской
Должен из раб
I am looking forward to purchasing it, reading it, and sharing it with my 12 yr old and 8 yr old daughters 
Yet another democrat hack book
Stoked for a good read 
Should be in the bargain bin in no time.
Can't wait
We can't wait to read it! Thank you for sharing your story. We're certain you will inspire so many of our young readers...
I hope that you actually tell how you lied to the American people, how you used the American taxpayers and your honest opinion about your hate for the white man.  You and your so-called husband did everything in your power to racially divide this country.
Thank you very much! Our Queen!!!!!!
Can’t wait to read it!
I can't wait to also assign it to my students in my English classes @sdmesacollege to read!
Thanks for the much needed inspiration. I miss the Obamas!!
The fact that @MichelleObama tour kicks off on my birthday is a sign I should be there
Can't wait to read it!
Can't wait to read your amazing life story.  You did not get a restaurant but you made him an amazing president. Lol
I am excited to read BECOMING
Or any of this? #HRC #HillaryClinton #BarrySoetero #bho #RussianCollusion #becoming #Comey #Russians #HisNameWasSethRich #QAnon #usa #DeepState

We shall see. 11:11
Keep holding on to the narrative you sooooo desperately want to be true.

Otherwise yoy’ll have to burn your MAGA hat and delete all the pro-crook posts you have on your facebook account.

You’ve been fooled- better to do it now before it’s too late.
FYI @KimSilv26 @ruffs77
You’re already an inspiration  can’t wait to read it
Love  you!!!  Can’t wait to read your book!

Love you Michelle
5 things that are less laughable  than Little miss: Boo hoo here: 1. My Mother upon wakeing up in the morning 2. Kuuchisake-Onna 3 Teke-Teke 4: Fukushima 5. Rukia Tominaga the biggest Dunce of Misono Jogakuin
Ugh go away already.
Book tour?!! That would be amazing!!
You are queen 
@ALALibrary @alamw - Our next closing speaker??
The
I sent that response after I'd already taken my sleepysleep dope . I have absolutely no idea what I was going for with the "The." It will remain a mystery. The gif, however, is exactly what I was going for. Sashay!
Frist lady Michelle,  you have inspired me. I can hardly wait to read your book, So happy you want to share..
Cannot wait until it’s published. As a non US citizen I have been moved by your truth, kindness and generous nature x
Wow  Congratulations.  I can’t wait to read your book  let me be transparent I love three but because of my dyslexia I’m not always encouraged to read books  However I’ll do all I have do to make sure I read your book through  
Can’t wait to read this!
http://snuffycollectibles.com  #writerslife
We all have stories
Please don't no one cares
As an avid reader, this is one book I am really looking forward to reading and sharing with my 17 yo grandaughter, who is "becoming"
I know that your book will be inspirational to all readers. I can't wait to get mine. Congratulations!!!
Someone should write your autobiography. Titled: The Beloved Michelle Obama" ..you inspire me. 
Cant wait to read it. I loved Mr. Obama's books I read before he was President. Im sure I will really love yours. Yaaay.
I can’t wait to read your story! You spoke eloquently at the last Democratic National Convention!!!    
Can’t wait!
The First Lady already is a supreme #AHS
You have always been my inspiration. And my greatest dream will be one day to get to meet or even just sit in any of your forums. Might just be an Africans girl dream but dreams come true right? Meanwhile excited, waiting for the book 
Im reading this
In time for my birthday! Can’t wait! Miss you all! That’s an understatement!
Just fade away. Are you not already rich enough ?
the only one you could become is the one you want to become

I can’t wait to read it!!
I love, love the title!  What a perfect word to sum up the true loveliness of you and your journey. Thank you for always inspiring us.
I’m looking forward to reading this book. You are an elegant speaker and I am sure the book will be just as mesmerizing!
11
I cannot wait to read it!
Becoming means you were something different before hand. Soooooo Is it true?
Looking forward to your book! Congrats!
Can’t wait to read it @MichelleObama!
I can’t wait to read it Queen 
I can’t wait to read it! You have deeply inspired me

Can’t wait to read it! Thank you for inspiring me to be a woman that carries herself with dignity and faces hardships with grace. I also want to thank you for being a voice for military families. As a military brat, Army medic, and military spouse of 18 years...THANK YOU 
Got the email yesterday.  Clicked preorder so fast!! Can't wait (still my) First Lady . Nov. is so far
Please run for President, please please please.
Can’t wait to read your book.  Congratulations!
Looking forward to it. You are an inspiration to people around the globe! God bless you and your family.
You are awesome
Sure miss you and hubby
October 13, 2018 would be a MUCH, MUCH better launch date.
My daughter is in Dental school & my son in business school. I believe your book will reinforce what I've told them since childhood. "You are capable of achieving anything, as long as you prepare & believe in your abilities"! @dlogan2
We Love You Michelle!!!
Lovely 
So ready for this great read#ready2read
Can’t wait!!!!!!
Yes becoming anything is great - especially like a healthcare provider - like I did - I would love to pick up the book once - I am endorsed by the Obamas.
Anxiously waiting for the Book Tour. It will be right after the elections #BlueWave2018. Can’t wait to celebrate.
And democrats...vote liberterian

I hope hope hope you come to the Twin Cities during your tour @MichelleObama ! Can't wait to read your book regardless 
What your finding more ways to lie about yourself and that thing your married to...   well I am happy to say You couldn't pay me enough to read any part of this lie filled piece of trash!!@
Can't wait to read it Michelle
Cant wait!
Can't wait Queen Obama
Thank you.
I CAN'T WAIT TO PURCHASE THIS
I can’t wait!!!!
How many houses do you own while most Americans can’t raise $500 on short notice? How many homeless Americans do you share your houses with?
Cannot wait to read it!! Sending love to you and your family.
Me on November 13th
Please start by telling the public your gender as it’s heard that your gender is NOT what you claim to be. And show the birth of your distint different girls to settle an argument
Thank you Michelle Obama!
I can't wait to read your story. 
Reminds me of the poem "Finding Her Here" and the line "I am becoming the woman I've wanted." Looking forward to reading the book.
Me, too.
Looks like a great birthday present to me on November 15th! 
And we care why?
When you speak , i listen in awe and smile xxx
Wonderful First Lady. I am anxious to get my copy.
You are a breath of fresh air in the current environment. Such a positive, can do inspirational messenger! Bravo! We all miss you!

Can’t wait to get my hands on this!
I’m a girl from south side as@well.  Xxooo
Forever my First Lady
I write too..

@AprilPreston_
Not till November ?  Ugh
I'm good but glad you wrote it.
Pls stop inflicting yourself on the public. You had your 8 yrs, give it a rest. You & BeeBop Barry are as bad as “I can’t leave the stage” Hillary. What’s with you Dems that you believe the world needs you permanently in our faces?
Go get em First Lady.
@issasanck
I actually love her 
Lol good one, Michael 🖒
I love you!! I hope you do an audio book of this!!
So proud of and happy for you!! Can’t wait!
That will be a great bday gift for me. Since it comes out on my birthday.
Thank u for writing it.
PLEASE revisit Philly & PhillyCAM, People Powered Media & RUE on Alicia's Peace of the Air.
 So happy to read there will also be a German language version of your wonderful book! 
You've inspired Generations and ones yet to come!
FLOTUS 4Ever!! 
Can’t wait to read it! Thank you gracious lady.
Please find away to restore the TRUE Beauty IN THE WORLDS SMITHSONIAN of the First Lady of my grand babies,remember,, BROWN LIKE ME
Please find away to restore the original image of Our tall brown Presidential President,and BV the way the FIRST BROWN FAMILY AND GRAND MOTHER FOR 8YEARS,  THE HISTORICAL/  PRESIDENTIAL FAMILY

Becoming an inmate is your next book
@SamSymes1 A DREAM COME TRUE
I love this woman, strong,smart and mighty fine.
We miss you all terribly. Looking forward to sharing this with my daughter.
Can't wait!
You r a lovely woman madam!
I am so excited to read this.
I can’t wait... 
Thankful to have lived/be living #BlackHistoryMonth with the likes of #MLK, Malcolm, @RevJJackson, @repjohnlewis, the Obamas.
Me too but, We cant gaurantee there will be a black candidate for president at every electin. The fact that the black vote count drops when we have a white candidate is what will put us in abackwards spiral out of freedom. We want one who will help us not one who is black because
Thanks for the smile today.
Mike and ike
Yaaaaaaaaas!!!!!
Merci beaucoup, Wahab! I was not aware of Michelle Obama's publication and want to read her book. So, Twitter seems good after all :). Até em breve!
Yeah! Another way to get information you might like after all
Looking forward to reading your journey. Love Always
The best is yet to come and you will give us so much more. Thank you @MichelleObama
Anxiously awaiting....
Please come to Kansas City on your book tour!!
THIS IS HOW MUCH MICHELLE OBAMA HATES AMERICANS
I can't wait to listen to it ......
Very much looking forward to the book!!
Can’t wait to read thisss, so excited 
I am not from the Southside, but born and raised in Germany.  You are an inspiration to many, and a great motivational speaker.  Your girls are lucky to have a mom like you.  Beautiful, strong and independent.  
Pre-order?

Please come to Philly!!
Congratulations FLOTUS #ForevermyFLOTUS  Can’t wait!
We are proud of you  and your accomplishments. We're confident that you will continue with even more successes. Good luck in your next step. Congratulations!
 
#BlackWomen
#WomenMadeHistory
I would never read this dribble!
Can’t wait.
Michelle this is Gregory Wilson Sr im im contacting u 2 tell u 2 contact Mrs Amy bilaincini she is dealing with my section 8 voucher and they gave it 2 me after i miss and appointment on December 20 2017 and the mayor's director straighten it out and gave me my section 8 voucher
Cannot wait to read it.
I cannot wait 
*types furiously to mark down release date in calendar* 
Michelle Obama for president!
Can’t wait!!! 
Can’t wait to read it 
I am SO for this
