Michelle Obama says America has "to change our conversations, our traditions and our HISTORY... to transform the greatest nation  of freedom in the world for MARXISM. Folks fake history, fake science,
Talking of higher eductation, are you still lying about helping the little old lady in Target?
#MichelleObama deserves our eternal respect and gratitude. Because we did not do right by her, not even a little. #FLOTUS
The American people deserve a First Lady like #MichelleObama. Her eternal respect and gratitude included supporting healthy lunch programs, helping military families, promoting college sign-ups, speeches, etc.
And laughed all the way to outrageous trips around the world to the tun of  $1.4 Billion
Mrs. Obama how many are going to Princeton?
Love you, miss you, thank you
Wow!!!
@realDonaldTrump Michelle, ya’ll about to be exposed. Truth sets US free & we are about to hear it. No escape for criminals
A lot of amazing opportunity in the trades profession as well! Let's show support to important and available opportunities in skilled labor. @mikeroweworks #skilledlabor #supportthetradestoo
Come to Houston next year, we have some amazing students going and doing some amazing things after graduating high school. #HoustonISD
That's a awesome!
You and Barack may have moved out of 1600 Pennsylvania ave, but you will forever our First Lady!
#ForThePeople
#RealLoveRealService
MICHELLE. YOUR HUSBAND KILL MY DOUGTHER HUSBAND WITHOUT ANY REASON.. Jeffrey Sachs drops a massive load of Syria-related common sense on MSNBC....
My school couldn’t go this year Bc we are too broke 
So NOW you are proud of America? Nice.

Theirs a foul born every day !

Michelle Obama, America now has a beautiful and gracious First Lady so you will never be Anerica's Forever First Lady. America is over and done with you and your husband. The two of you have caused enough problems in America but President Trump is repairing those problems.
We miss you so much! 
See you soon!
@Camila_Cabello  thanks for making me stronger and for making believe in myself  . can You follow me ??
We miss you Michelle
WE MISS YOUR CLASS COMPASSION INTELLIGENCE & SMILE FIRST LADY MICHELLE 
 

I remember when we used to actually liked and looked up to the First Lady of the United States!
Oh my goodness Michelle Obama is going to be in Philly today.
@JasonLeePHL17
You are an inspiration and stunning. I am so excited about the things you are doing. I miss you so much though.

You are a true inspiration 
And not a drop out gold digger, yeah I said it.  Thanks Melania for being a role model that you should compromise yourself to be in a relationship for money. Go away...
Please do some research first.   Melania had her own money before she ever met President Trump. How many languages can you speak.   Yeah! Some role model!  Caught on video in a flag ceremony saying "all of this for a d--n flag. Spreading racism etc.  Yeah ! Some role  model! Smh
I am japanese I can speak english word a little sorry your twitter looking from yoshi

@MichelleObama you're an inspiration! How did you become an empowered leader? And how do we create girls to become strong leaders like yourself? I'm a school teacher, and my goal is to create leaders in my school. Any advice will be greatly appreciated.
hello ! a beautiful service ... congratulations .... the world needs more angels like you ...
I can be reached here or at withrenee1@gmail.com. She loves you so much and talks about you and President Barack all the time.
There is an older woman that I have known from childhood who absolutely loves you. She has been recovering from surgery for sometime. Her daughter works for the government. You surprising her would mean everything to her. She lives in Glassboro and has your dolls and photos up.
I love you.
Who wants to send students to indoctrination centers for corrupt, leftist I.D.I.O.T.S, like YOU!
Siempre Ella cerca de la juventud USA esperanza de un  Mundo mejor.
@Zendaya my teacher said you’re expected to be at the college signing as well, I screamed real loud in class. So just wondering if this is true ?
She’ll be there!  Make sure to watch LIVE at 11:15am ET on our FB page at http://www.facebook.com/bettermakeroom 
You are a inspiration to us of all race and gender. You will always be our Shining Star ! We miss you  and love you Michelle Obama forever in my hearts.
God Bless You!
@kerrywashington 
Hello friends it's been a while, here is a great website
Just click this link 
 https://mena.yougov.com/en/refer/8HzUFO1imUChgv_uB9uSqQ/ …
Please come get us!!! We miss you and Barack!!
That's v3ry pretentious
http://westsidetoastmasters.com/resources/thinking_tools/ch10lev1sec7.html …

Thank you for carrying
Michelle, My culture is not your hairstyle!  Casual reverse racism’s still racism!
My daughter will be there. Top 25  in her class !
CAMILA, QUE ORGULHO!!!
@MarjoDSousa  por favor y tú equipo alluda a mi sobrina hacer lo que le gusta
Glorious crowning
YOU SHOULD BE SOOO ASHAMED!
Awesome
Have a Good One.
Your husband could prevent Syrian people and Ukrainian people from being  killed by Syrian Army, Iranian Army and Russian Army. However he didn't, and stopped  US military to help and rescue the poor people.

YES
Tell your hubby he owes the American people an explanation about his Iran deal.
....we love you, always. God bless you and your family.

My angel
BO$$, Michelle Obama
Purse all heavy, gettin' Oprah dollars
You are awesome
Boss Michelle Obama 
Purse so heavy gettin' Oprah dollas 
Boss Michelle Obama 
Purse so heavy gettin' Oprah dollas…
Yeeeeees I'm so excited
A mi me ¡.ENCANTA.! ,,,me ¡.FASCINA.! ,,,me ¡.ENLOQUESE.! ,,,me ¡.GUSTA muchisísisisimo.! Michelle Obama.
I love this women
MY BIRTHDAY!!!

FOLLOW ME @Camila_Cabello
only legends
You are an example of woman and strength!
I love this. Inmiss you and your husband so very much
yeaa
Ay my birthday
Interesante
@Camila_Cabello i love you so so much girl
I love this women
yesss
ILL BE THEREEEE
So proud of u!
legends
aw Camila hi
JUSTICE FOR SANGRIA WINE
ily

We need more Michelle Obama tweets. You are such an inspiration to our young female generation!!! 
U and ur husband @BarackObama are a disgrace. The latest revelation about the failed #Obama #Presidency is the lie that was the #IranNuclearDeal. Shame on him for misleading the #American public. Yet another Obama mess for @realDonaldTrump to fix. #MAGA

Congratulations First Lady! You are my hero!
Please please help and stop the hate . You are so loved by so many and I pray you or Barack can go on tv and let the USA know it is a disgrace how President Trump and family, especially Barron are treated. Please stop this hate.
Hey @MichelleObama where’s your shoutout for @PressSec for going high? #democratsgolow

Please dont forget that i as an individual can do anything and you yourself as an individual cant do anything as well.  But us as a community, us together as one organisms we can accomplish anything.

Donald Trump should win Nobel Peace Prize, says South Korea's president http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/donald-trump-nobel-peace-prize-moon-jae-in-north-south-korea-us-president-a8329276.html …
Hi
We love you in Philly Michelle! Thanks for your service!  We can do together what we cannot do alone!
What time and which college would you be at?
You are such an inspiration!!  :")
We STILL love Michelle - AND ALL that YOU Do!!!!!
The, tough, the secere, and brave. Glass enterprise's a division of men contained in one. MaAm/.
I'm so happy for you & thankful for all you continue to do.
Ugh
selling out and destroying America. Thats you thats your legacy
I miss you @MichelleObama @BarackObama
We cannot wait to welcome you to Philadelphia!  Thank you, @MichelleObama for supporting higher education and our high school students.
Please forgive me for getting angry with you yesterday.  That was real but misplaced anger.
Melania Trump is much more of a 1st Lady then you could ever dream of being. She is elegant, intelligent and caring. You on the other hand are nothing but a portrait of a BAD painting, which sums up your career. Has your husband, the worst POTUS of all time lawyered up yet? #MAGA
Philly students and school counselors are excited you will be here.  We work hard to make college possible for our students! We are proud of our students. We hope to see you on the stage! #CollegeSigningDay @Pink
You ARE a true inspiration for insulting white people who support Trump-you fit right in Philly my home town-thank God I don't live there anymore. Your legacy will be a true racist filled with hate for white people. You should be proud
I’m super proud that @oes_cougarcubs are participating this year!!!
We’re so proud of you all too! Make sure to post and tag us. We  that your elementary students will learn about college & careers so early!
Do y’all come back in for a visit Chicago when is the library going open up and your husband’s name
If you are half of what people think of you then please stop the hate. The disgrace of not standing up for Melania and Barron really is ruining the country. Both of you please stop this ugliness. You don't have to support Trump but to slander him everyday is so bad for the USA.
God bless OBAMA Family.I have a dream: one day I want to meet and congratulate president OBAMA.

Give it up to Queen Michelle Obama Y'll yes, Yes!!!
Stop by Weiss Hall at Temple the day before to check out the Honors Psychology Poster Session! We would love to talk to you about our work!
Original first lady.always.May GOD CONTINUE to bless you and your family
You go Michelle. You are the best and wonderfully committed to what you are
doing with your 5th #CollegeSigningDay. Celebrate you deserve a medal.
You are such an inspiration. Thank you.
Mrs. Obama. This is GOOD, and I THANK God and YOUR Parents for who you have BECOME!!(smile)I loved your BOOK!! Sincerely Shellie Gary

Is there a university signing day too?
Love you Michelle. Get up and move inspired me to lose weight. You continue to be all-inspiring!
@JLo come together over me please emergency relocation no joke help please
Good day! You are and always will be the First Lady! How can I help with this event? I support you in any way! Much love!!!
Try to keep up clown.  She is NOT and will NEVER again be OUR first lady.
Respect ..
@MichelleObama doing a much better job in education than @BetsyDeVosED ever will
Please #Subscribe  https://youtu.be/m3mwJJG2Qz4    #WANTED subscribers  apply here https://youtu.be/m3mwJJG2Qz4  #MentalHealthMatters
Sure miss ur grace and beauty at the WH. Thanks for being our First Lady.
Thank you for this Michelle!
Because of you, Flotus  (forever!) I WAS A PROUD PARENT AS WE PARTICIPATED IN THE DAY 3 years ago. One more year to go and we will have a scholar athlete graduate. 
@MichelleObama you were an A+ #FLOTUS and you are an A+++ human being. Thank you and @BarackObama for all you do gor our country. You made us great. More work to do but I am ready to help. ♡♡♡
#BestFlotusEver
ASE
You know Mrs.Obama, you're one of the most inspirational People this world has ever known!! For this, I'm grateful my daughter follows your progress around the world because it inspires her to want to achieve great success in LIFE!!
#trueinspiration 
You remain the first lady forever may God gives you long life so you can enjoy the fruits of your hard work and dedication you invest in these people lives when like others you could have ignore and turn your back on the forgotten ones
8 yrs nothing but failure srry
Love you very much. You and your family have truly become Inspirations to me and my family. God bless you.

Thank you for your initiatives . You make America great!!!!!
HI GOOD MORNIG Mrs EX FIRST LADY . I HAVE ASSURRANCE THAT MALIA IS VERY WELL IN UNIVERSITY , AND IN THIS EXACT MOMENT IN HOUSE , TOO , IS NOT TRUE MALIA ANN OBAMA ???
I wish we had as many opportunities as this in our country
I admire you so much.
@EboniKWilliams @julieroginsky @KirstenPowers @GloriaBorger @VanJones68 Oh I wish she would run for elected office
HELP LULA DA SILVA!! HE IS A POLITICAL PRISONER IN BRAZIL!! SOS BRAZIL, WE ARE IN A DICTATORSHIP OF THE JUDICIARY!! LULA DA SILVA IS AT RISK OF DEATH!!! PLEASE, HELP US!!!

@MichelleObama
Please please come to Puerto Rico. You are  my role model. I hope that one day I can meet you. Blessings for you and your family
His hair looks great!
I admire the work you are doing. Still in service to the people. You are the inspiration for a generation.
You are such an inspiration to girls & women in the US, Michelle, including me. So proud you were our First Lady. Have fun!
Shane!  Come back, Shane!
Oh yeah, what did you do about Sandy Hook exactly?
Thank you former First Lady Michelle Obama for your service to the country for 8 years. America became better with you and former President Obama in the White House during those years. We miss you. God bless to you and your family.
You are a amazing woman with a big heart
Yes Michelle what u made is very gd and inspiring young generations so we follow and look forward
In the life, you can have a predicted day of celebration then it's will be no matter to start over and close to that predicted day!!! So to day is your time of starting!!!!
I miss you in the WH!
Hello
Its hilarious how twitter shadowbans the right!You libs actually think the numbers are due to youNo they hide @realDonaldTrump positive responses,as well as his supporters!Now keep on with your TDS  it helps us immensely!

You people are delusional.  The Obama's are frauds. You don't know whats going on in this country! You need to come out of your closets, clean the webs out of that empty space between your ears, clean the wax out and look around and listen.
Why would you call the Obamas a fraud? The fraud is the environment in which we are living as we speak.when the Russian flag is flying over the U.S. everyone will know!
Still providing leadership and inspiration every day.  Thank you.
Sra. Michelle muchas  Felicidades, pase un dìa hermoso, junto con su amistades, besos desde la Argentina, Adriana Renee.
A Great day and higher education are all reasons for a spectacular future. The best future for Amazing wishes.
EDUCATION RULE THE WORLD. I AM G SHED THE MESSENGER.
And my hubby's Bday; what a day!!
It is so wonderful to celebrate a thirst for knowledge. I miss it now that our administration is anti-education.
Lucky people
Michelle is a powerful women in my heart!
