We miss you so much!
Thank you for everything you've done!
The best First Family EVER!
@Randi_Blocker @MichelleObama omg I miss them so much 
Me too.
Just for the record.........you are NOT my forever First Lady!
Mine either!

You people wouldn't know compassion or class if it was standing right in front of you.
Thank you illustrating my point.
We miss having a REAL First Lady.
And more so a president
You are NOT the FOREVER first lady. I am sorry you were for 8 long years. Melania is the TRUE FLOTUS.
This post wasn't political.Why are you getting so defensive Deb? Could it be because deep down,you know the current flotus doesn't hold a candle to Michelle Obama and never will?
I am not defensive. I stood by quiet for 8 years of  O Bummer and his wife spewing their globalist rhetoric.....and I am now DONE with that trash talk.
Ohhhhhh...so their "trash talk" you're done with, but Trump's trash talk you are perfectly fine with....got it!


Now that is the look of a true ghetto
I think you're confused...that's Michelle Obama in the pic..not Melania..
Thanks for continuing to rise above the hate and continuing the great work you did as FLOTUS.
Awesome 
My son goes to Ohio State in the fall to study Molecular Genetics.  I'm so proud.  I'm so proud of all of our country's young people.
Congratulations to your son! Do well, young man!
Thank you so much!!


You're the definition of class, grace, intelligence. We do miss you as a First Lady.
You need a dictionary
You need to get off my comment section and be a moron bimbo somewhere else.
May I suggest the block option? It’s the only way to stop me from commenting on any tweet I want to comment on. BTW The Mooch is ugly inside and out
Look in the mirror, then you'll see who's really ugly AND disgusting inside and out. XOXOXO XOXOXO XOXOXO XOXOXO XOXOXO XOXOXO. LOVE YA!
We love you, @MichelleObama Miss you and your family hourly!  
Who is this, “we” you speak of???
You do not speak for me!
Well you're a Trump supporting gun toting hate monger white nationalist so of course you don't like her, she's black. How's Melanias bullying campaign going? #TrumpForPrison
Your profile haha you made it pretty easy. And when was america great? When women couldn't vote or when whites owned blacks? I'm sure you would love both of those back magat.
Guess what, dick. I’m married to a lovely African American woman. 
You're a lying pos just like potus. If that were true you would have no reason to dislike Michelle.
You are frickn arrogant as hell ! 

Wake up , your husband was a terrible President, and you my dear are not a class First Lady 

Check out the White House now , she’s class
*Mailorder Russian/Slovenia bride/"model" paid-in-full
I wish we could be proud of you....but nope.
I know, it's it awful how Michelle Obama supports and encourages our youth to be good people and a positive influence on the world. Completely disgusting to you obviously.
I congratulate all the people who are part of this initiative. I believe that encouraging young people to study is the best way to show support and love. If there's anything I can help, count on me. #CollegeSigningDay
Thank you for continuing to inspire women and girls of all ages! 
Maybe it was a spelling error on your part, but you are the “former” First Lady, not the “forever” First Lady.
I committed to University of Arizona!! For college signing day!!
They way you Inspire our future generation to believe in themselves is amazing.  Brings tears of joy to my eyes watching our children become adults! This is a special time in their lives thank you for caring about education and our children by actions not just words!
The best First Lady by far thank you
We miss you as First Lady very much
And Thank You Mrs. Obama for giving us such grace here in the United States!!
Forever First Lady? .    
@MichelleObama you are not the forever First Lady. We have a democracy not a dictatorship.
Gosh, we miss having a First Lady who is intelligent, ethical, eloquent, classy, decent & caring of us ordinary citizens! We miss you, Michelle!
When those BRAINWASHED by #OperationMockingbird FIND OUT that you ARE a he, #MichaelObama  WHY #JoanRivers was KILLED for outing YOU as a dude, and your part in SATANIC gate with the #NXVIM #RayChandler etc mob, you WON'T BE SAFE TO WALK THE STREETS! #QAnon #TheStorm 

Thank you for remaining visible and letting us know what real leaders look like.
Forever First Lady??? (Insert eye roll)
Note to Michelle: You are not the "forever First Lady" you are the "former First Lady"
Forever classy, loving, kind, and generous. Your family was absolutely incredible in the WH... you and @BarackObama showed what a loving, committed marriage looked like.  Thank you for all you continue to do!
Your are so powerful,the greatest first lady in the world.we love you so very much @michelleObama
You are so missed!
My daughter signed to college as well. I'm so proud of her. Thank you for being such a wonderful role model and graceful 1st lady!
please run in 2020!
"FOREVER FIRST LADY" 

SIT DOWN 

We have an elegant, beautiful, intelligent, unifying, @Flotus in the White House.
Who wears a really cool hat.
I did love the hat!
You were never my 1st lady
Who cares what u feel
Forever?  Disgraceful.
One of the darkest moments in American history
Thank You First Lady. The students at @SouthPhilaHS were greatly inspired.
My daughter is attending PVAMU in the fall. My son will be a junior there in the fall as well.
Congratulations to you and your children. 
You are a QUEEN. Thank you for your strength, dignity, and service.
Soon you will be called First Lady to the first imprisoned President? #worstFLOTUSever
Thank you @MichelleObama for continuing to be a beacon of light in today's country that is dimmed by the current administration. You are forever appreciated!

We miss you first lady so much... Te estrañamos tanton
If you’re still in Philadelphia, @mareschul and i would LOVE to buy you dinner. We know a few spots.
I loved following along as these students celebrated their success! Thank you @MichelleObama @BetterMakeRoom
Thank you for your continued service
#ThanksObama !!!!!!!!!!!!!
You deserve everything good! May your days ever be blessed
Miss you 
Always a Lady. Deeply missed.
Oh how we miss you!
Thank you for all of the good and relevant work you do! Wish there had been four terms, FDR style. 
You are the best model @MichelleObama

You beat me to it.
Class without effort.
#FLOTUS #Melania

Baltimore student accepted to all 8 Ivy League schools makes his decision
AYE THIS IS MEEEE STILL CANT BELIEVE IT I LOVE YOU SM MRS. OBAMA!
@MichelleObama we love you!
Tanti cari saluti dalla Bellissima First Lady!  White Hats are in Control !
how we miss you and Obama... my god
These kiddos are proud of you too!
Forever FORMER First Lady. That’s it.

I want you back !
Me too!
@MichelleObama said she’s “Forever the First Lady” that’s a jk right...you’ll be Forever the First Lady of the worst president in history.
You are not the “For Ever First Lady” Such a disgrace to our current FLOTUS to say such a thing.
Right???!!!! If she was, she would embrace Melania and Barron.  So arrogant!!!!
Please stop hating with this racism Michelle  has done nothing to you the color of your  skin doesn't  make you superior, God made all races and he doesn't  have respect  of person .He love all that he created. So stop with the hate
So is Malia still suspended?
Suspended? Some parents ehh?
I forgot what class and grace looked like. thank you Michelle. damn we miss your family.
No your not a forever First Lady, you were the First Lady now your not see that’s how it works 
Madam please go for next president. The first america women president 
Love from indonesia and respect to Obama
Fabulous idea!
You are not my “Forever First Lady”! #MAGA #Melania #Justgoaway
My family and I love you and wish you were our First Lady of the USA ! You are one class elegant lady!
That’s true for a person like you that loves animals! It’s fitting for you
Wow!! Racism is an ugly thing.
Thank you  Amie!
I bet the children miss the Michelle Obama lunch program also!
No one could eat her lunches not even her own make believe children.
Julizza the lying queen
Are you calling me a liar?
You are NOT our Forever First Lady. We have a fine FLOTUS now, but thanks!!! Take a cruise or something. #inappropriate




You're no lady!!!

You. Are. Awesome.
You look like you give good hugs. We could all use a hug right now.
#ForevermyFirstLady #Forever44
“No one gets through college on their own”. I did and so did millions like me. It’s called working 40 hours a week, getting off the couch, putting video games down and setting a budget.
Amazing. Congratulations to all the students who signed.
Dear @MichelleObama Nice, great feeling knowing you are and always will be the very best role model inspiring young Americans, girls especially, and our most dedicated hugger-in-chief. We love you Michelle! @lemdfde
Forever First Lady? I don’t think so someone needs ro put their ego in check.
There sure a lot of delusional obama lovers on here.
Futura presidenta de los estados unidos me encanta! Salute Io Majito Uruguay
THE COMMUNIST TAKEOVER OF AMERICA 
#CommunistManifesto 

http://genus.cogia.net/ 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=37HgRWTsGs0 …
What a DISGRACE!! Our FOREVER 1st LADY?? You are a Joke!
Hey @MichelleObama YOU WERE NEVER MY FIRST LADY, LET ALONE MY FOREVER FIRST LADY.. 
#unreal
Michael, you are not the forever first man. Get over yourself. And the sausage you have tucked in.
You are the reason they strive !! Thank you for being such an inspiration.
Hey Mike, your ego is way out of control
You are truly a lovely woman Michelle. You never cease to inspire.  I truly admire you and your amazing husband.
I love you  become president
Thanks  Michelle
Thank you Mrs. Obama.  We miss you.
God bless you & all you do!
We all miss you very much.
I love you!
I watched one of your speeches when you were in the U.K. with my two young boys. So nice. So inspirational. Memorable!
So when are you going to get involved to dump Trump?
Love to you First Lady always 
I graduated last year. I did the hard work but YOU provide the inspiration. THANKS
Bless your heart... Beautiful woman..inside & out. 
Our future and our clear way out of the conundrum we're in now. Education is the answer!
Love it, love it,  love it!

Congratulations to all! #Hope
I too wanna hug u
#Michelle2020
Michelle Obama for president!
You're pure class @MichelleObama 
And I am so proud of you. Thank you for being marvelous! Truth be told, I'm also just a tetch proud of myself for recognizing true quality when I see it.
You're an inspirational person an a mentor. Do you think you could help @kanyewest? He could sure do with some guidance.

they are all bright guiding lights
Please come back. I don't know if I can make it till 2020 with these people.
We miss you
Love you
Thank you for highlighting such a special day in these young peoples' lives!
Let's get something straight you are no longer the first lady !
Forever First Lady indeed! 
I love you mom
Scary big a$$
Thank you Mrs. Obama for believing in women and being a role model to us showing women of all race and color that all things are achievable.
“Forever First Lady” first of all lady you and your husband ran the most divisive/dividing WH in history, the day you and your 400 handlers left was the greatest day in the history of the White House!
Can you please for the love of God, run for President #Michelle2020
So genuine!!! A role model for everyone!
@MichelleObama while I respect you as a Former First Lady- I think it was incredibly uncouth to call yourself the #foreverfirstlady ... you place yourself above All other American former  #Flotus who did so much for ALL Americans. Very unbecoming - 
Regards 
A Veteran
Miss you First Lady!
Hello. I adore you. 
You are my still my First Lady
The arrogance is disgraceful
#ForeverFirstLady 
Dearest Michelle, Thank you for caring and being so very lovely.
Our future looks brighter than ever!  Congratulations to all of those amazing young people.  I'm so proud of all of you.  Make your mark on this world and enjoy doing it.
We so admire u
Keep doing this wonderful work!
We miss you come back
Poisining the minds of our youth with your narcissistic opinions. You and your husband, had your 8 years to destroy our country, by dividing it & Communising it. The mess left behind will take years to fix, and it's truly very sad. You are the "Former" First Lady, & that is all.
What a great speech you always come through when we need you most how uplifting and inspirational thank you again Michelle always my first lady
We love you, First Lady! 
You called yourself the “forever First Lady”? In your bio it says former. It’s better that way. You will never be forever and thank God for that.
We miss you so much
Luv u my First Lady 
We Miss you and Mr Obama
Come back I miss you 
いいね！
Miss you and president @BarackObama so much it hurts 
Hoping that you'd come back to guide us in this difficult times
Awwww
NO! THANK YOU... For being the best person you can be. For only being you... In my eyes you well always be First and Best Lady of them all. and U don't need fame to do it.....
Thank you @MichelleObama for all that you do for our young!!
"forever first lady?"  i think not.
We don't need a forever first lady. No matter who it is.
#FOREVERTHELUNCHLADY
gosh we miss you an awful lot our "Forever First Lady"
You’re awesome, Mrs. Obama!
Thank you for everything! We miss you so much! 
Outstanding!!!
Michelle 
You are an inspiration

Love FLOTUS Michelle.Congratulations to all of the College Signees!!!
Now THAT is a first lady.
(ツ)♡•HᗩPPY HuMPDᗩY!♬✮ 2 my first lady
Every time I see a new photo of Michelle, I crush so hard. <3
Thank you, Mrs. Obama!
God Bless You,And Family"#33!Smile
Hi Mom!!!!! 
How AWESOME of #FLOTUS ,Classy #MichelleObama !.. #CollegeSigningDay

I miss you as first lady. Thank you for your service. 
Linda
Ty for being a nice person
Please run for president we need you
IAM a big advocate 4 going 2 college & its great 2 even finish high school big 2 all that's on their way 2 higher educationfrom SWEETS
GOD I MISS YOU.
Leave America. Take the rest of the Socialist/Communists with you. Kthxbai
Thank you for your continued leadership and love you are our 
forever First Lady Michelle Obama we miss you so much
2
I love this woman she’s not more the First Lady but she’s doing a great job than @FLOTUS
Congratulations!
Thank you for your inspiring continuation of the USA future leaders. I miss you as our First Lady.  God Bless
When You go low....Counselors are going up to students to give HIGH fives!
congratulations
So are Counselors!  We aren’t Haters!  Counselors make a huge difference in the lives of students!  Many Counselors encourage students to go to college.
We miss you! 
Les petits gestes font parfois des miracles amitiés à tout les peuples de la terre.fraternité doit être au-dessus de tout 
Humans life 
Michelle - we miss you and your guy SO MUCH!
Miss you guys..
Is it deja vu if you have this odd feeling that somehow you'll see this same thing happen in a month or two with Melania?
Thanks @MichelleObama
She represents the best in all of us
This fills my soul.
It's filled you so much, your eyes are brown.
They ignore the REAL achievements made each day under the new administration while glorifying a woman who once admitted she was never proud of the U.S. until after her husband was elected President & who spoke of sleeping in a “house” built by slaves. I am ashamed of her.

"forever First Lady? "
#BACON
Thank goodness for something positive in the news today.
You do realize that three USA prisoners were released from North Korea today, don't you?  That's remarkable news.
U r as self centered as ur husband. Remember those kids in Detroit And Chicago who u said ur husband would bring hope to? Some of them are not around anymore. Is that the America u were proud of during ur time in WH? Bc  hope only worked 4 u 2 spend taxpayers money.
We miss having a REAL First Lady....
