Yeah Whats wrong with everyone loving each other, being there for each other not shooting and killing. I think Kids and Adults need to be thought how to think Not follow what we see on TV, as that's what is happening. Through Your TV out the window.
That’s not the real world.
Oh i know the real world not many do as there blinded by things like this twitter but what we are saying is theirs young life growing up in schools we need to show them how to think and show love to whatever situation we are here to give love to one and other to be at peace.
To our 44th USA PRESIDENT !   You are an international inspirational being !
Do research. Brought us back from an almost depression. Brought us out of a severe recession. Kept auto companies open. Loan companies open. Brought in jobs. Lowered unemployment, helped people losing home to foreclosure.
Uhm, he didn't do any of that
Uhm, yes he did.
deer Obama I looking for a job can you help me 
We need you. I miss you.
Nuts!
How could the US go from a president and leader like u to a redneck self censored old man who doesn’t accept people for who they are or what they believe in like I’m 13 from the UK and it’s just shocking to see the stuff he does on newsround and that. it’s stupid
Listen to what ? It’s Twitter I cant listen FYI im not a dummy lmao im actually quite smart
Thanks for the inspiring words, We owe you a lot.
Really! You are crazy.
Gow wants the president to act like he doesn't realize sequence  shifts.  Former director of the F.B.I. Robert Luskin lied to you, and lies with these F.B.I. physical delusions and liars.  They need to tell T to smash the F.B.I. What used color was/is for these stayed fake scence
Well said! We miss you as US president. The world needs someone like yourself. Please try and persuade your wife Michelle to run for president next time, I am sure that she would have lots of support. We need some sanity in the world.
@MichelleObama
We love you
MPO Floyd and others are also recorded with crimes with police from my town and with forging/switching names with them unsing child predators, and with evidence reception bodies.  YOU were/are lied to the whole time, Chief.

Don’t drink the look aid #ImpeachTrumpNow
You are our inspiration!
You are crazy!
@Haagenyas inspiring us!
How did I not see this until now?? Love you tons Anni-bear!
"Teach them well and let them lead the way." Whitney Houston song.
Nutty.
What world do you live in?

So love these young people!  Thanks Barack for your wisdom.  We so miss you.
Not to smart are you?

@wallstsuperstar there's your mans stats !!!
I am going to start a movement in order to allow a great President to run for office more than just twice.....are you with me Barack?
again... you refer to them as fearless, but when a conservatives expresses disagreement you call them vulnerable victims that should be treated most delicately.

Can you young people see what the democrats are doing???? I sure hope you can. They pandered to the African Americans, the immigrants, and now the young people,BUT they have NEVER kept their promises. OPEN your eyes.
Hi My retired President hello to be inspired by you
Greedy evildoers,  he screams does mother not provide food for everyone and everything.
Absolutely correct.
barrack your an embarrassment,michelles a tranny,your gay,your all part of this false flag to get americans to give up their guns so the criminal Clinton gang can take over
How many times did you get dropped on your head?, lol.
We miss the class and intelligence that you and Michelle brought to the Presidency.
Class? What class? 
Not surprising you don’t know what class is. Let me help you, everything your POTUS is, class is the exact opposite.
And who died and left you boss? You don't know the difference between corrupt (hillary) and good. ( TRUMP). TRUMP, Trump, Trump.

I literally only have a Twitter to see what our buffoon of a president is tweeting, but I am glad that the only comeback you have is to attack the amount of people who follow me, thank you for making my day!
And you people are retarded when all you can come up with is "bot". Give me a break. 
What punk/incompetent dictates regarding what to say to Putin, too, per the physical delusions w sciences yet/fact treatment natures.  Russians were/are here recorded with crimes with the judgs switching names and such w the principle sex offender just sentenced. More tied childr
Oh we need his advice
Jump off a cliff.
We still have them undefended from what raised/es evidence fabrication natures with the courts, and with databases.  CCSU is recorded conscious of their crimes with courts, and with foreign drug clicks with/as them also using child sex offenders more to hide their lie progresssio

@diananyin1951 There was/is a Michelle Rice that a Colello family confessed/recorded involved with on/off campuses/inter-branch evidence fabricaiton rackets also foreign, and also with policing of stories, and of drugs w sex offenders proven tied their clicks+schools more.U know?
Dude, you really need to work on how to form sentences. I don't think anyone here knows what you're talking about. It seems completely out of left field. What is the relevance of what you are trying to claim?
she reacted to another conversation tied to some sex offenders tied to the name RIce.  I don't know her.

Yeah, you wish but his legacy will be restored in 2020.
You call 8 years of his shit legacy? We call it Treason
When Obama took office Dow Jones closed at 7,949 points.  Eight years later it had almost tripled, closing at 21,414.  Yeah, give me that shit legacy!  Do your homework!

Wish this was real. Maybe soon!
I adore this man; his intelligence, courage, compassion, and overall impectable reasoning.  Oh, how our country needs this kind of leadership!!
She is obviously speaking about DJT!! Thank God we have him in office now!!
The late great organizer and chief. He's a joke and really needs to go away.
Oh Vanessa you'll figure it out eventually. My family faught in the Revolutionary war the Civil war and WWI and WWII so I think I have more to say that some person that ran across a border and collects welfare. Good day!
I’m so glad you’re not my president any more you divided us more than most people realize. People wanted you to heal our racial divide but you managed to increase the chasm. You had the chance to be know as the best and to finish the I had a dream from MLK JR
You’re Absolutely Correct Suzy!!!  He had the Perfect opportunity to help so many people.  Instead he wanted to make them all dependent on big government.

Yeah, and replying to you and 45:
84 
It is disgusting how you manipulate Our Youth and our future for your unconstitutional political agenda. Our children are the future it's good that they are strong but when they are being badly influenced in the educational system is sad.
Yep just skip school it’s ok to be dumb I’ll lead you
Lead then!
Obama was leading them by saying he approved of then skipping school just like he lead so many down the road to welfare that traps a lot of people because you can’t make extra money so you fall deeper and deeper into dependence. Darn if u do darned if u don’t
Unorganized chaos is a good thing?
all the other people that never cared the way you did when you took care of us better than any of the rest and you were more human I mean I loved yours and Michelle's relationship while you guys were in office I mean I just think you guys are wholesome thanks for the great job
Ty.
You were waiting for the children to do something?  And you were President for 8 years?  Just how do you have their backs? What message did you send to the children when you joked about killing people with drones?
Why did Trump let those school shootings happen HELL he could have done something
Yep.
Nazism is a right-wing ideology
I see history was not your strong suit ... wow.
It's pretty impressive that 100 year old political misdirection of the DAP in Germany rebranding as a socialist party still had fools like you confused as to what they stood for
What’s impressive is that you and your 40 followers don’t know that “Nazi” is short for National Socialist lol #Instablock time!
Everyone is quite aware of the efforts of the Third Reich to co-opt the labor movements of the early 20th century, it's just impressive how dolts still believe the propaganda they produced
J879l
Amen I’m very proud of them. We need to get them into office one day when they finish their education.  We need to help this new generation make their lives better.
gracias por su buen mensaje barac obama
You spied on DJT the POTUS and corrupted the Intelligence Agencies ,Justices and DOJ. You are a disgrace Barack Hussien Obama. We should have never trusted the Muslim with presidency of United States of America.
You are a divider a very wicked man
Lol... yeah George soros is doing s fine job helping you out with that im sure...
You need to go away
I second that.
My president
And the reason so many people on the alt right don’t like the young standing up for what is right, IS THEY ARE SCARED OF THEIR INCREDIBLE POWER!
today is beautiful 
I live Korea
l like you
"Young people have helped lead all our great movement." - Barack Obama
Because you laid a brick on the youth empowerment monument.they learn from the best
We learned from you Prez O!
Yes, we can!
You've got nothing Barack, unless we consider how you'll be remembered as being the cause of so much division and hate in this country today. Go away,
You are an inspiration  to me sir.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10211066390367876&id=1599233571 …
Its always great to learn some History #QAnon ##GreatAwakening
yes we do,we must vote

P v
N.B.U
NationalBlackUnification
#nationalblackunification
    Starting May,1 2018
  Follow me on Facebook
Need your support. Thank you
Which of the Bill Of Rights gives the right to learn safely?
Don't drink the koolaid
Saya suka sama barack obama saat menjadi presiden amerika , karena kebijaksanaannya dan adil sama semua agama
My online friends from around the world also said that they love President O bc he is intelligent & wise; but most of all, humble. I think his greatest trait is knowing his weaknesses & not afraid to reach out to others for help.

Greatest US President Ever!
And for his reading & writing letters to civilians, answering the little people’s prayers. Best POTUS ever!
These young people have been driven by the far wack job left. The young conservatives have been silenced and their words have been scripted.
Yeah bend over young people the #CrookedDNC will stab you in the back #FusionGPS #ProjectPelican
I must say through all great movements. It's evident, that the pen is mightier than the sword. I'm a witness and even participated in some of em. Now grown I know much more. The Word is mightier than the pen, and prophecy is, no child is exempt from our Lord, and chores given.
God is the truth. Your a liar. Bless your heart
They sure are. I love our conservative youth! Not the ones in these ridiculous marches financed by soros where there are more adults than kids.
Great. Another POS that bullies kids that are peacefully protesting gun violence.
Worst President since President Carter.  I can just hear President Carter's pray,  Thank You God for Mr Obama...
Obama funded terrorism
...until you get locked up #WaitAndWatch
You missed your chance Barack when you sent the drones and the death squads. The only way left to redeem is to offer to stand trial for crimes against humanity. Please show that law, order and justice are the only way! Please lead by example, otherwise you will remain a slave!
It's great to see a leader encouraging teens to speak up and stand up for what they believe in. #STCEgov7
Just like Bill Clinton was wildly popular and his effect lasted awhile but faded your voice will fade. Yes, it’s powerful but without the platform slowly will diminish?

Since when were you concerned with keeping Americans safe? You coddled criminals, invited ILLEGALS in and protected them even when they committ more crimes!
Well said, and very true! They say folks always think their generation is the best one. Well, mine was a good one (and a great deal more innocent), but I give the kudos to the Parkland Generation! I'm not sure what their "Gen" name is, but they are inspirational and give me hope.
Hello brother
God ov
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @mashable
MAGA
Specifically, young people of all colors, ages, abilities/challenges. Sole qualification is red blood. Rest superfluous.
KEEP ON STANDING FOR JUSTICE.
Whose?
Nice
@BarackObama You Are the Best President The US Ever Have I Salute You Sir 
Love You From Pakistan
That's great, you strongly believe believe in this youth able to remarkably change the world.
Rock the vote!  Yes we can!  Yes we can!

Shut the fuck up terrorist
1.2 million likes! congratulations, 9 years ago kids needed help, now after some liberal indoctrination they are completely insane. How inspiring is to run a constant instigation for non sense marches to solve no issues? I voted for you, what a disappointment!
Yes
Wow, does Kenya has a lot of tweeters.?
I bet most of them are fake & duplicates by a number of naive school kids around the world because Kenya & it's neighbors don't have that much IT to go around.
Damn ignorance is running ramped.
I think you meant to say "rampant" which means 'flourishing or spreading unchecked.' Ignorance is a gift at birth. Simple literacy training gets you upward, speaking, and potty trained. Starter education gets you the ability to post on twitter. Selfie(sh) intelligence is "ramped"
Young people of America are blessed with so much hearted good will from God. They need to be guided the right way all in faith peace and love. World peace.
Ffdhyv DC.           UjhuuOK OK yo yWhat y e f Dreee"hVgvede
http://yogeshbairwa94.blogspot.in/2018/04/blog-post.html?m=1 …

You're still roaming around free?  Incredible 
That’s a president!
What happened to Larry Sinclair ?
Come back!! Please!!
Yes, come back. And face prosecution.
Yes it’s a bowel movement 
#JusticeForAsifa India
Yea Antifa!  Yea BLM!  Yea kill the cops!!  Sad.......You ruined your legacy..... not Our Great, Strong current President!!!!!  He has brought hope, joy and real dreams to our "citizens"!!  You killed those dreams & gave handouts!!! Yuk!! !!!
Awesome, they are the change Agents
Come back
From a real President
Great
Young people have also created the "tide-pod" challenge and the "condom-snorting" challenge. Yea really smart
Keep giving these how-to-be-presidential tutorials. I’m not seeing “someone” catching on. Oh well; maybe they’ll help a future president. A young female Obama, even, perhaps...
You mean He/She was a full Male ?
What happened to Larry Sinclair?
Marching doesn't do anything. We need the states to make changes to poli8ce handbook.
#alllivesmatter
You and your paid mobsters are dangerous, but we are plenty and we are strong. Don’t count your revolutions before they are done.
So glad your out of the White House!!! Going to take president trump most of his first term to fix all the crap you did!!!!   Good riddance!
Young people are our future champions for a better world.
Yes, how wonderful you were. So sorry that the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt did not come thru for you...perhaps you can find other ways to advance your Muslim proclivities & defeat Israel.
I ADORE U & I MISS U!! I can't believe we went from the BEST POTUS EVER (u sir) to an illegitimate, incompetent, & corrupt squatter in the WH!! 

I agree with u regarding these young ppl, it gives me hope 4 our future!! 

All my love to u, Michelle, Sasha, & Malia. 
What an idiot! Isn't this the same guy who oversaw the loss of over 1,000 democratic seats nationwide? Who forced healthy Americans to pay his Obamacare TAX of several thousand dollars /year? Who drew a "red line" in Syria where chemical weapons are now being used? F_ck that guy!
How safe was your Chicago District or is it still one of the Murder Capitols of the US!
Will you be watching the trump peepee tapes and see him getting pissed on
Never had anyone’s back but your own. Why the sudden change ?
Bs
5 ..f.
You are so full of crap! How safe were they when you let M-13 gangs into the country? How great you were to steal money (without telling anyone) have that money laundered and then paid Iran (a 2nd time) with the money to get hostages. How great were u in the Uranium deal?
But you didn't have their backs when they were getting shot up.  Your VP PUT GUN FREE ZONE SIGNS ON THEIR SCHOOLS.

YOUR ORGANIZERS organized DAVID HOGG & co.   "Remake the world as it should be"....in whose opinion?  YOURS?   Sorry, we don't like terrorists and foul mouth brats

qw

No Barack, like all elitist. You got your back and no one else’s.
Right to be safe?  That sounds terrifying
After so many pleading attempts for help and extraction.Our four Patriots died waiting for YOU!TO HAVE THEIR BACKS!!.we all know how that ended! Weeks of denial. Lying to the America blaming it on a YouTube Video!!What makes you think the youth want you to have "Their Backs"?
I think most people like the way things used to be.  A time when children were respectful of their parents and elders.  When adults ran their households.  We’ve all been young once and grew up to realize our youthful ideas were mostly wrong. No thanks Hussein
Assalamu Alaykum Dear  Sir
Wa?
We love you in Australia too... and gun control worked fo us here, why not give it a try? Lives will be saved
Barack Obama doesn't waste a chance at indoctrinating the Youth into Socialism when Young & Maleable.
You are SO damned straight! (Pardon my French", but your pathetic replacement uses worse. And one of my followers' country is listed as "Shithole". Disgusting's reached a whole new level.
President Barack Obama, in a Country where the color of our skin has become more important than Moral values you are standing up as a torch showing our young people the way to walk straight and with dignity. May The Lord bless you and family always!
How much  or what did you promise them?
Heloo
Listen to what the Pope said , he is for the kids. Check out D.C vs Heller part 2
We miss you 
It’s the divisiveness you instigated #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
They should have started after Sandy Hook. Or did you draw a line in the sand for that too?
Hi .. my friend
they're giving up their right to be safe by giving up their right to defend themself you dope
You proud of them for snorting condoms and eating Tide Pods too?

Couldn't have said it better myself, @BarackObama. Thank you for taking notice in what our courageous children have been doing and always being on their side.
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982904600339546113 … 6550
Did you like it ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L  
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time 
…
Really look at London they took guns away they have superseded NY for murdered and since they don’t have guns they are cutting people’s throats! Yes in we Globlalism NOT Obama Sharia Law followers want to eradicate the West hello??!?
_ደደደደደደደደቀደ .قاا.  
اااأااااأااق.  ا
http://ali.pub/2f6n4z 


The country got a lot closer to how it should be Jan 20 2017.  Everyday since then the stain of #44 is being erased.
PROJECTION the muslim and liberal way.
The guy who failed our country for eight years is now calling on kids who are shooting each other to lead the country. They are suddenly gun control experts. Barry I am still waiting to save my $2500 on healthcare. We are now finding out the extent of the Obama crime spree.
Go to hell
Well said President Obama.  Thank you for continuing to be a voice of reason and concern for our country.  I miss you.  Annette
Thank you for supporting the NRA and the 2nd Amendment. Thank you for supporting the brave young male and female teens that stopped other from making knee jerk reactions.Youths wise enough to know guns today, knives, tomorrow, cars the next day. Curb liberal insanity.
The left wing communists control of young Americans is breaking down that's why u preach hate 
Kids are getting smarter and learning freedom
You were the worst president of ALL!
Go smoke another joint Loser! 
#kentstate
Worst president ever behind Jimmy Carter of course.
