miss you both!
also, i agree — but i wanted to get that out first.
apparently you do since you follow her
America loves & misses you, Michelle!! I noticed at today’s rally held in Tallahassee, several students were wearing Obama t-shirts! Thanks so much for your wonderful words of encouragement. I’m in awe of these brave students too! All the best!
And about 140 attempts by Obama to provide fixes, all denied by NRA buttlicks in GOP, then reversed EOs by Putins fav Puppet.  Go troll elsewhere, TwatgirlfromTx
Well seeing they controlled everything in 08 and 09 and still did nothing
Something Obama didn’t do, 8 years in office. Find a hobby! You guys seem bored, can’t help but meddle, continue to “try” and divide. President Trump has got this! Trust in that!! #MAGA

The Best tweet of the Day.
Your party controlled the presidency along with both both houses of Congress and did nothing about it...similar to DACA.
Question, even if that’s true. Don’t you think this current administration should do something about those issues now? Honestly not trying to start a fight. Just wondering.
I definitely do. And I can’t stand @realDonaldTrump or anything he says. But the guns issue I actually give him a pass on. Not a pass on not stopping it. But a pass that it’s not his fault. Obama(and past presidents) are at fault too.
Obama did try to pass legislation, but it was shut down by congress every single time!
Right, I agree with that and see it as fact, but these folks clearly don’t. Instead of fighting with them about it I’m just trying to see if we can agree that we want change now. Because Obama isn’t the point or the current president.
The D’s controlled both houses and didn’t get anything done so they could continue to use issues such as this to score political points. Give Pres. Trump a chance. He is trying to do right for the country by using common sense solutions. Prev. admins. of both parties sold us out.
Ummm...good try! They had control for FOUR MONTHS! *rump didn't even figure out the White House blow dryers in four months.

https://www.ohio.com/akron/pages/when-obama-had-total-control-of-congress …
It's so good to hear real leaders stand up for what is right. Thank you so much, @MichelleObama.

We need more of this from our public officials.
Except her husband didn’t. 8 years.
If you recall he has a republican Congress blocking him in every step, including something as basic as a Supreme Court nomination.  This is what on republicans through and through.  Don’t even try to place it on him.
All 8 years?
Nope, but when he could he signed a gun control bill that trump rolled back. Explain that.
Why it was rolled back?
Ask trump. I’d love to know the real answer. I suspect he thought it was fake, just like most news and Obama’s birth certificate.
Because the government wanted to include in the gun background database the people receiving disability payments from Social Security or received assistance to manage their benefits due to mental impairments.

Amen
Oh please after years of being lectured by Obama every time a mass shooting occurred, it was striking & refreshing to watch Prez Trump take the time to sit down & listen! He truly is the president for us “common” folk! (The kind of folk u snub & we only get “crumbs”!)
 this is hilarious, and not accurate, but ok.
#CountMeIn
What happened when your husband had the super majority and still did nothing? 

Hint: NOTHING

It's a nice and dandy article but he still had a super majority. Also, if you want to claim R's obstructed, it kinda is like what Dems do now.
Yes,super majority for 4 months. 
There is no comparing the obstructionism of @SenateMajLdr to what the dems r doing now. He refused even a hearing on a Supreme Ct Justice by a sitting pres.He has delayed justice 4 millions of Americans by his refusal of judgeship confirmations.
Yeah well, no one wants loony leftist judges
Yeah, that’s what the constitution says anyway, right?
God, we miss you. So freaking much. This is insanity. We are living through insanity. Thank you for the moments of clarity and love and class and hope. You are #MyFLOTUS and #MyPresident. Thank you.
8 years of barack and nothing but lip service,  Michelle where were you during his 8 years of his presidency?.  We have a new President in town and he has done more in 13 months than obama did in 8 years!!!
Interesting time to be living in where "stop shooting our kids" is seen as a "liberal talking point" by the "pro-life" crowd
Guns save more lives than take. This is a simple fact. We still need gun reform. We also need 2nd amendment rights. These two arguments can go hand in hand
Not even remotely true.
Citizens kill more people found to have committed a crime than even the police do. Almost twice as many.
We love you two!  Thanks for the class you are showing.  We wish u were still in the White House!   Love u!!!
Me too!!!!
These kids grew up in the Obama administration. They learned the strength of purpose and conviction, leadership, class, and grace from YOU. They are your legacy and they will save us all. Thank you.
Democrat is the answer to all the genocide follow me news of the world 
Perfectly said,  First Lady!
I miss your comforting and confident support during times like this . You will ALWAYS be my first family 
Mine too.
I'm your #2 fan after @BarackObama
Fight you for it
Thank you for your amazing and kind words, @MichelleObama!
Michelle is a beautiful, dignified woman. The best first lady ever! #MichelleObama 
Yes, best Tranny 1st dude ever #JoanRivers new the truth 
What's the cross in your Twitter handle stand for?
The letter T... you like it? Care to buy a vowel ? 
Good to know it doesn't represent a religion for you
The "T" in his Twitter handle stands for: TRASH!

We love you so much
What’s gun control going to do dumbass
Ya, communism takes a lot of effort.
Such grace - we miss you!
Dear Florida Legislators: these students are angry and shall soon be able to VOTE YOU OUT OF OFFICE!!! It’s just beginning.
I totally agree! 
I love you
Love you!
Love you miss your eloquence.
Why don’t you get in front of them. These kids are doing more than your husband ever did. You had 8 years to make a difference.
Kids of America. You can show the adults how it is done !!
Thís is the reaction the world needs. Not giving out guns to teachers. We miss You, even from the other side of the world. #nl #obamaforpresident
It does not take courage to stand with the mainstream political views in the media.

Yup & as soon as all guns are gone, Will have to ban knives,vans,trucks & pressure cooker. It's a slippery slope to hell isn't it 
Kate, ain't it kinda f--ked up, that "Master-mind" Trump wants more mental institutions, when him and his cronies have already cut the federal funds?
Sorry Michael, I have been having a life while You have been in UR safe space. But, Obamass only funded the UACA through 2017, go check into
Obama advocated for violence against law enforcement.

Criminal reform will take unyielding courage and endurance of LEO & unbiased justice system.

Have you seen the news out of #parkland today?
BREAKING: Sheriff: Deputies to begin carrying rifles on school grounds in Florida county where shooter killed 17.
To Bad you and barry didnt actually do something to keep those kids safe instead of parroting all people should have weapons taken away leaving the criminal with theirs. That leaves the rest of us in mortal danger..GET IT!
Yeah but you had 8 yrs and did NOTHING #epicfailure
You are a wonderful person. I/we miss you guys. Probably more than you know.
Another Brit piping in ? Fix your own problems and don't speak for me with the ' we ' bullshit, I'm glad they're gone, America haters
Read your bio
"hate people that can't engage without name calling"
Point taken.
I have many Brit followers on here and I really do sympathize with what your government has done to your country, I always wanted to visit there but not sure it's safe anymore
Actually thought you were from Britain yourself, then saw you were NY born and living in the Great White North
Yesterday tide pod challenge, today changing the constitution! Bravo.
Are you really that stupid?
Dad?
But you didn't during many school shootings. Crying students, mothers, teachers, and you ignored them all those years. Pathetic and sickening. Barack was too hung up on passing a shitty healthcare bill.
You’re husband would have sold out those kids the same way he sold out our brave Americans in Benghazi. Congratulations on your free ride to the deceit and corruption Michelle
Go away, Michael.
Why didn't you do anything when you had a super majority then? Where were these words then? That's all these are... words. Well played.
Curious: does your detail carry guns??
You mean dismantling this great nation further than what you husband did?
There were more school shooting under the Obama regime, why didnt you say anything THEN???
Obama cried. That helped. Not.
Why didn't you look across the dinner table one night during the 8 years in office and ask your husband to do something?
Funny you and your beard did nothing to protect these kids exc  talk during 8 years in office. We don't need more talk or hashtags from you.

Get out the way: A real President is gonna handle this.

#GunControl #2A #GunControlNow 

#Parkland

#ParklandStudentsSpeak Lefty Nonsense
NRA and @gop blocked Obama's Sandy Hook laws - and Donald Trump relaxed rules on mental health and guns. What idiotic comments. http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/18/us/politics/senate-obama-gun-control.html …
Wrong/Lie: Obama's "mental health" regulation denied seniors who asked for help with financial affairs the right to own guns. Trump rightly dismissed this prejudicial and asinine policy.

Obama = Stalin
Try reading mate - can you comprehend facts? https://www.snopes.com/trump-sign-bill-revoking-obama-era-gun-checks-people-mental-illnesses/ …

"Obama = Stalin" - another idiotic and ignorant comment.
snopes is fake
I think you are fake ... so what? I have no time for people who have trouble with reality (Muted)
Guess you lost on facts huh and now it's just name calling... Lol. Muted for being unable to discern reality and being a waste of time.
What gun reforms did @BarackObama government bring in ?
Thank you.  Your voice is a clarion.
...as mellifluous as a vuvuzela.
@nadezhdarupskaya you Klismaphiliac!   Remove that vuvuzela before you hurt yourself!
That’ll be even funnier when @BarackObama is behind bars
You would be proud! They’re the Soros backed new antifa. Look at FLA laws,cooperation on letting school kids slide for offense to get federal funding. Who had 39 calls re shooter? Why didn’t cop enter building for 6minutes?
You're not getting our guns Mike
Michelle,
Thank you so much for your statement it means so so much to us 
Tim 
Statements do nothing. We had 8 years of statements.
Now u have 14 months of stupidity, lying, racism, White House and America for sell to Russia, adultery, sexual abuser, ignorant, make promises to whoever pay the most. Going to prison, soon and very soon, he will be going to prison. Where is his taxes, spend millions playing golf
Cool. Meanwhile my business soars and I'm able to create more jobs than ever.
Help break the @NRA lobbyists hold on lawmakers. Insist elected leaders take the #NoNRAMoney Pledge here:
These kids are as being played like paper violins. It won't work truth is bring revealed
#qanon
Just take away our front doors & locks to them why’ll your at it! I’m confused, this is #America right? The land of the free the home of the brave? #WeThePeople have died & cried for our rights we lost so much in our fights to be free & pursue happiness, not lies & weakness. 
What does “we are behind you every step of the way” mean?  Have you donated $, are you speaking out w/the Students?  Are you organizing Marches with student?  What ACTIONS are you taking?
I miss you two so much. 

Hi Melissa!
Hi Joe. I miss them too. 
I got a little teary reading your reply. I think I need to go watch some cartoons again. I've been making sure to keep up with your race!
Thanks Joe. Sending nothing but good thoughts your way.
What about the 11 year old that was struck and killed by a car in El Paso yesterday in front of a school being out side for a NO GUN Rally?
and who is behind the kid that was hit by a car and killed after leaving campus during your supported school walkout?  these underdeveloped minds should not be used for political gain....you people are killers
Oh please your rhetoric is so jaded. What! No more “we’ve got your backs”? Spare us.
LOL I call B/S
Who are you and why do you hate people who own guns?
Kenya is still waiting.
err was you not in the white house love, couldn't ya,all done something then ??
Yeah, you would be behind something like that,  but tell me, why didn't you remove the 2A when you had the white house? Afraid of not getting your eight years? Isn't lives and legacy more important?
Nazis wanted ‘gun reform’ and genocide followed. Only butchers want unarmed citizens. Says a lot....
Glad to see the young people taking action maybe now Washington might lidten.  Washington certainly don't listen or less talk to each other.
Next time bust out your Concealed Weapon Michelle. @Madwook2016 @Tweet_tracker1 @AmericanAthiest @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
Shes packing some heat. Bigger than ovomits
We miss you both dearly.
We miss your wisdom, your strong care, and your smart actions
We miss our #POTUS44 and our #FLOTUS44
All of the above in addition to their intelligence and grace! I miss them desperately!
I hope and pray that when Democrats are in charge in 2020, they would select you for Secretary of State or to a cabinet post. We need to gain back the respect from other countries that was lost last year.
Yes, because when my dentist is away, I just ask his wife to fill in for him......doh!
These smart and savvy young people speaking out and taking control of the gun debate are amazing! The youth of America will make America great again! Gun Control works in Canada, Australia, Germany, Japan, England, and other democratic countries, why not America?

How do you explain the fact that sensible gun control works in so many democratic countries around the world that have very very low gun homicides?
#KidsNotGuns
Guns save kids, nut bag. Why do you hate kids that are saved by the use of firearms?
Dear Gustav with 278 Followers, Get a clue. Look like a Trumper. You will never be forgiven. Muting you. Bye
We miss you so much
Hypocrite. What did your husband do during his time to stop this. Now you're shamelessly trying to score cheap political points.
Dont mind her...... Very shameless hypocrite.... They had 8 years and they did nothing
MOM & DAD we miss you...please come back to us
Yeah because your husband did such an amazing job on the subject.

I live in Broward! Don't preach to me! Where was the FBI? where was the Police Peterson? Where were you for 8 years! #FastAndFurious? Oh, your memory! #NoFreeGunZones
We miss you every damn day. 
If you don't give teachers a weapon you are leaving them with one choice, "use your body to protect students"
I miss y’all. 
Oh yes! Obama behind U. What did this man do N his 8 yrs reign of terror? They armed #Mexican criminals w/weapons. ARM YOURSELF with knowledge. You are bright kids! Don’t become sheep! Read and study up! Don’t take my word or his! The want to be journalists have tons to research.
@Everytown @BarackObama We miss u every second of every day

That's great to hear that from high profile people like u.
MR. & MRS. OBAMA. THANK YOU FROM THE COFFINS TO THE COFFINS FROM SEAS TO SHINY SEAS! HERE'S TO CHANGE IN OUR LIFE TIMES TOGETHER 
Blaming the gun and NRA for the shooting in Florida is the same as blaming the car and the AAA for a drunk driver killing.
We miss you and The President SO much!
Why don’t lawmakers just ban ammo? Constitution says nothing about ammo. Or seriously limit the amount a gun owner can posess. If they have to use guns it had better be for a darn good reason lest they run out of ammo.
Everything you say is true. The 2nd amendment doesn't protect ammunition, or assault rifles for that matter. The NRA owns enough of our current crop of legislators to make it a moot point. We must vote the NRA whores out of Congress, then pass laws to get the NRA out of  politics
I wonder how many lives could be saved if Walmart couldn’t sell bullets? Or guns shops? Or gun shows? Or the internet?
Republicans didn't count on the kids that grew up under the leadership of President Obama becoming such motivated  people. Obama's work might be undone by Trump but Obama's real legacy will be these great kids.
Dear God how we miss this decent, honourable, public-spirited woman.
How we miss a #POTUS who responded to tragedy with empathy and action.
How we miss the concept of public service in the White House.
With a #BlueWave2018 in November we can start to wake from this nightmare
#FBR
Oh Michelle, Something you Husband should have taken care of while he was in office. There were a lot of shootings on his watch. Yet no on crapped about them. This is all turning Political thanks to MSM. Ya'll are unbelievable! God Bless America and God Bless You!! #Prayers
This one? Figures you would!!!!!
I just threw up in my mouth a little.
Keep dreaming Michelle it won’t happen not on the watch of 100 million people with guns
What will you actually do about it though? The Obamas were always good at schmoozing, speechifying, posturing, grandstanding, mixing with 'cool' celebs, holding soirees, giving awards  - what about action? How to get Trump out?
@cameron_kasky 2020
#LeadByExample
Mmm such a NYC president u are
Not gonna happen Shelly. The Demorats should have acted with “unyielding courage and endurance” when Obummer was in office.
#wherewastheobamain2012
#sandyhook
Those kids deaths  shouldn't be in vein who will fight for these kids in government who anyone can praise we need ACTION
These kids a amazing and are going to change the world !! #BanAssaultWeapons #NeverAgain #YesTheyCan #votehimout
If this is sincere, and I believe that to be the case, considering chiming in regarding the NJ CD2 primary where one party backed democrat has a 100% approval rating from the NRA.

@MichelleObama over the past 5 days Ss from all over the US and Australia have added their voices to support the positive to safety in schools. There are over 200+ voices you might like to listen to because these kids make me so proud. https://flipgrid.com/43d018  they are our future.
Who cares what you're inspired by.
How is that hashtag working out? https://www.sbs.com.au/news/more-than-100-girls-missing-after-boko-haram-school-attack …
Spoken like a true transvestite
A man Michel I think they're a lot of us in the United States to stand behind these young extraordinary well spoken children and we will always be behind them no matter what we will always have their backs weather here in parkland or at another school.
We miss you and your husband so much!  I wish Mr. Obama had senate and congress with him, that would "MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN", not this fake prez tRUMP.
This is up to all of us Mr. President & First Lady. Thank God we have great people like you in our corner that's for sure. #NeverAgain #BanAssaultWeapons #TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded #TrumpCrimeFamily #ImpeachTrumpPence
I’m sure you are in total awe of Kyle Kashuv who is fighting for americans second amendment rights as well.
Hey Michelle
-Do you think bad guys have guns? 
-Do you think gang members have guns?
-Do you think they will ever stop having guns? 
-Do your secret service have guns?
-Why do they have guns?
- Do you think taking their guns away will stop someone from hurting u or ur family?

You have to run next time for the sake of the whole world  - there is a mad man in the White House.
For the first time I feel hopeful that a group or voice will be more powerful than the vice grip the NRA has on so many members of Congress.  I believe the students in Florida and others who join them will be able to force the change we need.  They are the future

Michelle Michael Abomination black magic W000-Man
And so are many of us Michelle. But the journey for sanity will be long and bitter. We must support these wonderful young Americans in their struggle.
Can we trust you to pull a Mellie Grant and save the future? @BellamyYoung

Guess what, you and Barack Hussein are not in charge. @realDonaldTrump and Republican's @GOP are. We are Pro-Life and we are Pro-Gun to protect life. We are not victims, We are Americans. Not Socialists, AMERICANS!  #MAGA
Thank you for being a terrific First Lady and a wonderful person. You and your family are examples of the very best of the United States of America.
True class.
Yet you and your husband did nothing after the Sandy Hook shooting... . His failure to ack cause another mass shooting.
#losers
The NRA will not back down on our constitutional rights.  Go back to school and learn them.

RETWEET IF YOU AGREE: that Michelle Obama was The worst First Lady in US history... and then some. 
Gun control Now , Reject NRA .
It is time to follow the children. They were born in this era fór a reason. Ĺet's protect them
and support their cause. #MarchForOurLives
Those students have guts and I love them for speaking out and trying to make important changes!!  They rock.  God bless them all!!
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

The only time you're behind anyone is if bullets are flying. Ya'll had years to make schools safe and the only thing you did was issue a mandate to have law enforcement go easy on punishing kids. Gave Grant's to schools with low crime rates, thereby encouraging them to look away
This is was leadership empathy & class looks like! Love & miss the Obamas sooooo much!
I miss you!!!!
AND SO ARE WE SPECIALLY MY TWO KIDS WHO BELIEVE IN OUR BELOVED PRESIDENT @BarackObama WHO BUST THEIR BUTTS TWICE FOR HIM TO WIN THE PRESIDENCY. ROUND UP ALL PEOPLE THEY CAN REGISTER TO VOTE AND HAUL THEM ALL TO THE VOTING POLL COME VOTING TIME DID THIS ALL AT THEIR OWN INITIATIVE
MISS MICHELLE I LOVE U

I wish you would run.

Would u run for office? We want u
Why did Barack Obama approve the use of the #BumpStocks that were used in the #1October #LasVegasShooting?
@MichelleObama @BarackObama you are right with the gun reform to what extent though, I believe that we need to focus on two things mental health and gun reform. But if we hit both too hard nobody will agree we should find a happy medium do you agree?
Says Mrs. Divider In Chief.
Thank you, Michelle, for always having our backs.
And yet you did nothing at all when you had the chance.
March with us @MichelleObama
And WE are behind you, cleaning up the mess your husband and you made over 8 years. 

BTW - how was your daughter's job with Harvey Weinstein?

You, Your Husband&Your Daughters Have More Class In Your Little Fingers Then The Trump Family Has In Their Whole Family Tree! We Respect You&Your Family&Miss You All Very Much! Not Just bc of Trump&All His Chaos but bc We KNEW We Were SAFE! You Had Our Backs! Now...We Are Not Saf
What did Obama do about it ? Feck all thats what but it's all Trumps fault now eh ?
I think you forgot to mention Kyle Kashuv.
This is still my First Lady. She steps up as well as Obama (still my President) and look what we ended up with in the White House.stand strong #NeverAgain
@cameron_kasky @BarackObama Elitist Leftists only want to disarm law abiding Americans. #NoGunFreeZones


Young people of America, it appears your rights to life liberty and the pursuit of happiness pale in comparison to the right to own an assault rifle, and relieve you of your rights. Remember who stands with you, and which agenda you buy into . . .
Far-Left, anti-#USA #Constitution, #GraveDancingForGunControl crazies...
#MichelleObama
#BarackObama

<spit>
Lol 8 years ring a bell? Puppet
https://twitter.com/TheView/status/966387156049514499?ref_src=twcamp%5Eshare%7Ctwsrc%5Em5%7Ctwgr%5Eemail%7Ctwcon%5E7046%7Ctwterm%5E1 …
@KaiStoneKoerber @MichelleObama @BarackObama My prayers are with you today as you guys return to school...Keep the momentum for change!
"AFTER THIS, WE'RE FOREVER A FAMILY." Parkland student survivor Kai Koerber shares how the community is doing after the tragic shooting: "We're there for the friends we do know, and the ones we don't." …
Proud of my kids stepping up!
Yes but you did'nt manage to achieve it
That’s false! Congress voted down the gun bill Obama put forward after Sandy Hook
I get it but you have to remember Obama put in an EO for mentally ill and gun ownership that Trump deregulated. Should more have been done, absolutely. But we need to focus on now instead of looking back
I agree with you 100% both sides not only dropped the ball they threw it away
Lead from behind has been the Obama's paramount accomplishment
You and PBO set their example. They watched you and listened to you for 8 years. Your influence has made the difference. Never doubt that! 
When will everybody understand that changing the gun laws will do nothing except take guns away from law abiding citizens. Criminals don't obey the law. Criminals will have guns no matter what. We need armed guards and or teachers at our schools.
You & him don't get yet why this keeps happening?It's their 400yrs of karma they  reapin what their forefathers has sew & done!Im not shocked & I'm for neither ! But why did your husband bomb Libya & kill their President & ur own  ppl?yall didn't speak up enough on cops killin us
Whyte schools should do what yall do to our schools put metal detectors in the schools & the police on each floor problem solved, I believe I can own my rights 2own my gun & I don't care for either rep or dems yall are all the same at the end of the day yall all hangout 2gether
While we are at it, let’s repeal the Dickey amendment. This should be an easy one for Congress. CDC Research is necessary to understand how guns affect the US. #NeverAgain #RepealDickey #marchforourlives
It's so telling that the Obamas offer these students love and support while Trump and NRA supporters spin conspiracy theories and offer them death threats. Who's the better American? Is there any question anymore?
We need to have the conversation.  If the NRA wants to continue to be pertinent they need to help lead a BALANCED CONVERSATION. #havethegunconversation
They just need to stay strong!! I fully support them!!
Reminds me of this - John Kerry, 1971. Veterans Against Vietnam.

https://youtu.be/5baWT5NqMj4 
I am so proud of them too.
So why are you speaking now? What did you and @BarackObama do?
He tried numerous times to ban gun sales to those on watch lists, limit magazine size, and expand background checks.
Oh, and he also wrote the rule that saw the social security administration have to report mental health risks to the FBI for background check purposes. But that was reversed last year by well, you know.
And that’s working out just fine
What is? Increasing the likelihood that someone with mental illness gets a gun? What could possibly go wrong?
Everything is wrong with children and guns.

We love you guys, I miss seeing the girls
I'll just leave this here 
yes! We are behind Kyle all the way!! We don't follow sheep
You're partner was president, had the house and Senate and did NOTHING! 
Move along dude.
How I wish BARACK OBAMA & YOU HAD NEVER LEFT!
Can’t believe I’m hearing this from a former First Lady, wife to the executive defender of the constitution, but I expected it since you’re both as eager to get rid of people’s right to self-defense as the rest of the rad left.
What part of Unalienable don’t you lefty lunatics understand? I will die to protect my and every other Americans CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS!
