Hey, @MichelleObama – your message at the first #StateofWomen inspired the world! We’re saving a spot for you at #USOW2018 and hope you can join us again. How’s your calendar look for May 5th?  http://theunitedstateofwomen.org  
do you mind if i say hi to and how are you doing?
Thank you Michelle for all you kindness.
#Hypocrite You don't support all women, or you wouldn't have lied about this. http://worldofwonder.net/wait-why-did-michelle-obama-forget-she-gave-outgoing-first-lady-laura-bush-a-gift-as-she-arrived-in-2009/ …
A handsome man in the middle :)
Sooooooo excited! Team @miryslist will be there!!! Cant wait!!!!
You should visit GALA while you are here!  It is the first all girls, all public stem school for middle and high school in all of CA!  We have girls from all over LA, some take 3 buses to get to school.
Michelle, so disappointed in your remarks lately, politically. Just stay with  your own projects!
dpettaeay@gmail.com saw not sure 
Bieu saw Suri kor

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4syDstvWs3Rz8gVVwS-4_Q/videos … 


Sure you don’t want to be President?
Best First Lady Ever.

Thank you for continuing to help our country.

Obama Presents the All American Rape and Sexual Perversion Awards 
https://www.gofundme.com/helpsavetheirhome18 …

Please help my family save our home
I’ll be there to talk about equity, health and pain—@MichelleObama, thrilled that you will be there too!!!!
Madam #Kathua
Thank you @MichelleObama for making the time to join us #USOW2018 #MorePowerfulTogether
We will be there with @AlexandraDow512 !!
 phoney!

Every time I hear of @StormyDaniels #stormgate and @POTUS @realDonaldTrump I think about what if it was @POTUS44 @BarackObama who did that...  here's what it might look like #Grandad #Boondocks #KungFu @angela_rye @JayarJackson @VanJones68 @marclamonthill
Somewhere in Africa a child doesn't have access to her basic needs;food,clothing and shelter. But we can make a difference and impart the lives of the next generation.Please visit our page and help with your donations.Thank you.
I know u will  be back. U will win again. So dat African  will be free. +2330201699965
J'admire ton courage et ton inspiration,que DIEU te bénisse
Michelle those who throw dirt loses ground and you are one of those people. Deplorable.
https://www.quora.com/nux/follow_topic …
Who’s that man in the middle?
Be sure to adjust your dick so it only shows slightly, mike.
U and your husband are so racist
HEY WOMEN, GREAT THINGS HAPPEN WHEN NOBODY IS WATCHING! The Affordable HealthCare Law  IS MICHELLE OBAMA'S LEGACY ALSO!!

Oh please. I’m a business woman, from east side Anaheim. I was the minority by far. I voted for our President Trump because he makes sense. I would never vote for Killary because she’s a female. You don’t speak for all women. You and BO need to hush up.
So the candy we are now home eating is all the wonderful things Pres Trump has been doing to fix the divisive and wrong things your husband did to our country. How right you were!
you are the worst!! The absolute worst...  <-  is you...
Ur American hating husband was such a responsible parent that ur under aged daughter was out there drinking & smoking pot- embarrassing. Corrupt jackass liars r not good parents-just dumb! Ur jackass husband ruined this great country & now OUR GREAT PRESIDENT TRUMP  has 2 fix it.
@BarackObama @realDonaldTrump - Mrs Obama and Mr. Obama, with all due respect - WHAT PLANET DO YOU LIVE ON?  The good parent does let their daughter INTERN for Harvey Weinstein and your policies FINANCIALLY RUINED EVERONE $1 to UNDER $200k totally income.
Moochelle 
You need to find the garden again girl!
Got news for you too , Government is not our parents , they are thier to serve us , and we dont worship government as you. Trumps kids are successful and respected and your nothing but disgraceful for attacking them . Your shameful and show your against this nation by words
Stay home ,go on more vacation, do something other than speak in public because you have no respect of the POTUS or YOUR OWN husband if you'll direspect ANY LEADER THE AMERICAN PEOPLE CHOSE? YOU PUBLICLY DISRESPECT ALL O F US & WE'RE MOVING ON UNITING! NOTHING POSITVE SIT DOWN
YOu do nothing for women , real women see through liberals and your attack on them you stand with Hollywood who pushes sex and porn and pediphilla , you push killing babies in the womb, and Trump is making jobs for women while all you do is try to control them. YOur exposed
Your daugther caught on filmtwirking her butt smoking pott and you dare talk of Trumps kids, all classy, sucessful, respectful , dont drink or smoke. YOU relaly think people dont know about  your daughter saying she hates whites too. So happy your out of White House .
I have had enough of your nonsense , your a racist who hates America, real women did not vote for Hillray because shes a lying criminal and a socialist commie like you and your husband. We are not stupid thats what you hate that real women are not stupid and lead by your lies

Thanks Michelle, but I don't need the government to be a "parent" to me..#MichelleObama
It was until you decided to go there.
No you're on a woman
@President1Trump
Michelle Obama said her husband was ‘the good parent compared to Trump’! Are you kidding me.. President Trump‘s children are smart classy & successful. Obamas daughter runs around half naked..smokes dope & gets drunk..is trash. Who’s the better parent!
You cleared your schedule.  That's hysterical.   You still wearing those white sweat pants?
Who am I? A CHANGEMAKER! Each day I walk in my purpose without fear. Watch me work!!! I was selected to attend the United State of Women Conference with Auntie Michelle Obama!!! #Blessed #Favored #GodsChild #ChangeMaker #USOW #USOW2018
Concerning your recent remarks about parenting...
Isn't it your own daughter out in public, shaking her ass and smoking weed for all to see,
Shut up already...you dumb bitch!
Here’s to the good parent ... Your corrupt ways are going to surface Michael..... Can we see a pic of you pregnant.... girls adopted?

I got invited to WJLA ABC 7 for an interview about spreading LOVE. While there I was able to be kind to people. I want to encourage others to LOVE one another. Watch my Video and Retweet if you like it. I Love…

Wonder what happened to Michelle Obama's parenting skills when she allowed her oldest daughter to intern for Harvey Weinstein.

 …https://diamondandsilkinc.americanewscentral.com/2018/04/06/bitter-michelle-obama-mocks-trump-takes-despicable-shot-americans/ …
Just wanted to tell you how wonderful you look.....you can hardly tell you've had a sex change....... #MAGA
Showing love and inspiring confidence @MichelleObama is a true leader. #impact
 that matters.


I believe, compared to the previous generation, women like you have become more stupid, less feminine, more crude, less mannered, more silly, and less relevant. It's just an theory but you continue to prove it.

I saw your interview where you compared your husband to being the good parent while he was in office. I don’t need the Progressive left to be my parent. I don’t need a nanny. I’m an adult! I don’t need to be told what to eat, when to go to bed,  what to say or wear, how to act.
The Trump administration always puts Americans first. He doesn’t tell us there’s a special place in hell for people who vote differently than he thinks they should vote. He will never send millions to Iran and other countries that chant death to America.
You let your daughters smoke week, idolize a rapper who’s known for his misogynistic lyrics and worship his wife who loves showing her crotch. Good parenting is not your forte. Go find a country you can be proud of and move there.
Stop bashing your president!!! Stop bashing your country!!! Stop bashing American Citizens!!! We The People are sick and tired of the lies that you tell the world. It’s sad to see all the hate that you perpetrate towards others if they don’t agree with you. SMH!!
A tranny supporting women.  I’m cool with that
Make no mistake, you are not inspiring, you and @BarackObama are the two worst things that ever happened to this country.  It’s comical how you think you’re so great. 
Keep your moronic thoughts to yourself. We voted for President Trump because we needed change!! Your husband did nothing..... Except host ex drug dealers - if you get my drift...Your husband sold America out..So speak for yourself...not us.. MAGA 
Don’t see any white, Hispanic or Asian women - not your friends?
You are a truly despicable human. Sure, your husband had patience. Patient in destroying America. Patient in supporting terrorist. Patient robbing our country. Patient putting the U.S. on the fast pace to one world govt. Patient spying on Americans You & OB r the devil's tool!
You DO realize that Trump's election was a repudiation of your husband failed policies, right? The American economy is finally soaring, the border is being protected, jobs are coming back and we are no longer apologizing to other countries for our past.
I voted for Donald Trump. I would love to see a woman President not you, not Hillary Clinton or Elizabeth Warren or Kamla Harris or Kristen Gillibrant or Oprah. I will vote who I want to and have never had my Husband or Father tell me who to vote for.
Michelle I thought your speech was http://classless.It ’s not classy to disrespect the President.I didn’t vote for your husband. Idid not like his lack of experience & absentee senator, his relationships/Rev Wright & Farrakhan, etc but I never disrespected him.
Tranny
Your remark saying TRUMP is like the wrong parent in the House .Your husband was like the slacker son living in the basement. Never DoD anything he promised and what he did get done was done half ass
LOL don’t you wish you were a woman with real kids Michael? You are a joke you always have been and you will always be a JOKE.
Trash

Go TF! Away!!

Mrs Obama, considering you’re married to the most incompetent, weak, and corrupt FAILED President in American history, you are NOT qualified to tell anyone who is perfect or not perfect to be President of the United States.
Save a spot for more undeserving freeloaders ?  My bad,I thought we were talking about your "genius " family. 
YOU & YOUR FRAUD KENYAN USURPER SHOULD DISAPPEAR -- WHERE ARE ALL OF HIS "SEALED" RECORDS? YOU HAVE SPONGED OFF OF THE TAXPAYERS FOR 8 YRS -- LOBSTER EVERY DAY- RIGHT? WORLD TRIPS COSTING $BILLIONS - YOUR MOTHER LIVING IN THE W.H. FOR 8 YRS - NOW GETTING A PENSION?!! GO TO HELL!!

Your PRO-HILLARY COMMENT yesterday reminds me of how YOU began B.O.'s presidential term by saying, "I have NEVER BEEN PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN UNTIL NOW."  How about:  MICHELLE:HILLARY:2020??  Win-win.  Works for both sides.
Why didn’t you wear you wig for Trump’s inaguration you looked like Aunt Jemina! LMAO
Go back to where you came from you PIG!

Michelle Obama  talking stupid
Stop talking shit ! You smoked to much pot as a teen

Make sure you bring your good buddy Bill.....
Mrs. Obama. I would love to be a part of very important walk! God is so very good and always on Time. Sincerely Shellie Gary
Please please let your Hollywood friends it is shameful and terrible to pick on a child and a wife now. It is so sad all the hate. Barron and Melania and President Trump do not deserve this ugliness, it is appaling.  So sad picking on a child.
Thanks @tontonlimane

Obama sent Iran $1.7B in cash
Obama allowed Isis to grow in Syria & Iraq
Obama allowed Russia to influence the election
Obama allowed NK to expand its missile program
Obama got caught running guns in Mexico & Syria

But Trump is a danger to America?
Had anyone scrolled through the comments, and ended up with tears? Asking for a friend, of course :) Thank you, @MichelleObama , for everything past, present and please God, the future.
wow.,,, the longest tranny hoodwink in the history of womankind http://w11.zetaboards.com/WiolawaPressForum/topic/7617008/1/#new …
You continue to do great work in so many ways for our country as well as others.That’s no longer seen with current FLOTUS.I wish more people had your grace kindness dedication and respect.The world would be so much better.Thank you for 8 yrs in WH. Wish it could have been more
I miss you and your husband!!
You are a great person and should keep doing all the great things that you do for this planet
Porque? Mas qui mas
GOD ALWAYS KEEPS PROMISES Just Lovely
PLEASE HELP

Safe Travels!
___
/\\
Ironic. 

#JoanRivers #MichelleObama #DonaldYoung #LarrySinclair #QAnon
Define “Irony” 1)The Fact that She’s A Man?
2)Invitation to Represent”Women”
3)The idea HE cleared HIS 
Schedule, He may well be in 
Gitmo!
All is well love you.                 Just Lovely
Porque? Mas qui mas! Love for ever. Dial my heart
Michelle, you were by far, one of the best FLOTUS in history! Not many can hold a candle to you & the example you set! Tough shoes to fill after you! 
God bless you you are very beautiful diva I really THANK GOD FOR wemen like you. Because that gives me hope and let's me know that I can be anything that I wanna be in life
So awesome  https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/travel/hawaii-committee-calls-for-obama-statue-in-his-birth-state/2018/03/27/551de292-321f-11e8-b6bd-0084a1666987_story.html …
Oh yes Just Lovely
I think it only right that @Oprah comes as well.  What do you say?  Will you come to the @USOWomen ? :)
#*** GO GIRL POWER....
Excúseme can’t l toll we you pliss
What's much more critical for nutrition enhancements services as SNAP finally, than funding or eligibility is how the program serves the lower income ladders. To advance their  heath!
reason why we call some products n practice ORGANIC! That i believe must encompass humane treatment of livestock as well
As we discuss sensible deregulation whether that be agribusiness farming or environment et cetera it should be first of all practical cost effective n beneficial NOT ONLY FOR certain powerful interests but for EVERY CONSTITUENTS as low income population. And there's plausible
budgetary issues in like rural low income district. But as always has been for this administration they got to offer better alternative s.
Trump administration is trying to tweak n alter your healthful school lunch initiative for reasons intangible or speculative if not totally unfathomable. If children or school kids don't want to have a whole grain meals or bread that's fine. .also for certain logistical or

He michael
So sixk of crazy conservatives.  Please sue this person
Thank-you
My advice to your foundation.
http://tothefoundation.blogspot.com/2018/03/to-obama-foundation.html …
Thanks for your consideration!
Tick-Tock ! Don't say I didn't warn you !
Indeed, @MichelleObama, you are a role model for womankind. You are such a blessing!
