
I love how she’s looking at Parker, taking her seriously. 
Absolute, full attention.
I can't picture Melania doing this.
Beautiful Melania goes to hospitals and schools and visits lots of children and does a great job best  POTUS ever unlike this POS
Curious, do you know what Potus stands for? And second do you know how Google works? M.O. And her family fed kids on the holidays and yes hospital visits too. That's basic, this is EXTRA and she ain even in the white house anymore

Please learn your acronyms before you type nonsense. Mrs. Obama was one of the greatest FLOTUS ever.
Thank you for being such an amazing human.
I love this!
Does anyone else feel like mom and dad have gone on vacation and left us all with a crazy relative and worry they are never coming home?? I feel this way
YES!!! and i'm all
Ironic because Trump is in Home Alone 2 for like a minute 
Yes, he creepily shook Kevin's hand at TT.
Fixed in editing
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!
Was at the Plaza.  Trump bought it 1988.  No doubt requirement of letting them film there was that cameo
sounds right.

This is cute 
Pretty awesome that you went and visited this little girl.  #ClassAct
Adorable
You are such a sweet loving person. We miss you and Barak so much.
Miss you!!!
ME Too!!!! I miss you and Barack so much that it hurts 
Like your replyi am worry what's going to happen about the future. I've never seen it this bad with a president!!!!
#ImpeachTrump 
#CorruptGOP
#BlueWave2018 
Best thing I've seen all day! Thank you for being such a wonderful First Lady and continuing to inspire new generations of girls.
Dreaming doesn’t get you anywhere. Hard work and keeping your eye on the prize is what makes you succeed.  You will fail, but that’s life.
Hooray to you @MichelleObama for following thru with this precious girl. You have no idea how you may have inspired her own life (as you've inspired the rest of us!)...you (still) rock!
Best Thing ever!!!
Ahahaha, go 'head witcha bad little self. 
You are still and will always be our First Lady! Love you
She is GONE we have a actual woman as our first lady now.
And your point is?
Magic. Pure magic.
To paraphrase Shakespeare in Hamlet:   we'll never see the likes of them again.
And this is why you’re still my First Lady. (That other one’s just pretending.)
Adorable. Hope Ellen D. Likes these moves . So proud of your continued support in the communities. Can’t wait to read your book 
I miss you so much. Thank you for bringing some positivity to this day.
I’m feeling nostalgic remembering a time when tweets like this came from the White House account
Sigh. We miss you sooooooo much

Thank you for reminding us of all the good in the world.  You are amazing.
We need more humans like this on our planet!
Love and joy. What a beautiful thing to see.
Thank You!!!
Such personality and grace, and the kid too
Nope!  I'm not crying!
#RepresentationMatters #BlackGirlMagic #Queen
Truly an amazing woman, soooo much respect, in real life.
@MichelleObama you should connect with @rebelgirlsbook to read one their podcasts - their sure are plenty of young women (and men) who consider you a hero (and a rebel).  I know @Pitchermaddie49 and her sister would love it! So would I! 
I miss you soo much, Mrs. Obama!!. You are an inspiration to a forty-seven year old.
This warms my heart. Miss you guys.
Hi nice woman
That you took the time to let this little baby meet her "queen" is a testament to the wonderful person you are. We miss you Michelle!
I just love my "First Lady"
I  absolutely everything about this.
Love, love, love! 
Thank you for being such a kind and amazing public figure. You inspire me constantly. :-)
pure class my lady
You are just the best!
It's not just Black households.
Oh Riley 
You are a doll
Please come back!
And bring your husband!
And, Ms First Lady, thank you for finding time to be a positive and inspiring role model.  #WeMissYou
And I'm jealous of a damn toddler 
Forever my FLOTUS!
Mrs Obama you’re such an inspiration to so many. One of my customers calls me “Michelle” and although it’s not my birth name, it’s ok because it’s a wonderful compliment and I smile every time. Continue to be your own kind of beautiful
You and your husband were the perfect example of what leadership looks like you left the office with Grace and dignity you tried to make changes for the American people for the betterment of our country we thank you from the bottom of our hearts signed the real American people
Mrs Obama, what the hell happened to the white house and this country? You're like an Aunt that moved out the state and now everything sucks.
What a inspiration
A true First Lady!
Omg, if that story gets any sweeter I’ll probably get  a cavity
Oh god. Come back
Thank you for being our First Lady!
Mrs. Obamaaaaaaaaaa, You are One Fantastic Unbeatable Lady!
This made me smile, joyful and proud!
Thank You, Michelle Obama. Parker is never going to forget this!
Such beautiful words and encouragement Mrs. Obama!
this 
Black panther 2!! Now, THAT would be a cameo!!!!
Nice one
I love everything about this!! #forevermyflotus
You are a remarkable and wonderful example to men and women alike.  Thank you for your service to our country.
I hope you can join me in Michigan for my student’s Birthday. He will be sooooooooo happy to have you and Mr. President Obama on his Birthday. If Yes , message me.
Run for President please!
Adorable! I love that Mrs.Obama knows how to be silly, and have fun!
Celebrating National Women's Day?
very cool!
@7zboricua More cameras "happening to be there" for you to be angry about.
Congratulations Mrs Obama. What an honour it must have been for you to meet Parker. 
Thank you Michael
And this is why we absolutely adore you Madam First Lady.  Kindness. Perseverance.  Tenacity.

The best and only Flotus with 2 Ivy League degrees.
You just created a forever memory for a little girl. Her generations to follow will look at this with pride 
You are an amazing woman with how you love to inspire the young.
I have loved this woman over a decade. My favorite FLOTUS ever. Thank you Mrs Obama for everything u have done and everything u will do in the future. Best mom and wife too. This video will play at this little girls graduations and wedding!!
#BornAFirstLady 
Very cool!
Cutest girl!

You are awesome Michelle
Mrs. Obama, You Rock! You are American's Queen & always will be!  Parker Curry was cuteness overload! You proved you are the Real Deal, The Queen of American! I hope to meet you 1 day!! Hugs & kisses!
Thank you for your love
You look like an idiot
You go, Sweet Girls!!!

What a classy lady
You are a true woman I wish you were still our first lady always love thank you
i LOVE that you post stuff like this AND try to blame the entire gun problem on trump while leaving obama out of it....how long was HE president for again? XD
that was actually to stephen king XD. nice dancing michelle
What a wonderful First Lady   She is kind to everyone. Miss her!!
Good Queen you go Michelle Looking good
How beautiful! How awesome to meet the FIRST LADY!! 
When we first saw Parker on the news the hub said, "Michelle should meet that little girl" and I replied, "give her a minute and she will"....you never disappoint and are the epitome of "doing things right".
Sooooooooooo much class! Thank you and Mr. Obama for being such great examples to everyone.
You make me sick
One of the things that makes you so awesome
I love this so much.
This little girl is adorable. Michelle, you are as beautiful as ever! Thank you for sharing this video with us.
The Queen and the princess...future Queen. Awooo to the Queens!
So cute!
The impression that this will have on this child’s mind will be indelible...to my sister, some young girl is watching you. Thus, govern yourself accordingly!

Michelle you are a amazing role model. Love you.
Absolutely love this woman.  Her intelligence, humanity and humor life us all.  Where are these folks when we need them most.

Adorable little girl!
sup girl
This is what I love about Michelle...she’s so real!!! Such a great role model! 
Thanks for making the world a better place and for making me smile.  
Just AWH!!!
I love and miss you my queen
Great moves! 
Love this
So niiiice Ma'am
Most disgusting thing I've ever seen
That's the reason America is Already Great! #MichelleForPresident2020
You'd better SAY THAT, Kevin! 
Awwww babies are the cutest
Loved watching you chatter away on Don Lemon last night "Queen Parker". ~
Parker: "That's my Auntie!" 
With all of the overwhelming inexplicable news from this Administration, I keep thinking of this amazing moment which exudes feeling so good!!#MichelleObama
Nice! First Lady, we miss you & the President.
Ma'am I think she's doing the Mom-Dance better than you did it on @jimmyfallon
Love you and missed you
You both can move - bless

She will never forget that day!!! Precious!!
You are just amazing! This precious child will never shake this encounter off!
No one’s gonna talk about Parker’s powerful arm swings? She got moves
My. H.h

.hh
.nh,nb
.
So AWESOME! 
Awesome
I love it
Such a glass act your much appreciate
Beautiful
Thank you Mrs. O for continuing to be our lady of integrity!
Oh, boy, do we miss you and President Obama. Both of you have the grace, integrity, compassion, strength, and leadership to make this country proud. I agree with Parker; you are fabulous.
You are missed deeply first lady Michelle Obama, your happy with the world and you put a smile on America's face by just being honestly  real.
This little girl dancing is my new happy place.  I grin from ear to ear every time I watch this

Reach for the stars Parker
If I was a lil girl and met MObama, it would change my entire life! I would have worked harder to become something bigger. Now I am good to the ppl I know and meet, but affect only a few. 
No
So let it be written! So let it be Done. Amen. “ God’s Will “ The Gospel of Matthew Chapter 6:9-13 KJV Holy Bible! It’s in our Lord’s Prayer, please read it!
Seen Michelle Obama in pants for the first time.....,
Keep rocking, Mrs. Obama. We miss you.
No truer words were ever spoken
Miss you all the Grace and style!! YOU ARE A QUEEN
Wow good model
This is just wonderful. What a memory for Parker and her family. We love and miss you, Michelle!
I so miss them.
Too cute first lady

This is so pure and great!
Miss you and President O.
Amen glory to God
Such love and respect for you @MichelleObama 
Mrs. Obama, you're one great lady!
You are missed! 
Shake it off!
Lucky little girl.
@AllenScrambles she stole my song!
Such a wonderful example of humanity...thank you for being YOU.
This is so cute. What a memory Parker will have for the rest of her life.  Priceless!!!!!!
c   q a  pl

Beautiful
Thank you for being you! The wonder in Parker's eyes will only be surpassed by the accomplishments she will no doubt strive to achieve after having been in the presence of your #BlackGreatness. Thank you for continuously being a source of inspiration, and aspirations.
Not really a good likeness.
I'm so glad we had the chance to have you as our First Lady. Eight glorious years, and you're still inspiring so many people all over the world.
One of the many reasons we miss you in the capital!
Nope. No Thanks - Stay Away From Our Children #WE THE PPL
