@onurbinaydin @eyupkundak yenge enişteye söyle de Karapınar ilçe olsun birde Karapınar meydana gomis heykeli istiyoruz
La yarilacam simdi gulmekten :):):) yazasaa saputusuy ama
 Yok be yenge bizden
Garapinarliya benzeya bizim olladan yaz da bari translateten ceviremesinleee :)
I think you an Ellen should do a full week together. 

I get that good stomach hurt laugh when you are on the show. I think the whole world could use a week of that good hurt.
Beauty, please run in 2020. We all support and love you!
Did you tape it down this time?
We truly miss you
Has anyone had Melania on their show yet?I dont think so! lolol
Such an inspiration to us all! You are truly missed!  Ellen, thank you for having some of the most awesome people on your show. You’re so cool!
Did she past?
Do you really know how much you are missed! IJS
I am thrilled that we now have Melania Trump as our FLOTUS!!  She is gorgeous, brilliant, has spectacular poise and class, speaks 5 languages, loves her son, and  loves America and all of our people.  She is amazing!!  So very proud of her!
عفرین آسمان است، سقوط نمیکند
#BreakSilenceOnAfrin
#BreakSilenceOnAfrin

Hi
Really miss you. Hope go see you on other shows or events to promote positive images for young girls and women.
How is she a roll model to young woman when she openly lied while on Ellens show?


your snapchat scan code would have made an interesting presidential portrait painting :/

You lied! You said exchanging a gifted never been done during the “protocol.”
Typo, I posted by voicemail. It should have said you lied! You said exchanging a gift had never been done before during the “protocol.“.

#BananaRepublicans #MemoDay #MEMORELEASED #SteeleDossier #NothingBurgerMemo #Nunes #CNN #TrumpRussia #Comey 
If it was nothing why the Dem drama? Sad to see Mrs. OBama lie on tv like her husband.
Let's have a great First Man, Barack Obama!
Funzy
Can you please run for President you are our only hope
Wow if she is your only hope your life is very sad.
Still ashamed of your country? How's  pastor wright these days?
No need to judge Rev. Wright, you need to live so that your life can be an example.  Rev. Wright knows the Lord and can ask for forgiveness and it be done.
#getyourownlifeinorder
Why did you lie about gift giving? 2009 so long ago? YOU gave Mrs. Bush a gift during the same ceremony.  #deceitful
Hypocrisy! I guess your memory is as "good" as ole' Hillary Clinton's.  https://www.facebook.com/Jingoists/videos/147365615972845/?hc_ref=ARThB7JBDHHpvl9nZIEhtNC4Psc6QD3mPIZBRO35nKfpHTtssp84_OMPA6NazlVvyP4&fref=nf …

where is your apology to @FLOTUS about gift exchange? https://www.facebook.com/Jingoists/videos/147365615972845/ …
We demand you step up like a real woman and apologize to the First Lady
Miss your elegance, sophistication, laughter, beauty, and swag!!! Love you @MichelleObama!!
I love you both so much and so very proud of you as strong, beautiful and caring women to admire as role models. PEACE AND BLESSINGS TO YOU BOTH. #DomYourRealtor

Guess lies comes natural to you. Remember 2008 gift you have no class
So why didnt u tell her that you also brought a gift to Laura Bush breaking protocol??????????
Yet this liar forgets she gave Mrs Bush a present too........shows how jealous u are of our Classy Elegant @FLOTUS ..  Money sure does not buy class which u lack.
Send all illegals back now. Just like b hussein deferrals
Interesting how you joked about the gift you were handed when you did the same thing to Mrs. Bush.
Ellen , you’re being played!
It’s all coming out in the coming months.
You’ll be asking yourself, “how could I be so blind, so naive?”

Memo is the tip of the iceberg.
IG Report coming soon!
We love you guys and miss you!
I totally agree!! FLOTUS. Love you Ellen HBD.
Loved seeing beautiful First Lady Michelle. Miss you.
You are nice person.
I miss your elegance , grace , beauty and heart that you brought to the White House !!
Shes a pig
She said it was awkward, because of protocol for the picture, but forgot that she did the same to Lady Laura, who kept the gift and took pictures. Michele looked at Melania’s gift with discuss. 
She said it was awkward, because of protocol for the picture, but forgot that she did the same to Lady Laura, who kept the gift and took pictures. Michele looked at Melania’s gift with discuss. 

How soon you forget
We have a Lot More than Just Hope Now that we have a @POTUS who Truly Cares....  We have Lots of and enough #PelosiCrumbs to go around everywhere!!!  #ThankYouPresidentTrump
So very happy to see you.
You are so wonderful!
Miss you Michelle!
Y’all always make me die laughing 
Had fun watching you . Miss you
I watched it and it was awesome
I so wanted to be their 2 of the women I have always respected, wow what a show..loved it..
WE MISS YOU!!!
Please consider #MicheleObama2020
I just love Ellen. And I also love Michelle Obama she has so much grace her name is truly the meaning of a lady mrs. Obama next time you talk to Ellen please tell her to invite me on her show and tell her happy birthday
Michelle, ever think about running for office? Senator,........PRESIDENT?!?!
Can't wait for you to be Indicted Michael Robinson then you can share your Nasty lunch menu in Prison
You are sorely missed. I miss you First Lady
We miss you.
No
Can not begin to tell you how much we miss you as our First Lady - you broke the mold and we were spoiled to have you
I love Ellen, hope to be on her show one day. Happy Birthday Ellen. I love you!
You went on the Ellen show and said alot. All we have is hope? In actuality, we have a lot of families that got their job back. Someone must have waved their magic wand.
You are a true lady!
You just are terrific
Adore and miss you, wonderful woman!!!!!
I miss you so much  I wish you come back
#HBD ELLEN 
Best First Lady Ever %
Good to see you on TV . But.  Michelle.

Oh I’m on it. I call it the Laura bush back slide.
So sweet she brought a gift for Laura
I love your insight, wisdom, and caring spirit.  Miss you FLOTUS.  
We miss you and I was so happy to see you on Ellen. You two are so amazing and make the world a better place.
I love you and Ellen!
You were an amazing First Lady,thanks!
Definitely won't be watching anything with you on it.
France miss you
This is so on my DVR right now!! Greetings from Orlando @WESH #HappyBirthdayEllen
Here's the link to see if you can claim a birthday cupcake! Good luck! https://l.fooji.com/l/15c2d005 
https://youtu.be/k5-Zs1LT8aM 

Just play it at 2:28.
Liar and has no class.
So classy.
Yassss this is what I want to see. Not fighting over who is better I want to see strong woman that have Snapchat.
Happy. Birthday. Ellen. U. Don't look. 60
You're awesome
You better apologize for being TOTAL LIARS. How bout the time you gave a gift to M.Bush at the exact location Melania gave you a gift. I thought this was "never done". DramaQueen. See pic people. Dont trust this guy.
Michelle Obama said that when Melania gave her a gift, she didn’t know what to do. It was never done before!  Well, uh... 
Yea never done before  anything to take a hit on the first family
Hey MOOchy... YOU OWE @FLOTUS an apology!  YOU HYPOCRITE!!!  Guess you forgot about this!!!!
You and Ellen...
President and Vice President 
#UNGRATEFULMichelle

Hi Michelle.  Read your comments about "all we have is hope", and it reminded me that I have much more hope for our country now that your husband is no longer our president.
Maybe Ellen can add a correction when it airs on how you lied...um, were "mistaken"? #NoClass
If your husband agenda was so right, why did hillary lose??? The Russians right!!?? The "hope" as you put it is due to Trump being in the job! Your husband hates this country as you do to!!
Sure you're the uniter and @TheEllenShow should be ashamed!  #boycottEllen or hypocrisy and lies!
I missed also
Remember this Old Time
I miss you MICHELLE Obama!! You will always be number one with me.
I love it any time you or your husband are on TV, especially Ellen, James Cordon.
Love you and miss you
Your Bitmoji looks JUST like you 
Disgraceful. How dare you speak of our First LADY as you did?  Says FAR more about YOU than her.
@MichelleObama @TheEllenShow
I Will Be Watching Miss You
Hi Mrs Omiss you all terribly
Can’t believe how unclassy you were to #FLOTUS.  I used to support you but no more!!
Michelle you gave a gift the same way to Laura Bush on Inauguration Day, why dissing Melania??:
You gave a gift to Barbara Bush....So why are you saying - Never before do you get this gift..You should have paid attention to what Barbara Bush did with hers when you gave it to her....
Michael the truth is coming out. You are a .......
https://www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/michael-coupe-3 … can you help us please ? xxxmany thanks
Happy birthday Ellen you shine in more ways then one I'll be watching @Oprah @TheEllenShow
Hey @MichelleObama , what was in the gift you gave Laura Bush?  And why was that moment not awkward? She seemed to handle it like a lady.
Miss you #FirstLady love you and @TheEllenShow  together.
I will definitely watch, it is always great to see you  and here what you have to say. You are always so inspiring.
Happy Birthday Ellen from another Ellen!!! Love you even if we may have some different views! My sweet mama who has passed loved you too! It’s easy to see past the outward and see that you have a heart of gold!  Stay true to that!
Miss u
Miss you ever so much.

Miss you! Take care!
The Perfect First Lady,love your tenure as FLOTUS 

Michelle Obama for president we  you
Ellen is 60??? How did that happen?
Miss you so much Michelle!
@MichelleObama @TheEllenShow
Hey,a shout out,,,,we luv u,Michelle!
Happy Birthday Ellen I love your kind heart you are in good company with a awesome friend like Michelle. You both are standup women.
You seemed to have forgotten about the gift you gave Barbara Bush when speaking about Melania Trump.

Ellen is 60?!
The ever smiling first lady of the world(michelle obama) Ellen is great.
I am so glad we have sucjh a classy First Lady in the White @WhiteHouse now @FLOTUS
Cow
God bless, FLOTUS Obama. Your and BHO's leadership is not only missed, but yearned for. Yes, ma'am -- *yearned*.
I WILL CAN'T  WAIT
Holy free range cow, I can't believe Ellen is 60!
Wow looks like many of us found better things to do than watch ‘rump lie his way again
She said it was awkward, because of protocol for the picture, but forgot that she did the same to Lady Laura, who kept the gift and took pictures. Michele looked at Melania’s gift with discuss. 
@MichelleObama @TheEllenShow @NovoDems
We miss you @MichelleObama

I love you guys.....we, the American people are slowly going crazy.   Cant anyone get him out?
@FLOTUS has more class and beauty in her pinky finger than you do in entire body!!
Very nice.Excellent.
We miss you and your gracious family being "First Family" more than you'll ever know.
What! There’s no way she is 60!!!
Hey.....Mrs. Obama....why didn't you come India with Mr. Obama last year? We love you
Miss you so much, u and ur husband . Just can't sleep soundly anymore.
You and her are hateful!!
You are so beautiful
IM GONNA HAVE MICHELLE OBAMA IN MY SNAPCHAT
Michelle from Best 1st Lady to Best President
Miss you!
I too miss you
Irrelevant @TheEllenShow, vulgar bigoted display of "sorority sisters" bullying Class President @FLOTUS ellen, check out continued devastation: hot springs road, families need HELP! #MAGA #BuildTheWall

I’ve always been in awe of you but being catty about Melania’s gift felt beneath you.  I despise her husband and everything he is doing but Melania was a deer in headlights at the inauguration and was trying to be respectful, kind and thoughtful. She was obviously petrified.
What happened to 'Be kind to one another'?
Being ‘kind to one another’ ought to start with an apology from a woman who brazenly pushed harmful Birther lies that not only hurt a wife & traumatized her 2 minor daughters then aged 9 & 12; but also helped increase hate & death threats against a historic First Couple in the WH
‘Old times’.  Indeed.
We miss you all soooo... much!!!
Oh darn... and today, I would miss it. Rats!!! 
don't know why I hate him but am attracted at the same time.  he looks like the daddy I never had.
We miss you!
How did you not know of the gift exchange when you did it yourself?
I'm sure you made her celebration! Thank you for being You♡ Love you!
my queen
No class!   Don’t you know how to graciously accept a gift?

 Have to laugh or you'll cry at the hypocrisy.
Hey Michelle, If I remember correctly, you brought Laura Bush a gift also. Dang forgot that didn't you?
Did you correct your lies about the gift? You gave Laura Bush a gift as the incoming FLOTUS when The Bush's were changing power to your husband. Or did you forget there is video of that happening??
