U did soo much for gun control...sellout yo...corporate sellout
He did sell a bunch to Mexican Cartels killing border patrol agents. Nice job BO
Good work Barrack. kuddos
Why didn't you do more to change gun laws while you were in office? I voted for you and respect you while this has been on my mind...

https://youtu.be/yTFB2Og0HP4   #thelifeyousavemaybeyourown #betterthanlifeinsuranceitwillensureyoulive an easy to use perfect evacuation device variety uses. http://Fireescapechute.com 

No lottery
U were in office 8yrs and shootings escalated. Coming from Chicago u should have done more instead of focusing in on celebrity and dossiers. We see thru u. Lovely portrait btw LMAO
So if the “common sense gun laws” are so common sense, why didn’t you put them into action?
He was the president not the leader of Congress he can only do so much which does not include proposing laws.
And yet we expect Donald trump to fix gun control and if it doesn’t happen, it’s his fault. But it’s ok that Obama failed to fix it.
Can I honestly break this down?

Obama couldn't fix this because the Republicans were against him.
Trump CAN fix this because the Democrats are already on board, and he's a Republican which means he can get the GOP on board.
Most republicans don't support gun control (given that it has little effect on reducing crime as criminals will always find ways around it, and it will do more harm than good), so the only Republican support that Trump would get from this, would probably be from RINOs.
Are you denying a correlation between mass shooting/gun deaths and gun control laws?
Yes mass shootings are a big problem right now but a determined one would have found a way to get guns whether legal or not. So gun control won't do much, as it only affects legal gun owners and does little to deter criminals who don't care about the law.
It would do something. Currently over 80% of mass shootings in the US are assisted with guns that are legally bought. If it is harder to purchase something a person is less likely to commit the action they would with said item.
We can iniate the change by voting the Republican yellow-bellies out at the midterms
You are apparently the coward.

Guns can’t kill people without someone pulling the trigger. If you don’t believe me then ask the grieving people in Chicago that you ignored going on 10 years now!
There's #MilitaryTribunals and #CustomFittedNooses for you and your lot in your futures.
Im English but would love you to still be  USA President
Take him and install him as your first #Muslim #Islamist #Fascist #PrimeMinister. @BarackObama and @SadiqKhan are #Interchangeable. #Obama wasn't America's first black president; like #Khan, he's a #Mulatto. Much better to hang them as #WarCriminals.
#GunSense #KidsBeforeGuns

Thank you President Obama
Thank you for being a President to be proud of, sir.
There is plenty Obama could’ve done during his 8yrs and didn’t.Such as protecting schools n the same way other federal buildings are protected.

He and liberal politicians don’t want to protect children.BC every time a child is killed it gives them a platform to take away rights.
You are misinformed and delusional.
She sure is!
Why not care about ALL the children of the world equally? Under Obama the US went from fighting 2 wars to 7.
One down, one to go.
You are the best. still here in Malawi Africa remember you sir. Good president of all times president Barrack Obama
God bless u an yr. Family.
Thank u for yr. Time in office
GOD SPEED take care of yr.self
am God have yr. Family.
THE YORK'S. 
Build the wall
Maga
Miss you
Couldn't agree with you more Sir. If you were still in office I know people with certain needs would get the help that they need and we wouldn't have days like the other day.

FUND RAISING...... OUR ORG. (SAVEANDCARE ORG) WITH THE SUPPORT OF WOMEN SUPPORT INITIATIVE ORG. AND HOME FOR ORPHANAGE ARE RAISING FUNDS FOR WIDOWS AND ORPHANS AFFECTED…
#NigerianPrince #Habooboo will act as executor of the trust, like #BillAndHillary did with the #ClintonFoundation.
Thank you so much Mr. President...thank you for rebuilding our economy and being a beacon of moral decency and composure..I sooo miss the days of measured...coherent leadership..You will always be my favorite president..I am so tired of this man..But I will not boo...I WILL VOTE!
You didn't put "common-sense gun safety laws" in place when you were president. Mass shootings happened just as frequently...
Yes . You had 8 years to change even minor gun laws and did nothing. We got used to your complacency. You hate Trump and won’t leave the state till your lies and the lies of your cronies get him out. Can’t have success. Makes u look bad. Legacy. Ha!
Ano ....
Again, better armed security in schools is a better solution. I don't own a gun, so I am not biased. We protect our airports more than our own schools?
Speaking of kids what the hell is this, you better get your lawyer ready!!!
you been hanging around creepy Joe too long!
It’s Happening...#BOOM: “Wendy” Nixon Digs. WE GOT YOUR NUMBER, #BHO. #GreatAwakening #QAnon #Pizzagate #Pedogate 
https://www.sgtreport.com/2018/04/boom-wendy-nixon-digs-we-got-your-number-bho-greatawakening-qanon-pizzagate-pedogate/ … via @SGT Report
@BarackObama
How about the fact that the "Promise" program your administration pushed was directly responsible for the change in student arrest policies that allowed Nicholas Cruz to do what he did? You got blood on your hands! You can run, but you can't hide from the Truth. God sees you too
Dude you had your chance to do something about high powered assault rifles, 8 years in fact. You're just as bad, and I don't know why people's brains can't process that.
Your so inspiring
F.O.
Conhecer a Samantha
Sou brasileiro
Tomara que podemos se amigos
IBAMA com vai tomara que esteja tudo bem com você
Dear Our Hero Barack Obama,

Respectfully, until “We the People” remove the #TrumpCrimeFamily and the Koch Bros/Mercer Nazis currently running our government...

Nothing of true value will be addressed, much less given the slightest bit of attention.

 #TheResistanceVOTES!
With all of Of the sewage , which is Trumps life, we cannot get so distracted that we abandon a movement that finally provides a cure for a national scourge! #NeverAgain #EnoughIsEnough #Emma4Change #BlueWave2018 #TheResistance #StandWithMSD
I still don't ubderstand why Obama never did anything, there were school shootings under him, every President always fails when it comea to what needs to be done. I can't tell you who our last great President was...certainly hasn't been in my lifetime and I'm 32.
If you think President Obama never made serious efforts to pass sensible gun reform; you were comatose!After Sandy Hook,thought that GOP majority in house & senate would've acted!They didn't! Given what pres Obama was handed,and what he accomplished,he will be remembered as great
Stay sleepin sheep. Every President has their scandals, just because they deny knowledge doesn't mean it's true. Trump is crap, Obama was crap, both Bushes and Clinton were crap. But people like you worship the men in office as long as they represent your preferred party.
Once again,I have to respectfully say that you are just FOS! I worked for a Republican States Attorney, I was offered a position as a legislative aid for Republican Gov. Jim Edgar! All, while being a reg. Democrat! Why? They respected my integrity and independence!Foreign to you!
thank you father of the nation am cosmas otieno from kenya you left behind alegacy to be remembered.
How about you sending this retired, fixed income guy $6841 to pay IRS for my not so affordable healthcare (for just me) because I had to take taxable savings to repair our house. $11000 a year is not affordable for an old man who didn't use it. Thanks for everything Barry.
Why didn’t you keep your kid safe from #Weinstein? If, as @MichelleObama says, you’re a great parent, you rubbed elbows with liberal hollywood, @HillaryClinton knew! @Oprah knew.
http://yogeshbairwa94.blogspot.in/2018/04/blog-post.html?m=1 …
Except criminals and bad guys don’t follow the law. You know that. No law will change that fact. NRA members and law abiding citizens do. Explain how democratic cities in states with the most strict gun laws have the highest gun violence?
Comments like this are ignored because they can't explain it.
Obama did nothing for Black People, DACA People, did nothing to protect schools from deranged people, now that he’s out enriching himself he’s got plenty to sayShut up Obama 
In 2014, I signed the 'Promise Program' into law to pay people like Sheriff Israel to ignore certain crimes. And I'll bet you didn't even know it existed. It allowed Nickolas Cruz to buy a gun and stay out of jail. ~ Barack Obama
You know uranium one was made up right? No uranium was sold to any russians, but like neary all trump supporters, you like to spread fake news...and dont forget Donny rolled back obama era regulations on the mentally ill getting guns, allowing Nik Cruz to carry out his plan
you should proud to be a MUSLIM
Why didn’t you do it while in office then? Not one gun reform was passed under you, while many school shootings happened.

So why didn't you do it?
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982723421326004224 … 5649
Are you Viking lovers ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/cy7tde 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/cy7tde 
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time
…
We
Really Obama where were you for 8 yrs doing nothing you have blood on your hands 14 mass shooting and 14 grand speeches during your Presidency & you DID NOTHING!!
You already did that mr gun grabber. It didn't work then it won't work now.
いいね！
How about holding the FBI, Sheriff and school administration accountable. And let's not forget your policy of not involving the police in school matters. Nothing like hiding problems from people that need to know the most. What to go good parent!
The puppet still has his strings pulled.
LMAO. I thought murdering people was already against the law and yet he killed how many? What law would stop a criminal from shooting someone? What common sense gun would have stopped this last school shooting?
Barack you wee too busy focusing on racially dividing our country.
And none of those kids was survivors of the shooting Liers.
Then stop killing babies 
Great intentions Mr. Obama, but more could be done. Just parts of the annual budget that is being wasted in the USA, could help this special cause. Training in healthcare and law enforcement are just examples.
How many of these common sense gun safety laws in California did that Muslim woman adhere to when she shot up Youtube HQ wearing a hijab or as the liberal media refers to it “a shooters mask”.
I wish you were still president your better than that hairy  orange
To greet mr sir
Ur one to talk even with all the gun control Chicago is a gangland of violence and murder—ur hometown, and u never did address the issue while in the Whitehouse!
THIS TOO IS OBAMA'S LEGACY
#ImpeachTrump #MLKJr
Like you did anything in eight years
, if liberal cared about kids., they wouldn't kill  them  through abortion , here's some food for thought , by the time the Republicans are done stepping in  Obama executive orders , only  thing Obama's going to be known for is the first half white president unisex... LMAO....
Democrats food for thought by the time Trump is done stepping on Obama's executive orders only thing Obama's going to be known for is the first half white president unisex bathrooms, Trump, single-handedly in one night turned the party of FDR into  cry babies..
Got news for you,with blinders on,the FBI knew about Shooter,never picked him up,sheriff too..the agenda was fullfilled by lefts crooked ways once Again!! Evil to the core...
Que tranza
Dats da boy
Righht
If you cared so deeply why didn't you do something about this before? So it didn't fit your narrative at the time? You didn't need those voters yet. I see. Are you getting a little worried  and you need some distraction? Your crooked Administration is being shown for what it was
Duck duck duck
Long over due gun safety laws that you never enforced?


ñññññññññññññññññññññññññññññññññññññññ
He's so full of shit. Your side wants to punish the innocent by depriving them of protection. Schools should have had guards long ago, but you pussies are all gun-free zone! How's that working out for you?
Stay of my boy 69...
Your a Manchurian ...

Our digital age experts can help! Kids can leverage using Apps that warn them off an attack! or a disaster. By using our digital age eyes  can we look for trouble signs before they happen? We also getting clues and we must convert them into forecasting that can prevent danger!
We all are but I will Never give up my gun so a killer can come into my property and kill and take away everything... it’s him or me what a shoe down
I don’t trust you
I’m afraid
Hello
It figures
http://ali.pub/2dhal1 
We The People need to be FREE from Government abuse, theft & MURDER  #SandyHook  #Vegas  #Parkland How many more children will you KILL to retire our Constitutional to the archives How about we use our tax dollars protecting you and yours to protect all Gov't run Public Schools?
LIAR!!!!   Put armed guards & surveillance cameras in/around all Government run schools like you have to protect all government employees & officials on government run property but not for 'the publics' school children.   Keep your fake tears for Judgement DAY!!!!  #ObamaForGITMO
I am really really trying so p
How about the FBI following up on multiple leads? Or the cops standing down while this was happening?

http://ali.pub/2e36zi 
Way to not do anything.
Certainly Mr. President, with that being said can you square this circle?  #2ADefenders #WakeUpAmerica #ObamaGate
Well said and years ago i used to hear of a "Bradley gun-control bill or act"Was it repealed in a way that has allowed North Carolina and Parkland among several others?
On thy part:

And two choices you have,
And a flower or knife you have,
More you strive you have,
Or just live the life you have...
But to take oath,
Keeping in blend of both.
It’s weird... It’s almost like elected officials shouldn’t accept money from companies and than have to later vote on policies directly concerning those exact companies (or institutions) I think the phrase is “conflict of interest”.  Seems like a big problem to me.
Obama knows all about conflicts of interest. Puppet of lobbyists and special interests that funded his campaigns.
We miss you Barack!!!!
And how ! 

Miss you best President ever Barack Obama.
.@MichelleObama .@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
Bullshit! You are jumping up & down. This kind of thing helps your anti-gun lobby which is why you ordered 500k names of fugitives taken off NICS background system. Trained/armed staff only way to stop school shootings--look to Israel. Truth will come out about your anti-gun...
http://videobulur.com/video/motivasyon/aci_yoksa_kazanc_da_yok-72799428 … #trump #obama
http://videobulur.com/video/motivasyon/tembellik_etmeyi_birak_motivasyon_videosu-72799428 … #barackobama  #abd
http://videobulur.com/video/motivasyon/tembellik_etmeyi_birak_motivasyon_videosu-72799428 … #barackobama 

哈哈
Miss your leadership Mr president. Haven’t used Mr president since you left office.
We'd (the world that is) love to have you and the misses back at 1600 PA. AVE.
Wrong stricter gun laws only punish the law abiding.
Chicago has the strictest gun laws in the country and the most violent crime.
Japan has some of the strictest gun laws in the worlds and less than a dozen gun deaths a year.
What were you sayimg about chicago?
Hi sir I need  to meet you
You were in office for 8 years and you didn't do anything to make this better. The only thing you did was divide the country and cause upheaval towards racism. Trump has done more to better this country in 1 year and all you did was DESTROY it with hate...Shame on you!
Then why didn't you do anything to actually fix it? Just more words...
Look like it is that y ant for right there from modashon
Yes,caring of our kids is our first job. And caring for our young people for a good job is our first priority . We have to do proper duty for the next generation.
Thank you  Barack Obama .
Yes, we have to change. Time to end these school shootings. It's time to arm teachers and place armed resource officers in our schools.
Out of touch with reality as usual...ps you aren't president anymore...
You had your chance at President. Now it’s time for someone else to lead     You should be remain silent and not confuse things with your input.
"Common Sense Gun Safety Laws" disingenuous without clarification. 100% of Americans are currently subject to "Common Sense Gun Safety Laws" #FixNICS and address systemic failures. Change is just different not a fix.
A kid is a juvenile goat.  We choose education for children, not goats in our schools.
Propose a law that guarantees no more school shootings, I'll be all for it.  In the meantime, armed personal are needed - see how it works in the Maryland shooting?
Yes, take all the guns to the dump, and start afresh with gun control laws like they have in all other developed countries, our neighbor to the North of , for instance.
What a whole lot of, side of his mouth talk, that MEANS NOTHING. You did nothing to help while in office, so RESPECTFULLY SIr, go away, unless you make these kids try to treat each other like human beings in the classroom and maybe nip a potential murderous rampage in the bud
#shallnotbeinfringed
There is a need for change somewhere
Since your out of office now, and maybe you have the time have you fixed Chicago's gun violence problem yet ? Thank goodness Chicago has such strict gun laws that they must by now have the crime rate down to next to nothing.
Trump has already done more for school safety than Barry ever did. Trump takes action Barry takes your Freedoms.
What has trump done for schools last I heard he was busy legalizing the ivory trade
You give me hope during these dark days, thank you my President and First Lady
